ress. The course of the war has revealed
the necessity for guns less mobile bu: of
greater range, and these are being put
out abundantly."
After extolling the sea transports and
the ready response of the reserves, he de
clared that the Government had given the
generals an absolutely free hand; that the
war was "one in defense of our African
empire," and that, through good and evil
fortune, they would pursue it unswerv
ingly to the end, so that no such war
should ever be waged in South Africa
In conclusion Mr. Balfour ridiculed the
foreign prophecies that the dissolution of
the British empire was about to begin.
ANTI-BRITISH COALITION
IDEA IS VERY POPULAR
LONDON. . Jan. 9.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily News, in a dis
patch dealing at some length with the
questions of the seizures of German ves
sels by British warships, says:
"It cannot be denied that the idea of an
anti-British coalition is very* popular
here. Hopes are now placed in Russia.
Without being pessimistic, I must say
that the present juncture is extremely
critical. As matters stand, only the fact
that no power wishes to take the Initia
tive prevents such a coalition from being
brought about."
PASADENA MAN ON
LORD ROBERTS' STAFF
PASADENA, Jan. S.— Frederick R.
Burnham of this city, whose fame is ex
tended over all Europe and America be
cause of his record In South Africa, has
been appointed to the personal staff of
Lord Roberts, chief of the English forces
in the field against the Boers. The honor
Is no more than a Just recognition of
Burnham's ability and bravery as a
fighter. Burnham was Jameson's most
valued and able aid in the expedition
against the Matebeles In 1534, when Mate
beleland was opened up to the white peo
ple. Throughout the campaign Burnham
distinguished himself for his fighting
qualities.
Another remarkable achievement of his
was the exploration with a small party of
Americans of a part of Africa that had
never before been entered by whites.
Stanley had failed to penetrate from the
north, Livingstone had died In an at
tempt to enter from the east and a Ger
man party had been massacred in trying
to get In from the west. Burnham and
the party that he led succeeded in enter
ing from the south after great dangers
and hardships, and each member of the
party received a degree of honor for the
achievement. Burnham has been In
Alaska for the past year or two.
PRO-BOER MASS
MEETING AT SEATTLE
SEATTLE . "Wash.. Jan. B.— A great pro-
Boer mass-meeting was held here in the
armory to-nijrht. Speeches were made by
AN IMMENSE INCLOSURE
FOR BRITISH PRISONERS
BRUSSELS, Jan. 8. — A private letter from Pretoria says that
in order to accommodate prisoners of war who are crowding into
Pretoria, an immense inclosure has been constructed to the north of
the town in three long streets named Ladysmith, Kimberley and
Mafeking.
The Boers played an amusing trick on the English at Lady
smith. The latter think they, destroyed the Creusot cannon Long
Tom. The truth is that the Boers removed the cannon and substi
tuted the trunk of a tree, which was smashed by British shells.
The Foreign Office this evenlngauthor
lzed the following statement:
"Germany recognizes the right of search
within certain specific limits. Among the
points enumerated in the protest filed In
London Is one contending that England
has exceeded those limits. No answer has
yet been. received as to this protest."
On being asked whether it was correct
that joint action on the part of the pow
ers in the matter- of seizures was under
way a high official of the Foreign Office
replied that such action ought to be taken
If the -seizures did not cease. He admitted
that Russia was asking such joint action
in regard to the Interruption of telegrahp
lc communication with South Africa, but
he denied formally the report that Ger
many had sounded "Washington about the
feasibility of such joint action.
This dementi was subsequently corrob
orated upon Inquiry at the United States
embassy.
The foreign official ended the interview
with this significant assertion:
"Germany will not be content with the
mere liberation of the steamer General
and the other vessels seized by British
warships, but will demand indemnity In
those and similar cases."
The question of the seizures will come
up In the Reichstag as soon as Count
yon Bulow has expressed a willingness
to answer an Interpellation, which the
conservatives will plan possibly for the
opening day of the session. At any rate,
before the end of the week an extended
reply will be elicited from the Foreign
Secretary, who will review events from
the outset until those of more recent oc
currence. It Is also expected that he will
divulge the terms of the secret treaty
with Great Britain.
The Deutsche Tages Zeitung expects
that a turn in Germany's foreign policy
will date from the Interpellation and re
ply.
The excitement about the seizures Is in
tense throughout Germany. The colonials,
the pan-Germans and the anti-Semites are
pushing, a vigorous propaganda. Their
representatives are stumping the coun
try and preaching a war against Eng
land.
The Berlin Neuste Nachrlchten publish
es a communication advocating the seiz
ure of all British vessels In German ports
aj» an act of revenare. Other cabers talk
about the "unbearable humiliation of the
Foreign Office."
At the same time the official organs and
a large section of the more influential pa
pers mildly continue to preach modera
tion. The Berliner Post says: "It be
hooves us to keep our sentiments In
check."
BALFOUR TALKS OF WAR
AND MAKES EXCUSES
LONDON, Jan. B.— Arthur J. Balfour,
First Lord of the Treasury, delivered his
annual address to his Manchester constit
uents this evening. An immense audience
gave him an enthusiastic reception. Mr.
Balfour contrasted the conditions of last
year, when the Fashoda incident had been
honorably closed and the peace conference
had been at The Hague, with those of to
day, when, he said. England had become
involved in the "greatest war of the gen
eration."
"It is true," he continued, "that the
Government knew the situation contained
elements of peril, but it is not true that
they regarded the war as anything like
inevitable. If H be asked why the Gov
ernment, knowing the Transvaal was in
creasing Its armaments, did not protest,
the melancholy reason rests in the Jame
son raid, which gave -the Transvaal a
chance to say it was arming, not for ag
gression, but for self-protection. Thus we
are criticized for doing too little by those
who a year ago attacked ua for doing too
much."
• The speaker said he believed the events
which prevented mobilization last August
had done more good in uniting all parties
and all parts of the empire than if Great
Britain, and not the Transvaal, had issued
the ultimatum.
"Even the tactical misfortune at Lady
smith or the extent of the Boer Invasion
of British territory." said Mr. Balfour. "is
not such as need by itself frighten even
the most timid."
In defending the artillery equipment he
said: v j i '
"Do not believe your soldiers are sent
to the field with a worse gun than France
or Germany would use in similar circum
stances. The guns supplied to Sir George
White were Intended for a mobile force,
not for the defense of a beleaguered for£
WHITE DRIVES BACK THE BOERS,
BUT LADYSMITH'S PERIL GROWS
VOLUME LXXXV\i\A:NT>A
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1900.
moment of storming. The gar
rison has been for some weeks
on short rations and has suffered
from disease. The chief point,
however, is the supply of am
munition at White's disposal.
Seventeen hours of almost con
tinual fighting must have made
heavy inroads upon his magazine
stores.
No force can stand unlimited
punishment, especially when
its rations begin to run short,
and it remains for Buller to
throw a great force across the
Tugela to relieve the town. If he
gives the Boers time to recover
from their unsuccessful attempt
to make a fresh attack upon
Ladysmith, the probabilities are
that the British prisoners in
Pretoria will have their number
doubled.
General Buller did not seize
the opportunity in the absence
of a great part of the Boer force
from his front to make a vigor
ous attack on either Colenso or
the positions upon his flanks. He
was content with a demonstra
tion, and shelled the Boer lines.
The British army of relief lost a
great opportunity, probably
through lack of transport and
water, which has compelled Bul
ler to divide his force and station
a large part at Estcourt, twenty
five miles from the front. It is
a question whether he will be al-
lowed another such chance. If he
is not, and the difficulties on the
Tugela prove insuperable, would
it not be best to transfer the
larger portion of it, possibly to
the west?
Such are some of the serious
problems which Commander-in-
Chief Roberts and Lord Kiteh 7
ener will have to face when they
set foot in South Africa to-day.
SOME GERMANS PREACH
WAR ON GREAT BRITAIN
BERLIN, Jan. B.— lt is not expected that
the speech from the throne at the open
ing of the Prussian diet will contain mat
ters of special Interest and the Reichstag
will reconvene without ceremony. From
an absolutely reliable source, however,
the correspondent of the Associated Press
learns that Emperor William will make
an important and sensational speech to
morrow night at the century festival of
the Berlin Technical High School. His
Majesty's remarks will be political, deal
ing especially with the naval question,
and will touch upon the sensation of the
hour, namely, the seizure of the German
vessels by British warships In South Af
rican waters.
In confirmation of the statement cabled
the other day that the Emperor has be
come thoroughly aroused over the con
tinuance of British action in this r.espect
the correspondent is Informed that he yes
terday told Geheimrath Mlessner, in tones
of deepest Indignation, what he had just
heard on the subject from Count yon
Bulow, adding: "Welche scmach."
Court circles here relate a number of
details showing .his Majesty's change of
mind as to Great Britain's policy and the
reports that England has sent out new
and more stringent instructions in refer
ence to searching vessels going to South
Africa are received everywhere with In
tense dissatisfaction.
ex-Congressman James Hamilton Lewis,
Colonel 'R. 11. Lindsay and others. The
feature of the evening was a fiery ad
dress made by Rev. Paul Kruger of
Hunts ville. Wash., who claims to be a
grand-nephew of Oom Paul. Resolutions
bitterly denouncing the course of tha
British in South Africa were passed with,
great enthusiasm.
FURTHER DISASTER
WOULD BE DANGEROUS
NEW YORK, Jan. B.— A dispatch to the
¦World from London says: The panic pre
vailing here is vividly illustrated by the
following from the Observer, ordinarily
the staidest of Union journals:
"The Government has two courses open
to It— it could prepare for the coming
storm by landing their passengers and
replacing them with effective men, or
they can drift. Drift being the habitual
policy of the elderly and obese, that
course will probably be pursued In thl3
case. Further military disaster will ex
cite the public feeling to a revolutionary
height. The Queen will be left face to
face with her people and a committee of
public safety will become the only alter
native of the present Ministry. The ex
penditure of millions on guns 13 a panic
expenditure, as the appointments of Rob
erts and Kitchener were panic appoint
ments."
The above was written before French's
reverse was known, by which the Boers
completed their record by defeatins every
British general sent against them.
The situation undoubtedly Is very grave.
It Is rumored that Parliament will be
summoned before the end of tills month.
MORE MEN AND GUNS
TO BE RUSHED FORWARD
LONDON, Jan. B.— England Is preparing
armaments, and twenty-two transports
will be on the way to South Africa dur
ing the present month. According to the
programme 25.000 additional troops and
seventy-two guns will soon be afloat. The
Government has ordered Vickers Sons &
Maxim, Ltd., to manufacture as many
4.7-lnch and 6-lnch quick-firers as can be
turned out until otherwise notified.
GREAT BRITAIN TO
GET GUNS IN ITALY
LONDON. Jan. 9.— The Rom© corre
spondent of the Dally Mail says: It Is
reported here on good authority that
Great Britain has ordered a number of
guns at the Ternl Foundry and that Senor
Broad, manager of the foundry, has prom
ised to deliver them with the utmost ex
pedition.
PRESIDENT AGAIN
ASKED TO INTERVENE
BERNE, Jan. B.— The executive commit
tee of the International Peace Society has
sent a telegram to President McKlnley
asking him to Intervene with a view of
ending the war In South Africa.
Buller Must Soon Move to the
Relief of the Beleaguered
Town or the Eight Thou
sand Defenders Will Be
Compelled to Surrender.
During the Fierce Fighting Recently the
Imperial Troops Routed the Enemy,
Once at the Point of the Bayonet, and
Joubert's Men Are Reported to Have
L-ost Heavily.
LONDON, Jan. B.— The War Office has published
the following bulletin from Genera! Buller:
"FRERE CAMP, Jan. B —The following is from
White, dated 2P. M. yesterday : 'An attack was
commenced on my position, but vvss chiefly against
Caesar's Camp and Wagon Hill. The enemy was in
great strength, and has pushed the attack with the
greatest courage and energy. Some of the intrench
ments on Wagon Hill were three times taken by the
enemy and retaken by us. The attack continued until
7:30 P M. One point in our position was occupied by
the enemy the whoie day, but at dusk, in a very heavy
rainstorm, they were turned out of this position at
the point of the bayonet in a most gallant manner by
the Devons. led by Colonel Park. Colonel lan Hamil
ton commanded on Wagon Hill and rendered valuable
service. The troops have had a very trying time and
have behaved excellently. They are elated at the
service they hsve rendered the Queen.
" *The enemy were repulsed everywhere with heavy
loss, greatly exceeding that on my side, which will be
reported as soon as the lists are completed.* "
LONDON, Jan. 9. — After
long hours 01 suspense,
during which it might be
said that the British nation
found itseh facing one 01 the
most senous dangers which has
threatened the empire in a cen
tury, news arrived yesterday just
before 4 o'clock ""that General
White had succeeded in beating
oft the Boer attack and that
Ladysmith. with its 8000 defend
ers, was still safe.
The sigh of relief which went
up from the crowd gathered at
the War Office was echoed all
over the empire, where the
news was immediately flashed.
Yesterday opened gloomy
enough. All the momincr papers
commented upon the critical sit
nation of White, and Buller* 5 in
ability to succor him.
On the Stock Exchange at the
opening there was a downward
movement ot prices all around.
Stocks were freely offered, but
there was no disposition to buy.
Consols relapsed most, and
home railway securities fell ap
preciably in some cases.
At the War Oftice both lob
bies were thronged with anxious
callers seeking information as to
the position of Ladysmith. As
the afternoon wore on a rumor
got about that Ladvsmith had
surrendered. Although it was
"¦¦¦ ¦¦. ..¦¦ ¦¦ :,¦ J
not given credence, still the re
port sent a shudder through the
waiting hundreds. But this feel
ing, akin to despair, gave place
to enthusiastic relief when the
official telegram chronicling the
victory of General White's forces
was posted.
All the wild rumors of the
morning melted into nothing as
White's cheering words, "Ene
my repulsed even-where," passed
from lip to lip.
According to the official re
port, which is the only news re
ceived so far,, the battle raged
for seventeen hours. It began at
a quarter to 2 o'clock Saturday
morning and did not end till
half-past 7 in the evening. Some
of the British intrenchments on
Wagon Hill were taken three
times by the Boers and as often
regained by the defenders.
One point of the British posi
tion, which General White does
not specify, was occupied by the
Boers during the whole day, but
at nightfall, under cover of a
heavy rainstorm, the Devonshire
Regiment succeeded in turning
them out at the point of the bay
onet. Possibly, as the Devon
shires were stationed at Help
makaan Hill, east of the camp, it
was that position that was the
scene of their exploit.
The chief Boer attacks were
directed at Caesar's Camp and
Wagon Hill, which were defend
ed by the Manchester Regiment
and Gordon Highlanders. Com
ing from the south, perhaps by
way of Fourcs Spruit, the Boers
assaulted three times vvitti the
greatest obstinacy and vigor,
sometimes obtaining a foothold,
and again falling back before the
British bayonet charge.
Meanwhile the latter, as com
mando after commando came up
from Colenso to reinforce the
fighting lines, gradually spread
over the whole circle of intrench
ments. including without doubt
the great Boer forts on Mount
Isimbuhvana and Lombard's
Kop. It is possible that Com
mandant Joubert had at least
20.000 men.
While White has obtained a
breathing spell, the seriousness
of his situation is by no means
lessened. In fact his position is
shown to be more critical than
the official reports and newspa
per dispatches had previously in
dicated.
The mere circumstance that
such an attack could be made
and pressed home with the ut
most determination proves that
the Boer forces in Natal have be
come something more than
groups of armed men; that
they are an army in a true sense,
ready to assaail as well as to de
fend.
To have recaptured the posi
tions from which they had been
ousted at the bayonet point is an
achievement that was not ex
pected of these Transvaal farm
ers.
Unless General Buller can
shortly give help, Ladysmith
garrison must succumb in the
end. There are no instances in
recent wars where a besieged
and surrounded force has suc
ceeded in extricating itself by its
own efforts.
As is well known, the British
positions at Ladysmith are by
nature weak. Both the town
and British camp are open to al
most every point, and the long
range guns of the Boers are able
to play with terrible effect upon
the defenders up to the actual
p^ce/five cents
Graphic Story of the Defeat of
General Buller While Trying
to Cross the Tugela River
and Advance to the Relief of
Ladysmith.
British Troops and Their Officers Alike Dis
played Unusual Bravery, but They Could
Neither Overcome Nor Withstand the
Annihilating Fusillades Fired by the
Hidden Boers.
LO>DOi\\ Jan. 9. — A rumor was current here last
night that General Buller had crossed the Tugela
River, captured twelve guns and was marching on
Ladysmith.
LONDON*. Jan. S.— The first account
giving an adequate explanation of
General Puller's defeat at the Tu
gela River cor/ies by mail from Ben
nett Burleigh, the Daily Tele
graph's correspondent. It appears that
the battle orders drawn up by General
Clery provided for the efficient support of
the artillery by Hart'?. Barton's and Dun
donald's brigade?. General Hart missed
his way. Lord Dundonaid failed to sup
port, and General Barton got part of his
forces in an untenable position. Colonel
Long with the artillery outpaced the es
cort of the guns and they were lost.
Briefly this seems to be the story of the
Tugela River. But through graphic col
umns there continually recurs the discov
ery of the unexpected intrenchments and
the awful fusillade from hidden Boers and
gallantry surh as has seldom marked
British "battle fields.
After describing how the British force
began their advance at daylight and how
the Boers left them absolutely unmolest
ed, the correspondent says:
"At 6:2u there suddenly burst an awful
crash cf Boer musketry upon the batter
ies and advancing Infantry. The rattle of
the Mausers swelled and was maintained
as one continuous roar. From the build
ings and lines of trenches south of the
river and from the river bank Itself the
Boers rired at our gunners and footmen
and from the trenches on the northern
side of the Tugela River and Fort Wylie
and elsewhere they sent out a hurricane
of leaden hail, and bullets venomously
rained on the ground in all directions,
raising puffs of dust and tearing through
the air with shrill sounds. Few have ever
seen so heavy and so deadly a fusillade,
but neither the British trunners nor the
infantry hesitated or winced. Cannon
were wheeled Into position, although
many of the horses and men were shot
down ere the maneuver was completed,
and our indomitable soldiers walked erect
and straight onward. Not even Rome in
her palmiest days ever possessed more
devoted soldiers. As the gladiators
marched proud and smiling to meet death,
so our soldiers, doomed to die, saluted,
and with alacrity stepped forward to do
their duty— 'Glory or the grave." Anglo-
Saxon soldiers always advance that way.
I asked an American who had seen war
fare in Cuba and Manila if his own coun
trymen generally did this, and he an-
swered, *Yes; It Is marvelous, but waste
ful.' Closer and closer walked the soldiers
to the Boer trenches until within 400 yards
of the nearest rifle pits. Then lying down
they returnee', the fire, but there waa lit
tle or nothing to aim at.
"The Irish Brigade had driven the Boers
to the north bank of the Tugela. They
found that the enemy had planted the
ground with barbed wire. Even In the
bed of the river barbed wire waa laid
down. Into the water went the Dublin
Inniskillens. Borderera and Connaughts.
but it waa found that the Boers had
dammed the river at the ford, where or
dinarily It was but knee-deep. They
strove to find the crossings, and many a
fine fellow with his weight of ammunition
and accouterraents was drowned. It was
a desperate and Ferious situation. The
attack on the right was making no pro
gress and the hearts of the men had
reached an apparent Impasse. But there
were furious and angry Irishmen who
had determined to get across somehow.
By dint of scrambling from rock to rock
and swimming a number won the other
Bide. Yet most of them found that they
had but passed across a winding spruit.
The Tugela still lay in front and all the
while the murderous fire of cannon and
Mauser crashed and comrades fell welter
ing in their blood.
"In the meanwhile Colonel Long had lost
his guns and Generals Buller and Clery
wlth their staffs and escorts had ridden to
the scene. The spouting hall of Iron and
lead sputtered and snapped and the dust
puffed more than ever. Lord Roberts' son.
with Captains Schofle!A- and Cocgrrove.
volunteered to ride out and endeavor to
save the two field batteries in the open.
ReadiJy other volunteers were found.
Corporals from the line, men and drivers
of the ammunition wagons taking spare
teams galloped out. and men and horses
again began falling on every side. Your.jj
Roberts' horse was blown up with, a sheli.
Congrove was hit by a bullet and hla
clothes were cut by other missiles. Scho
field alone escaped untouched. Across that
valley of death quickly the surviving ani
mals were rounded up and the guns were
hooked and dragged away. Again an at
tempt was made to rescue the remaining
gun. but the Boer fire was incessant and
withering. At 4 the battle was over.
"General Buller abandoned the guns
and retreated."
The San Francisco Callweakness.
Huayan corrects all these symptoms.
Nerve-weakness in women Is usually da<» to
• female complaint. Ku.lyan reaches the seat
lof the trouble. Hudyan cures pain in back,
bearing-down pains, irregular periods, painful
periods, mucous discharge and all chronic In-
flammations and ulceratlons. Hudyan. you see
removes the cause, thereby making 'th- cure
permanent.
Hudyan is for weak. pale, emaciated iruffer-
lng women. It restore* to such women a glow
of perfect health; it cures permanently.
Hudyan la for sale by druifßist-!— soc a pack-
ag» or six packages for %Z M.
If your drusßlst does not keep Hudyan s»nj
airect to the Hudyan Remedy Co.. corner Stock-
ton, Ellis and Market sts.. San Francisco. Cal.
VnMQTTTT* Consult f ree tho
tUISibULI Hudyan Doctors.
FREE. Calt or write to
j ? + them.
ilTo TAKE ADVANTAGE of ~*
(OPPORTUNITIES is your duty
s Notice the Reduction In Pirst-Cla« a
JTallor-Aiade Suits:
| $17.50 Pack Salts. JTN
• 123 Frock Suits, - * }
f22.50. >~J&*&%
SJ3O Prince Albert Sulti. resoi / /*V>
; $35. iTW/ I \3
jJ« Full Dress Bulta. Ji 'W, IVj
«40. W\ I LU
125 Overcoats. I » |
*5 Pants. «< ; j\ I
ifceMAm ifjpi
I 1110-1112 Market St.. H )|U
| 201-2C3 Montgomery St.. Dij |M
• SAN FRANCISCO. jtf-ifJM'
I 1011 Washlnsron St., JLj! ' Vv : '
} OAKLAND. -^*^ V
«• For six years I \v«a a victim of d ya- ¦
pepaia in its worst form. I could eat nothing j
but milk toast, and at times my stomach would :
not retain and digest even that. Last March I •
began taking CASCARETS and since then I
have steadily improved, until Ismu well as I
ever was Id my life."
David H. Mcrfht. Newark. O.
T3AOI MAX* mtOtSTtXtO _^t<^
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good Do
Good. Never Sicken. Weaken, or Grips. K)c 23c", Jflo.
... CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
Bt.rli»« U.m,4. r»f Hf, C kl»f •. Montr,. l, .¦»,» T«*. Sll
ho-to-sac ffitf^sasssa^s, 1 "
OTIS SEEKING TO
END CORRUPTION
Warning to the Officers
of His Army.
BRIBE-TAKING MUST CEASE
STERN PUNISHMENT AWAITS
OFFENDERS.
Commanding General Admits Thai
Hen in High Positions at
Manila Are Getting Rich
Too Rapidly.
Fp"-ia! r>is;*tch to The Cah.
MANILA. Jan. 9— General
Schwan ha? occupied Silang and
Indanjr. Cavito Province, me^tiiig
with but siipht resistc-nce. He cap
tured three guns and a quantity
of ammunition. The roads in that
eociinn are very heavy. General
Wheaton is at Porez das Marinas.
CALL UEADQfARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Jan. 8 —
Major General Otis has Issued a pencral
order designed to prevent the acceptance
ot bribes or gifts by persons holding po-
Fitlons in the m—itary and civil service? In
the Philippines. A copy of the order
specifying the character of complaints
•which have been submitted to him has
been received by the War Department.
This is the text of the order:
Alkged. ca*e» of bribe-taking, of acceptance
of i- ¦ ¦ !- froru inferior* and of like misconduct
by persons holding positions in the military
ut civi: service have of late been bruticht to
the attention of th«-s* headquarters. It ie re
ported that parses are obtained jtnd transferred
lor a money consideration; that comj^ni-ation
1s made for transportation uf peraofu and
things on public conveyances or conveyances
controlled by the public to officials unauthor
ized to receive it and for their own benefit.
t that contributions are solicited, if n<jt »x
ficted. and stt any rate received from subor
dinates for the purchase of presents to su
periors.
The commanding general Is onnstraJned to
tht belief that these reports, which are in
the nature of general complaints and <lo not
relate to fin'cine offenses, have a more or le.-s
FUbsiantlal foundation. The evil. corrui'tin«
end far reaching in its effects, appear* to have
reached a stage whkh renders its suppression
with a e;rung hand imperative. Commanding
officers, heads of departments and others e\
•rcisln* control are directed to lend their be*t
endeavors t* this end. They will be held re
•poneible. each within his proper sphere, that
nil reports and allegations of offenses of this
tiature are rr.<twd to the bottom and when
?<>niid to be. sur>iv>rted by evidence that of-
J«ifl»rß are brought to justice.
Apart from the gn>ss Impropriety which such
acts manifestly involve, acceptance of gifts
from Inferiors by superior* is repugnant t >
section :7M. Revised £tatute«<. rtlrh prohibit*
Incumtier.ts of superior position* from receiving;
"any gift or present offered or presented to
them as a contributirwi from per»i>n<= in er»v
•¦rnment employ r»-oelv!r:jr a les* nalary than
themseivee." The obvious purpose of this law,
fes construed by the I'nited State* Supreme
•"¦>urt. la the jrf-otection of employes in the
«!iscli«nr* «»f their official duties and the main
tenance of proper discipline in the covmimMit
service. If contributions from those In publi.
employment can be solicited by others in offi
cial authority a rr-que*t In name may in effect
lw>"ome a demand, failure to mM which is
likely to aroujf resentment in officials having
l>o«-er of removal, and the feeling of security
1n Eovernmrnt employment so conducive to
the twrfonnanec of faithful servlr*.. i s thus
¦senouslx shaken. If not entirely destroyed.
3 * J _^
Its least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clean are comfort-
able.
PTOMAINE POISONING
ON THE RIO JANEIRO
WASHINGTON, Jan. B.— Commissary
General Weston has received the reports
of the officers in charge of the Thirty
first Infantry while on board the trans
port Rio Janeiro upon the alleged poison
ing of the men through spoiled meats.
The report of the regimental surgeon, C.
W. Frye, has already been published to
the effect that the poisoning resulted
from fresh and not canned meat.
The other report Is from Lieutenant
Colonel Plummer. He states that 289 men
were made sick on October 22 and 23
after leaving Honolulu bound for Manila,
and one man died. This was the result of
ptomaine poisoning from the condition of
the fresh meat eaten. From the experi
ence, of the voyage.. Colonel Plummer rec
ommends that meat for the use of the
troops be packed by persons expert in
packing fresh . meats for long voyages;
also that officers of the quartermaster's
and commissary's "departments be occa
sionally sent on the transports to acquire
experience.
General Weston haa forwarded the re
ports to Major Baldwin, the commissary
in charge at San Francisco, to develop
other facts relative to the responsibility
for the condition of the meat
AWFUL CONDITIONS IN
FAMINE-SWEPT INDIA
Starving Parents Sell Children to Ob
tain Food, or Abandon Them
to Die of Hunger.
NEW YORK, Jan. B.— The latest mail
advices from India aver that the situa
tion there grows darker every week.
Three million are working on government
relief works. The sale of children by
starving parents is becoming common.
Families are breaking up, each member
for himself. In search of food. Abandoned
children are found with frequency. It Is
a famine of water as well as food. Cattle
are dying off by thousands and no rain is
expect*>d until June. ¦ ¦'> •¦ ¦ ¦ • :
Indian Thieves Captured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.' " . : . '
YREKA. Jan. B.— Under Sheriff : ;Martln
cleverly effected the capture of two bad
Indians this 'morning at Edgewood. The
Indians were from the Klamath'reserva
tion, where they broke Jail . Friday night
and stole two horses. They made their
way into this county, sold the hordes and
took the freight train for the south. They
were brought back here from Edgewood
and turned over to the Indian police, who
were awaiting to take them back to the
reservation. •
PILING UP EVIDENCE
TO CONVICT MOLINEUX
Expert After Expert Declares His
Hand Addressed the Poison
Package.
s NEW YORK. Jan. B.— The developments
In to-day's proceedings in the trial of
Roland B. Molineux for the murder of
Mrs. Katharine J. Adams brought the
hope that the prosecution would get
through with Its case by the end of the
present week. Three witnesses gave Im
portant testimony.
Morris Hermann, a member of the firm
In Newark for which Molineux was
superintendent, said that the firm of
Morriß Hermann & Co. went into the dry
color business In 1596 with Molineux as
superintendent, and it was upon the
latter's knowledge of dry colors and
chemical recipes that they started to
work. Evidence was Introduced last
week to show the ease with which
cyanide of mercury, the poison which is
alleged to i»ave killed Mrs. Adams, could
be produced by a combination of dry
colors.
Edward B. Hay of Washington testi
fied as an expert In handwriting. He gave
it as his opinion that the letters signed
"Barnet" and "Cornish" and the ad
mitted handwritings were written by the
Bame person. .»ie also said that the ad
mitted handwritings and disputed writ-
Ings In the "Barnet" and "Cornish" let
ters and that of the poison package ad
dress were all written by one man and
that man was the prisoner at the bar
Alfred H. Graham, paying teller of "the
Bank of North America, testified to hav
ing received the writings In evidence in
the case and carefully studied them, -lie
paid that there was absolutely no doubt
in his mind that the address on the
poison package and that on the boeus
Barnet and Cornish letters were all writ
ten by the same hand that wrote the ail*
mltted letters. au "
MOLINA REPRIEVED.
Mexican Government Interferes in
Behalf of the Prisoner
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. J an "g _YBa.Y 8a .
Bel Molina has been snatched from death
almost at the eleventh hour. If the ma
chinery of the Mexican republic had not
been tset In motion by powerful friends
Bakersfleld-g murderer would have been
hanged on Friday next. Late last nicht
a message was received by Warden
ARUirre from the Governor orderln" a
stay until April 6 This will probably
mean a commutation of the death sen
tence.
President Diaz spnt a message to Presi
dent. McKlnley. who ordered Governor
Gage to reprieve Molina pending an in
vestigation, and to notify the prison
authorities. Molina was notified this after
non by Hangman Arbogast that he might
leave, the death cage. Molina showed no
surprise and throwing on his coat fol
lowed the man whose hands might have
placed the rope on his neck
Reduction at Mare Island.
\ALLEJO. Jan. B.— Thirty-five employes
of the construction department at Mare
Island weie discharged to-day on orders
from Washington.
RECENT SKIRMISHES
REPORTED BY OTIS
WASHINGTON. Jan. B.— The War De
partment has received the following from
General Otis:
MAXILA. Jan. S — Bates Is pursuing: the
enercv in the south with vigor. Sohwan's col
umn, moving along the sh«re of Lacuna di»
r*ai. «ruck Sno insurrectionist!" under General
Noriel at Uinen on the €th Instant and drove
them wertward on Fllang. They captured the
p!a~e. from which point cavalry pushM
thrrugh to Indanp Pchwan captured thr«» of
Norie!» til plec<=» o f artillery and will take
the remainder. He also captured Norlel'a
transportation, with records and a large quan
tity of ammunition.
Twr. battalions of the Twenty-eighth, a part
o( \\ beatoa'a column, struck th« enemy near
Imus yesterday, killing and wounding li'n.
Blrkheirr.er. with a battalion of th«> Twenty
eifl.th. struck the enemy" intrenched we*t ot
Eaci>or yesterday morning. The enemy left on
the field rixtr-Avc dead, forty wounded and
thirty-two rifles. Our loss thus* far was Lieu
tenant Cheney. Fourth Infantry', and four en
lifted men killed and twenty-four enlisted men
wounded.
It if exi>ecle<l that Schwan's troopF will cut
off the retreat of the enemy's <"avlte army.
\Vfc<-a:on If moving to-day on Pas Marinas.
Boyd. with th<> Thirty-s=ev«nth Infantry,
moved east from Iyo* Ban'>s. xurrounded Gen
eral RlFal «t tayttS&t, c*pturln(? Rlsal and
contideraUe proiieriy. It U expected Oavite
and Eantangus pn-vtnees will be cleared up
coon.
In the north Leonhauser, with three com-
I'anU-c of the Twenty-fifth, attacked rntiber
fcands in the Aiayat Mountains, dispersed
them, destmyt-d their barr.-u-ks and subsistence
*n<s frund th»>re n\e of cur prisoners, whom
they had pirk*-d up on t?ie railroad. Three of
the prisoners were kil!fi and two seriously
wounded. These northern robber banas will
be pursued. OTIS.
NAMES OF THE RESCUED
AMERICAN CAPTIVES
»flßiu.M>i>)A, Jan. *.— Tne following
cablegram ha« l»«>en r^celw-d from Gen
eral Otis under date of Manila. January
7: "Admiral Watson has cabled the names
of the reseuf-d naval prisoners — one offi
cer and eleven men. The remaining pris
oners, fourteen In number, are as follow**
"•¦iviiians-G. W. Lanpford. Manila;
David Brown. Su Paul; J. W. O'Brien
I>ondon. T^
"Sol'JKrs-Ceorge T. Hatchftt. Company
H; Archie L Gordon. Company X third
IrTar.try: William Bruce. Klmer llonev
rian. First Nevada Cavalry; Frank
fctone Inland S. Smith, signal corps: Al
bert Bishop. Company H. Third Artillery
Sergeant Frank McDonald. Company L
Twenty-first Infantry; Harry F. Huber!
hospital oorp*; Martin Brenr.an. Janet P
Curran. Sixteenth Infantry."
LIEUTENANT CHENEY'S
WOUND PROVES FATAL
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8.-General Otis
fc.TF cabled nf-ws of th*> dealh of First
J.iouter.ant Ward Chen#y,. Fourth Infant
ry. at lir.us yestftrday morning .from
•wour.ds received in a skirmish/ there.
PROMOTIONS IN THE
CORPS OF ENGINEERS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8-Th* appoint
ment of General William Lurtlow (lieu
tenant colonel. Engineer Corps. 1 ) to be a
brigadier general la the regular army
has caused the following promotions in
rhf Corps of Engineers: Ma.tor W H
Heuer. stationed Rt Snu Francisco to be
lieutenant colonel: Captain C McD
Steamer Glasgow Not Sunk.
LONDON, Jan. B.— The steamer which
was reported on Saturday to have sunk
«^ff Dungcnness, in connection with the
British steamer Ormuz. proves not to
have been the British steamer Glasgow.
Captain Leslie, from Buenos Ayres, for
Hamburg, but a coaster.
JACKSON'S DAY
TALK OF BRYAN
Free Silver His Leading
Theme.
OMAHA, Jan. 8. — "Jackson's day" was
appropriately celebrated in Omaha to-day
by the Jacksonian Club. Three separate
functions were down on the programme
and each was a distinct success.
The first was an informal reception held
at club headquarters this afternoon, at
which AY. J. Bryan, Congressmen Car
mack of Tennessee, Overmeyer of Kan
sas and Weaver of lowa and several other
Democratic lights were the guests. Mr.
Bryan was the center of attraction, and
during the two hours the reception lasted
several hundred Democrats paid their re
spects. At 6 o'clock a dinner was ten
dered Mr. Bryan and a few other notables
at the Omaha Club.
At 9 o'clock to-night occurred the annual
banquet of the club In the parlors of tha
Paxton Hotel. Covers were laid for 300,
and there were no vacant places. Gilbert
M. Hitchcock, editor of the Omaha
World-Herald and late candidate for
United. States Senator, officiated as toajst
master.
The speech of the evening was Mr.
Brian's in response to the toast. "Our
Nation." As the well known Lincoln man
arose to respond he was greeted with
tumultuous applause, and when he re
sumed his seat another ovation was given
him. He spoke in part as follows:
"If Southern white men." said he, "have
falsified, election returns they have the
stronger. If not the better, reason that
they are acting upon the same law ot self
defense that Insulted and outraged human
nature resorts to for the protection of
homes and families from a race that sets
at defiance all moral restraints upon their
brutal desires."
This evil, he thought, would end only
when the United States had provided a
home, for the negro race suited to their
traits.
The House to-day ordered two investi
gations as a result of resolutions intro
duced by Representative Lentz of Ohio.
The first is to be an Investigation by the
Committee on Postofflces and Postroads
Into the charge that two Federal ap
pointees of the President — Postmaster
John C. Graham of Provo City, Utah, and
Postmaster Orson Smith of Logan. Utah —
are under indictment as polygamists. and
whether affidavits to that effect were on
file at the time of their appointment.
The other Is a general Investigation of the
Military Committee into the conduct of
General Merriam and the United States
army officers during the Wardner (Idaho)
riots and subsequent there to. The House
adjourned until Wednesday.
LAND ARRAYED
AGAINST CLARK
Battle for Mayor's Chair
in Sacramento.
RESTRAINING ORDER SECURED
POLICE READILY OBEY ORDERS
ISSUED BY CLARK.
Opposition Alleges a Violation of the
Purity of Elections Law and
Hopes to Deprive the Mayor-
Elect of His Chair.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO, Jan. B.— Superior Judge
Johnson this evening granted a tempor
ary injunction restraining Mayor-elect
George H. Clark from Interfering with
tho duties of Mayor William Land. The
decision is a sensational climax to one of
the most remarkable days in the political
history of Sacramento. The Call this
morning told of the entrance of Mayor
Clark and a detachment of police into
the City Hall shortly after the midnight
hour and the ejectment from office of
Mayor Land and his attorney, Chauncey
11. Dunn.
The day hf»d scarcely dawned when
Chief of Police Ash was directed by
Mayor Land to suspend Orncers Fisher
and Naghel from the police force for their
participation in his ejectment. Last night
Chief Ash informed the officers of the
tenor of the Mayor's message, but they
refused to surrender their stars. Every
official in the city government was in
turn notified by Mayor Land of his claim
that he was still the administrative head,
but Mayor Clark was not asleep by any
means. Bright and early he was at the
police station with his attorney, Hiram
W. Johnson, and notified Chief of Police
Ash that he should recognize him as the
Mayor and pay no heed to the emana
tions of Land. At noon to-day, after
Chief Ash had taken time to ascertain
where he was at, he announced that he
would recognize Clark as Mayor.
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the newly
elected Board of Trustees, which forms a
co-ordinate branch of the municipal gov
ernment with the office of Mayor, met
and officially declared its recognition of
Clark as Mayor. While a message was
being read before the Trustees, in which
Mayor Clark spoke glowingly of the fu
ture of Sacramento under the joint ad
ministration of himself and the Trustees
complications were making in the Supe
rior Court four blocks away.
Scarcely had the Trustees entered upon
their session when Mayor Land filed a
suit in the Superior Court, contesting
Clark's right to hold office. The suit wa°
based upon section 3 of the purity of
elections law, which provides that no
candidate can claim office unless he has
filed within lifte«n days a full statement
of his expense* of election. Land claims
that Clark did not hie this statement in
the time speched by law.
, T . he ftUns of the suit was immediately
followed by an application to Judge John
son for a temporary injunction restrain
'"c lark from occupying the rooms of
tho Mayor In the City Hall and from In
terfering with Mayor Land's full and free
exercise of the duties of Mayor. Long
and eloquently the lawyers pleaded on
both sides. Authorities In great numbers
were produced In support of the contend
ing pleas. Judge Johnson listened patient
ly until long after the Courthouse had
cjoHed for the night, and shortly before 8
o clock granted the temporary injunction
asked for.
Although the injunction Issued by Judge
Johnson is but temporary in character,
its effect has been to completely demoral
ize the city government. Mayor Clark
this afternoon sent in tne nomination of
John E. Sullivan as Chief of Police, but
It is not probable that the Board of Trus
tees will fly In the face of Judge John
son s decree and follow Its determination
formed this afternoon, of recognizing the
title of Mayor Clark and the validity of
his appointments.
Said Judge Johnson to The Call cor
respondent to-night: "The injunction'
which I issued to-night is only temporary I
Mayor Clark can come into my court i
with his attorneys on a few hours' notice i
and argue for its dissolution. To-day's i
motion was ex-parte, and there was no!
need for the presence of Clark's at
torneys, but they were present through
courtesy. Ten days Is the limit in which
the matter of dissolving an injunction
may be presented, but I assured coun- i
sel that I desired to facilitate an early
adjustment of the difficulties and would
be ready to open court on three or four •
hours notice to accommodate them " i
Exciting as were the incidents of to-day
the developments of to-morrow are be- I
ing awaited with no less intense interest
About three weeks ago William H Brad- '
ley. who was a captain of police here !
four years ago, brought suit as a citizen '
against the induction of Clark, alleging i
that he was guilty of violations of the !
purity of elections law, In having Incurred
campaign expenses not Included in his of- i
flclal statement. This suit has been set
for-hearing in the Superior Court to-mor
row and it promises, in viow of the pres
ent remarkable state of affairs, to have
great, significance and interest. It has
been said that Bradley would "fall down"
whenxhe moment for action arrived but
Bradley Insists that ho will not, and has
publicly ' declared that If the witnesses!
upon whom he relies fail to respond '
some one will be likely to go to the penl- ;
tentlary. It is said to-night to be prob
able that a judge from some outside!
county will be chosen to preside In the !
case. It was upon the pendency of this ;
action that Mayor Land based his claim
for the continuance in office. He has
been advised by his attorneys that It his
duty to refuse to surrender possession of
the office until his successor has filed all
statements reaulred by law. Mayor 1
WAR QUESTION
IN THE SENATE
Pettigrew Arraigns the
Government.
ACCUSES IT OF TREACHERY
HIS CHARGES REPLIED TO BY
LODGE.
Senator Morgan, Discussing the Race
Problem, Deplores the Grant
ing of the Suffrage to
Negroes.
WASHINGTON. Jan. B.— During a dis
cussion to-day of a resolution of inquiry
offered by Pettlgrew of South Dakota,
some sensational statements were made
in the Senate regarding the attitude of
the United States toward the Filipino in
surgents. Pettigrew declared that the
Government had attacked Its allies, and
.thereby had been guilty of the grossest
treachery.
This statement was resented warmly by
Lodge of Massachusetts, who , declared
that .thla Government had done noth
ing of the. kind, and - that, not even
remotely, had. it recognized the so-called
Government of the Filipinos* t ¦ ,_'.- S
Morgan (D.) of Alabama discussed at
length the race question in the South,
baaing his remarks * upon a resolution
offered by Prltchard (K.) of North Caro
lina. He. maintained that to attempt to
force the black race into social and po
litical equality with the white race was
only to clog the progress of all mankind.
Morgan said that no great body of white
people In the world could be expected to
qwletly accept a situation so distressing
and demoralizing as was created by negro
suffrage fn the South. Morgan declared
that in many places in the South thou
sands of negro votes, In doubtful coun
ties, with little concealment were bought
for $1 each. >
Those who studied the money Question in
IM'B foresaw the danger threatened by the gold
standard and i>ointeU out that its permanent
establishment would involve us in every tlnan
cial disturbance hovering in Europe. But
thinkers were for the most part blind to the
warning. What do we see now? Notwith
standing the increased production of Kold a
few victories won by the Boers in South.
Africa have alarmed the same bankers and
they are now fearing a panic unless England
is Immediately successful. Their financial In
terests In England's triumph Is so great that
many of them have silenced their sympathy
for a struggling republic and are hoping for
the extension of the authority of a Queen.
If such agitation results from war between
England and a little republic what must we
expect if war ever breuks between two (jold-
Fiar.dunl countries of the Hist class? With
out financial independence this nation cannot
be independent either In its foreign or domestic
jtolicy; yet the Republican party Is even now
preparing to chain America like a captive to
Europe's eplden chariot.
. Tho«<e who studied the money question in
1896 also foresaw that the retirement of the
greenbacks was a part of the gold standard
plan. Many Republicans scouted at the Idea
and ¦ the President avoided every mention of
the matter in his letter of acceptance.
But now the scheme is belns unfolded and
the financiers are to be empowered to expand
or contract the currency at their will and for
their own pecuniary' advantage.
. Those who studied the trust question In IS9«
foresaw that an administration placed In power
by the aid of great monopolies could not be
relied upon to destroy the trusts, but many
who.cotUd not be convinced by argument are
now ' being convinced by the growth and In
creased audacity of the private monopolies.
Any one who has read hlitory or under
stands-human nature knows that one race can
not cross an ocean and dominate another race
without -keeping an army ever present to hold
the conquered race in subjection, and yet the
Republican leaden) thought or pretended to
think, .that, an Imperial policy would be ac
cepted by the Filipinos with delight.
The decision of the nation on the Philippine
question will b* an epoch-making deolslon.
We stand at the parting of the ways and must
choose between the doctrine of republics and
the doctrine ot empires. At this supreme orUls
In' our nations history we may well recall the
words of Lowell:
"Once to every man and nation cornea the
moment to decide
In the strife of truth with falsehood for the
good or evil side.
Borne great cause, God'n new messlah, offer
ing each the bloom or blight.
Parts the goats upon the left hand and the
sheep upon the right.
And -the choice goes by forever 'twixt that
darkness and that light."
THE INVESTMENT OF LADYSMITH.
SANTO DOMINGO
MUST APOLOGIZE
The Frenc."i Government
Adds to Its Demands.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Jan. !>.—
Besides the payment of installments of
money remaining due In the Boismare-
Caccavelli claims the French Government
has demanded an apology from Santo Do
mingo. An official dispatch to this effect,
was received by Secretary Hay to-day
from the American representative at
Santo Domingo.
The department has been advised of the
prospective arrival of a French squadron
in Dominican waters for the pur
pose of compelling Immediate compliance
with the French demands. Under orders
Issued several days ago, without refer
ence to the Frencn incident, the gunboat
Machias will return to Santo Domingo
from San Juan, whither she went for coal.
Upon his arrival about the middle of the
week at Santo Domingo Commander Lo
gan will consult with the American Min
ister for the protection of American in
terests.
The authorities have been advised that
the money r?quired to pay the French
claims has been collected by popular sub
scription, and the only remaining ques
tion to be settled is that. connected with
the demand for an apology. The Domini
can Government has not applied to the
United States to interfere, and there is no
disposition on tW part< of this Govern
ment to do so, though it Is learned that
the department went so far as to prepare
an instruction to Embassador Porter at
Paris, which; however, was not sent. It
is expected that the Jimlnes Government
will have to comply with the French de
mand and that the Incident will be settled
in a few days. The course of the new
Government is likely to have an important
effect upon its future, as it Is not be
lieved that the people will consent to
supine compliance. The authorities, how
ever, see no other way out of the diffi
culty for President Jimlnes.
The prospective prompt settlement of
the French claims has called the attention
of the authorities to the desirability of
securing action in American matters.
Minister Powell will receive in a few days
an Instruction to vigorously press the
Dominican Government for payment of
the remaining installment due in the Mc-
Kinley claim, and with the Machias In
the harbor the representation may be ef
fective. ; In view of the necessity of rais
ing money by popular subscription for the
payment of the French claims it is not
expected that immediate satisfaction will
be given, but dates will be specified upon
which the payments shall be made.
JIMINES RAISES THE
NECESSARY MONEY
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
atd. Copyrighted. 1300. by James Gordon
Bennett.
SANTO DOMINGO. Jan. B.— President
Jimlnes, who haa been at Macoris since
Saturday superintending the raising of
the popular subscription to pay the
Boismare-Caccavelli claim to the French
Government, returned this afternoon with
200,<>00 francs. The claim amounts to
isu.iXH) francs. As the popular subscrip
tion Is larger than the claim, the Do
minicans are rejoicing. The return of tho
President under such auspicious circum
stances was marked by patriotic enthu
siasm and a general flag display. The
French cruiser Cecille saluted the gun
boat on which President Jlminea re
turned. The gunboat answered the sa
lute. No steps have been taken by the
French Consul further than Intrusting
the case to Admiral Richard.
No disorders have occurred but popu
lar sentiment Is against apologizing to
France. People are urging the Govern
ment to prepare a Bystem of defense, as
the overthrow of the Government would
be menaced at the first evidence of weak
ness.
In raising the popular subscription
many ladies offered their Jewelry. One
Spanish and one Italian merchant have
Incurred the dislike of the people by their
failure to subscribe. Placards have been
printed urging a boycott of the two
firms.
The arrival of the French cruiser Ce
cllle created considerable excitement.
She reached Santo Domingo yesterday
afternoon, but did not salute as she en
tered the harbor.
The situation here Is tranquil and the
Government has urged the people to
show no hostility to France. It is re
ported that France will send two addi
tional warships to this island.
POUND WRECKED
Manuel Gazerio's Cows Found Their
Way Back to Pasture.
MILL VALLEY. Jan. B.— The life of the
pof.ndmastor of Mill Valley Is not a bed
of roses. Yesterday Constable Manner
rounded up Manuel Gazerio's cows and in
stalled them in the pound. This morning
the barriers had disappeared as com
pletely as though the earth had swallowed
them. Brokpn railings plainly showed the
manner of their exit, and a little expert
tracking on the part of Magner led him
to Gazerjo's pasture, where the released
animals were peacefully grazing.
When taxed with the destruction of the
pound and the seizure of the cattle,
Gazerio protested against Impoundment in
general and this latest in particular. A
warrant was issued for his arrest this af
ternoon.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Californians Oppose a Secret Hear
ing on the French and Jamai
can Treaties.
Special T>l;-patch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. B.— The Senate Com
mittee on Foreign Relations will be Kin hear
lncs on the French and Jamaican treaties on
Wednesday, and Chairmaa Davis announced
to-day- that Commissioner Kaseon and others
who were to be before It in advocacy of the
treaties would be heard by the committee in
t... utive session. The members of the C&ll
f. ro.a deification will protest against this, and
demand that the hearing's be public. Captain
Daniels, who Is here representing the Citrus
Fruit QroweW Association uf Southern Call-
t <. rnla, prole^ed to Senator Davis on this ac
tion to-day, and senator Perkins will to-rnor
rmv ask tue committee to make the hearings
; public.
\V. c. ltalslon. president of the California
j Miners' Association, gave a dinner to-night at
the Arlington Hot*-1 to the CaJnornia delega
tion and a few KUes-ls, Including Hfvresenta
live Xcwlar.ds of Nevada, s-enaturs Shouit,
Carter and Foster, ana Commissioner of the
Lind Office Hermann. The object of Mr. Ka.l
j non was to obtain united support on the De
Yries mineral lands bill. The dinner was a
! preat sucvess and all departed urging the pas-
I cage oi the bill and promising support.
| .senator Turner to-day introduced a bill pro-
J vidinc that all volunteer officers and soldiers
( who served ia the I'niltrpi.ies and who con
tinuej in tervloe after the time they were en
j titled to I* mastered out and were transported
; t'> the United Stales and mustered out at San
; Francisco shall be entitled to travel rates and
] commutation of nubsUtence at the rates al
| lowed army ufttcers.
Senator fcinion introduced a bill providing
I f< r the sale of unsold portions of the lands of
i the L'matilla Indian reservation.
•^enaur i'erkin* to-«la> presented to the
; Senate the resolutions of tha California L#egiß
1 lnture urging tlmt a portion of the vessels
[ built by the L'r.iuM States Government be con
' Mructed SX the rarious navy-yards. This res
; olutlon was unanimously adopted by the
| Vallejo Hoard of Trade, and is presented to
: the Senate at Its request.
W. O. Smith of Honolulu was to-day ad
l mltted to practice before the Supreme "Court,
en motion of Afßi-stunt Attorney General
! Maury. Mr. ?mlih was admitted to prac- ;
| tlce before the Supreme Court of California
jin IK?3. Charles li. Hlson of San Franoisco '.
; and Henry Clay nillon of l>is Angeles and
! Kenneth M. Jackson of Pitka, Alaska, were
j also admitted to practice.
Representative Needham introduced to-day
: a resolution authorizing the President to ap
| point to the military academy as additional i
: cadets at larpe in time to take the entrance
examination for 1?00 all commissioned officers
x\ In. servd !n the war with Spain. In the vol
1 unteer service, mid who were honorably dts- i
¦¦ charped. and who are within the age limit. '
; This is the measure In which Mrs. Edward A. j
i IVlden uT San Francisco has been particularly '
Interesting herself. If (>asaed It will benefit
' i,ev»raJ California officers and will add only
' about thirty to the number of cadets. He
. alFr> Introduced a resolution directing the Sec- I
rotary of War to examine the Fan Joaquln !
River above the mouth of the Stanislaus and j
report the probable cost of closing the mouths
; < f certain hlind ploughs with a view of ald
i lnp navigation and preventing floods.
Needham Introduced Ml!* Increasing the
tensions of John J. Mnrcher of Pan Bernar
dino to Uft, Patrick O'N«U of Pan Diego to
ten. and Th'>man H. H. Htbh* of Fresno to
K ft . and granting pensions to Pavid Webster
<>f National City an.l Jennie B Johnston of
Pan T>!eßf>: also a bill removing the charge
of desertion from the military record of C. F.
Hart week of Otay. Cal.
Senator Perkins ha« been designated a* rep
resentative of California at the presentation
<.t the IVwey lovlne-eup to-morrow.
Solon B. Patrick of Visaita an<\ John W.
Jriinston of Parramento have b<-en admitted
tn practice be'ore the Interior r>epiirtment. I
W. W Smiley w«u> to-d»y appointed Post- •
r.vifTer at Capetown. Humboldt County, vice I
P (Jiftcmlni. reri^ned.
The ooiftOfflre at TTiermal, Fresno County,
win be rtt«c>nttnued after January 15. Mall
should be sent to A.ut>*Ty. i
TVnil^ns for Cajifornlans— pripinal: Jona- !
thnn K. Miller, niverside. 16: Wtlllam N'el
f-n. Pan FranciMa, J6;; John tsl.' Pool (dead), i
Santa Rarbftra, $12: Ttan6otn it. Staples. Sol-, j
diem' Home. I>n!« Arnvtes, tS; TTiomas Roperg. j
Tx.* Ar.sele*. $6; Ellas O. Buttln*. Soldiers* j
Home. I-os Ancfles. %r,: John Harffer. San '
Francis--.-), Jl2: Genree M. Fetch. San Fran- j
cl«co. $8: John FVntrn. Soldiers' Home. Ijos
Anc*!e«. t\2: J"hn \V. Binirnam. Callahan. $12:
!>>u!!» Pavi«, Pan Fmncisco. $6: Andrew J.
Pwlft. Vallejo. fi. Prei-lal December 2?: Oscar
H. Helnroth. Elmhurst. »U.
Oregon — Original: Harlev G. Foster. Salem.
J€: John Webber. Sams Valley, $C. Original
vi|r!nw«. et<* : Pr-ecla.l December Z*. Louisa i
Ellen '-nTibeyt. St. Paul. JS. '
Wa*hin!rtnn— Original: William O. Simpson, !
Cliowelah. !€; William H. WUcox. Xorth Point j
IV Pamr>fif>n Cha-Iwick. Edwards. $<!; Phillip
M\ Ft Ice. Plorithouso. 16: Edwin A. Carpenter, I
Kllensbur?, J6. i
SENATE OPPOSITION
TO SAMOAN TREATY
Evidence That the Agreement Will
Not Be Confirmed Without a
Strugrerle.
WASHINGTON. Jan. B.— The Senate to
day took up the Samoan treaty in execu
tive pension, and after having it read from
the de=k Senator Davis, chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, made a
brU'f statement explanatory of the pro
visions of the treaty. While the state
ment was In progress Senator Pettlgrew
asked. "How many people the United
Etates had bought with the islands this
country comes into possession of by the
transfer?" Davis refused to admit the
applicability of the language to the trans
action.
Senator Bacon stated his opposition to
the treaty, and gave notice that he would
risk to be heard upon it when the treaty
was agn'n taken up.
The injunction of secrecy was removed
from the treaty. It has been publisl.ed
CANCER ENDS THE LIFE
OF MADAME BAZAINE
Noted Mexican Beauty and Social
Leader Succumbs to the Effects
of an Operation.
CITY OF MEXICO. Jan. B.— Mme. Ba
zalne. widow of the famous French mar
shal, who died in exile In Spain, died in a
private hospital In the suburbs of this
city, where she had gone for an operation
for cancer.
Mme. Bazalne was allied to many aristo
cratic families here. When Marshal Ba
xnine fell Into disgrace she adhered to hl«
fortunes, and on his Imprisonment she
plotted successfully for his escape..
WRECK NARROWLY AVERTED.
REDDING. Jan. B.— A. passenger train
wreck In tunnel No. 1, about a mile and
a half above Copley, was luckily averted
Sunday night. A tramp named IJaskln
son found the southern end of the tun
nel closed with earth from a landslide
He knew that the Portland and San
Francisco express, squth bound, was
nearly due. Once in the tunnel a terrible
loss of life was certain. He hurriedly re
treated from the tunnel, built a fife of
wood torn from the fences and awited
the arrival of the south-bound train. The
tramp did not know, however, that the
passenger was late, and that a special
train was to first pass over the track on
its way northward to Dunsmulr to get W
Yi. Mills of the land department of the
Southern Pacific to convey him to San
Francisco.
The southern approach to the tunnel Is
on a curve and Engineer Hollls was
within three car lengths of the obstruc
tion before he saw the mass of dirt and
rocks covering the track. Trowing on
the brakes and reversing the engine, he
and the fireman jumpr-d Just as the ob
struction was struck. They were unin
jured, but the engine was rendered use
less. Conductor Pierson sent the fireman
back to stop any north-bound train and
proceeded to walk northward to Kennet
to stop the passenger. Then the tramp
and the fire were discovered, l^asklnson
has been promised a reward. • . . .
Brakeman Injured.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. £.— Arthur Clo
pecks. a brakeman, fell from his train
near Gold Run to-day. His right arm
was broken and his right foot smashed.
He was brought to the Railroad Hos
pital, where hia foot was amputated.
INVESTORS WANT
AN ACCOUNTING
Mother Lode Company
About to Disband.
TOO MANY ASSESSMENTS
GRAND JURY ASKED TO IrTAKK
AN INVESTIGATION.
Experts Say That Paying Ore Is in
Sight in one of the Mines, bat
the Stockholders Have
Lost Heart.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Jan. B.— Considerable excite
ment prevails here on account of the an
nouncement that the Tuolumne Mother
Lode and Development Company 13 about
to collapse for want of funds to carry on
its operations. The company Is composed
almost entirtly of Fresno people and has
Its principal j4ace of business in this city.
The number of stockholders Is over 200.
Their interest in the corporation varies
from $^0 to $100 i). The company first start
ed to develop the Sell mine in Tuolumne
County, but was compelled to shut down
on account of the dry season. In the
meantime they began to drill in what i*
known a« Uig Oak mine No. 1. They have
now reached a point where experts claim
they will have to go only a hundred feat
deeper in order to «trike paying ore.
When it commenced operations the cor
poration had thousands of dollars con
tributed by the various stockholders.
Later the directors held a meeting and
bonded the mine to Captain Neville of the
Rawhide for $20,000 additional. A few
days ago they met again and levied an
assessment of 25 ctnta a share on tha
stockholders with the prospect of an
other levy of 50 cents in the near futura
in order to pay off the bonded indebted
ness.
The stockholders have refused to pay
the last assessment, declaring that it
amounts practically to confiscation. Of
the 42.000 shares 3_\u"0 are now delin
quent. The delinquent stockholders de
clare that they will not contribute an
other cent until the books of the company
have been experted and a thorough In
vestigation hail. They want to know what
the directors did with the money.
It is understood that the matter has
been placed In the hands of the Grand
Jury now In session. The directors of tha
company up to a few days ago were N.
W. Moodey, Jay Scott, H. E. Barnum. J.
L. Marble and Tom Brown.
Clark's attorneys, however, openly charge
Land with being at the back of Bradley'a
suit. His bond is J25.0U0 and last night
Mayor Clark offered him an indemnity
which he himself might select and
approve in the sum of $150,000 if he would
retire in favor of Clark.
If public opinion could utj sounded to
night It would unquestionnoly be found
In favor of Clark. Land was not a can
didate at the November election. Clark,
as the Republican nominee, ran against
R. D. Stephens, the Democratic nominee,
and by an immense majority defeated
him. Even those who opposed Clark's
candidacy were disposed to bow to the
will of the people and give Clark a fair
show to make for himsalf the record
which he had promised the taxpayers.
That he has been thwarted on the very
threshold of his career there can be no
doubt and disinterested citizens are de
ploring the present unfortunate circum
stances. It is argued that, even granted
that Mayor Clark has exceeded the limi
tations pet down by the purity of elections
law. he Is in no different position from
nine out of every ten candidates for office,
nor probably from those very officials
who are now urine: the law as an instru
ment to defeat the desires of the majority
of the voters of Sacramento.
T T p to a late hour to-nl^'ht the injunc
tion papers had not been served upon
Clark At to-r!srht's meeting of the Trus
tees the anointment of Sullivan by Mayor
Clark was rrcrived and the entire night
force of nnlire obeyed a summons or
Mayor Land to npnear at the session or
Trustees to keen order, but there was no
disturbance. The board declined to rec
ognize Lnnd as Mayor. The Injunction
of Judge Johnson will, of course, not take
effect until *ervod upon Clark.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1900.
Townsend, stationed at Rock Island, 111.,
to be major; First Lieutenant Robert Mc-
Gregor, stationed at Little Rock. Ark., to
be captain; Second Lieutenant F. W. Mc-
Alsuaetter, stationed at Wlllets Point, to
be first lieutenant; Additional Second
Lieutenant B, M. Markham, stationed at
Pt. Augustine, Fla., to be second lieu
tenant.
Long Sends Congratulations.
WASHINGTON. Jan. B.— Secretary Long
has addressed the following cablegram to
Admiral Watson:
WASHINGTON, Jan. ?.— Watson. Manila:
Convey hearty thanks to Harp and Howse and
congratulations to Gillmore and men.
LONG.
2
This map gives a blrdseye view of Ladysmlth and the vicinity, showing the several positions from which the
Boers are bombarding the town and camp, and the British lines of defense. Caesar's Camp, where the Boer assault
on Sunday was repulsed by Colonel lan Hamilton with his Gordon Highlanders, lies south of the city and Wagon
Hill to the west.
(Drawn from topographical maps and descriptions in the London Dally Graphic.)Steamer Gazelle Wrecked.
TAMPA. Fla.. Jan. B.— Word has been
received here that the steamer Gazelle
was wrecked last Wednesday night dur
ing a gale on a sandbar near Anna Ma
ria's Bayou. A passing steamer rescued
the crew.
Poverty would soon be an unknown
quantity If men could dispose of their ex-
perience at cost.
CHARGED WITH
STEALING HIS SOH
Police Are Looking for
George Mayhood.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Jan. S.— Mrs. Martha Mayhood
went before Justice Caldwell late this aft
ernoon and swore to a warrant charging
her husband, George F. Mayhood, with the
felony charge of abduction. At about 11
o'clock this morning Mayhood went to
Mrs. L. M. Eby's residence and took away
Claire, his S-year-old son. The warrant
was placed In the hands of Under Sheriff
Daly and Constable Allen, and up to a
late hour they have been unable to locate
Mayhood and his son.
This adds another chapter In the litiga
tion these two parties have had In the
Superior Court here In divorce proceed
ings, as It was but a short time ago that
Mrs. Mayhood was granted a divorce and
awarded $7C*' and the custody of the boy
that was taken away by the father to
day. The case has attracted marked at
tention throughout the city and caused
considerable comment to-night on the
streets.
Mayhood was at one time a buaines*
rrmn here. He went to the Klondike two
years ago. but returned last April. Since
his wife won her case in the divorce pro
ceedings Mayhood has felt very bad at the
outcome, and has been prompted to steal
away his son to have revenge. Public
sentiment Is with Mrs. Mayhood, as her
husband has continually annoyed her since
the divorce was granted.
BOUGHT DEER SKINS.
William TJlrich Accused of Breaking
Oregon Game Laws.
Er>*c'.a3 Dispatch to The Call.
ASHLAND. Or.. Jan. 6.— William Ulrlch.
• Fecretary and mar.ajrer of the Southern
Oregon Pork Packing Company at Med
ford, was tried on a charge of transport
ing deer skins last week, and acquitted.
Now District Attorney Watson has filed
another warrant charjrir.s him with buy-
Ing doer skins. Tho second trial Is set for
Thursday. La*t week six barrels were of
fered to the Southern Pacific Company
for shipment. Four contained "dried shin
bonf»s" and two "pork." according to the
shipper.
Th<^s»» artirl»<» r.ot bring claesif.pd on the
railroad tariff sheet the a^pnt was con
vinced something v.-as wrong, inspected
the barrels ar.d refused their shipment
They were tak«"n away, but a pc-arch war
rant failed to reveal th*»m at the packing
company's warehouse. There has bfen a
systematic breaking of game laws in
R^pur- lilvrr Valley this season and the
officers tire determined to stop It.
Enlarging the Normal School.
fjv^ial T'!*r<R*<*!i t*» The Ca'.l.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. S.-The board of trus
tcea of the Ran Dlrgo Normal School has
directed the ff-oretary of the heard to ad
vertise for bids for the construction of
the east wing of the building out of the
$45,000 which is available from the last
appropriation of the State Legislature.
The t-ntiro plan of the building is like
that of the Fine Arts building at the Co
lumbian Exposition. The central portion
was built with the flirt money given by
the State and row cne wing is to he con
rtmrf.-d with the second appropriation.
A third will he. needed to c«mpk:p the
bul'.dSng. The school already has rrcora
BtndestS than can be comfortably cared
for in the portions of the structure which
¦will tw» buiu this year, and the request for
a f urthrr appropriation will be made early
at the next regular session of the Legis
iature-
Killed by a Train
I.OS JLNGELES. Jan. B— T. Hagtfn. an
'nmato of the County Poor farm, was
killed by a train on the Tormina] road
Thin afternoon. Ho wa? standing on a
little trldpc n<- ar the farm and evidently
<li<\ not fop or !i<\ir the approaching train.
The engineer did not see him until too
late to stop the train.
Large Cargo for the Orient.
!! = r''" - !aJ Dispatch to The Ca.::.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. S.— One of the largest
cargoes ever taken from a California port
for the Orient was taken out of San Diego
last evening on board the Norwegian
ftcarr.tr Thyra of the California and Ori
ental line. She carries 3SOO tons of flour.
Knight's Will Filed.
MARTSVILLE, Jan. B.— The will of D.
E. Knight, the deceased pioneer, was filed
for probate here to-day by Attorney
Belcher. He declares all property com
munity, left to his wife, excepting the
following bequests: To a brother, John
1000 tons of nails. S6OO bales of cotton. 50
tons of wire and about 70 tons of miscel
laneous merchandise, including bicycles,
typewriters, rifles and drugs. It Is ex
pected that she will reach Yokohama
about the Ist of February.
m
COLOMBIA'S PRESIDENT
CALLED BY DEATH
His Demise Complicates the Political
Outlook and Insurgents
Become Active.
KINGSTON", Jamaica. Jan. B.— Advices
from Colombia received to-day report the
death of President M. A. Sanclemente,
which has created a new situation and
greatly complicated the political outlook.
The insurpent.s ar» making the most of
the changed conditions.
Additional calls for men and loans made
upon the state of Panama will. It Is
thought, likely provoke an open ad
herence to the revolutionary movement,
aj« was the case in I&SS. the present situa
tion being intolerable.
FIRE IN NEW MEXICO.
Commissary Store of the Clarkville
Mines Completely Destroyed.
GALLUP. N. Mcx.. Jan. ?.— At an early
hour yesterday morning the commissary
store at the Clarkviile mines, belonging
to Senator W. A. Clark of Montana, was
destroyed by fire. Besides the mer
chandise contained In the building the
offices of the company were there. Every
thing was destroyed but the contents of
the safe, which are intact. On the second
floor cf the building several clerks em
ployed at the mines were sleeping and
were only aroused in time to escape from
the burning building. One, Edward
Woods, fell from a window and sustained
serious Injuries. The property loss is
estimated at J25.000.
Sunday-School Anniversary
MONTEREY. Jan. B.— The fiftieth anni
versary of the organizing of the first
Protestant Sunday-gchool in Monterey—
and probably the first in California— will
be celebrated by the Sunday-school of the
First Presbyterian Church in this city on
January 14 next.
DALY'S COIN USED
TO UNSEAT CLARK
Battle of the Montana
Millionaires.
STATEMENT OF A WITNESS
SENATOR/S FOE SUBSCRIBED TO
PB.OSEC"CTIO:T FT7UD.
Ccramittee on Privileg-es and Elec
tions Continues the T.-rnTnirta.
tion cf Former Legislator
WMteside.
¦ ?
LOS A2CGELES. Jan. E.— State
Senator E. L. Matss of Anaconda.
Mont., arrived la the city this
morning. He has just returned
frcrn Cnina, Japan and Manila, He
Is here on pleasure and says ba will
go to Washington if summoned to
appear before the Clark Investiga
tion committee. He claims to have
evidence that Clark spent $500,000
to be elected,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Former State
6er.ator Whiteslde of Montana continued
his testimony in the Clark £erid.torlal case
before the Committee on Privileges ar.d
Elections to-day, lie was cross-examii:ed
by tx-Senator Faulkner. The examina
tion brought out the fact that Whitesiue,
as a member of the committee to inves
tigate the SUUe Capitol Committee, had
made a minority rejwrt charging corrup
tion, and he was iiiked it he had sug
gested to J. I. ilcCa.be that this minority
report couid be suppressed for t'^J'J. He
denied that such was tne casts. Baying
that his s*oJe purpose in underlaying the
exj><ji-ur^ of oiioery in tne Ltyisiiture
llia.l t^t-C'teU CiarK uui to yrottcl me good
i.uj^.t ot v.c itate,
"I dt-sired," lie said, "to have some one
accept money no as to expose the methods
ol Mr. Clark."
"i>Jd j <->.. >ecosae a friend of Mr. Clark's
fneiiUß lor tt;e purpo&e oi entiiippir.t
tiiem'.'"
"1 can't say exactly, but I suppose 1
did."
"In dolr.g this did you not know you
were &ssuini:.£ axi attitude of nisiiepre
tenuitlon?"
-I d:d."
••Was this r.ot a position of falsehood?"
"I can't say as to that, but 1 had to
:._:.• a. numoer of misrepresentations."
"What go you consider a lie?"
"1 consider it a misstatement to one
who has a right to kiiuw the truth— not
to one who has no riglu to know it."
Whueside taid lie aid not set how any
honest man could vote for Clark alter me
exposure of the committee of Investiga
tion, ajid said under pressure that the re
mark applied to the titty-four members
who cast their votes for that gentleman,
lie said in reply to a question that Mar
cus L'aly was an acquaintance of his, not
ii friend, though he should be ».«.a to
have him for a iriecd.
"Have you received $05,0 X) for this pre
tended exposure?" asked Faulkner.
"1 have not received $25,000 or any sum
for that service." the witness replied.
Relating to his conversation neld with
Senator Clark prior to the iatter's elec
tion, he said he was positive that Clark
liimself had said, among other things,
that State Senator Anderson could not be
influenced with mone\ like some of the
other members an<i that this statement
was not made by Welloome. as appeared
In the printed report of his testimony be
fore the Gra:id Jury of Lewis and Clark
County.
The witness paid the money to pay for
the present prosecution had been raised
by subscription, ar.d he understood that
Daly wa> one of the subscribers to the
fund. The cros=f?-examir.a.tion further
brerarfat out that the witness had no per
sonal knowledge of bribery in the case
of the three inejnbers iof the Assembly
who had been referred to.
Attempts were mad^t to bring out points
of difference between the witness" state
ments now and those made before the
Grand Jury. One of the questions brought
out a now statement from Whiteside that
his knowledge that bribery was going oa
was confirmed when a party to the trans
action took from his pocket a roll of bills
and eald:
"That's what we do busings wUh."
The cross-examination sought to bring
out the circumstances of an alleged meet
ing between the witness and an election
official who hfld the ballots in the election
in which Whiteside had participated. The
wltr.es? was asked If he had not offered
$1000 for the ballots. WhitoMde denied
that this had occurred and asserted that
he had proof to show that a person ha<3
b**n paid to make such a statement
against him. He said that a prnc ecm j on
institute against him in this connection
was due to prejudice and was inspired by
one of Clark's associates.
At one point Pettus r.f the committee
objected to having the witness "ba<;gpred"
by counsel.
Ex-Senator Edmunds of counsel ag'aln'st
Clark paid many of the questions had
be^-n imprcpr-r. but that they were not ob
jecred to. as the widest latitude was de
sired In testing the witness.
Whiteside then went over the circum
rtances <-»f his being authorized to offer
$5000 tn each of two memtiPr?. with $500
down, en condition that their vot^s would
be fortli<-orains: if drMred. He was closely
questiont-d en all the details.
The oroHP-rxaminatlon of Whiteside w*s
Ftlll in progress ¦* h<--n the committee ad
journed until 3^:13 o'clock to-morrow
morning.
BARKENTINE SUNK
BY A COLLISION
The William Carson Lost
Off Honolulu.
HONOLULU. Dec, SO.-The barkentlne
William Carson. Captain J. Piltz. w'th
coal from Newcastle, and the Island
steamer Claudine met in collision off Dia
mond Head on the night of the 27th inst.
The Claudine struck the Carson bow on
and the sailing vessel commenced to sink
In a few moments. When the Claudine
left her It was thought the wreck had
gone to the bottom, but the next morning
the hulk was recovered by tugs.
Both vessels had all their lights burn
ing. The steamer is said to have changed
her course to head directly for the bark
entlne just before the collision. Five min
utes later she left with the captain and
his wite and the crew of the sunken ves
eel, bringing them ashore.
Nothing was saved from the William
Carson. The crew had barely time to get
aboard the Claudine before the barken
tlne went on her beam ends. Mrs. Piltz,
with a rope around her waist, was as
sisted from the deck of the Carson to the
Claudine while the water arose around
the cabin of the Carson. She had to step
from the roof of the cabin Into several
feet of water on deck. The crew made
the same passage, leaving all their belong
ings behind.
The William Carson was less than a
year old. She was launched at Eureka,
CaJ., on the 3d of last June. From thera
she went to Port Blakeley, taking lumber
from that port to Australia. She left
Newcastle fifty-three days ago with 1350
tons of coal and a crew of thirteen. The
trip was an unlucky one from the start.
Fearful storms were encountered soon
after leaving Newcastle, and on the ninth
day out one of the men was washed over
board.
The unfortunate vessel arrived oft Koko
D. Knight. 51000; Albert J. Knight, a
brother, and his wife, 53000 each; Emily
Camp, a niece, $3000; Abbie Swift, niece,
J1000; Thomas Severson, Charles Peterson,
James Van Buskirk, John Sullivan, Frank
Swift, employes, each twenty-five shares
gas stock valued at $2500; RoMe Johnson,
a servant. $500; Thomas Pelrno. an em
ploye, twenty-five shares of Marysvllle
and Yuba City Street Railway stock; the
Ladies' Relief Society, Catholic Ladies'
Relief Society. Marysvllle Benevolent. As
sociation. $1000 each: A. C. Blngham. his
executor, $SOOO as compensation. A. C.
Blngham and Mary A. Knight are ap
pointed executors without bonds. The es
tate is estimated at $150,000.
BURNED IN HIS CABIN.
Body of Nelson Delavergne Found in
the Ruins of His Home.
SAN JOSE, Jan. B.— At 4:30 yesterday
morning the small cabin occupied by Nel
son Delavergne, an expressman, on Bird
avenue, was burned to the ground. When
a search of the ruins was afterward made
the charred trunk of Delavergne was
found. Death was probably due to acci
dent.
Delavergne had had many hemorrhages
of the lungs lately and on Saturday even-
Ing he had complained of feeling ill. As
traces of blood were found leading from
the cabin to the barn, it is supposed De
lavergne while attending to his horses
in the morning had a hemorrhage: that
he stagggered back to the cabin, over
turned a lamp In falling, and so set fire
to the building. He was unmarried and
64 years of age. His only relative is a
sister in the East.
Water Carnival Planned.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO. Jan. S.— Plans are ma
turing for a big celebration of Washing
ton's birthday by a water carnival be
fore the ships of war leave for their
summer cruises. The subject was broach
ed at a meeting of the board of directors
of the Chamber of Commerce on Friday
last, and a committee consisting of Simon
Levi, J. E- O'Brien and W. L. Frevert
was appointed to take charge of the
preparations. They will formulate a
plan and submit It to the directors at
their meeting to be held next Friday.
All of the action of the carnival will take
place on the water save the land parade
on the22d prox., In celebration of the day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALL, TUESDAY, JAISTUARY 9, 1900.
Head Just after dark. Captain Plltz de
cided that It was too late to approach the
harbor and sailed slowly along the coast.
Intending to remain outside and signal
for a tug In the morning. He was quite
familiar with the coast, having been her©
before many times. A few minutes be
fore the disaster he remarked to his wife,
who was on deck with him, that he would
have to stay up all night and loo* ofter
the vessel, being so near land. Mrs. Pi'.ts
went below to make coffee, and the Clau
dine hove Into sight before she returned.
The crew of the William Carson claims
an error was made by the navigator of
the steamer. The captain of the Clau
dine has yet to be heard from. The latter
almost passed the barkentlne It Is said,
and then suddenly changed his vessel's
course.
"Where are you heading for?" yelled
Captain Piltz as he saw the danger.
It was too late to stop the Claudine.
She struck the sailing vessel hard on Urn
starboard bow and the Carson began to
fill. The anchor chains of the two ves
sels were entangled. Boats from the
Claudine were lowered at once and thf
crew of the William Carson was called
up from below. There was a heavy swell
and the rescue work was no easy mat
ter. The captain and crew of the Clau
dine did very pood work at this stas?e
and by the time the William Carson*
decks began to go under all the endan
gered persons were In safety.
Those who were brought ashore from
the William Carson after her collision
with the Claudine were not far wrong
when they reported that she had gone
stralsht to the bottom. The sailing ves
sel sunk so far that her hull was com
pletely hidden from view. Four yards
sticking out of the water and the rough
nesa of the waves as they passed above
the hull were all that could be seen when
the tug Eleu found her.
The question of responsibility for the
d!saster will be Inquired Into by a board
to be appointed by the underwriters here.
The value of the "William Carson and her
cargo was about $60,000.
PJ^fcl BffjlJ jt-^EjIV j^VJ^j'Kf-lt tfVWiiffK^BHswBsi^SBBBB^SB,
After stock-taking we find a number of suits a^^S^^S^^^^H^
worth from $8 to $10 that should be selling faster.
to be kept as busy as possible, so we take these
suits, even though they are worth as much as $10, \^^^^Mi
They constitute a line of single-breasted sack IS^^^^^^^^^o
suits in good mixtures of strong, firm material.
With cloth and labor costing so much now we l^^^^^^^^^i
find that suits equal to these are worth $10. I^^^^l^^^^S
Sale will last until the suits are all gone; but, of * I^^^P^^BS
course, the first buyers can get their proper sizes il^^^^^^Hßi
and a big assortment from which to choose. Some l^^r^l fßii^
Suits are in the window. See them; judge i^^^ 111111
B k D W Kf 13 t% k* *J w"fl H I pit q £9 tj m cj 9 M" Kj j% B B~" D ft'SfcjjCTtjijffTJSJi KQ w4 l QBuflß
Money -saving opportunity for mothers — middy suits of blue fe^SiNii HP lH
cheviot, sailor collars, vestee and collar elegantly trimmed with five rows of /Iplifl Still
soutache, either in blue, red or black; ages 3 to 8 years; actual value $2.2^, Ilif!!
Ball and bat free with every boys' suit or overcoat
Out-of-town orders filled. Write us for illustrated catalogue No. 2.
TIB Market Street.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP BOOT.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT.
The Wonderful New Discovery la
Medical Science.
; SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL.
Fwamp-Root, discovered by the emi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist. Is
wonderfully successful In promptly"
curing kidney, bladder and uric acid
troubles.
Some of the early symptoms of tvealc
kidneys are pain or dull ache In the
back, rheumatism, dizziness, headache,
nervousness, catarrh of the bladder,
grave! or calculi, bloating, sallow com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under tha
eyes, suppression of urine or compelled
to pass water often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect ot
the famous new discovery. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root is soon realized. It standa
the highest for its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists In 50-cent and Jl
sizes. You may have a sample bottla
of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and a
pamphlet that tells all about It. Includ-
ing many of the thousands of letter*
received from sufferera cured, both sent
free by mail. Write Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Blnghamton, N. V., and please mention
that you read this generous offer in tha
San Francisco Dally Call.
\beeghams
lT*&tLlLjasi Constipation.
\ 10 cents asd 25 cents, at all tnt fftsres.
B— — ''
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and PpecUt
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Disease* of the* Kl<2»
neya and Bladder. Sell* on Its own merits.
NABER, ALJS & BRUNE. Affants.
XSI Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular).
S^SDR. HALL'S BEINYIGORATOR
*2£P*E£a Flva hundred nwird toe anr
p* ¦ I H| ease w« cannot ear*. ThU **er*t l
1 M * JP remedy stop* all losses In **
JECfI feffl hour*, cures Emissions, Impo-
Vyf'.i EvilT tencr. Varteoc*!*. Qoaorrho**,
jgj ii^i) Gleet. Fit*. Strictures. Lost
jCKSjjEi Manhood snd ali wa»tir.#; •B*etm
F —Z.~~=r^ of «el:-abus« or excesses. S«aC
sealed. II bottle: 1 bottles. IS: nuarantsed ba
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. US Broadwar. Oakland. CaL Also
for sal* at 10T3S Market St.. 8. P. All private
diseases quickly cured. Sand for fr— book.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
Ifc^ Steamers leaf* Broadway
I6a*^. wharf. Sin Francisco:
1 Wgar.3rt*k Fcr Alaskan ports. 10 s>. m..
teissfw»t*&. Jan •• n - "• 21 - 26 - 31 - r - tx -
rßK MfffiSk* *¦ Change to ccrr.jan7'»steam-
I ESoXf^Tnl •« at Seattle.
1 SGSZi-ftggtt - For Vlct-iria. V^ncwiTW
Jr^^BSllSaN (B- C.). Port T'wrnfTid, Seat-
tie. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
<Wash.). 10 a. cv. Jan. t.
1L 1« n. 2«. 81. Feb. 5. and every fifth dar
thereafter- change at Seattle to this company s
steamers for Alaska an<l O. N. R'y.: at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y-: at Vancouver to C. P. R y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 1 p. m . Jan.
» 14. 19. 24. 23. Feb. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. _
For Santa Cms. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford tSan Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los AneelesO and Newport. 9
a. m.. Jan. 7. 11. 15. 13. 13. V. 21. Feb. i. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Dle*o. stopptng only at Port Har-
ford (Sun Luis Ob!spo>. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Lcs Aneeles) 11 a.
m.. Jan. 5 9. 13. 17. 21. 23. 29. Feb. i and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d»t
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La. Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Ith of each
month. _,
For further Information obtain company's
Tha' company reserves the right to en» n «*
steamers. *allln? dates and hours of salllnx
without previous nntire.
TICKET ofFIOB —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN'S & CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San FranctscoL
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
r>TFPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
T> O IR T 31. .A. IsT ID
From Srn-ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr £12 First Class Including Berth
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 8. IS. 28; Feb. X. 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA^saI^..^..^..... fi
"short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all pntnts East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
«30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NIW TOaK. SOUTHAMPTON, L05D05, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork ev»ry Wednesday. 19 a. m.
Ft. Paul Jan. 171 ft Paul Feb. T
New York Jan. ?« N«w Tork.~ Feb. U
St. LouU Ja«v S\l3t. LcatJ..— rA XX
RED STAR LINE.
New York, arjd Antwerp.
From New Tork every Wednesday. IS noon.
Aragonta Jan. IT IWesternland ••••Feb. T
Frlesland Jan. 24 Kensington Feb. 14
Southwark Jan. 31 INoordland F«b. a
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbael. Dawson City-
For full Information regarding freight aa4
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMFANT.
JO Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
toyTkisen kaisba.
STEAMERS WTLL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. ra..
I for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARTJ Tuesday. Jan. H
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. »
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. Mar. T
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freUht and passage apply at company! office.
! 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
@^fffl^s? Th » s - S- Australia
• JrM"**"' 1 * for Honolulu
w1"w 1 " Wedn-wSay. Jan. 13.
¦ 19C0. at I p. m.
>\f33rrchtPj/.) 3- s - Moana s«n» vi%
CXuCllO!!!^ Honolulu and Auckland
/^rr,C\?nJL.for Sydney Wednesday.
t Jan. ?4. at I p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Fsmoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
' England, etc: $610 first class.
i. v. ai'ncCiifcLS & oP.Ls.CO.. Agts.. '14 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Oflce.327 Market St
COXPAQHIS GIHEHALE TRAN3ATLASTI3CS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Paillr.K every Thursday lnstcarl of <J\jTT_*^
1 Saturday, from November 2. 1333. at
110 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
I Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. Jan. 11; LA
, AQUITAINE. Jan. IS: LA CASCOGNE. Jan.
! 25: LA NORMANDIE. Feb. 1. First-class to
I Havre. JCO and upward: 5 per cent reduction oa
i round trip. Second class to Havre. 145: 5 per
' cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL.
i AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York* J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
j CAPE NOME.
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATE 3
apply CAPT. W. E. NESBITT. 51S Market.
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON-. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. ra.: S:l5, S:3O p. m. (ci. Thurs. night): Frl-
i days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
! Pier No. 2. Telephone Mala 15CS.
, FARE ••• W»
3prevail the board should propose an amend
ment to the charter exempting all munici
pal bonds of San Francisco from local taxa
tion. The charter now exempts bonds is
sued for the purpose of acquiring public util
ities under that instrument.
It will be the duty of the Board of Public
"Works to construct buildings and sewers
and the duty of the Park "Commissioners to
lay out. Improve and maintain the lands
acquired for park purposes.
Water and Light.
It Is the duty of the Supervisors in the
month of February to fix water rates for
consumers of water in San Francisco and
also the rate for gas and electric ltirhttnir
to be paid by private consumers and by
the city for the Illumination of streets ami
public buildings.. The decisions of YhV courts
In recent years have established thla doc
trine: That the companies are entitled to\
•'fair return uson the reasonable value o*
their property at the time it is belne use«l
for the public." They should recefve a fair
f 3^,. »* n VST °" euch inv<> «ment so de
termined, their operating expenses and their
{"«••. It ie. therefore, incumbent upon the
board to Institute a searching invest ' Ration
to ascertain the value of thf properties To"
the companies in use at the present time
and whether their operating expenses are
reasonable and not extravagant. The char!
¦JS«SS?«™ n the flnanc<? committee e^l
ifi»7 *»*•«•¦*» an Inquisitorial body.
The pledge given by this board to the pe£
ting policies Into force and effect, and tho
Mayor should not interfere unless there be.
an abandonment on the part of the commis
sions of Fuch policy or If flagrant abuses
creep Into the administration. The Mayor
comes from the people and must speak for
them, and his office will he Judged not
«rion* by the personnel of his appointees,
but by the results of their work. Next to
the fixing: of responsibility and the estab
lishment of home rule the civil service pro
visions of the new organic law make the
moet radical departure from the old and
condemned methods, and these provisions
should be strictly enforced.
Board of Supervisors.
The most important functions of the
Beard of Supervisors will be the fixing of
the tax rate and the apportionment of
funds, which when once apportioned are
Inviolable; the enactment of orders impos
ing licenses for police and revenue pur
poses, the equalization of assessments, the
fixing of rates for water and ' artificial
light, and the granting of franchises and
privileges.
In the appropriation of money you. are
closely associated with every department of
the government. In the great department
of public works your co-operation is par
ticularly required. because under the
charter (Sec. 9, Ch. 1. Art. VI) the Board
of Public Work* shall have charge, super
intendence and control of all public streets,
sewers and public buildings and . the con
struction, repair and cleaning thereof under
"such ordinances as may from time to tlms
be adopted by the Board of Supervisors."
I have, therefore, by your authority,
named committees which will .correspond
with every department of the government,
and it Is expected of the committees . that
tney make a special study of the several
dfpartments. becausa under the charter
(Art. Ill) the appropriations once segre
gated cannot be changed, nor can more
than a one-twelfth part of the appropria
tion In any one month during tbe fiscal
AFTER years of discussion, agitation and effort, San Francisco passed
yesterday from one form of government to another. The change, which
is revolntionary, was marked, with one exception, by scenes of order.
That exception transformed the City Hall for a time into a hotbed of riot
in which angry contestants for office fought like beasts for possession.
Heads were smashed, furniture was demolished, a man fell wounded by a
bullet fired with murderous accuracy, and the mob was dispersed by the
police. The disgraceful scene was the outcome of E. I. Sheehan's effort to
prevent J. Harry Scott from assuming ofiice as Tax Collector, and in the end
Sheehan wa« )'orced to retire and await the action of ttie courts.
The other remarkable incident of the day was the attitude of Mayor
Phelan, in which he showed that he had not only dishonored the provisions
of the purity law but had forced upon his Board of Fire Commissioners the
unenviable task of violating the very fundamental provisions of the charter it
self. It is notorious that Mayor Phelan made a promise to the Fire Depart
ment before his election not to disturb its members. It is also asserted that
he promised other influences to give J. C. Gorman the position held by
George Maxwell.
In both promises the Mayor violated the purity law, and when the Fire
Commissioner? appointed Gorman yesterday they violated a fundamental
provision of the charter, which declares that in the reorganization of the Fire
Department appointments shall be made from the oflicers and members con
stituting the service when the charter goes into effect. It is an incident of
the greatest local interest that on the first day of the operation of the char
ter, for which Mayor Phelan labored so ostentatiously, he should violate
one of the raoft vital provisions of the new organic law. The revolution as
it was accomplished in all departments yesterday is given in what follows.
and economical expenditure of public
money through various • boards and
commissions. The commissioners are re
sponsible to him and he is responsible to
the people. Therefore there should be loyal
co-operation between the two branches of
the government an.l between the eommis-
Flor.s and the Mayor. The commissions
have to express in their public actions the
policy for which the Mayor stands, as ex
emplified in the platform of the party on
which he was elected. With this com
plete understanding the commissions
should be allowed a wide discretion in put-
pie is to allow the water company 3 per cent
Interest on Its Investment, whose value
should be first determined, and in the mat
ter of the price of gas a rate not exceeding
|1 35 per thousand cubic feet shall be
charged. During the year the principle of
fixing the. gas rate by the Board of Super
visors has been for the first time estab
lished In this city when a reduction was
marie from $1 75 to Jl EO per thousand. Com
petitive electric companies regulate in most
districts the price of electric lighting. .
Assessments.
In the month nf July the Sapervi9»>r» *it
as a Hoard of Canalization, when they can
raise or lower th*> assessment roll or any
item thereof. The administration of Dr.
Washington Do-iste of the Assessor's office
has been such that warrants on»>- words of
commendation, an.l hence your duties in this
respect will be light. However, there should
be a full knowWse of the facts and perfect
co-operation between this important public
officer and the membera of the board
Geary-Street Franchise.
Tour term of office will expire January «
1902. and I regret that the Geary-street. Park
and Ocean franchise does not expire unt:l
November 6. tKS, ami. as no action can l>«
taken on franchises under the charter until
within one year of their expiration, this
boani unfortunately cannot ilispose of that
valuable property, which should belong ta
the city and be operated as a model rail
road In the public interest. However I de
sire by this reference to remind the 'public
of their powers and duties in th» premises.
Street Railroad Charges.
A movement for the reduction of farea
has been agitated, and the only apparent
obstacle in the way is the objections o"
some of the poorer railroals, namely, the
Union-street and the .San Francisco' ami
San Mateo, but I recommend to this board
a careful consideration of the subject.
Other cities have low 'ares for working
men and school children during certain
hours of the Jay. and in building up a city
it is more important to have low rates
granted by these companies or fixed by the
Board of Supervisors than to i.-npose up-^n
them a high license and franchise tax.
But If for any reason low fares car.not be
secured, the public revenue can be In
creased by the application of that excellent
rule adopted by the Awiwjor and approved
by the Supreme Court in the case of the
San Jose Gas Company vs. January. For
if the profits of the (.-omoanies are great
and yield a higher rate of Interest upon
their actual Investment than Is JUst an'l
reasonable, the stock and b^nds of the com
pany will sell for a higher price In th*
market and the market price of the stools
and bonds Is the basis upon which the As
sessor makes his valuation of the fran
chise.
The same reasons apply to the telephone
•ervlce, which should contribute more in
license taxation to the city and concede to
the people lower rates. There seenoa |o> be
no authority under the charter to fix tele
phone rates, and therefore it is the duty qf
the board to see that the companies pa"
taxes In proportion to the valu» of their
property. The whole spirit of taxation is
Dot to oppress industry, but to distribute
the burdens of government equally. It is
notorious that the large corporations in :h»
past have evaded their just contribution to
the municipal revenue*.
The change In the government Is In the
nature of a revolution. The- administration
is charged with the duty by the people of
driving- out old abuses an<l establishing
the government upon a business bas!3.
Board of Public "Works.
The Board of Public "Works has dis
posed of and absorbed the Street and Engi
neer's Departments. The office at gas in
ipector should be provided for. Under a
recent ordinance the citizens can hare
their metsrs tested by the payment of a
small fee of $1. to be refunded In case the
meter complained of l» running more than
5 per cent fast. A diligent gas Inspector
can save the city many times his salary In
the regulation of public lights In bulldtnxs
and streets. The Board of Public Work.9
is required by the charter to appoint an er
flcient ensineer with the greet purpose In
view of providing, first, a water supply tor
San Francisco; secondly, a public fighting
plant and afterward other public utilities.
Within one year from this day "the Super
visors must procure through the City En
gineer plan 3 and estimates of the actual
cost of the orlsina! construction and com
pletion by the city and county of water
works, gas works, electric light works,
steam, water or electric power worts, tele
phone lines, street railroads and such other
utilities as the Supervisors or the people by
petition to the board may designate."
The Supervisors must also procure and
place on file plans and estimates of tha
cost of obtaining from all the several avail
able sources a sufficient and permanent
supply of water, as preliminary to lacurrtnu
municipal indebtedness for Its acquisition.
After «uch plans and estimates are pro
cured the Supervisors, at as early •> date
as they deem best for the interests of the
city, shall enter Into negotiations for the
permanent acquisition of such utilities as
they may regard most Important to be rtrst
acquired, and to submit the samt- to the
people at a special election; but before pro
viding for original construction or con
demnation of public utilities, the Supervis
ors must consider offers frr tha sale of exist
ing utilities In order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the game, If
they so prefer, as an alternative proposi
tion.
The Board of Public Works, havin* Jur
isdiction over boulevards, should lay out
one along the city front and the bay •hers
to the Cliff House, and estimate the cost
of a better bridge across Channel street,
connecting the Potrero — a section. of the city
which deserves special consideration on ac
count of its productive activities — with the
city proper. Perhaps a tunnel under Chan
nel street, as urui^r the Chicago River, will
facilitate traffic.
When ot;r harbor shall have been re
covered from the State the Board of Public
Works will have the construction of docks
and w*arves. and the bay shore to thy*
county line should b» regarded hereafter
from the point of view of lh» extension of
our harbor facilities, ar.d the Government
should be interested to m&ke a breakwater
at North Beach, whither the seawall will
be ultimately extended.
Police Department. " :: :",.•
The Police Department will be reorgan
ized and will be more accountable to tha
people than in the past. One of the reasons
which gave r!s? to the charter movement
was— a3 is well known — the perpetual ten
ure of office enjoyed by the Police Commis
sioners, and the appointing power possessed
by the Governor; hence, the police were la
dependent of the people.
Chinatown, where prostitution and gam
bling In violation of law cap. enly exi3t
with the connivance of the police, has been
a field of corruption, demoralizing to the
department. It exercises as malign an In
fluence over the police as diii tne quasi
public corporations over the Supervisors in
the past; but as the city found men to
withstand the blandishments of the cor
porations, so must we ftjul men who win
do their duty in Chinatown.
Public gambling is a great evil leading
to poverty, disgrace, defalcation and deatb.
which the records of this city abundantly
prove, and Its practice should be u.scounte
nanced and suypressed.
The police should detect crime and pun
ish offenders for their salaries, and not for
special rewards.
Fire Department.
The Fire Department has reached a hlith
degree of efficiency under Chief Sullivan,
but it should not be suffered for one mo
ment to become a political machine in tha
interests of any faction, organization or
party. If the men know that they will be
protected so long as they do their duty,
for which they are employed and paid by
the city, they will welcome the new con
ditions. No loneer will it be necessary for
them to tak» orders from anybody, except
in the line of their duty. Section 32 of
article XVI of the new charter requires
the Board of Police and Fire Commissioners
to remove any officer or employe who shall
become involved in rartisan strife, or pay
an assessment for political purposes; and
these boards expose themselves to removal
If they refuse to enforce this section.
The object of the charter Is to remove
these two Important departments of tha
city government from active participation
in political movements, on account of tha
great danger of their betns controlled in
special interests. Then men are left free
to vote as they please, and in the spirit of
the charter th« taint of corrupt political
bosslsm must be removed from the admin
istration of the affairs of the Police and
Fire departments of i^an Francisco.
Health Department.
The Board of Health, under the new la.tr
consists of five members and th<» President
of the Board of Public Works and tha
Chief of Police, so there will be full co
operation between thes? dei>artmenta la
the? enforcement of the city laws and tha
creation of healthful conditions.
The Board of Supervisors should nur
chase a site for a Festhouse In the ex
treme southeasterly boundary of th«
count/, and at an eorly dat* locate on
JS^t/SSw. the Clty *• new C 1"
Park.
A new Interest has been awakened ta Om
June, within ten days thereafter he must
act, and consideration of his veto -of the
said budget or any part thereof. If there
be j such veto, shall be finally considered
by the board by the last Monday in June.
On the last Monday of June the tax levy
must be made for city purposes. Therefore,
when the board acts upon the tax levy
finally, it will, first, have no official knowl
edge of the amount of assessment roll, and ¦'¦
secondly, it will not have met as a Board
of Equalization, because under the general
law the sessions of the Board of Equaliza
tion cannot be held earlier than the first
Monday In July. I therefore recommend
the Assessor to unofficially Inform the
board of the approximate total of the as
sessment roll as early as possible. Sit
.
the holding of elections, which they might
do by making an Insufficient appropriation.
I trust all public officers will co-operate
cheerfully in conducting their departments
economically and within the amount allot
ted them -by the Board of Supervisors.
Outside of the tax rate the revenue of the
city and county consists principally of li
cense receipts. The charter exempts from
license tax every business conducted at a
fixed place, except such as require permits
from the Board of Police Commissioners.
The exempted licenses a^gre^ated $94,C00 for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 189?. This Is
a loss In the city's revenues which should
be made up by the Board of Supervisors
after a study of local conditions by a re
vision of the license orders now In force.
MAYOR AND SUPERVISORS
USHER IN THE CHARTER
THE charter day ha? come and gone
arid th<* new organic law of San
f Franclwo. which will date its reck
¦*- onlng from ihe ?th of January, 1900,
has. be*n baptized !r. blood. No longer
will there be a city ar.d a county of San
Francisco. Both are now merged into a
municipal entity known as the city of
San Kraneisco, which has a fundamental
law of its own. free from State restric
tions, the bridling roma put upon It by
i**aiouf r.oljchborp and a heterogeneous
map* at chronological enactments which
represent the work of successive Legisla
tures and Boards of Supervisors.
Tni« revolution In municipal govern
ment took place yesterday and the City
Ha.l. formerly called the new but now
the tild. was the scene of a political
change, ihe magnitude of which has not
l>e*>n paralleled in the local history of this
city. When the new Board of Sr.jrtervip
ors. headed by Mayor I*hela.n, marched
Into The old rood with rearranged <i«ks
to accommodate the new Increment of a
half Aozr-zi Fur»^rvl<«ors. «he rev.- era had
frx'gun. OKI Han Franciscn. plodding-, con
servative, sure, advancing with a slow
but vte&dj stride. gay«- v,-ay to the spirit
of youth and progression. The Super
visors of 1£99, a board of men who have
earned for themselves a reputation that
leaves the old regime colored v.ilh hon
esty and Integrity, relinquished their
rights as city fathers to a much fOTUXgtf
band of politicians and civic wayfarers.
Progr< s^lon. enthusiasm and the earnert
noss of youth marl: the new. The coai
piexicn of the present beard fhowa the
blush of Inexpftience in tr.e sea of po'.l-
Tic*. but back of the men who compose
It is the spirit of the charter sndi "re
generate San Francisco." as the chartists
aie pleasf <i u> term their advent to power.
What will come of it all time aioi:e ca:i
tell.
Seventeen of the eighteen men who ccn
rtltute tha first Board of Supervisors un
der the charter gathered yesterday !;: the
room set sihide lor supervisorial delibera
tion and action shortly before the noon
2:our. K. M. Hotahng was the sole- ao
pentre. The city fathers of 1?93 were
v. ;nding the last few yards of their skrin
cpon tneir municipal legislative reel; run
ning with po-11-meil haste through a small
batch of bills ajid passing resolutions of
frnail lrr.jn.rt when the clock struck 12,
the hour set for the installation of the
new rectmf. Supervisor Collins was in
the chair in th* absence of Mayor ir'ne
lan, who was onj;r'.>ssed in settling" ci>f-lr
. . ¦ ..k. 1 ; rows downstair*. The oM board
did not Bturesder tbo fort at the hour,
but Tinis-i.f-d its business, whicfi ran well
toward 12:3) p. m. Then a motion was
made by several at once to adjourn sine
die, and it was carried.
"This board htands adjourned," said
Collins.
"Till Monday? ' inquired Supervisor Hol
land.
"Forever" was the response of the act-
Ing chairman.
The old and the new then filed Into the
committee room. The present beard was
on deck to organize at the noon hour, but
the iiayer was' absent, so they awaited
his appear* r.'-e. Shortly before 1 o'clock
Mayor FheUn, wi;h Coionel \V. P. Sulli
van, hir^ right hanc! man. entered the room
and almost immediately tet to work in a
rehearsal of the procoure of the day.
But even the Mayor tire-<J of- this and wiis
aroused to a realization of the intelligence
of his auditors. On John Russell's advice.
the order was given to inarch into the
meeting: rioai of th«» Supervisors, and the
seventeen legislators into their
seat*, arranged in platoons of three on
either tide of the central aisle. Chairs of
honor were placed In front of the Super
visors' desks to accommodate ex-Mayors
William Alvord and I>. H. Ellert, who
have the right of attendance and discus
sion in the meetings of the Supervisors,
but not to vote or dray,- pay. E. B. Pond,
the third resident ex-Mayor, sent his re
grets as a peace offering for his absence.
These men are the three extant ex-Mayora
of San Francisco residing In San Fmn
clsco. All the others have gone to the
tllent beyond.
The cue for the entrance of ifayor Phe
lan was given and he ascended the chair
amid the hard-clapping of the crowd
gathered in the galiery. In former years
it was the custom for the outgoing board
to introduce the newcomers, man for
man. but this year but four of the retired
Supervisors displayed enough patience to
go through the act of introduction. They
were: Supervisors Aigeltinger. Collins
Attrldge and Kalian, and to this quartet
came the labor of standing sponsor for
the present board in bunches of twos,
threes ami even a dozen at a time A!*rel
tinger introduced" James P. Hooth- Col
lins, after a brief speech, reeled off the i
names of D'Aneona, Duboce and Dwver- !
Attridge told of the virtues of H. A Bran- I
denstein and A. Cerate Jr. It was then
Kalber. s turn. Eleven new Supervisors
were on his hands, so he palmed the
bunch at once and the preliminaries were
Mayor Phelan then arose and read his
eighteen-page type-written message The
Supervisors settled themselves In their '
heats, listening with absorbed attention '
to the elaborate message, which reads as i
follows:
To the Honorable, the Hoard of Super
visors—Gentleman: The inauguration of
the new city government un.ler the charter
is the most noteworthy event in the Ms
tory of San Francisco. The work before
us is fraught with so much importance for
Its permanent welfare that you must real
iie not only the responsibliiteg which
rest upon you, tut aiiso the signal honor
you enjoy by your participation in Khan-
Ing the destinies of the cit>- at a critical
period, when new duties and powers are
to be defined, precedents established and
rreat public improvements inaugurated
In fine the old order of thlnes is to be
superseded by a progressive policy which
will result in the creation of a new San
Francisco.
We have at last home rule. The con
stitutional amendment* recently inter
preted by the Supreme C«/urt absolutely
deprive the Governor and the Legislature
of the right to interfere In our city affairs.
We have no count}' officers now, as once
we had, under the ruling of the Supreme
Court in the case of Kahn vt. Eutro — v«
have only city officers. In come respect*
the city la agent of the b'tate. and we
will eerve the State, but through officer*
of our own choosing, whose tenure and
whose compensation Khali be fixed by us.
far. Franclrco has been emancipated by
the new charter and we have now all the
responsibilities of free men and our suc
cess or failure will depend upon our own
efforts. The Mayor has become the executive
and administrator and I* responsible for
tte execution of the law* and for the wieo '
necessary for the redemption of the bonds
will be raised every year and will go into
a slnklnir fund, and the board must invite
bids for the redemption of the bonds, in no
event paying therefor more than par. If.
after proper - advertisement, bonds are not
ofTered for redemption. Interest shall cease
upon the highest numbered bonds to the
extent of the amount on hand available for
their purchase. The City and County Attor
ney has been authorized to begin condem
nation proceedings but desires complete ab
stracts for each piece of property before be
ginning any action. It will be the duty of
the board to provide such abstracts, either
by collecting them from the property-own
ers and running them down or by contract.
This work should be done Immediately In
order that these lands may be acquired and
Improved for park purposes, if possible,
within the present calendar year. The two
Mission blocks have been offered to the
city for $300,000. and it will be the duty of
the board either to negotiate for their pur
chase or order condemnation proceedings,
as no action has been taken with respect
to this particular property.
Schools and Hospitals.
The bonds authorized for schools, $1,400,
000; hospitals, $475,000, and sewers, $4,600,000.
are to be Issued by authority of the general
municipal Improvement act. They are
forty-year bonds, payable In gold coin, bear
interest at the rate of 3 per cent, and are
known as rerials, that Is to say, one-fortieth,
of the entire amount is raised every year for
redemption, and in selling the bonds they
are so numbered that one-fortieth is pay
able in one year, one-fortieth in two years,
one-fortieth in three years, and so on. The
bonds of later maturity will naturally sell
for a higher premium. In the present con
dition of the money market, however, it Is
nut reasonable to expect a large premium,
but it is important that the constitutional
amendment submitted by the last Legisla
ture to be voted upon next No vemtwr should
prevail exempting all State, county and
municipal bonds of California from taxa
tion. Without interfering with the progress
of these public undertakings It. may be pos
sible to defer the actual issue of the bonds
until after the November election, in which
event they will in all likelihood be exempt
from taxation, and hence our own people
can afford to buy and hold them. ¦If they
are not exempted from taxation they will cer
tainly be sold and held outside of the State of
California. In case the amendment does not
The financial condition of the city is satis
factory in this, that the net bonded indebt
edness amounts to only $04,000, and that the
value of the property actually owned by the
city is $27,600,000. The rate of taxation for
the last fiscal year for city and county pur
purposes was I1.02S; for State purposes.
$00,601; total, $1.63, which was levied on an
assessment of $375,000,000. This produced,
revenue by direct taxation as follows: For
city and county purposes, $3,858,750; for
State purposes, $2,253,750; total $6,112,500.
The amount of money derived from other
sources than taxation, including license tax
for local purposes, amounted to $1,435, 578.
The duty of the Supervisors will be, there
fore, to provide a progressive yet economical
government, on a maximum expenditure as
follows: Tax of $1 on $405,000. 0u0. $4,050,000;
revenue from other sources, $1,345,000; tax
for parks and squares (minimum 7 cents),
$283,500; interest and sinking funds, $25,000;
total, 15,703,500. This is the maximum rev
enue possible within the pledge, and is, per
haps, more than sufficient, because, on ac
count of the Increased assessment roll, it
yields $400,000 more than the revenue raised
last year and makes the rate $l.w, as
arrainst $1,029.
It will be seen that there Is a margin here
for meeting increased interest and sinking
fund accounts, made necessary, perhaps,
by the new bonds. In the meantime the
revenue can be used for the improvement
of accepted streets and other necessary pur
poses. It will devolve upon the board to
provide for the issuance of the bonds for
park extension; the construction of the new
schoolhouses and the repair of the old; the
erection of a city and county hospital and
the beginning of a new sewer system.
Park Extension.
In my message last January I recom
mended the connection of the Presidio with
the Park and the extension of the'so-called
panhandle to the Junction of Van Ness ave
nue and Market street, and I desire to thank
the outgoing Board of Supervisors for their
friendly co-operation, and, indeed, for their
uniform courtesy throughout the year. The
bonds have now been voted for this pur
pose and for the acquisition of two blocks
in the Mission for a public square; the au
thorized amount for all park purposes be
ing $4,550,000. These bonds are issued under
the park improvement act, and, as required
by law. will run for twenty years, are pay
able in lawful money, and bear 3H per cent
interest. One twentieth of the amount
ting as a Board of Equalization in July,
the Supervisors may equalize the roll as
presented by the Assessor, if they find it
desirable, by deducting from one assess
ment and adding to another; but if they
increase the total roll, as they would have
the power to do, they simply increase the
une.pporttoned revenues of the city, which
will go into the surplus fund and Which
will possibly be only available at the end
of the fiscal year.
Illogical and Vicious.
There is one elemental thlmr in city
finances which must be respected, that in,
no department shall exceed Its appropria
tion. The Superior Court has ruled that the
Board of Health may appoint subordinates
irrespective of the appropriation, and that
they shall be paid out of the treasury. This
Is illogical and vicious, because otherwise
the legislative body, which is the power of
the puree, would be ignored.
The Board of Public Works, as well as the
Board of Health, under the charter has the
same right in almost the identical language
of the superseded statute to employ neces
sary employes and fix their compensation,
but that must certainly mean within the
appropriation allowed the several depart
ments, and I would like to so construe it.
The Election Commission is independent of
this restriction because the Supreme Court
has held that not even the legislative power
of the city has the right to interfere with
year be used, with a few necessary excep
tions, by any department.
City Finances.
The pledge In the Democratic platform
on which the Mayor and a majority of the
members of the board were elected limits
you to the raisin* of a tax not exceeding
ore dollar on the $100, based upon the
present valuation of property assessed and
exclusive of the amounts necessary for the
Interest and sinking; fund and mainte
nance of parks and squares. This Is the
charter limit also, with the exception that
the pledge refers to the present roll In
stead of the assessment roll which may
be submit tod for the next fiscal year by
the At-sessnr. which presumably will be as
great, if not Kteater. In amount. The
present assessment roll is $405,000,000. I
¦would call your attention to a slight dis
connection between the duties of the
board and the duties of the Assessor
which can be easily remedied by co-op
eration. The Assessor is required to turn
over his assessment roll to the Super
visors on the first Monday in July, and
thf- Supervisors are required by the charter
to make the tax levy not later than the last
Monday in June. The Supervisors must,
however (S°cp. 3 and 4, Ch. 1, Art. Ill),
meet annually between the first Monday In
May and the first Monday In June for the
purpose of preparing a budget and trans
mit the fame to the Mayor for his ap
proval not later than the first Monday in
TILE SAX FIIAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO INAUGURATES HER NEW ERA
4
RIOT, DISORDER
AND DISMAY FOLLOW THE AX
IN ITS FALL
AT THE HALL.THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1900.
5
ODDITIES OF THE CITY'S CHARTED DAY
park pleasure rroundi aa a result of the
recent election. The rark should receive
generous support from the Supervisors.
Lombard street. Vtn Ness avenue, Buchan
an, south from Oak street, and Dolores
street should be lined with trees as the be
ginning of a boulevard system. The trees
should be furnished and planted by the Park
Commission and they should be maintained
by the Board of Public Works, a* no de
pendence can be had upon private property
owner* ¦ but the increased value of the prop
erty along the line of these improvements
ehould be made to repay the city for this
outlay, and the attention of th« Assessor
should be directed to this fact.
The lodge in the Golden Gate Park, which
has cost about J70.C00. should be thrown
open to the public and maintained per
haps in part as a branch free library to
meet the needs of that growing section of,
the city. The superintendent should be pro
vided with a modest liout>e, located in a less
conspicuous place.
The Park Commission and the Board of
Public Works should co-operate to remove
disfiguring signs on hilltops and hillsides,
and the t'nited States Government should
be requested through proper channels to
open a driveway around that beautiful
promontory. Fort Mason, the termination
of Van Ness avenue, so that that attractive
rpot will be broucht Into our park and
boulevard system.
During the year many reforms and Im
provements will suggest themselves to you
from time to time, as yen crow familiar
¦with your duties; and 1 trust that at the
that It conflicted with some provision of
the charter.
By the motion of Sanderson the selec
tion of committees was again brought be
fore the board. Sanderson wished to show
that the sanction of the board to the
election of the Finance Committee was
not unanimous, no member of the Repub
lican party having been appointed on It. ,
It was put to a vote. Duboce, Sanderson
and Boxton registering negatives, so all
the committees stood just as the Mayor
read them originally.
Adjournment began to suggest ideas to
the new Supervisors at this time. An at
tempt was made to have the regular meet
ing hour of the board fixed at 8 p. m.. but
this was lost and the board adjourned to
meet again next Monday at 2 p. m.
Before adjournment on the motion of
Dwyer, the board resolved to hold a cau
cus" to consider the question of employes.
The entire board with the Mayor filed
into the committee room and there con
sidered the subject for an hour. R. M.
Hotaling had joined his brothers by this
time so the band of fathers was com
plete The question proved too ponderous
for the first meeting, so the matter was
referred to a joint committee of the Ju
dlciarv and Finance committees, of which
Supervisor Jennings will be chairman and
James P. Booth secretary. The joint com
mittee will Investigate the proposition
and report to another caucus meeting on
of which was that it resulted in nothing
more Berlous than bruised heads and
blackened eyes and a superficial bullet
wound In the neck of John O'Brien, one
of Sheehan's hired fighters. Clubs culled
from office furniture, glass globes
snatched from office lights, ink wells and
other quickly plucked weapons swished
.through the air and chairs were hurled
from one end of the office to the other.
The police Joined in the melee and for a
few minutes there was a rataplan of lo
cust clubs on every head that made itself
prominent. At the end of it all Scott and
his deputies and Sheehan and his were
in possession, and things remained that
way until late In the afternoon when Su
perior Judge Bahrs issued an order re
straining aneehan from interfering with
Scott in the administration of his office
and the defeated candidate called oft his
dogs of war and departed.
It has been known for a week that Shee
han would contest Scott's entrance to the
office, although it was not at first thought
that he would resort to force to maintain
himself. The intimation that he would
do so did not come until Saturday night
last when Sheehan and his deputies barri
caded the doors with heavy timbers and
about all of the movable ofilce furniture.
They also screwed down the windows and
removed the knobs from all the doors,
and, a more serious matter still, had also
removed the official cash books, and theso
were still missing when Scott finally won
possession of the office and took account
of stock.
The signal for yesterday's battle was
Scott's appearance promptly at noon at
the door of the office. Sheehan and his
gang had been waiting for him since 11
o'clock. Sheehan was stationed at the
gateway leading behind his desk. Next
him was Jack Williams, a notorious ex
prize fighter, and gathered around the two
were Larry Hagan, Sheehan's chief dep
uty Tim Sullivan, a gang foreman in the
employ of the Market-street Railway
Company and the man in charge of Shee
han's hired fighting force; Jack Coleman,
another prize fighter, Mike Sullivan and a
half dozen other disreputables. Under the
desk before them each man had a club in
pickle waiting for the fight they proposed
to put up.
and then over the counter Jumped Ruef,
Scott, George Fiddes and "Big Jack
Fitzgerald. They were met half way by
Sheehan's gang, each one of which had
quickly grabbed his- club, and he began to
swing it lustily and with effect. Mike Sul
livan smashed Scott full in the face with a
glass lamp globe, and Scott replied with
a swing that brought Sullivan down from
his perch on a stool. Aleck Greggalns got
across with his gang and mixed things
with every one who came to the front.
Jack Sullivan of Sheehan's forces picked
up a chair and felled "Big Jack" Fitzger
ald, but Fitz caught his feet again and
clinched with John Doyle. As they went
to the floor the sound of a pistol shot rang
out from behind the counter on Sheehan's
side, and Jack O'Brien, a grocer and poli
tician, of Nineteenth and Shot
well streets. twirled round three
or four times and dropped to the
floor with a bullet in his neck. Abe Ruef
leaped to a table and was promptly
knocked off by a heavy glass inkwell
thrown from the end of the office by Char
ley Broad. Ruef got up and was promptiy
knocked down again with a well directed
chair, which he secured in turn and ured
in nearly boating out the brains of his as
sailant. He also used it skillfully in fell
ing one of Sheehan's gang who was at
tempting to strike Scott from behind with
the substantial leg of a heavy oaken
chair. Notwithstanding Sheehan's heavy
armament, Scott's men rapidlygot the bet
ter of the fight, and then the police broke
in with their clubs drawn, and by the
time they got through mixing things there
was not enough fight left in the cro^d
to lend interest to a Sunday picnic.
O'Brien, who had been shot, got on his
feet again and announced that he nad
rather fight than go to the hospital, but
he was finally talked out of his belliger
ency, and Dr. Helntz, the City Physician,
later cut the bullet out of the back of bis
neck where it had lodged near the spine.
Charlie Broad, who was careful not to
come within danger distance of the tlgnt
ing was promptly arrested upon a churite
of assault with a deadly weapon. He was
accused of having thrown inkwells, ani
when arrested was found with a loaded
revolver In his hand.
John Doyle, who had been one of the
weakest fighters in Sheehan's bunch, went
to the police and accused Ben Salomon
of having fired the shot that laid O Brien
out and Salomon was promptly arrested,
notwithstanding that he had taken no
part in the melee and was not witnin
thirty feet of the shooting when it oc
curred. A dozen witnesses will testify to
the fact that he had nothing whatever to
do with it and many of them stand ready
to Identify the guilty party as soon as he
shall be apprehended.
After the police had separated the com
batants, carried the wounded from the
scene of riot and gathered together the
weapons of offense and defense Mr. Ruef,
representing Mr. Scott, went before Judge
Bahrs and filed suit to restrain Sheehan
from further interfering with plaintiff's
• effort' to take possession of the office and
conduct the business thereof. In his com
plaint Scott alleged that Sheehan, in con
federation with other fictitious defend
ants named, without right and contrary
to the force and effect of the laws made
and provided, surrounded himself with
an armed force and went to the office with
the object In view of Interfering with
plaintiff's attempt to take possession
SHEEHAN'S ACCOUNTS
ALLEGED TO BE SHORT
TAX COLLECTOR J. H. SCOTf and
his attorney, A. Ruef. claimed last
night that when they finally got hold
of ex-Tax Collector Sheehan's books yes
terday afternoon they discovered evi
dences of the rankest frauds. Although
Sheehan and his deputies carried away
their cash books. In order, it Is asserted,
to prevent the exposures that would re
sult if they were experted. they left their
block and assessment books, and It was In
these that Mr. Ruef claims to have found
most flagrant fraud.
The attorney is of the opinion that Shee
han did not "work his graft" by cashing
bogus warrants, but by juggling the as
sessment figures presented by the Asses
sor. He claims to have found evidence to
prove that Sheehan was in the habit of
falsifying the original assessments when
he transferred them to his own books, so
that his profits must have mounted up
IntoUiundreds of dollars. For instance, if
the Assessor gave a valuation of a piece
of property as $2000 Sheehan would enter
it in his books as $TOOO and make collec
tions accordingly. When he made his set
tlement with the Auditor he would set
t!e en the Assessor's $2000 basis and put
the difference in his own pocket.
It has been frequently remarked that
Sheehan must have some reason stronger
than the love of office for the desperate
fight he was making against giving up his
books, and Ruef and Scott are strongly
inclined to think that they have found the
reason. To-day they will demand the re
turn of the cash books of the office, and
upon their recovery startling exposures
aro expected.
HEALTH BOARD QUITS
WITHOUT A STRUGGLE
THE Burns Board of Health went
quietly out of office at noon yester
day and made way, with only a per
ceptible struggle, for its successor.
Its well-laid plans to maintain itself in
office notwithstanding the provisions of
the charter were knocked ir.to a cocked
hat by a sudden and serious attack of
"cold feet" suffered by Dr. Barbat. The
new board won out hands down, and Dr.
Coffey was the only member of the out
going board who had the courage of his
convictions and offered to fight.
Mayor Phelan arrived at the board
rooms shortly before noon and at once be
came the presiding officer of the meeting
then going on. Promptly at noon his ap
pointees appeared and made formal de
mand upon the old board for possession of
the office. Dr. Coffey demurred. He
claimed that the board had been appointed
by the Governor of the State and that the
charter in no wise affected its tenure of
office. He moved that the old board re-
Continued on Page Eight.
MAYORPHELAN'S INFANTCLASS
expiration of our term of office all that ite
have planned for the new fan Francisco
ttiall have been acoomnlished.
I recommend to the board finally to adopt
a flag for the city of San Francisco. Other
rules have their ensigns, l.'pon ours should
be inscribed the sentiment now upon our
,lty'g seal— "Oro er. paz. lirrro en KUerra."
It is singularly appropriate by reason of
the fact that California Is the Golden Stat»
and Han Francisco has become the point of
debarkation for our troops, whose heroic
•work in the Pacific has been the principal
event of the closing century, and our own
California boys?, mustered in San Francisco,
were the first to tfco front. Gold is em
blematic of prosperity nnd iron emblem
atic of fortitude and courage, and when the
war ceases we hope that -productive indus
tri«-? nnd prosperity, of which iron is also
emblematic, mr- permit us to read the In
scription cold and iron In peace.
Appl&ure by Supervisors and the crowd
in the gallery followed hard upon the
Mayor's closing words. But this was not
all the Mayor had to say. Having favored
the eighteen Supervisors with an eight
f-en-page message he again arose after
watery refreshment and read off his se
lection for eighteen committees, three
more than all other boards could boast of.
the Civil Service, Charities and Correc
tion and Education. The committees are:
Judiciary— Brandenstein. Comte, Tobin.
Finance — Jennings, llntalinp. Tobin.
Street?, Sewers and Parks— Magulre, Curtis,
Connor.
Wharves and Water Front— Fontana, Duboce,
McCarthy.
Public Buildings— Dwyer, Sanderson. Booth.
Public Utilities— Reed. Hotaling, Maguire.
¦Water Hates — Connor, Comte, Jennings.
Police— Tobin, Helms, Reed.
Fire— Curtis. Magulre, Duboce.
Incense and Orders— Comte, McCarthy.
Hospital and Health— D" An cona, Dwyer,
Printing and Ealarle*— Booth. Jennings, Con-
Art iflclal Llghts-Hotallng, Brandenstein,
Out*i"<ie I>ana«-Helms. Boxton, Sanderson.
Equalization of ¦ Assessments — McCarthy,
Reed. Curtis. _
Civil Service — Sanderson, Branaenstein,
Fontana. „ ,
Charities and Correction— Duboce, Helms,
Fontiina. ¦ _.
Education— Eoxton. Brandenstein, D Ancona.
This business having been dispensed
with the acting secretary' began to road
resolutions, all of which had been framed
In advance to keep the municipal ball
rolling. It was decided to retain all the
present clerks at the suggestion of the
Mayor until the board authorized the ap
pointment of others. The Board of Pub
lic Works was requested to file a list of
cmplo>«s not laborers and . state tho
amount of bonds necessary In each case.
D' Ancona thought that the civil service
laws should apply to the employes of the
Board of Supervisors, and accordingly In
troduced a resolution that all men now In
the employ of the office who have givn
long, efficient and faithful service should
be retained. This resolution *was referred
to the Judiciary Committee out of fear
Friday night how many men are needed
for cierks and what employes shall be
retained. The general impression is that
there will be few changes in the clerk
ships, John Russell remaining as chief
clerk.
This over, the new Supervisors went
their respective ways, bearing the lately
Imposed burden of legislation with a sang
froid that betokens experience readily ob
tained.
With Supervisor Collins in the chair and
Supervisors Attridge. Algeltingcr, Black,
Byington, Collins, Deasy, Heyer, Holland,
Kalben and Phelns present, the old board
transacted its last business yesterday
morning.
It was resolved that the License- Col
lector be authorized to issue licenses for
masquerade bails to the San Francisco
Schwaben Verein at the San Francisco
Turner Hall January 27, and the Danish
Ssoiety. Danish branch 2 and 3, at Sara
toga Hall.
The resolution adopted in the last meet
ing awarding Fllnn & Treacy contracts
for the construction of artificial stone
sidewalks on Bernard street,' between
Taylor and Jones, and on Jones, between
Pacific and Broadway, were repealed.
An expenditure of $4642 S3 was ordered
to be made out of the Street Department
fund for the sweeping and cleaning of
streets.
•^ —
¦ . ¦
SCOTT WINS OFFICE IN
A DISGRACEFUL BRAWL
JOSEril 11. SCOTT, chosen Tax Col
lector at the late election, yesterday
observed the provisions of the char
ter and took possession of his office
promptly at noon; but he had to do it
with a club. Edward I. Sheehan, the then
Incumbent, declined to acknowledge the
worth of. Scott's election certificate and
attempted to hold the office against him
with the aid of his deputies and a horde
of hired thugs - ar.d ex-prize fighters
bought for the occasion and armed with
every nondescript weapon from a loaded
double-barreled shotgun to a heavy hick
ory wagun spoke. The result, from a
vulgar standpoint, was one of the pret
tiest specimens of "rough house" that has
been raised since the good old days in
politics when the heaviest tout carried
away the ballot-box. From the other
point of view it was the most disgraceful
and wantonly unnecessary scene that
evrr characterized the inception of a new.
order in the city and county. For the
better part of a quarter hour the Tax
Office at the City Hall was the scene of
a brawl that would have cost the reputa
tion of a beer garden. The two principals
to the affair, Scott and Sheehan, with
their following of deputies and drink
sodden roughs, mixed things in a hand
to-hand conflict, the one fortunate result
IN MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT
Scott had been warned of Sheehan's in
tentions early in the day and had hurried
ly summoned Aleck Greggalns and his
gang to his assistance. When he arrived
at the door the gang was with him, and
despite the efforts of Police Sergeant Duke
and his six officers forced their way Into
the main office and lined up on the other
side of the desk from Sheehan and his
crowd. Attorney Abe Ruef, acting for
Scott, was introduced to Sheehan by Ben
Salomon, and Kuef promptly displayed
Scott's election certificate, and on be
half of his client demanded possession of
the office. "Upon the advice of my attor
ney I decline to retire," said Sheehan, up
on which Ruef turned to. Scott and his
backers and said, "Gentlemen, Mr. Shee
han refuses to turn over this office; it is
your duty to take it."
"Stand ready!" yelled Larry Hagan.
"Stand ready!" echoed Alex GreeKains.
thereof and to hinder him In his attempt
to carry- on the public business. In ac
cordance with the prayer of the petition
er "Judge Bahrs, who . became presiding
Judge at the noon, hour, issued a tempo
rary restraining order, returnable before
Judge Cook, enjoining the defendants from
interfering with the business of the Tax
Collector's office, from attempting to in
terfere and from remaining in the office
or attempting so to do. On the granting
of the temporary writ it was immediately
served on Sheehan, with the result that
Scott at least held the legal right to re
main, while Sheehan, by remaining, vio
lated the order of the court. Later Shee
han gave lip the fight, called off his bat
tered crowd and loft Scott in full posses
sion. Until Judge Seawell hands down his
decision in the suit of Sheehan against
Scott matters will remain as they are.i .10 oexits for 1O §
S Monopol Tobacco Works ||
Counterfeiters on Trial.
P. Oray and J. Horton were placed on
trial yesterday before a Jury for the sec-
ond time In the United States District
Court on a charpe of having: in their pos-
session tools for making counterfeit
money. The cri!=*> will be presented to tha
Jury this morning.
Financial experts report the total transactions of
the clearing-houses of the United States last year at
about $93,300,000,000, or nearly one hundred billions
of 'ioiUrs. The biennial expenditures of the Govern
ment hardly exceed 1 per cent of it. Whenever the
time conies to talk business the other nations have to
take a back real and let Uncle Sam do the oratory.
Mrs. Man- IV. Kincaid, member of the new Board
of Education, is how probably aware that the game of
politics contains several points not known to the
female mind. It was nothing less than an act of re
fined cruelty on the part of Director Mark to regild
one of those Gage bricks and hand it to the lady at
<he very outset of her official career.
«.»::r of the notable things about the recent conven
tion of the Teachers' Association at Sacramento was
that in ell the discussion concerning the problems of
teachers nothing was said about the problem of get
ting their salaries after earning them.
In her petition for divorce Julia Marlowe con
fessed that hrr girlhood's name was Sarah Frances
Frort. No rt'onder she changed it when she decideti
to y.o o*l the str^c. If there's anything an actor 01
P'
If the Gage Board of Health carries out its threats
and Tax Collector Sheehan erects a few more barri
cades in his ofilcr the record of the first day in New
San Francisco v.! 1 ! read like a report from the Boer
Probably for the sake of getting relief from the
question about the century mark, the New York Post
!ils been moved to ask "Is McKinley sure of re-elec
tion?" That ought to be an easy one.
Do their best, English newspapers cannot keep
nndcr the question of the seizure of American flour
in Delagoa Bay. That finur is self-rising and bound
to assert itseif sooner or Inter.
. .
It lonics as if Duller had about made up his mind
to hold his own at Tugela River and let White do the
best he can to hold Ladysmith.
Dr. Siererfs Angostura Bitters Is known all
over the world as the great regulator of th»
digestive organs.
AN AMERICAN PACIFIC CABLE.
ONE of the most valuable contributions yet made
to the discussion of the problem of construct
ing a cable telegraph across the Pacific froni
the United States to Asia is contained in a paper read
at the recent meeting of electrical engineers in New
York by Captain George Owen Squier of the United
States army.
Captain Squier declares there Is no longer any
doubt of the practicability of the Pacific cable project
from a technical and engineering point of view. A
preliminary' survey, he says, between the coast of
California and the Hawaiian Islands was completed
by the Navy Department in 1892, showing the entire
practicability of that part of the route. The United
States ship Nero has been engaged since April last in
a survey of the bed of the Pacific along the proposed
route of the cable from the Hawaiian Islands west
ward to the Philippines and Japan. This survey has
developed two unusual features along the route by
way of Midway Island, one of them being a sub
marine mountain rising front the floor of the ocean
having a depth of 2200 fathoms to within 82 fathoms
of the surface; the other being an abyss of 4900
fathoms, one of the deepest yet discovered in the sea,
at a distance of about 500 miles east of Guam. These
and other obstacles which may be found Captain
Squier says can be avoided in laying the cable by
making detours around them.
Two routes are discussed for covering the distance
between Honolulu and Guam, one by way of Midway
Island and the other by way of Wake Island. It is
advised that one of those routes be selected as a
cable direct from Honolulu to Guam would be about
3650 miles long, including "slack" wire, and that
length would ro. reduce the through speed of the
cable and so increase the original cost that it would
be cheaper to establish and maintain the intermediate
station. . .
It is estimated that to yield a revenue which will re
pay the cost of maintenance and repairs the cable will
have to earn $925,000 a year. The cost of transmit
ting messages is calculated at about 8 cents a word,
and the present commercial rate from Washington to
Manila is $2 38 a word.' Captain Squier says: "It is
seen that at the present commercial rate to Manila,
after allowing for the present land rates to San Fran
cisco, the proposed cable is required to operate less
than fifty minutes per day in order to earn the income
Personally Conducted Excursions
in improved wiae-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers!
To Chlcaxo and Kansas City every Sunday
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. fSi \r ?i,». ......
FRAUDS IN FOODSTUFFS.
1 mj FFORTS made in New York to obtain the par
dop of two men sent to prison in that State
* — * for violating the oleomargarine law by remov
ing from the packages the marks by which it could be
distinguished from butter have had the effect of re
viving the "discussion there concerning the extent to
which the food laws are violated, and as a result some
very interesting figures are made public.
It appears that during the past year the State Com
missioner of Agriculture reported to the Attorney
General for prosecution no less than 731 cases of vio
lation of the agricultural law. That of course covers
only such frauds in foodstuffs as affect those which
are produced by the agriculturists of New York. It
affords, however, a basis upon which to found esti
mates of the frequency of such offenses. When so
large a number of offenders are detected in a single
year in a single State it is clear that such practices in
the country at large are of portentous frequency.
The argument of those who are seeking the par
don of the men who were passing off oleomargarine
for butter is the familiar one that the product they
offered was in every respect as good as butter; that
no harm was done to the consumers. Such an argu
ment, however, is really worse than none. It has been
put forward in defense of almost all kinds of adul
terated or sophisticated foods. The answer to it is
plain. If the concoctions of various kinds with which
the market is flooded be as good as pure foods they
should be sold under their right title and the pur
chaser given the choice to take them or reject them.
It is unfair to permit spurious food to be palmed off
under the title of pure food. The law which forbids
such practices is just, and so long as violations of it
are so frequent there should be no pardon for those
who are convicted.
The efforts of the States to put an end to the mis
representation of foodstuffs have proven unavailing.
It will require a national statute to adequately deal
with the subject, and such a law, it is to be hoped,
will be enacted by Congress this winter. A stringent
label law is what is desired, and ample provision
should be made for enforcing it. If there were nearly
a thousand offenses against the New York law in one
year it is safe to say the national law would be vio
lated so frequently for a while at least that a strong
body of officers would be needed to maintain it. A
year or so of vigilance and firmness, however, would
put an end to the greater part of such practices, and
then the makers of pure foods would no longer be
exposed to the ruinous competition of unscrupulous
dealers in fraudulent articles.
If Corrigan continues to combine his ideas of what
social ethics and horse-racing ought to be visitors to
Tanforan will have to include Gatling guns as neces
sary adjuncts of the game.
Big Cargo of Opium.
The tramp steamer Algoa brought Into
port last Sunday 21,361 pound 3 of Chinese
opium, the duty on which Is $125,16S an<t
the value of which, duty paid, is $341,775.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Out of fifty-four Senators invited to dine with Sena
tor Quay only fifteen accepted the invitation, so it is
evident the prestige of the Pennsylvania man is not
anything like as big as it used to be.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE CENTURY DISCUSSION-O. M
an old subscriber. City. The century ques
tion was discussed at length in the issue
of The Call on- Sunday, January 7, page ID.
CENTRAL PARK, NEW YORK-Bona
Fide Voter. City. Work on the laying out
of Central Park, New York, was com
menced in 1857, at. the time that Fernando
Wood was Mayor of that city.
BOER— G. P., City. Boer Is Dutch for
farmer. It is applied to any one of the
population of Dutch descent in the South
African district. The first Boers immi
grated from Java in 1652 and were rein
forced by Huguenots in 1657.
AN OLD PAPER— I. W. D., Pleasanton.
Cal. An old copy of "Wide West," pub
lished in San Francisco In 1556. has no
particular market value. It is worth either
what the Dossessor wants for it, or what
any one desiring such would be willing to
pay.
TWO COINS— A. C, Ceres. Cal. There
is no premium on quarters and half-dol
lars of 1553 except they are of the issue
that have not two arrow points at ihe
date nor rays around the eagle. Neither
Is a premium offered by coin collectors for
a half-dollar of 1556.
A TELEPHONE MESSAGE— L. M. C.
City. The fact that a "young lady calls
up a gentleman by telephone and wlsnes
him a merry Christmas" does not make it
obligatory on the gentleman to send th<»
lady a present anymore than if she should
meet him on the street and express a stm
ilar wish.
CITT CIVIL SERVICE— OId Subscriber.
City. If this correspondent and all others
who are interested in the civil service ex
aminations under the new charter will on
ly watch the local columns of The Call
they will be informed as to what the com
mission is doing and when the examina
tions will take place.
A LEAKY HOUSE— If an Individual
rents a house "just as it is." without ob
taining from the landlord or agent an na
surance that it is In good condition and
free from leaks, he would not have any
redress, but If the landlord gave him the
assurance that It was waterproof the ten-
Mayor Phelan has been charged with having made
ante-election promises contrary to the statutes. He
j to:i:ised — to get support — that his Commissioners
would appoint Esola Chief of Police. He violated the
purity law in that. He promised the political man
n^er-s of the Fire Department, in return for their
support, that he would not dismember that depart-
n;«-m. Almost at the same time he promised, also
foi support at the polls, that he would cause the ap-
;¦¦:::. -nt of Joseph C. Gorman to the place of Max
uwcll.
In addition to bein? violations of the purity of
elections law, the*e promises were preliminary to
; ledge breaking, at which the Mayor docs not seem
to scruple. With that phase of the matter, however, it
s not ibe province of the District Attorney to in
terfere. His sworn duty cails upon him to take official
notice of ofTenscs against the purity law and compels
him to proceed; against the offenders. The language
•;>tute is. plain, and there is no chance to mis
e its meaning. It fays violators shall be punished
Sircrts how. It does not say that there is one
Law For ihe rich and one for the poor, as some politi
cal J'i^trirt Attorneys are wont to imagine. It does
not provide escape for the wealthy offender and pen-
alty for the pauper. It docs not point out a loophole
for Mayor Phelan and a prison cell for Sternberg. It
demands retribution for infractions of any of its pro
visions.
Mr. Byington Knows this as well as anybody clac,
and he knows now, if he did not before, that Mayor
Phclatn stands charged as an offender against the law.
Mr. Jlyington's duty is clear. He should prosecute
his mo c t powerful political friend. Mayor Phelan.
BYINGTON'S PLAIN DUTY.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY BYINGTON at the
very outset of his new political career is met
with a demand to do his duty. The charter he
lias sworn to uphold has been violated and is threat
ened with more violence. The purity of elections
law, offenders against which he is called upon to
pjosccutc, has been outraged. The chief offender is
Mayor Phclzn, in the one instance by his newly ap
;»<*ii:tc'l Commissioners, in several others in his own
ant would have recourse against the land
lord, and he would probably be Justified
in withholding the rent until the house
was put in good condition.
HE MUST HANG— A Subscriber. City.
When a man is convicted of the enna
of murder and the penalty Is death, the
court directs the Sheriff of the county to
hang the criminal. If by some chance' th.»
rope as the body is dropped through tna
trap breaks, that does not relieve th<»
Sheriff of the responsibility of carrying
r>ut the court's order to hanc the prisoner.
In such a case he would have to secure
the individual, return him to the scaffold
and drOD h.!m n. *connfl rim**
MESSENGER SERVICE— A. O. S., Oak
land, Cal. If you should, request tho Sun
set Telephone Company to connect you
with some one In San Francisco, the com
pany should inform you that the line was
out of order, and should ask you if you
wished a messenger across the bay to de
liver the message, and you should an
swer yes, that would amount to an en
gagement of service that you would hay»
to pay for. It would not make any differ
ence because tho messenger could not find
the party in at the San Francisco ad
dress.
CITIZEXSHrP— A Subscriber. City. Ar.v
alien of the age of 21 years and upward
who has resided in the United States three
years next preceding his arriving at that
age, and who has continued to reside
therein up to tho time he makes applica
tion to be admitted to citizenship, may.
after he arrives at the age of 21 and after
he has resided five years within tho
United States, including the three years
of his minority, be admitted to citizen
ship, but he must make a declaration on
cath and prove to the satisfaction of the
court that for two years next precodlns
It had been his bona fide intention to bo
come a citizen.
it automatically folds bade against the head, and in so doirstr
moves' a safety catch into nucli a position as to prevent tho
striker in the point of the torp<"do moving. In this position it
may be struck or handled with impunity, but it Is claimed that
the moment it is towed through the water it becomes onca
more a deadly peril to any ship that may graze It.
The Lege torpedo is constructed of Delta metal, which,
while being as strong as st?el, la not liable to rust and corro
sion from immersion In water. The charge »3 ot cylindrical
shape and Is easily inserted and removed from the head of tho
torpedo, so that the apparatus can be stored •with perfect safety
ready to hand, while the charges are placed out of harm's war
in a magazine.
Other advantages claimed for it are those of automatically
adjusting Itself to the depth required, and on encountering th-5
defensive nets of an Ironclad, of assuming a vertical position,
diving beneath them and striking the hull with Its point as
soon as it is clear. The great point in favor of the new -weapon
would appear to be its simplicity, but on the other hand it does
not seem impossible for an enemy to so damage or destroy th»
endless chain as to stop Us motion, when the whole set of tor
pedoes would at once become Innocuous. Nor, for that mat
ter, does it seem very improbable that Its working might ba
affected by the explosion of one of Its own torpedoes.
EXTREMELY flshlike is the new towing torpedo, the
"Lego," the weapon recently Invented by a Frenchman.
Though it can be used much in tho same way as the old
Harvey torpedo, with which some of the British ships
were equipped before the advent of the Whitehead, by
being towed at an angle under an enemy's ship, provided she
allowed the operator to approach near enough to do so, its
principal function Is the defense of ports and harbors.
It differs from the Brennan, which to all intents and pur
poses is an automobile weapon, but at the same time it is much
simpler and probably much less expensive, though special ar
rangements have to be made for its use, says the London Dally
Graphic, as will be seen by reference to the accompanying
sketch. An endless chain is stretched round four horizontal
wheels or pulleys so as to cover the portion to be guarded, and
is eet In motion by means of a second chain driven by an en
gine on shore. To the first mentioned chain a series of Lege
torpedoes are attached at intervals, and the Idea is that as the
chain moves round on its rollers the channel Is constantly
patrolled, as it were, by two lines of traveling mines moving
in opposite directions, so that it would bo practically impossi
ble for a ship to pass through this guarded zone unscathed.
Immediately the chain is stopped the torpedoes become
harmless, for on the strain belns taken off the towing lever
THE SHEEHAN OUTRAGE.
SHEEHAN'S determination to keep out of the
office of Tax Collector the man whom the peo
ple elected to fill the position has brought about
a fight which disgraces the city and came near cost
ing the life of at least one man. Sheehan's only ex
cuse for this display of violence and brutality is that
he deems the election of Mr. Scott to the office to
have been invalid. In that belief he has taken it upon
himself to usurp the authority of the courts, pro
nounce judgment in his own favor, and to resist by
force the attempt of^Mr. Scott to enter upon the
duties and take possession of the office to which he
has been elected.
Such offenses as that of which Sheehan has been
guilty have been committed in Chicago, but, we be
lieve, in no other American city. Even in Chicago
they have been rare, for it requires a very unscrupu
lous and very bold office-holder indeed to attempt to
retain the position in defiance of the law after the ex
piration of the legal term. San Francisco has had to
bear the stain and disgrace of many political scandals,
but such a thing as a fight with clubs and pistols for
the possession of office has never until this time black
ened her record.
The story of the fight will of course be reported far
and wide, and the good repute of the city will be in
jured. The new era in municipal government, which
in other respects has opened auspiciously enough, has
in this regard been marred by an outrage worse than
any known to the past. It is due to fortune only that
we have not to record the affray as one resulting in
death as well as in bloodshed, for it was evidently the
intention of Sheehan to hold to his office at all haz
ards, whatever might be the consequences to others
and to the community.
In Spanish-American politics an election is always
followed by a fight. When the people have cast their
ballots in favor of a new set of officials the members
of the old regime barricade themselves and refuse to
surrender the offices. That is the style of politics
Sheehan would like to introduce here. He has made
the attempt, and the result has been the most dis
graceful political outrage in our annals.
The offense of Sheehan is the more gross because
the question of Scott's eligibility to the office is now
before the courts for adjudication. Sheehan's deter
mination to pass judgment on the issue himself- is
therefore something in the nature of contempt of
court as well as a violation of law and of public de
cency. It was his duty to leave the decision of the
matter to the court, where his rights would have
ample protection, and in undertaking to assert his
claim by force he has disgraced himself and the city
without in the least strengthening his position in law.
It is to be hoped there will be found adequate means
cf punishing offenses of this kind. We cannot tolerate
here the Spanish-American practice of accompanying
each election with a free fight. Our laws are sufficient
for the protection of the right of every citizen and of
every office-holder, and nothing can justify such ac
tions as that of which Sheehan has been guilty.
If the Weather Bureau will pay attention to the
public mind at this juncture it will notice marked signs
of a demand for dry weather.
the past. They merely see at a distance things which
are underfoot, but unseen. More than this, they af
fect to see at a distance things which are not there,
but are near by, though unseen by them. This is a
mirage effect on minds debauched by misuse, prosti
tuted by the habit of putting what they wish to be
for what is. The actual reality near at hand, though
invisible, appears in the distance like those phantom
scenes on the desert, in which clods become houses
and spears of dry weed wave the inviting foliage of a
forest. The most defiant imperialist in California is
General Otis, who sometimes crosses the Rubicon
and sometimes edits the Los Angeles Times. He is
fiercely pro-British in the South African contest and
raves at ail Americans who will not worship with him
st the feet of British power.
He recently denounced the name and title, "United
States of South Africa," particularly because it was of
American origin and "the invention of charlatans and
sensationalists, designed to work upon the prejudices
oi those who do not take the trouble to look beneath
the surface of great questions." The general then
proceeds to look beneath the surface of great ques
tions to this effect: "Even if Kruger and his coterie
of absolutists were willing to have the provinces of
South Africa united under a republican form of gov
ernment, similar to that of the United States, it would
be necessary before such a thing could be done to se
cure the co-operation of the people of South Africa,
since a republican government must of necessity, if it
is to be stable, rest upon the consent of the governed.
To obtain such consent would be impossible, for the
reason that interests, opinions and affiliations are so
diverse. Homogeneity of race, of aims, of purposes
and of opinions, is wanting, and without it concert
and harmony of action would be impossible. The
United States of South Africa would be a house di-
vided against itself and foredoomed to go down in
the red ruin of revolution and anarchy, if left to its
Therefore, he argues, Great Britain must be per
mitted to take and govern those people as she sees
fit. But Great Britain is not a republic. In England,
Scotland and Wales that Government is a constitu
tional monarchy. In Ireland, India and Guiana it is
an absolute despotism. Such it will be in South
Africa if its arms prevail, for such conquests must be
held only by unrelenting force and vigilance, pre
pared always to kill in restraint of the repressed as
piration of men to be free.
The United States of America is a republic, a Gov
ernment all of whose powers are delegated to it by the
constitution. General Otis declares homogeneity of
race, aspirations, opinions and purpose and consent of
the governed to be necessary to the stability of a
republic. He sees this clearly and correctly while
looking to far Africa. Why does he not see it while
looking at home? He is fiercely intolerant of oppo
sition to American imperialism. That policy means
bringing under our flag and jurisdiction probably
twenty millions of people, alien to us in race, opinions
and purposes. They are A be brought in mainly
against their wish. The majority of them will never
forget when they see the flag that it is the emblem of
their conquest, the banner of a master and not the
TUESDAY JANUARY 9. I9*>
JOHN D. SrRECKELS, Proprietor.
Acdrets Alt Ccn-,rouniC«ticn» to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
Pt«LICATIO\ OFFICE. .Marlrrt and Third, 8. F.
Ttlrpliune Main 1868.
miTORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Si»vcn«nn St.
: • i. -iihoti«- Main 1874.
Dellrered V' Currier*. IS Onta Per Week.
••illicit- Copies, 5 Crnti,
Terms n> Mall. Including I'miaen
DAILY CALL, ".•¦ludltu «andnj-). one yenr. .fift.OO
DAJL.Y CALL, (lncludlne Sunday*. •{ mouths. . 3.00
:.' \!) . CALL (lnclndlns: Sunday). 3 months.. IJJO
UAILV CALL Ur Single Month Gso
ft'XDAY ( ALL One Year , XJVO
IVEEKLT CALL Oue Year 1.00.
ill iMiatcnaatcTN are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
«¦.![..;.;•- copies will be forwarded vrhen requested
OAUI.AMJ OFFICE ©OS Broadwray
C. GCOIICC KHOGXES9,
'•...finp. r Foreign Ad vertlolncr. Slarqnette Dolld-
InjC. ' Mi-uLu.
M"\V I'OQK COnRESPOSTDdfTi
C. C. CAUUO.V Herald Square
lEW YORK lICI'IIESKXTATIVE:
!';.ii;t> I,[|U:M» .])'. 2!* Tribune Jltitldlnc
CHICAGO NEW! STAJTDSi
Mir-rrnen Ifoui<«*i I*. «). \rir« Co.| Great North
era Hotel | Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
!*n\V YORK M:\VS STAJTDSi
Waldorf- \fttorlft Hotel; A- Ilrentuno. .11 Union
¦« Hare t .Hurray Hill Hotel.
\VASHI.\(;toS <O. C.I OFFlCE.. Wellington Hotel
J. P. BXGIjISH, Currfipondriit.
lilt%\CH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of
• lay. open unfit Dl3o o'clock. :;«><» Haven,
opea ur.tll »::tu oVloelc tr.v.t McAllister, open
until !».:;<• o'clock. 016 Lurkin, opc-n until
Di3O o'clock. 11141 Mission, open until 1O
o'clock* •_"_.! Marked corner Sixteenth, open
until !» o'clock. 1000 Valencia, open unlit !i
<.•«•»<, eU.. 1«m; Klew-nth. open until 9 o'clock.
\\V. corner Ti\ '-iiti -second and Kentucky,
cijMii until i> o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
'"a"? n.\a.-~ "The Prirxesa *.n3 the Butterfly."
Orj h' urn— Vau«!evli:«.
Btttfa — "The CSrtgtiaa.**
Tlvo'.!— ' -Little 80-Pe*;)."
«Jra;;i O;»!:r»-Lou6fc — "iSlnbai."
AI' »zar— "l'yeierlGUe Mr. I3uc'*-"
Aihamtra. — "Aa Affair of Honor."
Cbut«-». 'JLfj ic3 Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
«v;;;.i!i|J.
Olrmpla. corner Mason axA Ellis street* — Specialties.
tun litttle cf Manila Bay, Market street, near
(Veateni Turf A.«soo'.ati on— Races today.
The arguments upon the advantages to be derived
from the cable need not be repeated, as they are fa
miliar to all. Our rapidly expanding commerce with
the Orient renders it highly desirable that our mer
chants should have direct and speedy communication
with all oriental ports. The proposed American
cable would of course be connected with the Japanese
and Chinese cables and land telegraphs and would put
us in direct relations with those lines, so that from
San Francisco it would be easy to communicate at
once with any part of the Pacific coast of Asia.
The project of constructing such a cable has long
been under consideration in Congress and will be
brought forward at the present session. Whether the
enterprise will be favored will depend of course upon
the nature of the measures proposed to carry it out.
If they be wisely devised the great project may soon
be under way with the general approval of the public.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Captain F. W. Wise is registered at the
Grand from Victoria.
H. W. Adams, a well-known railroad
man of Los Angeles, is at the Lick.
Dr. Edward G. Parker, U. S. N.. is
among the arrivals at the Occidental.
A. Ekman, the Orovllle capitalist, is
among the recent arrivals at the Grand.
Dr. M. J. Davis, a popular physician of
Golconda, Nev.. is registered at the Pal
ace.
George H. Stewart, a Los Angeles mer
chant of prominence, Is at the Grand for
a few days.
D. D. Wlshom, a well-known land owner
of Vlsalia, is registered for a short stay
at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Stevenson have come
up from their home In Menlo Park and
are at the Palace.
Dr. W. A- Hendry, one of the leading
medical men of Los Angeles, is at the Oc
cidental, accompanied by his wife.
D. T. Hughes, one of the prominent busi
ness men of San Jose, is at the Lick while
on a short pleasure trip to this city.
Dr. G. G. Baar. a distinguished Vienna
specialist. Is at the Occidental. He ar-.
Quillet's Ice Cream ana Cakes. 303 Larkin
St.; tel. East 193. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tb at Townaend's.*
The Fastest Train Across the Conti-
nent.
The California Limited, Santa F* Route. Con-
necting train leaves 5 p. m., Monday. Wednes-
day, Friday and Saturday. Finest equipiw.l
train and best track of any line to the East.
Ticket office. 623 Market street.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. S.— D. F. Oliver of
Oakland Is at the Riggs House; S. M.
Little of San Francisco is at the Arling
ton; Ambrose Bierce of San Francisco is
at the Ebbitt House; John P. Irish of San
Francisco is at the Johnson. Surveyor
General Dustin and Collector of Customs
Ivey of Alaska have arrived In Washing
ton.
ensign of freedom. They are to be denied voice in
the Government by which we will rule and repress
them. What sort of republican government will such
government be?
If General Otis attempt to run away from the ob
vious answer that it will be despotic government —
that the United States will be a constitutional repub
lic at home and an absolute monarchy in the new
possessions*, called by the ever accursed name, "colo
nies" — he must then admit that these twenty millions
of tropical aliens are to be incorporated into our body
politic, to have our franchise, and lacking that
homogeneity, the absence of which he so deplores
in South Africa, their presence will foredoom the re
public to go down in the red ruin of anarchy and
revolution. It is remarkable that such men as Otis
are republicans only for the purposes of tyranny and
despotism. They hold the true Tory idea that the
many must be ruled by the few lest the many make
mistakes in ruling themselves. It is the same argu
ment that was made against our forefathers. General
Otis takes the same position against the Dutch and
against all peoples who long for the light of liberty
and are struggling toward it with arms in their hands
and are dying with its sheen in their dazed eyes.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. S.— J. X. Hackett of
San Francisco Is at the Marlborough. A
R. Bufflngton and wife, C. R. Buffington,
Miss May Bufflngton, of San Francisco,
are at the Westminster.
A PLEA FOR ENGLAND
IN THE TRANSVAAL
The Call floes not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
Editor The Call: I hope you will give a
little space In your columns to- a word for
the English rights in the present struggle
with the Boers. The columns of all the
large dailies are open to the sentimental
trash br«_-d by prejudice, envy, traditional
hatred and ignorance, and it is only oc
casionally that any paper seems willing
to publish even a small part of the truth
regarding the causes which brought about
the present war.
In the first place, the Boers are the only
Christian nation on the face of the earth
to-day that are slave owners and that
adopt the most merciless practices In se
curing their slaves. History tells us that
their first quarrel with England was In
their deliance of her ant: =.c.ye laws. They
left Capo Colony betau? j .hey would not
give up their slaves and went north, but
have never been outside of territory over
which England claimed to have suze-
Neither did the Mormons, when they left
Illinois because they were not allowed to
have their peculiar institutions in that
State, leave United States territory, al
though they went to Utah, where the root
of a white man had never been before and
hewed out of the wilderness a paradise.
We claimed them as subjects and de
stroyed their religion in so far as it did
not agree with the laws established for
the whole people; and It was right. How
much more would it be right if they had
appealed to us to save them from annihi
lation by the red men, as England has had
to save the Boers from the blacks?
How much more would it have been
right if Brigham Young had sent com
missioners to the Eastern States asking
for men and money to help them develop
the resources of Utah and when they ar
rived had violated every promise made?
But leave the question of England's suze
rainty out of the discussion entirely. Eng
lish subjects were in the Transvaal doing
business under promises made by l^esi
dent Kruger, and those promises were ig
nored to that extent that their property
was fast becoming coniiscated without
any future hope of redress. It had
simply become impossible to secure citi
zenship there. I ask you what could they
do? There wa3 only two ways out of the
dilticulty — local revolution or an appeal to
the mother country. Jameson's raid dem
onstrated that local revolution was a fail
ure, and the home Government was ap
pealed to. ,
What would have English colonies have
done if England had said we will not help
you? What- would the foreign nations
have said If England had Ignored the
prayer of her people? And England said
it must be remedied.
Diplomacy was adopted until even Eng
land was taunted with being afraid, and
the result was that President Kruger felt
that he was master of the situation. He
refused to do what he had promised to
do and he was cunning enough to take
advantage of the situation. He heard the
clamor of the nations who were envious
of England and saw that she would be
blamed for trying to oppress his people
for commercial reasons, and he knew that
if in a war he was successful his people
would be the gainers of billions of wealth
from English owners, and If he lost he
would be in the game position as any
English colony. There is no wonder that
he declared war. If England had made
any concession In the face of that declara
tion she would have deserved the con
tempt of the world, but she has not and
dare not. If England was the tyrant
some of our Imported citizens wish to
make her, what position would her colo
nies take to-day? Certainly not the one
they are taking in furnishing her with
men and money, and their action is the
best refutation of the mean, cowardly at
tacks made on her. In the foregoing I
have not gone into details, which would
greatly emphasize her right, but have
only stated what is known to the world,
without bias or prejudice. I am an Amer
ican-born citizen, and since I can remem
ber anything I have always honored Eng
land for her care for her subjects, and
that Is her only crime In this war.
A. ROBINSON.
Benlcia, Jan. 7, 1900.
rived In the city yesterday on the Japan
ese steamer from the Orient.
Lieutenant Romanoff, an officer of the
Russian army, la at the Palace. He ar
rived yesterday from Vladivostok and 13
on his way to Europe.
B. Mano, professor of mechanical en
gineering at the Imperial University of
Tokio; J. Kono and S. Tsukapuchi. two
wealthy cotton merchants of Osaka, and
K. Kubota, a banker of Tokio. are at the
Occidental, where they arrived yesterday
from the Orient. They are visiting the
United States on business.
NEW FRENCH TORPEDO FOR HARBOR DEFENSE.
Weapon Called the "Lege," Recently Invented, Is Designed to Be
Towed in Series on Endless Chain Across
Entrance to a Port.
of $925,000 per annum. If the rate per code word of
an average of eight letters is .placed at 50 cents, then
upon the above estimates the cable need operate daily
less than four hours to put the enterprise upon a
sound financial basis."
MATERIAL FOR REPUBLICS.
THE imperialists are affected with that visual in
firmity called "far sight" This does not mean
that they see into the future nor backward to
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAXTJABY 9, 1900.
6J. J. BURKE— Presiding: Judse. J. F. CALOWELL— Starter.
(•aa FIRST RACE— Five furlongs ; selling; four- year-olds and up; puree, $400
Tlme _i4 : 24ij; %, :36»i; %, l:01tt- Good start. Won easing up. Second and third
driving. Winner, H. T. Griffln's b. f. by Imp. Esher-Mornlnz Glory.
Winner galloped. Credo cut oft at start. Faversham little speed.
Scratched— Jockey Bill 135.
(-QO SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400
Time— V;. :26%; v. :51Vi: %. 1:17; mile, 1:44. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving. Winner. H. L. Jones' b. c. by Morello-Mlss Lou.
Glengaber ran a game race: Bullman waited too long with Stuttgart. Storm King
quit In etretch. Lena away badly.
Scratched— Tirade 103, Kapldo 109, Inverary II 109.
PzCkA THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; puree. $400.
Time— %. :26; &. :50%; %, 1:17; mile. 1:44. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, E. Corrigan's blk. g. by imp. Artillery- Ventura.
Winner nicely rated. Mont Eagle might have won, better ridden. Sunello blew up.
Thomas Carey nut a good thing to-day.
r~€\"~ FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; handicap; three-year-olds and up;
O JOi purse >s'». ;
Timp—l.l6, : oc*i; 5-16, :33%; 9-16. :58; 13-16. 1:23%: mile. 1:43; 1 1-16 miles, 1:49%. Good
start. Won cleverly. Second and third drivlne. Winner, W. Shields' b. g. by Imp.
Uayon d'Or-lmi>. Astoria, -.-: .-¦*.¦
Zoroaster had considerable to spare. Daisy did not run very fast. Formero had early
speed. .
Scratched— Forte 107.
CAO FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400
Time— U. :24; hi, :45%; *4. 1:14%; Bad start. Won ridden out. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, W. R. Larzelere's b. f. by Duke of Montrose-Laura W.
Afamada In luck.» Mocorito would have won with an even break. She was almost
left at the post. Cyril warmed up very sore. "
Scratched— Good Hope 102, Ben Ledl 102. Silvertail 89, Champion Rose 87, Aluminum 107,
Raclvan 104, St. Casslmlr 95. '
p-Q»7 SIXTH RACE— Seven furlonsrs; three-year-olds and up; purse, JMO.
'Disqualified for fouling and placed last.
••Courled with Hlero.
Tlme-tt. :12H: %. :37; %. l:01V4: %. 1:28%. Poor start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, I. Morehouse's eh. g. by Duke of Norrolk-Carmen.
Duke of York won on his merits. Sugden was beaten at stretch turn and Conley
started the bumping:. O'Neil people were lucky.
Scratched— Tempo 115, Lucid ll>
nil r*T"l mr riles Rnd all Rectal
1 1 1I I 1 I 111 diseases cured or no
Ul U I lIUL pay. No detention from
11 I 3 nr business. DRS. MANS-
Hill 1 111 I I FIELD A PORTER-
I I VI I ¦ WUL FIELD. g3S Market St.,
Ban Francisco.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA,
Gleets, Strictures and analogous com-
plaints of the Organ* of Generation.
Price |1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wiintf. Man Vegetable PI
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED BY THOUSANDS
of persons who have used them for forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS,
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach,
. i'lmnles and uurlfy the blood.
Perfect Strength.
Ten thousand men have been restored to full vigor by
f— Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt. It infuses that warming.
£*\ healthful energy Into the weakened nerves and organs and
\ restores to them the vital force which they have lost. That
x \ la the whole secret of the success of Dr. McLaughlin's
Electric Belt.
p2^--^^— —^§ it Restores Vital Energy.
/~?/^ /tht h ' f*^'^ It is the one grand remedy, for
/ W / Tk^*Ti weak mon. It stops the losses and makes vigor
A \ i I ivj complete. Do you want to feel like yourself again?
§' ILI fjS I I,ay aside drugs and quackery and get tho grandest
I"- //sft * V mt i\ °' *^ remedies.
jMtzliL^Jg \ Dr - McLauglilin's Electric Belt.
GS^e^wS^Sl^^V I If you rri "'''Ot call at the nfiic<» prnd for the llttlo
*r» Wi MWT \ I hook, "Three Classes of Men," Illustrated. It is
five, sealed, by mail, or can be had at the office. Call or address,
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, jS*|^jr. - B l ffi i SfiJii;
Offlce Hour*— S a.m. to ?: 30 p.m.: Bundari. 19 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 5 NIGHTS!
FAREWELL MATINEE SATURDAY.
LIEBLER & CO. Present
Hall Calne's Most Powerful Play
"THE CHRISTIAtN."
Final Nicht. Saturday. January IX
SEAT SALE OPENS THURSDAY FOR
LOUIS KATHRYN CHARLES B.
JAMES, KIDDER, HANFORD
In the Mammoth Production of
"THE WINTER'S T«LE.'»
OPENING NIGHT NEXT MONDAY.
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR FLAT HOUSE.)
*dd7 and Jones Sts. ?aON£. SOCTjI 773.
TO-JSTIG-HT
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE RErNTZ-^ANTLEY NOVcCTV
AND BURL :SQUE COMPANY
AN AFFAIR OF HONOR !
POPULAR PRICES:
Evening 15c, 23c. 3.V. 30c and 7Sc.
Matinee 15c. 23c, 33c and 30c.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
THE RAYS' HOWLING SUCCESS.
"f\ MOT OLD TIWIE."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE. MAIN 532.
STILL PLAYINGTo CAPACITY!
THE TALK OF THE TOWN.
THIRD WEEK of the Extravaganza Furor.
....SINBAD....
A DELIGHTFUL ENTERTAINMENT.
PRICES 23c. 50c. 75c. «,
Galleries 10c and 13c.
Good reserved seat In orchrstra at Saturday
Matinee. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
_
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Madeline Lucclle Ry ley's Legitimate Comedy
MYSTERIOUS
MR. BUGLE!
SPECIAL SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
Next Week— LADY WINDERMERE'S FAN.
American Debut of MAY BLAYNEY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
—
BUSINESS AS 810 A 9 EVER! »
CROWDS FLOCKING TO SEE THE GOR*
GEOUS EXTRAVAGANZA.
LITTLE 80-PEEP
THE NEW EDITION EVERY EVENINO
THIS WEEK! !
SPECIAL CHILDREN'S MATINEE SATUR-
DAY! !
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 Cent*
Telephone for Swats, Bush. 9.
Next Production— Frank Daniels' Greatest Suo-
cess,
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
The H!«h-water Mark cf Vaudeville.
THE ELINORE SISTERS.
In Georre M. Cohan's Greatest Hit. "DAK-
OEROT'S MRS. OELAN'ET."
FRANK" LATONA. The Musical Tramp.
CHARLES A. GARDNER. JOHN and NEL-
LIE MacARTHEY. HILLY RICE and H. W.
FRILLMAN. THE ROZINOS. DOROTHY
DREW. THORNE and CARLETON.
Last Week of the Reigning Favorite.
FOUGERE
Reserved Seats. 2.* c; Balcony. 13c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c. . •
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING. Jan. 1-20. 1300. Inclusive.
Six high-class runnlnjc races every week-day.
rain or ihlne. beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
tron« «tcp directly from the railroad cars Into
a mperb yrand stand, glass-enclosed. wher«
comfortably housed In bad weather they caa
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Train* leave Third and Townsend streets at
100 10:40 and 11:30 a. nv. and 12:15. 12:35. 12. *j
and' 1:25 p. m., returning immediately a:r*r
last race at 4:45 p. m. Rear cars reserved
for women and their escorts. No smoking.
Valencia atreet 10 minutes later.
San Jose and war stations. Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:M
and 4:45 D. m.
Rate-*: Ean' Francisco to Tanforan and r*>
turn. Including admission to track. }1 23.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. B. GREEN. Secretary and Manager*
Santa Fe Sued.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 6.— John H. Henn
cf KJnjjman. Ariz., has begun a cult in.
the Federal court here against the Santa
Fe Pacific Hallway Company, claiming
530.052 ."5 damages. The allegation is that
pparks from an engine of the defendant
company sot fire to the town of Kingman
and the plaintiff's property was burned.
Nine Years for Fisher.
LOR ANGELES. Jan. S.-Oeorge Fisher,
a professional burglar, who has been op
erating extensively here, was sentenced
this morning to nine years' service at
Folsrr;m Penitentiary. Fisher came here
from Kansas.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authrrity, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All
Anyone Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss of
lime From Work.
To the thousands upon thousands of ruptured
people who are torturing themselves with
trusses and In momentary danger of death from
strangulation Dr. W. S. Rice. 41S L. Main
street. Adams, N.
-r ~^l * V-, win send free
to all a trial of
/r f^^ SysS^ his famous method
// / YW that has Bayed s'J
it «(. \v many Hves and
// V Y\ made so many
i ra?> ! ?fe: .*5 V nun. women iin.l
V»r*^O^-*?V J! children well and
II j I?s(.\ - J strong and perma-
\\ WfT,, i. >fi*^ I nently cured of old
W Ztimdy'*- HM YJ and difficult rup-
Vl'l BSTSStli** ~S*r/ tures. Do n^t be
/^?slffs?ti»^-4 3sP backward about
{fo'^'tfJiVlf-' R?tV writing for the
Vl -'.^>* free trlal - U wIU
i"fl£2fjiflCt~»pA-'»'c* r5 cost you nothing
VXrtgJjUr you to see how
«Jt*^ easily you can cure
- „ _ ; _ _.'.^i. yourself In a very
M. X LYMAN. short time without
losing an' hour from work. Dr. Rice Is deter-
mined that every suffering man or woman shall
know the wonderful truth that rupture can be
cured and he therefore generously sends, pre-
paid by mall, his method, absolutely free, and
you ran make a free trial of It. Write to-day
without fall, as you cannot afford to miss this
free and generous offer.
Mr. M. K. Lyman. a highly esteemed cltlien
of Delray, Fla., says: "The I>r. Ulce method Is
a remarkable cure. I had an old rupture that
defied everything, but In three weeks there was
no protrusion and I have remained sound and
well ever since. I heartily recommend Dr. Rice
to every sufferer." Do not fall to write at once
for the free trial and thus cure yourself at home
without pain, danger or detention from the
day's work. Write at once. Commence now
and before the heavy work of spring begins you
will be cured sound as a dollar.
Write to Dr. W. S. Rice. 418 L. Main St..
Adams, N. Y. You will never regret having
done so^ • ¦— ¦-'
College Reopens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, Jan. B.— Studies were
resumed during the week at Santa Clara
College. Nearly all the students have re
turned and there is a good attendance.
Farmers' Institute.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Jan. B.— The Farmers' In
stitute, which opens here next Friday,
will be conducted by Professors D. T.
Fowler and A. P. Hayne of the State Uni
versity.
OX Thursday evening next the Colum
bia Athletic Club will hold its regular
boxing exhibition at Its clubrooms, 23
Golden Gate avenue. Five bouts have
been arranged for the evening's entertain
ment. "Doc" Flynn and Charles Itochette
will furnish the event of the evening.
They will tight at 130 pounds and are
scheduled to go ten rounds. The battle
between these two will be worth seeing.
Flynn Is looked upon as a gritty and
clever boxer and Rochette has already
won a name for his ability to take and
administer punishment. Flynn has im
proved greatly since his voluntary "go"
with L,awler. The young boxer helped
train "Jack" O'Brien for his fight with
Neill and learned many new points about
the game. He is strong and can deliver
damaging blows. Both boys have trained
faithfully for their match.
The other bouts will be between Wil
liam Condon and William Perry at 135
pounds; Charles Johnson and Jack Sulli
van at -the same weight; William Lundy
and Charles Trost at US pounds, and Kid
Dobson and Ed Wiley at 115 pounds.
The Columbia Athletic Club is about to
move into mure convenient quarters. Its
managers have determined to pay the
$1000 license and will continue to furnish
good tport.
INDOOR BASEBALL AT
THE OLYMPIC CLUB
Indoor baseball, which has been dor
mant by reason of the holiday season,
has sprung into life again at the Olympic
Club. This is due to the energy displayed
by Captain James and Manacer A. S.
Stone. The latter have set the ball
a-rolling toward the home plate with re
newed vigor, as It will soon be necessary
for them to choose nine athletes to defend
the title of the club and also strive to win
the silver cup in the tournament which is
to open the first week in February.
To-night two nines, composed of the best
players in the institution, will be pitted
against each other, and each player will
do his best, aa they will be Judged by
critical eyes, and the men who show them
selves proficient in the lively contest will
be chosen to represent the club in the
tournament.
The nines will be composed of George
Fuller. William McLaine. Harry L. Mono
han, J. F. Cunningham, Fred Butz. B. T.
Harrison, William Glmmel, George James.
XV. J. Leonard. W. Cartwright. A. Val
desplno, William Hanrahan. D. A. Car
roll, Phil Wand. Charles S. Pray. C. Der
ham, T. Mahern and John Tate.
NEILL AND
O'BRIEN TO
BE MATCHED
BOTH LADS
CONFIDENT
OF VICTORY
National Athletic Club Man
agers Offer Th?m a Re
turn Fight
The National Athletic Club has virtu
ally d«K-ide<i to give "Jack" O'Rrien and
Al ScUl a return engagement. Both men
have expressed a willingness to settle the
question of supremacy, and it is proba
ble that on Friday. February 9, the two
will .".cain come together in Woodward's
Pavilion. Both men are confident of vic
tory and will each place a side bet of
j: in the hands of responsible parties.
Kver since the unsatisfactory ending of
their contest last Friday night followers
. t the ring have be<»i divided in their
opinions us to which was the better man,
arid this fact alcne bespeaks a large at
tendance when they again step under the
ropes.
O'Hrien is nursing a sore hand, which
he pays will be in good condition wh^n
he agaJn meets the young Ca.liforni.in. He
dislocated one of the knuckles in the
. i»;hth round by striking it against his
opponent's elbow while trying to deliver
one of his effective uppercuts. O'Brien
Slated yesterday that he would prove to
the people of this city that lie could de
liver an effective punch. He has all the
confidence in the world that he can take
NeiU's measure. He does not attempt to
lMliitle Al's ability as a boxer; he thinks
him <mo of tho best in his class.
For preliminaries, Manager Gibbs will
undoubtedly match "Jack" Kaiie of this
city and Hufe Turmr of Stockton and
Phil Green and "Jack" McDonald to box
ten rounds respectively. Both fights
would excite great interest in pugilistic
circles, as tho men named have won high
honors in tlu:r chosen occupation.
Kane lately returned from Colorado,
where he defeated some of the best men
of that Stato. He is a two-handed tighter
and can hit as hard as a middle-weight.
Turner ha* Buffered but one defeat' since
he entered the ring, and that was at the
hands < 1 •'Kid" Parker. The men em
ployed at the Union Iron Works are so
confident that McDonald can defeat
Ore^n that they have raised Jj"jO to back
their man. McDonald Is the champion
middle- weight of the coast, having de
feated all comers for the Oelrichs belt in
the Olympic Club tournament held a few
months ago.
¦ ? ¦
SPEEDY DOGS WILL
COURSE ON WEDNESDAY
Mid-week Stake Will Be B-un Off at
Union Park — Probable Winners
in the First Round.
Having secured a large consignment of
bares the I.'nion Coursing Park manage
ment will to-morrow reinaug-urate its
midweek rourfcinp, which has proved a
popular innovation with its patrons.
Fifty-nx promising dogs were drawn last
night to compete for the usual midweek
btakes and good pport is expected. Fol
lowing is the stake:
Midweek ftako, f.fty-Bix entries — George
g'liarnia.n tnatiiesi Wall a Bit vs. J. Keenan'a
Royal <>ak: >. McCullough'B Margarita vs.
il. WVitwrs Montana; Maher & Reids
is. Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair;
Maht-r A: Beid'a Kelly Bawn vs. M. Micha
lak's Joker; Curtis & Son's lioho vb. Irwia
A; Lyons' Silver Wing?; O. Wiley inamcsj
Gaslight vn. J. McEnroe's NorwePt: J. Mar
tin«>ti s lVmal Hoy v». Thomas Xevln'a
Nellie X; T. J. Cronla'e Iron Duke vs. J. 11.
i'criKo'e Controller; S. Mahoney's Violet vs.
J. Kit-nan't lilacklock; J. H. Perlgo - B LaJy
!>avent«jrt vs. Gus Abercrombie's Miss Rich
rcond; .1. Neary'n Touche P&* vs. Curtis <V
fcSor.'e McKlnley; \V. 11. Jones' Lady Marlon
vs. Pasta* K*-nnels" Royal Ann; J. Itownlnj:
inunef) DempMjr Lat>s vs. E. liaumelster'e
Wionlns W£>.*; .<. Mthonoy'i Chief of the
Hills. v>. O. J. < ilf-son's Sunt>urst; K. Patterson
< names j Klre Queen vs. Land & Gerber'B Con
¦ ¦! ¦:: Apneij Kennels' Athena \s. Irwin &
Lynn'B Silver Lion; F. A. McComb'B Une Spot
vs. Actteid K«*r.nels' I'retender; Gus Aber
. rombie'fl Mie« llabbit vs. C. C. Griswold's
Master Workman; T. J. Cronln's Hose ot
Tral<-.- v>. Qeorg* ircharman (.narr.ee.) Miss
Skyrocket; J. M. Halton i names) Tic Tac vs.
Hash*. Kennels' Beat AssurtU; \V. H. Jonea'
Kurt in vf. E. IJaumeister's War Cloud; K. K.
C> H. Loi*ez's Mike I>av*-y vs. Curtis & Son's
Commodore; A. J. Austin's Firm Foe vs. T.
J. Cr'ir.in's Depend On Me; J. Muller (names)
Cadenza \8- J. H. Peri(?<j'a Pretty Girl; Maher
&r H'-Jd's iiad Boy v*. E. F. Frank's Delia M;
11. I-. Je B. Lopes'* McGregor vs. J. O'Dowd's
Clifton La.hs; Hall & Ni-wall's Nonpareil vs.
F. <:. Mack (names) Black Patti; Hall &
Nepali' as Rough Rider vs. T. J. Croaia'B Maid
.1 Bail.
The winner* in the first round on Wednes-
Oay thouid be: Royal Oak. Marparita, Vanity
lair. Nellie Hawn. iSilver Wings. Norwest.
IJernkl Boy. Controller, ' Blacklock, Lady
Davenport. McKinley. Royal Anne, Winning
\Vnyp, Sunburst. Concord, Athena, Pryender,
Matter Workman, Miss Skyrocket, Rtist As
sured. Rastan, Commodore, L>ei>end on Me,
Pretty Girl. Bad Boy. Clifton Lass, Nonpariel,
Maid ci Bail.
« » ¦
McGovem a 2 to J Favorite
Over Dixon for To-Night's
Fight
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. B.— ln the arena of
the Broadway Athletic Club to-morrow
night George Dixon of Boston and "Terry"
McGovern of Brooklyn will struggle for
the featherweight championship of the
world and a purse of $10,000.
So far as condition and confidence are
concerned, honors are about even. No
two lighters ever trained more faithfully
than the chocolate-colored Bostonian and
the tturdy little Brooklynite. Each man
ha» made all kinds of sacrifices In order
to Jit himself thoroughly for the battle,
which means so much to tho winner In the
liuanciui and pugilistic world. Both are
extremely conndent oi success and each
predicts a haid light. McGovern lias the.
call in the betting at odds or 2 to 1. Very
lew large wagers have been placed on the
contest as aumirers of the colored cham
pion have aL-ked for 2Va to 1 tor tneir
money. The AlcGovern men have refused
to lay such long odds, which accounts lor
the absence of a big betting interest in the
nght.
•j.'he only wager of consequence recorded
to-day was between "Joe ' i>lacias and
John Blackburn. *>JU to IZSO, Maciaß tak
ing the short end. It is quite probable
that the betliim at the ringside will be
lively, if the Xjixou men will consent to
lake j.O to \i or 10 to 7 ior their money.
McGorern'a admirers n'gure the Brook
lynue champion over Dixon owing to his
wonderfully aggressive tactics, tremen
tious lutting power and great strength.
i'hey say tnai Dixon has never yet met
a iad who was so thoroughly equipped in
the departments nameu as the conqueror
of "Pedlar" I'almer. They also argue that
Dixon's style of lighting will suit tho
bantara-wtight champion to a nicety.
They point out that no man who has ever
torcea the lighting with McGovern has
been able to last very long before his
blows. Dixon lignts fast all the while. He
tjoes right at his man as soon as the bell
rings and this sort ot work, "Terry's"
mends say, will quickly result in Dixon's
downfall.
Those who favor Dixcn contend that the
colored boy. who is a veteran at the box
ing game, is a better ring general, just as
hara a hitter and much more clever than
McGovern. They also say that he is taller
and longer in tne reach than McGovern.
To their way of thinking the only advan
tage McGovern has is youth, and they
cannot possibly see how this single ad
vantago will give him the victory over
Dixon, who has fought English and Aus
tralian, as well as American champions,
his friends say, has never been knocked
out in actual competition. He has met
ligluers ut weights varying from 116 to 1-4
[H>unds, and, although he has been out
pointed, he has never been seriously hurt.
iiow McGovern's friends can expect a lad
with such limited ring experience as
••Terry" possesses to knock out a man
who has engaged in more than 200 con
tests with no serious results is beyond the
comprehension of the colored boys
backers.
Dixon discussed the fight with some of
his fricnus at his training quarters in
Ltfikewood, N. J., to-day. During the dis
cussion Dixon made a remarkably strong
point as to his ability to successfully copu
with a boxer of the McGovern type. He
referred to his light with Oscar Gardner
more than a year ago. At that time
Gardner was at the top rank of feather
weights. His styie of lighting very much
resembles McGovern's. Gardner forced
the issue from the start and tried hard to
score an early knockout, but Dixon soon
put him on the defensive with swinging
left-hand body blows and eventually won.
Dixon naturally ligures that if he could
stand off Gardner, he should be equally
successful with McGovern.
DIBBLEE TO COACH HARVARD.
California Football Expert Reap-
pointed to the Position.
Special I>i?patch to The Call.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Jan. B.— At a
meeting of Harvard football men, includ
ing members of the Varsity eleven and
class teams, held this evening in the tro
phy rooms of Harvard gymnasium, it was
announced by Captain Charles Daly that
Benjamin H. Dibblee of California had
tx-en reappointed head coach for next
year. Dibblee at present is in California.
The real object of the meeting was to get
the measurements of the different foot
ball candidates for next year. Dibblee
has made a very good record as coach
the past year, and while it was rumored
he would not accept the position of head
coach again, he was prevailed upon to
take the place. •f^feS
Neill-O'Brien to Be Matched Again.
Dixon-McGovern Mill To-Night.
SPORTING EVENTS
Olympic Club Indoor Baseball.
Midweek Coursing Drawings. ,
OLYMPICS TO
ENTERTAIN
FAIR ONES
An Excellent Programme Is
Arranged in Their
Honor.
Ladies will be royally entertained at the
Olympic Club to-morrow evening. Leader
John A. Hammersmith has arranged an
excellent entertainment in their honor,
and those who participate will do their
best to win the plaudits of the fair sex.
Mr. Hammersmith has during his term
as leader endeavored to make each suc
ceeding ladies' night surpass the preced
ing one. Judging by the programme lie
has increased his good endeavors.
He has a surprise in store tor those who
attend. It is in the nature of a club
swinging and boxing exhibition by twelve
gaudily dressed Chinese "kids." Profes
sor George S. Miehllng, who is known at
the club as "Mcc L.ung," has drilled his
heathen pupils into the mysteries of club
swinging, ami their progress is surpris
iiiK I"he little yellow denizens of China
town take to their exercise with delight,
and their gyrations will certainly please
the audience. Four of the club swingers
have readily adopted the American siyle
of fighting and are proficient in the use
of their hands. They are scheduled to
give a scientific exhibition with the gloves,
and li will undoubtedly be amusing.
Those who have seen tho youngsters per
form in private claim that it is more ex
citing than a regular prize-ring contest.
Queues are often unloosened in the heat
of the fray, and the referee is compelled
to keep a watchful eye on the boxers to
see that they do not foul by pulling the
tempting topknot.
The programme will open with an over
ture by the orchestra. At its conclusion
the Ah Lungs will run a potato race.
Then F. Burgess and A. L. Stone will give
their sensational exhibition in novelty
lumping into and out of barrels. George
Hammersmith will sing sweetly and in
troduce some specialties that will surely
win favor. The Lamonts will give an
acrobatic performance, and Leonardo will
follow in a thrilling flying trapeze act.
Harry Wood Brown will render a bary
tone solo, accompanied by Maurice Kram
mer. Charles Slamberg will swing clubs
and AY. J. Leonard and E. A. Carroll will
give a sparring exhibition with blackened
irlove* The "yellow kids" will follow
with three lively rounds, and the enter
tainment will conclude with springboard
leaping by Professor Leando and mem
bers of the Olympic Club.
BACKERS OF
AN OUTSIDER
FELT GLOOMY
Duke of York Won at Odds
of 150 to I and Was
Disqualified,
Probably for grand stand effect and to
satisfy the clamoring of a half-hundred
bettors, Duke of York, a 150 to 1 outsider,
was disqualified after winning the laat
race at Tanforan yesterday, and the purse
was given to Nance O'Neil. Sugden, a
strongly touted one, led the big field into
the stretch, *ith Hennessy on Duke of
York a dangerously close second. Observ
ing his mount to be tiring, Conley on the
former began currying Hennessy out,
while Hennessy in turn bore in on the col
ored rider. Over a sixteenth from the
wire Sugden was hopelessly beaten, and,
finishing strong, the Duke downed Nance
O'Neil a head. The last named mare was
extensively backed in the ring and was
given the race, although why and on what
grounds she was entitled to it is a mys
tery. Only two favorites were successful,
and the eighteen books cutting in enjoyed
another profitable day.
Tommy Grlflin was represented in tne
opening five-furlong scramble, with the
weights raised twenty-eight pounds above
the scale, by Theory. The mare ruled fa
vorite in the betting and won all the way.
Sweet William was a handy second over
Faversham.
Glengaber, a 12 to 1 shot, ridden by
Spencer, captured the mile selling run. He
was headed for over a half-mile by Storm
King, but when the latter horse tired in
the stretch again took the lead, winn'.ng
cleverly. Stuttgart, the favorite, ran
third.
Corrigan's Wallensteln scored a handy
win in the second mile selling run. going
to the post a 7 to 10 favorite. Sunello. v
20 to 1 shot, went out with a great show
ing of speed, closing up, however, when
half the route had been traversed. At the
close Ailenna gave the favorite quite a
stiff argument, losing out by only a length.
Jenkins put up a strikingly bad ride on
Mont Eagle, which finished third.
It would seem that Zoroaster has again
struck his winning lick. After twice get
ting beaten when starting favorite, the
ring laid 6 to 1 about the gelding yester
day, and he made a show of his field in
the mile and a sixteenth handicap. In
both of his former runs, it is said, he was
short, and the smart money did not go
on him. Yesterday after Marcato had led
into the stretch Spencer moved along with
Zoroaster, winning in a jog from the fa
vorite, Daisy F.
The backers of Afamada, second choice
for the six-furlong sprint, no doubt played
in great luck. Moccrito. the favorite, was
almost left and then ran a phenomenal |
race. Leading after a quarter had been
covered, Afamada downed Cyril a length,
with Glissando a close third.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's running events:
First race— Six furlongs; selling; maiden
three-year-olds and ur
569 First Shot 104 E9l Master Lee 114
568 FUle dOr 99 j 578 Miss Vera 99
585 Isallne 99 5*6 Florence Fink.. 93
668 Tom Sharkey....lol 881 CoL Root 119
S6S March Seven 99 SKS Miss Soak 119
586 Delecta 114 56S Tekla 104
656 Miss Reel 114 509 Illllouette 93
6!56 Braw I^ass 113
Second race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and up.
5*2 Champion Rose. 871 591 Lucid 105
557 Oralbee 100 1 574 Dolore 103
6SS Rlxford :... 89! SSO Gold Baron 100
522 Melkarth 105 : 554 Torlblo 103
Third race— One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling.
647 Tirade 112, 579 Ballsta 100
688 Rapldo 109 531 Whaleback 109
670 Inverary II 109 590 Watossa 109
688 Greyhurst 109 564 Sardonic 107
Fourth race — Seven furlongs; all ages.
543 The Fretter 1041 693 Storm King 107
573 Bannockburn ..10"; (sS3)Geyser 119
620 Tar Hill 891
Fifth race— One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and up.
SSSTWIdtan 10S! 588 Alicia 103
673 Del Paso 108 544 Donator 105
593 O'Connor 1001 593 Tom Cromwell.. los
Sixth race — Five furlongs; three-year-olds
and up.
561 Frank Bell 113 592 Gov. Sheehan 120
674 Decoy 104 571 Sea Lion 119
581 Miss Marlon 11l (442)5t. Caslmlr 104
581 Lady Heloise....Us 543 Ollnthus 108
580 Monda ...113
Selections for To-Day.
First race— lsallne, Delecta, Miss Soak.
Second race — Melkart, Dolore, Rlxford.
Third race — Tirade, Sardonic, Ballsta.
Fourth race— Geyser, Bannockburn. Tar Hill.
Fifth race— Mldian, Alicia, Del Paso 11.
Sixth race— Frank Bell, Miss Marlon, St. Cas
lmir.
THE EMPOEITJM.
| THE EMPORIUM.
| A Dress Goods §
\Sale That Breaks All\
i Previous Records. |
mm •
$ Half a thousand pieces of the handsomest mate- $
£ rials produced for Winter 1899- 1900, ranging in length S
jf from 2* to 15 yards each — nearly a hundred different j
J styles — high-art novelties, fancy mixtures, plaids and J
f stylish plain weaves — fabrics that have been selling J
$at from 75c to $3 the yard — on sale this zceek on |
I Center Tables £
I At One-Third Off i
I Regular Prices. \
{£ 75c Dress Goods sOc $1.25 Dress Goods.. 83c I $2.oo Dress (\oofa. sl^3 "«
tf 90c Dres3 Good 3 6Oc U. 50 Dress Good*.s/ Ot* j $2.50 Dress Goods. $1.67 "'
j£ $1 00 Dres3 G00d3....67c $1.75 Dress Goods. $1.17 |* 3 Dress Goods.. $2.00 *J
£ Lengths of 6 yards and under will not bo cut. £
x .%
$ "tarjlivator. ©©fl<£3cn ffcafcs ßazaar. H^uitfs^lxt* 5
ti CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. S ' S
AMUSEMENTS^
CALIFORNIAjHEATERKr
THE AS
OLD PRETTY
SAYING: AS A
PICTURE.
TO-NIGHT.
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL THE MOD-
ERN COMEDIES.
"THE
PRINCESS
AND THE
BUTTERFLY."
By Arthur Plnero. England's Most Successful
Comedy Writer.
?,THE FRAWL£Y COMPANY...
AND MISS MARY SCOTT.
Her First Appearance on Any Stage.
OUR Night 75c, 50c. 25c
POPULAR Matinee JOc. 23c
PRICES. Box and Loge Seats $1 00
Next Sunday Night— Daly's Splendid Comedy,
"THE COUNTESS GUCKI."
MISS MARY VAN BUREN
In Ada** Rehnn's Fr.mous Role,
In Preparation— "THE HEART OF MAItY-
xx * and -" ;„—.
TO-MORROW, Wednesday Afternoon, 2:30 p.m.
America's Peerless Diva,
EMMA NEVADA
Entire Change of Programme.
Last Concert Next Friday Afternoon.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
HUNTINGTON KEEPS QUIET.
Has Not Replied to the Query of the
Shippers.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. B.— Up to a late
hour this afternoon the acting' head of
the joint conference of the three com
mercial bodies and the Clearing House
Association, that has in hand the solution
of the question of routing cars between
the Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe
and the citrus fruit-shippers, had not re
ceived a telegram from President ¦C. P.
Huntingdon. When the committee tele
graphed to Presidents Riplcy and Hunt
ington the Santa Fe executive promptly
responded, while Private Secretary Gates,
acting for President Huntlngton, replied
that the matter would to-day receive at
tention.
The conference proposed by the Los An
geles gentlemen will not be held until Mr.
Huntlngton is heard from.
It la stated that between sixty and
seventy cars of oranges have to-day been
forwarded and that the routing has been
waived under legal and formal advice,
served with and made a part of the record
of each shipment.
Fired a Store.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVIL.L-E, Jan. B.— While frenzied
from drink this morning Tom Jones and
James Wade set fire to Hlbbert & Burris"
stores and Joe Losey's saloon and lodg
ing house in Browns Valley and are now
in the County Jail, charged with arson.
All that prevented the men from succeed
ing in their purpose was the fact that the
miners changed' shift at an opportune
moment and were able to stay the flames,
which had gained quite a headway. The
men were employed in the mining camp
as carpenters.
England's Armored Trains.
The magnificent armored trains used by Eng
land In her war with the Boers will transport
her troops, protect bridges and telegraphic
communications in about the same way that
Hoßtetter's Stomach Bitters drives dyspepsia
from the human stomach and then mounts
guard that It does not return. The Bitters
has won In every case of Indigestion, bilious
ness, liver and kidney trouble for the past
fifty years. It is invaluable at all times.
GOLF GIRLS AT PRESIDIO.
Miss Sara Drum Wins the Putting
Competition With a Creditable
Thirteen ladies of the San Franci.^co
Golf Club yesterday entered the putting
competition for the Bohemian glass vase
presented by J. \Y. Byrne. Each competi
tor putted four balls from four diagonally
opposite points on the circumference of
each of the nine greens. Owing to the
fact that ihe greens are in a rough con
dition and slow the competition was in
creaaed in difficulty, so that the scores of
more than naif the contestants were de
cidedly crc-di table. Miss Sara Drum won
with I*3. Hits Alice Hoffman and Miss
Morgan titing for second place with %
each. The genres were as follows:
Miss Sara Drum, 93.
Miss Altce Coiden Hoffman, 96.
Miss Ella "VVilcox Morgan, 96.
Miss Edith Mcßean. 21
Miss Maud Mulllr.s. 9S.
iMiss Mai Moody, 98.
iliss Mary Scott. S3.
Mrs. Henry Scott, 10L
Mrs. 11. C. Breeden, 109.
Mrs. E. A. Belcher, 112.
Miss M. Pea.se. 114.
Miss Therese Morgan, 115.
Miss Caro Crockett. 117.
SUIT DECIDED AGAINST
THE NORTHERN PACIFIC
WASHINGTON, Jan. B.— ln an opinion
handed down in the United States Su
preme Court to-day by Justice Harlan,
the title of the Oregon and California
Railway Company to large tracts ot land
in the State of Oregon was confirmed. The
lands were granted to the railroad com
pany many yeart; ago. but its claims were
contested by the Government. The main
controversy was between the Oregon and
California road and the Northern Pacific.
The Northern Pacific Company claimed
under an earlier errant, but it was shown
that this road had not filed a map of defi
nite location and thus failed to earn the
grant. Hence the court held that, not
withstanding the later date of the grant
to the Oregon Company, it was entitled
to the lands.
The lands involved lie south of Port
land and largely In the Willamette Val
ley. They embrace about 42.001 aores and
are said to be worth now $5,(Xa>,000 or J6.00J,
000.
L.ike decisions were made in the cases
of Wllcox vs. the Eastern Oregon Land
Company ¦ and Messenger vs. the samo
company. These controversies also were
largely "with the Northern Pacific Com
pany. In conflict with military wapon
roads. The decisions were adverse to the
\nrthprn Pacific in these cases.
Kennebec's Cargo Accepted.
VAL.LEJO. Jan. S.— The Government
has accepted the cargo of coal brought
to Mare Island on the ship Kennebec at
a discount of 15 per cent. Tho Kennc
bec's cargo took fire at sea, but the cap
tain battened down her hatches and came
on to the navy-yard without reporting it.
When the vessel tied up at Mare Island
the fire was discovered and the cargo
flooded. The ship was hauled into the
Ftream and her cargo rejected. The out
come was the acceptance of the coal by
the Government at a reduced rate.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyrlffht, 1900, by 11. 11. Erbert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Monday, January 8, 1900.— Thirty-second day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine.
Track slow.
DEADLY GUNS USED
BY CHINESE AT TONKIN
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. B.— The details of
the fighting: on the Tonkin frontier in
China in which the Chinese crossed the
Tonkin border and by a flank movement
drove the French from their position
show that the Chinese used breech-load
ing Jingals with much success.
The Jingal was adopted last year for the
Chinese army and is being turned out by
thousands at live Chinese arsenals. They
use center lire cartridges carrying two
half-ounce slugs and they carry further
than the French magazine rifles. It takes
two Chinese soldiers to operate each gun.
Later at Paksi Chinese invaded a. gam
ing house, killing three French soldiers
and wounding others.
THE SAN FKAXOISOO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY- 0, 1900.
FLYNN WILL
BOX CLEVER
C. ROCHETTE
"DOC" FLYNN
7
t. Hor
rse.
;
Age.
. Weig
i
St.
Mm.
t.
%m.
»im.
i
Str. Fin. Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
.MO
i7O
552
Ml
4
ill!
4
O>H
l.
.1291
,135
.144
.135
.131
13S
j
5
1 1
3 tt
* H
6 H
2 2
6
1 4
2 3
4 H
5 4
32
6
;
13 16 lJenklns
2 5 2 5 Hull man
4 2 3 H Ruiz
6 4 ?Vt Spencer
8 % 510 H. Shields....
6 6 Ameg
3-2 8-5
2 4
5 S
5 3
7 8
15 30
675
572
tes
rx.
0
J
:. ll'
Olpi
Stui
Htoi
L*-n
Cod
Dr.
O'C
Glei
Ton
Kas
(orse.
¦ngatx
ittgar
>rm X
ia, 6.
ia, a
Mar
'onno:
¦n An
;n Cn
stlne.
4.
4..
b. a
4..
B."
IWf]
. We
6.....
•ll',"a'
a!ght|St.
...109j 5
...107 6
...US g
.1.109 9
...107 10
...100| 3
..104; 4
...107 2
L..112 1
...102 7
1 %¦
6 2
4 1
8 M.
9 2
7 1
5 h
J^ 4
*4m.
il
6 2
1 V 4
7 V 4
9 5
6 hi
8 1
2 h
4 V 4
10
3~h~
6 h
1 2
4 h
9 6
7 1
6 h
2 1
5 5
10
Str.
1 1
5 1
2 H
4 H
7 1
8 8
6 %
3 h
9 5
10
Betting.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1 3 Spencer S 12
2 4 Bullman 2 11-5
3 h Vittltoe 3 4
4"a Ruiz 6 9
s\i Basslnger .... 12 30
6Vi Jenkins 8 10
7 M T. Walsh 10 20
8 2 Henry 10 23
9 8 G. Jones 5 6
10 Phelan 20 IS
ndex. Horse. Weight.' St.
570 Wallelnnteln 109 3
E;,S Allenna 101 4
&37 Mont Eagle 1&5 2
CS2 Bam Dannenbaum.-lW 7
f,6:t Sunello 107 6
665 Zlska 101 6
(&7S) Thomas Carey 103j 1
Betting.
Urn. %m. %ra. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Ti Th T% Tv TT* Spencer 1 7-10
6% 6h 51 22 2hJ. Martin 4" «
7 7 63 BV4 36 Jenkins 6 6
42 3 h 21 4>i 4 h Bullman 20 25
lh 11 lh 61 53 Morgan 6 20
2 H 2h 3% 61 BHT. Walsh 30 60
8% 4 H 7 7 7 N. Hill 6 10
Index. Horse. Age.
677 Zoroaster. 4..
(5R9) Daisy P, 5
667 Marcato, 5...
(573) Kormero. 4...
(579) San Venado.
'r,
Weight. St.
114 4
104 3
114 2
109 1
J 102 5
%m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeyt. Op. C».
5 5 4 2 1 lft 1 ltt Spencer ...... 3 9-2
3n 41 22 2Vt 2 1 Jenkins 4-6 7-10
21 lft 1H 82-32 Thorp* 5 10
1 h 2 h & 42 46 Ruiz 6 7
4 1 3 IVi 3 h 5 5 X. HIU .j 10 13
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
f.R3 Afamada, 6 109 4
671 Cyril. 6 107 3
554 Gllssando, 3 92 1
<.W) St. Cuthbert, 5 100 2
F. 07 Mocorlto, 6 109 5
Km.'
__
4 8
1 h
2 h
5
Betting.
%m. Etr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
11 lh 11 Jenkins 1 9-5
3 % 2 h 2ns J. Walsh, 7 12
2 h 4 3 3 2 Bassinuer .... 20 100
4 3 3 H 4(4 E. Jones 6 11-2
6 6 6 Hullman 8-5 8-5
I!
n<lex. Horse. Age. WelKht.[St.
r.SO Duke of York 11. 6.112 2
r.32 Nance O'Nell. 2.... ?2 1
443 Sullen. 4 112 3
t.f.6 Hattlc Fox, 3 -.95 5
630 Hiero, 5 115 7
ER2 Collins, a 112 6
C6S Caesar Younß, 2—2 — 97 ?
£R5 Itedwald, 4 97 8
6£S The OfTerlnß. 4 107 9
r.S3 Favorlto, 3 84 13
SCS FiroliKht 11, 3 94 12
CSS Modwena, 4 107 10
566 Clpriano. S 112|11
Hra. Hm.
~2~2 "~Z~i
4% 3 3
12 12
6 2' 4 h
92 8 1
12 6 1
62 9 1
10 1 10
7h H -
11 h 12
13 13
3 Vi 5 h
8h 7 1
%m. Str.
22
3 3
11
5 1
10
12
11
13
Betting.
Pin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Ih* Hennessey ... 20 100
2 1 Phelan 3 13-5
3 * Conley (
4 2 Henry « 40
6 H Spencer 2 9-5
6Vi Ruiz io 30
7 2 Baßßinger 10 io
8 1 T. Walßh •• ••
9 1 I. Powell 20 30
10 3 Buchanan .... 12 30
11 J. Martin 20 40
12 N. Hill 8 12
13 E. Rosa 20 60
t. Hor
rse.
;
Age.
. Weig
i
St.
Mm.
t.
%m.
»im.
i
Str. Fin. Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
.MO
i7O
552
Ml
4
ill!
4
O>H
l.
.1291
,135
.144
.135
.131
13S
j
5
1 1
3 tt
* H
6 H
2 2
6
1 4
2 3
4 H
5 4
32
6
;
13 16 lJenklns
2 5 2 5 Hull man
4 2 3 H Ruiz
6 4 ?Vt Spencer
8 % 510 H. Shields....
6 6 Ameg
3-2 8-5
2 4
5 S
5 3
7 8
15 30
675
572
tes
rx.
0
J
:. ll'
Olpi
Stui
Htoi
L*-n
Cod
Dr.
O'C
Glei
Ton
Kas
(orse.
¦ngatx
ittgar
>rm X
ia, 6.
ia, a
Mar
'onno:
¦n An
;n Cn
stlne.
4.
4..
b. a
4..
B."
IWf]
. We
6.....
•ll',"a'
a!ght|St.
...109j 5
...107 6
...US g
.1.109 9
...107 10
...100| 3
..104; 4
...107 2
L..112 1
...102 7
1 %¦
6 2
4 1
8 M.
9 2
7 1
5 h
J^ 4
*4m.
il
6 2
1 V 4
7 V 4
9 5
6 hi
8 1
2 h
4 V 4
10
3~h~
6 h
1 2
4 h
9 6
7 1
6 h
2 1
5 5
10
Str.
1 1
5 1
2 H
4 H
7 1
8 8
6 %
3 h
9 5
10
Betting.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1 3 Spencer S 12
2 4 Bullman 2 11-5
3 h Vittltoe 3 4
4"a Ruiz 6 9
s\i Basslnger .... 12 30
6Vi Jenkins 8 10
7 M T. Walsh 10 20
8 2 Henry 10 23
9 8 G. Jones 5 6
10 Phelan 20 IS
ndex. Horse. Weight.' St.
570 Wallelnnteln 109 3
E;,S Allenna 101 4
&37 Mont Eagle 1&5 2
CS2 Bam Dannenbaum.-lW 7
f,6:t Sunello 107 6
665 Zlska 101 6
(&7S) Thomas Carey 103j 1
Betting.
Urn. %m. %ra. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Ti Th T% Tv TT* Spencer 1 7-10
6% 6h 51 22 2hJ. Martin 4" «
7 7 63 BV4 36 Jenkins 6 6
42 3 h 21 4>i 4 h Bullman 20 25
lh 11 lh 61 53 Morgan 6 20
2 H 2h 3% 61 BHT. Walsh 30 60
8% 4 H 7 7 7 N. Hill 6 10
Index. Horse. Age.
677 Zoroaster. 4..
(5R9) Daisy P, 5
667 Marcato, 5...
(573) Kormero. 4...
(579) San Venado.
'r,
Weight. St.
114 4
104 3
114 2
109 1
J 102 5
%m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeyt. Op. C».
5 5 4 2 1 lft 1 ltt Spencer ...... 3 9-2
3n 41 22 2Vt 2 1 Jenkins 4-6 7-10
21 lft 1H 82-32 Thorp* 5 10
1 h 2 h & 42 46 Ruiz 6 7
4 1 3 IVi 3 h 5 5 X. HIU .j 10 13
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
f.R3 Afamada, 6 109 4
671 Cyril. 6 107 3
554 Gllssando, 3 92 1
<.W) St. Cuthbert, 5 100 2
F. 07 Mocorlto, 6 109 5
Km.'
__
4 8
1 h
2 h
5
Betting.
%m. Etr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
11 lh 11 Jenkins 1 9-5
3 % 2 h 2ns J. Walsh, 7 12
2 h 4 3 3 2 Bassinuer .... 20 100
4 3 3 H 4(4 E. Jones 6 11-2
6 6 6 Hullman 8-5 8-5
I!
n<lex. Horse. Age. WelKht.[St.
r.SO Duke of York 11. 6.112 2
r.32 Nance O'Nell. 2.... ?2 1
443 Sullen. 4 112 3
t.f.6 Hattlc Fox, 3 -.95 5
630 Hiero, 5 115 7
ER2 Collins, a 112 6
C6S Caesar Younß, 2—2 — 97 ?
£R5 Itedwald, 4 97 8
6£S The OfTerlnß. 4 107 9
r.S3 Favorlto, 3 84 13
SCS FiroliKht 11, 3 94 12
CSS Modwena, 4 107 10
566 Clpriano. S 112|11
Hra. Hm.
~2~2 "~Z~i
4% 3 3
12 12
6 2' 4 h
92 8 1
12 6 1
62 9 1
10 1 10
7h H -
11 h 12
13 13
3 Vi 5 h
8h 7 1
%m. Str.
22
3 3
11
5 1
10
12
11
13
Betting.
Pin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Ih* Hennessey ... 20 100
2 1 Phelan 3 13-5
3 * Conley (
4 2 Henry « 40
6 H Spencer 2 9-5
6Vi Ruiz io 30
7 2 Baßßinger 10 io
8 1 T. Walßh •• ••
9 1 I. Powell 20 30
10 3 Buchanan .... 12 30
11 J. Martin 20 40
12 N. Hill 8 12
13 E. Rosa 20 60"DR. TIERCE'S ELECTRIC BELT."
Nov. 19th. •». «. >igfc^VV P V*!ji u£*&L P « IX * E'^fte Co.
Dr. Pierce & Son: O-nto: Your Electrto
I take pleasure In >j^SUKl^ti^L^ l -dS££«fci*^CTW ™ f cc ' Jr *'l me af a
y wrltlns you a letter to tf&g&SP^S^ Y S^^^*&9&\ it™ I<ack of THIR "
' Inform you that lam MSrV\\ / '\CfSf * V \ fi^C&JA TX ' T w°TE A R s "
* one of the lucky nrnn- rV^ /\\ / \ I \ '/ X \^/d **an<Jl*s- I fc-ot tho
• ber. I purchased one HBfc?sfeH-«L_^V \/ s L~*Bs<«aal b?l * <*l«ht y-ars iur->.
•> of your Electric Belt* «JaP¥i"'SQS?skVy> / aml u ** d i: only *
? April 5, '99. and wore short ttlrp . and from
> it 6 month*, and IT _> i *£s^^M^4£4I Jg3f£P?*?Z- _ that tlm < m l hay(?
: HAS MADE A NEW --"y'i 'iVTpltJ^T- /i y^^V*&i\ ' had nj troubl« of that
[ MAN OF ME. I // 1 \Vr Tew IgvVC- - /AN ktnd -
[¦ had ren«r»J nervous * • * ' ~f \«r— '( » Tours yery truly,
' troubles that had bothered m« for 13 •*-*§ V*»-s CERIACO ESTRADA.
¦'' years. TOUR BELT IS WORTH ITS >**\sw(^"\ 5 w(^"" t Ophlr. Cal.
> WEIGHT IN GOLD. Respectfully. /rxV. E7"rhousands of cures like tho
ED, T. NOE, '.'/ l, f foregoing hare been made by Dr
. Rio Vista. CmL Pierce' ¦ world-renowned Electrto
, .... . . .. :¦¦-"'' Belt. It Is warranted to b« tho
t most scientific and durable body battery ever patented or sold In America. Prices much
V lower ,*"*" hera or . **f Inferior Quality are sold at. If you want tho BEST, you must
? For full particulars send a tc stamp for "BOOKLET NO. T' or call at tho ©Me*.
>' PIERCE ELECTRIC CO,,
an proceeded to copy his answers. When '
he was discovered he was told that such
action was against the rules and that
he was disqualified. The candidates signed
assumed names to their papers and placed
their true names in an accompanying en
velope.
At the expiration of an hour all the pa
pers were locked up nr.d last night the
Commissioners commenced the task of try
ing to discover who among all the appli
cants is best fitted for a life job at $200
per month.
After the examination the commission
adjourned to the City Hall and opened the
register for applicants who seek employ
ment at unskilled labor. About six hun
dred were registered and given blanks
which they must fill In and file with the
secretary. Gustave Schnee. C. C. Kulp
and C. R. Heverin were appointed tem
porary registration clerks.
President Freud had a busy afternoon at
the City Hall. The line of men anxious to
register required several police officers to
preserve its harmony and- Mr. Freud con
tinually passed up and down the corridor
telling the applicants what they must do
and how they must do it in the future if
they would join Mayor Phelan's brigade
and receive $2 per day for eight hours'
work.
The civil service commission Is now
ready for business In its quarters room
5, in the basement of the City Hail, and
to-day all necessary blanks Will be ready
for applicants for employment in all de
partments of the city government. Ex
aminations for skilled positions will not
be held for a few days, although registra
tion will begin to-day.
Commissioner Qulnn says that the
board will jiot be ready to announce i|ie
name of the successful candidate for chief
examiner and secretary for two days, al
though it is freely predicted that Moran
will secure the coveted place.
ELECTION COMMISSIONERS
SELECT A REGISTRAR
rpHE Board of Election Commissioners
I met In the rooms of Registrar Step-
I pacher at 12:15 o'clock yesterday and
organized by electing Commissioner
Jeremiah Deasy chairman. Commissioners
A. W. Voorsanger, S. G. Kellogg, Oliver
Everett and M. 11. Greenblatt were pres
ent. ' The recent drawing for the various
terms was ratified. Commissioner Green
blatt presented the name of Thomas J.
Walsh for Registrar or secretary of the
board In a complimentary speech. Com
missioner Voorsanger seconded the nomi
nation and It was made unanimous.
Walsh was present and immediately took
his oath of office. He was instructed to
tile a bond in the same amount as the
Commissioners.
Commissioner Greonblatt Introduced res
olutions testifying to the excellent work
performed by Registrar Steppacher In the
recent elections, and after each Commis
sioner had- said a good word for the retir
ing official the- resolutions were ordered
spread on the minutes.
The following clerks were appointed for
a period of sixty days, when the civil ser
vice provision will be put in effect:
Charles C. Pratt. James 11. Dlgnan, Harry
Z.emansky. Cameron- 11. King, D. J. Gor
don and. Herman Gutstadt.
W. D. Hughes was appointed to super
vise the taking down and storing of the
election booths. Hughes was empowered
to employ four laborers to assist him.
The boartl adjourned to meet next Mon
day night at 8 o'clock.
BOARD OF EDUCATION
IS QUIETLY ORGANIZED
THE Board of Education met at 12:30
o'clock and elected C. W. Mark
chairman and John H. Hansen sec
retary. Commissioners John B. Cas
serly, Mary Klncaid and James Denman
were present. Adjournment was then
taken until 3 o'clock, when an executive
session was held. A long discussion was
had as to the salaries to be fixed for the
deputy Superintendents of Schools, but
no conclusion was reached.
Miss M. Cuslck was appointed to sue-
ceed herself as stenographer of the board
at a salary of $75 a month. Superintend
ent Webster was empowered to appoint
his own stenographer at the same salary.
It was decided to appoint a clerk of the
board at $100 a month, and a messenger
at $73. Their duties will be prescribed,
and they will be selected at the meeting
to be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
?
LAST OFFICIAL ACT OF
THE OLD SCHOOL BOARD
THE last official act of the old Boari
of Education was performed yester
day morning, when the demands of
C. F. Weber & Co., aggregating
$7000, for furniture and supplies were pre
sented to Auditor 'Wells for his signature.
These are the supplies that were ordered
several months ago In direct violation of
the rules of the board and refused passage
by the Finance Committee on that ground.
There was also more or less scandal at
tached to the contract, which was fully
exploited in the papers at that time. Now
the committee, for some unaccountable
reason, has changed Its position In the
matter, and the demands came to the
Auditor yesterday with the signatures of
Chairman Holbrook and Director Stow.
At a recent special meeting of the board
these claims had been Incorporated In a
recommendation for payment by the com
mittee, together with laborers' and mis
cellaneous demands for $60<X> incurred last
June. Director Head, however, before the
meeting objected to the Weber demands,
claiming that he was opposed to helping
certain members to get a "rake off," and
the Weber claims were withdrawn, the
$COOO of laborers' demands only being rec
ommended. Now comes the change of
front on the part of the Finance Commit
tee, and the Weber demands have been
substituted for the others.
Auditor Wells, who now has the situa
tion in hand, asserts positively that he will
not sign the demands. He was favorably
Inclined to the laborers' claims, even
though they were Incurred in the last fis
cal year, but he expressed a hope that
there might be a way found to pay them
out- of this year's funds. In which there
Is a prospective surplus of several thou
sand dollars.
"It is my opinion." said the Auditor,
"that the Weber supplies were furnished
In June of last year, though the demands
bear dates in the months of August and
September. In this event I will not sign
them. However, I Intend to communicate
with the principals of the various schools
regarding the exact time when the desks
and other supplies were furnished. I rec
ollect that I audited enormous bills for
setting up these desks, and I am quite
sure that the work was done in June, dur
ing vacation.
"I would rather pass the laborers* de-
mands for that month, if it Is possible to
pay them out of this year's appropria
tion, but I am powerless in the matter as
the Finance Committee of the Board of
Education has seen fit to present th»
ueber demands to the exclusion of the
others, which I consider worthy of more
consideration."
GODCHAUX SUCCEEDS
BERTHIER AS RECORDER
CHIEF Deputy Recorder Harry
£aehr and several clerks worked
hard all day Sunday to get every
thing in proper shape for the recep
tion of th© incoming Recorder, Edmond
Godchaux, and when the latter made his
appearance at noon yesterday he was
cordially met by his predecessor, AI Ber
thler. who in a complimentary little
speech surrendered the office to hi 3 suc
cessor. Godchaux's attention was called
to the new system of electric lights In
the Recorder's office, and he appeared to
be pleased at the Innovation, for which
he had himself applied.
Recorder Godchaux then Installed
Frederick S. Myrtle as his chief deputy.
The rest of his staff will consist of the
following deputies: Max Warshauer.
Charles Stoltz: copyists-L. Brannan
M. Harris J. w. Farrell. Ell Landrv
Thomas Kelly, P. J. Heggertv. J. t
Kane. W.tE, Foley. Eugene Sullivan. E."
US , S I U ' tP 01^ Hyland. Harmon
McKlssick W. H. Garrett. P. Paul
\auntin, John Nolan. C. O. M Cossrav*
and William Sullivan! v-osgrav.
COUNTY CLERK'S OFFICE
IS RUNNING SMOOTHLY
ALTHOUGH County Clerk Dean* was
111 and confined to his home. th«
ushering out of the old and the In
auguration of the new administra
tion was conducted without a hitch by bis
chief deputy, Joseph Goddard. Early in
the day the work Involved In the change
of administration began to make Itself
apparent In the County Clerk's office.
First, the deputies who will hold un£er
Mr. Deane were sworn in, and those w'io
went out took with them the well wishes
of the County Clerk and those -who tonic
their places. Officials of and deputies
serving in the Tax Collector's. Sheriff <»
Board of Health. Civil Service and Elec
tion Commissions were given the oath by
Mr. Goddard and then retired ready to
assume office.
Although the work was heavy and tho
Continued to Thirteenth Pace
main in office until puch time as an opin
ion could be had from the Attorney G< :i
eral. and was proceeding to talk to this
motion when Mayor Phelan moved as an
amendment that the board fro out of of
fice thm and there, and without further
parley. Although there was no immediate
necond to th«? Mayor's motion, he finally
bluffed Dr. Barbat into its support, and
to convince the rest of the board of the
K.renjrth of his position he had presented
; ri opinion written by City and County
Attorney l^ane. which, in effect, said that
the old board had "not a leg to stand on."
A communication from the Attorney Gen
eral was read, which stated that that of
ficial could not render an opinion on the
matter so long as the board had its duly
authorized l«-gal advisers, and then L>r.
liarljat asked the Mayor what the result
would be in case the board declined to
vacate. Phelan replied significantly that
he would not presume to say. except that
force would be used, whereupon Dr. Bar
bat suffered a chill and came over to the
Mayor's way cf thinking. Dr. Payne fol
lowed him. and Dr. Keency being absent,
the Mayor's amendment prevailed and the
Dnr board took formal possession.
The new board is composed of Dr. J. M.
Williamson, who was elected president;
Dr. Louis Bazet. R. W. Baum. \V. E. Ho»
kir.e and William D. McCarthy. -Its first
and only business of the meeting was the
appointment of the following officers:
Secretary. John A. Brown. $175 a month;
assistant secretary, J. O. Cameron, $100:
Dr. A. P. O'Brien. Health Officer, $2.0:
clerk to Health Officer. AY. J. Kelly. J100;
clerk, Frank Stanton. $10); stenographer,
Mrs. W. Turney, $70: statistician. W. D.
Griffin; messenger, I>ouls Monice; vac
• inators. Drs. G. E. McPherson and Will-
Ism G. Hay.
Adjournment was taken at 1 o'clock to
£ o'clock last evening, when the balance of
the board's appointments were to have
been made, but at that hour it was dis
covered that the old board had spent over
?4t.<«00 of the $45,000 appropriation for
health purposes, leaving only a little over
$3000 to carry the new administration
through the next six months, and ad
journment was again ordered to 12 o'clock,
r.oon, to-day. In drawing for the long and
r hort terms the following results were ob
tained: Dr. Louis Bazet. one year: Dr.
W. D. McCarthy, two years; Dr. J. M.
Williamson, three years; Drs. Baum and
Hopkins, four years. It is likely that the
shortage in funds will result in a delay of
several da 3 in the official announcement
of appointments, but ways and means will
be discussed at to-day's meeting, and in
e!1 probability rome way will be found out
of the present difficulty.
MAXWELL READS THE LAW
TO FIRE COMMISSIONERS
fj-y HE principal incident at the first
I meeting of the newly appointed
j Hoard of Kir<* Commissioners at noon
X yesterday was the determined stand
taken by tbe retirinp Focretary. George
I. Maxwell, to compel the board to rec
opmizf! his right cuaranteed under the
<-J:arter to the position from which he
was to be ousted to make room for J. C.
Gorman, whom Phelan had Insisted
Fhould be appointed. As rach member of
the board entered th<» Commissioner's of
fice he was served with a copy of Max
well's request to be appointed secretary
of the Hoard of Fire Commissioners.
Tho request stated that the petitioner
has been for over twonty-one years a
member of the Paid Fire Department.
After rpeclfying the various positions
v.hlch he had occupied up to ISaS. Max
well avers that on December 22 of that
year he was appointed clerk of the de
partment, and by sections 3 and 10 of an
act of the legislature, approved March
28 IS7S. he has been fsecretary of the
board ever since his appointment as clerk.
21 r Maxwell further claimed that under
chapter 2, article IX. of the charter for
San Franelfco. he Is entitled to be elected
as secretary of the commission.
Commissioners Kolla V. • Watt. M. H.
Hecht. J. H. Grady and D. I. Mahoney
read the requests as soon as they took
their chairs and then proceeded to elect
Watt prudent of the board. The draw-
Ine of lots resulted la Watt securing the
four-year term. Hecht one year. Mahoney
two years and Grady three years.
In thf> meantime Maxwell bad served
a duplicate copy of his request to Acting
Secretary Grady, which, however, was
not read aloud.
After the resolution appointing J. C.
Gorman as secretary of the board had
be»»n adopted Maxwell presented the fol
lowing request, and it was placed on file
without discussion:
To the Honorable, the. Hoard of Fire Com
missioners of the City* and County of Pan
Francisco: Your honorable body having this
day determine.l to fill the office of secre
tary of the Board of Fire Commissioner?,
as authorized by section *. chapter I.
Article IX of the charter of Fan Francisco,
approved January ISB3. and having
passed ar.d adopted a resolution appointing
J. C. Gorman to fill that clfice. I hereby
represent to your honorable body that I am
entitled, and was entitled Bt the time of
the (.election of Sir. Uorman, to be appoint
ed to that office, and that your honorable
body was without lawful authority to ap
point any person thereto other than the un
dersigned for the reasons stated In my com
munication heretofore till? day made to you
in the matter of my application tn be ap
pointed Fecretary to your honorable body.
I therefore request and demand that the
resolution appointing gald J. C. ("nrrnan be
rescinded and that another resolution be
adopted by your honorable body appointing
me to the position of secretary of the Board
of Fire Commissioners.
GEORGE F. MAXWELL.
January 8. ISOO.
Maxwell bases his action on sections 1
and 2. article IX. chapter 2 of the charter
<Ktats. iSSy. pp. 336 and 527), which read
as follows:
Section 1. The Ilo;ird of Fire
CoiumlmtloncrM aliall Immediately
after tlielr appointment mid qtinllli
ciitlon proceed to reorganize the
Fire Department tn conformity with
the provision* of thin charter. In
¦o doing: the board nlmll innke It*
appointment* of officer* and mem
ber* from the pemonw conntlt utlnc
the force in the *ervlee of the Fire
Department nt the time thin charter
BToe* Into effect. Such odicern and
member* nlinll not be required to
pflM any civil nervice examination.
All fntnre appointment* and promo
tion* abnll be made *nbject to the
provision* of nrticle XIII of thin
charter. If any reduction In made
In the force of the department the
Commissioner* may temporarily
diKcharirc thone person* vrhonc dln
rharer shall be mont conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the
department, bnt in cane of a snbne
qnent increane of the force thone
temporarily discharged nlinll be re
appointed without civil service ci
nmlnntlon nnd nnslfrneil to the untile
rank In which they were at the time
of their discharge.
Section ~. Xo officer, member or
employe of the department shall be
dismissed or transferred except for
cause, nor until after a trial. The
accused shall be furnished with n
written copy of the chances against
him nt leant three days previous to
the day of trial. lie shall have the
riffht to appear In pi-mon anil to?
connsel and examine witnesses In
Ills behalf. All witnesses shall be
examined nnder oath and all trials
shall be public.
Chief Sullivan was appointed by the
board to succeed himself on Watts' mo
tion, after #>nch Commissioner had spoken
in a complimentary vein of the efficiency
of the incumbent. Fire Marshal Towe
and Captain Comstock. chief of the. fire
patrol, were also reappointed. and the
board adjourned to meet this morning at
9 o'clock.
BIGGY TO TEMPORARILY
ACT AS CHIEF OF POLICE
T"\RECISELY at noon yesterday the
LI new Board of Police Commissioners
I took their seats. The old board had
Just finished approving the minutes of
a former meeting when their successors
marched Into the Commissioners' chambers
and were accorded a hearty welcome. Af
ter the members of the old board had re
tired Commissioner Biggy moved that Dr.
McNutt be made temporary chairman
and Jt was so ordered. H. O. Beatty, son
of the Chief Justice of California, was
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
INSTALLED IN OFFICE
THE Board of Public Works met In the
office of the City Surveyor, Commis
sioners G. H. Mendell, Jeremiah Ma
hony and Marsden Manson being
present. Colonel Mendell was elected
president of the board, which then ap
pointed J. Leo Park temporary secretary
and C. E. Grunsky City Engineer, the
latter at a salary of SS'JOO a year. The
board decided to constitute the City Sur
veyor's office as the official meeting placa
and will' meet daily at 10 a. m. The list
of employes of the Superintendent of
Streets was canvassed, but no removals
or appointments were made.
The board visited the office of the Super
intendent of Streets and took formal pos
session. A letter was addressed to the in
cumbent, Martin Fragley, requesting him
to turn over all the books and accounts
to Andrew J. Donovan, who will assume
charge. Although the latter was not ap
pointed Superintendent, it Is understood
that he will be selected at this morning's
meeting of the board.
CIVIL SERVICE PLAN
IS FAIRLY LAUNCHED
CIVIL service principles as denned In
the new charter were fairly launch
ed yesterday. The commission hav
ing no predecessor experienced no
difficulty In seating itself, and the three
members earned their first day's pay un
der the most pleasant auspices.
Precisely at the appointed hour— 9 a. m.
— President Freud and his colleagues — P.
Hi McCarthy and John A. Qulnn—lnaug
urated the first attempt at reform along
civil service lines in tho city's history.
The commission met in the Mills build-
Ing, and on assuming his seat as presi
dent, J. Richard Freud explained briefly
the business .before the meeting and the
purpose of that section of the charter cre
ating the commission.
Notice having been given that the com
mission would hold an examination to de
termine the appointment of a chief ex
aminer, who will be also secretary of the
commission, over thirty applicants ap
peared to have their abilities tested. The
position will be held for life if a compe
tent man, or until "good reason" exists
for his dismissal, and the salary Is $2400
a year. It was expected that tnere would
be at least 100 candidates. The fact that
there is a well-grounded belief that Mayor
Phelan has a candidate for the soft
cushioned secretary's seat no doubt ma
terially curtailed tlie list of the ambitious.
The printed blanks contained tho fol
lowing five questions:
Define a municipal charter.
What are the underlying principles and
main advantages of civil service?
What departments of our city government
Will be under the merit system?
Explain the operation of the civil Bervlco
article In the new charter.
What are the principle duties of the chief
examiner and secretary?
"This is the first time that any appli
cant tor a position in the city .govern
ment has been required to show that he
Is competent," said President Freud.
"The charter makers did not Intend that
this position should bo subject to a
very severe examination, but wo con
sidered it wise to put the civil service
system in operation at the very start.
All will be allowed one hour in which to
answer tho questions."
Those who took the examination were:
Ed F. Moran, Arthur de Ettel, Robert
Halght, Arthur J. Fiek, A. D. d'Ancona,
Otto Ryßt, L. J. Welsh, Herman Lowen
stein, W. Jones Cuthbertson, Alfred
Clarke. Charles H. Forbes. C. B. Ses
sions. Gustave Schnee, O. M. Boyle, Al
exander Matheson, M. S. Woodhnms, J.
C. Hallock, A. L. Rosenberg, F. I. Nas
sault. A. S. Harrison. P. A. Meyer,
George S. McComb, Joseph Strand, Frank
D. Macßeth, J. A. Emery, William Henry
Kejit. E. E. Newton. Joseph Head, J. J.
Mulcahy, W. W. Magary and William
Gilbert.
One elderly candidate Innocently took a
copy of the new charter from his pocket
elected temporary secretary. On motion
of Biggy the appointment af Beatty as
secretary of the board was at once re
ported to the Civil Service Commission.
Immediately after the secretary had
been chosen a drawing was held to deter
mine the terms of the new Commissioners.
Newhall drew first prize, his term of of
fice being fixed at four years. The terms
of the other Commissioners will be as fol
lows: Blggy, three years; Thomas, two
years, and McNutt one year. A copy of
the drawing was ordered sent to the
Board of Supervisors.
Blggy then moved that Newhall be
made permanent president for a term of
one year. His motion was carried, New
hall modestly declining to vote. In a brief
Fpwch Newhall thanked his fellow Com
missioners for the honor conferred on him
and promised to give his rulings with the
Valrness and impartiality' of Solomon of
Biblical fame.
The following resolutions were Intro
duced by Biggy:
Resolved, That all persons who ore candi
dates for the office of Chief of Police be
and thf-y are hereby requested to file
with thp secretary of this board prior to
noon Thursday. January 11. 1900, written
applications fur such appointment.
Itesolved, That all persons objecting to
any candidate for the office of Chief of
Police be and they are hereby requested to
file with the secretary of this board prior to
6 p. m. or Saturday, January 13. written
objections to surh candidate, setting- forth
fully their grounds of such objection.
Both resolutions were adopted without a
dissenting vote.
On motion of Dr. McNutt, the Commis
sioners agreed to meet every Tuesday
evening at 8 o'clock.
Blggy was unanimously chosen to take
charge of the affairs of the Police Depart
ment until a successor to ex-Chief Lees
is appointed. On motion of Thpmas, Lees,
who was present, was then requested to
turn the property and documents of the
department over to the acting Chief.
"That Is the very reason why I am
here, ' remarked Lees, his voice quivering
with emotion.
"It has been published that I secretly
carted away the rogues' gallery and oth
erwise left the department in a crippled
condition. I want to say right here that it
is a falsehood. It is. however, true that
I have in my possession some daguerro
types which were used by this depart
ment. They are my own personal prop
erty and rightfully belong to me. - I have
here a catalogue containing a list of the
books which contain photographs of crim
inals, and which are known as the rogues'
gallery."
Lees then passed the catalogue to the
secretary, after telling him to read it. Be
fore he was half finished with the list
Commissioner Thomas suggested that the
reading be discontinued and that the
board take the ex-Chief's word that the
gallery was Intact. This did not suit I^eea,
and he asked as a special favor that the
entire list be read. When tho secretary
finished Lees formally turned over the gal
lery and other property of the Police De
partment to acting Chief Biggy.
Lees then proceeded to throw bouquets
at the Police Department.
"Wo have, in my humble estimation, one
of the best police departments In the
country. I have always taken personal
pride and Interest In the work of the
men. and I enn say without fear of con
tradiction that the police force of San
Francisco ranks with tho best in the
world. Our system of keeping records ex
cels that of any other city In the United
States. i-( T ,
"When a patrolman nearly half a cen
tury ago I realized the Importance of
keeping a complete record as well as the
photograph of every criminal who was a
menace to society. That I have succeeded
Is shown by the work of the department.
Although I sever my connection with the
police force to-day, I shall ever be ready
to lend my assistance whenever you gen
tlemen desire It."
The ex-Chief paid a high tribute to Cap
tain Moran. the retired property clerk of
the department, who, he said, was ono of
the most honest and conscientious men
ever connected with the police force.
At the conclusion of the meeting Lees
escorted tho Commissioners through* the
several branches of the department, point
ing out the needs and making some valu
able suggestions.
The Commissioners will meet again tbls
evenlne- -•¦•-,¦ ;-
BUSINESS
APPLY.- g^g^* /* ««, 0 ,
Bedueed.f rom l0 c -l s per Day
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1900.
8
Continued from Page Five.I . Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur rapes, cloaks.
UCredlt. M. Kothechlld. 331 Tost st. ...»
On a Trip.
Cfclef Postofflce Inspector Robert Munro
has. g-j'ne to Arizona on business for the
depa/tment. He will be away about two
wetvfts. In his absence the duties of hid
ottVce will be performed by.Poatofflce In
ssr*uctor Erwin.
Presidio Contract Awarded.
The contract for the continuance of the
work on th<» stone wail separating the
Presldlo from the city lands of the Rich
mond district has been awarded by ;he
Government to EL C. Mattingly. This wall
has tx>*»n in course of construction for
f :m«> time, ar.d there 5t!ll remains about
t'*t feet of it to be put up. Every year
the Government makes an appropViation
tnr carrying on the work. This year the
t> mount of the appropriation was only
;."¦•¦•''>. This Is purposed to Include every
thing. As the job »a-= a v«»ry small one
there were only two bidders.
Postoffice Clerks.
The San Francisco branch of the United
Postofflce Clerks' Association has elected
the following officers for the. ensuing year:
J. B. Burson, president; G. W. Michael.
vice president; H. J. Caveney, secretary;
W. E, Head, financial secretary; J. H.
Donohoe_, treasurer; G. P. Feely, sergeant
at-arms; J. W. Burson J. M. Donohoe, J.
li. Powrr- and Dr. IS. F. Donelly, execu
tive committee.
PARTNERS MAY COMPROMISE.
Troubles of Hilmer, BredhofE &
Schulz May Bs Settled To-Day.
There was a promise of, a sensational
turn In tha copartnership quarrel of Hil
mer, BredhofC & Schulz last night. Schulz
was prepared, by advice of his counsel,
George D. Collins, to descend on the prem
ises on California street and arrest the
members of Morse's patrol who might be
found there on the ground that they were
violating the injunction in favor of
Schulz. But the affair took a turn that
may lead to a compromise to-day. Other
wise the assets of the concern and the
good will under the order of Judge Daln
gerfield made yesterday will be sold by
John Dunker, who has been named as v
commissioner by the court. -^ .
William F. Schulz yesterday sent out a
notice advising all parties doing business
with the firm that all letters and remit
tances must be sent to room 21. Crocker
building, .which , is the office of Schulz's
attorney. In the meantime Judge Dain
gerlield made .his order that Dunker
should sell the property of the concern
Within nve days. Since the first proceed
ings there have been propositions for a
compromise.
Attorney Collins said last night that a
compromise might be reached to-day. Mr.
Collins also said that Schulz held assets
of the firm amounting to $45,000 in cash.
The outcome of the entire matter may
be two concerns, one headed by Schulz
and the other by his present partners.
SIR THOMAS LAWRENCE.
features In a conventional manner, to glva
regularity to x the nose, to make the eyes
shapely and to give archness to the mouth.
All this Lawrence did to a more or lesj
extent, though happily the merit of his
work rose above these minor blemishes.
Being successful, Lawrence now started
In on a more expensive style of living.
He took a house at 24 Old Bond street.
which he fitted up handsomely. Ho
charged 30 guineas for a head, 60 for the
half length and 120 for the full figure. In
1734 he took a house In Piccadilly and
three years later he again moved, this
time to Greek street. Soho. For thirty
years his work went on uninterruptedly,
his fame Increasing and his prices ad
vancing to formidable figures. In ISM ho
was charging 100 guineas for a head and
400 for a full length: but although re
ceiving these large sums he waa never
freefrom financial cares. The money that
came in seemed to flow out in some ex
traordinary way that has never been ac
counted for. There had been some scan
dal, rumor having connected the painter's
name with that of the Princess of Wales.
He had executed her portrait at Montagus
House, where he had rem;tined as a guest
for some time. A committee was appoint
ed to examine the charge*, and their pro
ceedings were known as the "delicate In
vestigations." .by which, however, Law
rence was fully exonerated. In ISI4 tho
Prince Regent commanded him to paint a
series of the princes, generals, statesmen
and diplomatists of the allied armies,
which now fill the Waterloo Chamber at
Windsor Castle; and in April, 1814, Law
rence was knighted by the Regent.
It Is Interesting to note that the Ameri
can Academy of Fine Arts, which had
been established in New York In ISIG, two
years later elected Sir Thomas Lawrence)
an honorary member, in return for which
he presented It with a portrait of West,
the American president of the English
Royal Academy. Otiier honors, perhaps
of a more substantial nature, followed,
for the King of France sent him In 1525
the Cross of the Legion of Honor, and he
was elected to the Academies of Flor
ence, Venice, Rome. Bologna, Denmark
and Vienna. It was not until ISI9 that
Lawrence went to Rome, then the Mecca
of artists, and here he studlod for th©
first time the works of the great masters
in the galleries. On his return to London
In March, 133>, West having died earlier
In the month, he found he had been elect
ed a3 his successor as president of the
Royal Academy. He lived for ten years to
enjoy this distinction, dying suddenly on
the 7th of January, ISUO. from ossification
of the heart, and he was buried In St.
Pauls Cathedral by the side of Sir Joshua
Reynolds.
Lawrence's best remembered works are
portraits of women and children, whom
he drew and painted with a delicacy and
grace which few men have excelled. One
of his finest is of Lady Gower, with her
little daughter, which now hangs at Staf
ford House. This, with many others, ia
widely known through engravings. He
was an intimate friend of Mrs. Slddons,
the great actress, whose portrait he paint
ed several times, and of her niece. Fanny
Kemble, whom, he also painted, and which,
is one of his best canvases. Although
throughout his life Lawrence showed the
lack of preliminary training in an acad
emic way, and one may pick flaws now
and then in his drawing, he was singular
ly gifted and waa a workman of a high
order, with a delightful appreciation of
color and an abiding sense of grace and
beauty. He remains one of the notable
group of the early Kr.glishmen whose Ilka
Great Britain has not produced since his
death.
Now York City.
TEN THOUSAND
FOR THE FUND
FROM THE WEST
Gift to the Memory of
Lawton.
SHAFTER SENDS A CHECK
COLONEL FREEMAN MAY GO ON
THE TABTAR.
Yesterday afternoon General Shafter
sent on to Adjutant General Corbln at
Washington a draft for J5434 50, the con
tributions to the Lawton fund from the
people of this coast. The amount men
tioned does not represent the amount the
contributions will finally make up, for
there Is a sufficient sum reported now on
its way to General Shafter to make the
final total $10,121 68, and. there may be more
even after that.
Of this amount J3965 was secured by the
efforts of the citizens' committee ; that
took such a deep Interest In the matter,
and 11350 Is due to the efforts of Mr.
Mlchels of the firm of Greenebaura, Weil
& Mlchels. The remainder Is due to the
personal efforts of General Shafter. It Is
considered an excellent response from the
people of this coast, and General Shafter
has expressed much satisfaction over the
result.
OAKLAND, Jan. B.— Mrs. L. a. Booth
of Piedmont to-day handed over JlOO to
Colonel O. F. Long for the Lawton fund.
The money was raised In Oakland and
following is a list of the contributors:
G. W. Hume J25, Taft & Pennoyer $5. Ed
son F. Adams $5, T. L. Barker »5, George C.
Pardee 15, L. A. Booth $5, It. D. Fry of San
Francisco $3. Anson Barstow $2 50, Heron &
Holeomb $2 50. P. D. Bowles *2 50, E. P. Tay
lor J2 CO, F. C. Havens $2 50, James P. Taylor
13 30. Charles W. Kellogg $2 50. A. P. Brayton
J2, Willi<un J. Bowman $2, John J. Cbughlin
$2, Mrs. Shafter Howard $2, William H.
Friend $2, A. Hollywood %1, cash without
names $15 SO.
General Law ton's body is coming here
on the transport Thomas, which Is report
ed four days out from Manila. Prepara
tions for its reception will soon be under
way. but so far .but one thing has been
decided upon, that Is that General Shafter
himself will accompany th» body from
this city to wherever the Interment will
be held. The Thomas should reach here
somewhere about February 1.
• • •
WASHINGTON, Jan. B.— The Lawton
home fund is attaining noble proportions,
and General Corbin is of the opinion that
there is now in sight about $55,000. The
contributions turned In since noon on Sat
urday, or reported, amount to $18,976, mak
ing the grand total at noon to-day $67,409.
General Corbin says that in addition to
this it is reported to him that there is a
fund of $10,000 in San Franciaco and an
other of $6000 in New York not yet turned
In, and there is no doubt that other sums
will be reported.
• ¦ •_'- • t£ •
Colonel Freeman of the Twenty-fourth
Infantry, commandant o.f the PreslJio,
will probably be one of the passengers on
the Tartar when she leaves here to-mor
row. There has been no order to that ef
fect issued so far, but there is pretty cer
tain to be one before the vessel sails.
Should Colonel Freeman go on the Tar
tar the command of the Presidio will de
volve on Major Cowles of the Seventeenth
Infantry, who 13 now in command of the
casual detachment there, he being the se
nior officer under Colonel Freeman. As
he Is a casual officer, however. It Is not
likely he will hold the position longer than,
it takes to bring some other officer from
elsewhere. Rumor now connects the name
of Major Rucker of the Fourth Cavalry,
but his assignment will probably jest
upon the result of an application for a
transfer and exchange sent In by him and
Major Rogers of the Sixth Cavalry. Mafor
Rogers was a captain In the Fourth Cav
alry, and he has but recently been pro
moted to be a major in the Sixth. He
has been with the Fourth, however, ever
since he left West Point, and wh«n he
was promoted to the Sixth he immediately
commenced negotiations with Mnjor
Ruckerto- trade places. Major Rucker is
willing, and if the change be made 1 It Is
believed he will be ordered to the Pre
sidio, particularly as two troops of thpf
regiment,. F and G, form part or the pres
ent garrison, and there is now no field of
ficer.of cavalry with them.
Second Lieutenant Harry B. Clark,
Third Artillery, has been ordered to pro
ceed to r"oi-t Baker with the detachment
of Battery D now. at the Presidio. Th«
order was executed yesterday. Second
Lieutenant Harry L. Jame:«, Third Artil
lery, who was at Fort Baker with a de
tachment of. Hattery E, has been ordered
FRUIT CANNERS
ASK KASSON TO
REDUCE DUTIES
Prominent Men Sign
an Appeal.
?
JACOBS WILL TAKE IT EAST
*
PEBSONAL DISCUSSION THEN IS
EXPECTED.
Commissioner Kasson, the negotiator of
reciprocity treaties between the United
States and foreign countries, will soon re
ceive a personally presented petition, in
¦which the fruit canners of the State and
dealers in California canned goods have
united in asking him, in negotiating trea
ties with foreign countries, to give due
consideration to the necessity for Increas
ing the exports of California canned fruit,
which the petition declares can only be
done by material reductions in the tariff
placed on said goods by foreign countries.
This petition was in circulation among
the downtown business houses yesterday
and received the signatures of the follow
ing in a very short time: Loula Sloss,
California Canneries Company (Limited)
Code-Portwood Canning Company, Cali
fornia Fruit Canners' Association, Grirnth-
Dunne Company, California Fruit Pre
serving Company, Charles \V. Pike & Co.,
Field Mercantile Company, Johnson-Locke
Mercantile Company, American Trading
Company, Hooper & Jennings, Haas
Bros, and Girvin & Kyre.
Isldor Jacobs, managing director of the
California Canneries Company (Limited), is
circulating the petition. He is about to go
to Europe, stopping at Washington on the
way, whero he will seek an interview with
Commissioner Kasson. The petition, In
addition to the appeal made to the Com
missioner, asks the members of the Cali
fornia Congressional delegation "to use
their very best efforts with J. A. Kasson,
to the end that in all reciprocity treaties
negotiated by him or about to be nego
tiated with foreign countries, the Interest
of California fruits may be looked after,
so as to increase the business so neces
sary to the future development of the
Industry."
The basis of these requests Is the re
sertion of the fact that "the California
canned fruit business Is capable of im
mense expansion In foreign countries pro
vided that a reasonable tariff can be
placed upon the goods by foreign coun
tries; and th^t the jtrade with foreign
countries Is much restricted by reason of
the excessive ' tariff, thereby directly in
juring the Industry, as -well as directly In
juring the fruit-growing Industry or the
State; and that in nearly all foreign coun
tries, except England, the said tariff
placed on the said goods amounts to more
than tlws actual value of the goods."
Last year Mr. Jacobs, accompanied by
Morris Marks of Newcastle, Eng., an Eng
lish director of the California Canneries
Company (Limited) visited Germany and
looked about with a view of enlarging the
market for California products abroad.
Mr. Jacobs had an interview with United
States Minister White at Beriln, who ad
vised him to return to the United States
and talk with Commissioner Kasson. This
was the first intimation that Kasson waa
negotiating a reciprocity treaty with Ger
many. • Mr. Jacobs and Mr. Marks found
the field for California fruits to be good
in Germany if the duty could be reduced.
Mr. Marks, who is now In this city, said
yesterday to a reporter of The Call:
'"Germany ought, to take as much Cali
fornia canned fruit as England does. Tha
people in Germany have learned to like
It #md call for It. There Is some trade
there for California canne/l fruit now, but
nothing like what It would be if the de
sired reduction In duties can be made. The
duty amounts to just about the value of
the goods. California has a big stake In
thn matter. Last year the export of Cali
fornia canned goods to Great Rrltaln
amounted to $3,000,000 In rmmd figures. The
German Importation would be as much
If the duty Is lowered to the proper fig
ure. The growth of the California canned
goods trade In Great Britain indicates
what can be done. Last year the total
was 650,000 cases, as against 335.12S cases
In IS9B and 95,817 cases in 1894.
Mr. Marks will call on Commissioner
Kasson with Mr. Jaoobs and the latter
will present the petition of the canners for
consideration. , »¦..¦-;-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
PAINTER IN ORDINARY TO GEORGE III.
Copyright, 1889, by Seymour Eaton.
THE U/ORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS.
Contributors to this course: Dr. John C. Van Dyke. Dr. Russell Sturgls. Dr. A. L
Frothlngham Jr.. Arthur Hoeber. Frank Fowler and others.
XL— SIR THOMAS LA WHENCE.
Nature seems to take pleasure In be
stowing her gifts when it comes to the
matter of esthetic endowments In the
most capricious manner and where they
are least expected. Many men have devel
oped talents for artistic things whose en
vironment and heredity would seem to dis
bar them from ever aspiring to a lov«
of the beautiful or a taste for the refined.
So It v.-as with tho great Englishman
Thomas Lawrence. He was tho son of
an innkeeper, who wandered about from
pillar to post, now In one town, then In
another, never successful, and content
when his little boy showed a precocious
talent for drawing to set him up on tho
bar and have him. at the age of 5. make
charcoal sketches of th« customers.
With very rare exceptions men who
achieve distinction In art begin at an
early age the labor which Is so Intimate
a part of their lives, since, as with scarce
ly any other professional men, the painter
never for a moment ceases to think of his
own work. In order to accomplish great
things In art there are many preliminary
matters to be considered, and such ques
tions as technique, drawing, composition
mense fancy to the young man; ha
had himself, his Queen and the Princes*
Amelia painted by Lawrence and lie went
so far in his favoritism as to insist by a
royal edict on having him made an asso
ciate of the Royal Academy when he had
barely attained his majority, although by
the laws of the institution he was not
rrally eligible until the age of 24.
Three years later Lawrence was elect
ed full academician and twelve month*
afterward he was made painter in ordi
nary to his Majesty. He waa now the
most popular portratt painter that Lon
don had known since the days of Van
Dyck, when that prince of the brush had
his studio constantly filled with the moat
brilliant set of fashionables from tha
King down. Unhappily, however, the pat
ronage of royalty la not always an un
mixed joy or entirely conducive to trua
artistic advancement. The flattery that
finds Its vent through the courtler"a
tongue is not unlikely to percolate from
the end of the painter's brush. Be sura
that Lawrence did full Justice to the phys
iognomy of his royal sitter and did not
hesitate to smooth over hi 3 shortcomings
in a physical way. Besides, it waa also
the faahion at that epoch to draw the
FIGHTING OVER
CALIFORNIA AND
NEVADA RAILWAY
Attacks Made on C. H.
Smith of Denver.
CONTEST FOR A RAILROAD
INDICATIONS THAT THE LIKE
IS TO BE MADE NEGOTIABLE.
>
Its Value Lies in the F?ct That It Is
the Only Available Entrance
Into Oakland From the
Uorth,
Tb« four years' contest over the title to
tbs California aaid Nevada Railroad
came to a head in Judgtt Marrow's court
yesterday afternoon by a determined at
tack upon Charles H. Smith, the son of
the builder of the road. An effort was
i:iade to have the suit of Charles H.
tSmtth against the California and Nevada
Kaiiroad Company, under which the road
via* thrown Into tho hands of a receiver,
thrown out of court, axid en effort was
mad© to hay« his «»uil In intervention in
liie geiMr&l foreclosure proceedings dis
inifceeu. Uoth efforts failed for the time
Leiiig. but the mov« nmiks the beginning
of a decided right agajast Mr. Smith, who
is uuw la his home at Denver. Colo.
Theru ure two suit* pending befora
Judge Morrow, both of which were orig
inally begun before Judge MuKenna. One
;t> liie suit of Smith against the railroad
ronpany wherein he charge* thai the of
l.cmJfi of the California and Nevada Ratl
joad Company illegally itsued $2ju,ovj
worth of bonds to tiicmselvts for their
cervices as oflieiais of the road, and he
t.fks iliui thtso bonds l>e declared void
iUid c*nceied. The other is the suit of
i:.e Ceutrai Trust Company to foreclose
Sovw.Vuu worth ot bonds on the road, in
c:~un:g toe JiOu.OOO wurth of bonds which
.^lr. jjruuh claims are Illegal. In this suit
Mr. £>mnh intervened as a bondholder,
..—.;:„ exactly the same charges in his
KUii in intervention that he cid in his
tnginal suit against the company. These
runs have eliunbßj-e<i tUong for nearly
Juur years, until a move «uj made yes
terday afternoon to oust Smith from each
BUIL.
Attorneys Judkin and Clement, repre
senting vie officials of the road and the
polders of the disputed fcwu.Oiw worth of
bonds, asked to have the original suit dis
missed upon the ground that Mr. Smith
M as a rtbident of California, and not Colo
rado, and they produced several bonds
fciven by Mr. iSmith wherein he declared
i.imfcelf a resident of California. Z. T.
Crfaipi::. representing Mr. BmiUi. presented
fcii ailidavit from Mr. Smith showing that
he hau never taken Citizenship in Cali
lorr.m. but was a resident and citizen of
Denver. The motion to dismiss the or's
lxial suit was denied., but an answer will
be filed.
It was then discovered that the re
ceiver, for the road had been appointed
under the original suit and had never
teen extended under the second suit of
the trust company, which made the dis
missal of the first cult Impossible with
out jeopardizing the Interests of the
i^rcperty.
The same ]K>ir.t was made in the suit
of the trust company, which, had It
been allowed, woula have made it impos
sible for C. H. Smith to have tested the
validity of the $2!>0.000 worth of claimed
:i:e£ai bonds. Judge Morrow held that
Smith had a perfect right to Intervene,
ti.nd overruled the motion.
It was then charged that Charles H.
Smith did not own the bonds that he rep
resented in these suits, and the asser
tion was made that Uaey belonged to the
?-slate of Captain Smith, instead of to j
Charles H. Smith, and that the eon had I
secured them as against the Interests of J
Lbe other heirs. This is an ouzgrowxb .of
certsa iification:. now- ptndliig lit" Ala
meda County over Captain Smith's es
tate. Jtsdge Morrow allowed a pleading
to this effect to go '^ito the answer In the
cas«.
All of this means fight. Charles H.
Fir.ith charges that J^'jO.O'Vt worth of
1-onds have been illegally issued, affect
ing the value of the bonds he holds, 'lhe
ether side charges that he does not own
the bonds he holds, but secured them
from his father while tho old man was
Incompetent to make the transfer, tmis
reducing the vaJue of the old man's es
tate.
It 1* evident that each side desires to
secure control of the little road, which
Is the only available entrance Into Oak
land for any road approaching from the I
liorth. as has the Santa Fe system. The j
indications ere that the road is to be put i
In -shape for some movt.
Beat a Lame Horse.
Walter Melnor, driver for the San
Francisco Matzo Company, at 1240 Folsom
street, was arrested yesterday by Officer
\V. T. Hooper and charged with cruelty
to animals. Melnor was driving a lame
horse up Larkln street, beating the poor
beast unmercifully at overy atop. It was
jiPro^sary to remove the animal In the
horse ambulance.
A Robber and Forger.
John L. Baggy, a longshoreman, was ar
rested yesterday af^-ernoon by Policeman
Knight and booked at the City Prison on
charges of robbery and forgery. He Is ac
cused of stealing a . check for $".0 from
Nicholas Uddfoifc, cook on lightship No.
70, on the watex front, which he presented
at the Sub-treasury . for . payment after
forging Ijddf/olk's name to It. The money
was paid to him and later the forgery was
discovered.,
NEW STORE. NEW GOODS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS!
LADIES* CLOTH PLAID WAISTS, value for $2, will Ol OC
be offered at Uli/3
LADIES' FANCY STRIPED SKIRTS, value for $1, will be C(| n
offered at JUu
LADIES' STOCK COLLARS, in all shades, will be offered |CAC A
.¦ ¦ • • • . inn
at r." I J!i
LADIES' WRAPPERS, value for $2, will be ottered $1 flft
at oIrUU
LADIES' GOLF CAPES, value for $12.50, will be 0Q f|)
offered at. dOi UU
J.U DKlul\\\yUt
1146 Market Street,
Bet. Taylor and Mason.
In the Supreme Court.
The January term of the State Supr<Mne
Court began yesterday and the Justices
have a large number of cases on the
calendar to consider. This ! morniyg two
habeas corpus cases will be hear.tY. One
is that of Hugh Buchanan, an inmate of
the asylum at Napa, who seeks his release
from that institution. The other is that
of Bernard Ward, who was oonvicted of
embezzlement. Pending an r,ppeal of his
case to the higher court Wat.<l offered bail
on one charge, and now he keeks to com
pel the lower court to accept bail on an
other charge of the sam^ nature.
The revenue of Sierra Leone for the past
year reached tho sum of $558,410, the larg-
est ever collected In the colony. The ex-
penditure was $505,560.
and the mechanical manipulation of the
pigment must be settled early in the ca
reer, so that the mind is left free to cope
with the more important and greater at
i tributes. Otherwise the man Is continu
ally • hampered with distressing details
and worries that preclude mastership.
So, In looking over the list of the world's
' great artists, we find that most of them
were well equipped at a time when mod
ern men are still at the schools. Law
rence drew creditably when he was 10
years old, and, although he had no in
struction, he seemed to get at his results
by Intuition, as It were, from the first.
Later he went for^a while to the schools
I at the Royal Academy, but he did not
| linger long there, and it may be said that
! he practically earned his living from the
I time he was 10 years of age.
Thomas Lawrence was born in Bristol.
England, on May 4, 1769, where his father
at that time kept a hotel, although he
came of people In fair social standing. But
the father of the painter was a sort of
ne'er do well and of a roving disposition,
so that he went from Bristol to Oxford,
thence to Bath, following the fashionable
world, trying to find sitters for his little
boy, who was considered a phenomenon
with the chalks, and who drew rfnybody
willing to give up a few shillings for the
work. The lad was good looking and re
ceived a great deal of attention, which did
not turn his head, however, and he had a
certain vogue even at this early period
among prominent people traveling thither
j for the baths or amusement. There re
i mains, done at this time in colored
i chalks, an old portrait of the Duches3 of
Devonshire, which still hangs in Chls
wlck House, In the room In which Charles
Fox died. Then, as all through his career,
he was a faithful worker, applying him
self with great enthusiasm, and presently.
In 1757, he came to London for the first
! time. He was now In his eighteenth year,
and Is . described as being handsome in
person, with bright eyes, regular fea
tures and long, brown hair falling over
his shoulders in curia. He took rooms in
Leicester Fields, near Sir Joshua Rey
nolds, whom he little thought he was one
day to succeed as president of the Royal
( Academy.
The genial Sir Joshua was very friend
ly to the young man and gave him much
kindly advice. "At first he was carried
away by the prevailing classicism of the
day, for it was a time in England when
it was the fashion to dress modern heroes
up In Roman togas and pose them before
great columns and curtains, on marble
benches or. in. the environment of the old
Caesarian times. Features were painted
with an aggravating regularity and lack
of character that In these days It is dif
ficult to account for. There was stlltedness
In the pose and a pomposity that did not
escape being ridiculous. This custom pre
vailed as well in France and may be said
to have culminated with the work of the
painter David. Thus It was that Law
rence's first effort was a commission to
paint a picture called "Homer Reciting
His Poems to the Greeks." The work was
exhibited in 1791 and was not a success.
The year before, however, he had exe
cuted a portrait of the beautiful Miss
Farren, the actress, who later married
Lord Derby, and with this canvas he
immediately attracted great attention
among the critics of the day and the
fashionable world of -London. It paved the
way for many subsequent commissions,
for It was the portrait of the year at the
exhibltion. The opportunity was most Ta
vorable for Lawrence. Gainsborough had
died two years before. Sir Joshua was old
and nearly blind and Romney had but a
small following.
The King, George 111, took an Im-
KNIGHTS TEMP LA R BANQUET.
Installation of Officers Is Followed
by Presentations and a Dinner.
San Francisco Chapter, Xo. 1, R, A. M. t
held its regular installation of officers last
evening at Its headquarters In the Post
street Tt-mpJe. Tiie following were the
officers elected and Installed for the en
suing term of office:
- James M. Troutt, M. E. high priest;
Charles \V. Taber. E. king; Brainard N w
Rowley, E. scribe; Benjamin Harris,
trea-surer; Henry G. Prince, secretary;
James E. Gordon, captain of the host;
Charles C McDougall, principal sojourner;
Thomas L. Henderson, royal arch captain;
Edward J. Vogel, master third vail; Ernst
A. Buchse, master second vail; Gustav
Gunzendorfer, master first vail; Theodore
E. Smith, organist; Edward Gilberts,
guard.
At the conclusion of the installation cer
emonies G. H. L'mbsen,. the retiring high
priest, and Secretary H. Prince were
madu the recipients of uelicate compli
ments from those over whom they have
exercised the authority of their positions
for the past year. Mr. Umbscn was pre
sented with a beautiful clock by the mem
bers of his chapter and a magnificent
diamond-studded gold watch by his per
sonal friends. Judge Troutt, the new
most eminent high priest, made the pre
sentation speech on behalf of the mem
bers of the chapter and the address ao
companylng the watch waa delivered be
Edward J. Vogel, master third vail.
Mr. Prince's remembrance consisted of
a beautiful solid sliver dinner service and
was tendered him by Thomas I* Hender
son, royal arch captain, acting as spokes
man fur the others.
At the conclusion of the ceremonies In
the temple the entire assemblage ad
journed to the California Hotel., where a
banquet was awaiting the Templars, the
discussion of which was prolonged until
far into the early hours of the morning.
HONGKONG MARU
ARRIVES FROM
ASIATIC PORTS
Passengers Landed.
Ship Quarantined.
HARTFORD TO HAVE HER TRIAL
?
SHE WILIi GO OUTSIDE ON A
CRUISE TO-MORROW.
Chilean Ship Hindostan Springs a
Leak and Puts in Here in Dis
tress — Another Overdue
Arrives — Notes.
The Toyo Kisen Kalsha's steamer Hong
kong Maru arrived from the Orient via
Honolulu early yesterday morning. Sho
brought up thirteen cabin and eight sec
ond class, passengers, besides fifty-three
Chinese In the steerage. Though she had
neither freight nor passengers from
Honolulu, she had to join the Algoa in
quarantine. Quarantine Officer Kinyoun
Is taking no chances and not a vessel that
comes from Hawaii will be allowed to
dock until every . rat aboard has been
killed. The rodents are more to be feared
than a man with the plague. The latter
can be guarded against, but once a rat
gets ashore with the bacilli there Is no
telling where the disaster will end.
Lung Kal Chew, the prominent Chinese
revolutionist, was a passenger on board
the Hongkong Maru, but stopped off at
Honolulu. He had discarded his Chineso
garb for Caucasian clothing and was
traveling under a Japanese passport aa
B. Kashibara.
The bark Albert came In from Honolulu
yesterday and was sent to Join the Hong
kong Maru and Algoa In quarantine. The
Falls of Clyde, which arrived from Hilo,
was not quarantined.
The Hartford was the center of attrac
tion on the front yesterday. The his
toric old ship looks like a yacht, and
with her formidable battery of modern
guns would be able to give a good ac
count of herself In any company. She
will probably go to sea to-morrow on a
trial cruise, and on her return will fit out
for the voyage to New York. Yesterday
the apprentice boys were given a sail
drill, and the way in which they put a
full working suit of canvas on the sioop
of war made the sailors on the British
merchantmen give vent to many marks
of approbation.
The French bark General Neumayer,
which it was feared had gone ashore near
the Horn in the October storms, reached
port early yesterday morning. The vessi-l
was IS6 days out from Swansea and 29
per cent reinsurance was paid on her by
the underwriters. Of the other overdues
the A. G. Ropes from New York had to
put Into Port Stanley with her rudder
post twisted; the Musselerag from Ant
werp is coming via the Cape of Good
Hopt. having lost a suit of sails and had
her bulwarks damaged and decks swept
off the Horn; the Canrobert from Ham
burg put into Valparaiso short of water;
the Blackbraes from Newcastle, Eng., put
Into Port Stanley with tho loss of a suit
of sails and with her steering gear dam
aged; the Emllie Galluie from Swansea
put Into Rio de Janeiro partially dismast
ed, and the Simla from Cebu for Puget
Sound put into Hongkong dismasted and
with her decks started. All the ships that
have arrived and are now due have had
a fearful time of It during Ocrober.
The Oceanic steamship Company's Aus
tralia sails for Honolulu to-morrow. Over
eighty cabin passengers have been bookert
already and freight has been refused
frorr the day the vessel reached port.
The Chilean ship Hlndostan came into
port yesterday in distress. She sailed
from Port Dlakeley for Valparaiso on De
cember 8 with 1,082,606 feet of lumber, val
ued at $10,772. Soon after leaving the
Sound | she sprang- a leak, no Captain
Walsh decided that it v.as better to put
in here for an overhauling. The Hindo
stan was built in 1574 and Is owned by
M. B. Peede of Valparaiso. She is loaded
on owner's account.
to proceed to Fort Mason to form part of
the garrison there.
Troop O of the Sixth Cavalry, stationed
at the Presidio, secured the son of Mr.
Sommer, chief clerk to the post quarter
master, as a recruit last week. Roy Som
mer is the new soldier. He ha.s been
brought up among the troops and would
have joined the service long before this
if his parents had not objected. He is
particularly enamored of the cavalry arm.
A college chum, George Hart, enlisted
with him, and both are going to try for
commissions. Both boys are about 19
years old.
The contract of Acting Assistant Sur
geon T. A. McCulloch, who is now at Be
nicia, having been annulled for 111 health,
he has been ordered to proceed to his
home In this city.
The detachment of men from the hos
pital which was to be sent to Honolulu
on the transport Tartar will go down
there on the next mail steamer instead of
on a transport, as it Is the evident inten
tion of the Government not to have trans,
ports put In at Honolulu until all danger
of the plague has passed. The Tartar
will stop at Guam Instead of at Honolulu.
MOMENTS OF REST ARE
PROMISED SHOP GIRLS
Success Is Already in Sight of the Agitation
Started by the Mothers' Union of
Golden Gate.
» — ¦¦ . ?. I 111
LABOR COMMISSIONER MEYERS IS STILL WAITING.
California Club Joins the Crusade and Its Members Will Make
Individual Appeals to the Merchants to Provide Seats
for Their Female Employes.
THERE Is hope for the saleslady
and the shopgirl. The agitation In
their behalf, started by the Moth
ers' Union of Golden Gate, is
spreading. Women who Interest
themselves in the welfare- of their ] sex
are taking hold of the matter with a de
termination that cannot fall of success.
The law which says that merchants em
ploying female help must provide seats
for their employes' use is receiving their
attention. It is going to amount to some
thing if the women have their way. A
quiet inspection of the stores of San Fran
cisco is one of the things that the crusad
ers contemplate. Any proprietor who Is
not treating his lady clerks as the law
and humanity demand will be requested
to get In line. There will be no foolishness
about it. Just one polite request and the
merchant who does not take the hint will
learn of his mistake soon enough.
It may be said to the credit of the pro
prietors of most of the leading stores of
the city that they have no objection to the
enforcement of the law, but there are
some who do not take kindly to any In
novation that might add to the comfort
of their employes. These are the people
on whom the women have their eyes.
They have chairs behind their counters,
but woe to the clerk who has the temerity
to rest. The eeats are for ornamental pur
poses only and to make a show of com
plying with the law. Girls employed In
these etores dare not talk of their mis
treatment. Their mouths are closed with
the fear of dismissal. Their positions
would be the price of their complaints.
These are the women for whom the
Mothers' Union has taken a stand and
for the securing of whose rights the la
dies of this city will lend their assistance.
These are the women whom Labor Com
missioner Meyers uses as the excuse for
his deplorable inactivity. Mr. Meyers is
waiting for complaints and he knows that
these girls dare not make them. They
have hoped against hope that he would
some day realize his duty and perform It.
In that was their only anticipation of re
lief until the Mothers' Union took up the
battle for them.
The latter Is acting while Mr. Meyers is
still waiting for complaints, although it
cannot be said ho is not agitated — what
about is one of the secrets of his ofllce,
but It is presumed that It Is either over
his own inactivity or the idea that it has
been suggested that he should take a pre
paratory course In the duties of a Labor
Commissioner.
Shopgirls will not have to complain to
the women who have undertaken to help
them and it will not be very long before
they will be able to take a bit of rest
whert they are not busy without fear of
losing their positions.
So much for the agitation started by the
mothers of the other side of the bay.
From the aspect of things It appears that
their fight waa all but won when they
adopted the resolutions that have attracted
the attention of the women of the State,
and apprised the Labor Commissioner of
the fact that his duty Is not to wait but
to work. The ladles, however, will not bo
satisfied with their fight until they have
clinched the victory.' They are going right
along with their plan of campaign just as
though success was not already in sight.
On this side of the bay the crusade is In
the hands of the California Club, one of
the representative women's organizations
of the State. Mrs. Lovell White, the pres
ident, brought the matter up at a meeting
hold yesterday afternoon. Every member
warmly commended the Mothers' Union
for the action It had taken and enthusias
tically placed their services at the com
mand of the union. For the reason that
the club has In hand the preservation of
Telegraph Hill It was not thought advis
able to take up the shopgirl subject us a
body until the efforts to save the old
landmark are completed.'
"We are heartily In sympathy with the
movement In favor of the women clerks."
said Mrs. Lovell White, "and individually
our members aro going to use their Influ
ence to get the merchants with whom
they trade to comply with the law and
provide their employes with seats for use
when they aro disengaged. On the theory
that with too many Irons in the fire none
of them get hot, the club did not think it
advisable, as a body, to agitate the mat
ter. I do not think that our members will
have any difficulty in bringing the mer
chants around to our way of thinking."
Resolutions were adopted congratulating
the Mothers' Union and expressing the
sentiments suggested by Mrs. White.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1900.
WAR BETWEEN
BILL-POSTERS
ENDS AT LAST
Two Rival Firms Have
Consolidated.
AFFECTS PROPERTY OWNERS
OWENS & VARNT3Y AND SIEBE &
GREEN CALL IT OFF.
After Losing Barrels of Money They
Conclude to Stop Fighting and
Join Their Interests — A
Bitter Contest.
The merry w ar between the rival bill
posters which has raged In this city with
more or less Intensity and bitterness of
feeling for the last four years has at last
leen called oft. The news will be re
ceived with sadness by the real estate
owners who have fattened their bank ac
counts with the absurdly high rentals they
ha\e received for the use of vacant lots
on which the rival firms desired to erect
billboards. Th© struggling property owner
will no longer be able to draw a $100 in
come from a $13 lot, because there wilt be
no more competition between the paste
slinging outrits, and without this competi
tion fancy rentals are impossible.
The rival firms of Siebe 6c. Green and
Owens & Varney have been consolidated
under the name of the California Bill
Posting Company, and hereafter there will
be bui one brand of paste used in San
Francisco, and the market value of vacant
lots and old barns suitable for advertis
ing purposes will suffer a serious relapse.
The members of the new firm are Fred
C Siebe, George 11. Siebe, J. Charles
Green. Thomas 11. li. Varney and Len U.
Owens.
Geurge Siebe and Len Owens will be
the inside men and Mr. Green will be the
advertising manager, but all tive are
equally interested In the business. A
member of the new firm said last night
that the losses of the two firms which
have been consolidated during the last
two years aggregated $272,w0 as the result
of the ruinous rivalry that has prevailed
between them. Now they have the whole
lield to themselves and hope to retrieve
their losses by using the a_x liberally in
cutting down rents for billboards. No In
crease in advertising rates is contemplat
ed, notwithstanding the fact that monop
olists are supposed to charge the public
all that can be squeezed out of them.
"We have a capital of a Quarter of a
million," said the member of the firm re
ferred to last night, "and our Held of
operations will include San Francisco, San
Jose, Oakland, Alameda, San Rafael,
Petaluma and Honolulu."
The light between the hill posters began
four years ago when Siebe & Green en
tered the field in opposition to the Cali
fornia Adsigns Company. The latter com
pany was rinally succe«*ded by Owens &
Varney and the war continued with re
newed vigor. During the last few months
the competition between the rivals to se
cure boards on choice lots became so fierce
that enormous prices were paid until the
rents exceeded the income from adver
tisers. Of course such a ruinous condi
tion of affairs could not long continue,
and the consolidation was the natural
and practically the only outcome.
9
Chamber of Commerce Election
The annual election of the trustees of
the Chamber of Commerce will be held
to-day from 12 to 3 o'clock. After the
election there ¦will be a meeting of the
trustees, at which the annual report of
Secretary Sr.itt will be presented. The
i.qular ticket names the following
«'har!es Nelson, president; Gcor?c \
Newhall, first vice president; H. F Allen'
rocoad vice president; Wake-field Baker'
K. H. DtmanO, A. B. Field, H. F Fort
riann. William Hnn=, H. R. Mann W H
Marston. Geonje W. McNear Jr.. William
i;. Mlghrll. H. lloser.fcld, A. G. Towne
Charles M. Yates.New York Stock Market.
XEW TORK. Jan. I— The volume of trading
In eu>ck« to-d«y was on a small scale and a
ilejjoaltlon «v manifest in Wall street to
await the development of events before taking
cm etocks. The sensltiveneFS of the market to
the Influence cf foreign events was a leading
motive. Notwithstanding the downward course
of Interest rates in London and en the Con
tinent H Is dear that there is need of more
tocmer abroad. Foreign observers of good au
thority offer the suggestion that the present
*ose of niont-j- abroad Is due to artificial causes
on Government Initiative. In England it Is
?•vid^r.t that the purpose of this maneuver Is
to prepare th» mor.ry market for placing «ov
«rninent loans at jui xavantage. In Ormany
k Is defipnf.l to i-tr*ngtfcen confidence and
n*lp out the V£*t Industrial enterprises which
have been unrirrtaken there. In any event the
*..«rt la to draw cold from New York under
pressure arid to send American securities home
to market. The foreign exchange hou»-s as
e*rt that the present level of discount In Lon
don leaves no margin cf profit on the special
at n action offered by the Ua_-.k of England on
loans to be repaid In gold. The arriving ship
ments of An.eriran jroid are tbe cause of the
'*"!? I-ondon discounts. How U. n g the easo
will «yW In fac» of the cei-sattcn of ehlp
mtnto If doubtful. Meantime rates for money
fct interior points In this country are rUJni
Mttxplr and it Is a question how long the
;N-» \ork maikfrt could look to that source to
replejiith a drain to the London market In
}£ e AV 1 T Ur n« an " < ' B , there v lmle deposition
In American financial circles to hold up prices
of merely to afford a market for
I.re^-n .i.juldaUon. In to-day's market open
-ng prices were well <Jown to or below the
London farity, B0 IoTIK sf . lUng
¦was In evidence they were allowed to remain
there or nearly so. La te r In the day there
•ure of the London Bellies- ceased. This nan
t.rougnt back a few stocks *old earlier In the
S? l Uf?i22^«*r W ? te *'« r<^ jrl '"• a repulse
J* "I?!? 0 ? I *,*} x *«>-»»>'h. While there was
no effort to bid up prlr-e» there was good ab
j-orptl-m at the region, socne v,rThw7
blocks of prominent railroad stock, being
taken on. New Jeraey Central was bid up
i^.i ?" *i n ,'nw-n.se of the dividend rate
without an> Bale. Su«ar. Urooklyn Transit
und Pome of the iron t=torks recovered sharply
tmm early weakness. The demand later i-i the
•lay in the ireneral list found uuch a licht
supply jric<-* hardened steadily to about hlkt
unlay 'a clewing level. NVt lo*k<-s were reduced
to fractions where they were not entirely
wijx-d out. *
Dealings in bonds were on a email scale
and the tone was heavy with a few rallies
in sympathy with stocks. Total sales uar
value, $1.2(>0.000. '
United State* bonds were unchanged in bid
prices.
XEW TORK STOCK LIST.
l.<;*s Atrhlson l"gv
22.171 Atchlson prefd '.'.' eou
4.4&0 Baltimore & Ohio r,i\
» Canadian Pacific 80
300 Canada Southern 451.;
11.S.V* Chesapeake & Ohio ;o>i
l.fci"2 Chicago <Jreat Western lJ'4
ll.lti', Chicago, Burlington and Quincy.... 121* i
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 18
Chicago Ir.d & Louisville prefd.... 47
• Chicago & Eastern Illinois 91
Liverpool.
Wheat— Mar. . May.
Opening s 104 6 lv
Closing 6 10 S 9*4
PARIS.
""Tieat— Jan. Max.-June,
Opening 18 20 19 00
Closing 18 05 19 00
Flour-
Opening 2400 24 80
Closing 23 90 24 80
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. I— CATTLE— Good to choice
Sun rises •?..,*
Bun sets
Moon » ets :::::::::::::::a*& v. m .
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the- second tide of
the cay, the third time column the third tide
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Publlsned by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
i? c *l ty .'"l ye ™ lnutPS later than at Fort Point:
the height or tide is the same at both places
JAPANESE WRESTLERS.
Their Physical Development I 3
Something Truly Remarkable.
Although the American Is willing to>
ncede to the Japanese the possession of
a mental capacity almost. If not Quite,
equaling that of the majority of the whit*
races, he Is apt to form a somewhat
slighting opinion of him as viewed from
a physical standpoint, says the Medical
Record. The specimens met with In this
country do not tend to convey a favor
able impression of their athletic powers.
After, however, reading an account of th*
physical measurements of sonw of tho
most prominent Japanese wrestlers, a
more respectful attitude regarding tha
muscular development of these little men
•will probably be taken. The Jljl Shampo
has recently published a table Kivlng tha
measurements of six of the foremost Jap
anese fighters. Ftom this table It Is gath
ered that the most bulky of these modern
gladiators weighs, at the age of 22 years,
about 300 pounds; height, 54 feet: srlrth of
i-hest. 58 Inches; lung capacity. 4453 cublo
centimeters; upper arm. eighteen Inches.
Another one weighs over 2SO ponds;
height. 6 feet 5 Inches; girth of chest.
4S Inches; lung capacity, 6000 cubic centi
meters; upper arm. 16 Inches. The small
est of these fighting mon weighs more
than 200 pounds, measures In height 5
feet 7 Inches, while In lung capacity he
exceeds them all. There are few wrest
lers or pugilists In this or any country
who attain to these dimensions, and tho«o
¦who have seen some of the best expo
nents of Japanese wrestling are wini-g
to back them when pitted ajratnst the
pick of the European or American ex-
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Jan. B.— May wheat opened 4c
over Saturday at 6S**i@6S T /4c. It speedily de
veloped that there was little excuse tor such a
bold front to the market for Liverpool was not
overly steady and the small world's shipments
perhaps somewhat bullish at first glance — con
tained a potent bear factor In the Increase In
Russian shipments against a decrease from
this country. Interest was divided between the
pits and the Board of Trade annual election,
with the latter the more magnetic. May sold
off early to 6s%c, where it steadied for a time
on buying against puts. The large receipts and
the poor export demand, however, acted
against this until even that poor Bupport was
practically withdrawn. Considerable long
wheat was thrown In the market In the liqui
dation which reigned throughout the session
May slumped through puts without effort and
touched 67$»c. closing shortly afterward In a
weak condition. %c under Saturday at 67%#€Sc.
Corn was dull and easy In sympathy with
wheat. May closed a shade under Saturday at
Oats were quiet and featureless and though
the market showed some easiness In sympathy
with wheat, the close was steady May being
unchanged at 23*& c.
Provisions, in the face of large hog receipts,
were firm. The market was not a large one
May pork closed 74c over Saturday; May lard
6<374c up at $6, and May ribs, 24®50 improved,
at $0 774.
The- leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. I—
January 65^i 65T4 644 64W.
May 68% 68% 67% 68
July 694 694 CB4 68%
Corn No. 2—
January 30H 30H So\i 30%
May 33 33 32V, 32%
JU Oat sNO."^ MH 83H "* 33 »
January ¦ .... .... 22
May 23T4 23T4 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 10 624
May 10 824 10 95 10 80 10 824
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 6 824
May 595 600 6 924 600
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 560 6 674 860 6 674
May 6 724 6 774 6 724 6 774
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring- wheat, 62*4ff'634c'
No. 2 red. 66406740; No. 2 corn, 3<«4c; No. 2
oats. 224<522*;c: No. 2 white. 26'4'ff25»ic; No.
3 white. 244GT254C; No. 2 rye, 624#63c; No. 2
barley, 3S®43c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 61; prime
timothy seed. $2 35; mess pork, per bbl $9 40i?2
10 65; lard, per 100 lbs. $5 65@5 85; short ribs
sides (loo«e>, $5 65@5 SO; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 54@5%c; short clear sides (boxed), $5 75
ffij £,5; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gal, $1 234-
Articles— Receipts. Shipments
Flour, bbls 29,000 32,000
Wheat, bu 44,000 80,000
Corn, bu 336.000 138,000
Oats, bu 184,000 176.000
Rye. bu 9.000 10,000
Barley, bu 61,000 25.000
— — — — — ,
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 22@29c; dairies
17®25c; cheese, firm. 12@12%c: eggs, firm, 20c.
Chicago Grain Market.
Charters.
Th« E. B. Button loads rugar at tb« Ha
waiian Islands fcr Delaware Breakwater for
orders, $6—25 c6 — 25c lese direct.
The General Neuniayer was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat to Europe, £3a Sd.
The New York Commercial raye:
"There are indications of en early revival
Cf t'Ußiners la the dried fruit Industry, and,
!n anticipation, many dealers are holding their
;, ¦* firmer. The year has opened under ex
ceptionally favorable circumstances for dealers
In dried fruits. Mocks In retailers' hands are
Frr.a;i. and. with the possible exception of
rrur.ee and currants, there Is no glut of any
variety. The shortage In other sorts is relief
ujK>n to keep the market en prunes and cur
rant* la Javorable condition.
"An attempt im being made to secure an
agreement from the principal handlers of
prunes In this market not to cut Driers. The
agreement names certain figures lor all elzej
larger than "O-SC's. and contains a clause cal
culated to prevent price cutting. Prunes are
firmer on the coast, owing almost entirely to
enlarging expert demand.
¦'RalFlns are quiet end trade Is limited to
email wants from retail distributors. Cali
fornia loose Muscatels are Jinn, but move
ment iE coir.raratlvely slow.
"Total importations of Valencias amount to
104,000 'boxes, some of which have gene to
Cu.na<!a in bond. Local stocks remaining are
fcbout MOO boxes, most of which are likely to
be eer.t to Canada If present inquiry con
tinues.
"'lmportations cf Sultana raisins aggregate
130.000 boxes for 1?39, against 45,000 boxes for
IS9B. Present prices are low, and mean heavy
loss to holders, hence there Is no urging of
tales. The Smyrna market shows advancing
tendency, but so far v known no increase
ha* actually occurred.
"Peaches are uncharged, though there is
rather more inquiry for the most wanted
varieties. Stocks are weZl out of first hands,
and second hands hold supplies under close
control. A break- in present prices U tbere-
Weather Report.
<120fn Merl-Slan— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 9. 3 p. m.
The following ere the seasonal rainfalls in
the last 24 hours, and the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the correspond-
Sr.g date last t-eason:
Stations— 24 hours, eeason. season.
Eureka CIS 80.06 13.64
Ke-1 Bluff <>.") 14.CS 6.27
Sacramento 0.09 13.11 5.25
B&a Francisco 0.00 14. 3S S-6S
Fresno «.Cl «.10 2.C1
Independence *.<<o 2.08 0.7 i)
trar. Luis Obispo <'.fO 12.41 1.63
Lot Anpeles 0.00 4.67 0.86
i^n Diego o.<« 2.C0 1.5s
1 0.00 0.66 1.52
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
16 degrees; minimum. 4«; mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
t*Ol' pPiCT
The rresrure hae risen rapidly o\-er the
Dortbem half of the Pacific Coast. It has fallen
over Southern CaJlfornla, where high north
erly wir.d^ are rt-ported in the \-a!leys. with
t,ii..nal panfistormF.
The iemp*-rature has fallen slowly over the
treater r>"rtlon of the Pacific Coast.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Indej*?ndencc, 40 miles an hour, from
the north; Yuma, 25 miles, from the north;
Neah Bay. £i mile*. frr,rr. the southwest.
The following river data are reported" Te
liania. 10.30 feet and falling: Saa Joaquin
bridge. 13 i feet, and falling; Colusa. 24. J feet.
ar.J rising; PacrajTM nto. 26.5 feet, ajid rUing.
Forecast made at San Francisco for the 30
hours t-ndlng: at midnight. January 9:
For Northern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
northerly winds; light frosts In the morning In
the valleys.
For Southern California— Fair Tuesday; frw«h
northerly winds: light frcst In exposed places.
For Nevada— Fail Tue«dav.
For Utah-Fair; colder Tuesday.
For Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday, with occa
sional RundMorrns.
Tor Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tues
•a-'V. with light frosts In the morning; fresh
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
•Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S2<-i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BSI4
Sterling Cables — 4 S9Vi
New York Exchange, sight — 124
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69
Mexican Dollars — 454
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Both spot and future prices were a
fraction lower, under small trading.
Liverpool and Paris both declined. Chicago
reported an easier market on increased receipts
In the Northwest. The visible supply decreased
899,000 bushels. Operators were bearish, as the
market acts heavier every day. London report
ed stocks weak on the African situation.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 974@35%c; milling, $1
©1 024.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 04' i.
Second Session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 034; 18,000,
$1 03%.
Regular Mornlns Session— May — 4000 ctls,
$1 03% ; 16,000. $1 03%.
Afternoon Session — May — 26,000 ctls. $1 034;
6000. $1 03%; December— 2ooo ctls, $1 07%.
BARLEY— The market continues dull at un
changed quotations. Offerings are somewhat
larger.
Peed, 724<3'75c for No. 1 and 60@70c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, Eo@S74c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 69% c;
4000, 70c; May— 4oCO. 69% c: 4000, 69'4c.
OATS — The situation has not chanced for
weeks. The market Is firmly held, but the de
mand Is poor, except for Black, which sell fair
ly. White. $1 10(?fl 30: Red, 11 074@l 20; Gray,
$1 07401 174: Black, 974c@$l 074-
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 974c®
$1 024 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 05®
1 074; mixed, 974 C&51 024.
RYE- %\<Q\ 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
"
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out 11.520 bbls Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 60 per bbl for extra,
$3 2553 40 for bakers" and $2 25<g3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 76; Rye Meal,
$2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25<ff3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4f4 23; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
$4 60: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $6@7 25; In sacks. $5 75^7; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $5 60 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Quotations for all descriptions stand as be
fore. The demand for Hay is light.
BRAN— SI 2 50<Jfl3 60 Der ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7(3^O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $16 60*317 M
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26<827; Job
bing, $27 SC#2S; Cocoanut Cakes, $20<g21; Corn
meal, $23 60'?24 50; Cracker Corn, $24@25; Mixed
Feed, $16 60S 17; Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50@8 50 for common to good
and $9(3'9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7@9;
Oat. $6 60@8; Barley. $5@6 50; Alfalfa. $s@B per
ton; Compressed, $7010 per ton.
STRAW— 25<g6Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers report rather more Inquiry for Beans,
with less weakness. Prices show no further
change.
BEANS— Bayos. $3®3 25; small White, $3 76®
2 90; large white. $2 30@2 50: Pinks. $2 50^2 65;
Reds. $3 25@3 50; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nom
inal; Lima, $4 90(g5; Pea, $2 90®3 10; Red Kid
neys, nominal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3334 c; Yellow Mus
tard, 4@44c; Flax. $2 124; Canary, 34c per lb
for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7@Bc;
Rape. 24@3c; Hemp, 4®44c; Timothy, 4@44c.
DRIED PEAS— NUee, $1 60@l 90; Green, $1 75
(32 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Oniotts and Vegetables.
Onions have again advanced, and Potatoes are
also tending upward. Vegetables continue weak
and In good supply.
POTATO F.S— Early Rose, 85@95c; River Reds.
65®75c; Burbanks, 50®85c per sack; Salinas Bur
banks, $l§i 25; Oregon Burbanks, 900®$! 30;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 50@l 60 for Merced.
ONIONS—*! 2S®l 60 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. lH?3c per lb;
String Beuns. l^c; Cabbage, 40@50o; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 60@$l; Egg Plant from Los An
geles. IC«SI24c; Dried Okra. 124 c per lb; Garlic,
t<B64c; t.r;en Peppers from Los Angeles. l@4c;
Dried Peppers, 8(fflOc; Carrots, 30Q'40c per sack;
Los Aneeles Summer Squash, 65c@U per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $12(g15 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Seven cars of Eastern were put on yesterday
and sales were made at $4 60 for Ducks and
Fryers, $2 for Geese. $5®5 SO for Hens and
young Roosters and $4@4 50 for old Roosters.
There were no receipts of local stock, except
a few dressed Turkeys.
Game was steady and sold off well.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@15c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 15
@l" c : Geese, per pair. $1 75@2: Goslings, $1 75
@2; Ducks. $4 60®5 60 for old and $4 500*6 50 for
young; Hens, $4g>s; Young Roosters, $5@5 50;
Old Roosters. $4#4 50; Fryers. $4 60<3i5: Broilers,
$4 60@5 for large and 3 26@3 60 for small; Pig-
NEW YORK. Jan. B.— FLOUR— Receipts, 14.-
PS4 barrels; exi>orts. 33.009 barrels. Weak and
generally lower except for spring bakers, which
were in fairly good demand and steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 20.000 bushels; exports,
241,956 bushels. Spot— Steady; No. 2 red, 7540
f. o. b. afloat from store; No. 1 Northern Du
luth. 78% c t. o. I>. afloat prompt; No." 1 hard
Duluth, So4c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 2 red,
72» B e, elevator. Options— Opened steady on
cables, but quickly yielded to active bear at
tacks, which, being supplemented by weaker
late cables, small clearances, liquidation and
disappointing export talk, -prompted a very
weak market In the early afternoon despite
an entirely unexpected decrease in the visible
supply. After a final slight rally with corn
the market closed steady at %c to \c net de
cline. March, 74Tia75V2C closed 74:4 c; Maj.
73 a - 4 cg-74%f% closed 73"ic; July, 73%@74 5-16 c,
closed 73* t c.-
HOPS— Steady.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFI3K — Closed steady at a net advance of
5 to 15 points. Total sales, 24,2.0 bags, includ
ing: January, S6 30*^6 40;. February, $6 40;
March, $G 45«i6 55; April , |6 50; May, *6 60@tf 65;
June, Jf6 65; July, $6 70<?i6 75; August, $6 75; Sep
tember, $C 80S6 90; October. $C &5; November,
$6 I*s; December, J7@7 05.
Spot coffee— nio, firm: No. 7 Invoice, 7%c: No.
7 Jobbing:, 777 7 ' 8 c; mild, firm; Cordova, S4@l24c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3itc; cen
trifugal, S6 test. 4 5-16 c; molasses sugar, 3%c.
Refined, firmer and fairly active; No. 6 $4 60-
No. 7, $4 45; No. S, $4 40; No. 9, $1 35; No. 10
$4 30; No. 11. $4 25; No. 12, $4 20; No. 13, $4 SO;
No. 14. $4 20; mold A, $5 25; standard A. $4 SO
confectioners' A, $4 SO; cut loaf. $5 40: crushed,
$5 40; powdered, $5 10; granulated, $5; cubes,
$5 15.
BUTTER— Receipts. 5920 packages, firm; June
creamery. WSZic: Western creamery. 25@30c;
factory. 17ii2l",ic.
EGOS— Receipts, 6669 packages, steady; West
ern, 24Q25c, loss off; Western ungraded at
mark, ICQ 23c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. Jan. B.— Evaporated apples
were firm and slightly higher for common and
prime grades on account of better country ad
vices and a cood export demand, but other
rrtces ruled easy.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
6g<>\c; prime, 6»i>g7Uc; choice, 7%@Bc; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34@Bc per
lb, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13<S15c; Moorpark, 15<31Sc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20@22c; unpeeled, 74'@10c.
eons, $1 per dozen for old and $2 60@3 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 50®2; Mallard, $3 50(g«; Can
vasback. $3 50@4 60; Sprig, $2 , r *@3 60; Teal, $2 50
@3; Widgeon, $2; Small Duck, $150; Doves,
7oc per dozen; Hare. $150; Rabbits, $1 25@2;
Gray Geese. $3 60@4; White. $150; Brant. $150
@3; Honkers. $5; English Snipe, $2 50®3 per
dozen; Jack Snipe. $1 25® 1 £0.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is lower, and dairies and second
creameries are particularly weak. Cheese is
unchanged.
Eggs are lower and quieter.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 25@26c; seconds,
235f24c.
Uairy— Fancy, 22c; good to choice. 19@20o;
common. 13:3174 c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 12o; old, 114 c;
Young America. 124#13c; Eastern. 154£tltie;
Western. 134315 c r>er lb.
KGGS— Quoted at 26@30c for store and 34@36c
per dozen for ranch. F.astem— Cold storage,
18@l?o for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh.
22@250. . "7
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Fine large Navel Oranges are In qulok de
mand and higher, and readily bring $2 25 by
the carload. Seedlings are weak and dull.
Common Lemons are easy and Inactive, but
fancy stock Is firm. Limes are plentiful and
weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— Soigftic per box for common. 73c<S$l
for good. $1 23@1 60 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4J?5; Cooa
Bay Cranberries. $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 60@2 JO
per box; Seedlings, 50c@$l; Japanese Man
darins, $1 6531 76; Pomelos, $I@3; Lemons. $1
©1 60 for common and $2{? 3 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $4'd-« 50; California
Limes, 25<g35c; Bananas, $1 60@3 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3 6<X2* per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
A few more changes In Fjplt will be seen.
The market oontlnues dull. Honey Is firm at an
advance.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In Backs, <Ho for
?0-60's. 4®4&c for 60-CO's. 84c for 60-7O'». B^o
for 70-80*8, 3c for 80-90* • and 2%0 for «0-100's.
Apricots, lliglSc for Royals, 124f8!16c for Moor
parks and 123140 for Blenheims; Peaches, 6"*@
6c for Standards. 6%56%c for choice and 7@Bo
for fancy; peeled Peaches, U4@i£c; Bvaporated
Apples, 61J<g74c; Sun-dried. 6®64c per lb; Nec
tarines, SQac; Pears, 64T74C for quarters and
SftlOc for halves; Black Figs. 24®34c; White
Figs, 4@*sc; Bleached Plums, 829 c; Unbleached
Plums, 7@74c for pitted and 14c for unpltted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime; 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. 84c; choice, 7Hc; standard. 640;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6V-c;
8-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
8-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 CO. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@10c; Walnuts, B©9o for
standards and 9010 c for softshell; Almonds
U4Ql2c for paper-shell, 9(gloc for soft and 40
6c for hard shell; Peanuts, h^i'a^a for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7V-'3Sc; Fil
berts, 12@124c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$4 60®5.
HONEY— Comb. 114@12c for bright and 104®
lie for light amber; water white extracted. 8c:
light amber extracted. 74<g7%c; dark, 54Q6c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26o per lb.
Provisions.
The market Is strong and Hams, Bacon and
Lard are all a fraction higher.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie Tor light.
12c for extra light and 134 c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 124<313c; Califor
nia Hams, nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl;
extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork.
$14 50; extra clear, $17 50; Mes3, $16 50; smoked
Beef, 14#144c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6?ic per lb for com
pound and 7%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
&Vie; 10-lb tins, S%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%'&7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steero. 114 c; medium, lie; light, 104 c; Cow
hides, lie; Stags, 74c; Salted Kip, 104 c; Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, sound, 18@lS4c; culls and
brands. 15c: Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry Calf.
20c: Sheepskins, yearlings. iij-ySOc each; short
Wool, 35f/60c each; medium, "G'Jj.iWc: lons Wool,
$IQI 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 20@2 75 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 2,
4c; refined, 64c; grease, 24c.
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains, 9'glOc; South
ern, S@loc; Middle County, ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 16@17c; Eastern Oregon, 13yi6c;
Valley Oregon. lS"gf2oc: Northern Mountain,
free, 11(5 14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
lie per lb.
HOPS— €SSc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7@74c per lb for Steers and 64@70 for
Cows.
VEAL— B&IOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@74c; ewes, 64570 per
pound.
LAMB— B®S4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%c for small, 5%0 for
medium and 5".i554c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, sVi<gs4c; dressed Hogs, 7®S4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 7®7V4c; Wool
Bags. 2SS3Oc.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle, $7;
Bryant, V, Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8; Co
operative Wallsend, $8; Scotch, — -; Cumber
land, $10 In bulk and $11 50 In sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egs. $13; Cannel, $11 per ton;
Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net cash. In 100-1 h bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered. 5%e; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Gran
ulated, 4Tic: Confectioners' A. 4;»c; California
A. ; Magnolia A, 44c; Extra C, 4^,c; Golden
C, 4Uc; barrels, l-16c more; half-bariels '*c
more; boxes, 4c more; 60-lb bags, V»c more.
No orders taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c: boxes
6ThC ]>er lb.
COFFEE— The circular of C. E. Blckford
gives the receipts at this port In ISU9 at 183 61S
bags, against 138.593 bacs in IS9S. The sales
from first hands were 164,489 bags, against
121.634. The stock on hand January 1 was
9994 bags, against 9953 on the same date In 1&99.
The world's visible supply January 1 was 7 036 -
492 bags, against 6,600,763. The circular says:
"A generally better feeling prevails every
where. Higher prices have been paid here for
coffee grading under 11 cents and all old crop
stock In first hands coming within this range
has been placed. A larger business has tran
spired than is apparent by the sales given be
low, considerable trading having gone on be
tween second hands, who hold uncommonly full
supplies, contrary ti their usual custom at this
season. Resales of unwashed Salvador, old
crop, have been made at SUo. New crop
washed Guatemalan and Mexicans are moving
within the limits marked by our quotations
with a good Inquiry for the very finest styles.
"Stocks in first hands consist of bags
Costa Rica, 13S Nicaragua, 2421 Salvador 3731
Guatemala and 1546 Mexican; In all Sl3« bags,
as against 9155 bags same tlmu last year."
We quote: Costa Rica— l343l6c nominal for
prime washed; 11®1240 nominal for good wash
ed; 1144?15c nominal for good to prime wash
ed peaberry; 94@11c nominal j'or good to prime
peaberry; 10^120 nominal for good to prime; B^l
SVic nominal for good current mixed with black
beans; B®B%c nominal for fair- 507^0 nominal
for common to ordinary. Salvador— P4J?l3c
nominal for good to prime washed; 7%^s*,c
nominal for fair washed; 94®114c nomlnal,for
good to prime washed peaberry: 7%®S\c nomi
nal for good to prime semi-washed: S4'g'S\c for
superior unwashed; S^c for good green un
washed: 9<3'94c nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry: ''^©"c nominal for common
to ordinary. Nicaragua— l4@l64o nominal for
prlma to fancy washed; Sjfllc nomlnnl for fair
to srood washed: SS'SMrC nominal for good to
superior unwashed: 9t?94c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican — 14401640 for prime to fancy washed,
new crop; U'-ifJJISc for strictly good washed,
new crop; 10@llc for good washed, new crop;
S4@9*ic for fair washed: 7Vi'3SVic for medium:
6@7c for Inferior to ordinary: ll^lSo for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9@940 nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry: S}»@Ssic
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
WHITE LEAD Is higher at 7@7sio per lb.
Red Lead and Lltharße.7i4@7%c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JANUARY 8.
Flour, qr sks ... 7.625
Barley, ctls 1.550
Outs, ctls 2.02U
Corn, East I.SOO
Uutter. ctls 247
Cheese, ctls 47
Beans, sks 900
Potatoes, sks ... 7.273
Onions. «ks 5>S
Pran. eks 3,130
Middlings, sks .. 645
Shorts, sks 4b
Sugar, sks 1,800
IV oi>l, bates 4
Pelts. Mis 25
Hides, no 1m;
Straw, tons 10
Hay, tons 459
Wine, cats 43.500
Lime, bbls 226
Pugar, bbls ISO
E«?gs, doi 4.350
Chicory, bbls .... 65
Quicksilver, flsks 30
Leather, rolls ... 61
OREGON.
Potatoes, ska ... 100>
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 4,792
Hops, bales 100
IFlaxseed. sks ... 1.153
I
New York Grain and Produce.
200 Chicago & Northwestern 1614
t.375 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 1064
7.0C6 C C C & St Louis 634
700 Colorado Southern 54
~S Colorado Southern Ist prefd 89
..... Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14
1.600 Delaware & Hudson 113
210 Delaware Lackawunna & Western.. l7j4
625 Denver & Rio Grande 17^4
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67
Erie 10%
TOO Erie Ist prefd 82
800 Great Northern prefd 16S
200 Hocking Coal 154
100 Hocking Valley 304
Colorado Id rrefd 14
700 Illinois Central Hl',4
lowa Central 11}»
210 lowa Central pr»fd 49
Kansas City Pittsubrg & Gulf 74
Lake Erie & Western 23
Lake Erie & Western prefd fc3
Lake fchore 107
7,454 Louisville & Nashville 784
«,020 Manhattan Elevated S4 ! »
2,625 Metropolitan Street Railway 174%,
SiO MfXica-i Ct-ntral 10^
....... Minneapolis & St Louis 58
Minneapolis and St Louis prefd.... 534
12.350 Missouri Pacific 464
Mobile & Olho 894
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 94
500 Missouri Kansas & Texas prfd.... 32
„ New Jersey Central 115
15.4J2 New York Central 1354
8,500 Norfolk & Western 23Vi
1.600 Norfolk & Western prefd 6TH
6.075 Northern Peclflo 62
2.370 Northern Pacific prefd "2"i
1.600 Ontario & Western 21V*
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Hallway & Navigation 76
5,250 Pennsylvania 131
Reading 17Vi
|,600 Reading Ist prefd 614
1.200 Reading let prefd 264
Rio Grande Western 37
Rio Graned Western prefd 61
St Louis & San Francisco 9
St Lcuis & San Francisco Ist prefd. 6$
100 St Lou'.s & San Francisco 2d prefd. 22
ISO Si Louis Southwestern 9%
St Louis Southwestern prefd 24
13.3 X St. Paul 117
t=i Paul prefd 172
Paul & Omaha lIS
30.140 Southern Pacific 36*;
1.530 Southern Railway 11
4.200 Southern Railway prefd 62"-;
100 Texas & Pacific 144
13.5G2 Union Pacific 46
7.575 Union Pacific prefd 73"4
Wabash 7
200 WaJjash prefd 20%
I.XX) Wheeling & Lake Erie 94
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 264
100 Wisconsin Central 184
Express Companies—
Adame 113
American 142
United States 45
\\>lls Fargo 120
Miscellaneous —
600 American Cotton Oil 83*
125 American Cotton Oil prefd 89
American Malting 7Vi
... American Malting prefd 29
1.475 Am Smelting & Kenning 36>.i
900 Am Smeltlns & Kenning prefd il\
American Spirits 24
American i-^irits prefd 17
SOO American Steel Hoop 42
American Steel H<o:> prefd 81
6,200 American Steel & Wire 47 7 i
600 American Ftoel At Wire prefd SO l^
110 American Tin Plate 314
100 American Tin Plate prefd SO 1 *
24,180 American Tobacco 101* 4
American Tobacco prefd 13j
£25 Anaconda Mining Co 33Vi
P"".445 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73^*
.400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 41T»
.660 Continental Tobacco 33
223 Continental Tobacco prefd 65V»
U.S3O Federal Steel 624
1.550 Federal Steel prefd 72% i
577 General Electric 122
400 Glucr.se Sutar 4?4
Glucose Sugar prefd Sl5
C 5 International Paper 23%
125 International Paper prefd 67
200 Loclede Gas 78%
National Biscuit 354
National Hiscult prefd S'J
National Lead 2.',%
National I^ead prefd 105
TV) National Steel t\\^
600 Notional Steel prefd 92
110 New York Air Brake 125
210 North American J44
Pacific Coal £0
I'aclflc Coast Ist prefd 84
I'aclfic Coast 2d prefd 63
J.4«>5 Pacific Mail 43^
6.316 Peoples Gas 103?,
TOO Pressed Steel Car 57
Presse.l Bt«>! Car prefd 874
443 I*ul!man Palace Car IS7
250 Standard Rope & Twine 9
13,635 Pucsr 13114
Sugar prefti 115
2.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 84Vi
7.615 United Stctes Leather. 16%
1,200 United States leather prefd 74
100 United States Rubber 421,;
United States Rubber prefd 1034
SlO Western Union 864
1.270 Republic Iron & Steel ">l4
290 Republic Iron &- Steel prefd er,u.
P C C & St Louis 7514
457.100 Shares fold.
CLOSING BONDS,
Do Ss re* lOSli
U S 2s res 1024
Do 2s couo HO,4
Do now 4s reK..124»-l
Do new 4s coup.l34Vi
Do old 4« re 5 ....1144
Do old 4s coup.. ll*4
Do 686 8 ree lir.4
Do Es coup 113^4
Dis of Col 3 C 55....119
Atchißon cen 45.. 9»
At< hlson ad 45... 7?%
Can 80 2ds 107
Clies & Ohio 445.. f>64
r>i cs 115
Chi & Nor con 7s. 139
Do 8 F deb ss. .116
Chi Term 4o <a%
D & R G 15t5. ...103V.
Do 4s 97
E T V & G 1et5.. 103
Erie gen 4s 6*4
F W & I> C Utß.. 73
Gen nice Le Jl!>
G II & 9 A C5....1T?
Do 2ds 105
H & T C 8s 109 V;
Do con Gs 111»4
lowa Con lets 110
X C P & Q lsts.. cy.
La. new con 45....1i»4
L & N nnl 4s »64
M X St T 2ds C 74
Do 4s 89U
NYC lsU 100U
N J C iren 6s IWi
N Carolina 6s 127
Do 4s 106
N Pacific lsts 110
Do 8s iCi
Do 4s josvi
N V C & S L 45..104\i
N & W con 45.... 90*»
Do gen 6s 129
Oregon Nay lsts.. llo
I>o 4s 100^
Or Short Line 65.. 130
Do con 6s 11l
Reading gen 4s 84
ROW lsts 05
S L & I M con 85.1094
S L & S F gen 65.120
St Paul con 167
S P C & P 1et5. ...118%
Do 6s 118
So Railway Zs 107
Stan R & T 6s 79
Term new set Ss.. 95
Tex & Pac lsts..lll«i
IX) 26k 64
Union Pac 4s 1021.4
Wabash lsts 113<4
Do 2ds 991^
West Shore 4s IHV4,
Wls Central lsts.. 89^4
Va centuries 85
Do deferred .... 5
Colo So 4s 83
80 Pacific 4s BOV4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
Chollar 15!
Crown Point 10'
Con Cal & Va.... 1 35!
Dead wood 60
Gould & Curry 20 j
Hale & Norcross.. 32;
Homestake 50 00
Iron Silver W
Mexican 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money —
Call loans &37
Time luans f.a>>
Stocks—
Atch T & S F.... ITi
Do prefd t r >%
American Sugar. -.131 V»
Do pref 116
Bell Telephone 333
Boston * Albany.. 243
Boston Elevated .. i>6%i
Bo«ton & Maine. .2^2
C B & Q 121%
Ed Elee 111 2«3
Fitchburg prefd... l2l
Gen Electric 12l^j
I*> prefd 137
Federal Steel SO
Do prefd 72H
Mexican Central.. IV%
Mlchican Tel 100
Old Colony 205
Old Dominion .... 20
Rubber 42« i
Union Pacific .... 45*4
Union Land. ....... 3
(Ontario 7 00
iOphlr 65
¦ Plymouth g
Quicksilver 1 75
Do prefd 8 00
]Slerra Nevada .... 40
Standard 2 40
Union Con 24
Yellow Jacket 20
West End 92>£
Do prefd lv
Westlnghs Elec .. 41
Wisconsin Cent ... 18«4
Dominion Coal ... 45
Do prefd 115
Bonds—
Atchlson 4s 97H
Mining Shares-
Adventure 6%
Allouez Mm C 0... %
Atlantic 24
Boston & M0nt... 279
Calumet & Hec1a..750
Centennial 18
Franklin 14%
Humboldt :. 1
Osceola 72
Parrot 414
Quincy 145
Santa Fe Copper.. 6V4
Tamarack ......IRS
Winona t%
Wolverines 40
Utah 37tt
TO SAIL.
Better feeling in Coffee, ztnth more business.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.'
ll'toat declined a fraction. Other cereals unchanged.
Beans reported ratlxer steadier.
Xo change in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Onions higher and Potatoes nnn.
] Vegetables still glut the market.
Butter and Cheese weak and Eggs lower.
Sez-en cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Game steady and in good demand.
Hams, Bacon and Lard advanced.
Fine Oranges doing better. Choice Lemons well held.
Some changes in Dried Fruits. Honey ad'oanced.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Fair trading in local securities.
White Lead marked up.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. V. S N.. Meis.
chants' Exchange. Son Francisco, Cal..
January 8, 1900. _
Th<» time. ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day-—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th n-.erMlan, or at *
o'clock p. m. Greenwich ttoe. £££££
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
fat steers steady to strong; Inferior and com
mon grades. 15© 20 c lower; Texans generally 10c
lower; butchers, Btockers and canners, 10®25c
'o^'er-Poor to medium, $4 10@5: pood to choice
$» 10@6 55; mixed Btockers, $3@3 75; selected
feeders,' $4 20(^4 85; good to choice cows. $3 60®
2» 7 ?,U? elferB - * 3 40 @* X; canners, $2@2 80; bulls.
$2 oft@2 70; calves, $4@7 35; fed Texas beeves.
?t^o 50. * ...".
HOGS— Opened slow, closed strong: averages
steady; top for heavy. $4 65, good clearance.
Mixed and butchers "$4 2554 50: good to choice
S 6^ 1 %i 40 @ 4 E5 : r° u K h heavy, $4 26@4 33; light.
$4 jom 45; bulk of sales. $4 40@4 43.
SHEEP and lambs steady: active for good to
choice. Others weak. Native wethers. $4 33®
6; lambs, $4 40®4 65; Western natives, $4 25,
v\ estern lambs, $4 40@6 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 20,000; hogs, 42,000; sheep,
25.000.
&C w York metal (Market.
NEW YORK Jan S.— The week opened with
Indications favorable to Increased business and
Improvement In values in the metal market.
To-day several metals scored slight gains on re
appearance of buyers and encouraging advlcee
from abroad. Offerings, however, were less ur
gent, and as a rule were at a higher lovel. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON— Warrants quiet.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $16 60.
TlN— Steady, with J24 95 bid and $25 60 asked.
LEAD— Steady, with 14 70 bid and $4 76 asked.
SPELTER— Steady with J4 60 bid and $4 60
aeked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 45, and for
copper, $16 60.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Jan. B.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, January 6, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 67 892 000 399,000
Corn 12,613.000 1.016,000
Oat« 6.621.000 831.000
Rye 1.881,000 18,000
Barley 2.210,000 246,000
Cash in the Treasury.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. B.— To-day*« ¦t&tement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $284,619,683; told itserve.
$234,576,708.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. g.— Consols, 9S94®9Sli; silver,
27% d; French rentes, 99f 57Hc<S«9f 60c; wheat
cargoes off coast quiet and steady; cargoes on
passage nominal unchanged; English country
markets steady: Import into U. X., wheat. 229,
000; flour, 194.000; wheat and flour on passage
to U. X., 1.790.000; to continent, 790,000; Indian
shipments wheat to U. X.. none.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. B.— Wheat dull; wheat In
Paris quiet; flour In Paris dull; French country
markets quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 13-32 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot. American mixed, new nominal;
do old, 3s 6%d. firm. Futures, quiet; January,
Ss 6%d; February, 3s 6%d; March, 3s 6%d.
WHEAT— Spot dull. Futures easy; March,
6s lOd; May, 6s 9%d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Jan. B.— Clearances, $489,613;
balances, $72,622.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. B.— ln the Portland wheat
market business Is nearly at a standstill.
Quotations are nominally unchanged with a
moderate demand for Wnlla Walla at 62c and
61 and 520 for valley; bluestem Is quiet at
63®54c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. B— Wheat lower to-day.
Club, 61c; bluestem, 63c.
Foreign Futures.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 9.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
LOCAL MARKETS.
There was a fair business In securities in
the morning, though variations were few. Gas
Shipping Intelligence.
«» ¦ -y
ARRIVED.
Monday. January I.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, FUmer. 2D day*
2 hours from Hongkong, via Yokohama 13
days 2 hours, via Honolulu 5 days 20 hours.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. 85 hours from Coos Bay.
iHmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 35 hours from Eureka.
Br stmr Wellington, Wallace. 94 hours from
Comox.
Chll ship Hindostan. 'Welsh. 21 days from
Port Townsend for Caldera, Chile; put In leak
ing.
Haw ship Falls of Clyde, Matson. IS day*
from Hllo.
Bark Albert Griffith. 13 days from Honolulu.
Fr bark Gen Neum&yer. Bacheller. 17a days
from Swansea.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hour* from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Monday, January S.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Acaoulco. Cattarinlcb. Panama, etc;
P M S S Co.
Ektn W H Dimond. Nlllson. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Monday. January 8.
Etmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Xewbure, Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Acasulco, Cattarlnich, Panama, etc.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr CoqulHe River, Thomt-son. Grays Har
bor.
Schr Dora Bluhm. Smith, Honolulu.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Chll ship Hindostan, bound from Port
Townsend. for Caldera. put In Jan S and re
ports: Sailed Dec 13 lumber laden for Cal
dera. Chll*. Shortly after leaving Cape Flat
tery we had heavy gales of wind from SE and
heavy sea, which made the ship labor and com
menced to make much water, so the pumps had
to be ke^t going night and day. Nothing but
rales of wind all the time, so I put into th!a
port to try to stop the leak in tha ship and get
my pumps repaired, etc.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 8, 10 p n>— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 7— Stmr Ruth,
from Eureka. Jan S — Stmr Alcazar, from
Greenwood.
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan S— Stmr Cottagt*
City, from Skaguay; U S stmr Sheridan. henc«
Jan 5.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Jan B— Br stmr
Bloemfontein, from Seattle, for Honolulu.
EURKKA— Arrived Jan S— Stmr West port,
hence Jan 6.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan B— Schr Alice
from Eureka; stmr Luelia, from Eureka; schr
Serena Thayer, from Eureka.
Sailed Jan S— Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.
REDONDO— SaiIed Jan B— Stmr Brunswick,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan B— Stmr State ct Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan S — Schr W F Jewett. hence Jan
uary 1.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 7— Br stmr Port Al
bert, from Manila: Br stmr Sikh, hence Jan 4.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 4— Schr Defi
ance, for Honolulu.
Arrived Jan 6 — Stmr Sunol. hence Jan 2-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan S— Stmr
Alcazar, from Greenwood.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr A!tce Blan
chard, hence Jan 6; stmr Empire, hence Jan 6.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan B— Ger shlo Flott
bek. hence Sept 8; Br ship Muskoka. from Ore
gon.
ANTWERP— In port Dec 23— Br ship Milver
ton, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 26— Schr Allen A
from Eureka; Br stmr Flintshire, henre Deo
17. Dec 27— Brig J D Spreckels. hence Dec 11"
Br bark Kinjaurte. from Liverpool: Jap stmr
America Maru, hence Dec 21. Dec 28 Shlu
Jabez Howes, from Tacoma; U S stmr Iro
quols. from Lahalna. Dec 20 — Haw bark R p
Rlthet, hence Dec 13; bktn Kllkitat. from Port
Gamble. Dec 30— Schr W H Smith, from Ta
coma: schr II P Bendlxen. from Port Blakeley
Dec 31— Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, from Yoko
hama. Jan I— Stmr 20 miles W (Athenian);
another stmr 10 miles east.
Sailed Dec 2S— Stmr Australia, for San Fran
cisco. Dec 27 — Bktn Planter, for San Fran
cisco. Dec 2S — Ja3 stmr America Maru. for
Yokohama. Dec 29— Br stmr Algoa. for Saa
Francisco.
To sail Jan I— Br-stmr Flintshire, tor Ma-
Dlla.
SYDNEY"— Arrived Jan 7— Ship Florence, from
Chemainus.
HlLO— Arrived Dec 22—Sehr Helen N Kirn
ball, from Tacoma. Dec 27— Schr Lottie Ben
nett, from Port Gamble. Dec 23— Schr Jennie
Wand, from Grays Harbor.
KAHULUl— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Kalulanl.
hence Dec 1?-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BRISBANE— Arrived Jaa 7— Stmr 'vrarrimoo.
from Vancouver, etc.
KOBE— Sailed Jan s— Stmr Goodwin, for Ta
coma.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK, Jan. B.— Money on call, steady.
63?6 per cent; last loan, 6 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, C per cent.
Sterling exchange. Irregular, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 S7H@4 87% for
l em^ n A., ancl W S3* for 60 days; posted rates,
*4^S4®4 84H and $4 SBH; commercial bllle. $4 62tf
ro Sll X» r^ Cmlncat *"' 68%@D9H0; bar silver.
690; Mexican dollars, 47fcc
raUroadT^alT 1116111 - Bteadr: State> " teady:
London Market.
XEW TORK, Jan. B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The war nows was predominant all day.
General flatness marked the opening of busi
ness, caus«d by General White's dispatch that
he had been bard pressed. In the. American
department there was hesitation to begin busi
ness, operators dreading very low quotations.
First bids were at 1 to 1»^ below parity, but
Berlin sold oven at that level, although not
so heavily as on Saturday.
London sold on a email scale and no one
•earned to have the courage to support tha mar
ket. It remained flat until New York prices
wer« received, when within a quarter of an
hour the beet prices of the session were re
ceived. Then they sagged off until official con
firmation came of General White's successful
repulse of the Boer attack on Ladysmith.
This news caused such a commotion that busi
ness was almost forgotten. In the street prices
rallied to parity. African shares moved on
similar lines and other markets were more or
lees neglected, but they recovered slightly at
the close. Consols, which reached 88\i, rallied
to 98^ on the late war news and the extreme
ease of money, calls being quoted at 2>» per
cent.
The Bank of England boug-ht £439,000 in gold
eagles and £175,000 In German coin. A con
tinental demand for gold Is developing at 77s
>%<1 | S77b 9Vid. Good Paris advices Bay that a
large shipment of Russian gold is coming to
London this week. It is known that recent
German arrivals comprised Russian gold, that
country, owing to poor crops, having bought
considerable breadstufTs abroad.
Paris cheque to-day was 25.23; Berlin cheque,
20.49.
CLOSING
LONDON, Jan. S.— Canadian Pacific, 92H:
Union Pacific preferred. 76i»; Northern Pacific
preferred. 74H: Atchlson, 19. Bar silver, steady
at 27% i per ounce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
& Electric was stronger at $49 and Spring Val
ley Water advanced to $92 12S.
In the afternoon Gas & Electric advanced
to 549 75. Makaweli declined to $43 75 and
Onomea to $28. -
There was increased trading In oil stocks
on the Producers' Exchange.
The Kllauea Sugar Company pays 25 cents
per share on the 15th and the Paauhau Sugar
Company 35 cents on the 10th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Jan. B—l2 m.
Bld.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— ICent L & P.... — &tt
4s quar coup.. — — I Equit G L Co. 4% 5
4s quar reg... — 114^ {Mutual El Co. 14 15
*> quar new... — — !O GL & H.... 42*» —
3s quar coup..l(?S% — ! Pac Gas Imp.. 43^ —
Mirn-Hynn.il* il'ac Lichi Co. - *1
! Cal-sl Cab ?*..113H — SF G & E.... 43% 50
C C Wat 65. .106 107 ifcan Knaebcix i*» 4
i-'il 1. .¦c i' 60..ij0 — jStockton Gas.. 12 —
F&Q Ry 65.. 113 — Insurance—
i Geary- st R 6s. — 95 'Flrem's Fund. .22o 230
HC & S SUa..UI — i Hank Stocks—
IHC .* 8 r.5... .1.6*4 — lAneio-Cal Ltd. «S —
L A Ry 6s 103H108 ißank of Ca1. ..433 —
LAI. Co 03.. — — Cal SD A T.. — 9S
Dr. gntd 65.. - — 'First Nat10n1..2..0 —
Do rntd 65. .103 — Lon P & A. ...121 132 V*
LA& P R 63.101 106 Merchants" Ex — 18
Markrt-st — Nev Nat 8k... — 190
Do Ist M ss..lHiV» — Savings Banks—
NCN G R 7s. — — Ger S L L....1700 —
NR of Cal 6s. - — Hum S * T .. — —
!NR of Cal 63.112% — Mut Say Bk. 40 —
Nl'C R 11 6s. 102 — IS V **v L-. — —
NPC R R os.10« — ,Say & L So. — —
N C It R 65... 109 — iSec Say Bk. — —
OOL4I! 5s. lM 110 I Union T Co. — —
Oak Tran 65... 112 113 i Street Railroads—
Oak W-Co 35..1U3 - California 11W20
Oceanlo SS Co. — 104 iGeary-^t %L?~
Om C Ry 6a... — 126^ !Market-st Ry- 60% —
P&CI Ry 65..104V41C5^0 SL & H.... — M
Pk &O Ry 6s. - - IPresldlo ITH 23
Powell-st R6s — 121 I Powder Stock*-
Sac El G&RSs — — California ISO l.»
SF& N P 58.112^4 — iE Dynamite... s* —
S F & SJV 6s. 114&115H Giant Con Co.. 93H 94M.
BRy of Cal 6s. — 109^:Vlgorlt 3 i\i
S P of A 65. ...109% — Sucar Stocks—
SP C 63(1905). 108 110 Hana PCo \ S
5P C 65t1306).m - Haw C&S Co 86£ -
6P C 65(1912). — — I Honokaa S Co. 30»i 3Ui
SPCIs eg ss. — — Hutch 8 P Co. 28 2«H
6PBr 6« 124^124% Kllauea S Co.. — 21 Vs
B V Wat 65.. ..114 115 Makawell SCo 43H 44
6 V Wat 4s 103 Vi — Onomea S Co.. 2S 2SH
S V W4s(3dm).lolfc — Paauhau S Co. 23 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 101 105 Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.ll9V4l2o
Contra Costa.. 73V4 75 Mer Ex Awn.. -I™,
Marin County., .in — Oceanic 8 Co. 92^ S3X4
Spring Valley. 92%, 92%' Pac A F A.... IS Ife
Gas & Electric— !Pae C Bor C 0.,143 —
Cent Gas C 0... — — I Par Paint Co.. 9% —
Morning Session.
20 Giant Powder Con 94 00
1" Hawaiian Com & Sucar ?• 00
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 3100
2.', Onomea Sugar Co 2S EO
60 I'aauha.u S P Co 28 M
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 W
$4000 S P of A bond 3 110 00
10 Spring Valley Water SI •'•)
6 Spring Valley Water 91 62^
10 Spring Valley Water 91 $7Vi
117 Spring Valley Water »2
5 Spring Valley Water 92 12V4
600 Vlporit Powder 3 00
Street—
JCOOO Hawaiian C & S Co ~ 106 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 74 CO
60 Hana Plantation Co 7 75
6«) Hutchlnson S P Co 26 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 26 12V4
20 Makaweli 44 00
20 Makawell 43 75
25 Market-street Railway 61 12V4
10 Oakland Gas 4J »>
$2500 Oakland Transit Co 6s 112 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 00
35 Paauhau S P Co 28 12>4
15 Paauhau S P Co 23 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 75
600 Vlgorlt 3N
Street—
SlOOO Oceanic S S bonds 103 75
255 Spring Valley "Water 92 CO
100 Vigorit Powder 3 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Mornlaz Session.
Beard —
10 Alaska Packers 117 50
25 Giant Powder 93 CO
100 Hana Plantation 7 75
GO S F Gas & Electrc Co 4S SO
15 Spring Valley ffat'r 91 CO
$3000 Spring Valley Water 4s 2d mtge 108 12^
Afternoon Session.
100 Equitable Gas 5 00
60 Honokaa Sugar Co 30 87^
30 Onotr.ea Sugar Co 2S 50
, 25 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 00
. 10 Hawaiian Commercial 87 00
15 Spring Valley Water 91 75
25 Spring Valley Water 92 00
10 Sprlns Valley Water 92 124
30 Spring Valley Water 92 23
$3000 Spring Valley Water 4s 3d mtge 101 25
200 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
633 Burlington 1 00
£C 0 Dominion 40
700 Dominion 45
110 Home Oil 4 19
1M National 6 50
50 National 6 (52V4
50 National 6 75
200 Northneld 75
200 San Luis g 37^4
Afternoon Session.
300 Dominion 40
1000 Dominion 45
200 Home Oil 410
200 San Luis 6 37H
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board..
250 Northneld 73
"00 Barker Ranch 113
600 Century Oil Co so
100 Century Oil Co $0
100 Anaconda OH Co 173
100 Anaconda Oil Co 170
Afternoon Session.
50 Caribou 1 05
200 Anaconda OH Co 1 70
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Hoanl yesterday:
Mornlns
200 Best & Belcher 25
10) Chollar 20
100 Con Cal & Va..l 55
session.
100 Mexican S3
100 Overman 10
250 Savage 20
Afternoon Session
EOO Bullion 05
300 Chollar 17
COO Chollar 16
i«0 Occidental 19
9CO Potosl 20
Following were the sales in tha Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornin~ Session
300 Belcher H
800 Belcher Vi
200 Best & Belcher 24
400 Chollar IS
1050 Con Cal & Va..l 60
450 Con Cal&Va..l 52^
150 Con Cal&Va..l 47Va
200 Hale & Norcrs. 4')
300 Mexican 32
200 Ophlr n
200 Ophlr 72
700 Oplilr 70
200 (Herman 10
30") Potosl 22
200 Savage 20
300 Sierra Nevada. 44
100 Yellow Jacket.. 24
60>i Carters OMCa. 61
Afternoon Session
300 Chollar 17
300 Chollar 16
200 Con Cal & Va..l 45
200 Hale & Norcrs. 40
200 Mexican 30
200 Potosl 19
200 Savage is
300 Savage v
200 Sierra Nevada.. 42
300 Union Con 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Jan. 8— « t>. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 rm A O v
Alpha 02 04
AJla 03 03
Andes 10 12
Belcher 10 11
Best A Bnlchr. 22 23
Bullion 04 05
Caledonia 46 43
Chollar 16 17
Challenge Con. 19 21
Confldrnce 60 63
Con Cal & Va.l 40 1 45
Con Imperial .. — 01
"on New Yortc. — 04
rrown Point ... 11 12
Bxehequer — 02
Gould & Curry. 23 24
Hale & Norcrs. 40 41
Julia — 0:
fustlce — 03
Kentuck — oj
Lady Wash C 2 —
Mexican 2s Ti
Occidental \% 20
Dphlr g? «3
Overman 08 09
Potosl ig 13
Savage is 13
Foorpion 02
?eg Belcher 03 04
tflerra Nevada. 4* 43
Silver Hill <)3 05
St Louts 03
Standard 260 —
Syndicate _ 05
Union Con 23 26
L'tah 04 05
jTellorw Jacket. 22 24
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1900.
and the last or right band column gtrem tha
taat tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
wh«n a minus sign (— ) precedes the helgru.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is tht» mean of the lower low water*.
THE STOCK MARKET.
10
Dried Fruit in New York.
-
2 Tlme ~ Tlme Tlm « Time
H Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
?» H W L W H W L W
8 ... 6.42 5.9 12:49 0.6 7:31 J.j' 777TT
IjWHW L W H W
10... 0:01 J. 7 6:35 6.0 I:D2 0 1 g-47 4 0
1? ... 2:07 3.1 8:22 fi.l 3::G -0.7 10:39 4.4
13 ... 3:(M 3.1 9:13 6.1 4:201—0.8 U"2t 4 7
14 ... 3:f.« 3.0 10:0-5 fi.oj 4-m|-»S
15 . 0:00| 4.D| 4:43| B.o| 10:43| 5.9! 5:351-0.8
Steamer.
; From.
ic
San Juan
.'Bnnama
9
Robt. Adamson.
i
Tellus
.. [Departure Bay
i
Vr>ca Bay
Miarr.l .....
IT ,rr».A
.. [Seattle
I'roereso
i rt'ijreso
San Pedro.
..|llumboldt
v
State ut Ca1....
Corona
O. W. Elder...
Point Arena
Crescent City...
North Fork
Queen ,
Jlr.ana
Empire
Pomona
Matteawan
A. Blanchaxd..
Bonita
Arcata
Aloha
Columbia i
Aberdeen
..;>'ortlan<l
..'Son Diego
..|Portland
..jPolnt Arena
..Crescent City
? Humboldt
..(Victoria & Puget Si
..(Sydney
...Coos Bay
.., Humboldt
..iTaeonia
..iCoos Bay
..[Newport
...Coos Bay
..jCrescent City
. . i Portland
..jPortland
...jJan.
....Jan.
...!Jaa.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
nd Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
.... Jan.
.... Jan.
— Jan.
... Jin.
... Jan.
10
a
:i
v
v
11
12
13
13
13
13
:3
13
11
14
15
13
China
..iChlna and Japan...
....Jan.
li
Volumnla
Ne-wburg
..Hamburg
..(Grays Harbor
....Jan.
...IJan.
15
Steamer.
\ I Destln
iatl<
Salla. I
Pier.
I— — —
i
Santa Ros
,sa San Die
ego.
A-
. ». 11 am:
Pomona ..
Brunswlch
... Humbo
k I Humbo
)ldt.
jldt.
an.
'an.
. 9. 2 pnv
? 9. 12 ra
?ler
Pier:
2}
Aloha
...foreseen
? 9. 3 pm;
2
.~;i:n ¦ -,i
... ll'.niln
Australia
Homer ...
...; Oregon
arts.
:j
Coos Bay.
...|Newpoi
rt..
Umatllla .
State of C
...Vic & i
Pgt
n<\..
Sd.
. 11. 10 am
. 13. 10 am t
*
2k
A. Blanch
V 13. 1 pin :
!J
Corona . . .
Pt. Arena
Xorth For;
... San Dl<
i.. PMnt A
:k. IHumbo
ego.
A ret
)Mt.
. 13, 11 am,
. 13. 2pm
. 14. 9 am;
n..|Puset .'
Sou
i. it, 10 am;
Her. h.i ...
i. 15. 9 ami
t. 15. 10 am;
Hong. Mai
Queen ....
.ruiChlnaA
...IVtc & ]
& Ja
Pgt
i pan;
: Sd.
l 18. 1 prn
i. 16, 10 am!
3 MS:
Pier
Columbia
. . 'Portlar
i. IS. 10 ami
21
2 Tlme ~ Tlme Tlm « Time
H Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
?» H W L W H W L W
8 ... 6.42 5.9 12:49 0.6 7:31 J.j' 777TT
IjWHW L W H W
10... 0:01 J. 7 6:35 6.0 I:D2 0 1 g-47 4 0
1? ... 2:07 3.1 8:22 fi.l 3::G -0.7 10:39 4.4
13 ... 3:(M 3.1 9:13 6.1 4:201—0.8 U"2t 4 7
14 ... 3:f.« 3.0 10:0-5 fi.oj 4-m|-»S
15 . 0:00| 4.D| 4:43| B.o| 10:43| 5.9! 5:351-0.8
Steamer.
; From.
ic
San Juan
.'Bnnama
9
Robt. Adamson.
i
Tellus
.. [Departure Bay
i
Vr>ca Bay
Miarr.l .....
IT ,rr».A
.. [Seattle
I'roereso
i rt'ijreso
San Pedro.
..|llumboldt
v
State ut Ca1....
Corona
O. W. Elder...
Point Arena
Crescent City...
North Fork
Queen ,
Jlr.ana
Empire
Pomona
Matteawan
A. Blanchaxd..
Bonita
Arcata
Aloha
Columbia i
Aberdeen
..;>'ortlan<l
..'Son Diego
..|Portland
..jPolnt Arena
..Crescent City
? Humboldt
..(Victoria & Puget Si
..(Sydney
...Coos Bay
.., Humboldt
..iTaeonia
..iCoos Bay
..[Newport
...Coos Bay
..jCrescent City
. . i Portland
..jPortland
...jJan.
....Jan.
...!Jaa.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
nd Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
.... Jan.
.... Jan.
— Jan.
... Jin.
... Jan.
10
a
:i
v
v
11
12
13
13
13
13
:3
13
11
14
15
13
China
..iChlna and Japan...
....Jan.
li
Volumnla
Ne-wburg
..Hamburg
..(Grays Harbor
....Jan.
...IJan.
15
Steamer.
\ I Destln
iatl<
Salla. I
Pier.
I— — —
i
Santa Ros
,sa San Die
ego.
A-
. ». 11 am:
Pomona ..
Brunswlch
... Humbo
k I Humbo
)ldt.
jldt.
an.
'an.
. 9. 2 pnv
? 9. 12 ra
?ler
Pier:
2}
Aloha
...foreseen
? 9. 3 pm;
2
.~;i:n ¦ -,i
... ll'.niln
Australia
Homer ...
...; Oregon
arts.
:j
Coos Bay.
...|Newpoi
rt..
Umatllla .
State of C
...Vic & i
Pgt
n<\..
Sd.
. 11. 10 am
. 13. 10 am t
*
2k
A. Blanch
V 13. 1 pin :
!J
Corona . . .
Pt. Arena
Xorth For;
... San Dl<
i.. PMnt A
:k. IHumbo
ego.
A ret
)Mt.
. 13, 11 am,
. 13. 2pm
. 14. 9 am;
n..|Puset .'
Sou
i. it, 10 am;
Her. h.i ...
i. 15. 9 ami
t. 15. 10 am;
Hong. Mai
Queen ....
.ruiChlnaA
...IVtc & ]
& Ja
Pgt
i pan;
: Sd.
l 18. 1 prn
i. 16, 10 am!
3 MS:
Pier
Columbia
. . 'Portlar
i. IS. 10 ami
21Union Officers Installed.
California Union No. 1 of the Brick
layers' and Masons' International Union
of America Installed its officers last night
at il£9 Mission street. The attendance
was large and the utmost good fellow
ship prevailed during the entire evening.
After the new officers had been Inducted
J» to . l heir respective chairs a recess was
declared, in which light refreshments
w«*re. rartaken of by the members and
thHr Invited friends.
The executive committee, to whom was
referred the so-called strike on the new
pofitoflicp, reported that the trouble grew
out of the local unions, which undertook
to classify tho International union as a
6cab organization and in consequence
tried to call out the cement workers. The
action of the local unions waa charac
terized as being unwarranted in the face
of the fact that Union No. 1 holds a char
ter from the International Union of
America and is consequently in full fel
lowship with all State and Territorial or
ganizations throughout the United States.
The secretary stated that he had com
municated with thi- parent organization
in Rochester. N. V., and expected that
body to take notice of the action of the
lo £t" °JPf nlz atlons in this matter.
The following are the officers installed:
President John P Fitzgerald; vice presi
dent Pat Coan; financial secretary! Ous
Ha.en; corresponding secretary W D
Pickens. and treasurer, Thomas' Fltzger-
Polytechnic School Exercises.
The junior term at Cogswell's Poly
technic School closed yesterday with ap
propriate exercises. Miss Rose Stolberjr
reflected great credit on the school and
her teacher, Arthur A. Macurda. by the
manner in which she discussed the prin
ciples of mythology as illustrated In the
story of Apollo and Cupid.
Death of D. M. Eschbach.
SONOMA, Jan. B.— D. M. Eschbach. for
merly of Dutch Flat, and for sixteen years
a prominent business man of this place,
died suddenly last night. Death was due
to heart failure. Deceased was a native
of Pennsylvania and 65 years of age.
FRANK B. CRANE DEAD.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. B.— Frank B. Crane
a respected pioneer resident of this sec
tion, died at his home in this city this
morning after an extended illness from
cancer of the stomach. Deceased was a
native of Ohio and 07 years of age. He
was twice County Superintendent of
Schools and later served four terms as
under-sheriff. At one time he was con
nected with th city's police force and also
served as Health Officer. He had been ad
mitted to the bar and served two terms
as District Attorney of Sutter County in
early days. Three brothers reside in
Southern California, and Drs. W. A. and
W. E. Briggs of Sacramento and Dr. W.
Briggs of Roseville are cousins. He leaves
.a widow, four daughters and a son. He
was a member of the Knights of Honor,
Chosen Friends, Workmen and Odd Fel
lows.
ILLEGAL SEIZURES.
WASHINGTON', Jan. S.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day decided two
cases involving the question of the right
to capture coast fishing vessels belonging
to. the enemy in time of war and make
prizes of them. These decisions involved
two fishing smacks owned in Havana
which were taken by the blockading
squadron, condemned and sold as prizes.
The court held that the seizure was con
trary to well established international
law. Chief Justice Fuller. Justice* Har
lan and McKenna dissented.
In Vienna organ grinders are allowed
to -ilav only between miuday and sunset.
?;- : ¦• -, - - - - ¦ - ¦-- - - - -
FOR THE BENEFIT OF
THE YOUNG GENERATION
CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION DOES
VALUABLE WORK.
Last Year Was the Most Prosperous
One in the History of the
Organization.
The forty-seventh annual meeting of the
Young M«>n's Christian Association was
li»-id last night in the association building,
t ::.. r of Ellifc and Mason streets. The
j\< • ting was largely attended and great
: :.:. r..<t was taken in the election of ofil
<«rs for tbe ensuing year, which resulted
i - follows: President, X- V. Watt; vice
j residents, C. S. Wright and Edward Cole
tiiun; recording secretary, C. A. Maydwell;
treasurer, I. J. Truman; auditor, B. C.
White; directors, Edward Cowman, A. B.
Forbes. \V. H. Crocker, W. W. Chase, 1.
J. Truman. E. E. Kelly, M. D.. R. V.
Watt A. S. Johnson, C. S. Holmes, Cap
tain J. G. Leveasaler, C. S. Wright. C. W.
J'lke, J. J. Valentine. Robert Bruce, C. A.
Maydwiii, James Horsburgh Jr., C. B.
Jvrkins. fc>. V. Bufford. E. L». Sawyer was
appointed legal adviser and Dr. E. M.
iiixby 'physician.
Reports from the different departments
<>f the association showed a vigorous
growth for the past year, the membership
1 f.-ixig the largest in the history of the in
f-titution. Tne building, however, is still
* ncumbered by quite a large indebtedness,
l>ut the management has hopes of can
tiling a good portion of it in the next
roar.
The financial report presented by I. J.
Truman, treasurer, showed total receipts
Irom all departments, including rents, do
liations. membership fees, etc., to have
been J2i,7Ss t>s; of this amount 113,752 75—
about one-half of the total income— was
received from the members; expenditures
In all departments. Including management
r.f the work in the building, taxes, insur
ance, interest on indebtedness, night
tchool department, etc., $2*,2i/9 SI, leaving
a balance of $543 22.
The feeling was expressed that the val
uable work beine done for young men In
thiK c'ty by the association must of neces-
Bltr commend itself, tmd the hope was
pivf-n that wealthy citizens would lessen
the debt before the expiration of the year.
The anniversary of the association will
be observed Sunday. January 2Sth, on
which occasion Bcr. Dr. Hemphill will de
liver the anniversary address.
OAKLAND, Jan. h.— The report of Sec
retary Jacksson presented at the annual
meeting of the Y. M. C. A. to-night shows
that la«t year was the most fruitful one
Flnce the society has been in existence In
Oakland.
Over J3OOO was raised in 1559 and all bills,
Including the extraordinary one of $1485
fur street Improvements, were promptly
met.
During the pas>t year 165 new members
have joined the association and there are
now €22 men and boys identified with the
Oakland branch, against 436 in 1838. The
average daily attendance of people at the
association rooms was 2SI.
"We have furnished information during
the year to hundreds of young men peek-
Ing employment and places to board,"
raid the secretary in hi? report, "and have
liirniyheti a great deal of miscellaneous
Information to strangers In Oakland who
have called on us.
"In the educational department we have
rot done as much a? most cities, but this
Is due to the contiguity of this city to San
J'rancif.co. However, we had twenty
eight young men as pupils In this branch
of the association and will have more this
year. The physical and junior depart
ments are both doing exceptionally well,
and the outlook generally is tho most
Auspicious we hay« ever seen."
The annual meeting was preceded by a
banquet. In which a large number of the
members participated.
REV. GUY SMITH
UPHELD IN HIS
DIVORCE ACTION
Warmly Defended by
Fellow Pastors.
SEPARATION IS JUSTIFIED
— ?
EXDEB GIBBS STRONG IN HIS
COMMENDATION.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
DOS Broadway, Jan. 8.
The sensational divorce suit of Rev.
Guy W. Smith, pastor of the First Chris
tion Church, against Laura M. Smith of
Nebraska, the details of which were first
given publicity in to-day's Call, has cre
ated a very decided stir in church cir
cles.
The revelation of the fact that the
young pastor is suing his wife for a
separation, not alone on the ground of
desertion, as the plaintiff would allege,
but by reason of the discovery of a fam
ily relationship existing between the par
ties, was received with universal sur
prise.
Rev. Mr. Smith remained away from
his home on Sycamore street to-day, and
he has vowed never to tell any
thing further concerning his domestic af
fairs. He feels keenly hla unfortunate
predicament.
"1 have absolutely nothing more to
say." declared Rev. Mr. Smith to-day.
"The Etory Is all in The Call to-day and
I do not wish to be quoted further in
the matter. I have nothing to affirm and
nothing to deny, but I believe that I have
been honorable in my actions. It is all
very unfortunate."
Glenn McWilliams, evangelist and sec
retary of the Ministerial Association of
the Christian Church for the Northern
District, is one of Rev. Mr. Smith's
warmest admirers. He said to-day: "In
the first place, I was very much sur
prised to read of this sensational divorce
suit. As God is my judge, 1 knew noth
ing of this affair, and 'Ihe Call was my
informant. It is most unfortunate, but 1
feel that Brother Smith will come out on
top. Rev. Mr. Smith has my implicit con
fidence as a Christian minister. I believe
he will do what is just in the interest of
God and his family. This young minister
has my deepest sympathy and the course
he is taking, I trust, will prove for the
best. So far as I know. Rev. Mr. Smith
is a perfect gentleman— a man with clean
lips and clean hands."
There is some feeling among the pas.
tor's congregation over the fact that the
affair was guarded with such great se
crecy by the official church board. "Th«
members should have been apprised of
this affair before this," said one old par
ishioner, "and it was not Just right that
the official board should have held the
matter from the congregation. We all no
ticed for a long time that our pastor was
laboring under some great mental an
guish, and we ought to have been told, so
that the strain might have been re
lieved."
Klder W. T. Gibbs, chairman of the of
ficial- board of Rev. Mr. Smith's church,
said: "When Rev. Mr. Smith first came
to take charge of our church I soon saw
that he appeared to possess some great
object of grief, but we always have found
him an honorable man. In fact, should
we have found him other than that we
should have made .quick work of the case.
You remember the Rev. Edwards Davis'
double sommersaults on the rostrum. W6
finished his antics up very promptly. Of
course, many of the Davis faction left
our church' at the time, but the better
class of that faction has since returned.
"Of course, Mr. Smith explained his
whole trouble to us before he commenced
ills suit. His resignation was ulso ten
dered at the same time. He was sincere
in his feeling that it might be to the best
Interests of our church to resign, but we
refused to accept it. Mr. Smith is an
honorable man, and when the case has
gone through the court and the truth
comes to light, he'll be on top."
Testimony in the divorce action proba
bly will be taken some time this week.
TWO OLD PEOPLE
LIBERATED FROM
LUNACY CHARGE
Wife and Neighbors
Caused Trouble.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Jan. 8.
James Shields, the 77-year-old resident
of San Leandro who was charged with
insanity by his aged wife last Saturday,
was dismissed from custody by the
Lunacy Commission to-day. The only
thing found to be troubling him was a
violent temper, which is aggravated by
the equally irascible disposition of his
spouse.
Mrs. Shields acknowledged to the doc
tors that her husband was not insane but
was simply suffering from an inclination
to be quarrelsome. She denied that tOie
made him sleep in the basement, but said
that she would like to have him placed
in some public institution for the purpose
of having domestic hostilities ceaso in
her residence.
"You can come home," remarked Mrs.
Shields to her husband when he was dis
charged.
"All right," responded the old fellow.
"I guess I will, but before I do I think
I'd better make my will."
The couple have been married nearly
half a century and have led a tempes
tuous marital existence for many years.
They are both well known in San Lean
dro," where they became prominent be
cause of their imbroglios.
Miss Lucy Sequeira, the ancient spin
ster farmer of Haywards, was released
from the insane ward of the Receiving
Hospital to-day as no one appeared to
press the charge of lunacy against her.
Ex-Judge Nye, who represented the pa
tient, said that his client is the owner of
a ranch in Cow Canyon which is worth
about $3000 and that some of her Portu
guese neighbors were coveting It. For
that reason, he declared, the charge of
insanity had been preferred against he*.
The woman said that she had become
tired of living among such people and will
return to her native country as soon as
she can dispose of her property.
lar meeting, which will take place in
about thirty days.
The San Bernardino, Arrowhead and
Waterman Company presented a petitiou,
asking to be excused from making re
ports to the commission, because it. is a
private corporation and does not keep its
lumber and mining accounts separate
from it? railroad accounts. The petition
was referred to Commissioner Blackstock
for action.
The Los Angeles Terminal Railroad pre
sented its new passenger tariff for the
consideration of the board. In a letter
accompanying it, General Manager Hynes
stated the company had decided not to
convert the line into an electric road, and
asked the Commissioners to approve the
new passenger rates, which, he said,
were the same as those of the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe under like condi
tions.
This matter was postponed until this
afternoon's meeting.
TRANSIT COMPANY
EMPLOYES WANT
WAGES ADVANCED
Petition Presented to
Directors.
"OAKLAND. Cal.. Jan. 2, 190f>.
"To the Honorable Board of Di
rectors and the Hon. Mr. Kelley,
general manager of the Oakland
Transit "Company of the City of
Oakland, Alameda County:
"Gentlemen— We, the undersijrn
ed employes of the various divis
ions of the Oakland Transit Com
pany, controlled by yourselves, do
respectfully submit the following
prayer and petition:
"We would respectfully ask, ow
ing to the great advance in all the
necessary commodities of life, that
our wages be Increased accordingly
to 22 cents per hour. We find that
It Is impossible to live in the man
ner in which we should, according
to the work which we perform. We
are actually compelled to deny our
selves and families many of the ne
cessities of life.
"During the last few years, when
business was at a standstill and
ruin glared this country in the face,
we quietly and without protesta
tion submitted to several reductions
in wages. Now that this crisis has
passed, we conscientiously think
that we should enjoy one of the
privileges accorded employes of
other trades and professions, viz.,
an increase in our pay.
"You must know that in order to
faithfully serve as a street car em
ploye a man must be conscientious,
sober and of good education, and
these are a recommendation for
good wages.
"Gentlemen, we submit it to your
worthy consideration and an In
crease in our wages will be greatly
appreciated and received with
many thanks by your humble peti
tioners."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. S.
The employes of the Oakland Transit
Company have asked that their wages be
increased from 20 cents an hour to 22
cents, and the above petition was to-day
presented to Secretary S. J. Taylor of
that company with the request that it be
laid before the board of directors. The
petition has been signed by nearly every
employe of the road.
There is no threat of strike in the peti
tion, but it is based upon the ground
that wages were reduced some years ago
under the pressure of hard times, and
now that times have improved they want
wages returned to the former schedule.
The men are relying upon the fact that
practically every employe of the system
has signed the petition, and there are
about 200 names attached thereto. The
men say that less than a dozen men re
fused to sign the request.
This is a distinctly new move in the ef
fort of employes to secure increased com
pensation from employing corporations.
Heretofore the threat of strike has al
ways been held over the head of the cor
poration. This time the request is made
in plain petition form, and is based upon
the trade conditions that exist. The men
disclaim any effort at coercion, and mere
ly say that they want what they had be
fore and what will enable them to live
comfortably. ¦[.'''
If this is granted it will increase the
wages of each man about 20. cents a day,
or *T>o a day for the corporation.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
Railroad Commission Meets.
The Railroad Commission held its regu
lar meeting yesterday afternoon. The
session >vas a short one and was ad
journed until 3 o'clock this afternoon,
when the uncompleted business will be
taken up and gone through with
Secretary William T. Sesnon was in
structed to prepare an annual report of
the work done by the commission which
will be submitted to the Governor The
report will be for the year ending De
.cember 31. and the secretary is instructed
to have it in readiness by the next re^u-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Insures Love and Happiness.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
year* of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, varlcocele. etc.. and enlarge small,
weak organs to full size and vigor. Simply
send your name and address to Dr. L. W.
Knapp. 2156 Hull building. Detroit. Mich., and
he will gladly send the free receipt with full
directions so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This Is certainly a most gen-
erous offer and the following extracts taken
from his dally mall show how men writ, him:
"Dear Sir: Please accent my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
• "Dear Sir: Your method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir: Tours was received and I had no
trouble In making use nf the receipt as di-
rected, and after a few days use can truthfully
say It Is a boon to weak men. I am greatly
Improved In size, strength and vigor." .
All correspondence Is strictly confidential,
mailed In plain sealed envelope. The receipt 19
free for the asking and he wants every man
to have It.
Durban Is a winter resort, and contains
some of the finest residences In the world.
They afford a good ocean view and are
surrounded by tropical trees, flowers and
fruits.
Kruse Case Ended.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. B.— The proceedings
In Judge Dougherty's court this afternoon
in the matter of the appointment of a
guardian for William 11. Kruse were
watched with much interest. Tho matter
came up before Judge Coffey in San Fran
cisco some weeks ago, but his court had
no jurisdiction. After hearing evidence
regarding the condition of the alleged in
competent from Dr. Robertson, W. S.
Gage, Theo Nlebour and E. P. and E. T.
Kruse of San Francisco, the Judge took
the matter under advisement.
Santa Clara Baseball Team.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Ca
SANTA CLARA, Jan. B.— At a meeting
held yesterday afternoon by the members
of the Santa Clara College baseball team
T. J. Nihill was chosen as managor and
C. H. Graham as captain, to serve during
the season of 1000. The college baseball
season will soon begin, and the prospects
for a prosperous season were never better.
Repatriation of Spaniards.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8.-The Secretary
of War has sent to Congress a request for
an urgent deficiency appropriation of $750 -
000 to ..supplement the $1,500,000 heretofore
appropriated for the repatriation of the
Spanish prisoners and their families held
by the Insurgents in the Philippines from
the Islands to Spain, in accordance with
the treaty of peace.
Jury Disagrees.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, Jan. S.— After being out
over twelve hours the jury in the case of
the People vb. Sweltzer. charged with se
duction, was discharged this morning
after declaring Its inability to agree. The
Jury stood eight for conviction and four
for acquittal.
Extradition Papers Issued.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. S.—Detectlve Mc-
Quade of Plttsburg and ex-Chief of Police
Harris of Johnstown to-day appeared be
fore the Governor and received the extra
dition papers In the case of H. J. Hannan
wanted In Pennsylvania for murder. The
attorneys for Hannan. who had tele
graphed that they wished to represent
Hannan, failed to appear.
WATER RIGHTS DISPUTE.
Hearing of the Fresno Irrigation
Company's Case Postponed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Jan. B.— The long pending
legal contest between the Fresno Canal
and Irrigation Company and the '7C Ditch
and Alta Irrigation districts was to have
commenced this morning in Judge Webb's
department of the Superior Court, but the
absence of, certain counsel made it neces
sary to postpone the case until to-mor
row. Judge Shaw of Los Angeles will
hear the case, which is expected to last
fully two weeks, the testimony being the
history of the contending companies for
a term of many years. The damages
asked for are $100,000.
The Fresno Canal and Irrigation Com
pany claims that it has had immemorial
use of the water .of Kings River and that
the defendant company has infringed
upon its right by diverting the water at a
point higher up on the river and thereby
preventing the plaintiff from securing its
share of the water. The Kings River has
furnished all the water by which the
plains of Fresno are irrigated and the
rival companies have In the past had a
merry time of it to prevent each other
from using the sometimes very scanty
supply of water during the summer
months. Injunctions and shotguns figured
in the contentions, all of which will bo
settled by the determination of the pres
ent suit.
Willows Saloon Robbed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, Jan. B.— A daring robbery
occurred here early this morning. Swan
etoad & Proul's safe in ihe saloon was
evened and ?500 in sliver and gold taken
therefrom. The robbery took place at
about 1:30 this morning after the bar
tender had gone home. No one was in
the barroom. Mr. Swanstead, one of the
proprietors, was engaged in a card game
in the back portion of the saloon. When
the game was finished Swanstead returned
to the front of the saloon. To his aston
ishment he found the safe door was open.
Upon examination it was discovered that
the cashbox was missing, together with
contents, which amounted to $500 The
safe Is situated at the end of the bar It
is supposed some person well acquainted
with the surroundings leaned over the
safe, opened the door and took the coin
The safe door was not locked, but simply
closed. Detectives are at work on th«
case.
Byron Bonnell Dead.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. B.— Byron Bon
nell. recently of Duluth. Minn., a native
of Nev? York, who founded the Duluth
Evening Herald in 1882, died here this
morning of consumption, aged 6S years
He leaves a widow, two daughters and a
son. His son is manager or the Duluth
Daily Tribune.
FIDELITY'S NEW OFFICERS.
I/odge of Odd Fellows Places Its
Chosen Ones in the Chairs.
Memorial Hall in the Odd Fellows'
building was not large enough last night
to accommodate all the friends of Fidelity
Lodge who wished to witness the public
installation of the officers elected for the
current term. More than half of those
who attended were ladies and to many the
ceremony of induction into office was new.
The installing officer was District Dep
uty Louis Kragen. assisted by L. C. Mar
chant as grand warden^ The work was
Performed with a perfecthess that won for
the installing officer congratulations that
were numerous as they were sincere.
The newly elected officers are: C. H.
Kornbeck, acting past grand; N. M. Pe
terson, noble grand; William B. Curtis,
vice grand; W. E. Welekhart, secretary;
E. H. Schrader, financial secretary; and
C. Toft, treasurer. The .appointed officers
are: c. T. Phillips, warden: Charles 1..
Zeigler, conductor; J. Sandstrom, inside
guard; S. S. Nlckerson, outs.lde guard;
James Lawrence, right and M. T. Kreps
left supporter to the noble grand; Wil
liam Plant right and C. Goldzene left sup
porter to the vice grand; Andrew Peter
son and William Spafford, scene support
ers; VV. C. Norton, chaplain, and William
Edwards, organist.
After the ceremonies Deputy Grand
Master W. w. Watson delivered an ad
dress; Mrs. Fannie Igo sang ballads;
James A. Wilson presented a. handsome
jewel in the shape of an emblematic lock
et to the retiring noble grand, C. H. Korn
beck; Mrs. Pracy gave a piano recital and
J. Baker sang a tenor solo; after which
there was dancing until a late hour.
Gift Deed to His Bride.
OAKLAND. Jan. B.— A. S. Macdonald
has made a gift of a home to his bride.
A deed was recorded to-day wherein A.
S. Maodonald transfers title in a residence
on Walsworth avenue to Mrs. Marie
Tucker McDonald.
minded at Glen Ellen yesterday. The
girl's brother was recently sent to the
insane asylum at I'kiah. The mother
lives at 51 Jessie street and came here
from Texas some months ago with her
family. She kept the girl chained in the
house and the case was called to the at
tention of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children some months ago.
University Graduates to Teach.
BERKELEY. Jan. B.— Miss Guenevere
" tklff. "98J will enter the faculty of Mills
College with the openlafl of the term as
instructor in English.
Mr. F. L. Agnail, the well-known glee
rlul» soloist, will teach during the re
mainder of the year at Fonoma.
Funeral of Mrs. Touchard.
OAKLAND, Jan. S.— The funeral of the
late Mrs. Marian Agnes Touchard took
place this morning at 10 o' clock from the
Church of the Immaculate Conception.
Interment was at St. Mary's Catholic
Cemetery.
A large crowd of friends followed the re
mains to the grave, and the Rev. Father
King conducted the services. The de
ceased was 70 years of age and was the
rt-llct of the late Gustave Touchard. She
leaves two daughters and a son. The lat
ter is now in South Africa.
WANTS DAMAGES FOR
INJURIES RECEIVED
OAKLAND. Jan. B.— Suit was filed In
the Superior Court this afternoon by J.
D. Miller against the Oakland Transit
Company for $21,<>X) damages. The com
j'lair.t alleges that on April T<. 1539, plain
tiff, who is a grocer in Berkeley, was run
«lowu by a Shatiuck avenue tiectric car
rear Ashby avenue; that his vehicle was
shattered; and that he sustained bruises
and permanent injuries, disabling him
irom attending to his business, necessi
tating the employment of extra help at a
«'ost of $455; also that he ha? expended for
medicine and medical attendance $50*}.
Rev. Guy Smith's Circular, Which Attracted Much Attention.
ARPER, LOCAL
OIL KING, NOW
SUED FOR LIBEL
Smith & Baxter Ask
Heavy Damages.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 8.
The strained business relations that
have for a long time past existed between
George W. Arper, the local coal oil king,
and the former retail firm of Smith &
Baxter to-day culminated in a $20,000 libel
suit.
The suit was filed in the Superior Court
late this afternoon, J. E. Smith and J. M.
Baxter appearing as plaintiffs against
Arper. According to the complaint drawn
up by Attorneys Goodcell & Mendenhall
and Chapman and Clift the basis of the
suit is an alleged scurrilous circular letter
Issued early last year by Arper. The com
plaint recites:
"That in January, ISS9. defendant ma
liciously and with intent to harass, Injure
and annoy plaintiffs in their retail coal
oil and gasoline business, published and
circulated In the city of Oakland and vicin
ity a certain libelous, false and unprivi
leged printed circular concerning plain
tiffs. • • • That said circular exposed
plaintiffs, as partners, to hatred, contempt,
ridicule and obloquy and caused them to
be shunned and avoided, and had a ten
dency to injure them in their business and
in their reputation and standing as busi
ness men. • • * That they were obliged
to abandon and discontinue their business
and wholly lose the same, and they were
subjected to suffer hatred, contempt, ridi
cule and obloquy. All of which was ma
liciously designed and intended by defend
ant, through and by means of said false
and libelous publication. That by afore
said acts of defendant plaintiffs were
damaged In the sum of $20,000."
The circular complained of as libelous
Is one issued about a year ago. The cap
tion reads: "Coal oil and gasoline. Smith
& Baxter assign to George W. Arper.
Why? A plain statement. Please read."
Then follows a statement regarding Arper
leasing his retail business to the plaintiffs
and the provisions of the lease and the
"favorable opportunity Smith & Baxter
had to run said business In a way that If
they did right they could afford to buy
It." Plaintiffs claim that the circular
charges them with fraud and falsifying.
Together with the complaint was filed an
undertaking for costs in the sum of $500,
with V. H. Renner and J. A. McNaughton
as sureties.
FUNERAL OF DAVID KNIGHT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. B.— Masonic Hall
was crowded to overflowing Sunday after
noon when the funeral services in honor
of the memory of the late David E. JCnight
were conducted by Marysville Command
ery. Knights Templar. Despite the in
clement weather, friends were presen>
from far and near to pay their respects
to the lamented dead, a large delegation
of San Francisco friends, who were asso
ciates of deceased in this section in pio
neer days, lending their presence as a
tribute of respect.
Rev. C. J. Chase of the Methodist Epis
copal Church delivered a touching sermon
and eulogy- at the bier. The pallbearers
were: George W. Kingsbury of San Fran
cisco, R. G. Stan wood. W. T. Kills Sr.. E.
H. Hudson. G. W. Hutchins, G. W. Car
penter, J. B. Hull and M. E. Sanborn. The
remains were placed in the family vault.
To Mortgage Barron Estate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. B.— Mrs. Eva Rose
Barron, widow of Millionaire Edward
Barron and administratrix of the estate,
to-day tiled a pt'tition In the Probate
Court for permission to mortgage prop
erty of the estate to pay a legacy of JlOO.
000 left William R. Uarron, a son. It is
proposed to mortgage valuable improved
real estate in San Francisco. The peti
tion will be heard February 16. William
Barron Is now dead, and the legacy will
go to Mrs. May Barron, his widow, now
residing in Oakland. The balance of the
$2,000,000 estate will go to Eva Rose Bar
ron and her three children.
Terrorized the Guests.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. B.— A man who,
judging by his actions, was either drunk
or insane terrorized the guests in the
grounds of the Hotel Rafael this after
noon Two Indies were walking down a
wooded path, when a man sprang through
the shrubbery and ran straight at them.
For a moment they were dumfounded and
then taking in the situation, fled to give
the alarm. When a party was formed a
few minutes later to hunt the man clown
he had disappeared and a close search
failed t& reveal any trace of him.
Despondency Causes Suicide.
SPOKANE, Jan. B.— Mrs. Louise E.
Ellert a pioneer woman and the wife of
one of the most prominent citizens,
hanged herself in her home this evening.
She had been sick and despondent, and
was preparing to take a trip with her
husband to California for her health. The
rash deed was done while the servant s'rl
¦was absent from the house for a lew
moments. Mrs. Eilert was 54 years of age.
Her brother is Sheriff of this county.
Saved Her Child.
REDDING, Jan. B.— While Mrs. Al Coots
and her infant daughter were driving to
day the horses took fright and ran away.
Mrs Coots threw the child Into a bush,
and 'it was later picked up unhurt. She
then Jumped from the wagon, but her
dress was caught by a strand of barbed
wire whicb had become attached to the
wagon, and she wa* dragged fully a hun
dred yards. Her clothing was torn to
shreds but she was not seriously Injured.
Frank H. Titus a Major.
WASHINGTON. Jan. S.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate:
j^ avy _Pay Inspector H. T. \V»ig!n, tn be &
pay director; Paymaster R. S. Colhoun, to be a
pay Inspector; Passed Assistant Paymaster J.
J. Cheatham, to be a paymaster; Pasn d As
sistant Paymaster M. M. Ramsey, to be a
paymaster.
War— Acting Assistant Surceon Frank H.
Titus of California, to be surgeon of volunteers,
, with rank of major.
WITHDREW HIS
SUIT BECAUSE
OF NO ALIMONY
Murmurs of the Tied
Aired in Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Jan. 8.
There was unusual activity in the Ala
meda County divorce courts to-day. The
murmurs of the tied were exceedingly au
dible and several important rulings were
made.
Frank F-nos Pericra. late of Haywards,
appeared before Judge Ellsworth to show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt in having neglected to pay his
wife alimony pending his divorce suit,
brought on the ground of desertion. Over
1200 back alimony had accumulated and
when the Sheriff levied execution the of
ficer found but JS belonging to the
delinquent and half of this went as
fees. Periera, as he appeared
adorned in a natty suit, paradise
collar and crimson tie, explained
that he only earned $2 a day and could't
afford to pay alimony. Judge Ellsworth
was not to be trifled with and ordered
that Periera either pay or go to jail. In
stead he was permitted to withdraw his
divorce suit and a reconciliation will fol
low.
Of James Munro of Alameda. who is
being: sued for a divorce by Matilda Mun
ro. Judge Ellsworth asked how It was that
if he received 1100 monthly salary as en
gineer for the Spring Valley Water Com
pany he could not afford to pay $40 ali
mony pending the euit. "I have clothes to
buy and owe some debts," replied defend
ant. "Don't let me hear that again," re
torted the court. "First you should sup
port your family and then pay your debts
afterward." Defendant was* given until
Monday to pay up.
Judge Hall this afternoon granted Geor
gia P. Hunt a divorce from Charles O. A.
Hunt on the ground of extreme cruelty,
giving her the custody of the two minor
children. Mrs. Hunt had testified that
her husband's cruelty consisted chiefly of
staying out late of nights and that he
played cards. In granting the decree
Judge Hall virtually overruled Judge Og
den's celebrated decision that wives are
not permitted to inquire into the where
abouts of belated husbands and are en
joined from delivering curtain lectures;
but Judge Hall made no comments that
might be exploited in print.
May E. White, who sued Fred M. White
for a divorce on the ground of desertion,
was denied a decree by Judge Hall. It ap
peared from the testimony that the par
tits formerly resided in Minneapolis and
that the defendant husband had supplied
his wife with funds to pay her fare to
California and here prosecute her divorce
suit.
ASSISTANCE WAS
NOT IN TIME TO
SHE HIS LIFE
Fowles Struggled Till
Exhausted.
AI.AMEPA. Jan. B.— The body of a man
was found floating In the bay in the vicin
ity of the narrow-gauge mole this morn
ing. Papers found In the pockets of the
clothing identify it as that of Stephen
Feroies, proprietor of the Association bar
l>c-r-i-hop, 214 Mason street. Sail Francisco.
The body is undoubtedly that of the
m;vn whose cries for help were heard un
tier ihe wharf by D. Ghilieri, a car
• leaner, on the night of December 23. It
was found near the place whence the ap
peals came. Gbilieri heard a man's faint
< Ties and attempted rescue, but the strugr
tllng unfortunate apparently became ex
nausted and sank before a^sl>ta«ce
reached him. Ghilieri's story was at nret
<!-iubted and he was thought to have mls
:aken the voices of hunters, but he in
£gd that hU drowns theory w« cor-
The fact that a watch taken from th«
clothing had stopped a few minutes after
:¦ now bear* out Ghilieri'u story, as that
was about the time he heard the cries.
from the pockets of the clothing were
laken a card of the Association barber-
Ebop. ZU Mason street, Stephen I-owles,
rroprletor. formerly v.ith the Olympic
<'lub; a notice from the San Francisco
<Jas and Electric Company, the name an-1
address written In being S. Fowle*. 717
McAllister street; a silver matchbox bear
tag the initials S*. F. f and a receipt for
<-;ues from a lodee of Odd Fellows to
Stephen Fowle.«. the name of which was
almost obliterated. Through these the
rlead man's Identity Is conclusively estab
lished.
A black coat and vest, pray trousers
with fine strtpe. tan shoes, a light over
coat *nd a shirt with a red stripe, with
cuffs, collar and a club tie completed the
ilr^ss of the dead man. In addition to the
.'irticks referred to there were founA in
ihe pockets a pearl -hand led pocket-knife,
key rlnc and one key and a dime. De
craped was about 5 feet R Inches in height
snd somewhat stout. His hair was black
and his face smooth-shaven.
No ore has as yet appeared to Identify
the body. How the unfortunate man came
to mori his fate is difficult of explanation,
and no satisfactory theory has been ad
vaned as to the probable cause. He may
liave fallen or jumped from the ferry as It
s;pproa<'hed the slip. The fact that he
cried for help and was so near the wharf
comewhat refutes the suicide theory.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, . JANUARY 0, 1900.
The Torontino Family
IJllJe Tomntino, » years of afre. was or
&HXfl.M£Rt.&ih(e.Hospital for the Weak-
Auditor and ex-o'flolo City Aawsor and th«
City Treasurer are herphy dlrefted to furnish
jaid City Attoxnpy su^h Infarmatlnn may
be requited by hln p<-jtalnlnK to wld mattfr
as appears of record in their respective offices.
In moving the artoption of his resolu
tion Mr. Kowe said;
"I have drawn up this r^olution my
self, carefully avoiding everything that
would show Tlndlcttrcnesa or hard feel-
Ing in the matter. Th» former resolution
tended to whitewash and the Council can
not afford to so on record for such a prop
position."
Mr. Shaffer recalled the decision of th«
Council whereby on December 3 it was de
termined to postpone action asainst the
Mayor for three months. That decision.
Mr. Shaffer said, ought first to be re
scinded, and it wa* so ordered.
Mr. Upton lauded Mayor Snow as an
honest man, upon whom h^ wished no re
flections to fall. H<> was Kind tbe Mayor
h.id asked the Council to firing thf suit;
Mr. Howe's resolution was thon adapt
ed. Mr. BarstOW alone di?st»ntinp. C'nun
rilmnn Kramm was absent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SSOK iiMMii
Positively cored toy tlieso
lAUIq Pills.
They also rtlieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LTVER. They
Regulate the -Batrels. Purely Vegetable.
Srnatt Pin. Small Dose*
Small Price.
A MAN'S MOTHEIMN-LAW
Even can't find fault with our laun-
dry work. The most severe scrutiny
will only show how perfect It la and
how superior to all other work In this
line. There is no flaw in the beauty
of the color or finish that we lay on
your linen when it is done up at th£
United States Laundry.
United States Laundry. Offlc*
1004 Market Street.
. Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
Dr. Meyers & Co J
Men only. Pay when well. No In- :
curable cases tal^en. fldvice and prl-
vate booK free, or'f'ci or mall. Horn* I
cures. Letters confidential. 731 Market :
St.. S. F- TaKe elevator to third floor h
/visit OR JORDAN'S great 6
(MUSEUM OF AHATQIP^
0 Cfe lCsl ]£a22S? ST. t«t CItTX UJBO. A
\ Cf^ The Lars e>t Anatomical Mawum in t)ie T
iJscTyi?^ d'»e»»e pc«lli«vlj cared hy the oldssi '
O #2^31 t'peuaiisrra the C<-*»t biLjuytj;- j)
A Wj 08. JORDAN- FB!VATE Cl3E*S£:s $
\ Bff&^H Cojwultation frse »nd Jtrirtly prvare V
O I 1¥& II Trtßineni penonaliy or by Icttei A 4
MV It 111" V.-i. ; .| w |!. k.Pßll.bsill-lU'.': i
V* if )*» IIJInRIAGE, MAILED K..LE. JA f
A (J l\ valuable book for mm; j.
7 OR JOBDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. . S. F. V
t Palace and :
5 Grand Hotels j
? For neariy a quarter of a century tho *
? leadtns hotels oi* the Facific Coait. ?
? With added Imi rovements and con- ?
veniences they continue to be the heaj- ?
a quarters for tourists and travelers via- «
Iting San Francisco. +
T JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. I
? Manasrr. J
£,J "a A.Vl.y'frvoaa IHMeftae* — Fi»i'iu : Jlecfc
£7 2(1 ory, Slaepimsnaiui. etc.. caused b; over
?jc ..\ I work and Indiscretion*. Theft qmirkly
S \£fi& and * urtl V rwtore Lost Vitality in oli
)\ "~7 or loans, and fit a man f or etudy, besi-
y^f^A^m. ne«a or pletumra. Prevent Insanity aai
ft* ¦•faf^vinnnrnptinn it taken in time. Their
a*e shown immediate improvement and edecta CUIUS
where all others fail. Insist upon having the gen aiiin
Ajf x Tablets. Thar hava cared thoasaads and nil!
cure jou. Wa (five a positive written guarantee to ef-
fect a cars In each case or refund the mon-y. t'r:..-
RAHc f* r Packatc*. or six packages |fali treat-
911 1 10 1 men:) f0r52.60 by mail, la plain *r.;.ur
upon receipt ofpric*. Circularafree.
AJAX REMEDY CO., 35 -
For sale In 8. F. by Letpnitz * Co.. No Per-
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. F.. Oakld
Iri^sSiSiLS^ SSSfiSsl
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer an<l Shipper of Colt*.
OFFICE. 813 FOLSOM SX.
11EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
GIHMAX woman wishes a few steady places
washing: $1 per day and carfare; good refer-
ences. Box £3. Call branch. 106 Eleventh at
GERMAN midwife wishes some' more engage-
ments by ladles in confinement. _IUS.
WOLTER. 132 Sixth st.
POSITION wanted by woman physician as doc-
tor's assist; or to care for Invalid at home or
travel; 6 years' hospital experience East: Ad-
dress F. ti.. Llvermore. Cal.
SWISS girl desires a position for second work
and plain sewing; wages $20. Address 941
Jones Etreet. .-.-* -".'¦'¦ "¦'
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to assist in lleht
housework and take care of a child. 914»i
Harrison st.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; would assist "with light work; refer-
ences. -IS O'Fcrrell _t
COMPETENT Infant's nurse desires situation;
can take entire charge; best of references.
Apply 338 Pacific St., cor. Mason :
YOUNG lady ' speaking French and English
wishes to catv for 1 or 2 children In private
family. Apply MISS N.. 1395 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦
EASTERN lady wants position as a type-
writer.. Call room 2, 2d floor. 1031 Market st.
AS housekeeper, young German woman with
girl 4 years; city or country. 41S Powell St.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ler and fitter, will go out by the day; makes
a suit in ono day. Polk st.
GERMAN girl, good washer and Ironer, wishes
work for few more days, steady, every week.
41S Powell st.
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes some more
engagements by lariles in confinement. MRS.
AVOLTER. 132 Sixth Et.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to ft
week; convenient and respectable; fre» ou»
and baggage to nnd from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1??3 Polk st.: open until 9 P. m.
EMI*LO VMENT WANTED MALE.
YOUNG man frorn~Eapt desires position in
store; experienced grocery clerk; knowledge of
office work: speaks English and German; ref-
erences. Box 4577. Call office.
COACHMAN, first class, wishes position: com-
petent to handle road or race stock: strictlj-
sober and cleanly, and has good references.
Box 4254, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man handy wltH tools;
fireman or engineer; desires work of any kind.
Box 4293. Call office.
BARBER wants steady work In the country.
Address T. G. ADAMS. 204 Turk st, room 15,
San Francisco.
A FIRST-CLASS cutter wishes situation In the
city or country; best Eastern and city refer-
ences. Box -fOCO. Call office.
A STEADY ar.d reliable man. willing to do
most any kind of work, desires a situation: is
a gocrl cook and understands horses; has best
of references; private place preferred. Ad-
dress 1365 Sacramento St.
AN educated man of 30, speaking English and
French, would like a position as attendant,
secretary or reader to gentleman, traveling
or stationary. Box ICC2, Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman wants agency to
cell in Humboldt Co. on commission for a re-
liable tree and seed house. Address Box 4273,
Call office.
WANTED — By a young man from Illinois, 24
years of age; rapid and accurate In figures;
has a fair knowledge of bookkeeping; is a
firM-class horseman; a position with a busi-
ness firm of this city: v/ages no object where
chance of promotion: California or Eastern
references. Address box 4274, Call office.
MAN of good character, a knowledge ami will
to work, wants cituatlon with prlrats fam-
ily: Is ffood horseman nn'l sardener; can milk
and enre for fowls; kind with animals; ref-
eremcK. B. E., box 4275. Call.
JAPANESE, honest boy wants a situation as
school boy in a small family ; understands
English; plain cooking. G. L., SO7 Polk st.
ELIJAH BROWN, male nurse: nlsht work a
specialty; terms reasonable; leave orders at
Box 4203. Call ofnee.
A SOBER sinsle man. with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good pruner
and steady worker, who knows every disease
of trees and the remedy for It. and guaran-
tees every tree he plants, would like a steady,
responsible position at reasonable compen-
sation or small wages and part on clear earn-
ings. Kindly address and give particulars,
box 7421, Call office.
CHEF and steward would like a position In'a
hotel or restaurant; city or country; first-class
references. Address box 4217. Call office.
A— s2s WILL be given to any our procuring me
a responsible position of any kind; capable:
can give good reference and security. Box
4566. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS all around cook: wide experi-
ence and good reputation. GEO. STALL, 312
Stockton st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10» - J Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Pclk st: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuctcy sts. ; open till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician;
German eye water by mall, 50c. 1071 V. Market
st, San Francisco: examination free.
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat, 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417Vj Third st
ELEGANT new fir.t, C rooms and bath; larze
basement. 715 Grove st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 30 Montgon cry.
NEW upper flat; sun all day; 5 rooms; bath;
stationary tul>; rent $14. 41S Lily aye.
SIXTH. 136— Larce front room; light house-
keeping; also room $1 week.
SUNNY lowrr flat. 5 rooms ar.d bath: yard;
rent reasonable. 35C8 17th st, near Guerrero.
TWO flats; 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; 2
baths; 2 toilets; nil necessaries. 1917 Geary.
UPPER flat, five rooms and bath; nice loca-
tion. ISO7A Eddy street
$10— FLAT of 4 rooms. 815 Thirteenth street.
$11— UPPER flnt of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
street, off Market, near Valencia.
$11— FLAT. 4 rooms; marble mantel; folding
doors. 715 Tehama st. near Eighth.
$16 50— FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. 071 Hayes
street: no small children.
FLATS TO LET — KUKNI3HED.
5 BIRCH aye. — 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished. ' -•' v '
FKEK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by eendlng
address to lock box 643, Los Angeles, Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, nil sizes. $3 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; SOxCO Inch rugs.
11. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-13W Stockton
ft. near Broadway; open evenings.
FOR sale— New; 1 bedroom set, 2 tnblrs, 1 cook-
ing stove, kitchen chairs and cooking utensils.
104 Welsh st. off Fourth.
FURNISHED house of nine rooms; cheap. Box
4879. Cail office. %-;;\
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $13 CO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1 131 Market
FURNITURE WANTED.
*AT!F7rED^VOI_LPEirT7^77T^IIssIon St.; pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. K. CODY date with J. T. Terry .- Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red. 3.T0.1.
UELI* WANTED FEMALE;
CHAMBERMAID to wait, mining boarding-
house. $30; one more fancy Ironer, hotel.
Southern California. $30, special rate; 5
chambermaids. Southern California, $20, spe-
cial ratirs; 5 waitresses. Los Ang-eles, $25,
special rates: 3 waitresses, Bnkorsrteld. 2 In
sam« hotel, S2">: 2 waitresses. Woodland. $20;
waitresses, Salinas, Kcswlck, Healdsburg.
Corning; 5 waitresses, city: mMdle-age_ wo-
man to fold towels, do up lace curtains, $15;
.5 house clrls tvantsd this morninK. $25, $20.
C. R. HANSEN &.CO-. 101 Geary st.
COOK and second girl, $30 and $25, same house;
young g-lrl to take care of girl 8 years old, $15
nurse Rlrl. $20; house girl, two In family, $25;
cock, $30; 3 cooks, $25 each; waitress and
ch&mbermald, $20; second girl, two In family,
125: middle-aged woman, light housework. $15
to J2O; 50 house girl..- $25 and $20. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
A— HOUSEWORK. Oakland $25. Alameda $25.
San Mateo $25; cook and second, same place,
$25 and $30: second girl, Oakland $20, San
Rafael $20, 3 In family; 10 second girls, city,
$25 and $20; chambermaid and waitress, $25; 3
nurse girls, city and country, $20 each; 2
youns nures girls. $12 and Jl5; 10 waitresses
and chambermaids. $20 and $15, city and coun-
try. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, country, $30. 2 in family, good place:
a first-class laundress, city, $35; 4 second
girls, city. $25 and $20: 20 housework girls,
city and country, $SO, $25 and $20; 10 young
pirls to assist, $10 to $15; 6 waitresses and
chambermaids, $-0 and $15. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN, 323 Sutter st Phone Main 051.
WANTED — A large number of cooks, house-
work girls of all nationalities to fill our sit-
uations as such in both city and country and
in American and German families; wages
$-0. $25, $30. Call and see us and secure . a
place to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter Et
WANTED— Cashier for restaurant, must have
been cashier in restaurunt before, $7 a week;
German second girl. $23; German nurse for
Los Angeles, $.0; English or Scotch lady's
maid, $25; S Prot. 2_, $20: .10 waitresses, city
and country, hotel, boarding houses anil
restaurants, $20 and $6 week; chambermaids
for first-class hotels. $6 week: 6 nurses. $20;
cook for restaurant. $10 a week. J. F. CRO3-
ETT & CO.. SIS Sutter st.
AT Mrs. Lambert's, 41S Powell St.; 4 German
cooks. $20. }25: 2 American cooks, $20, $25; 5
housework eirls. $20. 125.
AT Mrs. Lambert's, 41S Powell 6t. ; « second
girls, $25; chambermaid and waitress. $25.
German preferred: 4 second girls. $20; German
nurse, child 2H. 120.
WANTED— An experienced, rapid, accurate
stenographer; permanent position; salary not
to exceed $40 per month. .Box 4165, Call office.
YOUNG clrl for general housework; wages $20.
221S California st.
WANTED — Girl to assist in office work; must
be quick and accurate; give age and salary.
Address box 4899, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman to do up-
stairs work and take care of ono child; $15.
2422 Jackson St.: call 4 p. m.
WANTED— German girl to assist in house-
work and children; wrtgea $20. 861 Geary Bt
GIRL for country; cooking and general house-
work. HO9 Webster st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist In house-
work. Apply to 1521 Webster st.
WANTED— A girl for light housekeeping. 603
Guerrero st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl' for general
housework; wages $10 to $20. 393S Seventeenth
St.. near Castro.
YOUNG girl for light upstairs work; apply be-
tween 9 and 12 a. m. 2203 Buchanan St.
WANTED— Operators and good hands on vests.
C4IV. Stevenson St.
GIRL for general housework; must sleep home.
3437 Twentieth Bt^^.
GOOD help on skirts; call 2 days. Tlily, Oak-
land, please call. S6S Mission st, room 7. -
RELIABLE girl to care for children; comforta-
ble home; wages $12; call Tuesday between 1
and 3 only. Cl 5 Powell st.
A YOUNG girl for light housework; 3 In family;
good nome. 2043 O'Farrell st.
j EXPERIENCED German or Swedish girl for
cooking and housework; small family. Call
1130 Ellis _t
GIRL, reneral housework; 2 in family; email
washing; wages $10. 1132 Fulton at.
FIRST-CLASS ironer on plain clothes. 10 Oak
street.
A GIRL foe housework and cooking; four
adults. 925 Fell st. near Steiner.
WANTED — An apprentice with some experience
on custom-made coats; paid while learning.
214 Seventh st
A YOUNG girl for housework; call after 9 a, m.
25526 Howard st; wages $15.
GIRL, Grrman preferred, to assist In cooking;
also a second girl; must be neat: for Berkeley.
Call bet. 1 and 3 r>. m. at 1200 Guerrero st
NEAT girl for cooking and housework; 3 in
family; wages $20. Call from 11 a. m. to
4 p. m.. 3S McAllister Bt.
WANTED- Neat young girl for light second
work; $10. 241S Gough st.
GIUL for general housework in bakery: no
children. Oil Lark'.n st.
DRESSMAKERS; first-class skirtmaker want-
ed. BOWHAT, ClO Sutter st.
GIRL to assist In general housework; sleep
home. Apply 1231 Jackson St.
WANTED — Middle-aged lady to learn pho-
tographic buslnets; salary when competent
342 Kearny St.
YOUNG girl. 14 or 15. to assist in housework;
2 in family. 423 Turk Bt.
WANTED— Young lady to train for nurse;
must be high school graduate. Apply bet. 2
' and 3. Bellevue Sanitarium, 1609 Jackson st.
WANTED — Everybody to bring their flannels
u> us; washed as your mothers do it at home;
one trial will convince you; gents' underwear,
Xc a piece; all flannels washed by hand. Office
257 Third Bt. and 609',. Howard st.; telephone
Baker 11>"S: French laundry.
OPERATORS on overalls: poslttons for sev-
eral hundred more girls at Levl Strauss' fac-
tory. 3'2'i Fremont st.
WANTED — An apprentice on custom coats. 651
Folsom st, corner Hawthorne.
FIRST-CLASS second girl: must understand
waiting and sewing. 1224 Geary st Call in
morning.
WANTED — A rood cook; also girl for second
work. Apply bet. 9 and 12. 2i»32 Jackson st.
GIRL for downstairs work; good cook; $25; ref- I
erences. 1180 O'Farrell st |
YOUNG German or American girl to assist In
light housework; wages $3. E. H. HAMMER,
44 Sliver street.
WANTED — Machine operators on muslin un-
derwear: steam power; also ironers. REY-
NOLDS. £07 Mission street, corner Second.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 36*6 Fremont st. ; elevatcr.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests: also finisher;
first-class wages. 956 Mission st
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1308 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlca for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tha
northwest corner of Twenty-second an_ Ken-
tucky sts.: cr>en until 9 p. m.
. HELP "WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6543
Leadins Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
12 laborers, city Jobs $30 and found
6 teamsters, city Jobs $26 and found
6 farmers, .pruntrs $20, $26 and found
7 milkcra, good Jobs.. s3o, $27 50, $25 and found
Choreboys and men for farms; also for
stores, butcher wagons, bakeries, etc., $20,
$,18, $10. and found.
Butcher to kill hogs $2 a day
MURRAY AND READY, i3A-C,i6 Clay St.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO SAWMILLS, ETC.
15 laborers and woodmen. s2o to $4V fin I found
192 woodchoppors, tlemakers, shingle, post
and picket makers, $2 to 70c co»d, 10c, 120
each.
MURRAY & READY. 634-CW Clay st.
HOTEL BAKERY.. OTHER DEPARTMENTS
COOKS $40. $35. $30. $.5 and found
WAITERS $35. $30. $25. J2O. and found
Third bakers and toys to help, $25, $20, $15.
and found.
MURRAY & READY. G3t-636 Clay St.
WANTED — General merchandise clerk for store
at a mine. $25 per month, board, room, etc.;
must be young man with experience. Apply
with reference to W. D. EWER &. CO.. 610
Clay at.
WANTED— Head millwright for quartz mill;
must be an experienced quartzmlll man;
Falary $5 per day and fre« fare to mine: first-
class chance. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED
Miners Miners
10 miners: steady work
the year round; $52 per month and three-
quarters fare paid. W. D. EWEIt & CO.,
ClO Clay st.
C. It. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
Teamsters, scraper holders and ilumpmen for
the Coast road, free fare; blacksmith, country,
$3 a day; blacksmith, country. V>o and board;
camp blacksmith, $45 and board; harness-
maker for railroad camp, $1 25 a day and
board, free fare; harness-maker for a ranch.
$35 and 'board; hoisting engineer for a mine,
J2 50 a day.
Neat cook, country hotel, $50 and fare ad-
vanced: .econd cook. ?50; baker, hotel. $35;
fry cook. $50; restaurant steward, $50. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary et.
WANTED— r.O woodchoppers for long Job. $1 25
cord, pine, fare refunded; blacksmith, $2 25
day; pruncr, $1 day; choreman for ranch. $25;
American farmer for small place. $25; and
otheis. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 02. Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife, country hotel, $50;
restaurant second cook, $50; cook for Insti-
tution. $40; restaurant steward. $13 week;
night steward, $10 week; 2 waiters, country
hotel, $25; porter. $20; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento Bt.
CLERK for grocery and bar. Geary and
Leaven worth; call at 10 a. m.
WANTED — Young man to run an elevator.
Fairmount Hotel, Market and Fell sts.
DCSIXESS CllAXCES— Continued.
CIGAR store on Market St.: sickness cause of
Bale. COWING & CO.. 1120 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; corner; fine place; must be
sold. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st
CANDY store, with rooms: cheap rent: must
tell. COWING & CO., 1130 Market st.
ROOMING house: north of Market st; big bar-
gain; sickness. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market.
BRANCH bakery, with rooms; bargain; sick-
ness cause. COWING &- CO.. IISO Market st.
SALOON en Market Ft: see it to-day. COW-
ING & CO., 1120 Market st
AT a bargain— l 2 head cattls. 1 horse, 14 goats,
pigeons, chickens and hoss: house, furniture,
outhouses: ideel fishing and hunting. GALE
/i BENSON. :20 Parrott building^
$250— A SPECIAL bar.aln; crocry and bar on
a corner; chcip rent: good business; snap.
GALE & BENSON. 523 Parro:t building.
$100 PER month to party with $:W: money se-
cured. GALE & BENSON. S2O Parrott bldg.
GREAT bargain; country town hotel. 3S rooms
and bar: 51 boarders: cheap r^nt: lease. GALE
& BENSON. 32 j Parrott liuildins^
J3OTO— GROCERY and deiicacy: b*st in San
Joaiuin Valley: $75 daily. KREDO & CO..
224 Geary M.
I_SO— GROCERY nnd bar al invoice: good cor-
nrr; 115 <]_!ly. KREDO & CO.. 22-. Geary st.
$55—15. BAKERY and stationery: don't miss
this; 2 rooms; good business. KREDO & CO..
_.*» Geary Bt.
A--S3OG: RESTAURANT: 3 blocks from Market
et. ; good location; doing nice, steady busi-
ness; nicely fitted: new furniture; call and
Investigate. STENBERG CO.. 35 1 ,. Keaxny.
tIt.OO— SALOON In th« Potrero, near Union Iron
Works; full value in stock; rent $20 month.
BASILE, 3 Eddy st
$700— SALOON with clubrooms close to the
Baldwin: fine location; good business; cheap
rent: snap. JONES & CO.. Ets Market «t.
FINE grocery anU bar; Western Addition;
pood chance; must sell this week on account
of other business; ro agenta. Address box
4276. Call.
j*SO_CORNER grocery and bar: 3 living rooms;
worth $r.CO; owner has other business; must
sell at once. Apply 1552 Folsom St.. corner
Twclf th.
HOIISERACING: a sure thing; big odds; win
Bure: Inside Information: $1 on all races;
don't mis. this. P. O. box SS. Clayton. N. J.
PARTNER wanted to open dining-room to-
gether; must be good cook: dining-room or
restaurant. Address box 4215. Call office.
$150— WELL-ESTABLTFHED delicacy store for
Bale. Address box 41SS. Call oflk-e.
GOOD-PAYING grocery In Western Addition;
owner soinc to Alaska. Box 4283. Call.
PLUMBING shop. Ftock and shop tools In good
location. Box 42?2. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and candy store, cheap; call
to-day. 4'S Third st.
2-CHAIR barber shop; cheap. 1110 A Folsom
ftreet.
NEWSPAPER route for sale; profit f24 p*r
week. Address L. C, box 4272, CaJl.
ISc BARBER shop for sale cheap: cash or
paitly cash; best reason for selling. Inquire
G. TROST, 1522 Mason et.
WANTED— Lady partner, with about $1500; ac-
tive cr silent in a legitimate money making
business: money fully fecured; big chance to
the risht party; references txchanged. For
jarticulars address box 4*64, Call office.
$.-(Xt_MIDDLI:'-AGED man. J.andy with tools. I
sc-ber and In Justrlous, would Invent this '
amount as partner In some light business. I
Address box 45f,9. Call office.
FOR eale — We have a downtown Faloon on j
hand and fame must go at once; a bargain:
rer.t $50. WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO., 31S
Clay st.
DELICACY. baUery. candy, milk; must be sold
this week on account of sickness; 3 living
rooms: rent Jin. 410 Bmnnan st. near Third.
Jir.'O— STATIONERY, notion and cigar store:
near a large school: tine location. Address
box B. Cail branch, 350 Hayes street.
PARTNER wanted, srr.all capital, to manufac-
ture houFoluiM patent; {rood chance to make |
money. Box 4«53. Cail office.
BRANCH bakery ami noticn store In Western ;
Addition for sale cheap. Address B. F.. box
4574. Call office.
CHEAP for cash: barber shop. 7, chairs; very
sock! trade. Inquire at 1310 Mission St.
NEWSPAPER route for sale, in Oakland: Ex-
-miner. Address R.. Sub-station No. I. Ala-
BRAXCIi bakery and stationery for _ale cheap.
I&S4 UlmUmi t-t.
STEAM laondry plant: doing good business.
G. W. LOVIE. Redwood City. Cul.
WOOD and co;il yard for sale. 51S Second St.,
near South Park.
OFFERED— Limited amount of stock In the
mest promising _xoup of gold mines In this
Plate, at $1 per share: continuous dividends
fiKsiir*-<i within sis months. Ca!l or address
!>or, Call building.
CHOICE business for sale at a bargain: a
br-autiful assortment of cpals and Mexican
antique curios. Address box 4519. Call office.
COFFEE and tea rout's supplied from GEO.
VV. CA SWELL A CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRAXCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and rubscriptlon« has been cpened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
fubscrlptlons has been established at 1095 Va-
lencia st
A BBAKCH offlc» for Call advertisements and
Mib^cripitno s has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pa;r»«, sent to any addre«s In the
Unite.l states or CanaJa cne year for JI,
jjrstnc" paid.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
almost r.ew; bu«. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. 82S Harrison.
NE^'and Id-hand wagons.bug^'.esscarts and har-
ness, wk. it driving horses. I'th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN * SON. .117 Mission st
300 SETS becord-hand harness; wagons, carts,
bus?s!es. surreys nnd horses. 1140 Folsom St.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to BPAULDIKG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, _53-2."7 Tehama M.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Stenm Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-4O Mh »t; tel. South 250.
J. McQI'EEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4D3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WAIXTOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie f-44.
CONKLINS carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SIMRITUALIS.iI.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all aiTairß of life. While entranced
bhe reveals every hidden mystery; ehe will
show you iiow to overcome your enemies; re-
move tamlly troubles: resiore lost affections:
unite the separated: recovers lost or stolen
property: lecttes minerals: tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamo for circular
with >=;>ee!al terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
ICC Turk st.. nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
A— PROFESFOR MAY
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He exciter th? wonder and admiration of the
rr.ft=f skeptical; gives advice on love, business
nnd domestic trouble: unites the separated and
reston»« lest affection: if In ili/obt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted meJlum and he will
help you; mediums developed in from 3 to «
m<nths; letters containing thr»e questions and
$1 p.r.swered; hours. 6 to S; Sunday, 10 to 2.
NOTICE— DR. CRAIG. California 7 !! weTT-known
and successful clairvoyant physician, re-
turned and onercd offices at 17 Powell st. ;
consultation and examination of all <llte;is»s
free; Fa ti? fact lon guaranteed In all spiritual-
istic woik.; readln.B by appointment and
.pedal attention given to correspondents.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes st. room 7. second floor.
MRP. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance,
tert medium: life reader- and medical clalr-
vryant: treats nil <l!»=«-**es: Ktttln_fs tl.
ARRlVED— Scientific jnjlmist and psychic: sat-
isfaction jjuarantcetd: readings .a. and $1.
.3'J\ Turk st.
MME. YOUNG. 60S McAllister, demonstration of
f 1-lrit rtt-irn to-nlEht; 10c; come skeptics.
MME MORKAU, tlie best medium and ..ard
reader; 2.'» c _p. 73 Fparth st., near Mission.
MM!;. HANSON; palmistry. 10c- card reader;
part, present, future, _."c. 148 Sixth st, r. i 2. !
MRS. ;iAi;LAKI''? circle to-nlcht; rrcpiuMc
l_te*t_; articles read; JCc; sit. daily. .» Sixth.
ATTEND Mr«. Unnhcm's circle of truth: 2. 8
p. m. 14 McAUiftcr «t. r. S5; admission We.
C V." MILLER'S mnt-r'allJlntr tnnnnet so-
HELP WANTED MALE.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
SALESMAN, acquainted with and having in-
fluence among the largest and best class of
hardware, general machinery, railway and
mill supplies and allied trade through the ter-
ritory west of the Rocky Mountains to repre-
sent prominent manufacturing concern and
possibly to take charge of branch office at
San Francisco: one living at San Francisco
preferred. Address, stating age. whether
married or single, experience In full and
references. Manufacturer, box 255, Herald.
downtown office. New York City.
WANTED— Boys at San Francisco and Pacific
Glass Works. Seventh and Townsend sts.
PORTER wanted for barber shop. 135 Fourth I
street. j
BOY wno can wrap; state particulars. Address
box 4S7S. Call ofnee.
BARBER wanted to buy a flve-chalr shop doing
a splendid business; owner going to Alaska.
Apply at 12 Fifth street.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. People's F.estau-
rant. S3l Clay st.
BOOTBLACK wanted for barbt-r shop. 6C9
Larkin st.
FIRST-CLASS painter will form partnership
with responsible man. Address Painter, 34i)
Third st.. room IQ.
BOY about 16 to learn shoe cutting; apply 7 a.
m. KAST. GLANVILLE A CO.. 2S-27 Jessio.
WANTED— Boy about IS to learn cigar trade.
206 Third St. ¦
GOOD baker wanted. EO4 Battery st,. near
Washington. -;-;,"
WANTED— Shoemaker on repairing; steady
work. 791 Mission at.
BARBERS— A complete three-chair outfit at a
bargain. Call at ?11 Larkin st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
iOc. .62 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
BOBER man with small capital to manage sa-
loon. Call at 79 Third st.
TAILORS— Wanted first-class ladles' tailor for
the country; one proficient in all details; must
be good rapid operator; permanent place for
steady, sober man; good wages. Apply to
STEIN. SIMON & CO.
VESTMAKER or coatmaker can have nice shop
room with hot irons; cheap. 104 Kearny St..
tailor shop.
SMART collector and canvasser; industrial in-
surance; quick promotion. R. RALPH. 611
Montgomery st.
WANTED— A first-class cutter. 8. N. WOOD
& CO.. 713 Market St.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; $7 a week; steady
place for good man. Box 4373. Call.
BRUSHMAKER and a boy for drawing wanted.
HANS GREEK. 13m. Pacific st.
WANTED— A traveling salesman for a Jobbing
house dealing in farming implements and ve-
hicles; state references and salary desired.
Address box 4973. Call office.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at
B. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard Bt.
.00 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 163 Mission st. between Ist and 2d sts.
CHINESE boy. cook and waiter, wishes situa-
tion In family. W. Y. F., 21 Brenham place.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
inducements this month; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 6;. Clay st. The only institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112 First
street
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rnlkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver .iou«». 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar- I
Ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free i
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver- i
tlsemenrs and subscriptions has been opened I
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m. !
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th<!
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies, i
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. j
HANDSOME bay mare and English trap: fir.c
roadster; perfectly safe. NEVADA STA-
BLES, 1250 Market Etreet.
CO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market st. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale — 45 head horses, broken, unbroken,
from Nevada. Ap. Bay View Stables. 10th and
Railroad ayes.. South S. F. M. SCHUSTER.
FOR sale — Three young working horses. 900
York st. near Twenty-first.
10 GOOD, sound horses for sale. Ecltpsa
Stables. 1375 Eddy et.
FOR sale^ — Cheap, brown team, 16H: 10 years
old. DALXIEL* Vet. Dentist. 605 O. G. Aye.
HOUSES LODGING— FOR SALE.
ONLY $300 cash, balance $25; interest 10
per cent; 2') rooms $1400
Just like home; family house; 36 r00m5.... 2500
New. elegant furniture: l a cash; 30 rooms.. 2COO
Sunny corner; clears $100: 15 rooms 500
Good, lucky house; downtov/n; 28 rooms... 1100
BO others: 2 to 500 rooms: prices $;<» to $lO.non
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms I."<X) 1
Hotel and bar in dlj| E'> rooms 4»»
Boarding-hou?e: cleJrs $.TW; 23 rooms 2.V» !
First-class boarding-house: 3S rooms 50O)
.Tust finished; Eddy, nr. Van Ness; S rms.. 550
Downtown: cheap rent; 10 rooms 4CO
Near city Hall: must sell: 7 rooms 425
I SELL ALL KINDS OF PROPERTY.
CAIJU I CAN SUIT YOU
IN PRICE. LOCATION AND TERMS.
11 C. DECKER, 10.) Market st.. opp. Fifth.
PHONE JOHN 51.
25 ROOMS; new and clean $11CO
12 rooming and boarding house $£>»
17 rooms: fine location 450
18-room house: good transact 750
CO rooms; clears $353 3250
A special bargain; 10-room house, central lo-
cation; new and clean; good Income, etc.
Money loaned. Gale & Benson. 320 Parrott big.
14 ROOMS; well furnished: rent $40 $350
11 rooms; all rented: rent $20 275
40 rooms; fine location: rent $75 10CO
100 rooma at great bargain; rent $200 S6OO
65 r. : rent $100; $1700. BASILE. 3 Eddy st
$700— LODGING-HOUSE. IS rooms, north of
Market Bt. ; bargain If sold to-day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777U Market St.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1931. between Laguna and Bu-
chanan «ts. — Elegant house of 12 rooms: bath,
servants' room, etc.; newly renovated. For
further particulars apply ti> G. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery street
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free: large yard; rent $.".7 80.
9- ROOM house: 313S O'Farrell st. near Mason,
rear entrance; fine location. Apply 13 Grant
$40— ESTABLISHED lodging-house, 11 rooms.
15*3 Market st. near City Hall aye.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— One bunch of keys, going from Sutter
and Jones »ts. to Mission and Third. Please
leave at coffee sulor.n. 7uO Mission st; reward.
LOST— Lemon nnd white pointer: collar
marked property JNO. B. COLEMAN. Olym-
pic Gun Club. Return to 1407 Hyde st and
receive reward.
STOLEN— Lady's Persian lamb cape, trimmed
round bottom with hear fur; llnetl with blue
plaid silk; reward $20. 411 Seventh st.
LOST— Watch with diamond and gold buckle,
at Chutes. Return to 37 Third St.. cor. Stev-
enson, room i.. nnd receive reword: $10.
LOST— Saturday, a watch chain ornament of
gold quartz. Return to 303 Scott st; reward.
BLACK an:l white English setter bitch. Return
to 2210 Steiner st. and receive reward.
WHITE greyhound dog; fawn apot on left side
and head. Return 2.10 Steiner st; reward.
LOST— In Columbia Theater January * lady's
umbrella: Initials B. W. on handle. Please
return to box otflce theater; reward.
IF tha gentleman who found the black and
white pup on Pine or Larkin st. on Thursday
will kindly return it to 1C25 Pine st ha will
receive reward.
ON the 24th— Fox terrier slut: black foot on
head: has pups. Return to 142S Turk; reward.
FOUND— Purse containing money: the owner
can have same by proving property and pay-
ing advertising: call nt 211 Tehama st, city.
MRS. M. E. ANDERSON.
MEDICAL.
DR. COLLIER, the world-renown pile special-
ist, is in the city and will treat all rectal dis-
eases without use of knife: chronic cases pre-
ferred; consultation free; success guaranteed:
any former patients in need of treatment call
and be treated free. 135 Fourth St.. room II;
office hours » to 5 and 7 to S; will call at resi-
dence.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office. $¦>: safe and reliable: con-
sultation free. 1122 Market at., between Ma-
son and Taylor: hours. 9 to 5.
DRS GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
cialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness, 1362 Market.
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office $5: warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice in S. F. Office. 118 Eddy St.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WTETU. reliabl* ladles' physician
and specialists; home for patients !n confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at office, $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post at., bet. Hy_» and L_r-
kln; hours 10 to 6. 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; baa prac-
ticed In S. F. for years: treated thousands
cf rases successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; gviccess (fuar-n-
teed. Write or call at IC23H Market st.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phono Pine 2731; rea.. 1312 Golden Gat» aye.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3. ITS Market; ladle*'
physician; chronic diseases treated; lata sclen-
tifie methods; ct-re guaranteed; treatment ti.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market St.;. hours 10
a ra. to 5 d. m.; at residence. 22S Van Ness
aye.. 5 to 3 p. m.; guaranteed treatment. $5.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 57 years:
cure $o: consultation free; treatment can _•
sent for use at home. SIS Keamy st.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
st.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
MRS. DR. GWTER. 510 Eddy St.. bet, Hyd»
and Larkin: hours. 10 to 12. S to 4 and T to *.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. US _la_oa st.
METAPHYSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy.
occultism: free clinic Tuea. evg. 305 Larkin.
MINES AXD MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers:
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 50 cents per share- or monthly install-
ments: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 223 California St., rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, tt—
floor. Mills bunding. S F. : t»l. Main »44.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, .-hand machinery- Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-137 Fremont it.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought sold and exchanged. 1C63 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture. stor» and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-102- Minion
St.. above Sixth.
A — BUYS, sells, or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear street.
FOR sale — Ten hives of Italian honey bees. Ad-
dress C. J. GARDNER. 203 Guerrero street.
OAK roller top desk; also oak dressing tabla
and chairn. 616 A Central avenue.
LARGE second-hand tent: £.» feet diameter:
complete; cheap to-day. 1643 Mission st,
TWO graphophones. nickel in slot, cheap for
cash. Call at 201 Ellis street.
VERY cheap — One large traction engine, never
in use. Dundon's San Francisco Iron Works.
225 Folsom st.
THOROUGHBRED Japanese malo pug dog.
Call or address. 1M Bus's street,
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 22i) Fremont.
WAKE up* by (buy) SORENSEN'S alarm
clock, reduced to 60c. 102 Sixth, below Mission.
AT le3s than cost: uncalled-for suits and.
trousers to be sold nt Charles Lyons', tha
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Tho
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market »t.. S. F. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$lf.O: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
833 Market st.. San Francisco.
A— s3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., nr. Pine.
DRESS pants, $2 73: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS* engines, drill presses, planers.lathe*.
iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beai*.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market si.
"LUIGI RICCA" famous Italian mandolin at a
bargain. Plaza Loan office, 702 Kearny st,
NEW style Singer sewing machines; $ drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplier,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 518 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEK-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 P.tcmmento St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANT 3.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. 523 Dupont. nr. Calif.
WANTED — Painters' tails; call early. 225
Cclden Gate aye.
LOT of old windows end tank closets; must b«
cheap. Address box 1354. Call offlc*.
MONEY TO LOAN. — -
ANY proposition, any amount; S per csnt. first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates^ legacies, life Insurance; cb-Uel
mortgages; confidential; a-ivice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicl* bldg.
AVOID delays; try all rthers. then see me; $50
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advlca
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 832 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. It. MeCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private placa to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry al low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. i4S Mark::
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
RESPECTABLE, responsible, reilabl* money
lending house; lowest rates; established
Ivl; our own fireproof, building; _riT«t« en-
trance; private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS. IS
Grant aye.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, nnd ca
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER, l« Montgomery at.
MOST r<?'lable 4-lace to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. I_E_TIIAJ_> 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old .roll! «ilvi?r. dla.-nor.ds.
ANY amount by private party t.n furniture, and
ptanos: no removal: low rat.;.; confidential.
BONELLI. Conserva;orv hid.. 1?) Powell nt.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9. respectable prlvato pUc<»
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest; Itooma
63 and £9. Donohoe buildlns, 1170 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not» without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 1C Phelan building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest ratee: Ist and 2U mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; bo
comml-slon: private. LICK. 11« McAUl*t«r st.
IF your property Is mortgage.! and you need
morv money see H. MURPHY. oSO Marker tt.
~~~~ MONEY WANTED. ""
A LOAN wanted— s7oo at 7H per cent Interest,
secured by mortgage on choice Grove-st, lot.
with 4-room cottage, bath, basement, etc.;
principals only. Address box 103. Call of_c«.
Oakland. Cal. , . ; -..
MCSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianoa
where they can be exchanged ror a Stetnway
within three years and have full purctvta*
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3. $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY tha oldest and largest hnus*
west of Chicago to KOHLER & CHASE'S
26. 23 and 30 O' Farrell st. ; pianos, organs ani
all other musical Instruments of all grades)
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible dona to please and satisfy tin
customer. • *
KNABE pianas; new scale; new styles. KOII-
LER & CHASE. 20 O'Farrell st,
WHY buy a cheap-grade piano when you can
get a fin* "Baby" Dicker for $325. paying $io
per month. If you want to, at MAUVAIS'. 769
GREAT bargains In new and second-hand _4-
anos at MAUVAIS'. 76. Market et.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standarl
CLAIRVOYANTS AXD SPIRITUALISM.
PROFESSOR 7.ERA tells past, present and fu-
ture. ;C3 Third Bt., near Folsom.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader: readings, 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer.
330 Ellis 5t.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MRS VV PREE, card reading; questions an-
swered by mail; advice given. 23 7th. room 7.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted "74 rescued stmr Gold. 225 Mason, r. 7. j
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. 921^4 Mission, op.Mlnt.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay— Circle to-
nlpht. S: Tuesday. 2 p. m.; consultation dally.
YOUR future told by cards, 2Sc. 914 Howard
St.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. '• . r. !
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212U Sixth St.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
| advice; names given: 25c up. v Fourth st.
! MME. SYBILLE-Cradle to grave; future hus-
j bHnd's picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell »t.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GKORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful, P,oom 310, P27 Market st,
COTTAGES TO LET.
$18 — MODERN 5-room cottage; fine home. Sec-
ond aye.. near Point Lobos. KREDO & CO..
22 l ,s Geary st.
COZY Eastlake eottace (Mission), reduced to
$10; 1 month free. SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
$S — CAY window cottage; S rooms; water free.
Off Chestnut aye.. inquire C 4 Silver St., off Sd.
. DENTISTS..
A— DR. T. B. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st,. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillines
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 E0 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Synol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 50c: crowns. $3 50; plates,
full set, {5; all work painless and warranted.
Chlcaeo Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
AT~Tne ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. $09 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowm,
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, » a.' m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; ail work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3: fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. Cth.
Guaranteed dentistry, $1 per week; refer to 600"}
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 6th.
SET cf teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
I YOUNG. IS4I Pclk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.; S graduate op»r_-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. SSA Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
SUITS, $3; skirts, 75c; made on short notice.
273 Minna Ft., near Fourth.
S. F. Dressmaking:, Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. "05 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary St.; dresses
| made. $j up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leadins sys-
i tfm; easy payments; evg. classes.- 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
HOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore.—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. T>l. West €3fi.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy, EnglUh
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
MARSH system shorthand; lessona 1 hour each
day or evening, $2 ."0 a week; with application
any student can go through Marsh manual in
six weeks. 30rt Van Ness aye.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 123 C Market Et.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, aeyay, archl.; day and even.;
est. I.SC4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St., con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50, includes all branches.
SHORTHAND taught perronaJly and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mlssion,nr.6th.
A— Singing, piano, French, Spanish; Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. 530 G. G. aye.. r. C; hr. 2-8.
CLASSES In German, French. Spanish; $2 per
month. 004 Taylor st.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett.* Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 1008 Mission ; violin, mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 205 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 17.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
' JAPANESE-CHINESE ETn^TTieTicTnnndnds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42C Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post St.; phone Main 19S8.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office^ —
best help. 414H O'Fnrrell at.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED F_MA_E.
A FIRST-CLASS hotel waitress desires a sit-
uation: good references; city or country.
_MISS 11, CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a uitua-
tion; best city references; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH Infant's nurse degires a situation:
best city references; city or country. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH girl wishes place to do housework
or cook; excellent cook, with best references.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish woman wishes work by the
day. MRS. NORTON, 313 fiutter st.
A NEAT German second girl, good waitress, or
would like care of children. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 41S Powell «., teT
Main 5332: competent German maid, Al refer-
ences; 2 German second girls for chamberwork
and sewlnc; German Infant's nurse; young
nurse for ti'.e care of one child.
TWO Scandinavian cocks desire situations In
American families; best of reference. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 31* Sutter Bt.
POSITION as working housekeeper; country
preferred. Box 4165, Call ortlcp.
COMPETENT girl tleslres a position as parlor
maid and waitress. Address 307'/i Tv.-elfth Bt.
WOMAN wishes place to do general houae-
work; moderate wages; city or country. 746
Mi.vlcn st.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work; $1 JO
per <lay; dresses made over; good fitter; -juiuk
¦worker. 4-111 Twentieth St., near Eureka.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do second
work. 7 Van Ness aye.
MIDDLE-AGED woman who is a good cook
and housekeeper wants a situation; city or
country; good reference. Call at 474 Jessm Bt.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like a few more
engagements by the day; $1 50; will take
work hone: perfect fit guaranteed. AdJrens
fur store. C3S Ellis st.
GERMAN girl wishes work at washing or
houseolfaning at $1 10 a day. Address 7 Van
Nces avp.
AN elderly German lady would like employ-
ment a3 seamstress "ither at home or in fam-
ilies. 10 Collingwood st.
YOUNG rirl wishes a situation to take care of
R children. ffApply. at COS Tennessee St.. Potrero.
GERMAN '.voruan wishes washing, ironln? and
housei-leaning by tho day. Please call or ad-
drcp.» i.v Termma St., bet. First and Second
RESPECTABLE mlrldle-agtd woman wishes
situation to do general housework, or will go
• .ac housekeeper; na objection to children. 11_G
Howard tt.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
TiUFINEFS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
crtll !T o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
rrrrer Clay; open until S:3O p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until 8:J0 p. m.
CT? McAllijtrr street; open ur.ttl S:2O p. m.
Rio Larkin ftreet; open until »:S3 p. xn.
jr<l Mitcion f.reet; open until 10 p. m.
Z2tl Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
trr.tll S p. m.
:o? Eleventh etreet: open until Ip.m.
KM Valencia Ftrct: op<»n until 9 p. ra.
US? Pclk street; open ur.Ml 9 p. m.
Ncrthweyt corner of Tw>--?y-second and Ken-
tucky Ftrects: open until 5 p. m.
MEET.Mi NOTICES.
6AN FRANCISCO Consistory No. '_"*'?7_]
1. — Officer* and mcml*er_ are re- ,ba|i
guested to iL_»>nible at Chapter sn Igii _JJI '
- - ; - ituesday) af- igugygyggal !
TiCRNOON. Jan. 9. at 1:30 feaSKKsSI !
o'clixrk, to atter.d the funeral of d IFll IS
Uro. WILLIAM G. BROWN. ?_____
GEO. J. HOBE, Registrar. «¦¦»
P/.ST Masters' Association of Callfor- *
n:a. F. _.n«l A. M.— Tiife officers and JL
mm; ten are requested to meet at tbe V Tf
Mu*or.!c Temple on TUESDAY. Jan. \ rV^-
livn). m 1 o'clock j>. m., to attend the funeral j
'>( our d«>ceafre_ brother. Past Matter WIL- J
LI AM GRAHAM BRoWN. By order of the i
j.rrrldect. L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge Xo. 1. F. &A. M. ~£~
—The cflicera ar.d members of the _^\_
above named lodce are hereby notified TC 3f
to attend the funeral of our late bro- I^v »
ther. WILLIAM GRAHAM BROWN, in King
l?.~lom<jn's Hail. Masonic Temple. Till- DAY
(TUESDAY*). J-nuary S. IStfO. at 1:30 o'clock.
Master Masons and friends of tha deceased
axe Invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. U. A. M.. •
¦rtll meot THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING, Jan. S. at 7:2u ¦ci-.ck. _I. M. Ie- JLJ\
_ree. By crdcr of the H. P. /^T '
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodse No. 30. F. &A. jj
M. — Meeting THIS (TUESDAY) __fV_,
EVENLNG. _t 7::.. o'clock. D. 1. )Lj\
GEO. J. HOUE, Secretary. /^r>
ORIENTAL Lodre No. 144, F. &A. M.— a
First degree THIS (TUESDAY) -j"k_
EVENING, at 7:20 u'clock. 5&_J?
A. S. HUBUAKD. Secretary. 'yr *
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 2<M. I. s_Sf_s_*- i
O. O. F.— lnstallation THIS !
(TUESDAY) EVENING. Jan. 9. I
Visitors cordially invited.
E. F. FAB-MAX. N. G.
PUBLIC installation. Hermann
L'.dse No. 145. I. O. O. F.— Offi- -gg=gSg.
ters and menibi-r* sre requc-sted -iS^jlOi^r
to assemble In Eur*ka Hall, third 'yifiV*-
floor. Ocd Fellows' building. NEXT TUES-
DAY EVENING. January S. at 8 o'clock 1
nharp. for the installation of officers. Mem- !
bers cf sister lo_ges and friends are cordially
invited. E. KRUEGER. N. G.
M R. JAGER. Secretary^
OFFICEES and membera of __ggK3_>
Franco-Ar_«c:can Lodge No. W". jS3?_SjH»
; 0 :.. tre requested to as- •*K.i&£gLr
femble in th^r hall TUESDAY. "**&S»^
Jar.vary 9. UO4. at IM P- n».. to atter.d the
funeral of our late brother, J. LAGRAVE.
By order cf EUGENE DAUCHER, N. O. ]
L. AURADOU. Secretary. ;
GEOGRAPHICAL Society of the Pacific— The i
annual ejection of directors and councilors '
of this aocitty will be held on TUESDAY. |
Jar.vary 16. _t the. rooms. Merchants' Ex- I
change building. 4_5 Calif>;rr.ia St. Pulls oj>en j
from noon till ¦.. p. m. Annual meeting at s
By order. i
GEORGE DAVIDSON. President.
JOHN PARTRIDGE. Secretary. !
ANNUAL meeting— Sprjas Valley Water Works !
— The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Spring Valley Water WcrVo will be h°ld
at ite otnee of the company. 121 Stockton st.. j
S.in Francisto. Cal.. at 12 o'clock m. on !
WEDNESDAY, the !<n:i day cf Jar.vary. 130 J.
to elect trustees to serve for the ensuing year j
er,d fcr the trar.sa'-tion of such ether busi- j
cees as may i'cm» before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting-The REGULAR ANNUAL !
MEETING cf the stockhoMers of the Pa.l_ro !
Va':!*y Consolidated Railroad Co. will be h<*ld ]
m the office of the Company. 3L'7 Market st..
Pa a Fr?nc:scr>. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 13th ;
day of January. IMO. at the hour cf 11:15 j
nVlock a. m.. for the purpose of electin- a ,
heard cf dlrertcrs to serve for the *-ns_in._ ;
rear and the tranractiru of such other busi- j
ret-? n« may corn.- before The meeting. Tran*-
1-t bock., will close on FRIDAY. January 12.
ISOC et 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Fecretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, room IS. first floor. ;
Chronicle building; no advance charges: al! ;
case?: estates, mortpages. ilamn't, collec- j
ti^ns- V.snknipt-y: will?, etc.. drawn; moder- !
ate fe»s; cull or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. \
HOWE Et'y at law. V.fi Market, cor. Stocktn. :
ADVICE free; r.o cherge unless successful. W. j
TV. DAVIDSON. r27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZHACH. attorney at law. has r»-
fcrred iiractice at SftS Cal. St.. Clunie bidg.
L. K. CLARK. Emma Pr-reckels hid*.. 9Ti Mar-
kot rt : consultation free; no fees In advance, j
HOARD AND BOOMS.
E-TDT TzT^rnlted States Hotel; rooms $1 M
r»eek up. wiUi board J5 W>; eulte fcr two with
t^prd. f22: board. $4 week; meals. 25c; ele-
»stnr runs all Slight.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market— Elegant \
new furnltur-: first-class la every respect;
tnlt'.<" un!>urras«e<i: hot and <-old water: ele- j
vator: i^uit^F. with hoard for 2. $r.O month up.
LAS PAI.MAS. Jf-0 Market Ft— Suite of 2 or 3 j
* nrr.: private; bath: sin. rms; board optional, j
LARGE roo-n: grate, water. V.ard; suitable for
stu<Vnt>; chea;'. 73! Van Ness avenu».
2ft_\V family hotel: first-class in all uppolnt-
rrifr.ts: excellent tablp. K>7 California -t.. oc- i
cupy'.r.g corner opposite Grace Church.,
NICELY furr.lshed room with board: home
cocking; private family: gentleman preferred.
Ad-r-ss box 745. Call office.
"IiELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ry «-u::es; best board; for J. $45 up: single, 120.
HAIGHT. tr-Sunny rooms with board: terms
rea-on-Me.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
BOAUD AND ROOMS WANTED.
BY *lr.;r:e man— Board ar.d room in American |
or German fcmily. Bex 42tC. Call.
UOAIIDING FOR CHILDREN*. ;
A GOOD heme sn-1 mothers care for child 1 |
ye.tr or older; reasonable. Hi Pace st. !
TO board— An ir.rant or small child; $19 per .
month. 210 Lexington aye. I
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
tCHOOL BCHJKS bought and exch_nged.'
Holmes r.ook Co.. 704 Mission ft., near Third.
KOOT^AND SHOE BARGAINS.
CHILDREN'S shoes, all ttyles, sizes S to Il.7r>c
Boy.' *hoes, all Klzes. $1. Men's shoes... sl t»
Ladies' lace or button Khoes. all sizes ji oo
I'fpple'f Shoe St':iy. 1Z~)Z Stockton, nr. D'dwy. '
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— tS.**— BAKERY near McAllister St.; estab- I
liMieU years: all store trade; large stock; I
rer.l £25; 4 years' lease; H_ barrels per day.
Call J_ G. WILKE. SC6 Market st.
t2:<v- FIRST-CLASS florist's *tore; doing a good I
husin**s; eplendid location; owner going to
Kurr;*-; rent t:0; 3 living rooms, furnished.
Call R. G. WILKE, SOS Market St.
A— ICO: CIGAR and candy etore; rent $20; very
bcf. location north of Market st. ; n. first-class
Kytns luvir.ess; lar_e stock. Call K. O.
WILKE. Otfi Market st.
A— *7(M; COFFEE saloon and chophcuse; rent
$-^ E : open day and nlpht and doing a first-class j
P*yir_ busioeaa. Call K. G. WILKE. 80« ]
Market pt.
A— s.'*/; FRUIT ar.d grocery, with horse and i
Wilson: daily r*-e«lpts $28: rent $30; full value
in tight; a splendid chance. «"all R G
_ WILKE. «>£ M-rketj>t,
A-KOQ; CBOCEIIT irToakland. witn~ho~rse and
wapon: rent Il'U a e.»o<3- paying business; all
_ frc*h fctock. Call R.jU. WILKE. iiW Market.
A-Ji"': DELICACY nor- nn4 branch bakery,
on Larkin St.: rent $15: good-paying business;
fine place for 2 Indie* or man and wife Call
H. O. WILKE. ?>€ Market st. ......
?r •< •<— RESTAURANT: s Fnap.~thlT~d.ty: leav-
in- Lbc city cause, of sale. MiLAUGHLIN _t
<-<>.. ~'i Mm ket ft.
itJO-KESTAURANT and lodging house; old-es-
t_bli*hed businets; owner retiring on account
«.f old ne«. Mclaughlin & co. 7771, ;
Market et. I
$300— PAUT cash; :>(irtner wanted: fine corner
faloon; private entrance and rooms: will t ;.-ar
S7j rer mo. *ach; pt/od man wnnte.l hn prefer-
ence to hired htlp. Apply PACIFIC EX-
CHA2CC-S, 101G Mailtet st. I
FOR rale— Branch bakery, stationery, notion 1
end delicacy store, opposite a !«r«e school: i
no opposition; has to be mt'.S on account of j
cickneaa; party is the owner; 4 rooms, hath, j
modtrn improvements. Bo? 2SII. Call c.'_- ¦•. ;
WANTED— Ptca-iy mcr. to asrlrt In light oul-
door work: will pay $3C per week; must have
SV<: 101 C Market «_. ram IX
JPAIiTNUJi wanted in meat market: trial priv-
• t- __m- wiU» rererecc-. 521 Fourth Et.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1900.
12§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensarj",
iVlti HEABNY %T. Esubllshwl
In IHSI for the treatment of Private
Plseuses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
dlßeasevreartng on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedociorcureswben
others fall. Try him. Charge* low
CnrMrgsmntrrd. Callorwrltn.
Or. J. JT. uUiIJU.N, Box 1957, 5au i'juncwcu
Justified in Shooting.
James Crowe, the younfr man who was
accused of shootins hl3 ex-stepfather.
James Haggerty of Bethany, San Joaqutn
County, on Christmas day. because Hap
gerty wanted to marry his mother again,
was set at liberty by Judge Conlan yes
terday. The Judge said that Haggerty
went to Mrs. Crowe's house on Dore
street with a revolver looking for trouble
and he got it.
aacTiir.K.i pacific com pa jit.
(PACIFIC SYSTMO
Trml«» ¦••»*•• nnil nre due) lo nrrlv* •*
*%N KltAX«;i?*«'«.
(Main Une, Foot of Market Street.)
ieavi — Fjiou Dxctubz* 13. 1339.. — .abhjtw
•7:OO a Benicb, Suisnn, Kmira, VaoaTlUe.
RwoseT ftnil tSacrrtmeuto. ......... "T«3y
•7iOOa Slii;tV Eiprcsi- Divia. WUlowa.
Kc.l Bluff PcrUatd Ts4s»
•7s3«a Martinez, .Sau l:amon.Vallejo.Napa,
CalUtrga sn-1 £=at:» I>ta # O«1»»
•S>3O* Tho Overland LinniteU— Ogden. Den-
Ter, Osaha, Cticagj "ojioJ
"»:::il» San .loso. Lircruore, .Stockton.
lone. Sacra:iirmo. riaccrrUlj,
MrirysTiile. I l.fco, Keil Illuff Mil 3»
*M:3Oa •Mliron. Uak&iii' and Honora »4:13r
•O:OOa llsyvr3n!s. Kilca anil Way Stations. •! 1 1U4
••:OOa D^Ti -., Woodla-d. Kzijhta Landing.
Slansrillc, Or: riiliv •7»-l3»
•OiOO* Atlauti? Impress— OgUoii and Eas* I>-s*3m
•9:OOa UaxUnes, Tr-cj, I.at!irop. Stockton,
Merc-siaml t'retno. «I2:I3»
•Di«oa rertCosti, i'reeao, Mojito and I.o»
:l!l;H.'i •a:l.iF
•IO:OO* X.HU j,., Jlartlmw and Way Stations *O: l.ir
. *1 1:OW.\ Jlpywar'7.T. Nilc-3 ami Way Stations. '2: 13»
•l!i:O»>M Nilrsi, li\cmo-<\ .-¦ -'.r. :i, saiTi-
m-:it.\ V. •::<;..:.. lUnforU, Visalia,
" Pcr.crrl.:ci «4il»#
fl:«Or Samittemn KiTcrSV^tnem fSsOOp
•3:0 Op HarTCT&t. Kilca ar.«l tt'aj Stations, »3:I5»
•4:«M>r Martiiior, Kan K.tuion. Valtejo,
Knpa, I'ailHtDKn. Nmiu Itosa •»•!»*
MiOOr Brnicia. Vacavillo, • Mucratuoiito.
TOottftantti KntcMa Landing,
llßXjSiUte; OroviUe •IO:|!»»
•4i:tf>r 'SUez, Nan.l.'wioai!.! Strxktou •7513»
•3:OOpTho Ovrl Limited— Tracy. Frcmo.
IViks.nCelil. f-'an^ii f< r Santa Ear-
barv ki Asxtles •1O:I3a
•OtOOr Eur s-i 1.i.. :te<l-> I I.-, >. New Or-
Icczscml r.r-t elo:<t3A
•SiZOr Stocktou. ilcrcp.l, Kresno •I*M3»
•.I:3i»r Krmn<\ Uak«sB«ttl, KaiUa llMbara,
I*s A=gc!ca. IVmln-i Et ruo,
New C'rbiui anil Cast •»i43 a
•3>Swp Uanta fa llonte — Atlantlo ExpreKS
(or Mnjaft mxl l«i*t& *0:45»
•»:OOp llayT7:r(!3, TfiITIIHIITIM Joeo •7:4.V%
1«::i()r VallcJ> •13>13p
•CiSor OricnUJ Mill— Ogtlcn and >i»st •3:."»0f
p:OOr V'3l!cjo, l'uit ( ivU anU Wj; SU-
tlwa 10-.53 r
•Bio3r Orogon and C'alifnnili £x|>rn^M*s>
ninieiiLo. M/.rjavilN). l.'c.l.llne.
l'..rlUi-..1. f-iim-t ¦¦:¦„.„. 1 «.») K:»'t M'laa
COAST IUVIsION (NnnoiT 4J«B R e).
(Foot ot .M-rk-t Street.)
•»il»« Manark.C'cntcrTiilr.Kan.lo'ic.rrlton,
licuUler C'nck.hsauta Crnz sn«l Way
Stations •stO#»
t«iinp Newark. OwhJitU* Sau Joar. New
Alm-iilen. Kvlton, r..-i:! lt-r t.'r^ek.
Santa t:rux ami l'rincipal Way
HratHnn *I»»sJV»a
•J«lsp Kerrsrlr, .s»u .Icf.o. IxM Gstoa n»:a«A
tlltl3p Hnntcn' rieuxsicn. Pac Jose and
W>T.SMH.v-» P* s *?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY-
rnmSI!I Fl»:iC;:.CJ— root cf 'U^n StrnttSltpH)—
•7:18 0:60 11.00 A.M. U23 *2:03 t3:C3
•1:CO |S:CQ •E:C3>-.*>.
rr«B»o»KUBD— rwl ora.'C:.J»»y.— *«:Co 3CO 30:00*. X.
nisc *i:33 kzz »:.:: tt-sa •SiO.u.
(oast nivisioN (CrmlGaMfft).
(TIIII.I i!i»l TT.vnnnu.i Stj.)
JSTtM Oeoan View. Hnnt.t Hlll >ranel«co. . t«i3»»
•~:UUa San Jojio ami W»J .Statii.im (New
Atendn WcbieulaTdoiily) •!>>•»
•BiOOa Kan Jope. TIM I'imw. h»iiL» ('tin,
l'ai-ilic »;v.»Te. !¦*».• Uolilvs. San
Imlb 01.im.0. s-.,r. 1.,,u.;.c iin.l
IMiiclful Why Stat.i,.na Mil«p
•l«:4«.t f«an.)O3t;nii<l Uaj.SUtlnns ««:Ssa
•lIDIOa Ban J.«o nn.l V.'uj Rtatfaua 'StSO*
?«:43r Kjii ilotnv CcUt7Oo«l, Menlo Tailr.
Palo AUo. Sant-\ tiara. San .lose.
Ties iino<. .^ai-.t* «im/_ BiHnaa.
Uratmjaad I'n.iilc (Irof; 1IA:3«a
f:t:.tOp San .lose aiul Way Still lors •7:3«P
t Isl.ir :-ai..l. ?->a.:i.l Pri:ieii>al V. uy HtatfouS *1»:t3»
}3:OOr San Joao and Trincipal Way Stations t'J:OO4
V>:3!)r SaJi.lcsoan.l Principal V, ay .Stations '»:3-1a
•B:::n P .San .lose an.l WaySbitloM JH^Oa
6ll:l.">f S.iii .lcg-.?iul Way i?tal-i«»iis •7::tO»
A for Mnnunt 1* fur Afternoon.
• IHily. t isuu.la* exrepted. J Sunday only.
6 Saturday r.n'T.
»Tutiii« f.r-.l Fuii: : s i Tbursdsya and BumlaTS.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RL CO.
ZjSSSUH]
SAU FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFItS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaroa P«rrjr. Foot of Market *>t-
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
I WEEK DAYS—7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. ra. ; 13:J3,
\ ISO, o.lu, (:3O p. m. Thursdays— EUtra trip
; at 11:30 p. :n. Saturdays — tlxtra trips at l:i»
and H -.to d. m.
I SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. l.Zi,
t:CO. «:2fl d. m.
I PAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY 9-8:19. 7:ro. 9:V). 11:10 a. m. : U:C,
< 3:40. 5:10 p. m Saturdaj-»— Extra trips at
I I:CS and 0:33 p. m.
BUNDATS-8:10, »:40. 11:19 a. m.: 1:40. 1:10. l:0«»
(:2S d. m.
Between San Francisco and Echuetzen Park
i Mime schedule as above. .
i Leave AtTIT«
San Francisco. In Effect Baa Francisco.
! . 1 October 15. ¦
I Week Sun- IS.'3. Sun- W<«e)s
1 Days. ! days. D»st!natlon days. Days.
! 1:80 am 3:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ara
i t:3O pm 9:30 sm Petaluma. 4:06 pai 10:25 ara
i (:10 pm fi:OC pm Santa Roaa. Z:35 [im i 32 pra
Fulton.
T:3O am Windsor. 10:15 aat
Healu»burs.
Lytt .n.
Gey>>»>rvine,
I:M pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. , 7:3 i pm 1:23 pa
7:20 am Hopland and
8:00 am Uktah. 7:35 pmj (:22 pra
T:SO am 10:25 an
8:00 am Gnernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm «:22 pea
t:SO am 8:00 am Bonnma 10:40 am 8:40 ara
and
1:10 pm B:CO pm Glen Ellen. (:t5 pm (:22 pm
j T:3O am 8:C0 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:13 aot
, 8:30 pm| 6:00 pm ', 7:35 pm| t.ZZ pn»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lyttoa
for Lyttun Springs; at Geyservllle for Ska*gs
Sprinirs: at Cl.'.verdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Spring*. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Hartlett Springs; at Uktah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Btua Lakes. Laurei
Dell Lake. Wltier Springs. Upper Lake. Poraow
Potter Valley. John Pay's. Riverside. Llerley's;,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. HullrlUa, Orr*«
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
westpert. Usal. Wlltltts. Laytonvllle. Cum*
tntng's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Oliea'i, Dyer.
Bcctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r*>
,' faced rates.
! On Sunday round trlD tickets to all points
I fcryond fun Rafae) at half rates.
Ticket Offic-s. 650 Market st. ChronirW t>l4«.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTA!».
General Manager. Gen. Pbm. Ac-eat.
RfIUFORNIfI IIMITED
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
. This Is the quickest runnlnj and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Traix Leaves Sax Franciscoj
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
saturday. arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with ail limited
train.* for New York.
OVERLAND Learea San Francisco at J:»
pynnpec p. m. with Palace and Tourist
7. i ,. 5 cars for Kan ' as c «y. St. Loma,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlare tj/\ « n
and BakersfieiU. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•Ff>icp/\ caam Market Street, Phone Main
way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; Sau Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
BORTH PACIFIC CQAS? RAILROAD.
Via Scoaalite P*rrj.
Commencing October 1. ISX9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-»7;0O. *9:20. U:CO a. m.; IM.
•3:40 5:13. «CO. «:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mi:i Valley and San Ra.
fael. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at $:C0 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'gOO. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.; »I:UL
«:15. »4:45. «:30. 9:CO p m.
Trains marked i*) run to San Quentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO 9AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S 2.-.. 7:45. *9:m a. m.}
•U:SO. »:13. *3MO. •3^15 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an*
i Eaturdayp at 6:40 and 10:13 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— 6:IO. -3:00.. «:0:C0. *11:45 a. m.J
•l:« 0. *J:l5. 4:43, t:SO p. m.
Trains marked »•) start from San Quenttn.
FRf"M MILL VALI.KY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS-5:45. 5:45. T:SS. »:io a. m.l
XJ:SS. 2:35. 5:45. 3:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS-S:CS. 10:05 a. m.;- 12:06. 1:15. I:J».
1:00. S:4S p. m
THROUGH TRAINB.
1:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomaies and v'ay statMß*,
liOy su 13. SauJwfcTwaiaica uid vox jUUos*
BANQUET TO
PRESIDENT STULZ
San Fr.inclsco Is to be represented at
the convention of the National Grocers'
Association, which is to be held at Cleve
land on January 16, 17 and IS, by Joseph
A. Stulz, president of the local Retail
Grocers' Association. Mr. Stulz will start
this morning for this assemblage of tho
grocers of the various cities of the coun
try, and last night he was the guest of
honor at a dinner, which was attended by
about forty of the leading retail grocers
of the city and a dozrn of the representa
tives of various wholesale houses.
There were many speeches and expres
sions of confidence in Mr. Stulz. He, In
turn, spoke briefly of his mission as dele
gate to the national convention, and said
he intended to learn what was being don*
In other parts of the country by the retail
grocers and report to San Francisco's
merchants as to what might be accom
plished by them.
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, oommenc--
Ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by W^ o o'clock train from Third and
Townsend- streets.
GARRY— In this city, January 6, 1900, Catherin*
Garry, a native of Ireland, aged 86 years.
GOLDRING— In San Diego, January 8, 1900,
Edwin F. Goldrine. husband of Daisy Gold-
ring, and son of J. Y. and Jane Goldring, a
native of New York City, aged 23 years t
months and 23 days.
GRAHMAN— Entered into rest In this city,
January 7. 1900, Mrs. Josephine Grahman,
daughter of Mrs. J. B. Berry, and mother of
Algernon T. Grahman, a native of California,
ased 33 years.
(CT Friends are resoectrully Invited to a:-
tend the funeral services thia day (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 109
Montgomery street. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
HANSEN— In this city, January 7, 1900, Chris-
tian M.. beloved husband of Margaret Han-
Ben, a native of Denmark, aged 63 years 6
months and 7 days.
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell ptreet. near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— In this city. January T. 1900. Kata.
beloved wife of Fred Johnston, mother of
Willie and Thomas Johnston, and sister of
Patrick Ponlan and Mrs. M. Crowe, a native
of Ireland, aged 46 years.
try Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
LAGRAVE— In this city. January 6, 1900.
Joachim, beloved husband of Cecile Lagrave,
father of Justin, Leon, Frank and Antolne
Lagrave, and son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
Justin Cedley, a native of Spain, aged 51
years and 3 months.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1017 Railroad avenue. South San Fran-
cisco.
McELROY— In the City and County Hospital.
January S, ISOO, Michael McElroy, & natlv* of
Ireland, aged 53 years.
McLELLAN— In Laurel Creek, San Mateo
County, Cal., January — , 1900, Mary Cross
McLellan, mother of Mary 8., Mary P.. Mary
G., Charles D.. William S., Leonard E..
Edgar W., George 8., Frank L. and Asa D.
McLellan, a native of Norton, Mass., aged 69
years 5 months and 23 days.
IT^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from her late residence. Laurel
Creek. Funeral car leaves Third and Towns- |
end streets at 10:40 o'clock. Interment prl- ;
vate.
MULLER- In this city, January 8, 1900, Fran-
zlsco beloved wife of August V. Muller, and
mother of Emil and Frank Muller, a native
of Posen, Germany, aged 36 years.
[Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S o'clock, from St. Boniface's
Church" GoKlen Gate avenue, between Jones
and Leavenworth streets. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
MIRHAY— In Oakland. January 7, 1900, Mary
Murray beloved wife of John Murray, mother
of Lizzie. Peter ¦ W., Ellen. Delia, Annie,
George. Mary and Arthur Murray, and sister
of Mrs. Thomas Turner, a native of Athlone,
County Westmeath. Ireland, aged 44 years.
irXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wertne-day), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence ISO 7 Seventh street, thence to' St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
NASH— In this city. January 7. 1900. Ellis
Nash, son of Archie M. ami Agnes L. Nash.
ajfed 4 years 10 months and 13 days.
\y Funeral services will be held this (Tues-
day) morning at 11-30 o'clock, at Golden Gate
Chapel 2425 Mission street. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
PACKARD— Entered Into rest In San Gregorlo,
January 6, I'JOO, Howard Franklin Packard,
bfloved son of Mrs. A. Packard, and brother
of George R.. J. W. and C. H. Packard and
Mrs. Al Newman of Port Townsend, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 44 years 8 months and
r^Funeral this day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock,
at Cypress Lawn Crematory.
I rARRISH— In this city. January 8, 1900, Nor-
man beloved husband of Sarah J. Parrish.
and father of Mrs. E. J. Root. Mrs. William
T I'lunkett and Walter N. Parrish. a na-
tive of Cleveland. Ohio, aged 61 years 11
months and 21 days.
£7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
RAABE— In this city, January 7, 1900. Captain
Goorce A. Raabe. beloved son of the late
Anna C. Lenhardt. and uncle of Mrs. H. C.
Lutcens, a native of Kurrhessen, Germany,
agod 61 years. (Eastern papers please copy.)
E^Frirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles 'j. B. Metzler. 63C Washington street,
thence to St. Paulus German Church, corner
Edfly and Gough streets. Rev. J. M. Buehler,
where the services will be held at 2 o'clock.
By special request of Captain George A.
Raabe gentlemen will pleuse keep their hats
on at the grave In the interest of health. In-
terment laurel Hill Cemetery.
SINNOTT— In this city, January S, 1900. at her
residence, 651 Folsom street. Eliza M.. Sinnott,
widow of the late John Sinnott. a native of
County Wexford. Ireland.
SPELLMAN— In this City. January 7, 1900,
James, beloved Bon of the late John and
Julia Si>ollman, and brother of John and
Stephen Spellman and Mrs. B. Bailey, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 35 years 6 months
and 15 days.
(C7' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
this" day (Tuesday), at 9:3U o'clock, from the
parlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co.. 15:4 Stock-
ton street, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery.
STARR— In Boston, December 29. 1599, Eliza
J. Ptnrr, only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. David
Monnastes of Portland. Or., aged 48 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Francis
de Sales Church, Oakland, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul.
STENSLAND— In this city. January 8, 1900, at
St. Luke's Hospital. Man,' Stensland, beloved
wife of Captain Charles Bteneland, and dearly
beloved mother of Tina Fosen, a native of
Denmark, aged 43 years 9 months and 4 days.
(C?"Notlce of funeral hereaffr.
THODE— In Oak Grove, San Pablo, January 8,
I'dOO Claus Thode, dearly beloved father of
Mrs. J. J. Scblueter. H. N. Thode. Mrs. 11.
Cnmpe, Hennlng and John Thode and the
late Mrs. J. J. Schlueter. Miss Alice Thcxle
and Mrs. D. Becker, a native of Holstein.
Germany, aged 87 years 2 months_and 19 days.
ir7"Frfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mi»rrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, corner of Eddy and
Oough streets. Remains at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Please omit flowers.
him the services of those officials.
The new deputies will be required to
give bonds to the Coroner for the faith
ful performance of their duties. The rules
and regulations for the conduct of the
Morgue were then read. The use of to
bacco and levity are both Impartially
condemned. No bodies will be delivered
to the undertakers without the authority
of the Coroner or his chief deputy. Depu
ties will not be allowed to receive money
or gratuity for any services performed by
them.
"There has been much talk about these
matters," said the Coroner, "and while I
do not believe there has been much fire,
there has been such a huge amount of
smoke, so dense and' offensive, that I
don't propose to have it continued.
"The Morgue will be kept open from 7
a. m. to 11 p. m., and the bodies of iden
tified persons will not be placed on public
exhibition. It shall be an offense for any
person except the Coroner or the deputy
on duty to give any Information to the
press concerning murders, suicides, ac
cidents or natural cause cases, and t'ne
family affairs of dead persons will be
kept from the press and public under
pain of the suspension or dismissal of the
offending employe."
Ex-Coroner Hill, after thanking his
deputies for the zeal and fidelity with
which they had attended to the perform
ance of their duties. Invited his successor
and all hands downstairs to celebrate the
wake with a libation to Bacchus. Coroner
Cole, who is a good old soul, reciprocated.
PARK COMM ISSIONERS
MEET AND ORGANIZE
THE recently appointed Park Commis
sion, consisting of A. B. Spreckels,
Frederick W. Zelle, Reuben H.
Lloyd, John A. Stanton and Jasper
McDonald, met in the lodge at Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon and or
ganized.
The session was prolonged but entirely
harmonious. On motion of R. H. Lloyd.
A. B. Spreckels was chosen president of
the new commission. Phil Fay Jr. was
appointed secretary of the board. Miss
M. B. Fairman, former secretary, was
appointed to the position of bookkeeper.
The secretary's compensation was tixeil
at 5125 per month and that of bookkeeper
at *100 per month.
Under the new charter the Park Com
missioners have supervision and control
of all the plazas and squares ai well as
the Golden Gate Park, hence the respon
sibilities of the board are largely In
creased. Hereafter the Commissioners
will meet at least twice a month.
THEY INSTALLED THE
PUBLIC PROSECUTORS
EX-DISTRICT ATTORNEY MURPHY
formally installed his successor,
Lewis F. Byington, in the office of
public prosecutor yesterday at noon.
At the hour when the provision? of the
new organic law went into force Mr.
Murphy, accompanied by Mr. Byington,
went to Judge I^awlor's court. After in
troducing his successor Mr. Murphy said
that it was with pleasure that he in
stalled In compliance of the suggestion
of the District Attorney, William H. Al
ford as prosecutor of the department. He
regret tc-il, however, that circumstances
necessitated the withdrawal of A. P.
Black, wno had proved his ability and de
votion to the cause of justice, but hoped
that Mr. Alford would pruve as able and
loyal to the people as the man whose
place he would henceforth occupy. Judge
Lawlor formally recognised the appoint
ment of Mr. Alford and the new and the
old District Attorneys adjourned to Judge
Cook's court. Here Eugene Deuprey was
installed as Prosecuting Attorney in the
place of General Salomon. The stepping
out of the aged 'and distinguished prose
cutor. General Salomon, and the swear
ing in of his successor were impressive in
the extreme and will not soon be forgot
ten by these who witnessed it.
From Judge Cook's court the inaugu
rating body adjourned to that occupied by
Judge Dunne. H^re J. T. Greaney, who
has occupied the position of prosecutor of
the court under Mr. Murphy, was rein
stalled. The ceremony was of short dura
tion, and at its conclusion District At
torney Byington took up the work of the
office and Judge Murphy was relegated to
private life and private practice.
For Prosecuting Attorneys Charles
Weller was assigned to Judge Con
lan's court; James M. Hanley to
Judge Cabannls' court; R. V. Whit
ing to Jud^e Fritz's and Isaac Har
ris to Judge Mogan's court. His other
appointments are chief warrant and
bond clerk. Charles Peery; assistants —
John J. Greeley, T. I. Fitzpatrick and
William Burke; stenographer, Ix>uis
Ward; office clerk. Wallace Thompson —
all of whom immediately qualified.
REPUBLICANS HEAD SIX
OF THE COMMISSIONS
AS the commissions appointed bj
Mayor Phelan have effected organi
zatlon, the Democratic workers an
directing attention to the fact that tht
Republicans have won first place as fol
lows: President of the Police Commis
slon. George A. Ncwhall: President Parl
Commission. A. B. Spreckels; Chalrmai
Board of Health, Dr. Williamson; Presi
dent of Fire Commission. Rolia V. Watt
President of Board of Education, C. W
Mark; Chairman of Board of Publi.
Works. Colonel George H. Mendell.
The Democrats have Jerome Deasy,
Chairman of the Election Commission.
The Non-Partisans rejoice In the leader
ship of Richard Freud. Chairman of the
Civil Service Commission.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
•Week Days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m_
Sundays 8:00, 10: CO a. m. and I:4a p.m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return,
}1 40 '
NORMAN PARRISH DEAD.
Norman Parrish, one of the firm of
Parrish & Co.. proprietors of the Cali
fornia Mills at 30-34 Spear street, dropped
dead ' last evening on board the trans
port Tartar. Apoplexy is supposed to
nave been the cause or death.
Parrish. in company with Charles A.
Skinner, a laborer employed by him, was
erfgaged In loading steering wheels on the
dock of the vessel at the Folsom street
wharf. He was exerting himself consid
erably and suddenly tottered and fell. An
ambulance was dispatched from the Har
bor Receiving Hospital, but when that
Institution was reached It was found that
the man was dead.
Deceased had a family and resided at
318 Bartlett street in this city. He was
6S years of age.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
• GRAND HOTEL.
F Steele & w, HanfordjJ North, Riverside
J A lieretta. Oakland! Miss J Melntosh, Cal
C O Weiss. US N (Mrs J rtarnard. Call
E A Stauffer, Sacto |T¦ II Bernard, Cal
11 F Hall. Stanford j John Grille, Cal
F Rothnbush. Stl'n : H II Stephen*. Sacto
Miss M Jowett, S Cruz W J Smith, Cal
D D Wtshon, Visalia L V Orern. Cal
C H Jackson. Chic J Sterns. Sacto
A E liurr, Vancouver J X Dtxon. Stockton
Capt F N Wise, B C H Dickinson. Cal
G A Adams, S Jose F Tounskew. Cal
S Brown. New York « Stewart. L An*
W D Lovell & w, lowa A Stewart. L Ane
A W Foster. Cal £ Keeler. Philada
A Ekman. Orovllle i « Ferguson. S Joee
J A Black Cal |VX °ossard, S Jo«e
J DEn A. 8 Cruz Max Mayer Portland
J B Lamont. Cal * \°? n *- Stanford
h T Smith Cal A Earth, Slsßon
L McC^mVL 1 An* E aou.hnan&w. Mont
a V Thnmns L. AniT^ Schmldt-Tauer. Wls
R B SS T tepife a n». L Anl DrTeM.. Keswlclc
9I V 'fr'," 8 ' ,, N ,,, V a E Purser, Healdsburw
J C Hall, Redlands j Cr&isr Hiehlnnri SrT
W Hubbiih. w &• S J Draiur" AntlMh
Willis Pike. Fresno " ' Anll °cn
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Brown. Tacoma j M Hansen, Seattle
J Ralston, S Jose Mrs liomanh V Whtem
J Davidson, Marysvilla, M Wallace S Jose
H M YounK, S Jose . X B Couch. Clements
C F Waters, Oakflale 8 McLane. Seattle
J Mathews, Stockton is Klernan, Pubuque
D L Morse. Stanford jL A Petton Seattle
R Cadogan. Chicago ;Dr Wlltee&W, Seattle
I. Lee&w. Vancouver iP C Mayford, Grass Vy
C Pretther. Seattle I E Enslnan, Seattle
PALACE HOTEL.
E H Cox. Mndera 0 J Bishop. L Anrelea
P J Ryan. Chicago M M Potter, I. An*
B Wood & w, San Jose A Meyer, Yokohama
W H Leonard. Oaklnu M A Croker. Klaochau
W M TtnKley. Pa Mrs Croker. Klaochau
J P Geddes &w, N \ Lieut W Romaroff,
A E Bell. S Barbara Russia
W J Galbraith & w, II Stevenson, Menlo'Pk
Honolulu Mrs Stevenson, MenloP
H E Van Home & w, C Walte, Stanford
¦Wyoming: R C Victor, Stanford
J P Borden, Madera C O'Donnell, Minn
Dr M J Davis. Nev Mrs O" Donnell. Minn
H J McFarland, Chgw E II Noyei. Boston
Mrs E T Jeffrey. ChKO Mrs Noyes, Boston
Miss Jeffery. Chicago Miss Davenport, Cal
J C Jeffrey. Chicago |Mlss Stlmson. Seattle
C F Klmball. Chicago |E Voorhles, S Cruz
I>r . W A Hendryx, C Murohy. Palo Alto
Los Angeles Mr Hanson. Redwood
Mrs Ilendryx, L An* Mrs Hanson. Redwood
Miss Ward. England W Ward&w, England
Slashed Her Rival.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. B.— Mrs. Elliott
became insanely Jealous of the attention
paid her bosom friend, Mable Carlton, by
her husband, so she procured a razor to
night and Inflicted a gash on her rival's
face that extends from her nose across
her left cheek.
SCENES WHICH MARKED
THE LOCAL REVOLUTION
Continued from Eighth Page.
responsibility great, the duties Incumbent
upon the County Clerk were conducted in
an orderly way. Late in the afternoon Mr.
Goddard, notwithstanding the pressure of
business, called his men into the main of
fice and Instructed them regarding their
duties under the charter— the new organic
law. All must report at S:3O a. m. and re
main until 5 o'clock In the evening. An
hour. each day, he told them, was allowed
for lunch, after which every man must be
ready for work and must remain at his
work until the closing hour. In closing
Mr. Goddard presented the complete list
of the deputies in the office, which fol
lows:
Joseph Goddard, chief deputy; Thom.ts
O'Neill, Frank Grimes, W. J. Kennedy,
W. C. Ralsch. R. H. Fitzgerald. A. A.
Watson. A. B. Mahoney, C. C. Morris, R.
J. Welch, J. B. Martin, J. R. McElroy. W.
B. Jost, O. A. Tolle. J. P. Rice. J. J.
Groom. J. A. Fenton, R. E. Conway. J. J.
Grelf, D. V. Graham," W. B. Lee. Nelson
Doollttle. J. E. Sutton, E. M. Thompson.
T. C. Maher, F. C. Danforth, J. J. Cas
sidy, V. F. Northrop, A. Houston, Charles
Corey. Joseph Rlordan, G. Valero. W. R.
A. Johnson. Carl Mueller. J. C. Flood, T.
L. Doran, J. B. Reilly. Isadore Erb. D. C.
Van Nostrand, J. V. Harrison. P. W. I*an
non, P. A. McGushln, John Houston,
Frank Meyers, P. Hlrleman, Oscar Her
old. Drew Harrigan and Joseph McAullffe.
EVERYTHING WAS SERENE
IN THE SHERIFF'S OFFICE
THERE was no excitement In the
transfer of Sheriff Martin of his
office to his successor. John Lack
mann. The new official shook hands
with the old one, and .everything went
merrily. Chief Deputy George Hare
was kept busy all the afternoon as
signing the published list of deputies to
the different positions. Sheriff Lack
mann was escorted by Mr. Martin to the
three branch county jails, where the keys
were turned over to him.
ASSESSOR DODGE MAKES
SEVERAL APPOINTMENTS
IN noticeable contrast to the exciting
scenes in the Tax Collector's o.T-ce
was txtreme «Ki:et In the Assessor's
office Immediately opposite. Mr. Dodge
succeeded himself without the loast cere
mony and reappointed the deputies, whose
name? have already been published, for a
period of sixty days, until they can qual
ify in the civil service.
In addition to the minor positions Mr.
Dodge appointed John F. Glnty as his
chief deputy. Glnty has been tilling the
position ever since Godchaux resigned to
make his campaign for Recorder. Wil
liam J. Blattner, who has been a zealous
supporter of Dodge, besides being related
to him, was appointed chief field deputy.
TREASURER BROOKS KEPT
BUSY COUNTING CASH
AS SOON as S. H. Brooks had been
sworn in to succeed I. J. Truman as
Treasurer, the office was closed to
permit the new officials to count the
cash in the vaults. This work will
be completed in about two days. Treas
urer Brooks announced as his chief dep
uty J. O. Reis, and as deputies Septimus
de Greayer, C. B. Perkins and Cal ;»Ic-
Clune.
EVERYTHING HARMONIOUS
IN THE POLICE COURTS
AFEELIXG of good fellowship and
harmony pervaded tho Police Courts
at noon yesterday when the old
officials retired from the cares and
responsibilities of office and introduced
their successors.
Judge Treadwell introduced his suc
cessor. Judge Cabaniss, in a few well
chosen words. He said he had known him
for years and knew him to be a man of
ability, truthfulness and honesty. "I hope
«o one," continued the Judge, "will have
a single word to say against me. I have
erred, but It is human to err, and have
said harsh words and harsh words have
been said against me, but I hope no ani
mosities have been engendered and I wish
you all good-by."
There was applause In court, which
Judge Cabaniss Instantly suppressed, re
marking that he wanted them to under
stand that they were In a court of justice.
He briefly thanked the Judge for what he
had said and presented his commission to
the clerk of the court.
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter then
Introduced his successor, James M. Han
ley, and extended his thanks for all the
courtesies accorded to him. Mr. Hanley
made a brief reply.
The clerk of the court Is John A. Fen
ton, who succeeds James P. McQuaide,
one of the most painstaking, efficient and
courteous clerks In any ot the courts.
The bailiffs are Policemen Hall and Flem
ing.
Judge Graham's courtroom was crowded
with Friends of Judge-elect Fritz when the
noon hour arrived. Judge Graham intro
duced him with a few complimentary re
marks and when Judge Fritz arose to re
ply ho was loudly applauded. He thanked
Judge Graham for his kind words and
said he hoped when it came his turn to
leave the bench he would leave behind
him as clean a record as his predecessor.
A floral design was then handed to the
new Judge by his friends.
Prosecuting Attorney Wer.tworth
thanked the court for the courtesies ex
tended him and introduced his successor,
R. V. Whiting. Walter Gallagher, on be
half of the bar, made a speech compli
mentary to the retiring Judge and ex
pressing the good wishes of the bar to
the new Incumbent. John J. Groom re
tains his position as clerk of the Court and
the bailiffs are Sergeant Duncan and Po
liceman Conlon.
Judge Conlan succeeded "himself, but
Prosecuting Attorney Low retired to give
place to Charles L.. Weller, whom he in
troduced In a few well chosen words, at
the same time taking the opportunity to
thank the Judge for courtesies received.
John Rice retains his position as clerk of
the court and the bailiffs are Policemen
R. J. McGrayan and D. Owens. George
Kelly, the retiring bailiff, has occupied
the position for the past seven years, the
longest time on record, and during that
period he made many warm friends by
his efficiency and courtesy.
Judge Mogan also succeeded himself and
the proceedings were brief. Prosecuting
Attorney Joachimsen Introduced I. Har
ris, hlB successor, in a brief complimen
tary speech, and the Judge referred to
Joachlmsen's long years of faithful ser
vice as Judge. Fred Conway retains his
position as clerk and the bailiffs are Po
licemen Coughlln and Love.
The four Judges will probably meet In
bank to-day and draw lots for the long
and short terms.
Charles Peery. chief warrant and bond
clerk, and T. I. Fitzpatrick, John J.
Greeley and William G. Burke, his assist
ants, entered upon their du.les at noon
yesterday. The office will be kept open
day and night. In accordance with the
charter.
CORONER COLE MADE- A
TALK AND NEW RULES
AS the fire bell struck three times at
noon yesterday e.x-Coroner Hill
arose from his leather-padded ex
throne and greeted Coroner Cole
on his accession to office. The
new Coroner at once returned his
thajiks, aoid then admlnlstetred the
oatha of office to hla staff, as follows:
Peter J. McCormlck .' (reappolnted), chief
deputy: Patrick H. Flynn, Charles W.
Meehan and Michael J. Brown, deputies;
Emil Pohll, stenographer; John J. Flana
gan (reappointed), messenger; Dr. Leland,
autopsy surgeon.
As the new charter does not provide for
a matron or a Janitor, Matron Grace D.
Harris and Janitor Thomas Smith were
not reappolnted, but they will continue
In the performance of their duties until
the Board of Supervisors shall make the
necessary order and appropriation for the
fllllni? of those positions. Coroner Cole
aaid yesterday that he could not get along
without the services of a matron and a
Janitor, and he would insist in the name
of decency that the city should allow
THE SAN FRAXCISCa CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1900.
-"-'•"¦ — ~* v ., a short time only.
'%Z '« *¦'•- ' U ' It Kf^ & Son. and
fShtl v ami r..gh and medium gTad«
¦ AiacocntJ lex cash.
¦ :vr r; anS Weft. W Em» «L'l
¦ : Xeuniann Hamburg"; pro-
;. :. i-;s '.he best in S. F.; nearly
' -trui-iion: wonderful power !
• oe; value $6'"iO; to be sold j
:iT>C Market St., room 121. '
% this week, both on new and
nianos; clearance sale of last
E 3. DEWING CO.. Flood j
, ';. I Market tt?. |
". ,- upnprt, nearly new; at j
Room 10. Flood bldg.
<:; Bacrastento st.. ager.t for
A Hsllett & Davis pianos.
¦ \ nr.d Bpracer pianos. Spencer
Market et.
5-p«3al upright piano; a bar-
. .xter ft., corner fc'utter.
V ano, little Ufred, cheap for
r & t-te'.nway upright; pacrlflc*d.
a Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
\ t nprittot plar.o; only $C 0 cash;
t c«. [7U Market Ft.
:¦ ¦ arzlred; rented $3 per month.
PUOO Co.. SSG {{ayes et.
.: piano; nearly new; cbeap.
. R. 216 McAlllcter *t.
I nprUtbt: cheap. SCHMITZ. it
-•. . next Hib^rnia Bank.
...;:r.s, zithers, eld and new. 11.
palter, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ICRS i\U STORES— TO W&iT. ]
¦ | i Ift in the best retail portion of
• •. ! y JOHN PPORR, 40S Pine st. ?
r at Btor*, 983 Valencia street; busl- i
¦ . low rent.
>. 7:7 -Very choice, for rooms or of- :
tit .cry reasonable; sunny; please In- |
• "'"; „__ j
-: Mt**ion »t.; SSxSO; power available I
I lore, shoe or paper-box factory.
. ;:S— With bakers' oven; suitable for I
?..>n. Key at Z-j Sixth >t.
I'ARTXERS WAXTED.
i- uVF tr.rerest in paying and well eftab'lshe-d
! Dfl ; <-a7»ltal required, isno. SCHWEIN-
D & CO.. rooms 2-S. l^'TV: Market St.
I'KKSO.tALS.
BEAT twitch pale to-day only; all II E0
"V ¦)>--»• at H. G. LKDERKR. 12S Stockton. !
IGEH'B (.weepers are the N»*t and cheapest.
All klnis repaired and for eale at 542 Sutter.
:.EDEP.ER'S Quintonlca Is a perfect hair tonic.
3"c bet.; Lfderer's Fosmo ahampoo has no
«-C'jol.'*i" T>fcg: Lederer uses no other. UJ Stlrtn.
JOHN L BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No IM S-Jtter *t.. Lawn a Specialty.
San Franci«co, Cal. ; American' end Foreign
Bend for circular. Patents Solicited.
LEPEP.ER is par excellence, the hairdresser of
Francisco; latest styles only. 25c: mani-
curinf. S^c; massaging, $1; rood switches, $1;
f.r.e. $i U): open S'-n., 8 to 12 a. m. UJ Stktn.
X FINE suit to order $10 75, or pants $S 75; our
fp*"cia!ty In remnants allows us to sell cheaper
thaa ready tnade. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market n..
N't 7th and Sth. prop. One-price Tailoring:
; S3 Kt-arnv St.. near Sacto; dso 1644 Mar-
ket tt . under St, Nicholas.
PHJV'ATB detective work; reasonable rates: 10
yo&rs' rxperience; confidential. J. B. RAY,
i:3 Eddy sr
p IB t<-n day*, photos given Baxter can be re-
oovered. Address 104 Ninth *t.
i;«iLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oysters
my style. DAMITUES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth,
ELECTRIC lights in every loomf Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market; 100 rooms;
25c to' Jl 50 per n'.*ht; $1 SO to tS per week:
*ree 'bus end baggage to and from the ferry.
LEAPING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tuir.tn- make-up and wlps: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 753 Market st.
IF rou »ich 'ull value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEMAN buy* clcthing. bric-a-brac, tools.
CStrpeta, c.d Eold; tend for him. 60S Kearny.
BEST rrice for ca«-off clothinj and tric-a-
brac. H- MARKS, tre Third ft.; tend postal.
limst'TlNE CO.. hair FpecUl'.!»ts. grow hair
or o« pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf'g. O. NOLTE,
Jeweler. Hi OTarrrM. bet. Powell and Mamn.
tTAIIMERIN'O ccrrertea; br.ckleL J. WHITS-
H"KN. A. M.. PhD.. ISIS Linden. Oakland.
IIEAL ESTATE CITY FOB SALE.
AM SPECK & CO. 567 MARKET BT.
ALL GEN't'INE BARGAINS.
A— $l4J,H«. ; grani buy; near Chronicle; rents
tSZi nvt. '
A— t7S/*nv recta 540C0 per year; 6J-foot corner,
near Tlvoll.
A— -S^VvO: fine buy; 4-stcrj' brick; near Or-
theum; kit 36 feet front; all reined.
A— JSj.OOO; rents |<003 per year; s:ith-*t cor.
A—l3l,Pw;A — 131, Pw; business property; rents I2S0; new
bollljta*.
A— ?-' .OCO; rents t2 f^; new; all rented.
A—f<s.s'Xi;A — f<5.5'Xi; rents J135; corner on Lea\ - enworth
et. ; mortewre V2.OCU.
j tt*lfl>: rents 119C 1 ; business property; near
HEle's f-tore.
A— J7,'.«"i; rents f7S; 3 elegant flats; nr. Haight.
A— s6ooCi; rents JSP; Po«t et. ; 3 nice flats.
A— 54500; rents $40; California St.; 3 good flats.
I* to AT 17 50 to JlO per month; comfortable cot-
tage cf i>ur rooms and lot; chicken, pigeon
and other outbuildings; cne block from Fol-
t-nm-tX. electric car*; Spring Valley water;
tiled pink and stationary wa>h tub?: absolute
sacrifice. Apply to Owner, 1235 Conland aye.
(1200 — NEW cottage; four or six rooms and
bath; tar.k elot^t; tiled sink and stationary
v.a^h tray?; one to eight lots, near Mission
and 23th sts. ; ym buy absolutely for your
r«-nt money; tlO to 212 monthly: take cour-
age, be free ani your own landlord. P. A.
DOLAN; C 3; Market st.. upstairs, to the right.
ftt(>-LEVEL V.uiMir.g lot 2.ixSs: 'UVstern Addi-
tion, nt-nr .Scott er.d Tnion; big bargain. W.
F. McCLUBE. U Montgomery «t.
|IH> CTrtfl>i LEVEL; near F<-4som-»t. cars and
San Hruno aye. ; worth $DOO. W. F. Mc-
CLURE. Jl Montr cmtry st.
J37S<>— LOT and 3-story brick house; funny side
South Park, near Third St.; S rooms; alwj
large shop in r*ar yard. By W~M. HEN-
DRICKPON* A CO.. CT4 Call building.
NEW cottages. houe»s and flat? for sale on
Pierce and Waller Us., nrar Haight; over 30
houses Bold in fame block. Terms to salt by
F. NELSON, builder.
WANTED— Offer on h^us* of S rooms and bath,
lot 25x125. «>n Douglass st.; bargain if bought
*oon. rarticularp at IMS Fifth «.
FOR sale — Cheap, new 2-stcry houses; 7 rooms;
lat»it Improvements; Noe and Hill sts. ; near
Castro-st. n»n>: patent sldewaik.
REAL ESTATE-^lXTItr— rorJaU
>V LJST OF SPECIAL BARGAINS— When
e»r.dlng for my CATALOGUE always state
about what Is wanted — amount to Invest, etc.
I'll then also furnish a epeclally prepared list
of '•£NAP" bargains — near what you want,
not In catalogue. While I m«ke a special
feature of NAPA and SONOMA County
I iaces Tra personally acquainted with over
8000 ranches for «al« and exchange In Cali-
fornia—more than any other ten agents in
the State. I travel nearly all the time, ln-
epecting country property.
N. IX EICKELS. the LAND AGENT,
10 Geary et., opposite Chronicle bl£g.. S. F.
f.ANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farming and
stock lands; owner's sale In tracts of 5 to 500
acres; easy terms, or will exchange for San
FraacJoco property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS tnd G. C. VACHELL. 20 Monteomery
Bt-. btlnjejß 11 a, ra. and 2 p. m. dally.
YEP. tt x*r acre tsp; farm list; free fare. M.
GIUFrEN. 71<> Market St., riear Call building.
MILI-HP.AE lots tnd blocks: fenced: water
work*. ni'TTERFIELD. 527 Market at.
i:uu»s i-oit «.«ii >»:iviifc;i'ixG.
A— S LAROK Fimr.y front rooms, furnished com-
p}fU- for hrurfkfer'.r.g; folding beds; $S %-er
nicnth; furriture all new. Apply at shoe store.
r j£2 M'-sglon fci... bet. First and Second 6ts.
CLAY. S42i. ne.T Hflaiuf -2 larre unfurniourd
room?; yard; *nter; rear; rent f7.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and
reof-tved at Call branch office. 2220 FiUmore st.
GOLDEN GATE eve.7~64oZTwo connecting
rcnms. with kitchen; sunny corner.
GOLDEN .Gate aye.. 1410— FineFf furnished
floor; complete; sun. bath, yard.
HOWARD. sr—Two we.l lighted unfurnished
room* and basement, suitable fcr man and
wife; IS; In rear.
Mr-Al-LISTER. C7O-Private family; newly fur-
nli-lyd feunny front room for eentleman.
MINNA. 573— Large back parlor "and sunny
o '^ f,, r housekeeping; yard.
MISSION. MS— 2 neat coiine^ting^ rooms for
housekeeping; furnished complete.
THIRD. CJ— 3 unfurnleheil rooms" for house-
keeping; uce of bath and stationary tubs.
TJIREE furnished rooms; $12; su,\T. IS Lewis
off Taylcr. near Pc?t.
TWELFTH, 40—2 runny front connecting rooms
for housekeeping, jio.
TWELFTH. |ii_3 ( . T 3 eunny rooms ;Turnished
complete for housekeeping.
CLAFSiFini) arjvertiF»monts and subscripting
received £t Cail branch office. rWO Fillajort v-
ttOOMsjTO^T^Pnjg and Cnfnrn.
light housekeeping; open all night-
A h^m.l l F «^. ncl sco. Turk and Taylor sti .-
Hernelike hcuee; modern service; elevator-
bath: rooms ECc to $1 CO day. MRS. J. KING!
A fiont N rogm e ;-fu?n i Jh^ r . P °"' Et -^ e ™*'
BOHEMIA. 259 Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. sunny suites for gentlemen and families;
gpec. rates tourists; elevator; all conveniences.
HURNETT. 1426 Market et. (c)d No. 1364)-Fur- !
nlsned rtcs.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1406— Nice sunny bay-window
room, suitable for two gentlemen; pas and
use of bath.
CAKROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye— Sunny corner: well furn.; rtns. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
g received at Call branch office. KOO Flllmore st.
EDDY, 510 — Nicely furnished eunny rooms, from
$6 to $IL, to eentlemen.
FIFTEENTH. l£7o, near Mission— Furnished
roonia to rent.
GIRARD Hou.«e. 192 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms: day cr week; r— sonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. ClS— Newly furnished,
sunny rooms, scrupulously clean, from tS up;
fine alcove room with running 'vater; no sign.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle: ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HAIGHT. 100— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
FUitable for one or two gentlemen.'
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Setect family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 71&-200 eunny rooms: nicely fur-
nlshed; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. S2S— Clean, respectable; 25c-tl per
night; .1-13 per week: Howard cars to door.
HOWARD and Main, NE. comer — Two sunny,
newly funiiFhed rooms; bath; 55 month each.
MINNA. «:. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window rocm. Jl per week; transient.
MISSION. 654-Single furnlehed rooms; $5 per
month.
MISSION. Ml— Sunny suite. $10 a month; large
rooms. $2 a week.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. £04— Furnished bUtte; sunny rea-
sonable, to gentlemen.
PACIFIC, Xl— Nicely furnished front room to
1 or ! working women, $6 per month; private.
ROFEDALE. I*l Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
Be a nlßht; $1 a week; transient.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent light.
readlng-rocrn. smoking-room and ladies' par-
It r; rooms, per nipht. 33c to $1 DO; week, {2 to
IS: menth. tS to J3O; elevator on office floor;
reome with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, Eighth it.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
TEHAMA. 104— Front sunny room; rent rea-
eenable.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for pood people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
VAN NESS are., SOS— Elegant suite*, single
rooms and housekeeping suites; suitable for
doctor or dentist.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and eubscrirtions haa been opened
at 12-3 Pclk «t.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ICBS Va-
j lencla st.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
fubrrriptlons has been established at th»
northwest corner <if Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky stf. : open till i n. m.
A WEEK'S nerrs for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SPECIAL KOyCES.
LADIES — Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pllli
are the beet; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief fcr
Ladles," in letter by return r.:all; at drug-
gists. ChlcheFter Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from Ju'.y 1, 18?8, to Decem-
ber 31. jS^>: Arthur Vanler. 5 years: Charles
Vanler. 3: Frank Cryne. 4: Mary Canes*a, SH:
Peter Canessa. S'j: Joseph Burns. 3 5-6: Ger-
tie Mclaughlin. S 5-«: Pauline Smith. 5; I<=o-
r*l Smith. 2; Peter Reilly, 5; Gertie Bergin,
2; Christine Barn~F. 2 1 *; Fred Wtlkle. 3;
Frank Maeu're. • 5-12: Mary Muleahy, 3; An-
nita Greenwood. I: Laurence Bank. 2-4; John
I?<»rg!n. S; Francis Tarar.tino. 3: William Mof-
fatt 6; Mary McClellan. 6: Fred Suit. 2Vi;
Charles Pull, 1 1-3; Rose Herbert, 5.
NOTICE 1= hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage cf flO Lake st. has received the
followir.g crphan. half -orphan and aban-
doned girl* from October 1. 1&99. to January
1. IW: Nettle Moore, aged 12 years: Cecile
H. Williamson, aped 11 years; Irene Rennet,
»«re<l 11 year*: Vera C. Fatwr, a«*d 9 years;
Georrle C. Faber. aged 4 years: Bessie I.
L<»e, aged 7 years; Mab*l J. Lee, aged S years;
France* M. Kane, aired 2 years: Emily Johns-
ton, aged 5 years; Dorothea Johnston, aged
IS months.
DA WSON— Private mall leaves San Francisco
Jan. 14. and letters will be delivered In person
at Jl per letter if left with HOWARD, 101 St.
Ann's building. 6 Eddy Ft.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: cllections mnde;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41' M ¦nteomerv pt.. r^^Trs 9-10: tel. F,',W.
6EWIXG MACHINES A.\D SUPPLIES.
12 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bousrht. sold, exchanged, rented: re-
palrlr.g at lowest rates, gor, fourth «t.
STORAGE AND WAIIEIIOI'SES.
PTERCE-P.UDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713
WATCH HEPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. US Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL, ESTATE.
JI4'O— LOT 2CxI2J; cottage 5 rooms and bath;
ttreet work done: easy terms.
t22GO— Lot M>xl4s; fine cottage; 5 large rooms
and bath; worth $3jofl; only JlOO cash, balance
$20 per month; great fnap.
JJvKiO— lx>t 40x150; Morton St., between rail-
roads: near ptatlon and Fchool; handsome new
cottage of 7 rooms and bath; $COO and $25 per
month.
t2i'>o— Lot 3."xli«0; 2-«"tory house of 6 rooms and
bath; Aiameda aye.. near Morton-st. station;
e&fy terms.
$3500— Lot 40xlM; fine new 2-story house, 8
rooms and bath; Morton Bt.. near stations and
ech'xMs: fjOO cash. bala.noe $C 0 per month.
$36CiO— Lot Ttixl',o; on main avenue; cottage
8 rooms and bath; great bargain.
Houstra to let in all parts nf Aiameda.
H. P. MOREAL Sc CO..
1432 Park ft.. Aiameda. Cal.
A HOME — Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DENKE Sr.
1400 Webster et.. Aiameda.
A WEEK'S news for S cents. The Week'y Call,
IS paces. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY ROOMS.
"THE PLEASANTON." 2632 Durant aye.. near
university— Rooms with or without board;
young ladies preferred.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$50 CASH, $S 50 monthfy~lTu^>aid~forT'chicken
run. iy)x2oC; sandy loam coll; plenty of good
water; level land; Fite. climate and soil the
best; po fogg or cold winds; 3 buildings now
completed: Wefctall tract, adjoining East Oak-
land close to electric oar line, SC'-foot boule-
vard and fine school; price, all told, $590; call
or send fcr circular, 455 Seventh St., near
corner Broadway. Oakland; carriage free
HENRY 7.. JONES. Owner.
;?.OC— WILL sell quick for $4200; fine comer
residence; lot 45x175; S rooms; np to data.
E E. P.UNCE. OPS P.roadway. Oakland.
FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellbaas. the
furniture dealer. Ilth and Franklin. Oakland.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wittram PropelleiTcom-
pany. office and principal place of business,
IZ7 Market st.. tan Francisco.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting cf
the Board of Directors, held on the ISth day
cf December, 1899. an assessment (No. 7)) of
cne <1> cent per share was levied upoD the
capital rtock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this «e*eMment shall
remain unpaid on the Knd day of January.
1200, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment Is
made tfpfore. will be cold en the 12th day of
February. I-'*. '-° P a y the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HITO. Secretary.
X 27 Market it.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— DTvldenTNoTl (25 centTper
share) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, J27 Market st., on and after Monday,
January 15. 19C0. Transfer books will elost
on Tuesday, January 9. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 11 (*5 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of
the company, Xo. 327 Market St.. on and atter
Wednesday, January 10, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Saturday, January 6. 1900, at
1? o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Sec.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco— At a reg-ular meeting of the
board cf directors of this bank, held January
2, ISOO. a dividend was declared for the half
year ending December 31, 1599, at the rate of
eeven (7) per cent per annum, payable on
and after the 15th inst. Transfer books will
be clored from the 10th to the 15th Inst.. both
days Inclusive.
OEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
January 3, 1200 :
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 11
Geary Bt.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing: semi-annual dividends: • 3.60 per cent
per annum on term and 3 per cent per annum
en ordinary deposits, payable on and after
January ?. I^OO. KRNKFT BRAND. Sep.
FROrOSALS.
U S ENGINEER Office. Flood buildiner, San
Francisco. Cal.. January 4. 1900— Sealed pro-
posals for erecting double draw-span bridge,
approaches thereto and piers therefor, across
tidal canal at Frultvale aye., near Aiameda,
Cal.. will be revolved here until 12 noon, Feb-
ruary 10. 1900 Information on application.
W. H. lIEUER, Major. Engineers.
isAN FRANCISCO. Cal., December IS. IS9&—
Healed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 o" clock m.. January 12,
IPOO, and thfn opened, for construction of an
ordnance storehouse at Fort Point. Cal. Gov-
ernment reserves the right to reject or accept
any cr all bids In whole or in part. Prefer-
ence civen to articles of domestic production,
conditions of price and quality (including In
the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) being equal, and such preference
plven to articles of American production pro-
; <3uc»d on the Pacific Coast, to extent of con-
sumption required by the public service there.
InTorn.atlon furnished on application to un-
derslsned. Envelopes containing proposals
should ht endorsed "Proposals for Storehouse
at Fort Point, Cal.," and addressed by J. M.
MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster General.
Chief O. M.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
, John L. Harlinu and Catherine L. Carey 34-32
Otto A. H. Miller and Annie H. Hopf 24-21
Frank J. Moore and Everetta Johnson 26-19
Vincenzo Molinarl and Frances Pasqualo..2B-lS
Emil G. Kluge and Mary A. Schneider 55-51
Joseph W. Hayes and Marie Schurra 25-20
B. I>. Maxson and Delia F. Alexander 25-20
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Ulrth, marrla&e aiid death notices sent by
mall will nut be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
NORTON— In this city. January 4. 1900, to the
wife of P. H. Norton, a son.
MARRIED.
BrSH— LOCKYEß— December 30. 1599, Lewis
\V. Bush and Bertha Lockyer, both of Berke-
ley.
CASNER— MORRIS— In this city, January 7.
l»00. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Gussle Casner
and Jennie Berwin Morris, both of San Fran-
cisco.
DIESTERHEFT— THRUN— In this city, Janu-
ary 7, 1300, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Gottlieb Dlesterheft and Emilie Thrun, both
of Pan Francisco.
EMMERSON— CHRISTENSEN— In this city,
January S, 1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
lißlph W, Emmerson and Katherine E.
Chrlstensen. ¦
HEGLEJi— HADLEY— In Sacramento, January
3, 1900, by the Rev. C. Miel. Edwin C. H"Kler
of San Francisco and Bernice A. Hadley of
Santa Rosa.
MURPHY— SI'ATH— In this city, January 7.
lt'CO. by the Rev. J. lAie-ndelinij. Frank J.
Murphy and Mrs. Johanna S:>ath.
ROWLAND— KARSTENS— In this city. Janu-
ary 4, 1806, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, John
A. Rowland and Alice L. Karstens.
SCHWARTZ— BRESLAt:ER— lv this city. Jan-
uary 7, l&C'). by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Her-
old J. Schwartz and Estella Breslauer.
DIED.
Bluth. Adolph Johnston, Kate
Brown. William G. I^agrave, Joachim
Brandt. Q«orxe Mclilroy. Michael
«,'hrtstensen. Hans L. McLellan, Mary C.
Courtois. Marlus V. Muller. Franzlsco
Conway. Patrick Murray. Mary
Davey, Peter J. Nash. EUis
Davis. Pauline ' Packard. Howard F.
IX>lehanty. Edmond Parrish, Norman
Flnnlgan, Susan Raabe, Capt. George
Gaffney. Patrick M.- Sinnott, Eliza M.
Garry. Catherine Bpellmalt, James
Goldrlnc. Edwin F. Starr, Eliza J.
Grahman, Mrs. Jo- Sten?land, Mary
sephine Thode. Claus
Hansen. Christian M.
BLUTH-In Oakland. January 7. 1900. Adolph
Biuth, a native of Germany, aged 35 years.
BROWN— In this city, January 6, 1900, Wil-
liam Graham Brown, beloved husband of Jen-
nie Brown, and father of Hazel and Sidney
Brown, a native of Scotland.
ETTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tues-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets, un-
der the auspices of California Lodge No. 1,
F. and A. M. Remains at parlors of N. Gray
& Co., 641 Sacramento street. Interment pri-
vate. Cyuress Lawn Cemetery.
ASYLI.'M of Golden Gate Commandery No. 18,
K. T., 625 Sinter St.— Officers and members of
this commandery are hereby notiiied to as-
Eemble at the asylum thia day (Tuesday), at
1 o'clock. In full uniform, for the purpose of
acting as. escort at the funeral of our late
frater. Sir Oeorse Graham Brown. By order
of the Eminent Commander.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
BRANDT— In this city. January 6, 1900. George,
dearly beloved husband of Elise Brandt,
father of Mr?- Olta Hall, and grandfather
of George, Hilda and Hallen Hall, a native
of Altona, Germany.
(T? 1 Funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence, 31S Halght
Etreet. Interment Cypress Uwn Cemetery by
electric car, corner of Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
CHRISTENSEN— In this city. January 8. 1900.
Hans L. , beloved son of Mary Chrlstensen,
nn«l brother of Frank an«l Annie Christensen
and Mrs. Frank R. Gallagher, a native of
San Francleeo. aged 17 years and 20 days.
COURTOIS— In this city. January 7. 19<)0, Ma-
rius Vincent, beloved husbaiul of Annie Cour-
tois, and father of Louis and Horace Cour-
tois, a native, of France, aged 4l> years 6
months and 16 days.
O'FrieniJs and acaualntanres are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1210 Waller street, thence to I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
CONWAY— In this city, January 7, 1900. Patrick
Conway, beloved brother of Mrs. Eugene
Kelly, a native of Hlverstown, County Sllgo,
Ireland, aired 70 years.
C7Frlrnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a reaulem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
DAVEY— In this city, January T, 1900. Peter J.
Davey, beloved brother of Maria Batty and
Matt Davey, and cousin of Mrs. D. J. Moran
and Miss Maggie and B. J. Davey, a native
of Leltrtm. County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 28
years
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend* the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McManus, Seventh and Cas-
tro streets, Oakland, thence to the Church of
the Immaculate Conception, where a solemn
¦ requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DAVIS— In this city, January 8. 1900. Pauline,
beloved wife of Max Davis, and mother of
Mrs. Jesse Newbauer and Leo. Sylvlan and
Alvln Davis, a native of Salem. Or., aged
42 years 11 months and 8 days.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DELEHANTY— In this city, January 7, 1900,
Edmond Delehanty, late of Rio Vista, beloved
husband of Hanora Delehanty. and father of
Joseph. Mary. Annie. Ellen, Edward, Lizzie,
Kate and John Delehanty, a native of County
Tipperary, Ireland, aged 67 years. (New
York and Boston papers please copy.)
[?T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 402 Sanchea street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FINNIGAN— In this city, January 8, 1900, Susan
Flnnlgan. beloved sister of Peter Flnnlgan
a- native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 55
years.
GAFFNEY— In this olty. January 7, 1900, Pat-
rick M. GafTney. beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Oaffney. and father of Mohn P., James
P., Michael J.. Catherine and Annie Gaffney
a native of County Meath, Ireland, aged 63
years 11 months and 23 days. (Bridgeport,
Conn., and Aetorla, Or., papers please copy )
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 423H Clementina street, thence lo St.
Patrick's Church. Mission street, near Thlrdi
nt-NRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor* to Flannagran & Oall%?h4?).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMS (I3.
m Jnrtla at., opposite L ncaio dctao ji.
-¦-I Xclephoat SouJ» W.
13How much you can save by cash purchases until you try long enough
to prove its advantages. For quick sales to spot cash buyers we quote
a few prices that will help to explain what cash will do. If you want
more evidence try to sell large blocks of goods for cash and see who
will buy. This accounts for our ability to offer bargains continually. Tho
goods are all right.
FOLLOWING PRICES GOOD THIS WEEK OR UNTIL SOLO:
FLOUR — .
Whole Wheat. 10-lb sacks; each 17tf
Graham, 10-lb sacks: each ISo
Our S C. 8. Gold Label Flour, nothing finer
In the market at any price, quality guar-
anteed to please you. Try It at our risk;
this week. p«r bag — — 77c
0YS rp ERS—
Baltimore's choicest and fanciest extra
selects. Almost tho only ones In town. New
season's pack: Just arrived. Sultabla to
fry; 25 large oysters In small can; p*r
can' l*e
(0 extra large oysters In large- cans; per
can 2*c
FLAKE HOMINY—
Strictly fancy, white, regularly 4 lbs 250: tn
bulk to try. 3 Ib 9 10c
A full Blze wooden barrel for ......$3.00
CORN FLAKES—
In packages; we guarantee the quality. It
has no suoerlor as a breakfast dish. De!l-
clourt tor mixing with hot cakes; per pack-
ag» 5c
BUCKWHEAT—
Our strictly fancy, self-rlstng. qualtty guar-
anteed; 2-lb package 10c
10-lb bags, extra finest, quality guaranteed
equal to any: regularly &c; this week 23c
CRANBERRIES—
Best In market, per gallon... ~230
SNIDER'S CATSUP—
Per pint (250 sire, limit 7 bottles), per bot-
tle no
MACARONI—
Domestic. No. 3 size, box (5 lbs) 13c
SHREDDED COCOANUT—
In 1-lb cartons, S. C. S. brand, guaranteed
equal to Schepp's; regularly 20c; this week
, Uo
TJMBftEIXAS —
We are closing the S-blt kind this week at 2S
cents. Will that pay? Reduction* oa fla«
rain-proof umbrellas alsov
SHOES—
Wet weather shoes for Uttl* tota; 8, 5H at
60c; t. «4 at K>c; like you pay a dollar for
at credit stores; '.', 0' 2 at 13 to 1 at
95c. HKe you pay $1 50 for mostly.
6hocolate shoes—
Ladles' S, 6. 7, lace, stylish, at $1 00; to clo«».
button, small sizes. 1, l^j. 3. at 73c: new
spring stock Is coming; all broken lines &r*
going price not considered.
DRAPERY CRETONNE—
Or for lounge covers; oujrht to b« IS cents;
take your choice of patterns at 10 cents.
THE DIFFERENCE.
The only difference between our story and
others is we retail, that Is. we sell you any
quantity: so do other stores — but we retail at
piece and dozen prices as wanted, sometimes*
below trade values.
CASH STORE
Tha criglnal reliable and largest mall order
house. Ask for Catalogues, free.
25-27 Market St., near the Ferrj.
Phroso Is highly recommended as a face, lo-
tion. Sold by all druggists. •
finally nine of the twelve good men and
true agreed that $25,000 was a proper com
pensation for Mrs. Gladstone 8 loss, and
judgment was entered accordingly.
Church, South, on Bush street, near Oc
tavia. Rev. J. E. Moore, pastor of the
church, conducted the services. The fol
lowing friends acted as pallbearers: A,
E. Head. Jasper McDonald, Josr-ph M.
Quay, Homer b. King, Captain Bradford,
F. G. Drumm. W. J. Byrne and J. G. Fol
lansbee.
BARTENDER HARD WAS
FOUND DEAD IN BED
ttati BEEN OUT OF WOBK FOB A
LONG TTME.
Asphyxiated by Illuminating Gas and
Left Nothing to Indicate That
He Had Committed
Suicide.
Oscar Hard, a bartender by occupation,
was found dead in bed yesterday morning
in his room at 655 Pine street, having been
asphyxiated with illuminating gas.
The deceased had been out of work, for
some time and was destitute, and this
condition led to the belief that the unfor
tunate young man had taken his own life
In a fit of despondency. He was 34 years
of ace, a native 'of Switzerland and a
member of the Swiss Oesang Verein. Mrs.
Ellen Taylor, his landlady, had not seen
him since" last Friday and she did not then
notice anything unusual in his manner or
appearance. No writing was found in the
room that would throw any light on the
question of pulclde or accident.
A grold watch that had cost $90 and a
irold rinp recently sppti in Hard's posses
sion are mlsping. Coroner Col<» will hold
an Inquest at 10 o'clock this morning.
STRANGEST WAS
THIS OF LIFE'S
SAD HISTORIES
Jekyll and Hyde Were
in Meyers.
PRAYED WHILE WIFE STARVED
•
EXHOBTED AND BOBBED HIS
BENEFACTBESS.
When T7nder Arrest He Said He Had
Ever Dreaded the Insane
Asylum to Which He
Was Sent.
In the annals of the courts of San Fran
cisco there has probably never been a case
more worthy of the attention of the stu
dent of mental phenomena than was that
of Dr. I. L. Meyers, who was yesterday
committed to Agnews as insane. A short,
thin man, with a face withered as if by
mental decay rather than age, Meyers
came near realizing mentally the weird
Imagination of the Immortal Stevenson of
Jekyll and Hyde. A graduate of Heidel
berg, he speaks in elegant language.
Often, with tears streaming down his
face, he has held up ideal morality and
exhorted his hearers to lead a life of. un
selfishness.
Before him yesterday stood his half
starved wife and impoverished child, a
little girl barely 7 years old. On the face
of the wife were pity, dread and grief for
the wreck of one whose love was her only
possession except her little girl. She was
poorly clad; her thin shoes barely kept her
feet from the ground. However, she still
found no word of reproach for her hus
band, only pity and love.
Yet the Heidelberg graduate, the accom
plished physician, the spiritual exhorter,
the husband and father had failed to feed
his family, although he had in fifteen days
drawn from banks $600, which he had
taken from two trusting women who fol
lowed him here from the East— all the
money they had in the world— and had
left them penniless. He had made a prac
tice for years of uttering bogus checks,
when he had no money in the bank; he
had for years been robbing those who be
friended him. At last he was arrested.
He cast a pitiful glance at his attorney,
Henry P. Dimond, and said:
"And has it come to this at last— that I
must go to the insane asylum? All my
life I have dreaded this, and now the
blow Is about to fall."
A few nights ago Mrs. Meyer was
awakened by her husband, who was
bending over her and who had his hand
upon her throat. "It is better that you
and my little girl should die now," said
the husband, whose manner had always
been kind before. The wife made no
complaint. When Meyer was arrested he
had about him enough poison to have
killed a regiment. He nad a bottle of
cyanide of potassium in a pocket, a
package of arsenic in his stocking,
enough strychnine in another place to
have killed a host; other poisons lined his
clothes. For what purpose they were in
tended can only be guessed. There is a
mystery attending his recent life. During
the period when he was drawing large
sums from the bank he had no money for
his family. His wife said, with quiver
ing lip, "I did not want to trouble •my
poor husband when he was bo troubled
for money."
Checks as high as $150 and several
others nearly as large have come to
light, and all worthless and known to ba
worthless when they were given. "When
Meyer was asked why he did these things
he said: "As well ask the sun why it
rises; it was foreordained."
He confessed that he had forged deeds
and mortgages. All the time he was
holding religious meetings in his house.
He always hired a fine house and fur
nished it with belongings that were
owned by the two women who followed
him and who believed that he would in
vest their money profitably. He paid no
rent and was always on the move.
The offenses that led him into the
hands of the police were that he pledged
a hired horse and buggy to a pawnbroker;
that he got $50 on the horse and buggy
from John H. Leary of 503 Sutter street:
then he sold the same to J. W. Morsheaa
for $:*). He was arrested for crime and
for insanity, the officers reaching his
house at 632 Haight street at the same
time. Last night he slept at Agnews,
and three women, without one dollar In
the world and with no home, wondered
how they and the little girl who cried
herself to sleep for the loss of "papa"
were to exist.
The Right Place.
The right place for lunch and dinner, if you
want the best of everything in the market, ta
Zlnkar.d's. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•* I rwirl been a snfTerer for man y years
from nervtrasness with all its symptoms
and complications," writes Mrs. O. N.
Fisher, xB6i Lexington Axe., New York,
N. Y. " I was constantly going to see a
physician or purchasing medicine. In
toe spring of 1807 my husband induced
me to try Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion, After taking one bottle and fol-
lowing your advice I was so encouraged
that I took five more bottles, and then
stopped for several weeks as I felt so
touch better, but still I was not com-
pUtclj curti. I commenced taVipg it
•gain and felt that I was improving
faster than at erst. lam not now cross
and irritable, end t have a good color in
zay face | have also gained about ten
pounds in weight and one thousand
pounds of comfort, for I am a new
woman once more and your advice and
your I Favorite Prescription * is the cause
of it, coupled with the 'Pleasant Pellets'
which are not to be dispensed with. I
took eight bottles of the ' Prescription '
the laart time, making fourteen in all,
and will not take aoy more unless yon
so edviae, for I do not see as I need it."
y^— ¦ ¦ ¦ 1
Come Just to See
eiesam Premiums Given Free.
Great AmaiicaßliaporQsE Tea Ca.
Stores Everywhere,
xoo Stores.
BUBONIC PLAGUE SPREADING
IN HONOLULU AND MANILA
Houses Burned and Other Radical Steps
Taken to Stamp Out the Dreaded
Scourge.
HONOLULU. Jan. L— Seven additional
cases of plague have developed since last
advices, making thirteen cases all told
to date. Three cases were discovered on
the night of the 2Stb uIL. and four cases
have been reported during: the past forty
eight hours.
The Board of Health has decided to take
radical steps to stamp out the scourge.
A portion of the Infected district was
condemned and burned to the ground yes
terday. Three buildings and a large
warehouse were destroyed by fire. The
future policy of the health authorities
will be to destroy all infected buildings.
The presence of the plague in this city
Is commencing to worry the sugar men.
They have the idea that Hawaiian sugar
may be refused at United States ports
If shipped from Honolulu. To get around
this difficulty, the new crop may be
shipped from ports outside of Honolulu.
Kauai sugar can be shipped from Wai
mea. Maul sugar from Kahului and La
haina and Hawaii sugar from Hllo and
Mahukona. Honolulu being the one in
fected port. It is believed that the Fed
eral authorities will agree to this plan
and allow the marketing of the 1599 crop.
The transport Grant arrived off the har
bor early on the morning of the 28th, and
went away, after lying at anchor for an
hour. She took with her four days' news
paper files and a large quantity of mag
azines for two local news companies, the
captain refusing to wait till they were
Bent for. He had no coal to spare and
could not afford to burn it while he lay
at anchor.
The Grant has on board the Forty
eighth Infantry, which was bo long '.n
quarantine In San Francisco on account
of smallpox. Th« men had only Just got
out of Quarantine, In fact, when they
went on board the Grant, only to meet
another quarantine here. Colonel Duvall,
who Is in command, did not want any
more experience of the kind.
WASHINGTON, Jan. B.— The plague has
broken out in Manila beyond a doubt, as
appears from the following cablegram, re
ceived by Surgeon General Sternberg:
"MANILA, Jan. 6.— Three bubonic na
tives. GREENLEAF."
The signer 1b Colonel Greenleaf, assist
ant surgeon general and chief surgeon in
th« Philippines.
The first effect will probably to have a
quarantine laid upon the most rigid sani
tary regulations and this work wili be
undertaken by Colonel Greenleaf pending
the arrival at Manila of the marine hos
pital service officers now on the way.
General Sternberg says that Colonel
Greenleaf is exceptionally well fitted to
cope with the present emergency and he
has no doubt that the disease will soon
be stamped out. It is noted that the cases
of plague reported are confined to the na
tive class and tt Is said that It has been
the case in most of the cities of Asia
where the disease has appeared. It Is no
tably true of Hongkong, where it has ex
isted for many months without caus
ing considerable fatality among the
European population. It was probably
from Hongkong that the disease found its
way to Manila. The medical officers all
along have been on the watch to prevent
this, but owing to the closeness of Hong
kong to Manila and the large amount of
traffic carried on by native junks and
ecows the ultimate Introduction of the
disease into Manila was inevitable.
MANILA. Jan. B.— The bubonic plague
is yet sporadic. There have been six cases
and four deaths. Preparations are being
made to establish hospitals and quaran
tine. Great numbers of provincial natives
are coming to Manila, with whom the city
Is overcrowded, the increase In accommo
dations being Inadequate. The rice neces>-
Bary for foodstuffs is more expensive than
at any period during the last twelve years.
The plague is dangerous to the over
crowded, unfed and unwashed natives and
Chinese. Americans avoiding direct con
tact with the disease are safe.
A force of Filipinos charged twelve men
of the Third Cavalry, who were scouting
behind San Fernando de Laubon. One
trooper and three horses and carbines
were captured. The enemy fled. '
He Stole a Boat.
Steve Potter, a boy 20 years of age, wa3
arrested yesterday on a charge of grand
larceny. He Is accused of stealing a boat
from Julius E. Back. Alameda Creek,
which he- sold In San Rafael. After beinc
b«x>ked at the City Prison he was taken to
Oakland by Detectives Ryan and O'D«a.
\Then that tired feeling comes over you. drink
Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey.
Held for Criminal Assault.
A. S. Williams, petty officer on the Pen
sacola. was yesterday held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Mogan
in $2500 homls on a charge of criminal as
sault. The complaining witness was Mrs.
Pauline Kolbe of fils Jones street and tha
alleged assault was committed at her
home on November 2 last.
Hannan, the Murderer.
The case of H. J. Hannan, wanted for
murder in Greensburg. Pa., was called in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday, and Han
nan's attorney demanded an Immediate
hearing. Police Fergeant Colby, who
swore to the complaint charging Hannan
with being a fugitive from justice, was
called and testified that the papers for
Hannan's extradition were now before the
Governor, and the case was continued till
"Will Not Prosecute Him.
George H. Mayer, son of a tailor at 40
MontKomery street, who was arrested last
Friday by Detective Cody, was discharged
from custody yesterday. He had passed
thr^e worthless checks of the aggregate
value of $:ti on saloonkeepers, but they
refused to prosecute them. He has been
in trouble before and blames it all on his
stepmother, who, he says, wants to keep
him from getting his share of his moth
er's estate. His eldest brother married a
sister of his stepmother.
Capitalist Joseph Clark Buried.
Joseph Clark, the well-known mining
man and capitalist who died on January
6 In hi* room at th* Pacific Union Club,
¦was interred resterday in the Laurel Hill
Cemetery. The funeral services were
conducted In the Centenary M. E.
Farnham Is Gaining.
The Farnham-Boland contest continued
before Judge S*-awell yesterday. Up to
the noon hour the counting of ballots for
nine precincts had be«n concluded and
Faraham had gained eighteen votes. At
the noon hour an adjournment was taken,
and at the opening of the afternoon sit
ting argument as to whether or not
straight tickets on which the voter had
made an extra cross below the name of
the last candidate were admissible and
were k-gal votes was heard by the court.
Judge Seawell will decide the matter this
morning and the counting of ballots will
continue.
LAST night was the first opportunity
society has had since Melba be
came a memory to show itself in
all its plumes and plumpness, and
It filled the California Theater
snugly to welcome Emma Nevada with
much applause and many flowers. There
would be perhaps a more sincere compli
ment In more of the former and fewer of
the latter, but the polite enthusiasm was
sufficient to produce an encore for each
number, than which no more could be
asked. No, certainly no more.
Putting aside the favorable prejudice
that the audience had for Mme. Nevada
by reason of her antecedents, her singing
would undoubtedly have won her hearers
and given pleasure to even those most
difficult to please. Yet analyzed her voice
and method are variously deficient. Her
gifts are not great, nor does she use them
greatly, but within her limitations she
sings with charm and makes the very ut
most of the powers that she possesses.
She does not accomplish this, however,
with the virtue of taste, but rather by a
skill that at times approaches trickery.
Her mezza voce is pure, and she has the
faculty of producing tones that sound
iikf> the echo of a bell, but when she
drags the Ume in order to display this
quality one is forced if not to tolerate
either to forgive or condemn.
Mme. Nevada was at her pest In her
second number, "Travoushka, by Tschal
kowskv, and "La Fee aux Chansons, by
liemberp, both excellent songs. The for
mer was particularly interesting In Its
modernity and finely rendered. She again
gave pleasure in the "bhadow Dance,
from *Dinorah," though hardly adequate
in point of dramatic feeling. Her ren
dering, however, showed Bphool and was
well "ounded. The composition Itself has
c perennial Interest, which cannot be said
of the Bell Song, from "Lakme, which
was her first essay.
The encores were of Uttle Importance
either In themselves or In her singing of
them. They consisted of an English and
a German ballad, "Home, Sweet Home,"
and finally "The Mocking Bird." I sus
pect strongly that Mme. Nevada sang
"The Mocking Bird" when she was grad
uated at Mills College, for it seems to be
a favorite of hers, and I can divine no
other reason why It should be thus fea
tured by the diva as it was at her con
cert In the Alcazar fifteen years ago and
again last night. , _ ? _,
The pianist of the evening, Selden Platt.
Is limited in every direction, though par
ticularly I think by his youth. Mr. Blu
menberg, the 'cellist, however. Is a most
capable artist. He played some very in
teresting numbers with a remarkably
masterful style
Orpheum.
The Orpheum management presents
this week some attractions that prove
that there Is yet plenty of first-class ma
terial for first-class vaudeville, the kind
that the Orpheum has educated the peo
ple to demand. Among the new comers
John and Nellie McCarthy begin the pro
gramme In their entertaining sketch,
"The Wall Street Broker," which
abounds in clever dialogue and comic
duets. A new star In the field of dialect
appears In Charles A. Gardiner, whose
specialty is Tyrolean and Canadian
French. The latter Is a novelty and im
mediately "caught on," the recitation of
the hurricane on tho lake being an ar
tistic bit of work. Quaint are the Elinor
Sisters In George M. Cohan's sketch,
"Dangerous Mrs. Delaney." It Is refresh
ingly original, and so are the sisters.
The musical success of the evening is
Frank Latona, "the musical tramp.' His
performance on the one-stringed violin
of "The Miserere" from "Trovatore" and
the Intermezzo from "Cavalleria Rustl
cana" were, loudly encored, and the same
mark of appreciation was shown his
playing of "The Holy City" on the slide
trombone. Among the favorites of last
week are that charming singer and come
dienne, Dorothy Drew, Fougere. Thome
and Carleton in their funny skit, "The
Intruder," Billy Rice, the monologist, and
the eccentric Rozinos.
Alcazar.
The Alcazar was crowded last night,
when Madeline Lucette Ryley's farce
comedy, "The Mysterious Mr. Bugle," was
presented. It Is a clever sketch, full of
smart dialogue and humorous situations
The plot hinges upon the secret engage
ment of Betty Fondacre and Tom Pollln
ger to save Tom from being disinherited
by his grandmother for marrying till ha
reached the years of discretion. Tom gets
her to assume the name of Mrs. Bugle,
and as ho is Insanely jealous he Is con
stantly getting himself and others Into
trouble. It of course ends In satisfactory
explanations all round.
Miss Irene Everett assumed the part or
Betty and created a most favorable Im
pression. She is a native of this city and
has been playing successful engagements
with Frohman'a companies in the East.
She was last here with '•The Girl I Left
Behind Me" company. She has a hand
some stage presence and played her part
intelligently and cleverly. At the close of
the first act she was called before the
curtain and was the recipient of numerous
bouquets. Ernest Hastings as Tom Pol
linger, the Jealous lover, was in his ele
ment and was warmly applauded. Frank
Denlthorne as Allan Fondacre, a Journal
ist, and George P. Webster as Samuel
Tote, a stockbroker, were good. Frank
Opperman made a hit as Chickwell, a re
spectable valet, and Forrest Seabury was
equally successful as Bonaparte, a short
sighted boy. Miss Laura Crews as Julia
Fondacre gave another instance of her
versatility, and Miss Maria Howe as Mrs.
Louisa Tote was excellent.
Grand Opera-House.
"Stnbad," with its catchy music. Jing
ling rhymes and merry wit. continues to
charm good audiences at the Grand
Opera-house. Repetition has lessened
neither the enthusiasm of the players nor
the audience, and the operetta still goes
with all the snap and vigor of the Initial
production.
Columbia.
Hall Calne'B masterpiece, "The Chris
tian," began its last week at the Columbia
last night. There was a splendid audience,
which thoroughly appreciated tha many
good points of the play.
TivolL
"I/lttle 80-Peep" Is • enjoying a thinJ
week at the Tivoll Opera-house, and tha
Interest in that holiday extravaganza has
not diminished, Judging by the large audl
ence which crowded the theater last
evening. Ferris Hartman has a number
of new songs and Jokes, which are sure
to attract attention. The singing, dancers
and marches are up to the usual excellent
standard of that popular playhouse.
Alhambra.
"An Affair of Honor." which is being
produced by the Rentz-Santley Company
at the Alhambra, Is drawing well. A
number of clever specialties are presented
that arouse the laughter and applause of
the audience. The duel scene which Is
shown at the conclusion of the perform
ance is realistic.
Olympla.
The Olympla bill this week Is good.
Zoyarra, the globe artist, mada quite a
hit last night. La Mont and his sister
were well received. Cad Wilson continues
in her popularity, and all the other per
formers made favorable impressions.
Chutes.
Major Mite proved his versatility at the
Chutes theater last night by appearing as
an Irishman, carrying about a pair of
Galway whiskers and singing a song
about "I'm Done With Carrying the Mor
tar." He received no bricks In exchange,
but a number of encores. The Columbian
Four made their first appearance in San
Francisco and scored a hit. Harry De
Lain, the high barytone, appeared as a
French chanteuse. Claude Thardo told a
lot of new stories and sang several new
songs,' and the rest of the bill was excel
lent.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Salts for divorce have be«»n filed by
John J. Callaghan apainst Annie Cal
laghan. for intemperance: Bertha S«**v
man against Henry E. Seeman. for failure
to proxide: Jennie Barnum against Wil
liam H. Rarnum. for desertion, and John
Cecil BifFhnpp Stevenson against Mary
L. Stevenson, for desertion.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cur*. One do«e will etop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists.
JOLLY ROGER LUCKY.
Wins the Jackson Day Handicap at
New Orleans by a Fluke.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. B.— ln memory of
the battle of New Orleans, the Jackson
day handicap occupied a central position
In to-day's card, and was ona of the threa
race* which fell to the favorite. Jolly
Roger, the winner, was favored with th»
best of luck and managed to get through
the bunch in the last sixteenth, when th<?
case seemed hopeless. Weber rode Wol
hurst like a novice. With tha least help
from the boy the horse would have won
handily. Corlallla and Belle of Memphis
wero the other winning favorites. Weath
er fina and track fast. Results:
Six and a half furlongs, Cortallls won, Nel
lie Prince sceond. Uttle Billy third. Tlma.
1:22.
One mile. Belling, Arthur Behaa won. F'.ti
hugh wcond. Jc*Je third. Time. 1:42.
Six and a half furlongs. Bell« of Memphis
won. Bennevllle second. Blr Christopher third.
Time, 1:211,.
Jackson handicap, on* and a qnarter mllea.
Jolly Roger won, Wolhurst second. Laureate,
third. Time. 2:09.
One mile. Frangibble won. The Bobby «eo
ond. Tlckfal third. Time. 1:43.
EMMA NEVADA GIVEN A
VERY CORDIAL WELCOME
Smartly Gowned Audience Fills
the California Theater,
MRS. HUGH CAMERON
SERIOUSLY INJURED
OAKLAND. Jan. B.— A fractious horse,
a poor driver, a narrow roadway and an
electric car almost caused a triple tragedy
to-night. As It was, Mrs. Hugh Cameron.
wife of the well known real estate man,
was seriously injured about the chest. Bide
and knees; her husband was badly bruised
on the breast and shoulders, and Robert
Houghton had his left leg painfully huit.
The three victims were crossing the
Eighth street bridge in a buggy at tha
time of the accident. Mr. Cameron was
handling the reins and pulled to one side
as a car approached. Just at the critical
moment the horse became unmanageable
ar.d the driver got excited. The ujiiraaj
backed up, and the next Instant the t\iggy
was hit squarely by the car. All of the
ot.xupants of the rig were thrown out anb
the vehicle was converted into kindling
wood.
Cameron and Houghton managed to get
to their feet, but Mrs. Cameron s injuries
were so serious that they rendered her
unconscious. The police ambulance was
called and took the unfortunate trio to
the Receiving Hospital. Drs. Porter and
Dukes dressed their wounds, after which
Mr. Cameron took his wife to their home.
C 63 East Eighteenth street, in an ambu
lance. Houghton was able to go to his
residence at 913 Fifth avenue in a car
riage.
HANGS HERSELF IN JAIL.
Young Woman Arrested for Drunk-
ennesa Attempts Suicide.
Officer McQuane arrested a your.s
woman late last night at the corner of
California and Kearny streets and booked
her at the California-street station as a
drunk. The woman was in such a stats
of intoxication that she was unable to
give her name and was placed In the fe
male cell/ in company with Klttlo Wilson.
Shortly after being locked up tha woman
removed her leather belt and placed >t
around her throat, making tho end fast
to the cross bar of the cell. She then
raised her feet from the trround, and de
liberately strangled herself. At this mo
ment the Wilson woman, who had been
asleep when her companion was put In tha
cell, awoke, and. seeing the woman's dan
gerous position, screamed for help. Prison
Keeper White responded and released tha
belt from the bar, letting the woman
down. She was hurried to the City Re
ceiving Hospital, where an examination
showed that although the woman will re
cover, she had a narrow escape from
strangulation.
At the Receiving Hospital tha woman
was Identified as Annie Johnson.
WINS HER SUIT
AGAINST AGED
JOSEPH BOARDMAN
Mrs. Gladstone Ob
tains Judgment.
THE VERDICT FOR $25,000
END OP A CASE WHICH EXCITED
INTEREST IN TWO CITIES.
Elizabeth Gladstone has been awarded
Judgment against aged Joseph Boardman,
the Oakland millionaire, for $23,000 for
breach of promise. The Jury Impaneled
to try the case reached this verdict late
last evening. The announcement came as
a shock for the defendant and a surprise
for the spectators, while the stout and
matronly plaintiff was consumed with joy.
Immediately after the filing of the ver
dict A. R. Cotton, who represented Board
man, moved for a stay of execution, which
the court granted. A motion for a new
trial will soon be made, and in event of
its denial an appeal will be taken to the
Supreme Court.
Mrs. Gladstone's suit, which was
prompted by the defendant's action in
marrying a "girl of IS years, has attracted
considerable attention. It was alleged by
Mrs Gladstone that Mr. Boardman's first
wife* suggested, when she was on her
deathbed, that she (Mrs. Gladstone) mar
ry Mr. Boardman as soon as possible.
After Mrs. Boardman's death, Mrs. Glad
stone further averred, Boardman con
stantly begged her hand in marriage, and
finally, after Mrs. Boardman had been In
the grave for about six months, she con
sented. Subsequently Boardman met his
present wife, and the ceremony that bound
them established a cause of action for
Mrs. Gladstone. t ... »,.
The case has been on trial during tn*
past week before Judge Hunt. Witnesses
by the score were called, and the testi
mony closed when the white-haired de
fendant left the stand yesterday morning.
William Boardman, the defendant, ap
peared as the last witness in the case. The
old man. who recently took unto himself
a bride of 18 years, faltered on the way
to the stand, but finally reached It and
said that he did not know whether or not
he had said that Mrs. Gladstone proposed
marriage to him on the day she alleges
he proposed to her. Boardman was on
the stand but a short time, and when he
retired the plaintiffs attorneys made their
argument to the Jury. The defense fol
lowed. Judge Hunt gave his Instructions
and the Jury retired to deliberate or. a
verdict. The Jury deliberated several
hours before the verdict was reached, but
TANFORAN MANAGERS
ASKED TO APOLOGIZE
Corrigan's Assault on Milroy
May Cause a Racing War.
The California Jockey Club Calls the At
tention of the Western Turf Asso
ciation to the Matter.
ED CORRIGAN will be called to ac
count for the flood of abuse he
poured out last Saturday at Tan
foran Park against Secretary' it-
B. Milrcy of the Oakland track.
The California Jockey Club feels Itself
Insurted In the person of its secretary, and
does not propose to let the matter drop
as Quietly as the ex-master of Hawthorn*
would wleh.
All yesterday morning at the offices of
the California Jockey Club the attaches
confidently awaited the arrival of a note
containing the Information that the West
ern Turf Association had taken official
cognizance of the assault, apologizing for
It and promising an investigation. It Jid
rot come. During the afternoon it became
apparent that it had not been mailed. It
was decided by President Thomas H. Will
iams Jr. that the Western Turf Associa
tion needed a gentle reminder of its over
sight, and he sat down at once to dictate a
letter to Secretary K. H. Green of the
derelict association. It was mailed at
once.
In the letter Mi!roy*s assailant 1s re
ferred to as "Mr. Ed Corrigan. a horse
xnan racing on your track." Coupled with
the well-known fact that the ex-mat-ter f-f
Hawthorne is the real master at Tan
foran. this reference might be taken as a
bit of ?arcaem. Intended to slrik deeper
into the souls of the Western Turf Acso
ciation officials the feeling of slnfu'.nesa
for their omission.
The fact of the blasphemous assault on
Mllroy by Corrigan 1b pet forth, together
with the narace of those who witnessed
it, and the Tanforan people are reminded
that their rules provide penalties for the
use of vile language.
In conclusion the Western Turf Associa
tion was reminded in the letter that the
California Jockey Club was disappointed
in not having received the expected note
of ajK>logy for the occurrence. A prompt
reply was aeked. A copy of the letter to
Secretary Green was inclosed In an en
velope addressed to President Henry J.
Crocker.
This action of the California Jockey
Club paFFes the buck directly to the nom
inal managers of Tanforan track. It
leaves two courses open, either an apology
or 6ller.ee. An apology will hardly come,
for the reason that Corrigan was never
known to be manful enough to apologize
for anything, and — Corrigan Is practically
the whole Western Turf Association,
Henry 3. Crocker and others appearing to
the contrary. Even If Messrs. Crocker and
Green Insisted. Corrigan would hardly
consent, knowing as he does that it would
open the way to punish him for the In
fraction of rule 6 he put up for the benefit
of other fellows.
On the other hand, silence will be costly.
Refusal on the part of the Western Turf
Association to apologize for the bad con
duct of Corrigan and to investigate his
violation of his own rules will undoubt
edly result In a breaking off of the none
too friendly relations existing between the
two tracks. In that event the finish of
Corrigan and Tanforan can be seen with
out consulting the "dope" book.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1900.
TWENTY POLICEMEN ADDED
TO CHINATOWN DETAIL
Acting Chief of Police Biggy
Will Stop the Heathen War.
Highbinders Continue to Arrive and
the Most Serious Trouble Is Yet
to Come.
f\ CTTNG Chief of Police Biggy visited Chinatown last night
¦t~\. and after hearing the facts of the treacherous highbinder war
which has been in progress for the past month ordered twenty ex
tra policemen on the Chinatown detail to assist Sergeant Duke in
preventing, as far as possible, any more bloodshed. At present
there are six men detailed in the Chinese section of the city. The
additional twenty will commence duty this morning.
THE situation is beginning to look
very grave in Chinatown. Hop Sing
Tong men are flocking to this city
and nearly 100 of them arrived
within the last few days. When
their forces are sufficiently strong
to attack the Suey Sings the of
ficers predict an era of bloodshed
which will eclipse anything known in the
history of Chinese affairs in San Fran
cisco. Already four of their members
have fallen victims of their rivals' bullets,
while they have picked off but one man
of the Suey Sing Tong. According to the
code of tong procedure matters must be
evened up and only by the taking of life.
Since the beginning of the present dif
ficulty the Hop Sing Tong has experi
enced a decided disadvantage, due to the
absence of about one-half of its forces
from this city. Another event which
served to handicap the tong was the ar
rest and conviction of its secretary and
another leading murderer for carrying
concealed weapons. There are nearly 1300
Suey Sings in Chinatown, while the Hop
Sings muster but GOO. The reason for the
presence of so many Suey Sings la because
many of them are fishermen, who are em
ployed in the northern canneries during
the summer and who spend the winter in
San Francisco. The Hop Sings have been
afraid to strike a decisive blow against
their antagonists owing to this condition
of affairs. Consequently the war until
the present time has been one-sided and
the men of the weaker side have been
picked off as fast as the Suey Sing men
could find opportunity to commit murder.
A few days ago the Hop Sing Tong be
gan calling its men in from the country
towns, and when the line-up is equal on
both sides a merry war will begin. Act
ing Chief of Police Biggy visited China
town last night and Inquired into the con-
ditlon of affairs. He recognized the dan
ger and will use every precaution to pre
vent any further bloodshed. He informed
Sergeant Duke of his intention to Increase
his squad before he left Chinatown.
Fan Chat, who was shot early yesterday
morning in Washington alley, was a mem
ber of the Hop Sing Tong. He is still at
the Receiving Hospital and may recover.
The men who did the shooting are in the
tanks. Fan Chac formerly belonged to the
Suey Sings, at whose hands he nearly met
his death, but withdiew and joined tho
other tonp about two years ago. It is be
lieved that his switching from one order
to another actuated in part the plot
against his life.
A rumor was afloat that. Chat was shot
at because he gave information in the
murder case of the preceding night, but
the police arc disinclined to accept this
as truth. The two men arrested for his
murder at first claimed that they wens
occupants of the house in which they
were captured, but this has been proven
untrue. Chat positively refuses to Identify
the men or to assist in their conviction.
Last night a band of armed highbinders
lay in wait for a Chinaman in Spofiord
alley. Officers Herring, Davids and Con
ner were notified and charged upon the
place, but the wily hired murderers had.
received a tip that they were coming and
had made good their escape. Every Chlni
man is being searched, but few carry their
weapons around with them on the streets
The members of the respective tongs are
banded together in such a way that a
highbinder has but to step into any house
friendly to his tong and claim the use of
their weapons when he desires them. It
Is said by the police that there were fewer
Chinamen on the streets last night than
on any nlpht since the war began.
It is understood that at midnight the
highbinders effected a settlement by
which they will discontinue hostilities for
a few days, or until after their holidays.
¦¦m ; ' ' 2B:
•IB: ir p-/-r 2S
•Si 1 5 C 2H
jgi TOi 2B:
i boys' shirt waists g
•H3: y° u won 't fi p d these anywhere /ffi^ft|> rH3;
|mi else, our buyer was ambitious •*EB:
!^ri and gobbled up all that were of- y r j JiS:
;«S-i fered. we have them in 3 lots — ?ffii
•H3f fancy striped and checked in light, "^=*
iH3: medium and dark colors, nicely //M\^M\ 1I \ r^i
15: laundered, with square turn-down Mm/]WM\ } h 3§|
jg: collars, for ages 4to 12 years. P^PJuP P fl
15: lot no. I—loo dozen, 15c each J IS£
fjg: lot no. 2—20 dozen, 22c each |y T\ 3§l
•Jg: lot no. 3—203 — 20 dozen, 25c each 5Sr
j flannelettes §j
y at 5c per yard. iSj
• < tt->» 3300 yards of the new flannelettes, eelvare. a good towtl at 10c. on ml* :XI>J
'/O' light colors, pink and blue stripes, mill at 1« 2-3 c each. i--v.- '"—- •
0 « . ... . . . m • 25 Dlecps glass toweling, IT lncne* •t-t-.'
B. ends, all pretty colorings, good qual- w Jd e P wove/.elrage. heavy quality; ;Hk
• Hy, on sale to-<say at 5e per yart. former price 10c. plaid pattern caly; «
• xr\'' 2° pieces cashmere flannelettes, light on 3ale at G l-2c per yard. *TS*
JitJ: colors, stripes and checks. 10c grade. 50 pair white blankets, doubla bed «*•"»
* ¦on sale at 7 l-2c per yard. Blze. all wool, not the finest quality. ii 3
:tp: go dozen Turkish vowels, bleached. but a good blanket at the price; former JXtJ*
',1U), 1U) size 19x45 Inches, heavy quality, fast price J3.50: now $2.«j per pair. _. — »
jBI If we please you. tell others, if we don't, tell as. •£•$
ijg: - . :H£
jsj m'otler jS 3^ZZZ7ZZZZ*^^ fjji^r ijg
I7=r. likes." *"" — **««• ;i»;
•fa: |; + 935-947 Market Street. \. f 'JSi
14