before. the result Is known.
The Standard's military ; expert says: -
"Clip Drift appears to be just above Da
vids Graaf. By. holding this, point Lord
Rbberts has . penetrated I the «¦< Boer .', posi
tion, which extends from Magersfontetn
to Jacobsdal. , Any, Boer- forces that may
be at ; Jacobsdal have been isolated from
Cronje's main" body. The British com
mander canidevelOD his flank " attack
against the Boers'." left and. has a further
,polnt in his ¦ favor— the lino ' of ; retreat -of
the Boers, to ;^ liloemf ontein .being: inter
cepted. Through the ; gap , which ; French
holds - with some ' 8000 men • the ' Sixth ¦ and
he is strong enough at the same time to
hold Mag'ersfontein against Methuen, who
will then be able to proceed to the relief
of Kimberley. ,
The news of Lord . Roberts' move was
not given out until 11 o'clock last night. 1
but even at that hour the,' telegraph
boards at clubs ; and hotels were quickly
surrounded by crowds of men, who dis
cussed the new advance, which was felt
to bemarked by. a concentration of pur
pose, energy and rapidity .'.that augurs
well for events that are to follow. , i
The last official telegram received up to
an early hour ¦ this - morning was dated
CHICAGO, Feb. It— ""War with England should be the policy of this Govern
ment," said Governor Andrew D. Lee of South Dakota, "if the facts set
forth in ex-Consul Macrum's open letter issued to the American people are
found to be correct.
"This action of the British authorities at -Durban in tampering with mail
matter addressed to Mr. Macrum is damnable." the Governor continued, "and
an outrage against the rights of neutral powers. If the" facts as stated in that
letter are. true the American Government Instantly, should call Great Britain
to severe account. That means another war on our hands, I know, but war
GOV. LEE WOULD
WAR ON GREAT BRITAIN
is preferable to national dishonor. The spectacle of an American citizen, be he
In private or public life, having to sit idly by and. see his mall opened by an
official of a foreign power .is too humiliating for American blood to
stand."
Almost equally, as radical comments were made by several- of the leaders in
the anti-trust conference who. were shown the dispatch from Washington to
night Setting forth the experiences of the ex-Consul. All were emphatic in say
ing, that the. rights of citizens of neutral powers should be protected and that
England should.be condemned strongly for her high-handed methods.
heavy fire on the squadron,
which retired without supports,
and the Boers retired.
"Dundonald, with 700 mount
ed men, a field battery and the
First Royal Welsh Fusiliers, re
connoitered the high ground
which the enemy had been in the
habit of visiting. The enemy
evacuated it with the loss of two
men after slight resistance.
When the force retired on the
completion of the reconnois
sance the enemy returned in con
siderable numbers and kept up a
heavy rifle fire, wounding slight
ly Lieutenant G. Churchill of the
South African Light Horse.
Five men are missing."
The general commanding at
Rensberg reports that on Mon
day, February 12, he was at
tacked in force by the Boers.
Lieutenant Conyngham of the
Worcester Regiment was
wounded and has since died.
There were other casualties.
?
SIGNIFICANCE OF
THE NEW CAMPAIGN
LONDON. Feb. 15.-Lord Roberts has be
gun hi? operations against the Boer, army
between the Modder River and Kimber
ley by initiating a flanking movement,
which up to the present time has proven
successful. The drifts referred to in Lord
Roberts' official messages are all to the
east ol Methuen's camp on Modder River
and within the Free Ftate territory.
The flm move was made on Monday by
the mounted infantry brigade under Colo
nel Hannay. moving to Ramah. which, as
near as can be ascertained, is ten miles
almost due scuth of Jacobsdal.
On the same day General French, with a
large cavalry lorco, took Deklels Drift,
on Reit . River. »Ast of Modder River
camp, thus openhg the way of the Sixth
and Seventh divisi->ns under Kelly-Kenny
and Tucker, respectively.
French pushed ah»ad swiftly on -Tues
day, marching twenty-five miles, forcing
the passage of the Hcdder at Clip Drift,
and occupying the hills on the north bank
and capturing: the Boer laagerfe there. All
this was done within tr<j space of six
hours.
General Gordon with th* cavalry bri
gade eeized two other driits, Rondeval
and another between It and Clip Drift.
The two infantry divisions ire now fol
lowing up the cavalry advance. With this
huge British force thieatoning his. left
wing on a position stretching from Spyt
fontein by Masersfonteln and by Jacobs-
ley and James Bryce and decided to open
a permanent fund to carry on a vigorous
political propaganda for the principles
thus enunciated.
OLD BRITISH CAMP TAKEN.
LONDON; Febl 15.— A dispatch to the
Morning Post from Chieveley,- dated
Tuesday, confirms the report that parties
of Boers have occupied the old British
camp at Spearman's Farm. The corre
spondent, . who identified the wounded
Lieutenant ' Churchill . as the brother of
Winston Churchill, Bay§ he was shot
through the right leg.
Seventh divisions will 'advance and move
against the Boer flank." -
WHAT MOVEMENTS OF
LORD ROBERTS MEAN
LONDON, Feb. ; 15.— Spencer Wilkinson
ln;the Morning-Post.to-day says: .-; -_ .
,'¦ /'There is good news" to-day/ for a'" new
campaign has begun. The movements : of
Lord Roberts' are' a, practical illustration
of the principle of concentration of action
In * time and space.' ' Tho unexpected nre5
........ . . ¦ - . »• • « ' ' i
FORCES SEND OUT BY ROBERTS
CAPTURE FIVE BOER LAAGERS
Charles E. Ma
crum, Former
Consul to Pre
toria, Declares
That He Has
Been Turned
Down by Sec
retary of State
Hay.
So Many Americans
Were Joining the
I Boers and He Re
ceived Such Shab
by Treatment at the
Hands of the British
Censors That He
Decided to Return
and Make a Per
sonal Report.
WASHINGTON. Feb. H.-Tha fol
lowing signed statement waa
given out this evening by
Charles E. Macruzn, former
United States Consul to Pre-
toria:
"The. situation .hi Pretoria, was sue*»
that first, as an official. I could not re
main there while my Government at
home' was apparently in the dark as to
the exact conditions In South Africa. Sec
ondly, as a man and citizen of the United
States. l could not remain in Pretoria, Sac
rificing my own self-respect and that off
the people of Pretoria while the Govern
ment at home continued to leave me in
the position of a British Consul and not
an American Consul. I want to say right
here that there was not a single- request
made of me through the Department of
State looking to the care of British Inter
ests In Pretoria which I did not fulfill
and report upon according to my orders.
On the other hand. American Interests In
South Africa were In that condition
which demanded that the Department oC
State should be cognizant of them.
"I issued the statement received from
the State Department that Americans
must remain neutral. In the face of this
Americans were continually going' to the
front and taking up arms in the cause of
the Boers. I could not help but know
that many of these were citizens of th«
United States. I also knew that many
of them in utter despair at the attituda
of our own Government were taking tha
oath of allegiance to the Transvaal re
public "When affairs had reached that
state that my Vice Consul. Mr. Van Am
erlngen, closed up his business, took the
oath of allegiance to the republic and
went to the front as a burgher I thought
the time had come when I should maks
a report of these conditions.
"It was. over four weeks from the time
the war opened before I received a single
mall dispatch from my Government or a
personal letter. The mall for the Trans
vaal had all been stopped at Cape Town
by order of the High Commissioner. "When
this mall was finally forwarded to me af
ter Colonel Stowe. the Consul General at
Cape Town, had secured Its release I
had the humiliation, as the representa
tive of the American Government, of sit
ting In my office In Pretoria and looking
upon envelopes bearing the official seal
of the American Government opened and
officially sealed with a sticker notifying
me that the contents had been read by tha
censor at Durban.
"I looked up International law. but
failed to find anywhere that one military
power can use Its own discretion as to
forwarding the official dispatches of a
neutral Government to Its representative
In a besieged country.
"The. mall service from Delasroa Bay to
Europe was continually Interrupted by
the action of British men-of-war at that
port. The service was over two weeks
longer than by the west coast, and thera
¦were continual rumors that that port
would be closed and communication with
the outside world entirely cut off. Tha
cable service from the Transvaal was ab
solutely cut off, and I was privately In
formed by the Belgian and German Con
suls at Pretoria that their official cabled
In code to their Governments had been
refused by the censor. I filed one cable la
the Interest of an American In Pretoria,
which was refused absolutely by the cen
sor in Durban. .This cable I sent to th«
fiancee of a Mr. Nelson, an American
business man In Pretoria. She was on her
way to South Africa from Buffalo. >». T..
when the war broke out. According to a
letter which Mr. Nelson received just be
fore the war commenced she was buying
her trosseau in Europe. The cable re
quested her to come by the east coast.
When I Informed Mr. Nelson that tha
cable had not been sent his brother took
the oath of allegiance to the republic and
went to the front. But these an simply
minor details. The misrepresentations)
which had been going on before the war
and after It opened were of such a. serious
nature and would require such detailed
explanation that on the 6th of Xovember
I filed a cable to the department In coda
stating that I wished leave of absence In
order to visit the States. I set forth In
this cable that my Vice Consul had en«
listed In the Boer army; that a Mr. At.
terbury. an American whom I had known
favorably for more than a year, could
take charge of the office until my retiirn.
The Rapid and Brilliant
Work of French's Di
vision in the Taking of
Drifts Within the Or
ange Free State.
Campaign of the British Com
mander in Chief in the Direc
tion of Bloemfontein Is So Far
Successful, and Cronje Now
Faces Most Difficult Prob
lems.
LOXDOX, Feb. 14 (v:45
p. m .) — The War Office has
issued the following mes
sage from Lord Roberts, re
ceived this evening:
"Dekiel's Drift, Feb. 14, S:io
a. m. — General French left this
point at 1 1 '.30 yesterday morn
ing with three brigades of cav
alry, horse artillery and mounted
infantry, including several colo
nial contingents, in order to
seize a crossing of the Modder,
distant about twenty-five miles.
He reports by dispatch, dated
5:35 p. m., that he had forced ?.
passage at Clip Drift and has oc
cupied the hills north of the river,
capturing three of the. enemy s
laagers with their supplies, while
General Gordon, of the Fifteenth
Hussars, with his brigade, who
had. made, a feint at Rondeval
Drift, four miles west, has seized
it and another drift between it
and Clip Drift, together with two
more laagers.
"General French's perform-
ance is brilliant, considering the
excessive heat and a blinding
dust storm which raged during
the latter part of the day.
"Owing to the rapidity of his
movements General French met
with but slight opposition, his
losses being small. Lieutenant
Johnson of the Inniskilling Dra
goons is the only officer reported
severely wounded.
"The sixth division was last
night on the north bank of the
Reit at Waterval Drift, and is
moving to support the cavalry.
The seventh division is here and
will go on this afternoon.
'Tour officers and fifty-three
men had to be sent last evening
in the returning wagons to the
railway line, prostrated by heat
and exhaustion.
"The casualties were two
troopers killed, and Captain Ma
jesidie, of the Rifle Brigade,
wounded. He has since died.
One trooper was wounded."
The following dispatch has
been received at the War Office
from General Roberts:
"Reit River, Tuesday, Feb.
13. — Colonel Hannay, in com
mand of a brigade of mounted
infantry, marching from Orange
River to Ramah, had a slight en
gagement February 11 (Sun
day) with the Boers holding the
hills and threatening his right
flank. With a detached part of
his force Colonel Hannay de
tained the enemy while he
pushed his baggage and main
body through to Ramah. The
object of the march was success
fully carried out. Four men were
killed, twenty-two were wound-
Ed and thirteen are missing. v
General Buller sends a dis
patch from Chieveley, dated
Monday, February 12, saying:
"The commanding officer at
Springfield reports this morning
that a squadron of the First Dra
groons moving to the outpost
line covering: the right flank, met
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her-
aid. Copyrighted, 1900, by the New York
Herald tompany.
8:10 a. m. yesterday from Dekielsl Drift.
and marks the middle. of the operation
then in - progress. Krora Kelt .drifts to
those on the Modder Is twenty-five miles,
a lons march "for infantry. From the Mod
der drifts, a position from r which the
Boers, II they remain, can.be attached
must be made by a second march. Possi
bly there may toe no general, action until
Friday, and it may be Sunday or Monday
rial. Cronje in forced to decide whether
he will remain or retire. If he elects to
go Kimberley will be relieved at once.
If he chooses (o stay he will have to in
trench In his rear or his works will be
carried. If his rear is Intrenched he will
probably be held in checK in his present
position while Kimberley is relieved.
Lord Methucn, with his First division.
has apparently been left to hold the en
trenchments at MouMer River, but- Lord
Roberts has otitside of this three Infantry
divisions— the Sixth, Seventh and Ninth
tome ten batteries and a large number
of cavalry, mounted infantry and irregu
lar horse. Altogether his Torce must mus
ter about 37.000 men.
Should Cronje decide to take up a new
position against Roberts it is doubtful if
PBICE FIVE CE^TTS.
VOLUME LXXXYII-ISO. 77.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1900.
BRITISH CASUALTIES FOOT
UP NEARLY ELEVEN THOUSAND
ence of the Sixth Division makes Lord
Roberts stronger by 10,000 men than any
one had ventured to hope. Evidently he
ordered General MacDonald'B reconnols
sance to Koodoesberg In order to draw the
enemy's attention westward, away from
the contemplated move through the Free
State. The Boer army Is barred from the
direct route to Bloemfonteln. and even on
the road by Boshof It would be exposed
to a flank attack during the march.
General Cronje, on learning of Lord
Roberts' disposition on Tuesday and yes
terday, must have had an Interesting
problem. He had to consider whether to
hold on to his position at Jacobsdal at
Magersfonteln and to seize Klmberley, or
to raise the siege and move off— and if
so In what direction, whether to Bloem
fontein or northward across the Vaal.
"This event forms the brilliant opening
of a new campaign which Is being marked
by concentration of purpose and by an
energy and rapidity that augur well for
the future. The public must wait patient
ly for the result of these operations, re
membering that the distance to be cov
ered Is considerable and the heat great.
Possibly enough there may be no general
action until Friday."
PROTEST AGAINST THE
GOVERNMENT'S WAR POLICY
• LONDON, Feb. 14.— Supporters of the
Liberal party to .the number of 300 or 400
held a private .meeting at the West
minster Palace Hotel this afternoon to
protest against the Government's war
policy. Sir Wilfrid Lawson, M. P.; David
Lloyd-George, M. P.. and •C. Schrelner,
the husband of Mrs. Olive Schrdner, were
among: those present. The resolutions
adopted denounced the war as "a crime
and a blunder," committed at the Instiga
tion of irresponsible capitalists: demanded
the publication of the full correspondence
regarding, the Jameson raid: protested
against the increasing armaments, re
affirmed the . Liberals' gratitude to Sir
Henry Campbell-Bannerman,. John Mor-
a part}' of Boers "near Fusten
berg. The Boers, reaching the
crest of a hill first, opened a
LONDON, Feb. 14.— The total British casualty returns up to
to-night are: Officers killed, 152; wourded, 3S0; missing, 112.
Men killed, 1477; wounded, 5050; missing, 2781; other fa
talities reported, 563.
Grand total, 10,515.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLROOSEVELT TO FREE
AN INNOCENT MAN
Pardon for Samuel Jacobs, Whose
Daughter Proved He Was
Wrongfully Convicted.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— Governor Roose
velt to-night notified Miss Minnie Jacobs
that he would pardon her father, Samuel
Jacobs, now serving a term in Sing Sing
Prison, this wteek. Jacobs, who was a
saloon-keeper in Cleveland, was sentenced
to nrlHon for participation In a gold dust
swindle in New York City two years ago.
by which Max Bernstein was defrauded
out of $13,000. • ,
Miss Jacobs, convinced of her father's
innocence, hunted down Nathan Lacht
man, alias Hlrsch Koppelman. obtßlned a
confession from him exonerating Jacobs
and presented this to Governor Roosevelt,
who is about to issue a pardon.
MOLGAARD TOOK POISON.
Story of the Bobbery "Will Be Thor-
oughly Investigated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Feb. 14.— J. C. Molgaard, the
grocer, died by his own hands, but the
story of assault and robbery of Monday
Is Btlll "an 'deep, a mystery as- ever. Ac
cording to the verdict of the Coroner's
jury, death was caused by poison taken
in a fit of mental derangement, but even
though this Is a fact, there Is no conclu
sive proof that the man was not robbed.
Up to half an hour before his death Mol
gaard strictly maintained that he was as
saulted and relieved of several hundred
dollars, and since his demise there has
been no evidence to disprove his story-
His accounts with the firm, so far as
known, were practically all right. Mol
gaard was considered very conscientious
and was a temperate man.
Killed by His Son.
CHARLESTON, W. Va., Feb. 14.-C.
W. Stewart, grocer, died this morning
from the effects of a shot fired by his
son, aged 19. during a quarrel over a
valentine. .The son, who Is in Jail, says
he was protecting his mother from an
assault made upon her last night by his
father. Stewart had received an offensive
valentine and had accused his wife of
having sent it. '
PITTBBURO. Feb. 14.-The announce
ment in the papers to-day that the long
throatenrd clash of the steel kings had
been finally precipitated by H. C. Frick
i'.llng the widely heralded suit against
Andrew Carnegie and the Carnegie Steel
Company praying for an equitable ac
counting of the ex-chairman's etoclvhoiu
inps in the Kiaru ste«»l concern created a.
sensation in financial and manufacturing
circles here. The suit is regarded as the
most important ever filed in connection
with the Fteel business, and It Is said
more money Is at stake than in any legal
proceedings ever brought in this country
in which all the parties were simply citi
tphs. Steel manufacturers view the
trouble as a bitter personal struggle for
supremacy and are watching each move
with Intense Interest.
The ipgral talent called into action by
the suit is an array of the giants of the
profession in this State with luminaries
of national repute yet to be included.
On Mr. Frick> side are John G. John
son of Philadelphia. David L. Watson of
I'ittsburg and Willis F. McCook, for years
the personal counselor and intimate
friend of Mr. "Prick.
Strangely enough Attorney Watson is
the man who originally drew tip the now
lamous "Iron-clad agreement" for Andrew
Carnegie, which he has now been retained
to have declared invalid. It is said that
Jir. Watson spent the best part of three
months in drafting this Instrument and
declared that it was the strongest paper
of the kind he had ever formulated.
As yet little has come to light of trie
plans "made by Andrew Carnegie to de
fend his company's interests, although it
Is almost certain that iJalzell, Scott &
Gordon have been at work for days on the
defense. Prominent lawyers of NVw York
are mentioned as having been retained by
Mr. Carnegie, but Just who will really be
opposed to the legal array of Mr. Frick's
side cannot certainly be ascertained.
Andrew McCook said to-day that he
confidently expected the suit to come to
trial before midsummer an.d probably
much earlier.
At noon to-day no notice of the s>ult had
been served upon the defendants or their
counsel. Secretary Moreland of the Car
neg-ie Steel Company said that he had
not seen the bill and refused to talk about
It. When the company had anything to
give out. he said, it would come through
the regular channel. Dalzell. Scott &
Gordon, the defendants' counsel, were
equally reticent. President C. M. Schwab,
who is looked upon as Mr. Carnegie's per
sonal representative during his absence
from the city, left Washington. D. C, last
night. It is supposed that he 1s on his
way to see Mr. Carnegie, who Is at Dunge
"ness. Fernandlna, Fla.. visiting his sister
in-law. Mrs. Thomas M. Carnegie.
George Lauder, director and consulting
partner of the Carnegie company, who
stands very close to Mr. Carnegie, left
for the South a few days ago and is sup
posed to be with Mr. Carnegie at Dunge
ness.
FERNANDINA, Fla.. Fob. 14.— Andrew
Carnegie Is with his sister-in-law. Mr«.
Lucy Carnegie, at Dungenefis, on Cum
berland Island. An effort made to see Mr.
Carnegie failed. Colonel Page, manager
of Mrs. Carnegie's estate, informed the
reporter that Mr. Carnegie positively de
clined to be interviewed relative to the
suit filed against him In Plttsburgr by H.
C. Frick. Mr. Carnegie is visiting here
for rest and recuperaton and It is un
derstood that one of his attorneys is with
him at Dungeness. .''• :: .
&tot>« the Cou&h and Works) Off the Cold.
Laxitlve Brpmo^Qulnlne Tablets cure a cold
in one day. No cure, no - pay. Prica SSo. -
Bicyclists Fired at.
SANTA CRUZ. - Peb. ¦ 14.— Last nlsrht a«
two young men and two young ladles
¦were returning- from Capltola On bl
cycles a man in a bu«y deliberately shot
at them and hurriedly drove off without
giving an explanation. Luckily the bul*
let did not strike any of the paxty.
Sewer Farm Settlement
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WOODLAND. Feb. 14.— The City Trus
tees and the plaintiffs have practically
agrreed'upon the terms of the compromise
of the sewer farm cases. The plaintiffs
are to buy'the present sewer farm; agree
to bring no more damage suits and waive
all damages already awarded except 1500.
The city? Is to extend the system two and
a half miles to a site. In the tules. The
city is to have three years' time In which
to complete the -work:.' but arrangements
have already been made to complete it in
one year. - The taxpayers are pleased -with
the prospect that there will be no further
migration. - • •--- - -
Free Ferry Assured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLiAND, Feb. H.— The Tolo County
Board of Superivsors to-day adopted all
the orders, resolutions, contracts and
plans and specifications recently . passed
by the Sacramento Board of Supervisors
relating to the establishment .- of a free
' ferry between the two counties near Free
port. • Half the cost of the construction is
to be borne by each county, but Sacra
mento Is to pay two-thirds of the 'cost of
maintenance. There is a report that a
Sacramento attorney will bring- an Injunc
tion suit. with a view or defeating the ?n"
terprlse. ¦
MARTINIQUE STRIKERS
BECOME MORE RIOTOUS
Torch Applied to Plantations and
Planters Compelled to Aban-
don. Their Homes.
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique. Feb.
14.— A mot> of rioters yesterday at Rlvlerre
Sallee refused to hear Senator . Knight.
who la favorably disposed toward their
cause. At midnight the plantations iof
La Cocotte and ChamDlgny were fired.
News has been received from Paris an
nounclng that the garrison is to be rein
forced and that the French cruiser Sachet
is on her way here. *
The situation grows worse rather than
better, In spite of the concessions by the
employers. Work is stopped, and the
strikers, urged on by their ringleaders,
are becoming- more menacing and exact-
In K.
M. Hayott. a prominent planter at
Fellfbourg, with his family, has arrived
here, abandoning; his effects and planta
tion. There are more than 20W rioters m
the Petltbourg district, and as there Is a
considerable supply of liquor accessible
it is feared that the night will witnesi
scenes of. violence.
The Governor having declared himself
unable to afford the aeslred protection,
the commandant made an urgent appeal.
and at 6 o'clock: this evening the entire
local brigade of gendarme, waa called Into
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of tne Disease.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
; All Qtner Treatments Faile l
to Even Help.
There has been discovered by the Etate
M«-<3lc«l Institute. 203 Klektron Imlldlr-e. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. the most remarkable Blood Poison
care erer tit-e.nl at. It has cured all vuch In-
<;:c.i.tionB at mucous patches In the mouth.
¦ tore lhroa.l, copper colored spots, chancres,
. ulcer&llona on the body and In hundreds of
uk» » here the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole ckln wan a man of bolls.'
pimple* and ulcers this wonderful specific has'
conn-lady changed the whole body into a'
dun, perfect condition of physical health.
Every railroad running into Fort Wayne brines'
scores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel.
cut cure and to enable throe wno cannot. travel
to realla* what a truly marvelous work the In-
ctltute If accomplishing they.wlU eend free to
every euSerer a free trial treatment so that'
-every doe can cure themselves In the privacy
of their own home. This Is the only known
rar* for lliooi Poison. Do not hesitate to I
write at one* and the rree trial will be tent
m*h Itjfl la rlatn r**i*V*sr* ..... ~ . j
DO YOU FEEL
Such is the feellns; of those who are on the
verge of Nervous Prostration. Such a fading
Indicates Nerve Weakness or Nervotia Exhaus-
tion. Loss of appetite, sleeplessness, dizzy
spells, these are other indications of impending
danger. Hudyan will save you: Hudyan will
rmore you to perfect health.
Have you headaches (E"lg. 1); hollow eyes or
dark circles under eyes (Fig. 2): t pale or ema-
ciated face <F"lr. 3); coated tongue (Flff. 4): pal-
pitation of heart (Fig. 5): impaired digestion
(Fig. <)? If so take Hutljan, by all means.
Hudyan will restore to you the glow of
health. Hudyan will relieje any and all of
the above symptoms. HuJyan will make you
strong.
Activity, enemy, cheerfulness, a rood diges-
tion— all these belong to you if your nerves are
strong-. Hudyan will gfve you these, for Hud-
yan strengthens the njrfes and nerve centers.
Hudyan creates rosy cheeks and bright eyes.
Hudyan is for men ana women, it is agree-
able to take. agrreeAble in its effect. Hudyan
possesses peculiar curative powers that belong
to no other remedy. .
Hudyan Is for «ale toy druggists — BOe a pack-
age or six package' for 12 SO.
If your druggist does not keep Hudym. aaad
direct to the /.
HUD VAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Elllsj and Market StweU,
SAN* 7JULXCISCO. CAL.
t consult "t Commit P- • th«
FREer I tto**™* o **™ Dwttn. Coll
„ X ¦ > •*> writ* toth.n.
REGULAR SERVICE
TO PHILIPPINES
Transports Will Make
81-Monthiy Trips.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.— The following
cablegram has been received at the Navy
Department from Admiral Watson at
Cavlte: -
"General Kobbe gives great and well
earned credit to Rodgers and the whole
naval force which took part in the ¦ com
bined expedition to Southern Luzon, Ca
tanduante, Sainar and L#eyte. Rodgere
commends _ Moore, ' commanding the Hel
ena; Gllpin, commanding the Marlveles;
Reynolds, Oliver, Moore, Castleman and
Cadet Evans. Gllpin was wounded by
fragments of a Colt gun mechanism in
terior explosion February- 1- -during the
capture of Tacloban. , He Is nearly ready
for duty." . , - -";
Acting, on the recommendation of Quar
termaster General Ludlngton. the Secre
tary of War has. ordered the establish
ment of a bi-monthly transport -system
between Sa-n Francisco and Manila. This
action is due to the heavy traffic between
the points caused by the active military
operations In the Philippines and is
prompted by a desire to leave nothing un
done that will . contribute to the health
and comfort of the troops In the Islands.-
The service will be started by the troop
ship Sherman, which will leave San Fran
clsco for Manila on the 15th or 16th lnst.,
to be followed at regular Intervals „of
about fifteen days by other large ships of
the Pacific transport fleet, Including .the
Sheridan, Grant, Logan, Thomas and
Meade. The authorities are also now con
sidering the advisability of establishing a
monthly service <Jn similar lines bet-ween
New York and Manila over the Mediter
ranean and Suez route.
ATCHISON. Kans.. Feb. 14.-Captaln
Ralph Ingails, son of ex-United States
Senator John J. Ingails, to*day received
orders from the War Department to re
port at San Francisco at once. Captain
Ingails has desired to go to the ' Philip
pines, and it Is believed he will ' be sent
there in the service, although he has not
been assigned to any: regiment.
WOMEN FIGHT
WITH HAT PINS
Duel in Which a Nose
Is Bitten Off.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyrighted. 1300, by the New York
Herald Company.
PARIS.' Feb. 14.— Marie Guerln of Mar
seilles and a rival girl from Bordeaux
both frequented oafos In the evenings
with the sequel that a dispute was de
cided by a duel. Each had seconds.
When Marie's second gave the signal to
commence both women had taken oil* their
hats and used hat pins, considered a regu
lar Paris weapon. Their skirts were
tucked up to give freedom of movement.
The Bordelais was bigger and stronger.
Both rolled about in thetstreet, fighting
like demons. They were surrounded by
an admiring crowd. Marie, finding her
self getting beaten, pretended to run
away, but suddenly turned and sprang at
her adversary, who 'was receiving con
gratulations of victory. They clinched
and Marie bit off her adversary's nose.
The combatants were separated and every
one tried to find the nose.
"It's not necessary, I've swallowed It."
said Marie. ,
Yesterday she was sentenced to eight
een months in prison. The sentence waa
severe because this was a repetition of an
offense some time ago, when Marie had
bitten very severely a man on the arm.
PARTISANSHIP AT
THE CONFERENCE
Anti-Trust Delegates in
a Furor.
CHICAGO. Feb. 14.-^Stormy scenes
characterized the sessions of the National
Anti-Trust Conference preceding the final
adjournment to-night. The climax came
when Delegate Joseph Parker, a middle
of-the-road Populist, surprised the con
ference with a resolution pledging the
delegates to vote for no party that did
not stand for Government ownership and
the principle of direct legislation. Tho
Democratic leaders Interpreted this as
an attack on W. J. Bryan and were on
their feet in an instant to block the move.
A score of delegates took the floor and all
tried to talk at tho same time. -
"You must not stifle free speech here,
was shouted. •
"Everybody must be heard, came from
a delegate in the gallery.
Chairman Monnett was in doubt as to
what to do. Disorder reigned for ten min
utes and then Chairman Monnett used the
gavel and temporarily adjourned the con
vention. ,• , , ,¦
Another whirl of excitement took place
after the reading of the report of the
committee on resolutions, when Delegate
Quinn of Illinois offered an amendment to
the declaration of principles calling for
the repeal Of all laws sustaining the right
of citizens to private property, with a
view to giving every citizen a free home.
A long wrangle ensued over the disposi
tion of the amendment. Captain W. P.
Black. Tom L. Johnson and others ap
pealed to Qulnn to withdraw the amend
ment, but he refused.
After much discussion, during which
Quinn was denounced as a disturber by
delegates on the stage, Chairman Monnett
-put the motion to adopt the report.- Ho
was in doubt and two ballots were taken.
Finally he declared the report of the com
mittee adopted, and the ruling caused a
thundex of disapproval. Delegate Qulnn
during the uproar appealed from the deci
sion of the chair and his motion was sec
onded The vote was put and Chairman
Monnett was sustained by a large major
ity •
A strong attempt was made at the con
ference to-day to offset the partisan effect
of the resolutions adopted yesterday, de
nouncing the pending currency bill. Frank
B. Monnett, permanent chairman of the
conference, made a speech In which he
declared that the movement for public
ownership of public utilities was being
carried on by the Republican party, as
well as by the Democratic party.
"In the Republican Northwest." said he.
"6» per cent of the public utilities are
owned by the public, whereas in the many
Southern Democratic States less than 5
per cent are so owned. I would remind
the convention that Ohio, which Is the
State of the President, is also the State of
the author of the Sherman anti-trust act.
If we have an Attorney General Griffgn
we also had an Attorney General Olney."
The; convention .was enlivened also by
an attack by Professor Bemis on. "Uni
versities Whose Endowments Come From
Tryst Magnates." The professors in these
institutions, said the ex-professor of po
litical economy at . Chicago University.
"do their best, but cannot overcome this
handicap." As a remedy- he advocated the
establishment through tho State Legislat
ure of chairs In State universities devoted
to the study of the trust question. ¦
A number of set speeches were heard at
the morning and afternoon sessions, and
the nieht session, which wound up the
three days' conference, heard as many of
the remaining speeches as could be read
In the time that was left. ..
In reply to this dispatch, which was for
warded without delay, I received from the
department a reply advising that my pres
ence at Pretoria was important to public
interests. On the gth -I telegraphed again
acknowledging the receipt of the cable,
advising the department that the situa
tion was not critical, that Mr. Atterbury
was competent and that my presence in
America was Important. No reply was
received and I wired again on the 11th,
etaxing that no reply had been received
*nd again urged a favorable reply. No
reply was received to this. On the 14th
of November I again wired the depart
ment, stating that I could not leave with
out permission; that I would forfeit my
post if the reasons which J would make
to the department did not prove satisfac
tory. The cable was delayed by the cen
sor until the 2d of December, when I had
advices that It had just been forwarded.
On the lMh of November I again filed a
cable, stating that three of my cables had
been unanswered and stating that a sub
stitute would answer as Consul during my
absence, and requested a reply. To this I
received a reply immediately, which was
a reiteration of the reply to my first
cable. Upon receipt of this reply, which
was on the 20th of November. I imme
diately wrote to the department accepting
the refusal to grant my leave and stating
In that letter that I would abide by the
decision of the department and attempt
to convey an Intelligent idea for the de
partment's guidance of the conditions
there In mail dispatches. On the 4th of
December I received a reply from the de
partment to my cablegram of the 14th,
which I had been Informed two days pre
viously had just been forwarded. It read
a? follows:
" 'You may come home. Put Atterbury
temporarily in charge. Department will
send mail from here.' This was signed
'Hay.' Thereupon I cabled the depart
ment as follows: 'Sail lsth, by Naples."
"This cablegram was sent on the 6th,
and in the meantime I prepared to go. A
few days later I received a telegram
from Mr. Hollls, Consul at Delagoa Bay,
stating that he had been instructed to
come to Pretoria to take charge of my
office during my absence, and until a
man should arrive from Washington. Mr.
'Hollls arrived on the 14th of December
and was thoroughly posted In the routine
of the office, and I introduced him to the
heads of all Government departments
and to my consular colleagues. I left
Pretoria the night of December 16. I
¦went straight to Paris, notified the de
partment of m>' presence there while
waiting for the American line boat to sail
for New York. I arrived in Washington
on Monday, February 5, and reported to
Assistant Secretary Hill of the State De
partment, who officially informed me that
Secretary Hay's son had been appointed
in my place and that he was on his way
to Pretoria.
"I appreciated the seriousness of the
conditions in South Africa to the extent
that on my way to Washington, believing
that I was Btlll the Consul in Pretoria. I
refused to make • any statement that
would In any way Involve the department
or embarrass it. My one object was to
lay the information before the depart
ment as to the true state of affairs In
South Africa. If the department thought
these facts were of value sufficient to
warrant the expense of the trip I had
taken I expected to be remunerated and
return to Pretoria, leaving the department
to act as It saw fit upon the facts which
I laid before it. ,-¦;¦•¦•
"Instead of this I find that Secretary
Hay. whether actini? upon the reports In
the newspapers, or upon advice from the
British Government, or some other mo
tive, I dorf't know, saw fit not to wait
until I could present my reasons in per
son, and has been a silent or conniving
partner to discrediting reports of my
official acte. I come home to find an at
tempt has been made tt> tear down my
personal reputation. I wish to state right
here that when I accepted my, post as
Consul I knew nothing of any secret al
liance between America and Great Brit
ain, and that I had seen nothing in the
regulations which made the Consul of the
American republic subject to the whims
and caprices of .an English military cen
sor at Durban. I came to America with
a motive of which I am not ashamed.
"There is not one soul who can point to
a slnple official act of mine which depart
ed from the strictest neutrality. My con
fidential dispatches to the department
contained information which will show
my sympathy for the republic, but which
time will prove to be unbiased as to ac
tual facts. My acts as a public officer
are all recorded at the department. My
acts now as a private man can in no
way involve the public service, and I sim
ply make this statement In my own de
fense as against those which have come
from the department, secretly and offi
cially. CHARLES E. MACRUM."
ACTIVITY OF BOERS
AROUND LADYSMITH
LONDON, Feb. 15.— The Dally Telegraph
has received the following-, dated Tues
day, from Its 1 special correspondent at
Frere: ':<-:¦:
"On Sunday the Boers advanced down
the Ladysmith road toward Potglettr?.
Three hundred horsemen, with others,
proceeded to a point where they began to
construct new rows of trenches at right
angles to the road. This was about two
miles north of the drift.
"A party of Boers also crossed the Tu
j?ela, now very low, about six miles be
low Potgeiters Drift, where they sniped
the South African Light Horse, who re
pulsed them.
"Several other skirmishes have taken
place, and the Boers are evidently . anx
ious about their positions. They have
been throwing up defensive works from
Trichards Drift and the Spion Kop range
eastward to the Hianrwana and Monte
Cristo hills, both on this side of the Tu
gela. They have also two, if not three,
wooden bridges spanning the Tugela in
the bend, and a wire rope apparatus for
the conveyance of food and ammunition
across the river."
Lady Wilson Wounded.
LONDON, Feb. 15.— The Daily Chronicle
publishes the following; dispatch from
Mafekinp, dated January 29:
"The Boers shelled the ¦women's laa&er
for two hours on Saturday.. January 27.
Boer women, warned by spies, evidently,
went Into the trenches, clapped their
hands and hurrahed when the shells fell
near the English women. Lady Sarah
Wilson was «lijrhtly wounded. Major
Gould-Adams and Captain Wilson re
ceived wounds from shell fragments."
AN ALARMIST PUNISHED.
LADYSMITH. Thursday, Feb. B.— H. C.
Foss, a resident of Ladyßmith, has bc-tn
court-martialed and sentenced to a year's
imprisonment at hard labor for circulating
false reports calculated to discourage the
troops and for advising: soldiers to desert.
Mr. Fobs, who is a native of Natal, re
sided for some time' In the Free State
He has been twice warned for asserting
that the garrison was on the eve of star
vation and capture.
PLUMER'S ADVANCE CHECKED.
LON^DON, Feb. 14.— Advices from Ga
berones dated February 4 saya: "The ar.
tlllery duel between Colonel Plumer's
force and 500 Boerfi continued until to
day, when the British dropped two eheils
into the Boer fort. The Boer guns have
Blnce been silent. Colonel Plumer's ad
vance has been checked by floods."
DAVIS IS RETURNING.
LOURENZO MARQUEZ. Monday. Feb.
12.-Webßter Davla, United States Assist
ant -Secretary of the Interior, has arrived
here from Pretoria and sails on the
steamer Kanseler, via Naples, on his way
home.
FOR THE BELIEF FUND.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— The New York
general committee of the Transvaal War
Relief Fund ha* raised so far $12.90)
which- will. be forwarded to London to be
applied to the Lord. Mayor's fund.
THE LATE JOHN T. PORTER.
9~* $-f-®-+-Q-+~s-+-Q-+-<s-+-®~*-9
WATSONVILLE, Feb. 14.-John
T. Porter, a pioneer resident of
Pajaro Valley, died at his resi
dence, in Pajaro. at 11:30 o'clock
last night. His health had been
failing for some time, but on Friday last
he was stricken with paralysis, which
caused his death.
John T. Porter was born in Duxbury,
Mass.. in 1830. When gold was discovered
In California he sailed from Boston to the
new El Dorado, and was among the many
daring spirits who tempted fortune in the
Golden West. He was not a stranger to
the Vicissitudes of life and experienced
the ups. and downe of the pioneer's ca
reer.
.He came to Santa Cruz County in 1834
and, engaged In mercantile and agricul
tural ¦ pursuits. In 1856 he was elected
Sheriff at the time when the county was
infested with disreputable criminals.
During the two terms he held the office
of Sheriff John T. Porter brought many of
the outlaws to justice ami inspired tho
rest with ' a wholesome respect for the
law. Mr. Porter was appointed Collector
of the port of Monterey by President Lin
cdln and discharged the duties of that
office most creditably until 1565, when he
resumed business. He was a manager of
the State Insane Asylum at Agnews for
several year 3 and his last public office,
was Supervisor of Pajaro Township, Mon
terey County. It can be truthfully said of
him that he was faithful to every trust
reposed in him. He was a stanch Repub
lican and was always a safe adviser in
the councils of his party.
Mr. Porter had large landed interests
In various parts of the State, and he was
recognized' as one of the prominent finan
ciers of the county. He was one of the
founders of the Pajaro Valley Bank, and
was president of that Institution at the
time of his death.
He has been peculiarly happy In his do
mestic relations, and his closing hours
were poothed by the tender ministrations
of a devoted wife, his son. Warren R.
Porter, and his daughter, Mrs. Florence
Pflngst.
The funeral services will be held in the
Maßonie Temple at Watsonville under the
auspices of Pajaro Lodge, F. and A. M.
The body will be interred in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, San Francisco, on the
arrival of the Monterey express, Friday
morning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BATTLE OF THE STEEL
KINGS OF AMERICA
PASSING OF
JOHN T. PORTER
Was a Pioneer Resident
of Pajaro Valley. '
SERIES OF DAMS
IS RECOMMENDED
Report of the Debris
Commission.
RESULT OF CAREFUL STUDY
PROJECTS OF FORMER YEARS
CONSIDERED TUTILE. .
Bill Prepared, and With the Money
on Hand the Work May Bs
Begun in a Short
Time.
Special Dispatch to. The Cflll
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.—
The report of the California Debris Com
mission is one of great intereet to, the
miners of California as it is upon one
of the subjects to which the California
Miners'' Association has devoted much
time and energy. It has occupied the
attention of the debris commission since
1596 and is the result of several extensive
and elaborate investigations upon the
part of very competent and distinguished
engineers comprising the commissioners
and the field engineers immediately under
them.
The proposed project of IS9S, which was
founded upon the principle of the con
struction, at Narrows of a stone dam, is
abandoned by the commission for the rea
son that the amount of debris that couM
be restrained thereunder would not be
¦ commensurate with, the expenditure re
! quired to obtain material results. The
I project of IK*9 is the one approved by the
| commission, chief of engineers and Bee
: retary of War. It consists of a series of
dams constituting restraining barriers*
Land forming impounding reservoirs in and
about and • above and below De Guorre
Point, to the extent of 2.000,000 acres dt
settling basin, with lateral outlets, ami
In the present project calculated to im
pound 50,000,000 cubic yards of debris.
The project likewise touches on the con
fining of a portion of- the Yuba River to
a single channel so as to avoid to a great
extent the flowing down the Yuba Kiver
of existing debris. It is an admittedly
novel project, comprehensive and com
plete in detail, showing great study and
I careful elaborations.
i The commission expressly states that
the works outlined in the report contem
plate only the restraining and impound
ing of the debris already deposited In the
Yuba River and suggest that the project
| is such that its feasibility is being demon
strated and that the works are competent
for the purposes intended and this being
proven by tne experience of time the im
pounding of new debris can be then un
dertaken. In this respect the report is
conservative. It indicates a disposition to
observe the rights of the farmer and at
the same time furnishes much hope to
the miner to be secured through the con
servative force of experimental proced
ure. The expert estimates the cost of
constructing the works at present advlKod
at $600,000. Xt recites several acts of Con
gress authorizing and directing such
work. Including several provisions en
acted for the assistance of the same dur
. Ing the last Congress at the Instance of.
Representative de Vrles, who has made
this subject a careful study during his
service in Congress.
The commission asks for a construction
of certain portions of various acts
under which it has proceeded ana
is to proceed. It is of the opinion
that part of the work should be
done by day labor and part by contract.
The authorization to do the work in this
manner, as well as the authorization to
look to California for half of the cost in
either case, was enacted during the last
Congress by provisions Inserted in the
river and harbor bill, and prepared by
Representative de Vries. There is now
to the credit of the project $500,000, $250,000
of which is the State . fund, the balance
constituting the Federal fund. ¦
The commission asks if,it has authority
to purchase lands with Federal funds, and
if ft can proceed, with the work with the
I amount now on hand, or whether or not
it must wait until the JSOO.OOO is available
before proceeding. Representative de
Vries when seen to-night concerning the
report stated that its contents were
known to him, and that after consulta
tion with Senator Perkins he had al
ready prepared a measure which he will
introduce in the House, to-morrow, and
which Senator Perkins will intro
duce in the Senate, empowering the
Secretary of War to purchase the neces
sary lands *for the sites of the works and
authorizing the secretary to proceed at
once with the construction of these with
the $500,000 available. ' '
"Undoubtedly," said Mr. de Vries, "this
is more money than actually will be used
by the commission before the short ses
sion of Congress in December, at which
time the river and harbor bill will be pre
sented, and In which provision can be
¦made for the balance of the nation's pro
portion of the moneys necessary to com
plete the works."
UPHEAVAL IN
IDAHO NORTHERN
Sensational Damage
Suits Threatened.
— » —
MERRITT FAMILY OUSTED
¦ »—» —
ACCUSED OF QUESTIONABLE
• TRANSACTIONS.
John D. Rockefeller and Louis A.
Hall to Se Made Defendants
in the Action by the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho. Feb. 14.— An upheaval In
Idaho railroad circles occurred to-day
that will result in suits aggregating .a
million and in sensational developments.
In these suits Louis A. Hall, the Michi
gan lumberman, and John D. Rockefeller
will be made defendants. The plaintiff
will be the Merrltts, father and son. who
not long ago secured a Judgment in Michi
gan against Rockefeller for over $900,000.
Tho trouble has arisen by the dismissal
from the Pacific and Idaho Northern Rail
road, of which Hall is president, of all
the Merrltts and their friends, the ax
having been wielded by P. P. Shelby, the
general manager, whom the Merritts
have been trying to decapitate officially
for Borne time.
Shelby charges they have been using
the railroad to cover up questionable
real estate transactions, operating a land
department with which the railroads has
no connection. The manager has Installed
new men in all places vacated excepting
chief engineer, whose office has been
placed in charge of the Janitor tempor
arily. The whole affair "has created
something of a sensation here, as the
Merritts have posed as the financial
backbone of the railroad.
General Manager Shelby is here to-night
and in reply to the charges of mismanage
ment he says the Pacific and Idaho
Northern is paying operating expenses
and Interest on the basis of bonds at J20.
000 a mile. Thiß revenue is all from the
shipment of ore from the Seven Devils
Country, which runs 45 to 55 per cent a
ton In copper and $20 in gold. This ore
is shipped to New York for smelting.
G. R. Shaw has succeeded F. L: Rich
mond, a Merritt man, as superintendent
of the road.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1900.
FEDERAL COURT REFUSES
TO INTERFERE IN FIGHT
No Change in the Kentuckn Controversy,
. and Taglor Continues to Hold
tne Fort.
- CINCINNATI, Feb. 14.— 1n the Circuit :
Court of the United States Judge W. N.
Tart this afternoon denied the motion for
a preliminary Injunction in both of the
cases from Kentucky. In addition to the
attorneys In the cases most of the mem
bers Of the far or Cincinnati, Covtngton
and Newport were present and the court
room was unable to hold all others want
ing admission.
While the court held that no Injunction
¦would issue under th^se bills, yet It also
held that after the case had been heard
In the State courts they could get in on er
ror for review In the United. States Supreme
Court. After the decision was announced
former Governor Bradley and his associ
ate counsel stated that they were unable
least. Several of them expressed personal
willingness to return to Frankfort.
LOUISVILLE Ky.. Feb. 14.— Suit was
filed In the Circuit Court this afternoon
by counsel for Taylor seeking to restrain
J. C. Wi BecKhara from acting as Gov
ernor and General John B. Castlemun
from attempting to discharge the duties
of adjutant general. Summons Wai
served on the defendants this afternoon.
The suit will be allotted to one of the Cir
cuit Judges by a drawing. This draw-
In; may not be held for several days.
When It Is held an application for a. re-
Straining order will be made. The suit
is brought by Governor Taylor for hlm
?elf Individually and a? Governor of Ken
tucky. - . -
to say what would be the next step of th©
Republican State officers Of Kentucky.
Counsel for the plaintiffs held a. long con
sultation in the law library after the an
nouncement of the decision, and said they
had no doubt either of the ultimate pos
sibility of a hearing of these cases in the
United States court as indicated by Judge
Taft or of the final result, but at present
counsel could not say what would be the
next procedure. .
In announcing his decision Judge Taft
said:
"I should have been able to decide this
question at the close of the argument, but
the Importance of the interests involved
and the outrageous character of the elec
toral ? frauds under the forma or law
which the bills charge that the State con
test board is aLout to consummate have
let me give the question presented a
fuller and more careful investigation.
This has only confirmed my rirst tmpres
sion and requires me to make an order
denying the motion for a preliminary in
junction in both cases."
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Feb. 14.— The action
of Judge Taft in Cincinnati to-day deny
ing Federal jurisdiction in the contests
for the minor places on the State ticket
did not discourage Governor Taylor In the
least. He contends that the matter has
nothing whatever to do with his own case.
Governor Taylor said: "I never really
belleved that the matter could be made
to stick in the court before Judge Taft,
but we felt obliged to try it. This is a
case where all the lejral remedies must b«»
tried and exhausted If necessary. We will
try everything that the courts afford us."
The suit of Beckham vs. Taylor for the
possession of the office of Governor was
filed to-day In the Circuit Court at Frank
fort. Up to a late hour the Sheriff had
not succeeded in serving notice on Gov
ernor Taylor and the chances of his do
ing so did not seem bright, as all visitors
to the office of the Governor, or to the
gubernatorial mansion, were compelled to
run a gauntlet of guards who were on the
lookout for gentlemen with suspicious
papers. The petition in the suit holds
that W. S. Taylor is not the Governor of
the State and that with an armed force
he holda possession of the executive
building. It alleges that he is drawing
money without authority of law from the
State treasury, pardoning convicts and
doing other things that are detrimental
to the welfare of the State. The peti
tion asks that the court enjoin him from
exercising any duties as chief executive
and from assuming any control whatever
over the Legislature. Application for the
injunction will be made on Friday before
Judge Cantrill at Georgetown.
The committee of the Democratic mem
bers of the Legislature which came from
Louisville for the purpose of investigating
conditions here; and determining whether
it is safe for the Democrats to venture
within the precincts of . Frankfort, re
turned to Louisville to-night. The mem
bers of the committee declined to hold
any conversation with Adjutant General
Collier or Governor Taylor, and made
Custodian Thompson of the executive
building the go-between. They first sent
word to Governor Taylor that before the
Democratic members could think of re
turning to Frankfort the soldiers must be
sent away. No objection.' they said, could
be raised to a small number for aya v body-
Fuard for Governor Taylor personally. As
or tho Legislature, it needed no protec-
Governor Taylor replied through the
medium of Custodian Thompson that the
request of the committee could not be
compiled with, but promised that the Leg
islature should not be molested in any
way. For the committee. Custodian
Thompson then asked Governor Taylor if
the same conditions would exist next
Monday around the State House as ex
isted to-day. Mr. Thompson was sent
back with the reply that no assurance
could be given, but that there would be no
show of force and that all the soldiers
would be withdrawn from the gates and
would be kept in the background as much
as possible.
The members of the committee said
that In their opinion the meetings would
continue In Louisville for the present at
TREATY RIGHTS OF ALIENS.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.— The Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations to-day
authorized a favorable report on the bill
providing punishment for violations of
the treaty rights of a.Hens. The bill au
thorizes proceedings in the United States
courts in cases of assaults upon aliens.
Foraker, in his report, places the motive
for the bill on the Ignorance of foreign
governments concerning our internal af
fairs He urges the wisdom of conferring
jurisdiction upon the United States
courts, and says that to do so will not
interfere with the jurisdiction of the
State courts.
"It seems obvious, says the report,
"that the Government of the United
States should be in a situation to enforce
its treaty stipulations and accord the pro
tection to aliens which it guarantees."
"Railroad Back."
A railroad engineer called on me a few
weeks ago, complaining of a dull ache
and stiffness in hi 9 back. A.s he sat in tho
i chair he gradually slid down until the
| small of his back rested on the seat. That,
I he said, was the only position in which he
| felt easy. My Dr. McLaughlln Electric
Belt cured him in eleven days. His back
ia now limber and free of pain. I have
i cured thousands of "railroad back." !
Best for Rheumatism. Lumbago and
weakness of all kinds. Try it. Books
about It free.
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN,
702 Market St., cor. Kearny, 8. F.:
Burdlck block, cor. Spring and Second
sts.. Los Angeles.
NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
A.73 Or ci fcjiijj^
Time l^,
IVll ' w '" ma^ e garments /-frVy%
AVMj for the following re- /Mfcjr-
N?AI duced prices : £ ;'Y<f
jfN« Suits rrom f 12.50 J| $jj $
llVkl Overcoats from. IS.OO \i, f^, ij-fi
B^AiJ I'anta from 4.00 }$| .*!« ;Jij;
5T$J] ! do flrst-elasa work }j; ij|i i$
KAVJ only. If you are dih- ,'.•¦'¦ ;•¦";
Jyy^i! satisfied you get your ifiJrV v :
fffjl ' money back — that's -^fi i' : *l
M\ JOE POHEIM, 1§! |
g^ljij THE TAILOB. f|j \f:\
V/M 1110-1112 Market St..
f/tfVl 201-203 Montgomery St., SaUll
A
|: qj is a J
I m Natur al Mineral Water |
* FfS-% known for centuries and ?
P fit^ft Imported q
O /^Fjf{% ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
0 flflr^nsl^k or 30r^ s: ' s^ Stoaaci ?
? j lisn fgl &n^ Indigestion ®
QL r '*»&* j ts Ta i uo nas fc een teatl. O
iffirrffiSg fled to by thousands. ?
1 VICHY So-called Vichy In Sj. J
. [ »*v** phons
o K|ip! IS ' NOT VICHY. ?
*'*Q§J£ Get tho Genulne * ?
5 ifii&fcS^S Tour physician O
Jffrxjy?] ' wl ll rscommenJ it. ?
o ggfe&ejgg a. YlflNlSa. DUtriSaUatr Aunt
iiiiii
Tber* la notnlna* Ilk* ELECTRICITY to pat
life rim and vtgor Into wrak men or woman,
nrnn srv* bat temporary relief: act merely as
a itlmulant. but Electricity flies to all wtak
carte of the body, lmpartlns nature's tore*
thereto and doing the required work wrely and
In a permanent manner. If "run down" In
health and ¦trenfth you had tetter try Eleo-
trteltv Cm an Electric Belt, for that !¦ th*
test method of applying It; but be ion r°u pt
a leod on. while you ar« about It: In ihort. try
''DrPterceV' for it Is juaraateed to &• ta»
best' Electric Belt on earth.
CT "Booklet No. V free at onic» or eeirt by
mill for a 2c rtamn. te-lls all about It. Addreaa
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
CO Market etreet SAN FRANCISCO.
U Tribune Bulldins. NEW TORK-
JXaea— Failing Mom-
on. SlwplnunaM, etc.. caused b; over-
work and Indiscretion*. Tfcm «vic**w
ami turtly reetora Lost Vitalitr in olj
or jounc. and lit a man fer atoar. btul-
Dom or pleamro. Prevent Insaaisi ani
Oonramptioa if takea la tlma. Their
imsdiat* improvement and effects vuo£
where nil others fail. lanist npon haf ins tho genaina
Aju^x Tablets. Th»j hat* mrod thooMuxla and wi 1 ;
cure you. W« gin a potUlra written guarantee to ef-
fect a cur* In each ease or refund tb» money. Pries
JUIIO. ment) for $3-60 bymail.inplaia wrappac.
aeon receipt ofprlca. Circa f»rs tree.
AJAX REMEDY CO..
Tot •»!» In 8. F. 67 LelpnUi 4k Co.. No P»r-
centaca Drue Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. ST.. OaJtl'd.
DUALL'S Kf MYIQORA TOR jjggpj
Five hundred reward for any m»9 ""h^jJP
ea»e we cannot cur*. Thlj f«cret S**^ *"*i<
remedy atopa all losses in 2» [jL— • B»
hours, cure* Emissions.. Irr.po- «£ kv/
tency. Varlcocele. Oonorrb-iea. Ivjr. 1 Pr.ff.
Gleet. Fit*. Strlcturei, Lost Vyl-
Manhood and all wasting: effect* /**£|!__j3S
Of Mil-abuse or excesses. Sent ¦—— ¦ --
sealed. 12 bottle: S bottles. 13: guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S ME2ICAL im-
BTITUTE. «S5 Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also
for sale at 10T3>, Market at. S. F. All prlvat*
dlieaset quickly cured. Send Tor free book.
MARKET ST.Sf>Swy
Weak Men and Women
aKOULO USE DAMIA.VA BITTERS. THB
ITMt Metloan remedy: five* health and
mxrmatna to aemai otjam, X>vpo«, tSS Marteae.
2DBS R © % tn - 9 '"'"p»"9*h
Eh*H rL-EL-£x Oonmilpmflun,
B—Btimmkimia? Gfo/f ffrmttmchn.
1O cents and 35 cent*, *t «U drug: stores. .
WILL TRAVEL BY BALLOON.
VICTORIA, B. C Feb. 14. — The steamer
Amur, from Skagnay, has news from
DaWBOn to February 1. Mail . carriers
RUSSIA MOVING
ARMY TO KUSHK
. ? '
Belief That She Intends
to Take Herat.
LONTJOX, Feb. 15.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Times, remarking
that "It will not do to place overmuch
reliance upon Russia's official assurance
that nothing will be done to embarrass
England In the present situation of af
fairs," gives additional details showing
that tbe delays in the ordinary traffic on
the 1 Central Asian Railway are not
caused, as has been officially stated, by
snowfalls, but are due to the passage of
Russian troops, estimated at 20,000. who
are being concentrated in the vicinity of
Kushk. The correspondent adds that
"most Russians are convinced that Rus
sia intends, soon or late, to take Herat."
The Times In an editorial upon the dis
patch says: "This may not portend any
Immediate action, but it can hardly -be
doubted that Russia has come to the con
clusion that the psychological moment
has arrived when pressure can be brought
to bear on Great Britain.
"There la no reasoo to suppose that the
estimate of 20,000 troops la above the
mark. It does not follow, however, that
this lmplleß an advance on Herat. Prob
ably the demonstration Is Intended to
cover movements of & more practical Kin^
In other quarters.
"Looking to the eagerness of the Ger
mans to declare through their newspapers
that they are not at all afraid of the
extension of Influence In Persia, together
with German Interests In Western Asia
in connection with the Bagdad scheme,
.we must be prepared to derend our in
terests In the Persian Gulf and Southern
Persia against the whole world."
Main Streets Under Water.
ATLANTA. Ga., Feb. 14.— Reports from
points in Georgia say the Chattahoochee
River, after a steady rise of four days is
at a standstill. The main streets of West
Point are several Inches deep in water.
Methodist church buildings In Chicago,
was destroyed by fire to-night. It is es
timated the loss will exceed $100,000. - ?:
Floods at the East.
FITCHBURG, Mass., Teb. 14.— The flood
in Fitchburg and vicinity from the heavy
rain of Monday and Tuesday has receded.
Most of the mills .were unable to run to
day owing to damage by water. The
Putnam Machine Company's loss is about
JIC AAA /
ATHOL. Mass.. Feb. 14.— The flood scare
is over in this town, but It will be several
days before normal conditions are re
sumed. The ice has gone down the river
and the water is fast receding. The wa
ter has never been so high in the history
°yH e iTEHALL. N. V Feb. U-"™' ™'
ter in Lake Champlaln is a foot above
the highest mark ever recorded. There
are numerous washouts on the Delaware
"cLStoN. mSS'b.'. Feb. 14.-The Boston
and Maine Railroad Is tied up by the
floods and through traffic has been^sus
pended. The entire plant of the Lancas
ter Cotton Mills la shut down, throwing
2700 hands out of employment.
Three Men J>ro-wTied.
ALBANY, N. V.. Feb. 14.— Three men
were drowned and a half million dollars'
damage done to property along the Hud
son River by the worst freshet which
this city has seen since 1557. Tha dead
a^ri?OMAS SHEA of Bath.
¦WILLIAM RHINEHART of New York.
JOSEPH VOGEL of Van Rensselaer
IS Sheaand Rhinehart broke through the
ice. Vogcl was drowned while trying to
rescue four horses on his farm. Hfty
men are imprisoned In the second story
of an Icehouse on Montgomery Island,
across the river, but they are in no dan
ger as the water has begun to recede.
The flood reached its height at 3 o'clock
this afternoon, when it registered 20 feet
above the ordinary level. At midnight it
had gone down two feet.
Special Dispatch to The Call
slastic crowd at Santa Paula, the center
of the oil industry In this county, in which
Senator Bard is greatly interested. About
500 school children joined in the procession
as It passed the plaza. At this point Sen
ator Bard was presented, with a large anl
handsome bouquet of rosea by a charming
young school girl on behalf of the school
children. The Senator could reply only
by bowing. The flowers came as a great
surprise and Senator Bard was greatly
pleased. At the hotel the procession dis
banded after the 1 bands played several
patriotic and popular airs.
Mayor J. S. Collins. City Attorney \V.
E. Shepherd. I>. Edward Collins and
others welcomed Senator Bard. At the
hotel luncheon was soon served. The
following dined with the distinguished
guests: Senators Dr. Chester Rowell and
R. N. Bulla. Assemblyman Melick. Pr.
C. L. Bard. Mayor J. S. Collins. D. Ed
ward Collins of- Oakland. Vf. E. Shep
herd, C. D. Bonestel, N. W. Blanchard.
Clio Lloyd of Santa Barbara and B. T.
"Williams. An orchestra" rendered appro
priate music during the entire afternoon.
Hotel Rose was elaborately decorated for
the occasion. The exterior of the hotel
was draped In bunting, while the main
entrance was banked with palms. The
decorations In the reception room were
tastefully arranged. There was abund
ance of sweet peas, smilax, roses, ferns
and potted plants. The parlors and rooms*
occupied by Senator Bard and his party
were also 'beautifully decorated with the
choicest of flowers. This was the work of
Mrs. E. B.' Shepherd.
Senator Bard left this evening for his
home In Hueneme. where he will remain
until next Thursday. He will devote this
time to his personal affairs. On Thursday
night he will attend the Los Angela*
Chamber of Commerce banouet. He ex
pects to leave Los Angeles for "Washing
ton Saturday, February 24.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE Sc. CO.. manufacturer*, bacs, UnU,
•avta. SI and S3 California, mt.
-New York's fashionable society has
been enriched several hundred million dol-
lara within- the last " five years ¦by rich.
men who have gone from the West to re-
side there. ...
Feally Convicted.
Sp*c!«.l Dispatch to The Call
NAPA, Feb. 'H.— Richard Feally of St.
Helena was to-daY convicted by a Jury In
the Superior Court of assault upon George
Xpwnian of the Upper Napa Valley. This
was the defendant's second trial, a for
mer jury having- disagreed. The crime
consisted or Feally having cut Newman's
nose off at St. Helena a few monthe ago
In a saloon brawl, really on Tuesday af
ternoon failed to put In an -appearance
during the trial and delayed the court
proceedings. Judge Ham sent the d»
fendant to jail . for this conduct.- Monday
next is the date set for sentence, at which
time defendant's* ' attorney will make a
motion for a new trial. Feally takes his
conviction very much to heart.
E. A. Thomas.
E. A. Thomas, a youngr agent of a chem
ical compound company, who has been
residing in Stockton, shot and fatally
wounded himself In Golden Gate Park last
evening. He had ¦ been on a protracted
spree With Jessie, Forrest. According to
the story told "by the Forrest woman
Thomas la. known In Stockton as Ernest
Severance and has a wife and two cnll
dren living- In this city at 2009 Green
{.treat.
Th© youngr mas ; -was found lyingr
In tha bushes near the conserva
tory -with a bullet hole ' In his
body directly under the heart Park
Policeman E. McNeil sent him to the Re
ceivlng Hospital, where Dr. McGettlgan
attended him. In hl3 pocket -was found a
letter from his wife chiding him for de
serting her and on the back of It Thomas
had scribbled the following lines to his
wife before he fired the shot that will
probably result In his death:
"My Dear Babe: . I know that It is best
to leave you while you are young. Beware
of a man who drinks." .
Several other sentences followed, but
they were entirely obliterated by the
blood, which Howed freely from the bullet
hole under his heart. Thomas . refused to
make any statement.
TWO MEN COMMIT SUICIDE
Bixon Lewis Lee.
Dixon Lewis Lee, a clerk In the freight
auditor's department of the Southern Pa
cific, residing at the corner of Seventeenth
and Bryant streets, committed suicide at
noon yesterday by shooting: himself In the
head while bathing in one or the tubs at
the Harbor View Baths. His body was
discovered later and was taken to the
MorjfU© by Deputy Coroners Smith and
Brown. Mrs. Lee was interviewed and
Stated that she Knew of no cause that
would impel her husband to take his life.'
He had, however, been drinking of late,
and it Is believed that he drove the bullet
into his brain while temporarily insane
from the effects of the liquor.
Lee was 33 years of age and had been
In the employ Of the railroad for the past
few years. Recently he cultivated a taste
for drink, and had often been found ¦want-
Ing in his duties. His home was always
mad* cheerful for him "and his wlf e and
only daughter sought to cure him of his
morning' he did not go to
work, but instead boarded a car for Har
bor View, where he intended to work oft
the effects of a drunk. He entered one
of the bathing apartments about noon
and. locked the door after him. At half
past 1 O'clock several persons about the
lilace heard a shot, but from the fact that
there were duck huntera near the place
they did not believe that It came from the
baths. About 5 o'clock an investigation
was. made and. when the. door of Lee's
apartment was broken down It was found
that he had placed a 38-caliber revolver
against his left temple . and pulled the
trigger. * ¦
Among Lee's effects were found letters
from Supervisor Duboce, Attorney F.
Bert and Owen>Wade.' To the latter two
gentlemen he Had addressed communica
tions soliciting their Influence, In "securing
for 'him a : legislative position. It may
have, been that Lee's failure to secure
that for which, he sought prompted him
In killing himself. The Coroner will
bold an Inquest ' over the remains. •
Mr. Gleljjud, the native commissioner at
Sebungwe. Africa, reports that the very
rare white rhinoceros still roams the veldt
in the district between the Sanyati and
Zambesi rivers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EQUAL SUFFRAGE
CAUSE IS GAINING
• — — ? -
State Presidents Report
Progress.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.— Miss Anthony
presided over the Woman Suffrage Con
vention to-day. Addresses were made by
the State presidents of New Jersey and
Montana, from which It appeared that
the suffrage cause is making satisfactory
progress. Carrie Chapman Catt of New
York, who yesterday was elected presi
dent of the association, read reports of
the committees on the course of study,'
headquarters and organization. She said
In part:
Basing our Judgment upon the reports of tne
States, we announce our belief that the or
ganized condition or ¦ those States | which we
can rightfully call organized is more hopeful
and satisfactory than ever before. Many
States have reported an Increase In member
ship this year. There are working: organiza
tion] in every State and Territory except New
Hampshire and Florida. All In all. our asso
ciation is showing #lgns of greater Btabillty,
permanence and Influence thnn ever before.
The close of the year 1339 found vi . completely
In the course of the morning session
Miss Anthony said that she did not like
to retire from the presidency of the asso
ciation without a little money In the
treasury. Contributions being called for,
78021 was pledged. -A. large number of
beautiful gifts were . presented to Miss
Anthony, among them a silk gown, rues
for her home in Rochester, art embroi
deries, a. silver vase, an album containing
the photographs of the officers of the as
sociation and something over $100 In cash
from friends in California,
have made a record-breaking trip of thir
teen days.
Mr. Varlcle, who came to Dawson from
Paris, France, last year, will try to make
a trip out by balloon. The balloon was
brought from Paris by him. He Intends
to visit the lower Yukon country by the
came means.
A letter at Dawson . from Jack Wade
Creek says 5240 was taken out of one
claim In one day. As much as $384 was
taken out of another.
SEEKS DAMAGES FOR
FALSE IMPRISONMENT
E. T. Pierce Files a Suit Against
Constable Robert Chatham, at
Redwood City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Feb. 14.— An action
was commenced to-day tn the Superior
Court of San Mateo County by E. T.
Pierce against Robert S. Chatham, the
constable at this place.
The action arose out of the arrest of
plaintiff on the 31st day of January laat
by the defendant on suspicion of beine
implicated in the robbing of H. H. Price at
this place. -' >'
Plaintiff seeks to recover $10,000 dam
ages for the time he was confined In tha
County Jail.
About midnight on the 30th day of Jan
uary burglars entered the residence of
Price and ransacked the house, takins?
from the clothes of Price JIS or |20 In coin
and a watch chain. Before leaving the
place the burglars set fire to some clothes
hanging on a line In the kitchen, thereby
awakening the family. The alarm was
given and the officers immediately started
to round up the criminals.
Constable Chatham and his deputy went
toward Palo Alto, and there about noon.
on the; following- day arrested Pierc© and
a negro boy who was with him. The two
men arrested had been in Redwood the
day of the burglary, and for this reason
were suspected of the crime. They were
handcuffed and brought to this place and
confined in the Jail for a period of six
hours and then released.
The defendant. Robert Chatham, Is th«
person who a few months ago was de
clared by a Jury to be the son of Robert
Mills and entitled to one-third of a $250,
000 estate left by the latter.
LONDON. Feb. 14.— The effects of the
blizzard which Btarted on Tuesday
are felt throughout Great Britain.
Trains are snowed In In all dlrec
. tions. street car Itnes are blocked
and telegraph and telephone wires are
down, delaying communication in nil
parts. There have been a great number
of accidents due to falling chimneys and
roof slates and similar accidents. Mall
vans and people traveling by foot in
country districts are reported missing and
several persons have, been found frozen
to death in exposed places. The streets
of London are in a fearful condition from
the snow and elect and many pedestrians
have suffered fractured limbs from falling
on the icy pavements. The horses have
suffered greatly, many having to be shot
after breaking their legs. Severe gales
have swept the coasts.
A three-master, whose narn» has not
been ascertained, foundered near Land's
End. Her masts only are visible. Yes
terday at daybreak the dead body of a
man was found lashed to one of the masts
and was taken off by a lifeboat. It is
assumed that all the crew perished. Sev
eral coasting vessels bave been driven
ashore.
Rail and telegraph communications con
tinue interrupted. The Paris boat-train
service from Calais is suspended.
Fires at Chicago.
CHICAGO. Feb. 14.— Eight persons were
Injured, one fatally. In four fires that oc
curred late last night and early to-day In
the residence district of this city. [In all
about thirty-five lives were Imperiled by
the fires and there were heroic deeds of
rescue by the firemen. The most serious
fire occurred at a boarding-house at 2021
Indiana avenue, where the following were
Injured: C. F. Slade, a student at a veter
inary college, severely burned and car
ried out unconscious by the firemen, a
the hospital it was said he would not re
cover; M. W. Littlefleld. Mrs. M. W. Lit
tlefleld, Curtis Jamison and Frank Hamp
den, overcome by smoke and rescued by
the firemen. The two small children of
Mrs. H. E. Bump, sleeping on the first
floor, were overcome by smoke and res
cued by their mother at the peril of her
life. The total losses will not amount to
$50,000. Most of the fires were caused by
overheated furnaces.
Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
2343-2347 Indiana avenue, one of the oldest
while In the low lying portions of the town
many houses _ have been abandoned.
Trains are from three to four hours late.
Many bridges have been -carried away.
Knoxvllle, Term., reports that all streams
in that section are out of their banks and
have caused much damage to farm prop
erty and logging interests. Owing to
high water the Southern Railway has
abandoned traffic on its Macon branch.
The flood from the Ocmulgee covers the
track for miles. No trains have been run
on the Columbus division of the Southern
for two days.
Storm Sweeps Over Prance.
PARIS. Feb. 14.— A serious storm pre
vailed j throughout Franc© last evening
and to-day. Telegraph lines are broken
everywhere and communication by wire
with Great Britain, Italy. Spain, Switz
erland and part of Germany Is inter
rupted. Considerable damage has beeri
done and a number of fatalities have oc
curred, due to failing roofs and trees.
The seaside towns have suffered Dadly
and shipping casualties are feared.
Rescued From a Sinking Ship.
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.— The i French
freight eteamer Fournel; which "arrived
to-day from Bordeaux and Havre, rescued
at sea on January 10 the captain and
crew of the Italian steamer Francesco
Grasso, bound from Liverpool for Genoa,
coal laden, in a sinking condition. AH
hands, nineteen men. Including the Liver
pool pilot, were saved and brought to this
port.
Nebraska's Snowstorm.
OMAHA, Neb., Feb. 14.— The heaviest
pnow of the. winter Is now falling in Ne
braska and Western lowa. There Is very
little wind and the thermometer Is above
zero, so no harm is being done. However,
the snow is very light and should a high
wind arise it would drift badly and cause
serious Inconvenience.
Collapse of a Roof.
JOL.IET, 111., Feb. 14.— One workman
was' killed, two badly injured and several
others slightly hurt to-day by the col
lapse of the heavy sheet Iron roof cover
ing the cast-house of the Illinois Steel
Company's plant here. Twenty workmen
were burled in the debris. ,
DAY'S RECORD OF STORMS, FIRES
FLOODS AND SEA DISASTERS
VENTURA. Feb.' 14.— The people of this
county turned out en masse to-day to
honor ' and greet their fellow-citizen.
United States Senator Thomas R. Bard
of Hueneme. This was on© <jf the great
est ovations ever tendered to a person In
this section. The people from every cor
ner of the county came pouring Into this
city from early morning/ It seemed that
every resident. Including women and chil
dren, desired to honor and extend the cor
dial hand to their distinguished neighbor,
Senator Bard. '
The early morning train from Nordhoff
brought a delegation of over 100 from the
Ojal Valley. The OJal Valley brass band
escorted this crowd. At 9:30 o'clock the
Santa Barbara delegation of fifty promi
nent citizens came to meet the distin
guished Senator.
The beet sugar town of Oxnard also sent
its total population. V&.i ?j
This reception was non-partisan In every
detail. Everybody was ; bedecked with
appropriate badges. There were cream
ribbons upon which was printed the pic
tuie of Senator Bard and the motto.
"Honesty and industry." There were also
similar ribbons with a 'large lima bean
tied to each with an orange ribbon.
Senator Bard arrived in this city from
Fresno at noon. He was met at Fillmore
by the following committee of greeting:
L. \V. Andrews, F. W. Ewlng. J. L. Ken
nedy, L. F. Webster. Colonel Ed M. Sheri
dan, Colonel D. A. Webster, Colonel John
A. McGonigle, I. H. Warring. W. M. Slos
son and Dr. C. L. Bard, which escorted
the. honored guest to Ventura.
As Senator Bard stepped from the train
the bands from various towns commenced
playing "Hail to the Chief." He was also
greeted with a twenty-round minute sa
lute of the cannon, fired by Captain John
B. Wagner, .who was assisted by a squad
from Ventura Camp No. 3, Sons of Vet
erans.
The members of the Ventura County
Pioneer Society, consisting of every per
son who was a resident of this county
prior to 1873, of which Dr. C. L. Bard Is
president, were at the depot to greet their
honored member.
The following committee of seventy
five on reception was also at the depot to
receive the distinguished guest of honor:
C. D. Boneste!, A. W. Browne. Nirarod Vick
ers. F. W. Kwins, P. "W. Kauftraan. Frank S.
Cook, J. S. . Collins, L. F. Webster, Orestes
Orr. John H. Clancy. C. T. Sewell. A. J. Bell,
D. E. Clarke, D. A. Webster, George P. Den
nis, L. W. Andrews. J. W. Hammons, L. F.
Eastln, J. L. Kennedy, W. H. Granger. W. E.
Shepherd. Dr. C. L. Bard. E. M. Selby. J. K.
Greis. C. B. Greenwell, David Felsenthal, R.
P. Strathearn. Thomas A.; Rice, Major P. S.
Carr, William Slosson. J. R. McKee. J. O.
Hill. J. E. Borchard. Mark McLaughlln. Marlon
Cannon, C. H. McKevett, M. D. L.. Todd, Peter
Bennett, RJ A. Dague, R. R. Freeman, J. A.
Whitmore. J. Wells. N. W. Blanchard. Charles
Donlon. Joseph Hobart. Thomas Arundel. I.
H. Warrine, Major J. A. Driffll. F. A.
Schneider. Thomas Bell. N. B. Smith. Ed M.
Sheridan, John 1 McGonlgle, E. O. Gerberdini?.
A. B. Lucas. J. E. McCoy. Dr. J. Sessions.
A. I* Kelsey, D. W. Mott. D. S. Blackburn.
J. R. Wllloughby. John Heck. A. D. Seward.
S Bristol, James Leonard. V. A. Simpson, J.
del Valle, J. H. Love, F. W. Baker. S. D.
Thatcher, Louis Spader and T. J. Gregg.
Captain A. W. Browne was the marshal
of the day, and It was under his able di
rection that the parade was formed,
which escorted Senator Bard from -the de
pot to Hotel Rose.
Senator Bard was accompanied by Sen
ator Dr. Chester Rowell of Fresno, Sen
ator R. N. Bulla of Los Anpeles and As
semblyman Melick of Pasadena. There
was an extra car attached to the regular
train for the benefit of Senator Bard's
party and friends. At every station Sen
ator Bard was called to the platform of
the car to greet his many friends and ad
mirers. He Was greeted by a most enthu-
WELCOME TO BARD BY
CITIZENS OF VENTURA
Men, Women and Children Flocked
From All Parts of the Country to
Honor the Senator-Elect.
THE SAN FBANCISCO OALL, THXTKSDAT, FEBBUABT 15, 1900.
FINANCIAL BILL HAS
A LARGE MAJORITY
Test Vote in the Senate on Chandler's
Amendment for a Bimetallic .
Conference.
WASHINGTON, Keb. 14.— Throughout
its session to-day the Senate bad the
financial bill under discussion. After 2
o'clock the debate proceeded under the
10-mlnute rule and at times became spir
ited and iiuerestir.s. Late In the after
noon a test vote indicating approximately
the majority for the passage of the bill
was taken. Chandler of New Hampshire
offered an amendment to authorize the
President to appoint commissioners to any
international bimetallic conference that
might be called and it was defeated by a
vote of 45 to 25. The Chandler proposition
out of the way the discussion proceeded
on the amendment brought in by the
Finance Committee providing that pro
visions of the bill are not Intended to
place any obstacles in the way of inter
national bimetallism. The Democratic
Senators arraigned the liepublicans for
reporting the amendment, declaring th«y
were' insincere and that the proposition
was Intended to hoodwink the people and
to catch votes. No vote on the amend
ment was reached. The final vote on the
amendment and the bill will be taken
Borne time to-morrow.
When the debate opened Teller was
recognized to reply to the speech of Alli
son, delivered yesterday. He had waited
In vain, he said, for an explanation of the
House bill, which w.u? technically the
measure under consideration. He ap
proached all questions relating to the
finances of the cour.tr>' with suspicion. He
thought the House bill ought to be con-
Kidered carefully, as it might possibly be
come the law. It had been drafted by a
commission of acute lawyers and there
were force and strength behind it. Teller
took strong issue with Allison, who
claimed that the United State 6 was now
on the gold standard. He said:
V\> are not on the crold standard, except by
the unauthorized action of the treasury. We
ere en what Is sometimes called a llmpln* sil
ver standard, and sometimes a limping: gold
eumfiard.
Nobody outside of the United States hak
considered us as on the £-".A standard, but
it may be said that w« practically have been
rorced by executive usurpation and transgres
sion of the law to proceed as If we were on a
Cold rter.-icri.
Teller declared that this pending bill
¦was to be enacted Into law because the
Fold standard advocates were afraid that
the American people would put some man
In the White House who would not favor
the gx>!d standard, the purpose being to
t-mbody the gold standard into the
etatutes, so that it could not be disturbed
without great difficulty. Teller said there
never had been an hour since 1579, even
In the severest panics, when there was
the slightest doubt that the greenbacks
would be redeemed in gold. lie main
tained, therefore, that thera was no rea
son for the legislation proposed in the
pending measure.
-In conclusion Teller eaid that the Re
publican party had abandoned its prin
ciple?, which were the greatest good for
the greatest number. It had fallen into
evil hands and was being used by evil
influences.
"There is no hope," said he. "for the
country from. it. Its policy ¦will be dic
tated from the greatest commercial cen
ters and be overborne and weighed down
by prred."
The Republican party, he said, had come
into existence as a protest against
Flavery. The agencies which controlled It
DOW would not allow it to stand for right
eousness and Justice. He Eaid that Depew
in suggesting "gt>ld End glory" as a
proper motto for the Republican banner
had not proposed a phrase that had ever
!.f-en a rallying cry of the party. The
people would rise In their might and tear
down that banner unless the Republican
leaders placed upon it the old slogan of
"justice, riphteousness and equality of all
th« people."
Chancier of New Hampshire then pro
posed his amendment to the committee
amendment relative to bimetallism. The
Chandler proposition authorized the Pres
ident to appoint commissioners to any in
ternational conference called by the
United States or any other country to ar
range a bimetallic agreement,
Wolcott suggested that this was the ex
isting law and asked Chandler to with
draw the amendment, but Chandler de
clined, saying that if the amendment were
existing law it could do no harm to
adopt it.
Vest of Missouri announced his purpose
to vote against both the Aldrich amend
ment and the Chandler amendment to it.
because he regarded the proposition for
an international conference as a fraud
and a pretext, Just as was the adoption
of the McEnery resolution after the rati
fication of tiie Paris treaty, which was
merely for the purpose of supplying some
Senators with a shallow ford over which
to cross the stream and had since been
entirely ignored. The Intention of the
pending bill was to kill silver and it
woulii prove as effective In that ofllce as
a das-;- • or a dose of prussic acid. would
be in .-posing of animal life. It would
be absurd to send a commission abroad
asking lor a bimetallic conference in view
of the declaration for gold. '•¦-'.>
Aldrich declared that Chandler was de
ceiving no one with his amendment and
was sure that the proposition was not
one that would meet with general ap
proval of the population.
Stewart referred to the measure as a
subterfuge and said he would not sup
port it.
Lindsay of Kentucky said If there were
any virtue in the present bill it was that
it settled the question of finance. He did
not believe in lncumbering the bill with
either the committee or the Chandler
amendment. Now was the time, he be
lieved, for the definite determination of
the financial question, and it could not be
determined if only a half-way law were
enacted. The amendments were either
unnecessary, in view of existing law, or
were not offered In good faith.
Caffery of Louisiana said the country,
in his opinion, had been on a gold stan
dard since IST3, and this bill was intended
merely to perpetuate It.
"The battle of the standards," declared
CaJYery, "was -fought and lost by the sil
verttes in ISS6. The political contest this
year will be only a skirmish. The forces
of the stlverltes have been routed and
their efforts to uphold silver must meet
with failure."
The amendment. In the opinion of
Money of Mississippi was entirely perti
nent, but he was satisfied there was no
desire on the part of the administration
or the Republican Senators to advance the
interests of bimetallism.
Teller said the Republican press
throughout the country was opposed to
the bimetallic amendment. He said it
would be ridiculous to put such an
amendment on this bill, as it would have
no force or effect. It was trifling with a
grave question simply to catch votes. It
was a gTeat letting down on the part of
the Finance Committee and a childish
treatment of the subject.
The vote was taken on Chandler's
amendment to the committee amendment.
It was defeated— 4s to 25— as follows:
Teas — Allen, Bate, Berry, Butler, Chandler,
Chilton. Clay, Cockrell, Culberson, Harris,
Heitfeld, Jones of Arkansas, Jones of Nevada,
Kenny. McEnery. Mania Money. Morgan. Pet
tus, Rawllns, Sullivan, Teller, Tillman, Turley,
Turner— 2s.
Nays — Aldrich, Allison, Burrows. Caffery,
Carter. Clark of Vi'yomlng', Cullom, Davis, De
boe, Devew, Elklns, Fairbanks, • Foraker, Fos
ter. Frye, Galllng-er, Hite. Hanna, Hanebrougrh,
Hawley, Kran. Lindsay. Lodge, Mcßrlde, Mc-
Ccmu. McCumber, McMillan. Mason, Nelson,
Penrose, Perkins. Platt of Connecticut, Platt
of New York. Proctor. Quarles, Ross. Sewell,
Slioup. Simon, Spooner, Thurston, Vest, War
ren, Wetmore, Wolcott — 45.
Chandler then asked Aldrlch if ho
would consent to the Insertion before
ths Finance Committee's amendment of
the words of the national platform of the
Republican party of 1592:
The United States, from tradition and Inter
ett, favors blmetallsm.
He would vote for the measure If bis
proposition were accepted.
"I object," replied Aldrlch, "to the re
enactment of the Revised Statutes and to
the recital In this bill of the various plat
forms of political parties."
He maintained there was no provision
In the bill which was an obstacle to bi
metallism.
Allen of Nebraska, declared the bill was
a gold measure from core to cuticle and
that It would be necessary to repeal the
bill In order to obtain bimetallism.
Rawllns of Utah said the bill was prac
tically a declaration against bimetallism.
Allison suggested that the trouble with
Senators on the Democratic side was that
they were not bimetallists. They stood
for the free and unlimited coinage of sil
ver and were silver monometallists. He
gald there was not a single line or syllable
in this bill which put in the pathway of
international bimetallism a single ob
stacle. He did *ot think it would be wise
for the United States to make another
proposition to Europe for an international
bimetallic agreement, but he believed that
the United States ought to -wait for other
nations to take the initiative and be pre
pared to receive their advances.
Jones of Arkansas expressed his sur
prise that the bimetallic amendment had
not been made a part of the bill when the
latter was reported. He believed it was
an afterthought and had been brought by
demands of Kepublican bimetallists.
"It is the same old fraudulent straddle,"
he declared, "that was put into the Re
publican platform of 1526 in order to drive
the voters."
The reason for the presentation of the
Senate substitute was that the House
measure was too specific and placed the
country too squarely on the sold standard
to suit the present straddlers. who by the
pending amendment sought to hoodwink
the people as they had been hoodwinked
in the past.
"I want to put a question to the Senator
from Rhode Island," said Cockrell. "I
want him to answer It as an honest man,
as a 'good Indian.' "
He then Inquired what he would take
for 15,000 ounces of silver In London if this
Congress should pass a free coinage of
n !lv»r las < .
silver law. • ,
AMrlch replied that he would doubtless
ask *1 29 an ounce for It If he could eret It.
but it was doubtless true that the
amount of silver poured Into the United
States would cause the price to drop to its
Cockrell declared that all the 6llver that
could come to this country under a free
colnace law would be easily absorbed by
the tnlted States and said that not the
FHshtest difficulty would be experienced
in maintaining the value of the silver dol
lar.
At 8:45 p. m. the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE PROCEEDINGS.
Missouri Representatives Eng-ag-e in
a Warm Argument.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.— 1t was the In
tention of - the Republican leaders of the
House to call up the Porto Rlcan tariff
bill to-morrow, but there was such a. de
mand for time to discuss various ques
tions during the genera) debate upon the
legislative, executive and judicial appro
priation bill, -which was called up to-day,
that Payne gave notice that he would al
low the Porto Itlcan bill to go over until
Monday.
The debate upon the !eidsla.tlve bill to
day strayed far rrom the bill, touching
the question of Government deposits in
national banks, reckless expenditures for
pensiors and finally drifting Into the
question of methods In Missouri.
Bartholdt of Missouri raised the latter
question by attacking the Nesbltt law,
and provoked a long reply from Benton
of Missouri, who In turn aroused Pearce
of Missouri. Some very caustic things
were said on both sides.
Made to your JR
measure for ' j|l
This is the place for the busy man to buy his
clothes — he can buy here quickly and safely. The W^^mi^^^^^m^^'^cM
clothes are soon made and ready to be worn. W^^M^§/W^Sm^\
The customer is sure of his purchase— =-he gets
satisfaction or his money returned. . This principle Wo:^'Wp^^^^M^M§\ ¦
shows that we believe in all instances that the cus- B^|S WMm^^^ktM^jL
tomer will consider the clothes worth more than the ft^St |c^^^^^^^Ssf^B
\ ,ij this is ourspecial now. lifffii
*'& ;lii!f^^l^P\---^ made before the advance in J! lf*Ls£^
£S§ I'iwli^^^^iSfffi^ prices enables us to make /M-zadS®^^*
Si'Jflwli^ these garments to ° rder f ° r IM^
|?l^wli^^i. Value" into o^^
1^ Nlilfi-'^l llitlUt ill 1 11 tow OljlwJ
ISiSiilßftl Sack suits Cutaways Oyercoats
B^v&^lSl' lit Jfli'i/S^^-l Sing 1 c • D reasted, ; Cutaway frocks, Box overcoat, fash-
ft ¦?'•;¦>* U|sf i'iiljjjj lll/^P^ivJl plain lapels. well tailored, fit as- ionabty tailored, fits
•¦ji'Ji! | |H/jBB3HGSOP sured, good selection like the high-priced
|| ||jj;ff| |ljr Double-breasted, of dressy cloths to overcoat. Good selec-
M l| 1/ plain lapels. choose from. tions of light-colored
l«! ¦SSi Tfie trand is like cloths. See right hand
ill Wl/ Single-breasted, the cutaway frock, picture.
llM; ilifl '/ silk facing; high cut, except is shorter, and
vl mi! double-breasted vest, has outside po:kets. Winter overcodt.
laiOT ' • Makes a dressy busi- knee length, stylish
ll'lliSV ' Double-breasted, ness suit. See left material, velvet col-
il EPblc^Dl^. "S^^3 s *'^ facing on lapels, hand picture. lar.
WttfSkl^' ~" Out-of-town orders for these suits and overcoats will be filled — write for Catalogue
*&ls No. 2 containing samples. We tend self-measurement blank ' that enables you to haw
your clothes made accurately to your measure ; the fit will be satisfactory.
1X& Market Street and cor. Powell and Eddy.
Hands delicately moulded and daintily
white are among the chief of woman's
charms. When such hands are marred
by eruptions, their very beauty draws
attention to the repulsive disease. Hu-
mors *Fhich break out on the body bc-
_ .. gin in the blood.
"•-tew* Soa P s and Klves
—... *J may cover up a hu-
«;~^k /f*&^£ mor k ut they can't
ggf (|2|A cure it There is a
C I F 3^ cure * or salt-rheum
y' and other eruptive
ill _^v^ diseases, caused by
!£* f* S= /yx* a coi lu f *~ con dition'
'5*>5554- "vfe^i tree's Goldeu
} Medical IMscovery
h^r cares tkese diseases
Jm^^^ssk* jtU perfectly and per-
T^^jj* /fityrm mariemly. It carries
~~l' /forfiji oS the poisons which
£*J2jfflw% Cause di 66^- ft
/jftjf Cfi-Ji makes the blood
/ 4/££fvfflyb pure and rich. It
/f{i j M ; increases the quanti-
/7j[ao\fir^J]m *-y of the biooa sup-
/7YsSTjilihi£ P* y k y increasing the
/// W?l a^SnH making glands. It
'/ V^Mrk makesthe skin white
f \j^Vfflß and clear by making
*^ c blood pure.
'** "Golden Medical
Discovery" contains no alcohol, whisky
or other intoxicant.
«I write to tell you the benefit I have received
freni your 'Golden Medical Discovery,* after
ha t-in gauffered for three years with salt-rheum."
writes Mits Bertha Peters, of Lulu. Monroe Co.,
Micfa "The humor was on my hands, and I
Jwid been treated by our home physician who
did not help me. After I kesran the use of Dr.
Pierct'9 Golcleo Medical Discovery I took seven
bottles and can now say pleasure that I
am CUrVd. • IfOtWdy knows the intense pain I
have suffered. I could not sleep at night, the
stinjring, burning, and itching ««isation would
be so bad. somednies I could hardly be*r lL I
•hank you IOT your kind advice."
Dr. pierces Pleasant Pellets assist the
action of the when there
is constipation.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS,
EAVE GOLD-Krceh Mf*. Co.. I Stevenson
tt. Amaicanutora, Eand Centrifugal Pumpm.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
lIOORE improved Gold Eeparator Si Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. 69 Stevenson st.
BEACH GOLD COnCEvTRaTOR.
EAVES All the Geld by gravitation. JVo qulck-
Ulvcr. Hand or power. In operation 14 Bpe»r.
GASOLINE ENGINES,
HERCULES GAJ3 E-JCGIICE WORKS is filling
large numbers or crCen lor Nome. Ml-iu
Fir*t «t.. S. F.
OILS.
it'BRICATING OH. Crude Oil and Gasoline.
ENSIGN L McGUFFICK. 23 Spear «t.. 8. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Ltrt Go I -J- Bearing baniik perfectly. In op»Tm-
tlon at ezs Biztn *t. ijyko.n jackho.y.
The Mystery of Dust at Sea.
It Is a puzzling Tact that the decks dr sailing
vessels show dust at nleht. even If they be
washed In the mornlny, ana no work 13 done
during the day. This Is like Indigestion, which
creeps on one unawares. However it comes,
the only way to cure It Is by the use of Hos
tetter*B Stomach Bitters, a remedy which ["never
fails to cure dyspepsia in all Its forms, as well
as prevents malaria, fever and ague.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Kupplsr fresh or salt water for sluice bozaa;
fctßh or low lifts. Slmonda, S3 Market it.
ENGINES. ISOJLHKS. ETC.
BAKEK it HAMILTON. Engines and Roller.;
lowest pric-s on tbe coatt. Pine * Davli sta.
HENBHAW. BUCKLEY & CO.. Pump*. Steam and
Ufc»"Un« E&sißea, Boiler*. ZC and ZS Fremont.
3MOORE & SINNOTT*S
GIBSON
IN CASES OR BULK.
Tb* Cncst T*t* Mononjc»irta Ry» WhJrtcy,;
OlstllSed b>- the Gibecnton Mills on th» Monen-j
rtfce!* RlTer. MOORE t EIKKOT7. Prosrl*.
tocm.
: '
CBXRU3B Mi^lN tA-H-U! A CO™ . "
•aU UttU. Hi EiciaiLto Eir^t, i. T.
VIM
VIGOR
VITALITY \
POWER
COURAGE
STRENGTH
AND HEALTH
FOR DEBILITATED MEN
NO INJURIOUS MEDICINES USED,
DOCTOR
MEYERS & CO.
731
MARKET ST. «
NO
PAY
TILL
CURED.
In Old Head on Yonng Shoulders
Isn't always indicative of wisdom, as it
takes expf rience to make a man appre-
ciate the high class work done at the
United States Laundry. After your ex-
perience of ragged edges and spread-
eagle bmton holes, streaked shirt fronts.
etc.. the beauty of our finish and color
will make the wise head rest easy, for
you can't match our work anywhere.
United States Laundry. Offlo*
100+ MarKot Streat.
Telephone South 420
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh st.
y,'» VHsEtma ChSMIRU Co. t>raa««. &on-«atrtej2££
TgS\OlNaiK*n,O,ggg Sold bj Droffrfjta,
beat Pa«ha Kennels' Rude Awakening. 24—2:
B. Woods' Black Night beat Captain Cane's
Mlra Monte. 3-2; J. Watklns' Merciful beat
Aeneld Kennels' Van Knapp. 6—o;6 — 0; J. Marte
net's Slim beat Aeneld Kennels' Althea, 16—6;
R.- Prlnfrle's Honor Brlgrht beat J. L. Rosa*
Hoot Mon,. 8— 0; J. Mooney's Silent Treasure
beat J. Watklns' Still True. 4—2: J. Dlckson's
BIBCK Bess beat J. Watklns' Gladiator. 4—o;
Captain Cane's Greenhall beat Curtis & Son's
Pandora, 24 — ?; Curtis & Son's Commodore beat
J Kennedy's Night Time, 15-6; Curtis & Son's
Terronlte beat J. VTatkins' ' Merciless, B—l.8 — 1.
Second round— Singleton beat Chief of the
Hill «— 6: Nellie liawn beat Wild Monarch.
7—3; Vulcan beat Blackhawk, 5— X; Winning
Ways beat Said Pasha. 7—o: Ever Sure beat
Lavender, 7— 5; RlsKy Attempt beat McKinley,
3— 2- Beer Brewer beat Lord Byron. IS— 3: Rest
Assured beat Asamemnon, «— 0: Beauty Spot
beat Wine West, $-$', Athena beat Black
Nlßht. 6—o: Slim beat Merciful. 4—2: Silent
Treasure beat Honor Bright, 4-2? Black Bess
beat Commodore. 6—l: Greenhall beat Ter-
Thlrd round— Vulcan beat Singleton. B—4:
Nellie Bawn beat Winning "Ways. 3—2: Risky
Attempt beat Ever Sure, 6-2; Rest Assured
beat < Beer Brewer. 7—6:7 — 6: Beauty Spot beat
Athena, 10-3; Silent Treasure beat sum, 3-o;
Greenhall beat Black Bess. E — L
Fourth round — Vulcan beat •>. elite Bawn,
B—4: Risky Attempt beat Rest Assured, 10-3:
Beauty Spot txfe.t Silent Treasure. 4—2;4 — 2; Green-
Fifth round— Risky Attempt beat Vulcan.
6—4; Beauty Spot beat Greenhall, 4— fl.
Final— Beauty Spot beat Risky Attempt.
22-8. TCIMHp*tSB
THE DRAWING.
Ninety-Six Dogs Entered ror
the Open Stake.
The drawing for the 96-entry open stake
for. Union Park coursing Saturday and-
Sunday took' place last night at Pythian
Castle. The prizes are:
On« at $110. two at ?70, three at 130, six at
$20 twelve at $15. twenty-four at $10: total.
$S6O. Trains will leave at 10:15 a. m. and 1:25
p. m.. Third and Townsend streets.
The draw -was as follows:
R_ E de B. Lopez & Son's PapJta vi. Lark*y
& RocK'B Liberty Bell; Sterl & Knowles" Sleety
Mist va. F. A. MeComb's One Spot: J. Watklns*
Gladiator vs. J. Kennedy's NiKht Time; .O.
Abcrcromble's Miss Rabbtt vs. Pasha Kennels'
Re-annex: R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Green
Valley Maid vs. J. Kennedy's Wine West: N.
Dunlea's Fenian Boy vs. P. Doyle's Wild Mon
arch; a. Handy's (names) Twin City Girl vs.
N London's MaKneto: Curtis A Son's Commo
dore vs. "W, C. Glaseon's Slelßh Bells; Faaha
Kennels' Rest Assured vs. D. Winders' (names)
Random Aim: Ourtls & Son's Anchor vs. J.
Kennedy's Ever Shore: Aeneld Kennels' Van
Knapp vb J. Watklns* Merciful; N. Dunlea's
Erin vs. E. Geary's Polo; Fasna Kennels' May
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Equitable
Lne Assurance bociety
Of the United States.
DECEMBER 31, 1899
Outstanding 'Assurance - - - - $i,0'54,4i6,422.00
Assurance Applied for in 1899 - " 237,356,610.00
Examined and' Declined - - - . 34,054,778.00
New Assurance Issued - - - - 203,301,832.00
Income - - • . . -. 53,878,200.86
Assets December 30, 1899 - - - 280,191,286.80
Assurance Fund ($216,384,975.00) and all
other Liabilities ($2,688,834.03) - 2*19,073,809.03
Surplus^ - - - - ¦.'¦-•-.¦ ?r 61,117,477.77
Paid Policyholders in 1899 - - 24,107,541.44
Tames W. Alexander, James H. Hyde, John A. Stewart, Levi P. Morton,
Louis Fitzgerald, T. Jefferson Coolidge, Robert T. Lincoln, . August Behnont,
Chauncey M. Depew, Jacob H. Schiff, D. O. Mills. Thomas T. Eciert,
Wm. A. "Wheelock. Wm. A. Tower, H. C. Haarstick, James H. Dunham,
Marcellus Hartley, John Jacob Astor, John Sloane, ¦ Sidney D. Ripley,
A. J. Cassatt, " - Gage E. Tarbell, Wm. Alexander, John J. McCook,
Cornelius N. Bliss, ' George J. Gould, Marvin Hughitt, John E. Searles,
Henry G. Marquand, A. Van Santvoord, H. J. Fair child. Samuel M. Inman,
Geo. H. Squire, Edward W. Lambert, M. E. Ingalls, . Geo. W. Carleton,
Thos. D. Jordan, Geo. T. Wilson, » David H. Moffat, E. Boudinot Colt,
C. B. Alexander, Sir W. C. Van Home, Brayton Ives, Joseph T. Low,
Charles S. Smith, H. M. Alexander, C. Ledyard Blair, Alanson Trask,
Thomas S. Young, T. DeWi£t Cuyler, A. Van Bergen, • J. F. De Navarro. ;
OFFICERS.
Tames W. Alexander, President.
James H. Hyde, Vice-President. Gage E. Tarbell, Second Viet-PrssidenL
George T. Wilson, Third Vice-President. Thomas D. Jordan, Comptrolter*
William Alexander, Secretary. Sidney D. Ripley, Treasurer,
William H. Mclntyre, Assistant Secretary. J. G. Van Cisc, Actuary,
James B. Loring, Registrar. P. W. Jackson, Auditor.
Edward W. Lambert, M.D., Edward Curtis, M.D., Medical Directors.
Agency t California, Nevada and Hawaiian Islands.
A. Al. SHIELDS, Manager,
T1 V? e^Hrf : £i- h :W: & V "• t/H"" "^ : Wo ?t a » O"t. second and third drivln«... Winner.
ft^^Tf^J^ ¦'.''¦ r Hooker-saiome. ; Unfortunately Bchrelber " g ot away first. The
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
imPOßiii
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO 8. fI. "PORTLAND". .April SO. IMO
FROM SEATTLE ...8. S. "DORA". April SO. I*oo
I.iOM SAN FRANCISCO 8. 8. "RAINIER" May 10. 1900
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS;
FROM SAN FRAMCISCO .'. S. 8. "ST. PAUL." May 25ti
i A Steamer Will Be Dispatched : Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points: ¦
FROM SEATTLE ....S. S. "BERTHA," commencing April 3th
, AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
. For new folder*, maps and farther particular* as to freight and pa»sajt«, apply to JIXJLB~
KA COMMERCIAL. COMFANT, JlO Sanaomu Btreft,.Ean Francisco, Cal.
For Seattle sauiaca apply to CA-PT. J AS. CARROLL.' Mutual Lite Buildlas, Seattle. W&aX '¦.
Lincoln Memorial.
Lincoln Fost No. l, G. A. R., will hold
FOR A NEW PARLOR.
The preliminary steps were taken las!
night In Native Sons' Hall to organize a
new parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West, to De composed exclusively
of volunteers who served In the Philip-
Dines. There was a large attendance and
it is expected that 175 will sign the rolL
Grand Organizer John ¦A. Bteinbach was
chosen temporary president and Lieuten
ant P. I* Badt temporary secretary. H.
F. McGurren. P. L. Badt and E. D. Crow
ley were selected .as a committee to
choose a name for the parlor.
For More Sports Bee Ninth Page.
There are 242 German Baptist churches
Yd. the United States.
its annual memorial service in commem
oration of A-brtUiam Lincoln's birthday In
B. B. Hall this evening. Rev. Dr. Voor
sanger will deliver the oration.
Hempstead vs. E. Geary's America: P. Rlley'B
Expense vs. R E. de B. Zjopez & Son's Won
der; Curtis & Son's McKinley vs. G. Abercrom
bie's Rock Island Kins; P. J. Rlley"* Grafter
vs. B. Wood's Black Night: E. H. Mulcaster's
Lass o* Oowrlo vs. T. Sullivan's Maid o" the
Hill; F. O. Paterson'g (names) Fire Queen vs.
Curtis & Son's Vulcan: CurtU & Son's Terrona
vs. F. J. Rlley's pioughboy; B. Baumelster's
¦Warrior vs. Curtis & Son's Echo: J. O'Dowd'j
Shoot Over vs. J. MuUer"s Mocortta; It, E. de
B. Lor>ez & Son's Diablo vs. Curtis & Son's
Terronlte; Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair vs>. E.
Burmelgter's Winning Ways: Curtis & Son's
"War Eajrle vs. Curtis & Son's Cash: J. Ollo
way's Brian Boru vs. A. J. Kemp's Remember
Me; Jeff Martinet'! BUI Foster vs. a. Afeer
crombte's Rock Island Boy; J. Dixon's Black
Bess vs. Curtis & Son's Fl3rtn» Fox: A.eneid
Kennels" Athena vs: S. Hanky's (names) Lady
Itucn: R E' de B. Lopex Sc Son's Wanda vs.
J. Wathlns' Still True; D. Morgan's Amerlcus
vs. H. H. Gray's Terronette: E. Geary's Bon
nie Pasha vs. J. I>ean*s Gallant; A. I* Aus
tin's Loi Angeleg vs. J. Dunn's October Wood
cock; K. A. McComb'a Motto vs. Sterl &
Knowles' For Glory: J. L. Ross* J L R vs. W.
F Hobbs' Mercy May: Pasha Kennels' Reck
les3 Archer vs. J. Rownlng^s (names) Dempsey
Loss: J. Wntklns* Merciless vs. Jeff Martinet's
Bernal Boy: E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron vs.
W M. Stevenson's Artificial: M. London's
Bh'arKey vs. Erwln & Lyons' silver Wln«r; P.
Rlley's Master Mat vs. N\ O. CN'ell's Pat
Rlley; Jeff, Martinet's Slim vs. P. J. Riley*s
Sweet Favordale: P. Herrln's Martha Washing
ton vs I* Rlley's Richmond Queen: N. P.
Whltlne's Mineola vs. J. Horn's Bona Fide;
J Keenan'f Royal OaJc vs. Aeneld Kennels*
Agamemnon; Kay & Tract's HawKer vs. Pasna
Kennels' Roundabout: J. N. Halton's (names)
Said Pasha vs. J. Keenan's Black Lock; J.
Moonej-'s Silent Treasure vs. J. U. H&lton's
(names) Tic Tic; P. J. Rlley's Royal Union
vs Pasha Kennels' Recording Angel: R. Prln
gle's Honor Brlgrht vs. J. Mumast'i Wlld
wood. BHOflsßHssl
IT WAS SO
EASY FOR
ST. CASIMIR
Majority of Books Held Cor
rigan's Horse Out — Five
Favorites Won.
From all sources It Is said that Ed. Cor
rigan, the ex-ruler of Hawthorne, fs pafily
in need of funds. It only requires a glance
at the conditions of the races at Tanforan
Park to confirm euch rumor. The con
dltlons of the fifth event, a five-furlong
sprint, read: "For three-year-olds that
have never won a sweepstake." Would
anything bo supremely ridiculous be tol
erated on an Eastern track? Not for an
instant! The average Caltfornian Is a
dullard, and it needs a dynamite shell to
wake him up. This specially prepared
stipulation was made for Corrlgan's St.
Caslmlr. Only two or three of the books
laid a price against him. St. Gaeimir
won stepping: sideways. Sent away
lengths behind, Diomed, the second
choice, finished In the place.
The card was a poor one, and the at
tendance light Favorites took four rae*s.
I^orford, the big bay colt from the-HSald
wln stable, made a gallop of the opening
six-furlonj? sprint. Played from 6 to' 2
down to even money, Spencer had him un
der restraint from the start. Silver Tall
led Racetto out three lengths for the
place.- .
An outsider upset all calculations In th 4
event following. Hoyal Prize, a 20 to 1
chance, ridden by Vlttltoe, collared Tor
sina. the pacemaker, in the stretch, beat
ing the mare put over a length. Fashion
Plate, which started for the flrst time In
many moons, and was hammered down to
9 to 5 favoritism, finished fifth.
Thirteen selling platers started in the
third event, with Corrlgan'a Afghan
starting; a prcftiounced favorite. Away
fifth to a ragged start, the big chestnut
caught Mafada seventy yards from the
wire, winning very handily. Rlcardo,
away flying, stopped badly, though last
ing long enough to take the show.
Everything favored. Tempo, favorite for
the mile and a quarter run. Before the
stretch was reached' Owyhee. the second
choice, broke down, and Tempo won by
himself. Vlnctora came fast, the last part.
beating Monlta for the place.
Caldwell let Corrigan's maiden Schrel
ber away first in the final event, and not
a policeman stopped him. Backed from
threes down .to 2. the crowd took the
"nunch" and rode the toboggan. Schrle
ber won galloping from Red Cherry, al
most as prognosticated In The Call.
Track Notes.
Johnny Campbell arrived a.t Oakland
track yesterday witn a string of horses
from Texaa. Jockey Al Shaw Is ¦with the
stable.
It is ridiculous to presume that Yellow
tail. Advance Guard and P. W. Brode will
meet again. The first time this trio met
it was for blood, and a race iike it will not
be witnessed again for many a day. But
•when Yellowtail won It was different.
Fred Foster apparently Imagines that
his like has never been seen here before.
Alec Shields that everybody is not so
smart as the Canadians, and "Oora Paul"
Kruger that he. together with Charley
Ellison and Tommy Burns, are the- whole
thing. It is a well known fact that
Schorr did not care to start F. W. Brode
in the second meeting: of these three
year-olds. Why should he be desirous of
another meeting? At one and a sixteenth
miles Advance Guard -would be a "cinch."
Yellowtail kept the wires hot and Call
fornians stood for Sharkey and Fltzsim
mons fight, but the peach crop Is some
years a failure.
To-Day's Entries.
First race-Five furlongs; three-year-olds :
puree.
... Maydlne 112 777 Harry Thatchcr.lo7
7TJ Artilla 105 784 Summer .110
71k MountrbanK ?..107 7£2 Formatus ..,,.,.107
MM> Galene 105 745 Ella Boland 108
?S4 AUorlcrlne 107 657 March 5even. ...105
772 lEallne 105 540 Gussie Fay.. ....105
633 Burdock ....107 6€2 Wlnyah - 107
. Second race — Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse.
774 Sofala US! <779>Moonbr!«rht 103
<7TOM. F. Tarpey... loS 77» Marlon Bristol.; 98
779 Floranthe 5S 787 Scotch 8e11e.... .103
~» P» Time 88 779 Intrepido SS
776 BUDiUBt ••••••••« 81 1^3^SB^BK!g?B8Jtllii|
welts on the stomach showed he had been
struck. He stated 'that the blows - re
ceived in the kidneys brought on his de
feat. •* - - ¦ ¦ - -
Jackson's lips were puffed double their
usual size, and other marks on hia lace
attested that O'Brien's gloves had - re
peatedly landed. The colored boxer said:
"OBrien is more graceful but not as
clever as Tommy Tracey. O'Brien did not
stagger me during- the contest. He has
a wicked right, but that did not keep me
from playing for his stomach, which
eventually won me the battle. I fought
all through to win. and did bo. O'Brien
stuck his finger in my eye in the first
round, and that was the only pain I felt
throughout the entire fight."
Johnson, the colored plunger, wagered
J4W against $1250 in a three-man combina
tion. He picked Broad, Gans and Jack
son and won his bet, although Jackson
seemed an outside chance.
Before "Jimmy" Reilly could rub the
cobwebs out of his vision "Doc" Flynn
dealt him a number of heavy blows on
the Jaw and he went to the floor a beaten
man. It was in the latter part of the
first round that Flynn landed a right
cross on Reilly's jaw, and as the latter
ttagjrered his opponent planted another
on the vulnerable spot and Reilly went
down. He arose/ but ¦was again sent to
the floor and stayed down until eight sec
onds ¦were counted on him. He stag-gered
to his feet and Flynn feinted a number of
times and then sent a left swing, which
struck the mark and Reilly's aspirations
were crushed. Reilly's showing was a
disappointment to the spectators, as he
had done much better in the past.
The second bout brought out Jack Mc-
Mahon and Toby Irwin. The latter
knocked McMahon through the ropes
three times in the sixth round and won a
hard earned victory. The fight between
the two was highly interesting and full of
excitement. In the fifth round both lads
went at it "hammer and tongs," . and as
the round closed McMahon staggered Ir
win with a heavy rig-ht on the jaw. In
the sixth Irwin went after his man, and
every time he knocked McMahon through
the ropes the men at the ringside tossed
the battered bexer back.
CARTOONIST WARREN'S IMPRESSIONS AT THE RINGSIDE.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1900.
SPORTS SAY
THE FIGHT
WAS FIXED
¦
Strong Evidence That O'Brien
Was Bribed to "Lay
Down," ;
SPECTATORS JEER SCENE.
Countless rumors have It that last
night's contest was a fake. After O'Brien
had received his quietus at 'the hands of
his ducky opponent sporting men were
loud in their cries of fake, and many of
the latter class unqualifiedly state that
they knew before the gong sounded for
the opening round that the fistic argument
would close In the thirteenth round and
those "in on the deal." having money on
the second line in the poolrooms, would
reap a golden harvest, HPifli
A numter of stories were going the
rounds after the light last .night, and
every one of them was swallowed by the
followers of the ring without th« prover
bial pram of salt.- One of the stories was
to the effect that "Plunger" Johnson, the
colored boy, who had won a email fortune
betting on winners In fistic events, offered
and paid over to "Jack" O'Brien a large
sum to "lay down." and that the Philadel
phia pugilist had carried out his contract
and earned the . money. Another story
was to the effect that "Billy" White, at
whose residence O'Brien made his home
during his stay in the city, had bet $500
on Jackson to win, he having knowledge
that his friend would opportunely lose.
The strongest Indication that a shade
of suspicion hung over the fight even be
fore the men stepped into the ring was
evidenced when J. C. Humphreys, the
well-known lacing man, drove out to
131&nk.ei)'s Six Mile house, where the
white pugilist was training, and informed
the latter that h*> had heard that he was
going to quit in the thirteenth round and
offered him $5iX) to go on and win: Mr.
Humphreys was seen early this morning
and stated that he clid make the trip
and with that end In view. He said:
"I heard the rumor that the O'Brien-
Jackson fight was fixed and that O'Brien
was to lose bo that the ."second liners"
would land their money. As ' I had bet
beavlly on the white man to win I drove
out to his training quarters yesterday and
told him that if he defeated Jackson I
would present him with $500. 1 saw him
again the same evening and repeated my
offer and he assured me that he would be
the victor. On his assurance 1 bet a fair
stun and lost. Where I got my informa
tion that the fight would be a fake I am
not at liberty to say."
Boxer O'Brien was informed of the ugly
rumors at an early hour and made strong
denial that he had been a party to any
euch schemes. He admitted that Mr.
Humphreys visited him at his training
quarters and stated that the horseman
offered him 5200 to go In and win and that
he doubled the offer when he met him in
town the same evening. O'Brien .said:
"Humphrey* told me In the afternoon
that rumor had it that I was going to
May down,* and he offered to make me a
present of J2OO if I would go in and win.
I told him I would accept his money, as
I was going to win. The same evening
he came to me and doubled the offer, and
eaid that if the referee gave me the deci
sion be would come to my dressing room
after the fipht and pay me $400. As to the
etory that Johnson gave me $1000 to allow
myself to be defeated, it is preposterous.
1 have never seen him nor have I had
any talk wilh any of his agents.
"I want to brand that yarn as a lie.
Mr. White, to my certain knowledge, bet
5300 on me .^to win, and I regret to say
that he has* lost Ills money. He has the
pool ticket 6 to prove my assertion. I
would never talk to him if I knew that he
would deliberately bet against me. I did
my best to win and thought I was win
ning hands down until I received a blow
that ruined my chances. The pain was so
gre-at that I did not know where I was
standing, and I did not know until I got
Into my d res singr- room what round I had
lost in. I have money of my own. and I
will do my utmost to get a return match,
and if I do not I will never don a glove
again. I am no faker and I hope to prove
It before I leave this town."
Jack O'Brien, the boxer, was defeated
by Toung Peter Jackson, the fighter. In
the thirteenth round of their bout last
nipht at Woodward's Pavilion. The con
tent was one of the most brilliant ex
hlbitions of its kind ever seen here, but,
unfortunately for O'Brien, it was corn-
ID' !1 gossip on the streets that the fight
had been fixed and that he was to lose.
The betting had a bad look, especially in
parts mutuele. The greatest number of
tickets were sold on the line which won,
an unusual coincidence. It was par
tlcularly so in this case, as on form
O'Brien should have easily lasted the al
lot ted twenty rounds and should have
The end came suddenly In the thir
teenth round. Up to that time O'Brien
etemed a veritable will-o'-the-wisp. He
»'a« in every corner of the ring except
the one in which Jackson thought he had
him at his mercy. He was the finished
boxer, with every an and artifice ol the
game developed to its highest point. The
tpectators laughed at and cheered the
Strenuous but futile efforts of the col
ored man to land an efTecUve blow.
O'Brien all this time was landing at will
on his sturdy opponent. His blows
ml£ht just as well be showered on a
punching bag for all the effect they had
on Jackson.
When the rival boxers . went to work
in the thirteenth round Jackson was still
lull of light. He could not g-et away from
two rights which O'Brien landed on his
etotnach. O'Urien led for the head, and
e» he stepped, away Jackson caught him
a glancing risrht on the chin. The blow
must have imn more severe than It
reexned. as the Philadelphian half stag
gered to the roj>«6 on the western Bi<le of
ihe ring. Jackson, quick to see his ad
vantage, rushed at O'Brien and landed
fclow After blow on the latter's body
O'Urfen clinched to avoid punishment and
was dragged or pushed all over the ring.
Jackson wa« sending In trip-hammer
Wows on his adversary's body, uslntf
right and left indiscriminately whenever
he could get within striking distance.
O"Brien tried desperately to last until
the ben could cave him, but his opponent
finally sent him down on his hands and
knees. He groped blindly In an "ffcrt
to r«g-aJn a standing position, but nine
eeconds were counted off before he ":o*Jl<l
accomplish anything. When ReUree
"Jack" Kitchen thouted: "Ten! You're
out." O'Brien 6unk to the padded floor of
the rinjf. His seconds went to his assist
once quickly and carried. him to his cor
ner, lie seemed In pain.- out tne specta
tors apparently, believed he was feignm*.
Contrary- to the usnaJ -custom when c de
leatcd man leaves the ring here, he was
jeered.
O'Brien had to be assisted to his dreSS
ing-room and was unable to leave for
nearly nair an hour. He lay on his couch
mul indicated by his . suffering that he
had lx*n dealt severe punishment in tnc
region of the stomach. He bore few
usirks on his face, but a number of red
Third race— Six furlongs: three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
.765 Peace 93 774 Lady Bri**nnlc. 80
752 Castake 98 781 Morlnel ....104
765 Harry Thoburn.lo7 748 Loving: C .....108
C 63 P. F :.... 92 633 Mocorito 103
'773 Inverary II 104 756 Florence a Ink.. 87
764 Bister Alice 80
Fourth race — One mile and one-eighth; three
year-olds and upward; handicap.
¦ 775 Potente .........112 ' 775- Zoroaster 113
659 Chlmura 99 (7Sl) Catastrophe 110
. 721 Kpsormonde ....115
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and ucward; allowances. .
(769) Tellowtail 102 (775) Geyser 107
(771)51y 105 (774) Jennie Reid 102
752 Loch Katrine.... $0
Sixth race— Beven furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
756 Rlcardo .. 103f 320 Sorrow , 97
704 Meadow Lark... 99] 7J6 Jim Brownell 99
753 Storm King 104 , 778 Miss Soak 97
72S Gold Baron NX)! 783 Milt Young 108
641 Oraibee IC2| 745 Dr. Marks 09
741 Terrene 94 742 Schiller ...:.. ...104
633 Anchored 8«j
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Artilla. Burdock. Ella Boland
Second race— M._ F. Tarpey, Sofala, Intrepido.
Third race — Mocorito, Loving Cup, Peace^
Fourth race— Chlmura, Zoroaster, Potente.
Fifth race — Geyser, Jennie Reid, Tellowtail.
Sixth race— Milt Young, Sorrow, Storm King.
7HH. FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-olde;' purse. $400.
Time— U, :13: H. :*6%1: "54. 1:02. Btrajrsrllne start. Won flrst three drlvfns. Winner. E. Cori
- rlpran'w eh. BT., by Imp. Invernesß-Afflnltjr. Itn.ce was made for winner.' ' Hennessey was
seized with Btagre fright,' or Mafada mlßht^have won. Rlcardo beat the eate.'-'Lulu 1 w
TB4. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs: "three-year-olds; curse, $400.
A Midday Resort
For business men is Zlnkand'a, where the menu
and cuisine are perfect •
SHARKEY TAKES UP
FITZSIMMONS' DEFI
Fight Between the Big Fellows Likely
to Be Arranged Within
the Week.
NEW TORKT, Feb. 14.— Tom Sharkey
to-day took up Bob Pltzslmmons* chal
lenge to the heavy-weights. O'Rourke
arrived from Philadelphia this afternoon
and announced his acceptance. Fltzslm
mons was informed to-day of Sharkey's
acceptance and said:
"If Jeffries does not come to time with
in a week I will make a match with
Sbarkey without any delay. . I am win-
Ing to make a side het of |10,000-the 'win
ner to take everything."
OLYMPIC SWIMMING EVENTS.
At the Olympic Club last night a handi
cap 100-yard race, open. to club members
and other amateur swimmera, was run
off In three heats. Time -was taken on all
heats, and from the computation the race
resulted as follows: "VViedemann first, 1
mln. 11 sec; Pape second, 1 mm. 14 sec:
I-Unkel third. 1 mm. 14 3-5 sec. First and
second places received prizes.
A. practice same of polo by the two club
teams was played early in the evening.
BEAUTY SPOT
A WINNER AT
UNION PARK
Defeats D. Winder's Risky At
tempt for the Final of
Midweek Stake,
R. Zj. Taylor's white and black grey
hound Beauty Spot fairly romped throuKh
the midweek stake at Union Coursing
Park yesterday. She first met Arab,
whom she defeated pointless. She fol
lowed this up by defeating Wine West,
Athena. Silent Treasure, Greenhall and,
In the deciding course, D. Winder's Risky
Attempt. The latter dog- proved fast,
leading to the hare by several lenpthn.
After this Beauty Spot showed her clever
ness and the longer the course lasted the
larger waa the score she ran up. The hare
proved a strong one and took the brace of
dogs across the field, where some clever
work was done by Beauty Spot. The
score was 22 to Bin her favor. '
It was a day. for favorites, there being
few upsets In the betting. The greatest
surprise was the defeat of Lavender by
Ever Sure. Lavender was favorite ac 4
to 1, but her opponent had too much speed
for her. Nellie Bawn .beat. Stonehenge.
who - was a 2. t0 1 favorite. Mira Monte
was beaten by Black Night at the samo
odds. CJlaJiator lost to Slack JLScss at 5
to 2.
The coursing- during the afternoon was
of good quality, the hares generally be
ing strong. The attendance was good for
a midweek meeting. The detailed results
of The running, with the' official scores,
follow:
"S. Mahoney'B Chief of the HIM beat J. I*
Ross' Aurora Horealls. 14—0; Mahpr * Reid's
Singleton bear F". 'Cronln'B Master Gordon, 6—l;6 — 1;
Maher & Reid's Nellie Dawn beat J.- McEnroe's
Stonehenße, 12 — 0; f. Doyle's 'Wild Monarch.
boat Aeneld Kennels'. Maid of Erin, 4—3: Cur
tis & Son's Vulcan beat P. Cronln's Cymro.
6—3; Captain Clarkson's Blackhawk beat J.
McEnroe's N'or^weat. s—l; .E. Baumelster'a
¦\vinnlng Ways beat P. Doyle'B White Fern,
12—3; J. M. Hal ton's Said Pasha beat J. M.
Halton's (names) Briar Root, 14—5; J. Ken
nedy's Ever Sure beat R. Prlnele** Bannock
bum, 12 — 0; J. ¦M. Halton'o "Lavender beat
Pasha Kennels' Rather Artful. 20-^1: Curtis A
Son's McKlnlpy beat J. McEnroe's ¦Magic Clr
de, 3-1: D. Winder's Risky Attempt beat J.
McEnroe's Admiral Sampson. 4—o:4 — 0: Bart el ¦
Bros." Beer Brewer beat Curtis & Son's Echo,
11—8: E. and R. Scott's Lord Byron beat Bar
tels Bros." Border's Best, 3—2; Pasha Kennels'
Rest Assured beat Captain Clarkson's Golden
Garter, B—3;8 — 3; Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon beat
•Pasha Kennels' Round About. B—2: R. L. Tay
lor's Beauty Spot beat T. J. Cronln's Arab,
8-0; J. Kennedy's Wine West beat Curtis &
Son' 8 Terrona. 10 — 1; Aeneid Kennels' ¦ Athena
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, WOO, by
H. H. Egbert.
TAKFORAN PARK, February 14, 1900.— Weather nne. Track fast.
Time— h, H. :«9; %, i:M. Oood stprt. Won easily, ~ second and third driving. Winner,
E. J. Baldwin a eh. t., by Emperor of Norfolk-Seven Up. Norford Is a smart youns
horse. So la silvcrtn.ll. Kacetto made a good run by saving ground. Scratched— lsallne
117, March Beven 117, Choteau 122.. ¦-•-¦¦,
7Hn. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, |400.
Time— U. :24^4;'%. :4S^; J %, 1:14%.' Oood start. Won all three drivlne. Winner. 8. Tan
foron-s eh. g.. by. prince Ftoy»i-Troph>-. iioyai Prize aid not figure. Torslna has bad unaer
plnnlnsr. Fashion Plate lacked style and speed. Scratched— Don . Quixote 109, Yemen 109
Indra 112. Durward 109; .-.,'.-..
7.M1. THIRD RACE— FIv« furlongs; gelling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. J4OO.
757. FOURTH RACB-Mlle and a quarter; gelling; four-year-oldTa^d upward; puree. $400.
Tlme-tt. :25%: H. :51H: %. 1:17%; mile 1:43%; l%m. 2:09%. Good gtart. Won" easily, aecond
and third driving. Winner. A. \V right & Co.'s eh. h.. by imp. Whlstlejacket-On the Lea-
Tempo breraedhom^OwylwebrokedownwMegalloplnj. - - •¦..-"" .
ime-tt, :«*; %, :36*; %,,i;oi. Good start. w on easily Becond easily, third driving. Win".
ner. E. Corrlgan'a b. jr., by Imp St Andrew-Ottyana. fet. - Caslmlr took- luncheon on the
way and then won. It wa» one of the world's greatest equine battles. Scratched— ETWlll 112
7s». sixth RACE-Bu furiongg; wiling; maiaensTthree^year-ol'dg and! upward: puraerim
4
Index. Hotm. Welght.jst.
705 Norford 122 4
773 : SilVffrtull 119 3
646 Racetto 113 6
751 AborlKlne 119 5
77Z Beautltul Bill 122 8
734 Will Pay 119 1
690 Bummer 119 2
627 Jolly Briton 119 7
I |B«ttln*.
%m. %m.. %m. Str. Fin. ( Jockeyg. |Op, Cl.
7:. Hi Tl In Ti Spencer 1 5-J 1
... 22 21 tl 23 Jenklna 8-5 13-5
7 6 6 3 6 6 3 4 E. Ross 4 7
41 5 2 » H 41' H. Shields 10 1 .' IS
... 5 H 3n 4 1 64. Henry i 7
... 62 78 7« e^K. Jones IS 23
8 b 4* 6ft 71 Hennessey.... 15 jo
8 8 8 . 8 Morgan '. 60 75
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
... Royal Prize, & .103 4
724 Torsina. a 107 3
653 Melvln Bumhain, 5.103 1
T73 Uterp. 4 ..104 6
... Fashion Plate, a 109 2
747 Hohenlohe. 6 1121 5
738 Mupralado. a. 109 10
735 Tallac, 4 IC4 7
760 I>ds Prletos. 5... 109 9
397 fit. Al&non, a 109111
700 Ran Augustine. 4 106I1S
657 Tom Smith, a Ill | 8
Mm. V4m. Km. Str.~ ¦ Fin. | Jockeys.- |Op. • Cj.
,2 1 "2 3 ... .UH Vlttitoe .....:. 10 20
lh Hi ... 2 h E. Ross " S 9-2
»h .3 % ... 3h Jenkins ....... 10 8
4 2 43, ... ' 4V4 Henry 8 8
6h 6 2 ... (4 PlKKOtt 6-2 9-5
... 8 2 6 1 ... 6 4 Tullett 12 55
.... 6 3 7H ... 7 3 Ame 40 100
'" 7h "j "¦¦•" l\' ii ;Martln...... 8 15
" 11 ... •• 10 ; H, Or SuTnrt.V.V.! 40 60
9 4 9 t ... 11 T. Walsh 10 '20
... 11 tt « ... 12 Plover ....'..... 30 <l)
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. •
657 Afghan. 6. 11SI 5 ¦
; 631 Mafada, a ..........121 2
E79 Rlcardo. a ....: 118 1 • .
660 Orloii, a '. .118 *?'-.
70S Yule. E ....:....•..... 118 9
KIO Synia. 4 112 6
743 Jim Brownell. 8....11S 8
E9B Florence ' Kink. 4 112 11
639 Oahu, 4 116 3
ESI El Salado, B 118 7
063 LUIU W, 4 112 10
711 Cytnona. i 115 12
G7O Strongoll. 4 114 Left
Km. 4m. %m.
4 V 4 4 2
... 11 11
32 8 1
... M . Z 2
9V 8 2
... '62 . . 61
... 7% 7H
... . .11 4 , 11 2.
... 6,h 6h
10-1 10 V,
.., 8 1 8H
12 12
Str. Fin. | Jockeyg.
... ' 1 Spencer
... 2 2 Hennessey ....
8 M lAmw
4 2 M. nergen
... • 6 h Jenkins
... ,6h K. Jones
7 Henry .;...r.
8 2 T. 'Walsh
9h Tullett ........
10 6 ¦- E. Ross
».. 11 2 H. Shields
12 Glover ..;.V.."..
!"••¦ ... PJersott
Op. Cl.
5-2 3-2
¦ c 8
30 60
10 8
7 7
6 13
40 75
15 40
.20 60
10 12
10 15
20 75
Index. Horse. Age, Weight. |St. %m. % m Btr.. .Fin. | Jockeys. » |Qp. CIT
760 Tempo. 6 114 2 12 12 110 110 IS Henry I i j
: 760 Vlnctora, 4.. 104 4 6 JVi 34 13 212 TVlllett 10 80
655 MoniUi. a 11l 6 *n S2 22 812 320 Plggott ....... 10 is
753 Mansanillo, a ill 1 2 n 6 * . .4 4 Amea 100 200
7M Owyh<M». 4.. ...... ...109| S 3^ 2 2 Broke down ... Jcnklng :..... . 1 s-5
Index. Horse. welyht.|St. y 4 m. %m. \m. Str. Fin. | • Jockeyg. |Op. CL
633 St. Caslmlr 109 1 ... 13, - 1 6 •1 10 110 Spencer- 1-10 1-iii
717 -Dlomea ..».-.........ira 5 ... 5 2 2 2i> H. Shields..;.; 6- 7
-744 Frank Duffy 109 4 ... 4 2 31. 3n 33 Henry 200 800
671 Tom Shatter.. JW 3 ... ;: »" 41 4 1 4% JenWni ...... 100 100
772 Free Poas 107 2 ... 2n 2 2 B 5 Kiley ......... 200 300
Index
Horse.
Age.
height.
St.
%m.
>im.
%m.
Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. v Cl.~
... >Schrelber. 8.....: — 109 1
772 R«»d Cherry. S 62 4
772 Bagdad, 8 94 2
782 William F 3 94 3
... Sister Marie, 3...... 92 8 ,
699 Timr-a-Ung, 5...:.. 92 8
745 Tassajara, 4.. .......106 7
772 Caesar Young, 3.... 97 9
678 Frank Kuhry. 3....'. 97 6
14 '
3 1'
22
6 1
7«
4 1.
9
84 '
6 1
,13:
' 3 4
21
6 2
4 1-
»
8 2-
7« ' ,
11
£3
8S
4 3
63 '
6. h
9
• 81-
<¦-¦ 7 1'
1 2
2 4
8 4
'44
64
. C 3
J I
"81
-K.B' -
Spencer.. 6-2
Ranch ........ , 4
Buchanan .„. 4
T. Wajßh 4
J. Martin 5-2
J. Daly 10
I. P0we11....... .15
Phelan ..:. ,4
2
S
8
4
20
40
8
n
Index
Horse.
Age.
height.
St.
%m.
>im.
%m.
Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. v Cl.~
... >Schrelber. 8.....: — 109 1
772 R«»d Cherry. S 62 4
772 Bagdad, 8 94 2
782 William F 3 94 3
... Sister Marie, 3...... 92 8 ,
699 Timr-a-Ung, 5...:.. 92 8
745 Tassajara, 4.. .......106 7
772 Caesar Young, 3.... 97 9
678 Frank Kuhry. 3....'. 97 6
14 '
3 1'
22
6 1
7«
4 1.
9
84 '
6 1
,13:
' 3 4
21
6 2
4 1-
»
8 2-
7« ' ,
11
£3
8S
4 3
63 '
6. h
9
• 81-
<¦-¦ 7 1'
1 2
2 4
8 4
'44
64
. C 3
J I
"81
-K.B' -
Spencer.. 6-2
Ranch ........ , 4
Buchanan .„. 4
T. Wajßh 4
J. Martin 5-2
J. Daly 10
I. P0we11....... .15
Phelan ..:. ,4
2
S
8
4
20
40
8
n
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. •
657 Afghan. 6. 11SI 5 ¦
; 631 Mafada, a ..........121 2
E79 Rlcardo. a ....: 118 1 • .
660 Orloii, a '. .118 *?'-.
70S Yule. E ....:....•..... 118 9
KIO Synia. 4 112 6
743 Jim Brownell. 8....11S 8
E9B Florence ' Kink. 4 112 11
639 Oahu, 4 116 3
ESI El Salado, B 118 7
063 LUIU W, 4 112 10
711 Cytnona. i 115 12
G7O Strongoll. 4 114 Left
Km. 4m. %m.
4 V 4 4 2
... 11 11
32 8 1
... M . Z 2
9V 8 2
... '62 . . 61
... 7% 7H
... . .11 4 , 11 2.
... 6,h 6h
10-1 10 V,
.., 8 1 8H
12 12
Str. Fin. | Jockeyg.
... ' 1 Spencer
... 2 2 Hennessey ....
8 M lAmw
4 2 M. nergen
... • 6 h Jenkins
... ,6h K. Jones
7 Henry .;...r.
8 2 T. 'Walsh
9h Tullett ........
10 6 ¦- E. Ross
».. 11 2 H. Shields
12 Glover ..;.V.."..
!"••¦ ... PJersott
Op. Cl.
5-2 3-2
¦ c 8
30 60
10 8
7 7
6 13
40 75
15 40
.20 60
10 12
10 15
20 75
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
... Royal Prize, & .103 4
724 Torsina. a 107 3
653 Melvln Bumhain, 5.103 1
T73 Uterp. 4 ..104 6
... Fashion Plate, a 109 2
747 Hohenlohe. 6 1121 5
738 Mupralado. a. 109 10
735 Tallac, 4 IC4 7
760 I>ds Prletos. 5... 109 9
397 fit. Al&non, a 109111
700 Ran Augustine. 4 106I1S
657 Tom Smith, a Ill | 8
Mm. V4m. Km. Str.~ ¦ Fin. | Jockeys.- |Op. • Cj.
,2 1 "2 3 ... .UH Vlttitoe .....:. 10 20
lh Hi ... 2 h E. Ross " S 9-2
»h .3 % ... 3h Jenkins ....... 10 8
4 2 43, ... ' 4V4 Henry 8 8
6h 6 2 ... (4 PlKKOtt 6-2 9-5
... 8 2 6 1 ... 6 4 Tullett 12 55
.... 6 3 7H ... 7 3 Ame 40 100
'" 7h "j "¦¦•" l\' ii ;Martln...... 8 15
" 11 ... •• 10 ; H, Or SuTnrt.V.V.! 40 60
9 4 9 t ... 11 T. Walsh 10 '20
... 11 tt « ... 12 Plover ....'..... 30 <l)
Index. Hotm. Welght.jst.
705 Norford 122 4
773 : SilVffrtull 119 3
646 Racetto 113 6
751 AborlKlne 119 5
77Z Beautltul Bill 122 8
734 Will Pay 119 1
690 Bummer 119 2
627 Jolly Briton 119 7
I |B«ttln*.
%m. %m.. %m. Str. Fin. ( Jockeyg. |Op, Cl.
7:. Hi Tl In Ti Spencer 1 5-J 1
... 22 21 tl 23 Jenklna 8-5 13-5
7 6 6 3 6 6 3 4 E. Ross 4 7
41 5 2 » H 41' H. Shields 10 1 .' IS
... 5 H 3n 4 1 64. Henry i 7
... 62 78 7« e^K. Jones IS 23
8 b 4* 6ft 71 Hennessey.... 15 jo
8 8 8 . 8 Morgan '. 60 75
Index. Horse. Age, Weight. |St. %m. % m Btr.. .Fin. | Jockeys. » |Qp. CIT
760 Tempo. 6 114 2 12 12 110 110 IS Henry I i j
: 760 Vlnctora, 4.. 104 4 6 JVi 34 13 212 TVlllett 10 80
655 MoniUi. a 11l 6 *n S2 22 812 320 Plggott ....... 10 is
753 Mansanillo, a ill 1 2 n 6 * . .4 4 Amea 100 200
7M Owyh<M». 4.. ...... ...109| S 3^ 2 2 Broke down ... Jcnklng :..... . 1 s-5
Index. Horse. welyht.|St. y 4 m. %m. \m. Str. Fin. | • Jockeyg. |Op. CL
633 St. Caslmlr 109 1 ... 13, - 1 6 •1 10 110 Spencer- 1-10 1-iii
717 -Dlomea ..».-.........ira 5 ... 5 2 2 2i> H. Shields..;.; 6- 7
-744 Frank Duffy 109 4 ... 4 2 31. 3n 33 Henry 200 800
671 Tom Shatter.. JW 3 ... ;: »" 41 4 1 4% JenWni ...... 100 100
772 Free Poas 107 2 ... 2n 2 2 B 5 Kiley ......... 200 300Death of a Portrait Painter.
The death Is recorded of Stephen AY.
Shaw, a well known portrait artist of this
city. Mr. Shaw did some work which was
highly commended by connoisseurs and
occupied a. high place in .his profession.
He was 82 years old at the time of hia
death. The funeral will be private. . •
which lower and raise the pipe at will. Connected with the end of the pipe is a
hydraulic Jet. the object of it being tc. Btir up the sand, the sand with the
water being sucked through the pipe into a sluice. The entire machine can bo
run In and out of the water at will. Hence no storm can do It any damage. Mr.
W. A. Shahan is the Inventor: Mr. J. C. Pain of Fowler is the president, Mr. O. M.
Judy of Reedley being the secretary-. H. P Winnes of Reedley. J. j. Barton of
Cape Nome and W. ti. Graham of Reedley are among the directors. The com
pany is the Cape Nome Mining and Dredging Company. The capital utock is
J25.0U0. sold at a dollar per share. All these are California men of the highest
integrity, being engaged in the grain business If a man can take out one cubic
yard of earth per day yielding Jl6. why cannot a machine of IiOO cubic yards ca
pacity take out $24.n60? These are all facts, there being no fiction about It. as all
the projectors are too responsible men to lend their names to any wildcat scheme.
So ye Nome hunters would do well to give this proposition your attention. This
Is not an ad, but reliable newa, Mr. Pain being no "promoter." •
Colonial Party.
Seven Pines Circle No. 3. Ladles of the
Grand Army, will give a colonial parry
next Tuesday evening in the Social Hall
of the Alcazar buildinsr. There will be
a literary programme, dancing and a co
lonial supper. The party will be for the
benefit of the circle and fund for the re
lief of the ag<nl veterans of the civil war
and their families.
from Blue Lakes would cost $13,500,000. In
answer to a question by Mr. Schussler he
said that he thought, that more than one
pipe line would be a prudent and neces
sary work, from which the chief engineer
of the Spring Valley argued that a prop
erly equipped system from Blue Lakes
should have at least two pipe lines, du
plicating the cost of the original J13.D00,
000 Colonel Mendell agreed with him.
George E. Booker, chief clerk of the
Spring Valley Water Company, was the
next witness, submitting the following
figures of the growth of the company's
business in 1599:
Water rents from private ratepayers.
$1,554,911 62
Water rents from private ratepayers,
1898 1.490.921 53
Increase *53.980 07
Increase in private, fixed, monthly
rates • |3».9H 03
Increase In private meter rates 23.076 02
Total ?53,?9007
There was a reduction In amount
of allowances made on private rates
of 13,023 7«
Durine the year 1599 we put In 1235 new ser
vice connections. The number of ratepayers
Increased IJSS. There are 1396 additional fami
lies supplied; 1119 additional dwelling houses
supplied; 329 additional places of business.
At this time the taking of his testimony
was interrupted to read a communication
from J. S. Klmball #i Co.. ship owners,
protesting against Spring Valley charges
of Jl 50 a thousand gallons for water sup
plied. At the conclusion of the reading
Mr. Booker was asked if he thousrht that
was a fair rate to charge to shippers,
while manufacturers were paying meter
rates. He said he considered it fair for
MUSTY RECORD SPEAKS FROM GARRET
Signature of '«James G. Fair and Wife* Found in Old
Register o! a Sausalito Hotel.
The discovery on the 1592 register of the old Hotel El Monte at Sausalito
of the signature, "James G. Fair and wife," may prove a bomD in the camp
of Fairs heirs. The discovery was made by Dan Slinkey, the poundmaster,
brother of John A. Slinkey. the late proprietor of the hotel, and two others
whom Slinkey says he took with him for the sake of precaution.
Yesterday Slinkey read the account of Mrs. Craven's testimony as to the
marriage performed in Sausalito by Judge Simpton. Ills interest was aroused
and he racked his memory In the effort to recall any circumstances con
nected with the couple's visit to the town. Then it flashed across his mind
that in July. ISS2, two guests sojourned at his brother's hotel for two days.
Thf^Ff truopts were called by the townspeople who knew them by sight Mr.
and Mrs. Fair.
When John Slinkey left the town he gave his old registers Into his
brother's keeping. They had lain in Dan Slinkey's garret since 1594 and had
grown moldy when his curiosity Impelled' him to drag: them Into light and
search their pages for the signature he thought should be there.
As Slinkey had anticipated, half way down the page and about the middle
ot the 1532 reg-ister appeared the Senator's signature, followed by, the words,
and wife." The date is=. Slinkey says. July 23.
Ellnkey evidently is sincere In his declaration, despite the fact that he
refuses to show the register. He says that he will 'take an oath before a
notary that his statement is correct and will show the register itself "when
the time comes." He apparently is divided between fears of being dragged
Into the case as a witness and pride In telling cf his discovery. He refuses
to divulge the names of the two witnesses who saw the signature with him,
but says they are merchants of Sausalito.
"I will tell all when the time comes," he said. "I do not wish to get Into
trouble by talking too much;"
Recorder of Sausalito
Explains.
NO LICENSE FOR WEDDING
? ¦¦ —
SECOB-D DESTROYED BY FIRE IN
THE YEAB 1894.
Attorney Pence Refuses to Deny That
Hotel Registers "Will Be Pro
duced in Court — A Detec
tive's Blunder.
&EORGE \V. SIMPTON. Town Re
corder of Sausalito, says he mar
ried the late Senator James G.
Fair and Mrs. Nettie R. Craven
in IS^2. and will sq testify under
oath when raced i n the witness chair.
The Marin official has been In this city
since last Tuesday morning and is at
present staying at a lodging house not
far removed from the center of town.
Strict pecrecy is maintained regarding his
whereabouts, probably on account of a
fear that he may meet with bodily harm
In the same manner as H. J. Barling.
Simpton was elected Justice of the
Peace in IRS6 and held that office for eight
y«>ars. It was during his third term, ac
cording to hi? own statement, that he
united Mrs. Craven and the deceased
Senator in the bonds of matrimony. Dur
ing this period Simpton's office was lo
cated in North Sausalito. his family living
in rooms on the second floor of the same
I'uiidir.g. This part of the town was
swept by a h!g fire in IRS4 and the Town
Recorder assorts that in the effort to save
h'f household effects the most of his
official records were destroyed, including
the book in which he had made an entry
of the fravon-Falr wedding.
"I was In my office when they came
there." he said, "and Mr. Fair asked me
if 1 was a Justice of the Peace. I said
y*>F and then h,> told me he wanted a
marriage ceremony pt-rformed. I asked
for the license and he answered that a
license was not necessary and that he
did not want the affair known to the
¦world at large in any event. He asserted
that a license was not necessary because
they had already !.epn married by con
tract. They had wnf sort of a document
th'ff-a fmail piece of paper— which Mr.
Fair said was the contract of marriage.
1 glanced at it but paid little atentlon
to it.
"At first I was rather averse to per
forming the ceremony without a license,
but after thinking it over for a few min
utes thoir arguments overcame my
gcruples and I concluded to marry them.
I asked Mr. Fair if he took the woman
Assailants of Barling
Are Grilled.
ARE THUGS AND ASSASSINS
THIS IS THE CHARGE MADE
BY JUDGE DENSON.,
Opposing Counsel Make Answer and
Judg-e Troutt leaves the Ac
cused to the Mercy of the
Criminal Court.
¦ .-*
A CLOUD— the blackest in the his
tory of local jurisprudence— has
cast its shadow over the litigation
by which Mrs. Nettie R. Craven
seeks to establish her claim that
she is the widow of the late James G.
Fair, and all because the representatives
of one of the dead millionaire's heirs In
sist on strengthening their liner of defense
with thugs and assassins. This was the
plain, unvarnished statement made by
Judge Denson yesterday morning when
Judge Troutt again called for hearing the
matter of the application of Mrs. Nettle
R. Craven for a family allowance from
the estate of the late James G. Fair. The
charge of counsel was taken up by the
representatives of the various defendants
and a battle of bitter words waged until
the court ordered a suspension of hostiti
ties until this morning.
The assault by two private detectives
upon Capitalist H. J. Barling, who occu
pied a seat, before injury, among Mrs.
Craven's friends, was the cause of the
war among the lawyers. When the case
was called Judge Denson asked the privi
lege to address the court. Judge Denson
first called the attention of the court to
his long experience before the 'bar and
referred to many distinguished practition
ers with whom he had associated and
against whom he had pressed claims of
his many clients, this to prove hia knowl
edge of the facts about which he was. to
speak. Judge Denson then laid the facts
of the assault upon Mr. Barling before tho
court. He said as above quoted that the
cloud cast upon the case by reason of the
cowardly assault was the blackest In the
history of local jurisprudence. It was the
act of thugs and assassins, he continued,
and if his theory was right he believed
that his client, her friends, her witnesses
and her counsel were entitled to the pro
tection of the court. "The very men that
assailed Mr. Barling yesterday are now
at large and in all probability are shadow
ing other witnesses and scheming to com
mit other crimes."
Judge Troutt said that as the assault
upon Mr. Barling occurred without the
jurisdiction of the court, having occurred
during a. recess ' and In the corridor of
the hall, he was powerless to take action
against the offenders. It remained with
the criminal courts, he said, to pass Judg
ment upon the accused.
It looked for a minute as though the
discussion was ended, but George A.
Knight, who represents Charles L. Fair,
had taken the statement made by Judge
"Denson as referring to his cjlent, and he
raised his voice in angry protest. "I will
not have it Insinuated by opposing coun
sel that my client was responsible for
the attack upon Mr. Barling," he said.
"No one connected with this case Insti
gated the attack upon him, and it is very
probable that his own actions were re
sponsible. His Insolent manner has given
offense for days past, and It was con
cluded some days ago that he felt se
cure in the protection of a 45-callber re
volver he is known to keep on his per
son If Mr. Fair has employed detec
tives, which he has not. it was to guard
against threats made by Barling himself.
These threats had been reported to us
and we have paid for them. In no other
way can we meet the claims of this wo
man, which we know to be based on fraud
and perjury."
Judge Troutt failed to see sufficient rea
son for Mr. Knight's »arcastic address
and he successfully reasoned with him
and quiet against reigned, but only for
a brief period. Garret McEnerney, who
represents the executors, concluded to en
ter the controversy. Addressing the court,
he said that he would admit that the
executors had employed detectives and
would continue to do so in the effort to.
successfully cope with Mrs. Craven, her
friends and counsel. "We are confident
that we can prove that. Mrs. Craven's
claims are false, forged- and perjured,
he said, "and we have employed Curtin s
Detective Agency to assist us. We know
nothing about the assault upon Barling
and all regret that it occurred."
Lafe Pence, who is associated with
Judge Denson, took advantage of Mr. Mc-
Enerney's remarks and demanded that
the court forthwith order the disband
ment of the detective squad. "Mrs. Cra
ven, her friends, her counsel and her
rights are In danger," he said, "if these
men are permitted to hound our foot
steps " Judge Troutt again said that he
could do nothing with the detectives un
less something specific was proved against
them, as they were not guilty of any of
fense so far as his knowledge was con
cerned "Well." came from the Fair side
of the house, "counsel opposing us should
remember that although they suffer some
inconvenience ours has been greater than
theirs Just a day ago we asked the lib
erty of examining a document and the
privilege was accorded us. During the
examination of the document we were an
noyed by the leering of a representative
of the other side and our every move is
leered upon over our shoulders by some
irresponsible but authorized seeker of in
formation." 4 '¦•'¦
An answer was revolving Itself
in the minds of Mrs. Craven's
counsel and one cf them arose
to make known his thoughts when
Judge Troutt ordered the hearing to pro
ceed Pence, however, said that the
shock of the battle in which Barling was
injured had so affected his client's nerves
that she was unable to take the stand, be
ing confined to her apartments. He said
that he would put Judge Simpton on the
stand to prove the marriage in tho in
terim to accommodate counsel, but Mr.
McEnerney refused to hear of the substi
tution of witnesses. The court then or
dered the case continued until this morn
ing when Mrs. Craven will conclude her
story of the relations she allges existed
for years between herself and the dead
millionaire. <; -¦•"¦; t .¦..-•
Although Judge Troutt advanced the
theory that the assault upon Mr. Barling
had occurred outside the jurisdiction of
the court the matter will be formally
placed before him by affidavit, and by
this means young Curtin. who was ar
rested and charged with the offense, may
vet be punished for contempt of court.
Last evening Barling made an affidavit.
After setting forth the facts of the as
sault Barling charges Curtin with being a
hired fighter, and says that he was once
employed by the Pacific Steam Whaling
Company and sent to Alaska for the pur
pose of rendering hors de combat any one
who attempted to erect any buildings on
property on Knrluk Beach, Alaska, which
was. in fact, the property of the Alaska
Packers* Association. All through his af
fidavit Mr. Barling clings to his assertion
thnt the attack upon him was made after
a deliberate plan had been effected, con
federates being present to even hold the
doors leading out of the City Hall ro
tunda, through which he might try to es
cape. The affidavit will be flied with
Judge Troutt when the case is called for
hearing tril*» nornlntr. mßagggggSßJa
Ellen D. Moore, M. D., removed from
Berkeley to 426 Pont street, San Francisco.
•Phone Black 182 L •
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Marie Coste from Simon Costo for willful
neglect, and Eugenic A. Demers from
Eusebe Demers on the ground of deser-
Uon. Charlotte Homer has sued Frank
Homer for a divorce, alleging desertion as
cause of action. .
CHIEF BIGGY'S MUFFLER.
Stolen From the Mails by a Hotel
Porter at Holllster.
When William J. Biggy, ex-Acting
Chief of Police, was at Holllster on h
visit recently one of his friends sent him
a package by mail containing a silk muf
fler and a cigar case. The package
reached Holllster. but Mr. Biggy '.ever
received It. 1 He went to: Holllster a few
days ago, and when he stepped off the
train he'saw the muffler around the nek
of George T. Blythe, alias George Nevlr.n,
a hotel porter. Blythe was arrested for
stealing from the mails and was brought
to this city yesterday by a Postofflce In
spector and placed in the custody of
United States Marshal Shine. .
Exonerated From Blame.
Captains Bolles and Bulger. United
States Local Inspectors of Steam Yesf-el*.
filed their report yesterday on the collis
ion between the ferry steamboat Ran
Rafael and a fishing boat on January 17
of this year, in which accident one of the
fishermen was drowned. The report ex
onerates Captain T. Tribble of the San
Rafael from all blame, the testimony
showlnpr that the flshlnß boat carried no
lights and the night was so dark that the
boat could not be seen from the steamer.
A PRACTICAL DEMONSTRATION OF A THEORY.
Out at our beach some men have been quietly working; they have expended
$2000 in testing their theory. It was proved an entire success; in the face of wild
cat schemes one legitimate enterprise deserves notice and success. The photo
graph will show the machine working better than anything else. Briefly, 'tis
this: An engine of 25 horsepower has attached to It a flexible, hose 8 inches In
diameter, the hose being about 200 feet long. Running parallel with It are bars
*^?iP^ Wl I HUll I UHUlio.
The Dr. Sanden Electric Belt cures without drugs. It overcomes the effects of youth-
ful' errors or later excesses, because electricity is Strength and Nerve foree — the very
element which is lacking in a weak man, whether young, middle-aged or old.
Free Advice.
It will take less than a half hour of your time to drop into my office, where I can de-
monstrate to you the current which the Dr. Sanden Electric Belt generates. I will
go over your symptorhs and advise you. No charge for consultation.
Free Book
To those living at a distance I will be pleased to mail, free of charge, my little de-
scriptive pamphlet/ "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," which explains all. Write for
it to-day.
Beware,
. In buying one of my Belts, see that the letter "S" is perforated upon each cell of the
. , battery. Any not so marked are either old style belts of 15 years ago, or imitations.
. Consultation and advice absolutely free. Office hours 9to 8; Sundays 10 to 1.
NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
DR. T. A. SANDEN, « o-f-arr ell street,
lI9H SOUTH SPRING STREET. LOS ANOELES, CAL. RUSSEL BUILDING. PORTLAND. OU.
Strange People in Our Land.
A stereoptlcon lecture will be given to
night In Calvary Presbyterian' Church,
Geary and Powell streets, on "Strange
People in Our Land." Mr. Finks of New
York, who will deliver the lecture, will
ppeak of the Mexicans, Mormons, the red
man, etc.
Two women were arrested at. Passalc,
N. J.. for operating an illicit distillery-
peared. An Investigation followed, but uo
to yesterday the culprit escaped detection.
Early yesterday a letter containing
marked bills and addressed to a man in
Salem, Or., was mailed. Another, con
taining $13 in marked bills, was mailed to
Llvermore. but when the mail got to Oak
land the former letter was found, but
the bills were missing. The letter ad
dressed to Livermore had disappeared.
Later in the day Perez was arrested ana
in his stockings, when he was searched
before Chief Inspector Munro, the miss
ing bills were found. In his pocket was
found a letter addressed to Verena
Schweitzer. Oak Valley. Cal., to whom it
was thought the letter would carry a val
entine and a nickel. Poroas admitted hav
ing taken the money under the impres
sion that it was a five-dollar piece. The
nickel and valentine were found In his
pocket. :'.,-•-'
Perez is a divorced man. about 28 years
of age, and lived with his brother, at 310
Castro street. He was appointed a sub
stitute In the Postofflce on May 15. IRSS.
and was promoted to a clerkship in De
cember. 1895. Of late he has been living
apparently beyond his means and the fact
that he has been losing money on the
races brought him in the range of suspi
cion. His detection was the result and a
long term In prison now confronts him.
HAD THE STOLEN MONEY
HIDDEN IN HIS SOCKS
MAIL CLERK FEBEZ TRAPPED
WITH MARKED BILLS. .
Potind on His Person "With. Other
Evidences of Crime — Admits
His Guilt.
Thomas >». Perez, for five years a confi
dential clerk In the mailing division of the
main Postofflce on Washington street, in
this city, has been caught stealing money
from letters that passed through his
hands and this morning he will waive.
examination before United States Com
missioner Heaeock and acknowledge In
the United States District Court that he Is
guilty of the felony charged.
Perez was arrested by Postofflce In
spector Irwin and Policeman Mlley. and
In his stockings and pockets were found
many stolen bills which were Identified
beyond the possibilty of a doubt by means
of private marks which had been placed
upon thrm. When he round that the case
against him was too strong to break down
with any power at his command he im
mediately waived the formality of a trial
and offered to plead guilty.
About three years ago complaint? began
to come to the Postal Inspectors that let
ters containing coin and bills had dlsap-
BAD NEWS
FOR CALIFORNIA
GRAPE GROWERS
Zante Currants to Be
Admitted Free.
The effect of Judge Morrow's decision in
the United States Circuit Court on March
18, 1896, in re Wise, otherwise known as
the Zante currant case, has been upset by
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals for the . Second Circuit, in which
New York City is located.
• Judge Morrow decided that Zante cur
rants are not currants, but seedless
grapes, and that the name was one by
which the dried variety grown In the
island of Zante or elsewhere was known
to commerce. It was shown at the trial
here that no dried currants had been pro
duced on the island of Zante for some
years, but that the. bulk of Zante cur
rants were produced on islands near by.
Hence, under the tariff act of August 2S
1894, it was decided that they were duti
able at l\b cents per pound. The decision
gave Kreat satisfaction to California grape
growers interested in the culture of Seed
less Sultana and Thompson's Seedless v.i
rlety of California raisins, which are su
perior in size, cleanliness ' and flavor to
the so-called Zante currant.
The Circuit Court of Appeals in N»w
York has decided that as the currants in
the case appealed by the Hills Brothers
Company were the product of the Islands
adjacent to that of Zante and known as
Amalias and Provincials- they were other
than Zante currants and therefore ad
missible, free of duty.
Object to Panhandle Condemnation.
A delegation of property owners along
the route of the proposed park panhan
dle visited the Mayor yesterday for the
purpose of protesting against the manner
in which the condemnation proceedings
for the acquisition of the property are to
be pursued. The delegation consisted of
Messrs. Humphreys, Bryan, Pritchard
and Greenwood and was accompanied by
Attorney H. A. Clement. The claim was
made that the proposition to condemn the
property without consulting the property
owners and before any provision was
made for paying for the land was mani
festly unfair, and a request was maae
that the whole matter be referred to a
board ot arbitration to decide on 'the val
ues of the property.
to be his lawful wife and he answered
yes. Then 1 asked Mrs. Craven If she
took him to be her lawful husband and
she said she did. Then I went over the
same marriage ceremony I always used.
"They enjoined me to secrecy until one
or the other should give me permission to
ppeak, and I kept it a secret until Mrs.
lair in company of Attorney Louis F.
Uunand and Town Trustee Sylva. met me
a few months ago and asked me to go over
the matter with her.
"I cannot remember the exact date of
the marriage. It was some time prior to
the election of IR?2. the last time I was
elected to the- office of Justice of the
peace. I could not say what month or
•what day of the month. I made a record
of the fact In a memorandum book of the
kind commonly used by collectors. I used
two of these books. In one I kept a rec
ord of marriages and In the otner data
regarding the school census. In. the big:
fire of July 15. 1894, they were lost. I was
living: in the upper story of the building
and my office was on the ground floor. I
tried to save my household effects and
lost most of my office furniture and offi
cial records.
"In the latter part of last July or Au
gust Mrs. Fair, Attorney Louis F. Dunand
and Town. Trustee A. Sylva met me on
the street and Mrs. Fair asked me if I
remembered the facts. I said I did, and
she asked me if I would be willing to tes
tify to them. I told her I would. At the
SPRING VALLEY UNDER
THE FIRE OF INQUIRY
Continued from Twelfth Page.
the reason that it wa3 more difficult to
deliver and there was no register on the
quantity of water that might be used by
the ship owners except the capacity of
th» steamer tanks.
At the mention of meter rates Mayor
Phr>lan asked if it was not a fact that the
Spring Valley company had refused to
furnish water at met°r rates to the Visi
tation Valley Water Company at a time
when its wells ran dry. Mr. Booker re
plied that such was tho fact and the rea
son was that his company did not feel
that It was a business proposition to sell
¦water nt meter rates to a rival that would
peddle it out to its patrons at a profit. He
raid his company had offered to supply
the patrons of the Visitation company di
rect. This statement was corroborated
by Mr. Schussler and Attorney Kellopsr.
who voiced various reasons for the action.
Supervisor Macuire. who had a well
from which he supplied ten or twelve fam
ilies through a llt*.!e water company of
his own. wanted to know why the Spring
Valley company had refused to supply
them at meter rates. Mr. Booker reptied
that the ordinance provided that families
should be supplied at fixed rates. At this
Mr. Magulre said something about there
being a Joker in the ordinance and the
committee adiourned to meet next Friday
evening at 7:30 o'clock.
IN MEMORY OF
A NOTED WOMAN
The W. C. T. U. Speaks in
Praise oT the Late Miss
Frances Willard.
The Woman's Christian Temperanca
Union held impressive exercises at thu
organization's rooms on McAllister street
yesterday in commemoration of the sec
ond anniversary of the death of the noted
temperance lecturer. Miss Frances V.'ll
lard. Mrs. S. B. McCoy, president of the
local union, presided and led the gather-
Ing in prayer.
The proKramme was replete with remin
iscences of the life of the noted woman.
Mrs. L. F. Luse giving many Interesting
points In her able paper. Mrs. M. (\
Lord and Mrs. Spencer also told many
anecdotes in connection with the life
work of Miss Wlllard. Music and a paper
by Mrs. Maria F. Gray on "Peace nnj
Arbitration" completed the Interesting
exercises.
On Sunday evening the anniversary of
the death of Miss Wlllard will be ob
served at Dr. Wilson's church on Howaid
street. Mr. A. M. Dewey will addre-* th«
congregation, choosing- for his thpmo
"Christian Citizenship, with Special Ref
erence to the Life and Work of Miss
¦VVlllard."
same time I remarked that I did not like
to become mixed up in the case at all, but
if it was necessary for me to do so 1
would." r
Attorney Lafe Pence states that the op
ponents of his client became aware two
weeks ago that the person who officiated
at the marriage of Mrs. Craven and Sen
ator Fair was golnj? to be produced in
court, and since then have been movlnc
heaven and earth in the attempt to dis
cover his identity. According to Attorney
Pence hired detectives have been shad
owing the movements of everybody, con
nected with his side of the celebrated
case.
"It cost them just about $80,000. exclu
sive of attorney's fees, for the services
of stenographers, detectives, handwrit
ing experts and photographers when the
deed case was tried." he said, "and the
executors of the estate are likely to du
plicate that amount In the present litiga
tion. A lump sum of SSOOO was paid to
Curtin's Detective -Agency at one time.
"As regards the existence of hotel reg
isters In which the late Senator mane
entries of 'James G. Fair and wife.' while
traveling through points in the interior of
the State, I do not care to speak at pres
ent. No, I will not deny that they exist,
or that we now have them in our pos
session. I simply care to make no state
ment whatever at this time."
One of Attorney Pence's associates Is
the authority for a humorous tale regard-
Ing the m. stake of a detective who had
been "shadowing" the lawyer for a week
and finally discovered something that
caused him to make a report to head
quarters. A day later he discovered some
thing else, something that so catered to
his own idea of the humorous that the de
tective himself related his mistake to the
author of the tale and laughed heartily
at his own blunder. v -
"It seems t*-at after he had kept a
close 'tab' on Mr. Pence's movements for
a week," said the informant, "the detect
ive saw him leave his office one evening
with a lady and "take a car. He followed
the two and later handed in a report that
on the eveninK in question Mr. Pence had
been sfen to leave his office with a hand
some, black-eyed woman. The two board
ed a car and when they left it went into
a house on the corner of Shrader anl
Beulah streets. The detective was or
dered to find out the identity of the wo
man and the character of the house. The
next day he discovered that the- 'hand
some, black-eyed woman' was Mr. Pencw's
wife, and that the house was their resi
dence. He had spent a week in finding
out that now and then Mr. Pence was in
the habit of going home with his wife."
RECORDER G. W. SIMPTON OF SAUSALITO.
THIS MAX'S TESTIMONY MAY DIVIDE THE FAIR ESTATE.
MR. ISAAC BROCK, BORN IN BUNCOMBE CO., N. C. MARCH 1, 1788,
Says: "I attribute my extreme old age to the use of Pe-ru-na,"
Born before Unitsd States
was formed.
Saw 22 Presidents elected.
Pe-ru-na has protected him
from all sudden changes.
Veteran of four wars.
Shod a horse when 99 years
old.
Always conquered the
grippe with Pe-ru-na.
Witness in a land suit at
agre of 1 10 years.
Believes Pe-ru-na the great-
est remedy of the age for
catarrhal diseases.
Isaac Brock, a citizen of McLennan
County, Texas, has lived for 111 years.
For many years he resided at Bosque
Falls, eighteen miles west of Waco, but
now lives with his son-in-law at Valley
Mills, Texas.
A short time ago. by request. Uncle
Isaac came to "Waco and sat for his
picture. In his hand he held a stick cut
from the grave of General Andrew Jack-
son, which has been carried by him ever
since. Mr. Brock Is a dignified old gentle-
man, showing few signs of decrepitude.
Ills family Bible Is still preserved, and It
shows that the date of his birth was writ-
ten 111 years ago.
Surely a few words from this remarka-
ble old gentleman, who has had 111 years
of experience to draw from, would be In-
teresting as well as profitable. A lengthy
biographical sketch Is given of this re-
markable old man in the Waco Times-
Herald, December 4. IS9B. A still more
pretentious biography of this, the oldest
living man. illustrated with a double-
column portrait, was given the readers of
the Dallas Morning News dated December
11. 1898, and also the Chicago Tlmes-
Herald of same date. This centenarian
SIMPTON TALKS OF FAIR'S MARRIAGE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1900.
Tells How He Escaped the Terrors
of Many Winters by Using Peruna.
Is an ardent friend of Pe-ru-na. having
used It many years.
In speaking of his good health and ex-
treme old age. Mr. Brock says:
"After a man has lived in, the world as
long as I have he ought to have found
out a great many things by experience. I
think I have done so.
"One of the things I have found
out to my entire satisfaction is
the proper remedy for ailments
that are due directly to the ef-
fects of the climate. For 111
years I have withstood the change-
able climate of the United States.
"I have always been a very healthy
man. but of course subject to the little
affections which are due to sudden
changes In the climate and temperature.
During my long life I have known a
great many remedies for coughs, colds,
catarrh and diarrhoea.
"I had always supposed these affections
to be different diseases. For the last ten
or fifteen years I have been reading Dr.
Hartman's writings. I have learned much
from his books, one thing In particular—
that these affections are the same and
that they are properly called catarrh.
•'As for Dr. Hartman's remedy,
Pe-ru-na, I have found It to bs the
best. If not the only, reliable rem-
edy tor these affections. It has
been my standby for many years,
and I attribute my good health and
extreme old aga to this remedy.
"It exactly meets all my requirements.
It protects me from the evil effects of
sudden changes: It keeps me in good ap«
petite; It gives me strength; It keeps my
blood In good circulation. I have come to
rely upon It almost entirely for the many
little things for which I need medicine.
*'I believe it to be. valuable to old people,
although I have no doubt it is Just aa good
for the young. I should be glad If my
sincere testimony should become tho
means of others using this remedy. b«-
cause I believe It to be the greatest rem-
edy of this age for catarrhal diseases.
"When epidemics of la *rippe first began
to make their appearance in this country
I was a sufferer from this disease.
"I had several long sieges with
the grippe. At first I did not know
that Pe-ru-na was a remedy for
this disease. When I heard that
la grippe was epidemic catarrh I
tried Pe-ru-na for la grippe and
found It to be just the thing.
"It has saved me several times from
a siege of the grippe. I feel perfectly
safe from this terrible malady so long aa
I have Pe-ru-na at hand. I hope that Dr.
Hartman may live to be as old aj» I am.
to continue the good -work of teaching the
people the value of his great remedy, Pe-
ru-na.
"Very truly yours.
dktwjl.
For a free book on catarrh address the
Pe-ru-na Medicine Co.. Columbus. O.
5Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany thes« excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Lou: »
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday anil
Friday. Ticket office, <C 8 Market street.
VELVET AND ERMINE MANTLE.
The carriage mantle represented is abso
lutely new. It is composed of a tight
fitting Jacket of black velvet, with stole
collar of ermine, partly concealed in front
by a full pelerine of drab velvet, bordered
and lined with ermine. Nothing Is vis
ible behind but the pelerine.
WHY GREAT BRITAIN CANNOT WIN.
Original Views of an Influential Boer Who Has
Studied the Transvaal Situation.
p-p^HERE Is a strong suspicion that the defection of the Cape Afrikanders to the
I forces of the- two republics Is much more general than the censored news
I received In Europe would lead one to suppose. Mlddleburg, Paarl. Vlc-
J. torla West. AVorcester, Wellington, Malmesbury have not yet been Invaded
by the Boers, but the population is in a state of ferment, as the Enslish cor
respondents Inform their papers. Members of some of the best families have
Joined the Boers. The son of Mr. Theron, member of the Cape Parliament, wired
to his father: "Farewell! I'm off to the front." Theron sent the message to
Sir Alfred Milner with the short remark: "This is my only son!"
We summarize the following from the Gotha Petermann's Mittheilungen, as to
the relative strength of the Dutch and Anglo-Saxon elements:
The official British statistics furnish no clew as regards the number of
Dutch, but the church registers of the three great Dutch churches do. TJey
have a registered membership of 350,000. All these may be reckoned as sympathiz
ers with the Boers. Dutch Afrikanders of the towns and mines who have been
Anglicized are not Included in this estimate. But even with these, the English
element number hardly 140,000. exclusive of the troops as there are lOOuo to
20,000 of other nationalities. Of the white population in the republics. 250.000 are
Hoers, 60.000 British and 40.000 other "UiUanders." Throughout all South Africa
there are 6-15,000 Boers, 245,000 British and 9*3.000 other whites.
¦ . ¦ • • -•¦• -*,"-.,
It is claimed that illiteracy Is less common among the Boers of Cape Col
ony than in England, and that although the wealthy Boers prefer on the whole
to lead the life of country gentlemen, the percentage of highly educated men i»
greater among them than among the same class in England The ideas that this
class entertain concerning England are probably fairly well represented In the
following communication addressed by an Afrikander, then resident In London, to
the London Times several weeks ago:
We are not as ignorant as British statesmen and newspaper writers, nor are
we such fools as you British are. We wanted delay, we got it, and are now prac
tically masters. We know facts, Buch as the following:
I. The powers do not Intend you to get possession of the Transvaal gold. After
encouraging you to believe that they will not interfere, they will assist us direct
ly or indirectly to drive you out of Africa. 1-iZ'l,
2 We know that you dare not take the precautions necessary, to prevent this,
as your lazy, dirty, drunken .working classes will not allow themselves to be taxed
sufficiently to preserve the empire. .
3 We know that you are permitted to exist as a power only on suffrance.
Tou'must truckle to the United States or starve. If the Americans stop your food
there will be rebellion, for patriotism does not exist among your working classes.
4 For fifty years you have been too prosperous. There is no nerve In you.
Your hired soldiers are the dregs of the population, deficient In all physical,
moral and mental qualities that make good fighting men.
5 Your officers are either pedantic scholars or frivolous society men. Even tha
Af l dl Vo V ur re m I c 1 n r are h So weakened 'by "loaihsome diseases that they cannot en
dure the hardships of war.
s! Your statesmen lack will power and shirk responsibility as much as pos
9" Your big navy is corruptly administered.
10 We know that your men are lnferlor.as marksmen not only to the Ger
mans, French and Americans, but also to the Japanese, Afridls. Chileans,
Peruvians, Belgians and Russians. \ _ Vi."'""' '».
11. -\ve know that the British people would rather be conquered than be com
pelled to v s c c g 0 e er a s s k s^. e^ at lt Is not our destiny to te governed by British curs,
but that we will drive you from Africa, leaving the other manly nations to divide
the rest of your empire.
Talk no 'more of Boer ignorance. In a little while you will be imploring the
great German Emperior to help you. for your humiliations are not yet com
plete. Three hundred thousand Dutch heroes will trample you under foot. We
can afford to tell you the truth now^ ¦
WAYS THAT ARE DARK
SHOULD the Supervisors carry out the recom
mendation of the Finance Committee, this city
will for some time to come be literally a com
munity of "ways that are dark." The recommenda
tion is that from March 1 to July 1 the. street lamps
shall be unlighted. That means that during the four
months of March, April, May and June the city is to
have no lights except such as shine through the win
dows of shops and barrooms. At least two of these
months are within the rainy season, when the nights
are apt to be clouded and »yen the starlight obscured.
Thus for many nights we are to have the blackness of
Egyptian gloom, and a carnival time for all the
criminal classes that prowl in the dark.
The excuse for this outrage upon the community
is that of economy and reform. The people put trust
in the loud vauntings of the reformers at the last elec
tion, and now they receive the reward which never
fails those who are credulous enough to believe the
professions of that class of politicians. It was in a
condition of mental darkness that the suffrages of the
people were given" to' the reformers, and it is in four
months of physical darkness they will have to repent
their folly.
It is now conceded by the reformers themselves that
it will cost more money to conduct the municipal
government under the new charter than under the
consolidation act. They are ready to make that.con
cession, for they arc now in office and have no fur
ther use for misrepresentation and buncombe. m More
money is needed and more money will have to be
forthcoming, and until it is forthcoming the city is to
be in darkness and. the people are to stay at home at
night, carry lanterns, or take their chances with
thieves, thugs and hoodlums in the gloom.
Some of the reformers have grown weary of the
consequences of their folly and have begun to devise
ways and means for avoiding them. Assessor Dodge
is one of that class. He recently concocted a scheme
to raise the assessment of property in San Francisco
to the extent of $100,000,000, and requested the State
Board of Equalization to connive at the fraud with
out taking advantage of it. His request was that the
State Board should cut down the assessment he pro
poses to make by $100,000,006, so as to prevent San
Francisco property from being taxed to that amount
for State purposes, while the tax was collected for
municipal purposes.
It is to such a condition we. have been brought by
the Phelan reformers. The Assessor is to put us up
to tricks that are vain, and the Supervisors are to
reduce us to ways that are dark. In the nights of
gloom when the taxpayer wends his way home
through the unlighted streets he will have ample op
portunity to meditate upon the ways of political re
formers in general and the Phelanites in particular,
and if he escape the dangers of the dark he will know
how to vote when the next municipal election takes
For the present there appears no remedy for the
evil. At the very threshold of the new era, at the
very time when the expanding commerce of the Pa
cific Ocean is likely to attract most attention to San
Francisco, we are to exhibit ourselves as a. back
number town — as the only city of its size in the
civilized world without street lighting at night.
TO AMEND THE CARTER.
BY the subtle skill of Attorney Pillsbury the new
charter was dra-.vn up in such a way as to de
prive the municipal government of authority to
supervise and regulate telephone companies. Flushed
with gratification at the success of the trick and san
guine oi their power to defy the people, the telephone
companies have announced a determination not only
to maintain their present exorbitant rates and old
abuses, but to shirk their taxes by shifting them upon"
the patrons of the line. "We sha'l put the taxes in
the bill," said the secretary of the company, "and
then we shall sec some lively kicking."
Jt is one of the good things of this world that the
law of compensation works out redress for almost all
evils. "He that roars for liberty faster binds the
tyrant's power, and the tyrant's cruel glee forces on
the freer hour." The ululation of the telephone men
over their "cinch" upon the public has aroused popu
lar indignation, and there is a bright prospect ahead
of 5 redress that will be drastic and lasting.
The people have two avenues of redress against the
exactions and the tax-shirking of the telephone com
pany. By one they can appeal to the Legislature.
By the other the\- can take the matter in their own
hands and amend the charter so as to restore to the
municipality in rightful power to supervise all cor
porations operating under municipal franchises and
controlling public utilities. The first avenue can be
resorted to only when the Legislature meets next
winter. In the meantime, therefore, it will be worth
¦ bile to make use of the second.
The charter provides that whenever 15 per cent of
the voters at the previous municipal or State election
<hall petition the Supervisors to call an election for
the purpose of amending the charter, it shall be the
duty of the Supervisors to do so. and to make all pro
visions for it. Under that clause it is in the power
of the people to restore to the municipality the power
of which it was cheated by the cleverness of the tele
phone attorney.
Since the telephone company appears determined
neither to pnt a «top to its exactions nor to pay its
tu\es. it will be well for the people to take steps at
once to call for an election for such an amendment.
The issue is one of the highest importance, because if
tl:e telephone company be permitted to shift it? taxes
o;>on the public, other corporations will follow the
evil example. The attention of public-spirited citi
zens should be given to the issue at once. As it stands
the charter is gravely defective in exempting one cor
poration from a rule that applies to all others, and
the defect should be remedied without delay.
cans of Congress a blunder in party politics as well as
in statecraft. In 1896 the Republicans pledged them
selves to re-enact a protective tariff, maintain the gold
standard and provide for American shipping. Two
of those pledges have been fulfilled. The gold stan
dard has been firmly upheld, a comprehensive protec
tive tariff is in force, and, despite the efforts of Ka.<
son to weaken it by one-sided reciprocity, treaties,
will continue in force. There" remains the shipping
industry of the country to be provided for, and that
duty should be attended to before the Presidential
campaign opens.
In a broader view of the case, it will be unfortunate
for every industry of the nation if the shipping bill be
not passed, for at this juncture in our affairs the wel
fare of all is dependent upon the expansion of our
commerce and the transportation of our surplus
products to foreign markets. The protective tariff it
self will be hardly more beneficial to the country than
this measure, vhich is designed- to supplement it by
giving protection to our industries on sea as well as
on land.
The opposition is powerful. The subsidized steam
ship companies of the Old World dread the menace
of American competition, and they rind not a few allies
in our own country to co-operate with them in their
efforts to prevent such competition. Added to their
strength is all that of the inveterate free traders, who
oppose anything in the way of governmental aid to
industry. It is a formidable force to overcome, but
the strength that supports the bill is strong enough to
master it. Republicans who are resolute in the con
test will find the people. with them on election day.
5 •¦¦"'- ¦ ®
ffi - gjL
& • - . ' • 2
S IO oo33L*ts for IO §
H Monopol Tobacco Works §
PAPER DRESS
AND MASQUE
Dance, Tea, and Luncheon
Keep the Swell Set
Busy. •
Novelty and originality were the two
striking features of the paper dress
ir.asque given by Miss Charlotte Ellin
wood at the home of her parentson Pa
"lflc avenue last evening. , It was madly
merry, as all entertainments of Its Ilk
should be, and the informality which
characterized the affair added not a little
to ¦ the jollity. The decorations of the
home were exceptionally beautiful. . and
wild bridal wreaths, ferns and grasses
were utilized in the production of the
pleasing results. • . .
Mrs. EUinwood received the guests,
some seventy-five young people, each one
of whom seemed costumed In more gor
geous paper array, than the others. Miss
Elllnwood made a fascinating red paper
oonov. AmU her itieud. Miss lUakem&n.
John Mulholland Fails.
John Mulholland of this city filed a pe-
tition in inaolvency yesterday in tha
United States District Court. His liabili-
ties are $1217 10 and he has no assets.
The Great West will hail with delight the latest
news from ' Washington. It is to the effect that the
House Committee- on Mines and Mining has decided
to report favorably on a measure providing for a De
partment of Mines, with a Secretary in the Presi
dent's Cabinet. Score one for the miners.
Edward Dunne of Chicago has a get-rich-quick
scheme that he claims to have brought out for the
benefit of the world at large. His main object, how
ever, seems to be to take in the daily increasing family
of suckers under the name of "done." The postal
authorities are looking into his case.
The Supervisorial inquiry' into .the subject of water
rates has revealed the fact that William F. Herrin is
a consulting attorney for the Spring Valley Water
Company. With. whom he consults, however, is left
as a matter for interesting speculation.
It was necessary for the Paris police the other day
to (|ttell a riot, smash several heads and make whole
sale arrests in order that a nihilist might be buried.
This may be another instance, of the force of one's
opinions continuing after death.
The German Agrarians have declared they will not
vote for the Kaiser's naval programme unless the
Kaiser will shut American products out of Germany,
but perhaps the Kaiser can find a way of persuading
them to be reasonable. \ ¦
•The tariff on lives in our local Chinese colony will
now probably be reduced to meet the demand. The
penitential season of New Year is • over ' and the
hatchetmen are returning to town ready for work.
If the Chinese continue to hide the bodies of their
dead in Chinatown, it might be a measure conducive
of. health for the Board of Health to appoint a grave
yard inspector for the district.
The Fastest Train Across tho Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa F» Roata.
Connecting trains leare at S p. in. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of. any Hn« Vt
the East. Ticket office. KS Market street.
No buffet should be without a bottle of Dr.
Siegert'a Angostura Bitters, the South Ameri-
can appetizer and lnvigorator. ,»•,
ThE SHIPPING BILL.
f* OCCIDENT with the report from Washing
[• ton that the shipping bill may not be taken up
at this session of Congress comes the announce •
ment that the trans-Atlantic mail service is seriously
affected by a lack of steamships to carry it. The Brit
ish have withdrawn a good many Atlantic steamers
for the transportation of troops to South Africa, and
the United States has none to take their place.
Commenting upon the situation the Boston Trans
cript said on February 1: "The taking off of the
Etruria for transport service has led to various irregu
larities iti our foreign mails. The Pennsylvania has
been held to take her mails from this side, and the
Germanic has suffered a similar fate in taking the
mails of the Umbria." To that statement of fact is
added: "Postal authorities are agreed in the opinion
that an American line of mail steamers given a
proper subsidy would bring about an improvement at
once in mail service, not only by the actual carrying
of mails from this country on Wednesdays and Sat
urdays of each week, but by stimulating the British
lines to activity and toning up the foreign service.
At present the mails for this country from England
are taken at Liverpool, although the last land touched
is at Queenstown. Were the foreign mails carried
by the American line, for instance, they might be
taken on at Southampton, some nineteen hours later,
r.rTording another business day's mail an opportunity
to be fonvarded quickly to this country. From the
point of view of the postal service, nnd of course this
is more or less the point ofr.view of every business
house with foreign correspondents, an American mail
subsidy would prove of immense value."
That is but one of the many evidences the time
affords of the urgency of the upbuilding of
our merchant marine. It is an important
phase of the issue, ' but by no means- the most
important, for we need a merchant marine to
carry our commerce as, well as to carry the mail. It
is, however, a pertinent. subject for consideration,
since it has happened just at" trie time when Congress
is apparently hesitating to enact the shipping bill the
country demands.
To neglect to provide for our merchant marine at
this session would be upon- the patt of the Republi-
Congressman Sulzer has astounded his friends by
an unexpected exhibition of common sense. He says
he has troubles of his own and positively declines
»o be yoked to William Jennings Bryan in the Presi
dential race.
Postal Changes.
A. R. Imbrie. clerk, and I. C. Gross,
first-class carrier in the San Francisco
Postofflce. have been detailed for duty In
the Philippines at, the Manila Postofflco.
wore a similar gown. These two charm
ing pirls, with their paper dresses alike in
every feature, added not a little to the
general merriment by the clever way. In
which they succeeded in mystifying the
guests. . "' iZ. 1 ;
General dancing and a cotillon, for
which dainty valentines were distributed
as favors, made up the pleasures of the
Mrs. W. D. O'Kane gave a delightful
tea at her home on Broadway yesterday
afternoon complimentary to Mrs. Duperu
and Miss Tillie Feldmann. The hours of
the tea were from 4 till 6. during which
time about 100 ladles called to pay their
respects to the charming hostess and- her
guests of honor- .
The elegant home, so splendidly adapted
for entertaining, was gorgeous with gold
en acacia and violets, with palms, ferns
and long grasses for a background. In
the drawing-room red was the prevailing
tone and brilliant carnations and dainty
valentines were used with delightful ar
tistic effects.
Ten young ladles assisted Mrs. O'Kane
in receiving her guests, and in the even-
Ing the receiving party were joined by an
equal number of gentlemen at dinner.
Miss Therese Morgan gave a dainty
luncheon yesterday at her home on Clay
street- It was a strictly Informal affair,
but nevertheless charming.
Lieutenant Lyman "Welch and Miss
Edith Knowlton were married yesterday
afternoon at the apartments of the bride's
father. Major Joseph Knowlton, in th<*
Hotel St. Nicholas. It waa a very quiet
affair and only relatives and immediate
friends witnessed the -ceremony, at which
Dr. Mackenzie officiated.
The bride wore an exquisite white satin
Gulllet'9 Ire Cream and Cakes. 905 LarSla s:.»
CaL glace fruit 50c per Xt> at Townsend'a.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
AIR AS A LUBRICATOR.
ACCORDING to one of our Scotch exchanges
there has been recently tested on the Tay an
invention which promises to be of even more
advantage to ocean transportation than the famous
Turbina, of which so much was heard a year or so
ago. The latter invention is one of mechanism, and
can be made use of in a steamship only by displacing
a considerable part of the machinery now employed.
The new one can be used in any kind of a steamship
and with any kind of machinery, since it consists
solely in providing a lubricator, which will permit the
ship to pass through the water with little or no fric
tion.
It is well known that when a steamer is propelled
through the water she meets with a degree of resist
ance that varies with her speed. As the inventor, R.
S. Baxter, is quoted as putting it: "It is a case of
one body being forced to slide upon another without
the intervention of a suitable third body between them
?o act as lubricator." It is said the only substance
that can be profitably used between the ship and the
tea as a lubricant is air, and the inventor claims to
have devised a ireans by which its use is made prac
ticable.
The "aspirator." as the machine is called which
supplies the air, is described as being self-acting and
Without any moving part*. It is a V-shaped air
channel, which passes down the vessel's stem as far
as the keel, and in most cases goes a certain distance
along the keel. Tins channel may be cither inside
cr outside the vessel, and is provided with certain
protected openings or ports constructed in such a
v.':v that the water rushing past them produces a
minus pressure within them, and consequently draws
oft a continuous stream of air, which, passing along
the subu:crged surface of the ship, cuts off the im
!¦¦¦ diate contact with the water, and therefore the
w.ter friction.
It is the claim of the inventor that by means of
his proces- a rtcamer make*; her voyage in a con
tii.'jous air jacket. The air of course ultimately rises
to the surface of the water, but if the ship be goin^
r't a fair degree of speed «he will pass her whole
!r:-glh through the air current before it escapes. It
i> >aid that in the experiments made with steamships
CJi the Tay there was an increase of speed amounting
to from 2\ to 26 per cent of the ordinary speed of th*
fhip, and it v.-as noted that the greater percentage of
increase was in ships that had the greater speed. to
The lets made in the Tay can hardly be taken as
sr.^cient demonstration of the usefulness of the in
v<:ition. It appear?, however, to be one that can be
cVsily tried and without great cost on ocean steam
er?. If the claims of the inventor, therefore, be Well
founded it will not be long before the air-jacket will
be used on nlmost every steamship that crosses the
!fi. We fhail then have not only air-brakes on our
j^ilroads lv-it air lubricants on our ships, and per
haps, rrc ionfr. condensed air or liquid air to run the
mechanism of both.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BRITISH SOLDIERS— A. O. S.. City-
There ls.no conscription law In England,
consequently there cannot be any draft
ing of citizens for the army.
BONDS— E. i;.. City. United . States
bonds are not exempt from execution on
an attachment— that is. if the officer hold
ing the papers can lay his hands on them.
SPAXISII-AMEIUCAN WAR — The
Spanish-American war commenced Thurs
day. April 21, ISM. at 7 a. m. On Friday,
August 12. ISOS. at 4:23 p. m. the peace pro
tocol waa signed and armistice proclaimed,
which was virtually the end of the war.
The treaty of peace was signed at Paris,
France. Saturday, December 10, 1593.
THE VOTE FOR HAIGHT- M. 8..
City. At the election held In this Stata
September 4. 1*67. Henry H. Hatcrht. can
didate for Governor, received 43,005 votes;
George C. Gorham, 40,33i>. and Caleb T.
Fay. 2038. At the succeeding election,
September 6. 1823, Newton Booth received
62.551 votes and Henry H. Haight 57,030.
NAVIGATION— C. A. E.. City. A young
man who desires to study navigation,
"but does not desire to remain before the
mast all his life; to tread the quarterdeck
being- hia ambition." can study navigation.
In schools for that purpose. The depart
ment of Answers to Correspondents can
not advertise schools that teach •. navigi
tion. .
NAVIGATION SCHOOLS-C. A. E..
City. If you were the "careful reader"
you declare you are you would have no
ticed that this department does no', ad
vertlse private Institutions nor any liusi
ness whatever, and consequently couKl
not, through the paper, give you the
names and addresses of navjgattOT
schools. Had you been a close reader you
would have noticed In this department
that if you had sent your name and ad
dress with a 2-cent stamp for reply by
mail, you would have received the >-epiy
long ago and would have saved yourse'f
the trouble of writing a second letter of
Inquiry. •
TWO ASPECTS OF IMPERIALISM.
—Rocky Mountain News.
gown trimmed with rare old lace. There
was no bridal party. Lieutenant and Mrs.
Welch left last evening for the south,
¦where the honeymoon will be spent.
The ladles of the Forum Club listened
yesterday afternoon to a dellphtful lecture
on Shakespeare's Portia by Howard Mal
colm Tichnor. Mr. Tichnor's paper was
voted an interesting and delightful suc
cess by the club members, who finished
the afternoon around the tea table.
If there be any set of people who are fully and truly
opposed to the Hay-Pauncefotc treaty it is Panama
canal boomers. The project of the Nicaragua enter
prise under the treaty reduces their scheme to the
limbo of dead hopes.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1900.
THE POLICE COMMISSION.
,\ A .AYOR PHELAN has been baffled in his ef
/ V fort to turn the. Police Department over tc
* * Andrew M. Lawrence and the'gamblers, but
he has found under the charter a means of revenging
himself upon the man who baffled him, and William
J. Biggy has been dismissed from the Police Com
mission. For the present the issue rests with the re
organization of the commission by the -appointments
of William T. Wallace and D. I. Mahoney, and the
election of William P. Sullivan Jr. to the position of
Chief of Police. .With the new order of things the
public will be fairiy weil satisfied. The new Commis
sioners and the new Chief will be given the confidence
of the people to start with, and they will not lose it
unless they betray it.
Out of the controversy Mr. Biggy emerges with
'-honor. Long ago the Examiner said of him:. "He is
[ the sort of man who could make himself felt whether
ihe stood with eleven or alone. If he were in a minor
' ity he would meet every corrupt scheme with an op
! position so vigorous, persistent and' disturbing that
: he would attract the attention of the whole com-
I niunity." As a Police Commissioner Mr. Biggy ful-
I filled the literal and plain meaning of those words,
' bm the false journal that published them is now re
i riling him because he did not give the lie to its com-
I mendation.
• Before the subject is dismissed from public con
sideration it is well that "due attention be given to
certain features of it which arc of permanent interest
because of the light they tlirow upon the character of
the principal persons involved. In the first place, let
Mayor Phelan.be judged by the evidence of his own
statements/ made not in the carelessness of private
conversation, but in the deliberatcness of public docu
ments.
In his communication to the Board of Supervisors
setting forth his reasons for removing Commissioner
Piggy the Mayor refers to the cause which led to his
appointment, and says: "In appointing the Police
Commission I had it at first composed of Messrs.
Thomas, McNutt, .Newhall and David I. Mahoney,
subsequently named as a member of the Board of
Fire Commissioners. The day before the appoint
ments were announced Mr. Biggy made a personal
application and appeal to me for this place, to which
I yielded."
Contrast that statement of the Mayor with tin's,
which he made in an open letter to the Examiner,
published January 17: "I think the character of my
appointees is a sufficient guarantee to the public of
the sincerity of my intentions. I had canvassed their
names in common with others and found them free
from entangling alliances. William Thomas was at
the head of his profession. Dr. W. F. McXutt stood
in the same relation to his profession. W. J. Biggy
had an irreproachable public record, and George A.
Xewhall was a leader among merchants of the city."
Such are two of the statements of the Mayor con
cerning the appointment. In the one he asserts he
had thoroughly canvassed Mr. Biggy's fitness for the
cilice and found him a man. of irreproachable public
record. In the other he "asserts he had not consid
ered Biggy at all, but at the last moment gave tt\e
ofHce at Biggy's personal solicitation.
Both of these statements cannot be true, for the
truth is ever consistent with itself: but both can be
false, for falsehoods are not bound by consistency.
Both of them are false. The truth is given by Mr.
Biggy himself in the announcement that he was given
the appointment to the commission not by Phelan,
but by Lawrence, to whom the Mayor had given the
four Police Commissionerships to be filled by Law
rence's friends.
With that evidence now fairly before the public the
statements of The Call concerning Phelan's ante
election pledges have been proven beyond further
gainsaying. The reformers, moreover, have now a
full revelation of the character of Phclan and of the
kind of men to whom he was and is willing to intrust
the police affairs of the community. In the exppsure
of this shameful agreement and conspiracy we have no
desire to linger. It may be that in politics as in other
matters "all is well that ends well," and in some re
spects this fight has ended to the satisfaction of the
public. The Lawrence bargain has been defeated and
the scheme of the gamblers baffled. For that good
result the public is indebted to*\Villiam J. Biggy. who
retires from office with an unstained honor and the
satisfaction of having saved the city from disgrace
and the people from the corruptions of a wide-open
niURSDAY FEBRUARY 15. 1900
, JOHN D. SPRECKELS.' Proprietor,
.dtiress All Commutations to W. I. LE.AKE. Manager
I : UMCATIOS OPl'lCK..Mnrkpt »n«l Third. S. F.
Trlrpkone Slain ISUS.
! TUTORIAL R00M5.... 217 to 221 Strrennon St.
I'rlrpbanr Main iSTA.
AMUSEMENTS.
IColun-.b.a— "Tlie Viceroy."
• >rxk euC! — Vaud *" rtlle -
TivoM-'-Th* Idol's Eye."
Orand C'j^ra-hr u?»— "AUadln Jr."
Alhambra— J-rri^(i-?hBrke>- Contest Pifturts.
< »!:rorßia— "An Vnconvretiost! Honeymoon."
Alcair.r— "Oh. Fujrannah."
¦ tiute*. Zoo ami Theater-Vsufieville every afternoon and
eveiin«.
POlympta. corner Mam «r.d KH!» »tr»-*t;'— Si>»"r!»lt!r«.
SSectenScsi* PiviiSin-Priie Masqavrade. Sat -j!\Jay X:cht.
U'ratero Turf Afsoe'ation— Kacrs ti>-<!ay.
AUCTION SALES.
Pr New York Auction Oft.— TUMaajr. Fftirtiar/ 2>. at 11
o'e'.'Tck, Government «ipr!'' p *. »t Wl Washington r:r»et.
6
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.WESTERN TUR? ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAn PARK.
FOURTH MEETING. Feb. 12 to 24. Inclusive
Six high-claw running races every week
<!ay. rain or thine. brßlnnmg at 1:30 p. m.
Tut Ideal winter racetrack ot America. Pa-
tror.s Ktep <Sir*ct!y from the railroad cars Into
a superb grantf etand, irla»«-»nclo««fd, where,
ccnrortably housed In tad weather, they can
?njcy an unobstructed view of the races.
Train* leav» Third and Townsend streets at
S •'/¦. 10:44 end il:30 a. m., aad 12:15. 12:35, 12:jv
and 1:25 p. ni.. returning: Immediately after
Jakt race at 4z4Z p. m. Seats in rear cars r£*
nerved for women end their escorts. No tmok-
Ingr. Valencia meet. 10 minutes later.
San and Way Station*— Arrive tt San
Bruno et 12:43 p, m. Leave San Bruno at 4:0)
acd 4:41 p. m.
P.ATES-fin Francisco to Tanfbran and re-
turn, lndudinr idmlMlon to track. SI.2S.
V.'. J.MAP.TIX. President.
F. H. CKE^X, Secretary and Manaser-
THE SPHINX
weighed the balance he was allowed t<v
pass on, into the heavenly realm, where
In some way he became forever more
identified with the god Osiris.
PAUL. E. MORE.
Harvard University.
Lecture on the Social Question.
A. K. Sanborn will deliver a free lectur*
this evening at the Academy of Sciences
Hall. 819 Market street, on the subject,
"Survey of the Social Question."
Insurance.
The Equitable'? annual statement for the
jrar ending December 31. 1699. furnishes
attendant food for thought. The more
prominent features are: Outstanding as
surance. $1,054,416,422 (notwithstanding the
fact that more than thirty-four millions
applied for was declined on examination;
rew assurance issued, $203.301i32; assets,
j'Bo 131 2SI : liabilities. J219.073.509: Furplus,
JCI UT.47S; income. $53>75,201; disburse
ments. J."4.55,2.92<5. leaving of the year's In
come $15,095,275 to the good; a truly mag
r.ificent statement *:or an/ comp.ir.y, and
especially ?oi so young :i company; this
hetr k the fortieth annual staiornent. The
fact that more than twemv-fcur millions
o* dollars was paid to the Equilubla'e
policy holders during the year— an average
of more than two millions a month—lllus
trates the immense good accomplished by
a faithful and sound lift? assurance soci
ety.
CCPPER>.M!TH.
JOSEFH FOX. Supt. 11. BLTTH. M«:r.
rU' SKfTH fh| I> Plumbing. Steamboat
W- n -J.'i.lll and Ship Work a Specialty. II
acd 18 Washington it. Telephone Main 5611.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
FAS RflYF^£ fft EhIPPJn? Butcher*, ici
JAJ- DUIIJII VU-, Cla>\ Tel. Mam 1J34.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues ani Prica Lists Malb i
on Application.
SCHOOL BOARD
CONSOLIDATES
FIVE CUSSES
Attendance Deemed
Insufficient.
TEACHERS ARE TRANSFERRED
Petition for Decrease of Home Study
"Will Be Considered at Next Meet
ing- — Leaves of Absence
Granted.
The Board of Education at Its meeting
yesterday persevered in Its announce!
policy of reducing classes in the public
schools, and as a result five schools will
have one teacher less in the future on the
ground that the average daily attendance
does not warrant the employment of so
many pedagogues as are now In t^e de
partment. The resolution providing for
fhe consolidation state that the efficiency
of the School Department will not in any
way be Impaired by decreasing the num
ber of teachers.
Superintendent AVebstcr has publicly
expressed hlmstif against the consolida
tion of classes and takes the opposite
stand on the question of the efficiency b»
ing Impaired, but consolidation neverthe
less goes merrily on and will go on until
at least fifty teachers find themselves
without positions.' The following consoli
dations were ordered to take effect im
mediately:
Rincon School, one teacher. Miss M. A. Mul
llne; Richmond School, one teacher. teach»r to
be consolidated out not yet selected: Sutro
School, one teacher. Miss M. L. Folsom; Park
School, one teacher. Miss Lucy Wade; Han
cock'School, class consolidated and substitute
recalled.
It was aluo resolved that the outslda class
rooms in the Richmond and Sutro schools be
abolished and that tb« rent of said class rooms
cease March 1: that the pupll3 of the eighth
and ninth grades of the Richmond School be
tranMerred to the Hamilton Grammar School,
or any other school that can accommodate the
said pupils; that Miss M. L. Folsom. being
consolidated from the Putro School be assigned
to the Rincon School during the leave of Mis*
Morton: that- Miss -Lucy Wade, betn* consoli
dated from the Park School, be assigned to the
Rincon School, vice Miss O. B. Chalmers, re
nigmcd: that Miss Agnes McLaushlln be. as
eißned to the Jefferson Pchool vice Mrs. A. H.
Hamlll. deceased: that a leave "f absence be
granted to Mlfs E. A. Keating. Miss Elizabeth
McDonald and Mi!<s Margaret Curry.
Walter S. Brann, a teacher In the Hum
boldt School, who tiled charges of incom
petency, unprofessional conduct and unfit
ness for teaching against E. C. Kllpat
ricU. principal of the Business Evening
School, on January 29. 1529. filed a request
that the board take up the charges. He
said that the Judiciary Committee of the
old board had ordered an investigation,
but Kllpatrick sued out a writ of prohibi
tion, which has been pending since Jan
uary 29, ISO 9. A decision adverse to Kil
patrlck was' recently rendered and the
board is now at liberty to take up the
case. A copy of the charges has been filed
with Chairman Mark and recites that Kil-
Eatrick attempted to blackmail \V W.
•avidson, John Danlells, Miss Nora
AMUSEMENTS.
PHARAOH'S BED
we have no knowledge, and. In fact. It
probably il!d not exist.
The Egyptians seemed chiefly to have
worshiped the sun. and the highest sods
were but names of that luminary. Ihey
were passing through the stage of what
Max Muller has caJled henothelsm. which
is not exactly monotheism, but the habit
of addressing and worshiping now one
god and now another as if he were su
preme, especially the sun-god, as there
are hymns that sound like the psalms to
Jehovah. But beyond this henotheistio
state of mind there comes to light at
times a notion of the deity quite apart
from these nature-gods. Read, for In
stance, these lines from a well-known
hymn:
God Is On» and Alone, and th*re is non« other
with him.
God is a Spirit, a hldvlen Spirit, the Spirit of
Spirits.
God is ihe Truth He liv»s by Truth. He llve»
upon Truth. He is the Klr.g cf Truth.
God is conii>a?*ir>nate to those that fear Him
and hears those who cry unto Him.
For us the religious literature of Egypt
has three points of interest. First, be
cause many of the customs ami rites of the
Jews as related in the Old Tesrament
were probably due to Egyptian influence,
as. for example, the tustom of holding
swine's flesh as unclean. Secondly, be
cause we may take encouragement to our
selve3 in reading the moral precepts of
this ancient people, and in finding that as
far back as time goes morality is still
the same and always a measure of civili
zation. Sometimes these precepts were
quite separated from religion. -*nd In gen
eral we may say that the Egyptians were
more advar.ced in their moral than in
their religious ideaa. Other* of their max
ims breathe a true spirituality, as, for ex
ample, this:
To ob*y ir to love God. but to dieobey la to
hate Him.
And thirdly we may find Interest In th!s
religion because, as Herodotus says. "The
Egyptian* were the first to maintain that
thf soul of man is immortal." In a cer
tain sense this statement Is true, although
it is not to be supposed that the other peo
ples of the world borrowed the doctrine
of immortality from the dwellers on the
Nile.
The Egyptian notions concerning the fu
ture are the result of a conglomeration
of various views, and are so confused thac
it is impossible to give any clear account
of them. Everybody know 3 how -careful
the people were in hewing or building
tombs — the pyramids stand as witness to
this — and in embalming the dead. '"These
tombs," Diodorus informs us. "they
called eternal habitations, and spared no
magnificence in their construction; but
they called the houses of the living Inn 3.
to be inhabited only for a little while, and
took small care to adorn them." We do
not quite understand why the Egyptians
were so careful in building their tombs
and in preserving the dead. They «em
to have had some notion of the resurrec
tion of the body. They also believed in a
sort of double of the man. called hla KA,
¦which hovered near his dead body and re
ceived nourishment from the KA of the
food which was offered up by the man's
relatives in the tomb. All this while the
actual soul of the man was supposed to be
going a journey down a mysterious river
that flowed through the region of death,
as the Nile flowed through Egypt. On the
way he had to encounter a!l sorts of devils
and monsters who attempted to seize him.
and to escape these It was necessary to
repeat certain masie formulae. These
formulae were collected In the so-called
"Book of the Dead." a copy of which was.
commonly buried with the corpse to re
fresh his memory during the Journey, and
which, though of little philosophic or In
trinsic Interest, is much the best known
work of Esryptian literature. At the end
of the Journey the soul entered the great
hall of Judgment, where before Osiris and
forty-two Judges he must give an ac
cov*": of his life. His heart was weighed
In cc arm of the scales and the law of
righteousness In the other. If his heart
A Young Bride
T\'ai planning to furnfsh a house last
¦week and came to us [because she bad
heard we carried . carpets in all : fabrics,
weaves and designs at the famous 750
Mission-street 'low. prices. Indianapolis
Furniture Company. •
HVERT NIGHT <nXCEPT PUN.) MAT SVT
- THE FAMOUS -
BOSTONIANS
In th* Ntwut Work by Victor Herbert. THE
VICEROY.
SUCCESS BETOXD A QUESTION!
Feb. 19 -Last Week~cTTHE BCSTONIANS.
Moniay and Thursday,
"THE SERENADE"
TU«i>v ar-d FrtdJir.
"THE Y/iCEROY."
Wednesday «n4 Saturday Nljfcts and Saturday
"ROBIN HOOD."
SEATS XQTV RE APT.
AND ONLY THIS WEEK.
THE FRAtVLET COMPANY.
AN UNCONVEHTIONALHONEYMOON
i IK) NOT FORGET TO-MORROW. FKIDAT.
V AFTERNOON
MADAME SANS GENE.
RESERVED SEATS-Sae. V*.
SUNDAY AFTERNOON at 2:15.
Tl-» FBtmlect of A!'. Fare* Cotn»KSles.
"WHO IS WHO."
So Betuitifal Girl* A Bijr Lot of Specialties.
.-EATS NOW ON SALE.
—
LVERY ACT oFTHE NEW BILL
A WINNER!
T'.SHMAN. ISOLCOMBI-: and Ct'RTIS In the
• .-:-»! Comedy. 'THE NEW TEACHER."
• Niton * MACK: lIOMALO BROTHERS:
: :TS ar.l DON; FRANK COFFIN: BLACK
TONS: MR. and MRS. PERKINS-
(¦'ISHEB: IRENE FRANKLIN: BIOGUAI'Ii.
LAST WEEK OF
1 F*/\F»IINT/\.
Reserved •*•!¦. Z~>c; ba'.eor.y, 10c; opera chairs
ar-i bex «ats. 50c.
Matln<g« Wednesday. saturfty and Sunday.
(THE PBOFUTB POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PHOrtE. SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING" AT 8:!5.
MATI El- DAILY T 2:15.
Thousand* Unable to Gain Adrni?*!on at Evfry
Performance.
THE R,EA.I_i
JEFFRIES-SHARKEY
CONTEST PICTURES.
CAUTION— The public ie warrM against buy-
:r.*r tickets from fj>*CTjlator». Secure seats only
it box-office fti this theater.
Special rtservatior.s made for visitors from
cut-of-to'wo point*.
Matinee. CCc and Me; Children. ISc. Even-
irps (reserved). IZc. !•"»<?, Sjc. £*.c and Tic.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"EootXon, Nothing's Safa 'ronodfiim "
FIFTH WEEK
Cf tfce Encnsoia Triumph, tbe Comic Opera.
i THE IDOL'S EYE.
Every Evening at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Jnd Fnsiness h Larger Th:n Lver.
POPULAR PRICES* . . 3 and 50 cent*.
Telci>b.ope-Bu»h 9.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
THIS WEEK US™
KTfce itViy farce fi-om the Ua4l*oa Hquare The-
ater, New York, entitled.
M Susannah
R^Tsf D 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE FATURDAT AND SU.VDAT.
VLVk "THE PRODIGAL FATHER"
GRAND OPERAHOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN SB.
JHE CRY IS STILL THEY COME!
CROWDEO NIGIITLT.
GREAT SUCCESS OF THE SECOND EDITION
Of the. Most Glorious of All Extravaganzas.
UFUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good fU-served £<ea.t in Orch»*tra at Saturday
Matinee. Sc
Branch Ticket Office— Err.rorlum.
GRAND
Prize masquerade
—— OV Til 1Z - ¦ —
VEREINEINTRACHT
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900,
ADMISSION, ONE DOLLAR
Reserved Seats 50 cents extra.
Petition to Open Public Streets.
The Board of Public "Works yesterday
referred a petition from residents, of the
Fairmount tract, west of the Southern
Pacific Railroad, to City Engineer
Grunsky for investigation. The petition
contained a request that St. Mary's ave
nue be opened across the railroad tracks
and througrh private property, the depth
of one lot. to Arlington street. The City
Engineer said .the extension desired
would be dangerbus, and suggested that
an overhead crossing a block to the
north be constructed.
The board denied " the request of Mau
rice Casey to build an additional story
on the building at 130 Ellis street, on the
ground that it would conflict with the fire
ordinances.
The Holly Park . and Mission Street
Improvement Club petitioned the board
to open Richmond avenue and East Park
street to Andover street, thereby making
it possible to have the streets graded and
sewered. The City Engineer was in
structed to investigate. JBKBSt
CITY'S ASSESSMENT ROLL.
Board of Equalization Inspects Pre«
liminary Work.
Two members of the State Board of
Equalization— T. O. Toland and Alex
Brown— accompanied by State Controller
Colgan and Secretary C. 11. Coglan. yes
terday paid an Informal visit to Assessor
Dodge for the purpose of ¦ ascertaining
what progress had been made in the pre
liminary work of making up the city's
assessment roll. The members of the
board inspected the- books and expressed
themselves as satisfied with the result.
An informal discussion was held regard
ing what the law contemplates In the
methods to be followed in assessing cor
porations, other than railroad.*, that own
property in various counties of the State
and whose place of incorporation i» in
the city. There appears to be a differ
ence or opinion as to whether the city
or State has power to assess. No con
clusion was arrived at and the matter
was postponed for future consideration.
The assessment roll of the city and coun
ty ' was not mentioned in the discussion
though Assessor Dodge took occasion to
deny that he had ever appealed to any
member of the board with the object of
raising the assessed valuation of this dty
5100.C00.000. Dodge stated that he had no
preconceived Ideas as to what the as
sessment roll would amount to.
AMUSEMENTS.
FURS.
J. 11. LUIJMi;. ,*y[ n ©«.*«; price* ¦•med«!in«
THE ROSETTA STONE.
cipher the Egyptian characters by me?r.3
of the Greek gave the first real Impulse
to the study. But it remained for an
other Frenchman, Champollion. to fnd
the key to these strange figns. He Ik~
gan his study of the language in ISIS, a-.d
in nine years had laid the foundation of
all that has since been done.
The Egyptians employed three kinds cf
¦writing— the hieroglyphic and the. h!«rat
ic, used especially by the priests anl the
demotic, of later origin and less import
ance, used by the people. The hiero
glyphic Is composed of pictures and con
ventional signs, some of which represent
ideas and others mere sounds. Thua, for
instance, the picture of a vulture is 'irawn
to signify the word, and such a picture Is
called an ideograph. The phonetic signs,
on the other hand, form a' sort of ilpha
bet and in a curious, primitive way
Thus the word for lion (as In English) br
gins with L, and accordingly the picture
of a lion is made to stand for the sound
L; the word for noose begins with O, r.r.J
the picture of a noose does duty for tNat
letter. The hieratic was a cursive hand
derived from the hieroglyphic, and was
adopted by the priests as more readily
written than the other.
Inscriptions on stone reach back as far
as the fourth dynasty— that is, to about
4500 It. C. Besides these there are pre
served in the tombs and elsewhere Innu
merable writings on wood and manu
scripts on a sort of paper made of strips
of the Inner fiber of the papyrus reed. In
this way the bulk of Egyptian documents
that have come down to ua is enormous,
extending over a period of about 4000 years
and embracing almost every branch of
literature. Perhaps the most interesting
of the?e documents to us (apart from the
famous "Book of the Dead") are the short
stories, a considerable number of which
have been published in easily accessible
translations. For example, "Egyptian
Tales." edited by W. M. Flinders Petrie,
two volumes: Methuen & Co.. 1395.
It cannot be claimed that these stories
have great intrinsic value as literature.
PTOLEMY II AN -r >
BERNICE.
PTOLEMY I AND
ARSIXOE
(Gold coin struck to announce the deification
of Ptolemy I and his wife.)
But. on the other hand, they do possess
what commonly forms the chief interest
of exotic works; they enable us to trans
port ourselves to strange lands and past
times, and so to extend our sympathies.
To read these stories in chronological or
der would show us that In Egypt fiction
passed through stages very similar to ths
growth of tho modern novel, and as Mr.
Flinders Petrie observes: "It would not
be dllHcult from these papyrus tales -to
start an historical dictionary of the ele
msnts of fiction."
The best of the tales are "The Ship
wrecked Sailor" and "Anpu and Bata."
The former is the story of a sailor cast
upon a magic Island, where he has a
strange adventure with a monstrous ser
pent. "Suddenly." the tale goes. "I heard
a noise as of thunder, which I thought to
be that of a wave of the sea. The trees
shook and the earth was moved. I uncov
ered nay face and I saw that the serpent
drew near. He was thirty cubits long and
his beard greater than two cubits; hi?
body was as overlaid with gold and his
color as that of true lazuli." The other
story, that of the two brothers. "Anpu
acd Bata," tells In simple, beautiful lan
guage the well-known Incident of Joseph
and Potlphar's wife, and this la the more
interesting to us because it Vas probably
enough written about the time of Jo-
Beph/s sojourn in Egypt. There Is, too.
real delineation of character in the story,
and the picture of the young Bata leading
the cattle to the pasture in the morning
and bringing them back in the evening,
with its quaint touches of old world com
munion with nature, forms an idyl of
genuine and permanent value.
Careful study of documents and Inscrip
tions the world over has of course given
REV. B. FAY MILLS TO
SPEAK HERE NEXT SUNDAY
Arrangements have b«-en made for Rev.
Benjamin Fay Mills to deliver in Metro
politan Temple next Sunday at 4 p. m. the
address which attracted the largest con
gregation that ever assembled in the Uni
tarian church at Oakland, filling audito
rium, Sunday school room, parlors, dining
room, galleries and vestibules. The sub
ject was "The Claims of Liberal Religion
on the Modern World.". and it was one of
Mr. Mills' finest efforts. He is said to
have lost none of his evangelical fervor
and magnetic power which ne had when
he attracted audiences of several thou
sand night after night during five weeks
to the Mechanics' Pavilion eight years
ago.
In 1575 Mr. 'Mills was a clerk in a real
estate olßce in this city. When he was 2J
years of age he passeo. his theological ex-,
amination and was ordained to the Con
gregational ministry. He was a promi
nent evangelist for several years, holding
revival meetings with satisfactory results
to all that were associated with him.
Seven years ago he delivered an address
at the Parliament -of- Religions on the
topic. "Christ the Savior of the World."
He gradually changed his theological
views until he announced himself as a
minister ot the Unitarian denomination,
and for two years he preached to large
congregations in Music Hall and HolUs
street Theater, In Boston. He worked at
hfgh pressure, as Is his way, and It be
came necessary for him to take a rest
'and a change of climate. He came to Sac
rampnto upon private business, and the
pastorate of the Unitarian church. Oak
land, being vacant he was invited to (111
it on Sunday mornings for three months
and longer if he should desire to do so.
He has nad large congregations and has
awakened a great interest in religious
subjects. The church people desire that
he should continue hi« services, but he la
undecided In regard to his future field of
work.
His many friends in this city want him
to speak here before he leaves the coast.
He has signified his willingness to do so if
• Sunday afternoon will be acceptable.
Those who have charge of the meeting
assured Mr. Mills that he will have a
warm greeting by very appreciative hear
ers. They also assure those who differ
from him that they will be pleased with
the presentation of his. opinions and ad
mire his spirit of tolerance and charity.
All are cordially invited.
PHILHISTORIANS TO DEBATE.
Will Discuss the Pros and Cons of
the Philippine Question.
On next Tuesday evening the members
of the Philhistorian Debating Society of
St. Ignatius College will commemorate the
thirty-seventh anniversary of their or
ganization with appropriate exercises at
the College Hall, Van Ness avenue and
Hayes street. A feature of the exercises
will be a debate upon th question: "Re
solved That the retention of the Philip
pine Islands by the United States is Jiu<t
and expedient."
Some of the most entertaining and con
vincing members of the society have been
selected to present the affirmative and
negative arguments. In addition to the
debate a musical and literary programme
hus been arranged as follows:
Overture. "Orph*us" (Offenbach); remarks
by the chairman. T* I. Flupatrlck; riding,
Joseph W. Beretta.
Those who will take part in the debate
are:
Tlrst affirmative. Daniel C. Deaey. first neg
ative Charles A. Swelfrert: second affirmative.
John' L.. Mulrenln; second negative, Frank L.
Fer.tou.
• Music and an essay by William Weyand
will bring the affair t6 a close.
Warshauer and G. G. Donovan, teachers
In the school. Brann alleges further rhat
other charges, filed against Kilpatrlclt
August 11, lS3f>. will be renewed by G. G.
Donovan. R. Hooe and John Prescott.
State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion T. J. Kirk notified the board th-it
the State Educational Convention wouH
be held in this city on Thursday, April
12. im The Invitation of the board that
the Convention of County Superintendents
of Schools also be held in this city was
noted with thanks In the communication,
but as the former organization had pre
sumed that the board would provide a
suitable hall for its convention, it was
thought that it would be trespassing to
hold the two conventions in this city.
The Civil Service Commission was
granted the use of the upper floor of the
Lincoln School for examinations.
The board ratified the action of Chair
man Mark in renting additional premises
at 4040V4 Twenty-fourth street for school
purposes. ¦
The bonds of 'the assistant secretaries
and storekeeper were referred to Direclcr
Casserly for investigation.
The California Chapter of the Daugh
ters of the American Revolution submit
ted a prepared list of topics relating to
revolutionary and colonial history for the
seventh, eighth and ninth grades, which
was taken under advisement.
. The board decided to take action at the
next meeting on the resolutions of tl>e
Western Addition Improvement Club ad
vocating a decrease of home study for
pupils. - . -
The Superintendent's report that the ap
ellcation of Principal S. A. Miles of the
heridan School for an extra teacher be
denied was approved and the classifica
tion will remain as at present.
The application of Miss Ella Mansfield
as teacher of physical culture was placed
on (He and a similar action was taken
with a lift of twenty other applicants f">r
positions. -
JAMES C. McKINSTRY, the New Fire Commissioner.
MAYOR PIIELAN yesterday announced the appointment of James C.
McKinstry as a member of the Fire Commission to succeed David I.
Mahoney, who 'was transferred to the Police Commission to fill the va
cancy made by the retirement of Commissioner \V. J. Biggy. Mr. Mc-
Kinstry is a Democrat in politics and a lawyer of high standing and ability.
His appointment will doubtless prove highly satisfactory to all who are in
terested.
The Mayor's latest appointee is a son of ex-Justice of the Supreme Court
E. W. McKinstry, and with his father is a partner in the law firm of Stan
ly, McKinstry, Bradley & McKinstry. He is a native of San Francisco and a
graduate of St. Ignatius College and the Hastings College of Law, from which
institution he received his diploma in ISM. He then went to Spokane Falls.
"Wash., where he began the practice of his profession as a partner with George
Turner, now representing- the State of Washington in the United States Sen
ate. After five year-s in the north he returned to this city arid entered the
firm with which he is at present associated.
In an interview yesterday afternoon Mr. McKinstry said that the appoint
ment tendered him by the Mayor came as a surprise, as he had not been
consulted until his name had been announced. "I had as lleve try my hand,
though," said he. "and will take up my new duties with a determination to
fulfill them to the letter." : : ..;;.¦ .
WE CURE
DISORDERS OF MEN.
QfR PRACTICE IS DEVOTED
exclusively to disorders of men.
Our business is so extensive in this
line of work that we have no time for
Fide issues. We make a particular
specialty of Varicocele and Its kin-
dred ailments. We do not use the
knife, ligatures, suspensory or elec-
tric belt.". We emphatically guaran-
tee cures ¦without pain or detention
from business.
We show confidence in our abil-
ity by waiting for payment until
cure is effected.
If you are suffering with any of
the following ailment?, write us at
once and receive in a plain sealed
envelope full information.
General Debility Ffiys'ccf Decay
Loss of Memory Sleep essiess
Blood Po-son Despondency
Special Diseases Nerrcus Debility.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.,
997 Market Street, Corner Sixth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
writers of the period who had written
systematically on the subject, it was easy
to form n clear conception of the religion
as a consistent unity, but wider informa
tion shows us that no such unity ever ex
isted. Religions grew up naturally and
were the result of many diverse tenden
cies, more or less crudely grrouped to
gether. So in Egypt every notne. or prov
ince, had its peculiar gods and ceremonies,
and when in the course of time these dif
ferent currents of belief flowed together
to form what may be called the Egyptian
religion the resulting discrepancies were
never entirely obliterated. We know the
names of a great number of gods, and the
attributes of many cf them are fahiy well
defined, hut of a uniform system of belief
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
1. THE LITEBATUEE OF EGYPT.
BY PROF. PAUL ELMER MORE.
Harvard University.
Even to the men of ancient Greece ar.d
Rome. Egypt was a land of darkness,
and to us of to-day something of the
old mystery and allurement still attach
to the dwellers on the Niie. Herodotus
brought away admiration for thlj peo
ple, whom he visited, because, as he said,
they did everything- exactly opposite to
the rest of the world. And Plato de-.lared
the Greeks were but children. Ignorant of
life, in comparison with the riper clvllijs
tion of Egypt. From a careful study of
Inscriptions and papyrus manuscripts w.»
have come to know many things about
the land that were dark to the wine men
of Athens. We know that the Greek- oi<l
not learn nearly so much as they thoupht
from the priests of the Nile, and we know
that Herodotus' account of the Egyptian
religion is in some important particu'ars
quite false, but we have still much to
discover. Yet in one respect our fceil:ig
toward the land has not changed from
that of Plato and his contemporaries. Itr
civilization ia indeed old. and gives us
authentic records that go farther back
probably than any others of the wot Id.
and a strange immutability seemel to
possess the land. It is this antiquity and
immutability' that more than anytMntr
else lend a mystery to the people of the
Nile. The vast pyramids, the solemn
temples, the placid reiterated forma cf
sculpture, the Sphinx staring out upon
infinity— all these affect us with the srun
awe of magnitude and lor.gr enduring time
that aroused the wonder of ancient trav
elers.
Even the written language of the ia.iid
impresses us in the same way. and there
is no more romantic chapter in the his
tory of scholarship than the deciphering:
of the hieroglyphs. In I'M one of Napo
leon's officers discovered at Rosetta a
stone containing an inscription in hie
roglyphic and demotic .wilting with a
Greek translation, and the attempt to de-
AGE OF PYRAMIDS, OBELISKS AND TEMPLES.
Copyright, 1900, by
Seymour Eaton.
SULLIVAN NOW
IN CHARGE OF
CITY'S POLICE
Formal Installation
Yesterday.
BUTTEW CHANGES PROBABLE
Says He Will Be Guided by Their In
structions in His Course Toward.
Chinatown and Other
Evils.
Chief ,of ¦ Police Sullivan assumed the
duties' of his new office at t 1 o'clock yes
terday afternoon.- There was no "fuss or
feathers" about his introduction as the
head of San Francisco's Police depart
ment: He just took his seat at the chiefs
desk and commenced to issue orders as
if to the manner born.
Ex-Aettne. Chief Biggy was in the office
early in the morning preparing to make
the transfer to his successor. He sent
a messenger to Mr. Sullivan to ascertain
if he should remain In the offlceuntil the
latter was ready to take possession. Chief
Sullivan advised Mr. Biggy that he could
consult his own convenience in the, mat
ter. He was not certain as to the, hour
when he would assume charge of the de
partment and for that reason suggested
that Mr. Biggy turn everything over to
Captain Wlttman. Mr. Biggy retired at
once and for several hours the captain
was, in charge of the department. - It was
nearly 1 o'clock in the afternoon before
Chief Sullivan had wound up his affairs
as the Mayor's secretary and perfected
his $25,0.0 bond as Chief of Police. The
Pacific Guarantee Company is his surety.
When he entered his new office a large
number of his friends- awaited him and
offered their, hearty congratulations.
According to Chief SulWvanTi statement
he will make haste slowly in regard to
any radical changes that may be found
necessary in the department. It is his
intention to map out a complete policy
with relation to Chinatown, the Nymphia
and similar places and to the nickel-ln
the-slot macnincs. In. all these matters
he proposes to work in harmony with the
Police Commission. He will make no
move without consulting the members and
will be guided entirely by their advice.
"It will take some time." said Chief Sul
livan, "to become familiar with my duties
as chief, but I will do so as rapidly as
possible. In the meantime I am not in a
position to say anything about probable
changes in the department. There has
been some talk about the detective force
being reorganized, but I can pee no neces
sity for putting a new man at its head
just at present. The charter provides for
a detective force' nearly double in size to
that now employed, but the Supervisors
have made no provisions for paying the
salaries of the additional men. which pre
cludes the possibility of appointing them.
"I will map out a complete policy of
the course I will pursue toward China
town, the Nymphia and the nlekcl-in-the
slot machines. Previous to taking any
action I .will consult the commissioners
and will look to them for Instructions."
The new chief expres%ed a determina
tion to treat all of the* attaches of the
upper office with the utmost fairness.
He does not contemplate making any
changes in the personnel of the staff, but
if such should be found necessary- It would
be with the idea of appointing superior
men to fill the vacancies.
Captain Bohen. the present captain of
detectives, wants less than two months
to serve the three years required under
the altered condition in the charter to en
title him to the benefit of the Increased
pay on retiring. There la no probability
of any changes being made in that branch
of the department until then.
The Mayor yesterday appointed Charles
\V. Fay his private secretary to succeed
Colonel William P. Sullivan Jr., appointed
Chief of Police. It is understood that
Fays appointment is of a temporary
character. but it is quite likely that it
will be made permanent.
MAHONEY'S SUCCESSOR
IS JAMES C. McKINSTRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAV, FEBRUARY 15, 1900.
CIVIL SERVICE FOR
CLERKS AND COPYISTS
Large Number of Applications Al
ready on File— Places to Bs Filled
Under the New Charter.
The municipal Civil Service Commission
hold a session late yesterday afternoon
and arranged for competitive examina
tions for clerks, eopyi.«ts, stenographers
and ty;>ewriters. The first examination
for copyists will take place on the 'even
ing of March 1 at the Lincoln School. Th«?
second examination, for stenographers
and typewriters. v;ill be held at tne same
place on the evening of March 15. Ap
plications for copyists will close on Feb
ruary 24. The :iHd of application for
stenographers and typewriters will be
open until March 10.
Two classroom? engaged for applicants
desiring to enter the competition may not
afford ample room, as the number of ap
plications for service as copyists alreany
exceeds 100. and as many more will prob
ably be nied before 'the list is cloeed. Six
teen places in the Recorder's office, twen
ty in the County Clerks office and cleri
cal positions in various ether departments
of tne municipal government will be filled
under civil service conditions. The char
ter .is somewhat vague in relation to
stenographers, but the heads of depart
ments will probably find a way of ob
taining adequate stenographic service by
the selection of clerks who possess the
qualifications of stenographer and type
writer.
IKSCftIPTION ON A
ROCK. ISLAND OF
ELEPHANTINE.
us truer notions of ancient religions, and
yet In one respect It has added only con
fusion to our understanding. When our
knowledge depended chiefly on one or two
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
'» I^EKCTRICBELT^I m.%^"# g
'&' fif PiJSJ'v™^^^^ ¦•¦^p' swß»s»f '/^yfP'v rf rt
0 7il : Et^»^?fcS<^NH^'^' > zS> :: s*^riiDi/'^ T am plnQincr nut &
§ m^^^^^^m my stock of these 1
§ . Beits at the very lib- |
1 eral reduction of HALF PRICE. These are the g
S Belts with a 30 years' reputation as the %
jg greatest remedy in the world for all pains and g
§ weakness of man and woman. Call and exam- |
g~ine and test these Belts, or write for the tree |
| book, "Three Classes of Men," mailed free. ,g
In D C D UAT I LI( ? N D * UG co ' I
§ IJ 11. t. 1 , Tl ALL. Cor. StooYlm and Market Btrsots, §
H t/IU J-JI 1 I 1111LJLJJ SAN FRANCISCO. g
K"EW ADVERTISEMENTS.
AXCOHOL AS BRAIN FOOD.
Professor Atwater Proves That Al-
cohol Is the Greatest Brain Food
Known to Science.'
Mtddlvtown. Conn. — The man who is *xpfrt-
ed to survive a »»»ek and Jo ten hours' hard
r.-.rr.^i work a day with nothing to sustain
h 'm bat alcoholic beverates ha* mjw.l hIK
:I-.ird day aad is In a happy frame of nitnd and
ta •xrellent uhyHcal condition. Professor At-
A»ti-r of Wesleyan, 'who 1* trying to demon-
-:rat»- the eJTect cf alcoholic drinks uj>on brain
worker*, communicated with Osterjrren by telr-
• -- this afternoon.
• '.sr rirrm sai<J that he Is Ftudyinjt fn h/jur*
trtry <iay an>J fxercWn* with duir.b-bells for
:*<> hour?. Th# rest of the day he put* In ac-
COratac to inclination. Professor Atwater a«-
"ernblod the chemical cl%«» of We*i«»yan erounrt
th*> rlass o»p«- in which ORterswn i* conflnM
this aficrtiooTi anil It^tur* 1 *! on the value ot hi*
"filorimeter to science.
Duffy's Pur» Malt Whiskey, the old family
rerr.*Mjy of forty ><«ar*' standing, in the purest
fr-rro of alcoholic stimulant. a< It contains none
ot that d»«<lly poison, "fut^l oJl." It gives
Power to the brain, strength and elasticity to
tli«» muscle* and rl<-hn«» to the blooi. It l.r:nt«
v~u refreshen* sle*>p. It cure? nf.-vousnffj and
ir.'ir»«uon. It In a promoter of good health
rM longevity. Make* the ol<! yaung-. keeps the
v« unc i-trrne. Over T'>» doctors prreortb* it DO
account of its rarity *n<l excellence. The most
ff-nfltive stomach will retain It. All druggists
nrA tpv* 1 !^ fV fur> you g^t the genuine.
FURNITURE BUYERS !
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN ALL LINES OF
FURNITURE. CARPETS. LINOLEUMS.
MATTINGg. ETC.,
From 10 to 20 per e»r.t en account of enlarging
Ftore. MuFt make room for new goods. Try
my credit system. The only liberal credit
hoiiFe on tbe Coait.
Estimates Riven on complete bousefurnlshing.
Prices lower than ever.
T. BRILLIANT.
335-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Powell and Stockton sts.
Open evenings.
Fre* delivery Oakland and nuburbs.
COAL. COKB AND PIQ !i(OX
J C \HI *CO *°° »«"«* Street.
J- \r TTIL^UiI a VU-. Telephone Mata XS64.
papr:« oralhrv
THI I 4MFTTF » >i;i - p AJCD paper co..
HILLA 'ICI 1C 125 Mcntjcomerr st.
PRIXTIXX
F T KIIfiHF\ PRINTER.
STATIONS* ANU PRI.NTH3.
WHITE ASfi STEAM COAL^dl^ck
DIAMO.SU COAL MINING CO.. at tU GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, la tbe Bni Coal In th*
market Ofao and Yards — O Main itraet.
CBUTES_ANDZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE: RUTH NELTA and PICKAN-
NINY; BLANCHE LE CLAIRE SLOAN; PAUL
LA CROIX; GEORGE BTKD; VOLKTRA and
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
TO-NIGHT—
The Amateurs' Garden Party!
SATURDAY NIGHT, CAKEWALK!
Phone for Seats PARK 23
7CHICAGO, Feb. 14.— Disappointing cables in
fluenced wheat early. May opening %c under
yesterday at 68,««*t>S%c. Later the market
rallied to 654@68%c for May on a Berlin cable
announcing damages to the German crop and
New York messages reporting the Continent
a good buyer. There was not much substantial
support, however, and trading dropped off con
siderably as the session advanced. May grad-.
ually easing off to 68 l ie Near the end of the
sesßlon a sharp advance was caused by the
decrease in the world's visible supply, a re
purt that Kansas City had sold eighteen boat
loads for export via gulf ports and the as
sertion that local sale* for export were good.
Shorts were good buyers on the reaction, which
carried May to 69c. The close was firm. May
H®Vic up at 68% c.
Corn was fairly active, more or less In
fluenced by wheat. Cash business was large.
May closed U<S%c up at 34H©34^c.
The oats market was steady and a fair
amount of trade was done. May closed un
changed at 23% c.
Provisions were Irregular, firm In the mid
dle but easy at both ends of the session.
Lower prices for hogs was the chief influence
in the depression. Trade was dull. The high
point was reached on light offerings and buy-
Ing by shorts. May pork closed 5@74c under
yisterday. May lard closed 2V4c lower and
May ribs closed unchanged at $5 974.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. V— j
February •••••••••• •• •• '•• 67
May 6S>.i- 69 68>i 68%
July 68% 69%. 68% 6!)%
¦ Com No. 2—
February 32H 33 324 33
May 3414 34% 34Vi 34*
July •. 35 35% 35 35/*
May .' 23*6 23% . 23% 23»i
July 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 10 85 10 924 :0 8G 10 874
July 10 90 10 974 10 90 10 924
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May G 024 « 074 6 024 60S
July 6 12V 2 615 610 6 124
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 6 97»A 600 695 6 97^
July .600 6024 5 9744 600
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
strady. No. 3 spring wheat. 66@C6Uc; No. 2
red, C94«g704. No. 2 corn, 33^ic. No. 2 oats,
23Vfr234c: No. 2 white. 26c; No. 3 white,. 2s(4^
26c. No. 2 rye, 65Hc. No. 2 barley, 3S#4sc, No.
1 flaxseed. $1 60. Prime timothy seed, $2 M.
Mess pork, per bbl, s9 80® 10 85. Lard, per 100
lbs. $5 75@5 95. Short ribs sides (loose), $5 854/)
6 15. Dry salted shoulders (boxed), $6 lSVfc'H'S 37U
Short clear sides (boxed), $6 05@6 10. Whiskey,
distillers' finished goods, per gal, $12314. Su
t'ars, cut loaf, 6.00 c; granulated. r>.49c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels KO.CCO 45.000
Wheat, bushels £6.000 77.000
Corn, bushels 615,009 659.U00
Oats, bushels 499 000 277,000
Rye, bushels 4,000 8,000
Barley, bushels 68.000 107,000
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur -at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 15.
Sun rises 7:00
Sun sets 5:43
Moon rises 7:05 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early moraine tides are given In the left
hand column ana the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Elves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tJde of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The h:fghts
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th* lower low waters.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 RS'i
Sterling Cables ••• — 4 Bt4
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69S
Mexican Dollars ' 4S 4S(i
Wheat and Other Grams.
WHEAT— The Cassard takes for Cork 67,144
ctls. valued at $72,600.
Chicago was dull on disappointing cables, and
the market was purely local, there being no
outside demand. The strength in Corn helped
matters somewhat. The Chicago market has
dropped from Its previous position, and from
being the highest Is now the lowest market.
Futures were lower In the local market, but
spot prices remained the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $10101%; milling,
$1 024@l 05.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
10 000 ctls, $108»/i:- 12,000, $1 OSH. May— SOOO.
Jl'o2- 12 000 $101%. ,>'¦¦
Second cession— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 02; 6000,
$1 01%. December— COOo, $1 OSV4.
Reeular morning session— December— lo,ooo
ctls $10Sy 4 ; 2000, $1 OS:4. May-6000. $1 02y 8 .
Afternoon session— May— 6ooo ctls, $1 02%. De
cember-2000, $1 08%.
BARLEY— The market Is steady at the ad
vance, with a moderate demand for local ac-
C °ThV Columbia takes for Cork 85.427 ctls,
valued nt $"rt.900.
Feed, 75©774 c for No. 1 and 65@72^c for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, So@S74c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls,
71V>c; 20C0, 71% c
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session— No sales.
Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— Are Etagnant at unchanged quota-
U Wh'lte. $1100130; Red. $1 074®l 20; Gray,
$1074@U74; Black. 974c@$l 074-
COnN— Eastern White is quoted at 93c per
ctl and Eastern Yellow at il@lo2H; mixed,
974cffl$l.
RYE— Quoted at 974@51 02H per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Pathan takes for China C 343 bbls Flour,
valued at $16,583.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40(8*3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 60: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 50-
Oat Groats, $4 50: Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 73*
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60-
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@7 23; In sacks. $5 750
7: Pearl Barley, $5; Spltt Peas. $5; Green Peas
$5 50 per 100 lbs. «.__., :,:
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Both Hay and Bran are in liberal receipt and
weak at unchanged quotations.
BRAN— SI 2 50@13 EO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15@17 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26027; Jobbing
$27 50<828; Cocoanut Cake. $20^21; Corn Meal.
$23© 23 50; Crncked Corn. $23 Eo@24: Mixed Feed,
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY — Wheat. $6 50D58 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6 60@S 50*
Oat, $6@B; Barley, V>'&l; Alfalfa, $6@7 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 2S®4Oo per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is very little call for Beans, but deal
ers maintain quotations. There Is some Al
falfa Seed from Utah on: the market. Mustard
Seed Is nominal, an there is very little here.
' BEANS— Bayos. $3 25JJ3 35; small White. J3 20
®3 35; large White, J2 So@3 10; Pinks, J2 50"®
1 85; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye.x $4 50; Butters
nominal; Lima. $j 15@5 25; Pea, $3 20@3 40; Red
Kidneys. $3 60(54.
SEEDS— Brcwn Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 tOli'2 20; Canary,
Chicago Grain Market.
Shipping Intelligence.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— FLOUR-Recelpts. 16,
41S; exports, 12,659; quiet, unchanged and about
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 44,800; exports. S060; spot,
steady; No. 2 red. 77% c elevator; No. 2 red, 78c
f. o. b. afloat In store; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
814 c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth,
83ViC f. o. b. prompt. Options — Opened easy In
response to lower English and French .cables
and afterward declined further, owing to light
speculative demand, prospects of snow West
and small clearances. In the last half hour,
however, prices recovered sharply on Southwest
buying and closed steady to He net higher.
March. 77g77%,c. closed 77Hc: May, 75g75%c.
closed 754 c; July, 74T»@75Hc, closed 75Hc
HOPS— Steady.
COFFEE— The market for coffee futures
closed steady, 5 points higher to 15 points net
lower. Total sales were 16.250 bags, including:
February. 17 30; March. $7 2507 30; April. $7 80;
May. $7 3567 40: July. $7 43: August. $7 50; Sep
tember. $7 55; December, $7 65(&"7 70; January,
$7 70<g7 75. Spot— Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
6 v»c; No. 7 Jobbing, 9Hc Mild— Steady? Cor
dova. 1019134 c
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining. 4c bid; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 44c bid; molasses sugar, 3»i'{J
3 13-16 c: 20 bags Cuba centrifugal at above ba
sis. Refined— Firm but quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3398 packages. Steady;
June creamery, 19fi23c; Western, 21@25c; fac
tory. 16@19c.
EGGS— Receipts, 15,686 packages. Strong;
Western, 13c. at mark.
DRIED FRUIT.
Trade was slow in evaporated apples to-day.
Prime grades were slightly lower under heavy
receipts and unfavorable country advices. Offer
ings were liberal, but buyers refused to take
hold in anticipation of further concessions In
prices. At the close the undertone of the mar
ket was weak. There was a small Jobbing busi
ness, reported for California dried fruits, with
the tone steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Cmmon, 5
ft 6c: prime, 6H@6Vic; choice, 7@74c; fancy
&<jjs4»\ .
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3tf@7c per
pound as to size and quality.
A PJI I COTS— Royal, 12@15c; Moorpark, 15<fl8c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18©22 c; unpeeled. 7%@9c,
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.— METALS— Influenced
' by an advance In the London market tin im
proved considerably to-day, but failed to de
velop activity worthy of mention. Spelter on
1 the <jther hand was depressed and lower, with
demand light and offerings more active. The
other departments displayed no changes of Im
portance. At the close the Metal Exchange
called :
PlGlRON— Warrants, very dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $16 25.
TlN— Higher but quiet, with $3 10 bid and
S3 50 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with J3 70 bid and $3 75
asked.
SPELTER— Lower and easy,, with U 60 bid
and J4 70 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is {1 45 and for
I* copper $16 25.
was mostly favdrable and the reaction ¦was
apparently due to technical causes. Traders
were Inclined to take profits on the pendtng
passage by the Senate of the financial bill,
whi.-h is taken for granted, and which has
been the basis of some speculation on account
of its provisions for expanding the currency.
Monry on call continued offering In abundant
pupply so that speculators were not made un
easy by the evidences of absorption of cash
by the gub-treasury and a continuing demand
from the Interior. The further rise In Liondon
discount rate caused a firm tone to sterling
exchange, but no quotable change In price.
The bond market was moderately active.
Total F&les. par value, J2.705.000.
United States old 4s advanced H in the bid
price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Closing
fcolJ. Stocks— Bid.
2.570 Atchlson 21
7.1C0 Atchison prefd 63%
12,s:<' Baltimore & Ohio 63 b »
fit) Canadian Pacific 9**4 |
100 Canada Southern 4&V»
2.451 Chesapeake & Ohio 29S
450 Chicago Great Western 133 1 ;
10.050 Chicago, Bur & Qulncy 125H
W0 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 16V»
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 45
300 Chicago &. East Illinois &2
220 Chicago & Northwestern 162
3.3.50 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific KO'i
1.400 C C C & St Louis 61H
&60 Colorado Southern o\
260 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson 115
Delaware. I .ark & Western 177
1.900 Denver & Rio Grande 19H
2.350 Denver & Rto Grande prefd 71 7 4
Erie 12»*
SCO Erie Ist prefd 26H
119 Great Northern prefd 159
100 Hocking Coal 17
433 Hocking Valley 34
1.120 .Illinois Central 113»i
1.5"60 lowa Central 12 1 *
115 lowa Central prefd £2Vs
Kensas City, Pitts & Gulf 13
Lake Erie & Western 20
Lake Erie & Western prefd S3U
Lake Shore m
2.910 Louisville & Nashville M
10.355 Manhattan L 99^
4,511 Metropolitan Street Railway 1794
120 Mexican Central 124
100 Minn &'St Louis C 3
Minn £¦ St Louis prefd S3U
12.560 Missouri Pacific 46S j
Mobile & Ohio 44H
Missouri. Kans & Texas 10* 4
650 Missouri, Kans & Texas prefd Z3%
New Jersey Central 1164
2.250 New York Central 135 V»
5.6X7 Norfolk & Western ZF\
1.750 Norfolk & Western prefd 73
2.5C5 Northern Pacific 63H
3''W Northern Pacific prefd 74H
750 Ontario & Western 24
Oregon Ry & Nay 42
Oregon Ry & Nay prefd 76
27..">»S Pennsylvania 135H
MO Reading is»;
SOO Reading Ist prefd 56's
100 Reading 2nd prefd 2*};
Rio Grande Western 45
Rio Grande Western prefd £8
St ixnMs & San Francisco 10V*
St I>ouis & San Francisco Ist prefd. 6<!
719 Et Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd.... 85%
St Louis, Southwestern 1114
Sno St Louis, Southwestern prefd 27Vi
7.850 St Paul 1234
St Paul prefd 171^
St Paul & Omaha 110
8,165 Southern Pacific 3J%
€22 Southern Railway 124
1.540 Southern Railway prefd 56* i
2,210 Texas & Pacific 16%
27.1*5 Union Pacific ,',04
2,035 Union Pacific prefd 76^i
300 Wabash e*i
210 Wabash prefd *>0"« I
4.MS Wheeling & Lake Erie 10^
2/'?n Wheeling &• Lake Erie 2nd prefd.... 27*4
140 Wisconsin Central isv.
Express companies —
Adams 115
100 American 147
T'nlted States 47
Wells-Fargo 133
Miscellaneous—
750 American Cotton Oil 34
American Cotton Oil prefd 93
S7O American Malting 51^
American Malting prefd 2j l i
SlO American Smelting & Refin 414
300 American Smelting & Refin prefd... 90% |
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
1.R40 American Steel Hoop 47
400 American Steel Hoop prefd 844
10.T.60 American Steel & Wire 5R14
ROO American Steel &: Wire prefd 93*
»00 American Tin Plate 344
American Tin Plate prefd so
C 3.375 American Tobacco 1104
American Tobacco prefd 1354
f«0 Anaconda Mining Co 4474
l«.n.V) Brooklyn Rapid Transit 744
2.4 M) Colorado Fuel & Iron 4fiii
11.*7* Continental Tobacco 3314
3.f'20 Continental Tobacco prefd ......... R4H
10.S<K Federal Steel bju
1.2. r 'O Federal Steel prefd 7.".
22S General Electric 125
1,010 Glucose Sugar 56^;
Glucose Surar prefd 9514
€00 International Paper 23
International Paper prefd 6<>
Laolede Gas 77
CIO National Biscuit 37
110 National Biscuit prefd 9414
National Lead 27*4
....... National I^ad prefd IO.I^
6,275 National Steel pot^
National Steel prefd ' 9414
New York Air Brake 130
SCO North American 3414
1.198 Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast 2<l prefd £3
Pacific Coast 2d prefd <v
2.240 Pacific Mull '.'.',' 41
. 3,*40 People's Gas jos
700 Pressed Steel Car \ f.6
Pressed Steel Car prefd R7
4"0 Pullman Palace Cor igs
12.'. Standard Rope & Twine '. %il
50.570 Sugar mv
•.. Sugar prefd hj
7.825 Tennessee Coal & Iron IOOVi
6.195 United States Leather .' {71?
6». r i T'nlted States T^eather prefd 7574
00 United States Ruhber 331'
2.140 United States Rubber prefd '.'. sr,4
1.M3 Western Union ' «i«z
1.040 Republic Iron A Steel '..'. 25
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd.... rA*L
P C C 4 St Louis " 64
417.400 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg 102^1 Do 4s f{
U S 3s reg 109H|N V Central 15t5.,109%
U S 3s c0up...i.....109»iiN j cent gen 55.. l"4
U B new 4s reg 134 IN Carolina 6s 127
U S new 4s coup.. 17,4 Do 4» ]06
O S old 4s reg ,lllv» Northern Pac 35.. 66*;
U S old 4s c0up....U4?4 Do 4s 1041?
0 B 6s reg 112« i N V C & St LiiHlSg
U S 5s coup 112' i N A W con 45.... 944
Dls of Col 3.655.. ..117 Do gen 65.... 130
Atch gen 4« 100">i Or Nay lsts ."no
Do adj 4s 82S Do 4s • joili
Canada Sou 2d5....i094 Or Short Line 6s 117U
Ches & Ohio 44«-- 9SVi ! Do con 6s iilu
Do 5s 1194 Reading G>n 45.." XX
C& N Con 7s 141 RG W lsts.... 9714
Do S F Deb 65. .120 ,S L & I M Con Gs"lllii
Chic Term 4s 9341S L & S F Gen 65..122>2
D & R G lsts 102%}Kt Paul Con IB7Ti
D" 4s 99 St PC & P 15t5...11»%
E T V & G 15t5. .1014 Do 5s IVI
Erie Gen 4s 71V4 Southern Ry ss..!!icsi4
F W & D C lsts.... 71 'Stand R & T 65.... 7;
Gen Elec 5s 117 Term new set 3s 95
G H & S A 6s 107 LTex & Pac lsts....H3u
Do 2ds .'....107 I Do. 2 dB 51
H& T Cent 5s 110 (Union Pac 4s 104U
Do Con 6s 110 Wabash- lsts .'lliju
lowa Cent lsts.... US IDo 2dn 100
X C P & G lsts.... 72 jWest Shore 45....1Uii
La new con 4s 106*4 1 Wls Cent lsts Bl'l
LAN Unl 4s 99*4 Va Centuries sfi
Sou Pacific 4« KS Va Deferred -,
M X & T 2ds 66U'0010 & Sou 4s 844
. MINING STOCKS.
Chollar IS Ontario 8 M
Crown Point 08 Ophir 52
Con Cal & Va 1 25. Plymouth 14
Deadwood • 50 Quicksilver 1 57
Gould & Curry 12| Do prefd 760
Hale & Norcross.. 25 ' Sierra Nevada 45
Homestake CO 00. Standard J 75
Iron Silver M!Unlon Con 24
Mexican 20iYtllow Jacket 15
TO SAIL.
Local securities quiet.
Silzcr and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat dull and unchanged. Barley steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye very dull.
Ha\ and Bran veeak and plentiful.
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal.
Potatoes and Onions easy. Vegetables steady.
Butter and Eggs continue to decline. Cheese weak.
Game off again and dull. Poultry steady.
More Sirazrbcrrics in from Watsonville. .
Oranges bringing more money at auction.
Provisions as previously quoted.
Hcgs still in slender receipt.
Increased exports from this port in January.
Steamer Movements.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
Money —
Call loans 3H<6's
Time loans 4«5
Stocks- ¦
Atch To? & S F.. 20H
Do prefd «a&4
Am Sugar m'
Do prefd in
Bell Tel 337
Boston At Albany.. 242
Boston EX 9fi<4
Boston & Maine.. ..l9B<a
Chi Bur & Q 123»»
Ed Elec HI 203
Fltchburg prefd. ..l2l*i
Oen Elec I26Ss
Federal Steel 6.» Vi
Do prefd 75
Mexican Central... 12*1
Mich Tel 100
Old C010ny......;. 205
Old Dominion 20
Rubber 33
Union Pacific: 60V»
Union Land 24
West End 93
Do prefd 113
Wls Central 19
Dom Coal 41tf
Do prefd 116
Bonds —
Atchlson 4s 99
Mining Shares —
Adventure 5
Allouez Mng C 0... 3
Atlantic 24
ißoston & M0nt....27»
Butte A Boston 69
Calumet & Hecla..7Ro
Centennial 19
Franklin 15
Humboldt 1
Osceola 75
Parrot 45
iQulncy 140
jSanta Fe Copper.. 6^4
Tamarack 193
Wlnona 3
Wolverines 4U4
Utah 23V4
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— Money on call steady
at 2©'2H per cent: last loan, 2\4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4@5 per cent. Sterling
exchange steady, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at |4 87H@* 87% for demand and at
$4 S4v*@4 84>4 for alxty days: posted rates.
$4 K5 4 SSH; commercial bills, 14 8&I94 S3VJ. Sil
ver certificates, 69^0610. Bar silver. 59% c.
Mexican dollars, 4~h±c. Bonds — Government,
strong; State, strong; railroad. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.— T0-day's statement
c.f the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cas=h balance, $293,921,557; gold reserve,
J220.634.356.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— The Commercial
vertlser's London financial cablegram says
Business In the markets here was so slack
to-day that the bears occupied much of their
time In practical Joking. The early tendency
was to droop, but there was a slight hardening
toward the close on reports that Lord Roberts
was moving. Americans were idle, about par
ity New York bought nothing but Baltimore
and Ohio, but the close was steady.
The bank bought £17,000 gold in. German coin
and raised the price one farthing to 77s 9Vid.
Money was stiff, calls ranging up to 3 per
cent.
There was small borrowing from the bank by
late comers; bills were more plentiful. Sliver
was heavy at the advance.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 101%: Union Pacific pre
ferred, IS\; Northern Pacific preferred, 76* i;
Atchlson. 21* i: Grand Trunk, S%: Anaconda,
9Vi- Bar silver steady, 27 9-16 d per ounce.
Ing Company has declared a dividend of 11
cents a share, payable on the 15th. .
The Argonaut Mining Company will pay tne
usual dividend of 10 cents a share this month.
The Pennsylvania Mining Company will pay
a dividend of 20 cents a share, or $10,3€0, this
month. • . ,
The Hutchlnson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 25 cents, payable at the
company's office on the 20th.
The Gas Consumers' Association paid the
usual monthly dividend of 15 cents this month.
Quarterly dividends of {1 a share are now
payable by the Central Gaslight and California
Cotton Mills.
The following dividends will be paid to-day:
California-street Cable, 50 cents; Oakland Gas
Company. 25 cents; Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm
Company, 5 cents; California Powder Works.
SI: the Pacific and Sunset Telephone companies
the regular monthly dividends. Hume Bros. A
Hume, salmon packers, will pay their usual
monthly dividend of 65 cents a share on their
entire issued capital stock to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 14—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask/ Bid. Ask.
V S Bonds — Eqult G L. Co. 3% 3H
Is quar c0up.. 114 — Mutual El Co. — —
Is quar reg.... — 11414 O G L & H... 454 —
Is quar new... — 135 Pac Oas Imp.. 60%,—
Ss quar coup.. — — Pac Light Co.. 43 434
Miscellaneous— S F O & E SO% 504
Cal-st Cab Ss.-IIT \\V?*\ San Francisco. 4Vj 4T»
C C Wat 55..1Mi«4107 IStockton Oa».. 12 —
Ed L 4 P 65..12"» — Insurance —
F&CI Ry 65. .113 — . Flrem's 'Fund.226 —
Oeary-st R 6s. — 95 Bank Stocks—
II C& S 5H5..1P5 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. «74 T24
II C& S 55....1M4 — Bank of Ca1...4024«)«
L A Ry 6a.. ..105 — Cal SD & T.. 9S 934
L A LCo 55.. — — First Natnl 250 305
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P & A 133 —
Do gntd 55.. — 103 Merchants' Ex — 18
LA& P R 58.102 — Nev Nat 8k... — —
Jlarket-et 6s. ..127 — Savings' Bank
s X»t M Es-.llS HSli Ger S & L...1750 —
NCN G R 75.10CV4 — Hum S& L. — —
N R of Cal 65.H24113% Mut Say Bk. 45 — .
N Rof Cal 58.114 — IS X Say U..5024 —
N'P C R R 6»103 — I Say & L So. 74 7i
NPC R R 55.10« — Sec Say Bk. — —
Nc R R 03... 103 — Union T Co. — —
Oak GL&H 6s. 110 — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65... — 112H California .....1184119
Oak WCo 55. .115 — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic SS CO.IOOU — Market-st Ry.. 61% 62
Om CRy 65... — 12840 S L& H — 50
P&CI Ry 65. .1044 — Presidio 11 15
Pk & O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powel-st R 69.1194— California 160 170
Sac L G*Rss. 85 — E Dynamite... 85 —
SF & SJF 55. .117 — Olant Con Co. 93 934
S Ry of Cal 6s. — 103 Vlgorit 2H 2T»
S P of A 65.... 110% — Sugaf Stocks—
S P C 6s<l»os).lof<\ — liana H P Co. 74 ~\
S P C 65(19<*).112 113 Haw C&S Co S3Vi S4
SP C 6e(1912). — — Honokaa S Co. 29 23^
SP C Ist cgss. — — Huch S P. Co. 2i*i —
SPBr 6s 126 — Kllauea 8 Co. — 23
3 V Wat 65.... 115% — Makawell SCo 444 —
3 V Wat 45..;.103'i — Onomea S Co. 25«4 —
SV W 4s<3dm)lo2Vi — Paauhau S Co. 25% —
Etktn Gas 65.. 102 107% Miscellaneous—
Wat-r Stocks— Al Pack Assn..li3ftl2O
Contra Costa... 73. 7394 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marln County. 50 — Ocean lc SCo. . — 94vs
Spring Valley. 94U 94% p ac A p A j _
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co. 144 —
Cent Gas Co.. —. — Par Paint Co.. 9H —
Cent L & P... — 4^
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Assn. b 3 119 75
25 Makaweli 44 50
100 Oakland Gas 45 50
25 Pacific Gas Imp 50 75
5 Pacific Gas Imp 50 87V4
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 23
195 8 F Gas & Electric Co 50 50
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 S2H
6 S V Water 34 00
Street—
5 Bank of California 405 00
tSOCO Los Angeles Ry 5s 105 25
15000 Los Angeles-Pacific R R Bonds 102 50
350 Makaweli 44 60
11000 Market St R R Con 5s 118 25
$3000 S P of A bonds HO 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 1U 75
40 Equitable Gas 160
6 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 84 00
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar S3 50
200 Homkaa 23 CO
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 105 25
45 Makawell 44 50
JSOOO Oceanic S S Bonds 105 50
100 Onomea Sugar Co 26 00
30 Paauhau S P Co 26 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 37%
5 S V Water 94 25
6 S V Water 94 60
Street—
50 Makawell 44 50
11000 S V 6s us 00
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Barker Ranch 1 15
200 Aanaconda 60
100 Anaconda <5
Afternoon Session.
300A^SSnda a
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
150 Burlington 100
.00 Caribou 83
50 Petroleum Center 40
Afternoon Session.
Board —
National 8 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 221 100 Mexican 24
100 Caledonia 37: 300 Ophir 57
100 Challenge 19 . 2CO Sierra Nevada. 4?
100 Con Cal & Va..l 40! 500 Yellow Jacket.. IS
Afternoon Session.
400 Alpha 03j ICO Occidental 1J
200 Alta 01 400 Ophir J»
100 Belcher 22 200 Overman 09
100 Chollar 20 200 Sierra Nevada. 47
400 Gould & Curry 14; JOO Yellow Jacket.. IS
100 Mexican 24|
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 34 100 Mexican 24
200 Caledonia 37 300 Ophir S8
100 Chollar -1!» 300 Overman W
200 Con Cal & Va..l 35 200 Potosl 18
100 Gould & Curry, li 100 Savage 11
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia 37] 400 Mexicaji ....... 25
350 Chollar 20 j JOO Potosl 27
20Q Chollar 19 200 Sierra Nevada. 43
200 Con Cal & Va..l 35 400 Sierra Nevada. 47
200 Crown Pomt — 10 500 Sierra Nevada. 4«
300 Gould & Curry. 151 200 Union Con 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 14—4 p. m.
Bid- Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03|iCentuek 01 02
Alta — 02 Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 03 07 Mexican 24 23
3elcher 21 22 Dccldental U 13
Best & Belcher 34 35 3phlr .' 56 57
Bullion 03 04pverman 09 19
Caledonia 3" 39 ; Potosl 27 2S
Chollar IS 19 Savage 11 12
Challenge Con.. — 20|^corplon 02 —
Confidence — "s;?eg Belcher 01 02
Con Cnl & Va..l 35 1 40 ( SIerra Nevada. 48 47
Con Imperial... — deliver HIU — 05
Con New Torlt. — 04;3t Louis — 07
Crown Point... 10 11 Standard —2 >0
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — 05
Oould & Curry 14 15!L'nlon Con 27 28
Hale Sc Norc... 30 SlltTtah 08 09
Julia — r2;Yellow Jacket.. 17 13
lustlce — OS
On the Produce Exchange to-day the ' butter
AUCTION SALES
~auctionT
AUCTION AUCTION
TUESDAY, February 20th,
At 11 O'clock A. M..
ON PREMISES. 51S-51S .WASHINGTON ST
GOVERNMENT SUPPLIES,
Consisting of 2000 Tents; «W0 Curtains „-,•
Nets: 60130 Duck and Drill Mattress Covers- ;™
Sleeping Bags; r.OO Pillows: 4000 Sh»lr» r T»- t ,.
500 German Silver Band Instrument?. Bass ami
Bnare Drums; 100 Filters: 500 Galvanize*. Wate,
Buckets; 500 Assorted Shovels, etc.
Contractors. Klondlkers. resort v». nA »,
eampem. hotels, steamboats. saUmakers t»nt
and awnlne makers, attention callM to .v,.
sale. NEW YORK AUCTION CO
A'Jctjr.rip,^.,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Securities were dull on the morning session.
Bank of California sold at $405. Otherwise
there was nothing new.
Business was better In the afternoon, but
the only change was a decline In Hawaiian
Commercial to $S3 50. . • ¦
The New York and Honduras Roaario Mln-
AYtc York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— The stock market to
£ay showed a continuance of yesterday's
•trength in the *>arly dealings, but the buying
demand rame almost altogether from profes
sional sources with the purpose of Inviting out
elde densand. The outside demand failed to
materialize, business from the eommisßion
houses continuing on a small scale. In fact
•filing orders to some extent came on the
market from the ommlsslon bouses which
¦was attributed to Western account, but v/trre
without explanation. The professional buyer*
•rrtw tired and sold to realize when the fu
tility of the attempts to attract outside buy-
Ing was perceived. Several points of porltlve
weakness were developed by the marching
rtlnrus of the b^ar» and stop-loss orders were
covered by offering price* down. The result
¦was a general reactionary tendency which
wiped out practically all of the earlier gain
and established Borne eharp losses in special
•tncks. The shorts covered before the close,
causing sharp rallies at the weak spots find
a jreneral stiffening of the whole market, as
a re«ult of which the closing was firm and
ret changes in -the majority of stocks small.
The local traction stocks and the Industrials
were the leadeit In the opening advance.
Sugar. Tobacco, Western Union. People's Gas.
I'reaced Steel. Rubber preferred and some of
the iron and etcel stocks were all represented
toy rains of 1 to 1H and" Tennessee Coal was
up Srr on rumors of a plan to retire the pre
ferred stock and begin dividends on the com
mon stock. Continued heavy buying was la
evidence In Pennsylvania, Baltimore and Ohio,
St. Paul. Missouri Pacific and other stocks,
those named rising a point. Buying of some
of these were attributed !to operations by
rperulatlve -pools. The first point of weakness
to develop was Third Avenue on the announce
ment of a dividend of only 1 per cent, as com
j>ared with IVi per cent for the last quarter of
1899 and 1\ per cent for the three preceding
years. The stock fell an extreme 4\ and
caused »->-m pathetic weakness in the other
local traction stocks. Metropolitan West Side
preferred (Chicago) Jumped SH points on the
declaration of Its flrat dividend. The demand
for etocks was llrtlem for the rest of the day
and the bean made successive attacks on dif
ferent stocks. Rubber common and preferred
lost 4"-* /! '< i * points respectively. Continental
Tobacco was raided down S points on rumors
of a bond lrsue and American Tobacco lost Its
earlier gain In sympathy. Sugar fell 14 from
the top. Federal Bteel IH. Pacific Mall IVi and
X2a!ttj&ore and Ohio 1%. The sews of the day
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February. 1900
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. February 14-
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen. 25 hours from. Port
H Stmr Lajruna, Stark. 20 hours from tTsal.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. 17 hours from
Stmr Bonlta. Nleolson. 76 hours from New-
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 53*4 hour* from Port
land, via Astoria 41' i hours.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Brideett, 34 hour* from
Ptmr Luella. Miller. 37 hours from Redondo.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. 4 days from
CC Ha°wstmr Klnau. Freeman. 9 days 13 hours
from Makawell.
Tvs Samson. Stream. 90 hours from Astoria.
with barge Washougal In tow.
Schr Esther Buhne. Anderson. 10 day* from
P Sc t hr I JohS k A. Nilsson. S days from Wlllapa
I'ars- Washougal; Senerud. 90 hour* from
.A-torta, la tow of tvs Samson.
CLEARED
Wednesday. February 14.
Stmr Cleveland. Kliteaard. Kahulul Tl»
Hani: Alexander & Baldwin.
Stmr Olympia. Truebrldse. Hongkong. vU
Queen, jl-psen, Victoria, etc: Gcodall.
P *Bt 'ship' Rajore. Garrtcck. Queenstown; Ep-
P 's^hr Jennie Wand. 'Chrlstensen. Mahukona:
Chas Kelson.
SAILED.
Wednesday. February 14.
Stmr Cleveland. Klltzaard. Kahulul and
H |tm'r Olympla. Truberidge. Hongkong and Ta
coma. _ ,
Stmr Westnort. Ericsson. Eureka.
Stmr Luella, Miller. Eureka.
Stmr Corona. Glelow. San Diego, etc.
Stmr Newsboy. Walvlg. I'sal.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Br stmr Bristol. Melntyre. Chemalnus.
Schr Glenoale. Olsen. Tacoma.
Schr Repeat. Olsen. Port Blakeler.
Schr Mary C. Madsen. Fort Ross. ¦
Schr Jennie Wand. Christiansen. Mahukona.
Pchr Antelose. Anderson. Coos Bay.
Schr Fortuna. Luberg. Eureka.
Schr Monterey. Beck. Coos Bay.
Schr Ocean Spray. Larsen. Iversens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 14. 10 P m— Weather
cloudy; wind west; velocity 10 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Luella-Feh 13-OfT Port Harford.
spoke r.chr Geneva with 20 sealskins: a.l well.
Jan 22—26 N 34 W. Br ship The Hahnemaan.
from Oregon for Ouenstowrr.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON Feb 14— Br ship Amphitrite. from
Portland. Or, for Queenstown. put Into Fayal
leaking. poMFSTIC PORTS.
CRETEVT ClTY— Sailed Feb 13— Stmr Alo
ha pORT Sa TO F w a Ns' E 9^n-Arr.ve,l Feb 14-Schr
Admiral, from San Diego; Br stmr Irena, rrom
™EN R TURA-Arrived Feb 14-Stmr Pasadena.
f ™ASPA n n-Artvid Feb 14-Stmr Clecne. henca
F rn 1 AT t ! H\RBOR-Sat!ed Feb 13-Schr Mary
Buhn» for Kahulul: schr Laura Madsen. for
Feb lt-Stmr Rival, frra
Sa OLTMrT\-Arrlved Feb 14-Brl* Courtney
F^RT rr ° m TOwVIEN n r^ined Feb 14-Schr
iHminl for Port Gamble.
POPTWS ANGELES-Salled Feb 14-Stmr
*iAzar f^r Son Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE-Arrived Feb 14-Schr Ad
miral frnrn Polt Townsend.
BEATTLF— Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Grace Dollar.
fn!r- Orav<> Harbor.
COOS BAY-Salled Feb 14 at 11 a m-Strnr
Hire Blar.rhnrd, for Sun Francisco.
ASTOHIA-Arrtved Feb 14-Stmr Stats of -
P_i[» or nln hence Feb I*.
Sailed Feb 14— Br shl» Colony, for Qneens
tO VENTVKA— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Fulton, fm
Grays Harbor.
SAN PIEC.O— Sailed Feb 14— Br stmr Lady
Jolrev fT Yokohama.
FUREKA— Arrived Feh 14— Schr Mabel Gray.
from Hueneme: stmr Orizaba, henoe Feb 13.
bailed Feb 14— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco. PORTS.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr San Jose.
from"Acapulco. and sailed Jan 23 for Charnepr-
IC QtTEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 13— Fr bark
Du;rue«<lln. hence Oct U.
IX)NDON— In oort Feb I— Br ship Eudora. for
San Francisco.
Sailed Feb 13— Br ship Penthesllea. for Port-
PANAMA— SaiIed Jnr» 2T— Stmr Cnsta Rica.
for Mapzarimo. 23— Ptmr Peru, for San Fran-
Cl 'FERNANDO NORONHA— Passed Jan 31— Ft
bark Marie Molina.*, from Penarth for San
Al'CKLAND— Arrived Feb H— Br str Moana.
h *STANLET!'F I— Sailed Feb 7— Br sti'n Black
brnes. from Newcastle. Eng. for San Frsneisco.
HA MPITO- Sailed Feb 12— Br shi? Deccan.
for Portland. Or.
YOKOHAMA-Arrlved Feb 13— Rtmr China, ho
Jan 24.
OCTSAN STEAMER?"
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Mar
quett'. from London.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Moana.
from San Francisco via Honolulu, for Sydney
NSW. "
PLTMOUTH-Salled Feb 14.-s>m r Pennsyt
vanla. fmm Hamburc f«r N»w York
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 12— Str Soutiiwart.
from K«w York.
Charters.
The Roy Somers leads merchandise for Hon
olulu.
The Lynton i« chartered for wheat and or
barley to New York, ZSs 3d.
. . !
Exports in January.
Txports from this pTt In January w*re V.- j
p:4.K00. a*:a!n*t t2.C:4,300 in January. 1839. the I
loading items being as' follows: Hawaiian |
Jflands. II.CJS.CiK); Great Britain. $S*:,000; At- j
•antic po«s. J449.500; China, J392.300; Japan, j
KlO.SOil; Australia. $131,000; Mexico. $150,700;
Oentral America, JIOO.IOO.
The Government Balance Sheet, i
Government receipts for the month of Janu
ary comi»are as follows:
IKJ9. 1900.
Csstema $17,991,741 J22.094.250 ]
Internal revenue 20.f«2.057 22. . . 9. 5U.6 :
Miscellaneous 2.M1.132 8.135.C2S
Total J41.774.930 J45.012.16S
Trie expenditures for the same month com
pare as follows:
IR9». 1900.
Ctrll J9.514.421 jn.C3S.7S!)
War lf.6;*..x>:i 9.K2.824
Naw 5.226,654 C.316.631 I
Indians i^.676 947.114 j
Tensions 10.967.01S a0.973.?.:ti
Interest 5.507,449 1.562. 222
Total $11. 122.771 J39.159.097
The Clearing House.
At the twenty-fourth annual meeting of the
San Francisco Clearing-house on Monday the
following officers were elected: President,
Thomas Brown; vice-president, H. Wadsworth;
«>crctary. Gustav Friederich. The following
clearing-house committee was appointed:
Thomas Brown, cashier Bank of California;
Ign. ' Stelnhart, manager Anglo-Callfornlan
I'ar.k <:irr.it<*;>; S. G. Murphy, president First
National Bank: H. M. J. McMlchael. agent
Hank of British North America; W. H.
Crocker, president CrocXer-Woolworth National
Bank of San Francisco: H. M. J. McMlchael,
perretary clearing-house committee. Charles
Fleeper was reappointed manager of the c'.ear
ir.g-hou*e and J. T. Burke, assistant manager.
The clearings for 18S9 were 1371.015,072 23,
against J513.153.0:« for ISSB. being a gain for
U?9 of $157,5£2.04S 23. The balances in ISS9
were 12 0-10 per cent of the clearings and
amounted to t 121.:25.735 39 and were paid In
fnitfd States gold coin amounting to $)>6,635.
7ST, 2S and United States treasury gold cer
tificates amounting to J24.550.000. The average
dally balance for UO9 was 5400.0<»4 84 and for
3MiS 5341.12U 68, being an Increase for ISS9 of
Ki.OU 16.
Weather Retort
a2fth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 14. 5 p. m.
The foHowing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date £? compared with those of the same date
last srasjn. and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours.
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 34. 5S 15.65
lied Bluff Trace 15.09 1J.13
Sacramento Trace^ 13.71 7.85
San Francisco Trace 14.57 7.77
Frfsno 0.00 6.14 3.86
Inder*r.<!*n'*e 0.00 2.0S 1.15
San Luis Obispo 0.00 12.41 7.15
Lo* Angeles 0.00 4.E7 2.&6
fan Diego 0.00 2.64 3.73
Yuma 0.00 0.75 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
tS; minimum, IrO; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is cloudy and threatening over
the Pacific Slope and light showers have fallen
In the Sacramento Valley and in the western
portions of Washington and Oregon, and light
enow over the Rucky Mountain and plateau re-
Cior.s.
The pressure has fallen slightly along the
California coast and risen decidedly over the
Rocky Mountain region. An area of high pres
sure is central north of Montana and a f hallow
low area in Southern Nevada.
The temperature has fallen In all districts.
Over. Montana. North Dakota and Wyoming it
Is below zfro.
Conditions are unsettled and favorable for
light showers over the greater portion of Cali
fornia Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. February 15. 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy and threatening,
rimhably with light showers Thursday; cooler;
llrht variable winds.
Southern California — Cloudy and threatening,
probably with light showers Thursday; light
variable winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, with snow Thursday; cooler.
I'tah — Cloudy, with snow Thursday; colder.
Arizona — Snow In northern portion; probabiy
thowerr In «outh portion Thursday: cooler.
Ean Francisco and %-iclnlty— Cloudy and
threatening, probably with ehowen Thursday
light variable winds. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
TO ARRIVE.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Boston Wool Market.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
market was firm: creamery. »©24V4c; dairy. 13
«?22c. Cheese, firm; 12013 c. tgK». e « ev •
fresh, 12c. ¦ ¦ ->'.- v .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1900.
3V4c per Ib for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, B@9c; Rape. 2!6©3c: Hemp, 4@4>,4c;
Timothy, 404^C,
DUIED PKAS— NUes, $1 60®l 90; Green. $1 75
62 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions have weakened off under free re
ceipts from the north, and Potatoes are easy
for the same reason.
Asparagus is declining under" Increasing re
ceipts.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 85^95c: River Reds.
75<«85c; Burbanks. 60@75c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 75r<ft$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, Jl 85 for
Merced and *1 25@1 40 for River; New Pota
toes, 3c.
ONIONS— $1 75(52 10 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 D«r
dozen; Rhubarb. 7c per lb; Asparagus. 10>S25c:
Green Peas, lV4*?3V4c per lb for Los Angeles
nnd 4c for Alnmeda: StrMc Beans. RfllSc:
Cabhage 40<ffM>c; Los Angeles Totnatoe*.
$lfrl M; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, lfl®l2Vic;
Dried Okra, 12V4c per lb: Garlic. 6S7c; Green
Peppers from Los Angeles, 3igsc: Dri^d Pep
pers. SfSlOc: Carrots, 300'lOe per sack; Los An-
Keles Summer Squash, $I®l 25 per box; Mar
rowfat Sauash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
GAME continues weak and dull. Poultry Is
stendy. and a good demand keeps stocks from
accumulating. . "
The season for Doyen closes to-day.
I'OULTRY-Llve Turkeys, »©llc lor Gobblers
and lltfmiie for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 12®
16c; Geese, per pair. $1 75<ff2: Goslings. $1 7,"«?2:
IMicks, J4©s for old nnd $4G5 for young: Hens.
*4W6, Young Roosters. $4 6<Vffs: Old Roosters,
J4#4 E0: Fryers $4 60g5; Broilers. $4(f?5 for large
and $3^4 for small; Pigeons. $1 2.V@l 50 per
dozes for old and $2 50^3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25; Mallard. $2 50j?3: Can
vasback. $2ig>4: Sprig. $160<^l 75; Teal. $1"S1 23:
Widgeon. 75c@$l 25: Small Duck. 75c©$l: Doves.
75c per dozen: Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits. $I®l 50;
Gray Geese. $2 60«jr3: White, $1 25: Brant. $1 60
@2; Honkers. $3 50ft4; English Snipe. |2®2 s<»
per dozen; Jack Snipe, }I@l 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another decline In Butter is noted and the
market Is quoted excessively dull. Cheese Is
quiet. Eggs are a shade lower, with slowly
Increasing receipts.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. 24c; second*. 22
@23c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22c; good to choice 20<321c;
common, 15@19c.
CHKESK— Choice mild new. 10c; old. 9%c;
Young America, 10@llc; Eastern. 15%®18c;
Western. per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14c for store and 15,fJ16'4c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold storage.
12V4'gl4c. ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The demand for fine Oranges Is very good,
and at the auction five cars were sold as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 65@2 70; choice do, $1 55
<82; standard do. 75c@U 45; Seedlings, 75c.
Lemons sold, at $1 lf.fjl R 5.
Watsonvllle Strawberries sold at $536 per
chest.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—3O<SfiOc per box for common. 75c<@$l
for good to choice, and $1 25<frl 60 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 60«2 50
per box; Seedlings, 7Sc@sl 60; Pomelos. $102 50;
Lemons, $I@l so for common and $2@2 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5® 5 50; Cali
fornia Limes, 25@50c; Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
New York mall advices say of Raisins:
"Trade in raisins Is confined to such orders as
naturally come to holders without special ef
forts In California loose Muscatels the pres
ent condition appears likely to remain un
changed for some time to come. The total sup
ply left in all positions is barely enough to
carry the trade through until the next crop Is
ready for distribution. There are almost none
In first hands, and what there are in second
hands are closely controlled. Foreign raisins
are very dull, and orders are so small that they
amount to virtually no business." .
DKIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4Hc for
40-50's. 4®4Vic for DO-60's. 3V*c for 60-70's, 3<4c
for 70-80' s. 3c for 80-90" s and 2%c for 90-100' s;
Apricots. H(fil3c for Royals. 12%£n6c for M~>r
parks and 12014 c for Blenheims; Peaches. s*i@
6c for Standards. 6Hig6%c for choice and 7@Bc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10@12 l ,ic: Evapo
rated Apples. 6@7c: Sun-dried. 5@5%c per lb:
Nectarines. B®Dc: Pears, ZM^HMc for dark and
7(§Bc for bright halves; Black Figs, 2®2Hc;
White Figs. 2S3c: Bleached Plums. SifJc: Un
bleached Plums, 7@7Hc for pitted and l^ic for
unfitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c: prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per Ib, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. BV4c; choice, 7Hc; standard, 6Hc;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
60-lb bcxes, sc: 2-crcwn, loose muscatels, s^c;
3-crown, 6Uc: 4-crown. 7c: London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. Bj?9c; Walnuts, SQ'Sc for
standards and 9910 c for softshell; Almonds.
HV4'?l2c for paper shell. 9!ploc for soft and i&
5c for hardshell: Peanuts, for East»rn
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 74@8c; Fil
berts, 12@12»ic; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
©5.
HONEY— Comb, U%©l2c for bright and 10*4©
lie for lleht amber: water white extracted
7%c: light amber extracted, 7U@7Hc; dark. 6%©
6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per Ib for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light, :2c
for extra light and 13'/4c for sugar-cured: East
ern gugar-cured Hams. 13<i?13%c: California
Hams, nominal: Mes3 Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13. Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear. $17; Mess. $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at.6%@7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
$\Ac- 10-lb tins. S*ic; 5-lb tins, 9c. »
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%@8%c per ib; 10-lb
tins, 9V4c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs ana brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
lflU@llV4c; medium, . 9^l?lottc; light, 9V4c;
Cowhides. 9V4@lOHc; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9H@
lOHc; Calf, 9%#10V5c: Dry Hides, sound, IStf:
culls and brands, 15®16c; Dry Kip and Veal,
17c: Dry Calf. 19@20c: Sheepskins, yearlings, 20
©30c each: short Wool. 35® 60c each; medium,
70{i"90c; long Wool. $lf?l 25 each; Horpe Hides.
{2 75(33 for large and 75c@$l 25 for small; ColU.
50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 2.
4c; refined. 6V4c; grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Joanuln plains. 9@loe: South
ern. 8©10 c: Middle County. ll®13c; Humboldt
and Mendocino, 175?28c: Eastern Oregon. 13@16c;
Valley Oregon, ls(sf2Oc: Northern Mountain,
free. lli@>l4c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
San Francisco Meat Market.
There were no further changes yesterday. Ar
rivals of Hogs continued light.
BEEF— 6Vi®7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 7'.£<Ji9c per lb.
MUTTON--Wethers, 8c; ewes, 7«4®?e per lb.
LAMB-Sprlng. 12H@15c; yearlings. 9@loc
per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. Z%c for small. 5T4c for me
dium and 5H<B5Hc for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 6U@5»/4c; dressed Hogs. T@SV4c. •
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quenttn Bags. $3 C 5: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 7iß>7Uc; Wool Bags. 2Sff3oc.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$7; Bryant, $*: Coos Bay. $3 50; Wallsend. IS";
Co-operative Wallsend. $S: Scotch. ; Cum
berland. $12 In bulk and $13 BO in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Kgg. $13; Cannel. $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
SUOAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c: Pow
dered 5%c: Candy Granulated. CVic: Dry Gran
ulated 5Hc: Confectioners' A. M&c: Magnolia
\ 4>sic; Extra C, 4%c: Golden C. 4V£c; barrels.
l-16c more; half-bairels. >4c more; boxes. He
more; 60-lb bats, %c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent
Domlnos. half-barrels, 5%c; boxes. 6Hc per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 14.
Flour, qr sks 34.4G6 May, tons ... 427
Wheat, ctls 69,151 -traw. tons 5
Barley ctls 4.950 tt'ool. basrs 30
"•heese. ctls 2*3 t'elts. bndls 3.890
Butter. Ctls !2t PTkkp. doz 14,700
Tallow ctls ..... 2IR Quicksilver, flsks 115
Beans sks 459 Brandy, gals .... 1.000
Potatory sks .... l.«0n Wine, pals ....... 60.300
Bran sits 2.2"0 Leather, rolls ... 112
Middlings, sks .. 520 Hides. No 350
Sugar, sks , 7=o!
OREGON,
Flour, nr sks.... 11.188 Bran, sks 6.W4
Potatoes, sks .... 7.414 Shorts, sks 1,150
Onions, sks 1.270
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat-" Mar. May. My.
Opening 6 10Ti 6 10V4 . & }0%
Closing 5 10V -5 10% 5 10%
Wheat- rAHIS ' Feb. May- Aug.
Opening 20 45 2165
Closing 20 40 21 60
O^e'ninT • g " S\l
•Closing 26 75 28 10
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— Special cable and tele
graphic advices to Bradstreefs show the roi
lowlng changes in available supplies from tne
lam account: , ,
Wheat-United States and Cnnada, eaU or
the Rocky Mountains (Liverpool com trade
newF), decrease 865.000 bushels; afloat for ana
In Kurope. decrense 1.000.000 bushels; total sup
ply, decrease. 1.865.000.
Corn-United States and Canada, east of tne
Rocky Mountains, Increase 233,000 bushels.
Oats-United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains.- drcrense IS.OOO hushels.
Among the important Increases report ed^
not given in the official visible * a PP} y J™*2
ment are those of 400,000 I"'". I }**'* a ' -X^l
western Interior elevators and 68.C00 bushels at
SnßftSffil decreases are those of 1«.«1
ESS. tf MSN~n« >« X
at Chicago private elevators. p rt .
The aggregate stock of wheat held "» Pol £
land Oregon Seattle and Tacoma, wasn., in
creased 36,000 bushels last week.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
February 14, 1900.
The tixre ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
° V CO. CALKTXS.
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. N.. In oharir*.
BOSTON. Feb. 14.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The market has been very quiet, although In
the past day or two there have been evidence*
of a slightly improved inquiry and some sample
bags have been taken. Hoavy cancellations of
goods are reported, but In many cases these
are due to the fact that the goods were not up
to the quality of last year. But if the situa
tion of the manufacturers had bean correctly
reported they would welcome cancellation as
they are so heavily oversold. Consumers are
purchasing but very little wool, and except for
the sale of two or three good-sized lots of car
pet and cross-bred wools the aggregate business
of the week would figure small. Prices are
firm on low wools, but fine wools are dull.
The sales of the week in Boston amounted to
2.784,000 pounds domestic and 1.555.000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 4.363.000. against a
total of 3.3?1.000 for the previous week and a
total of 4.367,500 for the corresponding week
last year. The sales since January 1 amount
to 25.854,600 pounds, against 26,5C5.»)0 pounds
for the corresponding time last year.
Chicago Livestock (Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 14.— CATTLE— Best grades
strong ; others dull to 10c lower; Texas steers
Etrong and active; Texas bulls higher; butch
ers' stock and canners steady; choice fed West
erns in good supply at easier prices; good to
choice, $5@6; poor to medium. $4Q l 4 75; mixed
stockers. $3 25@3 80; selected feeders. J4«4 85;
good to choice cows. $3f?4 40; heifers. $3 25®
4 75; canners. $2 20®2 85; bulls, $2 60@4 40;
calves, $S@7 60; fed Texas beeves. $4@5.
HOGS— Weak, 6@7%c lower; top. $5; fair
clearance: mixed and butchers, $4 70@4 9i»/4;
good to choice heavy. $4 90«5; rough heavy.
$4 7504 85; light, $4 70® 4 92%; bulk of sale«,
$4 85@4 95. .
SHEEP— Strong and active: lambs, weak,
10@15c lower; native wethers, $1 So<&s 75; lambs,
$5 2S#7 10; Western wethers, $4 Ss@3 63; West
ern lambs, J6ifi7 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 16,000; hogs, 36,000; sheep,
'17,000.
Portland s business.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 14.— Clearings, $315,
344; balances. 176,105.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 14.— WHEAT— Steady:
Walla Walla, 64G54%e: Valley, 52®53c; Blue-
Etem. 55@56c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 14.— WHEAT— Steady. 63& c
for Club and £5V4c for Bluestem,
Foreign Markets.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 14.— WHEAT— Spot, firm;
futures steady. March. 5s 10% d; May, Es 10% d;
July. 5s 10% d.
CORN— Spot. American mixed, new. steady.
3s BHd; American mixed, old, steady, 3s 9d.
Futures, quiet. February, 3s B%d; March,
3s S»id; May. 3s B%d.
THE STOCK MARKET.
8
J SvMSJ?'*
1 2 3
- I *¦ I _ .
A S 8 T S 9 10
©Full Moon. •
... .. February 14.
IT IST W 21 22 23 21
jl jl jl ± k riiSisS
O Time Time ITlme Tlmei
£ Ft. I Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft.
!» H W [L Wl II W |L. "U'i
15 ... O:2S 6.2 5:53 2.1 12.03 5.2 6:02 O.«
18 ... O:SS 5.2 6:30 1.9 12:42 4.9 «:*» 1.0
17 ... 1:19 5.1 7:OS 1.7 1:23 4.6 7:00 1.4
18 ... 1:42 6.1 7:44 1.5 2:OS 4.3 7:f» I.S
19 ... 2:OS fi.2 8:» 1.3 3:01 4.0 5:<M 2.2
20 ... 2:3S 5.2 9:21 1.2 4:121 3.7 8:44 2.5
21 ... 3:10 5.2 10:22 1.1 5:30| 3.61 9:33| 2.9
Steamer. I Frcm.
I
Aloha jCrescent City
Czarina |PuK«?t Sound
North Kork Humboldt
Point Arena ... Point Arena
Wellington Oyster Harbor
San Pedro [Huroboldt
PcmoM S«n Diego
Aberdeen Portland
Walla Walla ..Victoria & Puret Sour.c!
Tltanla Nanalmo
South Portland. lOyiter Harbor
Orizaba IHumboldt
Mackinaw ISeattle
Samoa IHumboldt
A. Blanchard. . . 'Coos Bay
Pro jrreso I Taeoma
Tlllamook [Tlllamook Bay
Coptic iChlna and Japan
Senntor ISeattle
E. Thompson.. JOyster Harbor
.(Frt, is
Feb. l>
.!r«b. is
.iFeb. IS
-Feb. U
.Feb. l«
• Feb. in
llFeb. 1«
.jFeb. H
.'F*b. l<
.(Feb. l»
. F»b. M
F»b IS
. F»b. «
.'Feb. H
. Feb. 18
• Feb. 17
. F»h. IT
¦ F»b. 17
Ccos Bay i Newport
Empire [Coos Bay
Ftate of Cal 'Portland
. Feb. IS
.Kch. D
p»ru | Panama
Tellus 'Oyster Harbor
.Fth 13
.Feb. 19
Corona IPan Diego
Arcata >Coo« Bay
Crescent Clty./Crescent City
Homer {Portland
rmatllla IVlstoria & Pu^et BoKtd
Bonlta [Newport
Cclumb!a IPortlar.i
Steamer. I Destination.
Pier.
r.
i
Aroata |Coo« Bay
Queen iVtc A Vnt Sd.
Aloha 'Crescent City.
Bonlta |San Pedro
Columbia ..! Portland
City of Rio China & Japan
Pt Arena.. iPolnt Arena..
A. Blanch'dCocs Bay
Pomona ...'San Ple*o
North ForkiHumboldt
Orizaba ...[Humboldt
City of Para! Panama
Walla Wa.iVlc &. Pgt Sd.
Coc» Bay... I Newport
Samoa !Humboldt
Alameda ..iSydney j
State of Cal'Portland
Corona ISan Dleiro
Homer !Ore*on Ports.
.| Feb.
.iFeb.
.jF»b.
.Feb.
.iFeb.
i Feb.
.'Feb.
.Feb.
.iFeb.
.IFeb.
.Feb.
.iFeb.
. IFeb.
.iFeb.
.IFeb.
!Feb.
.'Feb.
.IFeb.
.(Feb.
1.
1
1
. 1
1
X
. 1
j
t
\
2
t
t
2
I
D
li
i:
i«
l"
I"!
t
n
U
19
2"
V
D
X
V.
::
5.
*.
~!
7,
3."
9. :
:o. :
p.
at
x
10 am I
11 am'l
• prap
9 am 1
10 am ]
1 pm 1
2 pm'l
10 asnll
11 am'l
9 am 1
Spin 1
12 ml
Ural
9 am 1
Warn 1
li> am]
11 am 1
lf> BTTI ]
Pier 13
PIM ?
Pier J
Pier U
Pier U
PMS9
Pfer J
Pier 1J
Pier 11
Pier 3
Pier 9
PM3S
Pier <*
Pier 11
Ptertt
Pier T
Pier S4
Pier it
Pier 11
O Time Time ITlme Tlmei
£ Ft. I Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft.
!» H W [L Wl II W |L. "U'i
15 ... O:2S 6.2 5:53 2.1 12.03 5.2 6:02 O.«
18 ... O:SS 5.2 6:30 1.9 12:42 4.9 «:*» 1.0
17 ... 1:19 5.1 7:OS 1.7 1:23 4.6 7:00 1.4
18 ... 1:42 6.1 7:44 1.5 2:OS 4.3 7:f» I.S
19 ... 2:OS fi.2 8:» 1.3 3:01 4.0 5:<M 2.2
20 ... 2:3S 5.2 9:21 1.2 4:121 3.7 8:44 2.5
21 ... 3:10 5.2 10:22 1.1 5:30| 3.61 9:33| 2.9
J SvMSJ?'*
1 2 3
- I *¦ I _ .
A S 8 T S 9 10
©Full Moon. •
... .. February 14.
IT IST W 21 22 23 21
jl jl jl ± k riiSisS
Steamer. I Frcm.
I
Aloha jCrescent City
Czarina |PuK«?t Sound
North Kork Humboldt
Point Arena ... Point Arena
Wellington Oyster Harbor
San Pedro [Huroboldt
PcmoM S«n Diego
Aberdeen Portland
Walla Walla ..Victoria & Puret Sour.c!
Tltanla Nanalmo
South Portland. lOyiter Harbor
Orizaba IHumboldt
Mackinaw ISeattle
Samoa IHumboldt
A. Blanchard. . . 'Coos Bay
Pro jrreso I Taeoma
Tlllamook [Tlllamook Bay
Coptic iChlna and Japan
Senntor ISeattle
E. Thompson.. JOyster Harbor
.(Frt, is
Feb. l>
.!r«b. is
.iFeb. IS
-Feb. U
.Feb. l«
• Feb. in
llFeb. 1«
.jFeb. H
.'F*b. l<
.(Feb. l»
. F»b. M
F»b IS
. F»b. «
.'Feb. H
. Feb. 18
• Feb. 17
. F»h. IT
¦ F»b. 17
Ccos Bay i Newport
Empire [Coos Bay
Ftate of Cal 'Portland
. Feb. IS
.Kch. D
p»ru | Panama
Tellus 'Oyster Harbor
.Fth 13
.Feb. 19
Corona IPan Diego
Arcata >Coo« Bay
Crescent Clty./Crescent City
Homer {Portland
rmatllla IVlstoria & Pu^et BoKtd
Bonlta [Newport
Cclumb!a IPortlar.i
Steamer. I Destination.
Pier.
r.
i
Aroata |Coo« Bay
Queen iVtc A Vnt Sd.
Aloha 'Crescent City.
Bonlta |San Pedro
Columbia ..! Portland
City of Rio China & Japan
Pt Arena.. iPolnt Arena..
A. Blanch'dCocs Bay
Pomona ...'San Ple*o
North ForkiHumboldt
Orizaba ...[Humboldt
City of Para! Panama
Walla Wa.iVlc &. Pgt Sd.
Coc» Bay... I Newport
Samoa !Humboldt
Alameda ..iSydney j
State of Cal'Portland
Corona ISan Dleiro
Homer !Ore*on Ports.
.| Feb.
.iFeb.
.jF»b.
.Feb.
.iFeb.
i Feb.
.'Feb.
.Feb.
.iFeb.
.IFeb.
.Feb.
.iFeb.
. IFeb.
.iFeb.
.IFeb.
!Feb.
.'Feb.
.IFeb.
.(Feb.
1.
1
1
. 1
1
X
. 1
j
t
\
2
t
t
2
I
D
li
i:
i«
l"
I"!
t
n
U
19
2"
V
D
X
V.
::
5.
*.
~!
7,
3."
9. :
:o. :
p.
at
x
10 am I
11 am'l
• prap
9 am 1
10 am ]
1 pm 1
2 pm'l
10 asnll
11 am'l
9 am 1
Spin 1
12 ml
Ural
9 am 1
Warn 1
li> am]
11 am 1
lf> BTTI ]
Pier 13
PIM ?
Pier J
Pier U
Pier U
PMS9
Pfer J
Pier 1J
Pier 11
Pier 3
Pier 9
PM3S
Pier <*
Pier 11
Ptertt
Pier T
Pier S4
Pier it
Pier 11Mysterious Fire on Paris Street
The residence and furniture belonging
to Bymen Blywlse at 230 Paris street, be
tween Silver avenue and Brazil street,
were destroyed by fire yesterday after
noon. There was something of a mystery
attending the fire. In the first instance
Engine Company 32, located at Holly
Park and West street, was called out on
a still alarm, and after arriving at the
place indicated there was nothing to call
for its service. The company had just
returned to its house when an alarm came
in from box 661. This was responded to,
and when Captain Eugene O'Connor ar
rived with his engine he found a fire mak
ing headway on the cottage. There being
no hydrants nearer than Mission street
he was compelled to run his hose into the
water tanks of one of the vegetable
gardens close by. The supply, however,
was Inadequate to do any service, and
the fire was permitted to have Its way,
while a second alarm was turned in from
an adjoining box by some person who saw
the flames from a distance. This had the
effect of bringing engines 33 and 18 to the
scene, but their attendance was as useless
as that of 32 because of the lack of hy
drants. ' «
The cauß« of the fire la unknown. The
premises were Insured for their" full
value.
TROLLEY CARS CRASH
AND POLICEMAN HURT
OAKLAND, Feb. 14.— Two electric
cars crashed into each other at
the corner of Alcatraz and
Shattuck avenues this morning
and' Policeman Henry McCloy had a
The republic of Venezuela contains 506.-
159 square miles. It Is larger than any
country In Europe except RusBlau
j^~^%l ***". Gibbon's Dispensary,
/U%fF*jFl <J - ; * mt;a Ejrr ST * Established
fifM fp'^a ln ' * 34 * or the treatment n * Prl vatn
EfL VC?U Dlsevv s. Lost Manhood. Dffcllltyor
CJll^OSSillseajevrSarlng on bodyand mind ami
AE CtjSS Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcareswh^u
{ SSfSJnUierslaJl. Try him- Char?«i low.
2<iSfe£*%£S tarn kij» rant rrd. Call "or write.
Dr. J. k\ UiBBOS, Box 1957. Sao FttadmA
La Estrella's Fancy Dress.
The fancy dress ball given last night
In Native Sons' Hall by La Estrella Par
lor of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West was well attended. The hall looked
very pretty and the scene as the many
vari-coßtumed participants moved ¦in
rhythm with the delicious waltz music
was a most pleasing one.
Teachers and Merchants Compromise.
The settlement of the differences be
tween the teachers and the merchant
creditors of the School Department as
outlined In a recent issue of The Call has
been rlnally consummated. The teachers
will receive 15 per cent more of their sala
ries for November, 1898, leaving about 25
per cent still unpaid. The merchants will
surrender $SOOO to , their credit In the
treasury and $7000 of the $27,000 held by
the trust company to the teachers, with
the understanding that after • the latter
have received their full month's salary
for November, 1838, the merchant cred
itors shall be awarded $8000 out of the
first collateral Inheritance tax moneys re
ceived by the city.
BAY AND EIVES STEAMEB&
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcailo."
MON.. Tuei.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:43
a. m. : 1:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nl^ht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. Z. Telephone Main 1308.
FARE Mo
Swindled Her Lover.
Mrp. Martha E. Bronhard, who is ac
cused of swindling John Leeper, 21S Eddy
street, out of $450 by Inducing him to al
low her to sell his lodging house furniture
and keep the proceeds after promising to
marry- him, did not appear in' Judge Ca
baniss" court yesterday when her name
was called. She Is out on |1000 cash ball.
As air felony cases are after to-day to be
assigned to Judges Conlan's and Mogan'a
courts Judge Cabaniss transferred the
case to Judge Conlan's court, and unless
Mrs. Bronnard appears this morning
when the case is called the bail will be de
clared forfeited and a bench warrant Is
sued for her arrest.
COXPAGNIE GESERALE TRANSATLASTIQUZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS,
Balling every Thursday Instead of «£;« fj~T *N
Saturday, from November 2, ISS9. at w**cj»S*
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.: L'AQUITAINE, Feb. 15; LA OA3-
COGNE. Feb. 22; LA TOUItAINE. March X:
LA BRETAGNE, March S. First class to
Havre. $60 and upward: S per cent redurtloa on
round trip. Second class to Havre. 145: 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. - GEXERAIj
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, tt Broadway (Hudson bulldln*).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI ft CO.. Pacldo
Coast Agents. S Montgomery aye.. San Fran-
cisco.
YOUNG AND FOOLISH.
Oden Zoebag Attempts to End His
Life by Swallowing Morphine.
A well dressed man about 25 years
of age walked Into a saloon on the
corner of Third and Minna streets yester
day afternoon and ordered a beer served
to him in one of the boxes. A few min
utes later he staggered Into the bar and
fell on the floor, exclaiming that he had
poisoned himself. He was sent to th-e
Receiving Hospital, where it was found
that he had swallowed a dose of mor
phine. The usual remedies were applied
and he was soon pronounced out of dan
ger. The would-be suicide said his name
was Oden Zoebagr, but he refused to give
any reason for trying to take his life. In
his pockets was found a note addressed
to J. S. Hall, 25 H<yzog street, Portland,
In which he said: .
"I could not make it, so it Is useless for
me to stay any longer. Good-by. I'll do
as I threatened and I won't worry any
longer. ODEN."
©SCO s*l^2?* The a - s - AlarnM.l
40l ft* £"! fin. "'•'" vla Honolulu «n<t
,irßU3i« Auckland for Sydney
y"*^— «^ Wednesday. Febw n.
CXtCUUlliy raUll for Honolulu
(OTIDfIfZK- "Wednesday. March T.
Favorit* line around tb« world Tin Hawaii.
Famoa. New 7*»a!arid. Australia. India, Suea,
England, etc.: *«1» flr»t e!a»a.
j. b. aritCKiLb fc BuOs. CO.. <4oti.. 114 Montqomen
Pier 7. Fast Pacific St Freight ofhee. 327 Market St
"While getting over the grip, and
while my stomach was so irritable I
could not eat anything without distress,
I found I could take a dish of Grape-
Nuts with rich milk, and feel built up
like I had eaten a full meal, and yet
have none of the unpleasant effects of
indigestion. I wish people knew its
worth. . .'¦'.•'
"It seems to me trained nurses and
physicians could use it to such good ad-
vantage. It is really the most nourish-
ing and easily digested food I ever
tried." Mrs. Myra J. Tuller, 1023 Troost
aye., Kansas City, Mo.
Grape-Xuts Food is now recommend-
ed by physicians all over the United
States. They know it contains the deli-
cate particles of phosphate of potash
obtained from the natural grains. This
is the element Nature uses vvitli albu-
men of the food to build the soft gray
substance in the nerve centers, brain
and solar plexus, in the human body.
The effect is in some ways like a stimu-
lant, but does not wear off, for it is a
natural rebuilding.
Grape-Nuts can be made into a >?rcat
many different and palatable dishes.
The Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle
Creek, Mich., the pure food manufac-
turers, offer to pay a reasonable sum
for new and desirable recipes which
may meet with their approval. Ladies
are requested to experiment and send
in .their recipes. As an illustration: A
most delicious mock pumpkin pie can
be made from Grape-Nuts after the fol-
lowing recipe: Pour boiling water over
half cup of Grape-Xuts, let stand 10
minutes; add 2 egj^s, 4 tablespoonfuls of
sugar, 2 cups sweet milk, one-third tea-
spoon of ginger, i teaspoon mixed
spices. Stir over slow fire until thor-
oughly boiled. Bake pie dough in deep
pan. When done put in prepared
Grape-Nuts, return to oven and brown.
HULEN GOES EAST.
Santa Clara's Coach. Accepts a Better
Position.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, Feb. 14.-Wlth rousing
cheers and music by the students' band
Billy Hulen, the baseball coach, took his
departure from Santa Clara College to
day. At the Western League meet
ing, held in Dcs Molnes, lowa, on Monday,
February 12, Pueblo was admitted to the
circuit, and the franchise was granted to
Hulen. Telegrams were received by
Hulen directing him to report Imme
diately at Pueblo. Hulen, who has been
acting In the capacity of coach for tho
college team during the past few days. Is
a great favorite in this vicinity, and
while his many friends are sanguine that
he will prove a success. ln his new ven
ture, yet they were loth to see him go.
Wife Charges Desertion.
OAKLAND, Feb. 14.— Divorce proceed
ings were begun to-day by Mary P. Sar
gent against Edward O. Sargent, a painter
for the Southern Pacific Company. The
LOOK OF DESPAIR
PREVENTS SUICIDE
OAKLAND. Feb. 14.— The look of de
spair on M. L Goodwin's face when
he applied at an Allendale Tract
drugstore for 15 cents' worth of
laudanum prevented another suicide being
recorded last night. Instead of giving the
would-be suicide a fatal concoction the
drug clerk substituted a harmless sleeping
potion. This Goodwin swallowed with
suicidal Intent. He closed his eyelids in
the firm belief that he would never open
them again in this world. This he admit
ted when he awoke from a deep, sonorous
sleep this morning. "I was tired of life
and wanted to Bhufne off," he said. His
rash but poorly managed act Is a surprise
to all his friends. It is due to family
troubles. ;':• .'
TROTTING ASSOCIATION
NAMES ITS OFFICERS
Old Begime Is Returned, With, the
" Exception of the First Vice
President.
NEW TORK, Feb. 14.— About forty
members of the National Trotting Asso
ciation met here to elect officers, pass
amendments to by-laws and transact
other business of the association. There
were 325 votes represented, of which 253
¦were proxies.
The nominating committee recommend
ed for election the following: President. P.
P Johnston, Lexington, Ky.: vice presi
dent, George W. Archer. Rochester N.
V • second vice president, N. T. Smith,
San Francisco; treasurer, L. J. Powers,
Springfield, Mass.; • secretary, W. H.
Gocher, Hartford, Conn.
Among the irrembers of the district
boards were: . :': '
Central District— William C Pollock.
Cleveland; William R. Allen, St. Louis;
Henry Schmulbach. Wheeling. W. Va.
Western District— D. C. Blake. Cedar
Rapids, Iowa; J. L. Mitchell, Milwaukee;
F. S. Gorton, Chicago.
Pacific Dlstrict-E. P. Heald. A. B.
Spreckels, John G. Klrkpatrlck, San
Francisco.
¦The old officers were re-elected, except
that George W.« Archer succeeds DavTd
Bonner as first vice president. John P.
Schultz was added to the board member
ship In the Atlantic district: Henry
Schmulbach succeeds V. L. Klrkman in
the Centra* district, and John G. Klrk
patrick replaces C. M. Chase In the Pa
cific district. With these exceptions, the
old members of the district boards were
The nex.'t meeting of the National Trot
ting Association will occur in 1902.
Certain alterations In the trotting rules
were adopted. The most Important short
ens "distance" on mile tracks to 80 yards
when less than eight horses start; in other
cases it will be 100 yards. On half-m'.lo
tracks the ' distance" is to be 100 and 103
yards respectively.
A new f;ecl!on to the rules on exonlslon
'provide? that all persons and horaes under
expulsion for fraud by reputable trotting
and running associations In any country
conducting racing under established rules
shall bo also expelled from all tracks of
the American and National associations.
This rule and the rules establishing the
"distance" are in complete accordance
with those of the American Association
and marks the commencement of a per
manent agreement between, the two or
ganizations.
GRAPE-NTJTS.
Attorney Aldrich's Narrow Escape.
OAKLAND, Feb. 14.— While being con
veyed in Dr. J. M. Shannon's buggy to
hia ofllce Attorney Hugh Aldrich nad a
very narrow escape from being killed on
Broadway yesterday. One of the doctor's
horses fell and the occupants were spilled
out on the roadway. Regaining his equil
ibrium Attorney Aldrich attempted to
stop the horse that ,had not fallen from
pulling the vehicle over the prostrated an
imal, when he was' suddenly struck by
the pole of the wagon and knocked a
considerable distance ahead. As the ve
hicle again approached him Aldrich was
pinioned to the ground. Bystanders final
ly rescued him. ¦ .
BARNES IS
MILES IN
THE LEAD
Sets a Killing Pace in the Six-
Day Walking Match at
St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 14.— Gilbert j Barnes,
the soldier-editor, at 10:30 o'clock to-night
was in the van in the six-day go-aa-you
please walking match at the Natatorlum
and was setting a killing pace. During
the afternoon Barnes was over three miles
ahead of his nearest competitor. Cox. but
during the evening the latter reduced this
lead a couple of miles while Barnes was
resting: When the latter returned to the
track at 9 o'clock he set a pace that bids
fair to place him in his old position before
many hours have passed.
Cox seems to be in good condition. \ es
terday he was stiff and sore, but to-day
he had the appearance of a trained ath
lete. "Old Sport" Campana took his first
rest this morning.
Following was the score at 10:30:
Miles. Laps.
Barnes »]] 6
Cox 37« 5
Day S]3 "
Hegelman ..307 13
" Mil'-*. Laps
Dean 303 14
Graham .... 203 > 1
Hart ...296 8
Glick 289 14
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Town Trustees. The Trustees claimed
that the rescinding of the liquor licenses
would mean a considerable financial loss
to the town. At that time fully 52700 a
year was turned into the treasury from
licenses. The amount of the license was
reduced later, howevar, to average SISOO a
year. The Trustees could not see any
way to make up the deficiency in the
treasury which the closing of the saloons
would cnuse.
Then A. W. Naylor and J. L. Barker,
two of the most prominent business men
in Berkeley, came to the rescue and guar
anteed the payment each year of the sum
of JISOO so that no loss would be sustained
by the town. " . "
The Trustees entered into an agreement
with these gentlemen whereby $450 was
to be paid on the 10th of January and
every quarter thereafter. Having guar
anteed this amount to the town the
women then undertook to raise this sum
by subscription in order to keep Mr. Bar
ker and Mr. Naylor from actual loss.
That subscriptions might be received
Miss A. M. Hicks, president of the Berke
ley W. C. T. U., sent circulars broadcast
into the State. Over ISOO petitions and
subscription blanks were sent to the par
ents of the students of the university. The
petition set forth "that the fight will be a
fierce one and we need the support of
every father and mother In California in
behalf of whose eons and daughters this
war is being waged." In a short time sev
eral hundred dollars was in the treasury
to carry on the fight against the liquor
men. Subscriptions were received from
branches of the W. C. T. U. In various
parts of the State, from churches and
fr'">m many parents of the students.
The first installment of this contract
price was paid on January 10 and there
is now a balance In the treasury of the
committee toward the present quarter.
Now no saloons exist openly, though
there are many places where one may sat
isfy his thirst "if you know where to go
in Berkeley," as the college song has it.
The front doors are closed and nailed,
while the side entrances satisfy "ac
quaintances." Still, the temperance work
ers are satisfied, as the saloon men are
gradually dropping out of existence and
seeking quarters elsewhere.
Miss A. M. Hicks, the prime mover in
the crusade, said: "We have had a hard
fight to accomplish our end. but the satis
faction it gives us to know that our end
Is gained more than pays us for our la
bors. We have worked diligently for over
a year and will never let up until there
is not a drop of liquor sold in Berkeley.
As this is the center of culture and
education, and also the strongest place
of the liquor men. our victory has been
all the more great. We went Into the
den. grappled with the demon and came
out victorious. It was a severe blow to
the saloon keepers and to the liquor men
throughout the State and a great strength
to the Anti-Saloon League. Hundreds. I
might say thousands, of dollars have been
spent by the liquor men to down our
cause. It meant much to them. If the
courts had upheld them in the Berkeley
cases their other flehts in various parts
of the State would nave been easy. We
are receiving subscriptions daily, will con
tinue to employ our attorney, Mr. Gray,
ar.d will keep up the work of endeavor
ing to close all saloons."
A. W. Naylor, president of the Commer
cial Bank of Berkeley, said: "I have been
interested In the closing of the saloons
from the start. I think they are an evil
which should not exist, and especially In
a college town where there are so many
young men. Many of them are away from
home for the first time, are of an Im
pressionable age and open more or less
to temptation. The morals of the stu
dents and the community at large has
been greatly benefited by the closing of
the saloons, and I will certainly do my
small part in assisting the ladles and men
interested in the temperance cause."
BERKELEY, Feb. 14.— The people of
Berkeley so wanted the saloon
abolished in the college town that
they are paying into the tovn
treasury the sum of $ISOO a year which
the town would have received from sa
loon licenses in order that the town be not
financially embarrassed. This sum is
guaranteed In regular agreement form by
two gentlemen and the money is raised by
Fubscriptlon from the families of unlvrr-
Etty students all over the State. The
DXBt payment was made last month under
the agreement, and upon no other condi
tion would the Trustees abolish saloons.
This is the most unique method In the
world of securing prohibition, and the
Btrkeleyans who are behind the scheme
are standing Ly their bargain with the
Town Trustees to the extent of IISOO In
cash every year. There are few cases on
record where so sir.ctre a movement was
made at such a cost.
The "mile limit'" State law prohibitirg
the sale of liquor within a mile of the
State University has always existed, and
within the last year that "limit" has
been stretched to enter Berkeley, a dis
trict of probably nine square miles. This
was accomplished only after the hardest
fight by citizens of Berkeley Interested in
temperance work, and a submission of the
question to a vote of the town.
As a result of this prohibition there does
not erist at present the wildly- exciting
tiroes that West Berkeley particularly
saw a year or more ago. There are no
more beer busts Indulged in by college
student*, and there are no more ""jolly"
times as th<re used to be.
Now Berkeley is strictly temperance
and as quiet, as the proverbial church
mouse. It is an unusual thing to see an
Intoxicated person on the streets. All this
has been brought about by a society of
ladles backed by the financial aid of sev
eral prominent citizens.
Several months ago a number of ladles
met Informally and discussed the liquor
evil existing in the college town. From
a mere discussion of the subject giew
concentrated action. A committee of
twtnty-one In which Rev. J. R. Knodell,
Professor Woodworth. H. L Gear, Rev. E.
S. Chapman and Messrs. Mills, Clarkr,
Freeze and Halnes, Miss A- M. Hicks,
Mrs. Mary Birath, Mrs. Rhodes, Mis.
Rodgerp, Mrs. Mary Cartwrignt and
Mrs. Adelaide Marquand were very prom
inent, developed the fight to close the sa
loons. West Berkeley and Lorin were the
meets of the Baloons. as East Berkeley is
within the mile limit.
The question was submitted to the ve
ers of the town and the election was 1 car
ried against the saloon. This, however,
was merely an expression of opinion, and
en act of the Town Trustees was lects
tary to make it binding. ..
The first obstacle to overcome and the
xnost prominent was the satisfying of the
narrow escape from being killed. He
was thrown from the vehicle, and
after shooting through several feet of
air landed on the pavement with such
force as to badly wrench his knee and
shoulder, besides receiving a number
of other painful bruises. A lady who
refused to give her name was also
bruised by being thrown from her
seat. The other passengers and the
carmen escaped Injury. .The Alcatraz
car, which was in charge of Conduc
tor Irwin and Motorman Dixon, was
HIS LIMP FORM
HURLED AROUND
WITH A WHEEL
Awful Experience of a
Little Schoolboy.
... v
Oakland/Office San Francisco Call.
v-'lllS Broadway, Feb. 14.
Little Tom McKeon, the 9-year-old son
of Matthew McKeon, residing at 736 Cen
ter street, had his right leg caught be
tween the spokes of a rapidly moving
peddler's wagon this afternoon and ex
perienced one of the most remarkable
narrow escapes from death on record. He
was hurled about with the revolution of
the wheel and his leg was so badly
broken that he will probably have to lose
It. He may die.
The boy is a pupil In Miss Abbott's class
at the Tompklns School on Fifth street,
near Linden. Aa ha reached the street
after his class had been dismissed he
was invited by Manuel Sllva. a West Oak
land peddler, to ride home with him. The
peddler already had Earl Reader, another
12-year-old schoolboy, by his side. The
wagon stopped and Tommy McKeon was
In the act of getting aboard. He had
reached the wheel step at the hub and
was about to climb up to the scat, when
the horse suddenly shied. The Jolt caused
the boy to slip and his right leg became
entangled between the spokes and, losing
hia grip, his body was hurled around with
great velocity by the revolution of the
wheel. When Sllva finally succeeded in re
gaining control of his horse and the
wagon was stopped little Tommy's form
hung limp, head down. The wheel and
body of the wagon were blood-besprlnkled.
The boy was carried to the .Receiving
Hospital unconscious. Drs. Stratton,
Rowe and Porter were, promptly sum
moned. Although the boy had regained
consciousness and related the particulars
of the accident as he lay qn the operating
table, hia condition from the shock was
such that the necessary amputation of the
leg was delayed. The doctors deemed that
it might prove fatal. The knee cap was
gone and four inches of the femur was
exposed. His condition this evening is
such that It Is feared he may die.
coming from Lorin, and the Shattuck
avenue car. In charge of Motonnan "W. ,
C. Ingalls and Conductor J. W. Me-
Kisick, was going toward Berkeley.
The latter was somewhat late, and an •
effort was being made to make up the
lost time. " .
Neither crew apparently paid any
attention to the crossing, and both
cars attempted to pass at the same
time. The result was a crash. Each
crew Is now blaming the other fcr the ,
accident.
MILLIONAIRE'S
BODY IS BORNE
TO FINAL BEST
Funeral of Dunsmuir
Was Very Large.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. Feb. 14.
The remains of the late Alexander
Dunsmulr were laid away In Mountain
View Cemetery this afternoon after an
impressive ceremony at the Church of the
Advent in East Oakland. A large number
of people attended the obsequies, many of
¦whom came from other parts of the coun
try, and the handsome coffin was burled
in a mound of flowers.
Among the mourners representing the
family of the late millionaire were Mrs.
Alexander Dunsmuir, the widow; Mr. and
Mrs. James Dunsmulr, the former the
brother of the deceased; R. W. Dunsmulr,
and Miss B. Dunamulr, nephew and niece
respectively of the dead man.
Rev. William C. Shaw officiated- at the
funeral services and the pallbearers were:
Captain Freeman, master of the ship
Glory of the Seas: Captain Jamea Mcln
tyre, master of the steamer Bristol; J. P.
Taylor, Dunsmuir representative in Oak
land; Dr. Thome of San Francisco;
George Fritch of San Francisco.
The followin friends sent flowers:
Thomas Morton of San Francisco, Grace
L. Trevor, Oakland; Miss Brizzolara, San
Francisco; E. F. Gerald of the Paclflc-
Union Club; James Dunsmuir. E. B.
Brock, James P. Taj'lor, Oakland: John
Dunsmuir; Edna Wallace, the actress,
who is a daughter of the widow; Mr. and
Mrs; Agnew, Mr. and Mrs. John Hanley.
A number of large floral emblems were :
also sent by employes of the deceased In
different parts of the coast. Many of the
men also attended the funeral.
Positively cored by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia^
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feet remwly lor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste la the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin* Small Dose*
. Small Price*'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cristoforo Colombo Ball.
OAKLAND. Feb. 14.— The third annual
ball of the Cristoforo Colombo Society of
Oakland will be given at Germania Hall
on Saturday evening next.
Death of Mrs. Emma Petry.
ALAMEDA, Feb. H.— Mrs. Emma Petry
died last night at her home, 2305 Railroad
avenue. Deceased was aged 4S years, a
native of Germany and besides a husband
leaves seven children.
BERKELEY RESIDENTS
PAY SALOON LICENSES
Prohibition Secured for the
College Town.
J. L Barker and A. W, Naylor Guarantee the
Amount of Licenses if Saloons Be
Abolished and Make First Payment.
UNCLE COLLIS
PURCHASES ONE
MORE RAILROAD
Acquires Carson and
Colorado Line.
IS PART OF A BIG SCHEME
Competition Becomes So Strong That
the Southern Pacific .Has Pro
jected a New Route From
Los Angeles to Ogden.
H. E. Huntington, J. C. Stubbs, R. P.
Schwerln and William Sprouie returned to
their offices in the Southern Pacific build
ing yesterday afternoon from the south-
em part of the State. Mr. Huntington,
who has been East for some time paot,
returns to this city with his authority
fully restored and as the acknowledged
representative of his uncle. on this coast.
He has no official title, but is, neverthe
less, the ranking ofllcer of the Southern
Pacific and the personal representative of
the president of the road at the San
Francisco end.
Mr. Huntington when seen yesteioay
gave out the information that the South
ern Pacific had purchased the Carson ana
Colorado Railway, a line running from
Mound House, Nov., to Keeler, lnyo
County, in this State, a distance of abcut
193 miles. Connected with this property
is a short seven-mile branch from Junc
tion to Candelaria, in Nevada, which was
also purchased by the Southern Pacific
people.
According to Mr. Huntington the reason
of this purchase is to afford the Southern
Pacific Company a shorter and more di
rect line from Los Angeles and Southern
California points to the East.
Some time ago the company made ap
plication at the Government Land Ollice
at Independence, in lnyo County, for a
right of way from Mchave to Keelor. a
distance of between eighty and a hun
dred miles. Connecting with the Southern
Pacific line at the former point, a broad
gauge road will be constructed through
San Bernardino and lnyo Counties to
Keeler, where It will be joined to the re
cently acquired property.
This railroad is now a narrow-gauge
affair, but will be remodeled and made
Into a modern broad-gauge road and will
be connected at Its northern end, some
where in the vicinity of Churchill, with
the Central Pacific by a link, some thirty
miles long, which is to be constructed so
as to join the main line of the Central
Pacific somewhere In the vicinity of
Wadsworth. This will give the Southern
Pacific a through line from Los Angeles
and the southern part of the State to
Ogden and all points in the East.
The necessity of such a move on the
part of the Southern Pacific Company has
been apparent for a long time past and
has been made even more necessary by
the recent action on the part of the Ore
gon Short Line, which has started the
construction of a line from Central Idaho
to Southern California. The Santa te
already possesses the most direct and
feasible route from the lower end of our
State to -the East, and when the Idaho
line is finished It would have the «jfre<jt
of placing the Southern Pacific in a very
cramped position between its two rivals
had it not some direct outlet of its owu
to depend on. ,
Moreover, the new line, besides devel
oping and acquiring the business of a
large and extremely productive section
of country, will do away with the tre
mendous- grades .of the Tehachapi Pa^a
and the passes now used through the bl
erras and will reduce the operating ex
penses of the company, while providing
at the same time a far safer route of
travel. The grade will be reduced to 1
per cent, or nfty feet in the mile rrom
Mojave to Oregon. 'J ';>•¦*
The former owners and directors of the
Carson and Colorado Railroad were D. O.
Mills of New York, George Whittle.
James Allen. W S Wood. S. Prints
Smith, John W. C. Maxwell, H. , H. Ta>
lor and D. A. Bender of San Francisco
and H. M. Terington. the Nevada capi
talist, who was president of the road be
fore its recent sale to the Huntington
No figures are obtainable as to the price
paid by the Southern Pacific for Its n^wly
acquired property, but the capital clock
of the corporation was valued at MmOTO.
and that there was a fifty-year $2,000,0)0
mortgage bearing 4 pfer cent interest at
tached to the property which will have
to be assumed by its new purchasers.
Fij?ures taken from the report of the mad
now on file with the Railroad Commis
sion show that for the year ending June
30 1899 its gross income was 1146,235 30.
arid that after the current expenses of
the year had been deducted from this
amount there was left an Income of $M,-
Young Mr. Huntington also is author
ity for the statement that the Southern
Pacific has purchased some valuable ccal
mining properties in Mexico about a hun
dred miles from the line of the Sonora
Railroad, that runs from Nogales to Guay
mae. These properties are among the
best In the entire republic, and a branch
ol the Sonora line will be constructed to
reach and develop them.
THEY "GAMMED"
CHRISTMAS DAY
IN MIDOCEAN
Columbia and Dalny
Vostok Meet.
THE AZTEC ' HEARD FROM
Steamer Kinau Arrives From Maka-
well With Sugar— Cleveland Sails
for Kahului — Main-Street
Wharf to Be Extended.
The transport Dalny Vostok arrived
from Manila via Nagasaki yesterday. At
the latter port the officers had some
'trouble with the Chinese crew, and In con
sequence all the Mongolians deserted.
Japanese were shipped to fill the vacan
cies and the vessel made the run to Sari
Francisco in twenty-two days, which Is a
; fair performance considering the firemen
and coal passers did not know the easiest
way to handle the furnaces. Captain
Erickson, who went out aa master of the
vessel, left her In Manila, and Captain
Gow, who was formerly chief officer of
the transport Tacoma, brought her home.
Captain Erickson was sick when he left
: here, and his ailment becoming worse he
left the vessel and went homo via Hong-
The Dalny Vostok and the Columbia
had probably the most unique experience
In the history of old ocean. They were
in company on Christmas day and
gammed. The Columbia had the head
quarters and band of the Forty-seventh
Regiment and a few companies aboard,
while the rest of the men were on the
Dalny Vostok. A stage was erected on
the Columbia's quarterdeck and another
on the Dalny Vostok amidships. A double
concert was held,, speeches were made,
toasts given and everybody on the two
transports fraternized as though they
were ashore and holiday good-fellowship
! was the order of the day.
• The Dalny Vostok "and the Columbia
left here on November 23 last with the
Forty-seventh Regiment for Manila. They
reached ' Honolulu together and left that
port in company December 11. On Christ
mas day they were both within a week's
sail of Honolulu, and the crewa of both
steamers determined to have a right royal
celebration. At noon, after the observa
tion had been taken on both vessels and
both navigating officers were satisfied
that it was really Christmas day the ves
sels came together under a slow bell. It
was a perfect day and the ocean was a
"sea of glass." All hands were mustered
for the show and the band of the regi
ment was told to bring out all Its musje.
Tables were laid on the deck of each vessel
and many a toast passed from ship to
ship. When the men on the Dalny Vostok
were ready to put forth a singer they
would shout the name of the song and the
band on the Columbia would begin the
accompaniment. In this way songs and
speeches and toasts were interchanged
until darkness fell upon the scene.
The transport Aztec, which left here
January 10 for Manila via Hilo, H. L» has
at last been heard from. Owing to the
plague in Honolulu no news has come
from the other islands of the group, and
in consequence no news has come from
the outside ports. The Aztec reached
Hilo on January 19 and landed her stock
the next day. Nine of the animals died
during the passage and had the stop not
been made at least half of ¦ the cargo
would have been lost, as the animals were
not healthy when shipped. Ab it was their
week's stay at Hawaii did them a great
amount of good and they were aa fat as
butter when- put back aboard the Aztec
on January 26. The vessel was to have
sailed the next day for Manila, but was
detained until January 29 on account of
heavy weather. While at Hilo the trans
port took aboard 30,000 gallons of water
and considerable feed for the animals.
While towing a barge out to her the
launch Lurline was swamped, but luckily
the captain and crew escaped. The Ht
tle steamer was afterward raised and Is
now In good shape again. Captain C. P.
Matson of the ship Falls of Clyde, who
went down as pilot of the Aztec, and
Captain Johnson of the bark Roderick
Dhu took charge of the landing and load-
Ing again of the Aztec's cargo, and Cap
tain Trask of the transport says thai the
work was better done than it was in Hon
olulu, with all its facilities, on thu last
voyage of the Aztec.
The transport Columbia docked at the
Harrtson-street wharf yesterday. The
Dalny Vostok is in quarantine. The Sher
man began loading for Manila and will
probably get away next Monday. The
Indiana has been rechartered and will go
on the drydock to-day. She will then load
for the Philippines. •
The Hawaiian steamer Kinau arrived
frcm Makaweli yesterday with a load of
sugar for Alexander & Baldwin. Di.
Kinyoun placed her in quarantine and the
vessel wlu be fumigated before she is al
lowed to dock. Owing to the plague on
Oahu Island there has been no communi
cation between Kauai and Honolulu, so
the planters have been forced to put on
an extra steamer In order to get some of
their products to a home port. The Kinau
will discharge as quickly as possible and
go back with a load of general merchan
dise to Makaweli.
The steamer Cleveland, under charter
to Alexander &. Baldwin, sailed for Kahu
lui and Hana. Hawaiian Islands, yester
day. She will bring back a cargo of sugar
The assistant cook mado trouble at Hailing
time, and when he assaulted the chief of
ficer he was placed in Irons and kept
there until the bar was crossed.
Edward Harrington, an employe of the
Equitable Gas Company, fell from a stag
ing at Black Point yesterday and frac
tured his left arm and leg and badly !acer
ated his mouth. He was taken to the
Harbor Hospital, where Dr. . yon der
Leith reduced the fractures and Dr.
Armistead stitched up the lacerations.
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day and awarded the contract for extend
ing Main-street wharf to Darby Laydon
& Co. The prlcfe Is $fi66o, the highest bid
being $8996. The California and Oriental
Steamship Company wan given the u«e of
two offices .on section 4 of the seawall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1900.
wife In her complaint alleges desertion as
the ground of her cause of action. Cary
Howard appears as her attorney.
Defaults, owing to the failure pf defend
ants to appear or answer, were* entered
to-day In the divorce suits of MRRgie V.
"Welden against Edward B. Welden. and
Ida' Itempsey against James C. Dempsey.
1
|l An aristocratic bev-
ll erage at a popular
f I 50 cups 30 cts I
111 No one Is too rich to use It— for j
1 I there is no other quite as jtood. ]
!11 No one is too poor — for it is the I
\ 11 most economical. ~A
S "IT BEATS THE DUTCH." j
I I D. GHIRARDELLI CO., S. F. j
visit DR. JORDAN'S GRCATi
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
QjJ 1351 1CASXX? ST. Ui. 611TX Z.T . Si. i
P The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
- TJH-.- Woni \vc.i*ncrs«» or my contracted M
jTgyguS disease i»tlti»rl7c»rea,'iy the c.'jm; V
jf&Ml Specialist cb tfce Coub E»t36>e»r« £
i¥Bzl C3- JO3DAH-PSIYATE OI3EASES 4?
VrtV^JS Consultation frr- and strictly pn»»i» \
I Xi"^Hf H Trt timent pmunaly or by Irrtcr. A g
fl Jr Tl U fw.ftr« tVrtm oery clitunJttukfi. T
9:7 lit*. Wrteforß.v)k. PBII. OSIIPB if fti
I » 1 wisiiiUK, maujsd mas. jat
A II valuable took for men; \
»n J«>BDA.\dffl. 10S1 Market St.. S. F. 9
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave iiroadway
|^ wharf. Saa Francisco:
\{lW_. For Alnakan jMjrts, 10 a. on.
V&s33&>*. F?b - ! - IC> - :5> M - 25: Mar -•
rftjri['v»M^ Change to company's Bteam-
l^\c2?«Vf% ers at Seattle.
liMcfey V\t For Victoria. Vancouver.
RfcaTVL^A 1 'B. C). P"rt Townsend.
J*W^^9l Seattle. Tacoma. Ever- tt.
Arvacortes ami New What-
com (Wash.). 10 a. m.. Feb.
5 30 IS 20 25. Mar. 2. and every fifth day
thereafter: chang* at Seattle to this company's
•teamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. /
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Feb.
I, 8. IJ. 13, 23. 23. Mar. S. and every fifth day
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ueos. Port Harford <San Lu!s Oblspo>. Oiivtota.
Banta Barbara. Ventura. Huenemo. Pan Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Aneeles) and Newport, 9
a. m.. Feb. 4. S. 12. H. 20. 24. 28. Mar. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr San Diego, stopplnr only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblsoo). Santa Barbara. Port Loa
Aneelea and Redondo (Loa Anxeles). 11 a, m..
Feb. 2, «. 10. I*. 18. 22. 28. Mar. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maedalena Bay. San Jf^e del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mm.). 19 a. in.. 7th o« each
For. further Information obtain company's
The company reserves th« rlnht to change
steamers, sattlnr dates and hours of •ailing.
without pr»vloq« nottc*.
TICKET OFFICK- « New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
COODALU PERKINS A CO.. Oen. Airts..
10 Market St.. San Fmnclsco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH TXBT STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ss*ar-atre4t Wharf it 15 a. m.
CADC £12 First Class Including Berth
I AilL $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA «alis Feb. 17. 17. iUr. s». 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
; Feb. 12. C March 4. 14. J4
Short lin» to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points ln tho Northwest.
Through tickets to all point* East.
E. C. WARD. General A rent.
«20 Market st.
COODALU PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE. ,
KXW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LOKDO3. PA3I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 19 a. m.
New Tork Feb. HlNew Tork March 7
Pt Louis F«b. 21 3t. Paul March 14
Fr'lesland Feb. IS. Kensington ..March 21
RED STAR LINE.
New York, atjd Antwerp.
From New Tork eyery Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington Feb. U Southwark ...March 7
Noordland Feb. 21 Westemland .March 1*
Frlesland Feb. 23,Kenatngton ..March 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight, and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
I Keep Well 1
• with g
8 Good Food g
O Proper Selection of Food the 0
• . k urc Way to Get Wei! and O
• Keep Well. U«e ©
8 GRAPE-NUTS, g
• c
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILX. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of Flnt and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe iHiog'i). Nagaski and Shanghai. and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo recelTed on board on day
of Mllinsr.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. Mar*h 7
HONOKON'G MARU Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARU... Wednesday, April 25
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip ticket* at reduced rat»«. For
freljtht and passage apply at company's offlce,
4*l Market «t.. corner First. • * -.
W. H. AVERT, General A cent.
9BAJT FRAKCISCO CALL.
BUF~E6S OFFICE of the Saa F— ael«<»
Call, ccrner ef Market and Third atreeta, open
witfl U o'clock every eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
rcmer Clay; cpen entll »:S» p. m.
fW Hayes rtreet; cpen tinUl l:» «. a.
tit McAllister street; cpen until »:M p. t*.
CIS Larkin ttreet; open until »:30 p. m.
J»4l Xllstlon etreet; open until 10 p. m.
CO Market street, comer Sixteenth; opea
ctitll 9 p. m.
JG6 Eleventh rtreet: open tmtll I p. m.
JC9« Valencia street ; cpen until 9 p. m.
12T3 Polk rtreet; ex>« urtll » p. m.
Northwest ccraer cf Twenty-second and Ken-
?nrlrr gtrpetn: <-yn until ? p. in.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
iIIPSION Chepter No. 79. R. A. M.— f»
StntM meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- JZ3T
isomc Temple. 2<XS Mission s=t. Business. / ~^
P M and M. E. M. degree. l<y order of the
U. 1\ JNO. R- HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lo<J{re No. 1, F. and A. •
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) Ja\-
EVENING. February 15. at 7:SO o'clock. jLj\
Third degree. By order of the Master. / »
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MOUNT Mortah Lodge No. 44. F. and A. «
M.— Officers and members are respect-
fully requested to assemble at Masonic
Temple, on THURSDAY. February 15. /^r^
at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of attend-
ing the funeral of our late brother. JOHN J.
FOX. By order of the "W M.
THEO. FROLICH. Sec.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— ft
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) *\
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First £*-/L2\
gree. Maaon* ar» cordially Invited. Bjr/V>
order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Bee
COUTH San FranclFco Lodge No. 212. m
F. an<3A. M-. meets THIS (THURSDAY) M
EVENING. Et 7:3" o'clock. Third d»-
rree. Maeter Masons cordially Invited.' '
By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
PACTFIC Lodge. I. O. O. F.. No. -jS>-WfcSv
115.— Initiation THIS EVENING. <|zShs§^
Visiting brothers cordially Invited. '?^~^Ssf
FR.ED D. AEHWORTH. N. G. //tVN
ABOLPHUS E. GRAUPN'ER. Rec. S<*>-
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A JtASERT of Egypt, greatest astrole-
gist aad palmist In the wor:d; saUsf action
guaranteed. 4Z7 GoMen Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; filvorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without euce*?s: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. tiO Market cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Maxket st. opp. Mason.
P. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
•amed practice at £03 Cal. St. Clunle building.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket et. : 6cngultatlon free: no f e*e In advance.
BOARD AXD ROOMS.
NEW family hotel; first-class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special lnflucementa to
•elect people. W7 California Bt. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
-BELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny eultee; best board: 2. X* up; single. ?22 M.
HYDE. 259 <The Salisbury)— Large items
with board: en suite or »inrle: reasonable.
LAS PALMAS, IS2O Market et— Suite of 2 cr S
rms.: private; bath: Fin. rms. ; board optional.
OFARRELL. 74?— Clean, comfortable rooms;
jttkxl home cooking: gpeclal rate? to gents.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CC*~>r> home for baby or Email child. Call at
s Elizabeth gt.
LADY vr'.th rro— 1 family wishes young child to
hoard: good horn»: reafonabl*. Box S3IS. Call.
BOOKS— XEW AXD OLD.
6CHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hclmes TS'jok Oi.. 704 M'sy'.on Ft., near Third.
BOOT AMi SHOE BAOLGAIKS.
BABTS chocs. sizes 2 to 6 35 cts
Men's working ehceg, extra quality $1 23
Boy's eboos. sizes 13H to 2 S5 cts
People's Shoe Store. 1213 Stockton, nr. Bdway.
ULSIXESS CHAACES.
A S11CO; DAIRY and route; 13 cows. 4 horses.
1 mUi •F-aeon. 1 cart. etc. : Include 10 acres
crcp cf barley hay; business established 20
years. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market at., rm. 8.
A— SZSO; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Stockton Et.; establ. many years and clearing
above JU-0 per month. Call room 8, 9« Mar-
ket ct R. G. WILKE.
A— SSSO; DELICACY and dairy business, kept
Sby present owner for S years; a splendid busi-
ness: offer; place clearing a tout $s»0 per mo.
iH Market et., room 1. R. G. WILKE.
A— J4COO; CORNER grocery, on one of the prin-
cipal business streets of this city; first-class
ij a;.:r.i.-; only ca_«h trade; stock all fresh; will
Invoice the price; a splendid and rare chance.
Particulars. li. G. WILKE. S« Market et.
room t
A— t*X'; PARTNER wanted In saloon on O'Far-
rell and Stockton ets. Call R. O. WILKE,
room 8, Stt Market Bt
A— J4OO; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Third St.. near Call bldg. K. G. WILKE.
room t. !".€ Market Et.
A— IISGO; SALOON; choice location on Kearny
at.; eplendid buslripss offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. room S. SK» Market Et
A— J7OO; CORNER *rocery and bar. with 4
rooms, en Market st. ; must be sold on ac-
count cf death at once; good business. R. G.
WILKE. &06 Market st '
A— J1100; BAKERY on Polk St.; baking 1%
barrels; all etore trade; daily receipts above
12,; rent J2S. Call R, G. WILKE. Sufi Market.
A— *3oo; FnUIT store, with living rooms, on
PolJc St.; eplendld paying business and good
• tock on hand. B- O. WILKE, 80S Market.
A— ~s; BRANCH baicery, with S living rooms;
established 10 year*; dally receipts Jl5; Eplen-
did location on Larkin et. It. G. WILKE. &0C
Market st
A BALOON on water front, with 4 years' lease;
f.r.e fixtures; large etock; rushing business;
no better location on East et. ; splendid
chance. R. Q. WILKE. S0« Market fct
ATTENTION. 6ELLEP.S!
Llet whatever you have for aal*
with me. I can sell for cash.
I wtll advertise It free for you.
I wiLct no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with rash.
I sell city and country real es-
tate and buEinesa pleoes.
H. O. DECKER. 10:0 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
12-ROOM bouse; a snap SSCW
SO-room house; a bargain........... SICOO
A cigar store; fine location ? JWW
A barber shop and cigar store JSoO
A branch bakery; rare bargain JISO
A grocery arid bar: a snap $500
Fine bakery In good location HOOO
MITCHELL & ADAMS. 90< Market Bt
|6!»— BAKERY; best part of Western Addition;
I living rooms; horses and wacons; owner
own* building; will give lease. M. LESS.
76E Market ft.
JiW— CORXKH ealoon doing rood business;
near Market ft.; full Investigation Invited: a
bargain If «old at once. M. LEBS. 765 Market.
A— $GOO PARTNER RETIRING
Remaining partner fine business man, thor-
oughly responsible; dining-room handsomely
furnished: eeata 100 people; location best near
Market In large prominent hotel; owner going
East. STENHEKO CO.. 935 Maxket St.
12500— BLACKSMITH Fhop; prosperous country
town; 2 lots: buildings and private dwelling
Included; part rash :f desired. McLAUGH-
LIN tc CO.. 77714 Market st
|300— PARTNER wanted: good business; dei~
JSO month. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
HOME-MADE randy store; great sacrifice this
day. COWING & CO.. 1150 Market et
550O— PARTNER In first-class corner saloon; es-
tabllFhed 29 years; present owner there 10
years: trial given. JONES CO.. t65 Market.
A— HOME kitchen and delicacies: downtown;
rloars $125 per month; for cost of fixtures. PA-
CIFIC STATES REALTY CO.. 220 Farrott big.
t!SO— FRUIT store: location ' b«st; gets rood
rrice*; receipts j:5 to tie a day: owner sick,
roust sell. German-American. 24 Keamy 6t.
WANTED— Partner with $1000 to er.gaire In fur-
niture business; advertiser will invest $1000
and open now store; something new on this
market. Address box 3S3S. Call offlce.
FOR sale cheap— Double team In perfect order;
fine paying business: stand central. Address
8.. box 2544. Call office.
GOOD business manager can clear $15 day;
email capital; full control. National Invent-
ors' and Mfgs.' Union, 21S Sansome Et.
WANTED— Good bakery: If possible all store
trade; in city or country: for cash; state par-
ticulars. Box 3523, Call office.
J7S— GROCERY and delicacy Etore; cheap at
$100; rent $12. 4XS Sixth et.
JIW0 — ONE of the best bakeries In city for sale;
chop business only. Address box 3SS3, Call.
GOOD-PAYING corner Ealoon; 6 rooms: with ci
without furniture; retiring. 113 Ninth et
FOSTOFFICE coffee and lunch parlor for sale
cheap. 12 Seventh st, I. O. O. F. building.
BARGAIN for buying or selling faloons or any
business; fair treatment Liquor Dealers'
Journal. CSSH California ct. room 1.
WILL trade county right of a patent for •
good piano, A£4re*« box 2t2Z. Call Cfflc*.
nCSINESS CHAACES— Continued.
COLUMBIA REALTY CO..
Successors to Schottler & Co.,
Room 53, Columbian building.
Farms from $75 to $70,000; lodging houses from
$200 to $5600; business chances from $200 to
$76,000: partners wanted In all kinds of bjisl-
neas from $300 to $2500. paying from »9w to
$4000 per year to each; we have cash, buyers
for several propositions not on our books; list
your property with us; square dealing, quick
sales, small percentage, our motto; two of-
fice* to let, $5 each.
COLUMBIA REALTY CO..
Successors to Schottler & Co..
Room 63. Columbian building.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; fine location
downtown; newly fitted up; electric lights,
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for JlOO.
WM. HENDRICKSON fc CO.. 614 Call bldg.
FOR «ale— Railroad saloon, with property.
stock and fixtures, for sale In Paso Robles.
For particulars address JOHN G. EN GEL.
Paso Robles. Cal.
FOR Fale— The furniture of private house. 8
rooms and bath; eletant furniture; rent $S5;
cheap on account of departure. See SS4
Mission st. ______________
COAL oil route for sale cheap: parties going
away. Apply offlce Crystal Oil Co., 312 Capp
Ft., near Eighteenth; phone White 1298.
ESTABLISHED furniture business; bargain for
right man; selling account of sickness. Apply
at 639 Broadway. Oakland.
SALOON, centrally located: fair business; good
Etock and fixtures; living rooms; departure
cause of eaJe. Box 3523. Call offlce.
SALOON at Third at. near Market: fine trade
cheap if *old at once. Apply Liquor Dealers
Journal. ES3H California St.. room 1.
$l«f«-CASH or eecurity; grocery and bar: good
location; fine ptock; no agents wanted. In-
oulre 30 Lily aye.
FOR 6ale— Branch home bakery and milk de-
pot: cheap If tsld at once. Inquire Call.
FOR rale— Downtown saloon. Apply to Mc-
LEOD & HATJE. 615 Market st.
A FINE downtown route on Call; In business
Eectlon. 1121 Filbert st.
FOR sale — Restaurant and bar; 20 steady board-
ers. 2021 Clement st.
ROUTE of »44 papers on thla paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Pogtofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.'
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla at.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and- subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk »t. ; open till 9 p. m. ¦
A BRANCH office fer Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner ef Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky pts. : open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 159
rets of harness will be aold at half cost, aa
the business must be clcsed. 1140 Fslsom at,
near Eighth.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission Bt
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts 4 har-
ness, wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with pocr work
send to SPAI'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 553-357 Tehama st; tel. S. 49,
CITY Steam Carpet Boating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, rngr.. 3S-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson at.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard: laid at 4c.
ETRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 844.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
et; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission .4.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Bt;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Th» World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Has removed ber offices to her residence, 1061
Seventh avenue, East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Tour Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases. heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk or the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands ha\-e been made rich, happy, and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always most successful and (¦atisfactory, and
all correspondence is kept sacredly confiden-
tial
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee. Jl and upward.
N. 8.-MUS. DR." A. D. HOWE. 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge terry and get off at
Clinton station. 2d station from Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market: trance,
test, business medium: lire reader: also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp forclrcular; sittings JL
MME A CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice in difficult matters.
g Hayes st., room 7. second floor.
DIXSMORE.
Renowned clairvoyant; private sittings; mar-
velous results: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 127 Ellis.
I CIRCLE to-day, t o'clock: 25c: readings dally.
Jl. C. Mayo-Steers. 112^4 Oak St.
TESTS to-night, 10c; sitting dally, 23c. 50c; card
reading free. Arnold & IMcksen. 148 Sixth, r.l.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: circle Tues.. Frl.. 2
p. m. ; Hon.. 8; 25c; sittings Jl. 233 Valencia.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlght. 605 McAllister et., 10c; come, skeptics.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and • card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st. near Mission.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, medium and card reader,
1007 M; Market at. rm. 10; ladles 25c. gents 60c.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent elate writer,
330 Ellis st: circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st la the original
gypsy life reader; readings. 25c.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; alt-
tlccs daily. 212V4 Sixth at.
TOUR future told by cards. 25c 544 Howard
et. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names irlven: 25c up. 6 Fourth at.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cull. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for fl.
T>o»tBire paid.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less euccessful. Room 810. 027 Market st.
~ COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 eunny rooms; yard. Key 623
Second st. near mall dock.
6- ROOM ccttage: 23V4 Morris aye., bet. Harrl-
son and Bryant, nr. 6th: key next door. N0.23.
DRESSMAKERS A>D SEAMSTRESSES
428 GEART— FInrt-claea* dressmaker, direct
from Boaton, would like engagements; beat of
references. • . '¦ '
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring ! School;
French tailoring system taught. 306 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3*7 Geary St.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School — Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng.pinklng. 121 Post over O'Connor & Moffat.
DESTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 827
Market st. over Cafe SV.nkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure jrold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 60c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated, and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
H SO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $3; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. J-5: teeth
without a. plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. COc; crowns, $3 SO: all work
painless and warranted.- Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth Bt .-¦••¦-¦•-;
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7 Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
. without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 BO up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
. a. n. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manaror.
DEyTISTg.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell at., ex-
tracts and nils teeth painlessly by hla won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible platea, $3; received S first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 yeara-.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
epeclalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2»5 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full eet of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia; dental
work reas. ; painless extraction; hours; 9 to 5.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices in 8. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, $69 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. h! oT
YOUNG. IS4I Polk St
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 750; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 631.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, B. F\—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy English
b.ranches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities:
salt water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis ata. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
BOOKKEEPING— Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculation. • Tarr, exp. account. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. BAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1238 Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech., survey, assay, archl. ; day and even.;
ett. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar wrtt-
lng, etc.; day or night; $5 month. 1024 Mis-
sion st, near Sixth. _____
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a- spe-
cialty: English. Spanish. 337 Phelan bldg.
LAW schools, 527 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
CIVIL service coaching; day. evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market Bt.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. success-
ful teacher. 1008 Mission; best methods, results.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFlllppe's Acad-
emy of languages,32oPOßt;est.lB7l;ablestprors.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough" Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market at; life
scholarship. $50: tend for catalogue.
CLASSES In German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. O. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
DANCING, ballroom or stage. Quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 92" Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce.
No SO Geary St., established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post Bt, near Powell. GEO.
AOKI. 421 Post et. ; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 4!6 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
best help. 414^ O'Farrell >t.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FE3MALE.
AN English middle-aged woman, good cook and
houseworker. $15 to $20; city or country. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter et.
A NEAT Scotch girl wishes situation as cook;
good references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED, refined couple (no children),
weM educated, speaking German and English,
would like full charge of boarding or room-
Ing house or care of. private residence. Box
3535. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted to do general housework In
American family; city or country; Is good
cook; wages moderate. Call 1008 Seventh st,
Oakland, In the rear.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a sit-
uation house cleaning or washing for Friday
and Saturday. 29 1 .4 Lily aye., near Franklin,
off Market^
YOUNG woman desires a position as seamstress
or lady's maid; first-class fitter and modiste:
best city references; no objection to country.
Address box 3509. Call. ¦
YOUNG lady visiting the city desires to assist
In private family for board and room. A. Z.,
box 3540, Call office. '- _^
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work; city or country; wages $12. 1103 Powell.
YOUNG plrl wishes position to assist In house-
work and care of child. 31 Madlßon aye., oH
Harrison st.
YOUNG girl wlsheß to do second work. Call
at 24 Tehama st.
SWEDISH woman with a boy 4 years old would
like a place as cook and general housework;
wages $15. MRS. JOHNSON. 1826% Bush st.
TWO good reliable women wish general or light
housework; kind to children; wages moderate.
IOTS'J Market Bt, near Seventh.
COMPETENT jrirl wishes situation; housework:
good cook and laundress; city or country. 924
Washington i»t.. near Powell.
MIDDLE-AGED American wishes a position as
cook; the mountains preferred; references
given and required. 78 Third St. ¦
FIRST-CLASS nursery governess wants posi-
tion or care invalid, housekeeper and compan-
ion for delicate lady. Box 5543, Call offlce.
REFINED woman will give mornings and
evenings for a home; Is good housekeeper,
eewer. Box 3542, Call office. v
ELDERLY woman, experienced and Independ-
ent cook, only German speaking, wishes posi-
tion as cook In good house or Institution; city
or 'country: prefer German speaking; is good
bread and butter maker. 668 Seventh Bt., Oak-
land^ " ' :
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes to do house-
work; wages $25. Call at Swedish pastor's
residence. ]033 Minna st.
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at home.
Call at 150 Fourth at, room 7.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to wait
at table in hotel or boarding-house; flrst-
class references. Address box 3520, Call.
GERMAN lady cook In private family. Apply
for three days at 162 Jessie st
COMPETENT woman for light housework and
plain cooldntr. Please call at 2905 Pine et.
GIRL would like to assist in housework or
chamberwork; best of references. Apply* at
40 Minna st.. In rear.
COMPETENT nurse wishes position; city or
country. Call 624 Chestnut at, between Tay-
lor and Mason.
COMPETENT woman, good cook, wants a sit-
uation In American family:, will do email
wash. Address Cook, 522 Linden st, Oakland.
YOUNG lady would like a few hours' work
a day. Apply MS 14 Howard st.
AN elderly German lady seeks employment as
seamstress, either at home or In families.
10 Colllnewood st.
EXPERIENCED German girl would like to gt>
to Europe; Germany preferred; care for In-
valid or children; best references. A. 8.,
2705. Call offlce. Oakland.
WANTED— Engagements by a hair specialist
. to treat persons at -their homes for falling
hair, dandruff, gray hair and eczema: best of
references and all work guaranteed. Box 8594,
Call office.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladles In confinement MRS. WO L-
TER. 132 Sixth St.
I WOULD like to find some kindly person to
assist me through my Journey In life: city or
country. Address box 2726. Call. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
. week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. - '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky sts.; open until 9p. m. • - .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SITUATION wanted by young man. 38, from
the East, of good address; place In some
wholesale house ;• Is a handy and all-around
man; strictly temperate: not afraid of work;
good references. Box 3537, Call offlce.
WANTED — By young man, 35, position as por-
ter In hotel or to take charge of some good
lodging-house; good references; not afraid of
work. Box 3536. Call offlce. • : -.
RESPECTABLE man, 35. from the East, of
good address, wants permanent position of
some kind; not afraid of work; good refer-
ences. Box 3538. Call offlce. ¦
YOUNG man with 5 years' experience In - the
poultrybuslness would like a position In city
or country", sober; good references. Address
box 3532. Call offlce.
-
COMPETENT man wishes situation; good
driver and take care of horses; aJso capable of
taking care of garden; references. Box 3541,
Call offlce.
HELP WANTED— 3I ALE. •
SITUATION wanted as flrst-claas cutter and
. designer on ladles' cloaks and suit*. Addre*«
box 2700. Call offlce. '
CARPENTER, handy, will make himself gener-
ally useful; has tools; well recommended: will
work cheap. Address Carpenter, box 3530. Call.
YOUNG man wants some kind of work for
mornings; strong, reliable and sober. Box
8545. Call offlce. •
REFINED Japanese echoolboy want* a situa-
tion In a noble family. 1010 Pine Bt.. Japanese
Mission. , •
! COMPETENT man wishes situation; a good
baker, also fine cook; In Italian or French
? restaurant; city or country. Address box
3519. Call. ;
GENERAL blacksmith and horseshoer wants
steady Job; best references. Address J. G..
1056 Twenty-fifth aye., East Oakland.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, understands any
style of cooking, wants situation In private
family. Apply YAMA. 923 Sacramento St.
STRONG young man wants to learn plumbing.
Address Lorln Postofflce. Alameda County. .
STRONG young man wants to learn plumbing.
Address box 3579. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man at house-
cleaning or any other kind of work by the
day: best city reference. Box 35H. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS Scandinavian gardener; under-
stands care of horses, buggies, cows, vege-
¦ tables, lawn, flowers; In private family; very
useful and willing; references; city or coua-
try. Box 3581. Call office.-
YOUNG man would like to take lessons on hair,
dying, manicuring and bleaching; will pay
for same. Address box 3515, Call offlce.
RELIABLE married man would like to take
full charge of rooming-house or private place.
Address J. DAVIS. 223 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by married man; work of
any kind; porter preferred. Address P. Z.,
box. 7613. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore at
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 122S Polk st.: open until 9 P. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
7^X^ERT~ OPTICIANS^
GEO. MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market St.: examination free: German
•eyewater by mull. 50c. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET-
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
242S Geary; 6 r $18|510A Jones; 5 r...514 09
1014 Treat aye.: 7 r. 17|2819 Green; 6 r.... 12 50
IF you want to move pet printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SACRAMENTO. 1351— New flat of 3 rooms; sun;
yard; rent $12 19. -.
$18— SUNNY middle flat of 5 rooms, bath. yard.
1740 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
$10— FLAT of 4 rooms. El 5 Thirteenth at.
$18— ADULTS: 4 comfortable rooms: bath;
toilet: 2 beds; pan and coal stoves. 1517 Geary.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMjfTurnlshed ln^ oak foTl(4TEor~wlth No!
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all clzes. $2 99:
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs.
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stocktoa
St.. near Brnml\r«iy : oti"n »venfrte?.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture; carpets,
piano. 1135 Market Bt. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 3351.
WANTED— The furniture and carpets for 5 or
6 rooms. Bon 2632. Call. '¦-¦-£ -¦--¦
HELP WANTED — AGENTS. ;, .-:
~~~~~~ ASN A P FOR AG ENTs!
A book that everybody buys at sight.
"CAMPAIGNING IN THE PHILIPPINES."
300 Beautiful Illustrations.
Give first, second and third choice of territory.
Address at once THE HICKft-JUDD PUB-
LISHING CO.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Collectors and solicitors; cash ad-
vances made to the right parties; call between
R and 9 o'clock mornings, Thursday evening
between 7:30 and 9 o'clock. 300 Post St., cor-
ner Stockton.
AGENTS— Contra Costa, Alameda. San Joaquln
and Stanislaus; money In this; investigate.
CLARK. 751 Nineteenth St.. Oakland.
AGENTS in each county on coast; permanent
work and territory; article a seller. HER-
RICK. 1417 Brush st. Oakland.
LADY agents to sell rapid selling household ar-
ticle. 123 California, r. 20, bet. 4 and 5 p. m.
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODEIX. 2r« Kearny St.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
cTrThaNSEN &CO PHONE GrTnTmTs
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, south. $20; 3 waitresses, country.
$20; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids,
$20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; 4 waitresses
for new first-class restaurant, . $6 week: a
number of housegtrls and hotel girls for Los
Angeles.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT '
' Nurse, $20, city references; houaeglrl, $20,
Rome family; cook. $20, no washing, fare
paid, short distance In country; cook, country,
$25; 2 cooks on ranches, $25. $20; houseglrl.
Martinez, $18; 30 girls for housework, second
•work, nursing, etc. C. R. HANSEN &. CO.,
104 Geary 8t
.WANTED— Scandinavian cook, 135, no wash;
4 cooks. German style. $25. $30: cook, plafn
wash, $25; French nurse, $25: German nurse,
$20; nurse and second girl, $20; 3 second girls,
' $20. $25. country and city; head waitress, $25;
5 restaurant, $0, $6 a week; 4 hotel waitresses,
1 $20, city and country: chambermaid and wait-
ress. $20, country; cook for bakery. $30; 50
house Klrls, $20. $25, city and country, $25.
J. F. CROSETT CO.. 316 Sutter st. .
COOK and 'second girl. Oakland. $30 and $20,
same house; cook. city. $30; chambermaid.
$20; cook, 2 In family, $25; houseelrl, small
family. $25: houseglrl, Alameda, $30. MRS.
NORTON, 213 Sutter at. ¦
EXPERIENCED hands on One white work.
DAVIS, SCHONWASSER & CO., 134 Post «C
a __ _ ¦
WANTED— Two strong colored girls; one to do
cooking and other to do- chamberwork; call
after 1 o'clock. 239 Post et.
RELIABLE young woman to assist with gen-
eral housework and care of two children;
wages $15. 527 Baker st.^
WANTED— A neat Scandinavian or German
girl for general housework; small family.
Apply 2634 Howard st
WANTED— Neat girl for general housework:
must understand cooking: small family. 3003
Jackson at '
GIRL and boy wanted! from 10 to 14 years of
age, to learn to paint dolls' heads; goo 4
wages. Address 410 Kearny at. room 40.
GIRL for general housework In small family;
German or Swiss preferred. 613 Fell it.
from 10 to 3 o'clock.
WANTED— Hairdressers, manicures and ap-
prentlces. GOLDSTEIN & COHN, 822 Market.
WANTED— Protestant girl for general house-
work. Apply 222 Dolores St.. near Sixteenth.
WANTED— GirI to care for boy 7 years; must
live at home; wages $7 50. 816 Butter at., r. 6.
GIRL for\ light housework, cooking, care two
children; $15. 122 Carl sf
YOUNG girl to assist In lodging house; sleep
home. 1239 Market Bt.
GIRLS for, handiwork on corsets. 231 Powell st.
GIRL to assist with housework. 1521 Webster
street. -
EXPERIENCED corder on silk waists. San
Francisco Mfg Co.. 409 A Turk.st. *
WANTED— Finisher, also apprentice on cus-
tom coats. 744 Folsom Bt. .
GIRL" for housework In small family; wages
$10. 419& Eleventh Bt. - •' ¦¦----¦ f -¦- ¦¦¦
WANTED— German girl for general housework.
1018 Sutter st. . '. - ' .
GIRL for light' housework and assist with
children. 924 A Fulton Bt.. near Stelner.
APPRENTICE for halrdresslng. 424 Turk at
EXPERIENCED girl • chocolate and bonbon
dippers. 512 Hayes st. "" ¦ '- j
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. 272 Stevenson
st.," first floors - ¦'¦
WANTED— A girl for second work and waiting.
; 1307 Hyde St. ' ¦' • '
WANTED— Steady waitress; no Sunday work.
619 Sacramento at: call early. ¦¦-¦• - '
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 36H Fremont st: elevator.
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats and but-
tonhole maker.' 14 Harrlefst. .
MAKERS wanted. 1323 Stockton at, New. York
Millinery.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
ABOUT 150 more sewing machine operators will
find good paying work In Lev! Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory. S2ft Fremont at MR. DA-
VI3. Supt.
GERMAN or American girl to do second work,
wait at table and do sewing. Apply 928
Grove at., bet 10 and X. . , ¦¦ .
WANTED— First-class pants flnieherst good
pay; steady work. 411^ Kearny st
FIRST-CLASS helper on coats. THOMAS E.
KENT. 121 Post at. third floor.
WHITE shirt operators wanted at 36H Fremont
st.; elevator.
WANTED— First-class waist trimmer: state
. salary and reference 1 Apply box 35U. Call.
NEAT girl for German and American cooking;
references; wages .$25. 1150 O'Farrell st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2220 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
¦ northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 1 SS4B
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
41 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, milk-
ers, buttermakers, choremen and boys
$30. $26. f25. $20. $15. $10 and found
laborers and teamsters, city Jobs, $26 and
- found; 3 blacksmith's helpers; milk wagon
¦ driver; young man for saloon. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 CJay st. '
26 GOLD, coal and silver miners. $3 60. $3 day
and $75 month; hard rock miner, see boss
here. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
364 WOODCHOPPERS, tiemakers. shlng-I* and
box bolt makers, picket and post makers,
tools and food furnished on many places,
$2 50, $2. $1 50, $1, 75c cord, 12c, 10c, 9c each,
$1 50 1000. 2&c each. MURRAY & READY,
634, and 636 Clay st.
6 COOKS 6 Walters 2 Laundrymen
$12 week. $30. $40, $50, $23 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay at.
WANTED— This morning at 7:30, with blankets
ready to start. 20 two and four horse team-
sters. $1 75 to $2 a day: 5 fence builders, $2 a
day, for Coast railroad, come with your
blankets and lunch ready to go on train. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
10 SINGLE hand quartz miners. $2 60 a day;
dishwasher, country hotel, $25 and free fare:
bell boy. country hotel, $15 and fare; washer,
hotel laundry, country. $45 and fare. C R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 blacksmiths' helpers. $1 B0 to $2 50
day: blacksmith. $2 50 day; choreboy. private
family, $10 and found: 2 miners, $2 50 day; 3
milkers, $30, steady Job; woodchoppers, farm-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Head cook. $60, and second cook,
$35, same country hotel; cook and wife, $50 to
$C 0; boy for bakery. $4 to $5 week: third cook.
$30; colored waiter, $20 and found: 2 dish-
washers. $27 50 and $30, and others. J. F.
I CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 miners for gold mine. $45 and
board and Increase, see party at our office
this morning: middle-aged man on poultry
ranch, no experience required. $30; also ranch
teamsters, milkers, farm hands, cooks; wait-
er, country hotel, $15 to $30: and others. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— S woodchoppers for first-class lay-
out, tools and provisions advanced, see party
in city; 2 miners, $45 and board: blacksmith's
helper for ranch. $30 and board, and others.
R. T. WARD & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
oruanlzed union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Sec*y. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive. Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
GOOD general tailor wanted for the country.
Apdy at 9 a. m., STEIN, SIMON & CO., Mar-
ket and Second Bts.
WANTED— A bright, energetic, hustling sales-
man to sell pianos; experience unnecessary.
136 Ellla st.
A PARTY that can work a divining rod or
mineral rod. Address for particulars to A. 8.,
box 11. Lorln P. P.. Cal.
BOYS wanted after school to sell chewing gum:
you can make bis money: call early. 755
Capp gt, near Twenty- third.
BLACKSMITH'S helper or general blacksmith,
with experience In horse shoeing. 437 Fran-
cisco st. -
YOUNG men and sailors for deep sea and steam
whalers. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Bt
FIRST-CLASS solicitor; life Insurance, W.,
box 3534. Call office^ .
A MAN for general work, restaurant; one who
can cook short orders. 233 Eighth st.
BOY for drug store; $2 50 week. Box 3547, Call
office. |
WANTED— An engineer to run mine hoist;
must be competent, sober and careful; also
1 blacksmith: must be a good tool sharpener
and reasonably quick; steady work. Call on
or address Montreal and Oregon Gold Mines,
Ltd.. Ashland. Oregon.
BCO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Third hand cook; $30. 1U 'Larkin
street.
ERRAND boy: $2 per week. 109 Montgomery
street.
FIRST-CLASS drycleaner and presser wanted
at 1523 Mission st. J. F. ENOW & CO.
WANTED — Shoemaker to do repairing. 158
Third st.
FOR sale— lsc barber shop; cheap; good rea-
sons. Cor. Sixteenth and Market Eta.
TWO tailors wanted at 2820 Greenwich st:
military -work.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; spectal Inducement
this season: handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free: only Institution In tha
world teachlnr the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. New York,
St. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis. .
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book salesmen.
Call upon or address Manager, 927 Market at,
room 622. ¦
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. S. F.
Barbers' School, 741 Howard Bt.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25a
to 60c. E62 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d ats.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONB— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. • 10c. 150 and 250
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper: best In city. 40« McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open till 9 p. m. -.':¦-
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencla st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. ' Grand Arcade Horse Market
127 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CO HEAD fine draught ana driving horse* at
1621 and IC2S Market st.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some : fine . matched black teams.
STRONG horse, $15; Jump-seat cart. $16; doc-
tor's buggy. $35. 19 City Hall aye.
FOR sale — Gentleman's road horse and blka
buggy. DAL7.TFX. Vet. Dentist. 605 Q. G. it.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
A. . M. SPECK & Coir^6T^kARKET~ST!
$600 — 15 rooms, Ellis. $3500 — Corner near Or-
slSoo— 37 rooms, near pheum.
Tivoll. • $1250— 2* rooms, north
$5600— Sutter. 60 rooms. side.
$S0O — Geary. 12 rooms.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
ROOMING houses all sizes, prices and • loca-
tion* and business chances of all kinds In the
city and throughout the country: cheap. Pa-
clflc States Reality Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
R. H. WINSTON. 1026 Market st. "
24 rooms; rent $6: near Market $SOO
37 rooms; rent $40; only $SOO
105 rooms; corner; clears $200; reduced.. ..slsoo
10 ROOMS, very cheap, low rent, clears $35: 54
rooms. $2500, clears $300 a month. M. GRIF-
FIN. 719 Market St.. nr. Call bldg.
HOUSE of IS rooms, north of. Market; bargain
If sold to-day ; sickness cause of sale. Box
2574. Call offlce.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses se«
• BASILE. » Eddy st: new cash buyer dally.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms, for aale;
• bargain. 130 Second at; no agents.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS.
62 rooms: fine corner; clears $150 .....SISOO
24 rooms: north of Market; clears $123 900
11-room house on Bush st 4(50
7-room house: only 159
83 rooms; rent $40 1300
24 rooms: easy payments. SCO
E-room flat; new 330
32 rooms; corner: only 1200
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 325
10 rooms; on Taylor st. ; worth $5C0. ....... 450
32 rooms: corner; clears $120 IEOO
10-room flat: clears $150 COO
Corner on Market: clears $460; 104, rooms.. 4SOO
Near Call offlce: worth $2WO; 2S r00m5.... 1200
Mod. house; elev.: clears $500; 84 rooms 6500
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
ELLIS 1464, near Buchanan— Six rooms and
bath; sunny; rent $21. ASHTON & GARDI-
NER. 411 Montgomery st.
HAVES, southwest corner Devlsadero— « rooms
and bath; modern Improvements: reasonable.
$12— HOUSE of 6 rooms. 323S Twenty-seccnd
St., near Valencia.
2-STORY building or a large spacious store
and basement: suitable for any business: 1427
Park st Inquire Alameda Land Co.. Park
st. and Santa Clara aye. '
WANTED — Good tenant for new 4S-room house.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
LOST AXD FOU>'D.
LOST — On Ellis or Powell, small breastpin, a
leaf with small blue stone center and pearls
around It. Return to PETERS, 722 Powell
Bt. and receive reward.
LOST— Foxterrler. brown and black spotted:
.license 367. Notify Wunder Brewing Com-
pany for reward, cor. Greenwich and Scott.
LOST— Yorkshire terrier; S years old: answers
to Dandy; S5 reward on return to 315 Cherry
St.; phone Pine 76.
FOUND— A brown hunting dog with white on
breast: have same by paying expenses. 133
Eighth st.
LOST— GoId cuff button: Initial O; liberal re-
ward. Return to 200 Third st.
LOST— JS reward: Wednesday momlngr. white
spitz dog; answers to Tobey. 43S Dupont st
LOST— A passbook with the Illbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of ROBERT HEASMAN. No. 155-374.
The finder will please return to bank.
MEDICAL.
¦DFt and MRs! KOHLTThe only reliable ladle*
physicians and specialists of long and suc-
cessful practice; private home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: best of care;
guaranteed treatment at offlce. $3: safe and
reliable: consultation free. 1123 Market St..
between Mason and Taylor: hours, 9 to 6.
DRS, GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physl-
dan, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; cafe and reliable cure In one
day; 15 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007V4 Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1973% Market st
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; home
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
flce, $5; any ailment; consultation free. 542
Post st. between Hyde and Larkin.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market; l*«Sie«-
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $3.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market, ladies' speclal-
l»t; cuar&nteed treatment at office. JS: saf«
and reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist: home or offlce treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 111S Maxket
et. : every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horns
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 113 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, ehowcases. coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
flce furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Walti Fafe Co.. 109-111 Market st. S. F.. Cal
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
eines. boilers, water pipe, shafting:, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPL
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
FOR pale — 2 pumps. 2 tanks, windmill and
horsepower. ISCB Fifteenth st, or 3627 Twen-
ty-third st.
FIXTURES for sale cheap In stationery store.
Call 2505^4 Sutter St.
ATTENTION! Cape Nome Miners— Mexican
Jerked beef. DR. STEARNS. 46 Chronicle big.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mlrrurs.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1C63 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st, near 15th.
ANY parties having Ansora goats for sale ad-
dress 11.. 228 National aye. Sao Dlezo. CaJ.
A lt-TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. S California st
A— S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. (1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pins.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
oxt i-:-n!»il sticker: 1 planer and m&tcher: t
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 51J Montgomery st
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and recond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1533 Market st
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 116 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Pacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— An electroplating dynamo of about
160 amperes; answer quick. Box 8529. Call.
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Kraa-
Cisco Iron Yard. 204 Mission st. .-
MOXEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtaia
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
eat rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Hi Market
st. ; tel. Main 1844. Branch 1? Third aC
ANY proposition, any amount; ¦ per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legactes, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. B.
OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then se« me; {54
to $100,000; < per cent: Ist, Zd or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probat-, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought* advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. (32 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. X
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powel! St.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount*
. lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st. room 9. respectable privat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 893.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest Rooms
68 and 6<t, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
MONEY to loan on real estate, notes, checks,
pianos and all kinds of personal property.
PEWINQ. 75 Chronicle buitdinr.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exchange. 421
California St.
MONEY to loan on real estate, notes, checks,
pianos and all kinds of personal property.
Address Confidential, box 2723. Call office.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal: no commission. R. 81.6 Eddy.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 33« Parrott bund-
ling— Mencangecure^ansonpersonaj^note^
AT 1H per cent per month, on furniture. 1503
' Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY, 430 Par-
rott building. _^______
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORItELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $jO.COO. lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortys.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture pianos, without removal: no
commission : private.' LICK. 116 McAllister.
iF your property la mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO aalaried men. without collator*! or tadorser;
other propositions; private rooms. Ban Fran-
claco Discount Agency, 143 Pnelan building.
MOSKY WASTED. r
WATMTrin^sicO 000 to J150.000 for Investment
business; will brltif
3546. Call office.
MLSICALINSTRU3IE.\T3.
aoaiv we remind you that you ihould pur-
chasVyTur medium and low priced pianos
whereth-y can be exchansed for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
Price allowed. We are selling new uprlsht
pTan'sSorTs per month, and^ «°«VmaT
for 13. J4 and J3 per month. sti£.iuiAM.
CLAY ACO Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Butler .tk. San Franc 1 sco. : corner Thir-
tienth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHAbE 3.
M. ZS and SO OFarrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
•nd prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer. ¦--¦ -
1 KXABE pianoo: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
WE have some very .fine bargains to offer you
to-day; cash or payments. MAUVAIS', 769
Market st. .
DECKER & SON, Packard & Boothe Bros., are
the names to remember when selecting s
piano. Full line at Mauvals'. 763 Market St.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
piancs; prices reduced to Insure proispt sales.
W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
SO SLIGHTLY u?e<s high and medium grade
pianos: special discounts for cash: open. sat,
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 13S E'.lls St.
AN owner In reed of money wtll sacrifice her
beautiful upright piano. Room 10 Flood bldg.
SELL for stnrag<— l uprights. 175: very Cn»
Stelnway. $115. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market
LARGE upright piano; standard maka; 1125;
call evenings. 1319 Powell st.
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. 1818 Market st.
FINE Fischer A Ste'.nway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. IQt* van N*gs aye.. nr. Geary »C
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'3. 218 McAllister st
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMIT2; IS
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 1 Latham plac-.
OFFICES AXD STORES— TO LET.
ZS3 Devlsadero; S r.. 520 '722 Montgomery ave.|»
831 Howard; -4 r 15|44l OaJt: 2 r 13
A. M. SPECK ft CO.. 867 Market st.
FIXE store and 4 rooms for barber and family
on B st. San Rafael: rent $12. Apply to J.
CORTI. P. O. box 192. Ban Rafael.
UNION-SQUAP.B building, opposite City or
Paris. Stockton and Geary sta.— Elegant new
offices and stores.
NEW corner, suitable for drugstore; fixture*
complete; cheap. Eighth aye. and Clement.
STORE 3 rooms to let. NW. cor. Union and
Leavenworth sts.. nr. the Unlon-st carhouse.
$2O— STORE; I (how window* and 5 lars" rooms:
adapted to any business. 4T3 StTth st.
PALMISTItY.
MME. Neersaard. Pres. St Oermatn Colles* o£
Palmistry: reads Ito 8. 616 Geary, nr. Jonea.
PARTNERS WASTED.
ACTIVE and honest man with J3oo— $400 wanted
as partner for a small factory (household artt-
cles): large profits: cash. Box 3317. Cal! o?Be.
PEKSO.WLS.
WA^roS^AiidTMs^^^
ALD, widow. Address box 2C63. Call offlce.
BARBER wants wife. 2S years of age. to lly»
In mining camp. Address Postuffico box
73.500. PhoenU. Ariz.
BELLE— OUDRI
IS NOT A HPT.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like ma«ic (mm her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for Bale: also
chenille- wove, rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ANY Jady calling en February 15 to our cloak
spoon of the battl-shlp Maine; worth while to
come. Eastern Outfitting Co., 13C8 Stocktoa
¦t. near Broadway.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN. 103 gansome st.
PHYSICAL culture; massage given to ladle*
at their homes. Mrs. Wagner. 1913H Larkin.
A FINE suit to order $19 75 or pants S3 73; «op
specialty In remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready mad*. L. LEMOS.
1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co. ; 632 Kearny. near Sacto;
also 1544 Market St.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third ft, near Market: 100 room*:
13c to $1 S» per night; $1 SO to $4 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
llolted. GOLDSTEIN* & CO.. 733 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work,; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 3C7 Jessie st.
JAPANESE Hotuecleanlng Co., 7OT Devlsadero
st. near Grove. 9. KIXO.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clotJi-
. Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. black 412 X
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tooli,
carpets, old gold: send for htm. tM Kearny.
HIRSUTISE -CO.. hair specialists, crow hatr
or n» pay^ book for stamp. * Eddy st.
WANTED-Old gold for manufg. O. NOLTE,
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. "WHITE-
HQR.N." A.M.. Ph.D.. IXIS Linden. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address la th«
United States, postnald. for It per year.
~ PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich In tone, easy t»
work; low price; sample dozen 4x5 and dovsl«
oper mailed Kc. Cal. Camerm Co.. 12 Oearr.
PHYSICIA.VS AXD SCRGEOXS.
i-i, n- - 1 ¦ ' ¦ ' -
PARALTSIS;
>t.t. KERVOUS DISTASTES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS;
'AM. ABNORMAL. ENLARGEMENTS*
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: BKIN DISEJ^SSat
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDINO CHRONIC DISEASE*
Cured where all other have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation fre«.
DR. L. J. BTRATTON. 607. K8 and 509, Pai>»
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
loan Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL XSTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
a. m. BPEciXEaT^^ >t opp Kearny
JSO.OOo— Grand corner; 75 ft front; % bloclc
from Market st. not far from Sixth; rents $300
$75 COO— Grand cor.. 60 ft, withla block oC
Baldwin^ "osltlvely the cheapest property
W WC»3ur. B tav£tJn«t: vicinity PoweU and
Geary 4-story brick building ; stores and lodg-
lne-hou?e above; 3« feet front
$45 Oct-Corner; rents $430; modern taproT*.
"rV&^NeS 1 Ed f dy and Jone.: store and 28
racTin's above: modern: pays 7 per cent net.
st; 75 feet front; reau $3400
veariv good building: 4 stores.
i~ SCO-Thlrd nt. about 325 feet from Market:
stor"- and lodg'-ns-house : terms. H cash.
$t» 500— Mission st.. near Third; best bargain
•'flf^Grand'Tn^tment: rents $159.
$i:'.ooo-PE. cor. Mason and Washington: $3:t
t*»°"6: make offer.
YlQ.eoo— 3 modern flats; Eddy St.; rests {1000
ncr annum: all rented.
JT6sO— Six good flats: rent» $360 yearly; down-
town: lot 60 feet front.
$Bvo— Post st; 2 good Cats; nst* $80; lot
ttiOCO— Corner lot near Union Iron Works; 100
xlI'O; fine business: site.
$3250— C0r. stare and ( room Sat; rents $37;
foreclosure.
J175« — Two nice flats; rents $18 50.
Z^Zj — C rooms and lot 45x72 ft.
A. M. SPECK & Co.. «67 Market st.
JISOO— BARGAIN: large 14-story, high stoop,
bay-window cottaze: vestibule entrance: bev-
eled plate-class double doors; handsomety
paneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding stair-
case and «%-foot newel post: parlor 14x17;
wainscoted dining-room 12xH; slttlng-roora
MaxH; wainscoted extension kitchen 10x1.1;
ceilings 12 feet high: ventilators; plaster cor-
• nlces: pantry, glass closet, etc.; 2 bedrooms
and bathroom upstairs: 7-foot high cellar un-
der all. with double-door entrance under bay
lot 23x125. with a rustic stable 10x20 at end*
magnificent view; all for JiSOO: no assets. J*
W. NEWTON, IU3 12th aye.. near X St.. Sunl
' set district, S clocks from Golden Gate Park.
MODERN flats— JCSOO; containing 5 and g rooms
each: highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences; 621 Waller «t on«
r~ysLsV a ß^id.Tr nd PterCT; c " y ' {e^^
"&"*£? XS you" w^o 1 s^KVckTy^h 0 '
call on W. J. GUNN. 630 C»IUor2l a it'l
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,, THTTRSD AT, FEBKUARY 15, 1900.
10BAD tenants ejected for J4: oollectlons made
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.
41K M^nfeomTT i»t.. rooTnn J>-lfl: t»l. ESW.
BPKCIAL .NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Wlttram Propeller Company
¦••111 hereafter be located at Z:« Market st.,
room 1». F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.
LADIES — Chlchester's Endlsh Pennyroyal Pills
are the beet; safe, reliable; take no other;
»end 4c ttainps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." In letter by return mall; at drug;-
Cists. Chlchester Cneinlca.! Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
11CK)MS -puj-wred, from J3; whitened. Jl up;
painting: done Hartman Paint Ca, 311 Third.
President Klein Is Coming.
Prcslflent "William Klein ' of .th« Brlck
layere and Masons' International Union
Is on his way htre from New York City.
He Is expected to arrive on next
Sunday. The differences existing here
tofore between the International Union
and the local Building- Trades Council
over the alleged employment of "ecab"
workmen will be submitted to President
Klein for adjustment.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Snusalttn Ferry.
Coamencinz October 1. I*l9.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALJLST
AND SAN RAFAEL.
VTEKK DATS— *7:OQ. '9:30. U:M a. m.; *l:tit
*t:4O. 6:15. «:CO. <:30 c. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill VaUey and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesday* and g&turaty*.
at 1:00 and 11:10 d. m.
EUNDAT&— ; i:CO. •li): 00. *ll::W a- cv; 1:13.
1. 15. *4:45. i:3O. «:0O p. m.
Trains marked «•) run to San Qnentlo.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO*.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. •<:& 1:45. "9:4 a a- m. ;
•U:SO. 2:15. M:4O. *S:U p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS oij Mondays. Wednesdays a.04
eaturdaya at (:40 and 10:15 p- m.
BUNDATa-«:20. *1Q:00. «U:45 a. sa.;
•1:40. *J:l5. 4:45. •*:» p. m.
Trains marked (*> start from San Ca-ntia.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN ""RANCISCOt
WEEK DAY&-5:43. 6:45. 7:55. B:tS a. a. ;
12:55. t:JS. »:4S. ':!0 O- m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aott
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 o. m.
SUNDAYS— I:O6. 10:05 a. m.: 12:05. 2:13. 1:30.
•:00. «:<S D. m;
THROUGH TRAINS.
IM a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way statlona.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport Huuse) — Sunny roomi;
tay windows: run. water; eras; |l :s to J2 M.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
W M Smith. Biggs
A H Horton. Beckwith
W H Meade & w. Or
H B Clark, Florin
B P Clark. Florin
G Ohren, Stockton
C Siegfried. San Jose
C J Coetello, Tampa
J O Snyder, Portland
V D Cralr. Cal
W A Brown. Cal
Mrs L D I>a* ls. Omaha
1 A L Kelsall. Seattle
T E Williams. Wlnnpg
S Davis. Salt Lake
J S Mclntosh & w. Mo
W E I<antry & w. Mo
Miss X Lillls. Mo
J Broderick, Mo
L. J Evans, Napa.
A C Presley. Cal
Mlpe F L Mitchell, Cal
Mrs O Messner, Cal
J T Walden. Fretno
H P Reed. Los Angr
G J Owens. Cal
G B McKee, San Jose
S H Wagener, Sn Jose
C Hocgr. San Jose
D Emery & w, Bta Crx
J F Grace. Sta Rosa
J V Shephard, N V
J W Glenn. Stockton -
G H Noyes & w, Cal
C G Berg & w, Cal
L G«rhard. Stockton*
J B Richardson. Cal
Dr W O Downing Cal
E Anderson. Cal
A J Larson. Cal
Mrs A Nickolas, Cal
Rev P E Hyland, Cal
J F Green. Seattle
ft Tennant & w. Colusa
J A Barr. Rochester
W G Hovey. S Cruz
Mrs O X Rider, Sacto
C Teaarue. Fresno
J A Taylor. Rochester
Dr J J Kempe, N V
i L Cllne. N'apa
I M A Martin. Deadwood
G G Towle &.w. Towle
G H Culver & W 111
0 B Stiles. Oal
R L Hunter & w Ca!
T M Smith. Jackson
M W Gil martin, N V
C E Felton. Portsmtb.
E Whlpple, Decoto
J R Alken. Decoto
H G Church, Chicago
W J Lorlng, An*rlß
H M Hanaford. Chlca*
Mrs C H Gordon Lodl
A C Butler, Cal
W L Leland, Slsson
M J Wright. Sacto
H J Seymour, Sacto
Mrs Pacheco. Sacto
Miss Pachoco, Sacto
B T Kirk & w S Jose
E E Lonjr. Cal
PALACE HOTEL
C M Hamilton. N V
Miss P. Buckman
M Buckman
L B Butler
Mrs L B Butler
Mrs A E Montgomery
Miss Montgomery
Mrs B T Underhill
P C Rand
Mrs P C Rand
Mrs H P Smith
Raymond Excursion
F A Vitchey, Portland
Mrs F A Vitchey, Ptld!
D L Werthelmer. Nev j
F W Bullock. Chicago!
Mrs J R Harney. Chgoi
G Van S. Harney, Chg
A Guedalla. N V
Mrs A Guedalla. N T
A S J-anin. Chco
Mrs A S Lanin. Chgo
H B McQueen, N V
A Townsend. . Denver
H Hahn. Chgo
Mrs H Hahn. Chro
G W Molson, Montreal
Mrs W. Molson. Mon
treal
L S Rosenblatt. Ptlaud
T A Corneal, Oakland
P F Kelly, Seattle
B P Barker, Livermora
R B Wallace. Montana
F Kusel. Sacto
W J Wiley, Cal
B M Btlebel, N V
Mrs H M Stlebel. N T
Ma "t*r H StlebeL N V
W E Lewis, N V
O E Dunham. N T
KB Springs. Nevada
T F Carroll, Providence
Miss Clarke. Provldeno
W v Brown. Cleveland
Mrs W W Brown. Ohio
Mrs R J Slebert. Ohio
?/ D^ F Ea »ton. Cal
Mrs D E F Easton, ual
E O Manasse. Napa
Mrs E O Mananse Nno
O W Gray. Cheo
Mrs E A Small, Chgo
J H Moore, Chgo
Mrs J H Moore. Chro
Miss Moore, Chw>
Mrs W It Wygatt Oh*
Dr F W Pieromut. Cal
Mrs T B Rlcker. Carsn
C B Rexford. Ch*o
T B Rlcker. Carson
NEW WEST
P C Mayf ord, N T
T Acever. B C
I King. San Jo*e
I A Horn, Fresno
H Carter. Valleio
3 H Davl«. Vallejo .
W L Tayt. Vallejo
H Brcwn, Vallejo
0 Jones, London
D Burrows, Boston
ERN HOTEL.
J Murtha, Chicago
r Rueger, Benlda
L M Reppy, Red Bluff
B W Rlack. Stockton
W H Patterson. Modest
D H Eastbrook, S Jose
W W Sutcllffe, La """
T A' Collins. Pa
\J W Sutcliffe, Pa
•D C Bristow, Portland
ItOOMS TO LET — lorn, and L'nfnrn.
X^BKUXSwicK*lsoi-SE, US Sixtb — Rooms
£r.c to »1 per night; Jl 25 to JS per week, and
lljrht housf keeping ; open all night
MARRIED.
HOLT-HAWPTMAN-In this city. February
11 1300. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Bert Rector Holt of San Francisco and Mrs.
Minnie Hawptman of Oakland.
HUSTED— PARKER— In this city, February 14,
1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Rob-
ert Lee Husted of San Francisco and Mabelle
Gertrude Parker of Chlco. Cal.
HORGAN— PRESCOTT— In Oakland, February
11. IiOO, by Rev. Father Serda, Harold J. Hor-
cr-n of San Francisco and Ida M. Prescott of
Oakland.
ROBINSON— ELDRED— In this city, February
10. IiOO. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Arthur Klijah Robinson of San Francisco and
Ora Caroline Eldred of Big Pine. Cal.
WINTER— CARTER— In Loe Angeles. January
13, 1900. Mortimer J. Winter and Ella Cath-
erine Carter.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eous authorised to have the game published.
BORN.
LORENZEN — In this city. February 13. 1900. to
the wife of Thomas Lorenzen, a daughter.
TIFFIN— In this city. January 11, 1900, to the
wife of William J. Tiffin, a son.
HARRISON, 731 — ( rooms fumlehed completa
for housekeeping. lan-f yard, b&th; rent $16.
HTDE. 7. near City Hall-Front suit with or
without kitchen; also single room. J6; cheap.
LEA VKN"WORTIT 2» — fnfurnißhed front
rooms for housekeeping; American family;
adults.
COAST limsiltf (Rroadttiuge).
(Thlnl and Townseml iStO
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued aa follows.
Jacob Lewis. 26. 423 Bryant street, and Hae
Michael. 21. 727 McAllister street.
George \V. Hobart. 28. city, and Lizzie E.
Friedel. 25. city. „ I*T
Arthur Bachman. 31. city, and Amy R. Ehr-
man. 21. city. .
James J. Parodl. 21. 818 Sansorae street, and
JoMe Moreel. 17. 15 Jasper place.
Charts F. Tretheway. 20. Alameda, and Ed-
na Bishop. IS, Oakland.
Zacharias ZleKler, i^, B« Second street, and
Bertha Kuhn, 43, 621 Second 6treet.
John Granella. 41. city, and Rosa Gulnasso.
Claude Ree*. 22, 14S Sixth street, and A. Laura
Tatton. 23. 14? Sixth street. "
Charlie W. Scott. 22. Danville, and Tlllle
Stark, 21. Danville.
Robert L. HuFteri. 22. 730 O'Farrell street.
and MabPlle O. Parker. 19. Chlco.
Frank S. Miller. 36, 2041 Taylor street, and
Clara M. A. Buttner. 36. 2^41 Taylor stre«t.
Thomas TV. Rollet. 40. 2027 Lombard Btreet.
and Lizzie Berlin. 30, 2027 Lombard street.
Francisco Marino, 37, city, and Madelena Bar-
betta, 27, city. ',
Salone Rawson, 45. Los An*eles. and Lizzie
* cfarenoe E. Phlnney. 42. 1323 Mission street,
and Elizabeth Mc<^urdy. :6, 1?23 Mission street.
Pl»rre Claverle, S2. city, and Marie Lapouble,
34. city.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 6 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the KUauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 827 Market et.. on and
after Thursday, February 10. 1900. Transfer
books will close on Friday, February 8, 1900,
at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. BHELDOV. Secretary.
500- ACRE ranch: value SSOGO: exchange tor cltv
lrr.prcved. Box 8577, Call ofHce.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR *25 cash, $10 monthly till paid for; IOOx
£>S feet; price, all told, 1590; land on the ele-
vation. Mope or In the level valley; excellent
ea.ndjr loam soil; plenty of good water; site
and climate the very best; build your home
or let us build for you; stop your outgo for
rent: not far from a fine S-story schoolhouse;
near a SO-foot wide boulevard and electric
raliroad: 5 new buildings gone up within 90
days; Westall Tract. adjolnlnK East Oakland;
Call or send for circular!?. 455 Seventh St.,
near Broadway. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY 7.. JONES. Owner.
MtTHinx pacific conrAXT.
(PACIFIC BTSTXX.)
Tralx* lMfe nail are dne t» rrrlvo ¦*
HAU riUNt'MCO.
(Main Line. Foot ox Market Street)
BOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM -A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOTt PARK LOTS.
Now for a Prosperous Era for San Francisco.
COO to MOO— Near Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard
a r.d Park, frctn H to X st.; }j monthly.
$500 to SROO— Choicest lots In Sunset; streets
traded aai eewered ; JlO monthly.
1300 to $800— Cheapest residence IoU la Rich-
mond; taey terms,
HOO to nW-Level lots near Mlsslon-st. elec-
tric car line; cr.ly J5 monthly. *"M*JW
Call for Maps and DiarnnK
EOL GET 7. & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDINO.
KTOHAGE AXD WAIIEIIOI'SES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movlrtr Co.
Office. 401 Post £t.. cor. Powell; tel. Main S7U.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher).
FCNEKAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMI&RS.
U FUtli st, opposite Lincoln School.
Ttlephuo* South 10.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMEHB.
NBW YORK— Arrived Feb 14— SUnr. Lahn.
from Bremeo via Bouthamoton. ¦
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Feb 14— Str Baale,
from New York for Bremen.
Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Aller. from Bremen for
K»m Ynrk.
ROOMS WAXTED.
WANTED — Two furnished rooms: ground floor*
bath. VTiS.. PCHMITT. New Western Hotel.
WANTED — 2 unfurnished rooms, by mother
ar.ii <Jaujrht<*T. Address box 3512. Cat!.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
aoibxcrlptlons has been established at 10S( Va-
lenrla «t.
A KRANCH office for the- reception of adver-
tisements and subfwrlptlons ha» been opened
at 122 i Polk ft.: open till t p. m.
VALENCIA. 722— Four furnished rooms In nice
quiet family. ¦
A EUAVCH o«oe for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been e*tabllshe<i at the
northwfft corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sta.; open until 9 p. m.
THE Oak«. 11» Thlrd-rA irood rooming hous*
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES,
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al Iron American
Steamship.
ZEALANDIA
(CAPACITY SOOO TONS)
FOR NOB DIRECT,
Bailing from Ban Francisco
Idnflay, May 21,1900.
FIRST CLASS fIIO.OO
SECOND CLASS... TO.OO
STEERAGE . 50.00
Special rates for frelgrht and Insurance.
Through passenger and freight service • to
Dawson and all points on Yukon River. -
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
BTOCKTON PLACE. 1&-Double and slngrle
rooms to rent: I." UD.
eiIERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
ROFEDALE House. JIS & ZTI Ellis at.— Rooms
night. 25c to tl; week. H tS to *4; open night.
OTARBELL, ISC2— Sunny unfurnished front
room with alcove and use of bath.
ROTAL House. 12« Ellis St.— lncandescent light,
reading; room, amoklnc; room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nlpht, 35c to tl 60; week, S2 to
tl: month, 1$ to ISO; elevator on ofnc« floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
MISSIOX, lOCS — Neat furnished room In private
family; $5.
O'FARRELL. 2ft— Snnny furnished rooms and
offloes: elevator; electric llchta: day. wk.. mo.
MADISON aye.. 21— Ona furnished room, suit-
able for ctnUem&o; rent *5.
MINNA. CC7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, Jl per week; transient
LEAVEN WORTH. 405-fiunny hall room to let;
SS per month.
I.ETWIS. IS. off Taylor — 2 or t nnfumlnhed
rooms; newly papered and painted; |3. $11.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cojtjjecti-sg Train Leaves Sax Francisco;
S P.n. Monday. Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving-; In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:3>
fynnpec p.m. with Palace and Tourist
na 11 v car * for Kansas City, St. Lotus,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local 'trains Vtween Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Hartford, Visalia, Talara ns\*r\
and Bakersfield. KUAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 673
TUISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
TKI3IU 3UUSN 1531 . Oakland. 1113 Broad-
way: Sacramento. 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
I<eave Arriv*
Ean F-ranclsco. In S9aet Ban FVaactaco.
• October 13. ¦
Week Sun* 1539. Bus- I Week
Days. days. Destination, days. I Day*.
T:3O am S:00 am Novatx 10:40 am S:4O a: 1
1:10 pm 1:20 am Petarama. I:ts pm 1I>:S am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm *:Zt ; -:.
Fulton.
I:*) am -Windsor. li.li aa
Bealdsborc
Lytton.
OeyserrlUs.
t:SO pm I'M am Cloverdala. 7:tS pm <:B pm
TJO ami jllopian<r~andi j
f 1:00 am( Uklah. f 7:2S pmf 1:23 pm
I:Joam j |10:» ana
8:00 am OuernertUe. I 7:25 pal
1:10 pra If *:23 pm
1:10 am] 1:00 am Sonoma 19:10 am i: warn
I I «°d
S:l9 sml S:00 pm| Glen Ellen, f S:OS pm 9tß pm
7:» ami 8:00 ami gebaatopoi. 110:40 am|lo:2s am
1:30 pml 6.00 ptnl [ 7:35 pm| 6:23 ptn
Etarea connect at Eanta Rosa for Mark W>»c
6prir.ru and Wh!t9 Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Spring*: at O*ys«mu» for Bkaa-«»
Eprisffs; at Clovcrdal* for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Bprtng*s. Highland Sprits xs.
KelseyriUe. Carlsbad Sprlnsrs. Soda Bay. Lak»-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ckiata (or Victtr
Eprlcxs. Saratoga Springs. Bm* Lakes, Laurel
D«!l Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Patter Valley. John Day*. Riverside. LJerley" ».
Ilucknell's. Sanhedrtn Heigh tn. HullTtUe. Orfa
Hot Sprtnsa, Mendocino CJty. Fort Bran.
WtftrxntTusaJ, Wllliu, Laytonrtlle*, Cuna-
fniDKs's. Bell's 9crtn«s. Harris. Olita's. tfytr.
fjcotla and Eureka.
¦ Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced ratea.
On Sunday round trip tickets to an potnts
beroad Ban Rafael at half ratea,
Ticket offices. «50 Market St.. Chron !<-!•* bids.
TB. C •WHITINO. R. X. RTA.V.
Oukerai M*aax«r. Gm. Pass. Aseat.
HOWARD. 629 — Clean, respectable; 25c-U per
ntrht; Jl-JS rer week: Howard cars to door.
HARRISON, 784H— Finely furn. sunny rooms;
bath; latest conven.; homelike; tl week up.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming hout*: SI SO to 56 per week.
GEART. 405 (Th* Navarre) — Elegantly furnUh-
ed rooms, «n suite or 6lngle. MRS. H. HYER.
FULTON, 216 and TA corner Van Ness aye.—
eunny elCe: 4 rooms or 2 or 1 rooms; -pas.
FOLSOM. >65. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
f unlisted rooms; suites or single; new mgmt.
CONVERSE, is. off Bryant, near Eighth— Four
rooms to let: rent SS.
CX.AT. 1243 — Three unfurnished eunny rooms to
rent.
CA?TRO. Ell- Two unfurnished rooms; mod-
ern; rent J4 SO.
CLAEEIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
DIED.
Burke. James C. Hogan. Michael
Butts. John Haley. Mary
Barry, Bridget Jones. Harry A.
Bellinger. Mrs. Mary Kerrlran. John M.
Christiansen, Anna Klstenmacher, Fred-
C. crick.
Callahan. William 11. Lacky. Isaac
Curran. Ann Mattson. Guss
Connell. Patrick Marxen. Huko A.
Claus. Frederick Peckham. Elizabeth
Davl*. Emeline C. Scott. Robert C.
Kltzpatnck, Marga- Smith. Mary-
ret A. Feltgo, Joseph A.
Grlmensteln. Annie Schnabel. Clemens
E. H. Shaw, Stephen W.
Thompson. Peter
BURKE— In this city. February IS. 1900. James
C. beloved Eon of James and the late Mary
Ann Burke, and brother of Robert. George
and lialpn Burke, a native of San Francisco,
ac^d 15 years.
CXFTiends and acquaintances arc -respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
? Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thpn^e to St. Rose's Church for services at
19:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BUTTS— In this city, February 14. 1900. John
Butts, a native of Wales, aged 5S years.
BARKY— In thlfi city. Bridget Barry, a native
of Ireland, aged 46 years.
(nXF-i-iends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S p. m.. from i Freelon street.
BELLINGER— In Elko. Nev.. February 9. 1900.
Mrs. Mary, beloved wife of William Bellinger,
beloved daughter of James and Margaret
Riordan of White River, Nev., and niece of
Mrs. Catherine Couehlin and Mrs. Hannah
McDermott. a native of White River. Nev..
aged 25 years.
f7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where a • requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CHRISTIANSEN— In this city, February 14,
1900. Anna Cathrina Christiansen, beloved
mcther of Katie Christiansen. Mrs. Charles
8. Jurgess, Mrs. Chris Nelsen and John. An-
nie. Peter. Chris and Ernest Christiansen, a
native of Germany, aged 52 years 11 months
and 11 days.
CALLAHAN— In this city, February 12. 1900,
at the residence of his parents, 102S Wash-
ington street. William Henry, beloved son of
Henry and Ellen Callahan. a native of Chi-
cago. 111., aged 29 years 2 months and 1 day.
(Chicago papers please copy.)
ICyFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), from St. Mary's Church, corner
of California and Duoont streets, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repoee of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment nrl\-ate. Holy Cross
Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
CURRAN— A month's mind requiem high mass
. will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Ann Curran to-morrow (Friday),
at 9 o'clock, at St. James Church, Twenty-
thfrd and Guerrero streets.
CONXELL— In this city. February 12, 1900. Pat-
• rick Connell, a native of BaJlymote, County
Sllgo, Ireland, aged 60 years. •
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
CLAUS— In this city. February 11. 1900, Fred-
erick Claus, a native of Cassell. Germany
aged 24 years.
DAVIS— In Oakland. February v. 1900, jr m^.
line C. relict of the late Edmund S. Davis
and mother of Fred A. Davis, a native of
Vermont, aged 77 years and 13 days-.
ETThe funeral services will be held this
day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence. 80S West street. Oakland. Interment
private. '
FITZPATRICK-Ia this city. February 18. 1900
Margaret A., beloved wife of John E Flti-
patrlck. daughter of John and Hannah Leary
and slPter of J. F., D. J.. M. E.. K. F.. c'
A. and the late John T. Leary, a native of
San Francisco.
CTTriends of the family are respectfully
CASTRO. SO3, cor. 16th — Three pleasant rooms
furelshei complete housekeeping; reasonable.
CARROLLTON. 1201 Market, cor. Golden Gats
aye. — Buncy corner: well furn.: rms. A offices.
BUFH, *<T7 — Small front room partly furnished,
M per month; newly furnished front room, 110
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. <old No. 1354)— Fur-
r.'.fhed rmi, suites, single: also unfurnished.
BOHEMIA, ZTi Post, cor. Btockton— Eunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
m-ater: elevator and all conveniences.
A— •THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush St.. ad-
Jolrinp the Russ Hotel; 8* rooms; all price*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubucriptlona has been established at lOCS Va-
lencia et.
A EP.AKCH offlee for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
Et 1273 Polk st.: cpen until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlf-etnents and
Fubtcriptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ets.: open till 8 p. m.
¦ICKBBI'RG. 31«. nr. 24th and Church. MlFßlon
st. cars transfer Z2A—Z sunny unfurnished
rooms to rent; $5 month.
k'AN NESS aye.. 43— Furnished nunny rooms for
housekeeping; al6o others; very reasonable.
BOI.'TH PARK, 1«4— 1 large housekeeping -room,
furnished ; rent $6 &0.
SUTTER, 1111. nr. L«rkln— Comfortably Turn,
tingle suites; also hkgp.; terms reasonable.
TWELFTH, 40—2 snnny front rooms, furnished
for bouseke«Ttnc: Sl9.
FACIFIC and Mason. S. E. cor. — 3 large, sunny
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. E. Duncan, a mining man of Oro
ville is a guest at the Lick.
L. M. Cutting, a business man of Stock
ton, is a guest at the Lick.
Rev. E. P. Hyland of Ballard is at the
Grand, accompanied by his wife.
W. H. Preston is registered at the Pal
ace from his home in Sioux City, lowa.
G. G. Towle, a merchant of Towles, ha 3
come down to the city and Is at the
Grand.
J. J. Smith, a wealthy land owner of
Stockton, Is registered for a few days at
the Lick.
State Comptroller E. P. Colgran has come
down from Sacramento and is registered
at the Lick.
Charles C. Derby of the New Almaden
mines has come to th© city and Is staying
at the Occidental.
Charles Teague, a fortunate speculator
in the oil lands of Fresno, Is at the Grand
for a Bhort stay.
Scott Davis, one of the best known cat
tie-men of Spokane, is among the arrivals
of yesterday at the Grand.
W. D. Haslam has. come up from his
home in Santa Cruz and is staying: at the
California.
Dr. J. J. Kemp, a leading physician of
Rochester, N. V., Is at the Grand while
on a pleasure trip to this city.
Paris Commissioner E. W. Runyon has
come down from his home In Red Bluff
and Is a guest at the Occidental for a few
days.
T. O. -Toland of Ventura and L. H.
Brown of Milton, members of the State
Board of Equalization, are among the re
cent arrivals at the Lick.
Al Townsend, a prominent politician of
Denver, who was for a long time County
Clerk Of Jefferson County, Colorado, Is
among the recent arrivals at the Palace.
Leon Cohen,' a prominent business man
of Pendleton, Or.. Is at the Occidental
with hla wife. They are on their way
home after a visit of pleasure to the City
of Mexico.
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Maygatt, Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Moore and Mrs. E. A. Small
constitute a party of wealthy Chlca-go
people who are at the Palace, where they
arrived yesterday on a visit of pleasure
to the coast.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Campion of EXenver
are at the Palace for a few days. Mr.
Campion Is one of the owners of the
famous Little Johnnie mine of Leadville,
one of the richest properties of Its kind
in the enti/e State.
.' w. C. Wood, a prominent merchant of
Santa Roaa, Is a guest at the Lick while
on a business trip to this city.
Mr. and Mrs. John H. Hall are regis
tered at the Occidental from their home
in Portland, Or. •
A for Morning. P (or A Itemoon.
* Dtllj. t Sunday exceptet!. I ouadii only.
6 Saturday it,' j.
AXltllin and Frltlajs « Thurelan and 9ond»n.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TlSuron Ferry. Foot ot Market St.
__BAN FRANCISCSO TO SAN RAF ASK
WEEK DATri- 7:W. 3:00. 1100 a, m.: 13:».
l:4o, StlO. *:SO p. m. Thursday*— Extr* trti»
at 11:10 p. ca. Saturday*— £xtra> trips at i:*-*
and U:M p. m.
SUNDAYS - I*. 1:10, 11 l a; IM. 1A
6:00. 8:20 p. m.
BAN RAF-AEI. TO SAN 7RANCISCSO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO. 7:50. »:*>. 11:10 a, m.; 13:45.
1:40. i:10 p. m. 6aturday»— Extra trips at Iw
and 1:15 p. m-
EUNDAirs— B:lO. »:40. 11JJ a. m.: 1:40k *:tt. »:!*.
«:25 -p. m.
Between San Francisco and Setaaetzen Par*
same schedule as above.
MISSION. S45 — Front room and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping.
MISSION. li4l— Three furnished housekeeping
rooms: running water; etove.
MARKET. ICSS. opposite 10th— Furnished large
sunny alcove suit, JI1; comfortable bedroom
and kitchen. J7.
JESSIE. 47*. near Sixth— 2 furalsbed rooms;
housekwriJur; parlor floor.
t«>lO* Ocean View, ttoutb Man FrancUco.. tUiSor
•t:OWA Ban Jose nml Way Stations U.'ow
r Almaden V/eilnesJanouly) *ltßOr
;«9H>«* Ban Joso. Tre* l'iiios. HuuU Cms,
. ' . i PaclUo CrovoL l'un Itoblea. Ban
f I.ulj OI»Ii*r>o. Bnvf. Lompcc aud
Principal Way btntlons •1:10/
•ItilO* S*u Josaan 1 Way Stations *0:&1 a
•lltSO* Bin Joao ami Way .SUtimia *3<30»
,«3«4»p Baa Matro. ltedwixxt. Menlo Park.
r Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jom.
, Trta I'lcos, Santa Cms. SV.iaaa,
Jlonteri-y ainl I'acitla Grorg flOsSC*
l»!»"fSis.lo3«unl Way KUMons *7:ai»e
flslSr Ban Joseauri Principal Way Station* ¦— ¦*»
f3:OOr San Jose aad Principal W>7 Stations t!>:O« »
HauJ.-geuH-l l'rincis .tl Way Sutlun* *ftS3«
¦«:3Op Baa Joso aatl Way Stations t m :»«U
Hlt-15r Sara Jcsenml Wny iStatlooa.. *7«a«p
FOLFOM. «4— Sunny front room and kitchen;
eir.k. closets, bath; no children; private; $2 50
week.
EDDY. 604— Sunny front bay-window room,
with use oi kitchen. •
FIFTH. 313— Furnished housekeeping. 2. S or 4
rocr.s, JlO to J2O; also single. U to $7.
FOLSOM. 729 — Housekeeping. $2 up. and sing:!*
rooms. SI ud; all lleht. sunny.
CALIFORNIA. 253— Bunny room; 1 or 2 gentlß-
m«i; breakfast If desired; private family;
-references exchanged.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT E2 Second — Nice new papered and reno-
vated front roomi; Jl SO to J2 50 a week.
COAST DIVISION (Narrow ftange).
(Foot cf Market Street.)
J. W. HORN, 812 Main et.. Petaluma; real es-
tate and thorouehbred Belgian hares. Send
tor frw lit of Sonoma. County ban-rains.
BARGAIN— Rich, modern, Oakland home. Mrs.
E. C. Fortler. 2429 Piedmont aye.. Oakland.
Ul-Al. fc-s.lA'lli C«l'.MK\ For Sale
INQT'IKE 142 Fulton st.; fine Cats; near City
lia'.l. within two block*.
A LIST OF SPECIAL BARGAINS— When
senoinir for my CATALOGUE always state
•bout what Is wanted, amount to Invest, etc.
I" 11 tlien also furnish a specially prepared list
o? "tSAP" bargains near what you want not
In catalogue. While I make a special feature
of NAPA and SONOMA county places. Im
pen-onftJly acquainted with over SOOO ranches
for rait? or exch&nsi? In California— more than
any other ten agents In the State. I travel
nearly ail the time. Inspecting country prop-
erty
N. D. FICKELS the LAND AGEXT.
10 Gearr ft., opposite Chronicle building. S. F.
AVEHAGE income over $1500 a year; unequaled
location and most magnificent orchard home
in the Ptate; eacrlflced at JESOO: worth 110.000;
-ree of debt., but peculiar clrcurnstancest com-
pel Mle. N. D. SICKELS-THE LAXD
A PENT. 10 Geary, opp. Chronicle bld-j.. S. F.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
—OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY. -
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.J
Single Number, Class "B," Drawn at
Puerto Cortex, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, February 10, 1900.
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
1 40 213 16 254 19
837 16 499 24 872 .40
SS3 24 914 16 969 80
1085 16 1259 24 1617 40
1757 24 1525 40 1919 80
2014 24 2016 40 2054 40
2139 16 2239 80 2242 18
2371 16 2524 24 2603 40
2631 24 2703 :. 40 2900 15
%>n 40 3012 40 306S 49
3114 1< 3255 16 8333 49
3372 24 3380 16 3399 «
3407 24 3424 24 348S 18
3514 gO 3571 .. 24 3575 16
8628 24 3815 16 8887 80
3943 40 4064 16 41« UO
4252 16 4321 16 4331 IS
4478 40 4454 16 4597 13
4768 16 4794 16 6022 1«
6084 80 5320 40 5420 40
6428 16 CS3B 16 Ss4s 24
bm SO 5991 18 6992 18
6997 24 60&2 18 6221 24
626S 40 6273 24 6207 16
6363 40 6413 16 6416 24
6447 16 6503 80 6510 16
6536 24 6576 40 6591 '24
6734 40 6733.. SO 6777 16
• 6502 16 7062 16 73*1 80
7459........ 80 7673 24 7667 1«
7674.. 80 7967 40 8019 80
8048 16 80«S 16 8244 1«
8237 16 8312 ' 40 84SO 16
8506 40 8544 80 85SS IS
ESSI 16 8718 16 8719 24
8722 16 8770 16 878S 16
8793 24 8804 16 9007 40
SOW) 24 9249 16 9304 84
9321 16 9351 40 9507 18
9637 16 9784 40 9551 16
9352 24 9927 IS 10011 18
10018 40 10077.. 40 10097 24
101S2 1610196... -4010300 24
10439..'. 40 10441 24 10461 24
10473 8010546 16 10871 16
11066 400 11068 40 11098.*. IS
11115 24 11142 6>>!11271 16
11374 24 11635 40 11567 16
12058 120 12179 16|12210 45
12225 24 12404 24 12512 24
12623 '40 12860 SO 12591 16
13031 16 13175 24 13214 40
13347 40 13385 16 13413 16
13464 16 1346S 16 13548 16
13SS8 80 14036. 24 14124 40
11143 80 14278 16 1429S 24
14300 40 14361 24 14450 24
14685 16 14686. 16 14911 16
15034 16 15126 24 15512 16
15525 16 15632 16 15704 24
16767 16 15565. .:..... 16 139SS 2t
16016 24 16058 A. 24 16CJ2 24
16116 16 16139 SO 16262 2i
16272 24 16914 4017131 16
17226 4017317 80 17355 40
17373 40 17378. .' 24 17398 SO
17476 16117534 16 17696 1»
17702 40 17513 16 17991 «
ISO7I 401E099 &OJISISO 24
15213 40 15273 24118375 16 |
18379 16118744 l«!l8S55 J4
19013 16 19050 40 19154 16
19444 16 19496 24 19512 40
198?4 16 19972 24 20045. ...'.... 80
20222 24120255 24 20248 ; 24
20324 16,20558 16 20644 24
20*29 16 21071 80 210S0.: 16
21087 SO 21110 16 21363 16
21390 4021607 16;21W6 18
21667 40 21677.: 16 21658 24
21745 16 21830 24 2192S 8000
21943 « 21946 24 21968 15
21373 120 22040 16 22178 24
22182 16 22213 16 22312 40
2J4OS 16 22441 60^22522 24
22603 16 22574 40J22959 80
23209 8023319.. 16 23336 24
23338 1623417 40 23450 16
23655 24 23540.. ...... 16123302 24
2J072 SO 24057 16|24158 24
24265 1624268 4024456 IS
24578 2424671 40,24740 1C
24756 16;24790 16 24822 16
24550 16J24572 • 16J24909 40
21991 24 23002 40)25021 16
25140 24 25207 16125277 I*>
25368 120 253.59 24;25523 16
25562 40 25894 16125919 18
25984 16 26057 24 SSO79 24 i
26224 80*26275 16 26406 16 1
26514 40126524 24i26544 16
26562 40 26557 1626560 24
26556 40126643 1626631 16
2CSSO 24126877 16 27043 1«
27254 4027236 40j2732S 40
27399 .-... 16 2750T 24!27536 80
27525 24|r7531 1»|27523 80
279«6 4025018 SO .28060 16
2SIII 16128255 2425353 24
28398 . l«!:S4i>l 24 28512 16
28796 24125533 16|28567 40
2SSBI 40 2*X>l 4O2&O06 16
23127 5029259 24 23449 16
29498 40 20560 16 25815 16
2y654 16 29709 16129743 2«
29785 lfi 29517 16J29593 24
29906 16 30019 16130233 24
30272 16 30368... 16|30436 24
30494 16|3f«74 24,30645 24
30677 120130714 16;:M72S 24
30878 40,31092 24|3114S 24
31161 12i)!31283 1«'S1»4 80
31300 16J31399 40)31442 16
51676 1000 31744 16 31561 /. 16
31572 16131574 24131953 24
32272 16J32306 15132334 H
52455 16132458 24|32313 Si)
330*3 $0)33162 16 35426 1«
33433 SO 33453 40 33650 80
337i3 40 3400") 40 34155 40
34158 80 3-1166 40 34236 15
34373 18134472 120 34530 24
34558.. 40 35010 24135124 16
5J254 1633260 40!35273 40
55255 2435256 16J35302 16
35347 16 35364 16(35427 18
3551S 24 3-1719 16J35501 4>
35553 16 35022 1f,36153 16
36220 SO 36258 24136304 21
36307 4036341 16^36398 40
36430 16 36568 24136570.. 40
36647 16 36735 40!36508 1«
36510 1636855 24 36891 24
37010 1637013 16*37101 16
37306 16 37421.". 16!37447 1«
37510 24 375*6 16137632.. 16
37731 24 37527...;.... 1637938 IS
37959 16 37987 24J35053 18
35147 16135158 16 3K312 1«
38384 16 38497 24135546 24
35614 16 35705 16;3577S 24
35525 40 3S9IR 18 35935 U
35963 2439172 16 35223 18
3026S 8039361 24|33457 40
39502 16-39578 16 33616 40
39691 1639707 24|39756 ltf
39843 40 39905 1fij39933 24
30939 24 40212 24 40219 40
40242 16 40263 24 402H1 16.
40325 120 40440 24 4'«24 24
40792 40 40796 16 40850 IS
40925 24 40933 24 40954 IS
40981 120 41023 40 41070 16
41091 120 41176 400 41263 16
41271 16 41563 16 41465 16
41650 16 41939 16 42043 16
42229 40 42356 24 42460 84
42505 24 42551 24 42641 24
42654 16 42672 16 42738 24
42915 :. 80 42968 16 4315S 80
43165 16 43223 40 43308 18
43396 16 43574 24 43C43 24
43649 24 43671 24 43998 16
44083 IS 44102 80 44114 10
44433 24 44607 40 44694 24
44880 24 44889 16 44979 40
44988 24 44989 16 45055 16
450T) 24 4«89 16 45341 !4
45405 16 45410 24 45412 24
45585 16 45625 80 46669 16
45635 16 45765.. 24 45954 18
46095 24 46240 16 46245 40
46230... 804K32S 16 46467 24
46608; 16 46736 40 46822 40
46911 80 46948 16 47121 40
47214 80 47424 16 47499 l«
47594 16 47615.. 16 47629 14
47655 16 47679 16 47686 40
47687 16 47795 40 47836 80
47885 24.48170 16 4?:24 IS
45232 16 45254 80 45496 J4
48561 40 45608 40 48645 16
4S7H 16 48517 16 48940 18
48886 16 49064 24 49204 40
49220 40 49222 24 49420..'. 16
49578 80 49586 16 49599.. 40
49601 400 49671 80 49729 .... 16
49750 .16 49898 50|50006 24
60038 24 500G9 40J50123 16
60163 4050353 120 50394 16
50496 ' 16 50685. 24 50688 18
60731 24 51056 40 51093 16
51145 16 51155 16 51357 16
51428 U 51434 40 51449 14
51477 1551480 24 51531 40
81546 4051978 40 51979 J4
62011 1652063 16 52161 80
62191 40 52371 120 52408 1«
62512...;.... 24 52571 24 52669 40
5277g 24 52842 18 62915.. 16
63178 24 53252 16 63331 U
63608 80 536U 24 53720......;. 16
63799 24 53970 SO M 195... _... 18
64203,. 1« 54513 18 64733 18
5475J 24 54784.. 400 54846.* 40
54576.. ...... 16 56196 24 55204 19
66390 24 55489 80 55511 80
JM94 16 55687 16 55538.. 40
65904 400066191 16 66216 16
6«327 18156343 1< 56356 24
66.T87 16'5681S U l«S30 40
56635........ 4056713 16 57079 24
57113 16 57125 80 57259 16
673J7 80 57367 24 57425 40
67538..-. 40 57683 40 57699. 24
57732 16 57744 24 57901 v
57923 „ 16 57940... -80 57962........ 24
57999 16 SSOSS 80 SSIOB 40
68129 16 5814* 40 BSI7S 1«
68166........ J00055745 16 58828 40
58537 W 59009 80 59961.. 18
699R8 16 60153 Zi 60268 40
60325... 24 60356 16 60441 18
60487 40*60627 80 60*39 24
60541 40J60577 16 6087S 120
60903 80O0r>|61C31 16 81124 80
61149 16 61202 16 81254 40
61407 80 61440 16 61651 40
61666 40 61549........ 40|(185i 18
No. Priae.lXo. Prize. |No. Frt»#.
KIOS • 401«225« J4 62517 IS
62634 8062650.. 18 63733 24
6M31 24*2904 24 «291S 18
63304 24 53499 16 «3501 1«
63537 ICCKS6 2*'63T45 24
63746 2463971 16|8!987 J4
64168 4054251 24 «434» 16
64472 1664304 40 84517 40
64648 40:64866 4364715..-. 4)
64751 4064961 24-64977... 4>
BSIBO 4065235 24|6525S M
65271 24 65716 24 65783 IN
66091 24!66:62..; 1« 66265.. i 24
66326 80166349 16 66337 18
65442 120 S64M 16,66563 IS
6«760 Z4M983 1«!«7009 16
67112 16,67139 16J6759S 16
6761S l« 67650 U 67718.. ...... . ID
67725 12067875 80 67893 24
67936 40;«8O43 80,68471 U
65455 8058353 40,68617 16
65669 8065653 14 68739 18
63790 1H68544 2165905 4)
68923 40J69099 1659U5 U
69277 24 69566 1669323 24
69927 16 70066 1617n<i59 24
7007» 34 700 M 24|70103 16
TOll4 40 701H 8070293 80
70566 16J70585 24 70718 M
70504 167051J 16j7MS3 40
7W50 J471032 24171136 18
71208 40 71459 16171644 120
71752...;.... 24J71921 16 720 M 1«
72240 24172458 24 72585 IS
72620 18J7J712 1J172915 40
72937 16 72990 16173087 24
73118 19 73263 1673374 19
73413 4073533 2 1 73592 16
78627 24 73649 24 73773 24
73SU 16 73955 16 73963 16
7*H3 1674148 16 74176 12i>
74288 24|74M5 24 T4324 S»
74327 16 74397 24 744J4 24
74559 16 74571 16 74606 40
74607 24 74542 40)74969 21
75123 15 75208 14 73272 40
75208 4*75565 24)75590 21
75684 1675849 16]75990 24
76057 1576081 16 761SS 14
75250 21(762«8 2J 7637J H
76388 1«7635« 16 76359 15
76463 8078531 24176598 ii
76646 16176953 .. 401-5939 4O
T7005 1617701S 80'7701S 16
T72IS 40 77399 24177404 18
77519 16177613 16(77661 16
77««9 4J»|77670 161777U 16
777J5 8077787 24177932 X 4
78120 16 75156 18!78254 SO
78J41 14 78372 18178496 40
TS6O! 24 7864S 24i78579 U
7S9JI 1678989 1«!790C<5 40
79048 4079053 24 79087 24
79149 2479164 2417922S 18
79360 161795«9 40i73«24 18
7564S « 79787 24!79598... M
75904 8079968 24J79397 !<>
50271 2480319 24;50331 4i>
80604 24t)W605 16150700 II
SO76S 1«[«077S 16 "W897 14
$0923 2480952 16'8Q971 2»
BP9S3 24 I SIH2 80 MI4S 18
81245 16181272 40]81350 18
81452 40J51491 16181499 120
81S06 801*1508 80^1527 40
81342 120J51544 18 81610 ' 40
81671 16,81747 24 82011 16
82172 1«|52263 40 »2257 IS
82354 400 82SS3 16!5260S 16
BZSS4 24 82941 1000IS3W1 SO
83087 8083177 24 83181 16
83351 24 83646 24'»367« 24
53564 16 83334 24{R4102 24
54151 12084172 16J54268 24
54420 16JS4S9S 16:%J674 24
84733 16184755 40 84859 1«
843.M 16JS54U 16 85113 24
85136 24 55147 16155!0S *>
85520 4086041 16 86201 24
86W7 2486235 1« 56256 19
56313 16 86407 1« ; <t«454 IS
86487 4-5 86498 1«'*6517 IS
85553.: 40S««01 1686614 24
$6678 16,'5e705 12»'56752 4-)
S6BS4 8i>8«958 16)86951 I<s
87133 16|«7153 18>57361 24
87444 16j874»3 18 8731S 40
87772 16 87597 24i8SU6 15
88201 16 88497 40;?8453 4-1
8851S* 16;555«5 16583 M 1«
58643 50.i0i>»9 16,85763 16
88769 16 88878 24 88913 4>
89»B5. IS|*VMS 24'330M 24
S9ISO 16189574 16 BWW3 lfi
89728 24 83805 1683818 IS
90J37 *>!»00oS 24*90129 16
90205 40190231 1?|9C317 24
905SJ 1«9*»5.. ...... 16:9<*500 J»
91113 24J91T08 401913C2 24
91355 16:91363 24 J1430 B'>
81523 M|»lJs2 501911528 80
91861 1«i»202S 40:92155 4)
92312 1*19235S 1692431 16
92503 16f>ir>94 4-V92357 2t
93023 24193050 1693036 IS
93109....'.... 161&3470 4*3 f#3S3*> I<s
93670 16JSS64S 16 93767 18
fr3796 401935H3 24'939«3 IS
941J3 16M423 40 '94514 21
| 94543 18!94«!>8 1694531 16
94562 1ff»5119 24'!>3141 80
55356 l«!»s4es '24!-»077 2*
95635 2495778 18I9&S81 v
95971 lfiWsg 24 96223 40
•56590 161J6613 120 ! 96643 24
96712 50,M824 80 9*922 4')
*650« 24 97020 1697170 16
87369 24197333 16 97433 40
?7«M 1619T659 16197555 24
1 57715 16 97747 1697811 SO
97834 2497558 4097914 19
97396 40|950<57 24:98076 24
9?938 15W142 M 98116 24
98178 16(58192 40 «5445 4>
9544* 120W498 24;95«>2 24
J5776 24.95500 16 9««04 40
99194 2499591 16 95613 40
99661 24|99«93 40i99698 80
998C7 24'99?30 40 93591 IS
99*» 16;9&951 ISj
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
I<V> numbers from 60.852 to 60.952. Inclusive.
being; 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing; th* capital prize of $."/>, Goo—jo.
100 numbers from 21.873 to 21.973. .Inclusive.
twine -50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing: the capital prise of SSdOO— SS4.
109 numbers from 55,854 to 55,954. lnelusire,
beln* 60 numbers on each stde of the number
drawing the capital prize of 840QO— $16.
' TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers endlns with 02, being the two laat
flr/urea of the number drawing the capital prize
of »30.nn0-jii.
999 numbers ending; 'With 23. beln^ the two last
figures of the number drawing the second capi-
tal Drixe of $SOOO-*B. *„
The subscriber, having; supervised the slnxle !
number draw inc. class B. Honduras National ;
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day '
drawn from the, 100,000 placed In the wheel. :
with the prises corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortex, Honduras, i
C. A., this February 10. 1900.
W. S. CABELL, Commissioner, i
$15,000 ' FOR |I— ONE-HALF OP" CAPITAL
PRIZE.
State of Louisiana. Parish of Orleans— as.
Before me. Chart** G. Rebentisch. a notary
public in and for the parish of Orleans. State
of Louisiana, personally appeared Miss Emily
Troy, resldlns at NO. 1220 Philip street. New
Orleans, who belnc; by me, notary, duly sworn,
doth det>oee and say that she Is the bona flde
holder and owner of one-half ticket number
54.424. class A, of the Honduras National Lot-
tery Comcany (Louisiana State Lottery Com-
pany), drawn on January 13. V**>. at Puerto
Cortex, Honduras, C. A., which drew the first
caplltal prize of $30,000. and that said ticket
was paid on presentation.
(Slcned) MISS EMILY TROT.
Sworn to and sabsciibed before me this. Jan-
uary 13, A, D. 1900. C. O. REBENTISCH,
¦ . ¦" Notary Public.
$7600 FOR BO CENTS — ONE-FOURTH OP
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Indiana, County of Marion— ss.
Before me. John S. Tarkington. a notary
public in and for said county, personally came
Harry L. Adklns. who being by me duly sworn,
on his oath s&ya that he resides at Monon. In
the State of Indiana, and that he purchased of
tha atrent of the Honduras National Lottery
Company one-quarter ticket j In said lottery
company No. 81, 424, of dato January 13. 1900.
class A. which number drew the first capital
prize of tSO.OOO. and that he Is the bona Od«
holder and owner of said quarter ticket.
(Signed) H. U ADKINS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th
day of January. A. D. 1900.
JOHN 8. TARKINOTON, Notary Public
$4000 FOR U-ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAPI-
TAL PRIZE.
State of Ohio. Montcomery County— ss.
August J. Wollenhaupt. belnc first duly
sworn, says: That he is a resident of the city
of Dayton. Ohio, and has so resided !n said
city for the past thirty years; that he is the
owner and bona fide holder of a half ticket
number 56.&7 In the- drawing of January 13,
1900. of tha Honduras National Lottery - Com-
pany (Louisiana State Lottery). Honduras. C.
A., which number won the second capital piiz«
of tSOOO. and said half ticket has been placed
in the hands ot his /duly authorized arent for
collection.
(Signed) AUO. J. WOLLENHAUPT.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 2Sth
day of January. 1900. OEO. W. OZIA3.
Notary Public
$1000 FOR 23 CENTS-ONE-EIGHTH OF SEC-
OND CAPITAL PRIZEv
City and County of New Tork— «a.
Richard F. Scully,- being duly sirorn. doth
depose and say: That h« resides at No. 9 Wwt j
street In th* city of New Tork. In the borough
of Manhattan; that he I* the lawful owner and
holder of the certain lottery ticket known and
described as Honduras National Lottery Com-
pany (Louisiana State Lottery. ConiDany) and
numbered 84.557. which won th» second capital
priie of ISOOO an* being one-eighth of the whole
ticket of the aforesaid number; that he pur- I
chased the urn« from a proper agent of trie i
aforesaid company and that said . ticket was j
paid on presentation.
RICHARD F. SCTJLLT.
I Sworn to beforti me this 2<Xh day of January. I
1900. JACOB W. BLOCK.
-.•-¦¦• Notary Public. New York County. I
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY |
Leave San Francisco Tla Sausallto 'Ferry. ¦ '¦
Week flays— 9:10 a. m. and 1:45 p. m. !
Sunday* ..8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car oa all trtans.
* Fare— San Francisco to Summit aad Return.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; r»-
ralrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth «t.
SCYVIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency,l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
LOTTERY DBAWINO.
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 936 Oak street, corner of Scott, thence
to St. Icnatlus Church, where a solemn re-
quiem hleh mass will b« celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
-Holy Crocs Cemetery-
GRIMENSTEIN— In this city, February 14. 1900,
Annie E. H., beloved daughter of Henry and
Gertie Grlmensteln. and beloved slater of
Mamie. Ella, Johnnie. Frank and Elmer
Grlmenstein. a native of Redwood City, aged
22 years 2 months and S days.
HOQAN— In this city, February 13. 1900. Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Joanna Hogan. father
of Herbert. Alfred, Emmett, Irene, Virginia
and Ignatius Hogan, and brother of David,
Thomas and John Hogan. a native of County
Limerick. Ireland, aeed 47 years and «
months.
ICTTrienda and acquaintance* ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Flllmore and Chestnut streets, thence
to St. BrlKld's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mags will be Celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commenclne at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery-
HALEY— In this city, February IS, 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of William Haley, and mother
of Christopher J.. Mary A. and Willie A. Ha-
ley and Mrs. Charles Kaufman and the late
J. D. Owens, a native, of County Kerry, Ire-
land, aeed 62 years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, EI9A Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing; at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
JONES— In the City and County Hospital. Feb-
ruary 14. 1900. Harry A. Jones, a natlva of
Illinois, asred 34 years.
KERRIGAN-In the City and County Hospital.
February 14. 1900, John M. Kerrigan, a na-
tive of Missouri, aeed 50 years.
KISTENMACHER— In this city. February 14.
1900, Frederick, dearly beloved and only child
of Henry and Helene Klstenmacher, a native
of Ban Francisco, aired 2 years 2 months and
9 days.
ICTThe funeTal will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at J o'clock, from the residence of
his narenta. 303411 Sixteenth Btreet. between
Mission and Valencla.
LASKY— In thU city, February IJ, 1900, Ike
Lasky. beloved husband of Sarah Lacky,
father of Jesse and Blanche Lasky, son of
Mrs. Minnie Lasky, and brother of Mark
Lasky.. Mrs. Laura Schwartie of Los Ange-
les. Mrs. H. Armer and Mrs. Emll Alkus, a
native of California, atced 43 years. (San Jose
and Sacramento papers please copy.)
A. O. U. W.— Hall of Unity Lodge No. 27, A.
O. U. W.. 32 O'Farrell street— The funeral
escort Is hereby notified to assemble at the
hall this day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. Isaac
LeFky. Fines wil be strictly enforced. By
order of M. LEVY. Master Workman.
H. ORIMSHAW. Recorder.
MATTSON— In this city. February n. 1900,
Guss, beloved husband of Catherine Mattson,
and father of Alice and George Mattson, a
native of Sweden, aged 43 years.
(£""*rr"rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at t o'clock, from the parlon of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street, under the
auspices of Modoc Tribe No. 67. I. O. R. M.
Interment Laurel HIU Cemetery.
MARXEN-In this city. February 14. 1900. Hugo
A., dearly beloved and only son of Julius and
the late Louise Marxen (nee Rohde). a native
of Pan Francisco, aged 15 years 6 months and
27 days.
C3>"Friend«* and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his father", 306 Francisco street, near Stock-
ton. Interment I. 0. 0. F. Cemetery.
PECKHAM— In San Jose, February IS. WOO.
Elizabeth Edna, beloved daughter of W. H.
Peckham, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years 3 months and 5 days,
CTFripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Third and
Townsend streets depot.' Interment Mount
Calvnry Cemetery.
SCOTT— In this city, February 12. 1900, Robert
Charles, beloved brother of Dr. / Arthur Wal-
ter and Josephine Scott, a native of Ban
Francisco. .
BZ?" Funeral private.
SMITH— In this city. February IS. 1900. Mary
Smith, beloved mothor of Peter McQuillan, a
native of Montreal, Canada, aged 73 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her eon at Pinole, Contra Costa County,
thence to St. Paul's Church, San Pablo, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the retxjse of. her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment at San Pablo.
SELIGO— In this city, February 14, 1900. Joseph
Anton, dearly beloved son of Joseph and Anna
Sellpo, and beloved brother of Ambrose. Alex-
ander and the late William Edward Sellgo,
a native of San FrancUco, aeed 2 years 1
month and W daya.
SCHNABEL— In this city, February 13, 1900.
Clemens, dearly beloved husband of Caroline
Schnabel, and father of Carl A., Anna L.,
Clementina. Martha and Selma Schnabel. a
native of Wiesbaden. Germany, aged 64 years.
CyF'rlen'lß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from hla late resi-
dence. 805 Ellis street, near Polk, under the
auspice* of the Gesellschaft Teutonla. Please
omit flowers.
SHAW— In this city February 14. 1900, Stephen
W. Shaw (artist), beloved husband of Lucre-
tla S. Shaw, a native of Vermont, aeed 82
years and 2 months.
ICT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
THOMPSON— At Btrryman Btatlon. Berkeley.
February 14. 1900, Peter, belovwl husband of
Jennie Thomrson, son of Mary and the late
\V. S. Thompson, son-in-law of William Nor-
rls, and brother of Mrs. R. Chandler, Mrs.
S. Sprlng-er and the late Joseph. Domlnlck
and W. S. .Thompson and Mrs. J. Younklns
«.nd Mrs. John Wyatt. a native of San Fran-
clseo, aged 30 years and 6 days.
tuTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at — a. m.. from his late residence,
corner of Rose snd Shattuck avenues, Berry-
man station. Berkeley.
LOTTEBY DRAWING.
SHOULD DEVELOP
OUR TRADE WITH
THE FAR EAST
Use of the Commer
cial Museum. •
BERKELEY. Feb. 14.— Professor C. C.
Plehn of the University of California, who
Is one of the organizers of the Pacific
Commercial Museum, has received a letter
from E. \V. S. Tingle, assistant to Dr.
William P. Wilson, director of tha Phila
delphia Commercial Museum, with a very
Important bearing upon the. California at
tempt. The letter In part Is aa follows:
The value of active co-operation 'between, the
two Institutions Is certain, considering the fact
that we have expended over a million dollars
In reaching the point which we have attained
and viewing- the further fact that by means of
our correspondents and through our own offi
cials, . sent out to various parts of the world,
we have built up a chain of communication
whose links cover practically every country,
the value to yon of free access to this fount
of Information need not be dwelt upon.
On the other hand our experience teachea us
that there It work enough to be done In the
Orient alone to engage to Its fullest the
activities of any Institution working along:
similar lines. Considering the geographical
position of San Francisco, the comparatively
easy communication between It and the Orient,
and the natural commercial opportunities
which could be expected to arise. If not aiready
existing between the Pacific Coast and the
Orient, It would seem that the establishment
of a commercial museum In Ban Francisco
whlth should have for Its sole task the de
velopment of our trade with the Orient would
be particularly fitting and valuable.
Our merchants, who now enjoy 7 per cent
of the rapidly increasing and enormously val
uable Chinese trade, are greatly •In need of
accurate and frequent Information regarding
the opportunities and changing commercial
condition* of China and the Orient generally.
A commercial museum In San Francisco in
providing this Information could perform a
work the value of which could not be reckoned
In dollars and cents, and in comparison with
which any sums contributed for Its support by
citizens of city or State would be Insignificant
no matter how great. ».-•
The work of a commercial museum, speak
ing from our experience, falls naturally Into
these subdivisions:
First — The collection of all possible commer
cial literature regarding new markets, together
wMh the arrangement of a system of cor
respondents who will furnish not only the
literature but other fresh and up-to-date com
mercial Information.
Second— The furnishing of commercial Infor
mation both at request and without request to
merchants interested as to new markets and
the best methods of Invading them, together
with reports upon immediate opportunities for
the sale of goods, 'such as In bidding upon
contracts, government work. etc. In connec
tion with these reports it should also be ar
ranged to furnish the names of reliable mer
chants suitable as agents for American manu
factures, together with their responsibility and
credit standing generally.
Th lf*!"""* 'ThcrG ? tiou !<l be ft d^pftrtmdit devoted
to the collection and exhibition of goods Bold"
by competitive nations In the markets which
are to be Invaded.
All the other numerous subdepartments grow
naturally out of these three general divisions.
REAL. ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
IHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1900.
KftTT.nO AD TRAVET*
UATi — Fbox Dxcxubzk 13. 1339. — *KT.rr3
STAULttS TO LET.
STABLE of 9 stalls and yard. ?I Chesley St..
between Seventh iind Eighth, oft Bryant.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements end Fubscrlotlong received.
OAKLAM) FUUMSHGD ROOMS.
OAKLAND Branch OMce of The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and pxibscrlptlons received.
OAKLAND FLUXITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Bchellhaaa. tb»
fur»ltur« dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tlecmetits and lubscriptlons received.
•TiOOa BenlcU. Sclann. Elmlra. Vacarnia,
Bauaeranil Sacnme nto *7:-<3r
•TiOOa Shasta Erraress— Vxito, WBon
EeA BluflT Portland *7:43*f
*7>3Sa Martinez. San Kaiuon. \" illejo. Napa,
Caliatcca ami Santa Rosa 'tttar
*tiB«* Th« OrerlandLiTDlted— Ocden. Den*
ter, Omaha, Chicaga f sil3j
**iS*aBbi> Joj«, LlTermora, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. Flaeerriileh
Bf »rj«»nie. Cilco. HedlJlult -Mil.lf
•»i3O» •Milton. Oakdaio and Sonera Mtl.ir
•»:O»a Hanr»r(ls. Niles an.l Way Stations. *l 1:13*
•»'««¦» Dat la. Woodland. KnlfbU Landing.
MoxysTilto, OroTille, «Ts-13»
•BiOOt AtUatlo Kipresa— Ogdea and Eart *U: 13.v
*«>UOa Martinez, Tracy. LatLrop. S:ixktoa,
Merc»d and Fresno. *12>IS*r
•BiO«* PortCostk. Kteuoo. MoJaTS aud I.cw
Aokclri *<1«43p
•I •IOOt Vallrjo. Martlaea and Way Station* *O: l.tp
"1 1 iOO a llsTwarda, Nile s anl Way SUtioca. •its 13 r
•I*!OI»k 2«ues, Llmmor?, Stockton. Sacra-
aento. MenUota, Uanford, ViaalJa,
Pcrterrille MilStf
4ls««p Bacramento ItITW Steamers fftsOOr
•Ii«Op Hajwarda. Rlla and Way Buttons. *3t43s>
«*io»r Martiuoz, Hau lluiuon. Vallejo,
Nap*, t'alhtoga. >Saiita Hoaa •» 1 1 ."» •
*4i*op Benlcla. Vacatllle. Kacramsnto,
Woo>llan<l. Kntehts Landi-.if.
Marrarllte. Oro* !!> a l»i-llf *
•4i»O> NUes, Baa J«3oandStf>ckton 'Tsiaj
•»»••¦ Th« Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
BakenfleKi. ija-jsns fcr tia&ta V±t-
bank. 1m» Ad«cl«9 *lat43a,
«3:OOr Encset JLfccjted— El ra*.\ 2«ew Or-
leans ami East fIAhtSA
•SiSOp Btocktoo, Mcrccil, Fresno •13:13>
•3i3Or Fceiiio, UakersUel'l. HauU V. irl.ar*,
Ijcm Angclc«. Doming: £1 Piao,
New *>rle»cs and East *Si 43«
•3i3or Binti In lloute— AtlauUa Expreaa
for Mqlafß ami Tnsi ••!•«•
•¦••Or Ilaywartls. liilea anil a^u J0a0...... *T.»»»
t«:3Vr Vallejo •li.lir
•Oia«r Oriental Mall— Ojdea and East * Sc.-iOp
:?:00r Vallejo, I*cit CosU and Way «U-
tlona {• S3r
•»¦•»» Oregon and California Expr«m,Hao>
TKinciit:). .'.laryaviile, Re<Mlng.
Portlnixf, Pnint Koiiikl anil Taut •^•I.^ §
DIVIDEXD NOTICKS.
DIVIDEND notice—Dividend No. "« (twenty-
flve cents per share) of the Hutchlnnon Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
orflce of the company. No. 127 Market et.. on
and after Tuesday. Feb. :o. WOO. Transfer
books will close on Wednesday. Feb. 14, 1900.
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
.•HiiaAMawaik.CenterTUle..SAaJo3e,Felton,
Boulder Creek.SauU Cruz and Way
Statloca *3<3Ot
t«il Sr Newark, Centerrlllo. Ban .loae, New
AlmaUeD, FeltoD, ISoulder Creek;
JBaota Cnu aod l'tiaclpil V>*j
Stations fl«i.-M»
•<il«-p Ntwsrk. M»n Joti. Los Gito* •uriUj.
IllitSr Hnntcrs' Ezcozslon. San Jose aod,
• Way Stations J7itO»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlß fIIHCISCO— Fo»t «f Hirkut Street (S.i» S) —
•7:15 0:00 ll:C0.».a. Jl..*: *2:SO 13.:j
•4:03 tS:C3 # B:C3p.M.
frimOllLlXS— raotafßr3»l»«».— -fl;00 B-.CO 10:00 ».M.
»12:C3 *l:Ca 12::: *3:C3 tt:C3 *3:C2r.M.
11
li¦¦¦¦¦¦ INSTITUTE. IX7O afartS
Come, See.
Extra Premiums
Witb Tea
Wltls CoflTee
With Spice*
With Baking: Powder
Come Just to See.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
Stores Eferjrwliere.
100 Stores.
The reason for out* success-
ful specials is out* happy
faculty of knowing exactly
what people want and our
ability to ec'.l at satisfactory
prices.
HAMS, per Ib • • I3ic
Choice** Eastern.
Regularly 15c.
WHITE WINE, gallon 40c
A delicious old table wine.
Regularly 75c.
FIBRE PAILS, each.. 35c
Light aad durable.
Regularly COc.
BRANDY, bot, 75c- -3 bots $2.00
A very choice old California brandy; gal-
lon, 13. CO.
Recommended for family and medicinal u«e.
Regularly SI. 00 and {4.00.
TAR SOAP, cake... 5o
For healing chapped and
gore hands and for softening
the skin It U unequaled.
Regularly 3 for 2oc.
PRUNES, Ib 5c
Large and delicious;
French style.
Regularly 3 Tbs, 25c
CREAMERY BUTTER, square.. 4sc
RANCH EGGS, tan 20c
COUNTRY ORDERS
CATALOGUE FREE.
TO GUARD AGAINST DISASTER.
Fire Commissioners Want T-wo Fire-
men Placed in Each Place of
Amusement.
The Fire Commissioners at their last
meeting adopted a suggestion that for the
betler protection of life and property two
trained firemen in uniform should be
placed In each place of amusement In the
city during each performance. They
would give a. new sense of security to the
audience, and in the event of an Incipient
fire occurring a panic would be prevented
and the tire speedily extinguished.
Owing to the lack of funds it would be
necessary for the lessees of the places of
amusement to pay $2 per evening for the
presence of the firemen, as substitutes
would have to b$ engaged to take the
places of the men iso assigned.
Yesterday Secretary Gorman sent a.
copy of the suggestion to the manager of
each place of amusement in the city, with
a request for a reply as soon as possible.
the bold, dashing, defiant, brazen
woman who luxuriated in the nau
sqous notoriety of a criminal trial a
little more than a year ago.
Only once or twice during the hour
she spent on the witness stand yes
terday did Mrs. Botkin give any evi
dence that the old fire still smouldered
In her breast, but those few lapsrs
¦were sufficient to show that the claws
of the tigress "were sheathed and not
drawn. These momentary flashes of
the old feline spirit were directly due
to the attempt of Attorney Redny,
who represented Mrs. Price, to bring
up the Botkin trial, and the attor
ney can hardly be said to have had the
better of the contest.
Mrs. Botkin was evidently laboring
under a great strain, but she made a
palpable and partially successful ef
fort to control her emotions, although
once or twice she quietly pressed a
handkerchief to her eyes to catch the
tears that gathered in spite of her.
Her voice was very low but clear and
distinct, and she still affected the
English accent which formerly was
the subject of more or less comment
and ridicule.' Her eyes were almost
continually on the floor and nearly
closed. Only when the old spirit
flared up for a fleeting moment did
she raise her head and open her eyes,
only to relapse a second later into the
attitude of mournful resignation,
which she seemed to have adopted for
the occasion. She testified that Mrs.
Price had confided to her the cause of
her sickness, and tho inference was
that W. W. Barnes, named as core
spondent in Mr. Price's cross bill, was
responsible for her condition. Attor
ney Reddy asked Mrs. Botkin if she
had repeated this information, given
her In confidence, before coming into
court.
"I never told any one. I'm telling
you now," murmured the witness.
Attorney Reddy persisted In his
question and Mrs.- Botkin said the In
formation was not confidential, as the
whole household knew it, and that she
sympathized with Mrs. Price In her
trouble. Judge Reddy wanted to know
if she was sorry for Mrs. Price when
she told Judge Allen, Mr. Price's at
torney.
"I regret any woman's misfortune,"
was the quiet answer.
"Did Mrs. Price testify in the caso
of the People vs. Botkin?" asked At
torney Reddy. **;: ;
"The records will show who were
the -witnesses in my case."
The question was repeated with a
semi-apology, but the only answer
was:
"I refer you to Knight & Heggerty."
"Do you mean to say you do not
remember whether Mrs. Price waa a
witness in that caso?" demanded At
torney Reddy. becoming Impatient.
Mrs. Botkin straightened up in her
seat anrl looked at her questioner with
wide-open eyes, and her white teeth
gleamed like those of an angry feline
as she answered in a low but distinct
voice:
"There was such an array of wit
nesses In petticoats that I could not
say."
"She would not remember anything
connected with her own trial, notwith
standing all the efforts of court and
counsel, and finally brought the matter
to a close with another feline smile as
she said:
"I did not come here for the purpose
of going over my disagreeable trial,
and I cannot say anything about the
witnesses In my case unless my coun
sel aro sent for."
Attorney Reddy made a final effort.
He said if the subject was disagree
able to witness he would simply ask
her to answer a few direct questions
and avoid any talk about her case. At
this point Mrs. Botkin interrupted him,
saying:
"There will be no talk anyway, for
I refuse to talk about it."
That settled it, and Mrs. Botkin was
soon after excused. She left the court
room silently, with bowed head and
downcast eyes, as she had entered it.
The trial of the divorce case went over
until to-day.
a commission was appointed to enter into
negotiations with a view to purchasing
the works. The SpMng Valley Company
at that time asked $16,000,000 and the city
offered $11,000,000. Finally, after a number
of conferences, the Spring Valley came
down to $13,000,000. Since that time I have
.asked our secretary to make out a state
ment of the amount of money expended
from the year 1577, the time the offer was
made, till the year 18M, both inclusive,
and his report shows expenditures in that
time of $15,839,220 16."
These expenditures. It was explained,
were for construction and for the pur
chase of reservoir sites, riparian rights,
etc. •
"If the city," continued Mr. Schussler,
"concluded to allow the company $11,000,000
In 1877, and $16,000,000 has been expended
since that time In construction and the
acquisition of lands and rights— and I
know the workß are worth a great deal
more than they cost— l would say they are
worth $30,000,000 as they stand to-day."
At the request of the Mayor the wit
ness presented the following figures to
represent what had been spent in con
struction from 1890 to 1899:
1830 $589,403 66
1831 : 683.196 70
ig92 235,337 19
1593 284,102 93
1894 367,781 81
1895 455.910 2S
1896 472,378 20
1897 727,957 26
189S • 1,133,279 22
1899 708,43*44
Total .$5,687,777 69
Before he concluded his testimony Mr.
Schussler was taken over the entire sys
tem and described the great Calaveras
watershed and called attention to the
fact that Colonel Mendell, the present
head of the Board of Public Works, had
once made an estimate of a system. Col
onel Mendell was called to the stand and
was asked by the Mayor If he had made a
report on the value of the Spring Valley
AVater -Company in 1877. He said that he
did not think that he had valued It except
by comparison— the valuation was made
by him without , close' examination. He
said there seemed to be a great many peo
ple who seemed to be desirous" that- the
city should purchase it for $12,000,000 and
get a vexed question ' out . of. tho way.
Mayor Phelan asked the witness what
would be his estimate in round numbers
of the cost of bringing water, from tho
Sierras, but Colonel Mendell said he
could not answer the question on the spot,
as he had not given it much attention for
thirty-three years.
The question of storing: that water, if
brought here, was gone Into at length,
and Colonel Mendell gave It as his opin
ion that reservoir sites In this city would
be absolutely essential and were abso
lutely indispensable. In answer to other
questions he said that he had made an
examination of the Los Angeles water
system and estimated its value, but he
was unable to say Just how long it would
take or . what method would be best to
pursue to arrive at the valuation of the
Spring Valley Company's works. With
reference to the Lake Merced site. Col
onel Mendell said he thought the unoccu
pied land around the lake was necessary
for the use of the company and the wa
ter supply. He did not think the Spring
Valley could get along very well without
It, even if it should be used for park
purposes and if It were provided with a
perfect sewer system.
Testimony given In IS9B by Colonel
Mendell was produced in which he said
that the construction of a single pipe line
Continued : op Fifth Pa^e.
Weekly Call, sl.oo per Year
HI TP n HI! R I Corner Fourth and
urn L nu IHL rr-v-rcoa^rnd
Valises checked free.
WINTER RESORT.
Red, Rough Hands, Itching, Burning \ f '€/(g)|
Palms, and Painful Finger Ends. |L==^J
ONE NIGHT CURE.
Soak the hands on retiring: in a strong, hot, creamy lather of
CUTICURA SOAP. Dry, and anoint freely with CUTICURA,
the great skin core and purest of emollients. Wear, during the
nijrht, old, loose kid gloves, with the finger ends cat off and air
holes cut in the palms. For red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fis-
sured, itching, feverish palms, with shapeless nails and painful
finger ends, this treatment is simply wonderful.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor. :
CcnslFtlnrof Citticch* 60AP(25e.),t0 cleanu tbo ekin of crnsU and
£T\ X* _, .. — » eeaif» and »ofu-a thr thickened cuticle; Cuticxra OiNTMrxT (60c.).
ffi 1 i ii^l IB 8\55 "» instantly nllay itchin*. inflammation, and irritation, and «<ootho and
lU&ivUilU lieil; and CuTircßA Ukuoltf-st (60c), to cool and clcanne tho blood.
J Si <%¦» I.j m.- A Bikole Set Jb often itiffldeat to rare the most torturing, dleficnrlng,-
Till. vFT \.\ VH and bnmilUtioc Kkln. scalp. mnd blood fanmnr*. with loaa of bair. when
luL WL 1 1 «Pl«£w ail cl«e fail*. Fottsb Dsuo aks Cueii. Cokt., Bole Vropt., Bo»toa.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
(INCORPORATED).
1017-1023 Mission Street, Above Sixth,
PHONE SOUTH 14. SAH FMUC/SCO.
Clean
Eye=Glasses
With. diluted ammonia (1 to 3) and one of our
eelvyt cloths, free to every 'wearer of the new
clip: don't slip, tilt or waver.
Oculists* prescriptions fllled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone, Main 10.
642 Market St. instruments
¦ 'unntH Cnemcit Bvniomc, "
Our Bar Outfits £-«
cific Coast. We guarantee them. AH fitted with nickel
trimmings, the counter-tops and rails bsing either walnut or
oak to suit. All made by us- •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure.- One dose win stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It Ail druggists. •
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old number 21 S'ockton st.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 5523.
Catarrh, Deafness,
W9*n \*iooicATno JFi^ in tars,
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGHAM'S we ™"o D .
204 Sutler St., N\V. Cor. Kearny.
Hours— 9 to 12 a. m. ; 1 to 3 and 7 to 8 p. m.
tj DPP An honest trial of one week, given
¦ IVl_l_# to enow the superior merit of th«
new treatment. 2000 test cases— 9s per cent
cured. Call at once or write.
How can the British trooper bold
Deflat the -wily Boer.
TTnless he tones his system up
"With good old "Jesse Moore."
When a woman has Invited a neighbor
and his wife to tea she always feels hurt
and disappointed If the neighbor's wife
doesn't ask her for the recipe for that
lovely cake. — Somervllle Journal.
3-Day Specials!
SPRING VALLEY UNDER
THE FIRE OF INQUIRY
Colonel Mendel! and the Mayor
Fail to Agree.
The Investigation Results in Some Inter
esting Testimony and Several Sur
prises Not on the Cards.
THE Board of Supervisors resumed
last night the investigation of the
water question preparatory to the es
tablishment of the rates for a year.
The inquiry was unique in that it pos
sessed general interest and ehed consid
erable lipht upon the project so often dis
ouss=ed of supplying this city with water
from the Sierra*. This problem was con
ddered by such experts as Aermann
Schossler'of the Spring Valle* Water
Company and by Colonel Mendell of the
Hoard of Public Works. Stranger per
haps than the fact of such a discussion
was the practical agreement of the ex
perts upon the conditions of securing
such a supply. The board through- the
questioning of the Mayor attempted also
to secure more information in relation to
the value of the Spring Valley plant and
Its treatment and alleged discrimination
lor and against patrons. The inquiry- will
Ye resumed to-morrow night.
Hermann Schussler, chief engineer of
the Spring Valley Water Company, was
the first witness of tlie evening. In an
ewer to a scries of queries he told what
he knows of the construction and operat
ing expenses and of the value of the plant
cf his company. He declared that he
could not and he did not believe that any
one else can give haj-d and set values for
the corporation's plant. A great deal of
time was consumed in a discussion of the
Market-street reservoir, and when Mayor
Phelan had finished his questions only
one fact of Interest was developed.
This is that the city authorities have
destroyed the property as a reservoir by
cutting streets through it. The business
district which could be supplied from this
reservoir is now supplied therefore by a
reservoir four miles out of town. This
palpably is a menace. What the Market
ttreet property may be worth therefore is
a question which the witness did not at
reir.pt to settle. The Merced property also
proved the theme of a long discussion,
l>ut not one particularly of prorit. The
Mayor wanted to know if the Merced
property could not be populated since it is
ur>t used and the people of San Francisco
must pay interest en its value. The wit
ress insisted that the property could not
by any means be so used, as it would in
jure tne lakes which now supply water to
the city. Such habitation would Inevita
bly pollute the supply. Nor, the witness
continued, could the reservation b<» used
as a park except after a very thorough
eewer system had been established.
Entering into a general' discussion of
Spring- Valley values Schussler declared
that in 1>77, when a movement was on
foot to buy the works of the company
for the city, the directors of Spring Val
ley placed a valuation of $13,5'jy,0w upon
their property, as against Jll.lwO.W) as the
estimates made by experts for the city.
Adding to this Jl3.oOo,i>k> t'-.e sum of J15.
hW>Z2j 16, which has been actually ex
pended in construction, the purchase of
water and ¦ riparian rights and rights
of way between the years of 1577
and IS3?, Inclusive, the witness
insisted that the works of the
Spring Valley Water Company are worth
at least $30.'.»00,00Q. Not only is the prop
erty worth this, but the witness contend
«-d that it Is of a most substantial char
*cter, economically established and in
every particular necessary. For a verifi
cation of this assertion Mr. Schussler re-
Jerred to Colonel Mendell of the Board of
Public Works.
With this Mr. Schussler was excused
and Colonel Mendell was called to the
Hand by Mayor Phelan. The colonel must
take no Interest in public affairs or he is
certainly a man who does not scare
easily. He probably does not know that
ilayor Phelan still has that surgeon's
knife or he dots not care particularly
whether or not there Is- a vacancy in the
Bsard of- Public Works. Colonel Mendell
proved a far better witness for the Spring
Valley Water Company that did Schuss
ler. The colonel declared that he knows
Absolutely nothing of the present value
of the works of the Spring Valley Water
Company, but he would in fairness place
a vaiui upon it equal to the cost of sup
plying the city with water from another
source. The Mayor had received Just the
answ*r ho did not want. He fared no bet
ter in endeavoring to induce Colenel Men
dell to say that a Sierra supply could be
obtained at the figures suggested by- him
eelf. Colonel Mendell declared that twen
ty-three years ago he believed that $16,-
OiO.OOO would be required to bring water
from the SierraF. but material is now very
much dearer and the system would have
to be duplicated, necessitating a double
cost, or at least $32,000,000, and perhaps
more.
Mayor Phelan attempted also to show
that the findings In the investigation of
the Los Angeles Water Company may be
made to apply to the Spring Valley "Wa
ter company, but Colonel Mendell re
plied that between the two there is abso
lutely no basis for comparison. He agreed
with* Schussler that the Merced property
should not be given over to habitations
or used as a park. After a deal of fur
ther fruitless questioning he was excused.
George E. Booker, chief clerk of the
Spring Valley Water Company, was then
called to the stand. He was questioned
very closely in connection with the accu
sation that his company discriminated
against shipping at this port by exacting
exorbitant rates. He denied the charge
emphatically and furnished several rea
sons to support his denial. Some amuse
ment was furnished during his examina
tion by Supervisor Maguire, who indicat
ed with marked clearness that he had no
reason to suspect what he waa talking
about or why.
Hermann Kchussler, chief engineer of
the Spring Valley Company, took the
stand to continue hU testimony of the
previous meeting concerning the value of
the company's property and the operating
and constructing expanses. Mayor Phe
lan assumed the role cf cross-examiner,
first asking: Mr. Schussler as to the ex
tent of the unoccupied lands of the com
pany in this city and county.
Mr. Schussler said that these lands were
around the Brannon street and the Mar
ket street reservoirs. He was unable to
state the value of the tracts, somo flvo
hundred in number, as they were pur-
Chased years ago and many of them were
under water now. He added that it was a
question whether anybody living could
value them jls they stand.
In answer to another question he re
plied that a portion of the land on the
l^ake Merced watershed had been valued
lor ¦Government purposes at $1000 an acre.
"Do you consider that' a fair valuation
for that land?" he was asked.
"It is worth all of that," was his reply.
The lake covers about 2000 acres of the
site of 4450 acres, the surrounding land
owned by the company belns about 2450
acres. The Mayor asked If that land was
necessary for the purposes of the com
pany, and Mr. Schussler replied that he
considered it very necessary for the rea
eon that the water percolating through it
went into the lake much purer than would
otherwise be the case.
"I advised the directors of the com
rany," he said, "to forego any rental they
might set from it for pasturage, and they
Hnally decided to do so for that very rea
son."
On this Lake Merced site. Mr. Schussler
testified, the company had built bulkheads
and a drainage canal at a cost of $176,
914 11.
"Did you not construct these improve
ments," asked the Mayor, "for the pur
pose of protecting the lake from the
drainage of the watershed?"
"Yes, sir; from the pollution. Before the
work was constructed the water carried
a grer.t deal of filth from the watershed
into the lake, and I constructed this
drainage system to prevent it. It has
benefited the service a gTeat deal, and
bacteriological examinations show that
the water has improved and is now found
to be excellent."
"What would be the effect, asked the
Mayor, "on the water supply tn Lake
Merced by the abandonment of the 2450
acres for park purposes, for Instance?"
"I do not think it would hurt the water
supply much if the land were used for
park purposes and the people were not
allowed to commit nuisances and if. a
thorough 6ystem of water-tiglit sewers
were laid down there."
"Do you consider it necessary to pre
serve unoccupied that large acreage near
the site of the lake?"
"Yes. sir, absolutely, as long as you
want to use the water for domestic pur
poses, because if you allowed thousands
of people to go there and you didn't have
a thorough system of sewerage you are
very apt to create a source of pollution
to the water."
In answer to other questions by the
Mayor Mr. Schussler stated that he did
not value all of that property at $1000 an
acre. He said that he had stated that
the Government had been asked to pay
that price for a certain number of acres
that It wanted.
"Do you consider it worth more or less
than that?"
"That is hard to say. The lake has
Feen us through trouble from breaks In
our other plants throughout the country
and has helped us very much indeed, and
its location so near the city makes it all
the more valuable."
Mayor Phelan called the attention of
Mr. Schussler to the valuations placed In
IS9O upon the property of the Spring Val
ley Water Company by Colonel Yon
Schmidt and R. J. Dunn, Yon Schmidt's
valuation beine J12.642.000 and Dunn's In
the s=ame neighborhood, and asked him if
he disputed those valuations.
"I do most emphatically," was th©
reply. "They were entirely too low, for
the simple reason that thirteen years be
fore that the city had employed first-class
expert.*, who had examined these works
and compared them with other works, and
MRS. BOTKIN ON THE WITNESS-STAND.
Hftle's.
Sale's.
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15. 1900.
t straw hats for now^fcj
! and early spring yfe
| an air of Paris, made into tangible forms ,/v S. rpJV/7w ~*Q> m
ML by our own skilled workers, shown yes- ' Vv S^r^>^<ir^>-O
a tcrday for the first time— new colorings, /- ~yT. <^*~Ci^~Z> i\
y new shapes, newtrimmings. the trimminzs y[f T^-^^ il
B run to handsome foliage and scarfs — lilacs > * > }\
a f and poppies play prominent parts, perhaps you wish to trim a hat g
0 yourself — com: In, then, and see the n:vv stylss. s-\
H plain straw sailors, neat crown, trimmed with velvet band I
M ribbon bands £iO\~ and pretty quill — only c \ CA H
H others up to $1.25. «P I.OU H
1 ro £ g !; ds StraW SaiiOrS ' ribD ° n SOC the VMiH talre '._F r e n chy, too-In I
§ h-re's a''cnk""F;en'chy"hat that r W straw with crush y- ' I
| some one his nam/d the "New Silk bands and quill >*5U X
g! : Exposition." odd tamo'shantsr trlmmfd hats up to..— $13 00 5
¦ f-f-ie Al*nold come in and have the uses and bsnsfits of these I
I !>«!* Annric: wonderful S° ods explained to you. the best |
g KIIIL gUUUSi underwear tor women ani children. |j
1 ** more new ribbons came in by 1 1
I express yesterday. " jn
I two specials at the notion counter. I
a shell hair pins, 3 Inches long, plain fancy enameled belt clasps, just 11
I andwav^bUckamb^ror jffiSSSS^S^Sc 1
| shell— per dozen, only O^ others 35c and soc. •*
I t the tinware sale continues. 1 1
I veilings and neckwear S^£~:
f] fine silk grenadine mesh veiling, with the new ring doteffcet, 9» r I*
H comes in 7 colors per yard +>o£
H new "beauty dot," with fancy border on a fins grenadine mesh, 7~\ —
h colors - yard
H 8 dozrn silk string ties, with tassel ends in black, cream, blue, |r\
H pink, lavender, cerise and hmon each *"t j
I I mail orders promptly and carefully filled. I
M ladiet' parlors w\^ <*&&, ladies' suits |
1 mezzanine M^^Good good^S^^ b / I
n floor. *"' -T^ express. p
Si f 935-947 Market Street. 4- f g
m(^^^^^^M
CASH OR UTTLE-AT-A-TIME. SEND 5c FOR COMPLETE NEW CATALOG.
S TEETH FILLED 8
@ WITHOUT PAIN @
By our famous electric n)etr;od. Call or write 4£3fc
for lr)formatlon. We save you half your dental
49^ bill and give a ten years' guarantee.
2|| PROMPT ATTENTION. j|f
»? .»^»
¦F^ i Evenings until 9. Sundays all *<\7" A TVT ifHAAnfIW
T day. Written guarantee 10 yrs. , VA IN V rcl II i/Vl
®! Full Set of Teeth, pain- < ¦ * ¥ "W I *
less extractions free. sl.OO up V (OUR NEW HOME> cUfl
Gold Crowns, 22-k :t..'i(» up i v nul . '' . «a|7
©Finings 25e up J 1001 Market Street, MSsi
¦Treth Without Platf>s Our i _ «&§
J Specialty. We give gas.. , .^ ' ' S. W. Corner Sixth.
«..»«««»... -^ SEE ELECTRIC DISPLAY. (s||
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLES2B?p HUR
NPRING ».
Most not-d Mineral Springs in United States.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism Blood ti~?
Kidney. Storr.ach and other dlsorden ' Annii
FRANK W. ELY. City A K wit ? fffl im^S?"
1 ' ¦ *
II Palace and t
il- Grand. Hotels \
• ' Fcr nearly a quarter of a century the T
« ' leading hotels on the Paclflc Coast. J
• • With added Improvements and con- ?
< - venlences they continue to be the head- f
? quarters for tourists ami travelers via- ?
T ltlnc: San Francisco. ?
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. - "?
f Manac««"- ?
12
Brought From Jail to Testify in the
Price Divorce Case.
MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN, un
der sentence of life Im
prisonment for the murder
of Mrs. John P. Dun
ning, was an unwilling- wit
ness In Judge Dalngerfleld's
department of the Superior Court
yesterday afternoon, having been
brought In from Branch County Jail
No. 3, where she is confined pending
the Supreme Court's decision of her
appeal for a' new trial, to testify in the
divorce suit of Mrs. Birdie Price vs.
A. G. Price. Mrs. Price charged her
husband, who Is an electrician, with a
statutory offense as a ground for di
vorce, and he responded with a gen
eral denial and a cross-complaint
charging her with similar offenses
asainst law and morals. The allega
tions on both sides are spicy, and the
witnesses thus far examined have
given some Interesting testimony, but
Mrs. Botkin's appearance on the stand
as a witness for the husband Is
fraught with unusual interest be
cause of the fact mat Mrs. Price was
proprietress ! of the Victoria Hotel,
where Mrs. Botkin resided ¦when she
mailed the poisoned candy that
caused the death of the wife and
sister-in-law of her erstwhile lover
and was one of the chief witnesses
against her.
Eighteen months or more of prison
life have made no Inroads on the phy
sical health of the woman whose trial
was one of the sensations of the year.
In other respects, however, she is
greatly changed. The erect carriage
and air of almost brazen defiance
which characterized her all during the
weary, exciting weeks of that trial
have entirely disappeared. The change
in this respect is remarkable and
somewhat puzzling. The quiet, black
gowned woman with downcast eyes
and subdued voice who stepped on the
platform in response to the summons,
"Mrs. Cordelia Botkin,"- in Judge
Dalngerfleld's court yesterday, was
not the least suggestive of a convicted
murderess, and the very antithesis of
CHANGE WROUGHT IN MRS. BOTKIN SINCE CONVICTION.