Fka^kf-ort Ky., Jan. 31.— -William Goebel was shortly before 9 o'clock to-night sworn in as Governor of Ken
tucky, and J. C. Beckham a few minifies later took the oath as Lieutenant Governor. The oath was adminis
tered to both men by Chief Justice Hazlerlgg of the Court of Appeals.. The plan to make Goebel Governor was
set In notion early in the afternoon. A statement was prepared saying that the boards which had heard the con
tests for Governor and Lieutenant Governor had decided In favor of Goebel and Beckham: that the boards In
tended to report their findings to the Legislature, but that they had been prevented from doing so by the ac
tion of Governor Taylor in declaring the Legislature adjourned. The statement then goes on to say that the mem
ber« of the Legislature were driven from place to place by the militia and threatened with arrest whenever they at
tempted to hold a meeting. It was declared the belief of all the signers of tho statement that Goebel and Beckhan.
were the legally elected Governor and Lieutenant Governor, and each man as he signed the paper announced that he
\oted for the t'Joption of the majority report of the contest boards, which declared Goebel and Beckham 'to be the
men rightfully entitled to the offlce. The statement is signed by a majority of the members of both houses. o
uoesoi. as soon as he was assured that he was legally Governor of Kentucky, took prompt action regarding trm
military arm of the service. Two orders were quickly prepared for his signature, the first of which discharged Adju
tant General Daniel Collier from, office and appointed General John B. Castleman of Louisville: as his successor ¦ The
second was directed to the commanders of the militia now stationed In this city, directing them to return to their
homes. \\ crd was at once telegraphed to General Castleman of his appointment, and he is expected in the city to
morrow morning. There is a posnibillty of trouble In the matter of control of the State troops... The regiments of the
Taller * a orEranlzed and are for the most part made, up of. Republicans and personal followers 'of
"It was announced by members of the militia to-night that of the soldiers now under arms here about 300 would
obey the orders of Governor GoebeL It Is not expected they will. attack their comrades, but they will refuse to obey
the orders of Governor Taylor and take their chances of court-martial. -
GOV. TAYLOR
ADJOURNS THE
LEGISLATURE
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 3L—Gov
ernor Taylor at 10 o'clock this morn
ing issued the following proclama
tion: ¦ • .¦ .• ¦ • ? . ..-¦¦¦¦
To the General Assembly of the Com-_
xnonwealth of Kentucky:. ¦
Whereas, a state of insurrection now
prevails ln ; tbe State of Kentucky, and.
especially in .Frankfort, the capital'
thereof, by virtue of the authority vested
in me by the constitution of Kentucky,
I do hereby, ' by 'this proclamation, ad
journ at once ' the ¦ General Assembly: of
the State of Kentucky, .to meet at Lon
don, Laurel County, Kentucky. Tuesday,
the sixth day of February, 1900, afl2'
o'clock. ¦.¦¦'.. ¦¦''.. • ,
Given , under . my hand ,'at Frankfort; •
Ky.. this 3Cth day of January, 1900, at S
"o'clock p. in.". , W.S. TAYLOR,
Governor. of Kentucky. •
By Caleb Powers, ¦ Secretary of ' State.
The good humor soon died away, hc.w
ever. and loud cries of indignation were
heard from the : Democratic members.
Then loud above the tumult came a' voice*
clear and sharp:- "We are' dealing with a
pack of heathens and j hounds. Let's go
to the op^ra -house."
Shouts of approval greeted ' this pro
posal,' and out -of, the "door, down- th«
broad steps streamed ' the crowd, hasttn
ing : along St. Clair ' street toward the
opera-house. Close behind came ' General
Collier on the run." He shouted 'orders to
Lieutenant ' Colonel -Gray , [ who} was stanili
ing by the steps. 1 A few, quick orders were
given by, that officer, -and away toward
the y opera-house' rushed the .soldiers.
There was no parade.' " Every man went
as though "running to a- flre.; They ran up
the middle of i the street 'arid .easily dis
tanced, the legislators,' who took the'side-
GOEBEL'S CONDITION.
FRANKTpBT, _JKj., "Feb.
- I.— At 3|o'clock this morning
* Goebel was asleep. .'- His \ phy
siciaris. retired and nobody is
in th"e r . sickroom except vthe
-nurses. • * • .:
The [condition of Goebel last
night was better ' than at ; any
time during the day. He, was
• resting comfortably, - no _^ un
favorable symptoms ha<i \ ap-
and: it was. announced
that he would unquestionably
get throughthe night in good
shape.
There Is Now
Double Gov
ernment in the
Old Blue
Grass State,
and Serious
Trouble Is
Expected.
Troops in Control at
Frankfort, and It Isa
Question Whether
They Will Obey
Their New Com
mander — Taylor's
Act in Adjourning
the State Lawmak
ers Said to Be With
out Precedent.
FRAICKFORT, Ky.. Jan. SL-Never
was there a more complicated po
litical situation than that which to
night confronts the politicians of
Kentucky, and never was there one
cf which it seemed so difficult to form an
accurate guess at the outcome.
William Goebel, who was shot down by
an assassin yesterday, received the oath
of office as Governor pf Kentucky to
night. What the legislators were kept
from doing publicly they accomplished by
etea'.th.
All day through the streets of Frankfort
soldiers marched and countermarched.
Drills in the street were frequently held.
In order that the men might be warmed
by exercise after they had remained in the
biting wind.
Around the Penitentiary was a line of
troops, in front of the opera-house was a
jruard. three companies stood at rest in
the open space in front, of the Capitol
Hotel, seritriejs rmtroj I le.i.every.slde Qf the
.¦.:::•..:.- it. W"'* w . tx-Govtrnor Bradley
r*~^def and a attachment of infantry held
th«* courthouse against the possible com
ing of the members of the Legislature
with the Intention of declaring that net
the living William S. Taylor, but the
dying William Goebel. was the lawful
head and extcutlve of the commonwealth
of Kentucky.
Th<« Republicans laid their plans we.l
end secretly. They carried them through
vigorously. The proclamation declar
ing that a Ftate of Insurrection
existed in the State and warrants for
the arrest of every Democratic mem
ber of the Legislature were prepared last
night. It was the intention of Governor
Taylor and his advisers that no meeting
of the Legislature should be held to-day
even though it proved necessary to arrest
end detain In custody all those who per
sisted in holding meetings. Once adopted
the policy was carried out to the letter.
Compelled to retire from the Capitol
building they went to th«» opera-house.
Held back from the opera-house they
went to the courthouse; pre\*ented from
entering the courthouse they went to the
Capitol Hotel, only to be told that any
meeting they might attempt to hold in
that building would be suppressed, all
found taking part in it would be arrested
and the hotel itself seized by the soldiers.
It was a hopeless game. The Democrats
fcad no chance to win and they gave It
up. Later In the day officers entered the
hotel and told the Democrats that no con
ferences should be held and they at
tempted' to hold none.
Governor Taylor and his attorneys re
mained all night In the State House.
Threats had been made against all of
them, and it was thought the wisest .thing
tor them was to remain where they were
until the excitement had In some degree
abated.
This morning not a mtnbtr of the Leg
islature knew whether or not the body
would be permitted to meet In the Capitol
building. They knew that soldiers were
guarding every jrate and that nobody
would be allowed to enter without a pass.
They decided, however, to meet at the
Capitol Hotel and. march In a body to the
Capitol. Clerk Edward Lee of the House,
with Representatives Kilday and Lewis,
formed the advance guard and at 9:40 they
presented themselves at the south gate of
the Capitol grounds. A young lieutenant
was on guard. In command of a' small
Fquad. As soon as the members of tne
Legislature were Identified they were ad
mitted and allowed to pass Into the Cap
itol building.. Not a soldier was In eight
on the outeide of the building, but once
the door was opened it looked like war.
Long lines of Infantry were drawn up
Continued • on -Pa gt . Two.
His First Act as Governor Is to Appoint General Castleman
to the Command of the Militia—The Military
Now Divided. ° » c
OATH ADMINISTERED TO GOEBEL.
The Fighters for
Good Princi
ples and Hon
est Govern -
m en t W i 11
Relegate the
Boss to Po-
litical Oblivion.
?
Caucus To-Night Will
Probably Adjourn
Until Monday in
Order to Enable the
Independents to Fix
Upon an Acept
able Candidate —
The Proceedings
Will Redound to
the Honor of the
State.
» •
Burns can't buy his way into the
United States Senate with their
votes.
They have honorably and va
liantly obeyed their sense of pub
lic duty under the stress of temp
tation that should land the tempt
ers in the State penitentiary.
These legislators have been
threatened with the weapon of
the Southern Pacific blacklist,
that will rum them in business,
and they have stood only more
firmly to their posts. They have
been offered the bribes of place,
patronage and power, and they
have rebelled. This much they
have done, and certainly tney
will not undo their splendid
work. It is natural that they
should be apprehensive, for
there is no trick or treachery that
the Mexican does not know.
So to the end they intend to
be vigilant. They have cast
Burns out, but they are not haz
arding what they have so stub
bornly won by neglecting to
watch everj* movement of the de
feated Mexican. They are con
cerned now in seeking a man
who shall be acceptable to all
and against whom no finger of
suspicion can be raised. • There
are many aspirants in the field.
Scott,. Bard, Barnes, Pillsbury,
Barham, Paterson, Knight,
Shortridge and others are in the
field, and each has his friends and
followers.
How to reconcile these clash
ing claims and from the field
draw the favorite is the problem
of the independent legislators.
The fight is absolutely an open
one. The only hope that the
people of California can have is
that the best man may win.
The finish of the most remark
able Senatorial contest in the
history of California is not re
mote. D. M. Burns, who entered
the race without the knowledge
or consent of the people, now
recognizes that his defeat is in
evitable. The Southern Pacific,
sustained by members of the
Legislature, who would have
been defeated if they had given
to their constituents the slightest
intimation that they intend to
support the Mexican, has balked
the Republican party and de
prived the State of representa
tion in the United States Senate.
The Southern Pacific manag
ers one year ago haughtily re
fused to listen to the demands of
the people that all the candidates
should be retired in order that a
Senator might be chosen. Gen
eral Barnes, R.- X. Bulla,*U. S.
Grant, Irving M. Scott and
Thomas R. Bard were wiling to
ALL HEADOUAR-
M; j TERS, SACR A-
MENTO, Jan. 31.—
' The splendid fight
against D.M. Burns has been
fought and won. As The Call
announced this morning, . the
Mexican will hear his fate in the
caucus. • The Republican mem
bers of the Legislature will meet
to-morrow night in this caucus,
and after organizing and taking
a few complimentary votes will
probably adjourn until Monday
night. The proposition of delay
was 1 made in. desperation and de
spair by trie demoralized forces
of, Burns: It will be acquiesced
in by the determined- opponents
of the Mexican, not because they
wish to show him any considera
tion," but because they have
driven him from the field "and
knowing: that he is o nb longer"; a
factor in the fight ° they want
some time in o which to fix upon
a candidate , wKo will" worthily
represent" the State.
.'.-'" oThis* is the situation to-night
in the battle that is absorbing
the attention of the people of
California and creating: interest
at Washington. The significant
fact of the day is the absolute
knowledge that Burns has been
beaten. He has exhausted even'
artifice and subterfuge of corrupt
politics to stay the flood of indig
nant public opinion which is
sweeping him from the political
field in which he has been an ob
noxious presence. He has tried
with bribes of money and- of pa
tronage to break the ranks of de
cent legislators which are so sol
idly facing him with the stern
menace of. political destruction.
But he is striving in vain. His
master and paid champion, Wil
liam F. Herrin, the Democratic
head of the law department of
the Southern Pacific Company,
is powerless to help him in his
fatal plight. Herrin has over
estimated his' abilities to corrupt.
He may. have power to seduce
Supervisors with the jingling,
dazzling influence of coin, but he
has undertaken too serious a
task in seeking to prostitute the
independent members of this
Legislature, who value their rep
utations • and their . honor as
above price. They have resented
the command to bare their backs
to the railroad brand, and D. M.
on each side of the hall with fixed bayo
nets. At the foot of the stairs leading
to .the legislative halls stood Colonel
Williams and behind him a detachment
of soldiers completely blocking . up the
stairs. Colonel Williams carried in his
band a large bundle of papers," one of
which he handed to each member of the
House as they passed him. It was a
copy of the proclamation given above.
Colonel Williams permitted Clerk Lee,
Assistant Clerk Henry Stone and a few
Representatives to pass- up the stairs.
Then the main body of the Legislature
came tramping through the doorway and
they were stopped by the- soldiers in an
Instant. Loud cries and exclamations
filled the air. and Colonel Williams,
mounting half-way up the stairs, shouted:
CALIFORNIA'S POLITICAL OUTLAWS. AT THE DOOR OF THE FEDERAL SENATE.
"Gentlemen. I hold In my hand a procla
mation Issued by tbo' Governor of Ken-"
tucky. which I will read."
He then read the proclamation In a loud
voice and directed an orderly to pass
copies of the proclamation out Into the
crowd. The legislators were coming in
too rapidly, however, and the pushing
and shouting made It Impossible for any
explanation to be given the late, comers.
Adjutant General Collier then mounted
the stairway and read the proclamation
a «»econd time. "When he finished a Rep
resentative shouted:
"Mr. Chairman^"
"Well." said that gentleman, with a
laugh, "where is London?"
"It is In Kentucky," yelled another
voice. " hjgggjl
Kentucky's Legislature, Prevented by
Troops From Meeting, Takes
Most Decisive Action.
IN READINESS TO CRUSH
THE CORRUPT MEXICAN
Opponents of Burns Determined to
Save the State From Representa
tion by the Defaulter.
GOEBEL IS SWORN
IN AS GOVERNOR
VOLUME LXXXVII— SO. 63.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISGO^ 1, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLand the. cold wind kept the people off the
streets;.;'- ">'. '„".*<;
GOEBEL ORDERS THE
TROOPS TO DISPERSE
FRANKFORT, , Ky., Jan. 31.-The fol
lowing proclamation was issued to-night
by Governor. Goebel:
_• y. Commonwealth of Kentucky,
Executive Efcpartnwmt. Frankfort. , Ky.,
-?. .'. January 31. 1900.
VVhereaa. It has been made known to me that
certain persona, without authority of l*w, have
banded themselves together for the unlawful
purpose of forcibly preventing the General As
sembly of Kentucky from assembling and dis
charging their official duties at the seat of gov
ernment, and have,, fox said unlawful purpose;
assembled la the city of Frankfort the First
and Second regiments of the Kentucky State
uuard, and by force of arms have unlawfully
taken possession of the hall of the House of
Representatives and Senate chamber of the
f?^?. of ' Kent «c k >'. " well as all other public
Duiiainga and archives of the commonwealth.
and *¦»*• by force, intimidation and violence
expelled the General Assembly from the Capl-
* b " lldln K 8 *nd refuged to permit the Senate
and House of Representatives to hold their ses
sion therein and are now terrorl*lng the
representatives of the people and other good
t i^l? ot tne commonwealth, now. therefore,
I. wijllarn Ooebel. Governor of the common
wealth of Kentucky, do hereby command . the
First and Second resriments of the Kentucky
btate Guard, and each and every officer and
member thereof, to return to their homes and
several avocations, and there remain until law
fully called into active service.
I also command all otljer persons whatsoever
wO,w 0 , are^ n now.. ow . un i aw 'u»y •encased in interfering
with and Intimidating Ambers of the General
Assembly of this commonwealth to disband and
¦desist from terrorizing and Intimidating the
said members of the General Assembly and all
other good citizens of this commonwealth.
. Given under my hand as Governor of the
commonwealth of Kentucky at Frankfort. Ky.,
the 31st day of January. 1900.
WILLIAM GOEBEL.
DEMOCRATS HAD A
MOST UNIQUE PLAN
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 81.-The Dem
ocrats had a unique plan for getting the
Legislature to-night which would have
been carried into effect if they had not
succeeded in obtaining the necessary sig
natures to the Goebel and Beckhaxn state
ment early in the evening. Frank Keenan
played "A Poor t Relation" at the opera
house to-night, and it was the Intention
of the Democratic Senators and Repre
sentatives to go to the entertainment one
by one. At the end of the . first act.
Speaker Trimble was to mount the stage',
call the Legislature to order and adopt
the majority report of the contesting
boards. The scheme would have prob
ably been carried to a successful Issue
had the members decided to attempt it
Extreme vigilance is .practiced by ali
the guards around thl State House
grounds, to-night The orders are more
strict than they have been at any time
heretofore, and nobody without a uniform
is allowed inside the grounds. All passes
issued earlier in the day were taken ud
whenever presented. v
WHITTAKER YET
DECLARES INNOCENCE
LOUISVILLE, Jan. 81.— Harland Whit
taker, who was suspected of having shot
Senator Goebel and who was brought here
last night from Frankfort, was somewhat
nervous to-day as a result of the excite
ment, but he still persists in asserting hia
innocence and said he had no fear of the
outcome of his trials
"f did not shoot Mr. Goebel," he said,
"and never thought of 'doing so. I was
there simply as a friend of Taylor to see,
with the others, that he had justice done
him. I was sitting in the State House
wnen we heard the shots fired. Two other
men were there and they were talking
about insurance. One of them had a
brown beard, and : if they will they can
come forward and clear me. But I am
not afraid, for I know, I am innocent and
that when the case comes up I will be
cleared.^ They cannot convict an Innocent
man. They can't show ¦ where I shot at
Mr. Goebel, and all there Is against me is
that I had the pistols; but if they arrested
everybody in Frankfort who was armed
half the population would be in jail before
the day was over." ¦ .
So many .people called at the Jail to see
Whittaker that Jailer Pflantz ordered him
confined In an upstairs room. No one is
to be allowed to call on him during the
remainder of his confinement simply be
cause they are curious to know how the
suspect looks. He will be allowed to see
the : constables and newspaper men, but
outsiders are to be shut out. . -. .¦¦ • ' ¦ ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO. Jan. 31.— The xontest for
Senator was enlivened somewhat this afternoon by the announcement that
Thomas R. Bard of Ventura had been Invited by fifteen of his supporters
to come to Sacramento again and engage in the fray. There was one dis
patch signed by the whole number, and besides there were several separate
messages of encouragement. The Bard boom has the merit of coming from
a sources outside of the Burns camp. It is doubtless Herrin's plan to keep
as many candidates In the field as possible, with a view of discouraging and
confusing the opposition to Burns, but the invitation to Mr. Bard was not
prompted by a suggestion from the Southern Pacific law department. Among
the signers to the telegram were: Senators Flint. Jones, Rowell, Bulla.
Smith, Gillette, Currier, Taylor, Assemblymen Greenwell, Conrey, Mellck..
Cosper, Valentine, Merritt and Chynoweth.
SHERIFF DECLARES
HE SHOT GOEBEL
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Jan. 31.— James Sut
ton, Sheriff of Whltely County, who came
here from Frankfort last night, is a
prisoner In the County Jail. At an early
hour this morning at the Victoria Hotel
Sutton went up to the office of the clerk,
brandishing two revolvers.
"I am the man who shot Goebel," he
said, "and I will never be taken alive."
The hotel manager promptly sent for
the police and on the appearance of the
latter Sutton ran upstairs to the third
story and when he thought he was about
to be captured opened a window and
leaped out. He alighted on his feet, was
uninjured and ran nearly a mile before
he was arrested. The police believe that
Sutton is either decidedly unbalanced
mentally or that he knows who shot
Goebel. An effort to Interview him after
he was lodged in Jail proved unsuccessful
He lay In a dark corner of his cell and
refused to say a word.
FEDERAL INTERFERENCE
IS NOT YET WARRANTED
WASHINGTON, . Jan. 8L — Secretary
Root Is authority for the statement that
there is nothing in the situation in Ken
tucky calling for , Federal interference.
He is credited with the remark that the
State authorities are perfectly . able to
deal with the situation and are not likely
to call on the General Government for
assistance. Federal troops will be or
dered to Kentucky only as a last resort,
and only then upon representation of the
State authorities that they have exhausted
all their resources and are powerless to
deal with the situation. General Merrltt,
commanding the Department of the East,
and General Brooke, lately Governor-
General of Cuba, were at the War. De
partment to-day, but their visit was a
mere coincidence, and there is the best
authority for the statement that their
presence .in the city has no reference
whatever to the possibility of the use of
Federal troops in the settlement of the
troubles In Kentucky.
It cannot be learned that .the change in
the situation in Kentucky, resulting from
the adjournment of the Legislature, has
altered the views of the administration as
to the wisdom and necessity for interven
tion with troops in the State affairs.
. One member of the administration as
serted, regardless of the terminology em
£loyed in the news dispatches, .that' the,
.eglslature was technically in a state of
recess. If that be true, of course, the
power to call for troops could not be ex
ercised by the Governor at this
time. • Another member pointed out
that even assuming that the Leg
islature " stood adjourned, yet the
United States constitution provided that
the Governor's call could be recognized
only when the Legislature could not be
convened, and he wanted to know if it
was asserted that this state of facts ex
ißted. When the point was made that the
United States troops might go into Ken
tucky without call to protect the prop
erty of the United States and the 'mails
and interstate commerce, It was suggested
that so far it had not been shown that
any of those interests were ever re
motely endangered by, the developments
at Frankfort. Altogether, as already
place aside their aspiration?, but Herrin
arrogantly said that the Senator should
he Burns or nobody. Throughout tho
long regular session ' the . battle wab
fought on these lines. Measures of cor
ruption, monstrous and despicable, were
invoked to bring members of the Legis
lature into the corral of Burns.
Leading Republicans in every section of
the State who voted for Gage on the posi
tive assurance that the policy of the
State administration would not be dic
tated by the Southern Pacific road or -Its
agents remonstrated against the contem
plated outrage of placing Burns, the de
faulter. In the United States Senate, but
remonstrance was of no avail. Heedless
of popular protest and contemptuous of
r>arty principle. Herrin, the Democratic
manager of the corporation, declared that
Burns should be elected. Members of the
Legislature weak enough to yield to
temptation were debauched and dis
honored to promote the ambition of the
corrupt boss.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee was betrayed into wicked alliance
with the agents of the Southern Pacific
to foist the discredited boss on the Leg
islature. Petitions from the populace and
prayers from the pulpit were scorned by
the programmers. The patronage at the
bestowal of the chief magistrate of the
State was secretly if not shamefully held
in reserve to reward the hirelings of the
Southern Pacific corporation. With every
element of corruption working to betray
the Republican party fifty-five stalwart
end honor-abiding members of the Legis
lature stood true and firm In the cause of
the people. The Call then proclaimed that
the defeat of the corporation and the
downfall of Burns should strengthen the
party in the confidence of the people and
more than compensate the State for the
loss of representation in Congress. Events
have established the truth of The Call's
prediction. Burns is on the ragrged edpe
of political despair, the arrogant South
ern Pacific corporation has had notice
served upon it and its agents that the
Republican party will not take .. orders
from the law department of the company.
• The dark hours of the long struggle to
rave the State from the shame of repre
sentation by a defaulter have passed.
The friends of good clean government are
courapeous and confident. There is as-
Fu-;r ; ce that a Senator will be elected and
th. t he methods and proceedings of his
? leci.jn will redound to the honor of the
State. BBE3R
. While th« defeat of Burns is acknowl
edged the touts of his following have not
been ordered home by Herrin. They still
cling to the delusion that several of the
fifty members who have signed on their
honor never to vote for Burns in caucus
may be persuaded to break their sacred
pledge. So small an estimate do the rail
road hirelings place upon the Integrity
of puMic men that they speak of the vio
lation of solemn and sacred pledges as
mere incidents of a political campaign.
. To-day the plain truth of the situation
may be told to the Southern Pacific by
ex-Surveyor Brown. The facts will con
vince even Herrin that Burrs cannot win.
Money will not save the Mexican from
defeat. The mere suggestion that the
pack if to be opened to bring some^ofahe
waverinp and doubtful ,to the corral of
the Mexican produces indlgr.ation ; in the
ranks of the twenty-seven members' who
have so far supported Burns without any
material contribution from the funds of
the corporation. If money is introduced
they will demand a large share for past
servitude before they agree to deliver the
eoods.
The calm Judgment of men who have
had long experience in the politics of
California is to the effect that the contest
has passed the corrupting stage, hence
Burns Is no longer a factor. His person-
COMPLIMENTARY VOTE
FOR EX-SENATOR WHITE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 31.— Major P. J. Hamey
of San Francisco, who was selected for the honor of Democratic support for
United States Senator in the contest pending in the Legislature, has with
drawn In favor of Hon. Stephen M. White. When Major Harney was selected
to enter the field of candidates, he was advised that Mr. White's health
would not rermit the ex-Senator to engage in politics. Subsequently it was
ascertained that White's health was much improved, hence Major Harney
insisted that the compliment of Dtmocratic support should be given to a
statesman who had ably served California In the United States Senate.
ality will shortly be eliminated from the
struggle. Doubtless he will endeavor to
make the best terms possible with the
successful candidate in order to protect
the railroad touts who have remained
loyal to the company and the bosses. A
significant fact now develops. Candidates
fcpeak of Burns in softened tones. It is
realized that the Mexican is In possession
of a small Mock of votes that he may
transfer for personal friendship or politi
cal reward; hence there Is a disposition
to avoid- a course that will provoke tho
wrath of the defeated aspirant.
• The twenty-seven men comprising the
Burns following at the present time are
looking around on their own account to
make arrangements for thoir future con
duct in politics. They comprehend that
their leader is down and cannot get up
again In this Senatorial fight. Some of
them are not ready to go down with him.
The election of a clean Senator will
surely be a great triumph for the people
of California, irrespective of party. The
flection of a Senator whose selection was
rot dictated by Herrin and the Southern
Pacific will be a superb triumph for the
Republican party and one that will add
twenty thousand votes to the Republican
column in the great political contest next
November.
. Much of the credit for the great achieve
ment will be Justly accorded to the fifty
five stalwart men who fought for good
principles and clean candidates from the
first ballot in the regular pepslon until the
present hour. It is a foregone conclusion
that every man of the Burns following of
twenty-seven will be retired to political
obscurity. The mere record of their un
broken allegiance to. the cause of the
Southern Pacific against the expressed
wishes of the people will consign them
to oblivion.
The anti-Burns forces to-night decided
to organize the caucus by the election of
Senator Flint chairman and Assemblyman
Knowland eecretary. W. F. Herrin was
expected on the Oregon express to-night,
but as he moves In a mysterious way his
blunders to perform the car may be side
tracked behind the icehouse, as it was
last winter. ' .
said that if a file clerk were to be ap
pointed he would demand that the clerk
of the last session (F. B. Mott) be reap
pointed. Valentine of Los Angeles also
objected upon the ground that if more at
taches were appointed a rearrangement of
the appropriation would be" necessary. A
number of other members gave notice
that if one clerk were appointed they also
would demand recognition and insist that
ail of the old force be reinstated. De
Lancie followed with a similar resolution
and called down practically the same ar
guments. Cosper s resolution was defeat
ed and De Lancie's was laid on the table
by a two-thirds vote.
Valentine, as chairman of the Ways arid
Means Committee, submitted four appro
priation bills carrying the amounts neces
sary for the proper condition of affairs
figured on a session of two weeks. John
eon and Mack also offered bills.
The measures proposed were as follows:
Assembly bill 10— By Johnson— To pro
,, c i? r the removal by the Governor of
all officers and commissioners appointed
by the Governor whose trrms are not
fixed by the constitution. Referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Assembly bill 11-By Johnson-To pro
vide for the suspension for cause by the
Governor of officers and commissioners
appointed by the Governor and confirmed
by the Senate. Referred to the Judiciary
Committee. . . :. ¦-.
Assembly bill 12— By Mack— To repeal an
act prescribing the manner of locating 1
mining claims. Referred to the Mines and
Mining Committee,
Assembly bill 15— By Ways and Means
Committee— Making an appropriation of
$7500 for printing expenses of the extra
session. Special order for February 1
Assembly bill 14-By Ways and Means
ii^G? 1 ? 1 " 66 ""* 18 * 111^ an appropriation of
$3000 for contingent expenses.
Assembly bill 15-By Ways and Means
Committee— Making an appropriation of
$11,208 for per diem and mileage of mem
bers. Special order for February 1
Assembly bill lft-By Ways and Means
C ,9£? 1 ? ltte *~ Maklnßr an appropriation of
$3400 for officers and clerks of the Assem
bly. Special order for February 1
Adjournment was taken to 11 o'clock to
morrow.
PATRONAGE DEBATE
IN THE ASSEMBLY
RESOLUTION APPOINTING FILE
CLERK DEFEATED.
Ways and Means Committee Submits
.. Appropriation Bills Covering a '
*• . Two Weeks' Session.
CALL* HEADQUARTERS.- SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— The hour's session; of
the Assembly to-day was enlivened by_ a
hot fight over^ patronage, which was pre
cipitated by Assemblymen Cosper and De
Lancie, who made a futile effort to break
into the established .payroll with a half
dozen more assistants and clerks. Cosper
started the ball with a resolution appoint
ing W. C. Guirey file clerk. Assemblyman
Kelley of Oakland at once objected and
<• .-'¦ ¦ ¦.'¦• ;¦¦ •¦¦«-;¦ •¦¦;¦¦*•-:
Continued From First Pa«e.
olutlon Introduced by Senator Str»tto»
created some discussion and for a tlirj
the upper house resolved Itself into ¦
debating society. Senator Cutter's resoli
tlon fixing the time of adjourning urn
die was not acted upon and the chance
are that it will not be dlstussed until af te.
the caucus of Thursday night. Langforj
cf San Joaquin Insisted that delays in set
tlinff the length of the session were un
necessary and urged that the Cutter reso.
lution be disposed of. at once. He fai lei
to convince the Senate that his contentlo:
w*i -si correct
Senator Stratton introduced a resolutlot
expressing sympathy with Oom Paul ar.t
his followers and calling upon Congress
to intercede in behalf .of the Transyaa
republic. Most of the Senators tried t«
talk on the resolution at the sa^ne tlmi
and for a while there was confusion
Leavitt of Alameda argued agalnat tn»
resolution, claiming that it was out o:
place for the reason that no legislation o
the kind was suggested in the Governor i
proclamation calling th© extra »e»sion
The matter was finally turned over to th»
Judiciary Committee.
"Braunhart offered a resolution thai
Congress be requested to submit to th«
people an amendment to the constitutor
providing for the election of Lnlte<
States Senators by direct vote. Referred
to the Jndldary Committee. * *-* "\-
A bill providing for the payment ot sal
aries ajid mileage of members and als«
for the salaries of employes was Intro
duced by Dickinson. It went to th«
Finance Committee.
The following positions wer* filled: As
sistant sergeant at- arms to Judidarj
Committee. A. B. Conrad; Janitresa of la
dles' cloakroom. Delia Sampson; pres*
mailing clerk. Amos Stevens.
An adjournment was taken until L
o'clock to-morrow morning.
stated. It is apparent that, lacking en
tirely the disposition to use troops in be
half of either party : to the compllcatlor
in Kentucky." the administration would
be moved from its present position onl3
by some exceedingly radical change in th«
condition of affairs.
HONEST REPUBLICANS FIRM IN THE CAUSE OF THE PEOPLE OF CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; THURSDAY, 0 FEBRUAR^J. 1, 1900^£
HENSHAW. BUCKLEY & CO.. Pumps, Steam and
Gasoline Engines. Boilers. 28 and 2S Frsmonu
AMBUSHED BY TAGALS
IN A MOUNTAIN PASS
Lieutenant Schenck Was Killed at the
First Fire From the Filipino
Riflemen.
MANILA, Jan. 3L— Monday's affair near
Subig resembled the • recent pack-train
umbush. Lieutenant Schenck, .with a
scouting party of forty men of the Twen
ty-fl/th Infantry, ran Into a largo force
of Insurgents In a" mountain' defile.
Schenck fell at the first volley, shot in
the head. Sergeant Singleton and three
privates were killed and five men were
wounded. The Americans then retreated.
Afterward a stronger .force was sent to
the scene of the fighting and the insur
gents departed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— The following
casualty report was received at the .War
Department to-day from General: Otis:
• Killed— Luzon, January ; 21. - Jehh'-H. - Kelly!
Company* B,- Twenty-second Infantry,- near
Cal pan; ' 27th, . James E. r Howjand, . serrcant,
E. Twenty-seventh ¦ Infantry, at. Moron*. " :*~^
. Wounded— January^. M. J. Grady,-Cohipany
G, Fourth: Infantry." thigh, moderate, near Ba
eoor; 23th.. Second -Lieutenant I>Jinls,P. Quirn
land. Eleventh Cavalry, foot, slight, -at Bula
can; 2Stb, Thomaa O'Rourke, E; Twenty-sev
enth Infantry, pelvis, mortally, at Morong,
Panay; 16ih, Christian A, JorK«nßen,'C, Nine
teenth Infantry, leg. slight, at Antique.
walk and handicapped themselves by
numerous posts, boxes and pedestrians
that filled the way. When the law
makers arrived all they obtained for their
run of a quarter of a mile was the privi
lege of standing on the opposite side of
the street and gazing at the opera-house,
the front of which was occupied by v a
panting line of soldiers In double rank,
with fixed bayonets. General Lyons, the
oldest and most corpulent in the House,
had, despite his physical drawbacks,
managed to beat the soldiers and get Into
the hall. He> was politely requested to
come out, which' he did with the remark,
"It does not look as though a quorum will
get In."
Thomas Heffner, the owner of the opera
house, demanded that the. members of the
Legislature should be admitted. \ It was
private property, he claimed, and the
militia had no right to keep anybody from
it. He was completely Ignored by Lieu
tenant Colonel Gray. Speaker Trimble
stepped up "to Lieutenant Colonel Gray
and demanded entrance to the hall. ;It
was refused. Turning around, Mr. Trimble
addressed the crowd:
"Gentlemen, we are denied admission to
the opera-house. We will now adjourn to
the courthouse."
Away went, the crowd with good
natured yells of derision at the soldiers,
who had ordere to remain at the opera
house and could not -leave. The triumph
of the lawmakers was short lived." 1 Before
they had gone 100 feet from the opera
house, around the corner swung a second
company of soldiers directly in their path.
The second heat of the race was now on.
and away went the dignified Senators and
Representatives down the street In . a
cloud of dust, yelling like a pack of . In
dians. Alongside ran the soldiers. It was
the same story over, again; and the legis
lators were permitted to look at the out-
Bide of the courthouse, while the soldiers
held their path. General: Collier had ar
rived ;by this time, and Speaker Trimble,
advancing , from the crowd, said, "Don't
shoot, general." . ?. » .'
"I am not going to create any- trouble;
I won't shtot unless I have to," was tn»
reply. . ** V
"We wish to be admitted to the court
house." said Mr. Trimble. Both men were
smiling.
"It cannot be done, gentlemen," said the
general, calmly.
Speaker Trimble announced: "TJi* Leg
islature will now adjourn subject to my
call." ,
The crowd dispersed.
There Is much doubt among the mem
bers of the Legislature as to whether they
will go to London at all. Some of the
Republicans left . Frankfort during the
day, declaring that they were going direct
to London, but no Democrat sol declared
himself. The words "London, ' Laurel
County," are not worfls that please Demo
cratic ears. In fact, many of them de
clared that their lives would nof.be safe
after they reached that town.: It is a
place of about 1000 inhabitants^: situated
In what is known as the "feud country."
The Inhabitants are mostly mountaineers
and laTgely of a . most enthusiastic : type
of Republican faith. 1 The county, is qge of
the greatest Republican: strongholds In
the State. , The people' of Laurel ' County
are intensely for Taylor .and Intensely
against Goebel and all his works.- It Is
this latter feeling that causes the Demo
cratic members of the Legislature to feel
hesitancy about venturing at the present
time, when party feeling runs bo high
and ibltter ; from end to end -of i the State,
within the confines, of Laurel. County, or
Into 'the neighborhood of London.-
: Adjutant General: Collier; declared to
day that if they, did not attend, the , legis
lative meeting which Is calle'd-tomeet on
February 6,, he would •< arrest .them indi
vidually, provided he ' received ¦ the neces
sary orders from Governor Taylor, arid
convey them to London."
The Democrats have, not said they
DEMOCRATS STAND
READY TO VOTE FOR
A GOOD REPUBLICAN
Special dispatch to The Call. ¦
CALL HBADQUARTEHS,
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 31.
—-Eight Democratic
members of the Learla
latore are said to be ready
to cast their votes (or any
good Republican (or United
States Senator If they are
necessary ' to -'defeat Dan
Barns or prevent another
Senatorial deadlock. *' The
names of the eight .-have
not been given oat, bat the
.announcement of their posi
tion vras made to-day by
Senator Lang-ford. He told
Assemblyman Mnenter of the
anti-Darns forces that he
would guarantee to deliver
eight Democratic votes to
any good Republican candi
date. He stated that he
spoke with authority, and
that when the' proper time
arrived' he would announce
the names of the men.
Similar statements are said
to have been made by Stew
art of Stanislaus and Chap
man of -Nevada. :¦ Senator
Langford's announcement Is
looked upon as. a. play in
the .interest of Van R. Pat
erson." Langford voted for
the San , Francisco attorney
during the deadlock of the
last session, and although
he has not openly stated
thnt # Paterson is still his
choice among the Repub
licans .he has hinted that
the eight Democrats who are
with him prefer to throw
their votes' In that direction.
: Tip to the present time Pat
erson has not been consid
ered an ' element In the fight,
but the news from the Demo
cratic .camp, coming as.it
does from a warm supporter
of the attorney, leads to the
belief that he will become a
candidate and that Lang
ford's offer, -is made as an
Inducement (or the anti-
Durns forces to give him
their I support.
would not go to London, but their lega\
advisers have counseled them that Gov
ernor Taylor, had no right to adjourn. the
Legislature from Frankfort, and it is
likely that the matter will be tested in
the courts before any circumstances
can arrive which would call for the ar
reßt of . the , members. The Democrats
have not, in fact, decided what they
will do; •
-All the day the shadow of the death ot
Mr. Goebel h.ung over the Capitol Hotel.
His strength began to fail him late in th«
morning. Th 6 bustle' and excitement of
the, morning, which, despite all precau
tions, penetrated into his quiet room, haa
a serious effect upon him. At noon it was
declared that he could live but a short
time and at ¦ 1 o'clock it was \ said that
death was upon him. The halls and stair
ways were filled with people who sat tn
silence, expecting to hear at any moment
that the . end »had come. The afternoon
wore away, however, and as evening
drew oosn s he seemed to gain new strength
and appeared distinctly better* 'He r was
never for a moment unconscious and
never did his. courage abate for an .In
stant. He called for a clergyman during
the afternoon arid Rev. P. F. Taleferro
and Prison Chaplain Wallace were twice
with hini. Later a clerical friend residing
a short distance in the country came in
and 'remained for van hour at, his bedside.
The • physicians declared that, there was
nothing -that, could have kept him up so
long but his ; wonderful nerve , and will
power. .They a gave absolutely no hope
and said- that death at the farthest could
not be farther, away than a few hours. .
Frankfort was quiet in the extreme to
day. Many of the saloons ' were closed
BOER WAR CROPS UP
IN UPPER -HOUSE
IT PRECIPITATES A UVELY
DEBATE.
Adjournment Resolution Will Not Be
:y! : Considered Until After
, To-Night's Caucus.
Special Dispatch to The. Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. ! SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 31.— The proceedings of the
Senate to-day were, not 'characterized -by
any unusual excitement. A pro-Boer res-
BARD IS INVITED TO
RE-ENTER THE CONTEST
TAYLOR'S APPEAL
TO THE PEOPLE
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Jan. n.-Oovernoi
Taylor this afternoon Issued the following
address to the people:*
To the Peopl» of Kentucky: .The n«t la
mentable condition of affairs «rer exp«rl«tre«<S
by our people haa rendered prompt action oe
the part of the chief executive of - th.* Stat*
absolutely necessary.*
A long aeries of unprecedented and unlawful
actn practiced by thoee in charge pf tie leg
islative Interests of our State haa culminated
In the most fearful condition of th« period t«
th« State. The dreadful tragedy which oc
curred yesterday -"shocked and startled all. an<J
can be no mew sincerely deplored by any on«
than myself.
To attempt to legislate under such condition*
of excitement and threatened violence aa not*
prevails In Frankfort woyld be sheer madness,
and I have, therefore. In the exercise of my
constitutional powers adjourned the Legislatur*
to convene In London. Ky.. on February 8.
• I have taken every precaution to preserve th«
peace, that every citizen may know that U'«
aridJ. property .are safe, and will b« protected
with every resource of the commonwealth. I
trust that la this laudable effort I will bay«
the support of every law-abiding citizen cf
Kentucky. WILLIAM S. TAYLOR.
...__ Governor of Kentucky.
Will Mine in China.
Special Dispatch ta Th* Call
VANCOUVER. B. C, Jan. 31.— A Phila
delphia party of capitalists will leave for
China to-morrow by the Empress of Ja
pan to investigate a large mineral prop
erty In Western China. R. H. Parker U
at the head of the party, with F. Sut
terle and L. Z. Garrison of Philadelphia
and Louis Spitzel, a noted expert from
London. They will go on a three, months'
overland trip, and will thoroughly pros
pect large coal fields on which they have
an option. The proposition Is to open
large mines on the banks of the Yang
ise River and with modern machinery
produce coal to supply the demand of
tarero Chinesellnt^rfbr ci*i*»s. Gold show-
Ings will alsobe tested, "afte party will b«
absent a year. »
LIST OF LEGISLATORS
CLAIMED BY BURNS
/^\ ALL' HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 31. —Burns has been so hard
y^y pressed by his own followers who are on the verge of desertion to produce some proof
that hie is in the race that- he has been compelled to submit a list of men whose support
is claimed. To-night he -was 1 . forced to make 'a show-<iown, and here, is a list of the men
claimed by the Mexican:
>* , '.'. '. . ¦•.'. ¦ „-. • * .
¦ *';•.', • SENA T OF\S. -?'.¦• _
BETTMAN, ... CUTTER, - :-. DICKINSON", HOEY, JONES,
LEAVITT, LAIRD, . HAGGARD, MOREHOTJSE, . NUTT,
SHORTRIDGE, SIMPSON, TROUT.
ASSEMBLYMEN.
ANDERSON, ARNERICH, . ATHERTON, BARRY,
BEECHER, • ' CARGILL, CHYNOWETH, COSPER,
DALE, DE LANCIE, DIBBLE, COBB,
DEVOTO, HENRY, HUBER, JILSON,
JOHNSON, KELLEY, . KELSEY, , KENNEALLY,
MARVIN, . r McDONALD of Alameda, McKEEN, MERRILL, \
MILICE, MILLER of San Francisco, MILLER of Los Angeles, PIERCE,'
RAUB, .- RICHARD, . WADfc, WRTGHT.
j TOTAL, 45. ' . . ¦
The Call's information is from an inside source and can be accepted by the public
as the claim of strength advanced by Burns to deceive himself and his gullible followers. It
is known to The^Call and to. many of the members of the Legislature that twelve of the men
claimed by Burns to make a showing are absolutely pledged against him. For. example,
Cutter, Morehouse, Anderson and Atherton, who have never entertained the idea of voting
for the colonel, are on ttieilist." Eight other members who are openly opposed to Burns
and have resolved never to vote for him are on the Mexican's list. When the men who are
openly and sincerely opposed to the colonel see their names on the Mexican's list, they will
resent the publication as a reflection on their character and intelligence, and freely vent their
indignation on the newspaper.- The Call, however, is simply publishing the news, and in or
der to obtain all the news, special effort was made to ascertain upon what a slender thread
the Mexican's hopes of success hang. ' . .
. ¦'..¦¦: ¦¦¦¦/-, To-night:^ohe'-of Burns'confidential managers sized up the situation in the colonel's
camp and confessed that. the extreme limit of Burns' strength was thirty-five votes, and that
the vote of ojie man -ofrthe thirty-five depended on a certain contingency. This estimate of
the' thirty-five very^nearly tallies with the figures given by the. stalwarts. Of the eighty-five
Republican members pf:the Legislature, fifty are pledged solemnly and sacredly never to
vote for Burns in caucus. Wright being absent there are-only thirty-four Republicans to be
accounted for, hence the Mexican cannot, get thirty-five unless Wright is brought to the cap
ital. ' There are those among the Burns adherents who do not .look with favor upon the
scheme to adjourn the caucus over to Monday. Speaking of- that proposition to-night, As
semblyman Cobb said: "I do not 'see the necessity for any such adjournment. If we have
got the votes we claim! don't see why tHey should not be shown on the first ballot, and have
done with it.! If we haven't got the votes, I want' a chance to vote^for some one else. What I
want is to see a Senator elected and with as much dispatch and as* little expense as possible,
and I will certainly follow that policy. It's time to. quit politics an'd' be Republicans."
WRIGHT WILL GO
TO SACRAMENTO
Disregards Injuries to
Vote for Burns.
IS ENDANGERING HIS LIFE
?
DISABLED ASSEMBLYMAN WILL
LEAVE ON A STRETCHER. -.-
OAKLAND, Jan. 31.— Assemblyman
Howard Wright will attend the Republi
can caucus . at Sacramento to-morrow
night on a stretcher." His vote is wanted
even though ft result In subsequent death,
and he will be there, against the protest
of Ms physician.
The Assemblyman was struck by an
electric car at the corner of Fifteenth
street and Broadway last Friday morning.
His hip was badly bruised and dislocated
and he sustained a concussion of the
brain, which rendered him unconscious for
nearly a day. He is still at Fabiola Hos
pital and at no time since the accident has
he been able to sit up. It was announced
that he would be taken to Sacramento
to-morrow and he will be taken into the
Republican caucus, even In his injured
condition, so that he may cast his vote,
presumably for the man ! he voted for
during the greater part of the last se
flon. the man who would even sacrifice
the possibility of his recovery for a vote-
Dan M. Burns. Wright announced a few
days ago that h^ intended to go to Sac
ramento and it is apparent' that he is
going to carry out* his promise.
He could not be seen to-night, as he was
suffering from extreme nervousness and
the hospital authorities wanted to keep
him as quiet as possible In preparation for
to-morrow's trio.
"Mr. Wright Is going to Sacramento to
morrow," said Dr. Llliencrantz, his phy
sician, this evening. "His political friends
have insisted upon it and I have been
compelled to yield. I shall bandage him
up in the best way possible and prepare
him for »he trip, which will be a trying
one. If I could control the matter I would
keep him in bed and absolutely quiet. He
is in no condition to be moved at all and
excitement Is extremely dangerous". . The
exigencies of politics appear to. demand
his presence at Sacramento immediately,
however, and I have had my advice ig
nored." • ¦.. • ..••',
The disabled Assemblyman will have
medical attendance and all stimulants
necessary to keep him conscious until the
matter which necessitates his hazardous
trip is disposed of. .--*•. ,.- v t -
HAS NO USE FOR
MAYOR PHELAN
The Good Government
Club Bars Him.
NAME ALMOST CAUSES A RIOT
¦ ?
THAT WATCHFUL INSTITUTION
HAS A STORMY MEETING.
' CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 31.— The session of the Good
Government Club ended to-night almost
in a riot. The- members indulged In a
fiery fusillade of left-handed compliments
at one another and had not calmer coun
sels prevailed one of the Institutions of
the legislative sessions would have been
only a memory. The' row, strangely
enough, was all over a proposition to elect
Mayor Phelan of San Francisco a mem
ber of the club.
.The Good Government Club, as every
one knows, meets in Sacramento during
every session of the Legislature. Its pur
pose, commendable to every devotee of
the higher politics, is to supervise- the
measures introduced in each house, to
keep a watchful eye upon legislation, to
detect the "bugs" and "jokers" in pro
posed laws, and to exercise a kindly In
terest in all legislators, particularly those
from the metropolis. The Good Govern
ment. Club in Its day -has been honored
by many prominent members. When the
president, Sam Rainey. rapped for order
to-night and Secretary Martin Kelly
called the roll the set faces of some of
the members indicated that something of
unusual importance was in the wind. All
the members were present except Dr.
Dille. The indications were perfectly cor
rect. Somebody proposed the name of
Mayor Phelan of San Francisco for mem
bership. Who it was will never be known.
The room was In an uproar. Then the
voice of the secretary was heard. "Elect
that man a member?" he shouted.
"Never: his character is such as to bar
him. Elect a man who makes pledges and
breaks those he can't keep? Elect a man
who stuffs a police commission and then
can't deliver the, goods? Elect a man who
plays both ends against the middle and
then throws everybody down? What are
you thinking about? Have you forgotten
our pledges for good government? • I can
stand a good deal, but I've got to draw
the line . somewhere. I will never sully
the records of this Good Government Club
with that man's name/ • ». ' -.
' This eloquence of the secretary- won the
protest and the club adjourned, with an
avowal never to mention the name of the
Mayor again. And when it was all over
the members. found the president of the
club under the table in a dead faint with
the roll of the Fire Department clutched
in his hand. He had dropped at the
Bound of the Mayor's name. : -.*/* .-• v
ITALIAN GIRL RESCUED
FROM TURKISH HAREM
• CONSTANTINOPLE. Jan. 31.— Owing
to the refusal of the Minister of Justice,
Abdurrahman l'ashu, to hand over the 15
year-old Italian girt Silvia Gemell, who
had been placed in a harem of a Turkish
officer, the Italian Embassador, Slgnor A.
Panzl, sent an ultimatum to the Porte
declaring that unless the girl were sur
rrndeied to the Italian Embassy to-day,
diplomatic relations between the two
. governments would be ruptured. Al
though the Minister of Justice contends
that the girl has embraced Islamism, she
was late this afternoon conducted. to :the
Itali&n Embassy and given over to her
father. .; ¦• .-
Ferro Acquitted.
& aN JOSE. Jan. 3L— The Jury 'In the
case of Luigi Ferro, charged with the
*nurder of Giovanni de Rossi on the 27th
of November last, came Into court late
thlx afternoon with a verdict of not eulHy.
_^y^E^Syg^f^^|jßw^^ ' who" Buffers
INfl JlizS^-vSK^^^^kSSl vunkezv •>••»«
ill f I i !SssbQI^bEBSS^S9ibIb«bMPSI ««¦*#* Jt^mAw* hI.
£%S'' l sT«^ ;^H?safil c I • • under
||i 1 1 ygagafrtiv -feyi^ «ye«. nj. i:
fsig^*£3jv^*"' y T^rTlB^'*^ face, Fltf." tl
r sß^^^«''''^'^M tonirue aa<3 of-
\\ le&y^iifettjaigjy^fltfe*-**" d* ° r d * r * t *
y K^rA- "• / jSI?KM^iLKS^ r - isia stomach, Wig.
JSj>SS~~*fflffifi™**rS^^^ thehel?. HUD-
c a.v » * it
s^^^^ strengt-h ens
• the nerves and
_ . , •-¦¦ nerve centers.
Other BymDtoms of nerve weakness are dla-
xy spells, tendency to faint, coativenena and
general t weakness. HTJDYAN corrects, a.ll
these symptoms. -v- - .y-r mlA
Nerra weakness In women la usually "due to
female complaint. HUDTAN reaches the seat
cf the trouble. HTJDTAX cures tfaln'ln back
bearing-down pains and air chronic lnSamm&l
ttons and ulceratlons. HVDTAN. you see re-
moves the cause, thereby making the cures
permanent.
HCDYAN Is for weak, pale/ emaciated, saf-
renng women. It. restores .to such women ; a
r mi?v 11 P Jr r( ', Ct , health; U cures P«"n*nentry.
HXDXAN. v for . sale - by druwlsU-SOo a
packse, or stx packages for- *2 50.
If ..your druggist does not Seep HCDTAN
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO
corner Stockton, Ellis and Market street*. San
Francisco. Cal. ¦-...-
I CONSULT V Consult Fri« tho
] -FREE. I Hadyan Doctors. Csrfl
* ¥ op writs to them.
CAPEMOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS, j?
SAVE GOLI>-Krogh Mf». C 0... 9 /Sfevenson
st. Amalgamators. Sand Centrtfuafal Pumps-
ENGINES, BOILERS. ETC-
BAKEIt & HAMILTON, Engines and BoHtrs;
lowest prices ©or the coast. Pine & Darts sts.
2
GOEBEUSPP
IN AS GOVERHOR718 Market St. enndi Gor. Powell and 'Eddy.
veals the fierceness of the Boer attack
and the terrific havoc wrought by,the en
emy's shells. When the Boers wereflrsv
seen they were IQOO yards away. They
then descended into a hollow. . When next
It was possible to see them they were
only seventy- : yards off, and our foremost
line sought shelter behind rocks. At this
stage the first Boer shell burst and tho
order "was given for one regiment to re
tire to the edge of the kopje, where there
was more cover. The order was miscon
strued, by some in the foremost trenches,
who fell back. The Boers seized this op.
portunlty and rushed the trenches, cap
turing a few men. This mistake was ob
served, a. bayonet charge followed and
the Boers fled. Two of their Maxlni-
Nordenfeldts commenced to drop 'shells
among us, doing terrible damage. The
Boer riflemen noticing the havoc wrought
attempted to creep close up on two occa
sions, only to be driven back with loss.
As they retreated they appealed to our
men to surrender. Our response was a
volley.
The formation of the hilltop Is like a
table, a mile long and a quarter of a mile
broad. The shorter side alone was availa
ble for rifle fire. The firing party which
responded to the Boer attack was neces
sarily small. The remainder of bur force
was scattered about, seeking shelter.
LADYSMITH GARRISON
IS IN GOOD CONDITION
L.ADYSMITH. Sunday, Jan. 2S (hello
grraphed' to Swartzkop. near the .Tugela
River).— Thp° news of tho prolongation of
the siege, resulting from General Buller's
failure, is received' with fortitude. We
can hold on. The garrison is healthier,
THE CALL'S ;
Home-Stufly Circle.
SEYMOUR EATON, Director. .
NEW COURSES.
SPRING TERM 1900.
Beginning Thursday, February
16, 1900.
I. American Political Parties
11. Twenty Lessons in French
Conversation
111. Recent Scientific Discoveries
IV. Golden Ages of Literature :
V. Photography for Amateurs
Vl.° Biographioal Studies for Girls
The lecture* . and lessons of - the - several
courses are published - dally . In ' the Ban
Francieco Call. . Address all correspondences
to Manarer Home Study Circle, San Fran-
cisco Call.
•; This sale is for a limited time
only-until all the cloth of this pur-
chase is gone. • '
These- suits and overcoats are
made to your order in any of % the
eight styles below which you may
Sack Suits
Single-breasted, plain lapels.
Double-breasted* plain lapels.
Single-breasted, silk facing; high-cut, double-breasted
Double-breasted, silk facing on lapels. See the upper
picture.
Cutaways
* Cutaway frocks, \vell tailored, fit assured, good selec-
tion of dressy cloths to choose from.
The Strand is similar to the cutaway frock, but is
shorter and has outside pockets. Makes a dressy business
suit.
Box overcoat, fashionably tailored, fits like the high-
priced overcoat— see lower picture. Good selection of
light-colored cloths.
Winter overcoat, knee length, stylish material, velvet
collar.
Ep^cial Cable to Th« Call and New York Her
ald. Cepyrirbted, isoo. by James Gordon
Bennett.
LONDON, Feb. I.— ln the naval dr^
clcs of Portsmouth there Is a
strong impression that before, long
the Government will mobilize/A re
serve squadron and commission
(t*v*>ral cruisers to be added to It. This lm
pre-sslon •is borne out by the fact that
r.aval officers who are unemployed hava
b«*en notified to held themselves In readl
npps to proceed on active service at short
notice.
All the wcrk on phips In hand at Ports-
| ¦ ; -^^/J '
Instead of your buying a suit
or overcoat for $17.50 or there-
about suppose you order one of
ours for $13.50. When it comes
down to value they are equal.
We are sure that our $13.50 gar-
ments are equal to the ordinary
$17.50' goods ;'
We. purchased the cloth for this
sale before the trade prices went up
so high: In some cases we saved
50 per cent through this.
Now we are making the suits
and overcoats at a special price.
Considering this you can readily
see the saving in purchasing one of
these $13.50 garments.
- LONDON, Feb. 1, 4a. m.— The . supplemental lists of casualties fill two columns in nonpareil type
in the morning papers, making 1300 reported thus far from General Buller's operations north of the
Tugela: The Daily Chronicle estimates that the total exceeds 2000. The 40 per cent loss at Spion Kop is
greater than any British force ever suffered, except possibly at Albuera, Spain, in 1811.
. The Admiralty has warned all half-pay naval officers to hold themselves in readiness for service.
This, with the fact that able seamen not thoroughly experienced have been withdrawn from the Chan
nel squadron, is taken to indicate the early mobilization of the reserve fleet, especially "A" division.
called another Cabinet council, which will
meet Friday or- Saturday to consider. the
situation. Public spirits are . at a very
low ebb.
FIRING HAS CEASED
AROUND LADYSMITH
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right, 1900. by James Gordon Bennett. Re
• publication of this dispatch is prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United Statea and
Great Britain.! ; ' , ; ; *jL',~
LONDON, Feb. I.— This dispatch from
its special correspondent is published in
the Daily Mall:
LADYSMITH (by heliograph to Zwarts
Kop). Monday.— There has been a cessa
tion of firing since Thursday and relief Is
expected daily.
LOSSES OF BOERS
AT SPION KOP
PRETORIA, Monday, Jan. 29.— 1t is offi
cially announced that the Boer casual
ties at Spion Kop were fifty-three men
killed and 120 wounded. Webster Davle.
Assistant Secretary of the Interior at
Washington, accompanied by the United
States Consul. Hollls. and the State At
torney, started to-day for the Boer head
laager at Ladysmith In the President's
salon carriage.
BRITISH SUBJECTS
MUST HELP BOERS
CAPE TOWN. Jan. 31.— Kimberley heli
ographed to the Modder River Friday,
January 26, that all the British subjects
in the Barkleywest district had been or
dered by the Boers to take up arms for
the republic under a penalty of £37 or
three months at hard labor. About 300
men are affected by this order.
ZOLA ACQUITTED.
Libel Suit Brought by the Petit Jour
nal Decided Adversely.
PARIS. Jan. 3L— The court before which
the case was tried to-day acquitted M.
Zola In the libel suit brought against him
by M. Ernest Judet of the Petit Journal,
arising from M. Zola's declaration In re
ply to M. Judet's accusations against M.
Zola's father that the letters published
In the Petit Journal were forgeries or
willfully garbled. M. Zola was fined in
default at the first hearing of the suit
during his flight to England.
Samples freely given. If out of town, write for sample catalogue No. 2.
COUNTRY
IS DENUDED
OF TROOPS
Resolution Expressing Con
fidence in the Orovern
ment Defeated.
SO MOVES ON FIELD
. '
According to Latest Information
the Retirement From Spion Eop '
Was Inevitable.
ADVTBTTSEMZSTS.
Are more than a disfigurement of the
skin; they are a handicap to a young
nan, alike in lore and business.* The
pimply face looks dissipated and both
merchant and maiden look askance at
the unfortunate fellow whose face is his
misfortune. An al- - 1
most certain cure J
for pimples and f*«a
eruptions i 6 found ' Jn * VjL . I
cause of ordinary fan SPhV*^
eruptive diseases, BmjSaaH^^^im
cleans* the skin
and builds up the
tains neither alco- /ffic^jßj&j^lJlfjgf^
hoi nor narcotics.
writes John A. Callo- (\^^JB|raMflßßr*"*>
workirjj et night and iv^Xflf iIIHS /V/u
I broke out in lumps J^jJJ^Sl^y ™
p^r-lrd off. I tool; six Frj&fl
Medical Discovery,' JjF^m
Pi«x«'« Pcllrt«, and M^V^
I do brlie-rr th«t I ' *t^^
«a «onad and well, i htrc a .ppetlte. bot
before I commenced treatment I bad no appirtite
at all. My eyes were suakea and ray face mi
pale. I had pimples and brown «poU on my
lace. How theie are all foae. I hare used
many kinds of mediciaes but received no bene-
fit. Last year I weighed one hnndred and
thirty-foor jKnmda, and now I weigh one hun-
dred and forty-five. Please accept vox thanks.
I am to plad I found the right kind of medicine .«
Dr. Pierce'f Medical Adviser sent free
on receipt of stamps to pay expense of
mailing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for book in paper covers, or 31 stamps for
cloth, to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
denuded of troops, the steps taken by
the Admiralty have much meaning. Un
der ordinary circumstances the ships of
the channel squadron, which have been
refitting at Portsmouth, Devonport and
Chatham would leave about this time for
th«>ir usual spring cruise. The Admiralty
recognizes the defenseless condition of
the country and the squadron will pro
ceed to Ireland for a short cruise, so as
to be near at h^nd In case of need.
In the meantime J*-jis likely that the
reserve squadron woula be mobilized ready
to stand sentinel at Portland when Vice
Admiral lUiwson takes his powerful fleet
from Ireland to Gibraltar, its usual ren
dezvous when political clouds gather.
At a meeting of the members of the
House of Commons who have served in
th« navy or army a resolution expressing
absolute conflder.ee In whatever measures
the Government might think necessary
was defeated, only two voting for It.' The
meeting adopted instead a resolution urg
ing the Government-lo take steps at once
for the formation of a force consisting of
infantry, cavalry and artillery for^ the
purpose of home defense.
On the field of war there Is 'no appar
ent change In the situation. Nd'dispatches
stating new moves reached London yes
terday, although there were rumors from
Natal that another attempt to relieve
Ladysmith would be made.
The War Office^ announced that it had
received no confirmation of the report that
General Buller. had said to. the, 6 troops that
he hoped to be In Lady smith within a
week.
According to the latest Information, the
retirement from Spion Kop seems £o have
been Inevitable. When reinforcements
and a few guns arrived during the night
the position still held by the British forces
was so confined that the various reg
iments were huddled together and It' was
impossible in the darkness to make proper
arrangements to meet the storm of shell
and bullrts that daylight would bring
upon them. z ¦ '
From General Bullcr*« force there Is no
further Information "except that the big
guns were Ktill at Mount Alice on Sunday,
with Lyttelton's brigade covering them.
Generals French, Kelly-Kenny and Gat
acre in Csp<v Colony are pushing out their
mounted men toward each other. If there
la any effort on, the part of the Boers in
the Zoutberg district to drive Kelly-
Kenny back the forces on the east and
west will do what they can to threaten
the flanks of the advancing Boers.
It is not likely that any severe fighting
will take place for pome time in this sec
tion. The Boers atColesberg. Stelnsberg
and Stormberg seem to be content if they
can keep the British troops In check while
Cronje operates between. Modder River
and Klmberley.
TROOPS WERE SCATTERED
BY THE BOERS' SHELLS
[Special OMf tn the Xew York Horald. Copy
right. 19**. by James Gordon Bennett. H>
publ I ration of. this dispatch Is prohibited
All rights reserved In the United States and
Great nrlUtn.J v
LONDON. Feb. I.— This dispatch from
Its special correspondent is published In
the Daily Mail:
SPEARMANS CAMP. Monday, Jan. 29.
— Conversation ' with our men who were
on the fiffhtln£ lines at Spion Kop re*
cheery and confident. Disease Is disap
pearing and there Is no horse sickness.
The rains give plenty of grass. We can
hear General Buller's guns still -working,
and it Is rumored In camp, that .he is ad
vancing -along another line. The Boer
laagers around are again full of men who
have returned from the Upper ¦ Tugela.
The Boers have also taken up a new po
sition-on the hills near Colenso, where
they are In great force. Reinforcements
are apparently arriving from the Trans
vaal. Large bodies of Boers are also vis
ible between here and Potgieters Drift. •
BOERS NOW EXECRATE
THE AFRIKANDER BUND
LONDON, Feb. I.— The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Dally Mail says:
"Evidence is accumulating, that' some
thing beyond a tacit understanding ex
isted between the Boer executives and the
Inner circle of the Afrikander Bund con
cerning what should follow the ripening
rebellion at the outbreak of war. Fully
5000 colonial Dutchmen have Joined the
enemy. The Boers, however, believed
that this number would be multiplied
tenfold. Consequently the Afrikander
Bund is now execrated at Pretoria and
Bloemfontein." _
SICK AND WOUNDED
ARE WELL CARED FOR
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 31.— Field Marshal
Lord Roberts authorizes the representa
tives of the Associated Press to say that
as a result of his inspection of the hos
pital service here,- he is perfectly riatis
fied that everything medical "skill sug
gests for the benefit and comfort of the
sick and wounded has been done. He i 3
satisfied the home authorities are sending
out all the nurses who, will possibly be
required. '¦ - - -• -
ADDITIONAL CASUALTY
LIST FROM SPION KOP
LONDON, Jan. 31.— The War Office has
issued an additional casualty list of the
battle of Spion Kop, January 24, and of
the engagements at Ventere Spruit. Janu
ary 1" and- January 20. The additional
list numbers 139 men killed, 391 wounded
and 63 missing, a total of 593. With 174
additional casualties given for the fight
ing at Ventere Spruit, the total loss since
the beginning of the war is placed at £K>5S
men.
MUCH OPPOSITION TO
THE MASON RESOLUTION
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— The Mascn
resolution In the interest of the Bo«r-re
public received attention at the hands of
the Senate Committee on Foreign Rela
tions to-day. There .was not a full at
tendance of members and definite action
upon it was postponed. The sentiment of
the committee as expressed by those
present was practically unanimously op
posed to action because of the effect upon
other rations than the two involved In
the African- war. This expression was so
general as to make quite certain that no
affirmative action will be .taken on the
resolution.
DULL DAY IN THE
HOUSE OF COMMONS
LONDON. Jan. 31.— There was an utter
lack of interest in to-day's debate in-the
House of Common?, j At no time was the
public gallery well filled. ' The speeches
were . academic, traveled in deep- worn
ruts, aiididld hot-touch upon the future,
in which, alone ;the. public is much inter
ested.' The only- sign of animation during
the, ..whole session was when Sir Robert
Thrcshie Reig attacked the South Afri
can committee, drawing forth cries from
the Irish members of "Publish the
Hawkesley letters."
A. J. Balfour. replying to the sugges
tions of Sir John Ilenry-Kennaway, Con
servative merriber for the-Honlton divis
ion of: Devonshire, said he regretted that
it would be contrary to precedent to cur
tail, the debate, as the amendment was a
vote of censure upon which the fate of
the Government depends.
William St. John Broderick, Under Sec
retary of Foreign Affairs, closed to-day's
debate.' He generally traversed the in
dictments of the opposition, which h*
characterized as "Immortal" at such a
time- as the present. No Conservative, he
added, defended the .raid, from which, he
claimed, the" 'Government had suffered
more than' onybody. .because, when the
raid was precipitated President Kruger
"had almost reached the end of his,tether
with his own burghers en account of his
treatment of Uitlanders."
House then adjourned.
BOERS PLAN TO FLOOD
THE TOWN OF LADYSMITH
LONDON, Feb. I.— The correspondent of
the Times at' Lourenzo Marquez, tele
graphing yesterday,, says: . "Information
has been, received Here from the.Trans
vaal that the War Department, convinced
that it would 'be useless to storm Lady
smith and that the bombardment will
continue Ineffective, has decided upon a
change of tactics. Huge quantities of
limber and sandbags and hundreds of
.Kaffirs have been sent 'from Johannes
burg and Pretoria for the purpose of
flamming Klip River some miles below
Ladysmlth. tho idea being to flood the»
town>and to 'drive the soldiers and Inhabi
tants out of the bombproof caves, so as to
expose them to shell fire."
'.'The Portuguese authorities are at last
exercising stricter surveillance. The Gov
ernor hns notified the Consuls that they
must personally guarantee that applicants
for passports are not going to assist the
Boer army before passports v/ill be grant
ed. .It is rumored- that he has also con
veyed a hint to -Herr Pott, the Transvaal
Consul, of serious consequences if he con
tinues to infringe the neutrality of the
port." " '.'."-'¦'.¦:'¦'. '•','"'¦ - . * .
GENERAL BULLER DEFENDS
COLONEL THORNYCROFT
LONDON, Jan. 31.— General Buller tele
grraßhs from Spearmans Camp under to
day's ; date that Colonel Thornycroft
was the officer who ordered the retire
ment from Spion Kop. General Buller
adds: "It Is due to him to say that I be
lieve his personal gallantry saved a diffi
cult .situation -early January 24, and that
under a lossof;at least 40 per cent he
directed the defense with- conspicuous
courape and ability- throughout the day.
No blame whatever for the withdrawal
Is in my opinion, attributable to him,
and I think his conduct throughout was
admirable."; "•-'_••
NARROW ESCAPE OF
COLONEL THORNYCROFT
„ LONDON. -Feb. I.— A dispatch to the
Times from Pletermarltzburg, dated Sun
day' last, says: "Colonel : Thornyoioft
had a narrow, escape last week.'? He- went
to meet a Boer flag of truce.' which Hsked
a parley, but, having become suspicious,
he told the Boer commandant that he
would not parley. Both retired and the
Boers fired a- volley. ; the colonel "only
escaping in. consequence of the Boers',
bad shooting."
B ULLER STILL HOLDS
THE TUGELA DRIFTS
' CAPE TOWN, Tuesday, Jan. 30.—Gen
eral Buller £,till ' holds : the Tugela drifts,
and will possibly renew his attempt to
force his way through the Boer defenses
before long. ¦ In any case, < Ladysmlth Is
capable of . holding out for a considerable
time.
CABINET COUNCIL CALLED.
LONDON. Feb. L— Lord Salisbury has
ENGLISH NAVY IS RAPIDLY MOBILIZING FOR HOME DEFENSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1900.
mouth Is being pushed with all speed.
Only the most necessary repairs on sev
eral cruisers, now refitting, have been
taken In hand.
That the channel squadron should at the
last moment have been retained In Brit
ish waters, instead of being Bent direct
to Gibraltar, Is also considered a sign that
some Important step may be taken. The
squadron remains for ten days or a fort
night at Bantry and then proceeds to
Suda Bay or Gibraltar. ..
Under these circumstances, and In view
of the fact that with the departure of the
Eighth division and Fourth cavalry brig
ade. Great Britain would be practically
j! ill 3 j , 1
visit OR- JORDAN'S great,'
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
gfe isn loinr ci.tct titTx cr.ca , >
Of The Larff «t * r.«tomic»l Mutetm in the
W'odd. Vc««r<— -r» « any contracted j
ap-y POT <J>»r«« p«llltrlrr«i»Jhy theoldsrt '
IKHi ipea*liar«tfa» Cotu. tsLjtyeart 4
*Z& 8 0R - J ORDAH~PRIYATE DISEASES <
I vJS^I Co»«ult»tM>n Irr* tnd strictly priTitr \
I jS«t ¦ n "¦>"« p«Tior«Hy or by lrrter. A m
I W <3 • P—.tn* Cm m rrtrf uk imdcTUkn, T
rff US> w n:«'« Bo«k. rmji.ftmurmv *r A
* I It* BAaBUSE, MAU-EO FKJhB. (AT
, A £ vtlutbie book far mraj \
PH. JUBDAK A CO.. 2031 lUrket 8t..& F. f
En ' n to m, \ B Brw. 9 1 fl m -^9
Ii * ¦vJtj vif fflr %Jf £jL r *. * 8
3rfel I V~ C* Completely eradicated with-
\M 11 X out cuttlnx or tyln*. Nj
I 11— ¦ * » cur*, no osjr. Tot tnfcmn*-
¦ 'tlon sddrcas B. T. RECTAX.
» — b— m INSTITUTE. 1170 M*rk»t.
Fire Started to Destroy Plague-Infected Houses Gets
Beyond Control and Thousands of -..Asiatics Are
Now Homeless—Troops Called Out to Check a Riot.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE WHEEL WORLD KNOWS
THAT
BICYCLES
ARE THE BEST.
1900 Model Clevelands, highest
grade....® 4O Ano SSO
LEAVITT sTb.LL,
309LARK1N STREET,
20 San Pablo avo., Oakland*
Oata e*eniags. Old wheels taksa U sxeiings.
Men Only!
. __— ?-
CONTRACTED
AILMENTS
PERMANENTLY
CURED.
PHYSICAL
DECAY
PERMANENTLY
RESTORED.
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
** 18 YEARS'
SUCCESSFUL
EXPERIENCE.
NO PAY
TILL CURED.
FREE
CONSULTATION
drjTeyers & co.,
731 MARKET ST., S. W.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR.
Dmlly. 8 to S.
HOCUS: |EY«>n!n*9. 1 to 9.
(Sundays. » to 11-
were put Into the church. A company of c
I'nlted States soldiers cleared the side
walks and did guard and patrol duty
about the church. The people of Hono
lulu brought boiled rice and other pro
visions and the refugees were all com
fortably fed quite early In the evening.
On Sunday they were made as comfort
able as possible under the circumstances.
The value of property burned Is esti
mated at not less than f 2,000,000. The
burned territory consisted of eleven whole
blocks and parts of five others, covering
an area of about thirty acres between
Nuuanu and River streets and Kukul
street and the harbor front.
At the Arlington Hotel on January 17
a Japanese servant girl developed symp
toms of the plague. The place was placed
in quarantine, which was raised on Jan
uary 24, the morning of the sailing of the
steamer Australia.
From December 12, 1599, to January 24,
IMO. fifty cases of plague were treated.
Forty-two died and two are up and get
ting better.
On January 18 all tramcars • were con
demned as unsanitary and ordered by the
Be.ard of Health to cease . operations.
The day before the fire of last Satur
day the Council of State, upon the recom
mendation of the Board of Health, was
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU. Jan. 24.— Honolulu's j
Chinatown is purged by fire. That
plague-spot Is a thing of the past.
As a result the bubonic plague is
now believed to be under control.
It Is expected that a few sporadic cases
Mill develop in the next few days as a di
rect result of Chinatown contamination,
but beyond that nothing more serious is
looked for. . j
On Saturday morning, January 21. 1300. j
the Honolulu Fire Department proceeded
to the corner of Boretania and Nauanu
streets, in the quarantined district, to
burn a portion of block, 15 by order of the
Board of Health. They fir»>d a building
en Beretania street, intending to have the
fire back up against the wind, which was
blowing from the northeast. The entire
Fire Department and four engines were
en hand to prevent the fire breaking away
from their control. One engine was placed j
at tlie corner of Beretania and Mauna- .
kea streets, in readiness to extinguish j
any fire that might result from flying em- |
.bere All went well for a time, but sud
denly the wind- freshened, and the fire
with it. The high wind carried burning
embers over into burned block No. 10. At
last one of the embers was lodged on the
eastern tower of Kaumakapill Church,
netting it afire.
Unfortunately the Fire Department was !
unable to force th<? water to a height suf- i
flciont to reach the new blaze, which was
consequently permitted to burn its way
into the church. The edifice was packed
with the most valuable and rich Chinese
and Japanese mcrchandt&e brought thcie I
lor temporary safe-Keeping, and later i
fumigation and disinfection. It is deeply i
regretted that this fine old church haa to <
go It was the most historic of all re
ligious landmarks.
NVxt the Chinese jos?-house, near the i
church, was afire >. and panic and terror
seized almost every r«s=ictnt in the <tuju
antined district. With cries and ye'ls
they went racing through the streets,
eprea'djug the alarm, and soon the streets
twarmtd with Chinese and Japanese car
rying sucn cf their belongings as ihey
cared most in save. The rtatnes spread
more and more, and swept toward the
river and the harbor front.
It was now evident tnat nothing could
ctnp the advonce of the fire; that all
Chinatown was doomed. The breakaway
cf the fire was so strong and eudden that
the Fire Department was «-o;npeHed to
atandon the tiro engine stationed that
mcrning as an extra ¦precaution at the
corner cf Maunakea and Beretania
streets, and it v.as instantly enveloped la
Harness and destroyed.
When the firemen realized the confla
gration was neyond their control th»'>
bent all their, efforts to ciieck it in its
course. Thpy-ran their; hose down the
ttreets, citizens helping, and threw watet
on the bnUdlnsfc er.dr.r.grred. but to no
purpose. The heat absorbed the water,
arc then the lire secured a new hold on
the tinder-dry houses and swept on until
it burned itself out. at the harbor front.
Dynamite was resorted to to blov up
houses to check the fire, but the effort
was of no avai;.
When the first alarm was rpread that
the fire was i;«?yond control, the Chinese
and Japanese wt-re seized by a frenzy of
rage and terror that alracst terminated .n
a riot. Over 7000 Chinese were confined In
the quarantin-wl burned district. When
they rc-MSzed the danger, of losing t.ieir
home? and belongings arid possibly their
lives they gathered into bundles as 'arge
as they could drag away their most
valued belongings and endeavored to
break through the quarantine lines. Ih-s
fuard lines n?ld, and loud calls wnt "i-j
r.to the city for help to hold back the
frenzied horde. ''
The National Guard responded prompt
ly Citizens were armed with -ax ".nd
p"lck handles and went immediately to the
assistance of the puard. Hut- for tli^-e
reinforcements' the crazed Asiatics vouid
have overrun Honolulu's plaguc-freo ter
ritory like a pestilence. Srorts and r - sl »u
r.ess* house? were closed and the vrhole
force went to the front. Even women
rtocd shoulder to shoulder with the men
to prevent the carrying of infection imo
their homes. . . ;¦ .•.¦/•.
The unhappy people were taken in ii.na
by the police" and guards and mass-nl en
King and Nuuanu streets. The scenes
here witnessed were heartrending. Me.i,
women and children huddled together In
a denst? mass, wom^n crying for their
husbands or lost children, children crying
for parents lost while the men were ready
to light to get out ar.d look for their r-cp- ,
aratcd families. It took more than foiee
to keep these passions within controllable
hounds. Trore wat nee-d of compaesion.
pity and sympathy, ar.d had not tn f*^
!&?S?Jfifi sffft?BJ to 1 toii
to the efficier.t work of the Chinese Oon
pul. who, in "he red robe of his office,
with voice arrA hand j?oothed and quieted
the populace, explaining to : them the ne
cessity of the step? tr ken and assuring
the-n that acquiescence meant peace,
pafetv and justice for them. Later in the
evening. v.hon they were being sorted and
counted at Kawair.hao church his pres
ence did much to stave off riot and get a
peaceful ending to thr drama of the day.
The problem of holding together and
taking care of the homeless people was a
serious one. Mutual helpfulness was
t-hown by citizens and- officials join.ns
hands in" the succor of the unfortunates.
It wa." decided to temporarily quarter
thpm at Kalihi and Kakaako (the deten-.
tion camps i. the kerosene warehouse, the
drill Fbed. Kawaiahao church and Thom
as square. The removal was a task ef-.
fected without serious trouble. Consider
ing the lnter.se nervous strain the Asiatics
behaved wonderfully well. When ordered
to take xzp the march under guard to the
temporary camps assigned them they did
so Vlthout disorder. With guards on
fither Fide they mr.rchert with a quick
j-'tep. carrying thr-'.r 'bundles, trunks or
children oh their backs. Articles of the
most lnconceivnb'e description wore.car
ried by all able to do so. The line of
march wac from Beretania street down
Nuuanu into King to the Kawaiahao
church.
Over 4000 were quartered here, a large
number later being removed to other
ramps. Tent? were rai. c e<i In the lnclosure
for the men.' Th* •women and children
Too many politicians axe dead to rights.
TWO MILLION DOLLAR BLAZE
RAZES HONOLULU'S CHINATOWN
yc^iW6*ws«os«s»z*o»oewws*^^ ; »
W. HONOLULU, H. I, Jan. 24, 1900. fi
g Office of the Board of Health, Honolulu/ H. X. |
S Beport of cases of bubonic plague: H
S Cases. Deaths. Nationality. »
S Week ending December 16, 1899 .\ 2 2 Chinese. 1 W
g / __ — S. S. Islander 1* g
§ Total .22 I
gog o
g- Week ending December 23, 1899 .- . .1 .' 1 Norwegian A
§ Week ending December 30; 1899 .\ 6 5 Chinese 5 g
g'¦ __..—¦ Hawaiian 1 ... !§
§•' ; ..Total ; . . . , : . ? . .-. . . '.'.': .98 ;|
Week ending January" 6, 1900 ... 12 8 Chinese 7 g
X . Total ?..... .. . . ... 21 .16 Japanese 3 p
« Week ending January 13, 1900 . .13 11 Chinese 4 H
»' Total 34 27 Japanese 2 A
g Week ending January 20, 1900 . . 12 11 American 1 o
§ 'Total . ............ 46 33 Hawaiian 4 g
*A To and including Jan. 24, 1900 . . 4 4 Chinese 2
S, . - — — Japanese 2 %%
§ Total , .50 42 g
8 " ' C. B. REYNOLDS, g
X ' . ' Executive Officer Board of Health. S
a ¦' -. • a
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBBUABY 1, 1900.
ahnut Both were in a stupor from the
tfficts of wine, and the officer handcuffed
them before they awoke. He inarched
!S! m hlVkto Davisville and recovered
Jhl plSnder except what they had eaten
In* Srunk They gave the names of WU
flSm Jeffries anl foseph Hughe 3 .
$ ..- t
OUR CREDIT 'A
9 DEPARTMENT IS
[Open I
I to A 11.... •
t No restriction. O
O . No extra charge. |
I One customer makes o
• many others. What bet- |
I ter endorsement? ©
7 Chicago Tailoring Go,, •
• 1816 Market St. f
I Open Evenings. ©
7 ;
• • • ••-•-»-• • •¦•
FURNITURE BUYERS !
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN ALL LINES OF •
FURNITURE. CARPETS. LINOLEUMS.
MATTINGS. ETC..
From 19 to 10 per cent on account of enlarging
store. Must make room for new goods*. Try
my credit system. The only liberal credit
house on the Coast.
Estimates given on complete housefurnlshingr.
Prices lower than ever.'
TV BRILLIANT.
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Powell and Stockton sts.
Open evenings.
Free delivery Oakland and suburbs.
iflciJi
There Is nothlnc Hks EL.ECTRICITT to put
lite vim and Tlsor Into weak men or women.
Drug* give but temporary relief; act merely v
a stimulant, but Electricity flies to alt weak
parts ct the body. Imparting nature's fore*
thereto aod doing the required work surely aai
In a permanent manner. If "run down" lt»
health and strength ycu had betteT try Elec-
tricity Us* an Electric Belt, for that Is th*
beet method of "PPlyln* It: but be sure you g-t
a good one while you are about It: In short, try
"Dr Plerco's." for It Is guaranteed to t» th*
bent" Electric Belt on earth.
ITT "Booklet No. T' free at of flee- or sent by
mail for » !e rtamp. tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
CO Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
18 Tribune Building. NEW TORK.
Eye=Glasses
Ar» now worn- with our, new clip ' because they
are thoroughly comfortable. Don't slip, tilt or
pinch the akin. ?'
Oculists' prescriptions filled.. Quick repairing.
Factory on premises. Phone Main IX : ; ¦
opticians^-.JSaphicapp^tuj.
642 Market 01: iHaTnuMEHTi
DR.HALI/S REINYIGORATOR^Jg^j
Five hundred reward for any jflpHiJ
ea*e w« cannot cut*. This »ecret y** **S
remedy stops all - losses Ja ti a - - t
houn, cures Emissions.. Impo- j| jTV
tency, Vsrlcocele, Oonorrhoea. ly.ffi fW
Oleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost 'feU |4UL
Manhood and all wasting efTscts JwsL_i^^
of «el£-abuae or excesses. ¦ B«nt " ¦"¦*'
sealed, $3 bottle: 3 bottles. H: miaraat««d to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE. 553 Broadway." Oakland. CaU Also
for sal» at 1073H Market st.. S. F. All prtrat*
diseases Quickly cured. Send for frea book.
Eji^ Et'ECTBICBELT -*Vf&
CUT THIS OUT AND SEND IT
TOME. Twill mail you, CLOSELY
SEALED. FREE, a beautifully illus-
trated, 80-page book, telling how men.
break down from excess, exposure and
dissipation, and when their -vitality is
exhausted how it can be restored and
the full vigor of manhood renewed.
This is done with my Electric Belt, the
result of 20 years of study. Read this
book. It will make any man better,
mentally and physically.'
dr. m.a. Mclaughlin,
702 Markct v St,s:or. Kearny, S. R;
Burdick Block; cor. Spring and Second
Sts., Los Angeles. ' c ...
considering the appropriation of $200,000
for the "settlement of claims arising from
the destruction of goods by the Board of
Health in stamping out the bubonic
plague." This has since been laid on the
table to await developments of Saturday's
fire. • • .
All schools and places of public worship
are closed by order of the Board of
Health. .'¦•,..¦=
The interisland steamers Kinau. Clau
f dine and Mauna'Loa have been laid up
because of stoppage qf traffic with Hllo.
The Hongkong Maru arrived off Hono
j lulir January 22; landing,fourteen.passen
gers. She did not come into port, but
continued on her way to the Orient in the
afternoon. No foreign vessel will be al
lowed to enter port without. a written or
der from the Collector- General of Cus
toms or the Board of Health.
Fences will be built around the burned
blocks In Chinatown to keep children from
digging in the ruins. ; It is the Intention
of the Board of "Health to raise the China
town quarantine as soon as the fences
are" built. .
It is expected that "Chinatown will not
be rebuilt on the old site.: It is urged by
prominent citizens that the soil of China
town be saturated with crude petroleum
and burned, then plowed up and sprin
kled with sulphuric" acid, a system of
Bewers built and no buildings erected for
a year. ¦
On January IS, at 4 p. m.. the United
States transport Tartar .appeared off the
harbor on her way to Manila. She drop
ped a bag of ship's mail into" the= pilot
boat and continued on her way,
The steamer Nippon Maru arrived here
on the morning 01 January 23 from Yo
kohama, bound to San Francisco. It is
reported she will take neither passengers,
mall or freight- from this port. c .
The extreme care and "precaution taken ,
In port to keep and maintain ;the steam
ship Australia in clean and sanitary
condition is worthy of note. When she
arrived from San Francisco she anchored
in the stream away from the dock. : She
was placed in strict quarantine, under
charge and direction of American Consul
General General William Haywood and
Federal Quarantine Officer Dr. D. A. Car
micbael. Quarantine guards were placed
about the ship. The officers and crew
were not permitted ashorp. The ship's
local agentp did not even, shake- hands =
with the ship's commander. Captain Law
less. Her cargo was unloaded on disin-* =
fected lighters manned by : crews who had «
been in quarantine for ; more than ten
days. No cargo b.ut BUgar was taken for
the return trip. This was loaded from
lnterisland steamer* that had not. touched
dock 'or land at Honolulu since the discov
ery of the plague. Thelsugar came from
districts free from plague Infection ajid'
in transport did not touch infected terri
tory. Every person. who handled the
cargo had -been in strict- quarantine not ,
less than ten days. Passengers were un
der observation from fourteen to fifteen
days before departure of vessel and re
ported twice dally for Inspection . to the
local Board of Health: and once dally! to
Federal Quarantine officer Dr. - Carmi
chael at the American Consulate. . Spe
cial precautions, were taken that passen
gers were received only from districts free
from infection.' The, day; before the de
parture o°f the Australia 1 all heavy bag
gage of passengers was taken to quaran
tine dock and disinfected. - On the morn
ing of sailing all light hand baggage was
similarly treated,' and all passenger^ were
carefully inspected before departure. Pro
visions were received from * places un
doubtedly free from suspicion.. No vege
tables : were - accepted before the place
where they were grown was. inspected and
approved. Canned: goods were. disinfected
before being sent aboard. -¦ No 'bananas' or
raw fruit were taken. Consul Hay wood
and Dr. Carmichael came aboard- before
.sailing, inspecting » everything \ and gave
the ship a clean Dill of health. ¦. •¦-
When the Consul and : Dr. Carmlchael
left the Australia the passengers lined .up
on the decks and gave them 'both three
rousing .American cheers with a. tiger,
that was re-echoed , from the shore. There
was will and heart i behind the cheers for
Uncle Sam's very efficient officers who
had done so much/ to ease the worry; the
passengers felt during a time of trouble
and trial:.' - * ' . -
Much credit is due to Ship's Surgeon H.
J.McNulty for the watchful care an-lal-;
tention ho 'exercised '- over the passengers
on the homeward trip 'to; bring them all,
into port in good health and- with a.con
timed-clean.bill.of halth.
Dr. D.- A. Carmichael. Federal Quaran
tine Officer, has telegraphic orders from
' WiisMißton "to be prepared to proceed' to
Manllaas Chief Quaruntlne Officer of. the
Philippine: lslands... He expects order* on
tl»e steamship. Chlna.'f£EGM* l *f|BßtßMßßgVf**f|
. Consul General Hey wood expressed the
opinion .that : the . plaffUe situation , Is i no
longer alarming. The burning of China
town,'he believed, would remove the chief
menace to a Bpvedy control of;the:pla«ue.
He believed tho United BUtea should not
J' iTL %M 1 JP^% I^B 5
I With Mouthpiece I
1O centsfor 1Q S
Monopol Tobacco Works S
IHWmiMMMMWM
4
Patrick's Church this morning; where re
quiem high mass was performed. r Inter
ment was at St. -Mary's Cemetery. A
large number of the members of the West
Oakland Improvement Club, of which the
deceased had been president, attended the
Borvlcox.
NKW MAN, Jan. 3l.— J.C. Middleton, who
hart a ranch In the Coast Road Range,
be alarmed over the plague in Honolulu.
In Hongkong, where he was formerly sta
tioned, .the plague is ever present, but
practically no precautions are taken in
the United States against infection from
ships from that port. No such efforts to
stamp out the plague were ever taken in
China or Manila as have been taken In
Honolulu. The drastic measures adopted
here for the extermination of the -plague
would not be tolerated in the States.
Dr. Carmichael said that Federal
officers were very much hampered in the
efficiency of their work because territorial
laws are not yet effected, so they are in
a measure powerless to act. He bellevyd
that now the center of infectlpn had been
destroyed an early death to the. plague
would result. He applauded the very
rigid house to house inspection because
every suspicious case could be Isolated at
once and infection be reduced to the
minimum. He believed the local Board of
Health was entitled to a great deal of
credit for the manner in which it had
handled the situation. But for its thor
oughness more serlpus results could have
been apprehended.
Notable Deaths
of the Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Jan.. 31.— Laurlston Mon
roe Fairbanks, father of United States
Senator Fairbanks of Indiana, died last
night in this city very suddenly. He had
been in apparent good health until within
a few hours of his death. Mr. Fairbanks
came here recently to spend the winter
months. He had been visiting at the home
of his brother-in-law. President C. W.
Smith of the Los Angeles and Pasadena
Electric Railway. He resided on South
Pasadena avenue while here, but his home
was in Springfield, Ohio.
OAKLAND, Jan. 31.— The funeral of the
late George W. Drake was held from St.
anout iweniy-nve roues irom mis piace,
came in last night and reported having
found George Miller, a well-known citi
zen, dead In his bed in a cabin near the
Middleton place. It is presumed death
was from natural causes. Deceased was
a native of Illinois, about 45 years old.
and leaves a widow and a family of sev
eral children.
ROOF DEMOLISHED
OVER HER HEAD
1 ?
Stockton Woman Re
fuses to Move.
»
Special DlsDatch to The Call.
STOCKTON*. Jan. 31.— The tearing down
of the roof above a woman's head while
she slept or half dozed in a drunken stu
por on a mattress was a scene which oc
curred yesterday af terr.on on Lafayette
street, in this city. Some weeks ago a
man of Spanish extraction walked Into
Dr. Fisher Clarke's office and died while
sitting on a couch. His identity was not
known at the time, but became revealed
when the body was removed to tho
Morgue and a woman visited that place
to view the remains. The woman claimed
the dead man as her husband.
The house in which the couple lived and
In which the woman has been living since
the death of the man, was tne property
of George S. Ladd. A few days ago th«
owner announced that he was about to j
tear down the house, and the woman
moved some of her meager effects. She
left there, however, an old mattress, and
yesterday she went back to the house in
a maudlin condition and took up a posi
tion on the couch. The workmen were em
ployed all around her, but left the front
room In which she lay until the last. A3
the shingles and boards came down one
by one the woman met the workmen with
a curse. At last they reached the tront
room and commenced to, unroof that part
of the house. The woman would not arise
and Officer Walker was sent for. He was
unable to see. the woman, and would not
arrest her in a place of which, she held
possession, as she was committing no dis
turbance. It was decided to let her leave
of her own accenS and then tear down
the remainder of the house before she
could return. The woman left some time
last night, and this morning the structure
was demolished.
POLITICS IN SCHOOLS.
Professor Jordan Says the Moral and
Educational Effect Is Bad.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 31.—
President David Starr Jordan to-nlghl
addressed the students upon the BUbject.
"Politics in the Public Schools." The
noted orator took a decided stand against
the use of personal or political "pulls'*
when the public must pay the penalty.
The system which allows private political
debts to be paid with public trusts was
sharply criticized, while the teacher -who
knows more of palmistry than of psy
chology and is in the profession until she
can marry out of it came in for her share.
The influence of such persons upon the
children that come under them can be
but the worst. In pointing out the
remedy for the existing evil Dr. Jordan
said:
"We need first boards of trustees that
have the Interest of the schools at heart
and who will give the time and thought
necessary for proper administration.
Second, superintendents of schools who
shall know schools on the one hand and
teaching on the other, who shall know
educational aim? and ideals and the
means by which they may be carried out.
Third, a corps of trained and able teach
ers, whose knowledge may be a source of
Information for the pupil and -vhese
character will be inspiration. When we
have these three things and all divorced
from political or personal Influences we
shall have reason to be proud of our
schools."
Professor E. P. Cubberly also spo'ce
taking "Teaching as a Profession" as his
topic.
THIEVES GOT DRUNK.
Capture of Two Men Who Broke
% Open a Freight Car.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 31.— TMs morning
a freight car In a train standing on a
aiding at Davisvllle was broken open and
a quantity of goods stolen. Including wine
sardines, shoes, etc. Railroad Detective
William Ahem was sent from thla city
and he found footprints leading away
from the car and in the direction of Sac
ramento. Following up the trail he came
upon two men in tho brush near the track
with an empty : bottle lying by them and
some of the stolen articles sratt^ro.tiBEEGHfii'S PSLLSI
A For Bllloas and Kcrrous Disorders • %
I Are Without a Rival. I
X AJTITOAL SALES OVZR 6,000,000 EOXES. J
AI O mbU ¦d 4 3S cenU, at all dra( itorei. &
Dies in a Prison Cell.
Joseph Dutton, ah Englishman. 55 years
old, was arrested -Tuesday night by Ser
geant Ellis and squad, along with a num
ber of -other- gir :"flends. M all j of- whmn
were charged with Vagrancy. Yesterday
morning shortly before (> o'clock Dutton
was. found dead In Ws cell • by- the- trus
ties engaged In cleaning the prison. Tbe
body was removed 'to the ¦ Morgue.' •¦ .'!•;=; -
5653.054 C 9
Dividends paid ..; 718.500 00
Balance ...(.....: $33,745 31
Paid on account' of new construction
and permanent improvements }705,430 44
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Two Pension Bills Introduced by
Bepresentative Kahn.
Special DHpatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.—Representa
tlve Needham to-day' reported favorably
ing near, Lagunitas Canyon, which has
by Its unsavory record earned the name
of the "Black Hole of Marin." =is the
principal sufferer, and he and his brother
Charlescame to San Rafael to-day to Ky
the matter befcre Sheriff Taylor. The
missing, animals, numbering- many valu
able Jerseys, have been traced to- the en
trance of the "Black i Hole,': .and the
ranchers have no hesitation in accusing
the woodchoppers of the crime. :
• >. Sheriff- Taylor will make a thorough in
vestigation of the. circumstances and
within a few daja is confident of' tracing
the marauders. ' : -.-. : .' "¦'
The ranchers are understood to have
formed a posse, and . will deal roughly
with the-, thieves, should they capture
them.- . • . . ¦ '. "- . ¦•••-.
CATTLE THIEVES IN MARIN.
Kanch Owners Organizing for trotec-
; tion Against Them.
Special; Dispatch to .The Call. : .
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 31.— Cattle V thieve*,
after an absence of over fifty years, have
again made ;their appearance in thi»
county, and ranchers who have ' suff ered
from their depredations are • free In
threats of violence should they. lay hands
on the miscreants. ;"
George Langley," a wealthy ranpher llv-
Al SHIP COLUMBIA. CAPACITY 27»
tons, soiling on or about April' 10.*- Ap-
ply Alaska Navieratlon and Commercial
Co.. office with LEWIS. ANDERSON &
CO.. 26 East street. LOWEST KATES.
GAPE NOME.
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATES
apply CAPT. W. E. NESBITT. 61S lUrkrt.
Artificial Sight.
A Russian inventor ha« perfected an electrical
aj>pll*nc?. which he claims .will enable the
t.iiri to see. ' Till* will bring" much happiness
to those who have .defective eyesight. Another
«T*-a» diFcov#ry. whrlch will terms much happi
r'»s to thore whose stomachs have become de
rt-.rx'd. is Hoetetter** Stomach Bitters. It ha«
n.ki'.o a world-wide reputation for 'ltself as a
cerudn cure for such ailments as Indication.
<!>-*pep*la, conytlpntlpn. biliousness and ma
lart«. f>v«r «nd ajrue.
Chinese Dismissed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
' WILLOWS. Jan. ;31.— The cases of Joe
Yok, charged ' with perjury. • and Leong
Poon, charged with, murder, which were
to be tried' before Jud«"e Hicks at Orland
on .February (5. were dismissed to-day on
motion of .District Attorney I^ong. ¦ The
people in general commend the District
Attorney for the action, as the trial would
cause great expense to the county, as
about thirty witnesses, would have to b<?
brought from San Francisco, and: beyond
doubt the evidence was not strong enough
to convict in either case. ?. V ,
Permanent Court of Arbitration.
THE HAGUE. Jan. 31.— The Government
Is about to bring forward a bill approving
the conclusions reached by, the peace con
ference repardlng arbitration with a view
to the establishment of a permanent court
of arbitration here. It is believed by the
Government that, the people of The Neth
erlands would appreciate such a compli
ment, owing to the fact that many Euro
pean peace treaties were formally con
cluded . here.
Phelps' Condition Critical.
. NEW HAVEN. Feb. I.— The only infor
mation as to the condition of E. J. Phelps
that could be. obtained after midnight
was: "His condition Is alarmingly criti
cal." '
GAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION; CO.
Will Dispatch, the Al Iron American
Mail Cteamship
mum
(CAPACITY 3000 TONS) :
FOR NOME DIRECT.
'¦}¦;'. . Sailing from San Francisco
|o|i May 21j 1900;
First Cabin, Second Class and Steer-
age Accommodations. ¦ . -
. For . Passenger and Freight Rates,
and Reservations, apply to
1 ;THE ALASKA EIPLORATION C 0. r
139 POST STREET.
BIG PROFITS ON WATER.
Spring . Valley Company Files
Statement of Revenue.
The following statement showing the
revenue derived by the Spring Valley
Water Works from all sources for the
year preceding January 1. 1900, and an
itemized statement of all expenditures
made for supplying water during said
time, was filed yesterday with the Board
of Supervisors:
Receipts—
From water rents private c0n5umera.51,546.933 02
From water rents city and county... 240.57S 77
From water rents of chipping C 6.150 Sd
t1.531.90S 6*
From other sources U. 413 21
;. - : : : -
Total Income J 1.903, 111 S3
Disbursements —
For operating expen5e5... .5444,864 S3
For taxes 196,011 36
For interest 579.451 81 t1.220,337 .76
EX-CONVICT JAILED FOR
ANNOYING MAUD GONNE
Poses as a Friend of the Boers and
Endeavors to Bring About a
Meeting.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— Philip yon Kuhl.
about 60 years of age, was arraigned In
the Police Court to-day charged with an
noying Maud Gonne, the advocate of
Irish nationalism. Miss Gonne received a
note from Yon Kuhl setting forth that he
was an ardent advocate of the Boer'
cause. He said that he had learned that
Miss Gonne was also favoring the Boers,
and if she would assist him in getting
subscriptions for the Boers he would
make her famous. He asked Miss Gonne
to make an appointment to meet him.
Miss Gonne, fearing that she was being
pursued by a crank, turned the letter over
to the Chief of Police and asked for pro
tection. The detectives declared In court
that Yon Kuhl had served a three years'
sentence for swindling and that h-e was
wanted for other offenses. He was held
in $1000 ball for examination to-morrow.,
BABY ON THE STOOP.
Unpleasant Surprise to Louis Fetch
• .-'" ' . of Los Gatos. " • • . ¦:
Special- Dispatch -"to The Call. ..'". "'..'.'
LOS GATOS, Jan. 21.— Considerable ex
citement was caused; last evening by the
finding of a baby boy. on the. steps ol
Louis Fetch; a well-known upholsterer of
this city. The' family was at the 'supper
table when a knock waa heard at the
door.- Mr. . Fetch responded and found a
large hamper dri the steps. Upon raising
the cover the body of a babe was dis
closed. The child was In a state of stupe
faction caused by some drug, but was
revived by' a physician; . ' .
:Nt>thirig definite .as to. the parties who
left the chlid has yet: been ascertained,
though • suspicion . is : connected with 1 a
party who arrived on the evening train
from Oakland, carrying a large, hamper,
similar to tlve'one In which the child waa
fo-und. ¦•.:•:' '.'; '- "¦¦'¦ •¦'. ! • •. ¦-:....
."• The ; child Is a healthy boy; said' by the
physician : t6 be. about two -days old and.
is being cared- Cor. by Mrs. J, Brown till
definite -.arrangements are made by the
Associated Charities.:-. -..-• . •. .:. .
HAS NOT YET RETIRED.
.LONDON. Feb. L^-The Shanghai 'cor-*
re'spphdent' of : . tfte -Time*'. says: Emperor
Hwang Su continues .to issue edicts In his
own ¦ name. - .Nanking arid Wu Chang offi
cials' consider: that nis Immediate retire
ment is improbable., •' -.: ?•"".. • ¦
Goodwin Is Safe.
TACOMA, Jan. • 31.— The Oriental liner
Goodwin which ran on a muddy bank five
miles from Tacoma'in-a dense fog early
this morning backed off : this afternoon
after lightering 115 tors of her cargo.
She. was resurveyed by the marine sur
veyor and found to have sustained no
damage.- The underwriters reissued . her
insurance and the liner again. started for
the Orient about midnight with 9000 tons
of frel&ht.' ¦ . ¦ ¦•¦
Will Succeed Dr. Spalding.
SALINAS, Jan. 31.— Rev. L. C. Sanford;
for several years rector of* St. Paul's
Episcopal , Church In, this city; has re
signed, to, take effect February 28. Rev. :
Mr. Sanford will go to St. John's Church
In San Frtncieco.
DUNSMUIR, THE
COAL KING, DEAD
Passes Away Suddenly
v at New York.
NEW YOUK, Jan. 31.— Alexander 'Dun*
mulr, the coal king of the : Pacific Coast,
died to-day at the Hotel; Imperial, ag*>d
47.. years.- Mr. . Dunsmuir had: suffered
from meningitis at Intervals for many
years,, but his death was unexpected, for
he appeared to be in. perfect health.
Accompanied by his wife, Mr. Dunsmuir
arrived -.ln New York a month ago from
his ; home in Oakland, Cal. While they
Averie on their way to this city it was an
nounced, in San Francisco that Mr. Dune
mulr had. married Mrs. Josephine Wal
lace. •• For. twelve years, it was said, they
had kept the fact a secret, lest Mr! Duna
muir's interest in • his father's estate
should be Jeopardized.
Friends of Mr. Dunsmuir regarded hie
Eastern trip as a belated honeymoon; but
Edna Wallace-Hopper said that her moth
er andsttp-father had come to New York
In order to see her first appearance In the
metropolis in "Chris and Ills Wonderful
Lamp." now being played at the Vic
toria Theater.
Mr. Dunsmuir Is reported to have been
many times a millionaire. He was" 47
years of age and was of Scotch-Canadian
descent. Along the Pacific Coast he was
known as the "coal king," and he owned
great mines' on Vancouver' lsland. Mr.
Dunsmuir owned a palatial residence in
Oakland. Cal. ¦ ; v/,i,
Arrangements for Mr. Dunsmulr's
funeral have not been completed. It is
believed the body will be taken to San
Francisco. •' :
DEATH'S SUMMONS
FOR OUEENSBERRY
Career of the Marquis
; Closed.
LONDON. Feb. I.— The Marquis of
Queensberry is dead.
- John Sholto Douglas, the eighth 1 Mar
quis of Queensberry, was born on July 20.
1844, and succeeded to the Marquisate :n
ISSB. He. was educated. at Eton and Mag
dalene College, Cambridge. He for a time
served in the Royal Navy as lieutenant,
and later was lieutenant colonel of the
First Dumfriesshire Rifles and from 1874
to"1880*was • a representative neer for
Scotland. His first wife, whom he mar
ried in 1866, obtained a divorce in 1887, and
he married again in 1593. only to have the
marriage annulled the following year, j
The Marquis left three sons arid one
daughter all by his first wife. His eldest
son. Lord Douglas of Ha wick, who U a
lieutenant in the Third King's Own Scot
tish Borderers, succeeds to the title.'
Lord Sholto Douglas, his youngest son.
Is quite well known on this coast. He
married a Miss Loretta Mooney of Oak
land. Lady Sholto Douglas was sum
moned only three days ago from Los An
geles to the bedside rof the dying Mar
quis, with whom she and her little son
were great favorites. It was his wish to
see his daughter-in-law and grandson
again before he died. . .. ;
The Marquis of Queensberry rules for
pugilistic contests have given tlieir
author a worM-wide fume among the fre
quenters of the ring.
BITTER DEBATE
THE SENATE
Admiral Dewey Assailed
¦;.;•¦ by Pettigrew.
• WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— Debate in the
Senate, ordinarily calm and dignified,
burst to-day into passionate utterances
and bitter recriminations.- • Senators
hurled denunciation, one at another,
until the auditors quivered with excite
ment. The debate grew out of a phase of
the Philippine question, and no scene
has been witnessed since the discussion
of the war resolutions in the last.Con
gress, which, In 'sensational features,
compared with that of to-day.
Pettigrew, who has precipitated nearly
all of the debates upon the Philippine
question ' during the . present session,
sought to have read a resolution em
bodying a document written by Emilia
Aguinaldo upon the Filipino Insurrection
and containing his version of the. alleged
recognition of the Filipino republic by
Admiral Dewey.
Lodge of Massachusetts . ' protested
against printing the ' document In any
form, and read a letter from Admiral
Dewey in which -that portion of Aguin
aldo's statement relating to the admiral
was denounced as "a tissue of false
hoods." •"¦ . „..
'"'Senators on the floor listened with eager
attention, and . many gallery . spectators
leaned far over the railings in their de
sire not to miss a sentence. Lodge said
he preferred accepting Dewey'e word to
that of Agutnaldo and was satisfied the
American people would also.
In a passionate reply Pettigrew declared
that. Admiral Dewey had recognized the
Filipino republic, and. although afforded
an opportunity heretofore to deny Aguln
aldo's statements, had not done so.
In an Instant a half-dozen Senators
were on their feet. | Hawley, the venerable
Senator from Connecticut, denounced Pet
tlgrew's action as treason.
In rapid succession Pettigrew was made
the target of stinging arraignments by
Spooner, Hawley, Sewell and "Galllnger.
That the feeling was at a pitch 3?ldciin
noted in the Senate was evidenced by the
pale faces of the men who spoke.
Jones (D.) of. Arkansas and Teller of
Colorado endeavored to stem the Mde'cf
protest and deep feeling by. conciliatory
speeches.
At the conclusion of the scene, which
will remain memorable in the Senate an
nals, the financial bill was taken up and
discussed by Berry of Arkansas and Tel
ler of Colorado. ...":>
DEWEY BEFORE THE
PENSIONS COMMITTEE
Appeals for Liberality in Dealing
"With" the Widows of Naval
Heroes.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— Admiral
Dewey to-day appeared before the House
Committee on Pensions in behalf of tho
bills pending before that committee !to
pension the widow of .the late Captain
Charles V. Gridley of the Olympla at the
rate of $200 per month; the widow of the
late Commander E. P. Wood of the Petrel
at $100 a month; the mother of Lieuten
ant Thomas M. Brumby, Admiral Dewey'a
flag lieutenant, at $50. a month, and the
widow of the late Captain Henry E.
Nichols of the Monadnock at $100 per
month. Admiral Dewey spoke eloquently
of the great services these officers of the
Asiatic squadron had rendered to their
country and to the deep Interest h* felt
In. the welfare -of those they had. left be
hind. While he did not advocate the
amounts asked for In .the bills, he ap
pealed to the committee to deal generous
ly with these noble women. . ••¦ ?-°*V> : ;
House Proceedings.
» WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— Under the lat
itude allowed in 4 general debate upon ap
propriation bills, the. Indian appropriation
bill in the House to-day was made the
occasion for the discussion for a wide
range of subjects. Our. policy in the Phil
ippine Islands, the government of Porto
Rico, the leasing of our .arid -lands and
election methods in -the South were in
turn brought into tho arena. The most
interesting debate occurred over the lat
ter rfubject.- A bill- was passed £or the
payment of the salaries of certain retired
officers of the Marine Corps. The- House
then went Into committee of the- whole
for consideration of the Indian appropria
tion bin. . '-:t: t ay •--:¦ ;,•,' • ;. ;
To Guard the Rights of Voters.
.. WASHINGTON. Jan. 31.—Representa
tive Bartholdt Of Missouri : to-day began
the circulation of a call for a Republican
House caucus to consider means of pre
venting lawlessness at the polls, partlcu.
larly In the South. Bartholdt brought up
the subject at the joint caucus yesterday,
but. It . was thought, to be" more proper
for consideration at another meeting. .
Peace Treaty Called Up.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— 1n the execu
tive session of the Senate to-day Senator
Mason called un The Hague peace treaty,
but owing to the absence of Senator Da
vis; who is in charge of the measure, the
Illinois Senator was prevailed upon to al
low It. to go over. - ¦
IF Mr. I'helnn nhnnlil remove Mr. IMcrsry ni I'ollrc CommiMlnnpr
by rennon.of hi* notion In hoilncr ilecllnr^! lc. \olr for the ap
pointment of l.leuliniinl Oiiln ni Chief of Police, or. for hnTlne
dißclonrd the nec'retHvof the eiecutlve; nrnnion. If yim pleiite, I
think .he hml mmli- n very : crave mistake anil hail vio
lated the spirit of the. charter; irhlch, 1 think, rontemplatrn per
fectly Independent action on. the part. of' the Cotnniiwwionera and
Mr. Phelan has nlwnyn clnimed In be Ihr urrratc^t frlcml to the
charter. ;.;" ' : ; '¦ :-'. : / . •'•¦-...'. ' ."' '¦< '\ : ¦¦'•• :"> : :-.' . '. : .' •''¦"•¦; '¦.'••": .'-'V. ¦¦"'¦'.' ¦:¦¦"'' "•"'''¦¦
I db-not believe, in execntlve nesiilonM xayiielf. ,'I. think the. pub
lic baßinem* nhioald be attended to' openly .-and./ above' board.; bo
that . the entire • commanlty shall.; knovr-.Trhat. i» " Kolnß on. and 1
honor Mr. BIKfST. for linvlnfr coiih- iml lioldly nnil stated nhnt nil* :
position '"«vaM 'in the matter^.' ;.'j .'.;.' ;¦:. ..'¦¦.:;'¦•¦' J' '-^r-'. '¦'¦'.? v-'ii- ¦¦ v'"'.:.™ : ' : ''> .¦
'-'¦¦.-.¦'¦ l nm not only' pained and (grieved at", the .position : taken by
my friend,' Mr. Thomim (to uhom I Wrotea. note of warning; simi
lar to that I Tfrpte Mr.'.Phelan); bat .I'am. frankJto say . I am dis
appointed In lilm and 'dlsKUsted Tritn him.'...- '"¦' ;. ; ...v" : -- .y-'"'.. y - '"'. i ; '-'"-" ! :¦¦¦..--.;-¦
I do not hesitate' to say, also, that ..31r.; Blßßy ha* not only
done. riKhtly, bat. that It wan hl» dnly to do jn»t what he hn» donf ,
und I think the -public ' o»vm him n ili-ht of crittiiuilp fur hnvlntr
taken the eommnnlty into -his' confidence and . told ' them the pi- '
net trntU. of the matter. V .v : ; '¦ : r' : .~':.-'. ."V-\: '¦ ¦' i: - : ¦¦..: ¦'¦.'. '¦''¦¦.. . : I'. : :. )- 7 ?./''---7'H" ¦':;- :
".-¦ '.I nm .surprised and: ffrleved beyond' -nieasnre' -;at - the attitude
of Mr.: P lid h'ii in this mutter. : I not .'only -vqterd. for ¦hlm.'but.Trlth
thouAnnds of other Hepnhllcnns, netl» ely norkei! for bis eleetlon.
in the firm belief that he could not be . induced to enter Into any
political or other nlllnnrfi which could Influence lilm or Interfere
With his frerdom of action In the appointment of the yery.v best
men f«i»r 'public ' posit lons.- AVUen 1 iiaw '¦' that He/iran.-I 11 dancer -of :
.lielhic led into byrhls espousal of '-the': cause of ; Esola un- .
der -the Influence, of the . manaicer of .the i'.inmlnrr, anil tlint, by
*uch net lon, lie nonld unquestionably rnlse n.- doubt as to. the «1I«
..lnterestedness -of - his : - motives' and' the 'wlsdon*: of ih'li*- conduct,. 1 .
.took the .liberty, as', one who had "tood ;by hicn In what I believed '¦'
'to be his lip tit (or Rood Koyernniextt, to virrlte him it kindly letter
of counsel, ' point Ins - out to him w lint .1 .considered to be tiip «l«e
Icourse ; to . pursue ¦with reference to^Esola's Appointment. :The Ict
..ter.-contains nothing private or .confidential . -• and', l am .vr ll line
that the world may see that he had • the adVantase "-; of srood ad
vice -which he has not seen fitr.to-follbiv,.; His reply speaks for it
self. It seemed to me, and still seems tome, in the Itcht of sub
sequent events, nlmott flippant. -.'-' ¦¦- : ...- ¦- ;--."- J'~'. V-.- =.' ¦" T-"- ; *."" -•"" - V. ••¦'¦*•.'"-.
I feel sure that unless Mr, I'helan recedes a< once fron» his
most unfortunate and untenable position he ivlll iillcnnlc. If he linn
not already nllennted, the great niaas ot Republicans; and' Demo
crats nlike who hare, felthertd; stood by hliunnd by whose votes
he has been- exalted to his' present position. ; ¦"-'• ":.¦:._ '-¦ ¦¦'.';. ¦ /';¦ < : . ..[.'¦ ¦:..¦.:"¦:¦¦'¦.
\ : ??- : j •¦• ' • i'U-V 5 ¦' ;^:4'-^'l ll^^V:^?'^l.EME^rT.;;';?V:'
SAYS SHE WAS ROBBED
AND THEN CARRIED HOME
Mrs. Willard H. Colby, the wife of a
shotgun messenger employed by .Wells,
Fargo & Co.. residing at 4543 Twentieth
street, has Informed the police of a weird
experience. . " -
Mrs. Colby says that a few days ago.
about 8 o'clock in ths evening, she was
walking on Nineteenth street, near Dia
mond, when she was attacked by two
men. One of them seized her by ?> tho
thioat, she says, and told her to, keep
quiet or they would "{five the Coroner a
Job." She says she attempted to scream,
but was overpowered, and thrown to the
ground. On recovering, she says }¦ she
begged for mercy,' promising to point out
to the men where $20 was secreted in her
house if her life were spared. Then,. Mrs.
Colby says, she lost consciousness to, be
discovered by her little daughter at S>
o'clock the following morning lying at the
head of the stairway leading to her flat,
three and one-half blocks from the scene
of the alleged, assault. All she missed,
she told the police, was $22 from her
nurse, $13- of which belonged to a neigh
bor, Mrs. Williams, whose • rent- j Mrs.
Colby had volunteered to-pay to their
common -landlady, and the key to the
front door by which the alleged robbers,
were said to have entered. ¦ She com
plained of pains in her head and back, and
on a white shirt' waist that she wore
pointed out some stains of blood.
The police are .investigating the case,
but are rather • skeptical. Mrs. Colby
weighs 154 pounds and would be difficult
to carry three blocks and up; three flights
of Btalrs.
In the meantime, Mrs. Colby's landlady,
Mrs. LJmbaugh. la wondering, where Mrs.
Williams' rent is coming from. ; 1
FREEHOLDER CLEMENT
STATES PLAIN FACTS
;Or^d fHi^jtojUse H
; • : : ;i;ii '] ¦.¦•¦. : ofV:^sbla ; s:: Reputation . and Questionable Backings • '-'¦/¦
'\c-ifA AYQR' PHELAN'S openly expressed intention to deliver the goods— to hand over, the Police Department of the
tfW\V :clty ' to theerangof conspirators at the. back of ; E3ola; alias Harrington— is viewed with, disgust by men who
'•//¦ )/\\ ''Were his friends before election. Mr. Joseph Britton, whose attitude during the last' campaign afforded such
a «yu»\> comfort to the, Phelanites. took -occasion in yesterday's Call, "by, eulogizing Police Commissioner Bigfgy, to ex
press his .displeasure, at the way Phelan 'designed to manipulate the Police Department.'; And now conies Henry N.
Clement... former freeholder and distinguished lawyer, with a denunciation of the Mayor and" Police Commissioner
Thoma? for their attitude toward Commislsoner Blggy... Privately, nearly two weeks ago, Mr. Clement- took occasion to
point out in a; letter lie wrote to the Mayor the impropriety of ; the; appointment of Eeola. A copy of that letter- has
been obtained by. The Call. It reads: .••«"'.¦ '. : . " ' '" •. ' - a •- %¦} -.- : ''••' ' "¦.'."
¦¦¦¦..:• :'. - ¦' ¦•',"' v°". • ¦' °: ¦"". -- ¦ -"' ' .; ¦ : •*'. ¦¦ " ¦°\ ', January w.' iooo. •¦
My. Dear. Mr. Phelan: I feel sure you will pardon a suggestion • from one. who has stood by you in 'your fight for good
'. . : In appointing; the Commissioners— your political famlly-^you douTitless rejected • the names of many. gooVi men because of ob
jections: that-. might, possibly be made: against them— wisely .concluding, that individual claims should not only be subservient to the
public sen-Ice,' but that- if would not be the part of wisdom, to appoint any against whom there could be violent objections..
: ..lit Beemß to me,- therefore, that in the 'matter of the appointment' of Esola as Chief of Police the same principle should
govern.,;- ¦• ¦. .; .!„>:.. :'.-;¦.,' ¦¦,¦.„'¦; ,¦ .-.'¦'¦..'-. '¦ -•;="¦ ... . .. •-,: ; • . • i-» :
-,'.•:: : IV IS' not. clairiied. by anybody that Lieutenant Ksola In entitled to the appointment by reason of his long and faithful nervice
•*-"• In. the- department or -by reason of the possesßion , of .-pre-eminent, qualities .which single him out as peculiarly fitted for the po
'.. . sltlon 6r..tha't he possesses the entire confidence of the community who unite in demanding his appointment. ¦< ' •-;..-
Ji 1':1 ': „' " -'.Would it not. therefore, be wise to choose some man of high character and standing in theclty against whom no objections
J.- • couia be raised and In whom the people of the city would all have' conndsnee? . • ¦¦'..-{ .-•¦
J •• ' ¦ The- mere -Individual claims of Kimln; which- seem to be Identified with a great and powerful dally paper, are nothing
i •as compared to,' the general good of.' the community arid the. welfare of the public service— no branch of which ought to be iden
*** tlfW with any private enterprise even though such private enterprise is in the- hands} of one who has been friendly to good gov
•?• • . erncient .in the past, '-.No man -who is unselfishly loyal .- to - good government will demand recompense by foisting a doubtful man.
¦«!•»'. upon' the public service. ¦ • . .• : '¦¦/'".•-'-•.' " " • ¦ . ' „ ¦ - - . ¦ ¦ . •
'¦I. ¦ ;.-• "With your influence I feel ' sure ' the ' Commissioners will, not make the mistake of appointing Lieutenant Esola as Chief
JU of : .Pollce 'under the mistaken Idea that they should not . yield, to pressure. - If ' Lieutenant . Esola had been appointed and were '
J. unjustly a;>FaHed -I should say stand- by .him: but un,der the -circumstances of this case neither duty enjoins nor policy Justifies i
* p the appointment of '• a man against ¦ whom there. 1b violent- opposition from respectable citizens— whatever the motive of such op- '
T ix>sltlon may be— when the man himself, has no higher ¦ claim, to being appointed , than that of being backed by the manager of a
T*, • great dally newspaper. ' Ever , sincerely, yours, .- : ' .. • ''. -, ; • ¦ ..¦.;••':' ° HENRY N. CLEMENT.
. . .' Such a letter, from a framer and strong friend, of , the charter, it would see-m, would have demanded a serious re
?? ply. Mayor Phelan does not seem, however, to be built on. those. lines. He was not, at any rate, receptive of the: well-
V. meant suggestions, contenting himself with this reply: ' ,'.-.- ' - '-'} ' '. • ' •• ' : . . .'.
J^ . :; .¦"•¦¦•¦¦•;.¦• *. ; •- ; . ". " . MAYOR'S. OFFICE. CITT HALL. - - . . "
T '.'. V '. •'• ¦;• •'•„ .¦- ' • ¦ ,'¦..' ¦ "JAMES D: PHELAN. Mayor. ' -¦' /..., .¦'.;,,;<.,.= . ...
T ' ¦ • •:.•' '-.-. ¦'¦ ¦:¦ ¦ - ¦'. . \ '-• ,:•-,:•: . •' . " ' • i SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Jan." 20,. 1900. -V -.
T ; ' Mr. H. N. • Clement, 212 Bonsome Street^ City— Dear Sir: I have your letter of January 19, which will be carefully con-'.
*** : sidefed; As- tne matter, is now pending. I will not discuss It. lam satisfied the Commissioners will act, when all the facts •
4» are before them, with sound: Judgment. It is merely a newspaper mesi and I regret It more than anybody. Yours very, truly,
JL\ ¦ :,• -;;¦-, .' ¦, ; - • ¦ •:'••! c . ;, ' ". ¦ = ' • .'•;".•• vV : v : ? -JAMES D. PHELANV
receipt. That :Is. all there is to the inci
dent. • ¦.*•' - • ¦ • ' '•' - . . • ¦ ¦
: Another phase of the Examiner's blun
dering and malicious attack upon Blggy
has provoked a broad grin on the faces
of the politicians assembled here. The
yellow sheet has called to its aid the mal
odorous Ray Falk— he of shady reputa
tion and. methods: Falk was a petty clerk
in the Senate when Biggy was a State
Senator: : Falk enjoys the distinction of
being a 'protege of Dan Burns and Mose
Giinst and of being a slippery political
heeler who will do what he is told. He
was caught during the session of 1595 ad
vancing Senate bills on the file and nar
rowly escaped dismissal. He is still a fac
totum for Burns and Guhst and naturally
will add his mite to any struggle in which
they are engaged. ;
WHAT CLEMENT TOLD PHELAN
ANENT THE ESOLA MATTER
from the. . claims committee • Kahn's bill
relmbursirte the Union Iron Works of San
Francisco in the sum of $32,823 for lack
of horsepower on the monitor Monterey.
Representative Kahn to-day. lntroducetl
a bill increasing the pension of Dt. George
B.Tolman, formerly surgeon of "West
California Cavalry, from $17 to $50 per ;
month; also a bill pensioning Mrs. Jo
hanna J. Daughton of San Francisco. -
Frank Coddington of Ohio has been ap*'
pointed teacher at ; the. Carson Indian
School, Nevada, and Miss Florence Pohl '
laundress at the Western. Shoshone Indian
School, Nevada. •¦¦ •...:.......:,
By direction of the Secretary /of. "War
Captain ¦William R. Abercrpmbie.. Secbntt
Infantry, and First; Lieutenant Walter C.
Babcock. Eighth Cavalry', will report in
pexso-n.to. Colonel George M. Randall, now
in- this. city. under orders to assume com
mand ..of- the-. Department of Alaska, for
assignment tf> duty' ln' that department. ¦
Pensions .for. Calif &rnfans: Original —
GeOrgeW.. Gould. .Soldiers' Home. I,os An
geles, .' sl2 r- -.-Henry -I>awrence r Soldiers'
Home." Los. Angeles. $10: I>avld Donovan.
Sari: Diego. JS. Increase— John Beckwith,
Los. Angeles. $5. t0- $S. Original widows,
etc— Special; Jan. 22, minor of Jamet* Mul
laney; Oakland,. $14. Mexican war widows
V-Speqial accrued. Jan. 20;, Susie Raper,
Santa Barbara,: $8^". vr:v>:^ '.
Oregon : increase--James S. Rea. Co
aullle.' $5t0512.,. : ;•¦¦¦¦.:..- ¦•>¦ ?i-:;--i':? i - :; --i' : ¦¦:.: '
--. Washington: Origlhal^Eclwln "Winches
ter, Spangle; $&! " V '•vi ~,'Y "''-=¦'.:.".: - - ; -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1900.
PHELAN'S FORMER FRIENDS REPUDIATE HIS ACTION
ONLY McNUTT TRUE
TO THE TOY MAYOR
Commissioner Thomas Declares Himself
Against ; Frederick
Former Freeholder Henry N. Clement Scores the
Mayor and Commends Mr. Biggy— -Warned -I
the Little Czar Ten Days Ago. 'sm ¦:
THE f.ffht of the people against the
conspiracy to make Frederick
Esola. alias Harrington, he-ad of the
Police Department of . San Fran
ciscc has narrowed down. It is
Police Commissioner William J. Biggry on
the one side, the little Mayor of this great
city on the other. It is an honest record
against a tarnished reputation. " 'It is
everything an official ought to be against
the things the head of this municipality
should not be, but is. It is no longer a
question cf victory or defeat for Esola,
alias Harrington— it is the absolute con
test against a plain effort to betray tho
lives and property of the residents of this
city into the hands of criminals.
Though it may appear on the surface
that no change has taker, place in the sit
uation during the past thirty hours, most
violent reactions have occurred . under
neath, carrying disaster to diminutive
despotism. The make-believe eoul.of the
political puppet in the Mayor's:, chair
PHELAN'S VERBAL
BOUQUET TO BIGGY
IN his message to the Board of Supervisors, .delivered. January 3, 1599. '
Mayor Phelan took .occasion to split an infinitive, and. throw, a. deserved
bouquet at William J. Biggy. As . It will make interesting .reading at
this time it is taken bodily from page 20 of the printed message and prer
seated as follows: . ¦'/¦'".¦. ..¦•';¦. ' f '.'¦ '.'.¦¦ :\ ''¦ '¦". ¦ ."-
In contrast with the extravagance of the School Department
and the County Clerk's office I desire to officially commend the Reg-:
istrar of this city and county, W. J. Biggy, for the great saving
which he has effected in two elections held during the last calendar .
year and for the honorable administration of his office. ¦.
Quakes with fear every time its shameless
masters pull the string. It feels that it is
deserted by every friend It had and is en
tirely ct the mercy of its owners.
This feeling Is warranted by the facts.
Nobody stands now with the little Mayor
but Esola and his backers, an unscrupu
lous newspaper and Dr. McNutt. a good
physician and a poor Police Commission
er. Against this little band are arrayed,
to begin with, Police Commissioner
Thomas This may seem surprising, but
nevertheless it Is a fact. Commissioner
Thomas is no longer with Phelan, al
though he fought for him as long as he
thought his given, word demanded. He
l^ft town last night for Los Angeles, but
before his departure he : told several
reputaMe genttemen that, whether or not
his resignation was accepted, he wouM
never cast- his -vot« for Esola, who, ht
declared, was unfit for the position.
Commissioner Thomas has felt that way
for some time. The fact that he handed
in his resignation indicated It, even if his
direct statement had not been made. His
course in the beard, while it has been a
puzzle to his friends, can probably be ex
l>laJned by the statement that pains had
been taken to predispose him in favor of
Ksola and to *xtort a promise of support
from him . before he realized the conse
quences of that promise.. His word, once
gTlven, even : though gained by false pre
tenses. Commissioner Thomas sought: to
keep faith until he could no longer bear
the strain. Only one thing was left to do
end that was to resign. This he has done.
Against Mayor Phelan and the other.
Esola plotters are, as they have always
been. Commissioners Newhall and Blggy.
Neither, upon taking office, would have
been unwilling to oblige the Mayor and
vote for his . choice for Chief of Police,
but, . after hearing the testimony of the
man with the alias, they could not stom
ach Esola. They are still strong in that
determination, although there is no doubt
they would EtJH vote for any other choice
of the Mayor that was competent for the
place. '-'I--.'" '¦'¦'¦.'¦¦¦.. ¦ ¦ ;-'-*i-. '.•'¦:"''• '- •• "• •;'¦•
A still greater, force, however, opposed
to the little Mayor and the other .sponsors
cf Esola, Is found In the array of former
frienrts of Mr. Phelan, who, disgusted at
his barefaced prostitution of his office,
have arrayed themselves against him.
Joseph Britton was the first of these pub
licly to set up the standard of revolt.
Following him comes Henry N. Clement,
also a Freeholder, a framer of the char
ter and a former stanch supporter of the
little Mayor, to decry the base uses to
which the head of the municipality has
given over his office. Two weeks ago.
NEW ERA OPENED
FOR THIS COAST
Senator Perkins on
Trade Conditions.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31.— Three hundred
nemi-rx* of . the New York Board of
Tra<3«- and Transportation and their guests
sat driwn to the twenty-eighth annual
dinner of the organization at the Waldorf-
Astoria to-nlght. Prior to' the assembling
of the Guests, rnitrd States Senators John
M. Thurston of Nebraska. William Llnd
t-ay of Kentucky, George .C. Perkins of
California and M. A. Hanna of Ohio held.
i. reception. • -.' ¦ : ., ". ¦¦'. ¦•-•'- r '¦ • •'
The guests" table was a perfect bower :
of roses and ivy and the' balconies and
waits wer» j -.lik<-"wlse hungheavily wtth'ctit
flowers. The toasts were as follows: "The
President of -the United- States"; ."The
State of New York"; "Our .Foreign Pol
icy." Senator John M/Thurstoh. of Ne
braska; "Our Commercial Supremacy,".
Charles' 2%".. Fowler of NewJeTscy; "The
Phelan and his allies ori the y.eUow.Rheet
of San Francisco to blacken by baseless
slanders the character of Police Comnis
sloner \V. J. Biggy are exciting considfrr
able interest here, where the . splendid
J record of Big;?y was so auspiciously pc
; gun. There are men here who-know to
; what desperate measures the Examiner
j has resorted in its effort to secure evei)
| the suspicion of evidence which would re-
I fleet upon Bi^gy. One of these biafk
| guard attempts was exposed . tor-day by
I Frank McQuaid, who is. familiar with the
j records of most of the . legislators that
have served: at Sacramento during . th<i
I past several -years,.' .- ".; j* : •; ' '. ¦ 1. ; ;¦¦ ¦¦ ' .. ¦ •'• -
[ The incident,, the!" particulars of [whlbitj
j McQunld relates; '. happe-ned .. .late jast
1 Saturday knight irj one; ;. cf ' .the-.-leadiii*
j hotels::of San! Francisco.' On that, night.
j tv/o. attorneys, who- haye •frequently- .• cv
| celved. bitter 'cuts from • the ' lixamine^
I lash, went to McQuaidftrtd asked liini it
: he could give; them the slightest informa
tion that would reflect upon Bigg>'s in-
I tegrlty as a legislator. They wanted Inr
formation particularly in reference co the
accusation that he had iised . Southern
j Pacific passes while charging mileage to
I the State. ¦ ¦¦.-.¦:¦' .. ¦. •-¦ .• ." I-
McQuald replied that, the only facts to
which he could testify were that he ha.d
reason to know that Bogy's conduct dur
ing his 'term as a State 1 Senator had bt'en
conspicuously :honorable- iri ev-ery.- way;
that Blggy had not only paid his railroad
fare; .but he Indignantly . resented ah'at
temp"! to give him a pass. The incident
to which -McQuaid referred-happened- in
January, 1593, and is not the one in which
the Examiner is floundering:. It serves,
however, to illustrate- Biggy's character.
"Late last Saturday night." said Mc-
Quaid to-day. "I was visited by these two
attorneys and asked If I could give, them
any information against Bisgy. I told
¦them that I knew nothing that mfeht re-
J fleet on his character, und, more than
that, I did know that he Was absolutely
above reproach while in the State Sen
ate. I told them of one Incident that Jus
i titied my opinion. ¦,-•'. ¥•¦¦ / •' •• •'
I "In January, 1593, a Joint committee
j from the Senate and the Assembly went
I on a tour of inspection to Southern Cali
fornia. Blggy was a member of the com
mittee and as I was Interested in River
side legislation I wished to impress- upon
the minds of the members of the com
mittee the desirability of paying some at
tention to Riverside in their Journey.
But that was my affair and serves only
to show how it came that I have abso
lute knowledge that Blggy would accept
no favors from the railroad people.- I
know positively that Biggy was given trr
understand that he could have had a pass
If he wanted one. I know also that he
indignantly refused to listen to the sug
gestion.
"When the joint committee left Sacra
mento I went to the depot to see them
away and I saw Blggy purchase a ticket
1 for himself and his wife and receive a
Coming Century," Senator William Lind
say of Kentucky; "California and the
Commerce of the Pacific Coast," Senator
George C. Perkins of California; "Trade
and Transportation in the State of New
York," General Francis V. Greene; "The
Humorous Side of Politics," Congressman
John M. Allen of Mississippi.
The spirit of commercial expansion per
vaded all the speeches.. The declarations
of Senators Thurston and Lindsay in fa
vor of upholding the national adminis
tration in. the Philippines were heartily
applauded. In the course of his speech
Senator Perkins said: .: c •
For fifty years California has looked east
ward over the mountains and deserts of the In
terior of the continent, for. eastward ran the
linrti of trade. In future she will also look
westward over the' bread PaclJle. for westward'
will the future lines of trade be run. .•
The battle of -Manila marked the end of one
i-ra and the beginning of a new one for'Calr
fornia and the whole Pacific Coast. ButCallr
f'.rnia is not the only State looking upon.. the
¦Pacific wlilch halls with Joy the new era. Ore
gon-and Washington and the- great. Territory
of A'.ahka, parts of territory once under foreign'
rule.- are. ready for ; the . new., life.' = . .- '. -.' '
¦ All' slkns ' indicate, that, the"' Pacific is ', tU .be
lhe- : scene ..of . the ; next ¦ period • of ¦; the. wdrid'B
progress. : ' We face Asia across . an' ocean on
which we have points of • vantage: which, will
enable vib to make' lt.practl'catl'y-b'u'r -own... There
Is .a arrest, work which mu.»t be undertaken .at
once In. behalf of Pacific commerce — the'>?lcar-:
aqua canal..-.. In order that the .United 'states
may-.- be .the. cente- of . the coming; 'trade of- the
Orient this-' canal, must ¦be . constructed. The
I'aclflc ' Coast is now m6t>t favorably 'situated
to secure the share which, belongs to it. • But
the great States eaet of the Rocky Moun
tains are at a. very great disadvantage when
compared with their agricultural and indus
trial competitors, in Europe. With the opening
of the'Nlcanjgua canal the situation will be
immediately changed. , The distance from New-
York to Asiatic -ports wfll be so reduced that
the gre»t American metropolis will be the cen
ter of our Oriental trade. A waterway across
Nicaragua win at once transfer the. present
advantage of European marts to this side of
the Atlantic. The entire western coast of the
two American continents will be brought nearer
to the Atlantic i>ort* by over one-third of the
circumference of the earth.. ¦
What kind ox Government shall be estab
lished "n the Phlllrplnes In place of that al
ready estahlliied Is yet to be determined. Jus
tice to both the Filipino and the American
niuht be maintained. Until the Filipino has,
through ths Influence of a Just and humane
government, advanced In civilization to the
point reached by American labor ' In the field
• nil In the factor}', he must and should be con
tented with having afforded him the means of
rising to that standard. That means will be
given him In due time und every encourage
ment will be given him to become capable of
understanding, appreciating and rightly using
the privilege granted to the people of the United
Etatea.-^MttriBnBSMH&dtaHSH
before Mr. Brltton felt it his duty tq come
out in commendation of Commissioner
Bfggy, Mr. Clement wrote a letter, to the
Mayor warning him that the course he
was pursuing was dangerous und pointing
out the unfltness of Esola, alias Harrjng-;
ton. That letter and the Mayor's curt
answer is given herewith, as is also Mr.
Clement's public criticism of Phelan and
commendation of the man the toy czar is
ready to knife. '.' .: "V " , ' '.
Thousands of other good -citizens have
voiced their disgust of the pledge-break
er's actions. They are closely watching
his course, fearful of what .new eccentric
deed he may do. but sure of the fact that
courts remain to right official wrong. .-:
BLACKGUARDS EXPOSED
Malicious Attempts to Belittle
Biflciy of Little Effect.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 31.— The efforts of Mayor
g An aristocratic bey- |
:H| erage at a popular |
W\ 50 cups ..; . j v.^3o cts I
3|| No one is too rich to use It— for p
3|| trtere is no other quite as gcoJ. ffil
9 11 No one is too poor— for it is the 8]
8 1| most economical. :. H
g "IT BEATS THE DUTCH. "T ||
§ D. GHIRARDELLI CO..S. P. B
THE CALL'S
HOME BTDDY CIRCLE.
9KYMOUR' EATON, Director.
CONTRIBUTORS
TO. THE -I
SPRING TERM COURSE, 1900.
Rev. Edward Everett Hale, D. D.,
Boston.
Jesse Maoy, A. M., LL. D.,
lowa Collets.
, - Professor Paul Elmer More,
Harvard University.
Thomas Mare Parrott, Ph. D,
Princeton University.
Charles Forster Smith. Ph. D.,
• r - University of Wisconsin.
Isaao N. Demraon, A. M., LL. D.,
University of Michigan.
; Arthur H. Palmer, M. A.,
";;V Yale University.
Maurice Francis Egan, LL. D.,
.CTathollc University : of .America. .-•*.
:-v. Charles Horswell,' Ph.D., ¦'¦'. •..'•
•;.:¦.: Northwestern University..- '"• " •
:./' ¦•:. ¦"¦¦¦ Miss Vida" D. Soudder, y\}:\
' y V.-i r .",i iWellesley College. ¦ :•;: - '
': . L : . . Charlotte Brewstsr Jordan, • .
• . V ' : '¦ : ; •'-¦.'¦ Philadelphia. " , . •
'.•'. '¦¦ John Leverett Moore, PL D., . : ' : :
¦'-.— .-•l' ":' Vassar College. • •.. .-¦
.;..;. Joseph Villiers Denney, A. Mi,' :' ;
Ohio State University. •
. Luoius A. Sherman, A. 8., Ph.D ,
• ¦ . University of Nebraska.
Charles Flint McClumpha, A, 8., Ph.D.,
. '. University of Minnesota. • :
John Carieton Jonas, A. M., Ph. D-, =
University of Missouri.
Amos Noyes Currier, A. M., LL. Di,
University of lowa. ; •
August Hjalmar.Edgren, Ph. D.,' ¦
, . University of Nebraska. .
Charles W. Bsnton, M. A., Litt. D.,
"; ¦ -. University of Minnesota.
. ..William J Eoplcina, S.B , '
¦ ; ; ¦ " Drcxel Institute. '=
Professor Benno Eirsohbaum,'-
1 " ' Philadelphia: .• • T. : ¦
George W. Qilsoa, •
¦ Buffalo. N. T. " ."'. "
And. ethers whose names appear. in con-
nection with the programme of studies.
¦-. : *^:-V ;; ': *' ' '*" : • * - -.":'< ; "
5• =^li n 9l nsh and ™ [th rattle they rush to the battle.
•/^The hosts of tho milk-selling olnna: :¦ •- ' '<
; •EfiLCh cow-r.-iising farmnr girds on the bright armor
'Of five and ten: gallon milk cans. . ,••- •
They cry: ."\\e-will bust the ferocious milk tru«t.
No matter how great be the slaughter; -
No gallant milk vender .will ever surrender. 0 . '
.;. . J\or will he be forced to take water.
"For it's war to the knife. -. ¦ .
• « ..; : -•.*.¦ And the knife to the hilt. - '
And the nght will he won. J \
•; > Though much milk may be Bpllt. M .
The Padrone System in San
Francisco.
Mayor Phelan boasts that 4ie lias' power; to remove
f:t iri office. am-; employe 'of' the city jgoveriinjeht whp ;
h dereiictto his duty. •' If" his Honor continues "to
irizt every scrap of /patronage, in", sight he wiilHave
ti * satisfaction in i_ removal's ;of knowing thafiielKis
thrown out one of b&own appointees.'.- ¦ . •'. .-. : -
Juies J. Callundan has filed a claim for $6o in <:orn
prnsation for his c senices in the Police' Department
He probably thinks that the labor involved iri dodg
ing a patrolman's uniform is worth the money. =
;VScr.i9usly;.'K^ enough
to kriowr btttcr' than, kieep-iip. this .everlasting ; s\vagger
and swasiibyckiing. ..Thciake: and hectiq; notipn r of
honor which; requires the. c.othnjjsMori of rhurclenpri
a^jproybcaticjh' that-Vbuld hot 'justify "a. : fisticuff is so
jar behiridthe age as to be asignof cowardice rather
than cpdrage, = What the State 'seems to need is' the
addition of boxing schools to its educational system.
Let men be/ taught how, to use their fists, and then
hold ; a s peace ; c conference, disarm, and thereafter use.
their fists instead. of a- gun iri vindication of real or
imaginary honor. . "- ' / :': '- ''• r - •' '; , . •
There are five official reporters of the
House,' and they draw $5000 a year each
in addition to what they can make by re-
porting the proceedings of House com-
mittee hearings. . , . ....
Bronze Exhibition and Concert,
..Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Last
day. of the exhibition of bronzes and
vases. From' 9 'a. m. to 5 p. m. Concert
this evening from 8 to 11. .Admission 25
cents.; .-.¦•. •
In Next
SUN-
DAY'S
Z^ 1 A T T
CALL:
FEBRUARY 4. 1900.
ested In the civH service under the new
charter wilt scan the columns of The Call
dally they will discover all the informa
tion that there is given out in regard to
the workings of the commission and its
relations to the ; ¦¦•¦;¦¦• ..
bESERTION-rGy VN. . % Mare island/ CaL
A man ;whp desert* from the; United
States army may be arrested . and/ pun
ished for that. desertion at any time dur
ing the time of /his enlistment and at
nny time during two years after that timo
has run out. A deserter from the. army
or Tiavy. of. the United States forfeits hia
rights of citizenship, and such a deserter
is Incapacitated from holding any ofilc»
of trust or profit under the United States
No deserter shall be enlisted iij the mili
tary or naval service. : " :
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FRA DIAVOLO— J.. City. The opera of
"Fra Diavolo," by Auber, is a comic
opera. .' ..¦'.¦ '.',':. .' :•. ¦¦'--.•'¦. ,;¦ ;'¦-'..
DRAM OF EALE— "W." F. P., City;
"Dram of eale," which was recently use<J
In an article in The Call, means "dram of
ale> " ¦• ••-•:-¦' /- ' ¦• '-¦ ' '•' '•'¦•'¦'•• : " :: ' v - : '¦'•'
HEAVY ARTILLERY— H; E, M,. For
estville, Cal. For Information about join
ing'the heavy artillery of the United
States apply to the recruiting officer at
the Presidio, San Francisco. /. ; .; .
CIVIL, SERVICE-A. 3-. ~ City/ :It this
and other correspondents/ who are lnter-
tricksters, criminals and gaiiiblefs/^^>|^-^y; v -K-3v ; ;> ;: ;{^^7-^t.-A^^ :¦ ; . ' : ..• V. ¦ .' ••¦:.:. W
.: .. >v ; -He ; has _-; used what evil : power he possesseel to : drag out of the social sewer and to
elevate to public place and^h^
a .profanation in the hearing of 'decent people,! whose presence 'has been an insult and
whose touch moral pollution: .He has. o
nerys iritp official life, : Republican members of the Legislature, dare you in justice, to
yourselves indorse people of
Galiforhia make . his principles the standard of social; mbrality in this Stated his career
and character -the criterion of public rneri? :. ¦ :.^ • ¦'• ' , " '•"•'''
¦^ . '/^ Do you wish' your constituents and; the; great. political. pa
lieve that you esteem a trickster in private life; a defaulter iripublic office; a vyorthy type
of/yourHves and: the:. idea
your search for. a stained an
to elevate him to a positi jh _; that'is: the/goal of honorable^ men? :;" Can. you find- nb\yhere
in the ranks of the Republican party of this. State a-mah whose pnvat|"characte^
reproach,^ whbse :: public life^ is his ;passport-to:the: councils of decent . men/ whbse qualities
of mind and morals : establisli hini as : the 'eqiialbf the best :in the nation? -;M X , ['¦ '•';..•; ..• '
: v-^ ; Surely' you caiv do: so/ and; s
lature fifty-five; Republicans proclaimed with theirs votes tha
dearly, and; cherished ¦;. the- ; good ? nam6 ; and; future ;6f : California;; top : fleeply to injure botli
with an irreparable: wjOitnd. by electing^a scburidfel, to: the ; lJhited. States Senate. i^Fifty
Republicansjt this, the^ extraordinary; session, are leagued to prevent/the pefpetration
of the; second attempt;/ Aqd/tbyou, Republicans ;pf the Legislature
peal is madiei.;/ /Upon you rests /the responsibility of a sacred duty/. You are at the turh^
ingof -.-ttie ? ways. /On one side is the beckoning 1 finger of an ingrate who robbed the'man
who befriended him, who . violated a public trust by theft, who has degraded public' life
in California and debauched public men. On- the other is the wide choice of many men,
any of whom will worthily represent the State in Washington. Upon you, Republicans
of the Legislature, is the burden of choice. The honor of the State is in your hands.
Guard it as sacredly as your own: v / '.¦'•¦¦ ¦';¦'¦ // ¦;,/': - - ' •• -.'• ' /./;,/ ¦ • :' ' '¦
Serve shall be deride^, ;iitstilted:ahdlcohdemned^ the. councils^ of the natibii
it shallf^c fespectfcd,* honored and admired." ¦ ;*; * °" :,: /: : ; .''-.,.- ';.' °~'. '¦' ?/'? /' ; ; s .'¦.:¦;
. :' 'Republican^members:btthe ¦Legislature; ;will you abuse. your tremeildous pbwer by
sending; to fas a: Unite<d States Senatbr a man wlio' -lias : been recreant \to
the sacredest obligations of private life, who has been; false to. '-every principle of dut^'in
a shameful public career?. / Db you intend to .your high offices \by electing to
the national legislature D, M. JBurns^ a self-confessed defaulter, a man without con
science in his relations to those that have been bound to him by, ties of •¦frieridshiji" or. as
sociated with him in the larger relationship of .office? j)o^ you, Republican mem
bers of the Legislature, intend^ to clothe with the /exalted dignity of Federal Senator
ship a man who,. by authority of his own impudent admission, robbed this State of $31;
?38 59? L \O-:: : 'J v.r^^V '^ Ss®©S ; l X W^^f^M^M
Do you purpose to make, in the eyes of Califorma'and of the nation, yoiir master,
leader and moral and intellectual superior a man who received from his friend and busi
ness partner a dying malediction for -/his treachery,, dishonesty arid '• cruel ..'dealings?'/; Is "it
your wish to give to this man added power to harm.and larger sphere in which to oper
ate his principles of vrascality in private life and of dishonor in public station? He has
hovered about the very chambers; in which you sit, seeking as the paid lobbyist of-cor
rupt and corrupting corporations to pollute your predecessors in office and to prostitute
them before California as men who valued ¦¦.their honor no more than.. as a thing to be
bought and sold. He has ¦ been and is the associate, friend, advisor and protector of
HOWEVER discreditable may haye ;been ; :tbe : *moti\'es; bf : the. GbVernpr ; in -calling
the e^tra session, the;:: Republican members, or the have /.ndw>a. ; solemn
:^duty;t:bxperfor^
again tile opportunity or v the .po\ver
bred them with; the : dignity-'bf office, so vital a service ai : it ':.is;. in .their" hands; 'now;: to
grant or Jto;.refuse. members' of the I^gis^
fare of; Calif ortn^ tjLt vis^for. you/tovd^cide. wheUie^ the State/ you
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
Th» California Limited. Santa V Rout* '
Connecting train "• leaves 5 p. m., Monday
Wednesday. Friday and Saturc.ay. Finest
equipped tra!n; and best track ol any 11ns to
de-East. Ticket office. C2S Market street.
THE SUNDAY CALL'S
. MAGAZINE SECTION
LEADS ALL OTHERS.
Ladles take Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters
generally;, when feel . low 'spirited. It
brightens them up immediately. , .
Ships to Be Run by Sun
Povver._ o
Personally Conducted Excursions '
In lmnrovfrd wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the"' welfare of -passengers.
To Chlcaeo and Kansas . City erery Sundar
Wednesday and Friday. ; -To Boston." Montreal
and . Toronto every Wednesday.; rTo St. Louis
e\-ery , Sunday. ;, To St, : Paul • every Sunday ana
Friday. • Tlckettofflce. 62S Market street.
Experience of an English
Lord Who Was Used as
Tiger Bait./ " s
The Berkeley Co-Eds. /• '¦¦:¦
; The Super's Secret.
! GulJlet'ii.l<'e'Cr«'am and Cakes. 905 Larkln at.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
/Special : , Information supplied dally to
business houses, and. public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Story of California's
Oddest Tourist.
Grand Masquerade Ball.
A grand. masquerade. ball will.be given
by the Gesellschaft Teutonia on Saturday
evening, at Teutonia Hall, 1322 Howard
street. The grand march will begin at 9
p.- m. sharp. Only maskers will be al-
lowed on. the floor before 12 o'clock. Many
grotesque and novel costumes have been
ordered for the affair, and those who at-
tend will be guaranteed a good time.
ate, : and rbtten-egged Simon Bolivar Buckner, Ken
tucky: needed something to take its own dark red
taste out of its>ci6uth. : ; -The attack on Goebe? seems
tb^be ;; the first, gun;. ¦¦':';;"; ';•• -i';yy \ } '\ \ :' V ?'. ¦ \ \
'¦It is a queer mixture. . - A\ few years . ago Goebel
killed- another :,niah, it was believed, .unfairly. The
victim was a bosom friend of BlackbuTn,. and the Sen
ator appeared immediately bareheaded arid \ in the
presence of, high Heaven : took an.awful oath.that lie
ivould" thenceforth exist: . for the';., sole purpose ..of
aA^nging on "Goebel 'the.. murder fof. his;. fritrid.j. That
frierKithas stayed murdered ever v sinc"e^. but;, ;Bl3ck^
burn ; arid ;<jc^bei:' ran i.tbgeUier; .la^t ; sumniiif, spoke
;fromf(lie;;sa^£Vpliffprrn';..;drank . frdm/the:. sariie ¦¦¦flask
•andy.were'thev.CastOr^ ; 'kttU'iP6lhV^" ; 6r : ihe ; 'Brya : hv-anriy:-
\ Recently: :.stiHy'roor<; ¦ tender. :f elation' \yas. hinted )n
llie.f expectation,; tha^
: Blackburn's ..sori-ih-la w. . ; . It ; . all . reiadsVlike .the = • adf'
: T&^;^i3^i^i^.dorlv: ./fl.f'r'the.: blood. :-Pt
Blackburn^s : slaughtpfed^ Atii±rid : is '..still crying . : froni
tbe'grbund.itiis about ;as tirei 'gQreVas^verVyoic'iriizwl
its' rijqucst.-f or-l'ven geance, {.ah^d :.i'f-._'ooel»'eii jiatS" jFaile.n;4t
js-^ifot^^wltf?.^ci^bus. i re.de.rnptipn^^
IJufh'ii Oatll. -I' ¦'• \ ''¦{¦¦¦¦\/'J : ->" : :; t '<-~i ?•'¦:•'£-. -:.'H.'. .••• v ':' : i': : ;'. ; ¦'.: .
~Mr. Joseph Britton's .open, commendation -of P6r
lice Commissioner Biggy must have made .sprrv
re-ding yesterday for. .little;' Mayor Phelan. The
wculd-be crar had no stronger supporter before ejec
tion than Mr. Britton, and he undoubtedly put great
ftore on that gentleman's. published statements. lie
does not need to read between the lines in this last
t tntement to see that his . i tahchest , friends are': fast
deserting him. / : '' ;>.->:4 :;'./; '¦':¦¦. : fe~" • : v..V:' •'•^T-'tVr-'^ •¦
Now; will Police Cornmisslpiier - .Thomas b^^cittd; :
since Mayor Phelan, noted; {or desejryon^of^hjslpjcH
litical friends, has repudiated^;, his ;
r:ifht?; "I assure you. sir/fthe ; Jittlfr.cidrV sSitJ;;^hdt:
I am not responsible for what :^rr;\ yTh^aV Vsays^
How does the great Jiiej-seriger- I><^
for the papier mache de^potVsilce ; tiiat?v;r ¦• ; ?. : - : : iY. : 'Y -/-.
Tl:e Governor .insist? i ; that\lhe/ I^jiislature/mun
c!-oosc .as United States. Senator .;a- mair whp- khpwV
something about the ivar -in Spajn.; ; Thjs Ss. probab/iy
3 delicate reference, : to C the : :6t: : ;OA6ncl
1' • ; m s•'in - Mexico, wh c re,. ; .•..no. ...db.ubt.f. \ he i :' ."• bec/aine
fnrni'.iar- with Spanish ihstiiutioris. : ,'--.w ¦'¦'¦. v : .V :: \ -':V-- :
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. Jan. 31.— George Hodges
and .E. Benedict of San Francisco are at
the Empire; Charles T. Scott of tos An
geles is at. the Manhattan; Daniel See
burger and wife, of I^os : Angeles, are at
the Netherlands. i / .* . :
What to Do When the Nurse
Says "It's a Boy."
/I •: ; ; By ROBERT J. BURDETTE.
A TALE OF TWO CITIES.
SAN FRANCISCO is not .the only municipal
storm center in . the country. There are other
..troubles than purs and. other cities are in tor
ment. Chicago is feeling the irritation of a Mayor,
who has recently made a. declaration whiqh virtually
amounts to an assertion that he is the government^
that the Aldermen need not think, that the heads of
departments need not think, that the people need not
think/ thatrthe.'Maybr. wni;do - all the thinking and
the *' rest > of. the community may saw wood and say
notlling,, Philadelphia is trying to. reconcile. two re
form parties, into a -sweet: harmony which; will en
able them to reform 'the: city by; first reforming them
selves, and T e\v r ork 'is .harried ; by. anxious
thoughts of possible combinations of the Republican
machine with, the ; bemocratic machine for the grind
ing of grist that \ will "go into the sacks of politicians
only. Those, however, are common troubles, not
w4!lely different from, those that beset ourselves, but
there' are 'two' cities Whose pains are of a diverse na
ture and of a keener pang, and to them in their suf
fering some attention should. be given. .
First of the two is Boston. . In that center of in
tellect Hal: life /and blue stockings : v the ; unmarried
women are at. war against the married women. The
causfe of the strife is that the spinsters have" banded
themselves. together into a society calling itself "The
Association for the Preservation of the Rights of
Unmarried Women." The particular right they are
seeking to preserve just now. is; that ¦;' of earning
wages, and to accomplish it they propose that.no
married woman shall be employed as a wage-earner
in Boston so long as any unmarried woman remains
without employment. It. is a battle between women,
but every man who. employs labor is involved in it'
and for the time; being Jife in Boston is not widely
different from existence in Hades. . . . .
... /The; ¦second city^of dreadful, night is Baltimore! : ' : A
battle ;.ra^es: •there^imoiig^tiie^milWmen. /.There %k
seilersv-ihe^oa rdv p{ :.' Health^ah d i t lie : mil W; trusi.^ Up
. \ tp. .^ate; it^ppe^sfthatCthe 'parties;, who .Tiave/^uftered
¦^ ii P s '. t '."nj.ilk ;. corisuniersJ v The:.; trust 'is': trying to
: /.ewsh llie.-seliersi'th^/p trying to crush
: the;tri% and/the^6aVd::6f'irealtlvby,its- rigid con-^
:demn^ipn. ; of:.all;niiikv:in:sight; seems desirous 'of
crushing the producc>. r; For:aliifv<; : there; was no milk
in' Baltiipore,Vand ; fro.rn"ali- parts "of. the' city rose *
' C -^^^^T-' :?--•-•"^^ pt^ ; -' * *^M!^j^Pl3^^s'??i«M^i : *^»nst one
anp^her,;and a wailing of children, biit Nothing in. the
'way- of milk to spread aCcream' of peace and corisola
tipn upon" the' scene. .;•;.- . : . ':¦-.. ' ; ; . ':
'¦--.^^^oston. the trouble ;has been borne .with ; exeni
plarvpatieiice. -or/perhaps "with cowardice. Men
have -thought it nQblbr.;6r.discreeter to say nothing
[and tas.irig.jowV ln Baltimore, however, the racket has
.j-bee.n.ioud; Even the poets'; have taken part' iri. it, and
lone of them sings!: •' - ! - ; . .' •. \
KENTUCKY POLITICS
¦ r I ;HE Kentucky campaign . ope,ned last summer
'¦¦'¦'¦¦ I like the explosion of a powder factory. . So
lurid- was the prospect that his friends warned
Colonel : 3rj'a n that he was • in : dan ger of perforation
with leadeq bulfctj if he made .speeches; there. '-. \Vhcn
this dire news was enlarged a Kentucky Democratic
member ol Congress explained . that the people of
his State, were peculiar, and in :the enthusiasm of the
moment; were apt to applaud or admonish a speaker
with'a gun. .Tlve. 'first day's /.speaking witnessed, the
fainting awajv on tlic platform, of, four Democratic;
too full ;foi- utter
ance. : But witH. all the sulphurous preparations the
campaign passed without a single . imirder. '•: .Colonel
Bryan waited, till the first frost had blackened, the
pawpaws and softened the persimmons and then re,
sorted to the dark and bloody, ground and calmed to
slumber sweet the angry, passions, of the people.; .:
Except, for the wild shooting done by Colonel Col
son at Franicfort.it seemed as if the whole process, of
electing a Republican Governor, counting him out,
and.then couiitinjg him in, inaugurating him and
then .illegally; taking the. office, from him, would pass;
without vindicating the State's reputation for decid
ing-such . great ¦ questions ..by bloodshed. It goes
without paying that to miss such an opportunity for
a -gun ifigHt . was felt jto be a reflection upon the well
•<pirnexl feputatipn .of the State.; Having sent. Car
lisle into exiiev and re-elected Blackburn to the Sen-
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
R. L#. Pulton of Reno, Nev., is a guest
at' the Lick." '.'.' .. ~-:\ : ;- ;'*-.-h:";V;yV; '.¦'.¦-.•
. Dr.. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San Juan
are at the Palace! .... ; : . ¦'¦"\:.^'-- _'V- : ;=--/.;
% W. ~W. Chapin is at tho Palace from his
home In Sacramento. . . ;, '•. ; .
Dr. . Barton J. Powell of Sacramento Is
a guest at the Grand,; . •' v ; ¦' •>' ¦• ¦' '. .
Cy Miilkey, a- miri© : .owner of Napa, is
a guest at. the Grand.- ¦'.]. '¦-. ;• .
M. G. Reed, a well-known orchardlst of
Pomona, Is at the Rusb.. . : . j
Dr. J. H; Payne, U. S. N., Is among; the
recent arrivals at the Palace. . . ; : . : .
:D. H. Dollar,- a. wealthy landrowner of
tlsal, Is a- guest at the Grand. . . . ¦ ;!•:
L. : R. Rockwell, an oil speculator of
Selma, is a guest at the Lick. : ,
• E. S. Valentine, a popular '; Insurance
man of Fresno, is registered at the Lick.
W. W. : Worthing, a wealthy merchant
of Stockton, Is registered at the Grand.
H. 11. Hunter, the San Jose mining ex
pert, is one of the late arrivals at the
Grand. : :'. .¦';./' '¦..-:• ' ¦/¦. '•• . . '. ' '¦.• ¦'• '
John Bevan. a wealthy. liondoner, la at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife and
daughter. ' ' : : ¦ _¦/ : / r YYr. '¦_"..
Charles C. Derby has come ddwn from
the New Almaden mines, and is at the
Ocldehtal. .-..¦:¦• : . ; .: . : ..
¦Arthur SewalU tho millionaire shipown
er of Ball;, Me., has returned from the
Hawaiian Islands/ ' " ;.' ¦¦¦.• .'•' -.".¦ .¦.;-.¦';¦. ¦¦
... R. E. Jacks, ; the San Luis Oblspo
banker and capitalist, is among the ar
rivals of last night at the Palace. •.
Yacobyis,; a traveler from Amsterdam,
Holland; and Max Gross., who registers
from Berlin, are. at tho Palace.
Comto J. B. de la. Bosse, a French
nobleman, arrived yesterday on tho Nip
pan Maru from the Orient and is at the
Occidental. .. .
R.Marpole.J.R. Graham and C. G.
Johnson,; Canadian Pacific officials, who
have come to this city .on; business con
nected with their road, are registered at
tho Occidental from Victoria,. B. C. : .:.
MARRIED TO
A SOLDIER
Nuptials of Lieut. Gardner
.. and Miss Harriet f
; • '." , Smith. . . "
: Yesterday at noon Lieutenant Rogers
Y. Gardner, Light Battery C, Third Artil
lery,. U.S. A, and Miss Harriet T. Smith
were married. Chaplain Macorhber offi
ciating at the impressive ceremony.' ;'• •.
Only the immediate relatives witnessed
the miirriage, which was celebrated at the
residence of Mrs. Stanley Ewinff, an aunt
of the bride. /Lieutenant Ralph P. Brower
Of Light Battery ' c; ' Third Artillery, acted
as best man and the Misses Catherine and
Caroline Smith officiated as bridesmaids.
The bride a m6dlsh tailor gown of
mauve cloth, with bpnoet to match. ¦ ••¦
There will toe no bridal tour and the
lieutenant and his wife will take up .their
residence at the Presidio. ¦¦.... :
A CHANCE fOR A HEARING
AA.YOR PHELAN'S announced intention to
remove William J. Biggy from the Police
Commission gives a promise that the- people
may yet have an opportunity to have the whole of: the
Mayor's bargain with Lawrence brought to light/by
an investigation in open court- If an attempt be made
to remove him by autocratic power upon some mis
erable pretext the Commissioner will have; the; right
cf an appeal to the courts, and then will come th?
exposition. ¦¦ , ' '/ • . ' '¦'
Under such circumstances the determinatipn. of
I'helaa and Law^nce to remove Commissioner
I-iggy and put a pliant tool of their own in his place
will be one of those outrages that carry a remedy
with them. In fact, for the sake of getting a chance
to have 2n examination of the affair in court, the
public might be willing to see the Mayor undertake
to remove t'e Commissioner who has stood for. the
indfpcndcr.ee of the board and for an honest.admin
istration of its duties^: ¦/ ~Y ¦']}'¦ '¦'. ;'~ : - -}'~°: : r; v'V ;/ \ -V
Tlic Call has repeatedly charged that prior to the
election' Mayor Pheian entered into an illegal a:id ne
farious bargain with Lawrence and others to turn
the Police Department of the city over to them in
case of his election..' A\"ith each reiteratipn of the
clKirge The Call has challenged flavor Phelan to sue
it for libel in orderthat the truth of; the' charges
?nijjht be made known by 'sworn' testimony. The
Mayor, howrvcr. has abstained ;frbm any such pro
ctcding. With a careful discretion he has fought
>' y .y of the courts. : t^ra^^Q^e
v arj- th.an he in avoiding anything in the f»rm of a
jidiciai investigation, and the challenges of The Call
to a trial have been in vain; :. /v •• •>.'•' " .•"•¦',:¦'
It is true that the bargain between the Mayor and
the blacklegs has been very fully exposed as it is. The
i..v<;tigation of the charges, agaiustEsbla brought Xo
Kght the facts that iPhelan and Lawrence 'had man y
'conferences " on the . subject^tliit^iibla w;is Law
nnce's candidate, ilyzt ; Esolia •¦ ' could hot. remember
liiying met the Coinmissioners../ within two weeks
previous to the time that he gave ilis testimony, and
ijnee the investigation the. Examiner has openly .de-r
roujicrd i3:e refusal of the commission /to elect Espla
as a violation of a promise, af treason to the Mayor,
.-is the breaking of a pledge. WiUi. all those facts
made known to the public it is «a?y. to understand
tvhy .' PheJan has shrunk. from meeting .T'S'e • -Gall be
f( re Judge and jury, arid there will be ho little satis
faction if his fury now hurries him. into courses
which will lead him into the courts' he has been so
rtjuctant to enter. ' ¦;.." '¦•.".".¦•. ; : %'..--*.-¦ .- ' ¦¦'• '¦¦''? - : ¦':.' '
Commissioner Biggy; need not iear, and does not
ftar, any attacks the blacklegs and gamblers may
n ake upon him cither tjimugh Examiner/ or'
tl<rough the Mayor. In the conscidusness of right he
Cf>u!d stand alone, if need were, but he will not have
to do so. The intelligence of the people has now
comprehended the conspiracy of the gang to use the
police force for their profit and to run a wide open
town for* every form of vice that would pay black^
nail or share profits with them, and with that has
conic nji appreciation of the vvprth of those who -'have.'
baffled the scheme. ;'-.' .-.'-' : -'-i-:''y '¦¦'¦'¦" ' ; ' : . : :..-. : ..¦ ¦/ '¦ /.
In his rage Phelan may attempt to remoVe Biggy
zr.d carry out his part of the :con?pi racy shamelessly
before the public, bnt it. will profit him littlev . Such
an action will do no more than confirm the truthLof
the charges of The Call and fasten the corning. of
the day when in open court /.his;/ falseness : ind.<c6r±
n:ption ?hall be proven under bath. .. ¦a-^Y .''¦-;'!¦
UNDER WHICH FLAG WILL YOU STAND?
'iHUR5DAY. . . ......... .:., .FE8RUARY i, ipoo
JOHN D. SPRECKELS/ Proprietor. V '// .;¦•.'
Woress AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. ;
:'t ULICATIOX OFFICE.. Market .and Thlcd. 8. V.
Telephone Mala ISOS. : : / ;/
: iJiiouiAi, R00M5...,:i7 to 221 IteTtnioa St,
Telephone Mala. 18T4.;,. .:¦;.>/;../;/ -\ ¦;:¦
Delivered fty Currlern. IS CrnU Per Week.
Stairle Coptea. 5 Cent*.. '?;. •/ ./¦ • ..:
. . - Tertnn bj- .Mnll. Inoludtnc Poataset
' \II,Y CALL (Inrlndlnc Sunday), one year..f.(l.oo
li IIL.Y CALL <lncltidlne Snndnr), O months. . B.QO
1) VIL\ CALL (inclndlnir Sandar). 3 months.. 1.r.0
J»\ILV CALL Ur Siucle Month... ......... OS«
M.MJ*V CALL Obv Year. ...... ........... 1.50
\. KIiKLY CALL Oae Year. ............... 1.00
Ml paattaaalera are nothorlted to receiTtp,'.
• aticrlpllaoi. ;;/.'. • ; :\.\ 'y^^:
' • tuple <<«ple« «Tfll be forunrdfd when requested
CREATOR OF DOOLEY
HERE FROM CHICAGO
FINLAY P. ¦DTJNNE COMES TO
y: ¦•':/. ; THE COAST TO? REST. ' {
Willy Spend Some Time ia the State
[¦I J.^; \: Before Returning itai }• • v
•; ' .'r ;•• .-' ; - ' ' Chicago.' ,', > •••;.. ¦
VFlnlay Peter Dunne, : ? whose creation of
the popular '"DodleyV. has, given him famie.
wherever: the' English langiiajsre Is spoken
and Irish hii mor: 1 s?a"ppTeciited . is. a guest
at. the -Palace. He; arrived yesterday, on.
Overland .-from: Chicago .and! will^ re-,
main until; he ;has thoroughly, exhaiisted
/.the' /sights .and ¦pleasures of San Fran-i
clscb.. Ills ¦ trip Is taken with the object
of, obtaining ; a;. llttlo; ; recreation- and rest
and wiH;be ; contirtued/until. he', feels: that
he has had.hlsr.fair share ,pf-viic£itlOn'l 'V' ¦
•_• Mr';. Dunne >vas .born. in'ChicaiKpSandUs
about 20 years of age, ?l ie has been doing
Tiewspaper '/work, /for; nearly 'flftepri -years
and has jit one, time: or another, occupied
about -.every; position- oh a', big paper.
When' he , was only 21 years of. age. he
was city- editor of the Chicago . Tirhes.
which position, he gave up to beconie Sun
day editor of. the Tribune. .' r :
As Mi-. ; Dunne, did not take kindly to
desk -work, he resigned his place on the
Tribune, to take up the -work -of a re
porter. •. •¦¦ '.:,.-• ¦• • .• - •
Hla first Irish sketch was at the time
of the Sulllvan-Corbett fight, when he
told how the news of the great fistic bat
tle was. received, in a Chicago hall, and
he took for the central figure of his arti
cle Colonel Thomas ; Jefferson Dolan, a
well-known local politician, who has since
died. The story was- received with such
favor that Mr.' Dunne • created "Dooley,"
and haa had him talking to the delight
of the-populace ever since. ' . .
The "Dooley" sketches have recently
appeared in book form both in this coun
try and England; and Mr. Dunne is de
riving a big royalty from their sale, Mr.
Dunne is a cousin of Archbishop Rlordan
of. this city, and Is much disappointed at
the absence of hia relative, whom he ex
pected to see herei. :.
With Mr. Dunne is Mr. Grler, a Chicago
Board of Trade man,, and together they
have been spending some time in the
mountains en route to the • coast. The
trip has already been of much benefit to
them both, and Mr. Dunne expresses him
self so well satisfied with what he has
thus far seen of California that he dreads
to think of the day when he will be forged
to return to Chicago and resume, his 'du
ties as managing editor of the Journal.
THE SA^ FRAiSrcrSCp '', CAIiL, THURSDAY, FEBRtJARY 1, 1000.
LEGISLATOR EXPECTED
TO REPUDIATE BURNS
•titeriof Press- PeclaresJ Th^
¦ "¦: spbnsibiiity of Rejec;tingthe RaHroadrs Can
¦Xi Relate Now ? ;;Rbs^s;.Witfe>t.ii^ v
sentatives at Sacramento.
¦¦':-. ¦:. • ,;;=¦. •:•.;;.¦¦¦::::>¦¦ - : tOS: ANGELES HERALD;-- : .:.r.V| '£.*''? '¦¦ '¦ s ¦¦':';<¦¦ '¦'
/ If 'the ; oßep*ibiicaris 6t im\St^^y^ny : : hop^ ?f .Faylng^heir^partv^orn
the utter ¦SHamefthatTls^mpW^
which: to act; -and" /at -this; writing, it loaks; as^if the /party /had : scv.prostituted
itself that the disgrace; and its; punishment are- Inevitab c. ./!= -v ;^. . «^i e9
:¦ It ls^nfldently asserted thatVDanielM, Burns; wlir.be elected Lifted Stages
Senator:wlthin-a very^fe^ hours after the legislature Is In: session and these^are
the .shameful reasons urged for that confidence* .^ ;,^_^"W^ ?nW<,« the Gov
: - (1)- That the extra session, would ,fS£^rirS^tS*
ernor and.hjs advisers; if not /his masters.; were certain that ¦ the , result tney
have long/hoped for could be. consiimrnatied.: v :^ v... •.:. ¦ :^ : C l^"^^_-pr«r : *»aye
¦, (2) That speedy action, Is: lmperat.v^.
no great confidence In their .slaves anu are afraid they wilt only stay sold muu,
mark . them: if the ..conspiracy ia pr.oirac t. .-«!; and they desire fifflK^HS '
in" and slink home again, like whipped .urs with, as fleet l o^ n as t^ ss &^ r . d
, These, forsooth, are noble reasons for setjdlnga.sumissor^ aSSi:ftSS2
name of Stephen M. White, to repres.sit California, in \he. United Smte^Seruwe
Better a thousand times that we remain unrepresented than that we .incur ._ine
ghastly ignominy of exposing such corruption to the. whole nation.. . ;.. ; ..: : -, .
V . ¦¦'¦-¦ . REDLANDS CITROGRAPH. :,; - :¦ ' "¦'¦.
• • • The situation Is In the hands of the legislature^ They mast do their
duty. The Republican party would have been :in bad shape to go before the
people In a national campaign without pur full complement of Senators. It woulJ.
we believe, have been too heavy a handicap to have; been overcome. And if. ad
seems, to us probable, we should have lost the Legislature, then a Democrat
would' have been promptly elected. - > .: : ;; -¦¦ ¦'¦'¦¦' : ¦ _»-?
Many Republicans oeem to think Colonel Burns Is sure of the election next
week. We do not see how they figure it out. -He never, had over 31. %otes:Ma
it takes 61 to elect. It is unthinkable to us that the opposition to C 01 ?"®. 1^)? 1 ™
will vote for him. The fight has been too bitter for that. :&&**£ opp ?SA.P «ii
Burns combine they can win easily. If. they do as they did before, scatter ail
over the State, Colonel Burns will win. That's all there is to It. + . M _ w«_
Ab for ourself we will be satisfied with any clean, honest, respectabl© Re
publican, be he from the north or south. Our choice Is for Thomas R- Bara or
Ventura. From the north we would !tke to see Genera! N. P. Chlpman eec"^ 1 -
But, like the old maid, we say, "Give us any one so he is a man. Olv"e ua tne
outward semblance of a man, but within "full of rbtttnness and dead man ¦
bones," and we march to certain defnat at the polls next November.
, Gentlemen, we await your verdict. . . • ;; '¦•¦•. •"'.; ? .
. . ....¦¦•¦•• .-. -¦¦.¦••..¦.¦¦¦....¦., • ¦ -¦
-. \ . ••:;-;. . EUREKA STANDARD. . f:j'-};-:
Many think that Colonel Burns has secured promise of sufficient support to
elect him, but well informed men lo not believe this, and say that a newsman
will be brought" forward by the Republicans and elected: Judge Barham.of this
district is a ttrong man: Irving M. Scott is also mentioned. 1 and many believe ho
will be the compromise candidate. George Knight may loom up as a strong man.
Any one of these three men would please the majority of the voters in Humbokit.
It is freely stated that all the candidates who were voted for at the regular ses
sion will withdraw. Grant has done so already, but we are not so sure tnat jjurna
will not make a determined fight to v in. : .. • -. -. : - . _t«i,
Whatever be done should be done quickly, as the cost of ar extra session wi.i
be large If it be prolonged. The eighty- live Republicans, in the Legislature :» no }"«l
so conduct this session as to leave the party in better condition, ana not in»
worse for the work done during their stay in Sacramento. :. . . ;.. ,¦". ~
"-,:..- ..: -.. . . .• ¦ ._ • • .. • •'•••. : • ¦••.• ¦ ••¦ .' • -'¦¦•¦. ¦. - ¦¦'
¦ ¦ ¦:..,.: ;.;. VALLEJO TIMES. .¦: . ;--;;•. : ;• ¦ '.- . :;'. ' J ". v
When Gage called the extra session of the Legislature he thought things had
been fixed for the election of Burns to the Senate. The Governor has; since
learned that 'everything.- has not been flxfd. but, on the contrary, that the. mem
bers of the Legislature are no nearer to the selection of the colonel as Senator
than they were on the last day of the regular session. Of course, there are
Burns men who make extravagant claims, but the anti-Burns men point out
that in 120 ballots at the last session Burns gained jttst four votes-, and further
state that In the face. of all claims no one has been able to lay finger upon a
single man who voted against Burns last session who proposes to vote for him
now. The wide publicity which has been given to the names of the anti-Burns
men and the general suspicion against men in this category who may change, will
have a tendency to stiffen the backs of these who might otherwise weaken.,
¦ . ¦¦.¦-••¦ • ..••: • . ••...-. ¦....-¦-•... . - . ... '..'..••
SANTA ROSA PRESS DEMOCRAT.
• •• The claim that the interests of the State demand a special session
of the Legislature at this time la not true. The Interests that are to be served
are private and not public interests. The motive inspiring the call was not pa
triotism, but polltlct. Governor Gage is the representative of the Republican
party and the Legislature is a Republican body. . :-y , . ... -
Let the Republican party take the consequences. . :.-.- .'"'¦' r \
•¦':..,-•'-. '•' .".••.•¦¦•" - ORANGE POST. : - ;\ .. -v - ••¦ ¦;.-•-... ¦ '/b;.- : ::!-
V • •'• In the opinion of the Post It is Infinitely better to put up with one
Senator from California than to elevate a man of questionable reputation to a
seat In the United States Senate. On the other hand, only the Individuals who
perpetrate or countenance the wrong should be punished therefor. The Repub
lican voters shouhi relegate every legislator who votes for Burns to private life
and put men In their places who can be trusted to defend the good name of
the party and State. ¦."• ¦ - .¦¦¦." ''¦¦¦:' ¦¦¦¦'¦¦"¦.,' ¦-.¦¦"•",;• ; ' • '.'"¦¦ - '''¦ •;¦'¦ :; :
..: . ¦ : ¦ :v . SAN RAFAEL, INDEPENDENT. ; :. ?. ¦¦ : . .'.. \k ¦.:.*¦
¦:¦ '•'• ¦ ¦'• • It was stated In Sacramento some days ago by two members of the
Legislature that Burns ~wquld.be elected Senator on the fifth or. sixth ballot. The
way Gage Is going on he will leave a trair of shortcomings when he retires. from
office as long aa that left as a legacy by Stoneman. The report filed In Congress
several days ago on the House bill for the election of United States Senators
by the people should become a law. ¦-.-'.' j», -. -, ••-->¦ :-.'¦••¦:* ¦.. ¦ ¦ : ¦ ¦:: -¦
•• • ¦ :'.¦; • -T+- -: ¦¦-. - . .-•• ¦¦¦¦... • ¦..¦ • ¦.:••¦;. ¦ •.'¦ ", . .-:'. :.¦ • ' "'.'. .; ¦.¦¦ .;"¦. ¦. r -- : '-:. -,:,-' .
' ' ' ' :; \ ;BRENTWOOD ENTERPRISE.' , t '- ~ ' v '
•¦¦Governor Gage has called an extra session of the. Legislature to convene next
Monday. He gives sixteen reasons for issuing the call. First to elect a. 'iTnited
States Senator. • • • The Governor may; as well have added a clause pro
viding for the election of Dan Burns to misrepresent the State of California In
the United States Senate. . ..' ¦ -. /: : .. . .. : ; . ,: . . :. .;
..¦,:..¦;. ;;;¦.•..¦; •-.¦¦. ;. ; ..-/ '.../" ..• ; NAPA ' JOURNAL.; : .¦ ¦:..•;;> '.V ; v • -;;^; ;^ v -'';¦::
.'..'- The fun begins at Sacramento. The prediction Is freely mad© that Governor
Gago will;rue the day he was Inveigled into calling the Legislature, together.
AMUSEMENTS. /
OryhetJin— Vauaevllle. . ' .
"Vlurabla — *'Th« Winter's Tale.** :
• California— "ln Paraflise." ',¦•••
Tivoli— '•Tfc* Idol's Eye."
Grand O^era-houw — "Boccaccio.** '.. '¦
A'.harnbra— "lll» Better Half.". . : .
Alcazar— "Peaceful Valley." :
Chutes. Zoo end Theater— VaudeTlll* •very afternoon and
evening. •/-*;• ' .
O!}ir.ris, corner Mascm anfl ESl'.s rtr«ets— Bj>eclalties,
£hertnaa-Clay Hall— Sonr Recital Saturday afternoon.
OaJC&nd Kace Track— Races. ' - .''*- •; ,
AUCTION SALES.
By Eaxtoa. niirt3re & Co.— Tuesday. Febrotrr 8. at 12
o'ciock. Real Estate, at «2S Market (tree t.
How I Danced the Buck and
Wing While President
McKinley Patted ••Juba."
By OUEFITA VINCENT.
6REGISTERED LABORERS.
City Attorney Holds They Will H&ve
First" Sho-sr. .
dty Attorney Lane yesterday submitted
an opinion to tho Board of Public "Works.
In -which he holds that the laborers now
In' service who have not been registered
In the office of the Civil Service- Commis
sion, or who, having been so registered,
are too low upon the list for Immediate
selection, are to be discharged in order
that their places may be filled from the
civil service list. All appointments In the
Street Department are temporary until
the commission is ready to supply men
for emergencies. *
The City Attorney also advises that tho
Fire Cbtef, assistants and battalion chiefs
must take » their oaths of office before
some Judicial officer of the county.
He also Informs the Registrar that there
Is no reason for a redlstrlctlng of the city
Into precincts. There is no danger in »
leaving the precincts too small, but there
might be if they were too large.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL,
K3 EUTTEn STREET.
THE ILLUETP.IOUS SOPRANO,
MLLE. ANTOINETTE ¦ : ."
TREBELLI
WILL GIVE
AN EXTRA SONG RECIM
Saturday Afternoon Next.
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
Ue»*rved Sftata," 11 and fl 50.
At Ktkerman. Ciay & Co.'i Music Store.
Antique Belleek .
; Ch J n^v^i re % ;i : §m |
Bargains,
'>j^^JVß^6rtn'-ypur :^ :<{ $k
'^¦^¦vCorhirt^iJfust^ to : Sec.^->'
Great AnißPiqsD XmpprUflg T?> C? 0:
; : " EVciry\viierc*' '. ;'. \ . {. ;
"MACBETH" BY
AMATEURS A
BIG SUCCESS
Greditable Work by
Students.
r ,: »
If St. Ignatius College Hall had been',
tT?lce Its size it would not have, contained
the audience drawn by the performance of
'"Macbeth" last evening by the elocution
classes of St. Ignatius College. The seat- ¦
ing capacity of the college theater Is said
to be 2000. but invitations were extended
to nearly twice that number, and a* a re-,
suit there were many disappointed ticket
holders. '.
The production of Shakespeare's trag
edy was under the direction of Professor
C. B. Newton and the success which
crowned the efforts of the amateurs was
gratifying to him. The performance went
through without a break and the manner
in which the play was staged, would havo
been a credit. to any of the professlonaf
managers now before the, public. ' The
scenery In the five acts was not only cor
rect In every detail, but was beautifully
painted. The witches' glen, the hall In
the palace at Forres. Blniam wood, the
ramparts of Dunslnane Castle and other
Important pictures in the tragedy were
truthfully, and realistically depleted and
some of the costumes w,ere brilliant.
It was regretted that Lady Macb.-th and
Lady Macduit wer^ omitted from the cast,
but this was made absolutely necessary,
as young ladles do not attend the college.
Their absence, however, did not mar the
production, nor did it haVe a tendency
to lessen the applause which followed
each heroic speech. » •
Throughout the evening music was ren
dered by the college orchestra. Following
Is the cast of characters: *"•'-..
Duncan, "William Gotden: Malcolm. Anthony
Smith: Donalbaln, Constantlne Schoen; Mac
beth. Harry McCarty: Youn* Macbeth. Fred
erick Murphy: Banquo, Daniel »T. Murphy:
Macduff Frederick Churchill: Rosse. "William
Breen; Seyton, Edward Foley; Doctor, Charles*
Schott; Porter. Leo Resins: Fleance 1 . William
Foley: First Murderer. Michael Coffey; Second
Muraerer, Eugene Bresnean; witches. Paul St.
John. Charles Schott, John Magee; lords, sol
diers, etc. ¦ >
A SHOW WITHOUT A FLAW!
BEST THIS POPULAR HOUSE HAS
EVER OFFERED.
.;>,THE'".HOJ^^^*AY^-fiiJLT^\"-Bnd'" : BIViERE;"
I'AiIVTIE / TRIO^: SOHLKE'S :---AIte?nFEIiA-
¦.G^VN.S.'-; ; r.;'IRE^R^^rnAXKLiN.;"V.J i APJNt.A:
•i,'; : -O.";- : / BAU'IKJW^;-\'-ipHi';'."A.V'.'liANGAJsiiseU
AXD CQMPAXY;. :EDXA ; BAS^ETT. MAR-
SIIAiJL. AND COMPANY :J. NEWMAX.
'" ¦•¦ nesffvp'd i.ekis, 7 ioc:.- ba.tr 3hy, ; ; 10c; • opera
chairs.' 'axsdi bus ;e» > ats, 50c. ."^ "; :."•-. '..;':¦>:'•-¦¦¦ '-" ¦:¦-
Matinfes. '.Ay-eviheFd-a:^;^^Saturiay. '.and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE M A IX 532 l
THIS EVENING,
Rich iusj .Ccetiy/Reylvai'.pf • Siirjp»*» . F&mcui
Comic: Opera.
:^'irMdx6A Y:: >Ni:XTr-r)avid' : :' 'Hfh4erspn v a ' :¦¦ Fa-
iaous ..JSZ^travacmnia, ->.'. •"¦ i --. ....v. \ ¦.'•¦•:. v"; ¦":-•'¦ ' : -.:. ,:¦¦.
VAIIADDiN; JR."
; -WvsrAL:pori:ii\it": prices,:- •¦ ¦¦-• ,-.'.-. :
Go^;-.He«rv*i4-."v-i?eat. : .'Jn'."C»rcheft-ra,-" Saturday
. - Matins. ?*c. •
Branch ¦ .Tirky?t ; Olfl.ee, V Emnbrtuin,
erately fostered by the Tudor chroniclers.
Beginning with Polydore Vergil, the his
toriographer of Richard's conqueror, ami
Thomas Mere, the disciple of Bishop Mor
ton, Richard's most dangerous enemy, the
tale of the usurper's crimes grew blacker
and blacker, until In the popular histories
of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
It is the picture of a monster rather than
a man that confronts us.
According to their reports. Richard s
malignant disposition showed Itself on the
day of his birth. He came Into theworld
with teeth and long hair down to bta
shoulders. He was "little of stature, ill
featured of llmmes. crooke-backed. nla
left shoulder much higher than hi* right.
His face wa* small, but his countenance
cruel and such that at the first aspect a
man would judge it to savor and smell of
malice, fraud and deceit. When he stood
musing he would bite and chew busilie
hi* nether lip * * * beside that me
digger whichhe wore he would (when he
stuaiod) with hfs hand pluck up and down
in the sheath to the midst, never drawing
lt A £ na ly the U siory of Richard"*! i life m . tojd
by these chroniclers more than fulfilled
the evil omens of his birth and £PP«ar.
ance. At 19 years of age he had a hand in
the savage murder of the Prince of Wale 3
at Tewkesbury. Two days later he sent
to the block the Lancastrian nobles whose
lives thfr King had swotn to spare. \\ Ith
in the -month he "slewe in the towre
Kynge Henry the sixt"' l"*Hha d«d «^ t^ r
aads. the minute historian), "whyche mur
der was doen without Kynge Edward lr.a
as-Fcnt." lie was suspected of having
hastened the secret execution of hio
brother" George, •false, nutlng. perjured
Clarence." He seized and beheaded, witrw
out form of trial. Rivers. Gray and
Vaughn, the kinsmen and natural guar
dians, of the- young King. Two month 3
after he arrested Hasting, the one power
fur noble whose fidelity to^'his master?
child stood ' between Richard and the
throne and bade him make short shrift,
"for by St. Paul (quoth he) I will not to
dinner till I see thy head off." In .his
greed for the throne he did not scruple to
cast a slur upon the character of his own
mother, spreading reports that "neither
Kin* F.dward hlmseli nor the Duke of
Clarence, among those that were secret
in the household, were reckoned verle
pureliefor the children of the noble
Duke" (Richard's father). Hypocrisy
joined hands with treachery and murder
to help him to the throne, and what he
had sought for along such bloody paths
he professed to accept only at the urgent
wish of the people, protesting his entire
love and devotion to his brother's chil
dren. . . . - r \" -s
,- Of ¦ all . crimes" laid to Richard's charge
none provokes more bitter Indignation
than the murder of the Princes In the
tower." His other victims at least were
•men, enemies or rivals. The Princes were
helpless children ; and his own nephews.
The details of their taking off were hid
den for years; men only Knew that the
children were no more: and with unerring
Instinct popular judgment pointed to
Richard as, their murderer. When the
truth came out In his successor's reign
the pent-up anger knew no bounds, and
the pathetic story of the children's death
In .tfte -pages 'of. More gives voice to the
wrath and sorrow of a nation. - -*f .:
But Richard. was suspected of an even
blacker crime. After the death of his son,
a child of whom Shakespeare knows noth
ing, he cast his eyes upon his niece, Eliz
abeth, 'the "true heiress of the house of
York. His persuasions drew this lady
from her mother's keeping in sanctuary,
and at the same time he spread abroau
a> report of his wife's death. Hearing this
rumor, she feared, so the chroniclers re
port, that -Richard had judged her worthy
to die, and soon after, "either by pensive
ness of heart, or by infection of poison
(which is affirmed to be most likely) the
Queen departed out of this transitorie
life." So strong In fact did the suspicion
grow that Richard had murdered his wife
to marry his niece, that in order to re
tain the fidelity even of his firmest parti
sans he was forced to declare publicly and
with an "oath that he had never enter
tained the Idea of this union.
But c Richard did not escape, said the
chroniclers, the 'fit Judgment for his sins.
Rebellions broke out In the land; the old
supporters of York and Lancaster made
common cause against; the usurper. Many
=who fought under.? Richard's banners
"'hated him worse .than- a toad or a ser
pent, ' wishing and ¦- working his destruc
tion." On the eve of the decisive battle
he had ;''& dreadful and terrible dream;
forjit seemed to him being asleepe that
he did see diverse Images like terrible
divels which pulled and haled him, not
suffering him to take-anle quiet or rest."
On the morning rumors of treachery ran
through his army. In the tenfof the Duke
of r Norfolk was found a rhyme bidding
him refrain from the battle.
"Jacke of . Norfolk.: be not' too bold.
For Dikoa. thy .master. Is bought and eoliL"
In his address to his captains Richard
showed the remorse that weighed upon
him. confessing that In the obtaining of
the crown he had committed **a wicked
and detestable act, which, nevertheless, -I
trust to have expiated with -strict pen
ance and salt'Uears." Finally when the
battle was joined Lord Stanley, on whose
aid the King had counted.' led his troops
to Richmond's side, and. Richard, scorn
ing to flee, rushed into the thickest of
the fray, shouting "Treason! Treason!"
and. then fell, pierced with countless
wounds.
Attempts have been made to clear the
character, of Richard and inaccuracies
and even positive errors.=have been point
ed.out In the popular conception. But In
spite of all,- the tradition remains the In
terpreter of the facts of history; and the
latest authority on this perl<fl assures us
of the general tldelity of- the Dortrait wiUa
SAYS THE WAR
REVENUE STAMP
LAW IS INVALID
Express Company I s
Desparate.
¦-../:/.¦.¦ ¦¦,¦""¦¦¦-" -¦• ."¦:'¦¦' . ? "¦ — •'•¦ '• ¦ ¦¦'¦': ¦ ¦':¦¦/
: .The cases of Johnson vs; Wells, Fargo
& Co. -and Benham vb. Wells, ¦ Fargo &
Co., involving the right of the express
company to compel Its patrons to pay for
¦the war revenue stamp which the law
says shall li>- affixed to every certificate,
receipt or bill of lading are apparently
r.ear a decision at last, although the
dilatory tactics of the corporation"? at
torneys may prevent the plaintiffs and
the public from receiving any beiieflt
therefrom for many months to come.
These c-ases ure. *ults for. $50 damngrs
each, based on the refusal of the express
company to .accept packages tendered by
: plaintiff's 7 ' minus the required stamp.
Those -suits were begun nearly two years
.ago.and have twice been taken to the
Federal court by the defendant company
arid each time sent back to. the'; State
conri :by ¦ Judgy Morrow" on the ground
that : he had.no jurisdiction In the.mitter.
The cases came .up in Justice of the
Peace 'Parry's ".court yesterday afternoon
and Attorney Alfred . Sutro for the ex
press company as-ked that they be con
tinued pending decisions by the L'nitod
States and . StAte Supreme courts, before
which test, eatses bearing on the question
Involved are.:npw pending-.. Judge; Barry
said he could See rip reason why. he should
accommodate the. . express cprap'anv In
this respect and declined to grant an in
detinite continuance.:."-; ••• «. ¦.:•:" :-.:--". v . ¦¦.••;¦..•:"-•.
. *'Well. It does not:' matter to us what
the decisions *>f the courts may be." .said
Attorney Sutro,: "as should . they bt
against us we shall : set up the plea that
the law is unconstitutional on the ground
that U.irnposes a. direct tax on expf e»s«
companies when the constitution provides
that direct ' taxes must only- be levied on
the people .Indiscriminately by States."
¦¦.' Attorney Sutro' then asked, permiasioa
to submit his brief, which was granted,
and Attorney: Squires, representing plain
tiff, was given five days to file his brief
In. opposition;: ;";: ! " "." .. ¦ ¦¦:¦ . .-¦.
• In October, IS9S^ Judge Barrj- decided
the case of Costley . vs. . Wells, Fargo <fc
Co., a puit for darriages based 'on. exactly
similar grounds as the above. In favor of
the: plaintiff. The : case was appealed and
the Superior pourt affirmed/ the decision.
The express company did not carry the
case to the Supreme Court ..but paid; tiie.
judgment.- • ••¦-'¦' " : ":¦'¦¦ ¦v - -¦•;.:'¦¦¦¦•¦- -;
WEARS STRAPS
BUT IS NOT ON
THE ARMY LIST
I n q u i ry Bei n g Ma de of
Henry Luhr. :
f£. ,- ¦" ,¦ , ;• •". • .« ¦ . / -- :;-;,•/ ' v
Inquiry from Pajo Alto came over. the.
telephone to the Presidio yesterday re
garding the army standing of a certain
Henry Luhr, who is down there repre
spnting himself as a second lieutenant in
the army detailed to purchase horses for
the Government, The person on the Palo
Alto end of the telephone wanted to know
if he was "all right." . . -
This is the second Inquiry made at the
Presidio in regard to Henn* L-uhr. .The
former one was by two. women, who said
he had married a young lady in Oakland,
a friend of theirs, and they wanted to
make sure he was what ; he represented
him6elf to be— a second Ueutenant of the
Thirteenth United,. States Infantry. .
.At that time Trie Call looked up his
record and found that, there was no men
tion in any of the army lists of a Henry
Luhr. second lieutenant, and a wire to
Washington brought ran answer from Ad
jutant General Corblri. He said: "There
is no. such officer, in the army.".- ¦" ¦ ¦;
Luhr is a resident of Oakland, where he
lives with his parents. . He says he was
ripppinted last October iis a second lieu
tenant In the Thirteenth Regular Infan
try, and he was on "'furlough" Until Feb
ruary 6, when he would join his regiment
in the Philippines. The army lists of Npo
vember ana December make no mention
¦of him. ;1 1 is the custom for. army : btflcers,
?»Mn on.. leave or otherwise, to report at
the- nearest headQuarte.rs by letter, or in
porsbn, whenever they change. their loca
tion, but Luhr never appeared at local
headquarters, ne.ver registered to have his
>mail -sent to him. and never paid his re
priectsY.or .reported to General Shaf ter.
Then, too, "furloughs" arc only given to
enlisted men— ofilcers are given leave,: but
no officer is given anything but sick leave
thesedays, except for very short periods.
Luhr does not claim to be on nick leave.
Inquiry at: the quartermaster's depart-
ment developed the further fact that the
purchase, o! horses: in this State by the
Government has ceasod.'- A few horses
are being purchased in Oregon by Cap
tain Wainwrljjht, but non« are being pur
chased in California, and no officer Is de
tailed to the duty at Palo Alto or any
where'else in .California.. .' ¦-'• .:.-..-. -..-
Luhr Is a young-l(>oklng man, smooth
shaven, blonde Uair, round face, of a Ger
man. type, short and. stout buildand wears
the uniform and Phoulder-Rtrapg of a sec
ond lieutenant. He sometimes wears the
crossed rifles on his collar and some
times leaves them 6 ft."- He. Bays he was In
the Fourth United States Artillery in
Cuba and that upon his return he was ap
pointed an officer, in the regular army
through the Influence of the "adjutant
general af Kentucky." And yet Adjutant
General Cbrbln says there is no such of
ficer. " ¦¦¦- "•-. ¦ . ••'••' v ¦ .: :.;¦¦ • ' ¦ :¦ ;..
DO.VT I ONLY
FORGET, ! THIS WEEK.
a-.\;::>^last chance/to; laugh at: -; :
THAT: Eycjil^CJATIXGLy.:prXNr: PAItdE:
.; . _" THE CLIMAX OF THE
F^" R. A \\t i_ E 'S? : . G O /V\ F» f\ IS "V."
SEATS OX SALE TO-DAY FOB
vi^THEr-cyikob';"'' 1 : ¦
"t^.rFt: ¦.pexfoftnance ; } : XfeXT :. 55CS'DAT .-,' NIGHT.
rverv.'jfiitirt ¦"¦•^lnr!ud?r«'-lfia-n:»:^ i!^ttne? :P*t,. •
LAST 4 NIGHTS ar.d Maiir.r* :'Fapir:iay..v,>.
'.'.'tis ;::•.. ivA"lHiU> : . .CHAi-11-Ks -.-.«.•.
JAMES ; KIDDcK HA>FO3D
X*-sigkt tni S:tarS«r sif^ :.iii : .»i«> '.?*&&. -y,
. ••¦»¦!!„ ,v* l> • uirf'^L^;.'"^^,;'-
rnir>AT ....:'.: -. ' -.". ¦'.•..¦¦¦•: i T.iir-. : itivA.t,P".v
Pat. Mat 1...' THE ?tKnr;|. \VyV. >rANt>At" .
. IVslr.n:nx'.-XK>:T'";SI' s .xn\V !: .-:y"p'^:/
Thre* Matin'-es.' /TJIK ¦¦,FAH.O\'S
BOSTOIi^S
"the smugglers of bad atex':
S-ATS U. Ai-Y ."¦: ;-O-:*i3W:<4'W.;-'^<"-
MAIL STEAMERS
ARE DETAINED
IN QUARANTINE
Australia and
LATTER'S PASSENGERS :LAND
THOSE ON FOBICEIL WILL GOME
I. :: : ASHOBE.>TO-DAY.. : ' :^-;;,' ; :-;'
::¦¦: .-:¦;¦ ¦;'¦¦¦>.".:¦- ¦¦ ¦ 4 ."• . }'y'-\ y':\/,. :';'
The Oceanic (Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived yesterday from Ha
waii arid the '"."¦ "Toyo -.' Klscn Kalsha's
Nippon" Maru from .. China and
Japan via Honolulu. "Both vessels
were sent : iiitd; quarantine, und as the
transport Senator was already there.
Raccoon Straits had ; nmri: deep water
ships: anchored therein than for a long
time. ' - - • = - '. -' ; ¦•' .v.V."
The. quarantine grounds presented a
Hvelyscer.fi throughout the day, Tlie tug
Relief was present waiting to transfer the
Australia's passengers. as soon = ; as Dr.
Kinyoun gave the permr. The quarat.
tlr.e launch, George M. Sternberg. and the
customs launch Ooldon Gate were there
looking after both steamers, while the
Caroline and Mlllen Griffith were stand
ing on and off ready to take off the pas
sengers on the" Nippon Maru. The Sena
tor was alongside the hulk and early in
the day the quartermaster's, steamer Gen
eral McDowell v.cut alongside and trans
ferred the sick and insane soldiers from
her to the Presidiw. :
The Australia was the vessel to which
Dr. Kinyoun devoted must of his atten
tion. She has over 15) cabin passengers
aboard from . Honolulu, and every one of
them will be: subjected to a rigid examina
tion before being allowed to land. Thla
will necessarily take some time, and not
before this afternoon will anybody be al
lowed to land from the mail boat. Even
then the vessel may be held in quarantine
and the Oceanic Company forced to send
the Zealandia out In her pUice. Each of
the passengers received a certificate from
the quarantine ottlcer In Honolulu, how
ever,, and as the crew had no communica
tion with the shore during the vessel's
stay In Hawaiian waters, Dr. Kinyoun
may allow her to dock after she has been
fumigated. . > : " ' i • .-. .. •¦¦.¦¦
The Nippon Mnru did ; not bring any
passengeiH or freight from Honolulu, and
only stopped there to land a number of
Chinese and the mall. : She brought nine
teen cabin, six second cabin," seventy Chi
nese and two ' Japanese .passengers, and
2430 tons of general cargo. The cabin pas
sengers were: .' Mr. and Mrs. and Miss
J. oevan. Comte J. de La Brousse, R. A.
Crown, H. A. Utlden, H. B. Smith, Ed
ward Perks, J. S. Burnett, .M. Newberg,
Mrs. William Feldstein, H. Kcswick. T.
Ikeda, J. Schida, M. N'ematsu, S. Sawabe,
F. W. Lawson, J. J. Ccllins and \V. E.
Hunt. : There were all landed from the
steamer during the . afternoon on the
steamer Caroline, but the mail boat will
not be released until to-day.
The cabin passengers on the Australia
are:. '.-. . " ¦*.. ••¦.•; .¦¦'*: ¦ ¦ ¦ ':
Hon. A. 'Scwatl; Colonel A. G. Ilawes. R. C.
Moore. Captain • Burnham, Captain Andersen,
Captain Schwsrtlne. O. W. Blbspll and wife.
C. W. Grlf fin; wife, cnlld and maid. C. John
son and wife, ¦ B. T. McCullough. Mrs. M.' Me-
Mahan. Mian Fyfe, Jtrs. H. Powell and chiM.
Ml*s C " Walport, H. B. Chase and wife. Mr».
P F. Pettlbone. Mrs. Warren and dauehter.
Mr. and Mrs. Botks and child. Mrs. M. H.
Lyman, M. S. Wilson and wife. D. Hll^er, wife
and two children. P. F. de la Vergne and wife,
11. Hodgson and wife. Mrs. C. A. Lemon. Miss
Blanchard. Mr. and Mrs. Postln, A. S. . Rime
and wife. H. Waterhouse and wife. John Water
'house. C. Ferguson, wife and child. Mrs. Wiley
and two" dauchters," W. A. Ixiwrle and wife,
C. P" Uauthman ' and wife. Mrs. Banner and
dauKhter. L. Renant and wife. C. l^emalre and
wife. H.. Hallum and wife. G. Kunkel, wire
and chlM Y. Tamfiw, G. Marcus, K. Jlelrose,
J v Rolph Jr.. T. Hughe?, G. W. Land. J. O.
Gardner/ Mrs, . E. J: Cotton^ A; Haas. S. F.
Keith. M. W; Davis. J. S.-Ei-pey. B. Rodman.
J. H. Bclser, B.; H. Lewis, Mr. Lonston. C.
D. Fee?. A; Joels, S. Bartlott. A, Kelliim, V>\
F Glover. Colonel "\V. H. Thompson and wife,
C, G KrOKness. Dr. F, S. Tinthoff. H. M.
Jeyr.e; Mrs. C. F. Little, A. C. Russell, Mrs.
M. H." Loomir Mrs. M. Kennedy. Mrs. E. Bab'
cock, J. S. Blen, J. J. White, Miss E. M. Lee.
C an Rot W, miltnfr and. wife. Mi?a N. Haw
le'y MISS Zaufman. MiE3 A. Andrews, Miss M.
Leek ley. Miss P. Howard, Miss L." Field, John
Henderson., J. Hackett. C. F. Saylor, T. B.
Morton J. F Calef, J. A. Clpugh and wife. P.
Sickel, 'Miss A ; Williams, C. H. Edcerton. W.
C. Welster. C. F. Eckart, C. Klemme. H. C.
Vftsrand wife. H; Ford. F. A. Bennett. W. G.
Morgan; C HazelrlKK.: A. L.. Parmley, G. Best
and wife. F.Maslin and wife. C. Melvln and
wife. Mrs. O, Plgdon and son. Mrs. Slnjrlehurat
and two children. W. H. Barney and wife, C,
J. Lawrence, and wife." Miss A. Hyde, Mrs. A.
Sullivan, Mrs. H. Chaae, two children and maid,
\V. A.. Gardner, wife and two . children, M.
Kl'rshbw and wife. M. B. Curtis and wife, A.
Raas, wife and two children, "J. C. Walker and
wife." Misa L.. R. Walker. P. A. McGlnnls, Miss
M, Rae. Mr.and Mrs. Van Dyne. C. Albertl. ";•
During the trip up from Honolulu the
Australia ran into a moderate gale. It
was" accompanied by a heavy sea and -a
cross swell that delayed the vessel sev
eral hours. The mall steamer Moana from
San Frandsco on .Januarj' 29. and the
next day the British ship Reliance, now
overdue, from Hamburg, were spoken The
latter vessel is now out 2W days, and at
one time 23 per cent 'reinsurance was paid
on her. The Auatrnlia reports sipluing
the transport ManaUense off Honolulu on
January 23. She had evidently ran short
of coal, and put in for a supply before
coming on to San Francisco, j She may
be expected at any time now.
The Australia brought up. 7929 bags of
-sugar; but no general freight.
The rate of reinsurance on the. British
ship Annie Thomas.vout IS6 days from
Cardiff for Acapuloo; ha* been Increased
to 20 per cent; -on the Eriglehorn, 55 days
from Yokohama :to Taeonia. 10 per cent,'
and on the Crompton, 152 days from San
Francisco to Antwerp, 10 per cent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
7
rtl PP n HI! I I Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROln^^Mi
**••• •» ¦• **•'•••¦ .-ic. Overcoats and
Valises checked fre«.
, Gentlemen— ll your. = faces" are ~ sore c arid
tender after shavlnK'use Phroeo. 'Sold by all
druggists. , o; ";¦'¦'., ¦" ° . ' ¦° • ••' • .
: Palace and :
j Grand flbtels j
? For nearly m. quarter of a ceotarT t*» t
;leadlnc >.ot«-:» en tbe Pacific Co«»:. ?
W itli added licbrovetnent* and cor.- .< >
4 vcnlcnces they cor.tlnu* to b* the head- <>
a cu.rter* for tourists and trareicrs vu- +
:V.im tan Francisco. i&~z** <. 4.
? JOHN' C. KIItKPATRICK. ?
? Mar.astr. «
Illegal Employment Agent.
William j Hermann, -who keeps a § sailor
boarding-house at 2SSteuart = street, was
arrested by United States Marshal Shine
yesterday on a warrant issued by the
'United States Attorney charging ° Her
man with having collected from Francis
Mauger. a sailor, the sum of $2 50 for se
curing him a Job as. seaman i on board the
American barkentlne. 8. G.^ Wilder. 1 The
charging of a fee in such cases Is prohib
ited oy the Federal statutes for the pro
tection of - sailors, against the
demands. of land sharks. 0 ; ' „ ; t .
.. : :"; : ¦ 6tPictly/Reliablc;jj.;; ;
'"¦¦J- Practice Confined to : •
; • Varlcocelc cured (n one wze[^ „
at office, or four weeKs' home '.
trectroent.i Stricture cured by ;
pqinless electricity. Discharges '
cured by the Irrigation roethod.
All forms of weaKrjess a spe- =
.cialty.i/^ ; . a ' s \.\- ¦*. ;; ;." „••*;'•
: :j Correspondence In vittd. = • vi.h
W7 Market Street, \ Corner Sixth. I
HE SEES HIS FINISH %
and notes the difference between that-
laid on by our perfect 'methods and:
what he. receives from others who have
not made ' an art of their, work' as we
ha ve. = Don't bother with second-class
lauridrieg and have your fabrics' rotted
by chemicals and your linen. "frayed,
when you' will receive perfect satisfac-
tion at the U. 8. Laundry- ."-• ".' : ' '¦' -=
United Stato* Laundry. Offlo» '
1004- Market Stroat: -• „'' \ ' H -
Telephone South 420. ; '""
Oakland Offices. -514- Eleventh St.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
ISOO-CALIFOESIA JOCKEY CLUB - 1900
January 22 to February 1 10. Inclusive.
OAKLAXU RACK TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tueeday." tVe<lne»<Uy, Thnrs-
£-: , Friday and Saturday. lUua or vblne.
Klve or more races each day.
. ..-. —> start at 2:IS p. m. sharp. ' '.¦¦ f _
J't-rry-bcata l^ave San Frasctacu at-12 m. and
12:30. 1. l:Su. 2. 2:23- »nd S p. m.; connecting
«*:tb trains cteppinc at th* entrance c, to the
track. Lest two cars on train re»rrve6 (or ia-
•*, ¦ - and their ecrorts: bo crooking. Buy your
Jfirv tickets to Shell Mound. All trair.t, via
Oakland mole connect -with Han Pablo ax-esue
•"¦¦.:;: cars at Seventh and. Broadway. , Oak,
'.•'. Alj- , all trainK via A'ameda mole con-
n»rt with San Pablo avMiue cars at Fourteenth
ant! V-raartwsy. Oakland. These riectrie : cars
go direct ts the trark in fifteen minutes.
Heturrlr.c— Trains leave. the track at 4:15 and
««:> p m. and Imm«"iliitety after the tait rac».
THOMAS H WILLIAMS: JR.. Presldtat.
R. B. MII.ROT. Secretarr^ c ? '
Injured by an Electric Car.
Morris Jones, 60 years old, was knocked
down by an electric car at the crossing of
Twentieth and Mission streets" yesterday
morning.. He was attended by. Dr.
Grazer, who -found several lacerated
wounds on the side of the head.- The car
was in charge of Conductor A.: Bleser and
MOtorroan F. J. Smith. : ¦ • • . :,
Academy of Sciences Lectures.
Cameron H. King Jr. of Stanford Uni
versity will deliver a free lecture -this
evening at -the Academy of Sciences Hall.
819 Market street, on "Individualism and
Socialism." ¦ Next Thursday evening Dr
David Starr Jordan will lecture at the
same place on the "Rise of the Common
Man,"- . - =¦':¦¦ - ¦ ' . .- ' ¦*.''. ¦¦¦'••' •-. "
• A" six" months' programme has now been
arranged for these Thursdajvevenlng'free
lectures- on social and economic subiects
at Academy of Sciences- Hall. The Dublin
are invited. • ::, .¦ . • . -. ... ?""\ 1 ?,
WILL GIVE -NO GUARANTEE.
City Cannot Occupy; Hall of Justice
Until . It Is Accepted.
. The Pacific Surety Company has, de
clined to guarantee the city against. any
claims that may be. made, by the con
tractors or any other party, in the event
of the occupancy of a portion of the Hall
of Justice prior to, its completion and ac
ceptance. The question was propounded
by the North Central, Improvement Asso
ciation, and the answer was signed by
A. . P.. Redding, .secretary of the Surety
Company. • :.••¦ ' ¦= . -. ° %•
• "\Ve. would like exceedingly to.accom
modate-you," i wrote . Mr. Keddln. "but
we are weir convinced that it would be
unwise to enter into such a guarantee at t
present. We are assured that the locking I
device for the jail will be here by the 15th
of February,, and. It will be. Immediately
put In place. ' Everything is being done
to rush the work to completion, aTid we'
feel encouraged by the present outlook,
and believe that it will not be long,, be
forethe city will be in a position to ac
cept the building: then the money which,
belongs to the various, parties who have^
put their money and work into the build- ,
ing will- be distributed.'' , = , /c-
A Mission Tough With a Pull.
; George Burke, whose 'forte is. insulting
ladles and .-.children, and who has.been
arrested frequently during the past : year
charptd with various offenses, is again
In the toil?. Every time he has been ar
rested heretofore' -City .Hall, politicians
have come to his rescue and baffled the
exertions, of : the"- police .to "convict him:
Officers C. W. Brown and E.C. Perdval
arrested Burke last night on the charge
of vagrancy and will make one more ef
fort to send him to Jail. . v "¦'::. ". .„• :
The Ladies' Favorite
Place, for a Rood, lunch, dinner or after
theater supper. Is Zinknrjd's. If you doa't
Relieve lt.ask the pfenjlomth. ':'.{ ¦•-;. . •;.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
"Jnst Dropped in on Molh:r."
SOL, S/VIITH RUSSEL-t-^JS*
B«autKul PaEtcmli.Play.
Peaceful V alley
MATINEE SATURDAY AND, SUNDAY.
Jl§ RESERVED SEATS gg-
Next Week-FRIENDS
Er.etpe.-nent of MART HAMPTON.
COLUM3IA ¦¦THEATEfI— tXTRA!
Sunday!:. afternoon,
. FEimrAßy "ff/- :-,/ v--; iS'- : :'-' :: -.'- ! .
EIGHTH ANNMSbENEFIT
IN A'POF-THE- V "•" ''¦.:} "-r'Jl'.j
San Francisco ledge ;l(Q^2f f ;:^% : :
THEATRICAL MEGHAK
ASSOCIATION
. E-- 'try Theater ¦ in llie city - : irt>t««nte4:'pn- the
TICKETS .50c and Sl.OO
tIVOLToPERA-HOySL
"tiOOI MON, Ever> One J s Lauihing] j
THIRD-^EEKgg
Of the Enormou* Ccjnic. pr*r& TTlurnph;. • ¦'
THE IDOL'S EYE.
"¦.-• ->• Hvcnirf at f -Mii'tin'ee S.aturfa^":';a-t : '2.V-:
. THK BEST PERFORMANCE EVER BEEN.
IN FRISCO 1 . :- ";. -':-;M\:';-;;-^-v"O : V
.."..': Th!i> I« What Prrap ; ind Puhilc :SayiVK ;^". ; :
POPT-'LAR PRICES ::.^-.->v%'-; •-:•¦• -^c A^D 50c :
Tele; h-.r.e Uush ». •
(TUG PEOPLE'S POPULAR -FLAT HprSEJ
S*HOHE SOUT M\' 77 OrVS.S;f ¦.?¦].
EVERT EVENING TH I? "WEEK,
MATINEE SATXrRDAT: ; - : . '' \- ¦pi S
HIS BETTER vHALF.
POPL'LAR PRICES. V ' N^-V'
X- inir.g..'.. ...... >15c. : ?sc, 35c,: COe land ;75p
Mat Ice* .-. -.". }£.c.. SSic, JSc. »n4 -SOc;
Next E-jndejr "Arternocn..." 'LONDON ¦ LIFE-,?.-
Extra Comtr.R— The ISil JEFi'RIES-SHAR-
KEY -CONTENT PICTURES. A Card— Maoa-. "
(-• rt Ei;inKhcu»o and -Mr-tt vpledpt theJr "word
•Mil- thwe'ar* tne ONLY GENUINE PIC^
" J-RES OF THE JEFFRIES-SHARKEY COO»^ •;
r;:sT. ¦• . : - : :¦¦: ; " -.•¦.•C'--yv.--.=-:;- : - ¦-/,:" i"- : ,--
\Thc*e Pictures will b* pr*»ente<l- at ' fhe; Ex-/
i<*!Uoi> ' building. Oakland;. . F^bruarj'; 4: '5 :ari4 . «.¦ '•
THE OLD RED HORSE HOTEL. STRATFORD ON AVON.
will Is quenched, we cannot refuse a
touch of human sympathy to this most
memorable portrait In the great gallery pt
Shakespeare's English kings. ... ¦' ;
Princeton University
Note— The concluding papers of the
Shakespeare course will appear on Mon
day. Tuesday and - "Wednesday of next
week. On Wednesday Hamilton "W. Mabie
will present his idea oiy "How to Study
Shakespeare." ' "
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE BOGEY OF ELIZABETHAN TRADITION.
Copyright, 1900, by SeymoTir Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to this course: t>r. . Edward Do-wden. Dr. William J.-Rolfe.'Pr.* Hamilton
\\'. Ma'ble." Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Coraon, Dr. Isaac X. Deramon. Dr. Vlda D.
Scud.ier and ether?. ••:/..,•¦..-'¦..¦¦ -.: --.'':.''- ¦- •".,¦ ••.'.•.•;
ZZ;-'.: BICHARD 11l-
Fopular Conception of Richard HI.
>• Richard 111 was the bogey of Elizabeth
an tradition and history. A free, united
and loyal people looked back with loath
ing' to the times when feudalism was
dying" In a horror of civil strife. The sav
age cruelty and base treachery that were
distinguishing characteristics of the wars
ct the Rosea seemed to reach their climax
in the person of the last of the" Plantag
enets, and no other actor In those wars
was so fitted to receive the full weight of
the people's detestation. Richard of York,
his father, had been throughout his life
the Idol of a great part of the nation;
Edward IV, his brother, was applauded
for his beauty, liberality and prowess In
the field, and— what Is even more to the
po!nt— he was the ancestor of the reigning
sovereign, Elizabeth; Henry VI, pitied for
his gentleness, piety and miserable end",
was locked upon as a martyr; even Mar
garet of Anjou, hated as a foreigner, won
a reluctant admiration from the hearts of
the people by her heroic struggle for the
cause of her husband and her son.
Richard 111 became, as It were, the scape
goat to bear away Into the wilderness the
sins of his whole generation. • .
Thls conception of Richard was not only
due to popular tradition. It was delib-
which we have teen made familiar by
Shakespeare.,' t ,, •- . .', ¦ -
Even were it otherwise. Shakespeare
would be justified, in his work. The prov
ince of the poet is not that of the critical
historian. Th» creative poet deals with
ideas current in hia day, and when his
material is the popular conception of a
historic figure It la his part not to run
counter to that conception, but to ex
plain it. to Infuse it with poetic, life, to
humanize It. -
This Shakespeare has done In the play
of "Richard lir.'*~ He dwells upon and
exaggerates the personal deformity of
Richard as cuttinp him off from natural
affection. He points out Richard's prida
of intellect which finds the same satis
faction in a well-played stroke of hypoc
risy as the artist uoes In a perfected mas
terpiece. He develops touch by touch th»
"demoniac energy of will" that drives
Richard headlong; into action. The crafty,
flery. unresting hunchback la an Incarnate
engrine of destruction. So lonfr as tho
enemies of his race kept the field he was
the sword of the house of York; when
pipinjr times of peace succeeded the
sword, like some enchanted weapon of
northern lesend, turned against Its mas
ter. ¦ <"•• ¦-„" c--
And yet Shakespeare's Richard Is no
monster, awful and incredible after the
pattern of Marlowe. He Is Intensely hu
man. Cynical, treacherous and bloody, he
Is still a man. and we can understand the
motive that drives him on; unchecked by
fear or scruple, to the sweet fruition or
an earthly crown. And when all is over.
when the sword la broken and the flery
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...fOR... , ; i : ct :'n t '>•'.-•
'•°'- - - ' ¦ ¦ ¦•• . r - ' ? ••'¦« '
...AND...
ALL POINTS OIS YUKON RIVER.; jf >•:
CARRYING TK£ UNITBD STATES; MAlli
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FUOM SAN FRANCISCO ....:....„.;.¦ ..:..;,..'...5. S. .••POHTLANrr;:. April 30. 15C0
FROM SEATTLE .¦-...;.¦.¦>.¦.;......./.;.. ;...:.....S. cB. • << DOBA"^J:;l...:. April SO. 1)00 ¦
¦, vOM SAN FRANCISCO ..'.iV... c ... t . ..¦.'..... ......>. ..1;,V.5.5. "RAINIER >f ...:.'...May ; :0. 1900,
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FF.OM £AX FRANCISCO .......•;.;.................;.: ;-1.:.;.5. S. -ST. PAUL," May 2ith
A Steamer Will Be D j :p3tcb2d E?Brj.:Forin)^t Tlnreaft^r..- ; : . ¦; }.
For Juneau, Sltkia/ Prince William Sbund^ Cooks inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points : .
FROM SEATTLE .....^...:Vi..i..w^V.".:..5. S. •UE.PTHA.V conimenclnK April Bth :
—••;AND MOXTHLT TiIKRtAFTER. ¦¦'. '"¦'¦'¦/}.< *^. ,;\ ..-../ ;; ;-•
r*W folder*, msps and"furth?r ; rsirticuiji.re^as.to frelirht ar.rt ratsage. -apply .to- ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY;- JlO ¦Sar-sciae W'rert. '\S'an- Franclsro^ Cal. : ¦ '.. ¦¦ . _ ¦:'¦ . •¦•
For Seattle ra;hncs Bpply. to CAPT;; JAS. CAKIjOLL, Mutiia! L'.-'e nulW!n«;. Seattie.'VViish;
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THtXBSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1900.
GOING TO BE MARRIED
IN THE WINDY CITY
Returned From Sacramento.
. United. States Marshal John H. . Shine
and Internal c ßevenue Collector John , C.
Lynch returned from Sacramento yester
day.. Both express ¦ themselves as confi
dent that Daniel M. :: o Burna will : receive
the ¦- Senatorial . nomination. ° .
Garfield League Meeting.
The Garfleld League met last night to
make arrangements for a patriotic ob
servance of Washington's birthday. 1.
Menzies. W. C. Watson and R. H. Carr.
the committee appointed at the previous
meeting to consider -the plans submitted,
made their report, which was accepted. -
' The report calls, for the appointment or
a financial committee and a committee, to
draft invitations and tv confer with local
vocalists for the purpose of 'securing a
grand chorus of 100 voices. The meeting
adjourned until February 6. when the cel
ebration arrangements will be furtbe*
.perfected.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
¦'.¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦'.:¦¦¦ ¦ l_V, ¦.¦¦-¦ •.• ; w.--. ¦.¦;..¦¦/¦..-: . ¦;;¦-;¦;•.;>.-,:;.¦.>; ¦ -¦.¦:.¦..¦.¦•
£Vr* ISS HARRIET JE^DWINA BUSHNELL. sister of Fred H. Bushnell.
// \Y \^ tho .'¦well-known photographer, will leave for Chlcngo to-morrow*
U Ik^ morning-, where she is to marry Her by ' Montgomery Smith, son
. : :of one of the most prominent criminal lawyers in the : State of
Pennsylvania, on February 7. Miss Bushnell will . be accompanied by her
mother, who, after the ceremony, will accompany the happy young couple
on ah extended bridal tour through Southern Europe; ¦. :¦
The bride-to-be Is a handsome brunette . and is .favorably known in"'
the select social circles of Chicago and this city, where her beauty and
charming personality have won herhosts of friends.. Miss Bushnell also
possesses unusual literary attainments, havine received the degree of
Bachelor of Letters from the University of Michigan. She graduated from
that institution with high honors two years ago. .' .
Mr. Smith is a talented young attorney, having been recently admitted
to the bar after graduating from the law department of, the University of
Michigan at Ann Arbor. At, present he is practicing his profession at
Bloomfteld. Pa., where he has already built up, a lucrative practice. ; It was
at Ann Arbor that the young couple first met." and. where the Boeds of love
which are soon to blossom into matrimony were sown! C
After the wedding Mr. and Mrs. Smith will go direct to Bloomfleld to In
spect th«ir future home, a handsome residence recently built by Mr. Smith.
Then they/will start on their honeymoon. : . - ¦:.. . •' ':-¦/'.. '.-;•. ¦-. ;]'
O == "° ¦ '=' „',; .f¦ . ,
CHUTES_AND 200.
P^Saf^^^<A3BTCßN*o6N and; evenixg.. '. '
tvi/vjoirF mite,
-:¦":.. • .:¦'." : THK 816 LITTLE ACTOR,
''.'- ¦¦'¦" ••:"¦ •¦ -.. -' : •-"¦ " r j'.i-''\ ¦'- -Af?l »• ::¦¦ ?';;¦: V; .;¦..-' .-.. .- : :'-
:.'¦¦'¦>. ¦•f;'i;e BEAT yAUPEyILLE SHOW.: ; . :
TO-NIGHT, AMATEUR NIGHT!
CONSTANTINOPLE MINSTR^^
An Oriental Revelation. :
COKEi COKE!
P. a. McDonald.
Wboletal* Dealer and Shipper of Coka.
OFFICE. IU FOLSGM BT.. On; the Bond Exchange on the •: mornlns :eesi
¦lon- Paauhau sold. down- to $26 23, Honokaa : to.
$29 62 Vt and Spring Valley Water: to , $33 60. Pa
cific Gas continued':- to : a'dv'aijce, -touching; $4* 60,'
and Contra .Costa. Water: sold upitb $73 sO..'Bu*i ?
hess-was--fairi> ¦!"¦.:¦¦'}. M-'.:i 5 ... '.¦ '¦ :-;•; .'¦". ¦' - "\> :¦¦
r- There' was nothing new. pa the -afternoon ses-.
slon. i-:- '¦¦_'. ; ; ?'" :'. _¦-.¦-:• '•;.¦¦*.•¦'•' '.-¦-.' -:.'•¦'¦" \-.''-. - -¦' '?.
•¦•.The;pn:-Btoc^/c^'^u^;\quiet T - 1 ' > ;r;-C.y . .= • ;¦ ; '
• ¦'The 'Standard Con. ¦ Mining .Co;-; has declared a
divUlend-ot.lOc. •' '. -..¦•¦ ..". • ; • ¦•: ' ;: :¦¦ •• :-:--':,.:- •-.
Tl'-e -. following.: local Incorporations disbursed
dividends durinsr-theptist month:^. •-. ' • .':' ', -. ::
;¦;,!¦;' v-.v :./.-~-s-tV' : ¦•'-¦'¦/• '-.'.-= ,: '•' ¦•' Per ShfVt :Amt. -
Bank' -of '¦California :.T.;;:.'.;'.'.,.-.v.<.|*..Oj>.- - $SO.OOu
California Safe Deposit .....•....•.•. :i 50" ¦ , 15,000.
Crocker- WoolwOrth Bank ,;......:. 4 00. '. .-40,tX)0
Columbian Banking C 0.'.;,::. .:...";. 3 00 -'- ¦ .1,800.
First National Bank . .v;;.:'. .:..;..•.:. 5.00 ; . 73.0i»0
ItalianiAmerlcan ißank- ¦»./..>,., 1 60'; ..••3.750
Nevada National Bank ....;.,;:".•.. S5O • 106.000
.Wells.' Fargo & Co. .¦..;.;.;.....•¦... .3 00 •¦¦¦ ;240,00u
Fireman's Fut.d Insurance... »...',' a 06^ ,- SO.OtO
Pacific Surety, Co." .:...:.:..:...:.\:i*(i-' ..-3; 750
Central Light and Power. ..;.-....;¦,.•' OS-., -' 3,100
Gas Consumers'.. Association ....... '.15' ¦ -2,025
Mutual' Electric ;,. ¦...;>...:. .08 • : 3.049
Oakland Gas Col , ¦;'.¦:.:.;......:;.. W. 25..; 7,500
Pacific Gas Improvement Co.'-.... : i 5.. .' 11.200
Pacific- Lighting Co: •.;..•,..;.;•..;..¦ 85;. ¦•.-7,000
S. K. Gas and Eleotrtc.Gp.' .:..1... "42; . -:64.8C3
Stockton Gas'anil'Eleclrlo Co.- .'..¦•'..• " SO ;-¦ - 3.6Cf.i
. Contra Costa Water. -Co. .;•..-..;.„¦ 40 • ' 19, 610,
Marin .County "Water Co. ;.;..-."...;..• 75 ; ' • ,4.509
Sanr Jose: Water-." t< ;. ;..;.;•;..:¦./.;..¦; :50 . 4;24i
Spring .^Valley -.Water •'.>.;>¦...¦ ...... -¦-.42- • . '68.g00
California Street Cable 1. «:.:...•:'•> 50" -.' 5,000
Geary Street Cable-Co. J1y .....:';.? ''60. i : 5.000
Market Stieet Railway.......;/.,..- -.60 ' 111,702
Oakland G. H. &L. Railway:...; .20 ' =1.600
Preeldio Railway •.¦..'.5^..:: ;»..;...-, 10.'.; I,ooo'
Sutler Street 'Railway. ....'.. 125" • 25.000
Hulme Bros.'*:. Hume .;-.;.°;.^:...;;.- • 65.° M.511
'Alaska Packers' Association .:.-...: >. 75 "; 36.000
Hawaiian Commercial- .-.•......',¦,;.;.•, ; 60 '.'.50,000
Hutchlnson Plantation • 25 20.000
Honokaa Sugar ........ ............. 3i H'tS.
Kilauea Sugar- ¦;.»/ £•'*£
Makaweli Sugar ;";, ...,;. "60 17.40.
Onomea Sugar .;..»: 35 IJ.aOO
Paauhau Suwr ...;. 35, 35°^
California Powder ....100 15.000
Giant Powder Co. ..........; 50 10.000
Pacific Telephone 40 13.200
Sunset Telephone .;...>;.:;» ._..¦.¦¦ 25 I. aw
Oceanic Steamship i... -80 U-500
Pacific Coast Borax ...;... 500 , 95.000
Aetna Quicksilver .....-.......;....; IS lp.ooo
Argonaut Mining Co. ..:....;..;.:. v 10 : 20.000
Alaaka-Mexlcan Mining Ca.. 10 ¦• lf.°oo
Alaska-Treadwcll Mining Co.- ....; 37V4 ' ,;5.0C0
Apollo Mining Co. .;....¦;......;....,..
Boston Quicksilver :..-.:.;;.:......-., 10 "•'.'W-OW
Grass Valley Exp. Mining C 0..,.. .25 ...7,500
Gwln Mining Co. .v:;;.....".. ..'..,.. p5 '¦ J.COO ;
.Homcstake MlnlnK C 0 . ...;;......:. 50 . lJa-CW
Nnpa Con. Quicksilver ...... .»>... 20 2^>.000
New Idrla Quicksilver .......... .20 20.000
Ontario Mining Co. ? 30 «,000
Pennsylvania Mining Co. .... 4 ... 20 .. '.10.300
¦'Totar^^;w^,;/..:^%>^"-»-n.-24.433
A summary :6f: 6f the dlrldenda Jtbr the month
compares as .follows; -. p ,:.;;:¦;. '//^ •;
Banks ;';^;...-;^';.C-. i ;V;;W.^Ui ; $571.068 .. |o«0,530
WateVV.'/.V......; i..:....,:;-... . 57.151
Street Railway ?;,.....;.:...;. 141.703 . 1J9.302
Powder ..';.. .;;v. i;....;'..,.;.i ;....;'..,. ; . 10.000 23.000
Bucar • ?.....,,.....,..^;. 25.000 189.90".
Fish .V..;.,;; 36.000 37.511
Telephone ...:....,...;.. 20.700 .20.700
Mining .......... >.;...;,..>. 418.925 420.800
Miscellaneous ......,.;....;..... 15.500 107.500
Total -1;.v.^...;;;..w. J1.724.433
In addition .to the above dividends for the
month, the local savings banks paid semi-an
nual dividends amounting to about $2,000,000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
.:. "WEDNESDAY, Jan. 31—2 p. m.
Bia.Asn. ¦ - .- Bid. ask.
TJ B Bonds— Ekjult O L Co.. 3% 4
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co.. 13-! 14
4s quar reg.... — 114^ O G L & H... 44V* 45
4s quar new... — — Pac Gu Imp.. 4»-\ 49%
89 avar coud..UoV4 — Pac I>ight Co.. 41V« —
Miscellaneous— S T r,.& E.... 60', 61%
Cal-st Cab 5a.117 — San Francisco. i% A%
C C Wat 65.. — 107H Stockton Gas.. U — .
Ed I. i I 1I 1 65. .130 m Insurance— . '¦-¦'
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 — Flrem's Fund.22o —
G«ary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks— . : .
H C A B 6tt5..105 110 Ltd. SSH —
HCA a oa MX^i — Bak of Cal ....401 4C2
L A Ry 65....104'/» — Cal SD A T.. 93 100
L A LCo 65.. — — First Natn1....250 305
Do gntd ««.. — •• — • Lon P A A...AZ3 136
I>o »cntd 55.. — 103 Merchants' Xx — • U
LA& P R 68.102 — Nev Nat 8k... t- —
Market-st 65...126^i — Savings Banks—.
Do Ist M 55..117H — Ger S A L..1750 — . r
N C N O R 75.105 — . Hum a A L — — .
N It or Cal £».iw4 — Mut Say Bk.. 45 .; —
NR of Cal 68.113% — S F Say Vii 600 —
N H r H H J«.10.1 . -.—,,-' Say A L Co. 74 .78
NPC R R 65. 105 106 Sec Say Bk. — —
NCHH 5g... 10* — Union T C 0..- ,-r ; .
O G L Ail 55. 103 . — Street Railroads—:
Oak Tran «5..111. 112^ California ..V..118,: — :
[>ak WCo Bs.. — : .— . fJ^ary-st .'.wV^aOj- •' •¦ \
Oceanic SS Co, — 105^ Market-st Ry.. O . — .
om c i(y 61.;— lav* os J. .¦«* M..;. — . 60-
PACI Ry 65..104 1O4« Presidio ...i... 14 —
Ik AO Hy «». — — -': Powder StocHs— . . : :
Powell-st R 6s.U9H — California .....160 . — ;
Km** Xl <:* K>s - I'lO X Dynamite.:. •. SS "— :
B F A SJV 6S.IISXIISU Giant Con Co., 93H 95
H Ky of cal 6». -- .i«m . Vlgorit ........ 2Va —
S I' of A «s:...110>41Il sugar Stocks—
8 PC 65(1905). 112% Hana P C 0.... 7% 7%
«P C 65(1506).112 '—.-• Haw C&S Co — 88U
HP C «sU»I2). — — Honokaa S Co. 29% 30U
BPCIs eg ss. — — Hutch 8 P Co. 25^ 2ff!»
.8 P.Br 68......124H — Kllauea S Co.. — — .
8 V Wat 65../.115VU16 Makaweli SCo 42% 43^
8 V Wat 4a....103»; — Onomea S Co. — .;.. 27V 4
h V W 4sUdm)ll)2W — Paauhau S Co. 2b?i 27
Stktn Gas 65..101V410S . Ml»celianeou»— .
WHter stocks— Al Pack Assn. ll9^l2o :
Contra Costa.. 73ft 74 Mer Ex Asun.. - V—}:
Mann County.^ 1 - Oceanic S Co.. 93^4 95
Spring Valley. 93U 93% Pac A F A.; . . l«i 2 ¦
Uaa A Electric-^- Pac C Bor C0.143*i — :
Cent Gas Co.. — \ — Par Palm C«.. »>, —
Cent L & P..>.— •-":-5 . ,-'. .^.- -v.-\' :.'.: .'. : '.' ¦ '.-•>/;
Morning Session.
Board-
80 Contra Costa Water .................. 73 60 .
SO Honokaa S Co ....;..,......;......;,. 30 00
60 Honokaa S Co ;...........„„ Ti 62H
90 Honokaa S Co ..;....'.... 29 75
2> Honokaa S Co ...,.......;............ 29 87H
100 Hana Plantation Co, s 90.............. 7 37V4
55 Hana Plantation Co ;.,................ 7 STVfc
ISO Makawelt 6 Co ?..;......;.......;...; 43 CO
60 Market Street Railway .....iV....... 61 CO
Jl^'O Nevada : Co N GRR bonds ......105 75
60 Paauhau S P Co 2« 75
2t>o Hanuhau S P Co v..i. ..;.............. 26 37^i
23 Pacific :Gas Imp, 8: 10;..... ..,.:...... 43 00.-;
10 Pacific Gas Imp ...;............»,.;.;. 43 10
45 S F Gas: & Electric Co ............ 61 »
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, 530... ....... 51 00;
70 Spring Valley Water .....;..... ..93 75
10 Spring Valley Water ....i...;...;.*;. 93 SO
10 Sprtncc. Valley, Water -i...... ......... 93 624
¦-.. Street— •¦: ¦¦¦¦:: .¦".:¦¦ ...'::¦; : .--.; ; - .-:.:. : ¦-.•--¦ ¦ : :•
lIOCO SF & SI V b0nd5. ....;. : ....;.;...i118 00
KOOU S\3s c0up:>.;,;.:;:v...V;V;;vv.,..,...110 50
¦ .'•>'. ¦'-. ' Afternbon Session.
Board— : : .;.r- : ;~VA : . ¦':--. •
60 liana Plantation Co .«...;;;;. ....;..i. 7 37H
75 Honokaa S Co ' ¦..ii-'..,;.;.>;.'....«i..-..;.» S7H
40 Market Street Railway ;..;.... ..i..;. 61 00
10 Paauhau S P Co- ..>•.;•. ....-.;,,'.,. ..;,;.;; '26 50
.50 Pacific Coast' Borax' . •..¦...,;..¦. ..•..;..144 oi>
10 Spring Valley Water ...;..;.......... 93 62^
¦•¦¦-••VV Street— V.:.'--' ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦'-.•••'¦¦.•.". ;:'.vi-:-' .: .-- .':':¦ : ¦:.-.:¦;:
JWCO Los '.Anpeles Railway. 6s ¦ ...........103 CO ; :
.10 Market Street Railway .-..":,¦«. „....;,. 61 00
JlOOOOakland Gas bonds .;.i.i...*.......109 .50.;"
SAN : FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGH
'.BOARD. - .
Morning..' Session.
' ¦'- :.Tioar&— :¦.¦',•"¦¦ '¦' ¦ :¦¦ '::,";' : !-.- . : - ¦;'¦-¦¦ ¦ -.:
10 Contra; Costa Water................... 73 00
10 Cohtra Costa Water ...;..:...........; 72 87^
100 Eoultable^ Gas '..'.^w............,..,..'. 4 12^
15 Olarit Powder -Con ..•..;.;........;.... 94 75 •
.lSHonokaa S..Co : ....«..;,..,...;...„.;. 2» 75
IW. Mutual- Electric Co ?;-..... ............. 13 75
lOO'Paauhau Suuar Co..s 50...!............. 26 50
20 bceinie; S S Cb<;.;vii.....;..... ...... 94 00
2Q S F Gas & E1ectric,......;.........,. 51 00
25 S F Gas & Electric ................... 50 S7lj
10 Spring Valley. Water i...........^;.. 94 00
:' V- .'¦'.- Afternoon Session.
Board— : ¦ \ "' k^'--!.' -.-'.' .'-..-
20 Contra- Costa Water ."..1.;.;.'.........., 72 75 :
20 Contra Costa Water ;...,..;.....-..... 73 00
10 Contra Costa Water: ........:.«.. ...... 7S 23 v
10 Alaska .Packers' . Assn .......... .....113 75
50 Honokaa S Co .....; 29 52%
20 Market Street Railway .......... u:.. 61 My-.
20 S F Gas & Electric ...... ......... ....51 00 .
iOSpring. Valley Water -.......*..,..;......: 93 50
ICO Vlgorit Powder ;:;;-....;.;...».;.;..;.. 2 S7V4
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE. ;: : ; .;
'¦'¦¦¦-.' :¦ .'¦'¦¦¦ /-Morning -Session..--'. •¦ '" ; - ?'¦'¦'• ¦-•' ; :
;. -.:'.'; : v Board— ••.::; '-: ':'.¦¦'¦¦¦: ' : V..'".v. ¦;..;.'- / • _
200 Century . : ;.vV.;.....-.....T.. .................. 1 20
100 Anaconda '....,'.»... ..;.;;. ...., ¦ So
200 Barker's Ranch ..>.>..».................. 1 15
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
;;;A'-V-;^;''^ilornin»T'Sei«loa. • ;
Board—
EO Home OH .....>........ ..............;..... « 90
100 National ....;....- .... ......... v.*.,,^ 700
ica Petroleum Center ........................ _-.; 45
•• •• ;.- Street-^ .••;'¦ r: ' • ; -. :-'-• . "..¦.- ¦¦;¦¦'¦• :\- .••••:•. •' -
100. Petroleum; Center .;.. •<... ................. .40.
'¦'-. ¦• ¦ . Afternoon Session. .''¦'¦ .-; ¦'•¦¦":>.•.¦¦ ,' :
60 Home : pit. ;;;..; . . *:. :.;;... ;;.'.-. »'.'... ». ... .V. ...» 85
200 Home Oil ....;. i ...U....V.... ..:....... 3 80
v !~:! ~: -V :•;¦: : 'MINING STOCKS. : \. : '.J"\ ¦¦.-
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock : and Exchange Board yesterday: :.:-•-
Mornlnj Session,
ICO Belcher ........ la 80ft Potosl ....;;..». 10
1100 Con Cat & Va:.l'V» 600 Yellow Jacket.. 23
700 Ophir ..,..¦.,... 72 ¦;-•.¦. •?-•¦'. •'• : .-...-, - r.-V'-.V: -'•.¦•
Afternoon Session,
m Belcher .'.i . ..'. . 09 1 200: Justice ..;....«. -.01
100 Challenge -.....:. 211 500 Mexican.. ...... -'33
. .60 Chollar ..;.W... : 221 40 Ophlr .;........ 72
100 Crown . Point: ... 11 - 800 P0t051 ::.i....;.i». : 27
Following were the sales: In. the Pacific Stock
Exchanze. yesterday :-;.:-¦ : -^. ..:: '.-:.''^ ¦¦¦-:::'..' ¦
Morn Ins Session.
400 Best & Belcher 22 f -500 Potbsl ?':v:;:.-;; : :30
200 C C & Va..;.l 47V4 500 Union C0n,..;,. 23
400 Gould & Curry. 23 [: 200 Union C0n.,.;:.' JS
2CO Mexican . ;;. .'¦¦ 33f300 Yellow Jacket;. 22
700 Mexican: ...:;,.., 321 .200 Carters' :GM...V" 30-
ICO Ophir ¦ ..WO:.'U.~- 721-' iv.-,. ,..;; ;\,v.;:.V.'j r
'¦¦¦'¦ ¦ "'... Afternoon' Sessjonl : ' .'¦:¦:;¦¦¦ '\;.~'' :
2CO Andes ¦.;. : .....- : .;;. '06.- 100 Confidence- ;..V.' 74
300. Best &' Belcher .'23 :300: 300 Gould A Curry" 23
400 C C * Va;.;.147H .600 Opblr ;..;....„ ;.7i; .7i
30ft C C & Va..;.V.l 45- 200 Potbsl -.,...;_.., 23
100 Confidence ;..;¦,¦;.:.¦ "at •"'.:.: .¦.-;'-.; ¦¦'••-? -; . •¦:¦ • - ¦".
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
'? '."•"• • ' • :-¦. ' :-. ¦W;TONESDAY.'-Jan. : , 3l^-4' p." n£^
Alpha".:. r .;;. ..--.« '..— • - 03 tKentuck. . .v.;.;..' 01- ¦¦ 02
Alta :.;;.;.'. .'>»..-¦- 02 '¦¦.- 03.- lAdy'-Wash.-..:ii'-''C2:i-;' —
A ndes '.: .'. ;. '•.; ; .•.::•. 06 ' •' .07 Mexican • .-.- . ; ;.'i : . '33 '."¦' 33
Belcher :. ; . , . . :;." 09 .-:• 10 Occidental ...... -^J 18
Best'& B«>lchr; : .-.22:.; '-23. Ophlr.' '.•;..'.;-...,-'.:70;.- ;J7l'
.Bullion .•.¦..¦¦..;.;¦; :.t)4".-..«5 Ov.ertnan •.•..¦..;•¦ 05¦ 06
Caledonia "...±<.,± :53-."65 P0t05f ...... .,.-., ; ; •¦27::'-". 2S
Chollar . ;;...'..,., : ," '22.- ¦ 22 Savage 13. :: :i4
Challenge- Cpn.y 20. v .22 Scorpion- '.;;v.V. •.¦CI-. r '4^-
Confidence ..,¦;»'. .74; '.— Seg' Belche-r.:;:; :Ct--4Z: Ct--4Z
Con Cal &¦ Va.t 45 .1 50; Sierra Nevada,:' 41 -i 42
Cbhilmperlat... -— 01 ?SHv«r. Ki11.;..;., -^ -06
Con New York. —:r .041 St Louts. l V.•;,'.. •;,'.; '- '^ Ot
Crown Point:;.. 11 -.12- Standard -V;:.;. 2 49" —
Exchequer ... :...~ .'¦ 02. Syndicate -..i ,;V. ¦=-. 05 '"¦ <&
GoUld-& Curry.-. 33 ...-24jUnton C0n..;..;- VS " S3
H«-vle& .NorcrS'. >' 3f>.' '31"Utah -'.¦-.¦.•.;. V; '.'•.< :-M 05'
Julia ...-.;: .;„,:./. ,•^'.,o2: Yellow Jacket;, tl 22
justice ',..;, .,-.v.\ ra .03 ' =i- - •••..-.¦--. • v • >-::-J .'¦:¦¦
Chicago Grain Market.
a' point: •Third Avenue and Plttsburg, Cincin
nati; "Chicago and St. Louis continued heavy
In' face of the general tendency of the market.
The money market continued very easy with
out reflecting in any degree the enlarged stock
market activity and sterling exchange was dis
tinctly reactionary. .:.-..¦.•••'¦.. •¦ ' ¦¦¦
The bond, market was active.: but yielded at
some, points. -Total sales, par value, $2,355,000.
; -Unlted. States 4s (coupon) declined H and the
01d. 4s in the bid price; 2s rose tt.'.-V.;" ; ••
; -.-. NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares'. ;-•'.•.¦••<••-¦-:-;• ; ¦:. :¦•-•-¦:../: : ; .. Closing
sold; ¦:¦.¦'¦ stocks-^ ¦ ¦-. >¦.:¦;:•. '-;.-.¦¦ Bid. .
6.er» Atchlson .....;... M ......i..........i-. 20Vi
35.450 Atchison prefd....... ..;...... ,. V V..;.62H
.: 8.-C3S Baltimore & 0h1».':.;.-...i-«.vivJ.,»-W«-«"-'*§H
r 225 ..Canadian Pacific ..........».........>. 95U
•¦-'¦rSO) .¦...Canada Sputhera ¦..-.;..;., . : .;........y. 49
.2,265 Chesapeake A-. 0hi0.. ...... ....i..i....29Vi
VloO'Chicaro Great We5tern..;..;,.....;... 13H
lS,i»30 ¦ ' Chieagii Burlington: & Quincy.. .. ...W!;,
: 100 Chicago Ind & L0ui5vi11e.;. .i.. ;...... 16 .
400 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd..:... 49
.fli>»vChlca«a & Eastern 111in0i5.;..,. ;:87V4
..-;¦•¦ 30<J Chicago. & North western ....:;,..,::. 159
4,000 Cliicairp Rock Island & Pacific...... 107
; 600 C C;C:& St Louis..... ;..>».... ....... 61
.' '235 Colorado Southern :.'i.... ...;.... ',:... si
...;:..- Colorado Southern Ist prefd, ex dlv. 41 ¦:
.¦ 200 ; Colorado Southern 2d. prefd.. ....:.... 14 .
400 Delaware 4: Hudson
•' 4<» Delaware Lack & Western.,.. i. ;..... 176
.-.4fw De-nver *.R!o Grande....... 18
-730 Denver & Rio Grande prefd..:.,..... 69' i
; £00 Erie ..;... •.i;i i..-..j'..i ..-..j'.. ,U4
..1.C20; Erie Ist prefd ........... 33%
... :.;:..' Great Northern prefd.. ,,'..;..;.. :V.,,15S
.. 800 . Hocking Coal ....•..,.../..>.... .;.i..., 17.
.200 Hocking Valley ...........^..;....... 33
. 400 Illinois- Central, ex d1v.. i .......;.....112'-i
:^.:.v lowa Central •• ; :;.-.;.-'..;..-.. .'.'.'...:¦......'•. 12 1 *
. '•:.-. . *X>. lowa Central prefd. 62M:
1.41 ft Kansas City Pittsburgh Gu1f....... -7;*
• ¦'. SCK* . Lake Erie & Western..; .....;.... 22
.'.;.'.;.' Lake Erie & Western prefd........... S3^
.'...;-.;: Lake Shore .:..........:......;.;.. ......:i94
-2. 925 Louisville & Na«hv111e.;..... 79H
10.451 Manhattan L 55%
.: 6.755 Metropolitan Street Ha11way...... ...172'j
.300 Mexican Central ......:......,...i.... ll'-i
,245 Minneapolis & St L0ui5............... 60%
;-.;.. •:'. Minneai>olis'& 3t .Louis prefdi....... 91
10.250 Missouri Pacific .>;...:............;... 44Vi
'.\'~:\: Mobile & 0hi0...... :.'....;.;..;.;.....•' .40 .
;..;;.;; .'Missouri Kansas & Teyas.. ? 10,4
. 1,410 11 if sou ri Kansas i Texas prefd.:.;.. 33
. 4."»> '.New Jersey Centra 1.. ...... .............117
¦l.*uo New York Central ....134
9. 645 Noi-f oik A Western- .>;.....' ..;.... 25^
. L7W Norfolk & Wtstern prefd.... ..... 70»4
'¦•"4.-£oO Northern Pacific :...:. . ..;.>.. 12
:2.4»u Northern Pacific prefd.;.,;.. ...¦..;... 74v4
' : Z3.-642 ,: Ontario & We5tern:;.. ..>.i^... .;..... 22tj
»;-..;> ¦ : ; Oregon Railway. .&;. Kav.-. ;. ;„...' 42
..'.'..-..; Oregon Rail way ':& Nay prefd.. 76
. 2.710 Pennsylvania ;; ;.;......... .". i i2? a i
. ¦ . 6X> ¦"¦¦ Reading . ;•;¦; .... . ; .-. :'; ;. ;.,..';. »v. ;.....;. 18»i
23.270: Heading. Ist 'prefd.. ,,,;...•¦:;;..... ...,654
.3.750:. Reading 2d -prefd,....../....^;..;.;.:..; 29
. ; . V. v. ' R!t> :Grande ' .We5tern. ,'. ... ;. ....;.., . ; 40
:iW Rio Grande Western prefdi . . .;J. ..... 82
:.K«O.;St Louis & San Fran,..,. .;•.;:,;.-...... 11
i'.;.i; r.St Louis & SanFrin. Ist prefd...;;; 63V4
•¦: •¦--. 1<V): St Louis & San Ftan 3d prefd..:.... 45H
: 500 St Louis Sbuthwestern/; t.:;-. 11 «*
2,%0 V St: Louis Southwestern prefd 27»i
i 11^525 St Peul ......... ....^..;...i... ..UB"i
Vi-.viri "-..8t Paul prefd....;;;;., .':.-:-»v'.'.: ...... ...170
¦*.-.' £25 St Paul & Omaha /...;;.;*. ..:..... ..120
;. 25.-625-; Southern ' Pacific ;.'.;'. .... ......;.. 38^
2.C' k) : Southern Railway , : i...\ ... . „ h»j
6.610. Sbuthern. Railway prefd......'........ 54%
.'1.200' Texas.' & Pacifle: ;.'i. 1 ..'...'.i;'...,....i.. 15\
7.150 I 'nlon' Pacific. ',;.;.. .'...iVv... '.;.,..... 46"4
2.350 .'Union Pacific; prefd. ».; .;...'. :.i 73»^
.' .: 1'^:;.Waba5h,'v>:.i.\.;;.,'V.'..;..;ii... ; ... :;..,': 6%
'.' . 910- : Wabash prefd 'Jv ; .; *-. ..........;. .-. .'. ' 20S
- : ;-«4'}y Wheeling & Lake Erie............:... »*i
.;-,vl6i:. Wheeling. & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 26'^
'.:-.:¦¦ "3Ooi' .Wisconsin ' Central :............;.:... I7i»
¦...•;.... ,' Express companies— ¦ V ' . ¦¦'¦¦¦'
.;»..:'.' /Adams ¦ . .;'.. : , ;.;..;.!.; ;;-j .:.'...'...;...:. 11?
..,i;;.'...Amerlcan i'.i. -.-.;.. :i.V. ;........:...,... 14R
.';,viV»:.. r :Untted States ...i/.'.'.. — »:-..'...........; 47
;. .'. ¦. . . : . Wells- Fargo V i.i'.'i:'; U . ;. ,'.:;¦. '.-,.'... ....... 123
:'* .':'.:.•: illsceHaneous— ¦ ' '.'; ¦'•'.¦¦'• • .'•
:v ; 810 f? American- Cottpri: Oil ¦¦-'.:. : i".'i .-;...'....'; Z3M
>¦;.;;:.:¦.,.'. American- Cotton. Oil prefd :....... 93
'¦;.,;- 300. American; Malting ...... ...¦.;,...'.¦... su
;:-.-'3C 1 0'. : American /Mailing '.prefd -.....;...., 26
¦4.45&. ¦American, STr.elting &•' Re5n., ...;.. 33
•v~sii ..;¦ America^ . Smelting: & Refin prefd:. 80^4
.>;'.,;.:, ;vAmericah'. Spirits,- ,v... : . ;..,;.,.... ., .'. 31^
;y'.:.::j. American 1 Spirits*-' pretd. ¦.........:... y;
. 4, €25 ¦American Steel Hoop .;.'.. ............ 4414
:¦ 1.555 .American ' Steer Hoop' prefd'.'.-.'.;.:,. Biij
81,5MV.'A'h«rtc..an;-Kteei: : ; &V;.\vire'..;-.v-:-.-.-i:."...j. 57^
2,""0 V American Steel- -.&:¦ W) re prefd...... S^'i
' low lAiriertean'.Tin Plate' ..'.;¦. ;:.»•.'.;.;,.... 21
...:-.12S -"American \Tln-' Plate, prefd ¦•:.., .. . : . ;. SOU
30.560 'American '.Tobaccov;'... .'...:.....¦:.... ..10iij
;'-;..'..»;V.- .{'American Tobacco: prefd ..............135
¦ - '710. : Anaconda Mining :Co :....;.... »..;•;.'.' 337*
7. f.C0 .Brooklyn Rapid" Transit ::. '.:-.: ;.„',. 75%
¦'.; 6,200 Colorado Fuel & 1r0n:. .;...,:;..;.;... 43
..3.260' CcmtlnentaJ, -Totaccp ' .;;... ?;..'.:.;,' 33U
. ... 415 ./ConUneiital. Tpbaccoprffd \.. : .\ >:'.:.. J6
24.340 Federal Steel .;.»«-.- .:. i ,.-.-.^;. .. .V..... . 53U
Federal: Steel: prefd,v. ..:.;.;. ..;.;;. ;i .73
•V:;v.-lw::..Oen*i«).-.'-ra«tric'-^V,->;v«.i:v. < ?.,.'.-i:,;--: i - i23-':''
'.; 1,^37. Glucose 'Sukar ¦,¦.,;>¦:¦-'.;:¦;;¦; . : . .'.;.¦.;. V.;.. ; :66*i
• .; 250.. Glucose-:Sugar': pretd' .".'.;;...;.,. ;,.,.;i0i4
¦ -. -350: '•.'International',' Paper., i*. .:.'.'.. v..v....; 2314
:.-; .$so : ;. International: Paper : 'pirefd ' ;.;.'.' 67%
..¦'¦7OO..l^clede '..Gas •¦;;¦;.'..•,;;,.¦».¦.'...;'...;;..•.. 791,
'•."•' 800. National' Biscuit" -vJ-.'.-.-.;.......;.;. ..; 36^
.;.;.i :. ;: National Biscuit prefd .; ;.. ;; ;.,.„:, '93
¦¦'•'. 80Q: : -National V Lead •' .V. .v-.;...i'.^. ..;.;.... 26V4
' /-.100 ¦ National Lead ' prefd ¦• . . .;.V. ,:..;. '. . . . .105 •
¦'¦ ' 197. Natlpnal.: : Steel',.v. f .v..;. : .;.;-..'...;;.. ii 4414
: ::660:'' National' -.sfteel'- prefd : ;¦;....;.;.. ....... S2V4
'. . : ••; /.'. ':;¦ New ' Yprk. ; Air. Brake : v.'J ;.'.,. .- .>'.> i.^129i .^129
¦.^':U^ SoTih.Amtryc&n .i:..-....^i^:'..^.^.1..u'i
.".i,.'.'j: Pacific- Coast ¦.>•;'.¦-••¦.'.¦.;.;;»......... SO
:.,'.':;;: "Pacific Coa*t'isti>refd :v... '.;.'.';..... $3 ;
>;;. kit Pacific Coast -2d prefd-.-.'.i. .;.':>;;.;.¦.¦ 62V4
¦ l; 758 . Pacific -Mail ;..; ...,...;;. :". .-,;., ;..;.;' 43
.' ,7.995 ¦ People's- Gas- '¦... y.;.%U... .>;¦.;. .^...10^
..¦.;¦.¦,.• Pressed. Steel ' Gar: -.;..;.;V.'w;v.. ;.•.,.' !J,%
.: 112' -Presoed .Steel. Car: prefd.;..;.. ;.....; g7 .
¦ 100 .Pullman ;Car' C- ,;.v.,;;^. : .; .'.183 ¦
;<'i.'-..;.- Standard Rope &.Twln©:;...'.;«;.^;-. . 8"
147.550 Sugar ;;.,>--»;;-.,; ; .,..:..:V....i..,;i.;...nS
.;,..:.'. : : Sugar 'pref4. :.•.:..;;..¦.,'.¦.. i.iV.,-. :-.... ..112 ¦
'; 3.0 M): Tennessee Cpal-'&- Iron ,;. ,'.-.... '."ii-.i.vM^i
4.C50: X'nited States .Leather...-.',;;;:.:.';;.,.. i6<i
; = 1,020 •=• United. States Leather rirefd' .';.;..'.. 76»/4
.- " -300. United-States- Rubber.- ."..;::. J .;-.. ...-..; 3S«i
Zl'^'. .. ¦'¦ iUnlt ed - States Rubber .prefd .v. ;'; v.. 101
.-.;..V.- '.Western. 'Union-. :; : .;?:::,:.'...;.;¦;.•;.».•.. gsu
10,270 • Republic. Iron & Steel .-..;.....;...... 23^,
:. «00 Republic Iron" & : SteelVprefdi;:. : .6?
•Ji.'.jV-vP-'-G -'-C.- &;-St.'.Louis'.;'.- r i:ii-.i>;»ii;;.v:7s C
637.000::Snares' : .Sold;. : -':':'^-/V:^ -'¦¦'.• '¦:¦¦ V'.'^.N "..' '-
:••;...-. :; :f.; : : :clc>sing/ bonds;
U S 2s reg. ;>.;.-...„ 102 V
V S"3s':reg>..V.".-;..-,"..1ya.'4
te s.ss coup.,-...;. lio ..
U S new 4a reg:... 133. .
U- S.new 4s : .coup.;iS4' '.
.U E :old 4s •.reg,;..ll4'V
US old :4s : cbup. MI4H
'.US:sB:reg..wv;.;-.^:.ii2^
US 5s coup:; ;..; i'MlSl*
plsbf Cal 3.C5«..;,HS
A teh) son . gen : 45 .% lOO^i'
Atchlson ¦ad J 4s . ;J «I*<
Canada •So.2ds. i '. ,. : .;i08V
Ches A. Ohio 4Vis;;. K\-
Ch-es & Ohio 'is.;-. j17..- •'
C. & NW c0n;75.:;i42«4"
C &- NWSFdeb C 5.120 :
Chicago Term '4s.:i :94' "
D '¦*¦• R ¦G'ists;;,v.v.irr2^
D &n O 45... ..;.:.. Ss%
E-T; V. Si G lstS:10i:. .
nrie- Oeh 45. '..•.'».•.•» 68' :¦
FW.i,DC.lBti.,, 72
Gen- Elee. 55.'..C;.114«4
O H *.S A:65.....;1'» si
O II &--S A 2d5..105 "
h & t c 55...:,-..
II4TC con 65.'.., 110 •
lowa Cent lsts;. -.mi*
k c p & a isu..-.;.ea.
La new cons 4s 106>4
L & N Unl 45...... 99 ¦
M X A T 2d5.......'. 69 •
M X A T 45. ...•:. ..-90^
N V Central lsts...lOSH
N ;J Cent ten 55..,.i24-. .
NCarprina: 65 .'.:... 127
• s «" : Carolina; <5. . ;'. . ,iu6
N:Pa4inc.'.istB;..;;.llo ¦'•
N;p»cifi<*'3s,^ '.v;-;;: 67
N • Pacfnc-;'45: . ;;.!. ;iO3H
N'-Y. C &•& • S L An. .. .10'7H
N*&' \V;con ;< si.. ;:.¦;¦ 33.U
N'V& W;«en: e5.:..;12»
Or.;Nav : .'ists.v;;.;;;.io9'' •
Or. "Nay.is;. :'.;; ; ;. : '.ior.- ;
Or ; S -LI ne '6s. .viv^'jJttij.-
Or ;B- Line-con. 55. :,112>,»
Reading :g«i;4s.-..;-.84T4
R-.G w.-ists::'.-.-.;,;??
S L. &.I.M con:6s..ll»i
S-L A S F ten es. pl2lp 121
St. Paul' c0n5.:.;;.:167^
S: P C &. V 15t5; ..;119 .
S PC &,p.ts.. i ...1i0
So; Rail way. 65.... ..10$
Stand R.&T 6b.,. S3.H
Term: new ¦«et"3s'.-:;-'95 o
Tex &. Pac.15t5.,;...112T4
Tex-& Pac 2d5...; 54
Union- Pacific 4a:. : :104*i
Wabash lsts.-... .. ; . 115%
Wabash 2d5;...-.'.-.'.103
West Shore 45. .....113 .
Wis Cent lsts. ':.... 90U
Va Centnes .•..;.-... 86
Va'deferred' .V..-..V 6"
Colo& Sq 45...i;.;.-85'!i
Southern Rao 4s,'. 83H
MINING .STOCKS.
Chollar ......; 20
Crown Point. ' 09
Con Cal & Va..... 1 38
Dead wood .......... 15
Gould A Curry I 20
Hale & Norcro«s -..'' 31
Homectake , ...55 00
Iron Silver ........ .',.->
Mexican ..........:. 27
Ontario .'..'..¦. .„•..-.';. T'7s
0phir....^,..;:.... ..-•.«
Plymouth ¦..¦..'.-.:/..' OS
Quicksilver ..:;:.„ 175
Quicksilver prefd.; 7 50
Sierra. Nevada..:.;. •. . 8S
Standard •..:;.:.,,..• 2!' 4o'
Union Con :.:.„¦.,..' .25
Yellow Jacket : --'zo
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — - J c . ¦' „
Call loans'.... ......4STS
Time loans' ...4©i
Stocks— . c '
Atchison '.. 20%
do preffl-'.... 62 >
Am Sucar ./....'...11J'
do prefd ..113
Bell Telephone 337*,
do prefd ...;.".. ...HOVV
Weetlnßh Elee v
do prefd .»."... 61
Dominion Coal .... <i -
do prefd 1154
Bonds— *."'¦
Atchlson 4s ...¦;.... 99
Mining shares—
Adventure = ........ ,•; 5
Newy^rklStoWUiarket
NEW; TORK, Stin. »I.— To-day's itock jnaritet
rhowed;. the stimulating effect ..Of .yesterday's
thafp-; advances- and ;. increased activity "in. 'a
Uiyely./Bn)Efi<Htf^^O!rt«^';4etniij^v^^v»oß^
ml ssl on • houses showed ' more, bii ylhg '¦ orders ;.to
esecute'.'th.ls morning ;thaa : . for many'^ weeks
past,' and:; .their brokers made a lively opening
; on -the 'floor of the board roenj.'.. The.' great
artivlty.of :the market : and the •teadinesB'.:6f
prlc** during the flrst hour tnad» It obvious
that' epet-ulators who. had bought Mocks \yesr
terday v ere feeding' the .new - demand with a :
Ja«llrlous ia>era!lty «b as to reallre profits -on
ywterday'« rise and T«t ,'• not disturb- the hew
level of values. The eteady and confident
alisorptlon • /if these offerings proved highly
ratlsXactory to the profers'.onal bulls and be-
Ior« the end; of the flirt hour they commenced
to bid up: prices again and to .take on nrw
lines of stock.-. The market was a : g-ood -deal
unsettled by -a: sudden break cf 4 points ¦in
Fug-ar and • the- announcement of the ./allure
of an important Stock Exchange .house. ..The
cloeln* out «fthe accounts of this house un
der the rule «f the exchange caused a pause'
In the: speculative actirjty. though the shares
vere well absoTbed-and price* well rnstalned
The beet prices of the day in the majority of
the stocks were made after this episode, the
demand from the short interest becoming eager
•md pressing for nome of the stocks which
have been targets recently for the bear opera
tions. The friirhtened shorts were fairer to
cover and It cannot be nald that the bull
contingent retained the same placid confidence
during: the latter part of the day. They were
disposed to avail themselves of the forced de
mand trom the sfcorts to realize and "prices
yielded quite materially during the last hour
The mixed sentiments thus manifested were
»artly due to the facts disclosed by the day's
Incident! that an important part or yesterday's
large buying was due to a reckless and In
temperate attempt to recoup beer losses by
plunring Into a large account. It was evident
that operators ehort of the general market
h.ad made a prodigal outlay In sugar which
relapsed weakly in face of an effort to realize
profits. There was very heavy covering in
evidence at various points In the list the in
dustrial stocks recently under pressure beine
rooet conspicuously affected. The very heavr
<lea:!n*s in Brooklyn Transit and a part of
the demand for Steel and Wire were attributed
to this cause. There was a very large demand
however, for Steel and Wire for the long ac
count.. The sympathetic effect on other metal
•tocks was less marked • than yesterday. The
aggressive •trer.gth seemed „to impress foreign
xr.arketa and Invited some small buying de
mand from London. J Conspicuous strength was
displayed by the grangers, the coalers and
•ome Boutbwerterss, but the gains in tbe rall
nad stocks were much affected by the late
reallxlng and were nearly all reduced to frac
tional llmiu, after having extended well above
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRI^*ED.
..•-.". " "Wednesday. January -ZL'.::
.¦•;.!St^;.'W^lMett?.''' Hsm9e'a.-..78..'.h0ur«-..froni'.SeJ-- :
:attie«- v "¦''.: r.:": : ¦:"'•" -v:-: : . : '--::* ;-•¦ ¦'."'.¦"••'¦.'¦¦ ¦'"'.•:-/•¦¦. •-'¦;. ¦•".:'.;¦¦¦
¦ Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. 24 hours from Eureka.
. Stmr Australia. Lawless^ « days 6 bour» 28
minutes from Honolulu^: ,. :.-:.-. .-.-:•¦..,: ...-/; ¦ : v.. A -:
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. «% hour* frora
San Dietro. •tc; :: .'-'.i'-".-^L-;."-.- '=-''J i '-' - 7 ¦ : "'.-'; : •>..-.
Stmr Westsort. Ertcaaon. 77 hour* from
TVillara Harbor. .-•.¦-•... =¦'. " :- ':'_¦, ;¦/ ¦": ¦¦' ::..-.¦¦
.'Br: stmr. Wellington,' Salmond. 90 hour* from
Combx." :;. • ". ' '•" ¦' •_¦.•.:;¦'.¦ ¦¦»¦-:¦;¦-¦¦"?¦•.'¦¦•''-• ¦¦.'¦.¦:¦¦¦¦¦.
; Jap »tmr Nlopon Maru; ' Allen. 23 days from
Honckong. ria Yokohama 17 days. tla Hono
lulu 5 days 2 hours 21 minutes. .- - : V' : : .- •• •:• ;.:
Bark Martha Davis, ilcAlmoo. 23 days fron»
Honolulu.^ ;-.¦¦:-;.;,-¦¦;•.¦":•:.;• .-..- •?-•¦ .-, .;¦.-¦¦=¦•-' .. y .-.; v •¦-
¦:¦ Schr 'W , : -F Jew«tt, Johnaon; 13 day* from Co
.• ¦¦¦'¦",-.•'•: ;:--3 ¦•::'.•. - ; v.W'ednesdaTi Jaauary. C' '¦
Fr bark Marruerlte Mollno«.VPorcaar; Qu»«a»
town; 1. Kaufman. : .:- -.•.•. i : •¦•¦ •--¦•¦* i .- :'•:,-•¦. ..-. ¦.. -,J
v.::-;'. i : ; v^.-':^.-' ; rt r: '..SAll-E^.-;/-^v.:.^.j^ :^;^- 1
, " " " -Vv-edne.sdajr. January C ;;'.'
' Stmr Whitesboro. .Olse'n.\ Greenwood,' •— ¦ ' •
•' Stmr . Matteawan. Croscup, Tacom*» ' : ¦¦ • ¦¦ - : ;
¦ Stmr Queen. Jeosen. : Victoria;' - - ••: • . ;¦ : .--:.
:,' Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson. San Pedro.. :. V.
Stmr Centennial.' Eagles, Kahulni. ¦¦¦.-. -..- .-'
Tug ' Samson. Stream..: Astoria. •¦ - -. ''¦ •'¦-• ' ¦¦. "
Ship. Spartan. Polite. Seattle.. ¦:. \ -':..
Barge Waukiakunt. Hughes.. Astoria, ta to*
tvs Samson.r -.•'¦¦¦ '-- •.¦•••.:¦-¦•¦•.-¦..¦¦,:.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Raasrasseq, Oo«aUls>
Rlver.. ¦¦„¦¦¦. ¦¦ ;; :-:-- • '• ¦¦-: ~-' ; .-•-¦¦." . --/;
¦ . Schr Marr C, Madsen. Fort Roast'-. , •- : :-' '.
¦ Schr: Gem. Nelson. Coo« Bay; ; - :y/:-'.'S :; : ; ;'
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 11. 10 p m— Waatier
foggy; wind E, velocity 12 miles.. '. - . ¦¦-.."¦ ..
-."-... spoken. .¦¦¦.-'-.• ¦¦:¦¦;;¦¦.'...¦¦.
Per stmr Senator— Jan SO. 30 miles SW eS Fkr.
allon Islands. Br ship Reliance, from Hamburg,
for Saa Francisco. . standing to the' southward.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Jan X— Ship Kenilworth. from Saa
Francisco Ang 22. grounded whu» «nteTlns
Leith. but got oft. without, damage.
TACOMA. Jan 21— Br stmr Goodwin, sailing
from here this mornrns for China, went on tha
beach at Browns Point In a heavy for. Ves
sel struck at hUb tMe and Is now hard and
fast.- Turs have gone to her assistance, ;. . *
VANCOUVER. Jan 31^-Survey by ofncer» of
HRM stmr Egerla show that the rock on which
the- collier Miami was wrecked a few days
ago was charted with perfect accuracy. Ther»
is still some chance of the vessel being saved.
. DOMESTIC 'PORTS, '¦•'.' '¦•;¦
.' SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 31— Stmr Al-Kl. from
Skaruay. ' ¦• ± 'r.-.-j.'*: :':.¦•'. '¦ ¦'¦¦:¦.
PORT TO-WNSEND— Arrived ' Jaa Sl— Jap
stmr Nanyo'Maru, from. Yokohama..' '-.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 31— Schr' En
deavor, from San : Pedro.' ¦¦•¦:¦¦¦' ;,:. %.. .-
PORT LOS ANG ELES— Sailed Jaa, Si-Stair
Mlnepia. for Nahatmov.-. :. f ;. -.-¦ ' v. . ¦-.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan- 21 — Scap '•;'• John -x\
Campbell; for San Francisco. ... '.•.;. ' .. -. ; .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 30— Schr North
,Bend.- for .San- -Francisco;- stmr Ruth, for Saa
Francisco; stmr Newbtirgr, for San Pedrov-.
• Arrived Jan 30-rSchr, Jennie Stella, hence Jaa
it;. schr Mary- E Russ. hence Jan 10. '¦;¦ • .:¦¦'.
¦ EUREKA— Arrived. Jan 31— Stmr North Fork,
hence Jan 30; sohr: Sparrow, hence Jan 28: schr
Serena Thayer. from San '.Pedro, .-•¦••¦' •.-.•'.;.¦.¦¦. .
. Palled' Jan- 21— Stmr Orizaba :and schr S T
Alexander.- for Sai» ; Francisco. ".: ¦¦: -:.-".- •¦..
¦-¦CASPAR—SaiIed Jan 31— Stmr Cleone^'for Saa
Francisco, i - - :• .•'..¦• •¦-..- v•: • • . ¦¦• •
Jaa . 31— Stmr Alca
traz.'for-San Pedro. ••¦'.¦ •.•¦-'••¦•' -,- '
•ALBION — Arrived Jan 31 — Sehr JTewark,
.from -Monterey. • ¦ :. "•• - : ".?'¦• •'. ,• .
;',; ', Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Scotia, for Saa Francis«v
¦ ' COOS . BAY— Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Arcata. for
San Francisco; . ¦ •;'-' .•• • •. ,
•BANDON,. Or— Arrived Jan 31— Schr Volaate
hence- Jan 22U •• '• :. ; - .- ¦¦'.¦-:-•¦
. SAN i I'EDRO-^Arrlved Jan 21— Stmr Luella.
from Eureka, • .- ¦ ¦ ..'.-.
Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Bunol. for Saa Francisco
schr Comet, for Port Gamble. : "
•ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 31— Stmr I*ultoa. hao
Jan 23. .¦-.-•¦¦'• ..,..••
Sailed Jan St-Br ship aackmannaashlre-. for
QueenstowrL '• •
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAlMO— Arrived Jan 31— Br stmr Robert
Adamson. hence Jan 27. ¦' • . ; ..•
CORONEL— Arrived Jan 11— Ger stinr Hathor.
from Flambure. for San rrancisco
LEITH-Arrlved Jan, 30-rSh'p Kenllworth.
hence Aur 22. ¦.:.-.• ¦• ,
Sailed Jan 23-Br ship Heath
bank, for Rio -de- Janeiro, and not for San Fran
cisco. ¦ .. . . ;....-• - • ,
CALCUTTA— RaiIed Jan ' B— Br ship Euphro
syne, for San Francisco.
Exchange and [Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.;^ $4 Ss^
Sterling Exchange, • 5ight: ;:....; ;..-••— ¦¦:"' ' 4 53%
Sterling Cables .....;......— ]¦- ,4 89%
New. \ork Exchange, sight....:.. — ¦'. . : '.--.-15-.-.
New' York Exchange, telegraphic — .-• ¦ ;: -,!'17%
Fine. Silver, per ounce.; ...... — V : -.00%
Mexican Dollars ...; .:..;. ...,:'¦ 4? ¦ ¦ :. 4a%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool and .Paris • were both
lower, the decilne.at the latter market being
pronounced. .: ¦.-.-¦. ' . • .'¦.¦: '. ". : . -. ¦'¦¦,:: '¦•-.
Chicago -was -fooled by;hlKhef quotations from
Liverpool, when they, should .have- been! lower.
Tl.ls Is the second chicanery of this description,
within a year,: .the.'' other belrig:. false ¦' cotton
quotations to. New Orleani". -Good buylni? Ftart
ed, but soon dropped off,' when the mlstake.'-or
y, i.itever . -it ; was. , was discovered, ..The ther
mbmeter dropped to .six detiroes below . sero;
which tended . to' harden wheat., as the. cold
wave was unaccompanied by miow 'to protect
the wheat.'. .'¦..-' ].¦ '¦'..:-¦.' ' ¦¦¦:•'•.¦ .'..-¦:
. Futures wer" weaker here, but spot ¦ prices
showed no further change. , ¦ ¦ .'. ¦ : ..¦.'•¦.-
Spot Wheat— hnipp...*,. 9S*icS{l; milling.
$1 oihqi c 3%. ?.•:•¦ ¦-/. :; :;:'¦-:-¦.
CALL BOARD ¦ SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May— SoOO ctls,
$1 01U: ; 40CO $1 CIS,: 34,000. $1 01. December—
2CfO. $1 0C: 10.O>t, $1 04%: 4QOO. $1.04%.. •.¦:.-;
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls,.. $1 00%; 4000.
$1 00%. December— 4ooo,' il 04%. ... : .-¦ - - : -'
Regular Morning . Session— May— 2Coo ctls,
$1 01: 60(H>.--sl.'olU: 6000, $1<01%.' December— 2ooo.
$100%; 2000; $1 oi%.i ¦¦¦¦.'. ¦¦':¦.¦:-.¦ ¦:<-'- •-¦¦.
Afternoon Session— May-^2OCO ctls, $1 01%. ;¦
. BARLEY— Prices remain undisturbed, .with a
dull market. • .; :.¦'• ¦ '• •';-¦•' '¦ : - ¦'. ¦.;¦ ¦•¦¦"
Feed 75(g77%c for No. 1. and 65^~72%c' f0r off
grades; Brewing and. Shipping grades, So@S7%c;
Chevalier, nominal. ' ¦;' ' : ¦• .' ' ::'.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sesr-ion— 9:l." o'clock— No sales. ; :
Second :Sesston— No. sales.. ¦ . • '-. r
Regular Mbrniwr Scssion-^-No sales. ..' .
Afternoon Session— No Bales.'- : . • .".• -•..-.. .-
OATB— There is a. slightly .better. /demand at
the old quotations. •'¦ - '¦- " :: ¦ '¦ -¦ ..'¦-'- '. .
White. U 10*f I 3*i Red, *1 07%@l 20; Gray.
$1 07Hftl 17%; Black. 97%c®$l 07%. ¦;/.:..¦ ¦:
CORN— Eastern .White Is quoted at 95c®
$i 02% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1??1 05;
mixed, 97%c®$l. ::.¦¦ .' : ; : ", ; ' ¦/..•:.• .- :¦ . ' ¦
RYE— tl«i los per- Ctl. -. ;/.•; :-..v'---. . -
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. i;.V ; : . . .
Flour :and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras/ $3 60^3 75
usual terriiß: bakers' extras, $3 4053 50; Oregon
and Washington; $2 75R3 '.'per barrel. . ¦-...¦
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount 'to the. trade: -.' Graham- Flour/
$3 25 per 100 lbs; : Rye Flour. $2 75; Ilye .Meal.
$2 C 0; Rice-Flour,' $7;- Corn' Menl,'S2 CO::- pat
Groats $4 60; Hominy. $3 25t?S 00: Buckwheat
Flour, $4©4 25; Cracked Wheat- $3 75: Farina.
$4 60- Whole: Wheat Flour. 'l 3 50; Rolled; Oats
(barrels). $6jJ7 25: in sacks. $5 75<§7-; Pearl. Bar
ley. $5; Split Peas.:ss; Green.Peas, $5 60 per.loo
lbs, ••: :----.-" ; : '.' :¦-¦ ¦'••¦ ¦¦ -'-••'- .-/ :^'y. ; .- ""¦¦'¦¦' : -.-..
Hay . and Feedstuff s.
All descriptions are <iuiet and; unchanged.
BRANT-sl4<ais per ,t6r».: ": .. ''.;:;-¦:¦ ' : :'-•' :;' - : ' ""' ¦
MIDDLINGS4SI7<S2O per ton.
¦ FEEDSTUFFS — . Rolled /Barley, '; $14317; per
ton ;• Olieake Meal.M the miilv\s26#27: Jobbing,
$27 50028 •' Cocbariut Cake, $20021! Corn .Meal;
f»3(323 60: Cracked Gorn. $23 51t®24 : Mixed Feed,
$15 50- Cottonseed, Meal. $28 per: ton; . •; -. .: ..•
• HAY— "Wheat , $8 50<a5:.60; for.common to good
and $9 tor choice: Wheat- and Oat; $6 50® 8 50;
Oat. .s6<sB; ; Bariey, ,ts@7;, : A.lfalfa. $6©7 50 per
: STRAW— 2S®SQc; per: bal«; : :';: '; .V;v v ; [ ? .' '-"V- .'.'. ..;.
Beians^diicL;: Seeds.
: There :l?-;: l?-;- no-- further;' advance vlri Beans.'but
thV..maJftet:"-:cpritlnues : r flrm.;; ;¦ .' .: ;•:•" ¦'¦(';';¦¦ ::¦'"¦'
BEANS^Bayos'i. $3 2.^3; »:,; small White, $3 20
©3 35- large Whit*.', 12 90@310r-Pinkj, $2 50®
2 85- Reds; $3 60<Q3 J5: Blackeye, $4 60; Butters,
nominal; Lima;- $5 15@5.;25:,Pea; $3 20@3 40; Red
Kidneys," $3 5Q@4.. . . --. • "¦.,.-, ' •¦¦ '¦¦ ¦; I-.V- ... C .-•- .-.
. SEEDS— Brown Mustard 3i^3%c; YelJow.Mus
tard,•'.4©4%c; Flax. $1, 90®220; 'Canary, 3%c per
lb for- Callfornln and 4e for . Eastern; Alfalfa.
7®Bc: Rape;;- 2%®3c!; Hemp,, 4@4%bJ-.. Timothy;
4^2 4%c ¦'*' ' • ' ' '¦'•-• " '¦-•' -¦ ' ' "•- ''*-'¦ - '¦ --¦----*.' ¦ ¦ "- -
I, DRIED'PEAS— NiIes;.SI6O@I 90; 'arten, $1-76
4f2. 60 per^ctU'-- ;4;' !/:_:¦¦..>¦•¦.:.;¦,¦ - ¦.;¦ \ ¦¦;•¦ .\ ¦¦-'¦¦ y. ¦
7Poiqtoesj lOitioiisiand; ; ; Vegetables i
¦ : . -Ail descriptions .¦.remained, about, [the ' same,
the market- being quiet. ;'.¦: <\ ¦'¦¦ '. .'. ':" .V,;'-. .¦ r ; •
*; POT ATQES-r-Earry- Rose, 9Oc©sl; .'RJver Reds."
COif'Sc": Burßa'nks.-'. -50iff75<i-'VeT sack: ' Oregon
Jiurbahks.-6i)cSsl 10.;..-Sw'eet. Potatoes, -$1 Go@l 85
.for Merced; '.New •Potatoes. -Volunteer,, l@2%c. ¦
ONIONS T^SI 40(fJ-J.75 per ctl for fill kinds
t VEGETABLES— Green .Peas; .2@6e-./per. Ib:
String- Beans; 1 8c: • Cabbage," 40@50c; ', Los An
gel.es Tomatoes.. tWt 50:'. Egg° Plant from 'Los
Angeles. . 10®12%"c: ;Dridd Okra. • 12% c , per, lb;
¦G.arlic..6^7c; Green Pepper-s from- Los Angeles;
4JTsc.for Chile and - : r- for Bell r Dried Peppers,.
NEW YORK. Jan. Sl.'— FLOUR— Receipts. 22,
022 barrels: exports, 31,356 barrels; Bales, 6400
packages. Only moderately: active and at first
weaker, followed by Improvement near the
close with wheat. ': '. .'.--. : -- ; '' ¦ • .'
WHEAT— Receipts, 4000 bushels; exports, 22,
563 bushels; pales. 2,475 bushels: futures, IS,-'
400 bushels. .. Spot— Firm; No. 2 red. 73?ic ele
vator; No. 2 red, 77% c f. o. b. afloat. Options-
Opened .firm, on better cables than expected
from Liverpool.. Subsequently they advanced
on cold weather West, bullish Argontine plague
re;»orts and rumored strength .at London. A
late correction. . however, makinz. London
actually-lower instead of higher, prompted a
collapse in the early afternoon, followed by an
'active rally near the close on covering. Closed
%c to net higher. March closed :75%c; May,
7i 11-16i5 74 11-]« c, closed 74% c; July; 74% c. -
HOPS-Steady. . ¦ ;.¦•-¦.. '-v: ?-'
HIDES— Firm. . ; : . ;:.
LEATHER- Steady. . • . : :
.' .WOOL-^Qulet; . •. •. , ' .¦':'. '
¦•'. COFFEE^-Optlens closed steady at a net gain
of 15 to 25 points. Total sales were 33.600 bags,
including February, >3 85; March. $6 Ss@6 S5:
May. $7@7 15; July, $7 15; September. $7 20®
7 25: October. $7 25; December. $7 30®7 40.: : ..
•Spot coffee — Hlo, firm, held %c: higher; No. 7
invoice. fc»4c bid; No. 7 Jobbings B%e bid: .mild.,
firmer and more active: Cordova. B?i@l2%c. -.'.
•¦ SUGAR— Raw, • strong; hleher :. prices de
manded; fair refining, 4c; centrifugal;.: 96 test.
4?»e. bid; molasses sugar. 3%c bid; refined, .firm
but. Inactive. ; : ; • ¦ .. ¦ . ,'.¦. . .¦:•.¦.¦•
BUTTER— Receipts, 7179 packages; firm. < June
creamery,/ 20® 23c; Western creamery, 21@25c;
factory, 166 18% c. ¦ ....•'••' . ,
. EGGS— Receipts, 8000 packages; firm. .West
ern. 18c loss off; Western ungraded at mark,
14<517%c. ' .:;- "' ••¦ ¦••¦••¦ '•: -"-•¦¦'¦¦ ;.--•¦:.•'•¦ .'•'; - '•:•
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES ruled dull and
racy on light inquiry and considerable pres-
Eure to sell. California dried fruits were mod
erately active and steady. ¦ •:¦-¦ ... ¦ ..
STATE B\'APORATED APPLES— Common.
6S'6%c ;. prime, 6%@6%c; choice, 7ViS'7«4c; fancy,
SHQ*c. ' ¦'. ... .-:-... • '. ' :. ¦- •
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c per
lb, as to size and quality. ¦--... • .•..,...;:¦
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13®15c; Moorpark, 15??lScl
PEACHES-rPeeled. lS^lc; unpeeled, 7%@&c.
Nezv York Metal Market,
NEW YORK.. Jan. ?I.— The metal market was
-Inactive.. .and. a. shad? ( easier in -. tone on tin
whole to-day,' following lees favorable -. cables
from London and dlsappointinß advices from the
West. . Copper nnd tin' showed R^eclal . Irregu
larity,-closing with prices lower... At the close
the. Metal Exchance. called: :'\ . .¦ • ¦ '
PIG IRON— Warrants, dull. . .•'•-.-. -,: .
LAKIC COPpEU-Lower. at $16 25..
¦ .TlN— Quiet and:ea«y, with sellers at $28. . '
. r-LKAD— Unchanged. $4 70@4 75: ........
SPELTER— -r<Julet. $4 70©4 80. •'?-¦-.
.The brokers' ¦ price for lead is $4 45 and for
copper $16 85. '¦'¦'•;¦: V.' :fi ?•: ¦¦:¦:'. ¦¦'.'¦' '¦•',¦''.','¦¦..¦ •-.'.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 31.— CATTLE-rGood to choice
native steers, -'steady;'; others weak;. Texans,
etrcing; cow market and tanners, steady, to
strong; feeders, steady; good to choice, $5 25®
6 30; pocr to. medium,- $4 90©5; mixed: stockers,
$3 25^3 Cs;'. selected feeders, $4 2004 80; good
to choice cowi>. $3 40<g4 50: heifers, $3 25©5: can
nf-r-j, J2 23't(2 95: bulls,. $2 50^4 40; calves, $4 sOo>
4 85: fed Texas beeves; $4ijj 5 20. • . .
HOGS— Active, shade higher; top, $4 E5; good
clearances: .- mixed, and. butchers', . ' $4 55ig4 80;
good to choice heavy, $4 70&4 S5;: rough 'heavy
14 53© 4 «; light; $4 6064 72%; bulk .of sales]
. SHEEP— Steady to shade- lower; top- lambs
$7; native- wethers,'. $4 60@5 25; lambs, $5@7 :
Western wethers, $4 75@5 25; ' Western lambs''
$6^7 90.- ; :¦¦•¦', ¦'- '• .{ . . ' ¦' ¦¦¦¦ -.¦ -• •'..;•;-¦ '
- RecelpU— Cattle, 15,500; hogs, . 29,000; sheen
20,000. ¦. ¦ • :- y.f --. ... .-. . ¦'
Steamer Movements.
B@ioc;- Carrots, So©4oc per sack! Los Angeles
Summer . Squash, $10125 per box; . Marrowfat
'Squash, . $25 , per ton.; ¦•'¦•••.':•¦, •¦..;.. ..'. ; "•¦.
;.'..- '¦:.;>'¦ Poultry and. Gainer ''¦ ; ;- : : ¦' "¦¦ _.- - :
Game Is diili/ the ¦demand-haVinig, f.aiien •off
conßid«rably of :iate."-V. ¦;'.;•.'. • ", : '¦:'..¦ ''','¦ ''•¦"¦¦¦ ¦•'
Poultry Is quiet; but .prices;;are" steady.' "-.The
market is sufficiently but not" excessively cup
piled. "'.¦•'• ¦ ¦ • . •:' :' w
i POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12@13e for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
14©16e; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2: Goslings. $1 10
62; Dvjcks. $4®5 for old and $455 for young;
Hens. $3 GOg.s; Young Roosters,. $4®5; Old
Rooeters. $4(3 i 4-50; Fryers, $4 60; .Broilers, $4
@4 50 for larfre and $303 50 for email; Pigeons,
$1 25©1 50 per dozen for -old and $2 50@3 for
Bquabs. -'':.'• . ..'¦<"
0 GAME— Quail, $1 25@1 50; Mallard. *S@4; Can
va^back, $3^4; SpriKr $2@2 50; Teal. $1250
$1 50; Widgeon. $160(3175; Small Duck. $125®
1 60; Doves, 76c per dozen; -Hare. $1 25<6fl bO,
Rabbits, $1 25@1 76; Gray Geese. $3©3 50: White,
$1 50; Brant, $1 75®2 60;; Honkers. $43 » 60; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 :'s©
1 60. ' .• ; . ' ,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dealers continue to quote all . sorts of prices
for Butter. . The quotations below are close
enough. Some dealers are paying as high as
27% c for dairy. The general expectation Is that
there will be & reaction in a few days, as the
outside trade will be lost unless prices recede.
The North has already ceased to buy here.
Eggs are nezleeted and stocks continue to
Increase. Cheese Is weak, but no lower.
BUTTER— ¦
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 27%029c: sec
onds. 25H27C.
Dairy— Fancy. 25@27c; good to choice. 22%0
24c; cnrr.mcn, 15ti20c. ..-•.¦•-.¦
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old, 10% c:
Young America. 11®11%c; Eastern,
Western, 13H@l5c per lb. : : .
EGGS— Quoted at 16J?lSc for store and 19(320c
per' dozen ¦ for ranch. Eastern— Cold j storage,
H@l6c. -.--.-. . •.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
At the Orange auction three cars sold at $2 20
for fancy Navels, $1 20<J?l 90 for choice Navels,
and $1 Ooi^l 35 fori standards. Some lemons
cold at . $1 25g2. Fresh Mexican Limes havo
arrived. ¦ ". ¦ . . - •. ¦ •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— •
Apples— 3o©6sc per box for common.* 75c«ff$l
for (rood and $1 254J1 75 for choice. • ' .-.
BERRIES-rCape Cod Cranberries, $4©7
per bbl. ' • - .
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50(ff2 25
per box: Secdilng-s, SOcifftl 25: Japanese Man
darins, $I^l 25; Pomelos. iV'ii M: Lemons. $11>
.1 50 for common and $2jf2 50 for Kood to choice:
Mexican Limes. $s®; SO; California Limes. 25®
3jc: Bananas. $1 75tf3 per. bunch; I'lneapples.
$3 sp@4.rcr dozen. -.-¦:."; .• ¦
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4%0 for
40-50's, 4®<Uc for 80-60's, 3%c for 60-70' •. 3%c
for. 70-SO's, 3c for 80-90' sand 2^c for 90-100's;
Apricots.' 11013 c for Royals. 12%® 16c for Moor
parks and 12®14c ffir Blenheims: I'eaehen. 6%t>
6c for Standards. 6VtO.<^4c for choice and 7<jfso
for fancy: Peeled ' Peaches, 10<i; 12V: Kviil«>
rated Apples. «©7c: Sun-dried, 8©5%0 per lb:
Nectarines, B@9c; Pears, 3',4@i%c for dark anil
7@Sc for briKht halves; Bluck Figs, 2tj.2Sc;
White Fljts. 2(23c; Bleached Plums. 8<B»c: Un
bleached Plums; 7@7'.40 for pitted and l%c for
unpitted.- ¦•;- "- 1 - " : -¦ •• '.' -'..-• •'-;.= '¦-•;'-:V'; : ¦ '
¦ RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
Ib, 10c; choice, !<c; standard, 8c: prime, flc;'un
bleached Thompson's, p»r ib.'- 6c ; Sultanas-^
Fancy, per lb, B%c: choice. -7V4(S: standard, 6%c:
prime, sc;'unbleached; 'unbleached Sultanas. 6e; Seedless.
EO-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muncatels.6%c;
3-crown, : . 6%c; ' 4-crown. ;7c: . London .'Layers,
2*-crown.' $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. ' .' . :' : ..-•'• . ' ¦•.'.•¦..
V- NliTS— Chestnuts. Stfl9c: ' Walnuts, S(ff9c for
rtandajds and 9@loc for sbftshell; ¦ Almonds,
ll^fflic for paper-shell. 9®loc for soft and 4©
5c for. hardshell: Peanuts;. E«i?f6^ic for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts. 7%Ssc;. Fil
berts. 12(5 1 12% c; Pecans, ll(JJ13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
©5. -.".¦-•--. .:':.-¦ •. ¦-¦» - -..-,•: -; ¦ ¦¦;¦ :-v,.-,
HONEY— Comb. HH@l2c for bright and 10%®
lie for licht umber:. ¦¦ water white
7?ic; light amber extracted. 7%@7%c; dark. C%^
6c 'rier-.lb. '¦' .¦' ¦ -. ' ' ¦'. ¦••. • '¦ '•¦•¦.-:-¦. ' : -
; BEESWAX— 24©26c i>er lb, v ':•••.-. .:-.-. ¦:.''
¦ • •' :\ Provisions. ¦;..• ¦'. " \ ;
CURED \ MEATS— Bacon, 9<4c per lb for
heavy.V 10c for light medium, lie for light. 12c
fbr.extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; East
ern "-: suKiar-ciired •¦¦ Hams.:' 12S13%c:' .'• California
Ilarnn. npmlnaU -Mess Beef,: $12 ¦ per ¦ bbl; • extra
Mess, $13: Famtly, $14; extra. Prime Pork, $14 50.;
extra dear, $17;. Mesß, $16; smoked .Beeef, lie
per lb. -:"j-v- ; - ;i .:'.'.-.-r.: •.¦¦--.;•:-¦. '.•'¦.. •¦¦•'-.
: LARD— rTlerces quoted at 6%@7c per lb for
compound and Sc for pure; half-barrels, .-pure.
B%c; 10-lb- tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c. •; : . -V ..
COTTOLENE--Tierce». 77408% c. per lb;. 10-lb
tins. 9«ic -¦;•:•;.; '¦;¦ ¦ ;:: \ ¦. :>;;¦ ...:.¦; .•-.¦' : ;;::
: Hides, T allow,: Wool and Hops,
HIDES AND SKINS^-Culls and brands sell
abptit.:. lc : -. under quotations. Heavy, salted
steers; Il%{?l2c: medium, lie; light, 10% c; Cpw
hldeSi lO^fillc: Starrs. 7c: Salted Kip. lie; Calf,
lie: Pry Hides, sound.' 19®20c: culls and brands.
17@18c: Dry. Kip and Veal. 17® J 8c; Dry Calf; 19
Q2oc: Sheepskins, yearlings. " IO'SSOc each; -short
Wool; ?jft 6oc each;. medium. 7fi<fi9<?e: long .Wool.'
3CcJ7sl 20 each; Hors»» Hides,- t2 &OQ3 foriirge
and $1 25W2 for small: Colts, 25#50c. \• . : .
¦TALLOW— No; 1 rendered, 5©5% c per lb; NO;':
2, 4«i4Vic;- refined, 6%c;.; grease, 2%@3p.': ¦• ¦•:*: .
WOOL— ¦ vr .'' :.-¦:•..- ... ¦.:¦¦.:¦ :'.;.¦--¦*- -.r ¦¦ •-¦ .-'
Fall clip. San Joaquin. plains. 9JtlOc: South
ern;-. B<&'lQe: Middle County. . Ilifl3c; Humboldt
and Mendocino,/17if 20c: Eastern Oregon; 13@16e;
Valley.-- Oregon, ; lS©2oc: • Northern ;.. Mountain,
free, ilij/l 4c ; Northern Mountain, . defective, 10®
lie per lb: v.: -••¦?.¦ . . ; .. > :.-;'¦ ¦¦: '.-: "•"-,'• ; ¦:'.':' .
HOl'S— 7©llc per lb. ". ••'.•: - -• . . .; .. ,-
•:¦' :^^^jflnc^q^^^^^^o^]tei^i
.'¦.BEEF--6>i@6%c.per lb for fair to choice. ¦..'.¦'.
•VnAL^SSlOcper ,Ib. : ¦:¦..¦;'.•¦ ¦'* ;J7 i;-. ; >; '\--. '-.?}'¦
MUTTON-- Wethers; SS:SHC: : ewes, 7i4@Sc per
DoundJ ; •: : . '-."•'¦..-: •'¦..••'¦-¦'¦' : . :""•¦•!'':.-": ""•¦•!'':.-". •'.••.•''•• "¦ -
; LAMB— Spring, :15c; yearlings. B@9c per lb. .
¦ PORK— Live HbgsvEftc for small, :s%(gs*ic for
medium and s©sV4c for large; -stock-- Hogs and
feeders, 6@5%c: dreSsediHogs, 7fiB%c ¦>;.'¦ t .'.-:"'.'.
"'};¦: General Merchandise. ••••.'. / :
BAQS^-San Quentln Bags/, $5 65; . CTalcutta
Grain Bags; 7®7Uc; Wool Bass,. 28©30 c. :-. .'¦.'"
COAL--WelHngton, *S per ton ; New .Welling
ton. *S: Southfield Wellington. $7. SQ; Seattle.
$7;. Bryanti $7; Coos Bay, 15 50; Wallsend,'- »S;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Scotch; — — : Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 CO in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite. Egg, $13: Catinel, »ll per
ton; Coke, $15 I>er ton In bulk and $.17 In sacks.
¦ SUGAU^-The : Western- Sugar Rertning Com
pany quotes; terms- net cash.' ln-100-lb bats:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed,. sHc; Vovr^
dered, 6?ic; Caudy ; Granulated, sVlc; Dry Gran
ulated, '5%c; Confectioners' A, 6%c; •' Magnolia
A, 4*ic; Extra C. 4%c; Golden C. 4%c; barrels,
1- 16 c more; half-barrels, - : Me more; boxes, %c
more;- fiO-lti bass, %c. more. No orders . taken
for less than -75 barrels ot .'• its. equivalent.
DOmlnos, half-barrels, 6T4c: boxes, 6%c per Ib.
LUCOL.:IS higher --at 61c for; raw and 63c
for boiled In barrels. ' Cases, tc more. .'. '
;•;; Receipts of : :
FOR TVEDN ES DAY. JA NU ART IV
Flour, qreks ... 11,504 Hajf.tons .....".:.
Wheat.'- Ctls ....; 4.010 Straw. ' tons :'.¦.:.. .;.- 21
Barley. ctls-..: : ..' 1,490 Hops, bales ........ - : 23
Oats, ctls ........ 260^ Eggs, doz ..,.....;10.116
Butter. -ctls ...... • 233 Quicksilver; flsks . ' 22S
Cheese, ctts . .-.'. i . 195 Wine, gals ....... 36. 200
Tallow^!, ctls :',-..-.; '.-. 223 Leather, rolls ......103
Wool, bags. w..:: : 14 Hides, no ;. 33S
Beans, eks ....... 1.948 Pelts, bdls ....... 7.140
Potatoes, ¦ sks j... 1,052 Lime, bb'.s ..,...; 273
Bran."s ka .;..;... 510]Chlcory. bbls .... 10
Middlings, sks ... 6101 •;• , •.;.'¦;.•: ..
Silver and Exchange firmer.
Wheat futures lower. t Other grains dull.
Hay and Feedstuff s quiet and unchanged.
Xo further advance in Beans. . - •
Potatoes and Vegetables quiet.
Butter continues high and unsettled. Cheese zveak. .. .
Eggs accumulating and neglected,
Poultry quiet and steady. Game slow and weak.
Oranges -steady <at the 'auction. -Fresh Mexican Limes arrived.
Provisions wurhanged and firm.
Local bank clearings increased materially in January.
Moderate trading in local securities.
Charters,
The Shenandoah . loads ; merchandis* -f or Br4
»er. -.'; :' ¦/:..: iS/: \".:: :'¦¦ l^'l'V- . ?. V>i.":"i:-'v '.'.y.':' ¦'-.
The Victorious loads lumber, at Chemalnus
ar.d ' merchandise and livestock at this port for
yiil and Australia, . .-¦-; ¦-:;v:;-"/'.-;-i;.'.'-/\. i; :- : ;;' ::~ ; Yi''~~
Bank. Clearings,
: - -'.l^kaJL ?bank.vc!e.ar:!ng« jln.. ; January.'. were-.Js3.v
€15. 145. agalpst J67.132.551.in January. 1899; This
is'- a "fine JBhowJng for the .first month of : the
j-ear, ¦;.¦.:•• : - : v-.--- _:.->.v}'.:V '•:¦¦ : ('^y^:y'?^- :^ : . :
Produce? Exchange Sales*
. ¦ ' Pro&iee. 'fixchaisg* call sales In January were
120.-7CO tons' -whsat. and 3500. tons. barley; making
total :iale« for the first seven months cf: the
.<crop year of SC?,000 t«ns wheat and 130,000 tons
tariey. --';.V.- : '' - '.'"¦ 7 : - : ' : '' •'••-'-'¦>• ¦'•¦¦¦'¦''.•'':. -.'.'. : -\r. ¦'~ : --.:~' '¦-'¦ :-\: -\
V "yjanuary Coinage. ¦¦ .'.'¦ ¦ "¦" ¦ J ;
The coinage \of th« ;'lpcal^ Mint tor -January
¦was bm follows: ¦'.%- ..¦:¦:'¦.¦:*¦'*"<..?¦¦'•;'-'":'¦¦ r- ."-¦•"•¦ ..'. •_• .'
J>ouble eagles .-.:„;•.;.>.^ 4 -.. i.;,-«; i '..^....«. 460.000
Xa F :e« \v.:..i.:.-v.,:.::w.v.;^:^:.;i:.^.«V '810.000
Jlajf eagles •v::-..-i;.'..:;.'. i . i .'..''.i-;..V..'i.'i..- 195.W0
Jlalf ' dollar* .......;..^'..i'.i f '.i ; ..i,'.'.*. .>.;.- 108. 161
o>:tnes .:...;........'i^'. i -^.:-....:...U;.^;;.-.:---28 i -000
Total.: ;.^.:.i:U-.:i:,-.^;"i;, k .:^...13.c0i.i6i
Condition qf^ihe- Railroads.
Henrr ciewe* : . New. .Tork'rtrCTiisir. says
"AmpriranrailroaiSs have -passed, through the
r^rgarilzation-: period; v.'.the ... water;: has.- been
thorourhly eliminated from ;the^ large majority;
honesty and efficiency jirevaij: in --their .man
agement to a larger degree, thaji ever, 'and' they,
ere now conducted with •a\ more reasonable
regard Jor I'ublic welfare .than, was ;: the -case
In the j>aM.- '¦¦.Shippers >t.ill have ferieyaJiC|eiß;
tut fair treatra«r.t is certainly .eesler : to pro
cure now. than', ten •' years ::'ago; . Stability, and
c-guality of -.rates : are; -becoming recognized as
among the vcssentialsV.of Vjrood railroad man-,
apenjent ; the result being that public hostility
to railroads 'V Is '- diminishing In proportion as
they deal fairly with .tht "-public. So long, as
the rallraads'deal eotillabjy with the .public
there will .»« little reason ;to fear hostile lsgi#
laticn, and- the nhipptr : -'heed have, small tear
of the" -urejsent ioncrntratlon of management
provided. he tae-cure* fair and -stable rates. .-;' AM
•of these facts Btrengthen railroads as Invest
ments. : -At present th^ railroads • are/experi
encing the '.benefit -of :the. country-* prosperity.
According.: to the i'tronicle 11» roads in The
twelve donths cf Itii and Z$ roads in .eleven
months .earned tLJIO.O&o.yOO. an • Increase, of
tm.SOO.OeO. or about 10 per cer.t over the -pre
v4ou» .year .-•.'¦ These are stur>endouB figures, ; but
If the .comparisons w^re mad* with :».« or U:-i
they would-.be : still, more astonishing. :C They:
mean'. 1 thai. :.the" p.c*t . important : Industry: -in
the -country, haa been transferred ; from :.a . con-;
•dHiotj 1 of-: uncertainty.- two or three. • yeiars.Jagb
to; one'efi«3undness and Btreogth.':* '.¦:¦;':•¦ -: ¦''.
Weather ßeport.
(ir^th Meridian-rPaclflc Time;) .^ >V;
•..'.SAN FRANCISCO. ]¦ Jan. 31. 5 p. ra.
' . The -f ollbwi'nr ¦ ere. the;. the ; seasonal raJnf atls =to
<ftat* '-•*«•- "-coiaparedv'.'.'w-ifh- those -of . sajne date
:lfc«t eeason;'aii.d ; rainfalls in. last 24 hours:'.;) V-'
. ¦ ¦' ' :-. ¦ '¦'¦;. '¦'¦.¦ '[c-/--s " '•" ¦'•¦¦¦'Last .-.-.'••This' ¦ I'Last ¦-;¦: '•
¦¦"¦ '- StaUbss-^'. -¦.v.;X---v:;:24. v . ;X---v:;: 24 hours.' season. , season;
Eureka >. : :;,;j^...^..;.. O,iio 2S,SO V- ¦'•::;.'-'.:'17.-T7-
H*d B:-jrr ..„,,.;. .....:w-o.o» : '; : . i4.89>. l^: 13;i2
HacraiTier.to.'. :.¦.-.........„ 0.00 ;¦¦.:¦ "13.67 '.; V -7.85
6nn FraJicisco,-'.-..-....-.... -iTrace-V -14.47 ,>.'- '7.67
¦F-r«sno:---Vi;;vV;:-,'Vi:,-,'V'-r VP-Oa ! -' '¦'."¦. 6. U;'.:V..- : t3.«4'
. Inaeiieisaence" ;li;:^.'.V;: : ; ¦:fi.Oob'"'. ; .i>.oB'iv/""'-i;15'
¦6a]Q'.'Luis 0bt8pp .....'..;;.- :0.00; "¦ ";¦ -\'-U..41 :^--':' : -i 6:-87
Los\A;.s«":es;.^;.;..:;.;i: .e.oo :¦;••¦, ::4v57- ; -;---' : i,H
«an '-l>iir Z o- S/, : ,:::-.:,:.^..< OM:[. : - :'i.ti:- .;.'V3;.'45
¦. T.uma/::'.:.:;:."v. : .i>'»'. ¦>;.•;¦:.•;-; :': ©.zoo- /•;.- :^-0.j66 >¦;.•; ;-,i:J3 ;
.¦. ¦ '¦ Sar, Franclsi-p data— Maximum, temperature,
.H; •¦minimuir Jl-:*s{-:niß!«n.V.4B,J 1 -:*5{-:niB!«n.V.48, .' : y :¦]... ;"."."/!-' v ¦-•".." -!-Jx = ' ; ": :.-. '•'
¦RXATIIER - AND i GENERAL
rORECAST
The pressure ::sii:s -continoes high V over the
country west .of the: Rocky Mountains:' , Dur
ing the r a*t *4 ...hours there' has ..b>en . a ; flight
rls» : biunjr' the"c<sa»t oif -CaMfornia.": r •.'.•."..: :'•":•': .V
'.The '.XJ-rr.^rAf liri-B -have remained, nearly >ta
-tlbcarj- ever MLhe : country '. west : of the vßocky
Wc-urtLalns.^'/. ••":^- •••--.¦ "¦-•¦••.•;-¦•,;.••.-•; •..¦; 4 .cf.-'. -..v.-'-i"- " '•¦•-'.:•
¦ V.Tiile-,-' :X6k- v.eilJ'K": continues ' in the '.vsjl^y's -'.of
Cer.t.rAi and ;-North<rh 'Calif ornia.
<-on<llt ic a lias b^«>n :unusuaJly:.tHsr» ; istent, -. Cony
.diUons areVii.ct) -.tha.t aetorm will.proba.My- de
1 A-e'l«j(, on ;.; tire;, pbrth. : • Pacific .Coast : wi thtn- -the
..to^*i % ;24'.hbursy. .'¦¦,¦•;'¦¦¦•¦.'.•¦.¦¦.• .:.,"¦¦ •->'..;\-v : -^.-: ?-.:.-. •:,.-¦" ;..•'. -..;¦.•
-v'-;Fw-ci*t ¦•ma4.e^'at--.Ban' iTVancl»c<» for 30 hours
•n>!!r,K -midnight .- Febniarj' 1,: : 1?00:. «;";--/V .- ¦'.¦•- ¦ •-,:
¦.': Norti^ern . Vaiif ort-.Ja— Cloudy'. Thursday. ; prbb ;
*bls'.riin'*rcim.':'SaA' Francisco narthward Thurs-
i Cay.; nWrbt-': along the .cb'ut : f Jfsh foutheasterly
vi-n*ls>"".- ¦¦ ¦-.v- - .---.-/-.' : --i'-. ¦"<-'. -..;;••¦"•_' -^¦¦¦¦¦~:- ;::J\:^--
: '., Southern' ; :Cal.ifornta^-Ivair :( .Thurfdayr'-' with
I!rttfi : fro!=ts. Thursday inorning in the valleys;
:iiEhtyn^rthpr!y.wift<; g ; ¦•....-..' - .-- -~- '.-,.-- '"•-•.--¦; ;-.
:.. Neya-da— Fair, Thursdajri '/=¦•' " I'- '¦¦'/_ ¦;..¦¦.-¦.' ¦''' : \- ; ;
-t'tati— Far Tiiursdcy.-. ¦:-.'-r.-/--:; '.y"r ;- ~'~ -...:,.-; ><:
' .'.Artr«na— Ka!r--.Thursday-:lirht. frostt In the
. mor;nirr. ' ; v- ; - : -.-j-. ¦'<'.:. -:.;. '.¦ ¦'':.¦• ¦'•: -. - : . v ..-;
¦"¦Pan. -franrJsco" *nd'-' Vicihlty-HCloudy- Thurs-
Aa*.-.rirvbab n .y : irgln by x4ght; fresh . southea«t
:erTy--'w.!nCs;' :^v ¦":^---ys:-v ; :: : -- ; >?¦•.='. v:- "•; ¦?
¦¦i.-:\U.;y '¦;;.:;,: VALCT ANDER O- ilcATn&. : ':'¦¦¦
•¦¦'•.¦.¦:-:•* :-:':-.;::' Official; £
Continued on Pa^e Hevea
. •'? [.Notice to' Mariners.
ALCATBAZ' FOG .BELL, CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that the fog bell at
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February. - 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Articles— ¦ '. '.: =¦• Open. High: . Low.' Close
' Wheat No. >- • '• /. : . : 'y - ¦ '
January.-;..-.;...;.,.;.',65v4 ¦•'63T4 -65H'- :65v4: 65v4
May '.;.¦„¦;.. V,"i • 68 : . ; 68H . .- «7V4 •¦•' ¦ fe'l
jniy ¦;;,.; . : . :.-... . .....•; tB% -, : esvi \ - esw " ¦' «%
Corn No; 3— v ..." •..•¦:'•::*.¦,•.. ¦•.: .
January .-.-... ¦.•,...;-•.• 10% ;'-'.30%- •'•.JO^. ;• so«i
May .;....v,;...-:.,,.;.; 32\ ;.*•&-... s^-'v^v
July ..;.......;..-..'.. -83H : -.S3V, .-BSVt -¦ 832
¦oats No. -2— .•;¦¦.¦•" • •¦ • .; -::¦ -^
May .... ..»..:..,..... 23% 23%: 23H? '23«
July 22H 22% • . 22H : ' 22H
Mess Pork per barrel— - '• ¦ .-• ¦_ n
May .:...-.;. :.;;-.V.10 67H 10 70 : 10 62V4 '10 67\«
•July.., 10 72% 10 75' 10 70. • : 10 72U
' Lard, ocr .100 poundu— " ¦¦.-.- - . ?; . . . '*,
May ?....,'.....;... 5 87 H 6 92%, 6 86 . \ 6*, ¦:.
July ...i.Vs:.:, 685 c 600 .• 6. 82% . 6 97«
Short Rlbsi; per 100 pounds^ •..-.. . ¦-:¦:¦
.May ,-.- .'..' 670 ..i-6 75 • *-67%: -6 75--
Ju1y. ..—,... ...;::. 6 77% 6 77% , " 5.72%-;6 77.%
Cash quotations were/aii .follows^-. Flour
steady: "No. 2 red: wheat. 69®69>4c;- No". '2 corn'
31V4c; No.' 2 oatft, 22%«i23c; No.. 2 white,' 25^©
25% c: No. 3 white. 25® 25»ic; No.-' 2 - rj^e. -62£5.
64c: No. 2 barley. 37V4i?420: No. 1 flaxseeu/U.^
prime timothy- seed, 52 45; mess pork, "per bbl,'
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO -1.-S AIL.
CHICAGO. Jan. Ili— The coldness of the
weather' over unprotected wheat fields and the
fact '.that • Liverpool did nof show much loss
in! comparison '. with the • slump ' here yesterday,
together "wlth'.a'. report-that Italy had declared
a' quarantine' against Argentine vessels were
early considerations in. the wheat' pit; -May
opening- 3i!SHc. over yesterday at 65%.ig'68«4c. ;
On :a..bit. of ¦ profit-taking. May . eased off- to
67% c,.'•, .'• where a. .. reaction ' was caused -by 'an
erroneous .report that* .London: showed a good
advance.. . Thfs report influenced . sufficient
covering .by nervous shprts to send May. to
CSHC; .. When the falsity of this news was dis
covered.' the market -declined, .May.. . to tVAc
The Paria- decline was a factor lft- the weak
neesi Later a- report .that the export inquiry
had Improved- caused a reaction, -May ascend
tng to -6&% Ci closing on: a firm. market U>S%c
over -.yesterday at. 6SSW;c./^^ Trade- was . -'brisk
during: the latter_part of. the session. ¦! ¦' .:•¦..'.
'.Freer country offerings and the good weather
for ¦ movement were weakening Incidents in a
dull- corn ' market. May closed ' Ho- lower : at
22H®32%c. :'¦¦'..• •. .- .:¦•'."•..•;:•;••..¦¦•..••
'• The. oats market was- dull and' easy. In Byra
pathy-. with corn.. May..' closed a shade down
at ' 23Uc ¦ ... -X .¦¦¦'¦ >. . ' :-.-> -'.•.•.-..,..:¦
¦ The. provision market; save for a -period "of
easiness ' actuated by -toe temporary decline: in
wheat, was • firm, though', rather quiet. May
pork .closed 5c ever yesterday ;• -May lard"2>Ae
up and May ribs 6R7%c higher. - • . •.= -.. r.-
The -leading futures ranged as- follows: " ¦.¦¦'¦
TO ARRIVE.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY t
Boston Wool Market.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Foreign Futures.
mMMMy^iOKTHE; MARKETS.
Boston & Albany.. 24o
Boston Elevated... S8 •
Boston A Maine... l 97
C B & Q 12» T 4
Fltchburg prefd ..122
Gen Elec prefd. ...135
Fed Steel 63
do prefd 74
Mcx Cent 11%
Mich Tel 100
Old Colony 202
Old Dominion ...... 17H
Rubber SS
Union Pacific .;.... 4C%
I'nlon'Land ...... 2H
West- End ........ »2%
(Alloue* Mln Co ... 2%
[Atlantic 25
Boston & M0nt.... .265 '
Butte & 805t0n.... 49£
Calumet & Hec1a..738
Centennial 16
Franklin 14
Humboldt .;•••••••• l
Osacola. 69
Parrot .............. 42H
Santa Fe Copper.. S ¦
Tamarack .».;.. ...178
Wlnona 3ft
Wolverines .46
Utah ............... 25
Nezv }York Money- Market.
. NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— Money on call easy at
2% per cent. : Prime mercantile paper, 4®5 per
cent. Sterling exchange heavy, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87%®4 87% for
demand and at U 54f14 84Vi for sixty days.
Posted rates. J4 85 and $4 8834 SSV4- Commer
cial bills. »4 52%®4 83%. Silver certificates,
rjtH<36o«c: Bar silver. COHc. Mexican dollars,
47V»c. Government bonds Irregular; State bonds
weak; railroad bond* irregular. ..
Condition of the Treasury.
Jan. 21.— To-day* ¦ itatement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, mi.596,550; gold reserve,
*217. 781,899. •_______. ¦:..•¦ .•¦' •
London Markets.
- NET TORK, Jan. 31.— The Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here were cheerful :but quiet all day.
A number of encouraging rumors were current,
including one far-fetched report, of a victory
for General Mcthuen and another that General
Buller had recrossed the. Tueela. All of these
were .unconfirmed Consols were up % point.
The Contango eased to l'/i. Americans wero
ttrm/ London bought the coalers on the ad
vancing prices in New York, and the close was
cheerful at the top. Transactions, however,
were small. The bank lost £77,000 gold to In
dia and £45,000 for an unstated destination,
tuppojed to be also for India. It bought £13.
(XKi in Scandinavian coin. The week's net out
flow was £14^,000. ¦ ' .¦¦:.' ¦..' ..
• Sliver changed hands at ' 27* id on good India
buying. Money rates were unchanged, but bills
were firmer and fixtures were in demand lor
the end of the month. . . ;¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦' . •.
CLOSING.
'¦¦ Canadian Pacific. ¦ STVi; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 77W ; Northern- Pacific preferred; i6>4;
Atchlson. 20Vj: Grand Trunk. 7%; Anaconda,
SS 1 -*; bar silver steady, 27 11-14 d; closed firm at
."^d per ounce. '•-.¦¦ ¦¦¦¦;. ¦ . .\, '¦¦• ¦ ¦•.•¦:.
On the Produce Exchange to-Say the butter
market was' steady: creamery,' 19@54c; dairy,
18«?22c; cheese, steady. 12f 13c; eggs, llrni; freeh,
i6!&isV4c. ¦¦,";¦••, •;',- ••••; .¦ : • '.¦-¦:'.
19 30® 10 60; lard, per 100 lbs, to 65@5 77H; short
ribs sides (loose) *5 55@5 85; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), s^4@6c; short clear sides (boxed),
fS 75@5 86; whisky, distillers' finished goods., per
p.l, U 23H: sugars, cut loaf, unchanged; granu
lated, .unchanged. • '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,: FEBKTJAKY 1, liiOO.
Alcatra* Light Station, California, has t«CVI
removed to the new structure, about 140 te^
to the northward and 12 feet higher than the
old location, and from this date the bell win
be struck as usual during thick or foggy
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast. 1599." page 14. No.
£5 and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast. 1300." page 20. ¦ • .'...•¦"•.¦
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
. • .• U. SEBREE.
Commander. U.-S. N.. Inspector Twelfth Light
hou»« District. - -• . •.'¦-• • • • . . ." ¦-¦
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
ArticUe— - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, . barrels .98.000 '82,000
Wheat, bushels 49.000 . 26,000
Corn, bushels c . 606,00* 157,000
Oats, bushels 330.000-.„ - 214.000
Rye. bushels 2.«K) ' fi.OOO
Barley, bushels ..;.. 95.000. 17,000
¦: •¦¦Time Ball.r-i:-:f.V,.\l
Branch Hydrojrraphlc Office, U. S, N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, . San Francisco, Cal..
/January '•«, 1900. ¦ ;:»y „'¦••¦_;
The time ball on the tower of the" new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day -
1 c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at j
?' c !^.^ m - ?^^ *c^; CALKIS3.
Lieutenant Commander. U.- S. N.. In charg*.
•' '¦ f V LIVERPOOL." -
Wheat— .'."•"¦ . Mar. May.
Opening .........;.....;..;....... 5 10% • 6 10*
Cloeln.; ...............,/.;.; • 6 1014 6 10
' .'- -.PARIS..' ' -..
Wheat . : Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening ....•.........,.;.....;.. 19 90 20 60
Closing ........,.:.............. 19 90 .... 20 45
- Flour— :¦•¦••¦.. ' • -. . • ¦_
Opening ¦¦¦'•'.•..'.¦.;*; 25 60 ¦ 26 75 ¦
United States Coast and Geodetic Purvey-
Times and Heights of High and L..-.V
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sa^
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ,••.•¦¦;¦,-:
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide l« the same at both places.
Sun rises.... ...,.?: Ii
Sun sets •••• ....5.33
Moon sets 7. Si p. m.
NOTE— In the abovw exposition of the tides
th« early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tide* of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column elves the second tide of
the day, the third. time column the third tide
and the last or rleht hand column: gives the
last tide of the day. except when there ar» but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundL&n on, th»
United State* Coast Survey chart*. «teept
when a minus sign (— ) precede til* height,
and then the number glen ts subtract**! from
the depth given by the charts. .The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower isrw waters.
New York Grain and Produce.
BOSTON, Jan. 31.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will cay to-morrow:
Several of tho large consumers of Wool have
been tn the market during the past week and
they have purchased about all the medium and
low Wools, especially quarter-bloods, which
they oould get at a reasonable price, especially
fleeces. As a result of the almost unprecedent
ed demand for such Wools stocks of that grade
in this market must be reduced to a pretty
low point, but there are foreign Wools of the
same grade on the way to this country which
will fill up the gap. and it is needless to say
that there are more obtainable, as outside of
the United States supplies of such W ools are
plentiful. :Fine Wools are firm but quiet.
Prices generally are steady and as high as
they have been at any time and the prevail
ing feeling in the trade is one of contldence ana
strength. Holders of Wool will not concede
and consumers have to pay full prices when
they purchase. . ¦ ¦ '¦
The sales of the week In Boston amounted to
4,204.000 pounds domestic and JM.OOO pounds for
eign, making a total of 4.454.000, pounds, against
a total of 5,120,000 pounds for the previous week
and a total of 4.666,000 pounds for the corre
sponding week last year. The sales since Jan
uary 1 amount to 17,609,G00 pounds., against 17.-
Sts3.ooo pounds for the corresponding time last
year. ¦• . .¦•'¦¦¦ ."¦'¦ '• .'•" '. -.;;•.
'¦¦':.' Portland's Business. : ;/. /
PORTLAND. Or./ Jan. 31-^-Ciearlngs, *242.
655; balances, $44.044. ? • . •
. ..;• Northern Wheat Market. . ¦
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 31.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 63c; Valley. ..'62@.52Hc; Bluestem, s4c.
The total wheat shipments from Northwest
ports from July 1. 1599. to February 1. 1900.
amounted to 11.555.763 bushels. Of this amount
8.245,048 bushels were shipped from Portland
and 3.613.715 bushels from Puget Sound. For
the tame period last year the total shipments
from the Northwest were 17.736,036 bushels. . .
-' . '_ 1 WASHINGTON. • -~
.; TACOMA. Wash;, Jan. ". 31.— WHEAT-Club,
51c ; Bluestem, 53c. ¦¦:'.'¦'.'¦ .~: : ':'-:-'-' ¦'¦'''¦ .' : . :¦ .'•¦:•''
-.' : Foreign Markets. ¦: *'
LONDON, Jan. Vat^-Pon»pl8. : .:'i00?4:; stiver,
27 11-16 d; French rentes. KOf 75c:. wheat car
goes off coast, nothing- doing; cargoes on pas
sage, more offering; English country markets;
firmer.' ¦¦=,":¦'-"'¦ ¦ . •¦:.'•••¦. .; : ¦¦•. .•"¦...
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 31— Wheat, easy: wheat
In Paris, dull; flour in; Paris, weak;, French
country markets, weak. ' . '.--.' • ¦. .'. ¦; ' ¦• ,¦¦
COTTON— Uplands. iHd. '. '¦ ¦ .' ; ' : ¦.: •; , \~ •¦• •
:' •.¦../.•. .' •. .-' CLOSING. 1 : ;v---;; v ---; ..¦• '¦ ¦¦¦'." v.- :
WHEAT— Spot— No. 2 red Western winter.
easy. 5s HV4d; No. .1 Northern: spriiisf, • easy,
6sid. • ¦ . ¦ ; ¦¦¦• :.-• ¦•-¦¦ - ¦..-.. - . . . ;.
CORN— Spot— American -mixed new; firm, 3s
6%d; American mixed old. ftrrti. -3s 7d. • • Fu
tures — Quiet: February.. 3s 6Hd; March, 3s 6Hd;
May,: 3s 6%d. . ¦ . ¦¦:¦ '¦ • ¦•.'•... ".v •.•/"¦
8
Su. MfrTJu T^ W Fr. sa.
xl _ii; CliZ ill • • :*: * ?^ *••¦• '•' : ' ; :'- ¦¦''¦•"'^
••;4-:5 5.8--.1,. 8, .U ¦•¦¦¦¦:.;.••¦•..¦• ¦•••¦•
*-« T^r «r^ .— — isit: ~i i^.; /Cs\ rnll Jlpon,-
11 12. i»; .11.• 15 -18 17: viz February U.-
US" :.iO; ;.2o; ,21; ;w.--;».. 2*' '" !.'. .l.':. '.'¦'''" .';•;¦
25 Iwl 2;-[.,2S • ¦¦. . • •'.\ff La»t .Qu»rlei
1 J:_J_£:Ljl February 22.
D Tlma Time
» Ft. Ft. -
? H W L W ]
TT.. . 0:45 5.J 8:04 1.9
1 ... l:W t.6 8:57 1.1
5 ... 1:58 5.8 7:54 I,S
4 ... »:JS 5.8 8:50 1.1
B ... 1:19 5.7 9:59 0.9
6 4:08 6.T 11:13 0.7
1 .. 6:01 5.7 12:!S 0.4
Time!
H Wj
12:10 "
¦1:08
¦•»:W
1:09
4:10
S:l5
8:22
Ft.il
jL
5.7J
8.4!
4.9
4.5
4.0
«.7t 1
1.7! 1
Mine'
! 1
m
8:Ji;
7:08!
7:5 l!
8:«O
9:W J
10:2Sl
U:4O !
o
j
2
2
S
fc'teamer.
From.
Dae.
Walla Walla... I Victoria 4 Pu*et Sound Feb. " lv
Orizaba. ....... jH.umh01dt. ................ Fetfc If
Mackinaw ..;... (5eatt1e.... .....i.., .......... Feb. 1/
Cooi Bay...i..;tNewpdrt...... Feb. 1
Arcata ....... :,rCoo« 8ay............. Feb. 3
South Portland. [Oyster Harb0r........— Feb. S
Crescent Clty....jCreseent City........ Feb. 3
Washtenaw ?;. C0m0x..;....«.........-~ Feb. S
E: Thomson...;!Oy*te-r Harbor Feb. »
Fan Pedro ..(Humbpldt Feb. Z
Tltanla .........VNanalmo.. FeU. . t
Tellu* ¦..........(Oyster Harb0r........... Feb. *
Columbia ...... Port!and.,«..—... Feb. 4
Corona ........ .'Pan JXeg0.. .......... — ;. Feb. 4
North F0rk..... Humb01dt...... ..«.....;... Feb. 4
Aloha . .......... ICre^cent City.. ........... F^b. ?
Progreso .......jTac0ma...................1Feb. 4
Lady Jotcey....'Chlna and Japan.. .......jFeb. a
Bonita .-••; ..^Newpdrt;.. •"•" E*s' 5
r^ias Nelson... Pujret 50und... ...... .....'Feb. «
Vmatllla ..I Victoria & Pu»;*t Sound' Feb. «
R.Adam»0n....|Nana1m0. .............. ...|Feb. 6
CJty or Para... iPanama..-,... ' S*^" '¦,
Samoa .......... Humboldt. -|Feb. 7
Polnl Arena. ..! Fotnt Arena... ........... iFeb..»
Pomona ........'; San- Diego .....|Feb. 8
State of Cal . . . ¦ ; P0rt1ar.d ... . . .......:..;..: Feb. 0
Steamer. I Destination. ' I ; '; ¦; I
Sails.,.-: I Pier.;
_^_____ — : —
i ___ __ s
Doric . . : . v.Chtna&Tapjtn Feb.
COqulllo Rv,Grays Harbor.Feb.
Pomona .... San Diego.. .;.;^Feb.
State of Cal Portland. :..V l *>b.
Samoa ;.«^.jHumboldt,.;..[Feb.
Orizaba ¦ < ¦*. [Humboldt.v.... [Feb.:
Pt. Arena. I Point Arena,: I Feb.
Arcata ..*.-] Ccos Bay.. i.,:; l Feb.;
Coob Bayv.^Newport.; ,..-.,jFeb,
Walla. /Wall Vie & PBt Sd. Feb.
Corona i....fSan Dlepro .;,:,.> Feb.:
Aberdeen : : ! Portland . . , : . .;. Feb;
Homer ...... jOreron Porta,[Feb.
North Fork ; Humboldt. i ... Feb.
Columbia t . {Portland. ..>:- I Feb.
Curacad;... Mexico....:.,. [Feb.
Australia ...{Honolulu... ...[Feb.
Bo nit a ; . . . -. . jSan Pedro-. .... [Feb.
Volumnla ..1Eur0pe...........Feb.. .lEurope. . ...... ...Feb.
City Sydney ' Panama.... >¦¦ i Feb.
. 1, Ipm PMS.v
...'l.-1 pml-Pler IV
. 2. 11 umlhecU:
.. 2. li>amPter 2»
. 2. l»ainSP!erl3
3.: 2 pmPier ».'
.> 3. :2 pm Pter 2 V
, J. 4pm;Pl«r 13
, :¦"[*. -'.". » am, Pier U
? 6. 10 am»Pter J j
«. 11 amlpier 11 1
. '¦'¦¦%, 5pmr........
. 6. Uam Pier 2)
7. 9am Pier I
7. lOamjPter 24 :
7. lOamiPler 11
:\ 7, 10 am|Pler .7
8. »»m,PI<T U
; 8. ",... -j. ,..:;..•-
3. 12 m;PMS3
D Tlma Time
» Ft. Ft. -
? H W L W ]
TT.. . 0:45 5.J 8:04 1.9
1 ... l:W t.6 8:57 1.1
5 ... 1:58 5.8 7:54 I,S
4 ... »:JS 5.8 8:50 1.1
B ... 1:19 5.7 9:59 0.9
6 4:08 6.T 11:13 0.7
1 .. 6:01 5.7 12:!S 0.4
Time!
H Wj
12:10 "
¦1:08
¦•»:W
1:09
4:10
S:l5
8:22
Ft.il
jL
5.7J
8.4!
4.9
4.5
4.0
«.7t 1
1.7! 1
Mine'
! 1
m
8:Ji;
7:08!
7:5 l!
8:«O
9:W J
10:2Sl
U:4O !
o
j
2
2
S
fc'teamer.
From.
Dae.
Walla Walla... I Victoria 4 Pu*et Sound Feb. " lv
Orizaba. ....... jH.umh01dt. ................ Fetfc If
Mackinaw ..;... (5eatt1e.... .....i.., .......... Feb. 1/
Cooi Bay...i..;tNewpdrt...... Feb. 1
Arcata ....... :,rCoo« 8ay............. Feb. 3
South Portland. [Oyster Harb0r........— Feb. S
Crescent Clty....jCreseent City........ Feb. 3
Washtenaw ?;. C0m0x..;....«.........-~ Feb. S
E: Thomson...;!Oy*te-r Harbor Feb. »
Fan Pedro ..(Humbpldt Feb. Z
Tltanla .........VNanalmo.. FeU. . t
Tellu* ¦..........(Oyster Harb0r........... Feb. *
Columbia ...... Port!and.,«..—... Feb. 4
Corona ........ .'Pan JXeg0.. .......... — ;. Feb. 4
North F0rk..... Humb01dt...... ..«.....;... Feb. 4
Aloha . .......... ICre^cent City.. ........... F^b. ?
Progreso .......jTac0ma...................1Feb. 4
Lady Jotcey....'Chlna and Japan.. .......jFeb. a
Bonita .-••; ..^Newpdrt;.. •"•" E*s' 5
r^ias Nelson... Pujret 50und... ...... .....'Feb. «
Vmatllla ..I Victoria & Pu»;*t Sound' Feb. «
R.Adam»0n....|Nana1m0. .............. ...|Feb. 6
CJty or Para... iPanama..-,... ' S*^" '¦,
Samoa .......... Humboldt. -|Feb. 7
Polnl Arena. ..! Fotnt Arena... ........... iFeb..»
Pomona ........'; San- Diego .....|Feb. 8
State of Cal . . . ¦ ; P0rt1ar.d ... . . .......:..;..: Feb. 0
Steamer. I Destination. ' I ; '; ¦; I
Sails.,.-: I Pier.;
_^_____ — : —
i ___ __ s
Doric . . : . v.Chtna&Tapjtn Feb.
COqulllo Rv,Grays Harbor.Feb.
Pomona .... San Diego.. .;.;^Feb.
State of Cal Portland. :..V l *>b.
Samoa ;.«^.jHumboldt,.;..[Feb.
Orizaba ¦ < ¦*. [Humboldt.v.... [Feb.:
Pt. Arena. I Point Arena,: I Feb.
Arcata ..*.-] Ccos Bay.. i.,:; l Feb.;
Coob Bayv.^Newport.; ,..-.,jFeb,
Walla. /Wall Vie & PBt Sd. Feb.
Corona i....fSan Dlepro .;,:,.> Feb.:
Aberdeen : : ! Portland . . , : . .;. Feb;
Homer ...... jOreron Porta,[Feb.
North Fork ; Humboldt. i ... Feb.
Columbia t . {Portland. ..>:- I Feb.
Curacad;... Mexico....:.,. [Feb.
Australia ...{Honolulu... ...[Feb.
Bo nit a ; . . . -. . jSan Pedro-. .... [Feb.
Volumnla ..1Eur0pe...........Feb.. .lEurope. . ...... ...Feb.
City Sydney ' Panama.... >¦¦ i Feb.
. 1, Ipm PMS.v
...'l.-1 pml-Pler IV
. 2. 11 umlhecU:
.. 2. li>amPter 2»
. 2. l»ainSP!erl3
3.: 2 pmPier ».'
.> 3. :2 pm Pter 2 V
, J. 4pm;Pl«r 13
, :¦"[*. -'.". » am, Pier U
? 6. 10 am»Pter J j
«. 11 amlpier 11 1
. '¦'¦¦%, 5pmr........
. 6. Uam Pier 2)
7. 9am Pier I
7. lOamjPter 24 :
7. lOamiPler 11
:\ 7, 10 am|Pler .7
8. »»m,PI<T U
; 8. ",... -j. ,..:;..•-
3. 12 m;PMS3
Su. MfrTJu T^ W Fr. sa.
xl _ii; CliZ ill • • :*: * ?^ *••¦• '•' : ' ; :'- ¦¦''¦•"'^
••;4-:5 5.8--.1,. 8, .U ¦•¦¦¦¦:.;.••¦•..¦• ¦•••¦•
*-« T^r «r^ .— — isit: ~i i^.; /Cs\ rnll Jlpon,-
11 12. i»; .11.• 15 -18 17: viz February U.-
US" :.iO; ;.2o; ,21; ;w.--;».. 2*' '" !.'. .l.':. '.'¦'''" .';•;¦
25 Iwl 2;-[.,2S • ¦¦. . • •'.\ff La»t .Qu»rlei
1 J:_J_£:Ljl February 22.CAPTAIN HARDY MISSING.
His Friends Believe He Has. Met
With Foul Play.
: .V •.. Oakland, Office San Francisco Call,
.:V- • "'.'¦¦; "": SOB Broadway, Jan: 3L
Captain Charles Hardy of the steam
ship Celia has . mysteriously disappeared.
Some/.pf his friends hold the theory that
he has met with foul play.. Others be
lieve that he fell. Into the estuary * while
trying -to board ¦ his vessel last Friday
night, since which time all trace of him
has been lost. .
On Friday night Hardy had been drink-
Ing quite heavily In Thomas' saloon, near
the foot of Broadway. He left the place
in company with Manuel White and Rob
ert Bellscoe and boasted loudly of having
OTIS J.^rVDAMS;
/BERKELEY. Jan/; .SIH^QJ is/^A darns; the
18-yearrbidi boy who was? hurt in- j.urhplng
from the/fiputhern }Pacl ric>lpcai.l&.st/nl&ht,
diediat/ noon to-day : as:/the.;re.sult. v bf;:hls:
injuries. These" were /not ; at . first thought
\ ; ery^ serious,: /but/;^developmf'nts-/ to-day,
showpd/that he/had / sufterc'd//severe:iri^ ;
ternal /phock,/.. and ;¦ near, /ndqn : he /bepan
sinking rapidly/ anil' dld/nbt/rkllyv ;ih *pite
of the efforts of the attending/physicians;
. "'- Exarninatlbh / bf'the pcono of ; the -iiec>
dent tbrday showed /that the young mani
irispringlng from the: train: at- Haste street
as ÜBual.had struck a pile of debris that
had;:'Uinknpwn ; to vhlm, been dumped
beside the track since the: previous night.
Jib did not recover ' Sufficiently, to give any
account of the accident /Deputy. Coroner
Strelghtif, took charge bt the. /body^^ pend
ing ¦¦•;-the : - : inquests v, ',¦;•:?;.¦ ••.:¦.-¦'¦ ./ ; ;i\. X-
MISS LULU DANIELLS'
DEBUT AS A VOCALIST
MISS LULU DANIELLS.
. /AIiAM^DA^ /:- : Jan;'?; : 2l!-.The ::llniWrian ¦
church^was cirpw^d this evening wi th: iho
f rlen:di3>bf; : Ml^s ; Lulu/ Danlellß,;- ;who;maLde :
/her ;flrst' appearance in public as a^^/voeal-.
Ist. l/The muslcaje was under the direbtibn
: bt;EJ. PJ Crandall, . whose pupil ; t)an
iell»»;:iH.;::/:Asirlstlng:/^ere ;,Aits3:/;Floreri^' :
Sharon; of Oakland, vocalist, andMlss
¦.Ella-;Grhyos, i)ianis.t.and .accbitipanist;/'^". .V
/Danlells; :sing/>«evln'sv::"ThV^Ros^/
/ar^;";-vl^iszt's />lignori:- ;; ;sonp; ; : ''Knowst
:TJiou .' the .Land ?" Moir's "The golden
:/llaryest,^'and Xprria": "There, Little dirl;;
; Dem'* '•- Cry; 1 ' The selections received Te-f
::p<?ated . Applause; :::.MiS»- vDaHiells Oi;is a
; rich -cofttnjiltb.ypjce and it is predictiMi
;that ; '6he.:wlll;scpre::a: proiifjumcil hih-cc.«s/
; Bhe: I%. \ne'\ :-onl.y;-: daughter;^QfiMri/andMrs/
T. : -.0v .: Daniel l3,;thf) former -, t he; 1 eflltbr ¦'•' of
theiAiarrieda. Arpru?..;, ¦¦;¦• : ;.;¦.-. . . ; . ¦¦¦:¦;; r "- '-.••'
: ;-:Eight.Kbngs,f roni; the bean tlful set "Ell-:
lant, '': by . Vbn Fielitz; were;:rehdered. by
•;Mrr/' Crandall. •• -Miss •¦ Sharon : : gave ? -two
Eranz -/songs and : /Chad iwl'ck's- 1 :• "Th«
Danzai" ,":Altss GrraVes- playe<i. :.tWo' : piano
solos; & : . nocturne of Chopin and . the Stac*
/cato- Caprice of Vbgrich;-: • v ..— •': "¦:
LAVENDER
BEATEN BY
TERRONETTE
Game Little Greyhb^d^^rks
Her Way Into the Final
Round.
; .stakes ; were;/ decided/ at Union
Goursihg; Park /yesterday/ > the.. favorites
being 'v-b^at'^n hi, the- nrial.bf- /each: /.The
cdntenderß/in the^, puppy. /stake," final left.
over :f rprh: ; Suriday/: were;/ Judge ¦ ; p. ..¦'. J;
Boney; Boy./ Kbyal -Union /was :a /strong/
favorite at' odds /of 3/ to i. . .The course
was' "-a, epiritej- one/and.; was : ''rnarke'd by.
close work oh the.; part/bf/thb; two/young
dbgsl : - Boney Boy won. by a scoreof^ -'7.-tb ; '
5, the kill ; (earning for him the lone: end
of 'the purse.' Rpyai; Union /met ; Royal
Arihe in thp preceding round, .The latter
was". instfUled favorite ¦at 5 tb .1, but lost,
being/beaten oh merit all the way. : : :
/Game. Little L»averider worked her way
through the reserve stake and met Ter
ronette. In ¦'-. the final. Lavender was
favorite at odds of 2 to 1. The braco of
dogs : ranvas If coupled throughbut. The
hare broke repeatedly toward Terronette,
which won by a score of 6to 2. . : ••"•:
There were a number of upsets during
the day; Singleton beat Ben's Babe at
6 for 1; RoyAl Oak beat Nellie Bawn at
7 for 1; Concord beat Bernal Chief. 2 for
1; Lavender beat Rona, 2 for 1, and Wild
Monarch beat Tic Tac, 3 for L Fin Me- i
Cool and; : :\Vhito Fern ran fcr over three
minutes, -.after: which the ; ; former: was
withdrawn.. The- .detailed . results, with
the /official,' scores, /follow: . ; .; . ; ..-. . -..:,;'
"Reserve stake— W. C. Glasxon's .Terrpna beat
Pasha Kennels' Rather Artful, s^-2;. M. J.
'O'NeU's Pat Ketlly, a; bye; Mocorlta. a bye;
E. Casserly's. Lady Blanch b«^t M. B. Kava
naugh's Hard Lines, 6-—0; Pasha' Kennels' May
Hemrjstead beat Bartels Bros.':; Ballroom Belle,
3—l; Curtis- & Son's McKlntey beat J. : Mar
tenet's Bei-nat Boy, 5-^4 ; P.; Doyle's Wild Mon
arch beat J, M. llatton's Tic Tac, 6-^0; J.
Hplden's Scottish Chief beat ¦ Aeneid Kennels'
Athena, 2—l; J. M.. Ilalton's Lavender beat
H.-'H, Gray's Rona, .7-1-5; Curtis & Son's Com
modore beat 'J.: Martenefs , Bill Foster, IS-^2;
J.'.Keenan's Blacklock Erwln & . Lyon's
SJlvej- Wings, fr--3; Lunde & Gerber's Concord '
beat J. Martenet's : Bernal : Chief, ; 14— 10 ; H.
H. Gray's Terronette beat J.. Alloway's Brian
Bpru, fcr-3;: I.: W. /Letcher.'B .Bryan beat I*.
Ueilly'sXExpense, 4-^-0; Curtis & Son' b Echo
beat F;-. Prihg's .Thuhderttolt, s—l; .P.; Reilly'B
Master Mat, 1 ; a bye. Van Knapp: drawn: Pasha
¦Kennels' Hound .About, beat D/ W. Sawyer's
Horiwst Abe, ¦ A—o; W ; Barry's Fin McCpot beat
P. Doyle's White Fern,- 48^13; J. Keenan's
Royal- Oak beat Maher& Reid'*. Nellie Bawn,;
t-^O; : Bartels Bros.' Ben's Babe beat P. Iteilly'a
Jtichmorid. Queen,; 12— 4; J, .R.- Smith's -.Victor,
avbyeVlJannpr. Bearer "drawn; : Maher: &:Reld's
Klngieton beat Bartels ;* Bros.. 1 . Border's iiest,
' fc-lyi. s¦;¦¦}¦'&. Davidson's Said Pasha . beat .A,
:Cohen'B:.;Pot,-->67-i;- -'¦¦;'; -:v. ¦'.¦;-¦ v'-- ..-: "... ';.''¦.¦:/:¦ ¦¦•'•";:;•
..' .Second .roufl'l^-Torror.a /beat Pat Reilly, s^-2;
May'Hempptvad.beat Lady/Blanch, .l6— B;/ Mc-
KlTiley:- beat 'Wild Monarch, ' 22t- 5;/
beat /Scottish". Chief. - 6-^2; .Cpmmodpre. beat
Bldcklqck, >-40; /Terronette beat Cpncprd, : 6—s;
Kchp boat Bryan, S^rß: Master- Mat .beat Round
: Ahrnit,: 6— <>: Koya,l ;.Oa : k-- a.bye, • Fin : McCool
drawn; Ben's : Babe: beat 1 ; Victor, 6— 5; Singleton
:beat;'.Sald \ i'asiha^-'iT-i^ :-¦¦]: -r . ;: - -};/:{¦¦: . :•; ¦
Third Toun'i— 'i'er rona "beat ¦ May -Herhpstead,
3-i-;;: Lavender; beat JleKlnley, 4— 2; Terronette .
bent Cominoiiote, 4-*3:.: Master. Mat': beat: Echo,'
. 3>-H);: Ben's -Babe beat Royal Oak, 4-^2; Slngle
ytpn:-a^bye;---:-: f:'::' : . ¦'.:¦;}'/ ¦:*'¦¦:¦. '¦.'¦ <?-U:£'-'-;}-J; : -:. :•>.
'; .Fourth' round— Its. vender ' -beat : Terrona; 4— l;
Terronette: .beat-: Master Mat, 1 - 3— 2;' Singleton
. beat .Ben's: .Ba.h«S'--..5— :3.-.-:- ;;..-:: ?,-:.: .-.• -..¦¦' :
• Fifth;; round-^-Layerider.-. beat Singleton, ; i^-Z;
.I'errpnette- a- :by*i'- : '•.'" •¦'•¦¦ •"¦: ¦'•:;¦ ¥' : "'¦'¦' "- ; - •••¦ '¦¦¦ ¦¦'¦ ' V-.'i
: ¦¦.Flriai^Terronette beat Lavender, b—2. --. :
'. IWppy: stake.; unfinished from.Hunday,-. fourth
;rbuhd-^P.:J.RelUy'.s; ; Royal: Union:- beat Lande
& Gerber's Rienzi.. 6^2 ; I'asha ¦ Kennels'. Royal
Anne/bPiit.-J,: J. I'-dmrthd's Uo.pp, s— l; ¦P." J;
¦p.ellly's <irafter beat ;'Bartels Bro^l Betsy.. Bar-,
row. :13r : -6;VP. Mc.Cabe's Boney Boy a .bye. --'..
; ' Fifth .' round-^Royal VUnipn : beat ¦¦•'Roy»t--, Anne,
9-r5: Boney . IJoy .. beat ; Grafter,: 4^2.- ••.-..;¦.- . ;
•Final—^Boney Boy beat .Itoyal- Unlon,-..7— 5. ¦ ;.;•
THIS WEEK'S STAKE.
'•':' The s/take i at Union ; Parka rk fbr /Saturday
and- 'Blind/ay /clbsed:: :! with/; eighty-elght, ; - ; e.n^ :
tries.-;; Coursing will rbmrnence upon tho
arrival of : the ¦ 1 /o'clock: train ./Saturday. :
The^draw/r^ultfed iis;: follows:; ;:;¦/¦;//:- ;; :
: Open :-,s.tak'«v4K. -'.'B: ;<)<?; H- I^opcz'.!! ".SariV^vs;-
Captal.n Glaxkson's .Uiackhawk : Pasha .Ken hel.s*.
rtouhd /-About vs<. T, ; Cronin/n Cyrnrp; J. I.;
Thrift* s-.lSrutu'a : vs:. 'George Sharrrian'a i'/Walj: a
Bit; I 'B';Cbmm64qire/^ys.o : lfc:.'liyri6hV
:iJ«nrcia : UgyvPanhaKeiihela' -¦¦Hest'-:.'AB>.ur.ed'-;vs'J :
T;. Trants Lord K'l ward ; -;j.'- McKnrOe's /Magic
Circle- '-.yk.:, 1\ ;J. ; :. Kellly's :Rbyal vlTnlonV/J^R;?
fimlth's Petroriius ,ys.- -E; : vM; : Keliogg'svloVa.
Bdy; Ei'-Mv- -Kellogg^s KJd -.-..-.McCoy: Va. .ltussell,;
AHeri -& ' Wilson's -Daisy CJlalr: -.;CurtJs. . &.y£oi\'v
•rferroiilfe :%•»:. Lande.'^Gerber .» Rlehzl; /Curtis;
VS- Son's Niiroissiisvs;; , I'asha Kennels' //May.
lleirtps'teadl-E.' M..- Ko.llbgg'B Sweet ¦ Kmma .:vs. : .
X :: M. :/Kelloge'« : lowa, :Maiil; I'asha /Kenneis' :
Reannex .vs. X,:P.;Wblt»nK's;St... Anthony; ;F,
¦:A; ¦McCcmb's One ?Sppt .Vs.: -Paßhar.; Kennels*.
Recording Angel : .-/C.iirtis' & •¦•.R6n 1 -«-.-Vulcah 1 -. ; -.vi»';v
Pasha Kernels/, ltolllcklrig Airs;: P. Ji/Reilly-b
; r(ira'fter--;yißV' : Ertt:lft:&;L-y.onB/;-:Sllv.er:-Win'KS';.-'OJrr'
;tl's.-'&. ; /S<>ri'B/ Vanity ;'Kii.ir?-. Vs.-:- Ciirtis'.&; '-.Son's
i Flying' Fox- ¦I>r../I>pnarfl'.s : Mai>ter^Lawrence'
:vf ?:¦ H.-LynchV/Myi-tlc Malil: H.i il. Oray'ii
Rpha vs. , Lande Sr.Gerber^s Mt; Idar J;..Ses-~
cerWon's -¦' (:andetdrla -¦¦: vs:. J.: L.v .Rpss'^. Jessica:;
'.J.; ; Murnnne's WlMwood .vs." X. . ,L.. Taylor's
Beauty Spot:.; B;:;K,/de.B > IvOpez'3. Dairy Matd
\a .iL ¦R. .Smith's -.•Jennie".-: Wilson';-, ILoLynch's;
LeVingiW-Va/'-Ji';; IV; Smlth's\ Victor/; .Queen;
Curtla- &: Son's Cash -vs.- ("urtls&iSon'sKcho;
Erwln--& Lyons' Silver;' Lyon-'.vs; .--A-; :L;.,Leonr'
ard's MaylloWert 11... Lynch rr B •¦ Ixitterer ..vsi ¦ R..
E. ';d>». : B. 'Lopez' 9' Minnie , Wa -Wii ;-. T. J . Crnnin" s
Thorrihlji v^. I. Crpnin's 'Master : Gordon:; -.Ci.'
Watson's Sylvanite: vs. .J..Rv;B:mith-'s.Syiviftnuß;
N • p ¦¦¦Whltihg*'B-'Mlnheoia/.v.i- : il.' : Michalek's
Glen-:"Roj : Itartels nros;'.:Mac.'B : ;Melody:v.Bi : J;
Sheridan's -Forest /KlngrErwlnAr. Lypn's May
Queen -vs. : J. Smith's ; ; Merced; •J.R.- Rmith's-
Victbr vs. ¦ Aeneid .-Kennels'.;,; Aeneas; ,; :Pj ;;;-.' Me-
Cabe' s Honey Boy vs.. ; R; . L. ; .Tayldr* s Mose; J.
Rorinlng's Jierhpsey- La»s vs. \-E;'. D.'.rFalloh's
Al; : M J O-Nell's. W Uellly . vs. ,W.. C; : Gla 8 -:
Bbn's Trrrona ; H: Iyy.nch' a Lot tie M :¦ vs.; Mahef
&: -Reid's Uncle- Fuller;, F. -A.' ;McComb's '.Royal
FJu>h vs. Curtis &., Son's :.McKlnley; T.. ?J..
Cronla's RCBfe of Tralee. v.s.-/R:-,.E,- de B. Lopez's
l?epita: Al Austin' B F4fm Foevs. J.: Morlarlty's
Snapper CJarrison; -M. -.Lonclon'3: Magneto" vs.
Itartels 'Bros. 1 ; Ballroom . Belle; .. Al .Austin's
¦ Ijos? Ahgeiies vs., R. Ez-de-B. Lope^s^Carmen
cita: :J. n. -Smith's. Maglq vs., J;- Sheridan>
Forest' Queen :'¦•:^Aeneid. -KphnelaV. -Athena .; vs.
Pasha -Kennels' SylviailvMaher-A .Reid's. Bad
Boy vp. J' v Holderi's Scottish Chief: "Russell,
Alferi:. &!^v'lison'ff :juUUa,Caejsar..vs., _. : J.^ennla'
/October.- Woodcockv>*/:;/.:;;;-S-j. ;/.;•/ y. .'¦;..¦¦:'.¦', '; -. ;
SAN MATEO PARK
'": San Jtiiite.o .coursing "park XwiH/bb/.-'rei
opened on . Suhd.ay- under ¦ the^rnainagernerit
of. D.Ji:Tobiri.:-,;A4B^dos; 'ptake %ill -be
iilspbsexi'of ibiv that> day. ;.;Th^ draiy\r^
s.ultea :; a^ ; : fbilows:/v>-.'; ,-/"'•-> '/V^i^^:^ •:> : -
¦ '¦JO'Shea'B Golden' Rule vs.; Sterl.&- KhbyrleV
-'Fro«ty'-"-Mbrn;. J. D«an"-».:. ConneniH'ra ys; . J.=
Watklris 1 Gladiator; M. London' 8 Sharkey-. VsV.
O L. Afipleby's Uttle Sißteri'K. G;. ; Patterßpn ris./
Fire .. Quefn '• .va: : Jeft. - Martinet's. . Bill:.. Foster;"
¦P.' Revnoldson'B Dox Dase-vs.VE; H. - Miilcas-
ter's' Ornament: "T.lX)Jrau'9 -.Miss-:. Grizzle-.' vs.".
E' D. Fallon'a.ns. Al; George. Whitney's Thcron
vs. X Dean's • Mlalmo; W. • N.V- Horue'a L«dy
Nofbone f vs. J.: P. Thrift's St. Michael;. T. .J.
Crpnin's Depend on Xle ¦ vs.- J. Keenan's Royal
Oak;E.- Baumeister's Wlnnlnn Ways vs. M.
Dunlea'H'-Ertn ; J. > Watklns' Merciful vs.. Jeff
Martenet's Uernal Chief; Jeff Martinet's B«r
nal Boy vs. J.tWatklns' Merciless: J. O'Shea's
Younu America; vs.. T. Leuderwir* White
Chief; R. Doyle's Garry Owen vs. Gus Aber
crombie's Mies Rabbit: 'J. P. Thrift's Forget
vs. J. Dean's Gallant: P. J. Reilly's PlouKhboy
vs. J. Jones', Gallivant; F. A. McComb's Motto
vs. N.B.Cavanaugh's Hard Lines; Gus Aber
cromble's A'lctor-Klnff • vs. F. -A.. McComb'a
Miss - Skyrocket; E. IH. : Mulcaster's I^ass ;o'
Gowrie's vs. P. McKone's Righy;.T. J^ogan's
l^eah ' vs. Mike Nolan's ; Buckeye: • J. Keenan'a
Blacklock vs. E. Baumeister's Warrior: R. E.
de B. Ixipez & Son's Mike Davy vs. M. Tier
nan's * Mary Ann; - Gus .\ Abercrombie'a"": Rock
Island King vs. L. , Wiggins' Dexter P; T. Sul
livan's. Maid. o". the Hill vs. F. O. Patterson's
Fire Laddie. - ' ;
QUIETLY WEDDED.
Special .bisiDatch-tp'/The Call.
-PACIFIC :; : GROVE; -.Jarii' '3i;-^lrvlrie-/rC
illller.Vbrie of '-the/most:; prpmirtent^busl
ness men of. tliisTtoWn,/ : arid:V;MissVElsio
Chestnut./daußhter of Wr.-.'jand.Mrs^ J[;r/T.
Ghe/stnut of Pacific: Grove, were/ married"
at the tirlde's hprrieat;9a>.m; : to-day; Tht
wedding: was quiet, only relatives of the
bride. and bridegroom being present. .The
ceremony was pfcrforrned' by ReV.i Ho.ba.tt!
::Ma^¦y¦'B-b¦y-¦ther:: :Ma^¦y¦'8-b¦y-¦ther :
Sj6faJ- : After the /wedding -/breakfast: the
newly/married couple \vent,tb : :3an. Eran
cisco,, whence they will: ?v|slt'i -libs ¦ Ah
/geles and Eastern points. \ They will ba
gone about a ; mohth-Vand on their returii
will reside in i'acinc.GrbVe; ••"'. ,s- / ' / ; . . ::':
Want the Big Fight Here.
/Managcf'jJ. D. Glbbs.-of the National
Club; wired. East yesterday, offering 7i>
per/cenf : pf the gross /receipts, with a
guarantee of $20,000 for the Jeffries-Cor
bett championship battled- If secured by
the. club,, the' contest will be -held in Me
chanics' Pavilion. : - .' ¦ '» -
WESTERN HORSES
FIND MOST FAVOR
FOR ARMY WORK
They Are Hardier and
:More Adaptabie* •-
/The/ animals at the ! IRresldlofcondernried
a week/ago by. the/ inspector have?b^h
sold;;//There were othirty-ntne.vhbrsW/ahd:
nine - mules, ; and they/h^pueht/aitpgether:
$1062 06, or an. average of .$24 i4,:s. : aptecei-
They/ .cost va./good/Vdeah : ;mbte^
but some .',-bf 'therh l have, been jn. the,. Goi>
ernmerit service^ for/a/ humbef of years,
;while pthersjar^frdrn /among" thbse^re
cently/purchased to/be/serit tb Manila. '"¦/•
:.:.-;MQst;.of; those, just; purchased ;were sold,
;be.ciusevthey/^cdul<i;jflbt.;-;bejeorno actusr;
tbrhed/'tb..- the climate i-vhe/rei ' It was not
that It is too severe, but the Presidio
la; exposed; to all the .winds that blow
thrpugh ; thja^Goldeh Gatey ; and/ it/ is too/
dairnp/'for.; some- Inland-bred/ horses. -///It
was nptlc'eabl?,- tbo';:;that rnos't of 'the;- new
horses whfch were condemned and sold
were Eastern purchases.
¦ •: lihe/hlstoryjqf-the^ horses .pnrchased /for.
use.: in the/ Philippines..^^hows:/;; that/ th.e - ;
hprses from the Pacitic Coast /have/given ;
iesa;/ trouble/ than- .those purchased /'E^ist./
They -are/ hot "so- liable- to-disternpe'r;:: nor
other ¦ equine evils/of V graver;, nature, ...and
t h ey ; ri eed -'; mo r e:'e :' ca re ;a nd attention ;:than.
their more hardy ¦Western. stable mates.
\\'esterri hprßesare seldbri! slckiaiid they
are fit for duty, from the day after they
arHve; while those frbrn: the East must
be: laid off for a week or ten.: days be
fore ; they are flt; for.. ; troop or. battery
¦ duty^- .-.- ¦•>¦-?--'¦¦¦ \- : - '¦¦ ' : ' ' - ¦.-• ;;^ •¦':«•• ¦-. • s!-^?- -.-!.•¦¦'' /¦'¦.¦¦'.•¦' >-'i'-
On the stock ships the same difference
between; the Eastern; and; the-.; Western
horse is noticeable, only;in:a greater, de
gree. "The Western horse Is a better ani
mal to ship;' lie takes to the sea voyage
with better; grace; he Isless liable: to dis^
temper; in hi» crowded quarters; -he is bet
ter able to withstand the changes of ; tem^
perature, rand; he lands In much/ better
condition than the /Eastern horse. He
seems to be of a less nervous disposition,
and the voyage ana/the strange surround
ings.'have :iess effect upon, him.''.- ;:"..¦.:.•¦.:.-¦
,v in Manila; : -; so far as ; reports go, :the
AVestern horse is showing up ih the same
light. He is better able: to do the work
In the islands than Eastern horses... . ' / :
. The difference in the two horses; is more
than in their temperaments and their abil
ity to withstand sickness and hardships.
An Eastern horse before he nrially: lands
at the Presidio has generally ; cost the
Government from $12a to $150 and often:
even more than $150. He costs more than
the Western horse in the first place, »rid
then it costs several hundred dollars to
get a train load of them out here. The
horses East ; cost from $110 to- $125,- whllts
the Western horse can be got for from
$65 to $80. There Is very little to pay In
freight on the.Western horse, ajidhe ap
pears. to. be a ¦ better purchase in every.
;way.'/ :---V-/-"-'-' •:;•:.;¦;¦- '¦-' /•:¦':/ '• ; -- ¦"-¦';. v~;-j 'c-f ¦-,;':,
According to the army people the best
horses for army purposes- bought on this
coast come ' from \ Oregon. Ttecerj.t /at
tempts to purchase horses in California
show that' the raising of 'horses has prac
tically/ceased, or' at ' least: It : has ceased.
bo far as tho raising of such horses as
the Government wants la concerned and
In such numbers /as the 'Goyerriment is
willing', to buy.- In Oregon;, however,: the
raising of horses of medium grade Is still
being followed. The Oregon horse is de
scended from the wild horses : that used
to overrun the northern plains. His char
acteristics make him /a valuable- animal;
and it Is there the Government Is looking
to keep up its supply for the islands. They
are smaller and lighter and nbt-so gentle,
as ;ihe...-Eastern.'. horses,- .. but /they : are
stronger and vhardler-V and .much more
adaptable tb-\*arylng: conditions: and for
/carrying' weltjht^:;-; -;:/:l.- •::¦/¦¦¦"'/.:; ?.:-.' ¦;. ' '-';¦"•'
NEW FIRE DEPARTMENT
IS FULLY ORGANIZED
Commissioners Name Those. Who Are to
Serve the City Under the Charter •in
Fighting the Dread Destroyer.
**¦ 11 -UK Board r«f Fire V; Commissioners. 1
jl ¦' held a t-peclal m-coting "yesterday ;. :
II .CommisFioiiors/ / Jl^cht* /' ¦ Mahoney, ¦
. <3ra<ly and /President" -Watt /-¦being
preprm: Tho pun»"»f /<->f : the meeting was/
to orgar ize the/ department, /and this ..- ; .w'.as '¦;,
apcoms"i'.isho<i toi'/th^ adoption of the. foi-i
loMir.K resolution;
EtikolVed. That ur.ii'T and l>y virtue. of article
JX r.T !':-.« ( barter of the ctiy and county of; :
Fr«:Vc:>rii, . t!;e ¦ .llrvapl : -ci Fire Commissioners
ctfpmsi it nc^ej'sary to. create and iestabliish. and
il does henby cieate end establish Vfta folhiw-;..
ir.fC c<-.rtuiiDie«-.\ which, hhall count Lt-ute;: the KUc
I^jiartmeiu or this city and: couniy./ahd here- v
ty elfvts nri'l ;ipi«'.ntB .' !h» following -\ hAnied
meniierf of the Fire IVejiartment . to the I't^i-
Tii.rs ati.i rank h«rc:n liic'.feimtc.i -fr-r *«eh; fai'i
•'Ir^tron. and appointment Vcomen effecUye Feb-; ;
riiary 1. Wh), \\z.
.. K-npine O^m^anyilv/lPn-ffltnT^Ca-piatn.'J.-J.':
<."alre«; lieutenam, : E." Gill Ik; engirirer. '-.Thomas".
Kelly.: 'dmer, ;.l»anioJ i-'arren: . ttikfr, .]'>T4'h
li. o BiK!-; ttb&mag:JJ. : 'M«irray.- Th-nwr.;!
C<ne-J?iaji. I>avld M. Caj*Ui.- ftorlcK -¦;. ¦ Tyaon, j
Ausust.Hai.k. r. ,;"; / ' ./ ;'.'; : '. •' ¦ '' -' ; .-''-. j
-.-•' Knp;nf < '; n-.panv r, t«n m^n— Captain;;: Mlrr
• ftcl - -Boden. - licuT< r.ar.t, I'hrl 1 -!' ili- 1 ¦ WarJi en
;*ri-nef>, «"lia-lf»i Murray; drtv/r; J. J?n J."hnf=nn;
'.Vt-.k.-'r. Frar.k Dohrrty ; .h. >. m. n. -- Mtt;i-h> : w : 'Mi>
l>auKhlin. «:harles Si'hvn,t-3. G./W- Uir.aK.t-.
H: t flesUn. WilJ'.amAVandtrltch. '¦'->'¦'}': '-.
linginc ( v miuny. 3, f : f !.t n:-n — Caftuin.Th^mas
Kagnfr; l!»-ut<*nam. \v«.lj<t «'i!ni;> «-uj;nj«-«'r.- i-
J. i jku-ixnn; '!"i\.-t. J'-><-\ h <"..-M't:K.- : f-t"kfr,.
AVilliar.i Il>-rr..*-; )wf mfn," Hrttfamia Currier,
h. -.;!-', •To well;; Myrtle. Y4-hU;- : /- /¦; .-' / : ¦¦:¦.-- /';/ '; V' =
Ci pi'ii- I '->•!•. n-iy ¦! !••". t:i> n-«Taptain. .John
¦VVnV-r/ 11.-.n'.-ruT-. N, N* XlatV..-* 'n: rijptneer,
MU-ha^l 01-cMintll; driver. Maurice Hallihan;
stoker, Edwsr 1 l>r.ti n: h-^-m'-n. HennyDarf,
«-liaiies Uaki:;, I. T-:...ra \ l>cnn*oiy. Edward
lk>»i.<>, F. il. X? psfv. ¦ .¦'¦.-;:;¦¦¦'. v-.r-/;:.:^/
l.ip'.ru C.i:;;..:.% T. it. :•¦:¦ • :,~Cu;-tiim. ; -J. J.
llahoney; Jleatrtiant.'-DiVi.l Harri>nn; engineer,
s'hnmas Cm. t ,n. !lr^ -r .-'-'. j: - M^burK.
t'oker I) F Huckh y: h, M-::.>-n W. \\ . Um
\y,; a' lsasr-s, < ;-; :te 'v.in i:.^n, Robert' Me-;
i^.art»\.- I >j»\e .I>yy... . -.ii-i'v- '.?.'" :¦'.'-''¦¦ .':'¦¦¦ . .-'--:.
I'nflnf ('<'ir."nry ' f. r.'r.c 'rnr-n — Lieutenant.
ChaVies Cui!-i!.' . rr.r.. r. P. H; --Bran.ion-i Ortver, '
Joseph M>l *-r::iiil ;' M -K*r Charlt-s - N>il;. hciee-
; "«niMV i^hn Tna>. K : l*/»ird Diuii'-t, I'atr.K-k >ul
llvia,/Th.)!i.i:s J'ai-ker;>:Jc«t>r.h BalKyi/ J ; : ; ;;
: I,ng'.-ie C.r..T.ar;y "..eight men— Captain. Ar
thur - Welch. I:.-ut«n'a::i; Sanrufl/ E. Kennard; ,
• ng'.nerr M. J- il'sinsuis; ilriver, . Lem Ru
d !ph: t-t' '*.<•;.¦¦ i'i~.ii. A Ht-n; hvaemen,.- Charles '
Mu!l..y,,J M. 1 ;•¦>«=; :'J..V.:i, Mun-hy. '.--.•'=••¦¦ ¦¦-^: ; -' :
Knp!r.ei;,ri-;.ar.y >, eigl.t men— <aptaln, Stephen ;
ttltsxelti !.• r.t> r.ar.t. IV. W. 'Willu; iengineer,
);tw;.r-3 (¦j:.:.'Hn: driver,; M.. J. / Cltnnan;
M K->r. .A. l'a\ Li-; hr.«<-T.< n. "Matthew/Brown,
t ; ;< : -l h/n Balk; iVinif-l' C."Ughlin.' ¦'¦ ¦/.'.' /- ; " '/¦¦/¦ : . -¦¦'.•;•;
Engine Company- *. : nine . men-Captain, ' John
Conrqy: . lieut ciuj nC Daniel ; Kelly ; : ieng;ine«T, C:.
J. i?tr.&use; ;dfi-V-<?r, J: B. Cane; -stoker/ Charles "
t"liv<a«:-..hf.f-:tn-n. . W, D.Conroy. Joseph Ev
l''ii"e, iliouiii WiliW, James Uridgewood.;. '' :• .' :
KTiK'-n* C<imT*isy ¦ 10, ten men^-Captaini George
lia '..!••>•';". lieutenant.- William /Gill; /Engineer,
Thnmsj McElroy; driver;. Jajue.»Cronm:Ftoker.
>"atn -k <» Cor.n>-ll; h^wri, J"hn I^varoni. C.
Ei JO.urßihe'i': "S'aihii'el Edward O' D-onnell.
¦Genrp>; H.-.Ttlbmaa, ¦; -.'•¦'.'.'•¦ ''' ; ".. '.- "; ", : :.- '¦ '/'¦¦¦'¦• .'•¦.;¦
Eiiritie C».:!:j aujv-'-.'-1..'. Fevm '-.. men-^-Captain;
n.aii s -'-PmU!: ; iautenant. Martin Duddy; *n
f.r..;i,V: 11. Ferpusoh; -iriver. Jarfie? Hagan;
e >: K<>r.' '"hri*'trs;i}j«r Wi-ndrow;. hoeemen; -C-.T;
M'-. Ti'Tpan. IV*. t Brady.- .; . . ' .-¦ '¦¦.¦¦".' .' '. ¦¦'¦¦'
i"rr:r.p era; ; any 12, \~n men— <?a[>tain. Jerer
rr.'HS Hu!;;\ an : ; i;-»-Jt- rat:t. Patrick .Henlker;.
•-tit.n^T. Andrew Held; driver. William llent
j KU r.T Frar.k Hpck^r; hflscmtn.': Thomas
j,- •-.. •; <;— .:rv.:ir., Frar.k ca.-ta-sa, Emll Gouvj,
' i'.v.p.ne CooijißVnjrr.^li. '-eight;- meo^eCaptsila.'
I lariii 1 N>»>11 ; iievi'tenanx. ; John /Prendergast: .
- '*i**i\*&c- ;'; Jotin r F; Mv'iualde; driver;. ' .George
". McLaren: . f fker. Th'ir.a* Barry ;., hosemen,
MK-hjMcl ¦". Hjan.rTh .^:at Renr.;'.f. n. Jofcn / ,F.
O' l >nnrtelt'\^-v-" -¦;:¦'.¦ - '- '-•-.:. t--''';V.;V- ; -^i::.v;.: ' ¦•'-¦'.
XrtL-ir** iv-r ir ,y.it; e!ght mf n^-Ce; ta'.n.-Wil-.:
3:r.am J : K.-n»-;U< y • ¦¦p.euler.-ar.l.. ¦ J.-Uin';;.t-sjiwlB:n:; '
?•!isir.-er 1.. 51. Harri; ks; -ir:- er. I>anM Lyons;-;
Ft.Ji^r. ilerrxri -rT,!- -n: n-v?- rr.en.: .Huph.i^w'r
<¦!«. Is- ¦ .'¦*:•:!¦.-::. A. li;.-har&,!h;;.;>-^-^ ;.-.;;
: Engine CVmcarf }•;-.:¦ if. ;.«lght men-captain.
Fred.ri.k WJ.i'.ak»r- l>iitpr:arit.-'.':o'>orgf'"Bro'wnv
mpiserr. A. I:r.!-r>'-; '•Ir'.-ver.-' Frank ¦; L-jrrirtn:
t-tcker,; Timothy :<Vr.rten ; li.:^»^ien, ; : ; James-
K'^-r-a-;. X .' M ••"»:•-. "'. It V.^lsh. .;:-..;,¦,;¦',.-.
ETiijtne Cvrr.i*n,v ifi," eight ¦-" rafn^aptain, C,
.". li. t »n. ¦? L.I--! t»r;i. Jr>- f -i li 11. Hi-ai-.f-'; '-r-.tri
r.<« > '- :.!-ariUfl Hair.»y : . iirl\>r. M.. ;!>-:.¦ Gray;
s!-K'^. i. X- .1 :.'--: !i>-- ¦rr.'-n. ¦'¦Wiil'.inil :M-j':r.-»,: M-j':r.-»,
I'liiriP -Mnr,/->ly^Mic^aer : »^up.&ok ,-;,;. /-:/;S'\\--/"':r : - ; :;
Kngine Comrar:)-.:!?. Vtt-n tut-ri-^-'aptaln,- J-nhn
I'». 'if-ny; >>-u'..-:iir.t. WiULam Nu'^'jison^^n-;
ginger.' William vKerrirari:/ driver;:;: ClaM^
Briwn.w>!lj Vt Mk<r. Frank ; Mr< "'usk^yv hwse
. m^n :-J V<\ Cri<wi>>yv Philip I^r.ehy,.. Joseph
'-' Jiay.ie'n;'- WilHsm Pam-\-er r /^Vil!iam: Murray.. v; -..'.
!- r;S:! i.. < o-n-;'any : J 4 . . s^ven-';.:n!en^-«"ai'tjLin,
AVi'hsm H"!ri-i*-s; lifjirr.aht. Daniel Murpliy;
f-r.Ein«T.: ; -; I >ani-l .M-cLauirhiir. ;/ '-.driv.e'r,;-:. John
t^i ar.r^il ; sf keri Charles Mardonald ; hctsemen,.
J..-P.-.n.einve.r!».'/Thf I m»s'r.'' Ji-me^;\';- : : : .>;'<; : -''-;'.. : £\
rMpi ne ( '"mi .any . 1 !<. : 'ni n« n:en-^Ce ptalh, . H : ; F..
Horn; :li«»utenanli . Jf'hn -.Malhesort;' -\engineer,
1< P.-- -o{<pf rijip-im; driver. V J.u'h-n Little:; ; Ktok.er.
<'harles . Bryar.t r v Ji'tH^rafn,; John ¦/...: McCarthys
WUlian: S,'>c-i.kriaa-n..;\VJliiam Muent-er,:Jame£.P.
Grace. ; v :;¦.¦:•.-¦ ¦; ; ¦ ; jX:ii-., :: \-:.v-'-V-.';'v:;''--:-
Il^"- n sr!^^ jr iU-u^ a^'j.-X T keny l i i \n^
pir.eer., Frar.k Cr^kett; driver.. "Morris Bar
t< tt: : str,kt-r. "James -Tire-ll : : ' John
Gavin. William Mathe><;n. Pat rick Car,tj% -:-..¦:
Kr-gir-f- O-ratany "1. nine .men— Captalfl,^ Jrthn
I"s v; --.- li^ut-enant,-' . James -• Feeney ; . . . engin.eer>
}{f : r!ry;Smith; <!riv*r. Joseph Cully j/.ctokerj^Ji.
liv Fmith; hrmemen^ C-Oiarles ' ... Cochrarj; . ; Jjanfel
< jvmfy. . Jrwiifc 'llodcew'-.- ¦'. 7 ¦•:{;>¦;;/' ':''¦ :•.'*':. '•¦XV; ¦'.¦J. '¦•::
Ene'-n*' Comi'any .a/Hght mefS-^Capta.fn.-.Jehn
Jl '¦¦ -Mltcri'fll; ;ii'-u tenant. "Tlv"iMa.x t;orrrris; ; '.frir,
pir'ftT.'- • F. S. Halli- ¦drivVr. - M. V J,:: O-Con'hor ;
H'-k'pr,' JarriT'<! Strr.Ud^hasemen.'.Jame^.i.VVatsh,'
Ed wprd Mclk-rmt-tt, : Jarne< F'ltzgerald/ ¦;• .. ; .":'¦.: '
r-ipin<» C. :::¦;,.->. r.y ;!, ripht -Tnetj-^— Caf-tain,'
.Tarries Lay 'in; 1-;. -,uv '-r-.^nt, '.-PalViok /Barrs;;.>n> :
K.ri'fr. ihari'f H-w.:;; >!t i\ <-r. J. J.: McCarthy :
• tH-k-er.. - V.'.'.. J./Shffi.lf; ; )v>s»-nli;n. : ; Geprse^Mc;-:
I)onal-d. .Gev>rge.l^w^n;- William .Fi.^rriii: ;.-.'. :-.
Knsin^ <"omp»ny 24. :>even ; ni<*ji-r7Caikain. ;Ed-;
¦ward .«kelly;-lieut^nsi:t i V:i;.ugene..McC:jSrmack;
>r.riri«'r. B . J.; MrSha^e; . .drVver..
O'l'iinnnr; e toker.-. '-.M ithaej .-/'J-.'-j Q'Co.nne7lr-;))oae- :
m*-n.;KrtwariT To'land.- -K«-«1'--J.- Poj-e. ... --.-.:.
Kn'^ir.e : -. .OirrTpany ¦ ;' :",.. -. .ciehx. .'=¦•-,: '.m^n^rap.tiUii;;
JamM • Radfnrd; lieutenant , ;Jarh*-s/; liiley ; •¦?<ei}.-
Ulne^r ./iop»*ph '-v. .Rnn^/drlyer t '...MaiachlV.No.rton;:
Ftrker- . John" Hartford rh'-spnion. ; Henrj- ; ' M cirri-'
pen. ¦ WUllam -S»-ariton. .. P: : \TZ' : Dufca'ni. ¦•:¦ i : J-}: ;: A.;
Eneine/ C«nrpeny. .24.; .seven '-.mcn^^aptaln;-
J. H; ; jv-vw; lieutenant; .-"Alichael •.• : 'Drury; ¦¦:¦*«.-¦-
Eir«-r,-' Patrick HuphMi: * drix>r,:.: Wa'lfr ;Ud :
tott; ¦'-.* toker, r Henryl.- Welch; . hpsemen, . M;
Dougherty, -. J- E...' Owens ; v:i-:';./¦///,'v :i -:';. /¦///, ' ¦-'¦'¦''¦ ; ¦ ; ' :- '.-.-¦
'•¦ EnKiive »'ompan>r v ;2T. ¦'.¦elKh.t./ ! men^-iCaptaln..
Robt-rt H. Sawyer; lieutenant; 'Larrj' O'NeUi
ehißiin'eeri J. T. ::Cano van; driver, John T.
n-.t-\ . !-!.kt r, :\\':. S; (.allattn; hofemcn. ; r.eorte
F.Ha.:i!ipr. : lvtw;'.rd.<"huri.'h, William .Shyori.
. .Knpine r'/<ip.i'a!;y. 2<; nino m-'ii— Captain, John
Maxwell'; ¦ li«H;tonant;, NVilliam .-•: Everso^i: I'i'en-
KTneer.WJ'isei'ii- iyh(li>rßa?t;; -.'driver, J/ F;.:Swee T
neyj.-Kitr.ket'.. .¦^o'h¦rtV^^Ar^ita'^¦:¦.¦;¦hflspn^¦ehi"¦/';.C^iarle(i'
Silegll;z. ! h'.:;v:is Mo(Jiynh. George Clahcejv
.¦W.il'liHm; Si:.;:-!.- ¦¦-¦.:¦:.:.: :.;:-;,..'./ >•' v : ;.-.< <A
.; : ICii^rie < -..iiii.any . 29. ten men— Captain, AVil
liaM i?yn:e; Ueuwnant; :Ti ; J.; .Bean;-.ensri.ne^r,
ilchn Uarry; /driver, Thomas Hart; stoker,
Ivrinis i.'ulnlan ; hosemen, . John Murphy, Wai
h:!'v. Ji:Ti is.i;i, John./ Sweeney, James Flooi;
.Thorhas/;Tituf<//": : .;/;;.;/ ;'; ;;;%:;-.¦- ;.- - : . ¦.-. -.¦.•;•¦..¦¦¦":¦-.¦ ¦ ;;'; ;' ;,.
j;«ir:no •';;. <"nmpany:3o.; eight men-^-Captain.
!?.*; It/ .i^weilj! Jieu.tenant, :AV- :/A. • Co»->k; : en
;t--:ri'-f.r. / MjJtan ;.MorgTiri; driver, John liraphy ;
• tf'k'% I'a-iil I>ornartini ; hosemeji, plward Kel
¦¦¦U-li'T.v'Jjihn/E.nriKht, Charles G. ilaxklnsv;-- ' v. ;.:'
E.neM-C: '¦C-'t;rivpa.Ti;y.;.-.,:5v,;:---V.nine-; \men-^.Oaptaln
Tli. .mat .;< 'ant >-;.-' tieii tenant, JanVes WalsH; eri-
Ci.M^er,,;/W;-.-;UV." Welch; /driver, .. Jbnn Cahlll ;
Kt.ik-er.- John . Kitzslmmofiß; hopemen; :'• J• F.
S.ha'uphiifss-y .•;¦.'¦ J:;...-.ii.-;,.-iii}g'aii,-'-il;'-.'.'-.j. O'Brien,
James/ : '..-,. Matthews. -.;-.:. './.:¦¦/¦',§'>: ¦.-:.';..-.;¦', •"¦.;¦¦.:/•'.;¦-
.-^Erißine .;C < '. m I'any C 2- .-.;¦ seven- ';meh^-<?aptain,
KuKt-ne.O' C-vninn: ; : IU-iit.pnant.; John McCarthy ;
er. r -irfcer..-AV.: S.: Casebolt; -"dr'iytr, John IJlyth.e;
flicker. .. WUll.lm ; Murrhy; hoserrien, : :David jCa
*';>'. /John 'v.-Thvim'f.sbn.!'. ¦ /.-/¦¦ .'v'";---'-.- I . '¦) > '•¦¦ :>""-: ;•;¦¦ '.-.¦
Enisine Company ;. 33; peyeri : meii--Captal(i; R.
T. ; lirowne ; lieutenant; .John ''Cavjlley ; -;-V- engineefi
William lleaney; driver,- Jeremiah MeNaitiara;
¦«>tokfr,.'.'.'l Vtf r Burke;.: hosemen; ; J. ¦ J. ¦ Casserly,
Thorniis-.Johnst>n;.v''-; : . -¦.''.;.•;;/¦//--;¦¦ ::----\ : - ;:/;-.v^-:.,-.^;; :/;-.v^-:.,-.^ ;
Engine :i>.nn>any/. 34. ;• eight meh-^Captalhi
Hienry -Mitchell; / lietueriant, George -Farley ;
-.^r^n>er,.'\ljo.u.l*vWe^l;Vd : rtver.'/!Samuel.vJCelHon'.';:
stoker- James -Buckley rhofemen, Henry /Newr
man. Anthony. Phelan;: William Hantnn
EnKine Company; S5, ten men—Captain. Wil
liam^ Danahy; lieutenant, George, ytylfs; eiigi- :
neer/ : ; E. . H.- / Bn-nnani:. driver. Willlani Tobln ;
stoker. -, James' McGibl>on; hosernen. - James M.
Jland!*y, William Gernandt. XyilliamO'Farrell,
C. Kelleher.:, t>. ; M.-McAullflte.; • - -..;.-;-: / :.: .•-.::-;
-.Engine Company/ :3ft. v. two -men— Engineer;
Joseph ; Mat heivs: /driver, Austin Mogan. './. '-
- Truck Company: 1,. twelve men-HCaptain, : . Eu-
Crowe ;X lieutetvant.- X.'. H. : .Woods; driver,
C,'.C6nneli;..tiU-erman; George.' CareW; truckmen,
Hugh . Quinn. .Daniel/ Donovan. W. /St. A man t.
W.-.F. Tracey.. John J.- Quinn. - Thomas Galla
eher, Joseph; Wolf, i Julius Gitnmel; • .:. •¦.-• •• ;
Truck Company 2. twelve men— Captain. John
Drysr ;' : lieutenant, . John Leahy ; driver. ¦- J. .-, S.
Brant; t'llfrman, .-; Alf reel Florence; truckmen,
Frank i'ummings; Harry Wilson, H.-- E>onna
deau, Rlnaldo -.iruneo, . Frank .¦ Kruse,-. John
CrosJ'yi, il. -T. Heffernan, James Gorwell. ¦ /:¦ • ."
; Truck/Company 3, ¦ ten men--Captaln, William
.¦Pr hultz ; : : lieutenant; Edward . Kehoe; ' driver,
Michael f Hatinan;: tillerman, Joseph-; Hurnett;
truckmen,/ Ernest Cameron. M. Fitrhenry, M.
Hums.; Archie. Jensen^' Wlllikm Frodsham, C.
w Hogpum. •.¦:. - ; -/; ;-.;-. -•.-'.,.:.'.¦ \ ;/...-¦-.-•'; .'-¦ ¦-.'
Truck "Company 4. ten men— Captafn. James
Cuminsky; . lieutenant. T. B.- Kentrell; adrlver,
William ghackleton; tillerman. Frank Carew;
truckmen, • Patrick-; Hogan, ¦ Georse Donald,
George Davi*, Henry O - Neil, J. E. Eckelmann,
\V,--.H. Kelly. • ;/;'/; /;'/- ."'¦¦; '--- ¦¦:¦¦-¦ '¦'. •' ; ---- ¦•¦'¦% '¦:'., ¦¦
¦ Otjrhpany • .5; /nine men— Lieutenant,
Mathew.' Farley: driven, Charles .Mulloy:/.tlller
man.VWill.iam Kerens: truckmen. William ptto,
•T> -J^Uurrlnjftcn, Henry .McMalioh, J. H.-
O'Tirien, T. Tlmmonc;;. E<. F. Murray. //¦';
; Truck .{"omriany 6, nine men^-Captaln.W. E.
Kelly;, lieutenant, ' Joseph firapelle; driver, John
I*. • Hayderi ; ' • -tillerman, ¦ Walter F./ IJpynton ;
¦try'tkm^ii.;/H.;--'''H.-^O.aßeyv-/,Gusti\'e''-.-Haljß;,-.yre«l-
Gn.te/ George V.M.'Boyf on,. James -Fra.nksl / / •
. Truck. Vbmpany.*, ten men— Captain; WUllam
Carfw; .Jieuter.knt. '.AVUHam .Bannbn; : -drty<>r,;
("hurles Thoney;- tllle.rjn;an. Julius : de.. M-eyer;
truckmen; Henry SuiriyanVAViinam -JV O'Con
nor./ Frank- •-, Jrthnsoir, , John - . Pyne,.- Michael
Wfi|rht;- KredorLok/\y.ood.s.- / .*; . ¦ -.''. '-.: .¦' .' ' -.- •-.".-.¦
Trnpk C'lripany S,/ tleyeri/ me.n— l/leuetnant,
.Frank S'joht'>; ¦••;drXvcr;.'::J'iii'.etjh ¦..-Hyan,-'i;ll-l<F''ruian<-
Jn.Bn> l^lrihisatV;- truckmen, (ieorfre T. lv< Rim.
-Henry/;. Mulligan/: Wiiljim rurinlriKhami ..Jokeph
: < 'laricy. • '•: Ja m« ¦? ¦ Dooley , ¦ .- A h'lre w Chesney ; Fred
iiUrr.V->rs< r. '-. Itctvi-rv' Jai'kmah.. • .; .. :¦':-. -'-' •..-.-;..¦-=! -¦',-¦'•
i'hf.fnira.l ','OTr.jiany. .;; 1.-.v I'our m/ri— Cartain.
Mivharl ¦¦'¦ '*'iiii<'n; ". ¦¦li'-'utenajit-, -. Kred:.. Snyers;
driver; Richard All&n fihort-m/an, 'John Fitapat
j-ick;V-r- ./'.^ : :¦;-¦;;.; -. .:.'.--V- /¦ - : ::::'{-\':- ¦:'¦ •.• .";-';. _¦; ¦ -
x'fiernlcai (v^mpariy. 2,\;iY\r*f' m^n— Ijltii tenant,
Wllilarn <:ra« nftl] ; .flri^ ¦.¦(-, Eugene. Crumrtiey;
ho'<< i ni,tn,; Jl.aritln;;> ; r»"!lrrianV;; : : /¦:.;¦¦-¦¦'¦ ; ;.- .-; -.' ¦ .' ¦'.-.
:.t"ii.emlbai:v<"iQrnpany-; .3,- : foiir ' mcn-yCaptaln,
¦TtiorhAS;-'. Murr-Viy;. lieuteriarij,; '¦¦ .Thomas : -':K'e'Hy:.
•Vriyer,: M; . J... Ilieginßr. iios<mah. : /.J.;: F< - : Mea
cha'nvi;>/rv.;v;-: .'.--r.-:;V.,-// - :•'!.!'-"¦ '¦• ¦',¦'¦¦¦":.''''¦ '\\ : ¦'::: '¦:¦: ¦ ''".;--¦'"¦'.-'¦
'¦: Chip m leal Ccrnparjy li ithr^o menV^liieutP riant,
jarne? :H. '¦ -:lirjtt;-. driver,. Thfj.rhas' .-'¦M'cOoy.e'rn';'
tK>-seraah, Edward Kin:r,; : ¦:: -. :.;- ¦\:'X-'-'' : ? : i u /-' : .'-" : '-'-'
(ht-inlr ai (Vnijiarty i. four rri^-n— Captaitfc^Wlls
lram: «»<tUullh". ¦lieu tfiia nt. .1. F. Hf-iiiy; .lriver>
Wiiriatn Nvd.man; h< % tenian, Julius' i'hi.ll!p«,;.' : ¦
I'lien.iti at i \irni\iny '¦'. •>.;' -four .. rhen— Captain;
Jarne« x'onn Iff;., lieu tenafit,; . James /Ijandtlium:
dn.vVr,-'-' William Hart; ; hosemah, •¦;Frank;.Sulli
van. ¦ -'.'[:' ; -."\ .'"'¦. •.-;/¦;-. "¦•-.•v. :: v.-. .t : . : . :¦'.:._ '_¦•'¦¦'.'¦ ¦.-'_.
: <.'h>.'rair>il "t'omfanj-.",. three men-^-iileutenaht,;
G^tiisf '.Kw^hf;' dri^'er; lloTvard.-IIOlmes; hose-;
;matw:John I>evine;- '!¦.¦¦. ", : --;"/. •; .-:-:./-:;/.' '¦'¦:; : .:\i ¦¦":¦<".
.;. Water • T'i\v»-r. I,' two •¦¦¦':. men^r-Captaln. : Peter
'AVraW.y..^dr'lv.er.".;E..'.J*:Vt»hsiij.?hn iesByv''''.'--'.-:-;;i es8yv''''.'--'.- : -;; ?•'¦:"..
v Mpiiitor liaitery 1,- one ma ri— Driver, Nicholat
Ilarbetta. ; ¦' ; . -' ':'¦'¦::. : ¦::;¦ p:. : ' .¦¦ : / ;: .-. : --,';'-.";,v-';- : ,'-- ¦'¦¦.'¦*
-¦¦:• Munitor ; Battery 1. 2, one. ma n-^Driver, Joseph
VValea,-,;.///.. ¦:¦;,-.;;-,. ; : ';^-> ;/¦/-¦-/ .¦.•.;¦¦ :,¦.•>/.¦/. .-.. : ;¦>.-; ;>-,'
/;Ke!ief Enrlne-Ccmpany :1. three/ men— Capr
.talni-Ileirry-Gortor. (d*tailed : as machinist);
;lleute.narit, -D. JLVConhiff- (detailed- as : clerk);
;ht>scman, ; Thomas ; Maldowney (detailed as ap^
erator). '. ;;
: V,.R-el!ef;:;Enc-!.ne ".¦¦:.romri'an'y . 2,'-'';-thre#-v;rn«>n-rr<7apT
taln/li>aaor ;/surm*Ti(lei (detailed /to '"-¦ -harness"
flxop); JlieuTehantKfchn XKjjJe \. UJetaHed ;as;cat- J
j;ient.tH.';:";.h.o?'e/nian, Alexan|ier. Gj^rgev. (detailed
-as : f -J-efVJii;' '"////^ ; /;// :^' : -::^. -¦:•¦' ..'•//¦¦;/;/¦ ; '\\/ :/:. .V
•¦'•.Tlel.ipf Eti-iinH (Vimiian}- 3.: two menj-<;?tptaih.
3&.- j^-.PiJnottr ¦ii.lelaried/ae^l.erk):- /engineer,
¦Joliij K^-nney iiit-tailt-il a.s/niacblhl*t)..; : / -. ¦¦¦¦..¦.
-'¦'¦'. Hydra irvf men— Henry Hice. I'hlllpVlJrady. -.; ¦¦;-. ' •'.
' : \vatciiman./ Cyrporatlpn . V.ard ;Np. : 2-^J. ¦ S.
Farl'-y. .
; Tht»v .\foltowirtß.;\vns niso adopted;;',/; :-^: -^-
.¦¦/Kisrilveo!. : -;.T-h»t>Hn'd.<»r'.4n<i : hy virtue of article
¦fX;of ;fh<» > barter :nf :i i3ils city anil count >•;:- the
J. ari of . Kir*- <'<jmmiFsinners temporarily.- d'-s
'O.'harice,; ; >int.iJ'/ihe'j:/ v -'can';Vi.i*.'/*l^'4Vf'4XtOvjtK^lt>ian.s-'
Jn^he -department; /all ;th.i?^. : mi-mbw: pf ; ; the
;FiTe : :.peparlrhent w ho have not Ix-fn elected; pr,
¦apppilited /to .; prtFitiolls •. arid .rank- /th^relh'.-ty'
reijolutl-pri .this ;,day vafSiipted.; ariil thp: secretary
3*/h;eTebv./dlr^f-;e,l ; t(>./>i.r<-i.arr: aii'J: keeiiVavllst'
¦tA. thcise. .members s<> teniritirarlly discharKed; '•/
Builders' Contracts.
The Floyd Trust (James T. Boyd, W. .T.
Welcker and A. D.' Grlmwood, trustees under
will of Cora Lyons Floyd, deceased) (owners),
with- R.- P. Hurlbut (contractor), architect J.
W.. Dolllver— All work, for. alteration*, additions
arid repairs to a three-story and basement brick
building: on W line of Sannome street, between
Pine and California, 221 Sanaome; fl<3>.
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLESSS^
Meat noted Mineral Springs la United States.
Marvelous cures of Rht-jmatlim, Blood. luv«r.
Kidney. Stomach and other dlsord«r*. Apptjf
FRANK. W. £LV. City Ajent, Ul> Market sU
WINTER RESORT.
¦ The first eight •'; of the foregoing will
play In the first round of the competition
for the council's cup over eighteen holes,
match play, on Saturday. morning at 10
o'clock.. The semi-final round will be
played next Monday, and the final round
next "Wednesday. .The winner will be the
first to have her name and score engraved
on ..the council's cup for ladles, and will
also - win a replica in - miniature of the
trophy.- , ; . :
Iowa Returns.
ja/^^DraoQ.V^»hvi-i^^e;^ijatti(eißhir>'
lowareturnedto San picgb. : a^ Ip. .m.-.tod
ay frorh Magdalena Bay, -whete. she ha»
bc^n .at target pracUce*.;,lt lsTunderstobd
here that Admiral Kami viir transfer his
flag to. the lowa and that the. Philadelphia
will . start to-raorfow or Friday for . Saii;
Francisco to dock at:- MarQ.' Island- and
take on supplies before sailing :for Samoa
with Captain Neville,;- the new -.governor
of the island of Tutulla,- who .is. now -en
route from the Brooklyn navy yard- with,
a detachment of marines. •• .. • , ••;••
Admiral Crowninshield, chief 'of the
Bureau of Na\ig£ftlon, who Is now. here
irr consultation with Admiral Kautz, will
remain ° several days, and , Admiral
Kautz will not go to Samoa with the Phil
adelphia., ¦ ...•..,/..
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
% Ten" ladles entered the. qualifylng.rpundg
council's cup 6f • the • Skn. Golf
Club.' ' : The- rounds. ¦ \vere • !over .elgbteen
>ioles,: medal play. ; The .following scores
¦,/were;hand;ed;{n: - -.'•;¦.•': ." •.':>.•¦-¦-• ¦ ?:.: - : ' •-./
ABVEBTISEMENTS.
Cu^s|BlobtfiPfiisori
A Trial. Treatment Sent Free to All
"Who Suffer From/Any Stage
;is :V. of the Disease. ••:* " :\
Cures Cases That Hot i Springs and
.'-.;¦ .All Other Treatments Failed .
X^ -^v. V . to Even Help., ..V -\'h
," There., haa be«n- discovered by the'Etata
Medical ' Institute, K>3 . Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., the most remarkable Blood Toiaon
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such In*
dlcatluns aa : mucous patches In the ' mouth,
¦ore throat, copper colored - epots, cbancrea,
ulcerations on the body and In'" hundreds O f
cases where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole akin was a mass of boils,
pimples and ulcers this wonderful specific has
completely changed the whole- body .Into a
clean, perfect condition of physical health.
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne brings
scores of sufferers ueekinff this new and marvel-
ous cure and to enable those who cannot travel
to realize what a truly marvelous work the in-
stitute Is accomplishing: they will send free to
every sufferer a free trial treatment no that
every one can cure themselves In the privacy
of their own home." This Is tho only known
cure for Blood Poison. Do n'.t hesitate to
write at onra and the free trial will be sent
sealed In plain package.
ftj -» ory. SI wp! 1 *" <n**a. etc.. canned br ovir-
*g * V work and Indiscntioaa. T»»t» «»•«*»*
C , ami surely reatora Loat VitaiUJ in old
I%"'"T or jouac. and tit a man fcr Btndr. bn»i-
««Nocf k" naaa or pleuanr«. PraTent losaoiur on>i
jff r ¦ (TT> < 1 1 ¦ i |1 1 in II Uk«n in time. Th»ir
otaahowslmmedlat« imprvramant and effecta GDHE
wh«r» nil others fill. Insist opoahaTicßthaßenoinn
Ajax Tablets. They hay« enrod thoaranda »uJ wilt
euro jazu Wa «!»• a potitiTO written enarantee taj ti-
fact a care in each essa or refand th» mane*. Prica
UUGldi ment) for $9.60 by mall, ia plain *r^L«r.
open rec«lp* of prieo. Clrcolarßfreo. _ . _^
A-lAX REMEDY CO., ?%%£*"s?**
For aal* 1b & F. by Lelpnltt tt Co.. No Per-
ctntasa Drus Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. F-. Oakld.
im B ESS 3 /&\ STOPPED FREE
Ba " H \\™ Permanentlj Cured b»
I i *% 03. KLINE'S GREAT
I I $9 NERVE RESTORER
aa "¦ "• So Fiu after 8r»» da/'> »»•.
3 Cbmroltarta*. p>msil ar Itr mail; trratiae ial
" Si TKIAI. lIOTTLK FKF.B
la Tit patient* who pa^enpr****** «lT •» <t»li»«rr.
Prrma*e*t Cure, not oa.j %rmpnnrj r»i i»f. toe »a .V • r.
rnut Ditorttert. EpH'O"*. Spmnnn. •«. V||««* Daaee.
EH-WlitT. rxb»a«ion. DB.R.II.KLI.'VS.U,
931 Arch Street, Philadelphia, tended isn.
»«vJ5G^^^H&-v9I r^n?<ly for uonorri:«\*.
: < 5^®^CCHEb^«Q P'e«t. Spornjatorrh.*^
jfeStF in 1 w>i4ajj.\2l Whites, asnituti! li*
Kfejr Oc»r»nw«J char?c«, or *ay laila-nma.
fINU»J not to serUwra, tion, irritation or v. f ry
!>¦ coauilon. tion o* siacoti! nirn»»
K^lTHtEv't'O CHtwrit Oa branes. Non-aatrinec-at.
j^aEiT^, _ ' "J&PtA t"I- Bipr— is. prepaid, fj*
v *i Cixcai-kt. mm ub nns*C»
A piece of bread that is drjv white arid
very light/ in -. . weight / seems f Z to the"
thoughtful person-like ; sp:/ : .much /foam
or other ./useless; ¦¦ and .;;nbr^npuriShinig
product.///: :-:>•>. - : VvH '•',:y.s'>.'-:':- ; f '.j: "'¦'¦%? }/-. --/ :
I f one rolls a -piece : of '. iridist^- light
bread or ; the interior of .a/ i>i-sc.uit-i'be'r
tween the fingers^ a ball .61
result; with an /appearance: )'pi : :. solidity
that makes one quest ipti how' tfae ; :g4 jr;
trie juicts of ; t^e^.storiiacli^n /'diisb/lve
such a wad. //¦::/;/¦•/^/// '¦¦\':i-':'r--:'.''^\- ; .'y\ : %''. i
It is small wonder • thatV^uch "¦ food
creates havoc in /the way; of.-; fermentav
tion and gas, arid ; consequent -^disorder.
Many dyspeptics -wiirnndv^r^atijjcip.
by leaving . qfT ihc: 'ordinary : .breiaid '-'.cn •
t JTc'y,-- and using/ in -its place . '.CJ.rape-
Nuts, in.which the/ starchy/ and jnitro-
penflus/ibubstamres ; lia yd . been : lhor6ugH-
ly and perfect!}- .. epojeed . at . the : factdry
before, being sent '.out J - > .'/^ ; -f.; : •/;.'¦¦ ;-Z; : '.•.""..•. •.""..•
There iv no posiibilitybf the fobd as-
<uming the form of. wads. oi dough. On
the contrar>'» the food -is. already, prediT
pestcd. die, starch of the .grains has
been changed into grape sugar; : in "the
process of • manufacture^ and •¦passes
quickly and directly into circulation;:' :. ; ;
Grape-Nuts furnish, -tbe - elements
reeded by the system to; -rebuild/ par-
ticularly the soft gray matter:. in .,. the
brain and throughout. the nerve tenters
in the body. This statement will, be
verified by use of the new food. It is
delicious enough c = to recommend itself
upon trial.
. All first-clays grocers sell Grape-Nuts
and the Postum Co. at Battle , Creek,
Mich:, make them,
Pleasant : ; Sbpial/ ait -the Hptae 6f : Mr!, ¦:
v/ : -;/ ; * cand/Mrs^;- J^ ;F^^R6oney.;- : -'; .-';; ¦'
":. '^kiiAN^. ;^Bn.-^i;^Mr;/ and;"Mrg. ' J/
F. Rooney entertained (a- party; Pf frtends-:
at. a- . dinner >ahd; Tnusicsile :¦'.- 6n .; Siatu rday
evening at : - their ;-.'..; • horned •/.j-M7? : :\i'w<?.if!t'tt:
street.-/: / The /hPuse -wai/;heautifWjy.':d^c /
orated /with /chcico -;flowcrs; ; ; and/ srrtjta^
TJie. menu did .credit- to/ % he: ;hbsfess;--'a'^
those preseot- -will/:; testify^ :.The' ; li\icsts
Were: -\V . T. Holling; George: Li. ; liatu t izs r
and .Fraiak AViseman,' of, SanV;Frahcis'eb
and '-12'- Ay, Mais.ori; : M./ I^. ; Schlueter -and
H; ; :IJ. Slppor; ;:pf/Oaklan«,- /:v:;.r, >> • ,-.; ;:¦.>:"
VgWxJgJi&mßGni^w ; h.o- ;is;/a.-niajster.:with : ihe :
violin; delighted, the party -.with: >vjbiin
: solos.i-rid ; T-cnd^re'd;;s.ev«Eal-:e6/m>c--;-«i^ji-gs'V
Slf^ Laulngcr\andv-Mr. v'.llplJlrig" proved
themselves artists' in ,all,/th& latest calce- ;
wajksi .Seyeralyseritimehtal. songs by Air
:\Vitiem^:-\'-tfhd;y..l»ttiTirt'R.V;vr;eGit i aU(bna-V : 'by*'
Messrs;: .. Schlueter . -,and, ¦'¦ Sloper rdded
variety to; the • Miss liulir
Rooney, da.tighter;of.the;host and.hpstvss
officiated ; aa : accompanist^ and also titan*
dered . • sevf ral ••;.: plano : ; -solos'/:. VMesdames
Schlueter. Slopei arid./- Bartells ¦ assisted
the.; hostess, in the -..evening's eriteitain
ment; Altogether the affair ..^i'as-'. a- moat
pleasant •'a.t .Jiome,"-" '•".'¦: _¦•''?-.'-. ; - '¦.:.. . c"..:/ ¦:-. ¦'¦
DINNER AND MUSICALE.
CAST THE ROCK THAT
COST ONE MAN'S LIFE
¦A>T.: p., McCarthy land AY. J.^ Blakely were
arrested abbut:2 o'clock this morning and
placeVl in the tanks at . the City ¦ Prison.
Bbthare. accused of having thrown a ro<sk
which' struck F. Rachau on the head and
later/caused his death. a The story given
by the officers is. to the effect that while
in a : ' flght-.' . one- .of . the ; men cast a rock
which struck Rachau. , producing, j appar
ently, nothing but a scalp wound. . '
•This occurred on January 2. and Rachau
worked for. twenty-three days afterward.
On January 25 he was taken to the French
Hospital- and died, there two days; after-
YACHTSMEN NAME OFFICERS.
Regular Ticket^TTnanimously Elected
at the Annual Meeting of the
Corinthians." . ;/ f _ ; ; > "*
¦ ; :-T-he'^annual i meeting of the -meiribers of
ihef C<3rinthlah? Yacht'Cliib; was; held lai«t
higrit-: lri -Rtd, Men's/ Hall,; .report,; of
the ret trrng / com rnodoro, Carl :. Westerf eld ,
ihbwed ;/ths; /th$ .cl.yb has now more than
itwp :; .hu.n!<it?.^-^' e^l?^' ;^^'''?^-?P®*-*^'--^^. t:
a/chaileneia.ihould/be^
coming seasVn. f or: the perpetual chalienge
«»ifi^iiwW^w.43'3K^?il!*^ Fraricisco. Yacht
Cliib Ji The secretao-'s". report- stated that
there- are ; now .- in.-. the : , Corinthian Club
fifty-three yachts andrlauriches and about,
seventy-five Bmall-' boats. ' The nominees
on the regular /ticket, for the various of
ficers werfr elected unanimously as. fol
'low'f -Commodore, Harry- D. Hawks; vice
commodore.-.iE. F. Sagar: port captain,
John -H. Keefe;. dlrectors.-'the three fore-
going with TM*: Miller; secretary; Charles
L;- IJarrett, • treasurer; W.'-.5.-. Grover : arid
J\ r . O'Brien/ llpmbors of the regatta
comrrilttee^J: /H,:H9PPS,. W. ; A. Stringer
arid E. S. Emmons. ' An- amendment • lim
iting the. membership of the. club, to 250
was lost, as'also was another tp-the effect
that ; the rheasurer should be elected by
the . members: instead of : being (as. is 'the
case. at. pre?eht>: : appointed: by the-direct
iora:'\\-[ ii 'i ¦'£??-¦ ¦;-:•.-••',•' ¦/'¦'¦¦*.'• : ; '*-j ¦¦;'+ S?'-\ ¦':¦/..;¦'.
GRAPE-NUTS.
COURT HOLDS THAT THE
MARRIAGE WAS FORCED
Augustan heddan is now
.?v;. ;^v^/with6ut?.a^^wife: ' •
'':. Judg^:/bpuphf rt.y.;has. annull^d^ the r ¦:nia'r.-.'
rtage; ;of ;Xlraoy ¦ M.jil^yhch, dA^Bhter ipf'th^;
well-known. Chinatown guide, to Augus-*
;tan!/iFirtldari;/bn;; t he;/ grou .nd ¦:. /iha \i_ tlye^de^
: fen.daji;t;.;ha<i '¦< used, f brce/instead/pf/gentie
; wpbSng. : to:g^rt:ih& hand /of/the' rair/Wain- :
tiff^v /VVhth; the ••'/c.a-jKv was .called 1 Grace
to^k^the/Ptan^/and/tpld/ithc; stpry/jneretor
frirp^pXibiish^d; nf/the/ manner vinlWhlch
!{¦ tMan^hi? .mVitbfr/^nd -..- his.-;fathervim^'
I.rirsPned'v'her in •¦t.h^ir /honr* •jit:.'?!.! "J.on'es.
etree't./ arfd .: force:d >her. •: '•¦ to", -marry.;:/. .The;
y/ounjr plaintiff; feaid,;,that ¦.she/ was a good
violinist, arid ;' thut r : ; Reddah'-.' ihtehded-: to
compel h*r. tP play for a:i[ving?-:k--J. : '£-:* : .. ; :
;.Misa Irene : Lynch; plainfifr's.sisti'r; cpr-
' rpborated-: .her,:' : arid '•- 'Mrsi' . Ciara : -/;V.alenti
testified that.'a..few- ; hpurs tie fpre./the mar
ri.age- slier went':%lth /Irene--; "to ithe/Reddari
¦Il¦om'e;^|6..Jak¦e¦¦ i •'.Gfate•i'aty^i^b^t^.was'^¦p^t.'
out-'by ¦: the/oceiipatits;; . ..They; '.then : : : ..wjent
¦lb•'-Ket¦v.'he.ili"v[;¦she^sal'd^^a•lidV¦teieph6necl : ¦•' rtor t0
George .: liur regarding, impending
marria.ge. -..¦ Bur .'took ¦ the. stand -:and j Batd.
that: he /went {io .Xhe\ hbvrse.,; but Vjoni galni'
•iinß : -";ft'4mrs^on;'.f^Uil^;.^\thftt>thei^c;efe'^b'iiy.
hai been : :pfrf.o'rrn.ed^;. ; He/'.s.tarted/-ta;ieay»
. him-fo) take;:3ier: away;
but •Jie/sald -as ; the> ceremony; bad nefen
.pert.p.rme4y.he^.d_M;VJi;&t^^reel/:Ilk«/4hte'rfer.K
frig;- Judee? lipußherty, Kald -tha t "the evir
denc«...was.'BufHclenf and: lie. dissolved the
:marrJage. ¦?¦>:;¦.*?¦;'¦ ¦-/•/•¦•-: " : :v'-.- 7v.: .;-"•> :\": \"- •¦.•••
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ¥& E^&
DIAMOND COAL SIINI.NO CO.. at Us GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, la the Beat Coat la Urn
market. Otfle* and Yard* — (SO Main strMC :*•
r v . STATIONEf? AND PRINTER
T#l^3Su Wo .' PARTRIDGE ** "X?*
INDOOR BASEBALL TO
BE PLAYED TO-NIGHT
-.Theo^Hlnggameofthe Indoor baseball
tourii?imerit.' will : be; .played : this- evening
In j the fi gymhaslUm ;bf - I he Olympic Ath
ietic; : Club.: Niiies . : representing : the
winged -'"O.- and- th^ Reliance/ Club of
Oakland : will 'start the ball rolling and : it
¦will not. stop until one :.pf the. clubs in the
tburnameiit Is /declared the -winner of, the
: hands6me..>ilyericup;. offered 'aS; a .trophy
by -th^ P^lnd VAmateur Athletic; Asspcia
; tidnrv'".^v-;: '-'¦¦¦ '-''.-' •'•> :.-¦=¦:¦;.-¦;;¦":":":: : .-- "
¦?.-, Cpnslderabte interest . is being manifest
ed in the^outcpme of the. contest to-night,
as It wiii give theK followers of the game-
line on theirelative meritsof the teams.
Captain. James of the-Olympic Club used
his beat judgment in picking out an ag
gregation .of -players who Would "play,
ball.- until- the last Inning. -The Reliance
Ciub-is also strongly . represented in the
flild.;/sThe teams Will line tin as ¦: follows : v
¦vßeUance.-V '•..'¦ '•/': ¦ \r. ;-.••• -Olympics; .'
\!o9enheinj;'.,.'....,',Pit?her.'..;.i»i. George .James
iJrockliafreiv. ..;.;..;. Catcher.... A. W.Follanabee
Wymaii »;,-.> '.«.".;. ;>.Fir»t ba»«......11. Monahaa
Freeman^, .i.'.-.V-.V^iPecond base Fred Butx
Holmes.;. ..i^;.i.. J ;vTh!rd;ba,«e.;...AV.Hanrahan
Aud|lTr*>J <..;;..... :.. Short 5t0p... ......... .Ed Stack
*Duckinan; : .'.;iV. >;.;... Rlsh.t short.. ..Oeorsre Fuller
¦ LefeyVe.;. >iy;'.'. iV. .'ii Left field. . ./ Charles Derham,
Deacon.':'.:. ¦;:i...'.-.".'.t>n.ter field... W.: CartwrlKht
1 .;,.. ».,... Right field .A. Valdespino
AgneW< :± ,i ... *: i .v. iEjctra . * » . : .John Connlngham
©MEGfORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hallol
!x/v^ on Application. ';'¦ ';, ¦;¦'¦¦?/¦
DIED FROM SHOCK.
Otis Adams Expires 1 From Injuries
Received in Jumping: From^ the ;
:;;;;?/ Berkeley Local.
NO AMERICANS KILLED.
General : Torres Denies the Report of
an Execution.
; WASHINGTON*, Jan. 31.— United States
Embassador Clayton informed the .De
partment; of State that the Mexican Govr
ernmeht : has received a telegram from
General Torres :to the effect that abso
lutely nothing has: occurred that .would
give rise to the report that six Ameribans
have been. shot by his orders. :. . :; ; .;
This statement from the Embassador
was called . forth by an. Inquiry from the
State. Department based on aCtclf»r>im
from United States Consul Kiridrick at
Juarez: that . ft', was . reported ¦¦¦•'to ¦¦ him ¦that.
Fix :Arrericans : , whose riaines he gave:,..had«
bpen?Eh(Ot by Genoral- Torres^; order near
Guaymr.s, because they had. been found
in the vicinity of a hostile Yaqul encamp
meat/' -- '¦¦: ."-- : ¦";¦.-:*:::..': '¦¦'¦¦¦-¦¦^".. "¦:/.:..''¦¦ ..
EVERETT GRIMES QUIETLY
TAKES ANOTHER WIFE
¦¦'; ;. : - ; :¦•; ; Oakland . Office San Francisco Call,
• : . .- ' ;-::;::¦ V 90S; Broadway, Jan. "31. ¦;.
One of the social surprises of the sea
son i9:th6 marrlajse; of Everett M, Grimes,
who ii; very well known In the most ex
clusive^ sets of Oakland, and San Fran
cisco.'. happy;vbride- was formerly
Miss- Lillian McFdrland, a prominent
belle .of : San-Francisco, ;who- but recently
made her. debut.. -Only the most intimate
friends; have!: been' apprised of the event,
and .when lit. becomes ; : generally known
among .the acquaintances ¦of the couple
great amazement will :no doubt be manl
.fested,"-:";'•: "'-.• '",:=' '^v:;/" V:.-;.- : v. - : . r;v'./-.\.v
. : .vAlth6ugh' a young mah;;:Mr.;Grimes was
a widower .- fdr. several years previous to
his marriage to Miss vAlcFarland, having
been the husband : of Cone: of the daugh
ters ;of -the ;iate Hlrarn Tubbs. His first
wifedied a couple of years after; the mar
riage.
k-Shortly; before his second marriage. Mr.
Grimes gaye^ up his palatial home at 1206
; Fifth: avenue,: East Oakland, and V fitted
up- : a. ¦ . less.'; pretentious ;. but -'exceedingly
cozy: residence; ;at : . 1115; Lafayette avenue,
Alameda; .T^
nled by : the.: utmost : secrecy.: ..^ Xobodv waa
taken : into ..the .confidence; 1 of .the nappy
palr'iuntli' after;: the : wedding ceremony.'
Only the most .''intimate- friends were then
told of : the ': affair, :v ; y\'y '¦ :^s^'' : ---^'<'r>: ¦-'¦¦
''Yes;? I arh;,married,''\sa!d ;Mr.: Grlme>
in' a verjr' reluctant :mariner when seen to
night J: ;*'but ;:I'- do .nqt.want^to have, any
thing said;: about ; It;:; It will dp ; no good
: : and I do 'not: .want; any notoriety. i;I will
inpt : . '.s'aj': where ;•¦; nor when; the : ceremon>
occurred/- ".Wei'are-^happy "arid. vl: do not
desire the matter to be published at all."
The groom is .a: brother-in-law hy his
former marriage to. Supreme Court Jui
tlcev F,VWv -Henshaw. , He Is alsft «.3n
hected with other prominent families of
Oakland and ; San -.Francisco. He Is a
broker and capitalist,; with offlcea in the
latter, city. >¦¦ v'--, •¦:•¦•'. : :'--'-:;. ; . r ¦¦¦¦¦;--¦'¦' ¦.--v^-.v ;.-;-:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
if oeitively cored by tZnoso
" : -"V/.^/ ; : l^ttle Pills. -J; ;;;.; ¦¦;/..'¦
; They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet rerobdy for Dizziness, .Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste la the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID OVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely .Vegetable.
Small PHI . Sm all Doso>
Small Pflco.'
Ministers Organize.
k PACIFIC GROVK. Jan J:3i:-^-Th«. Prot
estant clergymen of this :.place and Mon
terey have just completed the. organiza
tion of a Ministerial Union,;- the first ever
formed in this spction. ';...#. ,
Johnson Knocked Out.
VSACRAIIENTO,: Jari, 31:^-The twenty
round fight between Ed Johnson of Sacra
mento arid John PurceTl of New York ter
minated abruptly in the 'second round.
Johnson being knocked put. V -. - .:; .';:¦'¦
Selna and Clark Matched.
SALTNAS;; : ;Jan. 31.— James Clark of
Watsonville and Charles . Selna of Wat
sonvllle will- box twenty rounds- for a
purse of $30<XJ, given by the- Watsonville
Athletic :Club;v Saturday: evening. Febru
ary 24, at the- Opera-house in Wutson
ville. ; ¦::?:•'¦;;¦•:¦ ¦:;:¦: :¦ . ; : -¦.•¦:'-•¦¦¦; - ;^-
EBELL SOCIETY
WILL JOIN WITH
THE FEDERATION
Wfi 1 Su^prt its Presi
dent, Mrs. Gleason.
Oakland Offlcei San Franclsca Call,
\J : h . "¦•: '•* ' : \ '- - 908 : Broadway i Jah« : 3L &
Ebelf Speiety at;a: special meeting
held fthis morning- voted: in favor of; fed
erating .with : the Y State organizatlpn . of
clubs; v:;;The.,. balloting "•; stood-
a>'^s 42) .". noes ; 22. '" There^is . some talk; of
repbnslderatlbii at a .future : meeting, but
the.-;yotVi. should -there ; be\ such action
takep^wilVtindoubt^ly;be strpngl}'' in fa
ybr;. of vjpinihg: the;.; prganization ; bprp at
Los Angeles two weeks ago. . ; .:¦¦-
;yotlngr7ais, lt;>did ; to-day ,' the; Ebell
SpcieijtVdid /two things ;ot great .''lnipbrt--
Jance— K)rie; -:.-• for.}itiseif,,:-.tne: other for ' the
Stated^The; firsthand 'minor act was; the
retairiiiig\of- Its, irelatiPn >to : the National
Federation ;bf ; ;Women'a Clubs. ;. Had the
Ebell Society not/ voted ; for State : federa
tton^it;; would; by istaying^out. have forfeit
ed;tha rnatipnai relation ¦ thTough : the for
mation, 6f : the State organization without
Ihevsociety's being included, -^-ti :;.• "- : ; '¦:¦ '¦-'¦ ",':¦¦
; v.The-: second, and .primary .act -Was '..to
check; .what : : : would .: have ; meant;;- mut-h
towaird-. making a: gulf -between Northern
an<3 :;; Southern .Calif orhla.- For the south
ern club women; went to Erf>a Angeleswlth
the determiriatipn ;that;lf the. northern la-:
dies were ; opposed •>. to ;- -federation : they
Would- ally -themselves- its - the "Federation
of Women's Clubs of Southern California
to the: national organization. Such a step
on the part of the Soathern/women Would
have; pointed Jn a direction that the Ebell
Society patriotically, disapproves of, and
its saw. : the chasm and
promptly;; bridged it temporarily by the
decisive action to-day; yi-H. -. V : v
; In less : than a fortnight Mrs. Robert J.
Burdette; is expected in Oakland and the
Ebell Society-; will assemble no hear her
able- pleas .for --federation. '¦ among ; the
strongest 1 of ; which is that it will mean
the; bringing..- together ' for ' advancement
of the most talented women In the State,
the advancement being pursued' along ed
ucational, artistic and similar lines solely;
no partisan ;or rellglpus : questions being
allowedto -intrude. -; ; >< <^;\-. -.-"• ¦;;: -v-,vv •
cpnsiderabie money, on his. :persph. Belis
cpe went : with the; mariner -as .'.far as First
and Alice streets/; where, the; men parted;
the :caipt£«jn:crpsslrig;the H.iirribolclt. : 'Cp'in
p.a,Hy^i :^lumb*^/> l arA ; tfl'^<J^er:/to;;T*itch/hlB/'
vessel -tied ¦. -up . at ¦¦.Adarns'-. ; wharf ,' : '•;•• Since
.tfiimll^lh^s^tt.ptbeeijßeen,^^.and;wh ether
: lievr:wa'Sy'r4hbe.dy.-an'd.r,:murde.red:S"ahd;;-fhis;
body thrown into the estuary; or; whether
lie -fell, into the.- water; is ;not •knbwn. ; . i ' All
day. to-day niort were" dragging the; estu-:
afy;in the :liope : ; that:- his body -would be
re( v ovt'rp(l; but no trace. of It ;was;:f otthd; ; 
•;v\-Tfie?mifestng::'.'-nianVls a native of Eng
land; 4Q. yea rs old , and .weighs about ; 2oQ
ppunds.,'^^^.¦H6; : W\^!6lJ'6^toOs^*;ftino"nifsBhin.
pers vhereinid In Sart ;Fr.a;nci3co^; /i^'-?;;.--,'';.'
NEITHER WALTON
NOR HIS BOND
CAN BE LOCATED
• ;' ;; - : : ~'^ *r~:; -v-v -A >¦ ¦'"¦'-.' 'i'-*r -.~ : .^v^} '¦¦¦''X-' : .' : - -'¦ " '•.".•
Bunko Steerer Has
Di sap p eared;
Jury^.wiir'inall probability
be^ a?ked loinvesUgatevthe case of^Gebrge
A\* al t pn, a b uri k o - s t eer e r, who has ; j uni ped
;his '¦ bonds /.;6'f ¦'¦ $500, : ; va';;yerysirriaH /amount
considering' the- charge Voic:'Bra.ii'd\ta. i rc.eny' i
: against ¦ him. ¦ •...¦¦"¦ ... ¦' '¦::¦¦¦ ; ¦¦/¦¦•'¦; : ¦. : ': ¦ •¦.•¦,::. ¦¦:./.-
\ya'it.6j\?.wa;k/.orie'';:6.it a gang that started
a "fake" light on a Powell-street car on
DecernbVr^3r;':wlt.h>''tUe: Object of > robbing
the. passengers vduringi the^;excite v rrie:nt»-;;He
stole a"; diamond -shirt; stud valued ; at; ?&)
from : G}ebrfeev\V.;: MPrse, ; 509 ; : Ninth ; . street^
and v-.tvasy.O hased and ea p tli red by ;¦ Police
nran MerlihyrVln ; rear of the Palace
;Hp.tel.':'''The:;stud-;\TOB; : touh4/la : 'W* : -P9. s 3.es*
felon and there was .-'.a^ clear case of grand
larceny a gainst him; ¦ •'•.;¦ ;.;;;v'; : V-'- ' :-':::h: -' : : :h ;v - • '¦•.¦
'¦¦' On January * Walton was released on
ari /order;, from; Jiidge;.;TreadweU;:. .which;
stated that fends ;to the -amount:: of /JSQO,
had: Jbeen^accepted by ; the Judge. The;,
case was assigned to JudgC/Cdnlan's cburt
andVon January: 2 iti.was called; aiid'conv
tlnued till January "s;/ ; Morae on thesarrio
• day swore "¦¦to'--n' ; !<pniplaio't;'a'SWln"Bt.- : ;AVia:l''
tor*. AVhen: the pas 6 was cailedipn Janu
ary 5 3Valton;failed; to appear and( Judge
Cohlari/rnade inquiry vas to who had; ac
cepted his bonds; "Judge Treadwell: on
being applied id said he had the; bond Vat;
his : home and would produce it. . : At : his
request, as he. was presldihg : Judge, the
ckse was transferred to: hiai^court;::::-;
Bond Expert Newrnan was ;-notifl-ea-. by
: Judge Con Tan, and for j several - days he
tried to get the bnnd! from.Judge-Tread
welli but failed. : The matter was brought
up yesterday, and Treadwell ill oclared.. he.
had given; the bond to his. stenographer;
Howard. VernOn, along •^yith" another- bond
for the release of. Dr^Schultz,.; to hand to
Captain Seymour sent for Vernon, 1 who
said ne had a hazy .recollection, of handing,
two. bonds to Clerk Rice.: Clerk Rice de
nied ¦emphatically having .: received. . the
Walton bond, but., admitted ¦receiving the
Schultz bond; ; As the case had been taken
out . of his court- he saw ,: no reason why
the "Walton bond should have been handed
to him. ¦ •-: : - '\- \- .:<¦¦: ¦¦'..' ¦¦ : -- ¦'¦¦'¦ : .:.- ; ='. ; -V '
Judge Treadwell remembered that John
F. Crowley, a '¦; saloon-keeper on Mason
street, was one- of Walton's . bondsmen,
but he could not recollect the name of the
other.' -' : : ,\ ••¦¦.¦¦¦•'. ¦¦;./¦¦¦•. ;¦¦; ;'..;¦ :- ; -V '¦-. •'¦•s"' :i -* : , ::---: : . : -;
Captain Seymour notified . District At
torney; Byinjftpn of all the circumstances
and suggested that It was a proper case
to be submitted to the Grand Jury.; Mean
time the bond cannot be .declared for
feited, as It:' -Is not officially known that it
was ever. In existence. r^' : ¦.•¦.'. ' ¦ ¦••
THE SAX FRAXOISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY. 1, 1900.
ward- Ah autopsy revealed the fact that
the man's skull had been fractured by the
force of the missile. -..'.'.¦'.> ;; .. ¦.¦..•'.¦ •'••' ".-.•"
»Hi"
O-«-O-»-O^ O-«-O-»-O -•• ©-•¦©-•¦©?©-•¦©?O-*
1 ..•• ¦¦ ¦-. +
-.-^.-.j.i 111 - .11) lIHIW
?. . c • - '¦ ¦ O
M Natural Mineral Water ?
FffcA known for centuries and ?
£ig£& imported . q
>^^^ ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
$*$B£i& For Discrderad Stonaoh ?
SiSlta Talue ha* teen tastl- o
flsd to by thousands. ?
tflftHY * So-called Vichy In Sy. ?
,J~!»?«[£* phons ?
%fM&% IS NOT VICHY. ?
'^^^P Get the Genuine. °
j^SSa^^MM Tour physirlan O
g^^as^a A. VIO^IEH. Digtrlbutiag Agtnt °
Q-+Q-+- O-»- O-«- O-*- O ¦? O-*- O-*- O -•- O-»- O-«- O-*»
///¦•/^./COAX.';.COKB.AIO : PXO IROX ¦': : -/.^
I f Wl] CftV Jt ftl WO Batterr Strwst
J* irnlLOUil (X WU> ¦ Telephone Mala 13U.
';-.;;.; .' i;;%^::\ COPPERSMITH. -•¦; vC* . 1:
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. -H. BLTTH. Mir.
r W CHITH SWP Plombing. Steamboat
t- n 0.1111 11. and Ship Work a Specialty, lti
and IS Washington at. Telepttons Main SWL
• / ¦".-.'•;..¦ FRESH AND SALT MEATS. /
I4C EAVFS <t m ¦¦¦ Shipping Batchers. »4
JA> CUlOli tU-» aay. Tel. Mala IZH.:
¦ ;-.o:;-- : ;;-- :':¦:;;:;;;/;, FURS.-/. . ¦;; ¦:':. '"•¦/j- : :
J- V I ntCT AH 14 «».. wp«!»f» / L«t»»r
. il. LUrJI i\V, t^\e\ V)w«st pric-t i.-nedsinj.
./'-V 7 /--.- :.f.PAPB» DEALERS. .: : '';":": /.
WIT I 1 MirTTB PULP AND PAPEn CO..
IT I L LA Jl 1 1 1 C va Montgomery »t.
¦.-.¦V---V:--. -•¦:• ¦¦•.¦':•>¦;.¦. rPßiNTiMa.' ¦ -v-,/:: 1 ¦..;/}.'<
E.t HUGHES;! msSJI?tF.
White Bigaf
J StARVES
MANY
PEOPLE
The Reasons Are Told
;/;:://-^.Belovvi ; A;;'':>^^^
Cb IgATENTSI J
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMUNA niTTEHS, THE
great Mexican remedy; xlvea health and
¦trengtb to sexual organs. Dtpot. t"3 Market.
9
";-. .: competitors;/ ; : ]
Mlbs Alice C. Hoffman „. .
Mrs. H. C:- Breeden :..;
Miss Mauil Mu11in5.......
Miss Sarah Drum. ...«;...".
Miss Caro Crockett.'.
Mlsa Mary/ 5c0tt.. ..:.... .
Miss Edith Mcßean..
Ml«a Ella Wllccx' Morgan
Mlsn Carrie Tay10r.......'.
Miss Florence 1ve».........
•t competitors;
First ' Second - ', i.
Round Round Total.
.O-60-.' ••57/ ¦ . 117. ;
, 69': .«3 138
¦«6 - . :. 72 • • -US-
". 63 ,• -76 . ,IS3--
;.. 7S . ¦ 68 • ' •• 133 •
; ?7-.-. ••. 74 " .141 '
;- 78 "•..- ::.78 .' • 156 •
..:• T7 l 181 : 158
"8.." 82 l«0
'94 92 .": IS6
";-. .: competitors;/ ; : ]
Mlbs Alice C. Hoffman „. .
Mrs. H. C:- Breeden :..;
Miss Mauil Mu11in5.......
Miss Sarah Drum. ...«;...".
Miss Caro Crockett.'.
Mlsa Mary/ 5c0tt.. ..:.... .
Miss Edith Mcßean..
Ml«a Ella Wllccx' Morgan
Mlsn Carrie Tay10r.......'.
Miss Florence 1ve».........
•t competitors;
First ' Second - ', i.
Round Round Total.
.O-60-.' ••57/ ¦ . 117. ;
, 69': .«3 138
¦«6 - . :. 72 • • -US-
". 63 ,• -76 . ,IS3--
;.. 7S . ¦ 68 • ' •• 133 •
; ?7-.-. ••. 74 " .141 '
;- 78 "•..- ::.78 .' • 156 •
..:• T7 l 181 : 158
"8.." 82 l«0
'94 92 .": IS6Ft'IIMTUIIE WASTED,
ALFRED WOLLPERT. ; 773 Mission ' at. pays
: the highest prlcea for your 2d-hand furniture.
YOUR .future .told by cards. .Me..: M4-Howard
• st. 10 a. m. to 10 p; xd.' "• ¦ .-
MME. RAVENNA reada life fluently: business
advise: names given; 28c up. ; 6 Fourth af ¦•-
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
-. - baafl'a picture, 250 ; Udles. 914 O" FarraU *4.
4^ ROOMS furnished in oak for $41 50. with No.
'.V range.'-Klnsr Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads,- all sizes, $3 90;
-.•heavy matting, 10c per yard; 80x60 Inch rugs.
: $1.. -Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
¦ ' st.v, near. Broadway; - open evenings. .-.-•-. :
KIND." little Southern ; woman,'. S2,'' of excellent
"-. family; -.will'car.e fpr small children i'-extreme-
. ly good ¦to children-;'. rather -sleep home.; : Box
;i0»2.: Call cfflce.. ; -, . ¦'.-• .' .:; •: v. "..- . .':. ,-¦:
TRUSTWORTHY Woman, first-class copk'arid
.-housekeeper; /.kind to' children;- clty'-or'c.pun-
•¦-try; rigferences. 141 ¦¦ Hyde ' st jriO;.'.- postals.. : - .
RESPECT-ABLE yourig . lady would like/ caiins
¦ •; for-lnvalld/lady orfor children- evenlngs.'Box
; vic94. ..caii;:office. -: : >' .¦'.-• ¦:; : ¦¦¦:.:-*>>¦¦ v ¦••::'.•:••. ¦ ¦
A-.MippLEr-AGED-German' wpinan -wants a po-
• sltipri ;fbr genera;!." housework- arid ;plainVcook-
. ing.-; .Aprily. -1414-Lypri j<t;,^.near'.. SUtten • : \ ;' ••• -,¦
SITUATION: wantea.by. a respeictable woman
: as- .'.nurse; ¦'wlHr.asslst -with hpuse.wdrk,v' gbpd
•:re'fere.nces.-;'«lB.O'Farrell at'-.-- .¦ , ': • '•-•¦ 1 ';.-¦
YOUNG ¦ wpriian!-; refined-, arid . .cpiiipeteriti -deslJ-es
'f situation • ai. Beamstress- arid: -chairiber- work*
: wpuid. take eecgnd wprk;. -=='2lB% -Sixth;' «t r. 0.,
WA'NTEPr-.Posltrp.ri .rb'y'i nri • .'American" "young
•", lady .. for ;•'. general -\efflce' iwork-;: • .-s'peaka"' ¦arid
..Vvcrlte, Spanish. 2003 P'Farreil ,Bt.^.-v%*"^
FIRST-CLASS -.arin. waitress. desires pp'sltlori-ln
'.restaurant. -Call. 'or .address. A.- li, 1017 Bat-
:^iery- st> : - : V ¦¦¦''¦¦¦:>.''¦ -':¦ :;'¦'¦¦ : ,- : .' '.¦:'¦¦- .-?.- •• v ? .-.'.'•
YOUNG.. Swedish;' jrlrl. ¦ .wants' • general house-
. Work ; wages $15: «4.': Fair Oaks, st.7 near Twen-
¦ ty-secpjriTli---- •'.".!'- : s .¦•¦.¦:'.':¦..-.,• \-"-: .=. -..r ,Vy
A .- GOMPiSTISNT ¦ wbrii an '.wants- work -by'-'the
.¦day ;.-,rtf erence's.'- 'ZAso Ml&slon, • opjjosi t c '30th; ' .
WANTED-iPositlpn. in". barber shop by lady
.barber. Call 513- Fols.omst .- •¦ •• .*
RELIABLE -'wphVan' wishes .work ! by' -the day' •
¦ . week- pr month; sleep' home.' 11Q5H Stevenson/
GOOD. cook.an d second' girl, want place In same
househpld.-' Box. 131; -Call office... : . . •".-.
RESPECTABLE young girt wishes a position
.„ to 'do . chamberwork and .' waiting , at table
Please call at 1513 Baker, st .
A— UMC; CORNER grocerj ; in^ very beat part
of the M)EeloO;'4arte.£tock.i' : -hora«,-.wagoQ;
cart; 75 or&er- .customer* '";-. • t>lac« established
years and vflrst-elass . paying.-:-.: Call- "• -R. : -.<J.
WILKK. fl0« Martr.et-:«t:,i-,-:';-.;'- ::/"[ :¦:¦'¦ .¦¦."•;¦.'••.:
A— CIQAR store, connected, 'with ;.caindy apd-.Jca
cream rariora. on -transfer -tloee- to
Powell and Poii t>ts. : rent -120; lirst-clro-t Fay-
ing; large stock; £ne flxturea. ' It G.. WILKEI
80C Market at -'xy-> •;• :>¦[:.¦,: V;' ¦*.-¦ >~~ ."•¦¦¦¦<
X—tZiO; .DAIRY, produce -.'-'and ¦ delicacy: store;
m-!th 3 ' li.vicg'. rooms; . J«nt ; .sl2'r.a : good-payitig
b'JSlceaS. Inquire R.:G. WILKE.: SK>6 Market.
A— S3W»: PARTNER. w»ntedMri chop -and opfte*
. ;houfe;.il.vfly.,country-town: pl*ce : clearing $60
¦tot «ach /.Dartner.- -• : C»ir...BV,-Q.V WILKE... :&W
.Market- «*.;;• • ¦'¦• 'i. C-V";- .-.-. -"•.-.•':•. ;. : /¦•¦'-.-.: "'¦'--¦
A—«SSOr BAKERY near. McAllister »B:, eatab-^
•l.lahea ¦ years;'-.a11: .-ttore;.- itrade--,: "large ' stock;
rent 125; 4 .years'. :lea?e;- I^4 barrela per .day.
•Can-.11.'.:G: r ;WILKE i: :K>»jja. r ket at, ...:¦¦.-:, ': : ':
lisfrj^cpin^ JER ; grocery : and '.bar: eatabUsheVl
¦ inany... years '.aridr. doing a-splendld;' busineza;
- ..chPlpest lpcation few W'y'ks horthiof jMarket-
:':re:it ts4s. -Call Et ; a.;wiLltE. Sb«--MjLrkH -»t- ¦-'•
A— ZZM— PARTNER : ,-.warite« v <ri.: ; --manufact'uflng
... b««ln.efc)s::-niust d;eHv*r -with, wagon ;.wlll •clear
:-.:P>9 per «iprith.to : ea«h,-rPaclflc^ - -Kkph'arig*.'. TCJS
¦¦• Market}ist: : .v-:^7;:/:-;i;. :.¦";¦:.¦;; -y, v ;' ¦'--.y^'-^.u
;A'^J<oO^CQKNEtt''./ silbbri;- private:. r. ¦¦' entrance
.rooms-: ' >ecielpi:s - $M "tp'-'tjO. per day;; e-verythiijg
porn-plete.'.v.-paciflc-.Excharige. '1018 ¦ Market ' st: -
JMOS^ELJiG ANT: corner- f*lpr*'.!and ¦¦ modern' 5-
> -rpom ciiittase ; ' rests/. $J0; -co*f SSU/I:- Jioor- will
¦¦Ufee'it/^KREEHqv* C&.y.il^Qssiry.st.- ¦¦¦ ' ..:
f2oo^PAßTN.Eß^^¦•tl^^ris?ef•.•and'.^¦«tcJ:age: ' JlOb : a
:¦ thor.th; rArechaftce.-yKr^lO/^ .Co.. . i2»i '-Geary.-
tISCO-rp.RAYIN^ *xpre»a;';6nly; cne'lri tPwn :or
?y»0 population: $10, 000;>;early: KREDOa CQ.
Srr<wPARTJ>CR. wanted ; .light- wen-establisnetf
bufinesa; will. pay mer $70. J*er month to each
yearly. . McLAUQHL?N :& CQ.. -.777^, -Market.
Jl.-.O— CORNEni «»loc'n; : liargain thjs. day.' -' jilc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777^ Market >t ; :
$IMO-SA LOON. 200 ft .from the Baldwin; pri-
vate entrance, clubrpcma: flrst-daaa ln : ever-y
'. retpect ; good businees! • . JONES. -£6S Market
$17t— GROCER Y. bar. • 4 Hi tag- rooms ; ' rent SlO
doing paying business. .Jones & Co.. JSSS Mrkt
A -FINE -corner salocn;' good -location"; a "snap.
COWING & CO.. IISO Market *t : •' , : • .
$»»— PARTNER wanted: good corner aaloon:
rcugt be honest COWING & CO.; 1130 Market
DENTAL offlce; flret-class; central : must •be
•oXfl; tenr-s easy. Mac Donald,' 6 Eddy, r. 137.
LOST— Saturday afternoon.' at Zlnkahd'i), lady's
. -gold-handle umbrella.'- -.Return to 765 Eddy at.
¦ arid; receive liberal reward. ;';." '-: '.¦'•"¦.•• '....',
LOST— In . the' Mission, bundle of. lists*' Return ;
- 13C0Vi Natoma. st..; -.reward.; .'¦ •¦" ..--. '. "¦' . — • ."-.
LOST-^Gold- locket "-'with' diamond ;¦ monogram
: VO. F. T."- Reward at, Ti3 McAllister st. -:¦¦-.
LOST-^Sunday afternoon In transferring- from
• Eighth-street cars -from East Oakland to the
Piedmont ' cars;'- a : ' . -Mexican hand-carved
"leather-: purse, -"containing' email change;
•Finder please return to. 1515. Franklin St..
Oakland, and receive reward;.-.'. ¦-.-'• : .:.•¦-¦•¦
LOST— A ra.--sbodk with The Hibernia Savings
-.-".and Loa-n Society of Stin Francisco. ¦In the
" name of EDWARD M. CARR, No. 210-o^.
The finder will please .re turn to- bank. ••..•'•":"
STRAYED from n7.CoU : st....lrUh : setter.- -y. •;-."
LOST-^A -.bunch- of. -.keys^flnder-- will please re-
.•tarn-.ta. 415-Kea.rny.-sti' ; "•-'•'•-. : .; .-'¦'-'. ?-.:-..;
• : '^/-!/^i^J^i^fiP*cAi^ V;-,".c- ;•/.•;.'.• .'¦
MRS: .DR.. KOHL, theiohly r^lable^adies*" ph^
. :sician and specialist, of ..long and guccffssful
. practice,- private, home for patient* before and
.vdurtng copflnement-. lsest of care;, guarahte^t
• treatTrient at pfflce. JSr safe ana.reliable; con-
'sultatlon free, . 1122"\Marke.t st., b'tweeh'-Ma*
: son-.aod- Taylor: hours, 9- to'6.-'.' : :.. .•<> :¦ ¦ ¦"
MRS;-. DR. WTETHv:, reliable ladies' physician
ami specialist: .homefor patients in confined
• ment- or. • with .chronic-diseases; best care-
- itnaranteed treatment -at pf flee' jj; consuUa-
DR -^. G -. W - O'-DONNEUU the-worid-renowned
. ladies' specialist; safe- and reliable; has prac-
ticed: in ff. F, for years; treated, thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
: home;. consultation free; success euaranteed:
¦ Write or call at l(mn Market st.- *™ rl . leea -
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' epe-
. clalfst. formerly of 401 Van Ness, has Ve-
• turned from Kurope with late scientific meth-
ods; cuaranteed treatment at office. J5; safe
¦ and reliable; la years' successful practice In
S. F. OtHce. 1007»i Market St., near "stoth?
WE guarantee to cure sny female trouble for
$3; male and female physicians In attendance-
confidential consultation free. WOMEN'S
MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 123S Market, r. IJ7-IM.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 112S Market: ladle*'
physician; chronlo diseases treated: lata sclen-
Uflo xaethoUs; cur* cuax&ztteed; treatment, fj.
KNABE pianos; new scale: naw stylts. KOH-
LEh A CHASE. 80 O'Farrell st.
TO-DAT w» offer a fin* Gibson for $200. Decker
•'-*¦ Son for £50 and other bargains equally
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market it.
DECKER & SON and Packard are th« names
to remember when you look for a flm-clas*
. piano, Agsncy MAUVAIS'. 769 Market it.
I \RGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos, prices reduced to Insure prompt sal**,
¦'. W. C. HAMILTON. 524 Post St.
SO SLIGHTLY used hlch and uedlum grada
¦- pianos;. special discounts for cash; open Sat.
. evenlnss. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 138 Ellis it.
A FI7\V more pianos will b« sold this week for
- storage, cheap for cash; correspondence sollo
. lted; $40. up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
BARGAIN— An' upright, elegant, old English,
antique design. $100.^ Room 10. Flood boUdlng.
V>"E are still renting nevr pianos at $3 per
roontlu .Scott-^yirtaa Piano Co.. 5«0 Hayes st.
•V. 0.. BAIK3EX 412 Sacramento St.. asent for
Francis Bacon and Haliett A Davis pianos. ; .
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pUnos. Sp«nc*r
wardrooms: ¦ ISIS Market st. • .-
FINE Fischer A Bte:nway uprljht; sacrificed.
. KEEFFE'S. ion Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
GOOD : upright ¦ piano;- nearly- new; eneap.
HORNUNO'S. 216 McAli:»ter st. .
BARGAlN— Good. upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. II
•. JTcAHtster st. ' 'neTt Hlhernla Bank.
SUPKRIOR violins, xlthers. old and new. 5T
. MT T T>LKR. maker, repalrer. ! L*th»m Ishie«.
OFKICKJt A.YD STORES TO LET.
FOR sale or rent— Store and dwelling: comttlned.
• corner Center and Jefferson sts.. Stockton.
JOHANSON. 11S9 Market St.. S. F.. or J. A.
LYNDAIX. 21 N. Sutter gt.. Stockton.
UNION-SQUARE banding:, opposite • City of
Paris. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
: offices and stores.
LARGE store. S3 feet deep. 14 feet high; busi-
ness location: 2 living rooms. 11l Second st.
$20— STORE: J show windows and & large rooms;
adapted tn any bnalness. 4H Sixth »t.
PALMISTRY. "¦ •.'
0011 '^ of
NEERGAARD. president, readings from I f
I p. m.; by mall p.- «4_Oeary £ ¦,
«CL,AinvbyANT9 AJfp ; spiritualism;
AiPROFKSSOR/M'AY^^vv 1 --^'^;^- '~\.:::};W-
:*-^-aLw ays see the best^-^
y-'y -'- ¦ :; '-: : 'i-:'- > ':- •'•• -;¦:•¦¦-.' '-4':;--,4M'. TURK- ST>
vHeexcltea. the- wonder- arid .admirat-lpri .bf.:the
''most.'rikebUc'al;- trty'es..'ady.|c<- .o.n-.:lpy.e;."b.ttsrness
iand'-dDniestlc .trouble; ...uni.tesH^e.^sep.arated and
¦reStsreaf .-loif- affection ; ; if -la trouble- or
and-'he'wJll v -
help you.T : nie;dtums. ; 'de'veipi}ed;-tri'.Xrp;m;---u-tO ¦<
¦mpnthsrletteraV-epntalning.. three, questldrisaricl'
t\ anawere44- hours..; 9 : .t0: .8 ; Sunday 8, :";10 tip; 2..'--;
AT ¦) 'Ebefhardt. : - Hall f. to-night ; ".'^'rdlhation ' : Ei?ry-
.-' -Ices, "¦ followed, by .jspl rit ¦ messages/- '32*0. -Tw'en.-
• ' ; ty-'second. st:.; -'.all-; wc.lccinev'jcopd-; ftTtj^te." '•./...'•-
MRS.' : -J. - J.v : WHITNE Y; viiO4 : : ¦ trancev
¦ ¦ teat,- '.business ni» dlum ;'• life- reader ; a! sy jnedl-
;r.alclairvoyant;';ata;mp;far<ilrcular; sittings $1;:
IIJiIB . vYOUNG'S... con vrticliik' : test -circle/ td-i
; .. ftlg;hV...>^-MeAl ; ilßte.r g 4it. ; 10c ; ,<;pme, skeptics.;
MME.-ZEREDA of B .pevehth st ls-the -priginal
•¦¦'g>'P«y ¦ life, reader; readings. 2Jc..'. _______ ;'\ : ¦/¦¦_ .
EDWARD EARLE/ .inSependerit ..slate -writer,
--253 Ellis st,; clrcje .3un\and. Wed, evenings.
MME. MOREAU, the 'best\a*(Htim"~snd card.
• reader; - 2tc - up;-.- -73 Fourth- et., ¦ near Mission.-
MME.' SIiAFFERv clairvoyant; card reader; ¦!]>
'tings dally. ¦ 212V4 Sixth' at y :-. ' - •.•¦¦-
POST;. 62&^Upper flatofi roomi arid bath ; $Is.
;BACRAMENTO;:IgS^--Flat;of.Br^; BACRAMENT0;:lg$^--Flat;of.8r^
TWO 'fiats ; : 4 • rooriis' each ; 1 flat • furnished; 12
.- - baths; 2 toilets ; .all', necessaries.' .-,- -1917 Geary sti
VALLEIY: 310. 5 r;V-.$9:Vl9Vi Madison Oave.; $10r
:. lOPattou.'S r.;.59; Ripley place. S'r., $10;',3a
'.;.d'ayi:;fi^.-;-;.A...;.N1 ! ;-BPKCB:-">.;C0..--;.6«7 Market,;
- : 1123.. Vallejo^^ st,,..";nr..'.Leayeh-'.
;.- w6rth;;rear .entrance only;..no children; 4 rrius;
$12— FOUR 'sunny' rooms. .-¦ IS3- Ivy " aye.'," . near
/vVan-'Ness..'-';-. :•"-•¦ •• ¦ ''; :: ." -":¦.'.•. :¦¦': ¦ ¦::-.:^yy : .
FLATS of .8. and I rObms; : 112 and $14;'. cottage
:'v<:-rpoma..'slo..' Key 623 Seoond sf- -.-' ':¦'..¦"¦-¦ ."¦¦
FLAT^"4- rOoma, ¦.bay.-.wlndow . and ' bath.'- 718
Natorna st, between Eighth and Ninth; $l?... v
IK! you want to move get printed list flats to let:
from BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10 Montgon cry.
EXPERT -OPTICIANS.
TWO iijeat.ypurig girls .wish situations:, gerieral
. • housework; '.small. family; plain cooking; ref-
: erences; .w ; ages.sls; to $21- Call 873. Bryant st.
CpMPETEN'T. wpman wants general '.housewprk
. and plain -eppkirig.;. not afraid. of work • : wages
¦ • $20 ¦to $25 • per', month;. ; . Call ' and see lady ; . no
'.':' cards.-15S- Fifth sf- ...':- - : ;' '¦ " ::¦¦ :."¦<•¦'• V .- v.'
WANTEEH-Two experienced :. elevator boys for
hotel,: $15 arid $20 and found. . C. R. HANSEN
• & C0..-. 1C4 Geary st-.-^.-v'.-...' '"} S ¦':¦•¦'"-';:.'•
60 COAL miners. for New. Mexico,.; special rates
of fare, ship tbrday; call early. C. R.. HAN-
-BEN & CO:; .101: Geary, St.; •"- ..'¦.'-.=• *• , : --'.' "".
LOST-^At ;jllberrila Bank, a package containing
•¦ papers of : no.yalue'tO' finder;' return same and
receive reward. V.W.V HAGGARD, 1704 Wash-
¦-lßSton.-'M..:. : r".-? .•";¦'•¦ r -..-' ¦/¦;"¦•":¦-»¦•'. -¦--•'• '¦"¦:¦
COLORED waiter: fpr. country. clnb^fSSigtC.^jEt
; HANSEN & C'O.t'-IM-Geary'at '-,':-" ..-¦';.'¦¦ .-¦,'.-¦
: '\\U- r-^^osT^-AMiiKoiyio;;'^.;;-;:'::- ;
LOST— X" paas-bopk with: the. Hibernla Savings
~ and Loan- Society of.' San '.Francisco, -:iri- the
; riaffie ; , at Court Star of : California. N6i ' 7814.
. .-'Ancient' Order; of -Fbrestera:'-- No;' 173-483^. The
-•: finder .will;- please return ". tp bank.' •" ;•; .- '.- ": \ "¦'
!l^sT— "ruesday/.-'.on "¦'•.• Devifeadero "¦.. Ati- between
ClayVand : Page r 'a lady's gold watch, fob arid
medal, thie latter with G. WIDDER engraved
¦¦'. ont^it". Return.-, to'. 2512.'..C1ay at.' .-and; recelya
:¦'.. reward. l' .''.'-.¦^'•vr-Vv:? /•".-,•' ; .;¦.-.; ¦'. ¦.' :¦..'.-. '¦'¦--• i -'."'---"-"«..
ATTENTipNi;;:':.::;--/', --: ¦'-¦:¦¦: •'.-• .-.,;;¦;.-. ' \
•••'. .";¦¦¦¦ : '.v :-.'. '•"¦¦•' ¦'¦ R-einoved! •.•Removed! '¦ - ; ... ' : -
'¦¦¦J 'i\i'2r-:- : Mrs: dr- a* d. howr '¦% ' ;'
;•-'. .;.-.¦ 'Tha World's Most Famous Medium
:1- '¦-¦ v": V ; 's V -S ' and dalryoyarit '.¦¦•.'¦ 1 ---- "'. 'V\
:.-Haajretaoved.her -of flees : to her' residence. IMI
'¦ •:¦ ;¦} ¦'.¦ fjeyentht avenue, 'East; Oakland, -CaL. " •. : ,.
- - ; - :. !.-¦-.; Raveaia ¦ Your ¦ -Llf«v From 'thie ' Cradle ' " ;¦;
V-:'J^ r ,':; .l^ : ;"vtP;;:th«i;';Graya.;' •¦'¦¦ :;.¦¦",;..";.¦ ;-.' ;.;.'. "¦'.-
'¦:'¦'-.- ';¦:' ¦-.'.»very ; ..Hidde.n-. Mystery-; : ;Ra.veai'e^L. : . . }}''. '?--
: ±\'i' : yy';. : ;"T^:thV:Sick',;Espe^B^iyi : .;Vl'.;' f :'.;•'•..
. H«T ajwlttanc* v-is\. priceless.:;! -Her ''ReTialed
'•/.Medicines;'';-' registered., and '.ccpy'ri^hted.-; cure
'..'¦ all-jdlseanea '6nearth, ; 'consump.tJpn,- paralysis,
"•'rheuniatlsmV'- : all'Bklh':'.,dlsea»es ( . .heart-- ' and
nervous aflectlpnsi ¦ The wpnderful:curea :whlch
ehe baa-made: are : the talk.of -tha whole' slope.
•¦•¦:' .:¦"•;. y-^lv :.."¦''.; write .-'i-r;- ;.¦..-••¦••,'.-¦'". ¦¦'¦?'¦<
.If.'you.'cannot '¦'eall^-l-t.or-: thouaands upon ¦'.thou-
•anda ' have." bean ..made-:- rich,-. •:. happy - .arid :
heiilthy .without: ever having .coirie; to-, see this-
wonderful' •wPinan;'- " ; Ccnsu station by- mall -la
' alwaya'-'iricst" successful-; and; satisfactory,-, and
ail' correspondence la kept. -aacredly ,-cpnflden-
tiiliy ¦¦,::: 'i : r:::'-.-.:. ¦¦,-.¦¦ ¦=' -.r ; :-/=:.;.";-: .¦•-.-.• •¦'.'-¦:
Address or calU MRS. DR. Aw D/HPWB.'
.-'^¦ee 41 and upward; '-Jy-:.:. •'..•¦• -"¦ :'.-' : ' : :..'.; . ¦ '; .
.•¦•••- •-'•'.•.": " : :..---Dla2nosis -Free/. ;-.:¦-; .-¦•¦•¦..•¦.:;.'..-
: N. ¦'¦ B.r-MRS.' :DR. '. A. .- ..D^ .HOWB, ;. 1061
Beyenth"arenue,'-.-East-Oaklarid:"-... '.""¦'- ':'. '.:',-•¦...¦.
:^ikM.:g*.' I toroiaTfufaftirT7/.*Ti&\K*!t;;t>a at :
Cllntpri : .'statlt»n;-' the: second.. ..station v\ from
Broadway; • ..". ¦':;¦ :: -'"-> '"'¦;'¦ '.¦ '".'':.' '}'':¦¦''¦¦ -.''•.:¦'•, ' '}'-.' :
BPIItIfUALIS3I.
BVSIM£S3;-:CH:^e^a. -V : V\V '^ >' y
A— s32s ; BRANCH bakery," With $ lirtng 'robnji;
established 10 years;. dally reCeipts..'slS;splen-:
fii-d location on Larkln 6t. : ./R,-.<J.; \VILKiS,v*&6
.;¦ Market at, : s^ ;-.-~ :.'.';.V/ : '-.- ?'.:?-': "; '-.-" '/-,• -:>.•;.¦-¦"-
B OOT AND.SU OK: BAKG A INS
CLEARANCE SALE— GREAT ; REpCCTIQNS.
Men's regular $l£o Bhoe».v.i'.i'U:v;.. ; .y;.4113
Children's regular tlcO •shoea.-::'.;i iv.*;i.6si v.* ; i.6$- eta
People'a Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton^ nr. Br'dWy.
V : . - I^STRCME.'fTS. -¦ -j".
AGAIN '• .w« remind you that you ahould par-
.¦¦ chase -your -medium aad low-priced pisnoa
where they can be exchanged for a Stetnway
Withlu three years and. ¦ have' full purchase
i price allowed. We are felling naw uprtgat
pianos for $t per month, and some good pianos
:¦'• for $3. $4 and $S per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY t CO,, Steinway Dealers, cor. K«»rny
and Sutter I'ta.. Ban Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and i^roadwav. Oakland.
$lt^-HpUSE of f : rooms;: grand- View; ; to ra/amall
'? famlljr _only. : . 425- Fremont ;st,:':near- Harrison.
REEp.'.l4-i-H6use':.t<f''« ; :rDbnis_ bath and base-
¦' ¦-. ment;:;slg¦.¦^y;Apply..;.l32s.^W.aan^ilgtp^ : :^lt^J.¦;.•.^^'¦¦^l
: BUSH. 1224— Suririjr.hpuiie of i roonis. and bata;
: ; . water ..free':'.-- large' yard :'reht ,-.JJI- M.'- ' ;A- ¦¦-' •":•¦• r.
BOOKS— XEW ! AXD .: OLD.
BCHOOL BOOKS. • bought" and .oexchanged.
Hclmea Book Co.. 7C4 Mtssion.st.,- near-Third.
A^-LA DIES' deslrlrig flrst-classs :help pf all nkf
¦ : .tipnailtles.-cari''eeeure'-sariie .byVcalllhg On -of
-; addrf ssIrig;'.:.M;ISS: : : CULLEN. ;. 525 : - ; . Sutter c.Bt./
''..phpn.e. Grant 126." ¦'¦:'. '¦'.;¦' . :;'..x.'j;-.' ¦• ;"' '¦':.}¦". .''.'.^ '-•'.¦.• .v
.A-iFIRST,-CrJASS:.;ccok;desir«.s.Bltuatipn:boar^
lng'^house, .h'.otj>'l br.:restaurant; cburitry;: good
•sltU.- MISS .CULLEN, .325. 325 Sutter.st.-. -. \ ¦'•.,' ':'.
CAHPET BEATIXG /AAbr; CLEAMNGv
WHEN you become disgusfed- witlr.ppor wprk
• ; -'B«na to^ SPAULDING'6 ::Pi.one<rr .Carpet-beat-
-"lng-.WP.rk»; SI3-3o" Tehama. at: -.tel. S. '40.'.' '•;
J. McQUEEN 1 SiCWlfornlaCarpetO^
v< 453; ! Stevenson st- ;' tel'.VSpUthiZS;- -Ibwest rates,
CARPETS':-cleaned'.at: Sc, per yard;- laid' at fa
¦;; 6TRATTpN'S.,I. : Elght^:.st;: ;tel: : ;jessle : 944.- ..
J.EJ.MITCIIELL CanMrti Cleaning Co., .240 14th
-' st.;, cleaning, ;3c per .yard:* teU 'Mission; .74.'.: ..
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.; 4<>2 Butter stj
.;.^^ teL'iMftin 8^4. -: GEO. WALCOM, . proprietor. ..
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating. works,. 253 Golden
Gate .ave:^ •' teleohone East :126.- •.;.- .' ' ¦¦. ¦'-•" -..'.' •
CASH loaned to aalarled people on note without
, indorser. MORRELL.SO9: Examiner building.
ESII'LOY3i£:.\T AVASTED— FEMALB.
'A-^GQMP.ETENT ;nu>ther ;:arid daughter .'desire
': situations.; UhderstaridViiU. kinds -of- work;' .city
:;.;br:.cpuritry.V' ; MiaS'.Ci;i.LEN...::32s, S'utter-st •/.
A^FIRST-C.LA^SGtfmaricobk.SV years last
; pla<-e, - : desiies situation:-. Jewish. -lamlly.- '.pre-
•\.ferrcd:.:VMlSS,eULLEN,'..32s;.Sutter .Vt;:'- ¦-. -. .'-;'
O' FA RKELL, 742— Clean,'; cbriif prtkple : -. rooms ;
good home cookltig;. special -.rates:. tp . gent« 4 , :. -
> and -excellent bocrd. $20 per. month: aIBO
parlor suit; home comf6rta.::lS4l;:Howa;rd 'at
'¦::¦ •':.;-; help y wawteo— male. '¦:-/.'^.:-:.
MURRAY & ftEADY.;;.., -PHONE MAIN t&ii
.. '.•Leading Empioyirient and Labor- Agents.' ... ;
.V.:v.V..:v,WANT 7:A. M. Tp-pAY.;;..v;v..;.:
10 -laborers,- no ; experience rttqulred,; , company
work near .clty....i:i:.-..;..;,i..:.52 to $275. day
8 'orchard and; vineyard •¦ prunera,- $2S arid
found; milkers, $25r ranch hands,- $20 arid $2C
6. tableman, . dlty; ..:.-. ;¦•/. .• . :. .=. . v.vvu .-.;; . v. ."..,. 54»
Italian or Slavpnianfarm. hand, see bosa here;
130/ Wooddidppers and'- tlemakera." ¦ MURRAY
&READY, «84and 636 Clay st;/ '-¦" .-^.. '".'¦'•.
A .BRANCH: office for' Call advertisements and
. 'subscriptions - has '¦ been. 'established ';¦ at tha.
northwest corner of Twenty-second and'Kan-
."•'tucvy -sts.; openAurtii: 9 p; m.- "; • •¦. ; -'.::.".
13 R6OMS-^-Flrie ' location;" ¦ cheap.>y..,;,;;;..-..,:142S
'•¦ 15 ¦ room»-r-Cleari.and ¦neat..;:,'.,-...".'..-..'.;V;. : $900
.-' JO rpoms^Clears $150 : m0nth1y .,....'.:;. ..;.; . J1500
-"i* ¦¦¦ rsonjw^-Fine. transient;'..'. : ...i.'.i.';.i. : .''.^.v $550 :
Pacific Btates Realty.; Co., 32a Parrott' bldg.'
> people: l block Of Market; $400; rent $30 ' i cleara
¦-: $35;: : owner sick: -leaving city, ¦- }I; GRIFFIN;
-? 71$- Market'; et.-. i'rie.ar-C^ll-.'bulidlnie.:. ¦¦¦-••..-••.• - : ¦-
•CLASSIFiED advertUeirients and Bu"bsCriptjcns.
//received: at Call branch isfflce^ 22oo Finmore at.
A BRANCH office fpr Call adyertlßernents arid
.subscriptions has been;^ett.abllshed.atlOM.Va-
¦ .-'iencia."s.t. ,'- ; ' 7: "': 'v- : \"~ ..-'¦¦ ; ¦'.'- y : .'~/'-:-: '".¦ -r. *
COFFEJJ : and tea routes -supplled-frbmyGEp.
. : Wi CASWELL & CO;, 412 Sacramento^ st - : .. •
L. E. CLARK. Ett.ti:.l Frreckelsb!dg.,S27 Mar-
Vet rt.: cor.siiitatifvn free: no fees in.. adranre.-
LApY Bolicitor;',vbi(ft. pay f^/ Call- ; room : 605, ;Call
«¦ building, 12;- and .1 p; ; m; ;. 'V- ... .'. .!..-/•
ANY prppoettipn, any ampunt: « per cent: first,
i.aecond mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
.-..ln' ! eatatea^: legacies, life.' Insurance: chattel
...: raprtgage«: : ..eonfldenttal: . advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. '.room 18. first floor. Chronicle bldg,
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
; watches. Jewelry. W. r.HESTHAL, 13 SUth;
highest price: for^^ old gold., silver, diamonds.
ANT amount by prtvate party on furniture and
' piarios;-n».r*rapyal; low rates; confidential.
-BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell at
PAPER-HANGEK. with tpols, wants wprk by.
day or contract; tlnter; painter.; Write AN?
•TONE,. 1309 Laguna/st. ¦'¦¦':/¦ .':-,¦.'.:' " : - :.-'.'
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and; engines. H. S. White. US Mission.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathe*.
Iron 4 wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE, 1» Beale.
NEW and eecond-hand slot machine* bought
and sold. W.C.BENTHAM. 1833 Market at
DR, CREELY*B C. P. mange cure: by all irus-
: -; gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
A BRANCH -of flc«. for the recyptlori pl ; .adyer-'
tlsementa and -subscriptions lias-been -opened
¦ at. '12.23. Polk. »t. ;.open till ;»; pi-.ni- ; : :;<- ~- ¦ -'•¦
STEINWAY plan* and household fnmltar«;
private sale. Box "V Call office, Oakland.
WINCHESTER ..Hotel; 44 Thfrd . st.V near Mar-
,. ; ket; 2fic night; reading rbtim; free
... ';?bnsahA. baßSBgfr. to' arid .from- the'.ferry;;. .::;.;
ifARGE meettn* or show tent; (OxSO feet; wtU
seat;irOO to $2000- people. 1849 Mission st. . /.
KMPI.O If ME.NT WAJITKD— 4IALB. :-i - •
YOUNG • "man, Steady and sober, wants posl-
¦ tlon attending horse, garden, lawn or any
other outdoor work; trustworthy and hanay;
speaks German and English; $20 month; rafor-
. «nces; city or surroundings. Box 4»g. Call.
COMPETENT man, who understands general
; forming, prcbard wprk and raising poultry ;
can run incubatpr: wants sltuatipn on ranch
or gentleman' a place. Address box 10*3 Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established .a t : tha
northwest corner of Twenty-sei*nd ana. Ken-
tucky »ts.: open until 9 p. m. ' ¦¦';:: .
DIAMONDS— Bir bargains in them for holiday
presents, UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CUSINEES OFFICE of tht San Franetoco
Cm. rcrner cf Market and Third rtre«U. open
BStfl 12 o'clock «v»ry o!«ht in tha year.
ERANCH OFFICnS-C27 Monlgcmery «tr»«tt
rcrncr Car; oren until s:S» p. ca.
TOD Hsyea street; cpen until »:!9 p. nL
f3» McAli'eter »tre«t; open until »:M P- ««•
OS Ijirkin street; open ur.tll t:SO ». m, ...¦;¦
itHX U!«m:on street; cr«n until 14 p. m.
:?« Market ktrett. corner 6lxt«ectb» . cpea
vr.tll t p. in.
'.ft, Eleventh «treet; cues until »». m. •;-;•
IOJ6 Valencia etreet: cper. uutll •p. xx. .- ;
Polk itreet: rr«n -r.t'J S p. m. -
Ncrthwest ccrccr cf Twraty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets; cpen until % p. ra- __
BIELVTIXO NOTICES.
Lcdre No. ££_££•»*.*; A
i:.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
KVKNING, Feb. L at 7:30 oclock. itX
Stated ir.eetinp. Py order cf the Mas-
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
UIESION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— ft
Ftated m^-eting Tlilß (THURSDAY) _#»_
KVEXING, 7:*o o'clock. Mieeion Ma- VtjK
Kcnic Temple, 26W Mission St. Busl- / V
nt»s and Mark Master Degree. Uy order of
the 11. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
6OLTH BAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
212, F. and A. M.— Stated meeting
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, at JLjZ
7;53 o'clock. ' ** *
EL C. HARE. Secretary.
boiUC Lodge No. 21«. F. and A. M.— jB
Stated reeetins- and Third Degree __«y\_
THI^ (THURSDAY) EA'ENING, ot 7SJK
':Zi o'clock. By order of the Master. /XT
J. ft. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodire. I. O. O. F.— gee-
ond Derree THIS KVENING. figQgSSBa
Vls'tors cordially Invited. *«s:^*»ri?
KR.ED D. ASHWORTIL N. G. -Wti*"^
ADOLPIirs E. GUAUPNER. Rec. Sec.
SiAGNOLIA Lodce No. 23. I. O. O.
i\— K^r.e.-il detail ! lease a*yt-n-.b!e rfc?^*JtV4
in <jur lcdgerooia THIS (THUR."!- *J~^-*H^*
DAY), at Id. m.. to attend the *amx*^
funeraJ ot our late brother. J. RADANO-
YICII. SAMUEL POLACK. Secretar>'.
HALL of Occidental Lodge No. 179,
I. O. O. F.— lnitiation Tlllri §-^>§ss=
(THURSDAY) EVENING. Visit-
Ing brothers welccsne. '¦ "*'*
J. L. HUPMAN, N. G.
GOLDEN West Lodge No. S:2, I. O. ¦
O. F.— M r -n.!.'is Ti;'.! n.e<: Kill-
DAY. Feb. 2, at 12 ra., to attend *22£&££$
the funeral of our late brother,
S. P. SMYTH. G. n. ANDREWS, N. O.
J. IL TURANE, P.ec. Sec
THE funeral committee of the »
Servian-Montenegrin I* and Ik. jvy¥>
Society ar* requested to ba pres- ¦yaiM'
«nt at Odd Fellows* Hall. {EBFV?»2
Seventh and Market sts.. THIS ite22M®S
DAY (THURSDAY). at 2:53 4SQOF|J
o'clock, few the purpose of con- Wgjtf£;-J} ,
ducting the funerai ceremonlea vr^Kyi
of our late brother. . MILAN y <$ I^.if /
RADANOAICH. By order of
M. K. TAPOVA7.. Presideot.
BPIRO S. NX'CQgAVLIEVICH. Sea.
BOCIETY~of Old Frlenfia— You are hereby no-
tified that no election relating to this society
nor any meeting purporting to hare a bearing
on the business of the Society of Old Friends
Is lecal unless enacted at a regular meeting
of the members presided over by
JAMES O'CONNOR. Preslflfnt
THE regu'.ar annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the UNION TRUST COM-
PANY of 6an Francisco, will be held
at the ©fflc* of the company In the Union
Trust Company's building, corner Montgom-
ery, Post and Market ats., San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the fifth flay of February.
1900, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
n>rve for the following year, the amendment
of the ly-;r.« s of the company and the trans-
action cf Euch ether businesa aa may come
before the meetinc
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting. — The annual meetlne of
the let owners In th» Masonic Cemetery will
be held at the Maeonic Temple on TUESDAY
AFTERNOON. February «. 1900. at 2 o'clock,
for the election of three trustees and such
business as may letnlly come before it. ..-¦
GEO. j. KOBE. Secretary.
ASTnOLOGT.
PRT. A. MAFERY cf F.RTrt. greatest aatrolo-
Clrt and palmist In the world: satisfaction
rvurenteed. 457 f!M<seTi Gate aye. .-. - .' •'
ATTORMJYS AT LAW. v v y,
ADVICE free; divorce law a Kpeclalty; private;
no fee without success: collections. •G. W.
HOWE, atty at law/S-V) Market cor. Stocktn.
A— BUYS, sells cr rents gear machinery. e»-
gfnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
et& WHITELAW, 216 Spear at.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants.
steamers, residence*; portable saiety boxes;
- specie chesta, bullion safes, vaults, eta. Th»
Walt* Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st. S. V.. Cal.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; fine location
d&wntown: newly fitted up; electrlo lights;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stpck fpr 1100.
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
100-ROOM house for sale pr exchange for lodg-
ing house in Chicago or other business; no
agents. Box 2122. Call offloe.
£300— PART cash: 14-rcom lodging house near
ferries: low rent; paying well. 12V4 Bacra-
mento st r.-i-. ;
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in t weeks;
.day. and evening class; special Inducement
".this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution in the
wcrld teachinar the barber and halrdresslne
.; trade*. : MOLBR'S BARBER COLLEGE. «C 5
¦•Clay.st Branches— San Franci3co, New York,
. St:. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
WANTED— French or German lady's maid, $25)
.see lady in offlce: parlor maid and waitress,
$25) second girl, $30; French seoond girl, $20.
. $26) German second girl, $201 2 laundresses,
$25J Protestant oook, $25, oountry: 4 cooks,' $25,
..• German style] hotel waitress, $20, country;
chambermaid, wait at table. $17 50; Klrls for
housework, city and country. $20, $25, $30. J.
¦¦¦?. CROSETT A CO., 316 Sutter st. ¦..;
BERKELEY, $2S, 1 in. family; Oakland, $25;
.¦•Alameda, $25, and other townsj 20 housework
; l girls, $25 and $20; 10 yourig girls to assist, $10
.. to f 15. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st ;
MOTHER and daughter as oook and oham-
: bermald. $25 j country. ,: MISS CULLEN, 22S
.Butter st ¦,•¦¦-.¦•¦-¦'• ¦:¦/¦¦¦¦¦'"¦¦ ¦¦ .- .-. '-• . . -. ¦•' -.
A-J500: CORNER grocery and bar; best loca-
tion In the Mission; well established: doing
good business; nice clean stocli: good value
for the money. Btenberg Co.. 835 Market st
J3OO-CIGAR store; the beet in city for the
money; club rooms. Particulars, <9 Third i.
12J5— 10 FINELY furnished rooms; all rente'dj
good location. Particulars 79 Third «t.
PARTNER in aaloon: chanca for steady , o b er
man with small capital. Call 7» Third st
A BUSINESS clearing $100 per month for $500,
If tak»n at once, I'aclflo fltatea Realty Co.,
220 Parrctt building.
ALL • around • cook . wants place in restaurant
or heteli can take chefs place in kltcbenj
gopd pagtry cook. MR3. H-. 804 Valjejo st .
FIHST-CLASS laundress; work by the day or
¦ would do cleaning; or any kind ef housework
in private family. 1309 Lyon st; . ¦ ;".*. -' • ¦¦
WANTED— We want tc-day fpr • all kinds of
a work over 130 girls, for second work, wait-
resses, laundresses, ceoks ," and housework,
. nurses, ladles' maids, etc.; call early. J. F.
CROSETT. & CO., 316 Sutter st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 250
/to 50c. ¦ 563 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs: city front; good trade.
Call on STOLTZ. 630 Market st ;.,
WANTED— A few good men to operate motion
£ picture machines and give exhibitions In
.'. churches, school h«uses and halls .in your
: own. locality: big m«ney can be made; no ex-
a perlence required. , Send this ad and address
. Drawer, 146, Chicaro. - . ; ' ¦•.-
MRS. Dft. OWYEB, 510 Eddy st. bet. Hyde
and Larkln: hours, 10 to 13. 2 to 4 and 7 to I.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
ATTENTION. SELLERS'. : ' ' . ¦ .- . :
Llat Whatever you hava for sale •.'.•..
'¦:'•'¦ with me. I can sell for cash.; .-; . ,
-."'¦'.• I will advertise it fre« for you.- .'• ."
• •.• ,1 want no exclusive contract. .".-.; -?
':.-" Have buyer waiting with cash. . '
1 sell city and country real es- ,"¦ -
-¦-•:.'¦ . tate and buelnee* pieces. :'' • , •
" H. C. DECKER. 1010 Market tt., opp. Flftn.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BUNNY cottages; 4 and 8 rooms, .basement l
ycrd; 6table. 1576 Fifteenth st. near Dolores.
> COTTAGES, 2 and 4 rooms each, with base-
.. ment and stable to each. 819 Capp it, • ¦¦ '.'
$10— BAY window cottage, 4 rooms; .water free;
103 Collins st, near Geary.. . ¦•': .---.•¦" ;
HELP a WANTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .PHONE GRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses for Pasadena and Coronado. .s2o
8 -chambermaids, Coronado-..;. ....$2O
4 waitresses, city and country, $20; chamber-
maid.to wait, first-class city hotel, $20; cook,
choice: place, $29- ............,.,...:......
;......;. .'.FAMILY DEPARTMENT...........
Working, housekeeper; city. $30; second girls,
cooks, housegirls, city and country, $25, $15.
C. R. .HANSEN & CO.. 10* Geary st : . ". '
AGENTS In each county on coast; permanent
work and territory; article a seller. HER-
RICK. 1417 Brush st. Oakland. •
WANTED— Solicitors; good commissions paid;
full explanatlcns. • Call 207 Exam, bldg, 2 to 4.
MRS DR. ALLEN, 1023 Market ladles* special-
ist"* guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5: safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 13 to 8.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement 1313 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist 1113 Market
St.: every ease guaranteed; $5 up.
SAX KHAN CIS CO CALL.
•WANTED— BootbUck; la barber ifcop. 101
.Fourth afe; .• . .
W; E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
. furniture, carsats. 757 MUslga; t«l. Red ISM..
GERMAN, girl wiahes- position .as • cook In
¦-'American -..family. Call after 10 "a. m.. .2
.Chatham jlaco. off Bush, below Btocktoa.
WANTED— First-class fresco : oalnter to-mor-
row.- Call at 2707 Twenty-flrat at. -?,•;. '
GOOD barber shop for sale. Inquire at 733^
Broadway.
WANTED— Boy to feed Gordon presses." ¦ Apply
. 12 Montgomery aye. . . • . . .-,/>•
JIO^iSUNNy Cottage- or- 3 rooiris. ."134 -Rose. aye.,
-/between- Gough arid'. Octavia- sts'.'.:. .. -.- .. - : . .
BARBERS 1 Protective- Unipn-^The. only legal.
..organized. union on- the-coast. J.- J>- H"EINZ.
.;: Employment Secy.. 620 , Market., downstairs.
BARBERS' : Progressive -.-Union— Free .employ-
• ment;: H/ Bernard. SecV-104 7th; tel. Jessie 132.
ACTIVE '; nien • with . reference and security : to
operatewhitewashlng and whitening- .riiachlne;
I wages, and.commlsslpn. -. ; Box 2t90, : Call.; offlce.
$150^-PARTNER' wanted in old-established; of-
: flee . business: will . clear -$75 month- to- each."
City: . Business Bxchange,"-79 .Third st.-'\ .- ¦•—•-• '
WANTED— Patternmakers. Apply at' Vulcan
-. Iron Works, 'corner Francisco and Kearny- sts.' ¦
COO PAIRS men's, shoes, slightly; damaged,! half
:'. price.' 562 Mission st, -between Ist. and 2d sts.
WANTED— Horseshoer and blacksmith. Call
-'1504 Fulton it. \ '-.'•:,.•"•:,•¦. • ¦
A-'MAN- Aarid r wlfe::-'ranch •work:"- must lurider-
..stand; dairy; *50; country.. \:MlsS: CULLEN.;
WANTEDr-Ariierican ¦ gravel miner. $3 ' a day,
-as. head:irian: : flrst-class gardener. $30 to $33
~ : arid -.found ; German or Scandinavian coach-
' .'man.'- $30.'- and., found; farmers,. $23 and. $28;
'¦¦'.wpodchoppers,'' t1'.7.5' and.-$275 v cord;;, cooks;
sSfsralters arid;^^others^ :.' ; J v .P.'-.CRpSE|jT.-*,;Cpi,
K. 625. -Sacrameritd ,st.-.-' -.'.-' jV.'L 1 .".;' I .' ..-¦'^ ";• ¦}¦;'- :¦
WANTED— Farmer and ¦ wife near, city, 'good
- steady position. $35 .'• and- fpund ;' 3 woodchop-
pers near City. $1 EO.per. cord: . W. D.,EmT4I
"'. & C 0..; 610 Clay.; st. .'-V"; '. .'- 1 : ..'.v^/.^r
FLATS ?¦ TO -LET.
WANTET>^-S millwrights for 8.. C; $4 per day
and board and fare paid ups :W. D. EWER
St.-.:.--; -V; :••:.-¦/ :..."¦• .
WANTED— Shoemaker, or / cobbler.'.to :.:repalr
-.'¦• Bhbes fpr- boys 'In an institution ¦ near r city,
¦ $20' per riiPntb with board.-. lodging and wash-
ing; night, cook, small restaurant, near city,
f arm ¦ paid, • $25' and room; .walters.'drthwash-;
era. and: 'others.- .. W; Ti. .B^VER; & ' CO.. 610
•Clay.st.;' >• >¦¦¦¦:¦. '¦¦.¦¦::¦ .'¦:¦. - ::.'.-¦ .¦:¦¦'¦:¦.
FOR' exchange for something valuable: Ban
.Jose residence, property; ; A. X,: SPERO. 2154
-' University ave.;- Berkeley.; Cal. •' -¦¦;•'¦ ... ¦";
EASTERN, woman; .elderly, ;.wlth. city referr
¦ . ences;' wishes, position as liousekeeper ; fond of
' children:- neat;, economical cook; small \wages.
• 2CB. fiteycrisbnV st,. ¦...'¦¦••.-,•¦; '.:-¦'¦'¦'¦.". '¦'.'¦¦.".¦¦' ¦:.¦' .'.'i
EXCHANGE.
AHSCL.UTELY th« oldest and largest houa*
.west «f Chicaro Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
-.16.. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st; pianos, organs and
'. all other musical instruments of ail grades
- and prices: terms easy; prices loweat: every-
thing possible don« to pleas* and satisfy th«
A SALOON on water 'Croni,'-. with '4. years'; leaiis,
fine Cxturee,- large stock,'cruahing' /business s
no better location on Eaet *t: splendid: chanc*.
K. O. WILKE; >06 Market.:at: ; i''.'"-'\->'.J^-''--.V':''.-
YOUNG .nursegirl. Swedish, .wishes sltuatlbn;
••aisd French, nursegirl,: gppd.. references; .first-
.-.-. class: Swedish, cook- and a strong;"' Swedish
.. woman desire : work by -the day; ' MRS^ NOR-
¦ ;i ;TON,-813...Siitter st \\%~ ':¦..'':'¦¦ :*J. -'"'¦¦ -. "\::f"'-: '>:¦;¦•)
AT : MRS;. 'LAMBERT'S, > 413 ; : Ppweil7 st; -¦tel--
.¦/Malri;.p332rHCompetentGeririan cook;: also:Qer--
¦ '.- mau. second girl, ; good seanjstrert;. await ppslW.
/ . ttoris. same .family;. clty^ or country; t>est refs.
AT MRB.: LAMBERT'S, ;>IB. PoweII;, tel, r Main
. .5332—2' .epinpetent second glriai • avra.lt; positions..
SITUATION. . wanted by ¦' a 'French: girl : as , a
'cook. In a- private: family- pr-upatalrs wprk;:
will.-furnlsh .the beatof reference; cciuntry -or.
city..-:. Call at-I3iB Buchanan' st.,- .between. 10
¦ a. ; m.;-arid.'2 p. m.-: -,"-'• ¦¦-".•';¦ :'¦• .' .•¦" '•:..•¦:'..¦•
at c:r; hansen & c0.'5^.. 104 geary st. :
... ; ;:. : . ...hotel ; ; department. ..; . .-;
"./S head waiters; ccuntry- hotels, /$5O;-Amei-icait
: head -cook; restaurant,-' $100; German .-¦head
cbok.- restaurant, south; $85; 2 FYench-speak-
'¦lng secpnd cooks, $60; chef and crew. for; suiri-
mer resort, $250: waiter and open oysters; $30;
waiters, $20,- $25 and $30: dishwashers, veger
¦•. tablemen;. $20, $25 and $30..v.vi...v.*V~V."...:
;..".».. '.....i.- MISCELLANEOUS .-...;..;.'....;*.
garig" of \teariisters and scraper; holders for
:ithe:C6ast road; free/ fare;;v.:v:..v..;^.>..rV.vv;
¦•'.'• Scandinavian; man- about.p lace,- $25: Scandt-
navlmn for coal yard. $2 a' day; 2 . pruners and
¦¦grafters '.s.26 and. board: W'woQdchoppersj ¦ see
boss' here; ; chcremen,;s2o; and; others.. e.-R;.
• HANSEN '&, CO.. 104 Geary st. • . : .
MASON; •..23i9^-Sunny.;. 9- roorris.vbeth,'. stationary
.-tubs; .'large- lower, part. with four' ¦ tails; rent
¦• $25,.; pr will ieircheapi:--- ! : :.y, ••¦•••. 'v.V -:¦' ".-
BOARDITtQ FOX CIMLUItBS.
LADY with grown : fairilly- wishes ¦. child -..to'
board; good home; reasoriat)sei • ';Box.-1091; CaiL
TO board— An Infant 'orV-smali '. childi', $10 : per
LOANS to salaried pepple. . TOUSLBY. 430 P*r-
V;.rott. bulldlß*.; . : -".y ;v''::V.-. : "*'.'• '¦'¦;"' ¦¦'::¦ •¦•>•"•'-! :- -" "••
TO ¦' let-T-Furriished •'- ori unfurniahed: " modern
•- house .- pf.' lo ' rooms,:',. -with stable In rear i 817
. : Union : sty. - Inquire" A.- 1 DECOUKTEUX. 623
EXPERIENCEp.' eteripgrapher, : . typewriter; and
. 'general 76fflc« . man;, Al-: references ••¦furnished.
:• Address box-SB 4. Call- offlce. •.;.- ;.---i! • ;• : ..'-' ,. •; .' :;¦;'¦
CHJNESB iarid- Japahese ' Employment ; Office^
. beft .'fiel.p. : . 414U O'Farfell :Ft.'.:'.tei. 'East 426, r
EXPE:jIT- : bookkeeper; Opening and. closing ..of.
¦¦-.Hooks,; -or ;permarient position:- desired.'.'.- Bpx
/.¦;1109;-:.CaU:office.:r;;::v. : ." .-. j:'-'--'':'.:". \ ¦¦:¦':¦¦¦¦¦ ¦.'.'-•¦ ¦>:•'¦;
A-^PRINTED. list: hpusea tolet; send for clr-
-. cuIaroG.\H.SUMBSEN&::CO.v ; I4 Montgomery^
BROADWAY. IS33;' ;betwten ¦ Laguria arid Bu-
". ihanar. »ts,-^-Elegarit. ; house- of 12 room* ;. bath,.
¦ '•; seryarits' robn%. : etc.-: : :riewly : renovated.' •: For
¦> further particulars-apply to ;G;H. UMBSEN 1
\ &',CO. .¦¦'l4-. Mpntgpmery ' sf ¦'-¦. ;¦; " :¦ , • ¦; : ; '•¦:.¦' '¦ ; *;.'¦
LAS PALMAS, lffO Market st-^£uite of J or. J
nns.: private; bath; sin. nns.;:. board optlonaJ.
HOUSES TO LET.
H AIG HT. 232— Sunny roproa ' with board i terms
reascrahle. • .".:' -. .':-.¦.- -:-':r--:-.-!V-i .-.;.':j:,V> *¦'}'' :'¦-'- ¦'¦'... !
FOR ¦ Baier^Flnest 'Brewster ¦yictpria,". coupe and
:¦.;•'^^f amll j" i.earrtate. -.¦¦ I.nsiject..- 1011' -Slitter .5t ,.[... ¦
HYDE, S?» (The Salisbury)— :t«i*e?:iinny.itcms
vrtth board; eh. suite or.s'.nrleT reasonable;'.' v l
ROOMINGtHOUSB, 29vrt>oms -and -bath; m'uat;
setli ill health..: ll2l Mission st ¦¦-¦:/:.<-.¦ l-y..'.
¦AT 126 Kearny. st; room. », respectable prtvat*
-place to- borrow en watches, diamonds; lowest
:.rates; take eleyator..: Tel. Davis 995. :
Off furniture and pianos without removal : quick
;• service: money. direct; lowest Interest Rooms
¦ : CS "and- O. Donohpe boiMlng.;ll7(> Market st
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and oa
¦furniture or pianos;' no removal; any amount;
lorrest rate*. BECKER. W Montgomery st
.>"• CAXp : :WA<IO>Si .;.:;. -\
TO close', estate :.the" itock .of ; 230 pew and;, sec-
..¦.ond -hand- -wagons,-, buggy,: carts. -and. over 150
. aetis ' of harness . wilt ;-¦- be : »pld -.at. half; -'costi / as
s : -the ,busine BS: must be.cloeed..":. 1140 Fplsoni st;
\:riearvi^irhith,:.:'' ; ;- v... '•'... '.r ¦-;' ~;¦~ ;¦ '¦¦¦1--1 ;¦;-••-•<;¦ *.- '-.;•¦
A— LA NORMANDIE, 228 Eddy: -.sunny eultes
and aingte rooms ; : new ho:u«e,:. ; : ii«W: -ccrpe : .ts;
new furniture: excellent : table ;./ prices inpdi
••HEL<3RAVIA HOTEL." Polk andClay^-Suri-
ny eultes: best board: 2, $;.O up: single, : $22. 50.;
A BRANCH;;of flee for. Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions ¦': has ¦ .-.beenv ' established -at . the
: -corner; of. Twenty-second arid .Ken;
4 '•; tucky , sta'-; -Open until 9 p< m,': ¦.¦..'.¦¦ ¦'. > ¦¦: ¦'¦¦/-":
nOAUD AAD ROOMS,
HOTEL FA IRMQt'NT, 1714 V Market—Elegant
new furniture : . first-class In . every ;':r«spect ;
table unsurpassed; hot and -cold water: ./ele-
vator: eultea. with t>oard . f cr. 2. ' $30 montii: .upi.
NEW family : hotel ; flr^t-clasV in ¦ ait;apppint-
tnenta; excellent : table ;>pesiai;induoements;. to
select people. .807 California, -tt; 1 - occupying
corner opposite Gra<^e -Chiifth.'. ';.'?¦-..¦; '•¦:: : 'i-:. : J:-y.
AYRE&' Busines»V.College. . 723 7 Market' at ; •':, life
.¦¦scholarship; :..sso;Vserid ; f or, '.ica talc uru (¦;¦.,; .. ./ ¦ :
ROUTE -of 544 -papers -on. this paperrfor.'saia.
Box «, : Oakland Postpf flee.. • -•' ¦.\-/ : /'.".'-:' : ;..-/¦
PIANO; .banjo,' .rriandblln.;/ 'reaspriabia- terms'-
• thprpugh:. Instruction.' .Studio, : : 40.5'.Gea^\:fU'47i
PAPER-HANGER'and painter, wants Abuses to
¦"¦papWr-.nr- paint; 'cheap; ; . has: .tools; -i Address
vbox'lOSl;- Call^cifflce.^.-'" ''.-•'-¦. v •7:.f- : '.;'-: ?;".-'-.•' -•' ¦' :'¦'
BRANCH bakery and candy store at yourprtce;
-..43S Third at --ry;:': ¦: •'->-. J- " : }-'¦:•:.¦¦.¦ r ' :V'- ':"¦•
FJiEN.CH;; : ;SpanUhV>tc..Prxjf.pe;Finppe'.s Acad-'
¦ 'em'y-pt- languag-es,-320 Post; c's 1 1S71 i'ablest prof si
GIRL • 'f or ;: general houaework .In', foreign faia-
:.-:-.liy r ;:,1527 Mason.; sfc ; ; , : ;- -..'C- .¦'.:"¦•:•-: ¦•-'.; •>.;:'•; 7,/..-'
F. K. MERZHACH; attorney at: law, .has re-
Fumed practice at CO* Cal. St.; -Cluriie bldg; •
FIRST-CLAS.S.'. upholsterer and carpenter "..will'
1 db'.'wa'rK^hptei;' lodging. or' private house.; Box
• ;2()75; . Call office. :¦•: ;'•'" :-•. ' .--: ' -irl-'.'-Vv-: ;:¦>:."•'•&
VlOlJN.mandoiln.guitar^Prof.-^erkii-Euecessir.
.'¦¦ fiil teacher, IQOS Mission: best m&thQdS, results;-
APVICE free; no charge unless succescful. - ' W.
W. DAVIDSON. ¦ 827 .'Market «t. opp.. Mason,
$800— GROCERY arid bar; NB.cor. Valley and
..Dolores ats. ; 6 /years' lease;; good- business;.
..; fine location. '. .' . : ?':'.' : ':,-°- ¦ • .-.-I--' '
COACHMAN.~*pmpeterit -man,: thoroughly^ ,un-:
-.'.derstarid.s.hls'.b.Ußlnesaln all branches.-deslfes
¦j'piprm.anent vsltiiatlonirf'-As'-.td references' 'and
V,.-:<iualifiCatipris.:addriess;C/.S.i 1022 Jackson sUV
CARPENTER, .flrst-clnss . mechanic, wants? a
;-sltuatlori.';.. Address CaSVi' Natoma. St.- " "/•. .?V ; -
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrtcal mining,
mech.. survey ;¦• assay; archl. ; day and even.;
est..lS64. VAN; pi? R. NAILLEN,. 933 Market
FIIUiT-CLASS. allrrpurid cook. . E. X.-.32 Fourth
' 'st. ¦' -;7iV,' : ",:'¦¦¦/ ';-....'.r- :.'.'¦'¦¦':.. • •¦' . -" f \- y ':.¦¦:¦
ALL .students -.but. two 'taking .full . 'course
this year got positions.' SAN FRANCISCO
BUSI NESS COLLEGE, . 1238 Market jit:: . ••' ' -
$1500 ONLY for long established bakery, candy
and ice cream carter, on principal street;
¦''''•old on account of death ---:of owner.' V.
GROCHWELL, 25 N. El Dorado st;; Stocktpn.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and ¦ fruit busl-
: ness on main thoroughfare, centrally ..Ideated
: in. city of Oakland-, clean atpek:. first-Class
¦¦' trader 'value' ln sight; no . agents. ¦.Address
bor 4«; Call office. Oakland. .-:\\ r-.-.';- --V-
FIRST-CLASS . talloresa i ' on; panu. . J7l. ; Bt*V<en7
¦ - Eo'n : "at;./:-rp<nn 2. ¦;'.-.'"';/:-. "'.¦'.' : :.-X-^ -.. '¦;*' :'¦''- .S
BARBER. wouId like a • steady" place'-.. evenings,
Wednesday. Saturday arid Sunday, ...'.Box ;loS3,
Call office.- ¦:¦.;.- ¦ ' " V.",V •"• '•' ; ••'.•- -• -
NEAT young *lri for general housework; small
...family; wages' >l2.'-:8711.--fclB>y^st" v '¦,¦¦-.-' '¦v.--... 3
NEAT young girl: for. general- housework;.-. 1
:: in. family; Bleep home.'. J7.63 Ellis .St.: ::•....
GIRL' or '"• Woman; '•¦ for; ileht ...; housework;./ good
j -home, ." Apply 346' Sanchez ; et..;''near Sixteenth.
YOUNG man wants position; good plain coplc
for some ¦ ranch or email mining camp.;' ;J.
• DARBY,: 114 Ellla et. ¦• ¦'. ' ¦ .'• V ¦; .:" ]' :.. ¦ :-"'A': ;
NEW. style Singer sewing machines; 5 drawers;
-oak: complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Poet st, 8. F.—
¦Practical courses In bookkeeping,- ahorthand,
'typing, •-. languages telegraphy. Englluh
•¦¦lirariches.."civil,. electrical and rnlnlns . er.gl-
:: ' •' neering. etc ; new $0-page catalogue free,.-
OLD bachelor desires employihent/orhls fpund;
state klndpf work expected*.: D. It, box 2513,
.-'• Call office. '-,; -. M .'.v ,;•;..;.-- :.* v
-WANTEDr-Young girl : for. light housework:
¦ small family.- 2504 Pine st ;••;.•..".- V-.-' .'•.•¦.,'" '.¦¦>¦
EUUCATIO.NAL.
OIRL to assist ln ; kUcheri work. .811 CFar^
¦ relict, • i,V •"•¦¦¦¦:.•-' .'••'•' '.-. ¦¦'¦'"..¦-'•••/'!¦•
GROCERY and bar; 4 living rooms; rent low;
price reasonable. Apply 455 Clementina; tf .-
YOUNG man wants work on chicken ranch:
¦ four years' experience in retail business; good
¦ poultry dresser; good raferfence.; Box 2074. Call.
WOMAN as dishwasher 'and/ help in kitchen.
-.IS3 Seventh st . .=.:-. -. v: '.;¦:¦¦¦¦'—'- ¦.'-'•.¦..¦¦ ¦¦:.'-,-¦
DRESS pants. $3 75; fine suit $10. MISFTT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 813 Montgomery st
$16iO— CASH corner grocery and bar: gocd
stock; fine location. Inquire 466. Castro st;
call bet ti and 7p. m. ¦-.-.. - - '¦ ": • ,'..'
MAN and wife want position to take care of
rooming-house. Call or;, address B. BORR-
. MANN', 848 Mission st" ' '.•¦' : ¦ ¦'¦"'¦ !. ¦¦ . '
HANDS with' factory experience to- make 'wrap-
pers -at. home; also inside hands: '109. Battery,
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor;- 5 loccmottvea. 220 Fr»mont.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertfsements and
' .Subscriptions has' b;en- established at -1094- "Va-
¦'.-.lencla st ¦¦:'¦ ,-¦'¦;¦<'¦.=:¦¦¦:•'¦.•:¦ - :•-•-•-• ".:.;¦:¦.".
TWP-SptJa pups for sale, reasonable: also V»
¦l\ laying h#na. .«7 Third at". -'./ - .-: -.. : --' ¦ : ..-'-.'-.'-
NEAT ''•¦¦respectable ; »lrl' to wait: on table and
1 do .chamber .-work f or ¦'. Berkeley. '.'Apply *08
Geary 5t. ... ¦r-" : ;x- '"¦ ¦¦''.- :f ~ '•.•¦-•"/'¦ ••'¦¦ - -.-: -"••%-• -"••'•
A : BRA NCH « f fice 'for: Call advertisements . and
/.subscriptions .: : :.has - : been>-; established -at " the
j.nerthweStVcprher •«f:Twffnty-f»ecpnd "arid Ken-
¦¦.¦ ; :tucky : sts;;;'-open ; till ••'.'¦ p^;v in.;; ':¦: '-.::f -¦'..'• '¦'¦¦'¦¦' ' ¦¦'¦¦
ANTONIO STRADIVARIUS violin at a bar-
gain. V Plaza Loan Office; 7C3 Kearny st.
RESPECTABLE Vglrl, wishes a place to assist
-.-;¦- with: 1 housewprk'-: prV: caro \ol-. chlldren. : --\ Call
;V;164i4/:;Teliama':st;.;:n;ear ;Fourth. -y'V--.; -.'¦
EXFERIENC^P: German orJ Swedish ;girtf or
• oookingv' and iight :houseworkj 'small family.
-ll30':'ElllsABt:.':': : . ¦¦¦;•¦¦;.:. '^.J-.v •'.:;:• •/-- ¦: :'.•;':: ••;¦¦-. .": : '...
MEN \and ¦' '; wpriieri '.to;,. to;, lea mV barber ¦. trafl.e t;' d?ty
,;.arid evening "'.classes".^ Expert Instruction^ at
; .8, , F.. .BARBER 5CH00L... 741A/Ho;war4 st;;.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. SSO Market.
200 SINGLE' furnished :roomS;':':10c;' : 15d-arid; 23c
•:;;p>r-n)ght.;Llnden,;.;6th.and Iloward: reoo^ rnt
SET of teeth without plate. -. DR. H. •¦ O.
young. 1841- poik 5t. .•..; ;; -:¦¦¦ ¦ ?.<•
LUMBER, glass and wood cheap thla meraln*.
. .'-221 ; Sansome st ':¦>"-:;-.-¦. ¦".-/ ' ¦'
PENSIONS-^J. H. SHEPARD & CO, ,"'•' a ttor-
::¦ '.."."•,: neys. Hearst bid?,,; Third and Market
ItELP ot iall nationalities to fill various -po-
' ;sltlpria. : . MRS. LAMBERT; .413 Powell st; V .
WANTED^Unincuhibered lady; as' liousekeeper
• --In.'- widower's family; plain' cooklnj J .6 W fam-
' '.i'ily.r ffood- home.:- ¦¦ Call, or- address 843 •.Franklin,
' : \";»t.V-.'"GakJani'.~v.=..c'-.': : -i ''.•'¦;':¦ -'v : -;.-.;.. •.'•Vv:-.%' ','.;
WANTEPr-idO men to try i pur We : breakfast,
'. dinner &r supper; best in city.., iOi McAllister.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; Uvlngrooms in
-r«ar.,Call at 1743 Market st . _•:". .= '•."••.-/, : •->•
A— s3 50 DERBT and F*dora hats, $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 830 Kearny st. nr. Pin«v
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters for
•¦•shipsat HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart sf -.. : r- .--.-.
FOR sale— Chop house doing good buslneaa. 402
Dupont «t ¦ • '. _^ "'" ' -. --• . '- '.-¦
BARGAUn" for buying or selling ealpona or any
business; fair treatment Liquor Dealers'
Journal. E2SH California at. room L
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced t»
$160; concert records. $5 50. BACIOALUPL
923 . Market st , San Francisco. . '-•» --:.'-_
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that F.d RolkiTi. Reno House proprietor, still
. runs poreyer House, 217 Third. st; 150 large
¦ rooms; ;250 ; r.er .-night; $1 to (2 per week.
A' NURSB, -boy -4 years -old," • and seamstress;
; . must -have references; $20. M 153 CULLEN.
. 825 Sutter st.:v.v- ; .:- !•".:•>";•;;":.;¦¦ ....< : - ...-¦ •.•;;:
A REFINED Irish or American nurse girl; $12}
yjgood place. MIS 3 CULLEN. 325 Sutter st •¦:.-
COOK." Ban Rafael,: $35 see party here 9 o'clock;
¦ '. chambermaid and -seamstress " $25; .waitress,
: $26< second girl, .$2O; two cooks, $30 and $25;
: . cook, 2 -in' family, $23} 25 house: girls.' J25 and
$20J house girl;. Oakland; $25, no washing;- 2
. nyrse girls. . »20 and $15. MRS. NORTON. 313
-.Butter '.- •¦•.• '< - -. ¦¦¦:.¦'¦::''¦ '-::¦¦.¦'¦¦<:¦¦¦. :-'^' •.:'-¦-'.
STRONG and competent Woman' wishes -to work
by the day. Apply 60 Third St." ¦:'.'•¦¦-•" ¦ :-..'•:
NEAT rouns glrl'wlshes a. place to. jasslst. ln
light housework. Call at £93 Sixth st. ••-.;-
FOR SALE— Sthconer Prosper: 28 tons; suiUbl*
for Alaska trado or Cane Nome; schooner at
Mission 2. Apply Immediately to ti. LIECE3
& CO.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wants a- place In a
small family l cannot speak' very .much, En-
glish, but is a good worker I $15:. Please write
to 1029 De Haro st, city. •.•¦.'• ''¦'¦""¦¦ •'-..- ¦ =
.VRS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirron.
bought, sold and exchanged. 10« Mission st
WOMAN wants housewprk by the dayl refer-
ences., Address C. H.. 611 Taylpr st ¦...-.- \
STEADY man and wife can have free rent In
. exchange for housekeeping service; give ref-
e rence. Address box 1106, Call. . •
.*;,. ¦ r ;¦ DEXTISTS.\ ¦"/:..: . "•'.;• ;'.
A— DR. T. B." maaiNS' d-^tal r 927
. ' Market st, pver Cafe Zlnkand— T»«th extract-
v.v ed '.without pain by use of electricity, gas or
. chloroform; also by local anaesthetic* applied
to the gums; the best and most artistlo dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from Jl up; other fillings from 60c: badly de-
cayed te»th carefully treated and filled -or
crowned without pain: plates that fit ¦ from
$4 CO up; open evenings and Sundays. :'.,.-¦--
A FULL ret of teeth on a rubber, plat*, $3; "a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $26| teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted f or . W
years; fillings, 60ci crowns, $3 DO: all work
balnless and warranted. Chicago Pental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st •
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done palnlesslyl teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$! 60 up; plates, extractions-free; $4 SO up| of-
¦ flee hourSjß a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, Jto 2
p. m. 0. W. WILLIAMSON, M. ti.. Manager.
;—;; — ; notice •¦•¦• .' .- .¦ ¦
1 — -etenbekg & co.-
.. — — . —Have Removed to — . ¦¦ . , '.. .. — —
. tX> Market Street, r—-
Over Hala Uros.* —
GOOD waiter wanted, j 134 Third st
EMPLOVBIEUT WAHTED— FEMALB.
WIDOW with daughter (12) wants respectable
situation as housekeeper; any part of South-
ern California: gopd references. - Address box
1607. Call of ace. ; . > '-¦¦".- -
COOK— Experienced German ladjr desires posl-
tlpnj. German and American cocklngj no
washing. Address MRS. . SCHMITS, . 673
Twenty-second, st, Oakland. •'¦'¦'•
ncsixmss chaxces- co»ttmi*d.
HELP WANTED AQEJITS.
UO-HOTEL AND BAR. ' .:.
¦ • .;•:" '--.•.' .Clearing about $300. ¦¦: .- . :¦
: •' .-. FINE LOCATION. ". -.•¦:,:
'•.•¦•.'¦ Cheap rent— Price $5«0. .".¦•;¦.'
'•• '¦¦• •: •'. ". $1800 can remain at .-•.' ' ¦. '
' •'•."" • ¦ 6 per oent Interest ' ¦ • •'
For sale only by DECKER.. 1020 Market.
COLLECJTIOX OFFICES.
J.FRANKEL; law and collections! real estate.
Insurance, investments, etc Room 79; 120
•Butter st. ¦ . : ; -
MEDICAL.
THE SAIST rRAISTOISOO OALIi, THURSDAY, 1, 1900.
HELP WANTED MALE. ,
SIGN painting; boy or young man: steady
work. 79 Third st
ELEVATOR man wanted at ti Stockton at
GEORGK AY. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 527 Market St.
WANTED— A waiter, at the Park Hotel. IS3O
Halght et V : ->
WANTED— Day cook at 123 Seventh st J call
early; go to. work at 7 a. in.
WANTED— Good brushmaker. 1613 Polk st
METAPHYSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy.
oeculUKm: free clinic Tues. evg. 205 LurktTT.
YOUNG girl would. like situation as chamber-
• ." maid .or . seamstress! hotel preferred.-.. Box
2076. can . of fice. ; - ¦¦.•.-. '• • ".: ". - ; ';
COMPETENT rellabte German woman ¦ wishes
housework by the day; no heaxj waehlngj |1
per day and- car fare^ 114 Fourth street: :¦
REFINED young iady, gopd sewer». would like
position . as cartipanfoit for a lady f .Bat . 110-1.
, Call offlce... ,•¦;'.•-.: .; : -. '.; :¦:¦ : : - ¦> :: J K.r r-r\r -r\
YOUNG colored woman would like position as
lady's maid; is willing and neat sewer* ; Box
¦ lilt. Call offlca. 1 '.-% ;.. '¦W----.-'-.- : '-:-r2: Z
jiisks a> D^J*"-^s^";
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers: quoted pn Pacific Stpck Ex-
change; 63 cents per share or monthly Inatall-
mer.t»: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St. rooms S-7.
SALKSMANT ' wanted— Successful anbaeriptlsn
: book salesmen will laarn ot raro opportunity
' by addressing or calling at 927 Market zc .
• room M 2 .. ¦ , .- . - • ¦.•¦ =
MISCEt.LA.NKOIJ»--yOK SAl<lfl »
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, IM7-10TM021-IE3 Mission
st. abov* Sixth.
NEAT young German girl wishes . situation aa
nurseglrl, ; Call at 1540t4 Howard. fct. ¦ ' ¦
YOUNG German girl wishes • place to flo Hgbt
housework.' I£3 Silver, bet Third and Fourth.
DR. GEORGE \V. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell »t. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2t bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received t first
! prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
STRONG healthy young V woman! would"; like
situation as welnUrse; references given. Call
, at 210 Clara st., in the : rear. ••;--* ¦.-• '¦.':' •'¦"¦." ""•¦-."
BOY'aboot .16 years of age for men's furnlsh-
".ing' store..- .Address b<rc 1C55. Call office.
JEWELERS wanted. Apply J2J Bush at, third
•'.' flppr; -room 4. ¦":. ¦•-•'.¦¦.:"¦¦,¦";•••• :-' :-:-•: • . . ."
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
1 Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and flillnM a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. ,
I'AKIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
WINCHESTER House. U Third st; hear: Ma-
rket: 200 rooms: 250 t0. 5160 night; $180 t«i $«
week: convenient and respectable: frea-, bus
fend baggage to an» from ferry; .-,? °--.-.';.',-.'.' :: ..'~
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Uo,nor
Dealers' Journal, 539»i California st, room 1.
CLABPIFIED advertlsementa andsubscriptlpns
received at Call branch offloe, 2200 Flllmora st.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS, 233 Valencia; dental
work reas. : painless extraction; hours i to 5.
TWO 'waitresses,'.' $25,-.' private ¦¦ familyj.-.nurse-
.;¦ girl, $20j general housework 'girls,; $25,' MRS.'
.CATTELL,. 625 Eighth." st ;;, Oakland.. ."; : -, .;:. ':¦ .',.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advert»sementij:aml
subscriptions has been established at IOW-.ya-
' tenoia et. -,- : ¦.-:••¦;¦•:..-¦:.:•¦ "••'
GENTLEMAN with extensive shipping oonneo-
tion in Sydney. N. S. W., would like to rep-
resent good American house at that port Ad-
dress WORRALL. care J. J. MOORE &. CO..
416 California nt.'.S." P< ¦.•¦ .-"•-.
VAN \'EooM— "Painless*' ;° evenings and aun-
days. ICCI Market st. corner Sixth.
LOWKST prices' ln 8. F.:, work warranted 10
years. JC. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cpr. 6th.
FOR sale— St. Bernanl dog. O Bush st.
MEAT market for sale cheap; owner retiring
irom meat business. .; . Address or Inquire - It.
- A.. ICO Clinton Park.:' :;..¦.•.;¦". .. ¦ ¦.¦-.¦..¦
WANT to buy or rent a road house In or near
Sonoma County ; open or closed. ' Address L.
R.. box 1506. .Call office: %.. ¦;¦•.'¦.•• .¦.:.'•¦,
FOX-TERRIER -paps, ••thorougEbT^. nicely
; marked. '.for sale:': reasonable. 2721 Sutter at.
FIRST-CLASS bakery end confectionery; good
location; doing - gcod buslneaa. . Inquire Call
offlce. ¦•¦¦ .¦¦.'•;¦¦'•¦ •:•..•• . ..' • ::' -,' : ;¦¦''"..-.¦>
.' - : V O 9 HOSPITAL; ;• ; -•» ¦
DR. BTJSARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmora—
AdTdceand medicine 75c; rlty-vlslta $1 50; all
animal* treated: <3oga boarded. Tel. West 636.
PLANING mill and lumber yard in this city
for sale. Bpx 1117. Call offlce. ¦ •;.¦•;¦¦
BARBER ahop for sale; good location. 7»«
Geary st. -./: ; ' ¦;'.<:¦. -.¦;•."•: . • •".
DRC3SMAKEKS AA'O SEAJXSTRESSKS
S. F.- Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French' tailoring system taught 805 Van Ness.
BTENOGRAPHER': and-,- typewriter ¦ wanted.
; Address R;i... box 2312, Calf'- office,' ;; ..... :. "\- ¦:
¦WIRE frame .makers' arid apprentices. 'Apply
R08T. : L..-.TOPLITZ .&. CO., :C49: Market st , : .
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary. st; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit
GERMAN of 80, stranger in California, seeks
position on private place! best care taken of
stock and grounds. A, T- MORSTADT, 11
Silver at . .-, •.¦..¦¦¦¦; :,• . • ?- •¦'•
FOR rent In Petaluma, a fine new store with
plate-glass front; suitable for dry goods, mil-
linery or candy; first -class ' business opportur
nlty; best location in town. See owner .at
. 1587 Folsom-'ct, San Francisco.: , ; .
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
"tem: easy payments: evg.. classes.'. 103 Post. ;
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc—For; Sal*
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
: - ing.plnklns. 121 Post, over O'Connpr & Moffat.
$250— RELIABLE partner wanted; a paying
cash business;- no ; experience /required. ¦¦ Box
. BS3. can. - •;/ ¦•' ¦:•¦ = ;Hr- :¦".".¦;.•¦•'."••¦ •
$100— RESTAURANT; Fplendid stand;, scld on
account elcknees. 1333 Park st; Alameda. .'.
A' SCHOOL in. physical ¦' Culture' and : swimming
.for yourig men, young ladies and boys; superb
¦'"gymnasium and ¦ hygienic' -bathing facilities;
.calt water and fewirtimlng tank. Y. M. C. A.,
.•¦.- Mascn and Ellis $ts, • "'The wise for cure on
' exerciee depend.'* -,- ¦.-•-,•. '¦¦ ¦' ' .- ". • '•• -" .¦'
FOR saJe, in a town or 7f«o Inhabitants, wtthtri
•0 miles of San Francisco.' and -having the
b?st prospecta/pf any town on- the coast.' a
furnishing- goods business, carrying a' stock,
of $30<Xi: wjll be sold for ccst' Address box
MOSS. Call. :' . :'," • -.:., ¦:." .: .¦?':. y.~ : '¦'.¦':¦¦ ¦'¦'¦'. '¦:
WOMAN "or. girl;, light housework and -care ff
¦ child;. ;¦ 46 Harriet, at; upstairs. •¦ /¦ ¦•:'••/. ¦¦:.¦-'
JOSEPH ..GREVEN.'lristru'ctbr of several of
our best- local- talent, fa few ofthem success-
ful teachers thetnselvea) -can develop beauti-
ful, strong voices' frorn : ' the- - smallest and
faultiest Iri *hort time. 1236 Market St.; r. 121.
JAPANESE, honest boy, desires situation .as
> .schoolboy In a small fariilly; epeaka English.
: T. S.. £07 'Polk st .¦" :•.-". *•".- '. " '.' "¦•¦'....•.-.
WANTED— Good German girl for upstalra work
: , and children, r ; . Cb.ll- 3601 .Clay; st:- ¦*,:-/¦'¦; ¦': •; .-'.-
BOOKKEEPING -^-.Neither time nor money
wasted: most thorough course on earth; rapid
.calculations.- Tarr, exp.'.:aceount. Flood bldg..
AMERICAN girl for light housework. ;-lClsMis^
: '*iori;st' ; '-' -.v. : :'-:' : -'~'-..:-v : ."'' . : '•:'; : : . ¦-.".¦¦: ; ;-.- *¦•"•'•¦.!•¦' /.;
JAPANESE ;-wantß-' first-class '.--laundry or any
. work in- kind family; wages $25.up. MITOYA;
box 2191; Call office. .'•: ¦-•:'.¦ :••> ' •: yV~'j'^
WANTED— A restaurant outfit; will . pay 25
. per cent more than .dealer. Apply. .227 : . San
Carlos aye.. /. >..;¦'¦ '.~. . ; : ' -, - -. : -.- :
¦VyAlt RESS-~sls - per month : and . room. *15 Valr
Vencta"at."':..- : J-' '¦vy.'.. * ¦'-:• 'y-.'y ¦*.'.¦¦:'¦? ''. •"¦> : ""'-: V-:-
; girl.: 16, to assist housework and baby,
v 1223 Buchanan st. near Turk. ••'..,>. -. ''-v.." .-y
SALESLADIES .wanted during • the sale : at Ai
. CAILLEAU.:S., 114*118 .Kearny. St. ¦-. .- .'v-.'-
$10S0-SALOON; O'Farrell-st corner;' safe; .6
boxes, piano- room; -no agents. Address box
'MIS 2 .: Call office;;^ ; ' ¦ '¦'•• : -..- • -. ¦;" .'.' y
A^SINGING,' piarip.v French.- Spanish: Parisian
'. -graduate.- J2. .imp:. '530 o;:G..ave.^r. 6; hr."2 T !r. ;
SCANpINAVlAN Jservarit girt (Ca11. 2408; Butter
:¦ atreetj-:' ./• -¦•>?';':-. ' ! . ';?.£. --Va'.X -¦'"." ;'.'. :'* x': :¦¦¦¦
OIRL^/warited ;r 0 V housewprk at 117-. Bartlett st
CLASSES :fri. : Geriniu;.: French-." : Spanish: / $2" per;
';'. month;. '.'.Addi' .Langtiage-Teacji.er,- ' .804/ Tayfbr.'
A.-FIRSTtCLASS • hairdresser 1 , wanted! ...also .'an.
.-•apprentice; .'..-; paid -;- whUe'- learning.'. ; ; CO3-
/¦' .GROVE?S -.: 1410 •'Polk- «t : : .'*"-' ¦:;¦•.-" ...~ : . ¦¦¦."•."¦ ' .:¦¦
SiTUATipN-^wartted'.- byv- -jrourig.'".--. single- man;
¦ age. 30 .years; ,flrat-clas'sr:> grower.-'- of roses,
.' carriatlona '-'and '•¦'- chrysanthemums- '-. and:; good
. .•¦propakatpr;-. .tert years' In. last -ppsltlpn-:
i -from : the Kast; • could. ; fill ay; private '••'. place;
f best :rof kroner. CIIAS A. BRUNGER, ; Bell
|: ConserVator'y.:CbiTiji;i ny, . Sacramerito. '• Cal.- ¦ . V
40 HORSES for eale:,' also wagons ; buggies;
• 'cartK... harness. .Grand Arcade. Horse Market;
. 827 .Sixth st; auction, sales: every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers:;'. ? ? .
50 ' HEAD- fine draught 'arid ' driving . horses .at'
.1621 and 1825 Market st.V b»t. Twelfth and
"'Brady: .aiso'. : : some, .-fine matched, btack teajfns.:
BEAUTIFUL bay "surrey -v horse* ;8 Tears.;, per-.
'•¦fectly. sound; party lea.yliig State;.lnvestjgate;
weight 1250. Call at SO3 Sutter st.. 10 to 12 ny
BIG black. horse, $i 0; side swing top. buggy, $20;
• road; cart, $12. '.'- 19 City Hall aVe. ¦:'.;;;. ;/.;v C-
FpR-sale^-Cheap. .brown, team,-' l* 1^: 10 years
;pId..DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Q. G. aye.
:. : lIpChKS— LODGING— FOIt SALE.
;¦..:'.:¦;7.-..;; ¦. .: '. :¦; 7. -. .; is-room house ox gear y. . .¦.¦.•'«; 4 ;
:>.i.V:..:;.New. Elegant Upright Piano,: :'.:.,*;>.
. - -", ;.v. ;'.', •: '.-. Good ¦; furniture ; clears ; . $100.'.. i,. 5^i,'.*,
'/Price: .slsoo.'. ¦•¦' '-:'¦ DECKER, JQ2O .Market" its \
wV."."'£.--r..i26-R6om "House. Worth ' $iQ00»; : ;i";;".-;-;;i :
' ; Price;' s4so.';.. ."¦:;¦ 1020 Market; sty ;.
.;' 10 rooms; .oni-./Taylor st:, worth .$BOO-.....; '.450
: '82 '•'¦•• rooms :. : corner; 'clears -. $150;,. V:.; w i'. . »; :¦ . 1600
¦,:'l9-robn*. flat; • iplears :SKO,:V-:.-.;,'.:. : ..,;;.v;; r .:ii';'sOo
¦' Corner' on Market;- Clears $409; 104 ropos^i"- 4S00;
.JJearCall -Pfflce; wprth $20C0; '.29: roon»a.;: 1200
.-' ¦"¦ Mod. housej'.releVi'. '¦¦• -cleara $SCO:-84^rpotiis.' 6509
,'¦;•-. Call.;- i can: suit you > in terjis.
i price; and locations money to loan
¦;,' ON ANT HOUSE; TELEPHONE JOHN Ci.
/-. : iL C...DECKER.; 1020 Market ;st r ppp< Fifth.:
$300—21 ROQMS ;. good location • alt rented. : j '-: ¦: r
: $425^-22.rc<>ms;-allrented:-:rent:s3sa mpntn;':;-
- $?50 ; ri2B:robrris:r i 28 : robrris: north,.of.:Ma,rket st : lbw rent ¦-
• $950-^-40 rpQms'r'. all rented;-, rent $7». : monthi; :¦¦';
..sl2o(>-r«.-TOom^:-:.rerit..:sloa-;;V BASILB;- J;:Eddy.;
B-/ H^WIN:STpN:&-cip;',./102«-:Marlcet::st. '¦'^¦"¦¦¦r-
. -22;:rooms:- : rent.. $75;'. clears "¦.$75;.-Vprily;vii .:.;¦- $850
¦ : '/40 Croiwris r rerii. $120;'. good ; location ¦. .'. . ii, .:¦' 2oCH)
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEX-
¦ MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
;.. ; jttISCKI.Iu\NEOUS» WANTS.
TVA^'TED— Small second-hand tent, complete.
:;Apply at 'once, to" MR. QIBB3. 13 East at
• GOOD 'second- hand piano: must be cheap; cash;
:/no dealers. .Box UC2. Call. . .-.-: ¦
WANTED— Delivery wagon: second band. H.
':',OJi THOMPSON^ 603 California at
GOLD quartz rock, fpr Jewelry: $23 per os. for
cold In it 323 Bush st.. 3d flopr. rocca 4.
.^4 . ?;¦;:.: mosetHto 10 /ls. : \
AVOID delay; try all others,: then see me: $S0
. to, $100 r 000v. 6 per centrist. 2d or chattel mort-
.: gages, estate* In probate, undivided taterestain
¦¦ estates; legacies and mortgages bought: advice
Ttand money. furnished. P. A. Dolan, 833 Market.
-AXY: amount. at 8 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
'':: gage*,.'. undivided interest real estate In pro-
:'. bate; 'mortgages and legacies- bought; no da-
'"« lay; get my terms bef'ire doing bualnes* «I»«-
y; wherev ¦; JU McCOLOAN. 2t Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY:/ respectable ¦ private place to obtain
: :.- liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
- :'<est: rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 546 Market
: : . St.:: tel. Main ISM. Eranch 13 Third st .
KHORTH AND- taught' 1 perspriany arid.-'byymalli
'.¦languages; ¦ 1I1b« -M';- .G.- ..Barrett' 802 Ilptstgyy.
BOOKKEEPING; art thm.ftlcV.gr'^nii7>ar;wrltl'ng;
: day .'and night; terms low. 1024 MiESipn; rir. .6th.
ACTING- arid yaudeville '": peb'pl.e. ,piit. c:i itaLge.,
v. -.Haliett; -.Lyceum .Theat«sr.:'.Slo p"Farrell: at,/..
WANt.KD t^'rerit.or wprici on black-
- milth 1 . ;or. • pluriiber ¦ shpri-.in . the .-country, by
¦ 'competent 1 ali-arourid: mechahlp.. '.'Address: A«
¦; : B;,:CiayrBt ; ; wharf, care -of- steamer Gerieral
'':::McDorw«U; ; ; ; V.. .¦/¦¦¦-'•¦;"¦• .•'••,¦;•.' •" ;--?-"\'v ¦">:'::.¦
DANCING; .baltrobrri or -" stage; tjulckiy taught ;
.-' priV.. or cl.asfl. Barker's; Academy..'. 92?: : MisB°ipri.'
WOMEN .and Rlrls on st«un power. tewlnj ma-
¦;•¦ chines ;"exp>ri«riced'. oi'/lnexpcrienced.-. Shirt
'/Factory.. 28V4' Fremont sf: elevator . V. .'-.-.:
ILaPiES'.. cipaks.' BUltsJ. : -$l per week: ' Eastern
Outfitting. Co., .1308 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH of lice - for.- Call' advertlaeriaents and
subscriptions has been established at. 1098 ;V»»"
. lencia"st.".v,V '¦¦.:¦.''.'¦-. ; ---V '•¦-¦;•• I--'- ¦/¦¦:'v-' ¦¦-¦'.'¦
EXPERIENCEp. stenographer and bookkeeper
; wants • position: has acted as ¦.Becretary.- for
: ; two. yejir.s.-- Address box- 1099,.- Call/. pfflce. '• ' : .
A BRANCH' cf flee for the .receptlon-of adver-;
> tleements and aubscriptlona haa • been cp«i>?£
: at;l223Polk aH.open tintil: 9. p. m. . .-- ,•; " : " :
IIANDY- rriah, wants steady' work at
;; anything;: factory,; whPlesaie hpuse/pr; ranch;
¦reliable. ; ; Bpx 1113,. Call Pfflce. :•: >¦>: ¦¦'-;¦;'. j-.v
EXPERIENCEp hotel : man, • clerk, /bookkeeper
: or "'.caterer.'' desires 'position;: moderate, salary;
•Box. 1109, Call /of flee, -C : -:^': :¦'¦: '-. ; ';.-'".- •.-';;:;¦
::¦:';{: y;::
A JAPANESE, and Chinese emplpyment office;
'.'JJO.'3O- Geary Et.; established/over 5 years,' re-
• .moved to 421 Ppst fet, near: Powell. : GEO.
; ACKI,' -'.telephone Bush 1351 -•;". ': .'•¦;'•. : .' . ; '-\. '.'.-.:
PRPHEUM Employment Of flce^Japanese.'ChtT
.:'.'rie«|e,...42B P6well;.'.near. flutter;. tel; ,BI»c.k:lS21,-
,NEW. arid idrharid wagons, buggles.'ca.rta and har-.^
••¦/ ness, ; wk; &,¦ <Irivihg;;ho.rses;-vl6th : and yatencla,
ALL kinds, oil. wagons,' bug-klesV;'carts,':harri'ess. : '
..etc., cheap. s EGAN; *• SON. 21i7/ Mission st
AT 1H per "cent per month, oa : furniture. 1303
v.-Polk. St. vOTTC>;MAJC-:-;" ;.; : ;^;^,-.— : - : ; --. •-¦
MAN, -• understalnds • thoroughly -the'. wine.' and
; , liquor ¦•bueiriess,'-.wlßhes. i posltipnt .best' x*tex~
¦.Prices. •..'Aildre'|3-..bcx .382.. pall of flee.-... -¦•.." . : . ¦ "'¦
¦STEWARpV' "just ;".frpm-.\ the -East; .would
; position . Jn 1 hotel ' pr-. club ;. . has had experience
': in': golf;- -yacht -and city -plubs; ¦ Al .'references;'
r-B6x.iii4.- Call.:- .office.' -..•';... v'.',':;-;.-'.;.; .-.;-; ; >.V-.v- ; '
MIDDLE- AGED pian. wishes : situation ; ; care
¦ Of /horses. and; dp. garden : work;- small: waces;
••'.'city'. Teferenees;;;- Address .b0x X1123,. Calli :'•¦/...."«.'
LAuNpRYMANi 1 - country ¦• laundry; : .'•' washer,
.country laundry;. $30.- and found; :• : waiters,:
= •• city arid 'country; $25';-cobks,.s3o--ahd.)-to:'.yeK-'
f etablehian, $15. ¦ MURRAY & RBApY,.B34and
¦; ; 63SvClay."st. ;;'.\:' \.'^'..:- '. : •*".'.'". \-.i -i> '-.:-'; •'-•.•-i':
TO salaried men: without collateral or mdorser.
I -S.F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelaa btxlldlng.
$S0 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg*.;
; ' any. proposition. . ¦ DRTDEN, 4U ¦Montgomery.
ON furniture,'- 'pianos,.- ¦ without removal: .no
.V commission; ;' prtvate. LICK, Its McAllister.
IF 'your property .!¦'. mortgaged and you nee 4
.-nior» money se#H. MURPHY. 830 Market st
¦YOU/NG.. Japanese -.wants.'' to'; do; any kind .of
; ¦ ¦wprK-vgardenlng-pref erred-.': Box i102,.-.Call. -• :;
WANTED— By '.yourig-'man who ¦ speaks : and
¦•; .'-writes- Erigllßh,. German and Spanish,, position
-/in store or. otherwise; buslriese. experience and
'...best references;, willing; to ..go '.to Mexico; Man-.
v ila-pr,' elsewhere.. '.Address H.; B;., Call .office;.
CLASSIFIED: advertis'enrienta/ and subscriptions
•-. received.at Call: branch. ofHce, 2200 Flllmore at.
A.'.BRANGH--bfflce.. for -Call' advertisements and
:*ubacriptlons : .. has been., established, at thu
j northwest cbrrier.of and Ken-.
• : 'tucky..ets,;.-'ppen •t'll.l-.9;p..--m;.."./. ". -. . ' ••:•• ' ..v
A'BRANCII offlce for ' th*. reception, of adver-
-., tl*ements and subscriptions has been . opened
at 1223 Pplk st; Open till 9p. m. .: :
GEO."' MAYERLE,- German': expert optician;
. "; 1071% Market . St.: examination free; German
:¦ eyewater -by" mall; EOc.--" Phone, Mint '257.'. ¦ '•¦
BKAUTIFULLY Illustrated bopk; by ' pending
•..•.address to lock boy 843. LcsAnajeles." Cal."; -..
10MARKET. IC2S— Two rooms, .partly, furnished
for housekeeping. J6; single rooms S3. "-•'
I EtTNNT connected rooms furnished for house-
mVIUEMJ -NOT ICtJS.
DIVIDEND Notice— dividend No. 101 (500 per
chare> of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANT will be payable at the office of the
cempany. 2?7 Market st.. on and after Thurs-
day, February 1, 1900. Transfer books will
clcfe on Friday. January 2«. 1900. at 8 o'clock
p. ttt. E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
LOVELT Mlllbrae rllla tract; fenced: trees;
¦cnmpitit . water works.' BUTTERFI ELD, .'tzi
Market et. . ; •-..
OAKLA.M) KBAI, ESTATE.
£0 CAFH. J8 50 monthly till. paid. for: chicken
run. IS<lx2j6 feet: Bandy loam soil; plenty of
• pood water; level land; site, climate and soil
-' the best'; no fogs nor col* winds; 8 buildings
j now completed i Westali Tract, adjoining East
Oakland.: close to . electric car line, W-foot
¦' boulevard 'and fine school; price, all told, 8590.
-Call or >end for circular; 455 Seventhst., near
corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES, owner. ".". -. .... .
AMERICAN LINE.
HSW TOBI. SOOTHAMPtOH. LOIfDOJf. PASIS. .
¦' Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound..-. »-• ' .-,,
¦ From New Tork every Wednesday,: 10 a. m. ¦
St. Louis.... .."Jan. 31 St. L0u1a.;....;.Feb. 21
St.Paul..;.*.;....Feb. 7 Frlesland ..:.... Feb. 23
New T0rk,......Feb.:14 >few Tork.. ....March "7
:: -,; RED STAR: LINE, : ;
New Yorl^arjd Antwerp.
.From New Tork every Wednesday.- li noon.-'
Eouthwark Jan. 31|Noordranii ..iV.'.Feb. 21
Westernland ....Feb. 7 Frlesland ..i..i.Feb. 2S
Kensington .....Feb. 14| Southwark ..'..March 7
"••¦ : '" "rV" ¦' EMPIRE LINE...' ¦;'•;:. -.-...; '-...
". Seattle. St. Ailcbacl. Cawson City. \
For full Information regarding freight, and
• .. passage apply: to:'.-.-: ' -:' .- .-: •
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
- 30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies. ...
7:30 amj 8:40. ami. Novato. ..- 10:40 ami 8:40 am
8:30 pmf 9:30 am! -Petalum-a. : S:C3 pm 13:25 am
6:10 pm! C':.CO pci.|- Panta Rosa.'. "-3i pmf 8:23 pm
.-¦:¦- Leave ..'¦:.¦•¦.¦=.¦,"•¦¦¦.'• :'••'¦...'¦••; '¦¦ : :\ Arrive
San Francisco.' In; Effect '£ . San Francisco.
<"¦ .-.:¦'¦¦¦- -^— . ,Octbl»er IS,;: - — -— -t — "
Week .j . 8vn r .- . ..1899. : .• ? : Biin- I Week
Days. [ days. .Destination.' .days.:] Days.
cOL GETZ * BROTHER.
,-..... ROOAI '• A. "CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR- PAJIK LOTS. '•
Kow for a Prosi>erous Era -for Ban Frandaoa.
8200 to J4CV— Near Nlneteentb-ave. boulevard
and Pa ik. frcra H to X *t-j JS monthly. ,:,/. .
- U . ri, JSOO— Choicest .'lota; In Sunsetr streets
graded and aewered; J>o : caonthly. •..-.. :
- tSOO to ttV— Cheapest reesden^e lota In Rich-
mond; easy terms. . '-..'.: . : .- '¦'.'¦: -.'¦... •'¦-.:
8100 to tS5Or-L«?vel - lote near Miselon-st. elec-
tric car line; only IS rrrontlily. .. :' .- ¦.;¦:' .-.:::. .-!
. Ca!l for Mars and Diarrama. ¦ ¦ ¦¦:
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDINOi
PHOTOCRAPHIC i SCPPLIEiS^i J~y,
POLYCHROME paper., >lch In^ tone, 'easy to
work I 'low price; aample doien 4x5 and fievelr
epertnailed 2Sc. : Cal. Camera Co:; : £t Geary.
FIFTE-n NTH; 1150. between Ml yslon. and ; How-
.:ard—^N!c«-ly: : furnished frpnt room.:, private;: 85.
7., and- Servian-Montenegrin Literary and
;": Benevolent Society. •
(nr Friend 3 and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Thursday), at 2:SO o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, Seventh and Market streets, under. the
auspices of Magnolia Lodge No. 29. I. O. O.
F. Interment Jackson, Amador County. | Cal..
' "'Remains at the parlors of the California
':". Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street,. near
"-'Po«t. : ¦•.'."-••'¦ ...•-;;. •¦ -¦ • -:"¦'¦¦¦- :¦:¦:¦¦.' ':¦ :'¦¦=:
REGAN— In "this' City, January 80. .1900. Jere-
' mlah H.; beloved husband- of M. A. Regan.
' and . father 'of Agnes, Clarence,- Walter and
.' Alice Regan, a native of New York. - -
" ..CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'clock, from bis late rest-
. dence, 235 Langton street. . thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
.' will be celebrated for the repose of htm soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. ./Interment ."Mount
.. Calvary Cemetery. :" .::. .- .'• '.¦.:".-¦.. '. •'.;."
RILET— In Oakland. January tt. 1800, Maggie
• S. . Riley,- beloved daughter of Thomas and
'/.the late Annie Riley, and stater of Mrs. G. H.
Weir, Mrs. H. G. Fox and -Thomas Riley, a
- native, of San Francisco,- aged 22 years and 2
months. " . :"-. ' • • • ¦• :¦¦.-;• ,
RUMMELS— In this city, January n, i»oo,
Naomi F. Rummels, beloved mother, of B. P.
and W. 11. Rummels and Mrs. C. :A. Baxter,
¦' a native of . Augusta, Me., aged 77 years -9-
.months and 18 days. ¦'•'. ,•..-¦• • 1 •.--.-
SMITH— In this city. January 81. 1900. Viols,
.-beloved daughter of the late Maud Smith, a
native of San . Francisco, aged 8 months and
.20 days. . ;. •¦".- ¦• .-. . . •¦ •¦ . ¦ ;
BMTTH- In this city, January 81, 1300. Simon,
beloved husband of Nellie Llbby Smyth, and
.-father of Vere Bell Smyth, a native of Ire-
land, aced 41 years. -,*.: . .'¦'•. ..-•
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦: (Friday), at:l o'clock, •¦ from his late resi-
dence, 112 Lily, avenue, thence to Westminster
Church, corner^ Page, and Webster streets.
where services will be held at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment I. 0.'.v0; F. Cemetery. .:¦
SPITTAL— In this city, . January 80, 1900. Wil-
liam Splttal Jr., beloved son of the late Wll-
.' Ham and Mary Splttal, and brother of Mar-
garet and Nettle Splttal and the late Mrs.'
May L. Lelser. a native of Brooklyn, N.-Y.,
.aged 22 years. ;.-..- -.¦:;•-.' • .' ¦ ¦-.•¦-.. .-¦¦-.;.
¦ C7"Remains at the parlors of H. F. Buhr &
. Co.. 1137. Mission street, between Seventh and
Eishth. ¦ '.: 'I."---"/--"/ ... ..:-..
STOFFERS-^-In Oakland,. January ' 88. • 19Q0.
Sophie Catherine, beloved wife of Diedrich :
Stoffers, a native of. Prussia, Germany, aged
"¦ 62 years 10 months and 3 days. - - ...,': . :
WALL— In Henderson, Nebr.', January 87, 1900,
John -J. .Wall, beloved husband of the- late
Pearl Wall, and son-in-law of Mrs. Theresa "¦
¦¦ Rellly. . .. •.>•-..•¦¦•;-; •¦• •;. ?-. .; ¦_• -. v.--... ;¦'.
WALSH^In this city. January St "1900. . Roberi
..Walsh, a native of .-". Dohdithmore. -County
:". Down. Ireland, aged .83 years. ..••.¦;-" ¦• • v -.-
j -CT Remains at the parlors of the HenryXJ.:
. t Gallagher "•¦ Undertaking ' Companyi'.vZO -Fifth
?: street..; ¦¦¦-:' -~ ;:'...-;¦. ;.-">. :'.'•: ¦;¦.;:; ¦¦/.¦ .; . • -V ¦ .--'V--..'-. ;,.;.;
WISSEL-^ln- South Ban Francisco, ' January SO:"
.'" 1900, .-"August-. J., dearly beloved 'husband -of'
.-Maggie Wlssel,. beloved father 6f Emily Lil-
: lie. Katie, Rosle. Oeorgle and.Gussle Wlssel..
'- and son. of. -Henry and Caroline WlBsel;-.a' na-
:'tlye of ¦Edwardsvllle; 111., aged 40 years I.-
month and 5 days. ¦'•-.' •'.-•. '-. -¦' ¦ . ¦¦..'..- '-.-'.
¦"••• cy Friends and .acquaintances are respect-,
. fully lnylted to. attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
• d«nce, -.1659. Twelfth' avenue south, between-
- Rallrcad avenue and N street south; -South
. San Francisco. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-'
' tery;.;. .-' ; v ;¦¦'. ¦"¦-.¦.•¦¦¦ .::. : - .'..';:. :'• ;C.-r=
"".¦•• .... CARD . OF THANKS. '¦ -" "> ¦'¦'
FIOUEIREDO (nee GLOVER)— We desirV to
publicly extend our thanks ta those, friends
and acquaintances who so kindly rendered us
. assistance during our recent bereavement ¦¦ '¦¦'•'¦
-\.;. HUSBAND, PARENTS, '"'. BROTHERS '"' and
. SISTERS. : ¦. - -.: - , .-'-.'.
Crescent City Baces.
NEW ORLEANS, : Jan. 31.— Belle -of Or
leans'and. Debrlde were the winning fa
vorites to-day. -The weather was' fine and
the track fast.. Results: .." >: .
¦'Selling; " one -and", a •- sixteenth', miles— Joe
Doughty won. Judge Steadman^ second. Jennie
F. third." Time. I:6^. •" : : ;,-¦¦• .. ¦
Selling; one and a sixteenth miles— Can I See
Em won. • Uhlers second. Albert Vale third.
Time., I:Ee.'.v. ' ". "¦..¦¦.-•-¦ -^v-, •' ¦¦¦¦'¦.-¦'¦. •>•-:"
Handicap ; steeplechase, short" course— Van
Brunt ••¦won, ' Cheesemlte second.. A 1 Beeves
third.. Time. 8:17%. •".•-.•.¦¦ •' ¦•' :.¦¦:¦ ¦ ¦¦ "
Handicap; one mile and an eighth— Barataria
won. Strangest second, Koenfg third. Time,
1:84. . :-•¦:;.• j ' ¦;¦¦ ¦ ¦ ;
Selling; six furlongs— B«ll» ot Orleans won.
Troubaline second, Allle Hale third. Time, 1:15.
Selling: seven furlongs— Dehrlde won. Nakar
nls second. The. Sluggard third. Time, 1:29.
BELLE— OUDRT
F.W. BRODE
A HARD ONE
TO DEFEAT
¦.'. ;! Old Calif6i^a-r^oodvj; ;
Sport at Oakland. -
It wajß : just;lik»;"c6mln' thro* the rye"
for F. .W. : Brode^- the crack colt of the
Schorr" string', to win again, at. Oakland
yesterday, r- Picking up j 121 pounds in the
seven-furlong handicap, he. defeated An-
Jou and several others quite as easily as
he did on Monday. It looks as If the son
of Cayuga was about the best three-year
old, in- these diggings, and he will be a
hornets 1 , nest for the others; from this
time on.- Four to five was about the long
est laid; about hinx;: ' r •. / ' '•' ¦¦':'-:::' :
Trailers of long " : shots spent, a -very
profitable day's outing, as High Hoe, 4 to
1; Asian, B, to 1, and Jennie Reid 25 to 1,
were among. tha bonbons unloaded.'. 'Po
tento and F..W. : . Brode. alone maintained
the reputation ; of the favorites. - : : : ' .= ,
Although the distance; looked ¦..•trifle
short for . him, j Gaylon Brown s gelding
Wyoming was: sent to ! the .post favorite
for the first number, a five and a half
furlong sprint. High Hoe, the mount of
Jenkins, received steady BUpport at odds
of 4 to 1 and had the race in. hand from
the Jump, winning easily.- The favorite,
finishing strong, .beat Rosalbra" Just as
handily for the: place. ¦-.• ¦:,-.:.- ••.-•-.
Walter Jennings Bent Asian to the post
again in the six furlong .run following
and this time the half brother to Salva-/
ble performed to much.. better advantage;
As good as. 8 to 1, he nearly got left at the
post and then won cleverly, from Ella
Boland, -• with the favorite, -Boundlee,
third. .The winner was nicely ridden by
Spencer;' "•'¦¦;. v;"'-..'; "'-..' ' ¦¦• . '¦¦''''*¦¦'¦'•'•'¦'¦':'. :' : :'¦'
After a brief vacation. Jenny. Reid, with
Bullman'up, : ca'merout and -def eated.a fast
bunch of sprinters in .the third event at
odds of .-25 to. LVPomplno, anothier. outsider,
raced. hea*l all., the, way. with
the, Husrhes entry;: :lo.slrig put by a head
only;: 'St/-;t.uthbertvVv!thV-;""fftYorlte, .- -. waa
lytaten for the show by Mpntallad«s." .:• - ; " ¦-;
¦ -The- "hobdoo': ¦ still ;cl lngs- to Dr.; Nem- :
bula," for ':-he :waa^^ again beaten in the mile
iand: a. sixteenth , run; this ; :time iby.-;Olini
thus/-;ClGsirig;;a;:.7. to. s,chblce, the-Djoctor
struck Bbme.. squally ''weatheri "-^re.achlng
the wire in time, to be flbwned a neck: by.
Qllnthus. the second, choice. , Red Pirate
lpst .the ' plaCe : by .a ' nose,-, : . --"¦. ; •'• :. ¦ ?:.- >'. .- .' " ;••
. A heavy play pri. Catastrophe enabled
the- backers , of .iPoteii.te.... to: get: 6 :to. &
against the gpldlng.- .He won -eased to a
walk from .Fprmero, ¦ stepping.: the . mile
and a furlong in 1:63 flat. Malay finished
-third. : . C :•¦'•,¦•"•'.".¦-•'•..' : j '•' •¦" ' •"'• -¦'•••• ¦' ¦"
Track Notes.
"Jockey. Bullman . still leads In . th« con
test for thl& trophy. with 72 against B7;for
Jenklria, his. closest competitor. None of
the other riders look ; -to have, a chance.
; ;.O.n February 9 Chase & Mendenhall.wlll
sell the following .horses at Oakland
track:' Satsuma, Torn' Cromwell, Sybaris,
Whltcbmb, Blooming: Chance and Dr.
pernays.' All are th© property. of Dr. .Row
ell, who states that, he-' has '-a larger stable
than he. can attend to;-.' ; • ¦•¦ ¦'¦. ... • " .-¦
>The California Jockey : Club offers a $1000
purse-' for a. mile dash... with. Yellowtall,
F> "VV\ Brode and Advance Guard to go. If
acceptable It will be decided on Monday
n£xt; .The association 'over the bay also
offers a similar purse for an; all-aged race
at. 'ohe. mile,- .hoping . : to! .-. bring:' together
Bjinnockburn,. Bendoran and; the best of
the three-yeaivpldß, weight for. age. ,V. "
To-Day's Entries.
: First .race— Five- .furlongs; ; three-ye€u--olds;
maiden fillies; . selling:. '. -. '.¦... 'J , : - ..'. c:' :.".'¦¦¦'
701 Bandera . ;...117l 7ftB.:Mlldred'Hughes:ii7
701 Corolla: ...:....i.112 664 Infinity ...-,..:;. .102
706 Egrita ...;... ?..117 711 Red Cherry.. ..:.113
601 Tanob* ?.....,.,112 578 Nettle C1ark.. ..:i17
706 Free Pa 55....... .117? 699 Fllle d'0r...:...:103
699 Miss yera....... ...112. .HI Isaline ...i..y:..:U7
. -r^cond rtce-r^Ctoe mile'; three-year-olds; purse:
717 8ath05' ;;.v.;.,...i07| 664 The Echo. v.-.^;.:lM
; 699 Chpteau- ;:.;...... 107| 625/ Erwln ,;v,:.: < .. i -.107
Js4S;Mo'uhtf>bank :. : .-;l04j:711 J. V. : Hay5. ......107
; 690' Rlifordv. >; .iv.'-.ilM \ 61* Mortgage V. . : ..;..
Third ¦ race-^Mlle. and. a- quarter;'-. : tour-year
olds-and .upward;- selllhgt-- : : •-•'.- 1- •¦¦ .---.• "."." ¦'¦¦.;': ¦-:'
¦690-Stuttgart:'......;-ilo4| 709 Tempo :.i..-.:...'..103
. Fourth 'race-^na. mlle; ; ttree^year-olds; .and
upward.; handicap:'; ¦ ¦• •"'. '¦¦•¦. '¦.;.-'S ¦''¦:¦ : r.'::.'
668 New Moon .' .'. .'; ; '. .. 801 • 637; Rosormonde '-.'; ;'.-.110
(6SB)Cormorant.......iO2| 686 Lothian !.V. i ...;;102
C69«)8end0ran :....;.. 1271 68 « The Fretter.....lO7
(677) Pat Morrlssey..:io2l ";, • ¦ ...-.^ -'. : ; t-',-' '¦"¦
Fifth' race-^Seven furlongs; four-year-old* and
upward; selling:} 1 ... .. •. '..':'.'¦¦ ¦'¦_. .'." >•. '." '.;•
677 Montahu'a .......HO 685 Don Lui5.....;... 107
70S Imperious ::.;;.. 110 692. Mary KlnsellaiJOS
" 707 None- 5uch., ...,;i07 665 Strpm'o ..,..;... ..-97
.'6S2 Jingle Jingle.;. .;lO2 693 Mike. Rice.;. ....107
674 Horton .....;....lli> S 673 Alicia ..........;105
.643 Theory .....;.'.>,Ul . 68? Tirade ..;;...;*. ;107
Sixth race—Futurity -course; three-year-olds j
selling:: -:-^. •¦' '•! ; '.': : •" ..- ;: : '...'." ':. ¦ :>'•";:
(70DRedwaId (694)Tuthlll .....,..,.108
488 Floridan.:«w..:.los ...895 Gundara. ........103
711 Bagdad .....;.,. .10&L 693 Southern OIrL.vUOS
6SO Alice Dough'ty.,lo3l ... . .": , ' :.
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Fine : .d'Or," Corolla, Bandera.
Second race-T-Erwln. Bathoe," Mortgage.
Third race— Topmast. Gotobed, Tempa •
B»CTnKR.I PACIFIC COnPAJIT.
-.;... ¦-_ . . (r acifio »t stem.) .
Trataa !*•»»«• nml are «lne> (• r.rrli* ¦>?
"- ¦' :. ••. • -- SAN rBSAN€IS»<:O.
¦;:;¦ ¦ • (Main line. Foot of Ihirkeft Street)
HENRY J GALLAGHER CO.,
- . (Successors to Flannasjan A Oallag-her), • -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMJ&RS,
80 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School, ,-
aJDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KF/AB.M ST. £sUbUabed
In 1 83* for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Man hnod. Debility or
dtseas«'*7eartnf onbodjr and mind and
Skin DtaaaataThedoctorcureawrbgii
others tall. Try him. Charges low.-.
Car«i:u»r»nirf(l. Callorwrita
VM99t S9J jiw^anjtMfltaft
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows':
Budolf Kutsche. 84, city, and Ellse Hel-
mers, 24. Oakland.
George H. Fisher. 89, SS Rausch street, and
MasdQlena Folejv 20, 1800 Howard street.
Howard W. Novell. 28. 213 Lanetpn street,
and Kate Hennesuy, 26, 2749 Bush street.
George Livingston, 44, 217 Third street, and
Axren MurDhy, 25, J'Cl Howard street.
'Gustave W. Olsen, 25. city, and Rose Rah-
wyler. 21.* city, r- - /.'
Benjamin H. Ames,- 23, city, and ; Helena D.
Palmer, 20. city. ¦ '.
: George F. Hodßklnson, 23, Vallejo, and Cbris-
Uga. M. gf»tfcV Vk r Y»Uaia.
BA3XROAD TEAVEL.
ELLIfi, C 33. cor. Larlcln— Sunny; furnished;
bay-window; mantel;, double . f pldiny-bed ;
Weleba.cn liafct. . ." • "• .- • . ••.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Fernr... .
Commencing October 1. 1399. ¦-'-
FROM SAJf FRANCISCO TO MILL VALUST
AND SAN RAFAEL. ,
WEEK DAY&-»7:0O, U:00 a. m.: n:45»
•8:40. 8:15. «:00i, 8:30 d. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Ban Ra-
fael, on Mondays. "Wednesdays and Saturday*.
at »:00 and 11:30 d. m. ¦ ..
SUNDAYS— *B:OO. »10:00. »ll:J0 a. m.: nO3,
8:15. «4:45. 8:30. 8:00 n. m. ¦ " • ¦ •
Trains marked (•) run to San Queatln.' -
PROM SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. *i:SS. 7:45. »9:40 a. m.;
•12:30, 2:15. »3:40. »6:13 p. m. ? ¦
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at C:49 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. «V.OO. *10:00. *11:45 a. m.j
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. »«:30 d. in. '
Trains marked «•) start from San Qu«ntln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS-«: 45. 8:«. 7:58.. 9:45 a. m.J
12:33, 2:35. 8:45. S:» p. m. *-.. . •• m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 o. m. ,
SUNDAYS— B:CS. 19:0S a. m.; l*:0C. 2:l*. 3:30,
8:00. 8:45 p. xn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
8:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
lr^skta<gaaflar»-jron:aj>» aad way staUoaa.
BUSH,"-' C3S— 2 o.r.J furnished : rooms . for house-
keepinf; cas stove.": ¦ "•..•..•'" "-.:-
CALIFORNIA. 2C2S— Sunny room; 1 or 2 rentle-
men; .breakfaFt. If desired; • private family
refercErea exc^.anged. '':¦;. . ¦'.. ..-...,
CHEHT-NUT, ; :- 2J3 — Kurntehed . houaekeemna;
rooms Twith'bath. - • : . -..".. ;..., . .
CLAKCIFIEX/r advertisements and subscriptions
r»-c«;lved at Call branch -.of flee, 2223 Flllmore st.
COTTAGE,. 4 rooms, modern- Improvements-
sunny yard: cellar. lS&MD>Farrell st. "' .-.
I'UOI'OSALS.
SEALED croposals will be received at the of-
fice of the Liehthouse Inspector. San Fran-
cisco. Cal., until 12 o'clock m. t March 1. 1900,
and then opened,' for furnishing and deliver-
. ing provisions for vessels and stations In the
: Twelfth Lighthouse District for the fiscal year
endinff June 30, 180 L in accordance with speci-
fications; ': copies of which, with blank propos-
als and other information, may be had upon
application to U. SEDREE, . Commander, U.
a. n. /••¦--¦ . • - •
auuJis l'ott- .iutsi;i>t;t:fi.\G.
FOOTHILL .ranch -to- lease or for sal*; six
miles, from Napa; 545. acre«r housi. barn
«-tc. Apply to C. SL.CAPP & CO.. real estate
tLr~r.tr. e3fi Market st; . ': ' '
:<;.- AQUES \*\>\ safidr loam soil; 24 acres
vineyard; £ acres choice bearing- orchard;
' 2MO etrawberry plants: half an acre in small
fruits and vizirs; small old houa« and barn;
obunciant natural epring water; an Ideal fruit
and ttou'l.try.' ranch for 81300. J. W. HORN.
113 Mala st., I'etaluma:
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running: and most
, luxurious train across the continent.
Conxbctixq Train Leaves San Fk anciscoi
5 P.n. Monday. Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving- In Chicago at 2:15
P.H in time to connect wltb all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FYDDF<«i . p. m. with Palace aad Tounat
>M 11 v car * iot Kansas City, St. Lotus,
DAILY Chicago and Easu
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Han ford, Visalia, Tnlare | " Dn . n
and Baiersfield. KU A U
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
TCISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Malo
TKI3CU SMUW J53,. Oakland, IH3 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Saatt Clara Street. . ••".-.
A "WEEK'S news for Semti/ '. Th<» XTeekly Call,
It p*r»«. In wrapper, -for. mailing, tl per year.
FOR «ale In Oakland— Efght-room residence,
modernized and complete. In every detail; lot
50x108: -'Alice' st.. near 13th;- bMt-. residence
heifc'hborhood In Oakland; 3 -minutes from
Narrow Gauge depot; attractive price; month T
ly paymeuu if desired.
HERON & HOLCOMB,
:.-' '.-..¦'¦ 1060 Broadway, Oakland. .
:'.'••. '.'•' ¦ 77-78 rCrocker building, San Fraiicl»co. -.
P"OR aal#. : cheap— New ' J-rtbry bdu»es,.'7'rooms;
lat**t improvements: Xoe and Hill ets. ; near
Caetro-rt- cars; patent BldewaTk. ¦
California I imited
Santa Fe Route
?6&OCM-TWQ boiises, 4 lot*, barn, granary, grist
rxlH and other, bus I rife es- paying larre for in-
veetcient-; this in a tiroeperous country town
n*ar the -city -and Is a.bargain.. bargain. ¦ McLAUGH-
• LIN ft. CO.; 371% Market it-; .-.•-.- .
MODERN flats— J-"*00; containing 5 and 8 rooms
ejtch;- highly decorated and finished with
all modern convenjienees;-. CS Waller ti., one
block from Halpht an 3 Pierce; easy terms
F. NELSON, builder. - •-..'• .
81600 — Wfi.L absolutely eacriSce my- new bay-
window cottage: t large rooms, reception haJl,
coved ceiiincF. ¦ tilinit, china . and other <qlos-
¦ets; all known Irnorovements and ' con%-enl-
•ncer: built positively by day.s Work for my
home, but circumstances compel an immediate
sale; email first .payment' and Jiff rßonth-ly;
title perfect: not a. dollar mortgage of incum-
braoc-e:; convenient to 2ith and Mission sts
Apply P- A. DOLAN. CC2 Market ¦ St.." or
owner. 1222 Con.lar.i3 aye. '..-.'
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami SebastopoL 110:40 am|lo:2s am
3:30 pmj B:00pmr. - : - -. • .. : • \ 7:35 pm| 8:23 pm
7:30 ami 3:00 amf. , Sonoma - . 110:40 am 8:40 am
f .I* and I
6:10 prril s^oo pmj Glen Ellen.; f 6:ftSpm N2pm
81 J00— BARGAIN: lajge IVi-etory, high stoop.
bar-w'.addw cottape; vestibule entrance; bev-
eled r^ate class doutle floors; handsomely
paneled i-foct wlde:hall; with winding stalr-
ta*e and fH^foot .'newel t>O»t: r-arlor. .14x17.
'wainscoted dining room 12x14; 'sitting', room
tV*xl4: -. wainscoted : extension" kitchen lOxlJ;
ceil!nr« 12 ttei high;, ventilator*; riarter-cbr-
r.!ce«; gantry, glasfc closet, etc.; t bftir«3om»
and bathroom upstairs: 7-foot high cellar un-
£*r s!l. with doufcle'door entrance Under bay
lot 23x120. with. a rustic stable. 14x20 at end;
»ag:r!!f.e«Tit vjew; all for 11%' X; no agenta J.
TV. NEWTON. IE3O 12th aye.. tirar X St. Bun-
aet district, 8 blocks from Golden' Gate Park,
THE Oa R. & N. GO.
.bISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IF O tt T LiA. 3*T ID
From Spear-street Wharf at •10 a. ¦m.
CADP S^J*" l cc ' a "' Includlrijr: Berth
THnC $8 Second Class .and Meals. . ;
COLUMBIA 5ai15... ......Jan. 23; Feb. 7, 17. 27
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Feb^ % 12. 22
- Short line to/ Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and - ¦ all . points '¦ In ¦ the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Ea«t/;' : - ••• ¦
: »".-;•: ... E. C. WARD. . Oenerat Agent;
'. : •' ' .-¦ ¦'.. "- - : ".-'" ¦ -" . 630 Market st. ¦
GOODALL. PERKINS *. CO., -. -".= :;-: VI i
¦'..: ... 'r". " »'•• '"''.-,• Superlntendenta. }';¦'_ ¦. ' " -.. :;;
SPECIAL SO TICKS.
ROOMS WAXTED.
HOTEL A RRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL;
C R Ed wards. USA
L H Hamilton. Mont
E B Oudry. Oakland.
Mrs E B Oudry, Cal. •
A Peyton, S Cms. . :
W. Fi Rogers, Boston
M -Friedlander,. Chgq'.
C II Samson. Omaha'.
J P Erie, Chicago .
F P Dunne.. Chgo
L-'Hlrs:ch,.N Y ••¦.."¦..'•
C; O Callahan; Mexico.
L Ufeld. N. Mexico.
Mrs L llfeld;. N Mcx
Dr t: Flint.. S Juan .
Mrs T Flint, S Juan
T Williams Jr, Ohio,
F : O Wolf. ' Dayton.' O
Mrs F O Wolf. Ohio
B E Green. Los Ang '".,
W W Chapin, . Sacto
D WKirkland, L Ang
C R Wyatt. U S A .
Mrs J E Wlllard. Cal
J ylZi -Amsterdam '-.'--.
W H Mason; N V : . .
Mrs WH Mason. N: V
J E MoDonald. U : SN
Dr J II Payne, U**S A
R BewelJ,-U S ;.A\\ : '
C H. Albles. Cal • :. .
B B Jewell, lowa ' . "
WH Allen Jri L Ang
M ' Newberry,' - N "V* ¦"'
Mrs "VV Feld^teln. Paris
W. S Hobart. Car
Mrs W S Hobarti ' Cal '
J. Bevah. .London •"• • . '¦'":
Mrs J Bevan, . London ;
Miss Bevan.- Loti'don.- ¦ :
Mrs A S Carney, Bostn
C Downing, .Cal ; . .
W"; ' Keswlck. "London :
Mrs E S Smith, N V i
W n Fisk, Chicago^ :
Mrs W H Fi«k. Chgb '¦¦¦¦
W>'H O'Brien. Cal
Mrs WH O'Brien. Cal
H A Belden. N:'Y '•"¦'.'.•..¦.
Dr F. O Chamberlain.
¦ San Mat <-o :¦¦¦ ;
WA Brewer. S Mateo
W E.WJleox, Chgo
L Janlri,'. Cal.. :'.-.;' •" ."¦
J H Rlordan. St Louis
Mrs J HRlordan, Mo
A MtH . Hardenberg,
Lbs Angeles •¦ . : -'. ¦'.':¦ • •
Mrs ,A. McH " Harden
: : berr.- Los Angeles' -'
\V PllalllV:Wash. DC.
Mrs T.i:Wheelock, Chgo
J A Brent, Salt Lake
M Grau, : '.,Bertin .-••," .'-•"• •¦• ••:•"
GRAND HOTEL.
E S Field. ¦ Los . Ang ¦ •-.-
C A Palm. Sacto • ",'
WM Lingo; Birds Ldg
G H Stratton/ Chgd .
R Pendleton.'- Saratoga
A L Carver, SS Sutton
J V Shephard, N V
W H Nichols, Courtl'd
O Vose. Milwaukee'-
J Hughes, - Chicago ¦ /
H Lion, San ..Jose ¦'•
R H.Sourtlss, Cal
H C Bush, Cal ••
H M Skinner. Qal ' :
Dr S Goddard. wf.Mas
W M WorUilhg Stktn
A J Burdlck, Portland
H A.Latta, Butte Ck
H H Hunter, San Jose
G T Hodgklnson, wife^
¦vaiiejo - ¦¦¦;¦ ... - : •:'••.-. V;
H Levitt. Grass VaTy
C Mulky, Napa
A H-- Vachell,-- S Jose
W C McNeil, Sioux C
Dr B J: Powell. Sacto
E F. Perry. N : ; T." :'•'• •
W" Smith, Citl ¦¦": . ¦ . •
R T Moore. Winchestr
J McCuflderi. Vallejo -
Miss MoCudden, :do •
Mrs Litherland, • Honb
R H Smith, .Zanesville
J E Keller, Bacto
H D Shackelford, Cm
Miss A Slnnott, 8 Jose
F Rode, Los' Angelea-
J Bender. Hamilton ¦ J '
W H Gibson, wf. N T
G G Linen. N V .
C J Jones. Stockton
Poter Cook, Rio ; Vista
Wm Schutte, Mllwauk
O J: Larson, Lodi
Mrs E C Hewitt, L" A.
NEW. WESTERN HOTEL;
L O Kleespies; Colo
A G Hanson. San Jose
B Johnson. Fresno i •'
A C Corwln, Oregon ,
Miss M Adams, Or
Mrs Smith. Oregon
J King, Portland
B Hellng. Los Angeles
P King, Madera. . ¦
J N' Burke, Chicago
J Blakeley,. Fresno • .'. '¦¦¦
H J Leonard A w.Mlch
M J AHeii. Mich
J C Curry. Minn
J.R Turner;. San ZMegO
J Dadarnl.. Colllnsyllle
J McMann. San Pedro
C. Williams. Riverside
iF.M-Doran. Uklah "
IJ F Walker. 8 Clara •
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. ' - . '• •¦•¦../•". Steamers leave-. Broadway.
4|^ ' : . ' '.•.'¦¦•;¦'". wharf , San Francisco; '-.-.¦ ¦•¦¦
V3h«»_ For Alajkan pory>. 10-a.'m..
Wf>%ik Feb. 5. 10, 15, 20, *5, Mar. 2..
K&^KTjJ^fck Chanxe to company's steam-
rSCEsSivaSl ers at Seattle.. ¦' - •;-..-;-'
EsssSSs VI»9 for Victoria, Vancouver.
raag^ffiSl (R. C.). Port Townsend,
f^^^^^^W Seattle, : TacOnia. ¦ :. Everett;
. • -'.¦^^¦BHl ¦ Anacortes and New. : What-
• •-.••. '.". - - ™ • com (Wash.), 10 a. : hi.; Feb.-
6. IQ. 15. 20, 25, Mar. Z, and every : fifth :day
thereafter : : change at Seattle to this company's,
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma.
to X. P. Ry^ at- Vancouver to C.-: P. Ry.. •.
- For -Eureka'-^Humboldt Bay), 2 p. ¦ in:,' Feb, .
3. 8. 13.-IS. 23. 28, Mar. 5, and everjr fifth day
thereafter..- ¦• •• - : ' :': ' '¦¦'¦".¦ ¦'¦¦¦ :¦ ;•¦ ¦"-.¦ '.: '
.For Santa Crux, Monterey, Sart Simeon, ¦Cay-
ucoe. Port Harfbrd (San Luis OblspoV, Gavlota.
Santa Barbara; Ventura. Hueheme. Ban Pedro,
East. San Pedro (Los Angreles) and Newport, ft
ai m.; Feb. 4. 8, 12. . 16, 20, 44, 23., Mar. 4. and
very' fourth day thereafter.. . .¦¦•¦.•"•..¦•..'.-. .• =
For San Diego,. 'stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis' Oblspo.); Santa. Barbara,,- Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Loa: Angeles),. 11' a.' m.,
Feb. 2. 6. 10, 14,. 15, 22, 26; Mar. 2, and:every
fourth day; thereafter. • ¦•¦;¦..•'. '..¦' ; ¦ :-"..-.-.'v: -"..-.-.'v-
For Ensenada, Magdalena 'Bay, San Jose, del
Cabo. Mazatlart, Altata, La Pax, Santa' Rosalia •
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. ra., 7th of each
month.. ••: • '.••"• ' ".- ::•.:•".•.•¦ : .'. '¦¦¦;.-. '.¦ :-..- .-..•-,: '• ."•"-..
:'• For further .- Information obtaia '. company's
folder.^'-: ;-:¦:? :¦:::;¦¦ •¦^¦v--.:- ¦¦:-:¦ ¦•¦iy '¦:.'.; :¦ :
¦ The-.' company- reserves. ' the right' to ehans;e
steamers.- sailing.- -da tea and. hours of calling.
¦without orevVous notice. ••"• '.- •"*¦-' -'--.: ,'.- ::r - :¦.v".-"': ¦.v".-"'. •• '¦'¦
TICKKT OFFICE .~\ New: Montgomery
; street- (Palace Hotel.). ." -'• " .- :;-.•
.GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Oen. Agts., :
¦ " "...; - : .:¦..-."¦;;.¦•. '¦"lo Market.at., San .Francisco, v.
OCEAN ¦ TBAVEL.
REAL JSTATi:— CITV— KOH SALE.
A. K. EPBCK * C 0.;:.. s/;.? >? -';;.:-':-. .'..¦.'•;
-.-. .:",'.- .¦.¦' ¦¦¦-¦:¦':¦:¦ ttt Market St., .epp.- jCearny.
;;:•-,-.> ¦; •-. -#.127.500. . '". ::.'¦:.¦:'¦: ¦'"'¦-}''.
sftore* aad «ffle*s; ' near • ' Wnlte . House;. 8
Croclagea; rents $£25 net:- '¦.•.'-:¦:...' --;•¦' . .',•."''
¦¦¦¦:¦' ::¦• :-.¦•• '-"jw.ooo. ¦¦•¦¦•; v-- *•;-'-.• -- : :*-;-. ¦
EUlswst. ocrn«r; 60*127.; stores aad 70 rooms;
will par T oar cent net. ' '- ¦; - '.' . ."'.¦•'.
?'...¦-:¦--:./:¦•¦:•¦;¦ - / \.&jW. r ¦".-.'. ..'-.- :¦:¦ "' ' '
Jfear Stockton and; O'Farrell: 86-foot front;
4-* tory brick; aitoreai ar.d 3( rooms above. : .
: - -¦¦::-:-¦¦¦ ¦-: ' •' • ¦; ¦ ' 827.600. •; ..'..' •" • '•" ; .::'
Kear Edfiy aad ; Jonesi store and 11. rooms :
above; xuodera; stays 7: : ocr ..cent net. •¦¦¦'¦
¦ -¦¦¦¦¦ -¦'¦¦¦¦'..¦ ¦¦:-:' ¦¦:¦ ¦¦ --.124.000. ¦:::¦.••/.¦-,.: ; -.'. :¦¦¦.'-:' =
Eixti at-: 75 feet front: * storaa; rents BXO. ..
¦-.¦..-.-.•.-••-:•¦¦ -."' :...:;n!.«00,:. - , - - : , '¦•'¦ ¦;.\-V.'\
Z~ti.ri.tu; about » ft. from Market; . store :
and lofixla«-house above. ?'. , •"...',;•-"• . • .'•
-. ¦¦;., ;-.-'. :-." ¦"•. 421.0O0;-". :-., •-' >• . .' ¦. ...'
Mission st., sear Third; lot 4CxB3; bast bar-
gain crx Mltfl-T st. \ o-day. '•••' ;'•••• • • ¦ ¦ "
•:- r ¦::'¦/} : ¦:..¦¦¦:.'.-. y 87650.-. '- : .: ¦¦•-.•• '.:.'¦¦¦ V- ":' [:'.
% fine Cat*: rent 8*«0 yearlyj downtown; lot
CO ft. froctaee.'- , ¦ .¦¦"-¦¦•¦.¦'-•.•'.¦ • ••.;...• ""..• . si
• •". ..':=•".. .••¦¦= --:-'--'---^- teoqo."-: ¦'¦••:¦."-¦•¦ '<'. :¦'.-¦ \
Post et.; 8 rood Catt: rents 880; lijt 87x113 ft. .
"..'¦:--- ;;. ; .•-:•:. •"-.:•'¦ -.J5500.:. ..'•¦•;..":¦ •"¦'-.¦.•
Xxrt.lOOxlOO feet, and cory modera reeldence;
Cse stable; warm belt pf the Misalcn. . - '.
A. M. SPECK & CO <»t7 Market St.
DR. C. C. O'r>OKKELL-rOffice and realdenoe.
ICTIH Market et.; bet. Blxth and .-.Seventh-.:: ¦'
COAST IHTISIOt (Uroad tlaage).
¦y/..\ (ThlrJiiiidT6vTngen<lSt9L>
W :.;.:';¦' •:•.-.-.• ':>¦•': PAHALTSlS;""> •.'-'•¦-v:;-." •;-.. •:= ¦
•' ;.:¦.¦, all kervous diseases; ¦: .¦: ¦• '
.';¦' -;;•;.-¦.¦¦¦...- '¦.'¦ ossification;: ;:-">::¦•..":•':••'•"-• : " -:'''•"¦
-. '. - ; -'--' ; -:.^- '• -HAJtD TUMORS; --¦:-¦¦¦¦-/>--:.•. >;.\- ."
. ¦¦AIX, ABNORMAL ENUVROEMENTSJ.. -
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMER. .";
SCROFULA. ECZEMA; PKIN DISEASES,
¦¦¦'¦¦::¦¦:;¦::¦ -CONSUMPTION;.- «¦:'¦ 7:v>-' ' ; /'-' ¦ .•"¦•
OIJ3 CTAJiDINO CHRONIC I>ISEASEB.^ .
Cured where ail *th*r have failed.' •. r"'--
NO PRUGB! VNO KKIFBI : ;..
piScrant from ' any other treatment. •¦".:.-•. ".. -.' '¦'¦
write for r»f»r»nc<:s. COBSultailen ¦: free. ¦'".-. - ; :
DR. L, J. STRATTON. 607. 60S and 5C3., rarv
rott buildlag-, • ;<Over the : EtnporiumV) :•-..••. •
I'll V MCI ASS- A.VU SIIIiiUONS.
iy-Y '•¦ ay*.;- -S23i: . near' /.Franklln^Very-', pleasant
.'.s!r.gl«V ;fron V room;; : J4;'-(Serrnan. farnlly.. - ."• . :.,".'
HOW ARP/ ?W-rCleah. . reppectabl«i : 25c-8i per
¦ nlgW:il>J3 per ¦•w«k; ! Howard .-.cars to doorl ;¦
HANCOCK: House* : 781 Mission— Select family
¦•; ; rpcmlnß.vhouse : :' ; ; tl..66,.to- i . $s:. per week..' '-. .•..•>. .-:.
09AST DIVISION (NarroT? <U« K a}.
(Foot of Market Street.)
GRAND SOUTHERN. v southeast: *pr; .Seventh
- : aii'd -.''.'Mik'sibh staVwSunny- rooms, : . en.- suite or
slcirle:ladl«s r - parlor; reading, room; : elevator.;
'CEJi-RTi *>& "'<'The Navarre)^Elegantry furnish-
. -.edroorna. en euite.pr single. MRS. H. HTER,
6TAMMERINQ corrected: bool, it. r J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. PhD:, ir.s Linden. Oakland.
FCL6OM/565.- corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furn-tshed -ropmii:7 suites./ or single; new met.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair «»edall£tn. . grow tair
cr no pay: book for etamD.-. «. Eddy sti'.".:f.;. :>: >
WAKTE&-O!d gold for manure. O.
Jeweler, ttt O'" ..-rell. bet. Pow«Il and Mason.
COLEMAN ' buys clothing, brlcia-brat; tools.
carrets, old gold; send for him/ -M ¦ Kearny.
ELEGANT. sunny 'robm-ln;;; exchange, for ...tha
coaching of 2. cWWreh with their school les-
' . eirtßVvßox ti42. Call :«fflee^- '¦,'.¦¦.¦"'¦. ''¦ ' ;:¦ "¦''¦' '¦¦ '
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 TliJrd St.. near Market: 100 rooms:
Uc to 81 h0 per night: Jl DO to i 86 per week;
Ire* 'bus and baggase to and from the ferry, 'r
A FINE suit to order {10 75, or pants ft 75; our
cpeclalty in remnants allows us to- sell
ci.earxr than ready- made. L;: LEMOS,
111' Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth, prop. Gne-
prlce Tailoring Co.; BJ Kearny, near .Bacto;
also 1644 Market St., under St. Nicholas,'.'-. ' : ¦
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight-
KIGER'S e-n-eet>cr» are *'•" ttest'and cheapest.
All kinds repaired end for nale at 3« Sut-te'r. - .
LEADING theatrical and . -niaaquerade . cos-
tutr.rrt. jr.ake--up and wig*: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO-. "S3 Market «t
THERE la t:*in« org-aniied Kt.-He'ald'* -Bus-lnefj:;
College .'Nieht .'School a'. stent>praph!cV.?P*ed'
Club for r.raoETaphers and "others^ >rho wi e h
to increase -their Bi^ed la- slrprthand^y' .•¦¦.•...''¦*.-¦
A GOOD epeaklng. knowledge . of the
language can be acquired la i few- week* , by
the 'oonv»ntatlonal'-'.m»thnd.'-at Heald*S; : ;Busl-.
n*»« rojip-ge Night iSchi^ir.termfcrtacipirtrle;';-'
PRIVATE del eotlve: work; reasonable rVte«; 10
Y*a**' experlenpe. J. B. HAT, Si 7 Jiesbie st.
RAG carreta wove .to prderiand- for *a.!e;-.:alsx>
checllle-wove rues., silk •¦ppTtleresirdealtsr -Iri
carpet twine. In hark' or ¦cha.ln.'-'-.at'.'lotrest
rate*. OEO 3WATTHEWB7C>S Fifth. Oikland.
IF you wieh tull' value, for- your .cast-off IJEloth-
ln« call on B. Cohen. lS7Thlrd: : tel.:b!a;ck;.4ia.
LOST— Januar>- ». a;: small".'. -.yellow ..pup. • ?
months old; aaswers the oname-of.-- Hobson:
collar on m-ck; \ Return .: to IS2S: FiWmore. st.'
and r»c*lve reward. .¦•-•:. --¦=' ;-V::v;;":.~'.; -V::v ;; ":.~'.O ':'. ".... ? : ¦':
tS.NOT AVLADT.
TURK. 648— Larre front': rooms, complete house-
..' keeping;;. ras and bath; coal stove; 810- month.
VALENCIA, 7 I232-ii-Two nice sunny rooms; llrht
.•; -houßekeeplnft-;. furnished;, no children..?;' ;
ROOMS FOR UOI'SEKEEHIXO.
PEKSOXALS.
BIRTHS— HARBIAGES-r-DEATHS.
Birth, marriaxe and death '• nottoea seat by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name andY residence of par-
sons authorised to have the same published. •¦•
": : -*-£i "-':¦¦ '': : : -¦.: : - BOBN.t ;¦•>•;.;:>.¦-;•.:•: : .:r
ERESN-AHAN— In this city. -January 81, MOO.
yto the. wife of Michael :Bresnahan.. a , dautrh-
McCpNNELO^-In : this city; January 90, WOoV-tO
thewlfe of H. B. McConnell. a son. •.-..
McMAHON— In this city. January 85, 1900, to
. .'the wife of Thomas H. McMahon,a daughter.
MUNRO— In this city, January 28. 1900. to the
..wife ofW.N. Munro. a daughter... ;. v - ••:•:
WARREN— In this city, January 85. : 1300;. to the
¦ wife of Homer .C. ;. Warren.' a dausrhter. " ". : : •'¦
THE SAN FRANOISGO CALL,/ THURSDAY, FEBRUARY^ 1, 1900.
Fourth . race— Bendorui, Tha FretUr, Rosor
monde. V." ' ¦¦' ¦• -V - ; ¦-.-;^. :
- Fifth race— Theory, Horton. Jingle Jingle. •¦';
* Sixth race— Alice Dougherty. Tuthlll, Southern
oirt.-. •-••'¦- -¦-•' '•-"¦ ¦' '•••;" - : :.,; :..
U«ti — Faou Deczmbsb 13, 1399. — AWT*
A/BELANCH- : bfflce' for the reception of adver-
"•¦ tleements and .subscriptions has been opened
¦ ' et.SZSi Pojk: »t.; op«n till 9p. m; ¦ : -.- •:.•¦'•
A BRANCH office /or Call adrertl»ement» and
:' .rubkoriptjona bas been eatablished ' at-y>B<. Va-
:-'lencla-.-.»t..;: -'lencla-.-.»t..; ;•¦ V ; ¦ ;¦¦.'¦'¦:::^<!'^-'/f.; ¦¦. '¦'¦:: :^< ! '^-'/f. " v '?> ''-•":¦ r '^• > -"" : •--'
Sk* BRANCH office for Call. advertisements and
subscriptions has been , eatablished : at , the
;¦ h-crthwest corner of. Twentyrsecond.and Ken r
¦'¦: taeVy-tta.'rcpen'.tlli :: »'p; : .m. ;^."K '.-¦:¦¦. -
KOOMS :TO: TO .;LE'T~Fni-hi-- *n& ..' Up f n rn.
HOUSE. ¦ 14$ 'Sixth— Rooms
isc ta 81 -per niiht; ; 81 IS to 85: per week, and
- ".¦¦ : llrht :hcia6gkf>plng:.'-cpen a»-,-nlght.:,-- -. ... "
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk ana Taylor, sta.—
Homelike/house; modern: •-.services elevator:
.bath: room* We to. 81 60 day. MRS-: J. KIiNQ.
I ¦ i ¦•;:¦¦ " ¦• :.-.-'-;aiA»inED."' •.'¦:• .••.¦.¦¦. i ;.; .:•¦.•;-.¦:¦
PETERS— COLBERT— In this city,' Janiiary 80
.; 1900, by the Rev. A. J. "Wells, rrederlck w!
Peters and Mildred Grace Colbert, both of San
Francisco. • . - - ¦
AT , « Eeeond^-plce new papered and reno^
vated: front, rooms: $1 EOto 11.50 a week.-- ¦•-....'.
A-"THE EtMEh HOi:SE;''...324 Bush it: ad-.
}olniac:"'trje;.:R'flsß Hotel: 84 rooms: all prices.
BIHCH AYE . S2; rieair City: Hall— Nice sunny
'.¦'•¦ furnished:- ifrcht: r00m ... for- gentleman. ,:-. = ..;.-.. ¦' /
PURNETT. '-' 1.426 Market et. (old >fo. IS«4)— Fur-
'-. .tishe-l .-rms., suites, single : ' also jinfurnlahed.
CAHR^UTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
¦ ave.-tSunip.y cc.rner; well. f urn; V : . rims. A offices..
CLASSIFIED advertisements, and subscriptlona
¦ rrcelved at Call branch bfnee. MOO Fillmo'e st.
. *7i004 Bcnldsk. Soimn, Elmlra. VaeavQle,
Rmnseyand Sacriraento *7*43y
•7iO«a Shasta Eiprras— DaTia, Willows,
-•; ReA Bluff. Portland •7t4S»
*TiBOa Martinez. San Unraon. Vallejo, Xapa,
-. - ' ' ¦ Caitatcga an«l Santa Eosa *>ilS»>
•»:30* The Orerlaml LlTrlted— Ogden. D«n. .
ver. Omaha. CMcaza. *3it93*
•SiH«t Ban Joae, Lircrmore. .Stockton,
.;•".'- loce, Sacramento, PlaceirUle,
¦¦'.'¦¦ Marja»lllo. Chico. Ke<l Dliid Mil.ir
.•»»a»i •Milton, Oakdaloand Honora MiSO*
•o:<M»a Ilaywards. Nilea and Way SUUona. <ll<B3a
•9:OOa DaTia, Woodlasd. Heights Landing.
"•¦ ¦• llansTille, Orotille. •7:-83»
•BiOOn AUantia Diprcfu— OjJeu and Kast *U.-I3*
•BiOOa lUrtlnca, Tracy, LatUrop. Stockton,
•¦ . Mcro-u and k'renno. *12i13»
*B>OOa PcrtCosti. Fresno. Alojare and Los
A ucclrr •Ot-l.Tp
•IO:OOa Vallcjo. Martinez and Way Stations *O: I3r
•I I:OO» Ilaytrar Xv, KUea aril Way SUtiona. *2>t3»
•I2:OOm .Niks. LlTermore, Etockton. Bacn>
mento, MendoU. liiaford. VlsaUa,
Pcrtertlllo _ 771717 Mili»
fliOOp Sacramento l.'it er titetni«rs fnnio*
•BsOOp Hayward*. Nilea and Way Ststlcns. *3i I 3»
•4:OUP Muitlucr. Hau U.mnou. Villejo,
»'-'¦ • . Napiv UaiWngft, Koiita Roea *BiB9a
Mrntr Bratcia. TacaTille. Haeramcnto,
' . WootlUnd, Knlcbta Landing. #
•.•'•'¦• Marj«»lll«. OiotUl*. •lO<l3*
Mi»O»NUea Han Jose ami Mtockton •7tia»
•3:oorTh« Owl LimiteU— Tracy, Frarao.
. . ItakcrsUeM. Baiif-ta fur Santa liar-
ban. I,es Accel«i. 'lOtiSt.
«ssoor Sursct lirritcd— El Paso. Krw Or-
•• ¦ • ' leans and Eut «B*i43a
•3s3op Rtociton. Mfree.l. rresno *12i1.1p
*3130p Krrano. KaliersUeU', HoiiU I' irlmrs.
Los Anfclea L^jnlag; £1 Pmo^
Now Orloius and East *Si« 34
*3iS*r Banta Vu Kunto— Aiumlo Eipteas
for MoJaT« 1 tviul llmt *1«t1p
•OiOOp UaTwaida, NiluaaJSAa Jose *7;« >»
f«:3op Vallcjo •ISil.'Jp
•lino r Oriental Mall— OgJen and Fast •i:".Of
J7i«or Vallrjo. l'otl Coita anU Way bU-
". • Uona... t>s33r
•Si*3p Oregon and California Kipresi<,Hao-
-"'. ritiriento. MarjsTiliv. Reililliif,
Pwtlm>.>. r»gf> Somut ami 1:.t»» •"••l.'Ja
JESSIE, 273; near - MXnt-^Orie; .furnished .room In
¦ privat e:. family vpnly II a.:. week.; '¦¦-.¦ ¦•-? • !• :-.;:"¦•; : ¦ :-.
- *<Ul3a Nroark.CputerTllle.Man Joro. Frlton.
..;¦ RoulUerCrrek..Si:it»CruianaW«/
74 -•' Stations -.: «9ia«»
' t*<l3r Newark, CenterTille, fcan Joae, New "v .
¦' .-¦¦.'':.'-. . Alma Jen. t'eltoo, I'.onUler Creek,
.'¦-¦¦.':.'¦¦ •• fiasta Ctoz and I'riocipa.l Way
..": StaUonn., f l »« a «*
••* 1 1 .1 p Newark. Han Jose. Lcs Gatoa •O:8« 4
IlliSSr Htrntcro' Kietursisn. Saa Jose and
WayßtaHors... t7i»oy
LARKING 804--6urny .front room, furnished for
:.-' l^or 2 -.-persons , .J6 ;. s.rnan sunny^ ;.roorri; ¦ .s*;'•>¦ ;•',:.•.
MI S NaY - €57, cprhe r Elgh t h — Ke wl y '- f u rn t shed
¦ bay-windo\y.r©cna. .-il-'-per/iWeek;;-. transients'-/-..-
feCREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIS raißClSCO— rest of UuUi SiretMSUiSr—
->7:15 ;.. 0:00 . 11.004.M. JI:C3 ( *2:33 t3:C3
-.'.•l:C3 : "-: ; : tS:oa'.'*B:o3r.M. : ~'-'.--. ; " "¦ 1 "•;-.-.:'.
turn Oitii S3— Foot »r Brc*d». ».— -fl:C0 8.-00 JO:CO ».*.
.•¦:tl2:C3'-n:03.t2:C3.'-' •3^3=- 11:03- •S:«r.x.
O'FaRREI;I. : P^^uainy." furnished rooms and
ef flees ; 'iv/'i^^ .•'!»ctrlc.Mghtii:. day. -wk... mo.
BOSEbXVE>3»i Ellis, near Taylor^-100 rooms;
• tSc. a nlrh-t: 11: a: week r transient.-. ••¦
:¦¦•.¦¦¦.••¦•:•¦-¦ v-. •'-..¦•'¦ • =¦¦•¦¦ bailed.; ' . '." ' ' ¦/•¦;•'¦•. ¦
• ¦¦"''.. ':¦¦ ¦-••:- : -';- : '-" : .'-.'-. Wednesday. January &. •
¦¦ Btmr Alice Blanchard. Jeasen. Coos Bay.- : '".;•;
fi 'rfitv-:'; I : FOREiaN PORTSj - : - :.\: .\ y'- ''r'': , : :
: KOBE4-Satled Jaa ' »— Br stmr Lennox, for
Orecon. ; •'•.-¦ •'.••<•• •••.•¦•-'. " : •¦ v-- ••. •.•¦•-.•'.¦
• ; YOKOHA MA— Sailed Jazi : Sl— Bf Stmr Coptic,
for .San Francisco. . ¦'¦- '. • - ¦', • ¦ .-¦ • ¦ • ::
In sort Jan . 12— Schx Diana, Russian tj^tn
Bering, Russian stmr Bobrick, Russian simr
Kotic:..- -•:¦•'..:/-: v>. -'.-•¦.' •¦-•. •:...:•;-.." ::
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 18— Oer ichr Ebon.
hence Dec 22. with captain slok; Br ship Cham
£lon. ' from ' . Newcastle;': Jap stmr Youkima
lanl; from: Yokohama- Jan It — Br stmr. Bloem
fonteln.:-.from Seattle: Br ship-; Ant|ope, from
Tacoma ; ¦ ? Jan . : 20— Br ship ; Drutnmulr. from
Newcastle,. Aus: Haw bark lolanl. from.Na
nalmo;'Haw bark Mauna -Ala. hence Jan i.
Jan 21^-Haw bark: Santiago, hence Jan 6; Haw
achr Sunwise.- hence Jan 7. : . Jan 22^-Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru. hence Jan IS;, bark, Ceylon,
from Tacoma. ¦•-.• . •"••/ :- =-,; -\ : ; .;•:•.-.•>,•.;'¦ •.-.¦¦ .;,;•
•' Arrived ¦ Jan 19— Ship Luclle, ' from Tacoma:
Br stmr- : Tartar, hence Jan 11. .f0r Manila., ar
rived off port and landed mat! and proceeded: •¦
;:Off port Jan. 23— Br stmr Manuenae, from Ma
' Balled ..Jan: IS— Br stmr "Westminster, for MaY
rila: JaD «tmr Nanyo. Maru. for Puget Sound.'
Jan I^-Brlg WG.lrwin.for San Francisco; Br.
stmr -'Miowera;'' far 'Vancouver; schr Ruby- A-
Cousins... ; Jah 20^HaW ; ship Fort Qeorge. for
San. Francisco; >chr Alice Klmball, ;fpr.Ha
waiian Ddrts.-.: Jail 21-iSchr . Wlrislow. . for- San
¦ Francisco; schr., Rabeirt Lewers. . for San-Fran-'
Cisco. Jan 22-£Ger.;sehr : Eboh; - for -Marshall
Island:- schr. AHen'-A,- for- Tacoma. '-,'•.-• :•":'¦ .•'.-¦-v-j
. :•; To sail Jan 23-rSchrTH Smith; for Tacoma. -.
i'. : :¦¦'.. : --':i"'.'':\ OCEANS BTEAMfiRS: ; ;-:^: \- :: -.''- :
'¦':¦ • BREMEN— Afrlyed - Jaa : 31-?-3tmr WUiehaiS.
from. New- Yorki. •:¦;"., •¦'..- ,'.-¦'¦¦ '.-.V/.-;. .'-: i: :. ¦.•-.>¦• -.
. ".NErVV' . TORK-iArrived : Feb>. t^Stmr. Werra,
from. Genoa."- -. •" -¦• : -:-"- . 'j ¦¦¦¦/¦'. •:'"¦'.-¦'¦ ¦••:.•.. ."¦..•'
. BOUTHAMPTON-^ArrtTed Feb I— Stmr New;
York, from New York. ; Jan Slr^Stmr Trave.'
from Bremen, for New -York." •-'': - • ; ::¦ ':'¦:' .; ¦
ROYAL Hbuse.«6 Ellis st— lncandescent light.
reading room,. ernoking '-room and ladles' par-
¦lcr; rooms.' per night;' 3sc to $1 50; week, 32 to
". SJimoiithr V** to $30; elevator on office floor;
.-rooms -with hot and cold- water: baths.. '
SHERMAN; Apartment House. 28 Eighth at..
¦ near -Market— Furnished and unfurnished.' '
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A' good rooming house
'¦'.for good- ;peop!e^i'R.'. HUGHES, Proprietor.
TT'RK. 127-^Nlce'.*unny;f urnlehed rooms, t* to
. $!>; also-a front rooni: quiet house. ¦ . ,
TURK. 142S— Elegant large front' room; sun all
¦day; large--' closet;- gent. only. ¦' •' '.-.¦
16=10*. Ocean View. South bin i'raccisco. . t*>3U»
! *7:OOa Ban Josa ami Vimj Stations (N«w . ' ¦ i"
--¦--' .;¦'¦'¦ Alioadou WeJnesdaj^onlj) ...... •li»O»>
¦ »8iO»a hmJiwf, Tres Vluus. HnuU Crtia, '.-¦ . ,
'. ¦¦:'-: '•".- P»cllio liro»«. Vtan lloblea. Ban
/¦¦¦:'- ?' I.nli Cl>Ui>o, Btirf, LcEcpoc »uJ
" ... Prtaciral Wot Stations. .^...«.. *4iS«r
»l».IO»P.i)J(n»»nl \V«j .5tdt1nn5. ........ •«<S3a
•IHSOa Ban Jnae and W»r Ktotlous ....... *3i3or
-, «3i43p San Matco. lteilwuo.l, Menlo Park.
.'," ": • Palo Alto. Santa Clan, fcati .loae. • : . .'.- ¦•
-', ¦. ... Trea Plsoa Bauta Cmt BaUnaa
¦""¦ ¦' Uontexej ami l'aci He Grovs fl«il«*
' 'fSsSar Baa Joae and Way btatious *?:3»r
- fl:lSrBanJoseaii(l Principal Way Station! "J: i-"V*
?.•i:OOr San Jose and Principal \Va7SUUOBa t0:Oo*
i *3:30r Ban Jcae au>l Principal Way Butioua *>»:3."%*
*8::t0r Ban Jose ami V/ay 5tati0n5......... t a <O4>A
Hli4.">p San Josaaml Way Stations *7iUOf
WEBSTER, lE6o— Elegant sunny ' alcove: every
home comfort.:, etrtctly prlv.' f am.' ;• reasonable.
A for Moraine. . . . P for Afternoon.
'Daily. . . t Muiulay exeepted. I Bnnday ooty.
•.' ¦ ¦ • '." .• • 6 Saturday only. "• . • >¦ . .. ¦•-
and Frida j» « Thnndaya and Boadara,
A BRANCH office, for .Call' advertisements and
subscriptions • has •' been' ¦.established at ' the
" • northwest corner Of Twenty-second and. Ken-
ztuc+ty; ets.; .open Until J p.. m. :. : '..¦¦¦ .
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
. tleerrentß and eubßcrlptlona has been opened
at. IS3" Polk -.5t..-: open until. 9.s;" jn.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
lyt-tTlrtiong ha»be*n established at 109* Va-
¦Moiclirt.-'. :. ¦¦" :"'¦¦''¦ '.'¦. "-' '¦'."¦ '¦ .; ' :':: ':
GENT. wants furnished room; light and sunny;
•¦ state' rent -and- particulars. .'Box 1090,.. Call.
LA DlEP— Chlchester'B Engliea Pennyroyal Pllli
are the best: safe, reliable! take, no other;
Bend 4c stamps f-or particulars. . "Relief for.
' Ladies/ in letter by return ."tp'all; at drug-
girts: Chiche«ter Chemical Co.,'. Phtladel.. Pa.
ROOM!? papered from $3: 'whitened. II up;
painting done;. Hart man Paint Co,, 319 Third.
CALIFORNIA N9STBWESTERXRY. CO.
:>: >- : '::.'.' . : ; I_jESSEIE3 ¦':¦¦ ¦^¦::.:' : :- ¦.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
;.:'¦¦/. : RAILWAY COMPANY. : .\. \ ; .
: : .: Tlturon Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
BAJ» FRANCISCSO TO B AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00, 11^00 a. m. : 13:83.
J:5O. 5:10. »:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
-Vat'.U:3o p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:W
"¦and 11:39 p. m. '.-•»'¦'-: = ¦.•••".¦•.'•¦" -.."•'•
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 8:30, li a. m.; 1:30. 8:30.
: 6:00. «:20 p, m. . : v . r. ¦¦¦¦-¦::¦.¦-.¦¦:¦¦ ' ••: - . ¦
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCSO.
WEEK DAYS— B:i». ":S0 ; 9:20. 11:10 a, m.; 13:45.
.3:40.-5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 8:35 p.m. ¦.¦¦.••.¦;•:.":., . ••.-¦•:. -•.-.•¦•¦• ¦
SUNDAYS— B:IO. *:40, 11;W at m.; 1:40. 3:40. 5:03.
8:25 p- m. '.'".. ,:~ •¦¦..••.-,..-¦¦¦ %-/¦•.••.¦•¦.:-"•;¦• '"•¦.¦
"..Between Saa- ¦ Francisco and Schu«tx«n Park
same . schedule as . above.'- • ¦ "-¦" '-¦'.-¦'?/ ' •' v '•' ." - . ". ;;v,; ;v , ' .•.-¦ ¦
BAD tenants ejected' for J4; V-ollectlon» made;
: dly cr country. : PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
' .415 Montgomery *t..roorot 9-10: trt. ESJO.": .•
CHEAPEST and bept In America- The. Weekly
"Call. 16: rages,- e*jit. to any addreßs.in ¦ the
¦ United States.- prstpaid. for Jl per year. •.•:
SEWING M ACHI.NES AM) SUPPLIEJI.
RENTED, repaired; boupht. sold;- machine sup-,
plies. Standard. Ageacy.Us 6th-: phone Mint 45.
ALL -kinds bought.- «old.' «x<*Hanred. -rented :.-rer
• palr'.njr at l«w*"t "'raten'. -. JOS Fourth *t.. • ;"
¦ ; ' :. .- : -: ¦ • '¦: :¦'¦'¦ ' ¦:Fuito».v,'| : :: ;; . :..l "-•
T :80 am :'£, '¦ ' Windsor. ¦" I- "j".- -"•¦". TUM am
¦-¦...¦; : . . ¦¦-..'• fiealdsburg. I ¦-.. -¦.'• I. '•
¦ •".'> .¦'..".¦. '.- Lytton. •'-. ¦¦•¦I "¦ '. ¦ -.¦-.•]•.•.. -\ ••
¦¦••'¦-¦•¦.¦ '¦• Geyserville. 1 - f • ¦'¦":'['' '¦-
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. f 7:83 pmf 6:22 pm
7:30 amt ¦;':"..¦ I Hopland aad I > .'¦•'¦. t .' ."
. I 8:00 amr Uklah. -- [ T:S3 pmf 8:23 pm
.STOHAGB A?l'D :>V.»JIjEHQUSB9.".- .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
: Qfflr*. 401 Fcpt *t.. cor. Powell: trt. Main 5718
7:3oamr ;•: I •:•;. -I- 110:35 am
¦•> I 8:00 ami GuernevUla. I 7:Bspmf'
8:30 pm" \ " .r t : •¦- •"¦: I , [1:23 pm
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A HOME— Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you on* A,' R. DENKB Sr..'
- 1400 Webster tt.: Alameda.' . ¦ • .-
OAKIINI* ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOB; BROADWAY.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa, for Mark West
Springs and- White- Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for. Lytton Springs ;¦ at Geyservllls- for Bkag*»
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land . for Duncan Springs^ Highland Springs.
KelEeyville.' Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and. Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Spring*, Blue. Lakes, Lausel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs^ Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. Jobn Day'» r Riverside. LJerley's.
BucknelVs. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr'a
Hot Springs, Mendoclno ¦ City. " Fort Bragg.
"Westport, . Usal. Wllllts, ' Laytonville, Cum-
mings's. B«U's Scrlcsrs. Harris, Olaen's. Dyer,
Fectiu and Eureka. • ¦ • •¦
Saturday to Monday round trip. tickets at re-
duced rates. •¦'- ¦ ..'¦•¦ .'.' • .
'. On . Sunday round trip tickets .to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. Ci. WHITING. .... R. X. RYAN.
;• ' General Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agent. .
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyrlghti 1900." by H. ¦H. Egbert)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, ! Wednesday, January SI, 1900.— Weather fine. . Track fast.
712. FIRST. RACEr^Flve and a half furlongs: selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
PAYING grocery store; doing a fine business;
rraln 4nd cob.l; good reason for selling. E. E.
13UXCE. J»CB Broadway, Oakland. • -
HEAL ESTATE — -COUATUY — For Sale
AVERAGE inc&rae over 811.*) a year; un«*qualed
loca-tion end most! magnificent orchard home
in the State; Sacrificed at KV<^:- worth 8l0,0f"0;
free of debt,-. but peculiar drcumstancea com-
. pels sale. - IN.: IX. FIOKELS— THK LAND
AGENT. 10 G^arv, opp. Chronicle b!dg., S F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHAv
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling tt
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU..I Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 81
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market ar. corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
LOT in Sari Francisco trade for carpenter
work. £. E. BUNCE, 9CB Broadway, Oakland.
CHEAPEST an 3 best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pag»»R,' sent to any address In the
United State*, postpaid, for ?1 per rear.
6ANTA CLARA "Valley fruit, farming and
• etock lands; owner's «ale In tracts of S to COO
¦ acres; easy terms. .- trr -"will exchange for Ban
Francisco property. Apply to C. 11. PHIL-
LIPS and O. C. VACHELL. room 40, eighth
' floor. Mills building, hours 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.
OAKL.AAD FUR.MSHKD ROOMS.
FRANKLIN. 1427— Sunny rooms; newly, fw-
nlthed; near to narrow gauge.
O.UvI.A.M) 1 1.11.M TUltli FOIL BALK.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
furaiture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
f&tPflB£9ff* The s - s - Australia
IKISISIii «»»¦ for Honolulu
1 fc "¦• Wednesday. Feb. 7.
V — »w "«>. at 2 p. m.
OhC'CTv^ The S. S. Alameda
>JPJ|{n^n () J wills via Honolulu and
Cyi"" l -""^ Auckland for Sydney
Favorite line around' the world via Hawaii
Parroa, New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez,
England, etc: 8610 first class.
). 0. SPKfCKELS & BhOa. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montaomcn
Piar 7. Foot Pacific St Freight 0tf1ce.327 Market 3L
COMPAONIE 6SNIRALE TKANSATLAHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. fT .^_
Kalllng every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 8, 1593, at -»3"*'*ifes»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton St.: LA NORMANDIE. Feb. 1: •LA
BRETAGNE. Feb. 8; L'AQUITAINE. Feb. 15;
LA GASCOGNE. Feb. 22. First-class to Havre.
860 and upward; 6 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. 8-15; & per cent re-
duction on round trip. • GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. S3
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI A CO.. . Paciflo Coast Agents. I
Montgomery aye.. Pan Francisco. - - .
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEBS.
FOLSOM, ftS— Large" bay-window room for
housekeeping; rent-SS. ..'". ••
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello." -
MON., Tuea., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at t:43
a. m. ; 8:12, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. •
FARE '• ~. Mo
SEALED Drbtiosals will be received at the of-
• flee of the-Llirhthouae Inspector, 'San Fran-
cisco. Cal..' until 12 o'clock m., March i, 1900.
and then opened, for furnishing and deliver-*
ins t\ie\ for -vessels and stations. In the
Twelfth. Lighthouse District for the flucal
year ending June 30. ISOI, In accordance with
specifications, copies of which, with blank
proposals and . information, may be had 'upon
application to .JU.: 6EBREB, Commander, U.
S. N. , ".¦..' - • . • -..
FOLSOM. E2s— Large, cunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; 81 SO week. ;..
FOLSOM. f 34— Sunny front room and kitchen;.
¦Ink: clorets; bath; modera house; private;
82 60 a week. : ¦
FRANKLIN, 21— Newport House; housekeeping
rooms; also single; every convenience.
Tlme^-3-18. :IS%; 7-16. :42H: 6Hf. 1:07. Bad start- Won easily, second and third driving.
Winner, O. P. Romigh's b. m., by Hlmyar-Janet. High Hoe experienced -nothing to in
terrupt her happiness. With -a stronger ride Wyoming would have been elected. Whit
comb bolted after leaving barrier. Scratched— Faversham 120, Carter H. Harrison Jr. 117.
Tirade 128, Duke of York II 125. .
713. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400
Time— U, :24\4: tf. :* 9^: H. 1:15 - Straggling start Won easily, second and third driving.
Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co. s eh. c, by Goldflnch-Lydla. Asian ran like a good one to-
714. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, J350.
Time— V*. H. :48^4: %' I:13H- Oood start. Won first three driving. Winner. R.
Hughes'b. m., by El Rio Rey-Fonsetta, A toss up. and Jennie Reid won on the nod. Mon
tallade cut off, and later crowded, -was perhaps best. Jones put up a weak finish on St.
Cuthbert. Scratched— Sister Alice 105, Mary Klnsella 101. Horton 107, Lady Britannic 101.
715. FOURTH RACE— MiIe and a sixteenth: three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Tlme-1-16. :06% : 6-l«, :S1: 9-18 :86%; 13-U. 1:21%; mile, l:40H: 1 l-16m. 1:46%. Good start. Won
easily, second and third driving. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s - eh. g., by Red Iron-Lily
' w'rlght. Winner was fortunate.' Dr. Nembula away badly and compelled to go the over
land. Red Pirate also badly ridden; with more vigorous riding could have scored. Scratched
—Tom Cromwell 109. _ - . " - .-i.--.-r.
7 10. FIFTH RACB5— Mile and a sixteenth: selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, MOO.
Time— V4. :13; %. :87V4; H. l:02V4: %. 1:27; mile, 1:40^: lHm. 1:53. Good. start. Won easily, sec
ond and. third driving. Winner. C. E. Durnell's b. g., by Raclne-Pow Wow. Potente eased
up at end.-_ Malaj^buinpedatflrst^rn^C^astrophe gaye^ jt^up^ln^the jjtretch. '__.*¦:
717. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; free handicap; ; three-year-olds; purse, S5«O.
Time— H. :U: H. :3?: %. 1:«U4: %, 1:26^. Good start.. Won easily,^ second and third drtvlnjc.
, Winner, J. F. Schorr's eh. 0.. by Cayuga-Prosperlty. > Brode left his company when asked
•to. Others tired and Spencer dropped Anjou la second. Diomed away poorly.' Constellator
HOWARD. 1124— Large front room aad kitchen.
¦ furalched compiete for housekeeping.
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC RfiILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days^ 9:30 a.,m. and 1:43 d. m.
Sundays ?.S;00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trains.
» Fare— San Francisco. to Summit and Return,
: . : i^'-'. ; :.r:t' : ¦'¦'¦ DIED. ¦. ;¦;.. ¦. -.[:
.' Condon; John • ¦ -.-:'.»': Lasar, Marcus
.-." Casey.' Benjamin ¦•; Ludwig, Harry OL ¦'
.-De Rare, Sluve / Muller. John •
"¦ ' Drpssner,- Jack ¦" ¦ •' ' Newton, Frank W.
Englander. F. E. . Noel. Elisabeth
:.: .' Gaspar, Augustus . Radanovlch, John : ' •
: Gilliss. Major Geo. P. " Regan, Jeremiah H.-
• Glunz, George . . .. : . .. Riley, Maggie 6. ¦" ' ¦
vGreves. David •• ••¦ Rummels/ Naomi F»-"'
. Hammeromith, Chaa.' . Smith, Viola ¦
; Higgins, William L. Smyth. Simon .':.':
'.: Horan. George G. ¦ : Bpittal. William Jr.
Hughston, Qeorg-e J. ¦ Stoffers, Sophie C. •
/Kleley, Michael M. Wall, John J. . '¦
Kohn. Jacob :¦: "Walsh. Robert
Lafferty, Mary . .. . ; "Wlssel, August J. .-. •
CONDON^-In this city, . January 80, 1900, John
¦-.'D.,. beloved son of John D. and Agnes Con-
don. a. native of San Francisco, aged 6 months
¦':'. and 4 days. ; '¦[ ' ¦¦¦-,'¦¦ ¦ '.."¦' ¦ "'.'¦
'.'¦" • ©cJrTh* funeral will take place this day
''.- .'-'{Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resl-
¦r dence. of .the parents, 1523H Dolores street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . . .
CASEY— In .Wadsworth; Nev., January 23, 1900,
. Benjamin:; Casey of -Tlburon, Maxln County,
..-- beloved husband of Annie Casey, arrd father
•' of. Benjamin H; Casey, a native of . Kalama-
,'-.-. boo. -Mich., aged 33 years. ¦•.¦¦•••.•.' -. ••- •
- C^Friends and., acquaintances . are invited
'.'• to attend the funeral , this . day (Thursday),
¦ at .10:15- o'clock, from the undertaking par-
.' - Iprs of Edward Eden, San Rafael, thence to
.' : St:- itaphaer s Church,- where a requiem mass
¦ '¦-'¦ will be said: for the repose of his boul, com-
;." ¦ men'clhg.'-at -10:30 o'clock,: .Interment . Mount.
'•:;. Olivet;: Cemetery: ; s; . ..•;• ; ;¦-:>"; ;".-: / --:>-''. '¦?.:.-&'•:
DE BARE-e-InithUiclty, January 31. 1900, Sluve
••¦-de Bare.' beloved mother- of ' Mrs. : S. Rudy,-.
. Mrs. H. Rlfklnd, Mrs. P.; H: Engelbert and
\ •". J., : M. de Bare, a native of Russia, aged. 78
-¦ ¦: years;'.'.- .;• ' ¦ ' ' '.- .-.-.•:• 1 ,"-v . ; ¦•" : - ••¦ ." '' '¦'-¦¦'¦¦¦. ? ."
DROSSNER— In this city. January 31, 1900. : enr
• ; - tere4 Into rest, ' Jack; • dearly beloved ' husband
v. of Ray Drossner, father of Karl J: and.- Donna'
V: AY Drossnef.' and brother of Mre r M. Jonaa
•and-A'. and I. I>roBsner, a native of Prussia.
• aged *0 years and 3 months. .';.:.' .. •'-. • ¦
.-' :': ' C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
•' ¦ fally invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-
¦ (Friday), at I:4s. o'clock" from his late resl-:
dence 2506 Flllmore street, under the au's-
rices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M,
. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery by 3:30
. o'clock train . from. Third and Townsend
¦. streets.. '-. . . • ",• ,'.-'¦¦ •....'¦¦."¦'
ENGLANDER— In this city. January *t 1900,
F. E. Enclander. a native ;of, Prussia, aged
56 years and 3 months.;. .-.'., .; .
GASPAR— In East Oakland, January 29, 1900,:
Augustus, beloved husband of Anna Gaspar,'
' and father of Joseph M., August F. and Peter
Caspar, a native of Fayal, Azores, aged 60
' years. A member of Bay District Lodge No.
226. A. O. U. Wm and U. P. E. C. No. 7. .
' C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 :30o" clock, from his late resi-
dence. Sl6 East Sixteenth 'street;, thence to
:• 6t. : . Anthony's Church, where a solemn re-
quieni mass will be celebrated for the repose
¦of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.. Inter-
ment St.. Mary ; s Cemetery; Oakland. .';, "
-GILLISS— In this city. January 30 ; 1900, Major
. Oorge P. Gilliss, beloved husband vof Kate
Gilllss; and father of Laura Gilliss, a native
of Washington, .D. C... aged 74 .years.4 months
and l.day.: '.-•• ¦ ..-¦. : .'••• -" > •-. • . . ; -.:-
' ¦ ETFriends ! utd ' acquaintances are ¦ respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, this day
' (Thursday).- at 1 o'clock. 'from. -his -late resN
dence. 2218 Jackson street/ Interment private.
GI.UNZ— In : Los Angeles, .January 30, 1900,
George, son of Christian and' Elizabeth Glunz,
-and brother of ; John. Albert. Charles i . and
• Elisabeth Gluriz. and Mrs. Annle.:Luhr..a na-.
¦" tlve of Evansvlllet.'lnd.i. 'aged SS' years and «
. months,. ¦ .' . ¦'-'¦.'¦'¦' -•¦ . ' ' : ' : - ". . ..-.'/'
¦ - (£7"Frlends and ; acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to . attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday)-, at 2 o'clock, at the restr
dence of the oarents. 932- Magnolia street,.
Oakland. : Interment Mountain View Ceme-
'.' tery. •¦; ..'-v /;•¦"•¦¦. •- r -;-.¦•:¦-..-..:,.;
GRJ2VESr~In this city. January SL 1900, David,
.- . 'beloved husband of the late Mary Ann
'-Graves, and father, .of James, Hiram. David
'and George Greves.and the late William H.
Greyes. und father of James. Hiram. David
- Greenock, Scotland, aged 81 years 6. months
• and 20 days.:. (Greenock, Scotland, papers
please copy.) •¦ ' •¦ • •: . -. ¦¦ ' '.'.'.
¦.'¦". .fpr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend thefuneral to-morrow
(Friday); at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
¦'. dence, 15 De Bbtim . street. • Interment ¦ L O.
.' O. F. Cemetery. ..":•; '':¦}¦ .. .¦ '¦ •• :V. ' •." ' ¦
HAMMERSMITH-rln this city. January 81.
1900, Charles, • youngest child of Charles and
.Mamie Hammer»rnith. a native of San Fran-
.- Cisco, aged 10. months. ¦:'¦"• " ,' ¦ ' ¦ •; •
HIGGINS-rln this- city. January 81. 1900, Wll-
itam L. Higgins, •: father of William B. and
Edward :Hlgglns, a native of Virginia, aged 72
"years and '10 months. ¦ (Norfolk, ¦" Va., and
'-Baltimore, Md., papers' please Copy,):, • .
HOR'AN^rln this city. January 30. 1900. George
; Gutbrle^ beloved son of Frances and the late
¦V J: •<*¦ Horan. and brother of Francis W; and
• " Frances* ; F. Horkn,' a native of . San Fran-
.:'¦'¦• Cisco, a*ed-.SB years... ¦ . ".. "
¦ . ICT Friends" and acquaintances are re«p*ct-
'-' -fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ <lTiursday)," at- 9 o'clock, from his' late resl-'
-'dence. -2049 Pine street, thence to. St. Mary's
; '• Cathedral, -where a requiem mass will be cele-
¦ fcrated for the repose of his soul, commeno-
: ing at 9:30 o'clock... Interment Mount Cal-
.. -vary. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HUGHSTON— In this city, January 30, 1900,
..' George j; Hughston, a native of the State of
••New York, aged 60. years. . •
J ". . C7"Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the -funeral this day
•.(Thursday). >t I:3o. o' clock, from the parlors'
• : of Craig. Cochran & Co., 62 Mint avenue. In-
•terment Cypress - Lawn Cemetery via 3:30
. o'clock train' from ' Third - and Townsend
• streets.- . i ' ', .".'.:¦'¦ ¦ '..- -n ¦,"• '¦ '.• ¦¦ ; .
KIELEY— In tftla city, January 81. 1900, Michael
M. Kieley, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years.
KOHN— In this' city; January 81. 1500, Jacob,
• beloved husband of Annie Kohn.' and father
of Tlllle and Walter Kohn; and Mrs. MJ- M.
Kahn, a native." .of Hungary, aged 61 years
6 months arid 14 days. ¦ i " • • • .'. :
. jn7Frlends : and -acquaintances- are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Friday);, at. 10 o'clock, from his late resl-
¦ ¦ dence, 16118 Sutter street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
¦Third and Townsend streets. • •
WASHINGTON Lodge No. 60. A. O. U. '"W.;
San Francisco Lodge. No. 1922. K. of H.—
Officers and. members of the above orders are
" reepectfiilly requested to attend the funeral of
• Brother J. Kohn, deceased, from his i late
residence, 16UB S.utter street, to-morrow (Frl-
' day), at 10 o'clock. .'
LAFFERTY— In thla . cltr. January 80, 1900,
Mdry. relict of the late ' Owen Lafferty. and
mother of Mrs. George McDonald, Mrs. Wal-
" ter McCoy. Daniel, Alexander, May and Ll«-
«ie- Lafferty and the late Patrick, Eugene,
¦ James and John Lefferty, a native of County
Donegal, Ireland, aged f.5 years. . •
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 177 California avenue, off Mission
street, between Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a requiem,
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at B o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
LASAR— January 80, 1900, Marcus, beloved hus-
band of Hannah Lacar. father of Harolde
Laaar, son of Emanuel Lasar, and brother of
Mrs. Henry Sugiklnd, Mrs. Maurice Getz.
Mrs. Nathan Coblentz and Isaao Lasar of
San Luis Oblarjo.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. 1716 Post street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock
train from Thtrd and Townsend streets.
LUDWIG— At Sherman Inland. January 24, 1900
Harry C. beloved husband of Lizzie Ludwig
. father of Harry D. Ludwig, beloved son of
John C. and Mary E. Ludwig, and brother of
John, William and Andrew Ludwig, a native
of San Francisco, aged 23 years 5 months and
8 days.
MULLBR— In this city, January 81, 1900, John
¦ Muller, cousin of Nlcolaus and Diedrich Mul-
ler and Mrs. H. Dllling, a native of Germany
aged 75 years 6 months and 7 days H .
" CTFriends-and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock. • from the parlors of
H. F. suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Elerhth. Interment I." O.
O. F. Cemetery.
NEWTON— In this city, January 31. 1900, Frank
W, Newton, beloved husband of Tlllie L.
¦ Newton, a native of lowa, aged 46 years. *"
NOEL^-In this 1 city. January 29, ISOO, Eliza-
beth, -wife of Lewis Noel, and mother of Mrs
Fahnle Hughes and Lewis, Samuel, Marcel-
la and Nellie Noel, a native of County KU-
dare. Ireland, aged £7 years. .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday); from her late residence, 547 First
street, thence to St. Brendan's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
• pose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Jlount Calvary Cemetery;. .
RADANOVICH— In this city, January 30, 1900,
John Radanovich, a native of Boche dl Cat-
taro, Mokrlne, Austria. -aged 28 f years. A
member of Magnolia Lodge , No. . 29, I. O. O.
IXAVENWOitTH, 2^— Large unfurnished bay-
window rr>om; housekeeping; adults; 810.
LEWIS. IS. eff Taylor, near Post— Newly fur-
t!f*hed bedroom and kitchen; 8U; with a
rtove. . .
11
t'ndex. Home. Age. W«ight|sh Mm." *Am. Km? Btr, Fin.' | Jockeys. . |Op. q|
675, High Hoe, 5 ..-... ..115 1 ; ... 11 • 18 18 • 1 !<4 Jenkins .:..... "3 4
692 Wyoming, a ........117 « ;.. •« h c 4 H 4l : 23: T. Wa15h...... «-5 9-5
660 Rosalbra, 6; ..120 4 ... 5h Hi J.H.- 3 4 ... Hennessey ¦ ... 30 20
(672) Revanna, 4 128 2 .... 8 1 5h 6 1 4 4 Picgott ....... 4 6
605 Rio Chlco, 4 ....:. ..UT T ;.^. 7 6 1 6H, (H Bullman : 8 U
STi Amasa. 6 117 3 . ... . 3H !h Bh 6 8 1. P0we11...... 10 20
681 Yarubo, 4 ..; ..117 5 .... . 4H 7 7 7 Morgan .»= U .20
678 Whltcomb. « 117[ Left ... •¦ ... • ... ... E. Jones.. 5 4
ntlex. Home. A*e. W«lsht.|St. %m. ; Hm. %m. Str. Fin. } Jockey*. |Op. CT.
651 Anlan, 3 ........... .1081 B ~. •8 4 2 1 II UK Sp«ncer 5 1
63* Ella Boland. 8..... W » ... 18 ':. U 11 In Henry 8-5 17-10
887 Boundlee, 8 ........ 1M 1 ... II • 86 I 5 8 4 Bullman 1 X
878 St. Anthony. 8 ....101 S , ... 4 W. .. 415 413 413 T. Walsh 13 20
700 St. Isidore. 4 108 4 ...;-;-; B;};: 6 6 6 Dletro 60 600
105 Pldalla. 8 99 l*ft ... ... ?, J. Martin 15 160
nder. Horse. Ag>. Weight. |St.
563 Jennl* Reid, 4...... 104 1
«72 Pomplno, 4, 100 3
673 MontaHade. * ......103 3
689 St. Cuthbert. 5... ..107 S
690 Alari*. 4 9f 4
691 Tlburon, 4 104 7
673 DoKtown. B ..........106 6
660 Soclallßt. 5 .'. i-107 8
Vim.
Vim.
Hm..
1 1
I h
6 V 4
3h
7 V 4
4 h
5V4
Hm.
Km.
22.
1 h
6 h
S 2
8 '
7 1.
4 h .
(h
%m.
Btr.
Im
82
6 2
4 h
. 7 1
8
6tr.
Fin. | Jockey*. |Op. Cl.
Ins Bullman „....! i»" 15
2V, Henry ;... 8 . 8
8 h T. Walsh i S. 7-8
4 H B. Jones J-2 13-5
6 h Fauntleroy ... 10 12
6 1 Morgan' 5 7
7 3 E. Rosi 20 40
8 Jenkins ....... 6 1
Fin.
Jockey*.
|Op.
a.
ndex: Horse.
A ire.
>lght.|St.
%m.
Hn.
%m.
Str.
Pin.
Jockeys.
|Op.
Cl.
Wl OMnthus, 4.....J...... M 1
679 Dr Nembula, 4..... 100 7
70S Red Pirate. 4 104 3
631 San.Venado. 5.......J09 2
705 Grand Sachem, 5...106 5
644 Rlnpnaater, 6.......106 6
E52 JudKe Wofford. 4... 104 4
i l
S 2
8 h
4 1
lltt
6b
» 1.
8 n
6 3
4H
1<
68
7
11
»H
4%
5 3
2h
6 10
: 7 ..-
i i
!«
5 1
4H
62
6 13 '
7
In T. Walsh
2 ns R. Ross..
3 6 Vlttltoe
4 4 Jenkins .......
6 4 K. Jones
\ 612 Henry '.
7 Bullman ......
8-5 "
7-5
6
6
30
40
S
7-5
4
1J
60
101
ndez. Jiora*.
679 Potente, 6.. 109
679 Formero. 4 105
614 Malay. 4............ ..106
d 69 Cata«trophe/ • 104
690) Perseus, a M
Ag«.
Weight.
[SU
it.
t
5
4;'
S
¦Hm.
2tt
5
Km.
to.
2 1
4% .
Hm.
1 f
. 4 h
%m.
Btr.
•II . •
S h '
5
4 1
Btr.
Fin.
13
2 t
3 I
4 1
5
Fin.
| - Jockeys. |Qp. Cl.
~|t. Walßh 6-6 «-5
Bullman 10 12
E. J0ne5....... 8-5 -7-g
Jenkins 3 11-5
J. Martin...... 15 60
:nd-x.
Horse.
Welght.|St.
a
3 -¦
1
«
4
5-
2 h .
• 4 h- .
•l M
63
8 2
6 i ,
Hm.
44m. •
31
.6 . '
• 1 H.
4 3*
it
5 h
Mm.
' %m.
In
c ¦ "
1 h
4 1
8 1
6 1
%m.
Str.
; •-¦ 1 H "
6 2
2 n
4 1j
8 n •
¦ . « ,-, .
Str.
Fin.
1 4
2 1
2%
4 3
62
8
Fin.
| Jockfy.
Bullman
Spencer i .......
E. Jones..'.;'...
T. Walsh
EX R055...'..;..
Ranch
|Op.
Cl.
(705) F. W. Brode 121
705 AnJ0ur.V.. ....... 116
705 Bathos 106
(896) Dlomed ........... .r.llO
<67 Constellator .........100
69S Mission ...•.......;.:. 80
3-4 4-!
6-2 13-i
9- X
9 :
v '.;¦ v
t'ndex. Home. Age. W«ight|sh Mm." *Am. Km? Btr, Fin.' | Jockeys. . |Op. q|
675, High Hoe, 5 ..-... ..115 1 ; ... 11 • 18 18 • 1 !<4 Jenkins .:..... "3 4
692 Wyoming, a ........117 « ;.. •« h c 4 H 4l : 23: T. Wa15h...... «-5 9-5
660 Rosalbra, 6; ..120 4 ... 5h Hi J.H.- 3 4 ... Hennessey ¦ ... 30 20
(672) Revanna, 4 128 2 .... 8 1 5h 6 1 4 4 Picgott ....... 4 6
605 Rio Chlco, 4 ....:. ..UT T ;.^. 7 6 1 6H, (H Bullman : 8 U
STi Amasa. 6 117 3 . ... . 3H !h Bh 6 8 1. P0we11...... 10 20
681 Yarubo, 4 ..; ..117 5 .... . 4H 7 7 7 Morgan .»= U .20
678 Whltcomb. « 117[ Left ... •¦ ... • ... ... E. Jones.. 5 4
ntlex. Home. A*e. W«lsht.|St. %m. ; Hm. %m. Str. Fin. } Jockey*. |Op. CT.
651 Anlan, 3 ........... .1081 B ~. •8 4 2 1 II UK Sp«ncer 5 1
63* Ella Boland. 8..... W » ... 18 ':. U 11 In Henry 8-5 17-10
887 Boundlee, 8 ........ 1M 1 ... II • 86 I 5 8 4 Bullman 1 X
878 St. Anthony. 8 ....101 S , ... 4 W. .. 415 413 413 T. Walsh 13 20
700 St. Isidore. 4 108 4 ...;-;-; B;};: 6 6 6 Dletro 60 600
105 Pldalla. 8 99 l*ft ... ... ?, J. Martin 15 160
nder. Horse. Ag>. Weight. |St.
563 Jennl* Reid, 4...... 104 1
«72 Pomplno, 4, 100 3
673 MontaHade. * ......103 3
689 St. Cuthbert. 5... ..107 S
690 Alari*. 4 9f 4
691 Tlburon, 4 104 7
673 DoKtown. B ..........106 6
660 Soclallßt. 5 .'. i-107 8
Vim.
Vim.
Hm..
1 1
I h
6 V 4
3h
7 V 4
4 h
5V4
Hm.
Km.
22.
1 h
6 h
S 2
8 '
7 1.
4 h .
(h
%m.
Btr.
Im
82
6 2
4 h
. 7 1
8
6tr.
Fin. | Jockey*. |Op. Cl.
Ins Bullman „....! i»" 15
2V, Henry ;... 8 . 8
8 h T. Walsh i S. 7-8
4 H B. Jones J-2 13-5
6 h Fauntleroy ... 10 12
6 1 Morgan' 5 7
7 3 E. Rosi 20 40
8 Jenkins ....... 6 1
Fin.
Jockey*.
|Op.
a.
ndex: Horse.
A ire.
>lght.|St.
%m.
Hn.
%m.
Str.
Pin.
Jockeys.
|Op.
Cl.
Wl OMnthus, 4.....J...... M 1
679 Dr Nembula, 4..... 100 7
70S Red Pirate. 4 104 3
631 San.Venado. 5.......J09 2
705 Grand Sachem, 5...106 5
644 Rlnpnaater, 6.......106 6
E52 JudKe Wofford. 4... 104 4
i l
S 2
8 h
4 1
lltt
6b
» 1.
8 n
6 3
4H
1<
68
7
11
»H
4%
5 3
2h
6 10
: 7 ..-
i i
!«
5 1
4H
62
6 13 '
7
In T. Walsh
2 ns R. Ross..
3 6 Vlttltoe
4 4 Jenkins .......
6 4 K. Jones
\ 612 Henry '.
7 Bullman ......
8-5 "
7-5
6
6
30
40
S
7-5
4
1J
60
101
ndez. Jiora*.
679 Potente, 6.. 109
679 Formero. 4 105
614 Malay. 4............ ..106
d 69 Cata«trophe/ • 104
690) Perseus, a M
Ag«.
Weight.
[SU
it.
t
5
4;'
S
¦Hm.
2tt
5
Km.
to.
2 1
4% .
Hm.
1 f
. 4 h
%m.
Btr.
•II . •
S h '
5
4 1
Btr.
Fin.
13
2 t
3 I
4 1
5
Fin.
| - Jockeys. |Qp. Cl.
~|t. Walßh 6-6 «-5
Bullman 10 12
E. J0ne5....... 8-5 -7-g
Jenkins 3 11-5
J. Martin...... 15 60
:nd-x.
Horse.
Welght.|St.
a
3 -¦
1
«
4
5-
2 h .
• 4 h- .
•l M
63
8 2
6 i ,
Hm.
44m. •
31
.6 . '
• 1 H.
4 3*
it
5 h
Mm.
' %m.
In
c ¦ "
1 h
4 1
8 1
6 1
%m.
Str.
; •-¦ 1 H "
6 2
2 n
4 1j
8 n •
¦ . « ,-, .
Str.
Fin.
1 4
2 1
2%
4 3
62
8
Fin.
| Jockfy.
Bullman
Spencer i .......
E. Jones..'.;'...
T. Walsh
EX R055...'..;..
Ranch
|Op.
Cl.
(705) F. W. Brode 121
705 AnJ0ur.V.. ....... 116
705 Bathos 106
(896) Dlomed ........... .r.llO
<67 Constellator .........100
69S Mission ...•.......;.:. 80
3-4 4-!
6-2 13-i
9- X
9 :
v '.;¦ vOUR NEW OFFICES,
Southwest corner of MarKet and Sixth, are the
.• • most complete west of New YorK- They are fit- ,
.... ted up with the most rrjodern appHa O ces for the •
• -practice of PAINLESS DENTISTRY. We con-
tinue to. do first-class guaranteed worK for ;V "
these remarKably low prices: .. , :
I flay. Written guarantee K> yr«. , ViV IV VDtlll A/I "
, Full Bet if Teeth, pain- . - , T X " ? rVVFVriTI
lees extractions fre«.. 54.00 up i • ioiid new unun -
Gold-Crowns, 22-k...... 3^SO up , PUR NEW HOME),
: r S :-iszz •¦••siTS • 1001 MBPkot 6tp « t -
.Specialty. We &v ga». J S. W. Corner Sixth.
*" ' I— ?•» »• . »«» SEE ELECTRIC DISPLAY. v
T ea and Coffee' drlnKer* ore prob-. ' ;
ably more portlcular about ' ..tbeJr -.-
purchases of -'thote . articles than ;-. :
about doy'-hlng else In the; grocery : •
line..- W-e've. rnaee d great. study of;.'; •'.
the t-n cud ceffee question qnd can'- ,-¦'
ptecse cli.tastes.'y;/^;,. >•;.'.¦;¦..' . : . ¦ , ¦;¦ ';¦,
BACON, per Ib 15c
Finest eastern ;iuiear. cared. ':¦'¦: ,' : .X '•:•' '•"•,'¦ "¦-.'','
' R?£ul&rl}\ Isc. '.- : "; : :..-'- : : ¦-¦ ¦::- : ";.'.'—'^-:'.*' :'-/¦-¦:
EGGS, finest ranch^ iloz . v. WZJ&Q
LAUNDRY SOAP 7 8 cakes 2oc
' Fairbanks' "SVhiw Eta.r jbraitd. '.•...¦¦'.. '- ; ' -y '¦;;.
¦'..'• Itfrulariy C for tic.. V. ."^-•¦.".' : : '.¦)¦ "! ¦**/¦?•.. '¦':¦'¦¦'
PORT AND;SHERiY^:I¥.-.25c
S3l:oh.v. i ..61:00
Choice, old Cal'fcrr.!a wi^e*. ; .' ¦ • : j : --"".~.,C;
.. ReEuiarly 2Sc ar.d 11 80. •¦/'¦¦¦¦:... . .'• ¦ ¦ ' ''¦. J ¦ • '.-. •¦
PINEAPPLE, sliced, large M. i.-. 15c
•'. •'¦-' Put uo In Elneapore. .•:¦: '. :" ¦';'¦:.' : }\ .'¦¦..'.:•
Regularly I9c • ¦'•:•¦ .' ¦¦'-¦ »". .'•/.:...
WHISKEY, bot.v7sc; 3 b0t5.. 52.00
; r - .;, ;'^-
:" : E. C. . Berry Sprlnr 'SO Bourbon. " -. '¦--':¦/, "¦• '¦
. .. Straistit "rood*. --'• :•• • ¦¦•.¦"¦• .: *
'.Regularly II 09 and Si 00. " • ..: : . /•":".••
TABLE SYRDP,
Finest c'JaJlty Eaatern cyrup.'-:
Very (3»?licit>u« with hot cakes. . .
Regularly Tic,
MAIL ORDERS "OLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
was about 5 feet 7& Inches tall and wore
a dark suit. That was all the description
Fisher could give. He did not see -the
second man. Detective Reynolds was. de
tailed on the case. . •-.' .' '.-
of failure to provide; Julia Xundle from
John L>undle on the ground of neglect,
and- Law nee S. Graves from Edith
Graves on the ground of desertion. Su
san Lindsay has sued Orville Andrew
Lindsay for a divorce, alleging desertion
as cause of action. . .
PLOT TO BLOW
UP BUILDINGS
IN CHINATOWN
PynamiteJs Stored
DISCOVERED BY DETECTIVES
•:'¦•¦ ¦¦-'-¦¦''•¦ ' ••'"'•" — — - '¦'¦: '-. ''< '¦ :" •'¦
FOUR IX)TTEBY COMPAUTES ABE
AGAIN OPEN FOB BUSENXSa
Detective George McMahon and Officer
Burke, who have been active in the sup
pression of highbinder crimes in China
town since the recent war was inaugu
rated, last night discovered and frustrated
what is considered a plot ¦to destroy the
Suey Sing Tong headquarters and a por
tion of Chinatown with dynamite.
For several days the officers have been
unusually active on account of : the ru
mors that serious trouble would occur
after the Chinese New Year. They have
searched the headquarters of the various
tongs for weapons and explosives, but
with little success. -Last night they vls
ned: a building known as ' the : -Old- Palace
Hotel, located on Jacksoii street; between
I)uj?ont and /Kearny, and known to be the
headejuarters of the Suey Sing^ Tong/; ;li
is a two-story, affair : with a . basement
and shelters.. ; not ¦'•• only, .highbinders arid
Chinese .criminals- but a- number of bpiurn.
embkers!' In this, place a>quaritity'. of high'
explosives, weapons.: and a complete outiit ;
far manufacturing ¦ : bullets. .. were found
when Acting Chief vliiggy .first raided
Chinatown. ,¦,-,' ¦'•.; ;:•••;¦- ,; .- ••*'/. ;¦¦.;•: • ;.. •¦
.About two -hours ¦' were- spent oh: the
premises : and the officers flnaily entered
a small compartment.; under a -flight of
stair*. There they were startled to find
three long 6ticks of dynamite, with fuses
attached,, and a number. ; of- -cartridges.
The explosives were taken < to the Caljfor
nia-street. Station arid .later, to the City
HalL''-'>^-:V : -v,\ -.¦*-•' -U:" : .{» <¦:; .-•• -:..'.¦.: ¦*.'>¦/..'
It is generally believed that the. high^
binder trouble, has not yet been settled,
and the discovery made last night
strengthens this opinion. The officers are
inclined to think tnat the deadly stuff was
placed in the building by the Hop Sing
Tong, and that a dreadful tragedy would
have occurred as* soon as the vengeful
highbinders found a favorable opportunity
to execute their design. • . •
Last night four lottery companies
opened their places and several arrests
were made.' This is the first time they
have been in operation for several weeks.
Acting Chief Blggy and Captain Witt
man visited the Chinese quarters last
night and held a conference with Ho Vow,
Consul General. The police officials still
insist upon receiving the names and ad
dresses of the tong leaders, and will not
withdraw the officers from Chinatown un
til their demands have been complied
with. IMb said that If the tongs will notr
consent to furnish the information the
Consul General and the Six Companies
will employ detectives to secure the de
sired Information in secret, and keepth«
police posted on highbinder affairs.
.* Afailated Bepnblicai Clubs.
A epedaJ rpeeting of the executive oom-
snlttee of tjje Leagrve of Afflllated Clubs of
this .city ¦was held at the California Hotel
last night, with President A- OL. Perkins
in the chair. Preliminary plans were
formulated lor the coming national cam-
paign and it was decided to invite repre-
sentatives of the various Republican
clubs to meet lri conference with the com-
mittee, at. an early date. ¦-,-¦. . : ... , . .- .- ;¦ .0.-;'.
. we ask you to believe in this store- and you do. we ask you not to try
and satisfy yourself with anything that does not suit. . bring it, back, what
one buys should be right and exactly as one has fair reason to believe it should
be. we ask you to be strict with us- and we are strict with ourselves—that s
why we are willing to guarantee every bit of goods in our.store; ¦¦ . .;-• ,-.;•-¦ v ¦¦¦;¦:;
we bought the entire line of samples of the Belfast : Linen Handker-
chief Co. we are good customers of theirs, that's why they gave us
first chance on a snap like this, the benefits, though, are -. yours. not
many handkerchiefs of a kind to select from, but over 500 different pat-
terns— hemstitched embroidery, scalloped embroidery edges, bpanish
drawn work and lace edses on fine lawn and sheer linen cloth.
1O dozon at..... .........:.. .....100 each ;
24 dozen at..- ............^Oceoch
1O dozen at, ...;...»..........».25c each
14 dozen at. .........—.... .35c each
5 dozen at.. ................ r .:.....:..50c each - •
the prices way belowthe ordinary wholesale valus of the goods. :;!
• iust In by ex- wt.,._ • are -the pre tty,
neW Spring press; pretty, Oilier corded f soft stock
new satin duch- |j« collars In taffeta suk,
neckwear « s s uk fold novelties wi«h hemstitched
stock collars, a ' edges and fancy tab
novelty, in blues, reds and ff rk/^ ends '* a varlftv of color * fi
lavenders, each 0n1y..;..... Ovry;; ings; each 0n1y........... OOW
enameled: ware sale continues
'. r ':\ ''•'¦ this annuai sale br- enameled ware/ b
success than even we expected, you have proved your cppreciatlon and
.we have once more proved that this U" ¦;. . , v, . —V:.
&; 2 lowest priced hoiise in America for good goods."
loef r»f f riQ not man y l ? ft » better corns this: morning
ldbt Ul tilt? ;. and get one. hravy flannelette, all sizes, in
HO« «;««1vla«« stripes and fancy effects ; some with capped
yoC WraPDeFS sleeves, others braid trimmed; some have
•'• : .v : ¦'/¦ ¦ ¦'¦¦:¦'.'¦¦. plain Colored yokes, while have
flounce effects. ; they were $1.25 and 52.00.
new StOPe the new home whalebone > s * received,
.. for Hale s good a new lot of
ne\VS poeds is well Casing wfcaUbone
under way, just 7 doors west of our cas'nz wnn tinsel edge; 9 w
present stored experts are study- yards f0r.... .....-..;..„.. oC
ing your every want, so as to nuke :. ;: : . ¦ :
San Francisco's most modern store one dozen whalebones only- »»
also the most comfortable. ......................... ..~<....^... OC
valeintiries Ss^.r::i!!: Ie to 75c
i* wo please you, tell others; if wo don't, tell us.
Hale's" . OOOi^^ %Z%" £
4 4- 935-947 Market Street. + — --
ADVEETISEMENTS,
In the Divorce Court.
.' Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Delma ; Knell from' Harry A.- Knell
on the ground "of desertion; SeraphlneM.
Day from ' Frank ¦• W. Day on the srround
Defaulting Express Clerk.
R. V. Wilson, a clerk in the office of the
Northern Express Company at Franklin,
Wash., who was. arrested in the General
Postofflce on: Tuesday by Detective Hunt
of the Northern Pacific ' Railroad Com
pany, was taken from the City Prison
yesterday afternoon to be returned to
Franklin. He is accused of stealing $500
from an express package In the office of
the company.
Dr. Parker" • Cough Cure. On* dose will stop
a couch. Neiver falls. Try it. All drujiUts. •
MAHONY'S RESIGNATION.
Mayor] Produces the Letter From the
Commissioner of Public Works.
The publication in yesterday's Call of
the: story that Commissioner Jeremiah
Mahony had placed his resignation from
the Board of Public Works. ln the hands
of - the Mayor was confirmed yesterday
afternoon by the Mayor, who realized that
further concealment -was useless. In his
letter resigning the ' office, Mr. Mahony
says that In so doing he Is not unappre
clative of the honor conferred ion him
He gives as a reason that the demands
of his private business will not permit
him to perform the official duties, and ho
1b convinced that it would require the
undivided time of any person to do so. '
The resignation will* take effect to-day,'
but the Mayor has not as yet named Ma
hony's successor.
There li no headache In Jesse Moore whl»-
key. . That's because It Is pure.
SAYS HE WAS HELD UP.
Fred Fisher Relieved of His Money
by Two Men.
: Fred Fisher, a young man -living at 755
O'Farrell street, reported to the police
yesterday morning that he had been held
up and robbed by two men at Page and
Baker street* of J22 50 about midnight on
Tuesday.
He said he had been at the Chutes with
a young woman, and after Beelng her
home was on his way to board an Ellis
etreet car when he was confronted by two
men, one of whom presented a revolver
at his head while the other put his arm
around his neck and choked him. After
robbing Fisher one of the footpads kicked
him In the stomach, telling film not to
make a noise. They then disappeared In
the drectlon of the park.
The robber who presented the revolver
SCHOOL TEACHERS PROTEST.
Those Placed in Unasslgned List Say
Action Is Unjust.
The Board of Education is likely to ex
perience a great deal of. trouble in Its
policy of abolishing some of the evening
schools and putting the teachers thereof
on the -unasslgned list without reference
to seniority of service. Several of the
teachers made Individual appeals to the
School Directors yesterday and it is
thought that some action will be taken
at the next meeting of the board to rec
tify what Is considered as an Injustice.
The last board adopted rules in this
connection in which it was provided that
the chronological order of employment
should bo observed. This was regarded
as good law by Judge Seawell, who/ In a
decision, held that it was not only just
but legal. The board in abolishing: the
Lincoln, Washington and Horace Mann
Evening schools placed eight teachers on
the unassipned list, whereas if the rule
had been followed they would have been
either placed on the substitute list or as
signed to places In other schools. ¦
Catarrh, Deafness,
W^TWimW mi M y? 88
Diseases Posit ire!y Cured by .
OR. GOTTINGHAM'S : .Jx&.
204 Sutter St., NW. Cor. Kearny.
Hour*— » to 12 ». m:; I to I and 7 to S p. m.
C DPP An hon»«t trial of one treek. irlven
r IV I— L. • to show the superior merit of the
new treatment. 2000 test ca*e»— ss per cent
cured. Call at once or write. ' ... '
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
(Old number M - Stockton rt.)
TELEPHONE MAIN XEa.
Annual Sale.
¦AH this season's stock of stylish
Jackets, Suits,
Silk Waists,
Skirts, Furs,
Feather Boas, Etc.
¦ WILL RF SOLD AT PPICF^ WHIfH
Thursday Morning,
And Continues Daily from 9 a. m. to 5 p: m.- , .
MUST LEAVE HER HAPPY HOME.
Catharine Conley's Singing Gets Htr
, :. . Into Serious Trouble, i '
.Mrs. . Annie Schereck, a young married
{woman living apart from her husband,
and Catherine Conlejv a seamstress; oc
¦cupy a' room at 938 Howard street. :and
Tuesday, night they disturbed the other
roomers In the house by. splitting wocki
in the kitchen with which ; to build the
fire .: for supper. After supper' Mrs.
Schereck began to play an accompani
ment on. the organ while Catherine sang
"I'd Leave My Happy Home for You;'*
and the noise was bo terrific that . the
landlord, Henry Breuer, telephoned tothe
Southern police elation that there was a
riot In his house. . -¦-.¦,. •¦ •"
.Policemen Flynn and Beach were de
tailed to quell the disturbance, and when
they got there all they heard wero ; the
tones of the organ and Catherine's long
drawn-out "for, you-ou-ou." Breuer ; in
sisted on the two young women being ar
rested for disturbing the peace, bul they
locked their door and defied the officers.
The women were., finally captured by
strategy and yesterday they appeared^ in
Judge Cabaniss' court. Both expressed
their -indignation at being arrested.
Catherine said she was taking lessons -In
music and she saw no harm in singing in
her room at "9 o'clock at night. Breuer.
said that his mother was sick and Cath
erine's singing wpuld kill her unless she
was compelled to leave the house.
The Judge did hot think that the charge
would stand, but he aflvised tha de
fendants to leave the house and he con
tinued the case for two days to enablt,,
them to do so. Catherine remonstrated,
but the Judge told her that If Mrs. Breuii
were not sick it was apparent her sing-
Ing would make her sick and if she was
sick It would make her Bicker, so Bhe had
better leave. .
The eighth wonder of the world Is a wo-
man who haa no curiosity., . .
CAST OUT TO
DIE ALONE AND
UNCARED FOR
Gftastly Treatment
V- Sic^k Chinese;
; . Last .night .Police Officers : . Butler and
Murphy made a report to: Police Sergeant
Anderson at the" California street station
which may cause an Investigation ' to b«'
made ihtp a ghastly practice now exist
ing in Chinatown. AVhile.the subject mat
ter of their report has often .been dls-.
cussed, yet no official action has ever been
taken, and the reports made.. by .the. two
patTolmen ' last night will bring the de
tails for the first time under the scrutiny
of the police. .;. ; ' ' '-,- ' • ' ' . . ¦:-':•¦' •.
-It has been a "practice among Chinese
.to prevent the death, of any person. In
their, dwelling houses; and to avoid:' this
the Chinese; undertaker's places '¦ axe-prb
j vlded , with apartments 5 into which sick
heathens -are cast .to breathe their last.
As soon as a Chinaman becomes serious
ly ill he is immediately placed in one of
the -undertaker's bunks. He. ls given no
further v attention and. the cover of a
wooden cpifln is soon nailed upon him." .
. Early yesterday morning - Policemen
Butler arid Murphy saw a couple of men
carrying a sick Chinese In a chair to tho
undertaker shop. of the Man Fook, Coffin
Company, on -Clay., street above Dupont.
They followed them and upon entering the
place found the subject for a coffin sitting
and conversing with his companions. The
officers returned last evening and dls-.
covered that the man was dead. Inquiry
was made into the case and It was found
that the sick Chinaman had been • given
a cup of some liquid, after which he gave
no more trouble to the undertakers ex
cept when they laid him In a box.
The sight of a Chinese packing a sick
countryman on his back to the door of
an undertaking chop is frequent during
the early morning hours. Most of the
unfortunates die soon afterward aa they
are given no attention and the suspicion
exists that they are often murdered that
they may be disposed of quickly. For the
purpose of ascertaining the treatment ac
corded the dying Chinese the police ofll
cers have filed a report and some sensa
tional developments are likely to, be tho
result. .•-.¦•.':
compromise offered by the telephone com
pany regarding the alleged inadequate
service. He was requested to continue his
Investigations and report at the next
meeting of the committee. , y." •
The committee decided that It had no
power to return overpayments of license
taxes as a result of the charter removing
licenses on certain business concerns. A"s
a result no rebates will be made on li
censes paid for the quarter commencing
January 1. 1900.
FAVORS TELEPHONE COMPANY.
Private Machines Exempt From Tax
Under New Ordinance.
The Supervisors* Committee on Licenses
and Orders yesterday decided that the
ordinance imposing a license tax of 50
cents a quarter on nlckel-In-the-slot tele
phones does not " embrace private tele
phones. :•,'.->:'
Superintendent Hewttt of the Fire
Alarm and Police Telegraph reported the
result of his Investigation regarding the
3-Day Specials I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hales.
LITTLE LIFE BU T MUCH COLOR
IN THE CHINESE CELEBRATION
Hales.
THE SAN FRAKGISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1900.
Of a Most Distressing Humor by the
Cuticura Remedies.
~ When our b&y^-tcus a rrcoif old, eczema appeared on the top of her
? _ head and spread all over her 6calp, face,
j^^^f^^^^\ and forehead, forming one mass of sores.
/wYTrIWfB '¦."¦.¦¦¦¦/.you can realize how; much she must have
; : Buffered, when she scratched at times till
Sf^iSSlwSlfi^^ the I)lood ran intermin g led water.:
: 0-jb j\2^^^WV^LJ lQiir family doctor's ¦ treatinehV proved
( >®SSc -055 c : :: jneff^tual,-ias the disorder; instead" of
: I'gZj! * >! *^ pjsnij abating, developed more. , ; ¥ jWe ; then
: :¦.¦:. i&jfrX : • ; .j^T stopped all medical treatment, and com-
^/^: .» 4 ¦,::¦¦ vT -\ menced with Ccticura ; Remedies. We
pty^^i^^ -j/V used the Cdticura Resolvent, Ccti-
.^^^V^^ /{ ccra Ointment, and Gcticcra SoAr, all
ivw ' ;
t^'jNsK,^/ :^~~?~^i£ ::-^3 '¦ skin and scalp were left perfectly clear
;;J^|n!Jw5 — -^ ' Mbb. E. BUTLER,-
My oldest boy, ape nlnei veiarg, was troubled with cores on different parts
of the body, especlSly on tne leg, about twenty-four in all. They were about
the size of a five-cent piece, and would fester very much and eject a pus.
They were very painful. : After ray above experience with the cure of my
little girl with Gcticcba Remedies, I did not bother witb the doctor in
this case, but gave him the Ccticcra treatment which completely cured
hina In four weeks. Mrs. E. BUTLER, 1259 3d Ave.,S. Brooklyn, N. Y. •
Sleep for Skin-Tortured Babies
Astd Best fob Tirei> XfornEßS la a tooth bath with Ctticxba Soapj and a single appU-
cation of Ccticcka Olstzsent, greatest of emblll«nt ekln cores. This treatment, assisted
la the eererer cases by Ccnccox Resolvent, to cool and cleaoee tho blood, affords In.
itxat relief, permits reft for parent and sleep for child, and points to a epeedy, permanent,
and economical cure of tortcrlng, disfiguring, Itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, pimply,
and crested £kia and scalp humors trlth loss of hair, when all else falls. Sold throughout
the world. Com^ETE Etterw a.l asv Istbrs it Thextuevt. Price,; ThbSbt, 81,25;
or, Cctictra So ap, CSc^CcncciiA Ointment, Mov, CtrnccßA Resoltest, soc. .. Potter
Dura AJD Csek. Cobf., Props^ Boston. . v Ilpir to Cure Every Kind of Humor," free.
yr^ SareTonrHtlr with warm abampooa of Ccttctra Soap, and light drw*-
' 7l^K^^ .¦'-'¦-¦• l»f» of CETlccnL»,pure«tof emollienuand gTcaU!it o! «kin enres. This simple,
I B reJreAhla?, and inexpensive trettraect will cl«-ar the scalp and hair of cru«U,
I \_6 *c»lf», and dindrulf, •octho Iriita'.cd acd itcblng enrfacei, itlmulata the hair
' ftll*Ci«,«cpply the root* with energy and iiourUhmeat, and make the hair grow
• ¦ *^.%* : * ¦'•::•! on* clean,^^whole»om«»calp when, all •l*«falls.^ < .:'.;' .:.-.' •..¦'.¦• .' : . V .¦¦:.--\.; ; :¦•¦¦ -. .
. CASH 0E LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
EXTENSION
TABLES. ."Y." ; ;,
. firX FEET EXTENSION.
••'¦¦.• ANTIQUE OAK. : . : / ; .-. '. ;'
; ThS WEEK,
XL COLLARS.
THE j. NOON AN
| v - : fUR:iTDRE COMPANY Inc.),
tCI7-!C23 MISSIOH ST/tBZT,
? \- ' flbov* Slxtl>-
• Ffccri* 7cttk X 4. o>ea Srei'a ji.
• Bend for New niostratefl Catalog.
in [¦¦¦iiiwimnmin ¦iHiiiiiißiiiii ¦¦¦¦
12
QUIET and subdued Is the Chinese
New Year's celebration! The
highbinders, their bloody feuds
and dire threats have taken
some of the spirit out of It. During
the afternoon yesterday Chinatown,
save for the decorations and gaudily
dressed children, was the same as any
other day of the year. There was no
crowding of the streets, nothing of
the ceaseless rush from house -to
house, and what has hitherto been the
chief characteristics of New. Year's
celebrations, no fireworks. V . '
.It was somewhat different last, night
when ;a large number of visitors
thronged street and alley. -The "white
devils" were burdened with packages
of Chinese nuts, candy, preserves and
every description of Celestial confec
tion. Merchants dressed in holiday
silk and satin received their friends,
dispensing the usual annual gift which
makes tho children of the white folk
sick at slomach and head. Every
store was lighted and the. lanterns pf
green and yellow coloring, the bizarre
banners floating from the porches of
the houses and the twanging of string
Instruments were procf enough that
the annual festivities were on.
The morning and afternoon seemed
devoted to an airing of the native-born
Chinese. In strings and bunches, the
first, second and third born— some- .
times a fourth — paraded the streets to
the great pleasure of the white vis-
itors. ' Dressed in fanciful, gorgeous
costumes, they were- allowed to vls.lt.
their friends and taste of-, their hos
pitality. All sizes and conditions of
"Infant- productions" were. -out, sup
plying a substitute in the way. of
noise for the enjoined firecrackers. ' ¦-'¦¦
Early in the mornlner Ho Vow. the
Chinese Consul, with his suite, paid
__an official visit to the merchants of
""the Six Companies, assembled In the
Commercial-street headquarters. It
was the one spectacular event of the
day. As the Consul and his assistants
marched down the street he was greet
ed with open-eyed admiration and re
spect. In the assembly room of the
Six Companies courtesies were ex
changed; mutual ; congratulations
passed and a toast or two given with
un accompaniment of something of Oc
l cldental manufacture that has a
sparkle to It. • . ¦
The celebration will , continue
throughout the week.' . •