In the House of Lords Rosebery Warns the
Empire of the Grave Danger Thai Now
uonironis -vX.
A. SYLVA.
WHILE the host of lawyers repre- ;
sentins the heirs and the execu
tors of the will of the late James
Q. Fair were occupying. the hours
In Judge Troutt's court yesterday, appar
ently eparrlngr for time In which to con
sider the various kaleidoscopic change? in
the famous ca«e -within th<» last few days.
the "representatives of Mrs. Craven were
engaged in an effort to locate the respon
sible parties to what they evidently re
garded as a gold brick game of the rawest
description. Last. Wednesday evening a
statement was given newspaper men a.t
Sausalito by Dan 811nkey. a poundmaster,
that in a garret he had unearthed a.
musty register of the El Monte Hotel for
the year 1892. and that in ; this register.
under' date of July 23. was the entry
"James G. Fair and wife." It was the
common opinion of plaintiffs counsel that
this purported discovery . was a trap laid
for them, the idea being to get Mrs. Cra
ven to admit under oath that she h*«l
passed 'the night at the hotel with Senator
Fair and then to prove that no such re«
ister existed.
'¦If a trap it- was. plaintiff's lawyers wen)
too shrewd for the game and spiked the
guns- of the enemy before 1 the skirmis^i. :
When the case was resumed in Judge
Troutt'a 'court at ¦& fc^v . xnlnut&s ' tiftt-i*
11 o'clock" Mrs. Craven was put upon the
stand land j her examination concluded by
Attorney. Lafe Pence.
- "Mrs; Fair," he said, "did you ever pass
Continued on Second Page.
miles east of Honey Nest Kloof,
is protecting the . rear, keeping
communications open.
The Boers in Zululand are
pushing back the British flying
column. Should the former take
Eshowe they would have a' small
seaport quite close at hand. This
move has again revived the talk
of encouraging the Zulus to de
fend their territory against the
foe."
In the House of Commons
last night Mr. Chamberlain and
Mr. Balfour, answering ques
tions on this subject, hinted in
LOXDOX, Feb. 1 6.— Once
again the curtain has
dropped on the great war
drama which is being enacted in
South Africa. Lord Roberts,
with one cavalry division and
two infantry divisions, has van
ished into the dust of the sandy
veldt and is circling round to
ward Kimberley, while Lord Me
thuen is watching the Boers at
Magersfontein.
From Pretoria comes a report
that a large British foice had
moved toward Colenso and en
camped at Bosch Kop. This
would seem to indicate that Gen
eral Btiller was again on the
move.
With respect to the operations
of Lord Roberts, surmises were
plentiful. As to the exact\spot
on which the flanking is . Iving
carried out, the view was gener
ally held that French, the cavary
leader, was operating consider
ably to the east of Jacobsdal. 1%.
Kiels Drift, on Riet River, where)
the Sixth and Seventh divisions
crossed on Tuesday and Wed-
nesday, is fifteen miles to the
southeast of the Modder • River \ ,
camp. Rondeval Drift is on!
the Modder, and about fifteen
miles east. -of. Magersfontein.
Klip Drift is still farther to the
east. These were captured by
French and Gordon.
The Sixth and Seventh divis
ions should now be on the line of
the Modder, between Jacobsdal
and Bloemfontein, while Colonel
Hannay, at Ramdam, twelve
BOER LARGER, NEAR LADYSMITH,' Tuesday, Jeb. 13.— Yesterday
General Botha, with a small force, crossed the.Tugelq to a deserted
British camp, where he encouQtered fifty lancers, of whori) thirteen were
Killed, five wounded and nine tal^en prisoners. One of tbe prisoners was
sent to tell the British to fetcb tbeir wounded.
Jamen G. Fair In $au»alito prior
to the year I.HJM. brat cnve no
other date. I have ninny* kept
Mr*. IVettle R. Craven in the be
lief that I would testify n« a trlt
thnt I marrlrtl her to Senator
K«lr :»»• nbove »et forth. The
truth is 1 never knt-w Senator
Jiimei G. Fair In my life. I never
knew or »nw Mn. Xettie R. (.'ra
ven nnttl I »an her flrwt in Sun.
ftalito in the month of Aafrnat,
ISDO. I never performed an>
mnrrliißp ceremony nor nolemn
izetl any nmrriacf between .Vet
tie It. Craven and Senator Jame»
<>. Fair In Sannalito or anywhere
elae. I never »aw them or either
of them In Snnnallto or anywhere
elae, nnd I know tfanf tbe ntorf
of her hnvlns been married to
Senntor Fair by me In a fabrica
tion and n frnnil. Yesterday
afternoon 3lr. Pence broagbt
the Exnmlnrr, Chronicle and
Call reporters to me and anked
me to tell them the story I have
above stated. I did no that Mr.
Pence would not suspect that I
would not appear as bin witness
on behalf of his client. Mr*. Cra
ven. The time has now come
when I believe It to be in the In
terest of jnntlee to nnmaak the
conspiracy mid to tell the whole
truth in connection with It. I
make this atlldnvlt freely and
voluntarily, without any com
pensation whatever for the same,
and i<m willing: to appear aa
a witness before the Superior
Court, where tbe action Is now
pendinc before his Honor. Jndtce
Trnntt, and testify to the above
facts, as they are absolutely
true In every onrticnl.tr.
GF,ORr.K. AY. SHIPTOX.
Snbncrlbed and nirorn to before
me thin IT. 11l clay of i-Vlirunry,
1000. JOHN lIIWT,
Jadßr of the Superior (onrl, City
«ml f'onnty of San Francisco.
Wltnrimi GEORGG A. KNIGHT.
Swears That He Never Married James G. Fair and Mrs.
Craven, but Was to Receive $10,000 to Say So.
SIMPTON WAS TO TELL A
PERJURED TALE IN COURT
Another Chapter of Sensations Is Added to the Notorious Litigation
in Which Many Reputations Have Been Lost
in Pursuit of Rich Game.
r § expected has happened. Another sensation has been sprung in the celebrated litigation over
J[ the will and estate of James G. Fair, and several more reputations are dangling in the midair of
accusation and suspicion. A /"etc days ago Mrs. Xcttie R. Craven, zi'ho has been striving to vein
a zvidovj's rights and privileges and a share of the estate, startled the opposition forces to her by pro
ducing another apparently important witness, a George W. Simpton, ex-Justice of the Peace of Sausa
lito. He was thrust fonuard with the astounding announcement that he had married Mrs. Craven and
James G. Fair in ISO 2. The sponsor of Simpton ii f as A. Sylva, xvho as Trustee of Sausalito has had
a career more or less pleasant to himself.
Simpton swore, in an affidavit that he married Mrs. Craven and the late Senator James G. Fair.
Mrs. Craven has sworn upon the witness-stand that she was married by Simpton, and now he swears in
an affidavit taken before Judge Hunt that the.ivhole incident is a fabrication and a conspiracy of lies
and perjury in which he zvas to receive $10,000 for his false testimony. He sa\s that he entered the
scheme simply for the glorious purpose of trapping Mrs. Craven and contributing to the splendid cam
paign which is to make justice triumphant and right prevail. His latest contribution to the sparkling
literature of the famous case is contained in his affidavit, herewith published.
LONDON, Feb. 10.— The following is Lord Roberts' message to
the War Office: JACOBSDAL, Feb. 16, 2a. m.— French with artillery,
cavalry and mounted infantry reached Kimberley Thursday evening.
GENERAL FRENCH HAS
REACHED KIM BERLEY
PERJURY'S TRAIL IN
THE FAIR WILL CASE
ominous tones at the possibility
of .the introduction into the
struggle of the horrors of sav
age warfare. The Ministers
stated that it had been decided
that if the native territory; of
Cape Colony should be invaded
the natives would be encouraged
and assisted in every way to de
fend themselves.
In all the clubs last night there
was an unusual number of visit
ors talking over the war news. It
cannot be. said that the members
.were elated, but there was a senti
ment of suppressed satisfaction,
which has been a stranger in the
clubs for many a week. Some
seemed to think that more news
would be forthcoming soon, but
that was not the view of the mili
tary members, who gave it as
their opinion that nothing more
would be heard for another twen
ty-four hours, owing to the se
verity of the marches already
made.
On the Stock Exchange mat
ters were not taken quietly.
There was both excitement and
activity, especially in the Kaffir
market, where a small boom set
in, causing the Rand mines to
rise over a point.
Lord Rosebery in the House
of Lords last night made a sec
ond attack upon Lord Salis
bury with vigor .-and often vehe
mence of language. He made
a strong indictment against the
Government. There was 'no
mincing of words and no pre
tense at- reserve in the picture
which Rosebery drew of the per
ils of the hour.
"This is a great emergency,"
said he. "The Government has
fifty thousand more troops to
send to South Africa. If these
are not sufficient, what then?
What then?" he repeated in ac
cents that visibly thrilled the
house. "Thisjs for us a matter
of life' an/d deith" * Nothing, can
hide the fact that behind Rob
erts' force, with the exception of
the Eighth division, we have no
more trained soldiers. If you
lose South Africa you lose the
principal column of your empire.
You will be shut up in these isl
ands, one of which does not love
you."
Rosebery's speech made a
great sensation at the clubs and
in political circles. Advocates
of a reorganization of the Minis
try, with Rosebery and a few
other imperialistic Liberals in it,
are increasing in numbers every
day.
LYTTELTON SUCCEEDS
TO CLERY'S COMMAND
LONDON. Feb. 12.— A special dispatch
to the Times t from Chleveley. Natal,
dated Tuesday. February 13, says:
"General Lyttelton has succeeded to
tho commam! of the second division ' dur
ing the illness of General Clery, who is
suffering from blood-poisoning. Colonel
pursue them. It does not appear that the friendship of
France would bear any great strain, and as to Russia
events have been recently -witnessed In Persia of -which Eng
land would have had something to say, but which she now
passes unnoticed. -
"It becomes the Government to take a large grasp of tho
situation and to make adequate proposals.' If Great Britain
were to lose South Africa she would lose the most impor
tant base outside of the United Kingdom, and she would
lose that colonial support which has been given because
the colonies have believed , that they were associating;
themselves with a powerful empire, and thus the emplro
would break away from us. If this be not a life and death
crisis I don't know what is."
The Earl of Kimberley, the Liberal leader, said he felt
the danger of the situation equally with Lord Rosebery.
Although he would not ascribe a direct hostile intention to
Russia at the present moment, he said, he could not over
look the fact that there was a movement of troops in prog
nss, which, if not menacing, showed that popslbilities of
the future were not absent from the Russian mind.'
• The Marquis of Salisbury, the Premier, in the course of
his reply for the Government said:
"I cannot enter upon the springs that guide the Russian
Government or the course It is likely to take, nor can I dis
cufs the health of the Ameer of Afghanistan. As, to whether
cur forces are adequate for the work In South ; Africa or
whether It Is true that the Government has always been too
!ate and has neglected opportunities I would gladly accept a
challenge, provided the words would not gt> ' beyond this
chamber. The present troubles are not due to the expansion
of the empire, but to miscalculations made in 1881 and In 1884.
Cur forefathers were, not discouraged, by bad beginnings,
and we should follow their, example and -not be, cast down.
The Government •Is convinced now, as ' it : always \ has been,
that the Issue will be brought to a successful conclusion. I
don't think any advantage is to bo obtained from taking a
LOXOON*. Feb. 15.— 1n the Ilcuse of Lords the Earl of
Dunraven raised a question on the Government mil
itary proposals »nd expressed a doubt as to whi'th^r
these were sufficient. The Earl of Roscbery soli he
fully reeogYilzed the gravity of the- situation and
agreed with the previous speaker in thinking that
the measures adopted were Inadequate under the clrcum
stances. He also doubted whether the "paper force of 403.
000 men In Great Britain," to which the Secretary ,°f State
for War had referred, would stand analysis.; For the volun
teer* Lord Rosebery said he had the highest respect, but by
no, stretch of the. imagination could they be. called soldiers,
as It wa^ admitted that they, needed months of training: an
nually to render them efficient.
"The auspicious news of the morning from . South Af- '
rica." said Lord Rosebery. "led to the hope that there might
be better news to come, but when fighting on our own terri
tory we have been unable before to advance- an inch." and if
k another M>,ooo men should be wanted for South. Africa I do
Vot know whore they would be got It may be said that it
V unwise to lay bare the weaknesses of the country." but.
\pcnd upon it, other nations know our position as well. If
r.ij better*, than ourselves. .' '?•.•-.
V'l would like to ask whether the fleet Is to be strengrth
eni or. mobtUze<s. - It lt> not a lime when* we can leisurely
dlsAss what we are going to do in a 'fortnight or a month,
hen^L The crlMs is urgent. . The danger is upon you, an 3 at
suchV time you .come -to' this house with proposals that in
the nHpth ct Ma.*-, when the weather , permits, -you will put
voluntVrs under canvas and that then this island and em
pire wAbe safe." (Cheers.)
"ThcL^risis in South Africa is urgent." continued Lord
ItoseberA "but we must not keep our eyes upon South
Africa aIW Last December* the Government made earnest
overture* fc the great ¦ powers, Germany- -'.and ; the j United ,
States, for\ji alllaice. but those overtures were not received
with such V-<J!ali ty . as to encourage the Government' to
GREAT BRITAIN FACES A
LIFE AND DEATH CRISIS
MRS. NETTIE R. CRAVEN.
I, George VT. Slmpton, of the
town of Snuxnllto, roaaty of Mn
rtn, State of Cnllfornln, belns:
«ltily- HiTora before Jadee John
Hunt, n Jadse of the Superior
Court In and for the coontr of
Snn Francisco, State of Califor
nia, do depose, make oath and
under Raid oath do say as fol
lows t
' In the month ot Anjrant, IMOO,
Mr. A. Sylva. a Trustee of the
town of Snnsnlfto, Informed me
that one Mrs. »ttie 11. Craven
had been to see him and told him
that she had heard that he
(Sylvn) bad Influence and power
over the Justice of the Peace of
Sansnllto Township, nnd that she
rranted n Justice of the Peace to
testlf jr "nn^_ a 'ivitness^in her case
a<rain«t the Fair e.itnte to the
effect tbut he as such Justice of
the Peace, had married her to
Senator "James G. Fair in the
year 1802) tuat.mhe hnd offered
it Urge Hum for snch testimony,
to wit, the sum of ten thonnand
dollars. 'Mr. 'Sylva Informed me
that he had told her that he
thoasht he could set me to dive
snch testimony. He farther told
me that he was a. friend to those
of the Fair estate nnd that he
was very anxious to break up
and crush ont the conspiracy
and fraud that was beln's waged
affnlnst the Fair estate, and he
asked me to stay with him and
let her and nil connected with
her believe that I wonld falsely
testlfy to nnld mnrri«KC of Nettle
It. Craven and Senator Fair, add
ing that if I refnned mlic iniftht
Ret some other person authorized
to solemnize a mnrrlnce to so
testify fnlsely. I have acted upon
said advice. Two or three days
after the above conversation
with Mr. Sylva. Mrs. Nettle R.
Craven came to nee me in Sansa
lito and naked me if I had seen
Mr. .Sylva and hnd arranged with
him üboat my testifying for her
in the «(ild on«c. I told her ye»,
that everything u/i.h fixed and
that I would testify an Mhe de
nlred. She told me that my money
wiik nare If I would testify Hint I
married her to Senator James G.
Fair in SnusnHto In the year
ISO 2. She then asked me to -rrrlte
a letter to Mr. XV. W. Foote n*
to nhnt I would testify to. tellinsc
me at the name time that Mr.
Foote and Pence «!fc Pen«?e be
lieved her utory thht she wn«
married by a Jnstlce of the Pence
in Snunaltto to Senator Fntr. She
nsked me never to let them knmv
that the story wni false and eon
troeted. I wrote the letter to Mr.
Foote, nnd a dny or mo afterward
I received a letter from him nsk
lns me to call nnd see him. I
did c*nll in response to said let
ter snd tn.tilc nn affidavit that 1
hnd am Jnstiee- of the Peace mar
ried \eltlt* It. Craven and Senator
Simpton Swears That He Agreed to Lie for Mrs.
Graven oh the Witness Stand and Was
to Be Rewarded.
Continued on Pag« Two.
VOLUME LXXXVJX- NO. 78.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JUSTICE G. W. SIMPTOX.BARNES LOSES THE LEAD.
Passed by Cox In the Six-Day Qo-
As-You-Pleasa Eace.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 15.— The six-day
go-as-you-please race at Clark's Nata
torium is drawing to a close and the con
test has narrowed down to a three-cor
nered fight between Cox, Barnes and
Day. Barnes secured the lead from
Hegelman Tuesday rooming and led the
procession until 11:30 o'clock last night.
when he was passed by Cox. Day has
closed up a big gap in the past three days
and he is gaining, rapidly on the leaders.
The pace set to-day by Cox was a fast
one, the men running almost continually.
The score at 11 o'clock to-night follows:
Cox, 460.12; Barnes, 457.9; Day. 454.10;
Campana, 41!U4: Hegelman. 377: Graham.
3T2.3; Dean, 372.1; Hart, 354.4; Glick, 351.4.
Duke de Medina-Sidonia Dead.
MADRID. Feb. 15.— Duke de Medlna-
Sldonia, Grand Chamberlain and chief of
the royal household. Is dead.
the night at Sausalito with Senator Fair?"
"No, sir; I never did," waa the clear-cut
and emphatic answer.
"Did you ever stay at a hotel there with
him at ail?"
"I am sure that I never did."
"Did you ever register at a hotel in Bnu-
ealito when you were with him?"
"Certainly not. We were desirous of co
crer-y. and bound the Justice who ol
f.ciated at our marriage to secrecy. It
would have been Filly for us to have reg
istered at a hotel under the circum
stances,"
"You are sure that you never registered
with your husband at the El Monte Ho
teir*
"Perfectly sure." .
Tfien followed a long line of questions
tending to show that Senator Fair and
the witness had lived together as man
and wife. She admitted that such was
the case and stated that at £23 Butter
street they occupied apartments as man
and wife in 1692. After . more ques
tion* of the same character the witness
¦n-as turned over ' to the tender mercies
of Attorney Plerson.
Sire. Craven waa In flne fettle, appear
ing satisfied with herself and the world
at large, and coolly purveyed the throng
that packed the courtroom. Owing to
a neglect of proper ventilation the air
In the room vai< etiflinc:, but the witness
appeared unruffled and was the only
woman in the room that did' not make
UM of an extemporized fan.
Attorney Plerson's first question was
why the witness had . lived witbr Senator
Fair and was anEwered with the state
ment that as his wife she had a perfect
right to do so. For nearly an hour ques
tion after question wa? fired at Mrs. Cra
ven in what appeared on the surface to
be an attempt merely to get the story
of her life, a tracing of her movements
lr mathematical order- since the day she
FURTHER ATTACKS
UPON CARNEGIE
Coke Contracts Called
Into Question.
PITTSBURG, Feb. 15.— Although the
suit which H. C. Frick filed Tuesday to
break the binding force of the "ironclad"
agreement and recover from the Carneffie
Steel Company, Limited, the market value
of his holdings in that concern, is the
main line of attack opened by the anti-
Carnegie adherents, the minority stock
holders, who are lined up against the pol
icy of Mr. Carnegie. It is said, are certain
to follow it up with a suit attacking the
validity of the coke contract of the Car
negie Company with the 11. C. Frick Coke
Company. Attorney William B. Rodgers,
although refusing to deny or affirm his
connection with the big case, is commonly
credited with having in charge the prepa
ration of the coke contract end of the
matter. It is expected that this suit will
be filed in Greensburg, as Mr. Flick's at
torneys at that point have been in fre
quent consultation with attorneys repre
senting Mr. Frick in this city. Perhaps
several weeks may elapse before the pa
per are ready for filing.
The sum of money involved In the pro
posed suit is said to run up to a gigantic
figure. The estimated total of the Carne
gie Steel Company's daily consumption-of
\coke is 900 cars. The' Frick Clompany pro
duces about 1500 cars of coke per day, so
that three-fifths of the whole goes to the
steel concern at the low price of $1 35 per
ton. In other words, the Carnegie Steel
Company, It Is alleged, saves from 115,000
to $18,000 a day. With the cost of pro
duction and freight rates and other items
of expense in the manufacture of coke
constantly going up, the minority stock
holders of the coke company say that if
the contract is allowed to run their profits
will be eventually cut almost to nothing.
They will ask the court to annul the
agreement altogether, and relieve them
from a situation that has been forced
upon them by the majority holdings.
There is no proof as yet that service has
been made upon any of the defendants in
the Frick-Carnegle suit. As the defend
.ants are not required to answer earlier
than fifteen days after the bill has been
served upon them some time will elapse
before the plan of the defense becomes
public. Mr. Frick's attorneys have ar
ranged for serving the bill upon all of the
defendants. ~ * .
Attorney McCook said considerable time
would be consumed, as the defendants are
scattered to all parts of the compass. .
It is said by some lawyers that if Mr.
Frick had stated in his bill that the Car
negie Company was a limited partnership
it would not have been necessary for sep
arate service to be made upon each of tlie
defendants. - Mr. Frick, however, made
the charge that the corporation is a gen
eral partnership, and therefore each sepa
rate partner must be served.
It was stated to-day that President
Schwab had not gone to Florida and that
he would return to the city on Saturday.
SUBSTITUTE CURRENCY
BILL PASSES SENATE
Amendments Considered Under Ten-
Minute Rule and Two of Them
Adopted.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— The Senate
substitute for the House currency bill wa3
passed by the Senate to-day by the de
cisive majority of 46 to 29. Prior to the
final passage Of the bill amendments were
considered under the ten-minute rule.
Only two of these amendments were
adopted', viz., one offered by. the Finance
Committee, keeping the door open to In
ternational bimetallism, and one by Nel
son oX Minnesota providing for national
banks with $25,000 capital In towns of not
more than 4000 inhabitants.
The votes taken on the various amend
ments offered were practically along party
lines. Chandler (R.) of JCew Hampshire
voted for the bimetallic amendment, but
agajnst the bill. Caffery (D.) of Louisiana
and Lindsay (D.) of Kentucky voted
against the committee amendment, but for
the bill. Kyle of South Dakota was the
only Senator who did not vote and waa
not paired. The free silver substitute of
fered by Jones, the leader of the Demo
cratic side, was defeated by a majority
of 19, the vote being 47 to 28.
The bill as passed consists of ten sec
tions. It provides that the dollar of 23 8-10
grains of gold, nine-tenths fine, shall be
the standard unit of value and that all
forms of United States money shall be
maintained at a parity with It. and that
treasury notes and greenbacks shall be
redeemable In gold. The Secretary of the
Treasury ia to set apart a fund of $150,
000,000 in gold for the redemption of these
notes and to maintain this fund at a fig
ure not below $IQQ,OOQ,QOO he is empowered,
to sell bonds of the United States bearing
Interest at not exceeding 3 per cent. It
shall also be the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury as fast as standard silver
dollars are coined to retire an equal
amount of the treasury notes and to Is
sue silver certificates against the silver
so coined. Under certain provisions, too,
gold certificates shall be isaued against
the gold held In the treasury. No United
States notes or treasury notes shall be
issued in denominations of less than flO
and no silver certificates In denominations
of more than $10. The Secretary of tho
Treasury Is also authorized to refund the
bonded debt of the United States In thirty
year bonds bearing 2 per cent Interest, tho
principal and interest of these bonds to
be paid in gold.
The 2 per cent bonds shall be Issued
at not less than par. Any national bank,
by depositing with the United States
bonds of this country, shall be per
mitted to issue circulating notes to the
face value of the bonds deposited, no
bank being allowed to Issue circulating
notes In excess of the amount of the
paid-in capital stock of the bank.
After the passage of the financial bill
the Senate made the Hawaiian govern
ment bill the unfinished business.
When the routine business was con
cluded the financial bill was laid before
the Senate, the pending question being
the amendment offered by the Finance
Committee and reading as follows:
The provisions of this act are not intended
to place any obstacles in the way of the ac
complishment of International bimetallism, pro
vided the came be secured by concurrent ac
tion of the leading commercial nations of tha
world and at a ratio which shall Insure per
manence of the relative value between gold
and silver.
Hoar of Massachusetts said the double
standard of gold and silver had not only
been accepted by the people, but had
been embodied in the constitution Itself.
But when, by the action of other nations,
this country was forced to accept a sin
gle standard, it was forced to accept the
most valuable metal. We should get the
double standard when the opportunity
came. There waa, therefore, no pretense
or hypocrisy in the pending amendment.
Morgan of Alabama denounced tbe
pending amendment" "a*' 'a ' mlseratte
makeshift, -which is intended to cover the
laceration of a wounded conscience."
He declared the bill would return us
to the British system of finance.
Platt of Connecticut said that what
ever may be said about "imperialism" or
the "tolling masses," the issue will be the
same as four years ago — whether or not
we shall have a silver standard in the
United States.
Cockrell declared that "the crime of
*73 was a crime against man. against
God. against humanity and against
Christianity."
As a \'ote was about to be taken on the
committee amendment Teller offered the
following sutetltute for it: »
The people of the United States are in fa
vor of bimetallism and desirous of an inter
national arreement with the great commer
cial nations of the world that will admit of
the use of both gold and silver coins, and the
efforts of the Government are hereby pledged
to endeavor to secure such an International
agreement as speedily as possible.
Platt of Connecticut said he wanted to
protest against the assumption of the
Democratic side that it represented the
American people: That question had been
decided against the Democracy In 1596.
He was obliged, he said, to Cockrell for
proclaiming the leading doctrine and the
leading representative of Democracy dur
ing this year's campaign. . .-'
"Whatever may be said about impe
rialism 1 or about 4 the toiling masses,
said Platt. "It will be the same issue over
again in the campaign of this year—
and that is whether we shall have a Sil
ver standard In the United States.'
Referring to Cockrell's statement that
the United States could maintain the sil
ver of the world at a parity with gold.
Platt said:
"We have heard something: about al
chemy in this <lebav, and we ali ( know
of the performances of the world's ma
gicians, but It has remained for the wiz
ard of Missouri (Cockrell) to wave hi 3
magic wand or his magic head and dou
ble the price of the silver of the world.
Replying to Platt, Teller said the silver
people were willing to make thia cam
paign on the silver question, and if tho
American people declared for the gold
Standard he should bo ready to accept tho
Ve CoCkfell replied to Platt, maintaining
that legislation alone with the power of
the Government behind »t was sufficient
to restore the commercial and monetary
parity of gold and sliver.
As the vote was about to b« taken on
the committee amendment Teller offered
the following substitute for It:
The people of the United States ara in favor
Of bimetallism and desirous of an International
agreement with the great commercial nations
of tha world that will admit of the use of both
itold and silver at such an established ratio as
will maintain the parity between gold and »ilver
coins, and the efforts of the Government ara
hereby pledged to endeavor to secure such an
international agreement as speedily as possible.
The amendment of Teller was defeated,
27 to 45. the vote being alone party lints
except that Chandler (Republican) of New
Hampshire voted for the amendment a.nrl
Caffery of Louisiana and Lindsay of
Kentucky (Democrats) against it.
A vote was then taken on the commit
tee's amendment, which was adopted.
An amendment offered by Stewart, pro
viding for the payment of bonds of tn«
United States in coin of the standard
fixed by the act of July U, ISTO, wa3 laid
on the table. 44 to 26.
An amendment offered by Fettus of Ala
bama, providing that gold coins and silver
dollars coined by the United States shall
be a legal tender at their nominal valu»
was defeated. 44 to 27.
Another amendment by Pettus, provid
ing that nothing in this act should affect
the legal tender quality of United State*
silver dollars, was likewise defeated. 41 to
26.
Vest of Missouri offered an amendment
providing for f200.000.000 of treasury tond
notes, which should be loaned by the Sec
retary of the Treasury to any person who
would deposit United States bonds as se
curity
Vest sharply arraigned Secretary Q»**
for his action in relation to the National
City Bank of New York, saying the letter
of A. B. Hepburn, vice president of that
bank, was "nothing short of an insult to
the highest fiscal officer of the govern
ment." His amendment, he said, if enact
ed into law. woud afford the citizen owner
of bonds the same facilities as were af
forded national banks.
The amendment was defeated without
An amendment of McLaurin of South
Carolina, to repeal the tax on State bank*,
was lost— 37 to 20.
Jones of Arkansas then offered aa a
substitute for the Senate bill a measure
providing for the free and unlimited coin
age of silver. That, too. waa lost — 17 to 23
—the vote being along almost strict party
lines. Senators Lindsay of Kentucky ana
Caffery of Louisiana voting with the Re
publicans.
Nelson of Minnesota offered an amend
ment ' providing for the organization of
national banks with a capital of not less
than $25,000 in towns whose population
doea not exceed $4000.
Aldrlch accepted the amendment and it
was adopted. The bill a* amended wal
then passed— 4B to 29— as follows:
Ayes— Aldrich, Allison. Beverldse. Burrows,
Caffery Carter. Clark of Wyoming, Cullom.
Davis, 'r*?boe, Depew, Elklns. .Fairbanks For
aker Foster. Frye. Gear. Hale. Hanna. Hans
brou'irh. Hawley. Hoar. Kean. Ltnd«y. Lodse.
Mcßrlde McComa«, McCumber, McMillan. Ma
ion. Nelson. Penrose, Perkins. Platt of Connec
ticut Platt of New York. PritcharcJ. Quarles.
Rosa' Scott. Sewell. Shoup. Simon. Spooner.
Clark of Montana. Clay. Cockrell. Culberson.
Daniel. Harris. Heltfeld. Jones of Arkansas
Jones of Nevada. Kenney. McEnery. McLaurin.
Martin. Money. Morgan. Pettua. Rawlins, Stew
art Sullivan. Taltaferro. Teller, TUlman. Tur
ley. Vest— 29.
Cullom moved that the Senate take up
for consideration the Hawaiian govern
ment bill, the effect of the motion. It
adopted, being to make the bill the un
thandler of New Hampshire antagon
ized the motion with a motion to proceed
to consider executive business. His mo
tion was voted down and that of Cul
lom adopted.
After a brief executive session tn« Sen
ate, at 5:25 p. m., adjourned.
ATTEMPT TO BRIBE A
SUPREME COURT JUDGE
The dark Senatorship" Investigation
Brings Forth Evidence of a
Sensational Nature.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 15.— The Senate
Committee oa Elections to-day resumed
its Inquiry Into the election of Senator
(.".ark of Montana, after a respite of
thirty-six hours. When the committee
was called to order, it developed that at
least two of the Justices of the Mon
tana Supreme Court were present, hav
ing been summoned by the committee to
throw lifrht upon the Wellcome disbar
ment trial.
The Dm witness was Edward B. Coyne,
Jurlfre of the County Court of Livingston
OounyJ New York, who testified concern
ing a conversation lie had in New York
City last October with Mark Hewitt, a
witness Tor the prosecution m this case.
He said Mr. Hewitt had spoken of the
Wclleome disbarment case and. In re
sponse to an inquiry, had said that Well
come "did not f tand a ghost of a chance,"
and would Tic disbarred. He said that v
did not make any difference whether or
not Welleamo was Rullty of the offense
charged, as Daly owned "the court and
the cape was bting conducted with a view
to getting testimony In the Clark case
that was to come before tho l"nit«d States
Senate. The Daly people were. Hewitt
was represented to have said, "deter
mined to defeat Clark, and would not
PtOP at anything to accomplish the re
mit.** The witness aiso had expressed
the opinion that Daly had put up ?:«,
wk) used by Mr. Whiteside in his expo
surt.
On cross-examination. Mr. Coyne said
that he had known Mr. Wellcome so
cia.lly.
Before his examination was concluded
Coyne was cicusrd te mporariiy. in order
to permit the Justices of the Montana
Supreme Court to testify in order not to
(Main ihcrr.. Justice Hunt's testimony
crtated a profound impression. He <se
tailtd four different conversations he had
h.ad with h:e family physician. Dr. Wil
liam Tracey of Helena, in two of which
he believed the doctor had attempted to
lay before him a proposition to bribe him
In the Wellcome disbarment case, wnii-h
was at that time before the court of
which witness was a member. The first
of these conversations had occurred on
the oth of last August in Mr. Tracey's
oflice. The court had then held that It
had jurisdiction in the disbarment pro
ceedings, and he went to L)r. Tracey's
office at the invitation of the latter.
"When I went to his office." said the
witness. "Dr. Tracey invited me to a oacn
room. He said :
" 'I have a funny kind of a proposition
which has come up for you." "
The doctor thrn went on to tell, accord
inp to Judge Hunts statement, that ht
doctor* was taking an Interest in the
Welcome case, which he said he under
stood was not liko ordinary cases in court.
He had bi-t-n told, hi- said, that it was
largely a matter in the discretion of the
members of the court, continuing that he
understood the disbarment proctedings to
le a political fight largely, and adding
that, while he did not know Mr. Wcilcoma,
he understood that he was a decent fol
low. Judge Hunt said that he had replied
to all this to the effect that while there
¦was a certain amount of leyral discretion
permitted, the case would have to take its
rourse just as any other case. He felt that
it was a painful" duty, because he knew
Mr. Wellcome's reputation, and altogether
he would gladly avoid acting If he could.
Dr. Tracey then said to him, according Xo
the witness:
"I don't suppose, then, there is any use
to lay my proposition before you."
Without, however, waiting for any
forma! reply, the witness saia the doctor
had proceeded as follows:
"There is a party here who has got 1139.
0 M and who wants to put it up if that case
can be thrown out of court."
Justice Hunt paid that he was not cer
tain whether Dr. Tracey had used the sin
gular or plural pronoun in speaking of the
party— "not pure whether he or th*y."
Justice Hunt said that he had replied to
Dr. Tracf-y that "not all the money in vhe
X'nited States and Anaconda mines to
gether, with every dollar that Daly and
Clark are both worth and that there is
In the banks, wculd induce me to sacrifice
my conscience to the extent of granting
additional time in this or any other ca'-e.
The Wellcome case must co forward just
B.? any other case would."
Justice Hunt said he had then gone to
nip home and that in the afternoon Dr.
Tracey had come to his home and sought
another Interview, saying that he under
stood that one of the Supreme Court
Justice? had be?n secured in favor of the
proposition which had previously been
made. To thl* Justice Hunt said he had
replied that he did not believe this to
r-.'* true, as he considered both the Chief
Justice and the Associate Justice. Mr.
Piggott, men beyond reproach. After this
Dr. ' Tracey had taken a memorandum
book from his pocket and appeared to
read from it a memorandum stating that
he (the doctor) had understood that Mr.
Daly had ast-urod the re-election of the
Justice. To this Justice Hunt said he had
replied that Mr. Daly had never assured
him of anything. He added that Mr.
Daly had opposed his original election
and that the only reason for supposing
that he and Daly were now on pood tfrms
was found in the fact that some of their
ohildren were very intimate. After this
Dr. Traroy had continued by saying that
"all they want Is a fair fhow," and "I
toM him," continued the witness, "that
under any circumstances they could
count upon thaL"
I Justice Hunt said that after this Dr.
Tracey had made an appeal to him to get
off the bt-nch on account of his health, he
having bern threatened with lung trouble;
That the doctor told him that If he con
tinued he was sure to break down, as the
position was very laborious. If he -would
accept tho proposition he could take a
rest, go abroad, visit the Paris Exposl-
tion. hare nothing to worry about and
thus Indefinitely prolong his life.
Judge Hunt said that he had replied
that lie much appreciated what the doctor
said about getting off the bench, but he
could not see his way clear to accept the
proposition. The doctor then went away,
paying that he would not have Justice
Hunt do anything which ho did not think
was right.
The matter did not come up between
them again until November 14, when he
met Dr. Tracey on the street and the
latter asked him if no change had come
over his mind. Justice Hunt said that no
had replied in the negative, saying he had
supposed that their last conversation had
ended the matter betweeen them, as he
would not swerve from his position "to
pave my own life or the lives of my chil
dren."
The doctor then said that he was glad
that this was tho decision of the Judge.
and nothing had been Faid concerning the
subject until Sunday night, February 4.
At this time Dr. Tracey had asked him
to come to his (the doctor's) office late
that evening. '• He went there, and Dr.
Tracev showed him what was apparently
a copy of a telegram which informed the
doctor that some one had told the Senate
Committee in Washington that the Jus
tice would testify before the committee
that Dr. Tracey had offered him a bribe
of $100,000 in the Wellcome case. The doc
tor then said:
"You know I never offered you a bribe
and that I was only joking In 1 our con
versations concerning the Wellcome case.
You know I had no $100,000 with which to
bribe you. and I am not one of that kind
of fellows."
Justice Hunt said he had replied to Dr.
Tracey that he wished he could believe
that he was only joking, but that he
could not put that construction on the
proposition. . He did not, however, be
lieve that Dr. Tracey meant to actually
bribe him, but simply to lay the proposi
tion before him.
In answer to questions from the mem
bers of the committee Justice Hunt said
he thought Dr. Tracey had mentioned
Senator Clark's name In the first con
versation when he had spoken of the
Wellcome case as merely a political fight
between Mr. Clark and Mr. Daly.
He had firm related the fact of the
propositions being made to him on the
night of August 5, when his associate,
Justice Piggott. had come to his house
and related that he had been approached
on the same day.
At the close of the direct examination,
which had been conducted almost entire
ly by Chairman Chandler, Mr. Faulkner,
on behalf of Senator Clark, made a for
mal motion to strike out the testimony of
Justice Hunt fiom the record because It
had failed to connect the name of Mr.
Clark with the proceedings and was en
tirely collateral.
The motion .was overruled and the
cross-examination proceeded.
At the night session of the Senate Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections Jus
tice William T. Piggott, another member
of the bench of the Montana Supreme
Court, was heard. He was questioned by
Senator Chandler. His testimony was re
lated In a slow and impressive manner.
It was on. different lines irom that of Jus
tice Hunt, but received equally close at
tention. Mr< Piggotfs statement covered
an interview with Frank E. Corbett of
Butte, who is Mr. Clark's principal West
ern counsel, which had occurred on the
sth of August last, the same day as Dr.
Tracey's first two interviews with Justice
Hunt. He eaid that he met Mr. Corbett
on the street and the latter told him that
he had come from Helena in a special
train to see him and requested a private
interview. He had taken Mr. Corbett to
his rooms at the Capitol, when Corbett
had told him that J. S. M. Neill of Helena
had telephoned to Butte that the Supreme
Court might be influenced in the Well
come case. Detailing the conversation,
Mr. Piggott said Mr. Corbett apparently
was very much excited; his lips were
trembling .and his manner was very nerv-
OUF..
"Sitting opposite me," said the witness,
"he said he did not want me to get angry
at what he was about to tell me. He then
told me of the receipt of the telephonic
message from Mr. Neill, which had been
as follows:
"' "We can do business with the Supreme
Court."
"He said he had spent two or three
hours with Mr. JCelll." resumed the wit
ness, "and that the latter had said to him,
•We can get the Supreme Court. They
will come high and the scheme will have
to be capitalized for five millions.' lie
then proceeded to say that he had applied
various -opprobrious epithets to Mr. Nclll
for such a presumption, saying that he
had secured a special train and come from
Butte for the purpose of heading off any
effort In the line of such an outrageoua
| proceeding, and to assure me that if ary
' thing of the kind was undertaken he had
nothing to do with it.
" 'If ne undertakes to do that I will my-
Felf pet up in the Supreme Court and tcil
what I know about the proceedings. I
! have a mind to do that anyway,' Mr. Cor
i bett added.
"I replied." continued tha witness.
| " 'you can rest assured that 1£ Nelll ap
proaches me in the way you su&gest you
will never know it, nor will the fact be
come public, for I consider such an attack
upon a man's official integrity more se
rious than an attack upon his life, and I
believe that a man making such an attack
should be killed by the man to whom he
had made the preposition. I will endeavor
to do that if so approached. I. never would
have a man arrested for such a proceea
iner. for I would not want the publicity,
nor would I want to bring a court into dis-
Justice Piggott said that after this in
terview Corbett left him. paying he had
to hurry to the train, but that more than
half an hour afterward he had seen that
gentleman and two others leaving for the
train.
To Cure a Cold in One Day •
' Take Laxative Bromo' Quinine Tablets.' All
druggists refund the money if it faila to cure.
E. \V. Grove* signature ia on each box. ' 25c.
Continued from First Page.
PERJURY'S TRAIL IN
THE FAIR WILL CASE
was married. It was only a short while,
however, until It could be seen that the
motive was deeper than appeared at first
dance. From the tenor of the questions
It teemed that Attorney Plerson -was en
deavorlng to establish the fact that Mrs.
Craven had been a resident of this city
at the time ehe was granted a divorce
from her husband in Alameda County.
If Buch were the intent of the cross-exam
ination It dismally failed in Its -purpose.
The witness answered the queries In a
way indicative of a belief that such was
the object of the counsel for the opposi
tion, and would not be led across the
danger line. ': .'. v
The only question in which she faltered
was caused by a feminine aversion to re
vealing the date of her birth, but she re
luctantly admitted that she ¦was born in
Cleveland. Ohio, fifty-three years ago. At
four years of age she wa» removed with
her father to Washington, lowa, and was
married to Andrew Craven when she was
14 years old. She came to California Im
mediately afterward, where she and her
husband first took up their residence with
Warren Olney. Craven's broth»er-in-law.
While living there she completed her edu
cation at the local hlsh school. «?52$iB
Mrs. Craven was taken Into the mlnut
ept details of her life In this city. She
had to enumerate the various hotels, flats
and houses in which she had lived, the
length of time in each, the dates of mov
ing from one, to the other, the people
whom she met, who paid for her main
tenance and the rental In each instance.
It was sparring for time and It answered
Us purpose. Mrs. Craven was ablo to
remember a good deal and fortified her
lapses of memory by a statement that
ex-Chief of Police Lees had taken her
private records from her school while she
was on a visit In the East. This, she said,
occurred about four years ago. Upon ob-
Jectlon by Attorney McEnerney. her tes-
tlmony on this point was ruled out. Ex-
Chief I^ees -was present and reddened un
comfortably under the charges made by
Mrs. Craven. She referred to the loss
of her books many times during the ex
aminatlon and seemed to take a keen de
llg-ht In seeing: the effect It produced each
time the subject was mentioned. Plerson
once asked a question leading up to the
same subject and promptly withdrew" It
when the first words of, Mrs. Craven's
answer gave an Inkling of what was com
ing, but Attorney Pence made such vig
orous objection that she waa permitted to
finish speaking, though her testimony in
this respect was again cut out.
"And even If I saw the records ag-aln,"
said Mrs. Craven, In concluding her vlt
rlolic reply, "I ¦was afraid to trust to
them longer for matters of fact, dates
or anything else."
On another occasion Mrs. Craven enliv
ened the proceedings by stating that at
one time she had lived in a lodging--hou.se
kept by. Mrs. Wheeler, the mother of At
torney Wheeler, one of the opposing coun
sel. As she did so a slight smile illumined
her face and she glanced slyly at Whoelor
to see what effect the statement had upon
him.
A recess was then taken until 2 o'clock in
the afternoon, when Mrs. Craven resumed
her testimony. The questions of Attorney
Plerson were along the same lines as In
the morning. After answering several Mrs.
Craven suddenly announced her desire to
consult with Attorney Pence, and upon
Judge Troutt granting the privilege they
held a hurried whispered conference, at
the conclusion of which •Attorney Pence
held a brief conversation In low tones
with Attorney McEnerney. Pence then
asked the court to .take an adjournment
as his client felt ill and Attorney Mc
'Enerncy had agreed to a continuance. 1 His
Honor stated that he would not bo willing
for any other witness to be examined un
til Mrs. Craven had finished, and con
tinued the case until next Monday at 2
P. m.
It seems that certain, books now In the
possession of the Fair contingent are
wanted as evidence by Mrs. Craven's
side, and after Borne talk about 'the In
ability of officers to serve subpenas on
the executors it developed that they ore
in the hands of counsel for the defense
Accordingly Attorney Pence declared that
he would have subpenas served upon
counsel to produce the books in court next
Monday- ... . ,
SEVERAL FRENCH
VESSELS LOST
Thirteen Men Drowned
Near Palmyra.
PARIS, Feb. 16.— Advices from all
French ports record wrecks and injuries
to vessels. During yesterday's gale an
unknown sailing-craft stranded on the
reefs .outside Brest, and. four bodies have
come; ashore. A' number jof fishing boats
were also lost or seriously damaged along
the north coast. The French battleship
Admiral' Duperre- broke from her moor
ingsin the ' Brest roads 'and drifted shore-
Ward, but.was held up In the nick of time
by her own anchors. _
BORDEAUX. Feb. 15.-The French
steamer Ernestine of 417 tons, from
Nantes, has been wrecked at Palmyra,
Part of her crew was saved, but thirteen
others lost their lives.
The French schooner Notre- Dame'des
Dunes of 127 tons Is now ashore at La
Couore. Four of her crew have been lost.
The place where the Ernestine was
wrecked Is at the mouth of the river
Glronde. The captain of the vessel was
killed by a falling mast and only three of
the crew were saved. ;, » '
Advocates More Divisions.
LONDON, Feb. 15.— Spencer Wilkinson,
in the Morning Post to-day, advocates the
advisability of forming tenth, eleventh
and twelfth divisions and sending them to
the Cape to be ready for each emergency,
as well as the formation and training at
home of as many additional battalions as
possible. He says: "Lord Rosebery's
speech in the House of Lords last evening
probably expresses the universal feeling
and the universal temper, and it will do
great good in arousing the country. Lord
Roeebery Is to be congratulated upon urg
ing the necessity of preparing the navy."
Damming Klip River.
LONDON. Feb. 15. — The Dally Mall
has the following dispatch from Lourenzo
Marquez, dated Wednesday:
"A prominent Pretoria citizen, Just from
Ladysmith, Informs me that the Boers
are rapidly damming Klip River. Two
thousand Kaffirs are employed in the
work and they have deposited 10,000 sand
bags already. They are "only able to
work at night, as they would be under
British fire. This citizen, however, be
lleves that the operation will be futile."
Munitions Still Passing.
LONDON, Feb. 15.— The correspondent
of the Times at Lourenzo Marquez tele
gratfilng Wednesday says:
"The republics are now obtaining' subr
stantial supplies of sugar, coffee and flour
through a Delagoa Bay firm and further
heavy consignments are expected within
a fortnight. It is believed also that munl
tlons are still passing."
Reception to Natives.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, Feb. 15. — Woodland Par
lor No. 30, N. S. G. W., has completed all
arrangements for the big reception and
banquet to be held on the 24th, at which
150 visiting delegates, representing Sacra
mento, Marysville. Chico. Dlxon - and
Winters parlors, are expected to be pres
ent.
Northcote temporarily commands the
fourth division."
Fears regarding a Boer attack on Zulu
land are somewhat allayed by a special
dispatch from Durban, which says that a
column of colonial scouts after a forced
march has arrived at Eshowe in splen
did fighting form. They, were pursued
several times during the march by the
Boers, but. succeeded In repulsing them.
The official list of British casualties at
Rensberg from February 10 to February
12 shows: Killed, four officers and seven
men; wounded, six officers and fourteen
men; missing, two officers and eight men.
The officers killed were Colonel Conyng
ham- of the Worcester Hegiment .and
Major G. R. Eddy and Lieutenant J.
Powell and J. C. Roberts, all of the Aus
tralians.
ZULUS MAY BE ARMED
TO FIGHT THE BOERS
LONDON, Feb. 15.-In the House of
Commons to-day during the course of a
reply to a question relative to the prob
able Boer invasion of Zululand, the Secre
tary of State for the Colonies, Joseph
Chamberlain, said that the Government
had decided that if the native territories
were invaded by the Boers the natives
"would be encouraged and assisted in
every way In defending themselves."
Chamberlain's reply confirmed the re
ports of the invasion of Zululand, and
showed the consequences could not Tall to
be serious throughout South Africa, aa
the alarm and unrest of the Zulus was
bound to spread to the Natal natives. The
Colonial Secretary also said that the Na
tal- Ministry had notified the home Gov
ernment that it could not any longer be
responsible for the peaceful attitude of
the Zulus, as the Invasion of their coun
try was contrary to a tacit compact that
the natives should not be dragged into the
war.
Mr. Balfour. the Government leader,
dealing with the same subject and the
possibility of employing Indian troops,
eaid his former statement to the tffect
that the Government would not employ
natives in the present war was based on
the belief that by common consent the
war would be confined to the two
EJuropean races, adding: "If the Boers
adopt a course Inconsistent with the idea
we hold ourselves free to reconsider our
decision." "*
BRITAIN'S MILITARY
SCHEME IS ADOPTED
LONDON, Feb. 15.— The House of Com
mons this evening adopted", the Govern
ment's military scheme by a vote of 233
against 34, the minority consisting chiefly
of Irish members.
When the House went into committee
of supply on the supplementary -war es
timates William Redmond, Nationalist
member for East Clare, strongly objected
to adding a single man to the British
army, which, he said, was now -engaged
In a. -war which Is an Insult to God. a war
waged by Christian England against a
Christian people who only desire to re
tain their own land." He declared his
belief that the British reverses were duo
to the fact that the British war waa un-
Just. Vr;:-
John Burns, nodical member for Bat
tersea, scouted the Idea that It was ' nec
essary to Strengthen tho British army^in
order to fight a country whose popula
tion was only equal to that of his own
constituency.' '['', :\X
Mr. ' Wyndham, Parliamentary Under
Secretary Tor "War, answering criticisms,
said it was unnecessary to reply to Mr.
William Kedmond"a argument, because
the .Irishmen at the front were giving
the answer with their lives.
At midnight the closure was enforced
and the division taken, with, the result
stated.'
ONE BOER FORCE
HAS FALLEN BACK
LONDON, Feb. 16, 4a. m.— A dispatch
from Cape Town received early this
morning says that the Boers have fallen
back from Rensberg to Arundel. Amn
del is the next station to Rensberg. some
ten miles south of It, on the railway
which runs through Naauwpoort, an im
portant Junction, about twenty miles fur
ther south, where General Clements has
his headquarters.
+4-4++++++ + + + + + + + +
T^ Curious fellow — the Sultan .
of Johore! And yet more odd _,
and , attractive is the country
"*" he rules. Neafit Sunday's Call
~*~ will contain some perfect pho-
"*" tographs taken by a promi-
+ nent San Franciscan upon a
"^ visit there, and also will con- ~*
? tain a most interesting article "?"
+ by him upon this trip. "?"
+ + ?> + + + + + + + + + + +> ?
Foreign Military Attaches Who Have^ Joined Lord X
Roberts at M odder River. t
t
The appearance of these officers Is taken to Indicate early and Impor- 1
tant movements under the immediate eye of the commander-in-chief In the I
direction of Klmberley or Bloemfontein, or both at once. T
NEWS OF THE M
111 SOUTH AFRICA
Continued Prom First Page.'
¦ ¦ -- - , ¦ - . .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAL.L, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1900.
RABAH'S SWAY
IS ENDED IN
THE SOUDAN
Forces of Famous "African
Napoleon" Routed in a
Bloody Battle.
FRENCH LOSS HEAVY
Commander of the Expedition Ad
mits That Half His Force Was
Placed Hors de Combat.
PARIS, Feb. 15.— M. de Crals, Minister
of the Colonies, has received a telegram
from the Governor of the French Congo,
M. de Lamothe, announcing the defeat
In battle of Rabah. the principal chief
tain of the Central Soudan, by a French
expedition under M. Gentil.
Rabah has long been the strongest op
ponent of the extension of French in
fluence In the Soudan. He was formerly
a Blave of Zebehr Fasha, himself a great
Soudan ' ruler, but revolted and formed
a kingdom of his own in Central Africa,
subjugating potentate after potentate un
til he became the head of a vast empire.
His career of victory gained for him tho
name of the "African .Napoleon." The
French have been fighting his power for
years, and to-day's dispatch announces
his overthrow.
It appears that he was Btrongly in
trenched at Kouna. between the French
Congo and Lake Tchad, which Is the ob
jective of aJI French expeditions, whether
across the Sahara from Algeria or from
the French colonies in "West Africa ajid
the Congo. Kouna was defended by 12,000
men, with 2500 rifles and three cannon.
After a dtsperate fight, according to the
dispatch, the French demolished the fort
ress. Two of Rabah's cannon were de
stroyed by the French shells, llabah., who
was wounded during the fight, fled six
hours before its conclusion.
The commander of the French expedi
tion, however, admits that fully half of
his own force was placed hors de com
bat. Forty-three Senegalese sharpshoot
ers were killed and four Europeans, in
cluding Captain Robillot., and 106 Sene
galese were wounded.
The commander of the expedition Bays
In his report: "We had altogether only
330 rifles, so I thought it inadvisable to
continue the march to Lake Tchad. Cap
tain Robillot occupies a fortified'canton
ment at Tounla."
The commander of the expedition re
turned to Bangue to inform the Governor
of the defeat of Rabah. He reports that
the result will be very Important, as
Rabah is completely demoralized by his
losses, estimated at between 2000 and 3000
killed. Rabah Is fleeing almost alone to
the north. The Sultan of Bagrulrml, a
large territory hitherto overawed by
Rabah, has joined Captain Robillot, and
the route to Lake Tchad has been opened
up for a steamer along- the river Chari.
The Governor has sent reinforcements
of Senegalese sharpshooters to enable the
commander of the expedition to continue
the march.
Silk Front Shirts
Have just- put in their appearance— silk front
shirts; material of body is Nasonville cotton, a very
dependable brand; bosom of heavy silk in white
* ground, with blue, pink, lavender, rose, tan, nile
green or navy blue stripe* and checks; cut full size in
body and sleeves; neck tieasure from 14 to 17.
A shirt is yours
75c
/
Out-of-town orders fiJ»d—MfrHa for il/usiraiad catalogue, Ho. 2.
|^ 7IS Market Street. T
/
2Loss of Appetite!
Loss of Energy!
Loss of Strength !
jy.S yoa i w.i experience these? Do yoti no-
tice »njr ruch feelics; now? If you <so, then b«
cured. HUDYAN" will cur* ycu.
Have you headaches or <Sizzy spells, as <Se«-
lgna:t<! tj Fir l? Are you pale or erniclated,
i_- tn Fi«. 2? Have you a coated tongue or of-
r»n»[ve breath. Fie- *' If j-ou observe these
t yrptOES. tfcea take HUDYAN. for HUDYAN
»!I1 at onoe relieve yoa.
Ferfcapt you notice fiutterin^ or palpitation
cf heart. Fl*. 4? Bleating* cr pain In «toa-
»ch. F"l«r. ft Inactivity or torpidity of liver, as
indicated by Tig. C? A.l these eymptoms and
the forepotn*" ones Indicate Dyspepsia. Be
cured by HUDTAN, tor HUDTAX never falls
la these cases.
Do you not ksow tfeat dyspepsia and lndl-
pCEtlcn ere forerunners or Vlceratlon of the
Etcsiach. cf Heart ccirrlicatlon. of Inflamma-
ifrtous ieC Cancerous cccpiicatlonsr for"!
you take HUDTAN now. you will soon be en-
HUDYAN Wis utter knewa to fall' in dl»-
»&se< cT this sa'ure, for HUDTAN" strengthens
eJI the psan<Js thu are concerned in the <2i«r«-
tica of your food, aad gUiaulalei them to cer-
"hLT^TAJS^ It for e&le by cTn«l*tß-Wc a
package or ctz packages fcr II SO.
If your drusTST'st <l->e» not keep HUIJTAN,
ftzi Clrect to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
rcrr.w Stockton. Ellis and Market sis.. San
Fraaci»co, CaL
T CONSULT *\ Consult Fre» the
I FREE. 1 Hud >«n Doctors. Call
•4 *¦ or write to them.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE,
Ctren&r Assertion* as to Jtit What
the Hcnu-du* will Xtm.
Mbstob c««ntatee«
Cx, will cur* nftilj
JS&iXBEgeEfS. all cases «f rfctum.-
t*2& ***>!» tl*» la • ttw hcin.
tSr F3» tfcmt ku Z>T*pep*U Can
V£. 4KS9 wVI care tnd^ectlva sad
«H ¦ ¦*?ff ail ttsmich trouble ;
I"* *****&&£/ ltat tv "">W Our*
I \F*jf * ul c>:r * 6> * • >er ccn '-
>L S-tcrk'tJ ** »' iJ «**«» iJ kld«»T
\ Cr ~**~ ?/ ' troaWe; that his Os-
Jk, " tSfjtif ttrrb Cu> »:J cure
fSfc^ eatarrk no matter fco-.v
yfr 'a»^^ S£ws^. locs »taoiloj; tt»t fcl*
V i VX22&3?3/ Headache O;r« rill cure
**1 i eP* * cy kXoa °* ¦•¦*»**• i"
I I I * * ew B^BBt**; \ that
• kit Cold Our* \ will
. .'¦ «aulckl^ break op m-j
ewra cf «s« aca to «n through the entire Un ef
r.cedJes. At all drucclsts. 23 cents a »lal. \
If too need is«<i!cal advice write Pr^. Maajv.
1506 ires it., raia. It U ahwdmtlj tree, v"
BAJA CALIFORNIA 'A
Damiana Bitters >
IS A OP.EAT RESTORATIVE, IXVIOORA-
tor end Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic !t the Sexual Organs for both aexes.
The Mexican lieisedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ney* and Uladder. Sells on Its own merits
KAUEK, ALFS & ISRCNE. Agents,
13 Market street. S. P.— <Send for Circular).
— __
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CCHE OF GONORRHOEA,
UieetK. Strictures and anatocous coal
pln!nt» of tfce Orcirj c j Generation.
Wet II a bottie. Fcr ««J« by drucxlsta.
Wri&lfs Mi Yeptal Fills
ABE ACKNOWLEDGED UT THOUSANDS
cf EtrtoLi mho have mkA them lor forty
years to care SICK. HEADACHE. GIDDINESS.
CO-nstifaTlO.n, Torpia Lirer, Weak BtoouKAl
l^iclet and Durifjr itt fclosd.
OBJECTED TO
PASTOR'S VIEWS
So Huntington Quits His
Church.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.-Collis P. Hun*
ington and his family no longer attend
service at St. Peter's Protestant Episco
pal Church, "West Chester, because the
views of Mr. Huntington and the rector.
Rev. Dr. Clendenin. do not ccilncide.
Formerly the rector and the millionaire
were on very good terms and Mr. Hunt
ington has given in all more than $10,000
to the church.
There were most cordial relations be
tween Rev. Mr. Clendenin and Mr Hunt
ington some years ago. Mrs. Clendenin.
whom Mrs. Huntlngton has known since
her childhood, was a frequent visitor at
the handsome residence of the Huntine
t( ?J\? at . T hrogga Neck. Mr. Huntington,
although he Is not himself a churchman
is opposed to extreme views of any kind
and for this reason the two men could'
not agree.
The rector made a determined ¦ attack
upon the saloons of "West Chester several
years ago. Mr. Huntington. it is under
stood, does not believe in attacking the
saloon so long 1 as the proprietors keep
within the law. Further back, the West
Chester free hospital was closed on ac
count of a controversy started by the rec
tor, who insisted that half of the hos
pital be given over to Homeopathic phy
sicians.
"There has been no serious disagree
ment between Mr. Huntington and my.
self," said the rector. "I have not been
talking against trusts and money power
It fs possible that some of the leisure
clas3 do not like my teachings, but I al
ways regarded Mr. Huntlngton as very
democratic."
GENERAL HARRISON WAS
ROBBED IN PARIS
INDIANAPOLIS. Feb. 15.— 1t Is being
related here to-night that both ex-Presl
der.t Harrison and his wife were systemat
ically robbed and otherwise swindled dur
ing their visit to Paris last summer, when
the general wa^ engaged In the Venezue
lan claims affair. The ex-President waa
asked about the matter to-night and ha
confirmed the etory, although he said he
did not know that It was abroad and did
not authorize it. He now thinks that a
young Frenchman who acted as his valet
was the swindler, or if not that he knew
all about the larcenies. Aside from sums
of money that the ex-President missed,
the boldest and most accomplished opera
tion consisted in a series of forgeries iier
jttrated on Mrs. Harrison. During the
simmer Bhe looked for drafts due on seme
prvate Investments of her own. ¦ They
nrtpr came. Quite recently they came to
heilwith her name fairly well Indorsed on
the*. The amounts of the various drafts
and ihe name of the forger could nut be
leaned- General Harrison would grlvo no
detal^ beyond saying that the story waa
Eubst:*tially correct. :
I^you want a good laugh,
look \t page 11 of next Sun-
day's tail. Clever pictures of
our Sin Francisco notables
in wftll^nown theatrical roles.
Tou wll see man 7 familiar
faces thVe. Very odd and
unique. \
CHARLES P. GROTE.
that a search of the records failed to show
Mr. Macrum had ever reported to the de
partment that his official mail was be
ing regularly tampered with by the Brit
ish authorities. It was said that he did.
in a general way, report that both offi
cial and private mall, Intended for Ameri
can citizens, did not reach him punctually
and asked that protest be made on ac
count of this rather arbitrary proceeding
on the part of the postal authorities. The
department investigated the matter and
learned that no unnecessary delay existed
and does not credit the statement that
any correspondence, official or Otherwise,
was opened, inspected and delayed by
British authorities.
Mr. Macrum stated that his Vice Con
sul, Mr. Van Amerfngen, closed up his
business, took the oath of allegiance to
the republic and went to the front as a
burgher. The records show that when
m «? Van . Ame £ Ingen1 ngen applied for appoint
ment as Vice-Consul at Pretoria he stated
that he was born In Holland; that hia
legal residence was at Pretoria and that
he was a naturalized citizen of the South
£\ > Tv r f pi f Ilc <. TWs application was
dated Pretoria. November 12. IS9S.
MACRUM HAD
NO AUTHORITY IN
SOUTH AFRICA
"Charles E. Macrum should have the
commendation of all the American peo
ple. He is a noble man and was Bimply
forced to leave Pretoria because our Gov
ernment made him act more as a Britleh
than an American representative."
This statement was made yesterday by
Charles F. Grote. an American citizen of
German descent, who reached this city
January 11 after a residence of two years
and a half in the Transvaal. Mr. Grote
Is an Intelligent, earnest appearing man.
and he is very bitter over the manner
In which he and other Americans have
been treated in the Transvaal, all due,
he declares, to the restriction of power
on the part of our Consuls there in the
Interests of England.
Grote says that he ha» been forced to
travel half-way around the world In order
to merely secure a duplicate of his citi
zenship papers w £! cn would permit him
to remain in the Transvaal. He cam* to
America from Hanover when 16 years of
age and was admitted to citizenship in
this city in ISSB. He is a machinist by
trade and worked for years in various
coast cities, including Oakland and San
Francisco. Having procured a certificate
of his naturalization he will depart aeain
for the Transvaal.
"I had saved up about $800 or $1000
during my stay in Africa." said Grote
yesterday, "and most of it will be spent
on the long trip over and back, which
would have been utterly unnecessary had
our representatives In South Africa not
been tied down so.
"I was working as machinist at a mine
near Johannesburg at J5 a day when the
war broke out. and all foreigners were
ordered to get out unless they could ob
tain official permission to stay— the Brit
ish subjects from the Transvaal Govern
ment Itself and all others from their re
spective 'Consuls. I had been robbed
some time before of some documents In
cluding my naturalization papers. '
"Wishing to stay In the country, I went
to the Vice Consul at Johannesburg and
explained my predicament to him He
said he could do nothing- for me. I called
on the Landroßt at Johannesburg, and
he eaid I could stay if I got a Consular
permit.
"I then went to Consul Macrum at Pre
toria and told him my story. He said
after hearing It: 'Grote. I feel as sure as
I am of anything that you are an Ameri
can citizen, and I am willing to let you
stay, and am anxious that you should
but I am so bound down that I can do
nothing. • Even my telegrams to my own
Government are not answered. My coun
try will not give me enough authority to
do many things that I should do— not
enough to properly look after the Inter
ests of those of my fellow-countrymen
who look to me for assistance.*
"Mr. Macrum seemed much exercised
over the position he was in and asked me
if I g-ot to America to tell the people how
matters stood. When I heard he had left
Pretoria I knew exactly why It was
"The Boera are a noble, honest people
Why. after I found I must g-et out of the
country because I could not prove my cJt
lzenship I went to the Postal Savincs
Bank in Pretoria, conducted by the Gov
ernment, and asked for'JSOO I had depos
ited there. They said if I was going to re
main in the country I could deposit but
not withdraw. When I told them l' was'
going to leave they gave me all my
money. 'That looks like honesty, doesn't
"Those who were ordered "from the
Transvaal were treated like beasts while
being conveyed by the English companies
from Delagoa Bay to Cape Town." Grote
declared.
Grote will make an open statement to
night before the Transvaal Relief Com
mittee, In the Phelan building, , of. wbat
he knowi_of_ South AjWcan attain. .
Struck by an Engine.
ELKO. N'er, Feb. 15.— As train No. 4
wa* nearing the side track at Cedar
Pass, fifteen miles east of Wells, this
xncmlng:, James Mlllsap, a brakeman, at
tempted to cross the track ahead of the
engine, when it struck him. breaking both
of his legs and crushing his skull. He
vvas taken aboard the train and carried
to Opdea for treatment. He will prob
ably die.
Smallpox in Nevada
ELKO, Nev.. Feb. 15.— A. W. Lewellen
of Bumpter. Or., was taken off the west
bound train here last night showing pro
r.ouneed symptoms of smallpox. He was
lodged In a tent In the outskirts of the
town, and win be taken to the pest
house, which was finished to-day. It is
not thought the disease will epread.
Convention of Beekeepers.
LOS AXGELES, Feb. IS.— Arrangements
have been perfected to hold the annual
session of the California State Bee
keepers' Association convention In Los
Ar.celes. February 21 and 22. The cession
win be held in the assembly-room of the
Chamber of Commerce. President R. Wil
k!n v.-ill preside.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 15.-Respond-
Ing to the Senate's resolution of
January 17. the President to-day
sent to the Senate a report from
the Secretary of State, accompanying pa
pers showing the steps that have been
taken to obtain the restitution of prop
erty of American citizens seized by the
military authorities of Great Britain in
or near Delagoa Bay, South Africa. The
report consists entirely of correspondence
between the State Department and Em
bassador Choate and the British Govern
ment. The fact that the flour received
had been released was published.
The correspondence begins with the- re
port of Consul General Stowe, located at
Cape Town, made on December 6. and re
lating to the detention of the British ship
Maria and the seizure of the British ship
Mashona and also the Beatrice, all carry
ing American flour and other foodstuffs
lor the ' Transvaal. These acts were
brought to the notice of Embassador
Choate by Secretary Hay on December 21,
when the latter was instructed "to bring 1
the matter to the attention of the British
Government and to inquire as to the cir
cumstances and legality of the seizure,"
He added: "If It was illegal you will re
quest prompt action and restitution."
Consul Hollis, at Lourenzo Marquez,
was instructed at the same time "to use
all proper efforts to protect the property
of American shippers."
Mr. Choate's- first note, dated January
1. relates to the American flour on the
Mashona, and he says in this that the
vessel was brought into the prize court
"on the charge of trading with the
enemy."
On January 2 Mr. Choate waa Instructed
by Mr. Hay to the effect that he should
'•represent the views of this Government
to be that unless it can be ehown that
the goods were contraband It does not
regard them as subject to capture under
the circumstances represented."
On January 4 Mr. Choate reported a
conference with Lord Salisbury, who, he
fald. claimed that the Maria and the
MasSona had been seized for violation of
the municipal law of Great Britain, the
seizure being merely an incidental matter
and that Lord Salisbury knew nothing of
On the 10th of that month Mr. Choate
transmitted particulars concerning the at
titude of the British Government, Baying
that Lord Salisbury did not claim that
any of the American goods seized were
contraband, the position of the British
Government being that "foodstuffs with
a hostile destination can be considered
.contraband only if they are supplies for
the enemy's forces and if it is suffi
cient that they are capable of so be.lng
used."
Mr. Choate reports In this communica
tion Lord Salisbury's suggestion that the
British Government settle the matter by
taking the flour and paying for it at its
price at its destination. Mr. Choate urged
such sale to the British Government as
the simplest and easiest method of settle
ment. This question was still pending,
however, when the correspondence ceased.
On the 17th Mr. Choaie reported that
the cargo of the Beatrice had been dis
charged at East London, and that there
was no allegation against It, no seizure
having been contemplated: that the car
go of the Marie was at Durban free for
its owners to take; that the Mashona
was at Cape Town, but that owing to the
fact that there were no bills of lading
there -was much difficulty in dealing -with
its cargo.
Incidentally Mr. Choate states in a dis
patch of the ISth relating an interview
with Lord Salisbury that "he claims no
blockade or elegre of Delagoa Bay, but
only the right to seize real contraband of
war on the high seas .which Is destined
for the enemy's forces."
On the 26th Mr. Choate reported the
conclusions of the British authorities that
large quantities of the flour carried by
the Beatrice were destined for the South
African republic, making it necessary to
land at East London, as it was Impossible
to discharge this part of the cargo wlth
out discharging the remainder, allowing
removal of parts of the cargo for local
Portuguese consumption.
Secretary Hay took apparent excep
tion to this proceeding, saying it was
"In conflict with the assurances that
foodstuffs with hostile intention are not
contraband of war unless intended as
supplies for the enemy's forces, and In
admlselble from the view of the United
States."
Replying to this point Mr. Choate said
that Lord Salisbury had disclaimed the
purpose indicated.
The correspondence closes with a notice
from Mr. Choate to Mr. Hay of February
9, to the effect tha.t the American, goods
on the Mashona had been placed at the
disposal of the American Consul General
at Cape Colony.
REVOLUTIONISTS WIN
VICTORIES IN VENEZUELA
Forces of General Ron Defeat Govern
ment Troops, Securing a Large
Number of Rifles.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1900; by the New York
Herald Coiarany.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad. Feb. 15.—
Latest advices from Venezuela are that
the Hernandez revolution is active and is
gaining. General Ron. commanding a
force of revolutionists, attacked twelve
hundred Government troops under Gen
erals Martin and Guevara at Guarico The
Government troops were defeated. Eight
hvndred rifles and a large quantity of
amunition fell Into the hands of the revo
lutionists. .
Robbed by Footpads.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 15.— A man named
John Larey, who says he Is from Lodl,
was to-night held up on the river front by
three men and robbed of $170. He could
eive no description of the footpads
blamed for his case and this building and
adjoining ones were destroyed by flre on
the 7th inst.
No new cases have developed during the
past four days. The house to house in
spection i 3 being kept up. The health
officials are feeling easier and have grant
ed permission for churches, schools and
places of amusement to reopen. A bounty
of 25 cents for live, rats and 15 cents for
dead ones has . been offered. It is be
lieved that the Japanese ratcatchers will
take advantage of thi3 offer and will do
much to rid the city of the plague-spread
ing rodents. The Board of Health will
also set a day apart for the wholesale
slaughter of rats; all householders will
be supplied with packages of poison for
use on their respective premises. It Is
expected that this latter plan will prove
to be an effective one.
The island of Lanai, with a population
of 600, is .sadly in need of provisions. A
launch came to this city on the 7th to
notify, the authorities of a threatened
famine. Steps were taken at once to send
a supply of provisions.
The schooner Golden Shore had a nar
row escape from destruction by fire on
the 7th. The vessel was fumigated and
forty-eight hours later flames were dis
covered In the hold. A bucket brigade
was organized and the fire put out, but
not before the vessel was damaged to the
extent of $1500. The schooner will leave
for the Sound In ballast.
FUGUE VICTIMS
IN HONOLULU
Two Whites Attacked
by the Disease.
HONOLULU. Feb. 9.— Five cases of
plague have developed since the Alameda
sailed on the 2d Inst. Among the stricken
ones were two white men— J. Weir Rob
ertson, a clerk in a large hardware store,
and J. H. Hartman, a stableman, who
recently came from San Francisco. Rob
ertson lingered twenty-four hours and
then succumbed; Hartman is said to be
improving under the Pasteur- treatments
Where Robertson contracted the dis
ease has not been discovered. Hartman
was employed In a stable next to the
Pantheon saloon, a place from whltfi
three cases were taken. The saloon is
RIVAL OFFICIAL SUES
FOR INJUNCTION
Kentucky's' Political Fight Is Trans
ferred to the Courts by tho
Contestants.
LOUISVILLE. Feb. 15.— Following the
lead of Governor Taylor, who yesterday
brought suit for an Injunction against
Governor Beckham, claiming to be Gov
ernor of Kentucky, and General John B.
Castleman. claiming to be Adjutant Gen
eral of Kentucky, Lieutenant Governor
John M. Marshall this afternoon filed suit
for an injunction against Governor Beck
ham and against LJllard H. Carter. Presi
dent pro tern, of the Senate, now meeting
in this city. The suit is similar in its
general averments to that of Governor
Taylor. No application has yet been made
for a restraining order in either case.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Feb. 15.— The clash
between the Democratic and Republican
branches of the State Government was
emphasized to-night by the prison official*
releasing John Seals, a 'Louisville convict,
on a pardon issued by Governor Beckbam.
Deputy Warden Punch was acting War
den to-night, and when the pardon papers
were presented to him he ordered Seals
released, and the latter left the city tO
nlKht.
Douglas Hays, a Knott County convict,
recently pardoned by Governor Taylor. Is
still In confinement, the prison officials
refusing to recognize Taylor as Governor.
BOSTON, Feb. 13.— A dispatch to the
Globe from Hollo says: Three Massachu
setts soldiers of the Twenty-sixth Regi
ment, U. S. V., have been tortured to
death by Insurgents. The men were Den
nis Hayes, William Dugan and Michael
Tracey, privates of Company *F, under
Captain William M. Tutherly. They re
mained behind the column at Balinag last
November to get a tuba, and refused to
accompany the corporal sent by Captain
Tutherly to bring them along. They were
captured by the insurgents hanging on
the rear of the column and were cruelly
tortured and murdered by the rebels In
the public plaza at Balinag. the action
being countenanced by the Spanish priest.
The padre has since left his parish for the
mountains.
When the men remained behind they
had with them their full equipment of
arms and ammunition, which was cap
tured.
MANILA, Feb. 15.— Insurgent forces, es
timated" to number 5000 soldiers, mostly
bolomen, attacked the American garrison
in the convent at Dacaga. in the province
of Abany, during the night of February
5. They were repulsed, however, after
they had burned much of the town. One
lieutenant, wounded, waa the only loss
sustained by the Americans.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 15. — The adju
tant general received the following cable
to-day from General Otis:
MANILA,. Feb. 15.— Bates left to-day with
two regiments and a battery of artillery on
transports for San Miguel Bay. province of Ca
marlnes Sur. - to move on Xueva Caceres and
towns in that section. The road east from An
tlmunan. through the province of Tayabas. is
not practicable for troops. The insurgents in
Camarines show considerable activity, and
make attacks on our troops along the south
eastern coast of iAizon Island. It is reported
that they hold several hundred Spanish and a
few American prisoners In the vicinity of
N'ueva Caceres. Kobbe. with two regiments,
occupies the southeastern extremity of Luzon
from Tobago on the north to Donsol on the
south; also all important points of the islands
of Cantanduanes, Samar and Leyte. The con
ditions throughout the Philippines are generally
Improving. All coasting vessels are now en
gaged in transporting merchandise and prod
ucts. The ladrone element is troublesome in
all of the Islands and keeps troops very actively
engaged.
Senator McLaurin of South Carolina
had a conference with the President to
day and it Is understood was offered a
place on the new Philippine commission.
The Senator assured the President that
while he fully appreciated the honor, tae>
thought his duty to nis constituents de
manded that he retain his place In the
Senate. He said, however, that he would
take the matter under advisement.
AMERICA'S GRIEVANCES
AGAINST GREAT BRITAIN
Alleged Tampering Witn Official Correspondence to Be
Investigated by Congress-Status of the
Seizure ol Flour in Delagoa Bay.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— Representative Wheeler of Kentucky Introduced
the following- resolution:
Whereas, Charles Macnim, late Consul of the United States Gov
ernment at Pretoria, Transvaal Republic, over his own signature
charges "that when this (his) mail .was finally forwarded tome
after Colonel Stowe, the American Consul General at Capetown,
had secured its release, I had the humiliation as the representative
of the American Government of sitting in my office in Pretoria and
looking upon envelopes bearing the official seal of the American
Government opened and officially sealed with a sticker, notifying
me that the contents had been read by the censor at Durban," and
whereas, he further states in the same article, "when I accepted
my post as Consul I knew nothing of any secret alliance between
America and Great Britain," therefore be it
Resolved, By the House that the Secretary of State is direct
ed to inform the House of Representatives if said Charles E. j Ma
crum, as Consul of the American Government, informed the State
Department that his official mail had been opened and read by the
British censor at Durban, and, if so, what steps, if any, have been
taken to obtain an explanation and apology from the British Gov
ernment.
Section 2— Be it further directed to Inform the House of Rep
resentatives what truth there is in the charge that a secret alliance
exists between the republic of the United States and the empire
of Great Britain.
The Speaker referred the resolution to the Foreign Affairs Commltte*.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.-While
State Department officials were
y averse to-day to discussing the
statement published of ex-Consul
Macrurn, it was authoritatively stated
GAME OF CARDS
CAUSES MURDER
Italian Fatally Stabbed
at Merced.
Special IMspatch to The Call
MERCED. Feb. 15.— This mornlns at 3
o'clock V. Chlnotto and G. Giofera, both
natives of Italy, engaged in a quarrel
which resulted in the latter killing the for
mer. The two, with several other country
men, had been playing cards during the
greater part of the evening In the oface
of the Legura Hotel, when a difficulty
arose, but friends of the parties took hold
of the matter and thought that they had
settled it satisfactorily to all concerned.
At about 3 o'clock Chtnotto stated that
he Intended to retire and started for his
room, when Giofera called him to the
street and there renewed the quarrel
about the cards, and drawing a knife from
his pocket he thrust it into Chinotto'a
body, the blade entering the left side and
piercing the heart. A physician was sum
moned, but life was extinct before be
reached the murdered man.
Giofera when under the Influence <rf
liquor Is very quarrelsome, and only a
short time ago was arrested for striking
a man on the head with a bottle. The
dead man was about 32 years of age.
Giofera was arrested Immediately after
the fatal affair and Is now confined In th*
County Jail.
THREE AMERICAN SOLDIERS
TORTURED BY INSURGENTS
Dropped Out of tne Column at Balinag, Were Captured
: by Rebel Hangers-on and Murdered on
tne Public Plaza.
THE SAN FBA2S-CISCO CAU^, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1900.
INEFFECTUAL
ATTEMPT TO
ROB A TRAIN
Bold Work of a Gang of
Masked Men at Pair
banks, Arizona.
SO BOOTY SECURED.
While Defending the Safe Express
Messenger Milton Is Shot Down
by the Highwaymen.
DEXVER. Feb. 15.-A special to the-
J*ews from Benson. Ariz., cays: The New
Mexico and Arizona, passenger train
•which left Benson for Nopaies was held
up by masked robbers at Fairbanks,
twenty miles below Benson, to-nig-ht.
Express Messenger Milton was shot sev
eral times. Milton had Just delivered his
packages for Fairbanks ar.d was going:
back into his car when he was command
ed to open his cafe. Instead. of comply
ing- with the request he grabbed his Win
chester ar.d made a brave fight. He suc
ceeded in holding the robbers at bay un
til help reached him and the desperadoes
were driven off.
The robbers did not secure any booty
ar.d left, going In the direction of Old
ileadco.
Miltoa was brourht to Benson and will
be sent to Tucson on a special train.
Officers from Benson and Tombstone have
Jeft for the scene of the holdup.
Single and double
WjKm breasted 'blue serge
suits — ten dollars
j- : W Surely we do not have
— • _
Roys' midciv suits
Economizing mothers will find it of interest to come here for the boy's clothing— we make OUT own clothes
and retail 1 them at prices one-third less, than the usual market prices.
Middy suitsin blue serge and cheviot, ages j to 10 years, sailor collar, seven rows of silk soutache . braid
trimming, vestee with imitation shield and. buttoned front, two pockets, pants lined throughout. The suits are
$6.£0 values—price now for a time
* Out-of'town orders for the suits will be filled— write vs — we will inform you how to take your measurement; we ml/ bo abb
to send you a suit that fits as it should. Ask for our catalogue No. 2.
718 Market Street-
3Opposed to Darkness.
The Public Improvement Central Club
has filed with the Supervisors a protest
against the proposed suspension of street
lighting for the next four months. it
claims that such a course would act as
a menace to the lives and property of the
citizens,- .
Inspecting Postal Matters.
Colonel W. G. Eden?, assistant super
intendent of the free delivery service of
the United States Postoffice Department,
with headquarters at Chicago, arrived
last night to spend a few weeks in this
State inspecting the working of the free
delivery eyslem. Mrs. Edens accompanies
him. ~
ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED
OF STANFORD GRADUATES
Miss Grace Clark of San Jose Will
Become the Bride of Ray 2T.
Strohn.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAX JOSE, Feb. 15.— The announcement
Is made of the coming marriage of Misa
Grace Clark of this city and Ray N.
S'trohn of Los Angeles in June next. The
engagement Is the result of a courtship
that commenced at Stanford University,
where both young people graduated. Misa
Clark Is a daughur of the late XV. H.
Clark, a prominent capitalist, and Is the
heir to a couple hundred thousand dollars.
Strohn was one of the most prominent
students at Stanford, being a member of
the glee and mandolin clubs and the base
bail club.
The wedding will probably take place In
San Diego, and Miss Virginia Hearne, a
Stanford friend of Miss Clark, who resides
th<3re, will be married at the same time to
another Stanford graduate. Miss Grace
Clark is now on her way to Europe with
Miss Strohn. a sister of her fiance, but
will return" some time In May. Miss
Clark's older sister. Miss Anna Clark, a
few months ago married Jerome A. Hart
of the Argonaut.
SEVERE EARTHQUAKE
OCCURS IN LIMA, PERU
Shock Lasts for Forty-Five Seconds
. and Terrifies the Entire
Population.
Spedal Cable to The Call and New. York Her
ald. Copyrighted, ISOO, by the New York
Herald Company.
LIMA. Peru, Feb. 15. — An earthquake
shock which. began at five minutes before
7 o'clock . this morning and lasted l orty-
UNVEILING OF A STATUE.
Interesting Ceremony to Take Place
is tHt Sodality Chapel at St.
Ignatius.
The unveiling of the statue of the
Sacred Heart will take place on Sunday
afternoon at 3 o'clock in the Ladies*
Sodality Chapel attached to St. Ignatius
Church. The statue is a work of much
merit by the celebrated sculptors De.en
Freres of Paris, standing five feet high,
and representing Christ through his sa
cred heart pleading for the love of souls.
It will be placed on a pedestal at the left
har.d side of the altar.
The statue will be unveiled <by the
learned and zealous director. Rev. H.
Woods, S. J.. and the ceremonies will be
open to members of the apostleship of
prayer as well as the promoters. The
I>eag-u« of. the Sacred Heart or Apostle
ship of Prayer Is a universal devotion to
the sacred heart of Christ, as well as a
society that performs many charitable
works. Itf membership throughout the
world is over seventy-tive millions and in
San Frarcl?oo it numbers some 20,0>>3.
It is noticeable that MY. Clarke says
nothing of the charges of petty larceny
again.«t Madeleine Bruguiere and Jane
Plunkett. which were telegraphed to San
Francisco.
Mrs. Bruguiere said:
"I have been with the company since
its opening and have got along mot»t
pleasantly with all the members.' There
has been nothing wrong about my ac
tions. I " don't know why Mr. Clarke
should say there has, and besides,! am
not discharged. Thy company is going
to disband. That's all there is to it."
Clarke had charged that she had been
guilty of smoking cigarettes. '¦
"I don't know of anything Mr. Clarke
has against me, and such charges are
not true," she said.
Then she began weeping, paying: "I
cannot say anything more. There Is noth
ing to say," and disappeared.
Mrs. BrugTilere leaves the company thl3
week at Grand Island, >Tebr.. and will
visit wealthy St. Louis relatives. From
there she will go to New York. Mlsa
Plunkett is already In New York. She
declares the whole trouble is due to
Clarke's ' uncontrollable admiration for
herself. Letters dated weeks ago to her
parents and friends speak of the trouble
that is bound to ensue unless Clarke
changes his temper and manners.
Mrs. Corson Clarke has taken a hand in
her husband's misunderstanding with
Jane Plunkett and Madeleine Bruguiere,
and has sent to The Call the following
telegram:
"!'- ~ OMAHA. Kebr., Feb. 13. 1900.
Editor Call, San Francisco, Cal.: Chronicle
statement Jane Plunkett. allefrins Mr. Clarke'i
infatuation, absurd and ridiculous; utterly
without foundation. Entire company can rer
lfy - J? 11 * was dismissed for reasons published.
Mr. Clarke hold* proofs.
ALICE DEMIN'G CLARKE.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO ACTOR HARRY
CORSON CLARKE
Theatrical Concern Is
Dissolved.
MADELEINE BRUGUIERE .will
leave the Harry Corson Clarke
Company this week at Grand Isl
and, Xeb. Jane Plunkett (Jane Ir
wln) has already left the company and
gone to New York. And over the "What
Happened to Jones" company hovers the
greatest cloud ot gossip of its sensational
existence.
The Leaveriworth Times has been trying
to get at the inside facts in the much dis
cussed case, and this is the result:
Mr. Clarke explained his position as fol
lows:
"This year I started out with several
new people in the company. We struck
two or three discordant notes, though, in
the selection. I was forced to get rid of
them. My show must be absolutely free
from any such evils. Last week at June-
) lon City I announced after the play that
the company would close the season in
two weeks. 1 meant it. too— that is, I meant
It would close fcr some of the members.
That is a perfectly legal thing to do. I
gave them two weeks' notice. It is cus
tomary In the profession. After I made
that public announcement I went around
to the members I wanted and told th<^m
the company would reorganize the day
following the close, and they would go on.
I have dates booked until May.
"We have been making money since the
opening night— a barrel of It, and not a
three-cent piece against us.
"But the trouble. You see it Is like thl3.
ve JJ B u t my wlfe (he waved his hand tc
ward her), and several of the troupe wore
people she could not shake hands with.
I told them- the season closes-, and it
does. That>s all there is to it. I have
three new people engaged to take their
parts, co the show will go right on and
everything la like velvet.
"I let out Jane Irwin (Miss Plunkett)
last week. She was one discordant note.
Miss Bruguiere was her boon companion,
and I gave her notice that the season
would close. I have given three others
notice, too.
"Oh, Miss Bruguiere Is well connected.
I got her from the Modjeska company.
Her husband, Pedar Bruguiere. is heir to
a million in San Francisco. She herself
is from one of the best-known families
on the coast. Her father is Judge Mc-
Kisick of San Francisco. She has been
studying for the stage for years, and it
was through choice she Is now with me.
She had been with Modjeska only six
weeks."
INTERESTS THE
PACIFIC COAST
Work of California's
Representatives.
Special Dltpatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 15.—Sena
tor Perkins to-day called upon the Secre
tary of Agriculture with Frank Miller,
president ot the Sacramento Chamber of
Commerce, who urged that a special
agent be sent to California to look into
the horticultural and viticulture!' indus
tries with a view to considering what
products of California are suited to the
markets of the Orient and Australia,
Representative Waters has Introduced
a bill amending Chapter 313, Revised
Statutes, providing that any person who
shall cause to set on fire any timber or
underbrush upon the public domain shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and
be subject to a fine of not more thaa
$5000 or a term of imprisonment of not
more than two years, or both. Fines col
lected under this bill are to be paid into
the public school fund of the county in
which collected.
Representative De Vries to-day intro
duced a resolution authorizing the Secre
tary of War to purchase lands necessary
for and to proceed with the works recom
mended by the California Debris Commis
sion in their report to Congress. Xo ap
propriation is asked.
The Secretary of the Treasury has an
nounced that Cape Xome, Alaska, has
been made a sub port of entry.
Representative Jones of Washington in
troduced a bill giving the Secretary of
the Interior discretionary power to ex
tend the time for making final proof in
desert land entries. He Introduced also
a resolution directing the Secretary of
¦\Yar to make a survey of the proposed
ship canal connecting Puget Sound and
Grays Harbor and to estimate the cost
of the same. ;* ; "
Senator Proctor from the Committee on
Military Affairs to-day made an adverse
report on the bill for the relief of volun
teers who served In the Philippine Islands
beyond the period of their enlistment. - In
reporting the bill Senator Proctor said:
"As the law now exists there is no dis
crimination between the regular and vol
unteer soldiers in the payment of travel
pay. Though prior to January 1, 1599, so!
•dlers, both regular and volunteer, who
had been discharged in the Philippines
were paid full travel allowances from the
place of discharge to that of enlistment,
yet payment or refusal of these allow-,
ances is not due any soldier as a. matter
of right, but rests in the option of the
Government. This being' so. it is urgec*.
as a further reason that the paymaster
general estimates that the Government
would be under the necessity of disburs
ing more than J7,000,0C>0 to those who come
within the terms of the bill."
Pensions : California— Original— Walter
C. Spann. Red Bluff. J6: John C. McCor
mick. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, 16;
Colin G. Strong. San Francisco, $10. In
crease—Charles Metzger, Soldiers' Home.
Los Angeles; $6 to SS.
Washington — Original — Franklin D.
Cook, North Yaklma, $6.'
REYNOLD'S
Ik l >f>r:rir.?d by
Gout or R heumatlsm. If on the ftmapproao!*
of the paroxysm they have recourse to thi* rem-
edy : then, a «iagle do?e Is often sufficient.
K. rOItEIU A CO., J8.30 S.l» llllam «.. %. X.
Washington's Birthday.
The memory of George Washington will
be honored by the local councils of the
Young Men's Institute on Thursday even
ing, the 22d inst., at Metropolitan Hall. A
very select programme has been prepared
which will include- an address by Hon'
Frank T. Shea. The board of manage
ment of the Institute, under -whose
auspices the exercises will be held, prom
ises to make this year's - celebration a
memorable one. Judge "W. P. Lawlor of
the Superior Court has kindly consented
to act as president of the e\*ening.
Run Over by a Train.
¦Wilder Muth. a hanger-on about the
Tanf aran racetrack, was run over and In
mntly killed last 'evening by an east
bound Southern Pacific train at the Spring
Valley siding, in San Mateo County. The
body, which was horribly mutilated, was
taken to the Morgue at Redwood- City.
Charles Porter, the engineer of the train,
was taken into custody at Third and
Townsend streets by Detective Harry
Reynolds and detained at the City Prison
to 'await the arrival of Sheriff Mansfield
of San Mateo County.
Muth boarded the train at Tanforan
Park and swung himself under the
brakes to ride as far as Ingleside, where
the. train was bound with a load of race
horses. At the siding the train grave a
sudden jerk and threw Muth from his
position on the brakes, costing him hia
fife.
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of 6torcs sell it, especially
druggists; oil sorts of people are
luisgit.
National Bobbery Condemned.
"A Survey of the Social Question" was
the topic for the regular weekly discus
sion of the Socialist Labor party at the
Academy of Sciences building last night.
A. H. Sanborn reviewed the progress of
the socialist movement and held out a
view of the future that was roseate In
the extreme for the ultimate success of
the party. He said that the invasion of
South Africa by the British and of the
Philippines by the Americans were alike
both unwarranted and were examples of
the un-American, doctrine that the stron
ger party was not bound to acknowledge
any rights that the weaker party might
have. The sentiments of the speaker
were loudly applauded and several short
speeches were made expressing the same
sentiment. »
NATIONAL UNION ENTERTAINS.
Larg-e Attendance and an Excellent
Programme of Varied Numbers.
Odd Fellows' Hall was crowded to its
utmost last night by ladies and gentle
men assembled to enjoy an excellent
programme given by the National Union
Social and Literary Club. The musical
programme was followed by dancing The
affair was under the direction of the fol
lowing named: Chairman of the evening
Dr. A. H. ; Mill berry; speaker of the
evening, James E. Field; reception com
mittee—A. J. Sparrow, E. H. Hills f
Bell. C. R. Overholtzer. K. B. Bowerman'
J. "W. Cannany, M. H. "Waseerwitz; floor
manager. N. C. Harris: floor committee
— G. A. HubbelL H. W. Maas. H. G.
Scovern. C. E. Torres, L. Vincent, \V. F.
Fobs.
WORKING TO SAVE
THE FOREST GIANTS
CONGRESSMAN' KAHN SENDS
ENCOTJBAGEMEST.
California Club TTrk Enlisted the
Support of the State Fed- ,
eration.
Some encouragement was received yes
terday by the ladles of the California
Club -who are interested tn preserving the
giant redwood fore?ts of the State. A
dispatch was received from Con^resman
Kahn Informing the club that the mat
ter had been brought to the attention of.
Congress and that the California delega
tion is taking particular interest In the
subject.
A set of resolutions ra* sed by the Cali
fornia Club was forwarded to Congress
and has been presented to that body.
The matter has been taken up by the
Federation of Clubs and now over thirty
clubs, representing IS.COO women, are
working to preserve the noble redwoods
from the mills of the men of commerce.
The capitalists who are anxious to pur
chase the remaining- forests from their
present owners are fa^t closing their
contracts and it was reported yesterday
that Robert Whlteside of Diiluth has
actually purchased the Calaveras big
tree grove, having obtained an option on
it for ninety days.
Last Monday a Joint resolution was in
troduced into Congress authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to enter Into ne
gotiations for the purchase of the red
wood forests of Calaveras County.
YOUNG DOCTORS
SENT UPON THEIR
CHOSEN CAREER
Hahnemann College
Commencement.
The eeveniecsth annual commencement
cf Haimema^ia College was held last even
ir_p at Golden Gate Hall, and twelve
young men and women stepped from the
stage .to l>egln the serious duties of phy«f
eiciane. They had studied four yt-axs to
earn the deprees which give them the
right to practice medicine, and a large
audience of friends ar.d relatives had gath
ered to wish them -well in their opening
careers. The event was significant aiso
In the fact that the graduating- class was
the first sent forth from the newly
equipped college at Maple and Sacramento
streets.
The iearx of the faculty. r>r. James W.
"Ward, called attention particularly to thi«
in his Introductory remarks. He declared
that the standard of the 'college Is trqua.l
to thax of any in the United States, and
a. natural pride was ftlt in the ability
ehowa by the young men and women vho
will now take tht-ir place in the world of
medicine.
lUv. L>r. Robert Mackenzie, who lol
lovod in an address, counseled the young
graduates to be ever ht-e<ifui of the gTave
duties which they have asjumed. Ik
urgtd them to be true to the oath which
they hod taken and to be t!reie«« Is the
endeavor to adorn the honored profession
of wiiicii (bey &re now members. In tiioir
relations with men ar.d women they wUt
occupy a most vital position, and to their
mental ability they must add a moral dig
nity which undtr any condition will be
unwavering.
Dr. E. K. Bryant, registrar of the 'ac
uity, in his rtir.arks to the graduatirg
class sj>cke upori similar lines. He con
gratulated the irembers upon the splen
did work which they had done as students
and accepted It a?= a promise of what they
will do as graduates and prax-f.tlunere.
The Fpf>aker dwelt particularly upon the
incidents which cGtnMne to make a phy
eician's life, and he urged his hearers
upon the Ptape to be ever ready. willing:
and able to arswer to th« call oi duty.
!In awarding the diplomas Dr. George H.
Palmer made a few remarks, and then Dr.
Ward oonferr«?d upon C. F". Oail a valu
able priK- for having, of ell the members
of the graduating class, attained the h!ch
e«t degree of scholarship. Miss Mac
Palnwr of the junior class was aj&o
awarded a prize.
The rrcjrramme of exercises was, in full,
as follows: \ , f
March "Alumni" <C. F. Van Baar); snvo
cattan. Rev. J. O. Lincoln of San Mat«K>; intro
ductory words. Janes W. Ward. M. D.. dean
of tfa* faculty; ra\ - otte. "Hearts and Flowers"
<T»:ani): address. Rev. Robert Mackenzie: p*
lectlun, "The Ilur^way Girt" <i!onc£ton): re
marks'to the Eraduatinp class. E. R. Bryant,
51. IX. registrar; wsJtr. "The Idol's Eye" •Vic
tor Hwtrfrt); awariinr of diploma*. George It
Palmar. M. IX. presider.t board of directors;
vtrtia fol>, "Eletie" (H. W. Ercst). Hother
V.'it-nar. Introduction by L^uis Spohr; awarding
of crtse». Dean Ward; reedier. "A M«-ry-ro
round" <Beyer): beTiedictioo, R«>v. J. O. I-.ln
ctAn; Kirch, "Tlw Elnglsf Girl" (Victor Her-
The member* of the graduating class
are as follows:
Lyna Hest Case, Banta Monica. Cal.: Har-
BUILDING FIRM
CANNOT SATISFY
HEAVY DEMANDS
Failure of Marcuse &
Remmel.
Because of its inability to meet a claim
of J27.0C3 owing to the Puget Sound Lum
ber Company the real estate and building
firm of Marcuse & Remmel ol Alameda
and this city filed a petition in insol
vency and were adjudged bankrupts yes
terday by Judge J. J. de Haven. The
total liabilities of the firm are 5330,743, of
which $133.500 Is secured by property
scheduled as being worth $157,893, the re
maining $COS 51 being unsecured.
The members of the firm also filed in
dividual petitions and each -was adjuJg-ed
a bankrupt. Felix Marcuse owes J27.C20,
all of which except $370 Is secured. His
assets are set down at $53,721, of which
$4070 is claimed to be exempt.
The petition of Julius A. Remmel shows
that all his debts, amounting- to $6410,. are
secured and that his assets are $11,700,
with property valued at J3550 exempt
from execution.
The proceedingß were not a. surprise, as
a month ago it was known that the Puget
Sound Lumber Company had demanded a
settlement and that Marcuse & Remmel
were unable to meet their obligations The
lumber company held a trust deed to
r.early forty pieces of property as security
for their debt, and as ' they had waited
two years for their money they decided
to sell the property and realize on their
security. The sale was set for noon yes
terday, and the insolvent firm, in order
to prevent their securities going- at "a sac
rifice, filed their petitions. The -sale was
held but all the property was bought in
by the Puset Sound Lumber Company,
thus leaving everything, so far as titles
are concerned, in exactly the same condi
tion as before.
The dullness of the realty market in Ala
meda and San Francisco is said to be the
cause of the failure. The Insolvent firm
was engaged for twelve years In building
houses on the installment .plan, and all
the assets are dec-lared to be. good, nl
though they cannot be realized upon for
periods -ranging from one to ten years.
The firm has built 535 bouses durinsj Its
existence and on most of these there is
something owing, although nearly all of
their patrons are keeping their contracts.
Attorney Naphtaly says nobody can lose
one cent, but there will have to be a goo.l
deal of waltinp on the part of creditors.
-With the exception of the. Puget Sound
Lumber Company the average cla.im is
about $3000, each representing the price
of a house and lot. There are also a num
ber of unsecured claims, due to plumbers,
carpenters, newspapers and to holders of
small notes.
The principal creditors are: San Fran
cisco Savings Union, Alameda Savlnscs
Bank, the California. Encinal, Aetna, At
las, Commercial. National, Excelsior,
Humboldu Monarch and Safety bulldtn?
and loan associations, the Pacific Coast
Loan Association and several individuals
whose claims run from $3 to ? 300.
The assots of the firm are scheduled hs
follows: Real estate. 123.315; bills and
promissory notes, $10,436; debts due, *570i{;
stocks. $1400; property In reversion, trusts,
etc.. JIOS.OCS: total. $156,276.
riet Lane Chamt*r!ain. Pan FVancis^rv. Cal. :
Clarence Francis Dail. Jinul, Cal.: M»mret
Ross Eva^s B. S.. Silver Cliff. Colo.: Thomas
Jefferson Evans Silver Cliff. Colo.: Ethel bert
Petrie Hoyle. London, Er.pland: Aupusta
Georgia Klenck. M. D., San Franci?n. Cal.:
Overend George Rose, London. England; John
William Shute. Seattle, Wash.; Coyle Joan
Tracy. A. M.. M. D.. Lo? Anffeles. Cal.: EJith
ilay 'Wells. San J.->?e. Cal.: Harold Loogreen
L;rei:tien, Cojwßimten. rvnrr.ark.
five seconds caused great alarm. There
was movement from southwest to north
east; accompanied by a rumbling noise.
The disturbance has not had an equal
since September, 1597. Many persons
rushed out of their homes into the street.
It is believed that no persons were in
jured. -
The worst freshet since IS9I occurred in
the river Rimac and caused much dam
age on the outskirts of this city and near
Piedralisa. Martlnele and CantagalK The
authorities have set fifty laborers at work
to avoid further Inundations.
MOTHER FINDS THE
BODY OF HER CHILD
Agnes Ahem, Fifteen Months Old,
Drotroed in a Lagoon at
Tiburon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TIBURON. Feb. 15.— Face downward In
the black slime left by the retrea.ting tide,
the body of 15-month-old Agnes Jane
Ahem lay in the lagoon here, white her
well nigh frantic mother searched the
town in vain for her lost baby. The child,
who is the daughter of Engineer James
Ahem of the California Northwestern
Railroad, wandered from home this morn
ing only to meet her death almost within
a stone's throw of her parents' house.
At 10:30 this morr.lng >lrs. Ahem discov
ered her baby's body. Th-e tide being iow
the mother dragged the lifeless form of
the child from the deep mud and carrying
it to the house summoned a physician.
L.ife was pronounced extinct.
An investigation of the infant's death
was made by Coroner Eden and a jury
this afternoon. After hearing the evidence
the jury returned a verdict of. accidental
death.
REPUBLICANS MEET TO
DISCUSS SUBSIDY BILL
Several Amendments Considered, In-
eluding One to Reduce the Term,
to Ten Years.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15. - The Repub
lican members of the House Committee
on Merchant Marine and Fisheries .held
a conference to-day with a view to se
curing co-operation on the shipping sub
sidy bill. The subject was discussed gen
erally and several amendments were ten
tatively put forward, including one for
reducing the term of the subsidy to ten
years and to eliminate from the opera
tions of the act old and unserviceable
vessels. No votes were taken, however,
and no agreement reached beyond the
understanding that the members would
meet from time to time to discuss ques
tions as they arose. The consideration
of the bill by the full committee, which
was to be besrun to-morrow, will go over
until Tuesday.
SETTLING WOLFSOHN CASE.
Mysterious Corpse Will Probably Be
Labeled "li. Reuter."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, 'Feb. 13.-What may
prove the final chapter in the .Wolfaohn
mystery will be enacted when Leon F.
Mosb, representing Public Administrator
Kellogg, will file an amended complaint
praying' that the name of -L. Reuter be
substituted In the probate proceedings
for that of Aaron V> olfsohn, the myster
iously insured young man who is or is
not dead. i
Public Administrator Kellogg finds he is
supposedly In • charpe of the estate of
Aaron Wolfsohn. deceased, with a life In
surance policy for JIO.OJO In his custody,
for which he has given no accounting.
His attorney, in recounting the facts in
the puzzling mystery, will officially admit
that Aaron Wolfsohn is not dead and
never died in Los Angeles County; that
the name of the unidentified suicide whose
remains were for some time supposed to
be those of WolfsohYi is L. Reuter. which
is the name the dead man left when his
body was discovered and buried by Mrs.
O'Neill of* San Francisco.
A copy of the papers will be served
upon Oscar Bamberger, attorney for
Aaron Wolfsohn's father, who will be
enabled to protect any rights that his
client might have in the question of
identity.
BETTER SERVICE PROMISED.
English Postoffice Methods Shortly
to Be Changed.
LONDON, Feb. 15.— Replying to a com
plaint in the House of Commons to-day
R. W. Hanbury. Financial Secretary to
the Treasury, in behalf of tae Postofflce,
promised the Liverpool and Manchester
cotton merchants a revision of the Post
offlce regulations, to enable quicker tele
graphic communications with the United
States after business hours on this side
of the "Atlantic, but while business is still
twing transacted in New York.
Death of Mrs. Franck.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
S\N JOSE, Feb. 15.-Mrs. Caroline
Franck, wife of ex-State , Senator F. C.
Franck, died at her home in Santa Clara
this morning; A few days ago she was
stricken witn apoplexy and death resulted
from this. She was one of the best known
residents of this county and had been a
resident of Santa Clara for over a quarter
of a century- Mrs. Frar.ck was born In
Germany and was"G3 years old. Besides
ncr husband a grown son and daughter
survive her.
LITTLE by little, few by few. the
"stand bys" of the legitimate
stage are forsaking the drama
or the opera for the variety
boards. Miss Kathryn Osterman la
one of the latest stage favorites to
join the ranks of the higrh-saJaried
vaudeville players ax.d she comes to
the Orpheum r.ext week for a limited
stay.
make as fine an Impression here as
she has in New York In some of the
great comedy successes of the day.
Miss Osterman will Inaugurate her
engagement here with her new play
called "The Editor," which was spec
ially written for her. She has anoth
er brilliant little piece called "To
morrow at Twelve." The star will
come excellently supported and from
Miss Osterir.an is one of the hand
somest and most talented comedien
nes in this country and her presence
In the cast has brought success to
more than one Important production.
She has good lo^ks, a pleasing- per
sonality and preat ability tn her fa
vor. Her success thus far.ha.« been
euch as to encourage her to "make the
vaudeville houses her permanent
home. She is particularly well adapt
ed to the work tuid will no doubt
Ul account? the t>atrons of the Or
pheum will be Invited tq enjoy some
>f the most delightful comedy work
>e<?n here in many days.
This latest recruit to the ranks of
the vaudeville stars is by no means
jnknown among San FYanclsco thea
tergoers, and her appearance here
tvill afford many an opportunity for
which they have longed to see her
it her best. As long as the vaude
rille houses are able to secure such
attractions there is little danper of
:he!r losing, the favor of the public.
CAN BE HAD ONLY AT MY OFFICES
Those sold in drug stores are
cheap imitations, made to mis-
lead the public. If you are suf-
fering from any such disease as
Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sci-
atica. Varicocele, Lame Back,
Neuralgia, etc., call at my office
and get a
FREE TRIAL TREATMENT
Of my Dr. Sanden Electric Belt.
It cured over 8,000 weak and
puny men during 1899. Call to-
day or write for free book,
'Three Classes of Men," which
explains all. Consultation and
advice free. Office hours, 9to
8; Sundays, 10 to 1.
DR. T. A. SANDEN,
6 OTAMLL STREET, Saa FiaiCiSO, CaL;
11»*4 So. Spring St.. Loi Asselea. Cat: Ros»el
Building. Portland. Or.
KATHRYN OSTERMAN IN VAUDEVILLE.
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL,, FEIDAY, r FEBRUARY 16, 1900.
The Original
Dr. Sanden
Electric Belt
.5311381®!^ T3TTl]rprfDT?
py&&o|p liuf i urijj
WHEN wt «y "RUPTURE CCREIT w»
mean it. for tt U a fact that tbooaaods of core*
have been accomplished by £>r. Pierce' ¦ WorlJ-
wnewned ELECTRIC TRUSS darlaf tUs pan
tweaty-fIT» yean. There Is nothisf ci*» lft* it
on earth! It does the work! Have received ao
many letters and testimonial* Uiat we hardly
know what to do with them all. If reptarwi ia-
vntlrats at oac«. Oar price* are reasonable.
bat not cheap. Wa rnai# no discounts. "Dr.
Pierces * la THE tnua. and you canaot tM
happy tin yoa ret tt.
Toa can »et our "BOOSXET Xo. 1" for noti.
leg by eaUls* at tfc* c?Sc«. cr It will t« Mat to
you on receipt of a Z-cect stamp. It tells aa
abntrt this TRTTSS- Addrna
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
tZi Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
ES Tribune buil&nr. NEW YORK.
Madeleine Bruguiere.
I" The wheel world knows that
Cleveland Bicycles are the best"
1900 MODEL
CLEVELANDS
HIGHEST GBIDL
$40 and $50
LEAVITT & BILL,
309 LA R KIN ST.
2O San Pablo A-re.. Oakland.
Open Evenings.
Old Wheel* Taken in Exchange.
w*\ I*'* '"3 trtJ Q pfc bj\ *Hfc f]3
% & J ly EdJJ Bj B3i B Yfeff
5J _to ESS E> v Ejl * i cV
¦ ¦ I n DRa CSI Worn A ED B
Order Your Suit Now.
To delay rarans to pay
more mjney.
My special 30- Jay g^y
reduction enablss any . «fvd*
one to get a first-class - • B^J?
made-to- order sui: at
a very low pri:e. All ftyfS |\
garments guaranteed / \f l\
to fiL I I *' 1 \
Suitsfrora.....-312.50 BJ 1 » J
Overcoats from f 7'i w^
$15.00 L \
Pants from $4.00 PsJ
Samples sent free. * el'|
Jqe Poheim, .W
The Tailor, , t|
ino-ii \z Market St., «
201-203 Montgomery „>;•¦) *
Street. \->jJ
San Francisco.
\ Palace and :
\ Grand Hotels \
' ' Fcr nearly » Quarter of a centunr th« r
' > lea£los tot=-i» on the Paciac Coast. ?
1 ' With «dJe<3 improvements and con- ?
( i vfnlences li-ty continue to be the head- ?
« carters tor tourists and travelers vis- »
itinr San Francisco. »
t JOHN C KIRKPATTUCK. it
f Manager. »
\JP favorite
H FOR WEAK WO MEM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARE ISLAND CHANGES.
Captain Mead "Will Believe Captain.
Reiter on the Philadelphia.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 15.— Captain Wil
liam W. Mead has be-?n detached from
duty as captain of the navy yard, Mare
Island. California, and ordered to com
•mand the flagship Philadelphia, relieving
Captain George C. Reiter, who Is ordered
to duty as general inspector of the battle
ship Wisconsin, buildintr at the Union
Iron Works, San Francisco. Captain Wil
liam H. Whiting- has been ordered to duty !
as captain of the Mare Inland Navy Yard. I
SIGMUND STRAUS
ENDS HIS LIFE
Was a Pioneer Merchant
of San Jose.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 15.— Slfmund Strausi.
a pioneer merchant of this city, was found
dead in his room at 69^ South First street
this morning with a bullet hole la his
head. It was a case of suicide. Straus
had disrobed, lay down on the bed and
shot himself. In his clenched hand was
a 32-callber revolver. The bullet had en
tered his mouth and lodged in the brain
Straus was over 70 years of age and a
native of Bavaria. He had been a resi
dent of San Jose for over forty-flve years.
during- most of which time he conducted
a clothing store. He owned the building
in which he killed himself and' other
property and was worth about J75.000.
He lived alone and cooked for himself
He was very regular in his habits. This
mornins T. F. Sourisseau. a jeweler In
the building, noticed Straus had not
picked up the daily papers at his door
way- , u e began *"* Investigation with the
result that the suicide was discovered
frtraus was last seen alive yesterday
afternoon ar.d it is supposed he killed
himself eaTly in the evening. He had a
severe sickness about a year ago and it
It t^?. u Kht that a fear of a repetition of
the illness led to the act. Deceased had
never been married, but leaves a brother
and sister in Germany.
CONTRACTED
AILMENTS
PERMANENTLY
CORED-
PAY WHEN . :
YOU ARE WELL.
CONSULTATION
ALWAYS FREE.
OR. MEYERS & CO., 731 MARKET ST.
HOME CURES,
FREE BOOK
FOR MEN.
AT OFFICE ~
OR BY
£visst OR- JORDAN'S great//
{MUSEUM OF ANATOHW
\ .hT „?** L*»^«t Automical Museum in ** \
$ JSSIS DJI - jor wh-priyate oise*ess
Ifu lift _ w n««fc*Bo«k.rßlt«ao?*«*>» A
\ JI I *»niiucE. uaius wta. '.AW
A It IX valuable book to* m-n» / A
t J^J«BI>AN A CO.. 1061 M»rk«Bt.S. F. f
_KOTABY PUBLiC AJCD ATToBj£Y-AT-LAW.
*enth Floor. Room 1014. CUu»?preckel» Bide
« ' Telephone Browa«l-
4
: Golden Rewards of
| the Variety Staga
: Induce a Popular
; Favorite to Forsake*
: Legitimate Boards.'
' Latest Star to"Make the
; Change Will Soon De
; light San Franciscans
! at theOrpheum, Where
'. She Will Appear Next
: Week.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.SINGS OF "PINAFORE"
IN NATIVE SONS' HALL
Everything is In readiness for the pre
sentation of Gilbert and Sullivan's tune
ful opera "Pinafore" in Native Sons' Hall
this evening. The members of the Sacred
Heart' Parish Opera Club who are in the
cast have rehearsed their parts and feel
certain they will score as big a hit as they
did on their first presentation of the fa
vorite opera. A large number of tickets
have been disposed of, and It is certain
that the hall will be crowded. The per
formance is given for the benefit of the
parish of Novato. Marin County, of which
Father Byrne is the pastor.
Will Jacobs, who has the part of Cap
tain Corcoran, is a young singer of great
promise. He has a splendid barytone
voice and has for the past few yeara sung
In the Sacred Heart Ohurch choir. He is
but 20 years old and gives promise of scor
ing a success. As Captain Corcoran Mr.
Jacobs will be heard in a number of pop
ular selections.
Miss Miriam Sydney Smith, a dainty lit
tle girl, will dance the sailor's hornpipe
on board the Pinafore.
It must have been an Englishman who
.BAld, "H« wb-o laughs last lauchs best."
4. *-H- 1- H":"H~H-X"I-H"I"l"I":' I-K-I- ¦H-'H-H-X-l"!":"!"!-!-!-!- ¦!¦¦! II- M-M-I-M-* ¦M-M.-M-M-I-X.-H.-M .; ..;¦¦: ¦; ; :„;.,;¦.;¦ ¦ : .. 1 .. 1 .;.. r .. 1 .. 1 ..T, ; r ; , ; ;..|,.t, ?¦ .;..;, : ;;;;;; IllH .
CALLED BACK! §§p\x $g| I
I Restored to Health and Vigor. Wsß& !
•• "One could not lmagln* the elese of sufferinc I passed thro' from stomachr "I am a different woman from what I was before I used Dr. McLau«h!ln'» /(/ F I \^VvfriK \ X
M trouble -and rheumatism. As a last resort I tried Drl McLaußhlln's Electric fjf^ ihTSIl 1 ha/d Me' J«t what I needed. lam thankful for the wonder- J { QWjyk \?
** Delt. In three days I could fling away my cane and In a few weeks was a new ' c MRS w r SAUNDERS N\ Ontario, Los Angeles County. I \ \rtJ&V J&jK \*
J man. entirely curpil. and fefl better than for yrars. A thousand dollars would January 10, 1900. " J \ \\>is*p /fv/' /
X not buy my Belt If I could not Ret another. 1 " "I have not been so well and free from pain for S years as I have since II ,1 1 IM\X<'!!,JK'TM' /*T
JOHN B. GUAY, Tomales, Marin County, Cal. uslns Dr. McLaughlln's Belt." MRS. SAMUEL. BRECK. If 1 i \&"g&&] /••
\\ February 8, 1900. ¦: 2003 Summit St., Oakland, Cal. LI jl A^N^STOyy / "
:; Such Recoveries Show the Curative Power of my fii§iN^r§sr ••
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. f^B »
Woman's system is prone to pains and weakness; often her life is a burden! Nearly every man, also, is a victim of some ail- K^" B**^8 **^ 01 fefl !>
• •ment. The responsibilities of life, the friction of business, the excitement of social gatherings, all carry with them mind tension and 7^. A/Ji h&K '•'•
I! bodily fatigue which wear down the strength and encourage disease. Do you suffer PAIN in the BACK, RHEUMATISM, KID- l^^S/l fi $SE!a II
** NEY TROUBLE or any NERVO-VITAL weakness? I can cure you. My electric appliance is a new and natural cure. It is better /^tfJSr /// ;»f*l
I! than the surgeon's knife or drastic drug. It feeds your nerves with vitality; your sleep is restful; you enjoy life and have fewer jj^^ fj j ? pSf II
1 1 wrinkles on the brow. Don't suffer another day. I've cured thousands whose cases were similar to yours. ' '•« V» •*
jl CDFriAI M y electrodes are WARRANTED NOT TO BURN. My Belt is Half-Price to those tortured by old style burning belts. My illustrated Book is II
j. orL.VSrIL» free. Send for it or call and consult me and take a trial treatment- free. J.
•• rvn, »jf « t*m w h.tt^>U¥ ll^T 7 °2 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco, and f
II I1H: . IYI •A m /Vl Cla A I J 1 1 ri La IFN « BBrdick Block, Corner Spring and Second Strteta, Los Angeles. 31
1 JLr 1v • ii T m« *-*• I T lWlinuu *-m *-* * 1 -^ j Offlc<s hours _g to 8:3O p m . Sm / day * t wlow l0 j. never sold is drug stores.. .
t 4-h I-K-M'l 'I'll I 'Ill'I 1 1'l 1 1 I I il' I ¦!¦ 111 I I 1-t-i-l-1.l I \ I"M"W I-I-I"! I 1 !'¦!¦ I-H-I-I-lvl I-l-I"I"I"I--I--fr •: 111 I !¦ M- 1 lIMIII--111111111 I I I I I I I I ¦: I I I H-^
SOCIETY WILL
DON MASK AND
HOLD CARNIVAL
Mardi Gras Ball Is in
Preparation.
Prince Carnival and his court,' with the
aid of local society, will on the evening
of February 27 hold high* revel in the spa
cious and magnificently appointed rooms
of the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
Society will dance an-1 make merry at
the Mardl Gras bal masque, which will be
held on that evening, and a day later will
"don sackcloth and ashes" and for two
weeks observe the Lenten season.
Preparations for the ball are now under
way and the rooms of the Art Institute
are being converted into "hails of Justice,"
"courts of beauty," bowers and nooks by
artistic decorators. On the night of the
exclusive function the rooms will be alive
with color and lights. Captain Fletcher,
the institute's curator, is directing the
The Great Armless Painter.
-. ' 4
Xext Sunday's Call will eontsfn
an especially interesting irt^le
upon the late Charles FraArofa a
Felu. the armless Belgian painter. <
He was an artist of most remark- -<
able talent and painted master- <i
pieces with his feet where capa- 4
ble artists have failed with their 4
hands. Notice the splendid repro- 4
duction of his footcraft which -4
will be presented in The Call's 4
magazine section of February 13. -4
4
Klks.are to give an immense theater party
in honor of "Brother" T. Daniel Frawlev
at the California Theater to-night. They
have taken 20) seat 3 In the body of the
house and with their lady friends will give
"An Unconventional Honeymoon" a rous
ing send-off. After the performance Mr.
Frawley and the members of hla company
will be entertained, a." only the Elks know
how, at the lodge rooms on Sutter street.
GENERAL OTIS'
RECORD AS THE
CHIEF KNOCKER
Victories Gained by
Young Ignored.
NO MENTION IN HIS REPORTS
?
WHEATON, MacARTHTJR. AND
BATES ARE FAVORITES.
Vig-or and Unexpected Success of Ex
pedition Surprised the Otis
Coterie at Headquar
ters in Manila.
Reports drifting in from Manila through
various channels convince army officers
of high standing that Major-General Otis
has a hammer In hand for General Sam
uel B. M. Young. The -commanding offi
cer In the Philippines has already done
considerable knocking, but General
Young's friends and champions are now
apprised of his methods. When the true
story of the late vigorous campaign is
told the country will be informed of the
BARNET'S DEATH
DUE TO POISON
Brother's Lips at Last
Unsealed.
MOLiNEUX IS SUSPECTED
CASE AGAINST HIM MAY NEVER
BE TBIED.
Papers Were Prepared and in Event
cf Acquittal in Adams Case
Coraplaint Would Have
Been Filed.
?
NEW YORK. Feb. 13. - If Roland B.
Mollneux had escaped conviction for the
ir.urder of Mrs. Kate Adams he would
have been charged with responsibility for
the death of Henry C. Barnet. The e\l
der.ee for the prosecution on that accusa
tion had been prepared. Now that Molin
eux is to be sentenced to death to-day
(Friday) the reasons for the secrecy hith
erto maintained concerning it are no long
er held.
Edmund H. Barnet, whose lips have
been sealed elnce the death of his brother.
broke 6ilerce for the first time yester
cay ar.d revealed every circmetance with
in bis knowledge. He was a witness In
the poison trial just ended, but under the
rules of evlder.ee was unable to tell his
full story.
Barnet has consistently refueed to talk
on the subject from the time the sugges
tion was first made that his brother died
iroa mercurial poisoning sent to him by
bm. unknown enemy, and not from diph
theria, as Dr. Doug-las, the attending phy
sician, stated. He now makes startling
statements regarding his brother's death.
He eaid that in his opinion H. C. Bar
ret was poisoned and that his brother
¦was fully aware of the fact before his
«Jeath. He also described a woman who
attended the funeral and who he believed
also knew that his brother had been
poisor.ed.
Starting with his first knowledge of his
brother's illness Mr. Barnet eaid: "My
brother told me before his death that he
felt the need of something to aid digestion
jand he had received from an unknown
source a sample of a. medicine for such a
purpose that morning and he had taken a.
dose, and immediately upon swallowing
It had fallen to the floor vomiting. He
weakened all in a moment, he said, and
was barely able to crawl to the bell rope
in his room and summon assistance. He
said he was a fool to taJce the powder.
He said that It was the third one he had
received from an unknown source, and he
added that Dr. W. C. Phllipps. who was
called In. had taken a sample of the med
icine to see what It contained.
"Later, as the result of an interview
between Dr. Douglas and myself, the doc
tor said he went to my brother's room,
ajjd having made an examination of my
brother told him that he was suffering:
from two things — one a metallic poison
ard the other diphtheria. Dr. Douglas told
me that he haa given to my brother a
lull dozen of antl-toxln for diphtheria,
and an it had taken good effect he was
devoting his time to exterminating the
poison. He told me then that my brother
wa* salivated, which fhowed especially
on the gums, and that he would probably
low? some of his teeth. Dr. Douglas said
the poison was an Irritant and that my
brother had some ulcers In his stomach
fro-n It and that hi? heart was weak, also
a result of the poison. It was after this
interview with Dr. Douglas that I learned
the powder had been analyzed and found
to contain cyanide of mercury."
CORINTHIANS PROVE
ROYAL ENTERTAINERS
VAUDEVILLE SHOW DEAWS A
BIG AUDIENCE.
The vaudeville performance Riven by
the Corinthian Yacht Club at Native
Sons" Hall last night was a success and
the jolly yachtsmen demonstrated that
they are royal entertainers. Laughter
was the order of the nlpht and full well
was the order carried out by an audience
that Quite overtaxed the large audi
torium. The hall had been beautifully de
corated for the occasion with a profusion
of club flaps, burgeej and- signal codes,
&nd the effect was decidedly picturesque.
Handsome souvenir programmes were
distributed and contained engravings of
peveral yachts, beside a history of the
club's development by L. IJ. Chapman.
The honors of the evening were easily
with the skit entitled "Looney's Parisian
Ballet," though this does not detract
from the general excellence of the rest
.of the programme, which was replete
with clever numbers. Cathcart as Mrs.
Looney. Ryan as her husband, and Mc
laughlin as Mr. Krautzhammer, threw
tV audience in mild hysterics In their im
p-ijvlsed ballet. The amazon march dis
played the physical charms of Strauss
Crnvell, Ersklne, Brickell, Westerfleld
Fitiile. Thompson and Harrison, who
wer^ arrayed in' tights of marvelous mag
niflctice and wigs of all shades, that
qulteitransformed them Into beautiful
mald«is.
Osca\ Frank, besides singing two bary
tone sections, obliged with "The Bowery
Boy," k the typjeal clubhouse scene:
Frank "%. Thompson, Ben Tarbox and
Signor Atrnmotf. # ln stirring solos; Pete
Bloan. a\ Tiburon's "Infant Phenom";
"Billy" Inies, In a budget of songs, in
cluding "IRVant to Go To-morrow": se
lections by» double quartet— Coffin. Will
iams, Saga\ Tarbox, Parent, Gage, El
liott and Jbißaine: the two Finnles. in
pongs and dijees, and vocal numbers by
Miss Etta O'krlen and Miss Fannie Ryan
ttraiiilfcUiJ UU'yrgfcr.immflb
Elks to Entertain Frawley.
The members of San Francisco Lodge
No. 3, Benevolent and Protective Order of
LEGISLATURE THANKS
ALMIRA S. TOWNSEND
FORWARDS TO HER A COPY OF
ITS RESOLUTION.
Her Patriotism and Charity Recog
nized by the Senate and Assem
bly in Extraordinary
Session.
Mrs. Almira S. Townscnd, whop? many
klndnef-pes to the soldiers returned from
the scene of battle in the Philippines, and
whose manifested patriotism male her
name a byword in the camps of th% boys
In blue, has received, through Governor
Gage, a certified copy of a conciirent
resolution, passed February 6 by the dlate
Senate and Assembly, extending her\ a
vote of thanks for her loyalty and chtr
lty. The resolution reads*
Sennt> concurrent resolution No. J, re.U-\
Ore to a vote of thanks to Mrs. Almira '
S. Townwnd.
Whereas. Almira S. Town»en'l. a resident '
of Fan Francisco, Ftste of California, has
ehor.-n grrh\ liberality In the reception and
entertainment <>t the , First Itesiment of
California Volunteers. *nd the United
Plates volunteers from other States, upon
their return from tbe Philippine Islands in
I&SS, an* *iso for the care and attention to
the rick and wounded volunteer eoldlen;
therefore be it
Resolved, by the Senate, the Assemblr
concuriinir. that a vote of thanks be and Is
hereby tendered Mr*. Almira 8. Townrend
for the attention ehown and the kindness
displayed to our soldiers on their return
from the Ph!!irr>lne Islands, and the Gov
ernor of California be requested to forward
a copy of thin resolution to Mrs. Almira
!£. Towasend.
THOMAS FLINT JR..
Prwident (pro ttm.) of the Senate.
ALDEN ANDERSON,
Fpraker of the Assembly.
Attest: C. F. Curry. Secretary of State.
The resolution was placed in the hands
v of Governor Gage on February 9. and
through his instructions was mailed
to Mrs. Townsead by Private Secretary
\V. J. Foley.
Hotel Nymphia Cases.
Mary Russell, one of the inmates of
the Hdtel Nymphla, who was arrested in
the first of the recent raids by ex-Acting
Chief Biggy and was convicted by a jury
in Judge Cabanlss" court, appeared for
sentence yesterday afternoon. The Judga
sentenced her to pay a fine of JOO. with,
the alternative of ninety days In Jail.
Notice of appeal was given.
ets. and it is stated that the demand ex
ceeds that of previous years. Nearly all
the boxes, of which there are twenty-two,
have been sold. Amoner those who have
taken them are: Mrs. W. R. Lester,
John de Witt Allen. William Babcock.
George Whlttell, Joseph D. Grant. James
W; Byrne, Mrs. Clinton E. Worden, B. T.
Lacy. J. A. Donohoe. Leon Sloss, Mrs
Clarence M. Mann and Mrs. William Kohl.
The floor committee will consist of
Percy L. King. R, McKeo Duperu, Lieu
tenant T. U. Raymond. IT. S. A., Frank
B. King. George E. Hall, Latham Mc-
Mullln. Lieutenant J. P. Halnes. U. S. A..
Frederick A. Greenwood. Lieutenant
Emory Winshlp, U. S. N.; and Edgar D.
Peixotto.
The other committees are
Executive committee — Joseph D. Grant. Ed
ward Uosqul. W. H. Bourn. James W. Byrne.
Willis E. Davis. Henry Heyman. L. P. Latl
mer, Hon. James P. Phelan, Horace G. Platt,
Irving M. Scott. William Q. Stafford.
Committee on decoration— William G. Staf
ford. L. P. Latimer.
Committee on music — H«nry lleyman
Reception committee — William Alvord. "Will
lam Babcook. E. A. Brupuiere, Francis J.
Carolan. A. Chesebrouph, William 11. Crocker.
A. F. Mathews. Hon. Horace Davis. Rear Ad
miral Louis Kempff, V. S. N\ : M. H. d<? Toun?,
Louis Gerstle. William O. Irwln. Charles Josa
lyn. C. O. G. Miller. Dourlas TlMen. George
A. Newhall. Georpe A. Pope, Edgar F. Pres
ton. Major J. L. Rathbonc. General William
R. Phafter. U. S. A.: John D. Ppreckels. Joseph
S. Tobln. T. C. Van NfM. Raphael Welll. John
A. Stanton. J. B. Crockett. Mountford S. Wil
f»on. Russell J. Wilson. Frederick W. Zeile,
Louis Sloss Jr.. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Horace
Hill. Joseph A. Donohoe, Rudolph Spreckels,
George W. Grnnni**. Charles Bundschu.
efforts of the decorators, and under his
artistic eye the apartments are gradually
assuming brilliant features.
The gallery in the main building Is to be
called the "Hall of Justice." It will be
decorated in the carnival colors, red and
ytllow; festoons of masks and colored
escutcheons and various devices in the
way of Justice's cap, bells and truncheons.
A band will be situated in this room for
dancing, and It will alternate with an or
chestra In the main gallery. The "Court
of Beauty" room, which adjoins the "Hall
of Justice.," is being decorated In pale
yellow, ornamented with white and sil
ver. In an alcove In the north end will be
a statue of Venus of Milo, surrounded by
palms, ferns and colored lights. The walls
will be further decorated with artistic
tributes to beauty. Th» other rooms of
the main building will be decorated with
palms, colored lights and draperies.
The new Mary Frances Scarles art gal
lery, erected and presented to the insti
tute by Edward F. Searles, which is 100
feet lon's and 45 feet ¦wide, will be called
the "throne room." Its floor will be an
ideal one for dancing. It is built of se
lected maple and Is paid to be the finest
In the city. It will be in this room that
Prince Carnival will hold forth in su
preme power and will formally open the
ball. The walls will be hunK in white and
gold and decorated -with banners, shields
and other heraldic insignia appropriate to
the court of Prince' Carnival. The room
will be brilliantly lighted with eight
hundred sixteen-candle power electric
lights. As the gallery Is well ven
tilated the dancers will not be
Inconvenienced by the heat. At the south
end of the room a stage has been erected'
for boxes, and here also an orchestra of
eighteen pieces will discourse music
throughout the night.
There has been a large demand for tick-
Better bargains have never
/avMP/- * 51§*a been offered by the big store
\Y vJJft R for a single-day salem Quan-
tities are ample in every casern
Headquarters for Cape Nome and Klondike Supplies.
Reliable qualities of everything to eat, drink or wear at
money-saving prices.
Tomatoes, 4 - *si^
Tins for Zsc*
To-Day, Friday, Only. \h
To-day, and to-day only, we offer 1500 '&MgVz* V^ c^> V
tins Golden Rule Standard Tomatoes, J^^^^.^^^^^
packed especially for va, full 2Mb tins, \^^^^^J^^\
guaranteed this season's pack, at the^^^^& - -i^Jv^iiV
phenomenally low price of . . . jjfrf^jf^g/ ii *--
if ns i or
Grocery 'Department— (Main Floor, rear.
.
•
Castile Soap, Halt Price
To-Day, Friday, Only*
Another remarkable offering —
/^^^^gpp 1764 bars of real San Bernaldo
IfMSSiSS^Uc^S^I Italian Castile Soap, the large
j^^^^^^^^U^>. 2-lb bars; equal to any 25c
M*^^ soa P i n the market ; our price
s *l / for this day only &X**
U<*g^f-^^^gJ 2 bars for &OG
Sales Tall*- Center JlhU.
Tennis Flannel Skirts 25c*
To-Day, Friday, Only*
Ladies' Tennis Flannel Skirts with deep umbrella flounce, made of heavy Amoskeag
Tennis Flannel, regularly 50c each, on special sale to-day only 250
Babies* Sactjue?, pink or blue eiderdown, with embroidered crochet edge,
the price always 75c each, special to-day only sOc
Second Floor— V(ear Elevator.
Friday and Saturday Only.
Furniture and
Carpet Specials,
Music Cabinet, solid oak, with 4 shelves 12x17 inches, open front, regularly
$5, special for two days $2. 75
Ladios' Dressing Table, golden oak, birdseye maple or mahogany finish,
fitted with 12x18 inch French-plate mirror, has one drawer, handsomely finished,
highly polished, regularly $9, special for the two days $6*25
Enamcted Grib, made of heavy malleable iron, size 80x60 inches, complete
with mattress, regularly id, special for the two days if 6.75
Sideboard, solid golden oak, with 14x28 French-plate mirror — the sideboard
itself i 3 16 inches deep and 40 inches wide — regularly $15, special for the two
day 3 $11. 50
Oilcloth Remnants, all popular styles and a large assortment of patterns
to select from, the qualities that sell at 30c, 40c and 50c per yard, on special sale
to close 15c
Ant HituapeSr Persian and floral effects, sizes 3x3 and 3x3£ yards, regularly
50c per yard, special sale for two days .' 3 Jo
Tapestry Carpets, all-wool surface, neat designs, the regular 60c grade,
special, per yard 45c
Wilton Velvet Carnßts, elegant designs with borders to match, regularly
$1.1", special for the yard 82*6
Axmmstcr Gar pets, a high pile carpet, very rich and durable, regularly
$1.35 per yard, special $1.06
Crepon Plisses 9c Yard
To-Dqy, Friday, Only.
One of the be3t bargains ever offered by oar Dry Good 3 Depart-
ment — a fortunate purchase of Novelty Crepons. one of the latest
• productions in stylish wash fabrics; a hundred different pieces in.
dainty coloring— also black and evening shades fresh from the
Ioom3; an extra good value at 15c a yard — to-day «-»
only ; ZJC
"Bargain Tables- C^fain olisls. \
Men's ana Boys' Clothing
One-quarter off regular prices.
Any $20 Man's Suit In our stock '.
on special salo Friday &4EZ f\
and Saturday only at *??B%J Vv< ',
This offer covers our unexcelled assortment of ytJifiSsv '
staple suits at 20 and the choice of any of our /? xQ>\
new spring styles that have arrived. There are / ) ' \ \
single and doable breasted sacks and cutaway / J \ TjT/ <
frocks, in worsteds, plain or fancy, ca3simere3 and / / t-l sifeyK '
cheviots, in all colore and mixtures that are new \T^ I / W^*K \
and dependable. Every sait is guaranteed a full and V j J £j? •° \
satisfactory $20 worth. — — " /j\ ~vU > o uj
Any Boys' $5 2-pioco Suit In our \f i/it W » °<v '
stock special Friday <&<9 CZ l / \*\hr-; - h ',
and Saturday only at *p+9m £m 9 II l!± ¦y! T H"ft
Every one of the3e suitd i 3 guaranteed all-wool // jl Jj l\J ¦/'
and fast colora— they are the famous "Reciproc- I / .'/ II '
ity," built to wear and not to tear. There ara also I / / '
a dozen new spring styles, that have just arrived | I -j Mm
from New York. For the two days, one-quarter off } /jr^/^i*""*'
on any $5 suit. • ***JBT •
Second Aisle — Right of Entrance. "i
25c Metal Plaques 12c \
t To-Day, Friday, Only, \
V 1440 artistically designed decorated Metal \
£*& Plaques, 9 inches in diameter, with gold \
!g rims; a large assortment of subjects; \
jSj they look exactly like oil painting 3, and \
**.$ will make very pleasing home decorations — j
wjj on special sale to-day only fO*» '«
W .... 17CC 3
'Bargain Tables— CSlain Aisle. j
1 \
Saiftts aod Cloaks \
ip37*onthesl^ j
'%'%£*% The Best Garments Now. i
yy' $W Second week of the phenomenal j
¦y/^JO^^^ sale of Rosso ff & Co.'s stock of {
W\ tM ? season's fine Cloaks and 3
f I o"a I Tailor Dresses, at 37c on the i
I A A Si'OO. %
I'-W/M °°lX An a33ol***la 3301 *** 1 lot'Rosseff & Co.'s $12X0 to $13.00 Golf. \
V\W \ heavy and light! Piush and Cloth CapOS $7.45 J
\J*C « d A weight t/aclr-Ros3eff k Co.'s $5.0 J all-wool Pla'd )
\A " // rf\ els that were Skirts $2.25 •!
7 t^K ?5 to J25 for Rosseff & Co.'s $5.00 to $3.50 All' i
I I p^ $1t054.95 t Wool Skirts $2.95 >
/ Ros?eff & Co.V Rosseff & Co.'s $2.25 to $2.75 all-wool •!
$20 to $30! Waists.. SI.3Q *
Silk Lined Jackcts..sl2.oo Rosseff £ Co."* $2.75 to $4.00 wool \
Rosseff & Co.'s $18.00 to $25.' 0 all-woolj Tailor-Mr.do Waists -2
Tailor Dresses $10.00 $1.98 >
Rosseff & Co.'s $25.00 to $35.00 this sea- i Rosseff & Co.'s $2.50 to $3.50 Flan- *
son's Tailor Dresses. sls OO nclctto Wrappers. ..sl.4B \
An assorted lot of Rosseffs >8.50 toißosseff & Co.'s $2.50 to $4.50 fancy \
$25.00 Gapes $5.00 i Underskirts $1.50 >
The above arc only a few of the many rem.irk.ible money- \
saving opportunities that this sale offers. \
Second Floor. J
On Frco View,
O a» ntm to G p. ntm
The remarkable Indian painting. "TIIK
BUKNINIi AIIROW," continues to at-
tract much attention. School children who
are interested In the history of their coun-
try should i«e<» this BTeat picture. On free
view in .Exhibition Hall, second Hoor.
P. {poßadterfc tfcule Bazaar. %
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Catalogue for Spring and
Summer, 1900-
THE E3IPORIUM ECONOMIST— A
handsome, profusely Illustrated book of
more than mo pages, picturing, describing
and grlvlng the prices of everything to eat.
drink, wear or to use In your homes, id
almost ready. F«f> to out-of-town folks.
Send name and address to Mail Order De-
partment.
MOANING THAT LED TO
MISTAKE IN IDENTITY
JESSIE TOHHEST DID NOT KNOW
ERNEST THOMAS.
Mystery Cleared Up at the Receiving
Hospital by the Appearance
of the Real Party.
E. A. Thomas, who attempted suicide
Jr. Golden Gate Park Wednesday af
ternoon by firing a pistol shot into his
body, still lingers between life and death
£t the Receiving Hospital. The mystery
that surrounded his effort has been solved
and the two cases for the hospital physi
cians—that of Thomas ar.d that of Jessie
Torrcst of Stockton— are entirely separate
erd distinct.
When Jessie Forrest was brought into
the hospital Ehe was suffering from ex
cessive draughts of the sparkling wine
and her mental faculties were somewhat
clouded. Hearing Thomas moaning in the
adjacent ward, ehe Imagined It was the
voice of Ernest Severance, a man from
Stockton, with whom Jessie Forrest had
been associating. By a peculiar coinci
dence Thomas* and Severance's names
tre the same and they bear other com
mon personal marks, although they are
dissimilar in appearance,
t Jessie Forrest received a visit yester
day morning from the real man in the
case. He called upon her and passed an
hour In her company.
According to the statements of Jessie
Forrest, his name is Severance and he
Is a rancher near Stockton. She says he
has followed her around and she may
have to many him In order to be left
undisturbed.
Thomas is a married man, living at
2W Green street with his mother and
¦wife and child. He repeatedly told his
mother that then was no hope for him
Jn life, as the "demon drink" had "caught
hold of him with such a tight grip" that
there was "no chance to fight it off "
His wife was with him during the day
fitting by his bedside- and administering
to his wants.
When Severance vMted the hospital
Mrs. Thomas had some conversation with
him and Jessie Forrest, who, upon the
arrival of the right man. immediately dis
claimed any knowledge of Thomas.
GENERAL SAMUEL B. M. YOUNG.
fact that many brilliant achievements un
der the Immediate direction of General
Young were not mentioned in the official
reports of General Otis which were trans
mitted to headquarters in Washington,
D. C.
When Young went to Manila under
proper orders, Otis, of course, had to as
sign the- leader of cavalry to active duty.
When the campaign opened at the close
of the rainy season Young was assigned
to duty In Northwest Luzon. Perhaps
the notion was entertained at headquar
ters in Manila that Young with his bri
gade would disperse the insurgents In his
immediate front and then settle down to
take things quiet until further operations
were ordered. Much to the surprise of
Otis the aggressive Young not only dis
persed the enemy in his front, but pur
sued the flying Filipino* with a visor
that really astonished the natives. The
pursuit was continued as long as the men
and the horses of the brigade were able
to follow the enemy.
Several days after General Young
struck out to assail the insurgents in
their remote strongholds couriers came
back from the brigade to the nearest tele
frraph station with dispatchf-s announc
ng a series of brilliant and successful
engagements. In which the troops cap
tured towns, villages and many prisoners.
In reporting the various operations, Gen
eral Young mentioned the officers of his
command who had particularly distin
guished themselves for skill and success
In the pursuit of the enemy. General
Otis In due time wired to Washington ac
counts of the campaign in Northwest
Luzon -and mentioned the officers whose
achievements were noted In Young's dis
patches, but took especial care to sup
press or omit all reference to Young as
the leader of the expedition.
Stories told by recently returned army
officers and versions of the campaign giv
en in private letters from Manila do not
ascribe to General Otis any hostile motive
In Ignoring the work of General Young.
It Is said that Otis and Young are on
good terms, hut that the latter is not
one of the special favorites at headquar
ters In Manila. In the coterie of favorites
Generals Wheaton, MacArtbur and Bates
are conspicuous. Success in the field
gained by these officers or any one of
them is heralded in the official reports
as military achievements of great Impor
tance. 'W.hcn Young started out for ac
tive work In the field he knew the situa
tion at headquarters and surmised that
he would be restrained if he dlsplaved too
much energy, hence he moved with great
celerity to place himself beyond the reach
of restraining commands. No doubt this
scheme of strategy- baffled Otis and caus
ed him to punish Young by ignoring the
brigade commander In official mention of
the successful engagements.
Alaska. The widow confessed that she
had a nice home In Oakland and $400 In
the bank, and Holt was generous enough
to say that he curpd nothing for her
wealth, as he had plenty for both.
The marriage license was procured Sat
urday and on Sunday they were married
In the Howard Street Methodist Episco
pal Church. They engaged a room in the
Cosmopolitan Hotel and Monday Holt
had a quiet- talk with his bride. He said
that In the spring they would take a trip
to Dawson City and he would sell all
his mines and load her with diamonds.
Meantime he Intended to buy a grocery
and saloon on the southeast corner of
Eighth avenue and he wanted $200 cash
to clinch the bargain. He showed her
what purported to be a check for JlOOO,
and she hurried to Oakland and drew
tho money out of the bank. On her re
turn she handed the money to Holt and
he was "so pleased that he kissed her
three times."
Tuesday morning he told her to go to
Oakland and bring nor furniture and ef
fects to the city and take them to Eighth
avenue. She went to her home and had
all her belongings packed on drays to
bring over to the city, when she received
a message from Holt to wait till the fol
lowing day. as he had not completed ar
rangements. She unloaded the furniture
She came back to the city, but could
find no trace of her husband. She waited
till Wednesday morning, and as he did
not turn up she went out to Eighth ave
nue, but could find no trace of any gro
cery and saloon In the neighborhood
Mrs. Eichorst reluctantly came to the
conclusion that something was wrong
and she called at police headquarters,
where she told her story. Detectives Dil
lon and Crockett were detailed on the
ca.se and they soon decided that Holt
had fled after getting the $200. and that
his tales of wealth were nothing but
dreams. The duped wife may be pre
vailed upon to swear out a warrant for
her husband's arrest, but It Is doubtful,
and even if she did and he wan arrested
she could not testify against him.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1900.
WOOED, MARRIED
AND SWINDLED
IN FOUR DAYS
The Sad Tale of Mrs.
Minnie Eichorst.
LOST MONEY AND HUSBAND
. ?
MET HTM IN A MATHIMONLAX
BUREAU LAST FRIDAY.
They Were Wedded Sunday, on Tues
day He and the
Police Are Now Search
ing for Him.
Mrs. Minnie Eichorst. a widow living
In Oakland and about EO years of age.
was anxious to again enter the matri
monial state, and last Friday she met
Bert Rector Holt, a man about 45 years
of age, at a matrimonial bureau on Geary
street. Holt so fascinated the widow with
his tales of wealth that Bhe Instantly
surrendered her heart to him. He to)d
her that he owned considerable property
in Denver and large mining interests in
5
WILL JACOBS.
Photo by Bushnell."11 -jw do you suppose the horse feels
toward the automobile?"
"Well about the same way the mos-
quito feels toward the kissing bug."— De-
troit Free Press.
? ????? +.t ? .? ? ? ? ?'+ ? ?
? Just think of it— a tunnel
"*" connecting San Francisco with
+ Oakland! Trolley cars run-
"*" ninjf underneath the bay — a
"*" trip in fifteen minutes and for "*
+ 5 cents. Not only possible but "*"
"?"'probable. Bead about it in "*"
? next Sunday's Call. "?"
¦¥ ¦ ' +
? ??????¦?:-?•+.?? +"> + + ?
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-vestlbnled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passenger*.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, Montreal
and Toronto Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 62S Market street.
GAGE BELIEVES IN "ME"
A bon-mot going the rounds at the State
Capitol— Q. What is the difference between
Emperor Wilhelm and Governor Gage?
A. Emperor Wilhelm believes In "Me
und Gott." j Gage in "Me."— Sacramento
Bee.
Incompatibility.
"So your engagement is broken T'
"Yes; we couldn't agree. I like water-
melon cut in round slices and she always
cuts watermelon in long slices."— Chicago
Record.
PHELAN STANDS ACCUSED.
Stockton Independent.
Mayer James D. Phelan stands accused
before the public by Hon. "W. J. Biggy of
having abdicated a portion of his sworn,
duties as Mayor to one Andy Lawrence
of the San Francisco Examiner. Further
more. Mayor Phelan Is accused by Biggy
of deliberate falsehood in an official com
munication to the Police Commission. Mr.
Biguy will be believed by the public in
general and Mayor Phelan should be for
mally charged by the Grand Jury and
tried by the courts for misdemeanor In
office. The facts in the case are easily
ascertained, and it is time to put a stop
to such conspiracies as Phelan entered
into with Lawrence.
ROBERTS' VIEW OF WAR.
SINCE Lord Roberts has become the hope of the
British empire there has been an earncs # t at
tempt to form some sort of an estimate of his
military ideas. His career has been in India, where
his wars have been conducted against badly armed
and undisciplined foes, and hence it has been felt that
no just understanding of his tactical skill could be ob
tained from a study of what he did there. Those who
are trying to forecast his campaign against the Boers
have therefore been forced to seek information from
other sources than that of his past actions, and in
default of any comprehensive expression of his views
on the art of war have made a good deal of certain
speeches of the General upon military topics.
For one thing it is noted that years ago Roberts
had reached the conclusion that improvements in fire
arms have necessitated a radical change in battle
tactics. In an address before the Bengal Rifle Asso
ciation he said: "The more I study the question of
modern fire tactics and the latest inventions in
weapons of war the more I become convinced that
those troops who combine superior individual marks
manship with a sound and thoroughly well mastered
system of fire control and discipline will in future be
the victors whenever armies meet."
From that statement it is clear the field marshal is
not going to underrate the militaYy capabilities of the
Boers, for in no army is there a higher grade of indi
vidual marksmanship than in those the two South Afri
can republics have put intothefield. In other addresses,
however, it is noted that Roberts has laid more stress
upon the importance of discipline and military train
ing. than upon the ability to shoot straight. Thus he
is reported to have said in a speech at the Royal Ar
tillery camp at Secunderabad: "Intelligence must be
brought to bear upon the supervision of fire, and its
conduct must be regulated by method, otherwise, be
lieve me, your individual skill and gallantry, although
these may be as conspicuous as in the past, will,
nevertheless, fail to serve you effectually."
Up to this time the advantage of every battle in
the South African war has been. on the side of the
individual marksman. Safely intrenched amid the
rugged hills of the country, the Boers have been able
by reason of the excellence of their rapid firing and
far-reaching arms to overcome all the disciplined
numbers the British could bring against them. In
fact, their advantage has been so marked that unless
Roberts can devise some strategy sufficient to over
come it, it is plain the Boers will crush every army
Great Britain can send against them and hold their
independence in South Africa as securely as the S>yiss
have held theirs in Europe.
There is a chance that Roberts may yet prove the
correctness of his Secunderabad speech by demon-;
strating that the fire of a disciplined -army supervised
by intelligence can overcome the resistance of undis
ciplined marksmen, no matter how brave they may
be. That chance, however, will depend upon his
ability to draw, or force by maneuvering, the Boers
from their safe strongholds in the hills to fields where,
his disciplined masses can be used effectively. As the
fight has. been going thus) far,' however, the Boers
appear to have the superior intelligence as well as
the ', superior marksmanship oh their, side, and th»
world waits with keen interest to note how the field
marshal . will put his precepts into practice
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ELECTRIC LIGHT BULBS— F. W. 8..
Oakland, Cal. Electric light bulbs ara
colored at the time the glass la cast or
blown. If you desire to color white
bulbs fop a special occasion you can wash ¦
them with a solution of ordinary white
wash tinted to any desired shade.
TO REMOVE MOLES— Q. E. 8.. City.
The following Is given as a method for
the removal of moles, but as to Its merits
this department does not know anything:
"Croton oil under the form of pomade or
ointment, and potassio tartrate of anti
mony (tartar emetio under the form of
paste or plaster have each been success
fully employed for the removal of ordin
ary moles. The following Is the mode of
using the latter adopted by a French sur
geon: Take tartar emetic in impalpable
powder, 15 grains; soap plaster. 1 dram;
and beat to a paste. Apply the paste to
nearly a line In thickness, not more, ana
cover the whole with strips of gummed
paper. In four or five daya eruption or
suppuration will set in and in a few days
after, leave a very slight scar in place of
the mole. Croton oil ointment effects thor ¦
same, but less completely unless repeated,
by producing a postular eruption, which,
however, does not permanently mark th&
skin." Persons who desire to get rid of
such blemishes ought to consult a reput
able dermatologist, and not take chance
in using substances with which they are
not familiar.
WIDE-TIRE LAW.— A. F.. Occidental,
Cal. The wide-tire laW passed by the Leg
islature of 189T went Into effect on the Ist
of January. 1900. The law is as follows:
The width of tires for wheels upon wag
ons or other vehicles to he used upon
the public highways of the State of Cali
fornia shall be for the following styles of
wagons as follows:
Two and three-quarter Inch steel or
thimble-skein axle, lT»-inch tubular steel
or iron axle, not less than 3-lnch tire; l^j
lnch steel or iron axle. 2^i-inch tubular
or iron axle, not less "than 3^Hnch tire:
3-lnch steel or thimble-skein. l=v-lnch «teel
or Iron*. S^s-inch tubular steel or iron 2.^'^S'/'
rot less than 4-inch tire; Si-Inch steel or
thimble-skein. 1% or l"i steel or iron. 2**
tubular steel or iron axle, not less than
•m-inch'tire; 3^-inch fcteel or thimble
skein, 2-inch steel or iron axle, 273-inch2 7 3-inch tu
bular steel or iron axle, not less than s
inch tire; 35i-inch steel or thimble-sketn.
2 1 i-inch steel or Iron, 3 or 3*i inch tubular
steel or iron axle, not les3 than a^-inch
tire; 4-inch and larger steel or thimble
skein. 2^i-inch and larger steel or iron.
3*i-inch and larger tubular steel or iron,
axle, not less than 6-lnch tire.
Other styles of axles must have tire* of
the same width as those of equal carry-
Ing capacity above enumerated. All in
termediate axles must have tires of the
same width as the next larger size above
specified.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Viceroy."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
Ttvoli— "The IdoTe Bye."
Grand O»era-hous»— "Alladin Jr."
Alh&iabT-a— JefTnes-Sharke-y Contest Pictures.
California— "An Unconventional Honeymoon."
Alcatar— "Oh, Susannah."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudertlle every afternoon and
cvenlac.
Olyazpla. corner Mason and Ell.a utreets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Prize Masquerade, Saturday Xisht.
¦U'rftrrr. Turf Association— Races to-day.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
• .
NEW TORK. Feb. 15.— George "W. Lent*
of Los Angeles is at the Empire. Charles
"W. Wllloughby and E. D. Markham of
San Francisco are at the Savoy.
FRIDAY ...FEBRUARY 16, 1600
/cdress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, M^S^^
fIULICATIOS OFFICE. .MarUot find Third. S. I r .
Telephone .Main IMiS.
EDITORIAL R00M5... .217 to l!2l Sterenron St.
Telephone* Main 1874.
»<-ll*-«-r^d hi Ciirrlrrn. 15 C«it« Iff Wee-ic.
MtiKlo foplrn. T, Cent*.
Tern-.« by Mall. Inelndlnff I'oMncet
DAILY CAIAj llnolndlnc *>nnda>). one year. . £fi.O'»
DAILY <:AI.I. (InoluiKnc Sunday). <( montliß.. S.OO
OAII.V CALL. (Indndlnc »undnj >. 3 lnonfln.. 1 ..".<>
DULY CALL, Uy Slnijle- Month «X»«
MM>AV CALL One Vrnr l-"<»
Wi:i:ivLV CALL One Vcar 100
All iiootiuaKtrm tir* nnthorlred to receive
¦ al>R<*r!]ittoii«.
tavplr roplra will !»«• fumitrded itlumi rrunr»tfd
OAlv!.A\O OFFICE HIS Broadway
C GEORGE KHOGXrcsS.
Mnoiigcr Forelgrn Adverti^lnc 31ar<mette IlnJU
inß, Cblrairo.
MSW YORK COKItKSPO.VDEXTI
C. C CAULTOX Herald Sanare
CHICAGO NEWS STAXDSt
Mi.rmnn llon«p| I*. O. Sewn Co.; Grrat North
ern Hotel: I'ri-niont Ilonnes Auditorium Hotel.
>E\V YORK XEWS STAXDSt
Waldorf-Afttorla Hotel; A. lirrntano, 31 L'nlon
>(jnnrd ilarray Hill Hotel.
SKW YORK RKPUESEXTATIVEI
PEIinY IXKESS JR 2» Tribune Bnlldlnc
UASHIXGTOX CD. C.) OFFICE. . 'Wellington Hotel
J. V. EXGLISH. Correspondent.
En»\(ll OFFICES nUT MontKomerr- corner of
i lay. open until »:30 o'clock. 300 II«yei«.
open until 9-.:io o'clock. ti'M .McAllister, open
ttntll t):30 o'clock. <i 1.% Larkln. open until
!»t3O o'clock. 1941 Mlanlon. open t ntll H»
•••clock. IT^'il Market, corner Sixteenth, open
unKI U o'clock. Jtr.nl Valencia, open nntll 9
o'clock. IOU Eleventh, open until O o'clock.
\\V. corner Tvrenty-neconti and Kentucky,
open until O o'clock.
CO-OPERATION FOR REFORM.
ONE of the most interesting examples of the
success of the co-operation of individuals for
the purpose of municipal reform the record of
recent years affords is reported from Berkeley. In
that university city a number of earnest men and
v.omen undertook to bring about the closing of all
saloons. The question was submitted to the people
and a vote was given in favor of the reform, but the
Town Trustees declined to adopt it because the rev
enues derived from saloon licenses were regarded by
them as necessary to keep the income of the munici
pality equal to the expenditures. Promptly the re
formers went to work to overcome that objection,
and for doing so devised an expedient which is not
only novel and effective but is in the highest degree
commendable.
The town needed the $1800 a year of income from
saloon licenses, and the reformers resolved it should
be forthcoming. It was not their intention to reduce
the town government to parsimonious measures, nor
to run it into debt, nor to impose a heavier burden of
taxation upon their fellow citizens. There was, then,
but one way in which to achieve their object, and that
was by raising the money themselves and assuring the
town against loss. They set about the task with
businesslike sagacity and energy. Two prominent
business men of the town entered into a contract with
the Trustees to guarantee the payment of the $1800
a year if the saloons were closed, and a committee of
men and women undertook to raise the sum by vol
untary contributions. They sent circulars stating the.
facts of the issue to temperance people and
to the parents of the university students
throughout the State, and, it is gratifying to
say, received generous responses. The first
quarterly installment of the sum was paid to the town
on January 10. and it is said there remains a balance
in the hands of the committee for the next payment.
A work of this kind merits a liberal support from
all who are interested in reform movements. The
men and women who are back "of it cannot be charged
with having only an idle interest in the issue, nor can
they be accused of lacking a common sense apprecia
tion of the financial needs of their town. They have
proven their zeal by undertaking to raise the licence
revenues at their own expense, and have accom
plished it in a way that will encourage similar efforts
elsewhere.
Thus far. then, the Berkeley experiment has been
one of marked success, and will be entitled to an hon
orable place in the annals of the community. With
the demonstration of the advantages which temper
ance laws confer upon university towns the whole
population of the place will unite in support of the
' reform. When that time comes there will be a univer
sal willingness on the part of the taxpayers to bear
the cost of maintaining their local administration
without the aid of saloon licenses, and voluntary con
tributions to the town funds will be no longer neces
sary. In the meantime the promoters of the reform
have gone the right way to work to educate their
neighbors on the. subject, without irritating them by
the imposition of increased taxes, and have proven
that in matters of reform as well as in business the
winning system is that of co-operative effort.
Opposed to Dark Streets.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs has . filed a protest with the
Board of Supervisors against the plan
of the Finance, Committee to shut off the
street, lights from March 1 until July 1.
In order to reduce the impending deficit
in the municipal funda. It. is claimed in
the protest that such action will depre
ciate the property interests in the resi
dence and outlying districts.
"If economy must be practiced." con
cludes the petition, "your Finance Conr
mittee, if it desires to save the city's
credit, should turn its attention to th»
extravagances in several of the munlcJ
jpal departments, notably the : Health and
The directing spirit? of the Market Street Railway
CotKpany seem to think that by sealing the mouths
of their employes they prevent the public from leam
inc of the disasters on their lines. The records of
the Receiving Hospital and of the Morgue are still
7't'Mic property. .
Mayor Phelan seems to think that Commissioner
Ncvhall still needs to be "defended" in the style
adopted by Esola. If the Mayor doubts that Commis
fioncr Newhall resented his Honor's prevarication he
ccii learn pometrijng: unpleasant by asking the COlll-
The crop of Carnegie free libraries is likely to be
a fhort one this year. The steel king has quarreled
with his partner, and dollars arc dollars now in the
Carncjjie coffers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
the ; food supplies warmth
ard strength ; without it the
tjigestion, the muscles, the
iierves and the brain are
weak, and general debility
follows. But fat is hard to di-
gest and is disliked by many.
supplies the fat in a form
pleasant to take and easy
to digest. It strengthens the
nerves and muscles, invig-
orates mind and body, and
builds up the entire system.
jsc. and fi.oo, all drurrists
SCOTT & BOWNE. ChemUu. New York.
ZANTE CURRANT DECISION.
Affects Only an Importation Made in
New York in 1896.
Further investigations by Custom-hnuso
officials into the matter of the decision by
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals in New York City apparently re
versing the principles laid down in re Wise
in IS9G in the Circuit Court in this city
show that the New York decision can
have no effect upon present Importations
of dried currants, whether they be Cram
the island of Zante or elsewhere. It ap
pears.that Congress, recognizing the prin
ciple laid down by Judge Morrow, that tho
term "Zante currants" was a commercial
name describing a certain product regard
less of the place of origin, amended the
tariff law in 1597 so that "currants, Zante
or . other," should be required ,to pay a
duty of 2 cents per pound. / . •
The New York decision was rendered
under the tariff act of 1834. as was Judge
Morrow's decision, and affects only an im
portation made in ISO 6 by the Hills Broth
ers Company of New York.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
The California. limited. Santa P« Route."
Connecting trains !?ave at 5 p. m. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line to
the East. Ticket office. KS Market street.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teethin* with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softena
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teethine or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothir.s Syrup. 23c a. bottle.
WHERE BURNS GOT IT.
The Los Angeles Times says: "Danny
was sure he had it, and, by gracious, he
got it— were de lady wore de brooch."
Likewise where the lady wears her bus
tle. — Los Angeles Mining Review.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> at Townsend'*.*
Special Information supplied daily to-
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main IJM2. •
IN ISLAM'S TEMPLE
STRANGERS ENTERED
BIG CELEBRATION IN GOLDEN
GATE HALL LAST NIGHT.
Many Who Wished to Learn of Ori
ental Customs Crossed the
Salt-Covered Sill.
There was a large gathering of illus-
trious nobles of the temple known as Is
lam in Golden Gate Hall Wednesday night
to witness the ceremonies attendant upon
the celebration in memory of Haflz Mo
hammed Shean ed Deen, whose lyric
poems have been praised for purity of
style and excellent harmony, and of the
feast of Eedool-Azra, held in great ven
eration by all good Moslems.
As this is the Shawwal Hegira 1317, the
month in which all orthodox Moslems lay
salt on the doorstlls to keep out the evil
jlnnees, "this custom was observed with
all due solemnity, for there was pertur
bation in the temple when It was an
nounced that a number of strangers had
declared their intention of viewing the
mystic shrlr.e. These to the number' of
forty-three were after certain .exactions
and pledges permitted to pass through*
the outer portals ©f the temple, where
they were prepared for their journey over
the desert by the lively camel route to
reach the shrine at which they were to
worship. They were introduced into the
mysteries of the order in all the Oriental
splendor which marks the initiatory
work, and they took part in the proces
sion of the Kisweh and of the Mahmeel
and gained knowledge of the Sivain of
Al-Mootazllah. the &irk of the Owlad
Enau and of the Enaneevah Dervishes
and above all were gratified with a view
of the mirage of the .inverted fountain
of Zem Zem.
After the ceremonies, which were con
ducted und«r the immediate supervision
2, f i hat ,v5 reat ,? ro E het of Allah . Reuben
P. Hurlburt. the illustrious potentate of
the temple, the nobles sat down to a ban
quet, besides the supper there was mu
sic and short addresses by R. p Hurl
burt, C. L. Patton, Samuel M ' Short
ridge. W H. L. Barnes. W. E. Smith and
many others.
There were present:
R. P. Hurlburt. Charles L. Patton A w
Baldwin. George W. Wlttman. F. W TltuV
Thomas Morton. Charles L. Field ht
Graves, Henry Ascroft. H J. Burn* ri n
Mowbray. TV. Edwards. Abner wJSS" w &
Loveland. H. P . Kmory. George H Burnha^"
W. B Lawson. George B. McKee. S H VVaK
ner. George E. Ames, W. S Miller w I
Bailey. C. W. Taber. F. B. Schlndler W c
Campbell. 11. E. Matthews, J B McCutaih
Joseph Knowland. George E/ Goodman Jr
John Bennett. T. M. Mcf^ushHn Richard
Hendry C S Benedict. T. fTrnhan?: Ttad S!
Kent. F. t A. Carton. U J. Evans W H U
n ar S e3 Wrfi^ n T Tol } nln ,F en . 8. A. Mcfaonnell.
R. B. Friend, L. U. Orant. L. C Kerr F I
Hllmer, C. W. Decker R. j Van VorhleT
Joseph Black. D. E. Hayes. Burr Noble R. c
Emery. Robert Wleneke. P. n Bern hard
Thomas H. Browne. R. p. Williams r ' H
Vvever L. Osbcrne, A. T. Walker" Omer "tf
? U v&^ G wTi "• Dyer - C - s - * Vrl * h " -
i-.r,. gel< ? 7i' L1 PP ma ". M. G. Mobens. Jrin
\\HHams. MJ. Savage. Benjamin B. Dvn f u>.
James A. Wilson. J. K. Firth. J. A. M.ih.
G. E. Bacon. George R, Armstrong. Wiliara
S. Mores. E. E. Drake. W. N. Pearce V. T
Hamilton. P. T. Barclay. John Lee. E.'s* en
son. John I. Sabln. A. McKay. J. C -amp
bell. C. H. Evans. J. M. Younir. W ' looser
Jr.. V. A. Glocker; J. P. Fraser. C f Gor
man. George C. Pardee. H. P. DaltoV/W\ C.
Welch.- C. Hobson. EL Jones. J. R. prffcer. H
W. WeMphal. L. E. Spear. George E. Dow.
Robert Tragg. H. E. Holmes. H. Lr<». C. G
Kenyon. George Thompson. C. M Briedhoff.
William Thomas. W. G. Donney /. F. de
Guerre. E. . B. Carroll. R. L. Hab»™. James
McCrosjon. C. X. Newhaus. JJ«t/ Storm. P
R. Drtrjkhouse. H. M. Fnrman. T» N. Brunt.
Auto Kriegr, N. C. Hatch. Wallef C. Helling.
Jacob H.; NeftV Edwin W. Tuck/ D- K. Mc-
Pherson. J. C. Budd. Duncan Hatheson. W.
H. Williamson. F. S. Tenhoff JJ. J. Parker.
EDUCATION IN ART.
PROFESSOR HENRY T. ARDLEY of the
University of California has reprinted from the
"Proceedings of the National Educational As
sociation" his paper on "Art Instruction in the Uni
versity." and has thereby procured for it a wider cir
culation and a more general reading than it would
otherwise have had. The importance and the interest
of the subject justify the republication of the paper,
and should lead all who have authority in educa
tional matters to give it careful attention.
Professor Ardley maintains that whatever differ
ences of opinion may exist as to the kind of art work
best adapted to universities, the course of instruction
should be of an industrial and historical character.
He points out that all the great art epochs of the
world's history were industrial and decorative — not
pictorial — and goes on to say: "Their art was
adapted to use as well as beauty — to purpose, place,
and material, in stone, wood, metal, glass, clay, mo
saics, fabrics, etc. — thus lifting whole nations to a
higher plane of civilization and prosperity. Even
Raphael and Michael Angelo made designs for the
potters and the weavers, the silversmiths and carvers,
and the work of these- artist-artisans is so highly
prized that they are exhibited to-day in our great mu
seums and treasured in the palaces of kings. And the
study of the industrial arts teaches our young people
not to be ashamed of using their hands in producing
something. Is it not too true that to-day many of
our university graduates are educated away from all
industrial art pursuits, rather than to them? And yet
we are sending millions of dollars to Europe every
year to buy almost everything we use in that line,
even though the raw material lies at our very doors
awaiting development through a higher- education of
the hand and mind than the mechanic or the pictorial
artist can give, and our universities should be pre
pared to meet this important demand."
Passing from the consideration of art instruction
in the universities to that in the secondary schools, it
is explained that such instruction should embrace the
careful study of light and shade and linear perspective
in drawing from objects of strong, bold and graceful
outline, not in copying from the flat, where light and
shade and perspective arc ready-made. Of the kind of
art education now given in the schools the professor
says: "Too much of our school drawing is super
ficial, scattered and misleading, and young children
are led to believe that they can -draw, paint and de
sign when they can do no one of these correctly.
They are allowed to play with paint before they can
draw a place to put the paint, and to draw from
imagination before they can draw from the object
imagined. They are supposed to 'design' before they
can invent, and to adapt designs to art periods and
materials of which they know nothing. One pupil
from a high school told me that he could design
s4sined-glass windows, but I, found that he had no
idea of. the kind of glass or 'jewels' kept in stock,
how the window was 'leaded up.' or what 'scale*
should be used in the design; another said she could
make designs for wall-paper and carpets. I was very
much astonished, but upon investigation discovered
that she did not even know the limitations of either
the printing-press or the loom, or how many colors
she could use, or how they were blended in applica
tion."
The subject of art education is one of notable im
portance to California, for the culture of' our people
is sufficiently high to cause a wide demand for artistic
work, and their wealth is sufficient to pay for it;^but
we are lacking as yet in the skill to produce it. Thus
we import thousands of dollars' worth of artistic ob-
It is a dull day in San Francisco when the Market
Street Railway Company cannot be relied upon to
furnish a subject for the Receiving Hospital or th?
Mcrgue. Another collision has maimed and disfig
ured several of the company's patrons for life.
If Colonel Mendell continues to run counter as he
has done in the water inquiry to the ideas of the
Mayor, the aged engineer may find that his removal
is one of those incidents that his Honor considers
"beneficial to the public interest."
NO CHANCE FOR PHELAN.
Alameda Argus.
We may all reasonably conclude that
the political prospects of San Francisco's
Mayor, but yesterday the most promising
of those of any member of his party, have
pretty nearly gone a-glimmering. His ac
tion in removing a Police Commissioner
whom he had but Just appointed and his
whole unfortunate experience In the Chief
of Police matter have stirred up enmity
in his party that will surely disclose it
self whenever he makes effort for further
political honors. It is one of the open
secrets that the Mayor aspires to the ben
ate. He would stand a great chance with
a Democratic Legislature Installed at Sac
ramento and harmony in his party., But
both these conditions were put farther off
by the acrimonious deadlock over the
Chief of Police and the final breaking of
it in the manner that was pursued.
TERRITORY OF HAWAIL
rHE b-ll to erect a Territory of Hawaii is to be
considered not for its specific purpose but as
the first legislation proposing a policy for the
new island possessions of this country.
If it conform to the report which accompanies it, it
is ba:-ed on a fallacy. That report looks forward to
American laboring migration to the islands to take
tnc place 01 .-vsiatic coolie labor. No legislation
ba-ed upon that idea can be a success from the stand
point of the continued prosperity of the island?.
There are now 04,000 coolie laborers in Hawaii.
Their deportation is not provided for in the bill. It
<i<x-s provide, however, for free trade between the
islands and this country. Therelore the employers ot
that cooHe labor arc to enjoy the double benefit of
cheap Asiatic wages and free access to our markets in
competition with the products of high-priced Ameri
can Übor.
One of f.vo things must result, in the long run.
Either American wages must fall toward the Asiatic
sc^iic, or American labor must go idle entirely by the
displacement of its product.
There are now only 3000 Americans in Hawaii, in
a population of 130,000. There are some Englishmen.
uho do not expatriate themselves, and a small num
ber of Germans. Practicaiiv the government will be
in the hand« of the small American minority, and its
:;::n:bers will be increased only by such as resort
there not to labor, but for business, speculation, in
vestment and to seek official position. When a Ter
ritory i« created statehood becomes possible. Do our
people aish -uch an American State as will be crc
att-d oat ot the>e conditions.'
We believe firmly in the principle that no American
Slste should be attempted where an American labor
jr.g population cannot thrive and receive American
wajtcs. Such a population is the foundation of re
publican government. Because it could not exist in
:'-.t South whiie slavery was there, slavery was abol
jj-fced by a colossal sacrifice of money and life. If
we <>peu the way to tropical communities to become
State-, we .ire admitting that the major premise of
aboi'.f.on was wrong. If an American business popu
lation of 3000 in Hawaii can claim territorial invest
ment and the rij;ht to ultimate statehood, what
ar.su t c?.n we make to the demand of a similar mi
nority, by and by. in the Philippines and Porto Rico?
A« ahatever Congress does will be a precedenr,
£re:!t care should be taken in the first step.
Ap:in. it mu«t not be forgotten that whatever this
Con^esf does becomes party policy and enters into
the <ti>cu«Mor.s of the approaching campaign. Is it
wise :o take such z step in the dark? The free trade
and libor problems involved are distinctly threaten
ing. Why precipitate them? If Congress had acted
a? to any form of government for Hawaii at the last
scs-.-ion the case would be different. It should not be
fore' tten that the charge i« made that its action then
was ;.ostponcd by the objections of Senator Morgan.
What *ir.i<;tcr party purpose had that sordid partisan
in view by postponement? This is the time in which
trap- are set for the majority party. Its leaders should
be -A.iry. They at least should base no legislation on
the fiHacy of American labor in Hawaii, and should
not r.bandon at this critical time the Republican posi
tion and principle of protection to American labor.
AUCTION SALES.
l;y NY* Tork Auction Co. — Tuesday. FVbriiarr 20. at 11
o'clock. Government cuppli**?. at Jl6 Washington ttreet.
BRAHMS ADMIRABLE;
HOLMES INCOHERENT
<— jr— l HE programme of the third Sym
jr phony concert of the season, which
j[ took place yesterday afternoon, be
gan with Beethoven's "Coriolan"
overture, intimately characteristic of the
composer. This was followed by Harry
Holmes' "Fraternity" symphony, the
Brahms variations on a theme by Haydn
and Wagner's "Tannhauser" overture.
The variations were by far the most in.
teresting number of the afternoon and,
although read without the color, the in
sight, the purpose they are susceptible
oil they were not altogether robbed of
their intrinsic merit and proved very
agreeable.
The composition is distinguished by ex
quisite workmanship and a skillful man
agement of musical media, such as is pos
sessed and evinced only by genius. An
integrity of tone is preserved through
out, the voices tempering one another in
carrying the song. This is in marked con
trast to a dominatlve intruslveness of the
oboes in the Holmes composition.
I have already said that Mr. Holmes
displayed no great ability as a conductor,
and his reading of the "Tannhauser' over
ture again corroborates the statement. It
was given 'without the Wagnerian spirit
and the orchestra continually promised
a volume that it, never realized except
in the finale, when the brass choir comes
in tutta forza. The tempo was erratic
and was governed entirely by the band
instead of by the conductor, who did no
more than display a deep ignorance of
the score.
The "Fraternity" symphony Is superfi
cial, Incoherent and lacking in melodic in
vention. It has, however, form and tech
nique and in the last movement a sound
tonality that is agreeable.
PORTER GARNETT.
WILL WED IN
WASHINGTON
E. J. Ryan and Miss May
Malone to Be Married
on Tuesday.
E. J. Ryan, well known in this city but
now connected with the Government
printing- office in Washington, D. C, will
on the morning of Tuesday, February 27,
become a benedict.
The lady who is to make Mr. Ryan the
happiest of men is Miss May MaKine,
niece of Miss L. A. Cratty and a capital
city beauty and belle. —
The ceremony which is to make the
young couple one will be celebrated in St.
Patrick's Church, Washington, D. C.
Many invitations for the wedding have
been received in this city, where the
groom-to-be has hosts of friends. During
his residence here Mr. Ryan was veil
known in social circles, had an enviable
record as an' athlete and had carried orf
the championship honors in wrestling at
the Olympic Club.
Police departments. The purchase of
fancy furniture at exorbitant prices
should also be rebuked. Two police sta
tions are maintained at the park with
an average arrest of one per week at
each. Within a short distance of the park
is the O'Farrell street station, where four,
or live arrests are booked a month. Sta
tion keepers and rents eat up the tax
payers' money." .-•;, <•¦£••.'
THE DEBRIS COMMISSION'S REPORT.
BY the report of the Debris Commission encour
agement is given to the expectation that we
shall ere long see something in the way of per
manent work undertaken. to solve the problem of
hydraulic mining and the protection of. our rivers.
The report is conservative in its nature, for it pro
poses to make a thorough test of impounding dams
on the Yuba River before , entering upon similar
works elsewhere, but at the same time it provides for
making that, test in a comprehensive manner and not
in a scant, temporary and unsatisfactory way.
According to the summary of the report that comes
to us from Washington, the project of 1898, which
was founded upon the principle of the construction at
Narrows of a stone dam, is abandoned by the com
mission for the reason that the amount of debris that
could be restrained thereunder would not be com
mensurate -with the expenditure required to obtain
material results. The project of 1899 is the one ap
proved by the commission, chief of engineers and
Secretary of War. It consists of a series of dams
constituting restraining barriers and forming im
pounding reservoirs in and about and above and be
low De Guerre Point, to the extent of 2,000,000 acres
of settling basin, with lateral outlets, and in th
piesent project calculated to impound 50,000,000 cubic
yards of debris. The project likewise touches on the
confining of a portion of the Yuba River to a single
channel so as to avoid to a great'extent the flowing
down the Yuba River of existing debris.
The work outlined is confined to the Yuha River,
and the commission states that when its feasibility
and effectiveness have been demonstrated by the ex
perience of time the impounding of debris in other
localities can be undertaken. It is estimated the work
proposed will cost $800,000. There is now to the
credit of the commission $500,000, of which one-half
was contributed by California. The commission is
in doubt whether it has authority to use Federal
money for the purchase of tracts of land required for
the work, and has asked for authority to do so. Bills
are to be introduced in the Senate by Senator Per
kins and in the House by De Vries empowering the
Secretary of War to make the desired purchases out
of the money now available, for as there is to be no
river and harbor bill at this session it will be impos
sible to obtain the full amount of the sum the work
is estimated to cost until next winter.
It is not likely there will be much if any opposi
tion to the recommendations of the commission. We
are therefore in sight at last of the beginning of per
manent works in the solution of this problem so im
portant to the State. Thus there is another bright
prospect prosperity before us, for there can be no
doubt that the settlement of the debris question will
prove immensely beneficial to the mining counties
and the valleys, and indirectly to the welfare of all.
Already rumors have been put into circulation that
Lieutenant Esola, alias Harrington, is a candidate for
the 'office of captain of police. The same reasons
that prevented his election as Chief of Police appeal
with as much force against his selection as captain.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. J. Hall of Sacramento Is at the Cali
fornia.
A. C. McLaughlln is registered at the
Lick from Yuba City.
Jessie D. Carr, the Salinas capitalist, is
a guest at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Churchill of Napa
are staying at the Palace.
H. E. Henry of Dallas, Tex.. Is among
the arrivals of yesterday at the Lick.
R. E. Jack, the San Luis Obispo banker.
Is at the Palace, where he arrived yes
terday.
W. H. Soderberg\ a mine owner of Sac
ramento, is among the recent arrivals
at the Grand.
- Surveyor-General M. J. TVrlgrht has
come down from Sacramento and is a
guest at the Grand.
Dr. R. A. Anderson, U. S. A., is at the
Occidental, where he arrived yesterday
from Coldwater, Miss.
E. Durand. one of the leading mer
chants of Chicago, is among the- recent
arrivals at the Palace.
E. Garrett. a well-known mining man
of Seattle, is at the Palace while on a
short business trip to this city.
E. T. Judd and L. D. Flck, prominent
Insurance men of Hartford, Conn., ara
staying for a few days at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. C. Brant of Van
couver are In the city for a few flays oa
pleasure bent. They will soon leava for
New Orleans to attend the meeting of
the National Editorial Association.
jccts which might be better produced at home. What
ever tends to stimulate education in that direction is
therefore beneficial, and whether there be a general
agreement with all of Professor Ardley's conclusions
or not, he has at least' rendered service of a high value
in urging the issue upon the attention of those who
have in charge the education of the State.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1900.
W E Smith. 11. R- Hjrmer. SW B. Barlean,
W. Konold. J. D. Ryan. A. C. Butler. Ralph
W. Sehoenfeld. it H. Starr. J. Abrahams,
n, nrw f veal Thormaa H. Nichols. J. F\
gogan! J.lirn«on. J. S. Pott. TV C Good.
J M. Curtis. 3. D. Mayer. J. J. Smith H.
r Ott J S. Abrama. H- B. Moor*. G. \\. Ben
wttT J. D Maxell. X. D. Platt. R. F. Carr.
THE LION TAMER.
6CHUTES ANDJIOO.^rEr^nT 11
M*JOU MIT: P-ITK N'ELTA and PICKAN-
NINY- nUAMTHE XjE, CLAIItE SLOAN; PAUL
*L\ CUOIX: feoUGE DYRD: VOLKYRA and
NEW MOVINI PICTUIIEi;.
TOMORROW NIGHT,
CAKE-WALKING CONTEST.
EAN JOSEVS. SAN FRANCISCO.
Phone ix E«at3-PARK 2i
\
The Great Kentucky Political
Feud.
You have undoubtedly been fol-
lowing with interest the daily ac-
counts of the political situation In
Kentucky, prior and subsequent to
the assassination of Senator Wil-
liam Goebel. Next Sunday's Call
will contain an interesting pen pic-
ture of the life and character of
this remarkable man.
tTHE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING AT S:IS.
MAT! Ef : DASLV • T 2:15.
Thousands Unable to Gain Admission at Every
THE R3AL
JEFFRIES-SHARKEY
CONTENT PICTUVES.
CAUTION— The public Is warned against buy-
Ing ticket* from speculators. Secure seats only
at box-olflce of this theater.
Special reservations made for visitors frcm
out-of-town points.
Matlne*. ISr and EOc; Children. 15c. Even-
ing* (re.«erv*<l). 15c. 2^c, Sic, £0c and 75c
AKTTSZKENTS.
DAGUERRE
sacrificed too much to the matter of fold
ing into small space. In selecting the first
camera it is a good plan to consult soma
friend of experience.
The Plate.
There are a, number of different makes
of dry plates on the market, any of which
with proper handling wtll Tleld good re
sults, and the best course for a beginner
is to select one brand and stick to It until
the working of it is thoroughly under-
S Mo«"t plates are made la three grades
of speed, usually termed slow, medium
and fast or Instantaneous. The beginner
should chose the slow or medium speed
plate for his first work, which la nearly
always an outdoor picture, as the medium
plates admit of considerably more latitude
In exposure than the fast plate and are
besides easier to develop, or to control la
development- „ .
The great percentage of failures at tn»
commencement of the amateur photog
rapher's career is due to overexposue.
With the fast plate overexposure of a few
seconds only is fatal (without the experi
ence of a veteran to control it), while wita
the slow plate It Is not nearly so serious
a matter. The beginner will find that he
will waste plates enough In bis early ef
forts with the medium plate, without
squaring the number by the usa of fast
ones.
Note— Photographic lenses wtll be the
subject of the gtudy for next week.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring Term, 1900.
Mondays— American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Becent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays-
Golden Ages of literature.
Friday— Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses -will continue until
June 7, 1900. Examinations will be
held at their close as a basis for the
granting of certificates.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton-
PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AAIATEURS.
I— INTRODUCTORY STUDY.
BY GEORGE W. GILSON.
It Is hardly necessary at this date, to
begin a series of articles of practical In-
struction to the amateur photographer
with the detailed history of the birth and
wonderful growth of this science. "We
shall, therefore, give but a brief history
of photography before proceeding to the
more instructive chapters.
The actual discovery of the darkening
or coloring effect of the sun's rays on
different substances was made 100
years ago, but the discovery of photog
raphy as we think of it and know It to
day Is said to have been made by Da
guerre In August of 1?39. He then gave
us— or, rather, the French Government,
which afterward gave it to the world—
the process by which a direct picture
could be taken by photography. This pro
cess was called the daguerreotyping pro
cess and is the old daguerreotype with
which most of us are familiar. While
the daguerreotype was a portrait or pic
ture by photography, and very beautiful
of its kind, still the process differed
greatly from that now in use. The re
sult was a positive, in place of a nega
tive, the picture being made direct on a
copper plate. Each picture was an orig
inal. If a person required six pictures six
sittings were necessary, and the time of
exposure differed from thirty to forty
minutes. With our rapid dry plates of
the present day, coated with their sen
sitive salts, the exposure Is but a frac
tion of a moment. To Daguerre alone
suit of nature at her best, and often un
consciously this means the development of
the artistic and better side of ones na
tu L^ p the bringing out of our generous,
nobler and higher qualities.
It needs but ore glance at the corarrer
cial side of the question to realize of wlut
immense importance photography la as &
factor of the world's commerce. Millions
of dollars are nnw Invested in mannfao
turing for the wants of camera user*,
giving employment to thousands of wat;e
earners. *I"he fact that a combination of
one branch only of this Industry was late
ly capitalized at $r>.OO»).t>» is suggestive of
Its magnitude, and Its growth is all th©
more wonderful when It is considered that
It is practically a young enterprise. Only
a few years ago a traveler, en tour, cam
era In hand, attracted attention. Now th©
camera Is considered an Indispensable ad
dition to the well-regulated tourist's kit.
This series of articles is intended an«i
written for the instruction of the begin
ner, and will necessarily be extremely ele
mentary at first, as It la supposed tr*at
students who start with us in this sriea
are only now considering the taking up of
photography and consequently have little
or no knowledge of Its mysteries. It ttUI
be our aim to dispel the seeming mystery
of using the sun as a pencil to draw beau
tiful pictures of nature and to teach prac
tically and step by step the necessary
knowledge for making pictures by pf.o
tography. Before an artist can paint bis
picture he must first have and thoroughly
understand the use of his brushes, colors,
canvas, etc.. and likewise before we make
photographs we must first have the neces
sary articles or tools with which tr> work.
Hence it is necessary and appropriate
that we first select the camera, the lens
and the plate upon which our picture is
to be.
And for our future success in picture
making we must thoroughly understar.-i
why our tools are necessary, -what part
each play 3 in the making of our picture,
and we must learn to handle them as In
telligently as the painter handles his
brush and colors or the sculptor his chisel
and mallet.
The Camera.
Of different styles of cameras there !a
no end. but for the present purpose they
may be divided Into two kinds, the har.a
camera and the stand or tripod camera.
A beginner us-ually has the sarnewhat
mistaken idea tbat the hand camera is th«
easier to handle, and in a way It is. but
it is not the easier for a beginner to make
good pictures with, and we are therefore
going to recommend our class to begin
with the tripod camera of a style that will
admit of focusing and of a size. say. for
pictures four irchfa by five inches, com
monly called in photographic parlance a
"four by five." The hand camera is a vc-y
po*pu!ar and extremely useful camera, anl
will be fully taken up later in this s?ri»3.
It Is not at all the object of these articles
to recommend the goods of any one manu
facturer over another, therefore the make
of camera to be selected will be left to
the student, with the advice to purchase
one of the standard rnake3 having a good
rectilinear len«. a shutter and a fairly
long-drawn bellows. It should also be or
the front focusing style, as focusing by
means of moving the front board (to
which the lens is fastened) is much nar.d
ier than by moving the back.
The front board spoken of above siiottM
be what is termed a sliding front, and tha
camera should also have a swing bari,
and the back should he reversible. Those
terms will be fully explained as they cotaa
up in future chapters.
One plate holder (holding two plates)
comes with each camera, and it wll! be
best to get two extra holder?, so that four
or six plates may be ready for use at
once. A pneumatic release shutter capa
ble of fast or flow exposures and of time
exposures should be a permanent part of
the lens. The tripod should be sufficiently
strong to be perfectly ritfid when In posi
tion and holding the camera. Some ara
made so as to fold into very small com
pass. Do not get one in which strength is
Division Ten, Hibernians.
To-morrow night Division No. 10,
Ancient Order of Hibernians, will cele
brate Its fifth anniversary by a soc;al in
Teutonic Hall. The committee of ar
rangements has decided that It shall he a
ladies' night, so that the families and lady
friends of members may enjoy the divis
ion's hospitality.
Police Court Grafters.
Frank Poalorl, who has been frequent-
Ing the police court 3 and, it is alleged,
representing himself as the Italian in
terpreter and able to "fix" cases, was ar
rested yesierday In the Larkln-street cor
ridor by Policeman Ralnsbury and book
ed at the City Prison on a charge of
vagrancy. There are a few others whose
actions around the courts - are being:
watched by the police.
Friedman Contest Dismissed
On motion of counsel for the plaintiff
the contest to the will o* the late Julius
Friedman, Instituted a ftw weeks i ago by
I. Friedman of Oregon, en alleged cousin
of the feceaaed millionaire, was dismissed
without prejudice yesterday. The natura
of the dismissal cf the contes: does not
preclude Mr. Friedman rr-jm renewing
his contest at any time, and the cause of
his action is occasioning some speculation.
Mrs. Foote's Remains on the Coptic.
The remains of Mrs. "W. W. Foote came
over from China on the Coptic. Mr. Foote
and a number of his friends went out on
a tup to meet the mall steamer, but were
refused permission to board. Should the
quarantine be raised to-day the remains
of Mrs Foote will be put aboard a tug
and taken direct to Oakland, where a spe-
cial train will take them to the family res-
idence.
838-832-834 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
AarosEMEirrs.
SO MANY REQUESTS.
THIS AFTERNOON AT I3S
SPECIAL PERFOP.MANCE OF
MADAME SANS GENE.
LvA.PT THREE PERFORMANCES OF THE
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
AKUNGQNVENTIONALHONEYMOON
P.EMEMBER SUNDAY AFTERNOON NEXT.
Firet Time in Fan Franrisco — The Very
Funniest of Comedies.
•'WHO IS WHO."
»-ygy AND ORIGINAL SPECIALTIES-?}
EVERY NIGHT (EXCEPT BUJf.) MAT. SAT.
— THE FAMOUS —
BOSTONIANS
In Victor Herbert* Latest Success.
"THE \/ICEROY."
Feb. 19 -List Week cf THE BGSTONIANS.
Monday and Thursday,
"THESERENADE"
Tuesday and Friday.
"THE VICEROY."
VTciaesday and Saturday Nlgrhts and Saturday
"ROBIN HOOD."
SEATS NOW READY.
EVERY ACT oIFtHE NEW BILL
A WINNER!
crSHMAN HOLCOMBE and CURTIS In the
Musical CcrsetJjr. "THE NE'.V TEACHER.'
MONROE & MACK; ROMALO BROTHERS:
BKETS aad DON; FRANK COFFIN: BLACK
BARTONS: MR. anl MRS. PERKINS-
FISHER; IRENE FRANKLIN : BIOGRAPIL
EAST WEEK OF
PAPIINTA.
P.e*erve<l «>aT*. Z'<: balccry. 10c; cpera chain
an 4 box meats. EOc.
Hi'Jr.eM "Wedn'^iay. Saturday and Sun>lay.
GRAND OPERMOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN S3S.
MATIN tE TO-MORROW.
THE CRY IS STILL THEY COME!
CROWDED NIGHTLY.
GREAT STCCESS OF THESECOND EDITION
Of the Mctt Glorious of All Extrara?anza«.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
r,r^i Rr &erved P*at la Orchestra at Saturday
Matinee, So.
Branch Ticket Office— Ecporiisa.
ALCAZAR_THEATER-
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-iIOP.IiOW AND SUNDAY.
7te Jolly farce ir<-m the Madison S<juar« The-
ater. New York, entitled.
W. Susannah
r !!ats?° 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c J
VkV* " THE PRODIGAL FATHER"
CRAND
PRIZE MASQUERADE
— OF THE
VEREIN EINTRACHT
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900.
ADMISSION, ONE DOLLAR
Eeserved Seats 50 cents extra.
* Loans to salaried men. No collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 14J Phelan bid. •
CELEBRATED ANTHONY DAY.
Pleasant Entertainment in Honor of
the Suffragist's Eightieth
Anniversary.
The eightieth anniversary of the birth
day of Miss Susan B. Anthony was fitting
ly celebrated last evening by the club that
bears the noble lady's name. Century
Club Hall . was chosen for the place of
celebration and was filled with not onl>
the Susan B. Anthony Club members but
all admirers of the noted suffragist.
An unusually fine programme, in which
music and speech-making were agreeably
mingled, preceded the social meeting of
the guests.
TALBOT.
tioned. Soon after, his death in 1577 pre
liminary steps were taken to restore, or
rather remodel, the chancel of Lacock
Church, Wiltshire, with which Fox Tal
bot was Intimately connected as lay rec
tor, and where many of his ancestors 11©
burled. The scheme lapsed for some
years, but latterly a local committee has
taken the matter In hand and a portion of
the requisite sum has been ral!«ed. White
the suitability of the suggested memorial
may prove productive of discussion. It
should be recollected that the Idea Is one
which would have been acceptable to Vox
Talbot himself, and photographers would
be honoring their craft If they provided
the funds for this or any other suitable
memorial In the centenary year of the
man who may most truly be called "the
father of photography."
There Is no fact or hobby, call It what
you will, that is at once so attractive and
instructive and that gives such lasting
f>leasure as does photography. It carries
19 followers afield, and while giving phys
ical exercise and mental pleasure ft gives
instruction of the best kind and it Induces
artistic conception and brings to the front
all th^ better qualities of our nature. It
is well said that one "who loves the green
trees, the pearly brook, the mossy bank,
the glad sunshine and the ever-changing
beauties of nature cannot be vicious."
The amateur photographer is ever In pur-
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FOURTH MEETING, Feb. 12 to 24, lncluslra
gls high-class running races every week
¦Jay. rain or chine, beginning at 1.10 p. m.
The Meal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
tror.i Ftep directly from the railroad cara Into
a eupfrb grand rtand. Klass-enclosed. where.
cArr. (ortabiy housed U> bad weather, they can
tXay an unobetrueffd view of the races.
Train* leave Third and Townstnd streets at
S-0. 1J:»O end i 1:33 a. m.. and 12:15. 12:32, 12:io
an<i\ 1:25 t'. ni.. returning immediately after
last Tace at 4:4. r . p. m. Keats' in rear cam re-
* ..•¦'. r ii '¦' r women and their escorts. No e:nok-
• nc. Valencia «tr*^t. 1» minutes later.
fS«Y'Mi and Way stations — Arrive at San
lirur.oit 11:45 i: m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:4 V- w.
HATIi- Pan Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn Sr.auJlng admleirioD to track. $1.25.
, W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. 11. CKEHN. Secretary *^'l Manager.
IN THE DIVORCE COURT.
Mrs. Price Pressing Her Suit— De-
crees Granted and Suits Filed.
The action for divorce instituted by
Mrs. Birdie Price against her husband,
A. G. Price, In which Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kln appeared as the star witness Wednes
day, was on again before Judge Dalnger
fleld yesterday. Nothing of importance
was develop<?d and a continuance was
taken until a week from Monday. De
crees of divorce have been granted Su
san Lindsay from Arvllle A. Lindsay for
desertion, Clara M. Lew against Robert
C. Lew for cruelty, Mary R. Bussey from
Arthur. Bussey for Intemperance and
James D.\ Hanson from liabel W. Han
son for intemperance. Suits for divorce
on the ground of desertion have been
filed by. Edwin N. Gagnon against ' Ella
Gagnon, Ethel Anderson against Lllburn
Anderson and Mary Murphy against John
J. Murphy.
PASSED A BOGUS CHECK.
The Preliminary Examination of Dr.
John H. Decker, Dentist,
Commenced.
The preliminary examination of Dr.
John H. Decker, dentist, on the felony
charge of passing a fictitious check *fcr
$40 signed "S. W. Leake" was begun be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday. The de
fendant had no attorney and the court
asked Attorney Caldwell to represent him.
John C. Currier, cashier of the Columbia
Bank, identified the check and testified
that no such person as S. W. Leako had
an account at the bank. He Identified
W A Sullivan, saloon-keeper, as the man
who presented the check for payment.
Sulltvan testified that he knew the de
fendant and had cashed the check fur
him. He took the check to the bank and
was told no such person had an account
there Decker had repaid him $30 and he
had no desire to prosecute him. In crosa
examination he said he had known Deckc
for "about a year. He could not say If the
signature "S. W. Leake" was fictitious.
At the request of the defendant's attor
ney a continuance was granted till Mon
day next. .;.'.-"'-.¦¦_ _1 :/ -
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"Boot tfon, Nothing's Safe i round Him "
FIFTH WEEK
Of the Enormous Triumph, the Comic Opera,
THE IDOL'S EYE.
Every Evening at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
And Fastness 1; Larger Thin her.
POPULAR PRICES - - X and 50 cents.
Telephone — Bu*h 9.
CHILDREN'S TRAINING SCHOOL.
Sisters of the Holy Family Inaugu
rate a New Work.
The Sisters of the Holy Family hay» ex
tended their work in this city. Recently
they purchased a piece of property" on
Sixth street, between Harrison and Ery
ant, which was dedicated Tuesday after
noon by Rev. Father J. J. Prendergast
\ icar General. Father Prendergast made
a short address In which he cSmmended
the missionary labors of the sisters, say
ing that they had devoted their lives v.
the amelioration of distress and the up
lifting of the sorrowing.
The sisters in their new institution will
have kindergarten classes for little people
and training classes for the older ones"
The Institution was dedicated under th*
title and patronage of the Holy Family"
It is the second building which the s £
ters have -secured for their work south of
Market street. A limited number of the
patrons of the work conducted by the
Holy Family Sisters were present.
A FORTUNATE BEGINNING.
The client In Portland, Oregon, who sent one
quarter, or $1 ticket No. 18.353. winning '2500 00,
for collection to one of the leading banks In
Pan Francisco, made a very good beginning for
the new year. The ticket of the January 25,
1500, drawing of the Lottery of- the Beneflcencia
Fubllca Company, City of Mexico, was pre
sented by the bank's messenger, Mr. John
Piper, who received the money for same.
The previous record of this company Is an
open book, and the prompt payment of prizes
Is acknowledged by all. The great popularity
of the Lottery of the Beneficencla Publlca Com
pany, City of MeJtlco, on this coast Is due to
the "fact that many of .the capital prizes have
been won here and were promptly paid.
All drawings of the above named Lottery
have tx-en hMd In publle, under the supervision
of the Federal officers of the Mexican Govern
ment, appointing Antonio Perez for the Treas
ury Department and Apollnar Castillo, Inter
venor. therefore assuring everybody of the hon
esty cf the old reliable Lottery of the Bene
neenela Publica Company. City of Mexico.
This Lottery Is the only one guaranteed by
the Mexican National Government, U. Bassettl
being President and Manager. •
WILL INSURE EMPLOYES.
Huntington's Grand Scheme to Make
Each Man His Own Bene
factor.
On the Ist of next month the Southern
Pacific Company will establish a relief
department. It will be placfcl under the
charge of A. F. Hess, i>.nd its object will
be to establish a fund out of which the
company's employes will be succored
when they are disabled bt-cause of illness,
accident or other cause or when they arts
entitled to compensation because of the
death of some relative or other beneficiary
named In their applications. In other
words, C. P. Huntington is to add insur
ance to the other business in which he is
engaged.
This relief fund from which the proposed
benefits are to flow will be formed by vol
untary contributions from employes In
come and profit derived from investment
°i ey Jn the fund and b >" the payment
of $36,000 per annum by the Southern Pa
cific Company.
The membership and contributions to
this new scheme will be voluntary with
those' who are already in the employ of
the company, but membership will be
compulsory for these who enter the em
ploy of the Southern Pacific after the Ist
of March.
JOSEPH NIEPCE.
is not due all the credit for the discov
ery of photography, for another French
man, by name Joseph Nicephore
Niepce. experimenting at the same time
as Daguerre. discovered many Interest-
Ing details that added to Daguerre's dis
covery very materially in the perfecting
of the process. Again, there are many
who stanchly claim that Fox Talbot was
the true originator of photography, and
consider that to him should be accorded
the title of the "father of photography."
a mantle so long worn by Daguerre.
Apropos of this Is the article lately pub
lished in an English journal, which speaks
of Talbot's claims as follows:
On February 11. 1500. exactly one hundred
years will have elapsed since the birth ot
William Henry Fox Talbot- To many pho
tographers h!s name la possibly unfamiliar:
by many more his contributions are, without
doubt, vaguely apprehended. No permawnt
recognition of them exista. and even the liter
ature of the craft of which he was the virtual
founder often misrepresents and underrates his
labor. The centenary of his btrth comes, there
fore, as a ttttlrs occasion on which to direct
the attention of the photographic world to the
part which Fox Talbot played In the evolution
of photography, ar.d his relations to his con
temporaries in these pregnant years of tne
third and fourth decades of this century.
The Inventors of the art science were
treading pretty closely en one another a
heels, but those who have studied the
early history of photography will acqui
esce in the opinion that even so far as
priority of publication is concerned Fox
Talbot is entitled to the premier place
among the fathers of photography. But
this is not his most Indisputable claim.
Talbot's process contained the possibilities
of indefinite modification. The multipli
cation of positive proofs from a negative
originated with him and has proved the
only practicable principle In photography
eveV 3ince.
For his share, too, in the development of
the sister art of photo-engraving Fox Tal
bot likewise deserves a full measure of
credit. He was one of the earliest pio
neers In that afterward fruitful field of
discover}- — the production of printing sur
faces by photographic means. He was
one of the first experimenters with bichro
mated gelatin and perfected and also
patented a process for the reproduction
of an intaglio plate to which he gave the
name '"photoglyphlc engraving."
This brief outline will serve to call to
mind the position of Fox Talbot in pho
tographic history, a position hitherto
scarcely recognized. In France a statue
of Joseph Nicephore Niepce stands In the
town of Chalons-sur-Saone. and the res
toration of the church of his native Bry
nur-Jlarr.e has been carried out as one
memorial to Daguerre. The only proposal
to perpetuate in any way the memory of
Henry Fox Talbot has curiously enough
taken the same form as that last men-
Ing the strictest kind of quarantine and
no one is allowed alongside the Coptic.
The steamer Caroline, that generally
transfers the steerage passengers and
their baggage from the Oriental steam
ers to the quarantine steamer, broke
down while she was in the Carquinez
Straits. Luckily there was nothing for
her to do and Captain Leale was able
to repair damages before his ship was
required.
Steward Eddy on the American ship
Shenandoah had a peculiar experience
last Monday night. Just as he was about
to retire two women closely veiled came
to him and asked that he scatter the
contents of an urn from the masthead of
the ship. Eddy consented to do the job
and going aloft scattered the ashes to
the four points of the compass. \ The wo
men below wept in concert while the
ceremony was being performed, and when
Eddy came back with the empty urn one
of them seized it and threw It into the
bay. The ashes were the remains of
Walter J. Blanchard, who died in Ala
meda on the Sth Inst.
Steward Eddy says the women came
from Alameda. One of them lost her hus
band last Thursday week and his dying
request was that he be cremated and his
ashes scattered to the four winds from
the truck of the largest American ship
afloat. The wishes of the dead man were
carried out. and all that remains to the
widow is a memory.
The steamer Robert Dollar is now on
her way to San Francisco with the larg
est cargo of lumber that has ever come
out of Grays Harbor in one bottom. Hith
erto 600.000 feet of lumber was considered
a big load for a vessel to take across
the bar, but the Dollar has crossed out
in safety with 1,00.",000 feet, much to the
surprise and delight of lumber men in
general.
George Smith, sailmaker on the British
ship' Barbermere. had a narrow escape
from death yesterday. He had a quarrel
with Charles White, the ship's cook, ard
the latter struck him over the let*, eye
with a cleaver. The wound, while serious,
was not dangerous, and after Dr. Arms-t
ed had dressed it at the Harbor Hospital
Smith was able to go back to his ship.
The transport Sherman will sail for
Manila Saturday at noon. Some of the
cleverest work ever seen on the front has
been done in the getting of this transport
ready for sea. Captain Bennett of .'he
stevedoring firm of Bennett & Goodall put
IC-00 tons of coal Into her In sixteen hours,
while from 1 p. m. Wednesday until iuon
of yesterday the transport force, under
Captain Dunn, put 2000 tons of freight
aboard. The coaling feat is one of tn»
best efforts ever made on this coast, as all
the fuel had to be hoisted aboard from
lighters. Captain Bennett remained at his
post personally superintending the job un
til 6 a. m. yesterday, and only went home
to change his clothes after th^Sherman
was coaled and ready for sea. It wa.s a
clever piece of stevedoring and Captain
Bennett deserves all the credit he received
from the officers of the transport service.
The Sherman will take away about f>O<iO
tons of freight. 400 casuals and sev-.-ral
officers.
ROW AT OLYMPIA
THEATER ENDS
IN BROKEN RIBS
Marie Wood and Max
Haas Principals.
Marie D. Wood, billed ns the "Califor
nia Nightingale" at the Olympia Theater,
did not appear on the stage of that play
house last night. An altercation with the
assistant manager. Max Haas, a pair of
broken ribs and internal injuries received
on Wednesday evening put out of the
question any participation in the Olympia
programme by Miss Wood.
There can be no doubt that Marie D.
Wood, who was formerly a Miss Dohr
mann of Stockton, Is suffering intensely
from some bodily Injury. When seen last
night at her rooms, 223 Powell street, she
told the following story:
"I was leaving the rooms at the back
of the stage when Mr. Haas came up to
me and we had words over something
that had just happened. He caught me
by the arms, pressed me against tne wall
and aftt-r that I can't remember anything
that happened. How I dragged myself
home I can't say, for I was in fearful
pain and suffering intensely."
Miss Wooo's sifter was attending her
last night, and she was outspoken in de
claring that the singer had oeen violently
handled Uy Max Haas. She also insinuat
ed that some action would be brougnt
against him. Dr. Rosecrantz was caned
in yesterday morning and visited the pa
tient repeatedly during the day.
Haas* story does not tally with that of
XJiss Wood. He says that the "California
Nightingale" was using obscene language
renecting upon the visitors of the nouse.
To stop her diatribe short he went back
of the stage. Seeing him approach she at
tempted to strike him and he then pirr
ioned her arms to her sides. Haas saya
she left the Olympia perfectly sound and
w<*ll and in no way disabled or injured
by anything which he had done.
McDonald SAYS
THE MANAUENSE
WAS TOO LIGHT
Why She Ran Out of
Chief Engineer William McDonald of
the Manauense was the only witness be
fore the consular naval court yesterday.
It was expected that Inspector Bulger
would testify as to the cqnditicn of the
engines and boilers of the vessel, but
when court opened in the morning It was
announced that he would not be allowed
to give evidence before the naval court,
and if the court wanted what testimony
he could give it could call for the report
made by Inspector Bulger and now on file
in the Custom-house.
Until the court stopped him McDonald's
testimony was devoted to his experience
as an engineer. He told how he had
served on various vessels, among them
the Olympla and* the Oregon during their
trial trips, and also how he had served
as chiel engineer of the Panama. When
he got that far the court announced that
so tar as it was concerned the fact that
he was chief engineer of the Panama was
sufficient for the purposes of the court
and there was no need of any further
testimony. Then the witness turned to
the events of the voyage to and from Ma
nila.
McDonald was particularly emphatic in
declaring that he had never been drunk
either going or coming en the trip. He
also said he had not been drunk at Yoko
hama or at any other place. He said, too,
that he had never ordered a drop of liquor
from the shore during the whole voyage.
The court is already in possession of what
his bill at the ship's bar v.'as, and there
fore it can judge of what the engineer
drank, taking his bill as a basis.
A good part of the day was devoted to
a description of the methods of clearing
the bilges of the vessel and .why it was
that they were allowed to go "so long in a
foul condition. The vessel was very deep
in her bilges, the engineer said, and so a
very little water would make a big show
ing so far as the soundings were con
cerned. He said. too. that duringMhe trip
out and in there were no soundings post
ed en the sounding board, and for a good
part of the time the distance the ship had
run was not reported to the engineer.
The engineer had no great liking for
Filipinos as men to work on a vessel, for
he said the best men he could get in
Manila were not competent and would not
and could not work in the fireroom. He
referred to the men he hired to help clean
out the bilges. Referring to the ton and
a half of dirt the chief officer had said
he saw taken from the bilges, the chief
engineer said It was no more than should
be expected from such a vessel. The fire
room plates were warped and the ashes
were constantly sifting down into the
bilges. Why he did not clean the bilges
anyway he did not say, except to reiter
ate that the engine-room force kept good
care of the bilge under the tireroom and
whenever the men could they tried to
clean the bilges under the boilers. It was
under the boilers that all the dirt was
found. The coal got through the warped
flreroom plates, he said, when it was be
ing shoveled from the forward bunkers
into the flreroom plates.
Regarding the water reported in the
ship's hold, the engineer said the depth
was much increased by the unsteadiness
of the vessel. She was light anyway, he
said, and whenever the sea picked up she
rolled badly. When they were coming
back he Bald the afterhold was filled with
coal, and when they^rot off Honolulu it
was decided that to remove the coal from
the afterhold would leave the vessel in
bad trim, so it was decided to put into
Honolulu and fill the' bunkers without dis
turbing the coal in the afterhold. This
was why, he said, the ship put Into Ho
nolulu. In concluding, the chief engineer
said that he had never had any talk with
the captain or any one else as to the
number of days required to reach San
Francisco, or the amount of coal that
would be needed.
The report of Inspector Bulger will
probably be read to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO MORE GRIPS
New Line Now Open to
the Public.
Take the C. C. C. Route to Cert sin Relisf
Without a Gr!p o* Gripe— Fare lOc.
Get Passage at Any Erug Store.
No more grips. Russian or any other
kind.
That is the verdirt of the traveling
public who have grown tired after years
of experience with the prips and gripes
of pill form and liquid purgatives.
To open the bowels naturally, easily,
without disagreeable feelinps or results,
has been the problem before modern
science, which has been solved in Cas-
carets Candy Cathartic.
Cascarets are the ideal laxative, harm-
less, purely vegetable, mild yet positive.
They make the liver lively, prevent sour
stomach, purify the blood, regulate the
bowels perfectly.
They cure constipation. We want you
to believe this, as it is the truth, backed
by an absolute guarantee. If Cascarets
do not cure any case of constipation, pur-
chase money will be refunded.
Go buy and try Cascarets to-day. It's
what they do, not what we say they do.
that proves their merit. All druggists —
lOc, 25c or 50c. or mailed for price. Send
for booklet and fre« sample. Address
Sterling Remedy Co.. Chicago; Montreal,
Canada, or New York.
This Is the CASCARET tab-
fr\ r>» «» l !ct - Every tablet of the oniy
I "I M IT I genuine Cascarets bears the
I Uj lijlb I magic letters "C C C." Look
K. A at the tablet before you buy,
VJ \S and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
LARGEST FORE AND AFT SCHOONER IN THE WORLD.
THERK is now almost ready for launching: tn Camden, Me., the largest schooner the world has ever seen. She will have
six masts, will be 2750 tons net register, 235 feet over all, 48 feet beam, 2$ feet deep and will carry loaded 5500 ton3 dead
weight.
¦*- This six-master will have her spars made of Oregon pine. Each mast will be 116 feet long, with topmasts 5S feet
more. The lower masts will be 25 inches in diameter, in the partners, except the foremast, "which will be 20 inches. The fore
topmast will be 20 inches in the cap and the others 17 inches. The bowsprit will be 35 feet long and jibboom 73 feet. She
will have a forward house 26 feet long, midship house 16 feet, after-house 35 feet and a large wheelhouse. She will be fitted
with a double set of pumps and with engines and steam winches fore and aft, and will carry two anchors, each weighing
7000 pounds.
CLEARANCE SALE
FOR THfS WrEK.
LAriES" French O-at Button Shoes,
nearly ali *!z*s; formerly fJ 50 *1.00
1 AtHEF' Trench Kid VcU hhoe?. for-
merly 5iW and $5 OP: odd size* 5j1.50
LADIES' Cloth Top Southern Tlm, for-
merly ft 50; odd sizw 03c
Genuine Fr»~!i ralf H<rb«r"»
Oxr^rti, formerly t<&) and i~> 00: <vid
*£*>* $1.50 SUM)
GENTS' P.lark nieyote Lace Shoes tor-
rwlr 13 •»; odd •"'.*•»« $1.23
CESCTs* Pater.t leather !.» ¦• Shoe?
kangaroo tops; j; GO .lua'.ity; e n liz^s.l^ri^o
For Next 30 Days.
LADIES' SHOES.
!< y\ Fr*r.i-h X:1. coin toe, har.d sew#d
\*ct> sho<»F $2.50
$3 Qr. Olaz^d Kid. ooln toe. pater.t J^ath^r
tip, cioth or kid top. button ftl.ftO
JS <.* Sued* Kid Oxford*, four «;.a>« Sl^iO
J- 00 TaJi Stirx>s In button or lf« 91 "IT*
IT and 13 Frer.ch ICld, plain to*, button
fchc^t; brclcen t'.zra ftl.OO
C M Kid Oxforda. broken *!*•« il.<»>
L*dl*s wearir.r A B and C widths f-izes 2
to 4, can find some rare values b;re.
GENTS'~SHOES.
V 00 Pater.t Leather, cloth tcp. button
ASM, pointed tee«; best makw; nearly
all tire* $2.30
13 60 Caif, Ootibla wdU. round or square
to* »«^»3
»S 00 Patent i*ata»r Lace or Cer.|reu,
s<;ti«p« toe; be«t makea; r<Jd fizee 91.50
$3 00 Boy»- Shoes, calf, button. ifw«<l;
elzes 24 to € $1.50
U W Touth»" Ehoeß, calf, button, broken
1«» $1.23
MISSES' and CHILDREN'S SHOES.
fl 00 Infar.ta' Cloth or K!d top. Patent
Leather tip. button shoes JM>c
fl 75 Child* Glazed Kid. coin toe. vegt-
lr-r tcp. lace sheet §5c
t2 M illsaei' Pater.t Leather, button,
rlaia square toe 95c
SI 75 Cfci:d'« equare toe. cloth or kid top,
button chocs 91.03
S3 0© Mlsaea' cloth tep. button or lace,
coin or «<iaar« toe; elzes 11 to 2 f U23
t«ou cf Earyaina. Gocxi* etrictly as advertised.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1900.
Filipino Actors Deported.
The twenty-four Filipino actors anrt acro
bats who exhibited at the Mechanics* In
stitute last fall will leave for Manila to
morrow on the GoYernmeat transport
Shermai
STEAMER COPTIC
FROM HONGKONG
IN QUARANTINE
?
Stopped at Honolulu
on the Way.
.
THE PLAGUE IS STILL RAGING
STRANGE FUNERAL ON THE
SHIP SHENANDOAH.
«
Ashes of the Deceased Scattered
From the Masthead— Cleve"r Steve
• doring Work on the Trans
port Sherman.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic arrived from the Orient
yesterday, two days ahead of time. She
stopped off Honolulu on the way here,
and when Captain Rinder found there had
been four cases of the plague between
February 2 and 8 he did not waste any
time, but came straight on to San Fran
cisco. United States Quarantine Officer
Kinyoun boarded the vessel as soon a 3
she eameVo anchor off Alcatraz, and as
soon as he found there was a case of sick
ness among the cabin passengers he or
dered the vessel to the Angel Island sta
tion. A most rigid investigation of every
body aboard will be made to-day, and if
the case of sickness proves to be one of
typhoid fever, as at present diagnosed, the
steamer will dock to-day. So far not a
line of information has been given out
from the vessel. Dr. Kinyoun Is enfoi.-
lAWAwitKjgj Latest I
laJ^rW Fur Garments a
f^illv/ Lowest prices g
Jfjjlflil Chicago 1
B&^^%jjp Tailoring M
Open Eveninje. |Z
7BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR I). S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:U
a. m.; 3:lj. 8:30 p. 4 n. (ex. Thure. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m . 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
£'fL £°- 2 - Telephone Main KCS.
TARE
LIVERPOOL. ;^>
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 10% 5 10*4 BIOS
Closing 5 10% 6 10V4 5 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 20 25 2145
Closing 20 40 2160
Flour—
Opening 26 55 27 90
Closing 26 70 2S 00
Chicago Livestock {Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 15.— CATTLE— Choice, strong
to 10c higher, including Tejcans; others steady
to strom:; butchers' stock and canners active,
There was a better business In securities on
the morning session. Market-Street Railroad,
was firmer at J6l 8"H and Spring Valley Water
advanced to $95 25. Giant Powder declined to
$52 50. - *
The feeling was firm In the afternoon, with
a good list of sales. Several of the sugar
stocks were firmer and Giant Powder sold up
to 192 87V4-
The California Fruit Canners' Association
has declared its first dividend of 50 cents per
Ehare, payable on the 20th.
The Spring Valley Water Company has de
clared a monthly dividend of 42 cents per share,
payable on the 20th.
The Homestake Mining Company has de
clared the regular monthly dividend of 25 cents
per Bhare and an extra one of the same
amount, payable on the 25th. The two divi
dends amount to $105,000.
The dividend of 10 cent! per share by the
Standard Con. Mining Company will be paid
on the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Feb. 15—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar c0up.. 114 —
4s quar reg — 114VJ
4s quar new... — 136
Ss quar coup.. — —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55. .117 119%
C C Wat 55..106H107
Ed L & P 65.. 129 —
F&CI Ry 65..115 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95
H C & B 5\t5..105 110
II C & S ss-..105^ —
L A Ry 55....105U105'4
L A L Co 55.. — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do »,-ntd 55.. — 103
L A & P R 59.102H —
Market-st 65... 127 —
Do l«t M 5«..11S HSli
NCN G R 78.106 —
N R Of Cal 63.1124113%
N* R of Cal 55. 114 —
N P C R R 65103 —
N P C R R 55. 108 —
N C R R 55. ..109 —
Oak GL&H 55. 110 —
Oak Tran 65... — 112%
Oak W Cn Em.. 105 —
Oceanic SS C 0.105% —
Om C Ry 65... — 128%
P & C! Ry 65. .104*4 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powel-st R 63.119<4 —
Sac L G*Ri;s. 85 —
8 F & SJVSs..H6% —
H Ry of Cal 6s. — .108
8 P of A 65. ...110% —
S P C 65(1905).109% —
S P C 65(1906).112 113
S P C 6c(1912). — —
SP O Ist cgss. — —
BP Br fis 126 —
S V Wat 65.... 116 —
3 V Wat 45.... 103 V", —
S V W 45(3dm)102% —
Stktn Gas 65.. 102 107%
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa.. 72% 73%
Mnrln C-.untv. * n —
Spring Valley. 95 95Vi
Gas & Electilc —
Cent Gas Co.. — —
Cent L & P... - 4fc
Bid. Ask.
Kqult G L Co. 34 -
Mutual El Co. — . —
O G L 4; H... 45 46%
Pac Gas Imp.. 50% — .
Pac Light Co.. 43 45Vj
S F G & E 60% —
, San Kranclsco. 4V* 4Ti
Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Insurance—
Firem's Fund.22B —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6S 71
Bank of Ca1... 402^4 —
Cal S D & T.. 9! 100
First Xatnl 250 305
Lon P A A. ...133 —
Merchants' Ex — IS
Nev Nat 8k... — —
Savings Banks—
Ger S & L...1775 —
Hum 3 & L. — —
Mut Sa.v Bk. 45 —
S F Say U..502% —
Savft L So. 74 78
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads—
California 11SHH3
Geary-st 60 —
Market-st Ry. 61>4 —
O S L & H — 60
Presidio 12H —
Powder Stocks —
California — 170
B Dynnm.lt*... 85 —
Giant Con Co. 92% 92T»
Vlgorit 214 2*> 4
Sugar stocks—
Hana H P Co. 7% 8
Haw C & S Co R3'^ 84%
Honokaa. S Co. 29% —
Huch S P Co. 25% —
Kllauea S Co. — 25
Makawell SCo 45 —
Onomea S Co. 25% —
PaaUhau S Co. 26 26»i
M'^ce'laneous —
Al Pack Assn.imil2o
Mer Xx .Assn.. — l<v>
Oceanic S Co. 92% 94
Pac A F A 8 —
Pac C Bor Co. 144 —
Par Paint Co.. 9V4 —
,''-¦"_ ' ¦." : : ; "v
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Kqultable Gas 3 50
100 Kqultable Gas, b 30 3 50
100 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 83 50
$5000 Los Angeles- Pacific R R Bonds 102 50
120 Giant Powder Con 93 00
20 Giant Powder C0n...... 92 87*4
60 Giant Powder Con 92 50
JCO Giant Powder Con 92 7",
25 Giant Powder Con 92 62"4
80 Makawell 44 50
20 Market Street Railway '. 61 87H
20 Pacific Lighting 44 50'
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 50
10 S V Water .94 50
118 S V Water 95 00
Shipping Intelligence.
Xczv York Stock Market.
NKTV YORK. Feb. 15.— The movement of
•prices in the Hock market to-day reflected
very clearly the doubtful and conflicting specu
lative oj'lr.lon over the outlook for prices. The
opinion reflected was almost wholly that of
•profcj-sMrnal c;ifratcr» In stocks, as they were
the only one* who took any notabl* part In
the trading. The general public persisted in
keeping out of the stock market and this con
tinued indlS>r*-nce had not a little to do with
doubts of the itrofe«=*lonal speculators, some of
•nhoni fold stocks before the close of the day,
¦prompted by their disappointment over the
failure of any general demand for stacks to
develop. A number of factors contributed to
en early advarro In prices. The initial lm
j ; » • cam» from the l>indon market, where
prices advanced m the cheerful feeling en
gendered by the forward movement of British
troops in SSouth Africa. London was a buyer
here at the opening, but the demand from
that source was satisfied with the taking of
25.G00 to SO.OOo shares. The Iron and steel
FToup advanced In company In the morning
and the active bidding up of professional
traders. American Steel and Wire rising to
vithin a fraction r»f 60. Tennessee Coal ro«e
an extreme *ji^. The impulre to thnae stocks
came from the allegations contained In a pend
ing lawsuit of notoriety regarding the enor
mous profits of the steel trade for the past
year and «r-s»rti<->n* of the likelihood of still
larcer returns fur the current year. The
«-tn»ngth in Hufiar was based upon rather vague
rumom of a coming advance in the price of
the product and renumjitlon of operations by
rvflnerl»»s recently clewed down. But the
rtrenfrth from these causes was not well main
tained In far* of the apathy of the demand
and the notable weakness In *on:e special
rtnoki. A break of (% In Third Avenue was
due to the announcement by a banking house
of Its withdrawal of a projK>«ed loan to this
company. This oau»M tharp sympathetic de
clines In the other Incal traction stocks, the
|n» nntl *te«>l stocks and Supar and In fact
unsettled t!:«» whole list. Railway stocks lost
the enrly gains and became dull but notably
firm near la*t night's level of prices. Reports
continue to reflect a high level of prosperous
buslnetw activity and an unprecedented level
of railroad earni'igs. Bat this very activity
In r>u*'n«*B» arouses a question whether the
cc > i~of*j*e rou s vim* of Tnoney thus Involved is not
likely to deplete the supply of funds available
Tor ppcrulfitlve purposes. No better explana
tion has l>een found of last week's enormous
loan fxpanMon than the demand for mercantile
tin"*, which is known to be on a very large
vcaie. Rat»^t for call loans still continue easy.
Thut only the choicest rmde« of mercantile
r«I>«-r (an *>c placed now «.s low a* 4 j>er c*nt.
Hi .«i tranMCtlnnß !•«¦!¦ c made at 4% to f. per
cent. Time loans for sixty days are also In
large drmnnd at 4' s pr rent. The sub-treas
ury ha* n'.ready absorbed over |1.6f«.0fi0 from
the market this werk and the course of New
Tork *-x<h«nKe at Interior points given little
1 ¦•! • of any K'aln In cash from those sources.
Taking Into account the recent tendency
toward large expansion of loans a further
lanre Inroad upon surplus reserves Is regarded
¦¦ Inevitable In the coming bank statement.
Huslnrns In bond* continued on a fairly large
•role and price changes were Irregular. Total
rales, par value. $2,135,000.
United States bonds were unchanged In the
1¦! i quotations.
HEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Fh«r*>» Closing
S..M. Ht'Tks- Bt.l.
l.r.lrt Atrhlson .* I!
S.SSt Atrtitpon |>n»fd 6J4
T.CSO HaUlmcr*- & Ohln C3*^
Canadian I'nrir.c 9*\
Canada fiouthrrn — ... 454
1.750 I }(. mi.. :.k~ A. Ohio J»v»
W» Chicago Oreat Western 13%
4.41.-0 chlcnito Burlington Ac Qutncy ir.%
<'li].nk.. in.J & Louisville. 164
•t«.... Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 45
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 55,000 40,000
Wheat, bushels 40,000 25.000
Corn, bushels 355.000 847.000
Oats, bushels 263,000 249,000
Rye. bushels 4.000 1 000
Barley, bushels 76.000 12.000
Steamer Movements.
•CHICAGO. Feb. 15.— Corn was the governing
market on the exchange to-day. Corn started
rather easy. May opening at 34%®34%0 to 34? i&
!4*jc, and selling off early to 34% c. The mar
ket quickly found Itself crowded with buyers,
and the desire to get corn, actuated by small
country offerings and the large cash business
done yesterday, and the promise of heavy ship
ping business to-day, caused a rally. Trade was
active and the market broad. May soared to
354 c and clesed %c up at 35">i@35»ic, having
receded from the top on profit-taking.
WHEAT— With snow on the ground and the
Northwest receipts 150 cars larger than last
year's and 200 cars over last week's, holders set
less value on their May wheat at the opening,
which was at CS^feSTic, compared with yester
day's close at es"»c. Before support was re
ceived May reacted to 68Hc, caused by the
strength of corn, better late cables, reports of
more damage to the long suffering French crop
an Improved export demand and better late
cables. May worked Its -way up to 694J?69'4c
and cloeed firm. He over yesterday, at 69c
Trade was active the greater part of the ses
sion. There was considerable profit-taking and
pome heavy covering by shorte, principally St.
Louis people.
OATS— The greater part of the Bession In oats
lagged, but toward the end took a brace in
sympathy with the strength of corn. May
closed %c up at 24c.
PROVISIONS— There- was a dip In provisions
early, but the market recovered on the strength
of corn and a firmer tone In hogs. Trade was
fairly active. May pork closed 124(g15c over
yesterday. May lard 24c up and May ribs 5(2
74c higher. *
The leading futures ranged as follows:
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Charters.
The J. A. Campbell loads lumber at Tacoma
for Honolulu; William 11. Smith, lumber at
Port Blakeley for Honolulu: Ness, lumber and
merchandise at Portland for Vladivostok.
Exports of Wheat and Flour.
Exports of Flour from this port In January
¦arere 213.610 barrels, against 72.240 in January.
IJO9. Reducing thi* flour to a wheat basis and
adding It to the exported wheat gives total
wheat exports for January of 9SO.SS7 centals,
acalcst 4&4.800 laet year.
Government Receipts and Expenses
For the first eeven months of the ficral year
the Government receipts compare as follows:
1K99. 1900.
Customs |U4.n37.'*l 1135.^4.750
Internal revenue 155.3T«.3?6 175.d81.052
Miscellaneous 14.322.843 :i.755.62S
Total t:57,756.820 $532.505,660
The disbursements for the same Interval
compare a* follows:
1539. 1900.
Civil $e'J.3l9.<S« J64.274.397
War 161.579.ti1t 55.222.564
Navy 41.622.37S 33.238. 255
Indians 6.624,853 6.922.C92
r<-r.Mor.s &.476.53) 82.903.5*09
interest 24.651.585 27.373.453
Total $35».604,&03 1302.9:5.140
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 16. 1900—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate, as compared with thope of the came date
last eeaeon, and rainfall In the last twenty-four
hours.
Last This Last
Stations— Tl hours, season, season.
"Turrka 0.00 34.85 15. 77
Jfd Bluff 0.00 15. C3 13.13
(Sacramento 0.00 13.71 7. 50
fan Francisco 0.00 14.57 7.77
Krerno COO 6.14 8.86
Independence COO 2.U8 1.16
Fan Luis Oblspo 0.00 12.41 7.16
Los Angeles 0.00 4.67 2.M
Fan Diego 0.00 2.64 3.7S
"Vuzna 0.00 0.75 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
tS; minimum, 47; mean, C 2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST,
Generally clou<Jy leather prevails over the
•northern portion of the pacific Sloi>e and fair
wather oxer the southern. Scattering light
mo* has fallen over the Rocky Mountain re
tion and In Western Washington.
The treasure has riwn decidedly over the
r.orthweyu-rn portion of th» country. An area
of high I'tfFsure overlies Western Montana,
•while the lowest pressure Is reported from Arl
cona.
The temperature lias risen slightly over Cali
fornia and fallen over the r'ateau region. Tem
p^raturfs h*-!ow zero are reported from Mon
tana and North Dakota.
Conc'iU.iris are favorable for cloudy and some
t»hat threatening weather In the northern por
tion of California and fair weather over the
centra! and southern i>ortions. It will be cooler
In the northern portion.
FVrecaFt maije at t^an Francisco for thirty
fcours ending trldnljtht, February IS, l>ft»:
Northern California— Cloudy and threatening
ewer the north portion; fair In south portion;
Friday cooler In north portion; light northerly
i»ind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light north
erly wind.
Nevada. — Cloudy and threatening, probably
with scattering enews Friday; cooler In north
portion.
Utah— CiOudy, with snow Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
»nd somewhat threatening Friday ; light north
erly wind. G. H. WILLPON.
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— FLOUR-Recelpts, 22.
000 barrels; exports, 21,160 barrels. More active
en winter patents, but held too high on spring
flour for buyers who were only too willing to
pay old asking prices. Winter patents, $3 65@
3 S3; winter straits, $3 40®3 65 ; winter low
grades, $2 25"g2 40; Minnesota bakers, $2 90^3 05.
WHEAT— Receipts, 29.600 bushels; exports,
104,185 bushels. Spot— Firm; No. 2 red. 774 c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth. Sl%c f. o. b.
afloat prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth, S3%c f. o. b.
afloat prompt. Options — Opened steady on
cables, but • eased off, gathering strength later
In sympathy with corn. The market ruled very
tirm for the balance of the day. Covering by
shorts and a fair extension of long accounts
were the trading features. Exports also made
more inquiry for cash wheat. Interior receipts
were moderate and crop news from this country
and France bullish. Closed tlrm at V»c net ad
vance, at 774 c; May, 75%575Tic. closed 76ftc;
July. 73\4<5764e, closed 75hc
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with prices
10 to 20 points lower. Total sales were 34.750
bags, Including: March, $7 lO^ 15; May,
$7 20Q7 25: July, $7 30; August, $7 30; Septem
ber. $7 3557 50; October. $7 4Q'B'7 45; December,
{7 50; January, $7 65.
Spot Coffee— Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice. S%c;
No. 7 Jobbing, 9^o; mild, quiet; Cordova, 10@
134 c.
SUGAR— Raw. steady: refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6468 packages ; steady.
June creamery, lHff23c; Western creamery. 21
(g2.%c; factory. 16gi9c.
Eggs— Receipts, 17,324 dozen; strong; West
ern, 13!ic
DRIED FRUITS.
Business In evaporated apples continued In a
Jobbing way to-day. Sales were only medium
at concessions, as buyers were holding off.
Light receipts were offset by disappointing
news from the country- The close was easy,
with the tendency toward a lower level. Cali
fornia dried fruits were steady In tone and
only a hand to mouth trade In progre*s.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
s@6c: crime, 64@8%c; fancy. SQ L B4c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34S7C.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13® 15c; Moorpark. lSfflSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 15322 c; unpeeled. 74®9c.
Nczv York Metal Market. •
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— Tin moved up a shade
again to-day, following Improvement in the
London market. Otherwise the situation lo
cally was unchanged. News from the West
was about In line with anticipations. Demand
was slack and offerings light. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlRON— Warrants, very dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at $16 25
TlN— Very quiet, at J3O 374 c
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 70 bid and $4 75
asked.
SPELTER— DuII, with $4 60 bid and $4 70
asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $16 25216 DO.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 14 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BS',4
Sterling Cables — 4 8»4
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 48 4S}j
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Rajore takes for Cork 71,955
ctls, valued at $75,553.
Paris was lower. Liverpool futures showed
little change. Broomhall cabled that the Ar
gentine yield was not equal to that of last
year. Cables from Antwerp placed the crop
damage In the north of France at 20 per cent.
Chicago was firm, in sympathy with the enor
mous export demand for Corn, at least 1,000.000
bushels being taken for this account. This
strength in Corn had a good effect on Wheat,
and 150.000 bushels were taken for export. But
this firmness was offset by general snow and
liberal receipts in the Northwest. The seaboard
reported thirty loads taken for export, and
Minneapolis reported, a big demand for Flour.
The Cincinnati Price Current elves the condi
tion of winter Wheat as less promising.
The local market was firm but unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $15jl01Vi; milling,
$1 024@l 05.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o" clock— December—
6000 ctls, $1 08%. May— 2ooo. $1 024-
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 4ooo ctls,
$109. May-2000, $102%.
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 02%.
BARLEY— Feed rules firm under a good de
mand for local and export account, and for
the southern part of the State, which Is tak
ing a good deal, owing to the lack of rain.
Feed, 76@774c for No. 1 and 65®724c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@S7V4c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Sfpslon — No rales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No pales.
OATS— Prices show some change, generally
downward. The demand for Barley has not
yet affected this market. The Inquiry for
Black is liitht.
White. $1 1001 30: Red. ?scf?n 174; Gray,
$1 07401 15; Black, 924c4T5l 024.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 95c per
ctl and Eastern Yellow at ilQl 024; mixed,
9< RYE-Quoted at 974©51 024 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Mills tuffs.
The export demand for Flour Is good at
present. The Olympla takes for China 7156 bar
rels, valued at $24,679.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6OgJ 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40^3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75©3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 rer 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 60: Hominy, $3 25(ff3 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $4194 25: Cracked Wheat, 13 75;
Farina $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60;
Rolled Oats (barrels), tf@7 25; In sacks, 15 75®
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, |5; Green Peas,
|5 60 per lOO.lbs.
J Hay and Feedstuffs.
There Is nothing new In Hay or Feedstuffs.
The markets are dull as a rule.
BRAN-$l2 50013 50 per toa
MIDDLINGS— $17(520 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15(@17 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J2«@27; Jobbing.
$27 50@2S; Cocoanut Cake. $20(^21 ; Corn Meal.
J23@23 50; Cmcked Corn, $23 50®24; Mixed Feed,
Jl5 60- Cottonseed Meal, 128 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $6 50®8 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6 60@8 60;
Oat. SGS*; Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, J6@7 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 2S® 4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The stagnation In Beans continues, but deal
ers refuse to accept lower bids.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 25@3 35; small White, $3 20
@3 35; large White, J2 SKXS3 10; Pinks, J2 50©
•' fes- Reds, $3 50; Blackeye, {4 60; Butters
nominal; Lima. $5 I£@s 25; Pea, |3 20@3 40; Red
Kidneys. $3 5054.
BEEDS— Brcwn Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax.. Jl So@2 20: Canary,
34c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa. S©9c: Rape. 24@3c; Hemp, 4@4Hc;
Timothy. 4<fr4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 50@l 90; Green, $1 75
Q2 60 per ctl. . •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Free supplies of Potatoes and Onions keep
both descriptions weak and quiet.
Vegetables show no particular change,
though supplies of all kinds are smaller.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85@95c; River Reds.
76@S5c: Burbanks, 60@75c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 75c(fi$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, II 65®
$1 85 for Merced and $1 25 for River: New Pota
toes. 3c.
ONIONS— SI 75@2 10 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 per
dozen; Rhubarb. 10<fri24c per lb; Asparagus.
10ff25c: Green Ppas. 2i34c per lb for Los Angeles
and — for Alnmeda: String Beans. S@loc;
Cabbage. 40«J50c; Los Angeles Tomatoes.
H«SI 60: Egg Plant from Los Angele*. 10® 124 c;
Dried Okra, 124 c per lb: Garlic. 6®7c: Green
Peppers from Los Angeles, 305 c; Dried Pep
pers. 8«?10c: Carrots. 30®40c per sack: Los An
geles Summer Squash, — per box; Mar
rowfat Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Doves are out of season. Game continues
weak at the low prices.
Flvo cars of Eastern Poultry .have arrived
thus far this week and one more is due. Poul
try is firm and young stock Is somewhat
higher.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lie for Gobblers
and 12Q13C for Hens; Dressed Turkes-s, HWISc;
Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings, $1 75@2;
Ducks. I4jjs for old and $455 for youn-r: Hens,
Young Roosters. $5 5 50; Old •Roosters.
»4'tf4 50; Fryers. $» 50<&5; Broilers, J4i*s for large
and $3Q4 for small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per
dozen for old and $2 50@3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. SI 25; Mallard. $3i?S 50: Can
vasback. $2@4 ; Sprig, II aorff2; Teal, tl 60;
Widgeon. Ji E0; Small Duck. $1; Do\'es, 75c
per dozen; Hare. ~sc<gtl: Rabbits. $1 25i£fl 50;
Gray Oeese. $2 6n<iJ3 50: White. $1 25@1 SO;
Brant. JU 5002: Honkers, $4: English Snipe, $2 50
per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 25^1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Ranch Eggs continue to decline, though slow
ly. Stocks are free and accumulating. Cheese
is dull and unchanged.
Dairy Butter is lower, and Butter of all
kinds is in ample supply, weak and dull.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 2<c; second*. 22
©23c.
Dairy— Fancy. 21c; good to choice, 19(g20c;
common. 15©18 c.
CHEESK— Choice mild new, 10c: old. 9Hc;
Young America. 10®llc; Eastern, 154@16c;
Western. 134©15 c per lb.
EGGS— OuAtad at He - for atore and 15 16c
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois SU4
Chicago & Northwestern IC2
l.flO Chicago Rock Island & Paclflo 107%
620 C C C & St Louis «1»,
2,650 Colorado Southern 6%
120 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43V4
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15%
100 Delaware* Hudson 115
Delaware Lackawanna & Western. . 178
100 Denver & Rio Grande 19%
I.IUO Denver & Rio Grande prefd 72%
850 Erie 12T»
1,261 Erie let prefd 37 I,*1 ,*
225 Great Northern prefd 158
Hocking Coal 17
100 Hocking Valley 34V4
1.020 Illinois Central 114
6iK> lowa Central 12Vi
215 lowa Central prefd 63
Kansas City Plttsburg &. Gulf 13
Lake Erie & Western 20%
Lake Krle & Western prefd b3V*
Lake Shore 194
2.1f>0 Louisville & Nashville 81V4
7.555 Manhattan L 99V*
2,M» Metropolitan Street Railway 129
125 Mexican Central 12U
Minn & St Louis 63
Minn & St Louis prefd 93
4,000 Missouri Pacific 46%
810 Mobile & Ohio 44
Missouri Kansas & Texas 11
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 33
270 New Jereey Central 1164
600 New York Central 134%
6.E95 Norfolk & Western 29'»
2.7i5 Norfolk & Western prefd 73«4
4.7^j Northern Pacific • 53%
1.256 Northern Paclnc prefd 74%
8.6J5 Ontario & Western 24"*»
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Orecon Hallway & Nay prefd 76
14,070 Pennsylvania 13ZV,
100 Reading igij
£>00 Heading l?t prefd 56
100 Reading 2d prefd 28V4
Rio Grande Western 4>j
Rio Grande Western prefd 87
200 St Louis & San Fran 104
St Louis and San Fran Ist prefd 6S
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35%
St Louis Southwestern 11
100 St Louis Southwestern prefd 27
4,'«>o St Paul jmt
US St Paul prefd *171U
160 St Paul & Omaha ' 115
6.810 Southern Paclnc 3914
1.140 Southern Railway 12-1,
2.618 Southern Railway prefd 57
6iW Texas & Pacific 16%
20,5X0 Union Pacific a»i,
674 Union Pacific prefd 76%
Wabash g%
310 Wabash prefd " "" 20%
2.061 Wheeling & Lake Erie. IO'I
M 0 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 27%
130 WlFconsln Central u^,
Express Companies
Adams 115
American 1'.'.!146
150 United States ..'. 4GU
Wells Fargo 123'
M I cccl la neou* . .
American Cotton OH 34
100 American Cotton OH prefd 94
300 American Malting 5%
200 American Maitlng prefd 25
21« Am Smelting & Refng 41%
425 Am Smelting & Refng prefd 92
lyO American Spirits 2H
American Spirits prefj 17
2.660 American Steel Hoop 47
ClO American Steel Hoop prefd 84%
37.350 American Steel & Wire 59
910 American Steel A Wire prefd.... H3%
C 25 American Tin Plate 341,
American Tin Plate prefd 81
45.450 American Tobacco HO
100 American Tobacco prefd 135
CM) Anaconda Mining Co 45
11.W5 Dmoklyn Rapid Transit 74
1.T.00 Colorado Fuel & Iron 46%
6.2W Continental Tobacco 3;%
730 Continental Tobacco prefd M>>
ILfS2 Federal Steel 56
785 Federal Steel prefd 754
500 General Klectric 1:7
200 Oiucone Sug-ar 66%
OlucoKe Sugar prefd 100
C 25 International Paper Z2\
C6O International Paper prefd RS4
Laclede Gas 76
4CO National Biscuit .- 87
127 National Bliscult prefd 92%
300 National Lead 2.')%
National I>>ad prefd F»Vi
7.310 National Steel soil j
700 National Steel prefd P6% I
115 New York Air Brake 130
410 North American 14%
300 Pacific Coast EiVi
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63<4
7.160 Pacific Mall 39%
1.710 People's Gas 10s
470 Pressed Steel Car 554
Pressed Steel Car prefd 87
l*,o Pullman Palace Car IK9
360 Standard Rope & Twine 84
51.750 Hupar 11314
100 Sugar prefd 113 1
6.5&4 Term Coal & Iron 100% |
3.R*."> Vntted States Leather 17% j
1,625 United States Leather prefd 7f.%
1.220 United States Rubber 334
LOSS United Stales Rubber prefd 9'U
540 West'tf-n Union 84*1
1.872 Republic US 2',% •
270 Republic I & S prefd 6SU
P C C & St L 65
426.700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2* reg 1024 jN V Central lsta..U3
V 8 3s reg WS% N J Cent gen 65... 124
U S 3s coup VJi% N Carolina 6s 127
V S new 4» reg 134 Do 4s 106
U S new 4.« coup.. 134 Northern Pac 35... «7
V P old 4s res 114% Do 4s 10374
D t> old 4s coup..H4 7 «, NYCd- S L 45....10S
U S u« reg 112%;N ife W con 4s TM4
V S r.s coup 112»J Do gen 6s 130
Dls of Col 3Css= 117 Or Nay lsts 110
Atchlson gen 4«....1fin%i Do 4s 101T»
IV> adj 4s S2%|Dr Short Line 65. .127
Canada Sou 2d» lftf'-j r>o con 5s 115
Chep & Ohio 4'»8... J»«V Reading On 4s R7li I
Do r* 1194 ft G W lsts 97%
C& N Con 7* 141 >L& I M Con f>s. .111%
IV) 8 F Deb 6»..120 iLftSF Gen 65..122 ii
Chicago Term 4»... ?2Vi ?t Paul Con ifi;%
D & R G lsts 102% 3t P C 4 P 1«tn...H0%
Do 4s 89 r>o 5s 12(H>
E T V & a 15t5....1014 Southern Ry &s K>9%
Erie Gen 4s 7l'*t|«tand II & T 6s 7«y»
F W & D C lstn.... 71 |renn new set 35... 95
General Elec 55.. ..117 Texas & Pac lsts..im;
•'. Hi S A 6s 107 Do 2ds 04
Vo Ids 1«7 Union Pac 4s wr>i
H& T Cent f.s 110 Wabash lsts 1174
Do Con 6g 110 Do 2ds 99
lowa Cent lsts 113 iWest Shore 4s 11114
X C P & G lsts... 72% Wls O-nt lsts 91
La new con 4s IK'tiVt Centuries R6
L & N Unl 4s 99 |Va Deferred 6
M X tt T 2ds Kg Colo & Bon 4s S4'i
Do 4s 91 .Southern Pac 45.... S4'i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Cholar lSlOntario g 00
frown Point f'Ophlr 50
Ton Cal & Va 1 SnjPlymouth 13
Oeadwood M>,Qulcksllver 1 75
Gould A Curry--.. l ft i do prefd 750
Hale A- Norc 25 ' Sierra Nevada .... 40
Momestake 50 00 Standard 2 00
Iron Silver Eft Union Con 22
Mexican 22 Wllow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND IJONDS.
Money— Union Land «v
Call loann SHfTf, West Knd 9314
Time loans 4 <&5 do prefd 113
Stocks— West Electric 42
A T & 8 F tO"4 Wisconsin Cent.... I*4
do prefd 634 Oom Coal 414
Am Sugar 113' i do prefd 1164
do prefd 112% Mining Shares—
Bell Telephone 337 'Adventure 6
Ropton A Albany. .24o Allouez Mln Co .... 3
IloMon Elevated .. 974 Atlantic 24
Boston & Maine ..199 Host & Mont 2*o
C B & Q 125% Butte & Bost 66
Ed Elec 111 203 Cal & Hecla 760
General Elec 12«4 Centennial 16>4
do crefd 13K Franklin 15
Federal Bteel f.« Osceola 754
do prefd 754 Parrot 44T4,
Mexican Cent 124 Wulncy 140
Mich Tel mo .Santa Fe Copper .. 64
Old Colony 2fiS 'Tamarack 192
Old Dominion 20 Wlnona 3
Rubber S3 Wolverines 41
Union Pacific W,4 "»ih 294
Nezv York Money Market
NKW YORK, Feb. 16.— Moner on call easy,
at 26IV* per cent; last loan, 2C£2V* per cent;
prime mercantile paper. 48* per cent, fiter-
Sih'cr a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat firm, but quiet.
Barley strong and in good demand. Other cereals dull
Nothing new in Hay and Feedstuffs.
Brans and Seeds dull and unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions quiet and easy.
Vegetables steadier under lighter supplies.
Dairy Butter, lower. Ranch Eggs declined again. i
Poultry firm, with higher prices for young stock.
Game dull and weak, with Denies out of season.
Oranges in light supply and good demand.
Provisions sell fairly at steady prices.
Meat market unchanged.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
ling exchange Irregular, with actual business
In bankers' bills at $4 87V4@4 87% for demand
and at $4 84@4 84<4 for sixty days. Posted rates,
J4 85 and $4 88V*. Commercial bills. J4 83Vi©4 83%.
Silver certificates, 59%®60%c. Bar Silver,, 59% c.
Mexican dollars, 47Vic Government bonds,
Btcady; State bonds, steady; railroad bonds, Ir
regular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— T0-day's condition
of the treasury shows: Avnllable cash balance,
J294.667.502; gold reserve. 1221,039,591.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The news of. Lord Roberts' advance into the
Orange Free State caused a very cheerful
opening In the markets here to-day, but the
volume of business is falling off and early ad
vances were lost by noon. Later there was
a slightly hardening tendency, which was
maintained to the close except In Americans),
which began hard, with small buying, but
lapsed on sales by New York, which included
bonds. It Is apprehended here that New York
will have to prepare for dearer money.
CLOSING,
Canadian Pacific, 101 V4; Union Paclflo pre
ferred, 79; Northern Pacific, preferred, 7674;
Atchlßon, 22; Grand Trunk, BV4; Anaconda, 9Vi-
Bar silver, quiet at 27V*d per ounce.
10 S V Water »5 25
650 Vlgorit Powder , 2 50
Street—
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar S3 SO
Afternoon Session.
Board
60 Equitable Gas S 50
100 Equitable Gas 3 6214
60 Giant Powder Con S2 87»,
15 Giant Powder Con 92 75
¦ 100 Hana Plantation Co 8 00
•20 Honokaa S Co 29 25
210 Honokaa S Co 29 37V4
10 Hutchinson S P Co 26 00
210 Makawoll 45 M
100 Market Street Railway 61 75
11000 Oceanic S S Bonds 105 374
30 Onomea Sugar Co 2« 00
130 Paauhau S P Co 26 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 50
$1000 S V 4s (2<l Mortgage) 103 50
$1000 S V 4s (3d Mortgage) / 102 Id
Street—
75 California Street R R US 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 50
60 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 00
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Anaconda SS
Afternoon Session.
Board —
3CO Anaconda 65
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— •
10 Blue Goose 25 50
50 Caribou ; 95
75 Dominion 40
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Caribou ; 95
100 Home Oil 3 75
MINING STOCKS. %
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornios Session.
150 Caledonia 37
100 Caledonia 86
100 C C & Va 1 30
200 Gould & Curry. 14
60 Hale & Norcrs. 31
200 Mexican 23
1W Ophlr Mi
Afternoon
400 Ophir 15
500 Potosi 27
400 Sierra Nevada. 43
400 Sierra Nevada. 41
1100 Sierra Nevada. 40
700 Union Qon 25
100 Utah CS
Session.
200 Andes 05
100 Belcher .._.... 22
200 Chollar 22
100 C C & Va 1 35
100 Crown Point.... 09
100 Crown Point.... 10
60 Gould & Curry. 15
100 Mexican 23
COO Mexican 23
100 Ophlr S3
10 Ophir 60
200 Savage 12
500 Sierra Nevada. 40
700 Union Con 25
400 Utah 07
1000 Yellow Jacket.. 17
Following w«re the sales In th« Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session,
200 Overman 081
200 Potosi 231]
200 Sierra Nevada. 46 i
600 Sierra Nevada. 44'
400 Sierra Nevada. 43
200 Sierra Nevada. 41
1400 Sierra Nevada. 40
300 Union Con 27
200 Union Con 25
400 Utah 07
Afternoon Session
200 Caledonia 35
700 Chollar 21
200 Chollar 22
200 C C & Va....132Vi
200 Mexican S3
200 Potoal 30
100 Potosi Jl
400 Savage 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Feb. 15—4 p. m.
Btd.Ask.
Alpha 02 —
Alta 01 02
Andes 05 06
Belcher 21 22
Best & Belcher. 32 34
Bullion 03 04
Caledonia 36 37
Chollar 21 22
Challenge Con. 17 19
Confidence — 75
Con Cal & Va.l 30 1 35
Con Imperial... — 01
Con New York. — 04
Crown Point.... 09 10
Exchequer — 01
Gould & Curry. 14 15
Hale & Norcrs. 30 32
Julia — 02
Justice 06 03
Bid. As*.
Kentuck 01 02
Lady Wash 03 —
Mexican 23 24
Occidental 18 14
Ophlr C 4 85
Overman 09 10
Potosi 23 30
Savage 11 12
Scorpion 02 —
Seg Belcher 01 02
Sierra Nevada. 40 41
Silver Hill 04 05
St Louis 09 —
Standard —2 75
Syndicate — 05
Union Con 24 23
Utah 07 08
Yellow Jacket. 17 IS
Foreign Futures.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, February 15.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 17 h-»«rs from
Mendocino.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. 100 hour*' from Se
attle. /
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 34 hour* from Cres
cent City.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, 24 holrs from Eu
reka. . /
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. 43 hc-ffs from New
port (S), via *an Pedro 33 boirs.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 20 hoirs from Monte
rey. . /
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, v hours from Al
bion, /
Br stmr Costic. Rlnfler, 2/ days 23 hours 34
TO SAIL
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 19'?24c: dairy,
13Q22c. Cheese, firm; 12@13c. Eggs, easy; 12c.
• TO ARRIVE.
Article*— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February qju
May 68T4 63<* 6SH £9
July 6914 63»i 63Vi 63%
Corn No. 2— •
February .... ... 33H
May 34"* 3SV4 34% 35%
July 35% . 35% Sb% 35%
Oats No. 2—2 —
May 23*; 24 23% 24
July 22»i 23 22% 23
Mess Pork, ncr barrel-
May 10 90 1100 10 S2H 1100
July 10 95 1105 11 07H 1105
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 6 02V4 « 07H 600 6 07V4
July 610 6 17*j 610 6 17V4
Khort Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 595 606 5 92^4 605
July 5 97V4 605 595 605
rash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm: No. 3 sorine wheat. 64S*Sc; No. 2 red,
71c; No. 2 com. 33*ic: No. 2 oats, 23V»c; No. 3
white. B>*l(o26e; No. 2 rye. 56c; No. 2 barley.
3^<ri4Jc: No. 1 flaxseed, i\ 60; prime timothy
seed, $2 62*t|j mess pork, per barrel, $9 Ss@lo 95;
lard, per 100 pounds, {5 7505 95; short ribs sides
(lory), $5 9(w&6 15; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
6M,<f}6%e; short clear sides (boxed), J6 10®6 15;
whisky, distillers' flnlvhed goods, per gallon.
SI 23V*. Sugars — Cut loaf. 6.05 c; granulated,
5.49 c.
AMERICAN LINE.
KVW TOES. SOUT HAS PTOlf, LOS DOS. PISI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday 13 a. in.
St. Louis Feb. 21! St. Paul March 14
Friesland Feb. 2Sl Kensington ..March 21
New York March JiNew York ....March 2S
RED STAR LINE.
New York; a *)d Antwerp.
From New York every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland Feb. 21! Westernland .March 14
Friesland Feb. 2S Kensington ..March 21
Southward ...March 7i Noordland ...March 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 r>. m
for YOKAHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. N> cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARC Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARTJ Saturday. March 31
NIPPON JIARU Wednesday. April 25
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
|i|niii(9 Auckland for Sydne/
** s^~7?*\ Wednesday. Feb. 21.
law. at 2 p. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii
Famoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Suea!
England, etc. ; $610 first class.
t D. Sr-rttCrULb, * BHUS.Ca. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pur 7. Foot Pacific St. Frei a ht ßtfce.327 Market St
COMPASNIE GENERALS TRAHSATLASTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO lIAVRE-PARI3.
Sailing even- Thursday Instead of <Tfrr»^
Saturday, from November 2. lsX* at ¦^•t****
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.: LA GASCOGNE. Feb 22- LV TOL'-
KAINE. March 1; LA BBETAGSE March S:
LAQUITAIXE. March 15. First" class to
Havre. |60 and upward; :. per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, 145: 5 p*r
cent reduction on round trip. GENER VL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 12 Broadway (Hudson buildins).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific
Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Fraa-
Cisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
|»^ wharf. San Francisco:
KJS»_^ For Alaskan j>orts, 13 a. m.
R£3J&»-K Feb. 20, 25; Mar. 2. <^-.aru-
¦HpTSOß^ to company's steamers at
Erv4£?*i 531 F * or Victoria. Vancouver
P3rjSZ>gr.wt|l (H. C), Port Townsend.
r^^^BtgMhHH Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anaeortes and New What-
com (Wash.), 10 a. m.. Feb.
20, 23; Mar. 2, and every fifth day thereaftPr;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Feb.
13. 23. 28. Mar. 5. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviot.i.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and N<»wport, 9
a. m.. Feb. 18. 20. 24, 23, Mar. 4. anj every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Feb. IS. 22. 26, Mar. 2, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, Pan Jose dpi
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pax, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Ilex.), 10 a. rr... 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing.
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS &. CO.. Gen. Agts..
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Continued on Page Eleven.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
AUCTION.
AUCTION AUCTION
TUESDAY, February 20th,
At 11 O'clock A- M..
ON PREMISES. 516-51S WASHINGTON ST..
GOVERNMENT SUPPLIES,
BK?BafSJi-22 !S/^|Sl"4: 58
Sleeping Bags: 6-.00 Pillows: 4000 Shelter Tents
500 German Silver Band Instruments. Lass ana
Snare Drums: 100 Filters; 500 Galvanized W at-rr
Buckets; 500 Assorted Shovels, etc.
Contractors. Klondikers. resort keepers
campers, hotels. steamUaats. sallmakem. teiu
and awning makers, aftlntlon called to thla
sale. NEW YORK AUCTION CO..
5c to 10c higher; feeders, unchanged. Good to
choice. $5 10@6; poor to medium. $4@4 90; mixed
stockers, $3 25@3 80: selected feeders, t^J^z
good to choice cows, $3 10@4 40: heifers. $3 ->'SS
3 75; canners, $2 40JT2 90; bulls, $2 60®4 40; cows,
$5«7 75: fed Texas beeves. $4#5.
HOGS— Average shade higher, closed strong,
fair clearances; top, $5 024. Mixed and butcn
ers, $4 75@5: good to choice heavy, $4 90®5 02%:
rough heavy, $4 75@4 85; light, $4 70@4 92%: bulk
of pales, $4 82H@4 95.
SHEEP AND LAMBS— Strong to 10c hUhfr;
good clearances. Native wethers. $4 90i@5 M):
lambe. $5«7 25; Western wethers, *o@i> 50:
Western lambs. $6<7?7 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 10 000; hogs, 33,000; sheep.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 13.— Clearings, $3«,
456; balances. $66,351.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 13.— There Is more
strength in the wheat market than there has
been since the turn of the year and 54@55c was
freely quoted for No. 11 Walla Walla to-day,
with valley nominally 53@53%c; bluestem. 560
67c.
Cleared— German ship Chile, for Queenstown,
with 123,383 bushels wheat.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week endintr to-day were 248,783 bushels.
"WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Feb. 15.—Wheat— Club. 55%0; blu»-
Btem, 57^40.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Feb. 15.— Consols, 100%: silver.
27V4d; French rentes, JOOf 62>£c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Standard Cal
ifornia. 300 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss 6d;
English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 15.— Wheat firm; wheat
in Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 5s 3-32 d.
CLOSING,
CORN— Future*, steady; February. *» *%d;
March. 3s B%d; May, 3s Ed.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; futures, quiet; March,
Es 10*tid; May, 5s 10% d; July. 5s 10% d.
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1900.
per dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold storage,
12H614C.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges are firm and in moderate supply.
Lemons and Limes show little change.
Watsonville Strawberries sold at 638 c per
chest.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLEB-3*3fioc per box for common. 75c«*l
for -rood to choice, and $1 2f.«?l 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50/S2 75
per box; Seedlings, 75cQ$l 50; Pomelos. 75cg>
2 E0; Lemons. Xli^l 50 for common and $2®2 50
for pood to choice; Mexican Limes. $5'»5 50: Cal
ifornia Limes, 25©D0e; Bananas. $1 25^2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 50(&4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4V4c for
40-50's. 4®4Vie for 50-60's. 3^o tor 60-70*8. 3%c
for 70-80's. 3c for 80-9(/s and 2=>ic for 90-100*8;
Apricots, ll@l3c for Royals. 12%@16c for Moor
parks and 12014 c for Blenheims; Peaches, 6HO
6c for Standards. 6%@6\c for choice and 7@Sc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10@12He; Evapo
rated Apples. 6@7c: Sun-dried, BftT.'Ac per lb:
Nectarines. B@9c; Pears. 3%@4%c for dark and
7<gBc for bright halves; Black Figs. 2@2V4c:
White Figs. 203 c: Bleached Plums. BS9c: Un
bleached Plums, 7@7Vic for pitted and l%c for
unpltted.
RAISINS — Blenched Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c: prime, 6e; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c: choice, T%c; standard. 6Hc;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
CO-lb boxes. sc: 2-crown, loose muscatels, s>£c:
3-crown, 6\4c: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS — Chestnuts. B@9c; Walnuts, B@9e for
standards and SK-JlCc for softshell; Almonds,
11%@12c for paper shell, 9JIlOc for soft and 4@
tc for hardohell: Peanuts. 6^186^0 for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%©80; Fil
berts, 12512'.j.c; Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
® 5-_5 -_
HONEY— Comb. HV4©l2c for bright and 10HQ
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted. 7ViS7Vso; dark. f>tt©
6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
Steady demand for goods at unchanged quo-
tatlons. *
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy, lOe for light medium, 110 for light. 32c
for extra light and 13V4c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13@13He; California
Hams, nominal; Mesa .Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13, Family. $14: extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6«£@7e per lb for
compound and 8c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
S%c- 10-lb tins. S^c: 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%©BV*o per lb; 10-lb
tins. 9%c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs ana brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
10V4@H%e; medium, 9V4@10%c: light. . S^c:
Cowhides, 9V4@lOV4c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9^@
lOftc: Calf. 9Vi<3lo%c: Dry Hides, sound, 18c;
culls and brands. 15@16c; Dry Kip and Veal,
17c; Dry Calf. 19@2fc; Sheepskins, yearlings, 20
@30c each: short Wool. 35® 60c each: medium.
7<Vg9Oc; long Wool, $10125 each; Horse Hides.
!2 75@3 for large and 75c@$l 25 for small; Colts,
tOc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb; No. 2.
4c: refined, 6%c; grease, 24@3c.
WOOL-
Fall clip. San Joaqutn plains. 9^loc; South
ern, 8@10c; Middle County, ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendocino. 17*?i20c: Eastern Oregon. 13@16c;
Valley Oregon, lS@2oc: Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 100
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7@lle per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— €\i@7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-7%©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8c: ewes, 7U©Bc per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 12«4@15c; yearlings, 9<310c
per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. B%c for small, 5%c for me
dium and S'iOi^c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, BVi@%c; dressed Hogs, TQShic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Cuentln Bags. $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 7®7ttc; Wool Bags. 2S®3oc
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle,
$7; Bryant, *7: Coos Bay. 15 50; Wallsend. J-8;
Co-operative Wallsend. %$: Scotcn. ; Cum
berland. {12 in bulk and $13 50 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Cannel. $11 per
ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, f>Hc; Pow
dered. 6Hc; Candy Granulated. 6*; c; Dry Gran
ulated. s'4c: Confectioners' A. 6V4c; Magnolia
A. 4*ic; Extra C, 4%c: Golden C. 4%c: barrels.
l-16c more: half-barrels, Uc more; boxes, Ho
more; EO-lb bags. He more. No orders taken
for less than 73 barrels or its equivalent
Domlnos. half-barrels, 5;« c; boxes, 6Vic per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15.
Flour, ar sks ... 13,434
Wheat, ctla 35
Barley, ctls 6.060
Outs, ctls 3.130
Cheese, ctls 155
liutter. ctls 4SO
Tallow, ctls 20
Potatoes, Bks 1.983
Onions, sks 40
Bran, sks 253
Middlings, sks .. 20
Shorts, ska 45
ISugar, sks 1,700
Lime, bbls : 273
Eggs, doz 13,599
Quicksilver, flsks 20
Leather, rolls ... 91
Wine, gals 56,700
Hides, no 344
Pelts, bdls 620
Wool, bags 30
Hops, bags 84
Straw, tons 33
Hay, tons 196
New York Grain and Produce.
minutes from Hongkong, from Yokohama 15
clays IS hours 55 minutes, and from Honolulu 5
daya 20 hours 36 minutes.
Nor stmr Titania. Egenes. 85 hours from
Nanalmo.
CLEARED.
Thursday. February 15.
Brig W O Irrrin. Williams. Honolulu; J D
Srreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Bonlta. NJcolson. San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. . _
9chr Ruby A Cousins. Wolton. Honolulu; C
P Grimwocd.
SAILED.
Thursday. February 15.
Eunr Queen. Jepsen. Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. .
Stmr Navarro. Jensen, Bower.s Landing.
Stmr Sunol, Green. Grays Harbor.
Stmr "Whltesboro, Olsen, .
Br shlt> Rajore. Garrioche, Queenstown.
Fr bark Cassard, Allaire, Queenstown.
Ger ship Columbia. Schutte. Queenstown.
Bark B P Cheney, Johnson, Port Townaead.
Schr Compeer. Larsen. Port Oamble.
Bktn Quickstep, Gruner. Tacoma.
Brig TV G. Irwln. "Williams. Honolulu.
Schr Archie and Fontle. Skipper. .
Schr Wing and "Wing. Olsen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. Bowens Landing.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. Blhler» Point.
Schr Ruby A Cousins. Walton. Honolulu.
Schr North Bend. Palmgren. Grays Harbor.
Schr Una. Harklns. Tacoma.
Schr Maria E Smith. Port Gamble.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 15. 19 p n>— Weather
clear; wind NW. velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Jan 23, no lat. lon 33 W— Fr bark Tagtai*
Fautrel, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Per stmr Contlc— Feb 9. 5 miles eastward o£
Makup&n Point, schr F S Redfleld. from Ta
coma. for Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— In port Feb 15— Chil
bark Temuco. from Port Blakeley, far Aalca.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Feb 15. lat 2:30 p m—
Br stmr Robert Adamson. from San Diero. for
Nanalmo. B C.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 15— Schr Queen,
for San Francisco.
HUENEME— SaiIed Feb 15— Schr Peerlea*. for
Port Blakeley.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 13— Br bark Alle
giance, from Nagasaki: Br bark Trongte. from
Seattle. Feb 14 — Br stmr St Irene, from Yo
kohama.
Sailed Feb 14— Bark Gatherer, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Umatilla. for San Francisco; stmr
Al-Ki. for Skajruay. Feb 15— Schr C H Mer
chant, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Willamette,
hence Feb 11.
Sailed Feb 13 — Stmr Humboldt. for Skaguay.
Feb 14 — Stmr Senator, for San Francisco; stair
Al-Kl, for Dyea; stmr Dlrleo. for Dyea.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office. XJ. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
February 15, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
!. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters 'at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The htgh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THE STOCK MARKET.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are. given In the- left
hand column and the successive, tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide, of
the 'lay. the third time column the third Ude
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, oil sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in' addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
-when a minus elgn (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
O IR. T 31, -AI.3STID
From Srwar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF ii L 2 / Irst 52? s IncludlsK Bert*
inliL $3 Second Class and .Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Feb. 17. 27, Mar. 9. U
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 22. March 4. 14. 24
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
€30 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*.
8
Sun rises 6:£9
Sun sets 5:50
Moon rises 8:02 p. m.
B Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? II W L. "W H W L W
IS ... o:f3 5.2 6:30 1.9 12:42 4.9 6:31; 1.0
17 ... 1:19 6.1 7:OS 1.7 1:23 4.6 7:00 1.4
18 ... 1:42 6.1 7:44 1.6 2:08 4.5 7:19 l.»
19 ... 2:08 6.2 5:29 1.3 3:04 4.0 6:04 2.2
20 ... 2:35 6.2 9:21 1.2 4:12 3.7 8:44 1.5
21 ... 3:10 6.2 10:22 1.1 5:30 5.6 »:$3 1.9
22 ... 3:55 6.2 11:2S 0.8 6:51 3.6 10:53 3.2
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
Pomona San Diego Feb. IS
Walla Walla .. Victoria & Pucet Sound Feb. It
Titanla Nanalmo Feb. It
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Feb. If
Orizaba Huinboldt Feb. 1«
Mackinaw Seattle Feb. 1«
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 1«
A. nianchard... Coos Bay Feb. IS
Pronrreao Tacoma Feb. 19
Tlllamook Tlllamook Bay Feb. 1«
San Pedro Humboldt |Feb. 18
Coptic China and Japan Feb. 17
Senator Seattle Feb. 17
E. Thompson... Oyster Harbor F«b. 17
Aberdeen Portland Feb. 17
Coos Bay Newport Feb. U
Empire Coos 8ay.... Feb. 18
State of Ca1.... Portland Feb. 1i
Peru Panama Feb. 19
Tellus Oyeter Harbor Feb. 19
Corona San Diego Feb. 20
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 20
Homer Portland Feb. 20
Umatllla iVlctorla & Puget SoundiFeb 21
"Willamette [Seattle IFeb. 21
Mat tea wan (Taeoma JFebl 21
Bonlta (Newport IFeb. 22
Point Arena... .! Point Arena \ Feb" V
North Fork Humboldt Feb] 23
Columbia Portland " Feb.* 24
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. Pier.
Bonlta San Pedro (Feb. 1« Jam Pier V
Aloha Crescent City. | Feb. 16, 4pm I Pier 2
Columbia ..(Portland .Feb. 17. toamVwli
CUy of Rio China £ Japan Feb. 17, Ipm PM3S
Pt. Arena. . lPolnt Arena. .l Feb. 17 Jpm Pier *
A. Blanch* <J Coos Bay Feb. 17. 6 pmlPier 13
Tillamook .. Tillamook Feb. 17. S pm'Pler 3
Pomona ... SanDleno Feb. 18. 11 amiPler 11
North Fork: Humboldt Feb. IS. 9 amPler 3
Orizaba ...Humboldt Feb. IS. I pmlPter 9
£^. of £ ara ,S? nania Feb - 19 » 12 m PMSS
Walla Wa, Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. ». 10 am Pier ¦»
Cock Bay... Newport Feb. 20. 9am P!er 11
Samoa Humboldt Feb. S>. 10 am Pier 13
Aberdeen .. Pujcet Sound.. Feb. 20. 6pm Pier *
Alameda ... Sydney Feb. SI. Bpm Pier :
State of Cat Portland Feb. 22. |f> am Pier :?
Corona San Die R 0..... Feb. 22. UamlPteril
H °nier Oregon Ports. Feb. 22. lOamlPlwH
Arcata Coos Bay |Feb. 22. 10am|Ple--13
Sun rises 6:£9
Sun sets 5:50
Moon rises 8:02 p. m.
B Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? II W L. "W H W L W
IS ... o:f3 5.2 6:30 1.9 12:42 4.9 6:31; 1.0
17 ... 1:19 6.1 7:OS 1.7 1:23 4.6 7:00 1.4
18 ... 1:42 6.1 7:44 1.6 2:08 4.5 7:19 l.»
19 ... 2:08 6.2 5:29 1.3 3:04 4.0 6:04 2.2
20 ... 2:35 6.2 9:21 1.2 4:12 3.7 8:44 1.5
21 ... 3:10 6.2 10:22 1.1 5:30 5.6 »:$3 1.9
22 ... 3:55 6.2 11:2S 0.8 6:51 3.6 10:53 3.2
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
Pomona San Diego Feb. IS
Walla Walla .. Victoria & Pucet Sound Feb. It
Titanla Nanalmo Feb. It
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Feb. If
Orizaba Huinboldt Feb. 1«
Mackinaw Seattle Feb. 1«
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 1«
A. nianchard... Coos Bay Feb. IS
Pronrreao Tacoma Feb. 19
Tlllamook Tlllamook Bay Feb. 1«
San Pedro Humboldt |Feb. 18
Coptic China and Japan Feb. 17
Senator Seattle Feb. 17
E. Thompson... Oyster Harbor F«b. 17
Aberdeen Portland Feb. 17
Coos Bay Newport Feb. U
Empire Coos 8ay.... Feb. 18
State of Ca1.... Portland Feb. 1i
Peru Panama Feb. 19
Tellus Oyeter Harbor Feb. 19
Corona San Diego Feb. 20
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 20
Homer Portland Feb. 20
Umatllla iVlctorla & Puget SoundiFeb 21
"Willamette [Seattle IFeb. 21
Mat tea wan (Taeoma JFebl 21
Bonlta (Newport IFeb. 22
Point Arena... .! Point Arena \ Feb" V
North Fork Humboldt Feb] 23
Columbia Portland " Feb.* 24
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. Pier.
Bonlta San Pedro (Feb. 1« Jam Pier V
Aloha Crescent City. | Feb. 16, 4pm I Pier 2
Columbia ..(Portland .Feb. 17. toamVwli
CUy of Rio China £ Japan Feb. 17, Ipm PM3S
Pt. Arena. . lPolnt Arena. .l Feb. 17 Jpm Pier *
A. Blanch* <J Coos Bay Feb. 17. 6 pmlPier 13
Tillamook .. Tillamook Feb. 17. S pm'Pler 3
Pomona ... SanDleno Feb. 18. 11 amiPler 11
North Fork: Humboldt Feb. IS. 9 amPler 3
Orizaba ...Humboldt Feb. IS. I pmlPter 9
£^. of £ ara ,S? nania Feb - 19 » 12 m PMSS
Walla Wa, Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. ». 10 am Pier ¦»
Cock Bay... Newport Feb. 20. 9am P!er 11
Samoa Humboldt Feb. S>. 10 am Pier 13
Aberdeen .. Pujcet Sound.. Feb. 20. 6pm Pier *
Alameda ... Sydney Feb. SI. Bpm Pier :
State of Cat Portland Feb. 22. |f> am Pier :?
Corona San Die R 0..... Feb. 22. UamlPteril
H °nier Oregon Ports. Feb. 22. lOamlPlwH
Arcata Coos Bay |Feb. 22. 10am|Ple--13Exempt Firemen's Ball.
OAKLAND. Feb. 15.— The fifth annual
eodal of the Exempt Firemen s Associa
tion of Oakland will be held Saturday
evening. February 21. at Loring Hall,
Eleventh and Clay etre«ts."
Divorce Proceedings.
OAKLAND. Feb. 15— In the suit of Ida
Dcrapsey for divorce from Jamea C.
r>ero;.soy default of defendant has been
entered The divorce *uit of J««s!e Mill*
ag*ir.*t Benjamin F. Mills has been con
tinued for a week to allow the introduc
tion cf the testimony of a son, who ia
out of the cltv.
Perez Held to Answer.
Thomas N. Perez, the mailing clerk who
was detected by Postofflce Inspector Er
wln last Wednesday stealng money and
bills from letters, waived examination
yesterday when brought before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock and
was held to answer before the Federal
Grand Jury.
New Improvement Association.
The Improvement Association, plans
for the rehabilitation of which were re
cently formulated, will meet this even
ing to perfect the organization. George
R. Fletcher is the leading spirit tn the
affair and among those who are asso
ciated with him are C. D. Salfleld, H. L.
Ladd. R. R. Russ, Grattaii Phillips. D. W.
Tietjen. L. A. Rea, J. M. Wllklns. S. B.
Dalzlel, Daniel Hannah, Joseph Scheerer,
Henry Williams, John Rafferty, Richard
Keller, Timothy Treacy. C. W. Pope and
I. Schwartz. The object of the associa
tion Is the improvement and betterment
of the city, which it proposes to accom
plish by agitating all matters calculated
for the public good.
| lead was secured with great difficulty and
j after several attempts rolled to the right
j thickness to be applied to the face.
Exposures at first were made . three
j times on every other day and for fifteen
> minutes each time. These exposures were
; varied in accordance with the progress
j made in killing the growth.
No pain was felt, according to Dr. Self
ridge, but the effect of the ray waa Buch
as to produce a peculiar sensation, hard
to express In words. The spreading of the
cancer stopped after the first exposure
and in a ehort time new tissue began to
form, the edgres of the wound made by
Incisions of the scalpel becoming clean
and smooth. All traces of the cancer have
now disappeared, but the skin and tissue
In the region of the cancer axe delicate
and sensitive and the exposures are being
continued.
Dr. Selfridgre. with true medical caution,
declares that he is not willing to claim
a complete cure until this sensitiveness
chall have disappeared.
"I will not assert a cure until all pos
sibility of relapse is past." said Dr. Self
ridge, "but there is every Indication that
the progress of the cancerous growth has
been arrested and its virulent principle
destroyed, while the -wound Is almost
healed. Pain has entirely ceased and I
now enjoy a sleep at night that I have
been a stranger to for years."
Dr. Selfridge's brother medicos, without
regard to the school of medicine of which
they may be disciples, regard the cure
as an accomplished fact. The news has
become disseminated in San Francisco
and Dr. Selfrldge is in dally receipt of
letters and dispatches congratulating him
on his release from the grip of the dread
disease.
honeymoon trip Mr. and Mrs.
Schaeffer will reside In Alameda.
where the groom Is In business
with his father. G. Scbaeffer.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 15.— One of
the prettiest church wed
dings of the season was that
of Miss Johanna Kuhlke and
Albert C. Schaeffer. which took
place last evening at the First
German Evangelical Lutheran
Church of this city, Rev. Mr.
Haserodt officiating.
The Interior of the church was
prettily decorated, and the bride,
who Is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
John H. Kuhlke, among the oldest
residents of the city, wore a gown
of white silk. Misses Amelia
Schneider and Lena Schaeffer were
the bridesmaids. Miss Llllle Heit
man was the maid of honor and
Gustave Schaeffer acted as best
man. The ushers were E. Jacobsea
and Alf Reinecker. The church
was crowded.
After the ceremony a wedding
supper was served at the home of
the bride's parents, 533 Central
avenue. On the return from their
TO SPEAK AT
NEW ORLEANS
EDITOR T. G. DANIELLS.
<jn? LAMEDA, Feb. 15.— T. O.
//\\ Daniells. editor of the Ala
ll — i\meda Argus, enjoys the fiat
terlng distinction of being
the only Callfornian who will read
• a paper before the Xatlonal Edl-.
torial Association, which meets at
New Orleans on March 1. Mr.
Daniells, although not a member
of the association, has received the
• invitation from President Henry
to attend the session and deliver
. ¦ an address, and the invitation was
accepted.
Editor Daniells. accompanied by
' his daughter. Miss Lulu Daniells,
will depart on Friday for the East
. and South. They go direct to St.
Louis and there Join an excursion
of the National Educational Asso
ciation, which stops for a few
hours each at Memphis. Vlcksburg,
Jackson and Baton Rouge, arriv
ing at New Orleans on the morn-
Ing of the day that the Mardl
Gras festivities are inaugurated.
Dr. G. P. Reynolds and daughter,
Miss Grace Reynolds, go with
them to St. Louis, rejoining them
at New Orleans: After a sojourn
In that city the Callfornlans ex
pect to Journey to Havana.
MRS. DICKA COOL
WARD PETITIONS
FOR A DIVORCE
Sequel to Sensational
Elopement.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb.' 15.
Mrs. Dicka Cool Ward Is trying to se
cure a separation from Alan H. Ward of
Alameda and another romance of a se
cret marriage has been wrecked on the
rocks of the divorce court.
The wedding of Alan H. Ward and Miss
Dicka Cool startled the social circles of*
Oakland and Alarneda last Thanksgiving.
Miss Cool is the daughter of Russell H.
Cool, one of the begt known club men
and dentists in Osh".and and San Fran
cisco. She Is a beantv and waa one of
the belles of the younger set In Oakland.
Alan H. Ward is one of the swagger
young men of Alameda and the son of a
wealthy mining engineer.
Last Thanksgiving Alan Ward and Miss
Dicka Cool surprised everybody by slip
ping quietly over to San Rafael, where
they were made husband and wife in due'
form. But love was not to last long-.
Immediately after the ceremony they
separated, returning to their own homes,
and they ha'ye only seen each other a
very few times since the marriage.
A few days ago Mrs. Ward filed her
suit for a divorce and to-day Ward re
plied. The wife's complaint alleges
faithlessness on the part of her husband
and the latter's answer Is a general de
nial.
MRS. DARNEAL
SHOWS SIGNS
OF RELENTING
»
Daughter's Marriage
Postponed.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 15.— The wedding o!
Alan Bowen and Miss Susie Darneal, the
announcement of whose engagement cre
ated such a furor in Alameda society last
week, will not take place on the 19th lust.
as planned. Mr. Bowen is authority for
the statement that it has been postponed
until the 10th of March to please Mrs.
Darneal, though the parental objections
to the match have not by any means been
removed.
The Bowen-Darneal engagement has
been the subject of much talk in society,
particularly on account of the opposition
of Mrs. Darneal to Mr. Bowen. The
mother thought her daughter should look
much higher, and was emphatic in her as
sertions that she should never marry him
with her consent. She had nothing espe
cial against the young man except that
she thought him rather gay and not alto
gether impressed with the responsibilities
of married life. The fact that youn?
Bowen is a member of the wholesale firm
of Wetmore, Bowen & Co. and tha' it
deals in wines was also held against him.
But the objections of her mother diJ not
.•hake the determination of Miss Darneal
to wed the man she had selected &•$ her
ideal. All arguments fell upon deaf car*.
The j-oung couple decided that they would
be married on the 19th of February, and
that unless opposition was removed the
vows would be exchanged at the Bowen
family residence, corner of Union street
and Clinton avenue.
Now Mrs. Darneal has relented some
what in her hostility to the match, fc'he
has become Impressed with the futility of
further objections and has agreed to as
sist her daughter in the preparation of her
trousseau. More than that she will not
do. The wedding will not be performed at
the bride's residence. Mrs. Darneal may
even refuse to attend when It takes place,
at the Unitarian Church on March 10, at
11 o'clock. Where the reception will be
held is a question.
COAST CUTTLE
MEN TO MEET
IN THIS CITY
Move to Have Grazing
Land Leased.
A meeting of the cattle men of Califor
nia, Washington, Oregon, Montana, Utah,
Nevada and Arizona will be held in this
city on March 5 for the purpose of taking
steps to secure the passage of the Foster
bill now pending before Congress. -This
bill provides for the delimitation and leas
ing of the grazing lands on the public do
main to stockmen for terms of ten years,
with the right of renewals, thus giving
the cattlemen the control of his range
for a number of years. A circular letter
of invitation will to-day be sent to all
stockmen in the territory indicated.
Among other things the circular says:
"Mr. Wilson, the Secretary of Agricul
ture, has personally visited and Inspected
the grazing regions west of the ninety
ninth meridian and has noted the rapid
exhaustion of their forage, due to the lack
of lawful. protection thereof, and to their
being commons. Tho Secretary foresees
the approaching end of the grazing busi
ness and a vital blow at the country's
beef supply unless the ranges are put un
der such possession and control as will
give stockmen an interest In the renewal
of their grasses by making a profit there
in. The biil is favored by both the Secre
tary of Agriculture and the Secretary of
the Interior."
It is expected, so the circular says, that
in ten years the ranges may be restored to
their original primitive condition of pro
ductiveness in forage and that the" beef
food supply will then keep pace with the
Increase In population, and the Govern
ment will have in the restored ranges a
very valuable property. To effect this the
Agricultural Department has secured the
Introduction of a bill by Senator Foster of
Washington. The substance of the original
bill has already been published in The
Call, but since then two amendments have
been offered. One excepts lrrigrable home
steads and mineral lands and the other
provides as follows:
"And there shall be a preferential policy
in leasing toward the actual owners of
stnek occupying the ranges."
The bill as it now stands Is printed in
the circular letter, which declares that
"This meeting will be for the purpose of
'organizing to aid the Agriculture and In
terior departments in securing the pass
age of the above bill, to the end that law
ful possession, under a leasehold, of the
stock rar.pes may replace the lawless oc
cupancy which has not only rapidly ex
ha,usted the forage, but has invested graz
ing with risk and uncertainty that should
not shadow a business that is expected
not only to furnish the domestic tK>ef food
supply, but al^o a very important surplus
for export. But the departments must
have your help and cannot do without it."
The letter or invitation was written and
eigr.ed by Colonel John P. Irish.
State Conventions Called.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 15.— The Repub
lican State Central Committee to-day Is
¦ued a call for the State Convention to
meet In this city April 12. The Democratic
State Convention is called to meet la
Pcrtlacd on the same date.
BLUNDERING BURGLARS.
Wrecked a Store While Blowing
Open the Safe.
Special Dispatch to The CalU
VALLEJO. Feb. 15.— The grocery store
of Power & Fleming was visited by eafe
crackers some time last night.
The men were evidently green at the
business for the charge they used was
so large that the store was wrecked, the
principal damage being the breaking of
a large plate-glass window. Eighty dol
lars in coin was secured by the thieves.
Adelbert Birch Drops Dead.
BERKELEY. Feb. is— Adelbert Birch,
an en?in"< > r, aged Z& years, dropped dead
Jn a ehfed back of his hous« at the corner
cf Beccnd and Addteon etreets last nipnt.
He has been Buffering frora rheumatism
for Borne time and It Is thought that It
affected his heart.
Testimonial to Mrs. Van Pelt.
OAKLAND. Feb. 15.— Mrs Ada \an
Pelt of the Red Cross Society has received
& testimonial of appreciation from tne
First Tennessee Regiment, whose mem
ben were cared for by the society when
they were encarapd at the Presidio, me
testimonial Is a white leather and velvet
cs.p« containing »et» of gold and silver
epoons. knives and forks.
WORK OF THE HOUSE.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 15.— The House to
day completed twenty-six'of the 124 pages
of the executive, legislative and Judicial
appropriation bill without amendment.
During the general debate, which closed
at 4 o'clock, a variety of topics were
touched upon. Boutelle of Illinois, Meiers
of Indiana and Showalter of Pennsylvania
discussed the Philippine question; Gros
venor of Ohio and Gillette of Massachu
setts civil service reforms; Drigrgs of New
York pensions and Underwood of Ala
bama his resolution to repeal the fifteenth
amendment to the constitution. The legis
lative bill probably will be passed to
morrow. :.jy.y:;-i'J. ; :;
New Court of Foresters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 15.— Court Grafton
No. 169, Foresters of America, was or
ganized at Knights Landing Wednesday
evening with a charter membership of
thirty-seven. The charter roll will be.ln
creased by ten or twelve at the next
meeting as quite a number who had ex
pressed a willingness to Join were un
avoidably absent at the first meeting.
The court was organized by' James Heel
ine P. G. C.R. John Heanen. g, s. w.,
was the installing officer.
Probably Kept His Word.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 15.— G. Solineff
left this city some time ago and after
reaching San Francisco wrote a letter, in
which he said that he intended to com
mit suicide. To-day Uriah Citron of this
city applied for letters of administration
on the estate of Solineff. who has neve.
been heard of since the letter arrived. He
has a child living here. The estate ia
small.
Will Improve the Service.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, Feb. 15.— There is a nxos
pect of a revision of the time-table as
a result of which Woodland passengers
and mail will reach San Francisco at least
two hcurs earlier than under the present
schedule. The change will be a great con
venience to people of the Sacramento Val
ley.
Died of Natural Causes.
Morgue Surgeon Leland made an autop
sy yesterday upon the body of Clemens
Schnabel, who was found dead In bed la-st
Tuesday morning, and found that tubercu
losis was the cause of death. It had been
reported that Schnabel had commljtcd
suicide by turning on the gas, but inves
tigation showed that the report was un
founded.
RULE AS TO FOOTBALL
COACHES IS AMENDED
University of California Athletic
Commute* Makes Changes in
the Recent Intercollegiate
Aareement.
BERKELEY, Feb. 15.— The students'
athletic committee hit the recent lntercol
>giate agreement another blow at a
rreetir.gr held to-night. It was decided to
rhang* several more provisions of the
'.ompact The clause which provided that
tficf the eeason of 1500 the football coach
must be a graduate of the Uni\-ersity of
California, or must have attended It for
four full years, was altete-i. Under the
uaeadment a student is eligible to be
.ome a. coach after attentJli.ff for two full
«ar«. The coach sha.ll r*ce:ve no yearly
salary, but is to be paid all expenses and
be remunerated for his service* while
actually employed.
6ub-coaches may be pelected from mem
bers of the student body who have been
*=uch for one full year. The selection of
th* coach was left to the president of the
Associated Students, the captain and the
sz&r.iLger cf the team. ¦ '¦
A communication from the University of
Minnesota was read at the mating, ask
ing the managers of the Berkeley eleven
to recommend a coach to handle the foot
ball team of that college for the coming
SUNOL CHANGES OWNERS.
At the Sale Maud S Is Exhibited and
Loudly Cheered.
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— The crowd that
thronged Madison-square Garden about
the time the Bonner horses were to be put
on sale was enormous. Before Elfrida.
the first of the consignment, was brought
out the band struck up "Auld Lang
Syne," and Maud 6, the turf queen, was
cent around the track on exhibition. She
was greeted with cheers and the big
crowa stood up In their seats and waved
their hats and handkerchiefs in the air.
Pray Tell was the lirst of the consigm
meit to be cold. The bidding was rapid,
but at no time exciting. He was started
at $1000 and raised by thousands to $SGX>.
The bids from then until the selling price,
$6100, was reached climbed by hundreds.
When Robert Bonner purchased Pray Tell
he paid JSIOO for him. The bidding on Su
nol was slower than that on the g-eldlng.
Two thousand five hundred was bid, and
she stood at that figure for some time. It
was finally raised to $3900 by degrees and
another balk came. Mr. Shults then bid
the even $40jO and got the mare. She cost
Robert Bonner $41,000. The best sales of
the Bonner conEignment were:
Elfrida, b. m.. is3o, 2;UV». by Candidate-
Gladness, John H. Shults, New York,
$1600.
Don L. br. g., ISM, 2:12',i. W. A. H. Coin
stock, Providence, R. 1., $1003.
Pray Tell, eh. g.. 1532, 2MK. by Axtell-
Jean Look. Emerson E. McCargo, Phila
delphia. J«100.
Prince Ansel, eh. h., trial 2:15*4, IS3I, by
Ansel-Daisy Darlinprton, J. W. Daly.
Mount Klsco, N. V., $1250.
Maud C, blk. m.. I&S9. 2:lo^i. by Bynder
ton-Nita, Herrlngton, N. V., $2000.
Sunol. b. m., ISSS, 2:oS'i to high-wheel
fulky, by Electioneer- Waxana,. John H.
Shults. New York, J4OOO.
Harold 6, b. c, 1597, by Star Kirk-Rus
sella, Herbert Gray, Boston, $1150.
Ball Association Fails.
CHICAGO, Feb. 15.-Presldent Anson
of the American Baseball Association,
which was formed here Tuesday, de
clared to-night that the new organization
Was a failure and would be disbanded.
This statement was made by Mr. An
eon after word had come from Philadel
phia that the necessary money to guar
antee the permanency of a Philadelphia
club could not be secured. Mr. Graw also
t«lepraphed from Baltimore that he
would withdraw.
Will Advertise Yolo.
Epecial Dispatch to -The Call
WOODLAND, Feb. 15.— The Chamber of
Commerce held another large meeting
Wednesday night. Plans have about been,
perfected for publishing statistics in re
lation to the resources and advantages of
Yolo County, and otherwise giving pub
licity to the Inducements offered to home
seekers. 1 • ; . .v •
Agreement With Packers.
SAX JOSE. Feb. 13.— The executive com
mittee of the Cured Fruit Association and
the committee appointed by the Packers"
Association net this afternoon and agreed
upon a contract for all deciduous fruits
other than prunes. The contract will be
submitted to \ the packers' convention
called for Saturday next.
Married in the Auditor's Office.
The ceaseless monotony of the Auditor's
office was relieved yesterday by a mar
riage ceremony, In which Daniel Smith of
MERELY THE RESULT OF
A LITTLE CONVIVIALITY
Wife of a Grants Pass Mining Man
Whose Actions Are Causing
Comment.
The story which was circulated yester
day morning concerning the robbery of
Mrs. J. R. Harvey of Chicago, a guest at
the Palace Hotel, proves on Investigation
to have been a literal pipe dream. Mrs.
Harvey arrived at the hostelry Wednes
day with her ten-year-old son and regis
tered from Chicago. Mrs. Harvey does
not come from that city. She Is the wife
of J. R. Harvey of Grants Pasa, Or., and
has evidently come to this city to escape
from trouble, domestic or otherwise, and
gave her address as Chicago for the pur
pose of escaping identification.
Upon her arrival It was noticed that
she acted as though under the influence
of some drug and her behavior was such
as to cause those with whom she cams
in contact to Imagine she was suffering
from the effects of a prolonged debauch.
In the evening she attended the perform
ance at the Columbia. Where she went
after the theater closed is not known,
but late in the night Bhe was observed
wandering about Market street as though
half stupefied. J. Oppenhelmer, a local
advertising agent, noticing her condition,
approached her and ascertaining that she
lived at the Palace called a cab and took
her there.
On alighting from the cab Oppenhelmer
felt something drop into his pocket. He
took no notice or It at the time, but
after he had seen his charge placed In
the proper hands he investigated and
found a -diamond ring with about fifteen
stones set in a cluster in his pocket. At
the same time he discovered that his own
scarf pin was missing.
Yesterday morning Oppenhelmer called
on Mrs. Harvey and returned her ring,
asking her at the same time if she knew
what had become of his pin. She said
that it must have dropped out of his
scarf when he was helping her the night
before and she gave him an order for $29
to comfort him for his loss. Oppenheimer
cashed the order at the hotel office and
went his way rejoicing.
When an attempt was made yesterday
to interview Mrs. Harvey word was sent
down that she could not be seen as she
was upset and under the care of a phy
sician. From other sources, however, it
was learned that the woman Is addicted
both to the use of liquor and drugs and
that her present Indisposition is me re
sult of a too liberal Indulgence in absinthe
or some other like liquor.
If the gossip that is floating round is to
be believed Mrs. Harvey's actions at the
Columlffa were unconventional to the
verge of eccentricity. It Is said that she
occupied a box at the performance, and
her actions there were $>uiflclently out of
the commonplace to distract the atten
tion of the audience from the stage. The
climax was reached, so say . these same
gossips, when the bibulous lady attempted
to climb out of the box on to the stage
bo that her ability as an entertainer
should have wider scope.
Patrick Connell Had Heart Disease.
Morgue Surgeon Leland testified before
the Coroner's Jury yesterday that the
autopsy on the body of Patrick Connell,
who was found drowned last Monday
morning in a lime barrel, revealed the
fact that the heart of the dead man had
become enlarged to nearly four times its
normal size by disease, and that he was
likely to have fallen dead at any mo
ment.
It is supoosed that, feeling a fainting
fit coming on, the deceased sat on the
edge of the barrel, and becoming un
conscious fell into it and was drowned.
The Jury rendered a verdict of death by
asphyxiation. ' '
Swindled Her Lover.
Mrs. Martha Browhard. who Is accuser!
of swindling James Leeper out of lid)
on the Dromlse that she would marry
him. was instructed and arraigned in.
Judge Conlan's court yesterday on tho
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses.
At the request of her attorney the case
was continued for a week, as a number
of witnesses had to be brought from Am
ador County. Another man was in court
who said Mrs. Browhard had in the same
way swindled him out of $1000, but he re
fused to give hi 3 name or swear out a
warrant for her arrest.
Franklin's Squaw Compromises.
The contest of the will of the late Julius
L. Franklin, instituted by his Indian
wife, a member of tha Chinook tribe, will,
it 19 paid, soon be dismissed, as a com
premise has been effected with the Indian
weman, and she will receive J23.0C). Al
though Franklin's Indian wife has com
promised for the sum named, her three
children by the deceased. Benjamin L..
Mary and Lena, who were cut off with JiX)
each by Franklin, may demand a larger
share of h!s fortune before tho estate ia
ready for final distribution.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Feb. 15.
*jp^ FTER suffering from career cf the
' '\ face for twenty-five years Dr. J.
JJ M. Selfridpe. the founder of Fab
ioia Hospital, has been almost com
pletely cured by the X-ray. This first
epecific instance in which the malignant
growth that has long b*en the bane of
the radical profession has been arrested
without the use of the scalpel will not
only lift a heavy load off the mind of
the afflicted physician and be a cause of
rejoicing among his numerous friends,
but wi!l be of Immense Interest to the
ecirntiSc world.
The origin of Dr. Self ridge's cancer was
cenoted by a snia!l pimple the sire of a
;ea. which appeared at the base of the
r.os«. It was operated upon three times,
bat the root of the growth was not
reached in any of the operations and be
fore the wound had healed the cancer had
.-rain made lt« appearance. It finally ate
IXI way into the face and the lower part
cf the noße was destroyed.
la last October Dr. S^lfridg-e began «
rcrimer.tlKg with the X-ray in conjunc
tion with his son. Dr. C. M. Selfrldge.
and Dr. N\ H. Chamberlain. They knew
that the ray produced by the Crookes
tube caused a wound up<,n the healthy
dt-rmls. or true skin, which healed very
¦lowly. ar.<3 that It wou.u change the
color and destroy the growth of hair. In
'¦r<2«-r to prevent injury to the face they
used a lead mask, as this metal is the
\(&st responsive to the influence of the
ray of any known substance. The pure
Civil Service Suggestions.
Secretary Moran of the Civil Service
Commission is In receipt of two commu
nications from John R. Proctor, presi
dent of the United States 'Civil Service
Commission, and Chief Examiner A. R.
Serven, covering various points relative
to civil service examinations. In his let
ter Mr. Proctor states that the best
method of determining the relative effi
ciency of employes is still an unsolved
problem, and he gives as the opinion of
the commission with which he is con
nected that, other things being equal,
seniority or Jenßth of service should gov
ern in promotions. Mr. Serven urges that
the examinations be made of such a char
acter as to receive the indorsement of
practical business men.
Alleged Swindlers on Trial.
Ex-School Director Thomas A. Burns.
John J. O'Brien, carpenter, and Ed D.
Swift, lumber man, under indictment by
the Grand Jury for felony for defrauding
the city on lumber contracts, appeared
for trial before Judge Cook yesterday.
The defendants were represented by At
torneys T. D. Riordan, A. L. Hart and J.
Samuels. The work of selecting a Jury
was taken up, and W. Greenebaum. A. S.
Lowrdcs, F. L. Gentz. John Huber. R. c.
de Boom and Jonas Schonfeld were ac
cepted. The Jury will be completed this
morr.lng.
Skating has been taken up with un
usual-zest this winter' by that portion of
the community of New Tcrk generally
referred to as "society."
ADDITIONAL TROOPS
TO GO TO ALASKA
Companies Will .Be Sent to the Forts
Fully Equipped for Arctic
Service.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— Arrangements
are making at the War Department for
the establishment of additional garrisons
and troops in the new military depart
ment of Alaska, General G. M. Randall
commanding. Orders were issued to-day
making the following assignments of
troops to the new department:
Company A, Seventh Infantry, now in
the Department of Dakota, ia transferred
to the Department of Alaska, with station
at Fort St. Michael. Companies B, I and
X, Seventh Infantry, now in the Depart
ment of. the East, have also been trans
ferred to the Department of Alaska, with
station at Fort St. Michael. Company G,
Seventh Infantry, now in the Department
of the Lakes, ha-s been transferred to the
Department of Alaska, with station at
Port Valdez. The last named company
will be sent to Seattle when fully equipped
for Arctic service, and with a full com
plement of officers and enlisted men ready
to embark for Port Valdez not later than
May 1 next.
The company designated for station at
Fort St. Michael also will be sent to Se
attle fully equipped for Arctic service and
with full complement of officers and en»
listed men ready to embark for the north
not later than June 1 next.
Majors F. M. 11. Kendrick and John Van
Orsdale, Seventh Infantry, have been or
dered to accompany these troops.
EDITOR PENNINGTON DEAD.
Passed Away at the Sisters Hospital
in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 15.— John L. Pen
nlngton died at the Sisters' Hospital in
this city of cerebral ' meningitis at 3
o'clock this morning;. He was a well
known newspaper man and a member of
one of the most prominent families in the
South.
Mr. Pennington's father served for two
terms as Governor of Dakota Territory
under General Grant and was at one
time a member of the Alabama Legisla
ture.
J. L. Pennington was born in Opelika,
Ala.. July 8. ISC7. He was educated in
Karibault, Minn. He began hia news
paper career in St. Paul and Minneapolis
and then went to Omaha to accept a
position on the Omaha Bee. While there
he married, June 1, ISS9, Miss Anna Brad
bury, daughter of Dr. C. C. Bradbury,
now of St. Louis.
Going South, Mr. Pennlngton was suc
cessively city editor of the Atlanta Her
ald, assistant city editor of the Atlanta
Journal, city editor of the Savannah Tele
pram, and managing editor of the Macon
News. He went to New York and after
a two-years' stay there came west and
became managing editor of the Denver
Republican. He came to this city six
weeks ago for his health.
Death of Mrs. Sinex.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 15.-Mra. M. E.
Sinex, widow of the late prominent Meth
odist divine. Dr. Thomas H. Slnex, died
at her home In this city last nleht after a
brief Illness. She had . been in delicate
health for a number of years and durine
the past year had grown worse, finally
succumbing to the dropsical affection
which was the Immediate cause of her
death. She was In her seventy-fourtn
year at the time of her death.
I HOME STUDY COURSE. X
X HI.— EECENT SCIENTIFIC -f
? DISCOVERIES. ?
+ Published Wednesdays In The
+ San Francisco Call. Begin- •*•
+ nirig Wednesday, February T
?; 21, 1900. X
O-M-M-+ ?+ +±4-+4- 4- 4- <M-+4~M~f O
•?• The world has been startled dur- ~+
4~ Ing the last few months with «ome >
+ remarkable scientific discoveries ¦?•
"*" known to the public as "Wireless
"*" Telegraphy." "Color Photogra- T
"*¦ phy," "Liquid Air," etc These
4" ¦wtll be presented In a popular way X
"?" by Professor William J. Hopkins -+¦
4~ of Drexel Institute. Among the -f
+ subjects to be discussed in this sa- -fries
+ ries ara the following: +
4- l Wireless Telegraphy. +
"?" 2. High Speed Telegraph Systems, -f
4- z. Pnotography in Colors. +
+ 4. Liquid Air.
4- . 6. Dark Lightning.
•?• 6. Moving Pictures. +
T 7. Process Engraving. ,
£ 8. Submarine Boats.
T 9. The New Gases. ,
X- And others which are especially +
¦?¦ interesting either because of nov- .*.
+ elty or because of practical use- '¦+
4- fulness, ; 4-
#??+??? ???+?+??+? ? <m~m-# ;
I Sebastopol and Miss MInnJ« Dohn of San
ta Rosa were the contracting parties. Tha
father of the bride. George E. Dohn, Is a
prominent resident of Santa Rosa and a
close friend of Auditor Wells, and he en
listed the latter's assistance to brtrff
about the happy consummation of a love,
romance. Mr. Wells chaperoned the party
to "Cupid" Danforth's sanctum, where the
necessary legal sanction was obtain**!
Justice Kerrigan happened along oppor
tunely and he was pressed into service
to tie the nuptial knot after an adjourn
ment had been taken to the Auditor's pri
vate office. The happy couple will spend a
lew days In thla city and will then return
to Sebastopol, where the groom Is engaged
in business.
TALENT ENLISTED
IN A GOOD CAUSE
CO-OPEHATTVE HOME FOR WO
MEN THE BENEFICTABY.
Plans for Afternoon and Evening En
tertainment — Gifted Artists
Listed for the Occasion.
A movement is on foot for a grand aft
ernoon and evening entertainment to be
given at Golden Gate Hall on March 13 for
the benefit of the Co-operative Home for
Women. This home has been in success
ful operation under the guidance of Rev.
Dr. John A. B. Wilson of Howard-street
Methodist Episcopal Church for two years
past and has proved a great success. An
effort is to be made to extend its features
and its boundaries to larger and better
quarters.
The object of the home is to provide for
celf-respectlng, self-supporting, small
salaried young women a comfortable
boarding place at a minimum cost— a home
which shall be their own in every sense
of the word and as near the home their
parents created for them as it is possible
to make It.
Entirely devoid of restrictions that sur
round charities in general, it is not an in
stitution for money-making or money
getting, but simply a girls' home, where
board can be had at $2 50 ncr week, wl'.h
out regard to creed or conditions.
The ladles and gentlemen who are In
terested In arranging the programme are;
James W. Erwln, Dr. H. F. Wilson, J. 3.
Dodge. W. W. McChesney, George E.
Crothers. W. R- Whittier. Mrs. N. H.
Blinn, Mrs. Amelia Truesdal, Mrs. S. Liv
ingston, Mrs. Stanton and Mrs. Laura
Marsh.
Through the kindness of Mrs. Krellng 1
of the Tivoll Opera-house the following
members of the opera company will take
part: Miss Frances Graham, Mias Julia
Cotte. Miss Ida Wyatt, Tom Green and
Ferris Hartman. There will be contribu
tions of talent from the Bohemian and
Olympic clubs. Lester Herrlck. Pete
Slcan. Billy Hynes, Frark Thompson, Ed
par Sagar. Ben Tarbox. Mrs. Birmingham,
Miss Flora Bollinger and Dr. Thomas Hill
and other artists will minister to the de
light cf the audience.
GOLD-SEEKING WIFE
DESERTS HER HUSBAND
OAKLAND. Feb. 13.— John Oscar Ar
nett has sued his wife, who is somewhere
In the gold fields of Alaska, for divorce.
Arnett and his wife went north to hunt
for sold two years ago, and at Dawson
their troubles began. The husband se
cured employment as a carpenter at good
wages at Dyea, but declined to stay there
and went to Dawson. Mrs. .Arnett re
fused to Btay there and returned to Dyea.
Her husband would not follow and they
have not seen each other since.
Several months ago Arnett came to Oak
land, and jas he cannot learn anything
about his wife he has now brought suit
for divorce.
After Twenty-five Years of Suffering the
Founder of Fabiola Hospital
liaS nGCOV6rGQt
PRETTY CHURCH WEDDING
CELEBRATED IN ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY. 16. 1900.
X RAY CURED DR. J. M.
SELFRIDGE OF CANCER
Wonderful Application of the
Weird Light
J. M. SELFRIDGE, M. D., WHO HAS BEEN CURED OF CANCER BY
THE USE OF THE X RAY.
/~fB~B~innf~6 o o o 0~0 d <TolTol>~b BlTinniU B~Jfo~o'Vo a o a o o o o~o~o~o~o"tfmr<ftftt tf"JP\
In Next Sunday s Call, j
£ FEBRUARY 18. 1900. 3
X> Cd
£ 1 3
% the man m\nru the man z
c "7 — btUKbt —r- \
f WASHINGTON $ f
. I The Story of the Men Who Went to Die |
g for Their Country and Returned S
\ as Military Prisoners. \
I A SAN FRANCISCAN'S VISIT TO THE \
g SULTAN OF JOHORE, •
I OUR GOLF GIRLS. \
Y> «*
i° ————— ¦. v,
i° ' w
!» A Grandoiece of Martha A Tansel to Connect Sao «
g Washington a Cali- Francisco and Oak* 3
6 . fornian. " land. 13
\ THE STORY OF THE KENTUCKY PO- J
g LITICAL TtW.
g How Some of Onr Prominent Citizens Wonld I
g Look on the Stage. 2
» ' a
» — — — — — 01
I -TJiE BEJH3TY. JV^JIRCIJI VJI.N DRESSER, 2
g i DISSECTED. • 2 ,
0 ¦ °t
ZsLSULSUL^SJLSLSLSLJLSiajLSU^ OOP Q_q.gJLgJUUUUUULfI3
9THE SAN • FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16; 1900.
SAN KRANCISCO CALL.
BITINESS OFFICE cf the Pan Frmneiweo
ran. corner cf Market and Third streets, open
enti! 12 ©"clock every "night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— KT7 Montgomery street,
ccrner Clay; cren until »:S3 p. m.
tOO Hayes street : cpen until J:SO p. ra.
C-t McAllister etreet; cpen until S:3O p. n_
til Lftrkln etr**t; open until »:30 p. m.
:»n M'.ta'.on etreet; open until 19 p. ra.
52C1 Market street corner Sixteenth: opea
cstil • p. — i.
ltc Eleventh rtreet: er*n nntll » 9. m-
IC9€ Vclenrla itreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
1223 Polk rtreet: cpen until » p. m.
Northwest ccmer of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
?wfcT rirr-+tr: open ontl! » p. ra.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Cnmmandery. No. 1. K. •?¦
T No t P"*t et— Stated as»embly OBS"
THIS ETEXINO. 7:50 o'clock. Order |I
o* the Temple. All fraters cordially In- W»
vlted. By order of the Km. Com. w
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
TERBA Buena Lodge of Perfection No. *SJ*
I.— Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- A
ING at £ o'clock. Degree 6. _&_-
GEO. J. HOBE, Sep. «£g»
MISSION LODGE NO. 163. F. &A. M.— •
Officer* and members are hereby no- \ff\-
t'.t-.bti to e.tter.d Th* funeral cf our cp- \E_Jf
ceased brother. DIXON L LEE. from ' w 1
the hall of thi* lodge TO-MORROW (SAT-
URDAY) at 1:80 p. m. By order of the W. M.
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
REGULAR ra«*ttr.g of the Caledonian A n.
Cl-b THIS EVENING at 8 c'clork. 5N V*VV
at Scottish Hall. 117 Larkln et In- tS_4£tf
terestlng address fey ex-Chief John U -¦_>
I". Kennedy. ANOUB McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
PROT. A, itTsnr.T of Egypt greatest astrolo-
r'.»t and palmist In the world: satlafaotlon
gua?— cte^A. «S7 Golden Gate aye.
ATTOR.NEYS AT LAW.
AX/TICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
do t— wit-out Mice***: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at Jaw. 65» Market, cor. Stockton.
ApVTCD free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, K7 Market st. cpp. Mason.
T. X WERZB4.CIL attorney at law. ha* re-
guraed practice at CM Cal. gt. Clunle building.
L B. CT-4.RK. Emma Fpreckels bidg.. P27 Mar-
ket «t. : oongultation free: no fee* In advance.
BOARD AAD lIOO3IS.
J\*EW fasiJly hotel; first-class in all appolnt-
mrr.ta; excellent table; epeclal inducement* to
•elect people. 807 California *t.. occupying
•orner oppofJte Orace Church.
PRIVATE family haa an elegantly furnished
flat; will rent eunny front room with board to
couple; central. Address box SSSI. Call.
BUSH. 11*4— Elegant rooms and board, $30 upj
reception room; grounds; r,o children.
"BELGRAVIA HOTEL." PolJc and Clay— Sun-
ny suites; best board; 2. K-0 up: single. $23 50,
LAS PALMAS. Ittfl Market si.— Suite of 2 or t
rrr.t ; private; bsth: pin. rms.; board optional.
TAJC NESS. 544 <The Wallace)— Rooms and
board ; reasonable : modern conveniences. "
BOAHDING FOR C'IiILDKCV.
XiADY with grown family wishes young child to
board; rood home; reasonable. Box {£18. Call.
GOOD horn« for baby or small child. Call at
t Elisabeth gt.
books — m;\v a>d old.
BCHOOL BOOKS bought and ¦ exchanged.
Holm** B<yk Co.. 704 Mission gt.. near Third.
BOOT |AXU MIOi: U.IBGAI.\B.
BABT'S chocs. sizes 2 to 6 ...35 ets
Men's working thces. extra quality U 25
Boy's chocs. sizes lS 1 * to 2 85 ets
People* Phne Store. 13C3 Stockton, nr. Bdway.
BLSIXESS CUAKCJ-S.;
A^JHGcT'DAinr and rcute; 13 cows. 4 horses,
1 rcllk v_cun. 1 cart, etc.; include 10 acres
crop cf barley hay; business established 20
jears. R. G. WILKE. VO6 Market ft., rm. 8.
A— sii>o; RESTAURANT and cbop house on
Ftockton st.; establ. many years and clearing
•beie $150 per month. C— U room fc, 906 Mar-
ket st. R. O. WILKE.
A— JS^O; DELICACY end dairy business, kept
by present owner for S years; a splendid buet-
rm; offer: place clearing about $X) per mo.
X* Market et.. room 8. R. G. WILKE.
A— KiOO: CORNER grocery, on one of the prin-
cipal business streets of this city; first-class
paying; only cash trade; stuck all fresh; will
Invoice the price; a splendid and rare chance.
Particulars. R. G. WILKE. »06 Market et. |
room S.
A— s4oo; PARTNER wanted In saloon on O'Far-
rell and Stockton ste. Call R. G. WILKU,
room £. 906 Market et
A— s4oo; RESTAURANT and chop bouse on
Third et.. cear Call bldg. R. G. WILKE,
room S. 906 Market St.
A— $1800; SALOON; choice location on Kearny
rt ; splendid business oCer. Call li. G.
WILKE. room S. SC€ Market et.
A- SHOO; BAKERY en Polk Bt.; baking I^4
barrels; all store trade; dally receipts above
125; rent J2*. Call R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market. |
A— s3oo; FRUIT store, with living rooms, on
Polk *t.; splendid paylr.g business and good
stock on band. li. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A SALOON on water frcM, with 4 years' lease;
Cse fixtures; large stock; rushing business;
no better loca tloa on E_st st. ; splendid
chance. R. O. WILKE. »08 Market *t
COLUMBIA P.EALTT CO.. ' ~~~
Successors to Schottler & 00.,
Room a. Columbian building.
Farms frcca J75 to $70,003; lodging houses from
$200 to $5500; business chance from T2OO to
$74,000; partners wanted in all kinds of busi-
ness from MjO to $2500. paying from $600 to
UOOO per year to each; we have cash buyers
for *ev«r_! crepoeltkins not on our books; list
your property ¦n-'.th ua; equare dealing, quick
•ale*, email percentage, our motto; two of-
Cce* to let, $5 each.
COLUMBI A REALTY CO..
Successors to SchoUler A Co..
Room E3. Columbian building.
•too— BAKERY; best part of Western Addition;
• living-rooms; horses; wagons: owner owns
bldy; will give lease. M. LESS. 765 Market.
•Stt-CORNER saloon doing good business ;
cear Market et; full Investigation Invited; a
bargain if *old at once. M. LESB. 7C5 Market
•I£O— BRANCH bakery and candy store; best
part of Mission; 3 living-rooms; cheap rent-
most be cold at once. M. LESS, 765 Market.
11-ROOM house; a snap J5OO
M-room house; a bargain jiooo
A cigar store; fine location „ $500
A barber *hop and cigar 5t0re. ........... jsgo
A branch bakery: rare bargain Jl5O
A grocery and bar; a entp fgOO
F_oe bakery In good location $1000
MITCHELL & ADAMS. 8?« Market "Vt
tSto-BLACKBMITH shop; prosperous country
town; 1 lots; buildings and private dwelling
Included; part cash If desired. McLAL'GH-
LtN tc CO.. 777H Market gt.
tI76— BRANCH bakery, milk, canfly, Celleacles
•tc.; living-rooms; cheap rent; good loca-
tlon; a bargain. JONES & CO.. BCS Market
A— HOME kitchen and celicacies ; downtown-
clears $115 p*r month; for cost of fixtures Pi.
CIFIC STATKS REALTY C 0..520 Parrott big.
BOMS- MADE randy store: great *acriflce this
-ay. COWING A CO.. lito Market ft
"WANTED— A partner In paying business in
Western Addition: capital of $400 to *800 r»-
culred: fine- opportunity to right man; party
$H y** l * la Present location. Apply 1700
wallerw aller *_.
SHOE business, established over ZG years 4
Bummer tt.. between Pine end California.
$350— PARTNER In good paying *aloon- will
take part cash; investigate. 7» Third *t.
NEAT restaurant; must be sold In 2 days: $120
Apply at 207 Grant aye., saloon. "
FOR Bale cheap— Double team In perfect order-
fine paying business: Hand central. Address
8.. box 5&44. Call office. *«urc*s
GOOD business manager can clear $15 day
email capital; full control. National Invent-
ors' and Mfge.' Union, _lg Sansome st
WANTED— Good bakery; If poesible all store
trade: In city or country; for cash; state Dar-
tlculars. Box 2553. Call office.
$75— GROCERY and delicacy etore: ch ean _t
$100; rent $12. 4SB Sixth et. . P "
fISOO— ONE of the best bakeries in city for sale-
shop business only. Address box 1183. Call. '
GOOD- PAYING corner ea!^on; c rooms; with or
¦without furniture; retiring. 115 Ninth .st
BARGAIN for buying or eellinr saloons or any
business; fair treatment Liquor Dealers'
Journal, E39fr California «t. room L
COAL oil route for Bale cheap; parties going
away. Apply ofllce Crystal OH Co.. 312 Capp
•t. near Eighteenth: phone White 12»g.
ESTABLISHED furniture business ; bargain for
rich.* man ; selling aecourt of sickness. Aj.;ply
at 828 Broadway. Oakland.
SALOON centrally located: fair business; good
Vtock and flxturee: living rooms; departure
cause of cale. Box 3123. Call offlce.
6ALOON at Third et. near Market: fine trade
cheap If cold at once. Apply Liquor Dealers'
Journal. CW',4 California tt.. room 1.
WILL trade county right of_a patent for a
good piano. Address box -E27. Call offlce.
FOR eale— Downtown saloon. Apply to Mo-
LEOD XTHATJa CIS Market ¦_-
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
ATTENTION, SELLERS!
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can s«ll for cash.
I will advertise it free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I sell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market et, opp. Fifth.
BLACKSMITH shop near Ocean View; work
averages $125 a month; price $250. H. C.
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; fine location
downtown; newly fitted up; electric Hgntf:
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. €14 Call bldg.
FOR eale— Railroad saloon, with property,
etock and fixtures for sale in Paso Robles.
For particulars address JOHN O. ENGEL,
Paso Robles. Cal.
WANTED— Partner with $1000 to engage in fur-
niture business; advertiser will Invest $1000
and open new store; (something new on tnls
market. Address box 8539. Call offlce.
A FINE downtown routa on Call; In business
section. 1121 Filbert st.
FOR eale— Restaurant and bar; 20 steady board-
ers. IC2I Clement st .
ROUTE of 844 papers on thl* paper for *ale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
¦übscriptlons has been established at 1»6 Va-
Icncla et. ¦
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements *nd subscriptions has been opened
at 122S Polk «t.: open till » p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at th*
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st».: open until t p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 1M
rets of harness will be sold at half coat as
the business must be dosed. U4O Folsom st;
near Eighth.
ALL kinds of wagon*, bugglee. carte. harne»s.
etc.. cheap. EQAN A SON. 2117 Mission st
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts * har-
ness, wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND Ck^ A X j x <3-.
WHEN you become disgusted with pocr work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 853-357 Tehama st; tel. S. 40.
CITY Bteara Carpet Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Bth -t: tel. South 200.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4DJ Stevenson »t. ; tel. South 723: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 40.
BTRATTON'S, » Eighth st; tet. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
et. ; oleanlng. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main SS4. OEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 533 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION I
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant
Has removed her offices to her residence. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland. Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to t-e Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption^ paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin dUeaaes, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures, which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousand* upon tbpu-
eandt have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence Is kept sacredly conflden-
Address or call. MRS. DR. A..D. HOWE.
Fee, $1 and up-ward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. 1061
Eeventh aye.. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station. 2d Ftatlon from Broadway.
CLAIHVOYASTrAsFgnR^^USM!
MRS. J. 3. WHITNEY, 1104 Market: trance,
test business medium: life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp forclrcular; sittings $L
MME A CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune' teller: best advice In difficult matters,
8 Hayes St.. room 7. second floor.
DIXSMORE.
Renowned clairvoyant; private sittings: mar-
velous results; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.. 2ia Eddy.
C V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
g p. m.; 2jc. 403 Leavenworth st
MME. HANSON— Palmistry. 10c: card reader;
past, present future. 25c 14S Sixth, room 12.
TOUR future told by cards, 2Sc »44 Howard
ft., 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings. 25c
MRS. EBERHARDT. spiritual test meeting. 7:20
p. m.. 10c. 2250 22d. bet. Mission and Valencia.
TESTS to-night, 10c; sitting dally, 25c, We; card
reading free. Arnold & Lrtck?en, 14S Sixth. r.L
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; circle Tues., Frl.. i
p. m.; Mon.. S; 25c; sittings $1. 223 Valencia.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth el. near Mission.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slate writer,
S3O Ellis st; circle Sun. and Wed, evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 11.49 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader; slt-
tlcgs dally. 212% Elxth «t.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. i Fourth st.
MME. 6YBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band* picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agen?y; no charge un-
lesg successful. Room 310. 327 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 eunny room*; yard. Key 623
Second st. near mall dock^
$B— NEW house 4 rooms; water free; In the hills
among the graes. 64 Silver st, off Third.
6-ROOM ccttage: 23^4 Morris aye.. bet. Harri-
son and Bryant, nr. fith: key next door. N0.23.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
488 GEART— FIrst-clasii dressmaker, direct
from Bostpn, would like engagements; best of
references. ¦"¦
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 887 Geary at; dresses
made, (5 up? dresses made over; perfect fit
McDOWELL Dressmaking School-Leading »ys-
tem: easy payments; cvg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng.plr.Hng. 121 Post over O'Connor & Moffat
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60o; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 CO up: open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5: a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $26; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; tee our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; flllinzs. 60c; crowns. $3 50; -all work
rainless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7 Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
¦without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$2 in up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, ia. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received S first
prize* : no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL.. 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
ppeclalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
GUARANTEED dentistry; U per week; we re-
fer to COOO patients. Esmond Dental Parlors.
4» Elxth -t .
P.USIS Dental Parlors. 235 Keamy. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. C H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia; dental
work reas.; painless extraction; hours 9 to S.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices in 8. F.; work warranted 10
years. N. T. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUyO. 1841 Poik *t
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: (graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. WO Market
' DOG VOSPITAX.
T>n. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fill mori-
Advlce and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
• EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD"S Business College. 24 Post st, 8. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
Fait water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A..
Mason and Ellis ets. 'The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
BOOKKEEPING— Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writ-
Ing, eta; day or night; $5 month. 1024 Mis-
sion St., near Sixth.
ESPINA, Penman: business writing a spe-
clalty; English. Spanish. 337 Phelan bldg.
LAW schools, J27 Market S. F., and W5 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CIVIL service coaching: day, evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market st
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. success-
ful teacher. lOCS Mission; best methods.results:
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFillppe's Acad-
emy of languages.32oPoBt:est.lB7r.able»t profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable tenru:
thorough Instruction. Studio. 406 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' BuslneßS College. 723 Market st: life
scholarship. $50; send for catalogue.
CLASSES In German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. >04 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. Q. Barrett. 302 Montgy..
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or flays. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No 10 Geary st.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post St., near Powell. GEO.
AOKI. 421 Poat st; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEtTM Employment Offloe— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414<4 O'Farrell gt.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FE3IALE.
GREEN" Swedish girl wishes a place to assist;
strong and willing; $10 to $12. MRS. NOR-
TON, 312 Sutter st.
NEAT colored girl; first-class cook; best refer-
ences. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st
AN Englishwoman, good cook and houseworker.
$15 to $20; also a Swedish woman wishes a
light place, $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON, 813
Butter st
MIDDLE-AGED American lady desires house-
keeper's position In small family; good cook;
city preferred. Call at 630 Golden Gate aye..
comer of Van Ness, room 89. ¦:¦ -
REFINED orphan girl wishes position as com-
panion to lady and assist with light work;
no children; Email compensation; city or
country.
WOMAN wishes any kind of nursing: good. in.
confinement; best of reference* by physicians.
Call at 10SV4 Fell st.
COMPETENT Scandinavian girl wants general
housework: Is a good plain cook. Call or ad-
dress 322 Twelfth St., near Folsom.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladles In confinement. MRS. WOL»-
TER, 132 Sixth Bt. "-. :
WANTED— A position as housekeeper by a
reliable young woman with a child: city or
across the, bay; references. Call 277 13th st
YOUNG Swiss woman wishes work by the day,
washing and Housecleanlng. 1819 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED, refined couple (no children),
well educated, speaking German and English,
would like full charge of boarding or room-
Ing hou!«e or care of private residence. Box
8535, CaU offlce.
TOUNG woman desires a position as seamstress
or lady's nuild; flrst^:laas fitter and modiste;
best city references: no objection to country.
Address box 3509. Call.
YOUNG lady visiting the city desires to assist
In private family for board and room. A. Z.,
box 3540, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes position to assist In house-
work and care of child. 21 Madison aye., off
Harrison st
SWEDISH woman with a boy 4 years old would
like a place as cook and general housework;
•wages $15. MRS. JOHNSON. 1526V4 Bush sL
WANTED — Pewlng and mending to do at home.
Call at 150 Fourth st.. room 7.
GERMAN lady cook In private family. Apply
for three days at 162 Jessie st
EXPERIENCED German girl would llko to go
to Europe; Germany preferred; care for in-
valid or children; best reference*. A. 8.,
2705. Call office, Oakland. .
WANTED — Engagements by a hair specialist
to treat persons at their homes for falling
hair, dandruff, gray hair and eczema: best of
references and all work guaranteed. Box 3594,
Call office.
COMPETENT woman. wishes situation to wait
at table In hotel or boarding-house; first-
class references. Address box 3520, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 250 to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $8
¦week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus'
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertfeemonts and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken.
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
PARIS Exposition — Frenchman acquainted
with Paris and European languages would
accompany party as handy man; wages no ob-
ject; city references. BONOMY, 1684 Mission.
MAN and wife with boy 7 years old want situa-
tion; man understands horses, handy with
tools: wife good cook and housekeeper; city or
country. Address box 3555, Call offlce.
YOUNG, able-bodied married man wishes posi-
tion of foreman of ranch; also good team-
ster and stableman; good references. CHAS.
JOHNSON. 44 Tehama st. ¦
BOY. 15 years, wishes situation; is strong and
willing; shop work preferred. 29 Lafayette.
SITUATION wanted by young man. 28. from
the East, of good address; place in some
wholesale house; Is a handy and all-around
man; strictly temperate; not afraid of work;
good references. Box 8537, Call offlce.
WANTED — By young man, 35, position as por-
ter In hotel or to take charge of some good
lodging-house: good reference*; not afraid of
work. Box 3536, Call office.- f
RESPECTABLE man, 85, from the East, of
good addreßs, wants permanent position of
. some kind; not afraid of work; good refor-
ences. Box 3538, Call office. ;
YOUNG man with 6 years' experience in the
poultrybusiness would like a position in city
or country: sober; good references. Address
box 3532. Call offlce.
COMPETENT man wishes •• situation; good
driver and take care of horses; also capable of
taking care of garden; references. Box 3541.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted as first-class cutter and
designer on ladles' cloaks and suits. Address
box 2700. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants some kind of work for
mornings; strong, reliable and sober. Box
8545. Call offlce. __j
COMPETENT man wishes situation; a good
baker, also fine cook; in Italian or French
rest&urant; city or country. Address box
2519. Call. ¦
GENERAL blacksmith and horseshoer wants
steady Job; best references. Address J.-G.,
,1056 Twenty-fifth aye.,- East Oakland.
STRONG young man wants to learn plumbing.
Address box 3579, Call offlce.
SITUATION -wanted by young man at house-
cleaning or any other kind of work by the
day: best city refcrenoe. Box 3510. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS Scandinavian gardener; under-
stands care of horses, buggies, cows, vege-
tables, lawn, flowers: in private family; very
useful and willing; references; city or coun-
try. Box 3551. CaU orflce.
RELIABLE married man would like to take
full charge of rooming-house or private place.
Address J. DAVIS. 223 Minna et.
REFINED Japanese schoolboy wants a situa-
tion in a noble family. ICIO Pine st. Japanese
Mission. ¦ '-•
JAPANESE, flrst-class cook, understands any
style of cooking wants situation In ¦ private
family. Apply YAMA. 823 Sacramento st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 6 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha* - been ; established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ets, ; open until 9 p. m.
¦ EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE. German expert optician.
107H4 Market st.: examination free: German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone. Mint 257.
_^_ FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms and bath; rent
$17;. 107VJ Colllngswood St.; key upstairs.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SACRAMENTO, IS6l— New flat of 8 rooms; sun;
yard; rent $12 60. . *
$W— SUNNY middle flat of 6 rooms, bath. yard.
IT4O Folsom st. between 13th and 14th.
$10— FLAT of 4 rooms. El 5 Thirteenth st
$18— ADULTS: 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
toilet; 2 beds; gas and coal stoves. 1917 Oeary.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 80x60 inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton-
St.. near Brnailwav: open evenings. *
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture; carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry * Co.) buy*
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 3353.
WANTED— The furniture and carpets for 6 or
6 rooms. Box 2832. Call.
HELP WASTED AGENTS.
A BETTER proposition— Only authorized life of
Moody by his son: most liberal terms; send
»o for handsome outfit, showing styles of
binding and over 40 illustrations. R. R. PAT-
TERSON, publishers' agent. 429 Montgomery.
WANTED — Collector* and solicitors; cash ad-
vance* made to the right parties: call between
1 and 9 o'clock mornings, Thursday evening
between 7:30 and 9 o'clock. 300 Post Bt, cor-
ner Stockton.
AGENTS— Contra Costa, Alameda, San Joaquln
and Stanislaus; money in this: investigate.
CLARK. 751 Nineteenth st. Oakland.
AGENTS in each county on coast; permanent
work and territory; article a seller. HER-
RICK. 1417 Brush st. Oakland.
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed hero; splendid oppor-
tunity for «;ood solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODKLL. 2C6 Keamy St.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
CL R SSbSTa CO. . ".T. raON^ORANT 18S
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $25; 4 waitresses, country. $20 ;,
3 waitresses, city, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses,
$6; I chambermaids to wait, $20; J chamber-
maids, $20; 2 fancy lroners, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman cook for men on a ranch, $20, fare
paid; cook. Sacramento County, $23: 2 house-
girls. Martinez. SIS. $15; 25 other girls, city
and country. $25, $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary at.
WANTED— Scandinavian or German cook. $35,
no wash; cook, plain wash, $30; cook, across
the bay, $25; ( cooks, German style, $25 and
JSO; second work nurse, $25: 4 second girls,
$20, $23, city and country; nurse, $20; second
girl, $25, Ean Mateo; chambermaid and wait-
ress, $20, country; hotel waitress, $20; 4 res-
taurant waitresses, $5 and $6 a week: cook,
restaurant, $7 a week; 60 neat Irish, German
and Scandinavian houseglrls, $20, $25, city and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
HOUSEGIRL. Alameda. $30. email family; Los
Gatos. $25; Oakland, $20; second girl, city, $20;
cook, two in family, $25; French housegirl,
$23; German nurseglrl, $15. MRS. NORTON,
213 Sutter st
GIRL with good references. Apply to Italian
Paste Co., 612 Post st. between 8 and 10 a. m.
and I to ( d. m.
WOMAN, age from 25 to 85, to attend ladles'
bathrooms; references required. Address box
3550, Call office.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with house-
work; one accustomed to children. 1027 Mc-
Allister St.
WAIST operators and girls to sew on buttons.
NEWDAUER BROS.. 18 First Bt.
OPERATORS on shirt waists; good wages;
steady work. . Bauer Broß. Co., 21 Sansome.
WANTED — German or Swedish girl for general
housework; three in family. 608 Halght st
GOOD preeser wanted at once. 409 Sutter st
WANTED— A girl for second work and waiting.
1807 Hyde «t
T7ANTET>— Good waitress at 106 Second *t
WANTED—A woman to do general housework.
100 McAllister st
GIRL wanted: 4 In family: easy place. Apply
at 2357 Howard St.. between 19th and 20th.
WANTED — Girt for cooking, assist housework;
small family; $20; references. 1054 Post el.
EXPERIENCED hands on fine white work.
DAVIS. SCHONWABSER & CO.. 134 Post st
RELIABLE young woman to assist with gen-
eral housework and care of two children:
wages $16. 127 Raker st.
WANTED — Hairdressers, manicures and ap-
prentices. GOLDSTEIN & COHN. 822 Market
WANTED — Protestant girl for general house-
Work. Apply 222 Dolores ft, near Sixteenth.
GIRLS for handwork on corsets. 231 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED corder on silk waists. San
Kranclsco Mfg Co.. 409 A Turk St.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD BHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
WANTED— Finisher, also apprentice on cus-
tom coats. 744 Folsom st
GIRL for housework in small family; wages
$10. 419% Eleventh Bt.
WANTED— German girl for general housework.
1018 Sutter st. •
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. 272 Stevenson
st, first floor. ¦•'
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36^ Fremont st ; elevator.
ABOUT 150 more sewing machine operators will
find good paying work In Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 82V4 Fremont st MR. DA-
VIB, Supt. j
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st. ."¦• ¦..-.-
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p, m.
A BRANCH 1 office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ets. ; open until 9 p. m.
H K i£L. " WA ? T J?Hr'^f d. LB#
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 8848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
12 laborers and teamsters, city Jobs, $30 and
$26 and found
6 choremen and boys $20 $15, $10 and fd
27 farm, orchard and vineyard hands.
$26, $20 and found
S milkers and butter makers.. s3o, $25,- $2O & fd
15 laborers and teamsters, city jobs
$30, $26 and found
farmers and wives 6 prunes :.
section foreman R. R. for mines $2 25 day
5 blacksmiths, 2 helpers. MURRAY *
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st : . ¦ y
MINES MINES MINES
14 gold and coal miners $2 50, $3 to $3 60 day
2 firemen for furnaces for mines..... $60
6 coal buckers for mine $60
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Pay st.
821 WOODCHOPPERS, tiemakers. shingle and
box bolt makers, post and picket makers,
$2 60, $2, $1 75, $1 EO. $1. 75c cord, 12c, lie, 10c
each, $4 60 per 1000. 2Hc each. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay at .
9 C00K5. ...7 WAITERS... .3 LAUNDRYMEN
boy for butcher shop, milk wagon drft/er, boy
for private family, shoemakers, $12 week. $40,
$45^ $35^ $30, $20 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt. -¦
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 GEARY ST.
60 teamsters, ecraper holders, loaders and
dumpers for the Coast Railroad, Santa Bar-
bara Co.; free fare
10 single hand quartz miners, $2 50 a day; car-
penter and wheelwright for a R. R. camp, $1
to $160 a day and board and free fare; 6
scraper teamsters, country, $20; 3 ranch team-
sters, $26 and b0ard.....................
Second cook and baker. $50; cook, restaurant,
.Nevada, $50; cook, country restaurant. -$45;
dlshw.isher and . kitchen hands, city, $20, $23
and $30; dishwasher, country hotel, $25 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
BARBERS'. Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. . J. J.. HEINZ,
Employment Secy, 630 Market . downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free empioy-
' ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 648 Washington St., be-
low Montgomery.
YOUNG boy wanted for general cleaning. Cri-
terion Saloon. 41 Stockton st
HELP WASTED MALE.
WANTED— •"tnUkerV^SoT JIJ I mlnersTli' B0 day:
boy for milk wagon, $15 and found: black-
smith helper, $1 60. - $2 day; blacksmith. $2 B0
day; farmers, woodchoppers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento gt
WANTED— Cook and helper, country hotel. $95:
cook and wife, country hotel, $50; colored
waiter, $20; dishwasher and others. J. F.
CROSETT St CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— By retail dry goods house, young
salesman for domestic department; 8 o'clock
house. Address L. R.. box 3562. Call office.
TWO barbers wanted for Saturday. 797 Mis-
' slon st
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1522 Pow-
ell -t
OOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 625 Laguna st
STRONG boy to work In candy factory. JA-
COBB. 721 Larkln.
DISHWASHER— Competent sober man only
need apply. 443 Fifth st ;-..-¦¦• '- ¦; . ; :
ONE steady and one extra waiter at 606 How-
ard st
GOOD' dishwasher. 116 Ninth. st
BOOTBLACK wanted; man or boyi steady.
1408 MoAlllster st
A S-CHAIR barber shop for sale at 1106 Buch-
anan, near Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— An engineer to run mine hoist;
must be competent, sober and careful; also
1 blacksmith; must be a good tool sharpener
and reasonably quick; steady work. Call on
or address Montreal and Oregon Gold Mines,
Ltd., Ashland. Oregon.
A PARTY that can work a divining rod or
mineral rod. Address for particulars to A. 8..
box v. Lorln P. P.. Cal.
BOYS wanted after school to sell chewing gum:
you can make big money: call «arly. 7SS
Capp st, near Twenty-third.
YOUNG men and sallors'for deep sea and steam
whalers. HERMAN'S, 28 Eteuart st
800 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st, between Ist and 2d its.
WANTED— Third hand cook; $30. . 11l Larkln
street ¦
TWO tailors wanted at 2620 Greenwich st;
military work.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season;- handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches — Ban Francisco. New York.
St. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book salesmen.
Call upon or address Manager, 927 Market st,
room 622.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. S. F.
Barbers' School. 741 Howard st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2So
to 60c. E6! Mission st, between Ist and 2d sta.
WAN TWO — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third et; 150 large
rooms; 250 per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONS— J. H. BHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 150 breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.: open till 9 p. m. •
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
rarts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
527 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. • -
CO HEAD flna draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market st. bn. Twelfth and
•Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. Q. ay.
FINE gentle horses and new rubber-tired bug-
gles; $30 per month. Pacific Carriage Co.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS.
62 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 ...SISOO
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $125 900
11-room house on Bush st 400
7-room house; only .- 150
33 rooms; rent $40 1300
24 rooms; easy payments $00
6-room flat; new 350
32 rooms; corner: only 1200
10 rooms: on O'Farrell st 325
10 roonw; on Taylor st ; worth $800 450
32 rooms: corner: clears $150 1600
10-mom flat: clears $150 600
Corner on Market: clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4800
Near Call office: worth $2000; 29 r00m5.... 1200
Hod. house; elev.; clears $500;. 84 r00m5.... 6500
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET BT.
$600—18 rooms, Ellis. $3500 — Corner near Or-
slSoo--37 rooms, near pheum.
Tlvoll. $1250—24 rooms, north
$.'.6oo— Sutter, 60 rooms, aide.
$$00— G^ary. 12 rooms.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
ROOMING houses all sizes, prices and loca-
tlona and business chances of all kinds in the
city and throughout the country; cheap. Pa-
cific States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
R. H. WINSTON, 1028 Market «t
24 rooms: rent $6: near Market $SOO
37 rooms: rent $40; only $?00
105 rooms; corner: clears $200; reduced.... slsoo
10 ROOMS, very cheap, low rent, clears $35; 34
rooms. $2500. clears $300 a month. M. GRIF-
FIN, 719 Market st, nr. Call bldg.
WANTED— A good centrally located rooming-
house; 25 to 40 rooms. Address 8., box 12.
CaU office.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy 6t; new cash buyer dally.
HOUSE of. IS rooms, north of Market; bargain
If sold to-day; sickness cause of sale. Box
2574. Call office.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms, for sale;
bargain. 130 Second st. : no agents.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent — House eight rooms, bath; part fur-
nished; convenient to trains; low rent In-
quire 213 Fourteenth st., Oakland.
$12— HOUSE of b rooms. 3253 Twenty-second
Bt. near Valencia,
2-STORY building or a large spacious store
and basement; suitable for any business; 1427
Park st. Inquire Alameda Land Co.. Park
st. and Eanta Clara aye.
WANTED — Good tenant for new 48-roora house.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— -Yorkshire terrier; S years ola; answer*
to Dandy; $5 reward on return to 315 Cherry
St.; phone Pine 71
LOST— On Ellis or Powell, small breastpin, a
leaf with small blue stone center and pearls
around it. Return to PETERS, 722 Powell
st, and receive reward.
FOUND— A brown hunting dog with white on
breast; have same by paying expenses: 133
Eighth st. -
LOST— SS reward;- Wednesday morning, white
spits dog; answers to Tobey. 435 Dupont st
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ROBERT HEASMAN. No. 155-376.
The finder will please return to bank.
MEDICAL.
Dr! and MRS. koHLTThe only reliable ladle*'
physicians and specialists •of long and suc-
cessful practice; private home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: best of care;
guaranteed treatment at office. t->; safe and
reliable; consultation free. 1122 Market st,
between Mason and Taylor; . hours. * to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; cafe and reliable cure in one
day: 15 years' successful practice In S. F. :
maternity home; low fees. 1007H Market st
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or call at 10231* Market st
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; home
In confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5; any ailment; consultation- free. 942
Post st, between Hyde and Larkln.
DR. and MRS. DAVIEB. 122S Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late ulen-
.tlfic methods; cure guaranteed; treatment to.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladies' epecial-
ist; guaranteed treatment at office. $a: safe
and reliable: consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st. the eminent
female specially : home or office treatment $3.
DR. WISH, the ladles' specialist 1113 Market
st; every case guaranteed; $3 up.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. * WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason s» ',
MISCELLANEOUS FOB SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back ' bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-101V1021-1023 Mission
st. above Sixth.
EA FES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Walts Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. 8. F.. Cal
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 316 Spear st.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
833 Market St.. San Francisco.
FOR sale— 2 pumps. 2 tanks, windmill and
horsepower. 1523 Fifteenth st, or 3627 Twen-
ty-thlrd st.
THOROUGiiiiRED pug dogs for sale cheap. 34
Morris aye. ____^
NEW National Cash Register, total adder.
cheap for cash. Address box 3S4S. Call.
$10— SINGER sewing machine complete: must
sell; a bargain. 677 Natoma St.. nr. Seventh.
IRISH setters; fancy pigeons: homers; runts;
white homers. 2041 Linden. Oakland.
8 TENTS 12x14, $7; one 18x55. $30; one KxSO feet.
$100. 1649 Mission st. "
FIXTURES for sale cheap In stationery store.
Call 2So6tt Sutter st •
ATTENTION I Cape Nome Miners— Mexican
Jerked beef. PR. STEARNS. 46 Chronicle big.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mlrrun.
bought sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1913 Mission st.. near 15th.
ANY partleti having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. r« National aye. San Diego. Cal.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California st
A— S3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Poo-
uiar Price Hatters. S3O Kearny st. nr. Pine.
DR. CREELY*S C. P. mange cure: by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. SlO Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; S locomotives. 220 Fremont
DRESS pants, $3 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes.
Iron & wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 13) Beale.
NEW and cecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C BENTHAM. 1832 Market st
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. SIS Mission.
BAFES-New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
WANTED— An electroplating dynamo of about
ISO amperes; answer quick. Box 3529, Call.
BCRAP iron and machinery bought San Fran-
Cisco Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
MONEY TO LOAX.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S4B Market
st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 15 Third st
ANY proposition, any amount; < per cent; first
second mortgages estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me; $£>
to $10»,000; • per cent; Ut 2d or chattel mort.
gages, estates In probate, undivided interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advtca
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 633 Market
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate- In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 14 Montgomery, r. 2.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery
AT 12S Kearny st, room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ;qutc_
service; money direct; lowest Interest Rooms
68 and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st
MONEY to loan on real estate, notes, checks,
pianos and all kinds of personal property.
DEWING. 75 Chronicle building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exchange. _n
California st
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; S per
cent; no removal; no commission. It. si. 6 Eddy.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 83« Parrott build-
Ing—^lencansecureloansonpersonalnote.
AT 1H Per cent p«r month, on furniture. UO3
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY, 430 parT
rott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $00,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, planoa, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st
TO salaried men, without collateral or lndorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
clsco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bulMlng.
MUSICAL I.\STRU3IENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced piano*
where they can be exchanged for a 6telnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $S per month, and some good pianos
for $3, $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Eteinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and autter «ts.. San Francisco.; corner Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2t, 23 and 30 O'Farrell et; planoa. organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every l
thing possible done to please and satisfy t_»
customer. *
KNABE planoa: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 20 O'Farrell st.
WE have some very fine bargains to offer you
to-day; cash or payments. MAUVAIS'. 769
Market st
DECKER & SON. Packard & Boothe Bros., are
the names •to / remember when selecting a
piano. Full line at Mauvals', 769 Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W C. HAMILTON. 324 Poat st
SO SLIGHTLY used high and mrdlum grade
pianos; special discounts for cash: open Sat
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st
AN owner In reed of money will sacrifice her
beautiful upright piano. Room 10 Flood bldg.
SELL for storage — 2 uprights. $75: very fine
Steinway. $125. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market
LARGE upright piano; standard make; $_S;
call evenings. 1319 Powell st
W. G. BADGER. 412 Bacnmento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett <fc Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. 1318 Market st
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st
GOOD upright ~ piano: nearly new: eh eao.
HORNITNG'3. 218 McAllister- st
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZw II
McAllister st. next Hlbernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AN~I> STORES— TO LET.
FINE store and 4 rooms for barber ant> family
on B st, San Rafael: rent $12. Apply to J
CORTI..P. O. box 192. San Rafael.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City of
Paris. Stockton and Geary sta.— Elegant new
offices and stores.
NEW corner, suitable for drugstore; fixtures
complete: cheap. Eighth aye. and Clement
STORE 3 rooms to let NW. cor Union and
Leavenworth sts.. nr. the Unlon-st carhouse.
$20— STORE; 2 show windows and 6 large rooms;
'adapted to any hiislnegs. 422 Sixth «t. .
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. 616 Geary, nr. Jo-ies.
' PERSONALS.
TWO gentlemen, strangers in city, would Ike to
• meet two. lady friends to accompany tiem to
theaters and places of amusement. Address
box 3354. Call office. ' • .
WANTED— Address of MRS. ALLEN AIcDON-
ALD, widow. Address box 2559. (Mil office.
BARBER wants wife. 28 years of age. to live
in mining camp. Address Po;<ofllce box
73.500. Phoenix. Ariz.
BE_-LK— GUDRY.
. | IS N3T A LADY.
A $2 SWITCH, $1 Friday and Saturday; sham-
poolng 25c. Ft. only. BLOCKS. 141 Post st.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. l'A3 Howard st
FERSOXALS.
ANY lady calling on February 15 to our cloak
and suit department will receive a souvenir
fooon of the battleship Maine; worth while to
come Eastern Outfitting Co.. 13C6 Stockto-
st. near Broadway. _
A r A qi(i fur rarments. hoods, mitts, leather
mf» H M HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
'physical culture: massage given to ladle*
PatYU?elrho-SP at Y U?elrho-S> .Mrs. Wagner. IW3T. Larkln,
A FINE suit to order $10 75 or pants $3 p; our
specialty In remnants allows us to .ell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMO3.
1117 Market st. bet 7th and Sth. prop One-
price Tailoring Co. ; 832 Kearny near Sacto:
also 1644 Market st. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 rooms:
Zsc to $1 BO per *4ght: $1 50 to $8 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADINO theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders »o-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: It
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie St.
JAPANESE Hoasecleaning Co.. 707 Devlsadero
st. near Grove. B. KINO. '
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tet. black 4123.
COLEMAN buys clothing. brie-a-Drac. tools.
carpets, old gold; send for him. 506 Kearny.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. < EJdy st
WANTED— OId gold for manure. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. Ut O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
BTAMMERINO corrected: booklet. J. wiir£_;-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In tn»
United Ptateo. postpaid, for $1 -per year.
PHOTOGIIAFHIC SUPPLIES.
POLTCHROME paper, rich In tone, easy t»
work; low price; sample doxen 4x5 and airM-
oper mailed 23c. Cal. Camera Co.. O Peary.
PHYSICIANS ASD SI'RGEOXS.
PARALTSIB;
ALti NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION:
HARD TUMORS: ¦
ILL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORM 3;
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASE*,
CONSUMPTION;
OLD BTANDINO CHRONIC DISEASESL
Cured where all other have failed.
NO DRUG 3! NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment
Write for references. Consultation tre«.
DR. L. J. BTRATTON. 607. 508 and s£». Ps_«-
rott building. <Over the Emporium.)
Da C C. CDOXNELL— OffIon and residence,
lOim Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL SSTATE— CITT FOR SALE.
tISOO— BARGAIN; large lft-story. high stoop,
bay-window cottage; vestlbul* entrance; bev-
eled plate-glass double doors; handsomely
paneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding stair-
case and «74-foot newel post: parlor 14x17:
wainscoted dining-room 12x14; sitting-room,
BVfcxl4; wainscoted- extension kitchen 13x13;
ceilings 13 foot high; ventilators; plaster cor-
nices; pantry, glass closet, eta; 1 bedroom*
and bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all with double-door entrance under bay;
lot 33x120. with. & rustic stable 10x20 at end:
magnificent view; all for $1SOO: no agents. J.
W. NEWTON. 1530 12th ay«.. near X St.. Sun-
set district. 3 blocks from Golden Oats Parlc
MODERN flats— s3 Boo; containing 5 and S rooms
each; highly decorated and finished with all
. modern conveniences; 631 Wailer st. on*
block from Halght and Pierce; easy terms.
F. NELSON. Builder.
IF you have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wiah to sell quickly thea
call on W. J. OUNN. 530 California st
FOR sale, cheap— New 2-story houses. 7 rooms;
latest improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
S MODERN fiats, cheap: must sell account of
departure for Europe. Inquire 457 Tehama.
INQUIRE 143 Fulton St.; fine Cats; near City
Hall, within two blocks.
UKAL ESTATE COI'.VTKV For Sale.
FOR PALE — A beautiful orchard home prop-
erty of oiVi acres, all in full bearing trees,
one-third prunes, the balance peaches, pears,
apricots and cherries, with . good Improve-
ments, situated In the warm foothill belt of
Eanta Clara Valley. 9 miles west of San Jose,
t miles from Santa Clara and 4 miles from
Mountain View; paying a good income; price
only $23,000. For particulars address A. L.,
Call Agency. Ban Jose.
AX elegant borne farm of 12 acres, near Moun-
tain View; large modern house, 9 rooms; 19
acres in beat French prunes in full bearing,
bringing In nearly $2000 yearly income; cost
$15. 000: will be sold for $19,000. Box 3557. Call.
J. W. HORN. 813 Main St.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for fre* list cf Scn^na County bargains.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 62 Second — Nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms; $1 50 to $3 50 a week.
CALIFORNIA. 2523 — Sunny room; 1 or 2 gentle-
men; breakfast if desired; private family;
references exchanged.
EDDY. 604— Sunny front bay-window room,
with use of kitchen.
FOLSOM. 739— Housekeeping. $3 up. and single
rooms. $1 ud: all light, sunny.
-
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny front room and kltchtn:
sink, closets, bath; no .children; private; $3 SO
week.
HOWARD. 10S1 — Two sunny, completely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; $3; also others.
HYDE. 7. near City Hall— Front suit with or
without kitchen; also single room. $6; cheap.
LEAVENWORTH. 223 — Unfurnished front
rooms for housekeeping; American family;
adults.
LEWIS, IS. oft Taylor— l or t unfurnished
rooms; newly papered and painted: P. $12.
MISSION. 1241— Three furnished houseJceeplnx
rooms: running water: stove.
POLK. 1820 — A sunny fnrnlahed bedroom aa 4
kitchen; laundry: chea9. *
POWELL, 510— Sunny furnished front room wtt_t
kitchen, bath, closets, yard; sep. entrance*.
SOUTH PARK. 134—1 larg» housekeeping room,
furnished; rent $6 SO.
SUTTER. 1111. nr. Larktn— Comfortably fura.
single suites; also hkgp.; terms reasonable.
THIRTEENTH. 175— Thre* tunny bay-wl_dow
connecting rooms: 113.
TO let— Two or three, furnished roecia suitable
for housekeeping. Apply before 13 xa.. ISIS
Polk st.
TWELFTH. 40—2 sunny front rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; $19.
VAN NESS aye.. 43— Furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; also others; very reasonable.
VICKSBURO. SIS. nr. 24th and Church, Mission
st cars transfer 22d— 2 sunny v— furnished
rooms to rent; $3 month.
A BRANCH office for CaU advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th»
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till > p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IMS Va-
l«nd- st.
ROOMS TO LET S"nm. «nd Infarn.
A^BRUNSWICK HOUS"-C"143 " Stst-^Rooma
He to $1 per night: $1 X to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night ¦
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE," 324 Bush St.- ad-
joining the Russ Hotel: $4 rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post cor. Btockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1428 Market st. (old No. 1384)— Fur-
niihed rma., suites, single: also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON. 12C6 Market cor. Golden Gat*
aye— Sunny corner; well furn.: rms. & office*.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
CLAY. 1243 — Three unfurnished sunny rooms to
rent.
CONVERSE. 53. off Bryant, near Eighth— Four
rooms to let; rent $3.
FIFTEENTH. ISso— Neatly -furnished room.
with folding bed. $5 per month; lady or gent-
FOLSOM. 963. corner Sixth (The divert— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or single; new mgmt
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport Ht,u3e>— Sunny rooms;
bay windows: run. water; gas; $1 20 to $2 &».'
FULTON. 216 and 213, corner Van Ness aye.—
Sunny side: 4 rooms or 2 or 3 rooms;' gas.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnisa-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GROVE, 51?— Large sunny furnished room- rent
$4 50.
HANCOCK Hoiiae. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $3 per week. ; :
HOWARD. 82t>— Clean, respectable- 23c-$l per
night; $l-$3 per week: Howard cars to door.
LEAVENWORTH. 435-Sunny hall room to let"
$8 per month. ' *
MCALLISTER. 513— Large furnished front room
with gas. hot and cold water, bath and grate-
suitable for two. '
MINNA «67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient
MIMION.^IOCS-Neat furnished room In prtYat4- %
10•^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^Ytr^i^Hl {»-•"> KE.tBXTAT. Established
83*- t^*^ii\ In IS3 i for the treatciPnt n( rTivatw
XT - fc -J>;'V Diseases, LtmtMaubnod. Debility or
s<ESTi2i^f<, "4 >li<p»a<"''fsnngo:i body and mind and
JCa^j^^^gj skin Dia?aavs. Tbedoclorcnresuvnf v
fcSjfSiisJ-JXRi others faiL Try him. Ch«r?e» low.
rS'-T.TyAI.-^i rnrftraarnnlfrd. Caliorwrita.
Or. J. *'- bIBBOS. Box 1957. 5 an yrandaco.
THE WEEKLY CALL
81 pep Year*
MOUNT TAMALPf^IS SCEMIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco na eausalito iTerry.
Week days 9:30 a. m. and I;*'. p. au
Sundays S:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:44 p. cv
Steam-heated closed car en all triana.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit an£ iiccura.
n 40.
792. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
CossECTrso Tiaej Leaves Sa:» Francisco:
5 PS\. Monday, Wednesday. Friday end
Saturday, arrivlnz in Chicago at 2:15
P.H in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leares San Francisco at 5:30
EXPRESS P* m * ' with Palace and Tourist
n a 11 v cars for K ans » 3 Ctty, St. Loma,
DAILY • Chicago and East.
Local trains t>etween Stockton, VALLCY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare ortAn
and Bakersneld. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 6S
•FDISPO cnnN Marlcet Street, Phone Mai a
TKIdUU SUOIN J33,. Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento.2ol J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
Jones— l say. Miss Brown, how Is it that
you are always out when I call? Bhe-^Oh,
Just luck.— London Tit-BitB.
RIDES THREE WINNERS.
Pittsburg Phil's New Jockey Has a
Good l>ay.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 15.— Tim Kinsley, Ed
Oartland II and Jamaica were the winning
favorites to-day. ,W. Shaw, Plttsburg Phil's
new Jockey, rode' three winners and would
have won the two-year-old race had Zack
Ford's speed held out. The track was heavy
and lumpy. Results:
Selling, one mile— Blltheful won. Swordsman
second, Ben Frost third. Time, l:4o\i.
Selling, six furlongs-Tim Kinsley won.
Lucky Monday second. Lord Neville third.
Two-year-olds, half a mile — Adnoor won,
Zack Ford second. Moses third. Time. :S2H-
Handicap, thirteen-sixteenths of a mile— Kd
Gartland II won. Tom Collins second. Silver
Coin third. Time. 1:26.
Selling, six furlongs— Jamaica won, Flylotta
second. Fleeting Moments third. Time, 1:19V4.
Seven furlongs— Tinckler won. Jennie F sec
ond, Domlnis third. Time, 1:34 V&.
"*" You cannot afford to miss P**
"*" next Sunday's Call— a special "*"
? Washington's birthday cdi- "?
T< tion. >
? -f
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OAKLAND Branch Office ot The Call r«-
tnoved to 111S Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
t!«Tn*»r.Ts md nubscrirtirns received.
OAKLAND REAL BSTATE.
BARGAIN— Rich, modern. Oakland horn*.' Mrs.
E. C. Kortier. £4TS Piedmont aye.. Oakland.
COAST DITISIOS (Broad O«ag»).
(ThlrJ and Townsenil Sis.)
t«>l*A Ooeau View, boiith in a Fm&cUco.. t«>«<»»
,»7<OU4 Ban Joss oixl Way BUUuns t.Stw
8" Almadea V/eJn&tdsjs ouly) *1:599
>*arO«A 8»n Joae. Tres l'luos, BuuU Cnj,
' Paeilia Grot* I'as.j Itoblea, Baa
*¦ I.nls Cbiipo. Surf. Locpoa »nj
Principal Way Bl*tlcns •!:!•»
•I»iIOa S*n Joaoanl Way SUtions J •«>23«
• III3U* San Jom an.! Way Stations ? *s.Uu#
4>i4sr San JLfo, Ketlwcol. Uenlo Park,
' Palo Alto, tacta Clara, iian Jom^
, Tras Pinca. Baut» Cm*. a»:ir.M,
Itonterey auil TaclQa GroTe «10:3fla
'ftiStr Pm Joseaiirt Way K(atlous *7:30t
jlilDr tinJcseau.l Tri-.-djal V.'ay Buttons *0:I3*
t3:OOpBanJoseandrriscip3lWaySUtioiis tO:<HtA
*3s3Or Sao Jom anri Principal Way StaUoss •»:.'£.¦**
•8:.I0r Baa Jom ami Way Stations t"«:««*
>11143r Ban Jctmml Way Stations *7i3«y
A for Morning. 1* fur Afternoon.
'Daily. t •¦Suii'tiy eir-ptfi. I Euadiy oi'j.
b Saturday on". j.
a T«j«diTs and Fridara « Thursday* and BendatK.
CALIFORNIA NaRTH¥ESTERN RY. CO. i
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FruiSliraiHClSCO— feat if Haiktt S'.retl ,:1:j »)—
•7:15 000 11:001.11. 11:33 *2.:3 13:^
M:C3 t!:C3 •«::3r.«.
rriaollUl9-7utirSreiJ7*T.— 'B:oo 8.00 10:P3».«.
t!2:C3 *I:C3 t::C3 »3.53 UC3 »3:::r.M.
lAD tenant, ejected for 14; collections made-
c!?y or country. PACIFIC CQJ.LECTIOK CO
«:5 Montccrnery rt.. rocma 9-10: tel. £520.
SPECIAL .\OTICES.
ROOMS r*P«Ted. Jrcrn nT^^i^iTtTZ^
pair.t'r.y <!:ne Hanjr.an Paint Ca. Sl» Third.'
ROOMS WANTED.
TTANTED-To rent furnished kitchen with pood
woo-*, cr coal ranre; en Kround floor; eultab'e
I.'/'^m o^ 01 " tWO rooms: etate Price. Box
5.,6, ca.i o'nee.
F. Ambrose, lot on B line of Powell street. U7:6
S of California, S 44. E 94:6. N 1. E 18. N 43,
W 112:fi; $10.
John and Wlnnefred Sheehy to Delia Quinn
(wife of Patrick P.), lot on NW corner of Ninth
avenue and J street. W 45 by N 100; $10.
David T. and Mary C. Phillips to John T. Con
nolly, lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue, 300
S of L street. S 25 by E 120: $400.
Same to John McCabe, lot on E tin* of Thir
teenth avenue, 325 S of L street, S 25 by E
120; $400.
A. Macartney to Grace A. McGulre, lot on
NE line of Sixteenth avenue, 100 NW of P
street, NW 25 by NE 92:6. block 805. O*N. and
H. Tract, quitclaim deed; $5. :
S. F. and Ellen Sinclair to same, lot 29, block
305, same; {10.
Frank 11. and Bertha A. Gardiner to George
Thistleton. lot on N line of Sadowa street, 340
E of Orizaba, E 25 by N 100, lot 8, block F.
Railroad Homestead Association: $10.
Pacific States S. L. and B. Co. to Jennie Fer
guson (Mexwell). lot on SE line of McClHlan
(Andover) street. 25 N of Lincoln, N 50 by E
70. lots 171 and 173, Gift Map 1; $350.
William H. Finch to James H. and Ellen E.
Coates, lot on NE line of Eighteenth avenue.
275 SE of J Btreet. SE 60 by NE- 100, lot 14,
block Sol, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association; $10.
Laura F. Shew to Frank Jr. and Matilda A.
Toepfer, lot on SW line of Nineteenth avenue.
150 SE cf X street, SE 75 by SW 100. block SSB.
same; $10.
Ms.ry E. and William O. Mayers to Edward
W. and Mary J. Ooepfert. lot on SE line of
Athens street, 275 W of Brazil, SW 25 by SB
100, block 73, Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Alameda County.
Henry A. and Lucy Holland to Hanora Lerrt.
lot on south line Sixth street, 137:6 E of Har
rison. E 37:6 by S 100. being lot 12 and E half
of lot 11. block ss, Oakland; $10.
J. M. and Ada C. Shannon to Ida E. Wag
ner, all Interest in lot on west line of Tele
graph avenue. 70 S of Jones street, S 70 by W
100. being a portion of lots 2 and 3 on corrected
map of Jones" Tract, Oakland*. $10.
Rose and Antonio AL Borba to J. P. and
Elizabeth Durham, lo; on south corner of
Ayala avenue and Miranda st, SW 50 by SE
iEO, being lot 108, block E, Vicente Peralta Res
ervation Tract, Oakland; $250.
Charles and Rose Grlbble to Oakland Build-
Ing and Loan Association, lot on southeast line
of Twenty-first avenue. 50 SW of Twenty-sec
ond street, SW 77:6. SE 100. SW 12:6, SE 25.
NE K», NW 125 to beginning, block 67, on map
of Northern Addition to Brooklyn. East Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $10.
Minnie D. Janis to Adeline H. Brown, lot on
southeast corner of Fifth and Powell streets,
S CO by E 100, being lot 2, block 35, Beaudry &
Peladeau property. Oakland Township, subject
to mortgage for $700; $10.
Citizens Building and Loan Association of
San Francisco to Mathilda C. Anderson, lot
on W line of Willow street, 35 S of Seward, S
E0 by W 100. block 701. Oakland; $10.
Arthur W. and Ella A. Evans to F. A. Losh,
lot on N line of Twelfth street. 191 W of West,
W 34 by N 100, being lot 2S and W 9 feet of lot
27, block 182. Oakland (subject to deed of trust);
$10.
George W. and Abbie B. Fisher to Puget
Sound Lumber company (corporation), lot on
NW corner of East Eighteenth street and Sixth
avenue, N 100 by W 50, being portions of lots
11 and 12, block 104. Clinton, Eaßt Oakland; $10.
Rebecca and M. L. Wurts to Mary Donovan,
lots 7 to 10. block 175. on map of subdivision of
lots 12, 13 and 14 and a portion of lot 11, cor
rected map of Snyder Homestead Tract, Berke
ley; 110.
George W. McCain to Margaret McCain, lot
on east line of Bryant street. 124 NE Of Four
teenth street, N 70 by E 146, being lot 62 and
S 45 feet lot 61. block A, Resubdlvlelon Frult
val© Tract, Brooklyn Township; gift.
Frank and Florlnda Sobrero to R. E. Rag
land, lot on north line of Cypress street at SW
corner of lands of Sobrero by deed of Decem
ber 6, 1699, thence NE 100. SE 7, NE 100.21, SW
4, SW 100, NW 7, SW 100, SE 4 to beginning,
block 21, new map of Woodstock. Alameda,
quitclaim deed: $".
Manuel F. Mattos to G. M. Eaton, lot on
south line of Main street, beginning at NE cor
ner of lands of M. Torrey, thence S 203 to N
line of Mission street, thence E 42:3. N 210 to
S line of Main street, thence W 42:3 to begin
ning. Town of Irvington. Oakland; 1350.
William J. and Elsie S. Meyer to Bartley T.
Connelly, lot on west line of Campbell street,
150:7 S Railroad avenue or Seventh street. S 25
bj» W 75. being lot 23, block 500. map of Gib
buns' property at Oakland Point. Oakland; $750.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to George W. FJI
bert. lot 5, block H, map of Andrew Jones' sub
division of Brooklyn Township, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
California Realty Company (a corporation) to
Jane Mcßride. lots 84. 85, 114. 115. 122 and 123,
Elmhurst Park No. 2. Brooklyn Township; $10
William A. and Harriet N. Rlstenpart to Jo
seph D. Cuthbert. lot on S line of Bancroft
way. 100 W of Fulton street, thence S 50 for
point of beginning, thence S 40, W 80, N 40, E
80 to beginnlne, being the W 80 feet ot lot 20,
block 14, College Homestead Tract. Berkeley;
$100.
London and San Francisco Bank, Limited,
to Minnie C. Sadler, lot on SE corner of Sher
man and Julia streets, S 366:5. H 390 to center
of Sausal Creek, thence N to S line of Sherman
street, W 200 to beginning, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
John Holloway to A. R. Palmer, lot on D
line of Wilson avenue. 134 N of Chicago. N 25
by E 130. belnK lot 8, block F. revised map of
Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn Township; $75.
C. K. Hatch to Sarah C. Hatch, lot on E lm«
of Harrison street, 1494 N of Twelfth, N 78 by
E 150, being lot 14. Alice Park property, Oak
land; $1000.
Conrad Helmke to Claus Kroeger. lot 10,
block H. Revised Map, Oakland Heights. Oak
land ; $5550.
Carrie E. and Henry S. Bridge to Elizabeth
J. Bray, lot on NE line of East Fourteenth,
street. 237 NW of Twenty-third avenue, NW
£0:4 by NE 150, portion of Adam Cannon Tract,
East Oakland: $10.
Louis F. Dunand to Mlna Trimmer, lots II
and 22, block 31. on Smith's subdivision of por
tion of Matthews Tract. Berkeley; $SOO.
Elizabeth J. and Anthony Bray to same, lots
17 to 3S. block B. lots 18 to 27, block A, on Map
cf lots 12 to 17 of Baker's subdivision, portion of
lot 1, Yoakum Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
G. W. and Abbie B. Fisher to Puget Sound
Lumber Company (corporation), lot on N line
of East Fourteenth or Adam street, 682:9 W of
Adeline, W 25 by N 150. portion of lot 8, block
C. Revised Map of Oak Tree Farm Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Edward McLaughlin (owner) with George F.
and Henry N. Gray (contractors), architect
Charles Geddea— Concrete, cement, grading
work and e«werlng for building on Mission
street, near Third; $2769.
William Hatteroth (owner) with Commary &
Toms (contractors), architects Salfleld & Kohl
berg — All work for alterations and additions,
except plumbing, gas fitting and painting, to a
two-Btory frame buiMlng (flats), on N line of
Eddy Ftreet. 155 W of Devlgadero. W 25 by N
137:6; J3€so.
Philip E. Fraher (owner) with J. V. Camp
bell (contractor). — Brick work, plumbing, paint
ing, tinning, plastering, mill work, hardware,
glass, iron work, for a frame cottage, on N line
of Twenty-elxth Btreet, 60 W of Noe, W 40 by
N 114; $1740.
Timothy Hopkins (owner) with Ingerson &
Gore (contractors), architect Henry A. 6huli<v-
AII work for alteration and additions to 'brick
warehouse, on SK line of Bluxome street 253-2
NE of Fifth. NE 2C5:2V4. SE 240, SW 45:10%, NW
120. SW 159:4, NW 120; J5500.
Independent Electric Light and Power Com
pany (owners) with Jameß Conlln (contractor)
architects Reid Bros.— Galvanized iron and tin
work and corrugated Iron roofing for main cen
tral power station, between Humboldt and
Twenty-third (Nevada) streets, from W line of
Georgia eastward: sub-station B. on E line of
Eighth, between Mission and Minna, eub-6tatlon
C, on N line of Mission Mteet, between Third
and New Montgomery, and sub-station D, on N
line of Sacramento, between Montgomery and
Sansome; I&300.
A BRANCH i -<"« fcr Cal l advertisements and
Bubs^r*.; ti^n* has t»-en esfiblished at the
norhweit crrr.T c f Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky ft«.: cpen until » p. m.
A BRAXC3I office for the reception of adver-
tl*err.r-s nr.fi. Fub*cr)rticn« ha» be«n opened
at :::? v< :k **¦'¦ c r* n tin i p. m.
A r.r.AN^Ji rfnre for Call advertisements and
ratKrlptloai r-as been established at 1096 Va-
VALENCIA TO— TBur furnished rooms la nice
quiet family.
THE Oaks. 15? Third -A rood rooming house
for pood peorie. R. 11l GHES. Proprietor.
HOSEDALE House. Jl9 *: 221 Ellla St.— Rooms
nipht. 25c to Jl: week. Jl "5 to U: open night.
EHEKMAN Apartmer.t IIou!-e, £8 Eighth at..
near Market— Furr.i?hed trtd unfurnished.
ROOMS TO I.CT — Porn, and Infnrn.
O'FARRELL. :o— 6ur.ny furn;she<". rooms and
cTfice*; e'evatcr; electric lights; day. wit., mo.
O FAP.RELL. is::-funry unfurnished front
room r.lth alcove ar.d use cf bath.
lIOYAL Hciuh. B» El.is St.— lncandeecent light,
>ac.r.f room, emckmg room and ladies' par-
lor; room*, per nlefct. She to il WJ; week. It to
V: mcr.th, IS to Wi: elevatcr en office floor;
rooms with hot and ccld water; baths.
mc/w/o'V <fc co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMEI
I2S Market st.. between tth and ith.
Telephone South *47.
705. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and. upward; purse. $400.
Time— V*. :13; %, :37H; H. 1:01%; %, 1:28. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing.' Winner, W. Landsberg & Co's blk. h. by Imp. Whistlejacket-Grenadine. Storm - King
' galloped. Miss Poak held others safe. Meadowlark no speed. Scratched— Schiller 104, Sor
row 97. Anchored 86, Ricardo 109, Gold Baron 100.
Time i^ :12H: %• :35H: %. 1:00; T4. 1:2.".'.4. Good vtart. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing Winner, E. Corrigan's b. g. by Ben All-Hot Springs. Winner had all best of weights.
Sly' was ridden In Idiotic fashion. Scratched— Loch Katrine 90. —
704. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; allowances; three-year-olds and upward; purse, 1400.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hibernia Earings and Loan Boclety to Carl
J. E. Hatterius. lot on SW corner of Fifteenth
and Dolores street*. S 71 by W 140; $6300.
Clarence C. Burr. Mary Hudson and C. C.
Burr & Co. to Emelie "W. Burr, lot on SW cor
nerof Union and Cough streets. S 117:6 by W
11-6:7. quitclaim deed; SIC.
George H. Malter to Joteph C. Harris, lot on
E line of Scott street. 100 N of McAllister. N
66 :« by E 100; 110.
Mary A. Dunn to Joseph Camilloni. lot on E
line cf Vincent street. 117:* N of Green. N 19
by E ES:9; $10.
William Bacome to Sarah Bacome, lot on NW
line of Clementina street. 225 NE of Fourth, NE
25 by NW 80; gift.
Mutual Savings Bank of San Francisco to
Edward B. Hindes. lot on NW corner of Cali
fornia and Jones etroets, W 115. N 137:6, E 10.
S 12:6, E 103. S 103: 110.
Francis and Dorette Spiller to Bela R, Spil
ler lot en E line of Twenty-sixth avenue. 100
S of Clement street. S X by E 81:3; J2OOO.
Edward B. and Mary F. Hlndea to William
EAXLROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
CorcJnenclnjf October 1. 1235.
FROM B AN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
•WKJEK DATti-1:«0. •»:*), U:00 a. m.: "1:45.
•t:407l:15. *¦*>. «:*> 9- «•
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San Ra-
f&el. on Mondays, Wednesdays and B«turd*y».
at 9:00 and 11:30 d. ca.
BUNDAYS-»l:0O, »18:00, 11M a. m.; "IUS.
t:r>. *4:45. 8:21. 9:C6 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to Saa Quvntln.
FROM BAN RAF ACL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-S:M. •€:». 1:43. «9:*) a. m.l
•U:W. 2:15^:40 »S:IS p. ro.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wedn««4aya and
Saturdays at (:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:». »M:00, 11:43 a. m.;
•1:40. *S:l5, 4:48. **:30 v. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Qnenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY3-C:45. 6:45. 7:55. »:45 a. in.:
12.55. J:SS. i:U. 6:20 p. tn.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. "Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 P. m.
SUNDATB— «:«. 10:08 a, tn.; II4S. 1:15, tM,
i:00. «:4S p. m.
THROCOH TRAINS, i
Trf» a. m- week days— Caaadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m- Saturday »— Tomal»s and way station*.
I^o*. ra. Buxi&vttm-Xomtin aad way auu^na.
Time— X -24; %. :47%: \. 1:13. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Earnshaw
Brothers' b. g., by St. Cyr-Mlss Goodrich. Thoburn outgamed Peace. Mocorito could not
get up Others outdated. Scratched— lnvtrary II 98, Loving Cup 108.
701. SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling; two- year-olds; purse, >400.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J Stein, Grass Valley
W Barklage, Georgetn
O Goldsmith. St Paul
Mrs N Green, Cal
H L. Roberts. Belmont
F Sehlea, Sacto
C Boyling, a S Ind
A Red ford. S S Ind
J E Denny, S S Ind
C E Reucht. Stanford
C D Galvin. ».eddlng
J Schell. Douglas Isld
A H Wheeler & w. Cal
F W Stewart, Sn Joae
P F Webster. Chicago
E M Roeenthal. S Jose
M Boem. Ft Jonea
W W Priestly. Cal
F L Mounet &. w, Cal
D Sullivan, Cal
F C Nichols, N T
Mrs J A Shephard. NY
M McWhorter, Cal
G Maher & w, Fresno
J B Pomeroy. Denver
W H La Baree & w.Cal
W H McG<»an. Cleveld
M J Wright. Sacto
J Clinton. Sacto
Mrs F Hamilton, "Wash
Mrs T Underwood. CaJ
J McCudden, VaJleJo
Miss McCudden, VallJo
J E Davis, Fresno
T F Bradley. Stanford
P M Breen, ftolllster
E E Endlcott. Jackson
O Lavenson, Sacto
E Ward. Sacto,,
S E Lutz. Ket* Tork
D L Smith, DanvllU
J A O'Connor. Va
Mrs M B Gay, Clayton
J B Gay & w. Spokane
jMlss Wlnn, Los Ang
C F Bryant. Cal
G G Radelin*. Cal
L, L, McCoy. Red Bluff
W S Stoddard, R Bluff
J A Black. Chicago
C L Palte. Shasta
O B Sheellne, Sylvanlto
Mrs M E Blthell Sao
•Miss E Feney, Sacto
Miss F Lanne, Denver
T Morgan, Cleveland
Miss Brown Pa
M B Brown' & w. Pa
PALACE HOTEL.
E J Brown, Chicago
J Stanton. Troy
Miss Stanton, Troy
T J Sklllln. Chicago
W W Chapln. Sacto
A R Rogers. Minn
W W Foote, Oakland
G E Goodman Jr. Cal
R B Miller. Or
8 Parliament, 111
J E Pipher. Sacto
Mrs Pipher. Sacto
J G Weatherwax, N M
Ed Garrett. Seattle
E Durand. Chicago
W J Clemen*. Or
R E Jack. San Luis
C R Russell. Kan City
E H Noyes, Boston
W G Baker, . Boston
H Lea. Los Angeles.
A Schilling. Oakland
W McCreery. Neb
Mrs McCreery. Neb |
W J Burns, Portland I
Emit Pick, N V
E T Judd. Hartford
L. D Fisk, Hartford
A B Bcully, Chicago
Mrs Ecullyf'chlcaif
f, ww o Tetle y. S Rafael
1
Mrs Prestay, Or
Mrs G C Flarei. Or
G S yon Urdelstadt
San Mateo
S C Tooker. Minn
E A Heron, Oakland
Mrs Heron. Oakland
C B Kaufman. Menlo
Mrs Kaufman. Menlo
N G Pierce, St Louis
Mrs Pierce, 8t Louis
E W Churchiir, Napa
Mrs Churchill, Napa
M J Dowlin*. Minn
Mrs B H Adams. Cal
Mrs E B Perrin ArU
Mrs Burns, Portland
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
J P Elliott. Martinez
J Eastern, Carson City
H Vivian, Fresno
J C Smith, Ukiah
J Boyle. Marysville
N Neville, 8 Barbara
II James, Ban Joae -"
W D Coffin, Denver
J Banc-y, Sacramento
C S Fisher, San Jose
V W Kalatlof. Llverm
T Leahy, Calistoea
H Dlxon, . Monterery
P F Moran. Los Ang
J L. Jacob Eon. Fresno
P F Daly. Oakdale
Mrs J Daniel, Lea Ang
T i me yi ;i2^4; '%, :86: H, 1:01. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. "Winner.
J Anthony's b. f., by Sam Lucaa-Turquolse. Result never looked in doubt. Mountebank
had plenty of speed. Gussie Fay rated with poor success. Scratched— Artllla 106, Aborigine
105. Formatus 107 SummerllO^
7{»O. FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued from Page Eight.
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend No. 76 'fwprity-
ftve cer.ts per share! cf the Hutchlr.scn Surar
Plantation Corr.rar.y will be payable at the
ofSce cf the company. No. X 27 Market St.. on
ar.4 after Tuesday. Feb. 80. ISOO. Transfer
locks will close en Wednesday, Feb. 14, ISOO,
at Z o'clock r ra.
E. H. SHELDON*. Secretary.
Republican Nominations.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MARTSVILLE. Feb. 15.— The Republi
cans of Marysville in convention to-night
nominated a ticket for the municipal elec
tion, which will take place March 19, as
follows: Mayor, C. S. Brooks (incumbent)-
Treasurer. W. C. Swain (incumbent;
Clerk and Aesessor, F. E. Smith (Incum
bent): Councilman, First Ward. James C.
Baldwin: Second Ward. F. W. Potter-
Third Ward. C. A. Barnes: Fourth Ward',
Phil J. Divver; School Commissioners—
Dr. D. Powell, J. E. Boorman, H. B. P.
Garden; Levee Commissioners— W. T El
113 Sr.. W. T. Ellis Jr. and John a White.
LESSE3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Maritst St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK I>AYS5 — T:M. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:3?.
S:3O, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:"». 9:20. 11:00 a, m.: 1:30. *:£),
5:00. «::» p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— «:I'J, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 13:43.
3:40. s:r> r. m. Saturdays— Extra trlj>» at
\:"> and 6r«5 p. m.
'SUNDAYS— B:I J. S:4O. 11:10 a. ra. : 1:W. 2:40, 5:05,
6:23 p. m
Between San FrancUca and. Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
STANFORD TEAM WINS.
Nine of the Santa Clara College Loses
to th© Cardinal.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 15.— The baseball jama
at Santa Clara to-day between the Banta
Clara College nine and the team from
Stanford was won by Stanford by a score
of 8 to 6. The game was close and excit
ing. In the sixth tnnins the score stood
5 to 1 In favor of Santa Clara. Heavy
stick work on the part of Stanford soon
changed the complexion of things.
Batteries: Stanford — Lannigan and
Strohn; Santa Clara— Kelly and Graham.
Umpire, Anderson.
~*S:l3a Newark. C'enterriilc.b'ao Jose. Frltco.
lioalder Creek.Sacta Cruz an J Way
euuocs •Sis**}
t*i 1 3r Kewsrk Conterrtlle. Ran Jose, Nsv
Alnauen. Feltou, 15ouliler t'reek.
Basts t'roi and l'xiscijal Way
BUtioat fl«iA««
'Mil3pl7rvark.»an Jose. Let Catoa. ~U:JO*
IllitSr Iltir.vn' Ezeurslcn. San Jom aad
• Way.Statia^s t?»»Mj
C9AST DITInIOS (Narrow tiaage}.
(Took ct Market .Street. l
f-TOCKTON TLACE. 10— Dcuble and alngle
rooms to rer.t. tj ur.
tun — Fitou Vicr-ißca. IX 1339. — *utrf«
•7:O«a Benlcfa. Soisun, Eimira. VacaTUle,
Ruajjeyaau yacraaento r *7rl3g
•7tO6&Ska«U Exprcss-Dari*. Widows,
Rea EluffT PcrtJacd «7i43f
*7>3«a Martinez, t'in Jtaracn, Vallojo. Na^a,
Callstcn ats.l Hania Kosa *«tt3>
•»:3O* Tho OTerlamlLlxited— Ocdec. I>ea.
»er, Odita. c.'bicaco # 3il3a
•8)3»* San Jose. LlTenEore. Stockton,
lone. SaeranieDtrt, FiacerriUew
MarjsTllle. CLiA. I>4 Ulnil *IiI3»
••j3O» 'Milton, OAkdalo ami t-'oucra MilM
•O:O«a Harwvds. NilisaM Way Stations. «1 li 1 3 41
••rtM)A Daria. Woodland. Kaiihi* Laa.iina.
ilarrrtii:9. Oro? ill<v »Ti-131l
•9:«O» Atiastio Kxpres*— OctXen anj Ka»; "J: 13*,
*9>O«a Martinez, Tr u-t, La:_rop. Stodctco.
Merc *U and Frcsao. •I*sl3«
•Old* Per: Cost*. I'temo. Ucjara and Los
Angeles. •«:«*
•l«:OOt Valiejo. MartineJ anil Way Stations *0: 15p
•I 1:OO v UaywirJs. Xiles ar.l Woy Staticcs. -itiiß
•litO'JM *.u-:s. Ij»ermor-. sacra-
¦coto. Slemloti, ll&nfcid. V uoiLi.
FcKertlllo •!¦¦••
? l:««r Sacramento Uirer Steamers 4H«o«»
•StOOp forwards. Niks and Way SUtiosf. *3: 13»
M:0»r Martluez. Ha lUmon, ValleK
Nap*. Callsiog*, SiinU Rosa •»tl3*
•4i««r Benlcii. Vaca»:l>. Bacr*mentow
Woodlaml, Kntcbta Laodicg,
sl»rj!>Ti:i-, Or>Ti!> •••s-tS*
Mil*? Nlloa, Ban Jose and Stockton •?:13y
••«•©* Tb« Owl Limited— Tracy, Frenxv
BakersfleiU, i>aagus fcr bact» V\i-
bara. Lrs Arscl'S. •I«»*43*
«3i«tr Sonet Lizited-U Paao. Kew Or-
leans md Eut et»:l3*
•SiSOr Stockton. Mrrcerf. Fresno *12i13»
*3>SOr Fresno, UakersUelii, Haiita Karharm.
I.cs ADgclea, Iteming; Xl Paaot
New Orleans and Cast M;in 4
•3i3or Banta Fe lioute — Atlautio EjpreM
for Miijite :;: i ;;a.,» *A:tl«
••iO4>r Ilajwarda, I«i:-. j ai.a i=*a Jcsa •7t4»*
t«:3Qr Vaflejo •I2sl-1*
•oi3»r Oriental Moil— OjJensndEart •S:30»
17:00r ValleJo, l'iit Cost* ar.d Way bu-
ttons. tSi33»
•SiwSr Oregon and California Kiirm, t-»o-
ramento, Marjstille. I*e<lil!ug.
rnrtlan.l. Tuget Horn..! ami Taut *5»134
FAVORITES
RUN TRUE TO
THEIR FORM
Victor Queen Wins the Mid
week Stake at Ingleside
Coursing Park,
J. R. Smith's greyhound Victor Queen
won the deciding course in the midweek
stake at Ingleside Coursing Park yester
day, with Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara run
ner up. Favorites ran true to form, cap
turing the majority of the courses. The
day'B results, with the official scores, fol
low:
¦ Midweek stake — Conneil Brothers' Good Byo
beat E. D. Fallon's Little T G. 8—0: E. M.
Kellogg's lowa Boy beat J. McDermott's Morn
ing Star. 11-6; H. G. Nichols 1 May Herschel
beat R. Attrfdjce's Masterpiece, £-3; Ru»seli,
Allen & Wilson's Charming Belle beat E. M.
Kellogg's Lady Gllmore, 12—8: Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara a bye; Sterl & Knowles' OUta, beat
Sam Handy"s Free and Easy. 6—l: J. J. Ed
monds' Mornlnsr Glory beat J. Burke" s Rich
and Artless, 4—l; Lowe & Thompson's Fairy
Footstep beat Kay Brothers' Ada. 6—2; Frank
X. Foley's Alarue beat W. Perry's Campania,
»-2; J. J. Edmonds' Go On beat J. R. Smith's
Victor, 4—3; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss
Penman beat Kay Brothers" Lady Ethel, 2*-0;
H. G. Nichols' Yreva beat Lynch & Foulkes"
Bannister 6—o: Sam Handy"s Lady Hugo beat
S. V. <y Neil's Queen Kelp, B—2; Caveney &
Joy's Juliet beat P. Horgan's Lawton's Bri
gade, 15—6; E. M. KeUo»-g's Hummer beat Con
neil Brothers' Kilkelly, 13— i; D. Riordan's
Mollle R beat J. Walsh's Sweet Marie, 3—2;
John Strehl's Three Cheers beat Conneil Broth
ers" Master Morse. 14—4; J. R. Smith" s Victor
Queen beat Lowe A* Thompson's Llttlo Fuller
ton. 13—4.
Second round— Good By^beat lowa Boy, 7—3;
May Herschel beat Charming Belle, 8—2,"
O'Hara beat Morning Glory. *— 2; OUta beat
Fairy Footstep, 14—12; Go.On beat Alarue, B—2;
Miss Penman beat Yreva, '8—0; Lady Hugo beat
Juliet. 13—1; Hummer beat Mollle R» 6—2: Vic
tor Queen beat Three Cheers, a — 2.
Third round— Good Bye beat May Herschel.
3—4; O'Hara beat Go On, B—3; Miss Penman
beat Ollta, 19-6; Lady Hugo beat Hummer.
4—o; Victor Queen a bye.
Fourth round— O'Hara beat Good Bye, U— i;
Victor Queen beat Miss Penman, ft—o; Lady
Hu~o a bye.
Fifth round— O'Hara a' bye; Victor Queen
beat Lady Hugo. 6—o.6 — 0.
Final— Victor Queen beat O'Hara, 12— «.
THIS WEEK'S STAKE.
An open stake with seventy-two entries
is the card offered by the management of
Ingleside Coursing Park this week. Cours
ing will commence on Saturday at 12:30
and on Sunday at 11:30. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
P. M. Clarkson's Blackhawk vs. R. B. de B.
Lopez's McGregor; T. Lendewlff's White Chief
vs. A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Mike Davey vs. E. McCormlck's Val
ley Forge; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael vs. Bar
tel Bros.' Beer Brewer; E. M. Kellogrg's lowa
Maid vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's MacDougal; T.
A. Gaffney's False Flatterer vs. J. P. Thrift's
Forget; T. .Logan's Leah vs. Dr. A. T. Leon
ard's Master Lawrence; Lowe & Thompson's
Little Fullerton vs. J. J. Edmond's Morning
Glory; J. O'Shea's Golden Rule vs. Captain
Cane's Greenball; H. Lynch's Benicia Boy vs.
J. R. Smith's Victor Queen; Al Austin's Firm
Foe v«. Bartcls Bros.' Border's Best; A. Mas
sey's Hadlwlst vs. J. Carroll's Blue Stone; A.
Van den Burgh's Kitty V vs. T. Logan's Miss
Grizzle; M. B. Kavanagh's Hard Lines vs.
Lowe & Thompson's. Prince Hal; F. Moran's
Bit of Fashion vs. D. J. Healey's Grenada: H.
Lynch's Lottie M vs. J. Carroll's Auckland;
J. R. Smith's Victor vs. T. Butler's Susie; H.
A. Deckelman's Lawrence vb. F. A. McComb's
Walt a Bit: D. J. Healey's Maori Land vs.
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Miss Penman: F.
X. Foley's Alarue vs. F. yon Soosten's Mag
net; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Palm Flower vs.
W. Stark's Thunderbolt; H. A. Deckelman's
Prince George vs. J. O'Ehea's Young America:
P. Horgan's Manila vs. J. O'Shea's Young
Flrenzi: Conneil Bros." Mammy Pleasant vs.
H. A. Deckelman's Miss Flyaway; J. I.
O'Brien's Pasha Queen vs. Lynch & Foulke's
Banastar; Conneil Bros.' Log- Boy vs. P. Hor
gan's Lucretla Borgia: F. McCorab's Miss Sky
rocket vs. D. Toland's Pleasant Girl; Rnssell.
Allen & Wilson's Julius Caesar vs. Conneil
Bros.' Et. Helen; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs.
J. J. McHugh's Moss Rose; Bartela Bros.'
Baron Blood vs. Conneil Bros.* Green Isle: J.
Strehl's Three Cheers vs. D. J. Healey's Ma«
gle N; D. Toland's Twilight Jr. vs. J. J. Ed
mond's Go On; E. M. Kellogg" s Hummer vs.
E. M. Kellogg" s lowa Boy; T. A. Gaffney's Sir
John Arnott vs. H. Lynch's Lexington: Rus
sell. Allen & Wilson's Rosla Claire vs. Conneil
Bros.' Clover; T. Murphy's Tea Rose vs. H. A.
Deckelman's Glen Chloe.
GIVES UP
CONTROL OF
WHEEL RACES
League of American Wheelmen
Also Abolishes Amateur
Membership Clause.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 15,-The Na
tional Assembly of the League of Ameri
can Wheelmen to-day reflnaulshed con
trol of racing and abolished the amateur
clause of membership. All other refer
ences to amateur wheelmen were stricken
from the constitution. The amendments
bringing about this sweeping change in
the conduct of the league were offered' by
I. B. Potter, and were adopted amid the
cheers of the delegates. These questions
and that of the establishment of good
roads occupied the attention of the dele
gates until a late hour this afternoon-
There were but four votes against the
abolition of the racing ' and amateur
clauses.
At the afternoon session the following
officers were elected: President, Conway
W. Sams, Maryland; first vice president.
Robert T. Klngsbury, New Hampshire:
second vice* president, A. B. Choate. Min
nesota; treasurer, James C. Tattersall.
New Jersey; auditing committee— Clarence
W. Small, Maine; Aaron Wolfson, Massa
chusetts: T. M. Skyles, Maryland.
A resolution was offered by H. B. Holl
berton of New York that the* matter of
future publication of the L. A. W. Bul
letin be referred to the executive comlt
tee with Instructions to report at the pres
ent meeting if possible. The good roads
question was brought forward by' a
lengthy resolution, which aroused consid
erable discussion relative to its constitu
tionality. Th© following substitute was
adopted: •
"That the movement to secure action by
Congress relative to national road Im
provement be heartily approved and that
a committee consisting of I. B. Potter,
A. Willson. A. B. Choate and F. P. Van
\\ alkenburg be appointed to consider the
proposed legislation."
A resolution was adopted recommend
ing th© passage of the bill now in Con
gress making larger appropriations for
the Lnited States office of road inquiry,
and recommending Otto Dorner of Mil
wakee for the position of director of the
office.
GEYSER TOO
SPEEDY FOR
YELLOWTAIL
Beats the Chestnut Colt Gal
loping and Lowers a
Coast Record.
It seemed like throwing money to the
birds to back Yellowtail against Geyser,
but that is what a great many did at
Tanforan Park yesterday. The pair
clashed In a seven-furlong ruji,' with such
a rugged play on Foster & Hackett's big
colt at 2Vz to 1 that Geyser's price length
ened to Ito 2. Yellowtall, with Sly at his
heels, went out In front with his usual
showing of speed, but flattened out Badly
before the wire was reached, Geyser win
ning galloping In 1:25 H. a new coast rec
ord. The winner carried only 107 pounds
and looked a legitimate 1 to 4 chance.
In the other events favorites were but
twice successful. Spencer wearing the
empty honors of getting beaten on three.
The weather was summery and the track
in faultless condition.
The defeat of Zoroaster by Potente in
the mile and a furlong handicap caused
consternation In the camp of the short
end players. Chimura was the only other
starter, and with US pounds up, Zoroaster
fell in for heavy support at 1 to 2/
T. Walsh made all the running with Po
tente. winning ridden out a length before
the Shields entry in 1:53%. The latter did
not finish in his usual resolute fashion,
probably being a bit short.
Fast but faint-hearted Oussle F"ay was
sent to the post a slight favorite over
Ella Boland for the opening flve-furlong
scramble. Spencer tried his hand at rat
ing 'her, and she ran unplaced. Riding a
nice race on Ella Boland, Tullett landed
the filly a handy winner over the 15 to 1
shot Isaline. Mountebank finished a close
third.
With Sofala scratched from the two
year-old dash, Corrigan's W. F. Tarpey
ruled an overwhelming favorite. Johnny
Daly on Intrepido broke In advance of hia
Held, leading to the paddock, where the
favorite collared and beat him out with
out effort. Moonbright lost the show to
Scotch Belle.
Mocorlto, an even money favorite, could
finish no better than third in the Blx-fur
long selling recital. Never overburdened
with superfluous speed, she was beaten
to the tape by both Harry Thoburn and
Peace, the former scoring by a neck.
Clght to one was laid about the winner
at post time.
Finally striking a Boft spot, Storm King
romped In ahead of his company in the
last event, at seven furlongs. Miss Soak,
a £5 to 1 shot, took the place from Dr.
Marks.
Track Notes.
As there seemed to be a misunderstand
ing all around, Bookmaker Joe Rose was
notified yesterday by President Williams
of the Oakland track that at an early date
his case would be reviewed before the
stewards. Because of receiving no formal
notification Rose was not present at the
stewards' meeting when the ruling was
made warning him off the course across
the bay.
To-day's Entries.
First race — One and a sixteenth miles: four
year-olds and upward; selling:
764 None Such 101] 753 Rapido 101
770 Dostown 109| 795 Dr. Marks 101
707 Tom Cromwell.. 109 714 Socialist 106
773 Inverary II 106 1 763 Einstein 106
751 Lavator 961 662 Pins •• 106
Second race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling: ¦
754 Racetto 109 (71S)Bandwa 107
6"5 S. Dannenbaum.lOJ 782 Formatus 109
789 Red Cherry 107 784 Aborlgne 109
754 Choteau 112 79<j»March 8even....107
Third race— Five furlongs; four-year-old* and
upward:
(6?2)Jael U*l 738 Espirando 118
(795) Storm King 121 774 Vloris 118
752 Rosalbra I*l 763 Grand Sachem.. US
756 Orion US (C63)MaxellQ lIS
773 Pongo 121 736 Mainstay 121
748 Campus 117 ... Odds On 114
419 Sir Urtan 114
Fourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward: handicap:
790 nurdock 90! 733 Tlmemaker 115
769 F W. 8r0de....1041(762)Frank Bell 110
792 Morcortto ....... 107 j 766 Yemen 107
775 Headwater 1091
Fifth race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; purse:
754 Summer 107' 762 Mission 107
701 Almendral 107] ... Hiram Johnson. lol
777 Devereaux 107 i 772 Mildred Hughes.lo2
636 May Gertrude. ..lo2! 784 Silver Tall 104
744 St. Anthony 1041 772 Glocoso 104
782 Mortgage 102 754 Will- Fay 104
790 Mountebank ....1041
Sixth race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward:
760 Scintillate 118 633 Anchored 114
700 Correct 114 539 St. Apolllnarls. .ll4
610 Miss Reel HI 619 Modwena 112
756 Cymona 112 414 Formella 116
(609) Jockey Bill 113 755 Gold Baron 114
756 Ricardo US'
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Lavator, Einstein, Plngr.
Becond race— Choteau, Bandera, Racetto.
Third race— Storm King, Vlorls, Orion.
Fourth race— Schorr stable. Headwater.
Fifth race — Mortgage, May Gertrude, Moun
tebank.
Sixth race— St. Apolllnarls, Jockey Bill. Miss
Reel.
H.. Emma and Mollle Cassldy. and nephew of
years' rler - a native of Idaho, aged 2S
f> ! n^ F i rie . n(l 5 Bnd acQualntances are respect-
rJ>v.~ invlt ' d t( > attend the funeral Sunday,
R'tri a . ry 18< at x o'clock, from the Armory.
't. iil" Btreet - Interment National Ceme-
tery. Presidio. Cal.
M v^f BEItS cr Company X, First California
\ olunteers. and members of Company X, N.
„« l,? T Z lr - E fueted to assemble at the Arra-
t>rj, sis Ellis Btreet. Sunday, February 13. at
1- o clock, to attend the funeral of our de-
ceased comrade. Private James J. Cassldy.
Ij.u> uniforms and white gloves.
T CARLTON W. SEELY.
l-Me Oaotaln Company X, First Califor-
nia Volunteers.
COXNELL— In this city. February 13, 1900, Pat-
rick Conneil. a native of Ballymote. County
fa'igo, Ireland, aged &0 years.
E^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
rully Invited to attend the funeral this day
IJrlday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
CURRAN— A month's mind requiem high mass
mil he celebrated for the repose of the eoul
of the late Ann Curran this day (Friday),
at 9 o'clock, at St. June* Church, Twenty-
th.rd and Guerrero streets.
FLYNN— In Oakland, February 14. 1900. Mary
r lynn, widow of the late Timothy Flynn.
and lovinsr and devoted mother of Dennis H.
McNamara and John, Maurice, Timothy and
Mary Flynn. a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 63 years.
E7" Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. IJ€l Eighteenth street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
FRANCK— In Santa Clara. February 15, 1900.
Caroline Franck, beloved wife of ex-Senator
F. C. Franck, and mother of Mrs. W. A.
Lalne and Fred C. Franck Jr., a native of
Germany, aged 63 years and S months.
KTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully lnvied to attend the funeral, which will
take clace from her late residence, corner of
Washington and Benton streets. Santa Clara,
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment at Santa Clara.
GARVEY— In this city, February 15. 1900.
James Garvey. a native of Ireland, aged 70
y;ars. .
ILV Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at o'clock, from the parlors
cf McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street. b"e-
tween Eighth and Ninth.
GIANETTONI-In this city. February 15. 1900,
Stephen Edward, deiarly beloved son of Ca-
rnlllo and Annie Gianettonl. and brother of
Hattle. Mamie and Katie Gianettoni. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 years and 3
months.
(CTFrienfis and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at lv o'clock, from hia parents'
residence, 15104 Powell street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GniMENSTEIN— In this city. February 14.
IS-00. Annie E. H.. beloved daughter of Henry
and Gertie Grlmensteln. and beloved Bister
cf Mamie. Ella, Johnnie. Frank and Elmer
Grirr.enstein. a native of Redwood City, aged
22 years Z months and 6 days.
HALEY— In this city. February 13, 1900, Mary.
beloved wife of William Haley, and mother
of Christooher J., Mary A. and Willie A.
Haley and Mrs. Charles Kaufman and the
late J. B. Owens, a native of County Kerry.
Ireland. a?ed €2 years.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at $:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. f.l^A Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, eommenelns at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HASKELL— In Oakland. February 14, 1900.
Geonre R. Haskell, a native of Missouri, aged
22 years.
tLTTrier.ds and acQualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Frlday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 22? McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HYDE— In this city. February 15, 1900. Mary
Hyde, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
72 years.
KISTENMACHER-In this city. February 14.
DM, Frederick, dearly beloved and only child
of Henry and Helene Klstenmacher. a native
of San Francisco, aped 2 years 2 months and
B days.
C?" The funeral will take place this day
fFrlday). at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 3C-348 Sixteenth street, between
Mission and Valencia. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
LEE— In this city. February 14. 1500. Diron
Louis Lee, beloved husband of Rosetta Sedge-
ley Lee. a native of San Francisco, acred 31
year*.
C7" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Mission Masonic Tem-
ple. J?6S Mission Etreet. under the auspices of
Mission Lod^e No. 163. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
LUGEFSKI-In this city. February 14. IPOO.
Fred Lupefski. a native of Germany, aged 63
years.
C Remains at the rarlors of the Henry J-
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street.
MOORE— In this city. Grace, beloved daughter
of James !¦:. and Annie Moore, a native of
Francisco, aged IS days.
PARKER— In Oakland, February 14, 1900, at
1521 Ninth street. Miners Marion Parker.
father of Mrs. W. A. Belden. Mrs. T. G.
Oajmor. Mrs. D. D. Mcßae. Mrs. H. E. Bell.
Mrs. T. J. Moore and B. E. and R. S. Par-
ker, a native of Delaware, aged €1 years 4
months and 20 days.
PEPPERiIAN— In this city. February 15, 1900.
Peter X.. beloved husband of Mrs. E. B. Pep-
r«rman, a*red 36 years. A member of Court
Mopnt Diablo No. US, F. of A.
CTRemains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maa<f, 917 Mission street. .-
QI'INN— In this city. February 14. 1900, Hugh
Quinn. beloved father of Miss Kate. Michael
and Acnes Quinn, Mrs. S. Smith and Hugh
Quinn Jr.. a native of Ireland, aged 90 years.
RIEDINGER— In this city. February 15. 1&00,
Laura, beloved daughter of William and
Helena Kiedinger, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years and 2 months.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 3012 Twenty-sixth etreet.
th>nce to St. Anthony's Church for services.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
RYAN— In the City and County Hospital, Feb-
ruary 13. 1&00, Isaac F. Ryan, a native of
New Hampshire, aged 61 years.
ECHOENFELDER— In Oakland. February 16.
ISOO. Walburga, beloved wife of John Scboen-
f elder, a native of Baden. Germany, atred 64
years S months and 25 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, February IS, at 1 o'clock, at the
family residence. 11£3 Willow street. West
Oakland. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Han Francisco.
EEKNAU— In this city, February 15, 1900, Wal-
ter D.. beloxed son of John and Annie Ser-
" nuu. a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and S months.
SHAW— In this city, February 14. 1900. Stephen
W. Fhaw (artist), beloved husband of Lucre-
tia S. Shaw, a native of Vermont, aeed 82
years and 2 months.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
February IS, at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 911 Guerrero street, thence to Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, where the funeral services will be
conducted under the auspices of California
Lodge No* 1. P. and A. M. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. February IS, 1900, Norine.
infant daughter of John and Maggie Smith, a
native of San Francisco.
STULZ— Killed In action in Calumpit, P. 1.,
April 24. VtVa, Charles Stulz, beloved son of
. Mr. and Mrs. William Stulz, and beloved
' brother of William. Amelia. Fred, Henry.
' Frar.k and Gecrge Stulr, a native of Santa
Rosa, aced 24 years and 4 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
February IS, at 2 o'clock, from the Y. M. C.
A. building. Presidio. Interment National
Cemetery.
THOMPSON— At Berryman station, Berkeley,
February 14, 1500, Peter, beloved husband of
Jennie Thompson, eon of Mary and the late
W. S. Thompson, son-in-law of William Nor-
rls. »nd brother of Mrs. R. Chandler, Mrs.
S. Springer and the late Joseph Domenic.
William S. and Sarah ThomDson. Mrs.' J.
Your.klns and Mrs. J. Wyatt, a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years and 6 days.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, northwest corner of Shattuck ave-
nue and Kcw» street, Berryman station,
Berkeley, thence to St. Joseph's Church for
services, thence to creek route boat at 1
o'clock for Mount Calvary Cemetery, San
Francisco. *
WILLIAMS— In this city. February IS. 1300,
Annie Williams, beloved wife of David J.
WilHams. mother of George DlJeau, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Earnest R. Gercken. and
sister of William and Charles Gercken and
Susan Denu. a native of San Francisco, aged
88 years and 25 days.
Cf7"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
February IS. at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street,
thence to Native Sons' Hall. Mason street,
between Post and Geary, where services will
be held under the aucpices of Alta Parlor
No. ». N. D. Q. W.. at 2 o'clock. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BAIXSOAD TBAVEZh
¦•CTHCR. 1 ! rAt'iric coari.iT.
(rACIFSO HTSTIM.t
Tralsa !•»«<• nail nr« dv» to «rrl*« at
SAN VIIASVtSVU.
(Ham Una. Foot cf Market Street )
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1900.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bou^hT'ecldT^machlne'Vup^
p^es Standard Agency.l4l €th: phene Mint 45.
ALL kicfls bought, sold. exchan«red. rented: re-
r^trinr «t lnwut raten. ~!5 Fourth «t.
3TADLES TO LET.
STABLE cf S stalls end yard. KTchesleTTC
b*t wee- Seventh and E'.phth. efT Bryant.
MOIIAGi; AND WAREHOCSES.
PIERCE^ROrJOLPH^t^iree and~7Jov«Sß~~Co"
Ofr.ce 4CI Pest Ft., cor. Powell: teL Main 571 J.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
OAKLAND Branch Office cf The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tiFemer.ts and *übse-r!ptions r»ceU-ed.
OAKLAND FURXITIRE TOR SALG.
AN introduction to you frora H. Schellbaai. th»
furm'.tur* dealer, llta and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adrer-
t!»orr:ent9 and subscriptions received.
Leavo Arrlva
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
j : October 13, <
Week Sun- 1S». Sun- "W-«ic
Days. I days. | Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am! 8:00 amj N'ovato. |19:4J am| S:4") ara
8:30 pmj 9:30 ami Petaluma. B:iK pm M:l' an
5:10 pm : 5:O pm; Santa Rosa. | 7:33 pm[ 8:12 pra
• I
2£ABHIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage !icen?es have be^n Issued as follows: 1
Lru'.s EdPlftein. S3. IT Hayr.-ards Ftreet, and j
Ro?J« Lichtensteln. 23. 14 Harriet street.
Joroph H. Doll.* 4-3. S4! McAllister street, and ',
Jennie A. Tucker, 232 Turk Ftreet.
Ar^elo Dcrenzi. 21. 6 Varennei street, and \
Csnr.fla Torrano. i<. 3: s K»aray ftreet.
Qs»m BjFUimij X. 1M Pacific etre*t, ar.d Alice j
E. !Uns»n, Potrero.
Krar.k J. Sullivan. Jl, 1?;S Harrison Ftreet,
er.i Mau<3e Hayiien. IS, ICII Vermijjt street.
William C. t=s>er:ce. 21. €1S Howard street, and 1
Mary Vauehan. 3«. €13 Howard street.
Michael J. Kelieher. 25. i:43S Harrison Ftreet. I
• n<l Minnie Reynolds. 23. li4S l j t HarriFon street, j
Daniel Smith. 12. Sebastc&ol, and Minnie I
TV.hr.. S*. Santa R<wa.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. |
Birth, marriage and dea'h notices sent by
ir.ail «m not be inserted. They must be handed
in st eltber of the publication offices &nd b«
ir.Sorf-ii with the name and residence of per-
• -cs authorized to have the came published.
BOBN.
CHENET-In this city. February 11. IWO. to
the wife of Thomas W. Cteney of Bodega, a
son. -..'¦" »
UANIKLP— In Oakland. Cal., February 14. 1&00,
to the wife d P. I. Daniels, a daughter.
BTAPICSf-Ia thla c'.ty. February U, IMO, to
the wife of C. I). 6tarl«. a daughter.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(CopyrlEht, 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN PARK. Thursday, February 15, 1900.— WeaUaer j^ e - Traxkfaat.
Fulton. .
7:33 am Windsor. 13:33 ara
Healdsburs.
Lyttcn.
GeyservUle,
3:33 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:53 pmj t:22 pxa
7:3oam! IHopland and!
1 8:00 amj Uklah. | 7:33 pm| t:Z2 pna
7:39 am! 10 ZZ aia
|S:oOam Gaer&evllle. 7:35 pm.
3:30 rm| 1 9:?? pnx
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 9:13 am 1 B MO ara
¦ and
8:19 pm s:Copm! Glen EJlen. «:CS pra; «:22 pn»
7:30 ami 8:00 am) SebastopoL ! 10: 40 am 10:23 am
8:30 pm' 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pm; 6;^ pia
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Sprinjrs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Ska??s
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Sprinrs. Hitchlar.d Springs.
Kcl3eyville. Carlsbad Springrs. Soda Bay. Lake*
port and Bartlett Sprtnars: at Ukiah for Vlchr
Sprinjrs, Saratoga Springs, I?!ue Lakes. laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Srrin^a. Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Hucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orr'»
Hot Sprlncs. Mendocino City. Fort Brae;.
Westport. Usal. Wlllitta. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlnK*s, Bell's Pprings. Harris. Olson's, Dyer^
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re~
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all point*
beyond Fan Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices SoO Market St.. Chronicle bids:
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAX.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Time— 3-18 :17%: 5r16, :«2- Good start. Won handily, second and third driving;. Winner. B.
CorrlKan's b. g., by Imp. Bassetlaw-Idol. With tho lead he once possessed Intrepldo should
- have won- Daly toss^dtheraieeaway^jniertdejivonforT^r^y. Sera tched-jSofala 115^
MABEIED.
BENDER- SCHLESSELMAN-N— ln this city.
February 15. V.-ifj, by the Ilev. J. FuenJellng,
Joseph H. Bender tnd Frances M. Schlessel-
raar.n.
BORNPTEIN— GATLE— In thi* city. February
11, IiOO. by the Jlev. I>r. J. Xieto. Morris S.
It^rnrteln and Julia Gyle.
CHANDLER— TURNER- In this city. Febru-
ary 14. UMt, t?y the R*v. I>r. Woods. Lewis E.
Chand'.T and Ituthe E. Turner, both of San
Francisco.
CLOSSON— P.L'FF— In this city, February 14.
ISOO. Yt the Rev. E. J. Lion, Harry C. Clos-
fon of fian Francisco ani Caroline Ruff of
Mferj-sville.
JOHNSON— WINTERSTEIN— In this city, Feb-
ruary h. ISOO. by the Rev. Dr. Woods, Hans
C. Johnson and Till'.e M. Wlnterstein. buth
r.t Fan Francisco.
KYLBERG- JANSPON'— In this city, February
14. WO. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelaniier. HJai-
mar Kjlt^rs;. M. Zj.. ot Wert I'olnt. Cal..
and Jr*^jihinp Jansscn of San Francisco.
LIND— KARDELL— In this city. February 10.
IKiO, lij* tho Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. John A.
L'r.d of San Francif-o and Anr.ie M.
Kardell of Marshfi*!d, Or.
MILLER— BUETTNEIi— In this city. February
14 -IMO, by the Rev. J. Fti»ndel!ng. Frank S.
Miller and Clara M. A. Buettner.
RAWSON— MUELLER— In this city. February
14, ISOO. by the I£ev. F. Bonn, Salone Raw»on
ot Lcs Anseles and Lizzie Mueller of San
Francisco. "
ROWLAND— LE FEVRE— In this city. Febru-
ary 13. :?00, by the Rev. Dr. n. Nelander,
William R. Rowland and Annie Le Fevre.
brth cf Fan Francisco.
ROWLAND— MALMBERG— In this city. Feb-
ruary 1«. WOO. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
Ttr>mas J. Rowland and Charlotte Adelaide
Maitnberg. both of Ban Francisco.
SCHMITT— ALEXANDER— In this city. Feb-
ruary 12. i:« 00. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Mil-
ton L. Schmitt and Helen Alexander.
6COTT— STARK— In this city, February 15.
I*oo. by the Rev. F. A. Doane. Charles W.
Bcott and Tilli" Ptark. both of Danville. Con-
tra Costa County, Cal.
WARMER— WILD— In this city. February IS.
l»00. riy the Tier. F. Bonn, Nicholas Wasmer
and Berth* Wild, both of San Fraaclsco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Emslre
hence Feb 12.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Feb 15— Schr Voloa
teer, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb IS— Stmr
Grace Dollar, from Seattle.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Feb 15— Schr Alice,
from Eureka. Feb 14— Stmr Alcatraz. from
Greenwood.
Sailed Feb 14— Schr Ida McKay, for Graya
Harbor; ichr Joseph Rugs, for Port Town
send.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 15— Strar Luella, hno
Feb 13; itmr Westoort. hence Feb 14.
Sailed Feb 15 — Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco; rtmr San Pedro, for San Francisco; stmr
Orizaba, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Georca W
Elder, hence Feb 13.
Sailed Feb 15— Fr bark Jules Verne, for
Queenstown; Br ship St Enoch, for Queens
town.
CASPAR— SaiIed Feb 15— Stmr Cleone. for San
Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Feb 13— Schr W
H Smith, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Feb 14— Chll ship Temuco, for Arlca.
EASTERN PORT.
NE WTORK— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Allianca, for Colon,
FOREIGN PORTS.
NTTSV YORK— Arrived Feb It— Stmr Advance,
Tacoma.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Feb 14— Shin Wacha
eett. from Vancouver.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Feb 23— Br ship
Barflllan. fom Hamburg.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Jan tt— Nor bark
Fortuna, for Honolulu.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 14— Shlo R D Rio«.
for Honolulu.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb MV-Br ihlp Creed
more, from Manila.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Feb 14— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Feb IX— Stmr San Bias.
for Panama,
HONOlPU— Arrived Jan a— Scir J G North,
hence Jan 14.
KAANAFALI— Arrived Jan ll— Bark C D
Bryant, from Nanalmo.
KlHEl— Arrived Jan tt— Schr Dora Bluhm.'
hence Jan 8.
KAHULCl— Arrived Jan 23— Bktn Chehalls.
from Newcastle. NSW.
Sailed Jan 29— Schr J M Weatherwax. far San
Francisco.
To sail Feb I— Brlu Lurllne. for Ban Fran
cisco.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Feb t— Stmr Alameda
and ship Jabez Howes, for San Francisco; U S
stmr Missouri, for San Francisco: schr A J
Went, for Grays Harbor: Haw bark lolanl. for
Kanauakakl. Feb J— Schr Chaa E Falk. for
Port Townsend: schr 'LUlebonne. for Grays
Harbor; briff John D Spreckels. for San Fran
cisco: Br rtmr Bloemfonteln. for Seattle. Feb
7— Schr Transit, for San Francisco. Feb B— Br
stmr Doric, for Yokohama; U S stmr Path
flnd»r. for Lahanla.
• Arrived Feb »— Nor bark Solve!?, from New
castle, NSW: bktn 8 N Castle, hence Jan 15;
stmr Alameda. from Auckland: ship Cyrus
Wakefleld. hence Jan 15. Feb 4— Schr Defiance,
from Aberdeen: bark Chas B Kenney. from
Chemalnus. Feb 7— Ship Geo Curtis, henc« Jan
17; Br stmr Doric, hence Feb 1; bktn Skagit.
from Port Gamble. Feb B— Schr Annie M Camp
bell, from Tacoma. Feb 9— Br stmr Coptic,
from Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Feb 15— Stmr Rotter
dam, for New York.
793. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; handicap; 3-year-old« and up; purse. WOO
DIED.
Ahr-mf. Henry
Bixx-'ker, Edna A.
C af*i(sy, James P.
Conn*U. Patrick
Curran. Ann
Flynn, Mary
Franck. Caro'lne
Carvey, James
Gianettoni, Stephen
Gr'.mT.Htcln. Annie
E. H.
Haley. Mary
Ha*kell. Georg-e R.
Hyde. Mar>'
K!st«ircacfcer. Fred-
erick
Lee, Dlxon L.
Lugefekt. Fred
Moore. Grace-
Parker. Miners M.
Pfpptrman, Peter E
Quinn. Huph
Riedinjrer. Laura
Ryan. Isaac F.
Echoer.felder. Wi
burca
Fercau. Walter D.
Shaw, St»-phen W.
Pmith. Norine
Ptulr. Charles
Thompson, Peter
Williams. Annie
AJIRENS —In this city. February 15, 1900.
Henry Ahresa, beloved brother of John
Ahrens, a native of Kohlen. Amt L#he,
Hanover, aired 21 year*.
CTNctlce of funeral hereafter.
BROOKER— In this city. February 16, 1300.
Edra Alice, younr^st and btloved daughter
of Gustavus H and Mary Drooker. and sis-
•*r of Ainie. Victoria. Gustavus H. Jr. and
Irvine Erooker. a native ot San Francisco,
Ag-ed : month and 19 <Jaye.
CASFIDY— KiIIed at Ban Pedro Macati. P. 1..
February 21, 1898, James P.. beloved eon of
B. F. Cassldy. brother of Frank H., George
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannaran & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMgRS,
M ruts ct.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telepbon* South SO.
11
Index. Horse. Weight. |St. Urn.
746 Ella Boland 105 4
772 Isaline 105 7
719 Mountebank ..: 107 5
777 Harry Thatcher 107 3
... llaydine 112 10
633 Burdock 107 8
657 March Seven 105 2 ...
&09 Galene 105 1
662 Winyah U? 9
640 Gussle Fay 108 t
I I Bettlnc
Hm. %m. Str. Tin. | Jockeys. |Op. Ct.
43 11 ... 12 Tullett X 2
6 2 3H ... 2 1 Jenkins 12 15
2H 22. ... 3 3 1. Powell *. ( 7
1 b SV, ... 4Vi Bullman 7 19
7 1 6 1 ... 6 1 Vittltoe 3 25
9 1 9 1 ... 6tt Henry 15 20
8 2 7 1 ... 7 1 T. Walah 15 SO
El 8 1 ... 8 3 Buchanan .... 12 10
10 10 ... 9 2 B. Ross 20 60
3 h « M ... 10 Spencer 1 9-5
Indei. Horse. Weight. |St.
(776) M. F. Tarpey 10S 4
779 Intrepldo .... 9S 2
767 Scotch Belle 103 1
(779) Moonbrlght^, 103 S
776 Sublime- ...V. 98 6
779 On Time 98 7
779 Floranthe 103 5
779 Marlon Bristol 103 8
Km. Mxa. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. ~fbp. CL
4 4 2 1 11 Spencer 2-6 8-10
13 1H 22 J. Daly 8 U
„. 2 1 3 2 8 3 Henry t*.7
3 H 4 3 4 « T. Wa15h...... 7 12
... ... 54 51' 6 2 Buchanan .... 100 200
6 2 6 3 6 8 Ranch 10 49
710 7 4 7 6 E. Ross M 100
8 8 8 I. Powell 60 800
ndex. Horse. Age. WelghtJSt.
765 Harry Thoburn, 6.. 107 3
765 Peace, * W ?
633 Mocorlto, 6 :•••"* f
774 Lady Britannic, 8... 90 1
764 Slater Alice, 6.. 90 2
7SI Morlnel, 6 105 8
7E2 Castake. 6 82 6
663 P F, 6 92 7
786 Florence Fink, 4 87 9
Km. Mm. «jm.
... in 3 *
... t 1 13
.'.'.'. 5 1 8 2
9 6 1
6 1 Tl
71 8 2
8 1 9
Str. Fin. | Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
2 1 In Henry 5 8
1 h 2 n T. Walsh 4 3
8 4 3 5 Spencer ....*. 1 1
4 H 4 1 J. Martin 60 80
6 2 6 1 Phelan 10 »
6 3 6 6 Vittltoe 8 15
7 4 7 8 J. Walsh 60 100
8 3 8 5 H. Stuart 200 300
9 9 Ranch 100 200
nrtex Hotae. Age. Weight. |St. %m. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [Op. Cl
"775 Potente. 6 ..112 2 12 13 13 1% 11 T. Walsh 2 t
775 Zoroaster. 4 113 3 2n 22 25 2 6 28 Spencer 1-2 1-1
«£? Chlmura. 4 101 1 1 3 3 3 3 3- Henry 15 80
rime— Vi :13: %. :38 %: H. 1:03; %. 1:28%: m. 1:40%: l%m. l:53Vi. Good start. "Won driving.
Winner. W. Shields' b. g. by Raclne-Pow Wow. Potente be*t to-day. Race will do Zoroas-
ter go^. SScrati^ed—^ogormomie 115,C^taMroph
<^<\*x. Horse. Age.* Weight. | St. ¦jm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeyw. |Op. CL
7775) Geyser. 6 107 3 32H 84 26 In 12 Spencer 9-20 1-2
<7«S> Yrllowtal! 3 IC2 1 22 11 11 26 26 Jenkins 6-2 11-5
774) Jennie Reid. 4 102 4 4 4 4 ZM SZ T.Walsh 20 Hi
<77» C 106 2 ¦1M 2% 31 4 4 Vlttltoc 10 15
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. ."
7&5 Storm King. 6 104 4
778 Miss Soak. 6... 97 1
745 Dr. Marks, 6 99 S
741 Terrene, 4... 94 8
756 Jim Brownell. 6 99 5
783 MUt Young, 4 ..108 6
641 Oralbee. 4 106 2
704 Meadowlark, a 101 7
1 1
3 H
6h
6h
21
4 2
Urn.
l l
* H
n
4 h
5 1
6b
8
Hm.
1 S
3 2
6 1
2 2
S 1
4 1
8
7 1
fim.
Str.
1 4
3 1
5 1
2 4
4 1
8
7S
Btr.
Fin. | Jockeys. |Qp. ci.
110 Vlttltoe I 6-6 Ut
2 1 J. Daly 10 25
3h T. Walsh »- 12
4 M Hanch 15 15
5 1 Buchanan .... SO 100
6 4 Spencer 3 g
7 2 Morgan 30 100
?8 M. Beixen g g
n.
ndex. Horse. Age. WelghtJSt.
765 Harry Thoburn, 6.. 107 3
765 Peace, * W ?
633 Mocorlto, 6 :•••"* f
774 Lady Britannic, 8... 90 1
764 Slater Alice, 6.. 90 2
7SI Morlnel, 6 105 8
7E2 Castake. 6 82 6
663 P F, 6 92 7
786 Florence Fink, 4 87 9
Km. Mm. «jm.
... in 3 *
... t 1 13
.'.'.'. 5 1 8 2
9 6 1
6 1 Tl
71 8 2
8 1 9
Str. Fin. | Jockeya. |Op. Cl.
2 1 In Henry 5 8
1 h 2 n T. Walsh 4 3
8 4 3 5 Spencer ....*. 1 1
4 H 4 1 J. Martin 60 80
6 2 6 1 Phelan 10 »
6 3 6 6 Vittltoe 8 15
7 4 7 8 J. Walsh 60 100
8 3 8 5 H. Stuart 200 300
9 9 Ranch 100 200
Indei. Horse. Weight. |St.
(776) M. F. Tarpey 10S 4
779 Intrepldo .... 9S 2
767 Scotch Belle 103 1
(779) Moonbrlght^, 103 S
776 Sublime- ...V. 98 6
779 On Time 98 7
779 Floranthe 103 5
779 Marlon Bristol 103 8
Km. Mxa. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. ~fbp. CL
4 4 2 1 11 Spencer 2-6 8-10
13 1H 22 J. Daly 8 U
„. 2 1 3 2 8 3 Henry t*.7
3 H 4 3 4 « T. Wa15h...... 7 12
... ... 54 51' 6 2 Buchanan .... 100 200
6 2 6 3 6 8 Ranch 10 49
710 7 4 7 6 E. Ross M 100
8 8 8 I. Powell 60 800
Index. Horse. Weight. |St. Urn.
746 Ella Boland 105 4
772 Isaline 105 7
719 Mountebank ..: 107 5
777 Harry Thatcher 107 3
... llaydine 112 10
633 Burdock 107 8
657 March Seven 105 2 ...
&09 Galene 105 1
662 Winyah U? 9
640 Gussle Fay 108 t
I I Bettlnc
Hm. %m. Str. Tin. | Jockeys. |Op. Ct.
43 11 ... 12 Tullett X 2
6 2 3H ... 2 1 Jenkins 12 15
2H 22. ... 3 3 1. Powell *. ( 7
1 b SV, ... 4Vi Bullman 7 19
7 1 6 1 ... 6 1 Vittltoe 3 25
9 1 9 1 ... 6tt Henry 15 20
8 2 7 1 ... 7 1 T. Walah 15 SO
El 8 1 ... 8 3 Buchanan .... 12 10
10 10 ... 9 2 B. Ross 20 60
3 h « M ... 10 Spencer 1 9-5
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. ."
7&5 Storm King. 6 104 4
778 Miss Soak. 6... 97 1
745 Dr. Marks, 6 99 S
741 Terrene, 4... 94 8
756 Jim Brownell. 6 99 5
783 MUt Young, 4 ..108 6
641 Oralbee. 4 106 2
704 Meadowlark, a 101 7
1 1
3 H
6h
6h
21
4 2
Urn.
l l
* H
n
4 h
5 1
6b
8
Hm.
1 S
3 2
6 1
2 2
S 1
4 1
8
7 1
fim.
Str.
1 4
3 1
5 1
2 4
4 1
8
7S
Btr.
Fin. | Jockeys. |Qp. ci.
110 Vlttltoe I 6-6 Ut
2 1 J. Daly 10 25
3h T. Walsh »- 12
4 M Hanch 15 15
5 1 Buchanan .... SO 100
6 4 Spencer 3 g
7 2 Morgan 30 100
?8 M. Beixen g g
n.
<^<\*x. Horse. Age.* Weight. | St. ¦jm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeyw. |Op. CL
7775) Geyser. 6 107 3 32H 84 26 In 12 Spencer 9-20 1-2
<7«S> Yrllowtal! 3 IC2 1 22 11 11 26 26 Jenkins 6-2 11-5
774) Jennie Reid. 4 102 4 4 4 4 ZM SZ T.Walsh 20 Hi
<77» C 106 2 ¦1M 2% 31 4 4 Vlttltoc 10 15
nrtex Hotae. Age. Weight. |St. %m. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [Op. Cl
"775 Potente. 6 ..112 2 12 13 13 1% 11 T. Walsh 2 t
775 Zoroaster. 4 113 3 2n 22 25 2 6 28 Spencer 1-2 1-1
«£? Chlmura. 4 101 1 1 3 3 3 3 3- Henry 15 80
rime— Vi :13: %. :38 %: H. 1:03; %. 1:28%: m. 1:40%: l%m. l:53Vi. Good start. "Won driving.
Winner. W. Shields' b. g. by Raclne-Pow Wow. Potente be*t to-day. Race will do Zoroas-
ter go^. SScrati^ed—^ogormomie 115,C^taMrophHBOUT 70,000 echool-children in
vested with the authority of the
It VV law are abroad In this town on
the lookout for the man who is
maltreating his horse or the unfortunate
email individual who abuses his dog.
This vast army of "officers" turned
loose upon a wicked town represents the
aggregato force of the "Band of Mer
cy," composed entirely of Bchool-children
¦who have signed the pledge, which reads:
"I will try to be kind to all living crea
tures and try. to protect them from cruel
usage.**
Each -fpcaber. of. the^bftna wear« a but-
ton badge, on the limited surface of
which a highly colored angel with an
avenging sword is facing a cruel horse
man. The letters 8. F. S. P. C. A. circle
the button and represent the source of
all the authority of the wearer.
The Band of Mercy is a regularly ac
credited branch of the San Francisco So-
clety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals. The youthful members are
veeted with the authority of the society,
and the wearer of the button, no mater
how young or how small he or she may
be. may lawfully place under axreat any
Individual found abusing an animal and
who refuses to desist when the Band of
Mercy member commands him to. ¦
Nearly all the school-children of the
city, from the pupils of the receiving
grade up to the members of the senior
clans of the High School, have signed the
mercy - pledges and are officers of the
S. F. S. P. C. A.
When the question of the Band of
Mercy was agitated in the 'schools the
girls unanimously agreed to sign the
pledge. The few dissenting votes came
from the boys, and the* reason Invariably
advanced was that they ¦ could not relin
quish the pleasures of - the chase.
MISS MAY CORLETTE.
IXTEEX people, nine women and seven men, with voices more or less
v^=^s pood and all anxious to go upon the lyric stage, sang for the Boston-
i&r.s yesterday afternoon. There was, however, one nightingale among
the Sot. Miss May Corlette, and by night she had signed a contract
with the celebrated company and arranged to make her debut on Monday
evening next with the Bostonians in Oakland.
Miss Coriette was among the f.rst of the aspirants to sing. When she
had finished her song. "Love's Sorrow." the little group of singer-managers
who were s»»a!ed In the auditorium of the theater looked in wonder at one
another. Th«-n Mr. Barnabce. with an enthusiasm that would not be sup
pressed, railed out "Good." and as the modest little girl was slipping out the
side door Mr. I'acDonald, who was on the stage, stopped her and asked
her to wai\
It didn't take very long for the managers to agree that In Miss Corlette
they had found a modest younp woman with a marvelous contralto voice,
one of thci(»<* California "nightingales" one hears of In print so very often,
but alas so seldom hears. When Mr. Mac Donald approached Miss Corlefte
with an offer to become a member of the celebrated Bostunlans she was as •
astonished as the managers were when they heard the unpretentious little
frirl giv^ forth those wonderful sympathetic notes. Of course she accepted,
wildly excited at what she termed her splendid luck.
The new member of the Bostonians owes everything that she has won to
her own hard work and perseverance. She has known want and privation.
She has labored hard and late for little pay and has found In her music her
pole comfort and pleasure. With aU ncr great love for music and with all the
many paciiflces she has made in its tame she has never heard the Bostonians
sing. To go to hear this celebrated company has been a matter far beyond her
means. Last evening she enjoyed thnt unusual pleasure. She heard the Bos
tonians in "The Viceroy" as the guest of their managers.
"I have been studying music all my life," said Mist Corlette yesterday in
bftwwn her bursts of exclamations over her rare good luck. "I have had les
sons for four years from Mrs. Frank Elliott, and I worked hard to pay for
them. Music is my life. I would rather sing than eat. As music is my greatest
joy, so it has b»»en my greatest sorrow. My mother disapproved of my sing
ing and my desire to go upon tho sta<e- We quarreled about it and she threv
m<» out of the house. I have been working for Mrs. Bernheim In a stationery
Ftore on Polk strict. Three -weeks ago I left my situation. My little slsfr.
who has been the sharer of all my troubles and my companion in misery, re
placed me In the shop. Yesterday I was so blue, and to-day I'm the happiest
girl in all the world."
Miss Corlette's voice is a contralto with a two-octave range. It Is pure and
sympathetic and has a remarkable carrying quality. The young lady has done
considerable church work in this city, having sung in the choirs of St. Mary's,
St. Charles and the First Baptist churches. This San Francisco girl, whom
the Kostonians look upon a-s a future star. Is the daughter of Mrs. Adolph
Barraillax; of *.0S F"ulton Ptreet.
Another voice which pleased the Bostonians greatly was that of Miss Lulu
Daniells of Alameda, another contralto, and they have taken her name and
residence with them for future reference.
CHILDREN INVESTED WITH
THE AUTHORITY OF THE LAW
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try it. All druggists. •
Counterfeiter Guilty.
Charles E. Scott pleaded guilty yester
day in the United States District Court
to an Indictment charging him with pass
ing counterfeit money and was ordered to
appear for sentence on Saturday. Scott
glided and altered a one-cent piece an-1
passed It for a $10 piece. He ran away
with the money when an outcry was
raised, but was caught, and another coun
terfeit piece found on his person. His
brother, Frank Scott, was recently sen
tenced to the* penitentiary for passing
counterfeit 50-cent pieces.
TO SHIELD HER LOVER.
Fannie Hall, Who Was Shot by
Thomas C. Carbrey About a
Month Ago, Disappears.
Fanr.io Hall, the vaudeville actress who
was shot by her discarded lover. Thomas
C. Carbrey, In the Francisco House, Tay
lor and Turk streets, January 9, has dis
appeared, and without her evidence there
is small chance of convicting Carbrey on
the charge of assault to murder.
When the case was called In Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday an affidavit was
read by Detective Ed Gibson to the effect
that he had served a subpena upon the
woman at the McNutt Hospital, and when
he called there Wednesday he was In
formed by the matron that Miss Hall had
left the hospital Monday and had gone to
St. Louis.
At the request of the prosecution the
case was continued till to-morrow, and
meantime an effort will be made to locate
the woman.
SAY, '
BOYS!
TALENTED SHOPGIRL
JOINS THE BOSTONIANS
Lyric Managers Discover and Capture
a Nightingale.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1900.
ESOLA IN LINE
FOR PROMOTION
TO A CAPTAINCY
To Be Rewarded for
"Withdrawing."
•
WITTMAN MAY SECURE A PLUM
SEYMOTJB AND SPILL ANE ALSO
IN THE RUNNING.
Present Chief of Detectives Will Be
tire in April and Make Way for
the Elevation of the
Mayor's Favorite. :
If the programme which the wise ones
say has been promulgated recently goes
through. Lieutenant of Police Frederick
L. Bsola will In two months receive his
reward for "gracefully . withdrawing"
from the fight for the chieftainship of the
local Police Department. In April Cap
tain Ben liohen, chief of the detective
force, will attain his sixty-fifth year, and
he has formally announced that upon that
occasion he will retire from the depart
ment with the generous pension which the
law provides. It will devolve upon Chief
Sullivan to name his successor. lie ha*
the choice and the appointment, as the
Police Commission has nothing whatever
to say in the matter save in an advisory
way, and it is said that when Mr. Sullivan
accepted the office it was with the under
standing that he was to be unhampered
in the exercise of those prerogatives
which are his by virtue of the charter.
It is generally understood, however,
that the new Chief is willing to ignore
the fact that he is absolutely untram
meled and throw to Ksola the sop that
his forced prominence and his likewise
forced retirement appear to demand. Of
a consequence he will be promoted to a
captaincy to succeed some one of the pres
ent captains who will be elevated to Bo
hen's position. Those who are In a posi
tion to know say that it is Wittman, at
present in charge of the northern district,
who will assume control of the detective
force and make room for Esola and hia
backers, but there are BtiU others who
claim that Bohen's successor has not yet
been selected and that Captains Splllane
and Seymour have an equal chance with
"Wittman In the race for the "upper
office."
Although the programme as it stands
hns Wittman written In it for the Job,
there is as yet no definite decision, but
the fact Is established beyond doubt that
Hohen's retirement will make room for
nobody but Ksola and that as soon as the
veteran head of the detective force is re
tired and his successor named the late
candidate for Mr. Sullivan's present posi
tion will be paid value received for his al
leged "withdrawal" by regular promotion
by the commission.
Credit Men to Meet Friday.
A "meeting will be held In the rooms of
the Board of Trade Friday afternoon, to
which bankers, manufacturers, jobbers
and all classes of credit men have been
Invited for the purpose of meeting: and
Ustenli.gr to W. H. Preston, representing
the National Association j of Credit Men.
Mr. Preston, who arrived Tuesday.
Come Just to Look
Newest
Cblnaware
Crockery
Glassware
Lamps
Ornaments
Novelties
Clocks
LOWEST PRICES
Come Just to Look.
Great AmericanlmportiiisL Tea C«-
Stores EYeiywhere.
xoo Stores.
ft 1 3£ tJ— MATZOS
The San Francisco Matzo Co.. factory and
main office at 1130 Howard st.. telep&on. South
457. Bamplea already. Matzoa. 6c per pound;
iratzo meal. 8c per pound: m-uzo* baked with
eggs, 15c per pound: macrones. 40c per pound.
Orders also taken at 1240 Folaom at., telephoaa
Folacm 991.
"D'OTTC'IJ'CC FOR BARBERS. BAK-
OriU 11 HlO •*"• bootblacks, bath-
Ijoums. billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, canrty-makera. cannera.
dyers, flftur mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hansers, printers, painter*, sjioe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacraments St
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
~amaTgamators7~~ —
SAVE GOLI>-Kroga Mfg-. Co.. 9 Stevea.v>n
st. Amalgamators. Band Centrifugal Pumpa.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator & Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. &) Stevenson at.
B^ACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS ta flllln*
large numbers of orders for Nome. 141-141
First st.. S. F.
o:ls.
LCBRICATINO Oil. Crude Oil and Gasolln-.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK. 23 Spear at.. 3. F.
SAND CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS.
Lift GoM-Bearlng Sanda perfectly. In opera-
tlon at 625 BUth at. BTRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for «lulce boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonda. 33 Market at.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Engines and Botlera;
lowest prices on the coast. Pine St Davta ata.
HENSHAW. BUCKLET&CO., Pumps. Steam and
Ca^llne Englnaa. BoUera. 28 and 2> Fremont.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NETVILL.E & CO., manufacturers. ba«9, tents.
covers. 31 and 33 California st.
OFFICE ,
FIGHT AT CONEY ISLAND.
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— The date of the
fight between James J. Jeffries and James
J. Corbett has been fixed as ¦ May 14.
George F. Consldlne and William A.
Brady, managers of the men,- met Tom
O'Rourke, manager of the Seaside Ath
letic Club, to-day and formally accepted
the offer of the Coney Island club for the
fight. The Seaside Club Is to post a $5000
forfeit and the fighters J2OOO each with
Al Smith, . .....
POOLROOM ORDINANCE
DISCUSSED IN COMMITTEE
DETERMINED EFFORT TO PER
MIT INGLESIDE RACING.
Supervisors Are Opposed to Down
town Betting, but Are Favorably
Inclined to Horse Racing.
The Supervisors' Police Committee yes
terday took up the consideration of the
proposed ordinance "prohibiting pool sell
ing, bookmaking or betting on contests,
and prohibiting all persons from visiting
places where pools are sold or bets or
wagers are made upon any contest or
upon any contingent issue." The penalty
provided for any violation of the ordi
nance is a fine of |250, or imprisonment for
ninety days, or both.
The newly appointed Chief of Police,
William P. Sullivan, and Captain Witt
man were -present, and expressed their
views regarding the contemplated meas
ure. Captain Wittman informed the
board that under the present order it
is only possible to arrest the sellers of
pools. It was not a misdemeanor to be
present, and he advocated the passage
of the order in order to correct existing
abuses.
Attorney J. S. Drum argued against the
order as being too sweeping in character.
He asked that the selling of pools on
boxing or other contests be allowed within
certain restrictions. ¦ He suggested that
minors be prevented .from visiting the
poolrooms: that a license be imposed, and
that the betting be limited to two days
before a contest.
F. S. Greene, secretary of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, also objected to the
ordinance. In his remarks It developed
that a strong effort will be made to have
the ordinance prohibiting racing at Ingle
side repealed. Hte asked that the new
ordinance be so framed that betting be
permitted within the inclosure where rac
ing was going on. He stated that the
property at Ingleslde which had cost over
$600,000 was practically valueless owing to
adverse legislation. He believed that the
order should permit betting for at least
sixty days, and* his concern would be
willing to pay a license for the privilege.
To a question of Captain Wlttman's as to
whether he did not think that all the
antipathy to horse racing came from the
downtown poolrooms, Greene replied that
he could not answer, although later he
admitted that the poolrooms were detri
mental to the Interests which he repre
sented.
Captain Wittman, in reply to Chair
man Tobin. stated that the Police De
partment had no statistics showing that
arrests for embezzlements and other
crimes were directly traceable to betting
on horse racing, but he believed that the
downtown poolrooms should be eliminated
and stringent measures adopted.
Supervisor Tobin expressed himself In
favor of allowing horse racing for a lim
ited period, as the sport tended to en
courage many industries, such as farm
ing, breeding, etc. He thought there was
a distinction between horse racing and
prize fighting, inasmuch as the latter
sport had greatly deteriorated. Helms
was In favor- of allowing betting within
the inclosures where the sport was held,
and also the licensing of poolrooms. Reed
took a middle course and advocated post
poning the consideration one week. In or
der, tohear from several sporting au
thorities regarding the advisability of
passing any drastic measures.
MISSION TRACKS
TO BE DECLARED
PUBLIC NUISANCE
Supervisors to Order
Them Removed.
A great victory was won yesterday by
the residents of the Mission when the
Supervisors' Street Committee practically
decided to recommend the passage of an
ordinance to compel the Southern Pa
cific Company to remove its tracks in the
Mission district. It was the unanimous
opinion of the members that the tracks
Were a nuisance that should be abated
and that the Board of Supervisors has
the power to order the removal of the
tracks, notwithstanding the contention of
the Kentucky corporation that the whole
matter was one of State Jurisdiction. The
committee will report in favor of the pe
titions .of the Sunnyside Improvement
Company and the Mission Federation
Clubs, asking for the passage of the or
dinance. Action on the ordinance Itself
was, however, postponed until the next
meeting in order that a legal doubt can
be settled regarding the selection of an
official newspaper. Supervisor Maguire
stated that he had received an informal
opinion from • City Attorney Lane
to the effect that the clause in
viting proposals providing for the
requirement of the Allied Printing
Trades Council label was unconstitu
tional. In order therefore that the cor
poration should not interpose any legal
technicalities against the board carrying
out the provision of the ordinance. Su
pervisor Booth expressed his inten
tion of introducing the following reso
lution at the next meeting of the board,
so that there would be no danger of the
measure miscarrying: '-*. . ;,\
Whereas, In the proposal notice inviting:
bids for doing official advertising it has
• been recited, "bidders are ¦ hereby notified
• that In accordance with the practice here
tofore followed by the Board of Super
visors bldß ¦will only be considered when
Rendered by bidders who offer to perform
paid public printing In newspapers which
had the rlftht to use the Allied Printing
Trades Council I Label at the time of first
publication of this notice," and
"Whereas, This clause conflicts with exist
ing laws; therefore.
Resolved, That the clerk 'be and is hereby
directed to readvertlse for proposals Invit
ing bids for doing official advertising, elim
inating therefrom the aforesaid objection
able clause: sealed bid to be presented in,
open session of. the board on Monday.
March 5, 1900. ¦ ,
The protest of the Real Estate Develop
ment Company against the granting of a
franchise to the Bay and Coast Rallroa-i
Company to use certain streets for en
trance into the city for a coast line was
favorably considered and the franchise
was denied. It was the sense of the com
mittee that the company was unable to
show that It had -at least fifty mile* of
road already constructed to this county
line, and as the charter- expressly con
tains such a requirement the committee
decided that It had no power to grant the
franchise.
The committee also decided In favor of
the protest of the street cleaning employee
against the contemplated cut In the ap
propriation for street cleaning work and
against the cut in the wages of the street
sweepers.
The committee recommended that Gray
Brothers' quarry, located near Clipper
and Douglass streets, be declared a nuis
ance and that the firm be require! to
abate it within ninety days, or the permit
for blasting and rock crushing will be re
voked.
pathetic hand was outstretched to him.
The local sporting men say they cannot
see why O'Brien should walk Into danger
after making his antagonist look like the
merest tyro. The developments of the
last twenty-four hours have blighted
O'Brien's prospects in this city, and it is
probable that he will return to hia home
in Philadelphia a wiser and a richer man.
O'BRIEN'S OWN
MONEY WENT ON
PETER JACKSON
Philadelphia Pugilist
Sold Himself.
J. C. Humphreys Tried to Prevent
O'Brien From Doing Crooked
Work— How the Deal
Was Made.
?
The Call has It on the best authority
that "Jack" OBrien of Philadelphia de
liberately laid down to his dusky op
ponent on Wednesday night. Knowing
that In the event of victory he would only
secure $500, O'Brien drew $2165 from the
bank, it is said, and turned it over to hla
intimate friend "Billy" White to bet on
Jackson to win. White feared to bet the
large sum, as he was known around tin
poolrooms, so he gave the money to
"Jack" Cribin, who acted as disbursing
agent. The latter went to the various
poolrooms and bet the entire sum • in
amounts of $100. A part of the money was
placed in the mutuels, but the greater
portion was bet on the result of the bat
tle.
A large number of friends were let in on
the deal and as a result reaped a golden
harvest. J. C. • Humphreys, the well
known horseman, who is looking out for
Harry Corbett'a interests while the latter
is in the East,, had an inkling before the
men stepped Into the ring that the fight
was not "on the square." As was stated
exclusively In yesterday's Call, Mr. Hum
phreys drove out to O'Brien's training
quarters and after Informing the Philadei
phian that ugly rumors were afloat offered
to present iiim with $200 if he would go
in and ' win. The same evening Air.
Humphreys met O'Brien and doubled his
offer. Although O'Brien faithfully prom
ised to do his utmost to defeat hla col
ored opponent, Mr. Humphreys was still
suspicious. He sent for Tim McGrath.
the trainer, who recently returned from the
East with Frank McConnell. and em
ployed him to go behind O'Brien ami in
structed him not to tolerate any faking.
McGrath followed out his instructions, but
even he, astute as he is in his chosen busi
ness, was unable to detect simulation on
the part of his man. "Tim" said yester
day that he was in the ring: in the interest
of Mr. ' Humphreys and 'he was on the
lookout' for false dealing, but he was un
able to discover any.
"I was with O'Brien many hours before
the tight," he said, "and I was In hla cor
ner during the battle, but 1 did not think
he was, faking. Before he went into the
ring I told him what suspicions had been
cast on the 'go,' and I warned him
that if I saw anything 'flshy'
I would not stand for it, but
would ¦• call • the referee's' attention
to it immediately. He ¦ assured me that
he ' was there to win and would do his
best to gain a victory. I believed him,
and throughout the fight I watched him
carefully. It Is my opinion he fought to
win and was legitimately defeated.
George Kavanaugh, a particular friend
of O'Brien, Informed different people
yesterday that he played the right line
and won $400. One of the pool sellers at
Corbett's,' seeing where all the "wise"
money. was going, drew $150 out of the
bank and. played It on the colored man
and is to-day several hundred dollars
richer.
O'Brien is either one of the best actors
in the ring to-day or is a much-abused
man. Hundreds of spectators at the fight
voiced their opinion that. he •'laid down."
When •he fell groaning to the padding in
the thirteenth round he was jeered -by
the spectators. In contests gone by It
has been the custom of the crowd to cheer
loudly for the defeated man In. apprecia
tion of 'his pluck and endurance, but
when. O'Brien staggered out of the ring
"a defeated man the groans of the spec
tators drowned his own, and not a sym-
13 A OLJ A G*¥ sOs O'
THE FRISCO BOYS
COR. KEARNY ST. AND UNION SQUARE AYE.
I 9 Ii IOC ' lenew Pine-
LdlliUU i apple Straws
for spring are in. See the
new shapes in our window.
Trimmed most beauti-
fully. Special —
51.50 and 62.00.
f TEMPTING
VALUES
In Oar Boys' De-
Handsome Sail-
. ors in fancy
mixtures, made
ivith the new
link cuff, in
i cadet blue,
trimmed with
ivhite soutache
braid, hand-
some English
club eh c clcs,
brown camels'-
hair oloth; Sail'
ors th it are
worth S5 to $6;
ages 3 to 10
years. Special
$2.45.
"Just
Like
Papa."
A shirt to iv ear
just like papa.
A new feature
for little chaps,
ages Jf. 'to 12
years, in fancy
percales or
plain ivhite,
xvith cuffs at-
tached—just too
cunning.
Special
75c.
That's what the girls Will
say if your clothes covie
from Raphael's.
The styles we're showing for
spring are so handsome,
so out of the common.
There's that get-up-and-
go about 'em that makes
you a swell dresser—so
stylish, you know, and
then that magnetic price —
$11.
Notice how pretti I y that
double - breasted sack is
balanced, how form-fitting
the single-breasted sack is
cut ! What pretty patterns
in the new shades and
weaves of striped worsted!
The new weave of our cele-
brated "True Blue Serge,"
in the new shade of blue, a
serge strictly confined to
Raphael's. There are none
others like 'em.
No matter what your appetite
for high - class clothing
may be, or how extrava-
gant your tastes may run.
these spring garments will
surely please you. They're
special with its at
tjiiL
The new Spring Overcoat is a>
very swell affair in fine
Venetian cloth, in light
and medium shades — Ox-
fords, the new shades of
grays now so popular. A
$20 coat in every respect —
quality, fit and finish. It's
a special with us at
$11.
/^[Hp^sv JllSt
i^*w Like
/^woffi%fa the
[Wsm Picture
\7> * i »iln^ That swe " cs ~
\? i-^lj I a tee, in blue
W$ white soutache,
&Pfi\ ages 3 to 8
Special
$2.25.
SJIr
12