Magersfontein, says: "It is use
less to disguise the fact that a
large percentage of our troops
are beginning to lose heart in
this campaign. The close suc
cession of frontal attacks on an
invisible foe securely intrenched
may well shake the nerve of the
bravest. Our men fought well,
but they have been asked to per
form miracles. The Highland
Brigade marched by orders of
the general commanding in quar
ter column to its doom, almost
falling into the Boer trenches.
Wauchope's last words were,
'For God's sake, men, do not
blame me for this.' "
The Daily News correspond
ent says of the Stormberg disas
ter: "The men were marching
at ease in fours, with their rifles
under their arms, when without
"I know of no war In which Great Brit
ain has been engaged, except that result-
Ing in the Independence of the American
colonies, which did not end triumphantly.
Yet I do not know of one which has begun
triumphantly. True, the war in South
Africa Is disappointing, but it is not a
fact that Great Britain has suffered ex
ceptional reverses or great disaster. On
the other hand the war has knit together
every branch of the English-speaking
race, making all feel that they have a
great, common destiny which it is their
duty to accomplish.
"These are thoughts which ought to
support us in far greater trials than this
war may produce. Remember that a na
tion which cannot bear defeat Is a na
tion unworthy of empire, and although
defeat has not yet come and although
we hope and believe It will not come In
the course of the present war. yet if mat
ters should turn out otherwise we should
still rely upon the courage and patriotism
of our countrymen."
Addressing a second meeting, held In
a suburb of Manchester, Mr. Balfour
said:
"While I am loth to claim in any loud
and arrogant speech that we are In any
special sense the leaders of a great hu
manitarian cause, I deny in the strongest
manner that we are animated by ignoble
motives. No more false or stupid ca
lumny was ever invented than the accu
sation that Great Britain Is animated by
a petty desire to add wealthy regions to
an already gigantic empire. No mere ac
quisition of territory could compensate
for a war costing so much blood and
treasure."
Rear Admiral Lord Charles Beresford,
addressing the London Chamber of Com
meicc. dealing with questions of national
defense, said that, now that war pre
vailed, more attention would be paid per
haps to those who had warned the-coun
try that it was laborin« under a "rotten,
false and misleading system of adminis
tration," so far as the services were con
cerned.
"While I would deprecate the adop
tion of conscription," said Lord Charles,
"I hope the country will insist upon over
hauling and reforming the naval and mil
itary service. In connection with the war
in South Africa. I contend that our gen
erals should be held blamolesj. for they
have been sent to do an Impossibility."
The Times in an editorial based upon
Mr Balfour's declarations severely criti
cises the Government and says:
"It is fortunate for the Government
than when Parliament meets it will only
have to face a weak, opposition. If the
shortcomings now revealed had been re
vealed in a war with a llrst-class Euro
pean power the nation would not have
•been- consoled by statem<V)tn Biicii as Mr.
Balfour has been making.- It' is neither
becoming nor. prudent, j>*' J r.r what has
happened, for a Minister to declare, as
Mr. Balfour did, that he does not feel
that he need apologize on behalf of the
Government. It would be better for the
country and for the Ministers them
selves if the latter frankly owned that
they had made a mistake, pleading ex
tenuating circumstances and pledging
themselves to a serious effort to reform
all that has proved wanting."
STORY OF BULLER'S
LATEST DEMONSTRATION
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right, 190), by James Gordon Bennett. Ile
publicatlon of this dispatch is prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United States and
Great Britain.]
LONDON, Jan. 10.— This dispatch from
Its special correspondent is published by
the Dally Telefcraph:
FRERE CAMP. Saturday. Jan. 6.-All
is now quiet at Chieveley and Ladysmith.
Heavy rains fell during the night. Two
W ONDON,Jan. 10.— There
1 J is an unconfirmed report
this morning that the Admir
alty has chartered the Amer
ican liner St. Paul.
A special dispatch from
Amsterdam says that an un
credited rumor is current there
that a British cruiser has fired
upon the Dutch cruiser Fries
land, near Delagoa Bay, and
that a Dutch officer was killed.
Great Britain's loss since
the war began is fast ap
proaching 8000. A War Office
compilation of casualties, is
sued last evening, shows a
total of 7213—1027 killed,
3675 wounded and 2511 miss
ing. These do not include 140
who have succumbed to dis
ease nor the casualties at
Ladysmith last Saturday.
BERLIN, Jan. 10. — The
Munchener Allgemeine Zei
tung says semi-official nego
tiations between London and
Berlin are proceeding actively
and in peremptory language.
Since England met with re
verses on land she is described
as seeking maritime revenge.
naval guns. four, seven and twelve
pounders, from Camp Hill hotly shelled
the Boers In Colenso and trenches north
of the Tugela. certainly killing and
wounding numbers of the enemy. The
Boer rifle fire, though only at a range of
guns were fired at midnight at Lady
smith. So far wild stories and camp ru
mors have been fewer in number In this
campaign than usual. The latest of them
current yesterday warn to the effect that
800 Boers who had got down to the Wee
nen road were coming to snipe Frere
Camp last night. The story was started
by some natives who were brought In by
an officer.
"Let 'em all come," said General Bul
ler. "No such luck. The enemy will let
us severely alone."
Yesterday's demonstration at Colenso
was at least a pretty affair, if not effec
tive, in drawing the Boers back to Co
lenso and making them show themselves.
At about 2 o'clock in the afternoon a
mounted brigade started out from Chieve
ley with two field batteries toward Co
lenso, which formed the center of the
movement, Dorrnkop being to the west
and Hlangwana to th© east. Their orders
were to cover the front of an infantry
advance and to protect the flanks. The
principal object was to assist the gar
rison of Ladysmith by menacing Colenso
With an extended front. In thin line the
troopers rode toward the Tugela, Colenso
village being the central point Two
squadrons of the Thirteenth Hussars oc
cupied a position near .Dorrnkop, while
Thorneycroft's Colonials went to Hussar
Hill, south of Hlangwana, Our troopers
pushed ahead until they came under the
Mausers of the Boers in Colenso and
upon Hlangwana. The enemy, alarmed
by the approacn of the horsemen, who
were closely followed by widely extended
successive lines of infantry, galloped in
scores to take up positions in their
trenches.
A number of Boers also got down to the
river bank trenches and a few ensconced
themselves In the houses of Colenso. The
CRUISER FRIESLAND.
The Dutch vessel said to have been fired upon by a British man-of-war off
Delagoa Bay.
the slightest warning a murder
ous fire was poured into them
from along the ridge. So sudden
and unexpected was the flank at
tack that the line was broken up
in confusion, and the gtneral at
once gave orders, 'Make for
cover.'
"In this connection there was
a well defined report in circula
tion last night that one general
now commanding in South Af
rica will shortly be superseded.
Another storm is brewing that is
likely to break over the heads of
the transport authorities. Rein
forcements are urgently needed
in every direction in South Af
rica, yet three batteries and four
battalions, which should have
embarked several days ago, are
still waiting for ships."
BALFOUR SPEAKS
OF POSSIBLE DEFEAT
LONDON, Jan. 9.— Arthur J. BaJfour,
First Lord of the Treasury, speaking this
evening in East Manchester, said:
answer of the British Government to our
representations made last week is not ex
pected for several days.
SEIZED VESSELS ARE
NOW BEING RELEASED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— lnformation
has been received here that the British
authorities have released tbe Dutch
steamer Maria after requiring her to dis
charge part of her cargo at Durban, and
she has been permitted to convey the re
mainder, consisting largely of American
goods, to Delagoa Bay, where she will
deliver them to the consignees, Brlndler
& Co. of Lourenzo Marquez.
It Is presumed the action of the British
authorities Is based upon their contention
that part of the cargo held is contraband
of war. As the Maria's cargo was made
up entirely of provisions. It Is apparent
that the British will hold that that por
tion detained was destined for the Boers
and consequently subject to seizure. The
authorities have reason to believe that
the British answer to Embassador
Choate's representation relative to the de
tention of American cargoes will not be
submitted for several days. The British
Foreign Office and Embassador Choate
are exchanging notes as to the details
connected with the cargoes, and Mr.
Choate has cabled to Secretary Hay for
additional facts. The authorities are sat
isfied that the incident, will be closed to
their satisfaction.
ADEN, Jan. 9. — The Imperial German
mail 'steamer General, detarned here by
the British authorities since January 4
on suspicion of having contraband of war
on board, has been released. After her
cargo had been examined It was found
that she only had a few chemicals and
axle trees on board. Nothing else was
disclosed. A quantity of Trieste flour,
brought by a Lloyd steamer and supposed
to be bound for the Transvaal, has been
held pending the decision of a prize court
DURBAN, Natal, Jan. 9.— The seized
German steamer Herzog has been handed
over to the prize court. The Portuguese
Governor of Zambesa was among her
passengers. The British naval authorl-
ties have offered him a ship to convey him
to Delagoa Bay. The steamer Bundesrath
is discharging.
CASUALTIES AMONG
GEN. FRENCH'S FORCES
LONDON, Jan. 9.— Little change Is ap
parent in the position at Colesberg. Gen
eral French reported to the War Offlco
Sunday morning, January 7, that he had
reconnoitered with a squadron of tha
Household Cavalry on the Boers' east
flank, two miles from Achterlangr. and
drew a considerable force of the burgh
ers, who, being anxious for their com
munications with Norvalspont, withdrew.
The casualties of the Suffolks near Coles
berg were:
Killed— Colonel "Watson and Lieutenants
Wllkins, Carey and White and twenty
three men.
Missing — Captains Brett, Thompson and
Brown and Lieutenants Allen, "Wood-
Martin and Butter and 107 men.
Wounded — Twenty-one men.
General French further report* that the
casualties of the other regiments to Jan
uary 4 were twelve men killed and forty
four wounded.
EARL OF AVA IS
DYING AT LADYSMITH
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.-The Worlds Lon
don cable says: The Earl of Ava. eldest
son and herr of the Marquis o f Dufferin
and Ava. Is reported to be dying in Lady
smith of a wound in the thigh received
during the recent attack on the place.
Lord Dufferin called at the War Oflica
to-day, having traveled from Ireland to
procure if possible the latest news of his
son. If Lord Ava should die Lord Ter
ence Blackwood. who married Flora Da
vis of New York, would become heir to
the title and estates of the Marquis of
Dufferin and Ava.
NO MEDIATION YET.
LONDON, Jan. W.-King Leopold, ac
cording to the Brussels correspondent oj
the Daily Mail, recently Inquired of Queen
Victoria whether an opportune moment
for mediation had arrived, but received a
reply In the negative.
"SPLENDID LADS."
These were the lan words of Colonel J. Scott Chisholme as he charged
at the head of his men. the Imperial Light Horse, at the battle of Elands
Laagte. Just as he ipoke. in the height of the elation of the victory which i.c
was making more certitln, he was shot through the heart
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Again
there is a dearth of news.
Since Saturday a temporary
peace seems to have descended
on the various fields of the war.
General French has made a re
connoissance toward Achter
lang, which lies on the east of
Colesberg, making the Boers re
tire. General Gatacre gives no
sign, and General Methuen's
force is still lying intrenched on
the Modder River. No further
news of General White's victory
has come through, and it is yet
to be learned at what cost it was
purchased by the garrison.
From Colenso comes intelli
gence of General Buller's demon
stration on Saturday, which em
phasizes the fact that the Boers
are conducting their campaign
with great cunning and skill.
When, with faint hope of draw
ing off some of the Boers from
the attack on Ladysmith, Gen
eral Clery led out a strong force
of cavalry and guns, his left hav
ing as its objective Doornkop
and his right Hlangwana Moun
tain, the Boers refused to disclose
their strength. They evidently
were in their trenches and in Co
lenso, but though both brigades
advanced well up to the positions
these dispatches, and which was
shown in all its glaring faults in
the full descriptions of the battles
of Stormberg, Magersfontein
and Colenso, which reached
England through the mails this
week. Since their publication
a vague feeling of discontent
over the British general's tactics
has developed into outspoken
condemnation. When we read
that men in close formation were
led into a death trap — as hap
pened to the Highland Brigade
at Magersfontein, by order of the
commanding general in spite of
the protests of the general com
manding the brigade— or that
the Boer position south of the
river had not been discovered, or
that an important elevation was
taken and not retained owing to
want of support— both of which
incidents occurred in the action
on the Tugela; that a night
march was responsible for the
catastrophe at Stormberg, and
again in the case of the Suffolk
Regiment at Colesberg, it is not
surprising that the public is ask
ing why a policy of such well
known danger has been tried so
often in this campaign.
The correspondent of the
Globe, describing the battle of
PRINCIPALS IN A THESPIAN
! HOOT NG AFFRAY.
a companion named Maud Raymond when
Carbrey knocked at the door. Bef.ire
either of the women had a chance to an
swer the summons he rushocl in. The
rxpres?ion on his face satisfied the women
that his visit was not one of peace. He
was blazing with anger, yet cool and de
liberate in his preparations to commit
murder. He seated himself on the piano
stool and. drawing a revolver from his
pocket, calmly Informed Miss Hall that
he intended to kill her.
The terrified woman fell on her knees
and pleaded for mercy, but Carbrey only
laughed at her. As he arose from his seat
and started toward his victim Miss Ray
mond rushed between them and attempt
ed to dissuade him from his purpose. He
brushed her rouphly aside, and placing
his r?volver close to the hi>ad of Miss
Hall tired. The bullet took effect in her
neck. With almost superhuman effort
ROO yards, was badly aimed and did not
hit our troopers. General Hildyard's
brigade turned out with three regiments,
the Queen's own, the West Surrey leading
near the railway track, with the East
Surrey on the left and the Devonshire
Regiment in support and as an escort for
the guns. Colonel Reeves led the Irish
Fusileers and Welsh Fusileers toward
Hlangwana. These troops, also in ex
tended lines, marched across the spacious
tract like khaki fence posts. Without loss
both brigades got well up to the position*
where the battle raged fiercest on De
cember 15. The Boers, however, made no
aggressive movement, and with the ex
ception of a f-ilght fusillade, laid low. Four
field batteries opened fire at about 2500
yards' range upon the Boer trenches at 4
o'clock in the afterno.-n and a heavy flre'
was maintained for an hrur. Then the
guns went forward twelve hundred yards,
their distance being well within the range
of the Boer rifies and guns, but still the
enemy kept silent. Our bombardment,
which was heavy iioth from the naval and
field guns, * proceeded until nearly 7
o'clock, when the whole force retired to
quarters. Even General Clery. who com
manded in person and rode down near the
Tugela, failed to draw the Boer guns or
fire of their Mausers.
VIEWS EXCHANGED AS
TO SEIZURES OF FLOUR
LONDON. Jan. 9.— There is some reason
to believe that the United States and
German embassies are trying to find a
common basis on which they can co
operate in pressing their respective de
mands against Great Britain for the
Delagoa Bay seizures. A high official of
the German Embassy had a long confer
ence to-day at the American Embassy and
the diplomats are believed to have dis
cussed the steps each country has already
taken and the best future procedure.
At the came time there is every indica
tion that Great Britain Is showing the
most friendly consideration to the repre
sentatives of both of the embassies and
that the present difficulties will be set
tled amicably. As previously set forth In
these dispatches, It is expected that the
American flour will be speedily released,
while thq release of the German steamer
General Is believed to prelude the libera
tion of the Herzog.- The status of the
Bundesrath is not yet fully settled, but
Germany's representatives believe Great
Britain will give satisfaction for any de
lay occasioned to a legitimate cargo.
Both the United States and German em
bassies are now anxious to obtain a Brit
ish declaration in regard to the treatment
of neutral shius hereafter and It Is be
lieved they exchanged views on the sub
ject.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— lt Is stated
here on authority that the United States
is not co-operating with Germany or any
other Government In representations to
the British Government respecting the
seizure of goods destined for Portuguese
East Africa. Moreover, our Government
does not contemplate any such co-opera
tion, the difference between the cases of
the seized German vessels and the seizure
of American goods, the latter In British
vessels, belng-.ao. pronounced that the
same principles would have no application.
So it is the determination of the State De
partment to conduct. its negotiations on
this point' single-handed and that Is now
being done.
Mr. Choate, American Embassador at
London, is In daily communication with
the Foreign Office as well as with the De
partment of State on this subject. The
negotiations are now in that phase where
both sides are .endeavoring to develop
facts respecting the seizure and the final
ness" and displayed remarkable nerre
while the physicians dressed her wounds
and probed for the bullets. The wounds
are not serious and her chances for re
covery are good.
While the physicians were attending her
she told the story of the shooting and tha
affiJrs that led up to It. She said that
she was born In St. Louis, Mo., twenty
five years ago. She claims that her
father, now dead, was the president of a
bank. She admits that Fannie Hall v
only her stase name. A companion said
her name was Brengel. She says that
she has an aunt living In Chicago named
Mrs. B. D. Spencer.
"I first met Carbrey at Denver, wh*>ro
his family resides." she said. "I did not
lfke him. but he persisted in following me
wherever I went. Two years ago I camo
tf> San Francisco with Jockey Burns.
We did not agree and separated. Carltrrv
followed me here and wanted me to so
with him. To escape him I went to Daw
son City, where I secured a six montb*"
engagement in one of the variety thea
ters. I had been there only a short time
when Carbrey arrived. He threatened to
kill me if I would not go with him. H<»
returned wtth me to San Franclaco and
fairly haunted me. until I had to complain
to the police about his actions."
After leaving the Francisco House Car
hrey went to the saloon kept by "Spider"
Kelly, where he told Matt Keefe that hft
and killed Fannie Hall. He left the place
at once, but was located later by the p«>
lice at Kelly's house, where he was ar
rested and taken to the City Prison. Car
brey displayed his brutal nature by brai,
ging to his fellow prisoners of what he
had done an.l expressing the hope that
the woman would die. He is about 25 yoars
of age and has a brother on the detectlva
force In Denver.
where the battle had raged most
fiercely more than three weeks
ago, there was no animated re
sponse to the British challenge.
Even when the artillery came to
within 1200 yards of the Boer
rifles and General Clery himself
rode close to the Tugela
the trenches remained silent.
Interest in the attack on
Ladysmith has been so absorbing
that very little comment has been
heard upon a certain phase of the
conduct of the British campaign,
which has been dwelt upon in
Blunders of GeQerals aod Series of Disasters in South Africa Cause
Comment in England That the Government
Cannot Disregard.
VARIETY ACTRESS SHOT
BY A TURF FOLLOWER
Tom Carbrey Fires Three Bul
lets Into Fannie Hail.
He Was Madly Infatuated With the Wo
man, Who Once Fled to the Klondike
to Escape Him.
F ANNIE HALL, who has been sink
ing at the Olympia Theater and Is
known as the wife of Pugilist Jim
Hall, was shot yesterday afternoon
by Tom Carbrey, a tout from Denver.
Colo. The attempted murder took place
In the woman's rooms at the Francisco
House, Taylor and Turk streets, and was
the result of a mad infatuation the man
had for Miss Hall. She did not return his
affections. He had followed her to Daw
son City, back again to San Francisco and
had pleaded with her in vain to live with
him. When she finally refused he deter
mined to kill her, and the shooting yester
day afternoon was the result.
Miss Hall was seated In her room with
the woman sprang to her feet and made
a rush for the door. Carbrey fired at her
as she fled. The secpr.d shot entered her
breast and a third struck her In the abdo
men.
The woman's wonderful nerve never
failed her. Wounded almost to death sh»
ran through the hallways of the house
shouting for help. Carbrey In the mean
time, satisfied that he had killed the
woman, made his escape on to the street
and disappeared.
Miss Hall went to the hotel office, in
formed the clerk that she had been fa
tally shot, requested him to send for a
physician and advise the police to arrest
her assailant. She was removed later to
the Receiving: Hospital, where she was
accompanied by her companion. Maud
Raymond. She never once lost conscious-
BRITISH TROOPS ARE
GROWING DISHEARTENED
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 41.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1900.
The San Francisco CallDIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails!
on Application.
COAL. COXB AND PIQ IROX
Jr U'H <CniV £TA *°° Battery Street.
•W- nlLiUll tt LU-. Telephone Main 1384.
FRESH ANO SALT MEATS
!AS_RftYFS£fn Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DI7ICJU VU-. Clay. Tel. Mam 1234.
FLRS.
J. fl. Ltrjl AU, Btytea, lowest price* 'emed.fin*.
irSn founders.
WESTERN FOUNDRY. faS A ££Sl
st. Cartings nf Every Description Mada to
Order. Tel. Black 1305.
PAPFP DHALER*.
WII I AMFTTF PL'LP AND PAPER CO..
W ILLA.hC I 1 C 7 22 Montgomery it.
PRXNTINX
F P HITfiHFS PRINTER.
I' \f IiUUHLJ. Ell Sangome »l, 8. T.
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
T "gSg». PARTRIDGE ** < *Sgff*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. x^m^l
DIAMOND COAL. MIXING CO.. at its GHEE.M
RIVER COLLIERIES, la toe Beat Coal tn th»
market. Office and Yards — 130 Main street.
I do not belieTe there
JBaßMgtfSJigfli sia, indigestion cr
#||# w " II «E& »ny ¦tomach trouble
•SgT JH|J that cannot be re-
S« _nm. firefly Hered at once «nd
V ~)\fW by.tny DYSPEPSIA
¦ -4h^*CCESk~ At *'* druggists,
*&X&cr*3ssS&vb 25c. a TlaL Guide
to Health and mcdi-
I I f' cal adTice free. 1505
• Arch street, Phfla.
f?Q Ck!e&e*tCT'a EagUih Diamond Bmi T*-,
f EHHYRdVAL PiLLS
\f j— jKt^y Ortstaal mod Only Q<n utn<v jk.
l».i\ \£S.*l Dngilft for CMchuter a fnaiu* D.a-Xfi&.
*>%£S" : jt*Kl m on<i B~m<l. In Krd m<l ColJ mrtanto VbijT
V —^igiKpoxea, •ralod with Una ribbon. Tula \Br
iv 4 9^ V.'." *• other. Rcfu.te iur> it— >v» n>6jn*» v
I" / w:hm(iii.l imiiuv m. At Dracgitti, or wnd 4it
I %¦» Jc la smtu-s for « irti<ralar», testlasslsl* \*l
\T>* JE# ** Kaltcf fer fcadlea,™ *» Utter, br retara
•A Xr H(JL 1 0.OOW TmlmcnikU. Ifsoe f:p*.
s£jj^gpr injection. ;!
I A PERMANENT CURE I
J » of the most obstinate ca«ea of Gonorrtu** < J
I • anil Gleet, euaranteed in from 3 to 6 < ,
I j days ; no othrr treatment requirwL ' i
J i Sold by all druggists. , •
!5"3 H COTPZH tjfS\ STOPP — D FREB
S El W3W 3 Permanently Cured bt
11 H DR. KLINE'S GREAT
H L $1 NERVE RESTORER
to Fit pitienu who p»7 «?rt»a«» »»!t on d.arjry.
Ptrmonmt Cur,, not only wmpor.ry rt.l.f. far fcl .Ver-
931 Arch Street, Philadelphia, fwwdsdun. •
jeJ? FAVORITE
JL rORWEAKWOMEAI.
-¦> f^tS^i^y^T'j- 1. ft B! * •* n • ron-pciwrcrji
ty^ti't^^' rDme£ iT for wo&orriiica,
VSErSr CCHEiT^ja Olmrt, Sparraatorrh *¦%
lfeff-3' la 1»• 5 4«7t- V3 Whites, unnatural It*.
BJtitS Qcir*n«e*l \j charges, or aar la3:;Ti-aa.
ffdfeß not to (trtetor*. (ion, irritation or ia.»rv
Bfc—-|?riT«&u eoouirton. tic a o< mncooa me»
I'aVy HEEvAMS CHEMiPn 0a branc*. Noa-Mtriage&t.
«?S\ ciNCi«m*Ti,o E|?Sl Sold &7 «*i-u*sri«K.
\J ; »*V O. '. a 2*i?a or BPr:t ta P l;i ' n fnp;«r,
JVtSji^ J^S^Si "J express, prepaid, fai
¦DIDTTCUI7Q FOR barbers, bak-
DilUOllilO «". bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
Uemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHAMVH BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 6Os Sacramento St
•~~ ~~ : '¦ . ¦ '. ~~ '
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Colw.
OiTlCb". W FQLSQX. ST.
"Never Quit Certainty
For Hope."
You msy take Hood's Sarsaparilla for
all diseases arising from or promoted by
impure blood iviih perfect confidence that
it 'will do you good. Never take any sub-
stitute. In Hood's SarsaparSla you have
the best medicine money can buy. U
cures, — completely and permanently, —
<a>hen others fad to do any good.
Scrofulous Humor—""/ <was in ter-
rible condition from the itching and burning
of scrofulous humor. Grew <zvorse under
treatment of several doctors. Took
Hood's SarsaparUla and Hood's Pills.
These cured me thoroughly/ J. /• Little,
Fulton. N. Y. Remember
SHOT HER COMPANION.
THEN KILLED HERSELF
Police Theory Regarding the Death
of a Man and a Woman at
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.— The principal? in the
Souhle- tragedy of Monday at 143 West
Madison street were identified to-day as
A. J. Futrell ot Mark>c_ Ir.d.. and Mrs.
John Hlckey of Blairsville, Pa., and if
the theory advanced by the police is
borne out the double crime was committed
by the woman. Her husband served in
Cuba durinp the Spanish-American war
and in his absence she left he-r child of
1 years with her parents at Blairsville and
•rent to Marion to live with her sister. It
vas there she met Futre-H. a saloon
keeper. They Hop<MJ, he deserting a wife
and several children.
The theory that the woman shot Kutrell
end killed herself is bawd on several
features. One is her morbid craving for
Ff-r.Fational literature. In her trunk was
!¦¦.:¦; more than a doze-n novels of the
erotic kind, indicating he-r literary taste
&r.d suggesting teat thf contents might
have excited her to commit the crime.
The position of Futrell's body when dis
covered also bears out the theory that
the woman first shot Futrell, then her
felf.
SUPERVISOR OF SAN
JOAQUIN PASSES AWAY
3>eath of James A. Shepherd, Who
Held the Position of Chairman
of the Board.
STOCKTON. Jan. ?.— James A. Shephr rd
Df I^athrop. chairman of the Board of Su
pervisors of San Joaquin County, died Rt
the County Hospital this morning, where
fie had been under the care of Superin
tendent Tapßart as a private patient.
Kidney and bladder troubles, which had
confined him to his bed for si-ni* 1 time,
v/cro Ifce r;;use of his rVniisp. The ile
ceas«-d was in hi* seventieth year, and
cair- to this county in th»- pioneer d?>ys.
enpaping in farming. With Mr. Shepherd
Ihe Democrat* had a majority in the
I.' '..: •'¦ of Supervisors. The Governor may
till the vacancy by appointing some one
to hold until a ppecial election in the dis
trict which Mr. Shepherd represented.
The special election must be called by
the Supervisors on the fifth Tuesday after
the vacancy occurs.
HORRORS OF FAMINE
GROW IN INDIA
Parents Sell or Even Abandon Their
Children and Families
Break Up.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— Latest mail ad
«M^a« frnm Tnrita flvpr that fVi*» cltnoMr*r»
there grows darker every week. Three
million men are employed on Government
relief works. The sale of children by
Starving parents is becoming common.
Families an* bnakinjr up. each member
looking out for himself in search of food.
Abandoned children are found with fre
quency. It is a famine of water as well
es food. Cattle are dying off \ry thou
sands and no rain is now expected until
June.
Ex-Supervisor Passes Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Jan. 9.— M. R. York, an
ex-Supervisor and an old and highly re
spected resident of Yolo County, died at
his home near Madison Monday night. ¦
BRIBED LEGISLATORS SO
HE COULD EXPOSE THEM
Whiteside of "Montana Continues His
Testimony in the Case of Sen
ator Clark.
WASHINGTON, Jim. 9.— Ex-State Sen
ator Whitepide of Montana continued his
testimony before the Senate Committee
on Privileges and Elections to-day in the
Clark case. He was cross-examined by
Faulkner. He itlontilled two envelopes ex
hibited, which, be said, had contained
money given to him to hold members of
the Legislature. They were marked by
initials and otherwise, which Whiteside
said had been placed on the envelopes
at the time the money was deposited in
them.
Whiteside said that after receiving the
money for other members of the Legis
lature he had placed it in a bank safe
deposit vault, but that when he took it
out, previous to the exposure, he pinned
the envelope containing It to the under
Bide of the bottom of a drawer in a dress-
Ing case in his room. In answer to a
question, the witness said he had noth
ing else in the drawer. .He had, he added,
only rented the drawer at the time he re
ceived the first money.
Whiteside said he had been before the
Lewis and Clark County Grand Jury for
less than an hour, which was explana
tory' of the fact that he had given the
names of men in his testimony here which
had not been given to the Grand Jury
as the names of men who had been im
properly influenced in Senator Clark's fa
vor. He said that In approaching mem
bers of the Legislature in Clark's behalf
he had done so w.*n the hope that they
would refuse the bribes offered, in which
event he had intended to advise them of
his plan of exposure, but that when he
found a man willing to accept the. money
offered he did not take him Into his con
fidence. /
An effort was made to show that White
side had npt had positive knowledge^ of
the placing of Jhe money in the envelopes
from which the $30,000 was taken and
•turned over' to the State, and, in this con
nection, counsel for Clark said that it
was the purpose of the defense to show
that Whiteside had placed the money
there himself.
MAYORALTY MUDDLE
IN SACRAMENTO
Land Charges Clark, His Attorney
and the Board of Trustees With
Contempt of Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.— The mayoralty
situation presented several interesting de
velopments to-day, the most noteworthy
of which was the suing out of a citation
by Mayor Land charging Mayor Clark
his attorney, Hiram W. Johnson, and thu
entire Board of Trustees of nine mem
bers, with contempt of court in having
failed to comply with the temporary in
junction issued by Judge Johnson last
night restraining those parties from in
terfering with Mayor Land in the dis
charge of his duties as Mayor. In his
complaint Land alleges that he has been
locked out of his oillce and cannot ob
tain the keys.
Mayor Clark last night sent to the
Trustees for confirmation the name of
John E. Sullivan for Chief of Police.
.Mayor Land took his turn at the bat to
day by forwarding to the Trustees as his
appointment for Chief of Police the name
of Robert \V. Ash, who is the present
acting chief, having been Installed as
such upon the death of Chief Dwyer a
few months ago. Clark filed an applica
tion In the Superior Court for the dissolu
tion of the temporary injunction against
him issued last night. It was argued for
several hours and had not been disposed
of when court adjourned until to-morrow.
A fair indication of public sentiment may
be gained from the fact that the Bee to
night prints an editorial protest against
attempts to prevent Clark occupying his
seat before the courts have had a chance
to decide the suit brought against him by
William H. Bradley for alleged violation
of the election law. The Bee, by the way,
strongly opposed Clark during the cam
paign. The Bradley case came up to-day
but was continued until to-morrow.
PLAINTIFFS WIN
AN IMPORTANT POINT
J. B. Eassett Named by the Court as
Receiver of the Coos Bay and
Eastern Railroad.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. '9. —Judge
Bellinger in the Uniteu States District
Court to-day appointed J. B. Hassett rer
celver of the Coos Bay and Eastern Rail
road and Navigation Company. The suit
for a receiver was brought by J. D.
Sprockets & Bros. Company of San Fran
cisco to compel a registry of the stock
and a reorganization of the board of di
rectors of the company. It is alleged that
Spreckels Bros, furnished to R. A. Gra
ham the money to build the railroad and
took as security practically the whole
issue of bonds of the road amounting to
$620,00Q and a majority of the stock in
dorsed but not registered, Graham owing
them on a settlement $523,000. Graham
was given six months to repurchase from
Spreckels Bros, their interest in the stock
and bonds of the road and their Beaver
Hill Coal Company for $550,000, Graham
agreeing that should he not consummate
the purchase he would relinquish to
Spreckels Bros, all his interest in the road
and mine. Accordingly tho securities
were lodged in the Bank of California as
trustee. Graham defaulted In the pay
ment and the trustee turned over the
stock and bonds to Spreckels Bros. The
secretary of the corporation refused to
transfer the stock and to register Spreck
els Bros, on the books as owners of the
property. ' The suit Is brought to compel
a registry of the stock.
Senator White Improving.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 9.— Edward White of
Watsonville was in town to-day. 'He says
that his brother. Hon. Stephen M. White,
is at Paraiso Springs and is rapidly re
gaining his health and strength; ,_ •
SEWALL FAVORS
CONTRACT LABOR
Report of Agent at
Hawaiian Isles.
— '-f — •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.—
Harold Sewall, special agent of the
United States at Hawaii, has submitted
a report on labor conditions of the isiand3.
He states at the outset that he gives the
situation exactly as he finds it, and pre-
faces the report with a resume of the dif
ferences between free and contract labor,
his conclusion being in favor of the latter.
The ordinary manual labor on a planta
tion is performed by unskilled labor, con
tract and free, divided among various na
tionalities, Chinese and Japanese being
predominant. Free labor Is employed by
the month or day without contract and
has either come to the country as free
labor or has become such after the usual
three-year contract has expired. While
this class receives higher pay than
men under contract,' the men are liable
to be discharged at a moment's notice
and the plantation gives them nothing but
.wages and shelter while work is going
on. Their position Is exceedingly pre»
carious, as distrust between the employer
and employed seems . mutual. The con
tract man's position is fixed by contract.
As a usual thing this is for three years,
when he comes from foreign countries,
and for less time when he is a resident of
the islands. He is certain of steady work
and a fixed amount per month. He can
demand shelter for himself and his fam
ily. For this he must work, when able,
a certain fixed time, per day and a certain
number of days per month, wherever It
pleases his employer, and must otherwise
fulfill the terms of his contract.
Contract labor evidently has its good
side under .certain conditions, according
to Mr. Sewall's statement. It may be that
things are different over there, and per
haps laborers are not troubled very much
by abstract principles concerning the
freedom of men. That their Immediate
needs are supplied is sufficient for them,
and the harangue of a walking delegate ia
something that will have to come later to
them with advancing civilization.
-»-*• - ¦*- ~-* » -v >j -w \? -~
some of them are now. They are as fit for self
government as was Japan when she was wel
comed Into the family of nations.
9. That the outbreak of hostilities was not
their fault, but ours. A patrol, not a hostile
military force, approached a small village be
tween the lines of the two armies, a village
on the American side of the line of demarka
tion to which some of our soldiers had been
moved In disregard of the rule applicable to all
cases of truce. When this patrol approached
this town it was challenged. How far the
Filipinos understood our language and how far
our pickets understood the reply that they made
In their own language does not appear. But
we fired on them first. The fire was returned
from their lines. Thereupon it was returned
again from us and several Filipinos were
killed. As soon as Aguinaldo h°ard of it he
sent a message to General Otis saying that the
firing was without his knowledge and against
his will: that he deplored It and that he de
sired hostilities to cease anil would withdraw
his troops to any distance General Otis should
desire. To which the American general replied
that as the fighting had begun it must go on.
13. Tiiat on the 2Kth of December, ISSS, the
two «iiios being at peace, although great uneasi
ness and irritation had already manifested lt
telf on the part of the Filipinos, who were
afrai'l we meant to subjugate them. President
McKlnley sent General Otis a proclamation
which he cr.mmaniled him to Issue. General
Otis, on reading It— to ufc the language of hia
report— concluded that there were certain words
an 1 expressions therein, such as "sovereignty."
"right of cession," and those who directed Im
mediate occupation, though most admirably em
ployed and tersely expressive of artual condi
tions, night be advantageously useit by thfc
Tagalo war party to incite widespread hostili
ties amr.ng the natives. Whereup'n General Otis
proceeds to amend the President's proclama
tion by striking out everything in It which con
talris a purpose to assume sovereignty or pro
tection and which was significant of future
political domination; and instead thereof, he
issued a proclamation in which he suppressed
all these utterances and assures them that It
Is the purpose of the people of the United
States to give them "in every possible way the
full measure of Individual liberty which is the
heritage of a free people." That assurance which
General Otis gave to the people of Manl'.a Is
Just what I have always wanted and all 1 have
always wanted to give them. But, unhappily.
General Otis' proclamation was frustrated. In
the meantime he had sent a copy of the Presi
dent's p.oclamatlon to General Miller, w.ho was
lying opposite Hollo, burning for a fight, and
who. much to General Otis' distress, as his dis
patches show, published it. So we have the com
mander denying all purpose of domination or
of interfering with their Independence on the
one hand and the President of the United
States on the other asserting that purpose, and
the Filipinos .were naturally alarmed and
shocked. Now put* yourselves, men of Essex,
in the places of these people. What would your
fathers have done If General Gage and Lord
North had been the actors? What would any
people on the face of the earth,' whose bosoms
are capable of holding the sentiment of liberty,
have done? Is It not Infamous for. anybody to
turn around and tell you that the men who be
lieve that the Filipinos should have been as
sured Just what General Otis tried to assure
them of, are responsible for the outbreak of
the war? General Otis says that the proclama
tion which actually came out. through General
Miller's departure from lv' intention*, was cal
culated to cause and did cause hostilities
and excite alarm and indignation in the bosoms
of that freedom-seeking people.
HOAR AND RAWLINS
DEMAND INFORMATION
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— Senator Hear
to-day introduced the following resolu
tion:
Resolved, That the President be requested, If
In his judgment It Is not Incompatible with the
public interests, to communicate to the Senate
all communications which have been received
by him or by any department or officer, civil
or military, from Agulnaldo or any other per
son undertaking to represent the people In
arms against the United States In the Philip
pine Islands or any alleged government or pub
lic authority of said people, and all replies to
such communications. Also such proclamations
by him issued to the people of the Philippine
Islands, actually directed by him to be issued
and such as were actually proclaimed by Gen
eral Otis, and if In any respect they were al
tered or any part of them were omitted.
Also, to Inform the Senate whether any ap
proval or disapproval was expressed by his
authority or that of the War Department after
such change. If any.
Also, all constitutions, forms of government
or proclamations issued by Aguinaldo or any
congress or legislative assembly, or body claim-
Ing to be such, or convention of the people of
the Philippine Islands or any part thereof, or
claiming to rppreyent them or any part thereof,
of which information may have come to him
or to any department of the Government.
And the President to he further requested
to communicate without- delay so much of said
Information as Is now In his possession or In
that of any department .at Washington, with
out waiting to obtain ab much of said Infor
mation as may requlrf considerable delay or
communication with the Philippine Islands,
and to communicate the remainder of the in
formation as soon thereafter as it can be ob
tained.
Hoar endeavored to secure immediate
consideration for his resolution, but on ob
jection it went over until to-morrow.
Senator Rawlins of Utah introduced a
resolution to-day, which was referred to
the Philippine committee, directing the
committee to inquire into and report:
First — What form Of government, insurgent,
revolutionary or dictatorship, other than that
of the kingdom of Spain, existed in the Phil
ippine Islands prior to December 10, 1899, and
to what extent Spain had actual control of the
islands T
Second— Can sovereign power be Justly and
in accordance with international law claimed
in the absence of power to control?
FRANKFORT. Ky., Jan. 9.— The
House balloted for United States
Senator with the following result:
Blackburn (Dem.), 57; Bradley
(Rep.), 42. In the Senate the ballot for
Senator stood: Blackburn 22, Bradley 12.
Senators Crenshaw and McConnell
(Pops.) voted for Blackburn, and Hayes
and Alexander, the two anti-Blackburn
men, were not present.
The Joint assembly will ballot to-mor
row and on account of the doubt as to
whether the ballot should occur to-day
or next Tuesday, the proceedings of to
morrow will be duplicated, on the corre
sponding days of next week.
Common Sense
is possessed by most people who think for
themselves. The average man knows that
if his blood is impure he feels sick all
over. He has headache, nausea, bad taste
in the mouth, is costive and can put no
energy into his work. The kidneys are de-
signed to purify the blood, but if diseased
and tired out they cannot do it. Extra
work is thrown on the liver and lungs,
and they, too, become diseased under the
additional burden until the whole body is
completely poisoned. What is to be done?
Common sense says put the kidneys, the
b!ood-purifying organs, in good health, and
do it at once with Warner's Safe Cure
before the k dneys break down and disin-
tegrate from Bright's disease. — Warner's
Safe Cure, a purely vegetable preparation,
has cured thousands of men and women
during the past twenty years who were in
danger of death. It does exactly as repre-
sented, and does it quickly. One bottle
will aid, a few bottles will cure. It is not a
cheap decoction, but a scientific preparation
carefully compounded. Do not longer trifle
'with your health, but give this great remedy
an opportunity to cure you.
SENATE DEBATE
ON IMPERIALISM
Beveridge fldvocates ExpaQsion
and Is Replied To by
rjoor.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— "That man lit
tle knows the common people of the re
public, little understands the instincts of
our race who thinks we will not hold it
(the Philippine archipelago) fast and hold
it forever, administering just government
by simplest methods."
This sentence was the keynote of the
speech delivered in the Senate to-day by
Beveridge, the junior Senator from In
diana. It was the maiden speech in the
Senate of about the youngest member of
that body. At the conclusion of the
speech unrestrained applause swept over
the galleries and it was notable that Sec
retary of the Treasury Gage, who occu
pied a seat in the Senators' gallery, was
a participant in it.
Hoar (Rep.) qf Massachusetts replied
brieily to Beveridge. Although he did not
enter fully into the merits of the question
under discussion, he felt that some of the
Senator's statements ought not to go lotlie
country unchallenged. He declared that
not the American opposition to the war
but the President's proclamation to the
Filipinos was responsible for the hostili
ties. He ridiculed Beveridge's statement
that the Filipinos were not capable of
self-government and quoted General Otis'
reports to show that they were.
In the course of his speech Beveridge
said:
The Philippines are ours forever, territory
belonging to the United States, as the consti
tution calls them. And Just beyond the Philip
pines are China's illimitable markets. We will
not retreat from either. We will not repudiate
our duty in the archipelago. • We will not aban
don our opportunity in the Orient. J We will
not renounce our Dart in the mission of our
race, trustee, under God, of the civilization of
the world. And we will move forward to our
work, not howling out regrets, like slaves
whipped to their burdens, but with gratitude
for a task worthy of our strength, and thanks
giving to Almighty , God that he has marked
us as hla chosen people, henceforth to lead in
the regeneration of the world.
Hoar, who hai» been a careful listener
to the speech of Beveridge, as soon as he
could make himself heard said that ho
had been delighted with the eloquence of
the Senator Irom Indiana.
"1 am glad," he said, "to welcome to
the public service his enthusiasm, his sil
very speech and the earnestness with
which he is disposed to discharge his
duty."
Yet, he said, he had listened in vain for
those words which the American people
have taken on their lips in solemn crises.
The words "right, justice, duty ana free
dom" were absent from the eloquent ad
dress. The beauty and eloquence of the
speech had recalled that incident in which
Satan had taken Christ up into an ex
ceedingly high mountain and shown him
all the kingdoms of the world and the
glory thereof and promised that all should
be his if he would but fall down and wor
ship, and he had replied:
"Get thee behind me, Satan."
Hoar declared - that practically every
statement of fact in the speech was refut
ed by Government reports received from
Admiral Dewey, General Otis and from
other official 'sources. "Where did Spain
get the right to sell her right in the Phil
ippines?" Hear asked. Where did the
United States get the right to buy and
sell people like sheep? He was certain
that for all the wealth and commerce and
glory which hft had eloquently depicted
the Senator from Indiana would not have
great injustice done.
Hoar declared the Filipinos had the
Spaniards hemmed in in Manila and the
latter were obliged to surrender. He
thought it woula be necessary to revise
the constitution before those Filipinos
could be bought and sold. He did not be
lieve lieveriage would advise the Ameri
can ppople to do this thing or to do any
thing so base as to strike down the infant
Filipino republic. .*
The Massachusetts Senator made fre
quent references to and quotations from
the reports of General Otis and Admiral
Dewey and oth*>r officers in the Philip
pines. Those showed, he asserted, that
when Agulnaldo* arrived,- in Luzon, from
Hongkong the insurgents had an army of
3U,00o; that in the- island of Luzon the Fili
pinos maintained' courts, schools, munici
pal governments and churches, and that
peace and order prevailed generally.
Spanish prisoners were kindly treated.
"This," declared Hoar, "is the condition
of things which it Is proposed to crush
under our heels. And that," he added,
"you call glory."
Hoar referred to Beveridge's statement
that the present condition of warfare was
due to utterances in this country. This
he denied, and pointed out that in De
cember, IS9B, the President had sent a
proclamation to General Otis for publica
tion to the Filipinos. General Otis re
turned the proclamation, with the state
ment that after full consideration of the
terms "sovereignty, right of cession," etc.,
he was convinced they were calculated to
cause an immediate outbreak of hostili
ties. General Otis amended the procla
mation by making the statement:
"I am convinced that it is the intention
of the Government of the United States
to seek the establishment of the most lib
eral government in the Philippines."
This appeared in the proclamation pub
lished to the Filipinos, but a copy of the
actual proclamation of the President fell
into the hands of the Filipino leaders and
precipitated hostilities. General Otis had
promised, Hoar said, a government to the
Filipinos in which they would be able to
exercise a full measure of their individual
rights.
"Did he utter this promise to a people
Incapable of self-government— to half-sav
a«?es and half-Spaniards?" demanded
Ifoar.
He thought it bold to charge those men
who had opposed this war from the be
ginning with the responsibility for all the
blood being shed. He declared that thf-re
had not been a time when, if General Otis
had been able to give assurances of inde
pendence to the Filipinos, the war would
not have terminated.
HOAR PLEADS THE
CAUSE OF FILIPINOS
Most Interesting I/etter Sent by the
Senator to Leading Editors
' of- Boston.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— Senator Hoar
of Massachusetts has made public a let
ter he has addressed to the editors of the
Journal, Advertiser, Herald and Globe of
Boston In answer to a speech made by
ex-Representative Quigg at the Essex
Club t the last Saturday in December. In
this speech Mr. Quigg, referring to Sen
ator Hoar's attitude on the Filipino ques
tion, declared that the Senator "wants us
to skulk from our duty."
Senator Hoar assarts that the dis
patches of Admiral Dewey and General
Otis (some of the latter read by him, he
says, having been withheld thus far from
public knowledge) establish beyond rea
sonable doubt:
1. That Agulnaldo is an honest, patriotic and
brave man. Indeed, that is the express testi
mony of Mr. Schurman, president of the Philip
pine Commission.
2. That Aguinaldo was the chosen leader of
the people of the Philippine Islands.
. 3. That the people have from the beginning
desired independence and desire it now.
4. That this desire was communicated to our
. commanders when they gave them arms, ac
cepted their aid and brought Agulnaldo from
his cxil'e, when he was put in command of 30,
000 Filipino soldiers, who were already in arms
and organized.
. 6. That the people of the Philippine Islands,
before we flred upon their troops, have deliv
ered their own land from Spain, with the sin
gle exception of the town of Manila, and that
they hemmed in the Spanish troops on land by
a line extending from water to water.
6. That we could not have captured the Span
ish garrison, which was done by an arrange
ment beforehand, upon a mere show of resist
ance, but for the fact that they were so
hemmed In by Agulnaldo'a forces and could not
retreat beyond the range and fire of the guns
of our fleet.
7. That during all this period to the final
conflict the Filipinos were repeatedly inform
ing our Government that they desired their
freedom and that they were never informed or
any purpose on our part to subdue them.
8. That they were fit for independence. They
had churches, libraries, works of art and edu
cation. They were better educated than many
American communities within the memory of
: some of us. They were governing their entire
islands except Manila in order and quiet, with
municipal governments, courts of Justice,
schools and a complete constitution, resting
upon the consent of the people. They were
better fitted for self-government than any
country on the continent south of us from the
Kio Qrande to Cape Horn, San Domingo or
HaytPwhen they received their independence,
, and are better fitted for eeir-government than
JOE BLACKBURN
CHOSEN SENATOR
Kentucky Legislature to
Duplicate Ballot.
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. '. "All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure
S. W. Grove's signature U oa each box. j 25c.
DUEL THAT MAY
END WITH A FATALITY
Indian Becomes Too Attentive to the
Wife of a Mexican and a
Fight Results.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. £>.— News was re
ceived from Lower California to-day of a
probably fatal duel between a Mexican
named Rosas and a Yaqui Indian called
Leandro. The latter, it seems, had sought
to be attentive to Rosas' wife and the
Mexican resented it. The'tv.-o men had
quarreled and renewed their dispute last
Sunday. Leandro fired four shots at
Rosas, but did not hit him. Rosas then
stabbed the Yaqui, inflicting a wound that
is likely to prove fatal. The affair oc
curred about forty miles east of En
senada. :f: f
ANTI-IMPERIALISTS CONFER.
Decide to Call Two National Meetings
.This Year.
MINNEAPOLIS, Jan. 9.— Elwood S.
Corser, who represents the National Sil
ver Republican party in its negotiations
with the Democrats and Populists, has
just returned from a conference of anti-
Imperialists at Chicago, at which it was
agreed to hold a national meeting at
Plttsburg on February 22. and another,
probably in Chicago, just before the Re
publican National Convention meets. At
this latter meeting it is the intention to
make a. declaration. that no party or can
didate opposed to the recognition of the
Filipinos shall receive its support.
CLOUDED MEMORY, WANT OP ENERGY,
LOSS OP STRENGTH.
HUDYAN CURES.
__ TT TTT T T^"V A
*>w ' "*f frV'4 the nerves
lEwShw^y a » JPSs ° r diseased
kidneys are
established by HUDYAN.
¦ HUDYAN cures headaches and dizziness <5).
hollow eyes and sunken cheeks (4). fluttering
of heart <3). indigestion (2). torpid liver (1).
Weakness, paleness, emaciation, that feeling
Of exhaustion, constipation, loss of appetite,
trembling hands, nervousness, tendency to
faint— all these are permanently cured by
HUDYAX, for they are all weak-nerve condi-
tions.
fiFT HIIDYAN Krom * cur <Jru K el»t. «* a
UEI UVU I All package, six packasea fof
$2 »0. It your druggist does not keep It send di-
rect to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. cor.
Stockton. Ellis and Market ats.. San- Francisco.
Cal.
| CONSULT! Consult Free the
I FREE. I Hudyon Doctors. Call
? ' ; f op writs to them. '— .*
¦ I think them the most wonderful medi-
cine for all bronchial affections." — llom.
Mrs. Pesky, Castle Grer, Limerick, Ireland.
OP BOSTON
Pold In boxes only— Avoid Imitations.
OF INTEREST TO
THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes in the Postal Service, Offices
Discontinued and Pensions
Granted.
Special Dippatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— The postofflce
at Hetten, Trinity County, will be discon
tinued after January 31. Mail should be
sent to Amada. The postoffice at Willow
Glen, Santa Clara County, is also discon
tinued after to-iiay, the office having be
come a sub-station of San Jose.
The House Committee on Naval Affairs
to-day -appointed sub-committees, and
Representative Metcalf becomes a mem
ber of the Navy Yards and Ordnance com
mittees, which are considered the best
assignments. The committee will shortly
visit the navy yards on the Eastern coast,
but will not be able to go to. Mare Island
yard before adjournment of the present
session.
I'acilic Coast patents were granted to
day as follows: California— Joseph W.
Blunden, San Francisco, nechtie fastener,
also pile driver; Charles A. JBorein,' Oak
land, valve for vessels ; Edgar Cherry, San
Francisco, advertising uevice; Jorgen
Cluistenson, San Francisco, steering de
vice for vessels; James H. Gray, San
Francisco, bucket-dredging machine; John
Hcaney, Gridley, hemp brake; John
OToole, San Francisco, windmill; A, J.
Osborr.e, Pomona, lunch box; Thomas H.
Oxman. Los Angeles, safety attachment
for hoisting machinery; Alva L. Reynolds,
Santa Ana. pump; Joseph I. Richards, Los
Ar.geles, hot air syringe; Edward A. Rix,
San Francisco, air compressing engine;
Richard il. Spencer, San Francisco win
dow screen: A. C. Stewart, Santa Paula,
governor for explosive engines; Lilburn
Wade. Escalon. nut lock; Charles M. Wil
liams, Los Angeles, assignor to Star Nov
elty Company, animal trap; L. H. Wool
ley, Oakland, apparatus for raising water.
Washington— Willard T. Payne, Ta
coma. cattle guard. :.
H. E. Willard was to-day appointed
postmaster at lacjua, Humboldt County,
vice Luvanda Frame, resigned. The con
tracts fjr carrying mail from Beckwith
to Settle, Cal., has been awarded to
Gardner Coombs.
Pensions: California— lncrease: Henry
Rice, San Francisco, $12 to $14.
Original widows, etc.: Elizabeth Pasco,
Lamanda, $*.
Original: Samuel IC. Flanders, Los An
geles, ?»; George W. Dillon. San Jose, $6.
Original widows, special, accrued De
cember 2H: Mary E. Scearce, Santa Ana.,
$20; Virginia L. Mclntosh, Los Angeles,
$J>.
Washington — Original: Joseph Lampitt,
Cowlitz, $6; Charles M. Michael, Daven
port, $6.
PASADENA'S ANTI-SALOON
FIGHT WAXES WARM
Sanitary Board Collecting Evidence
Against Those Who Have Evaded
the Law by a Ruse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Jan. 9.— When the Anti-
Saloon League people won their fight at
the polls last October and passed the san
itary law they thought that the saloons
or roadhouses to the east and north of
this city had been vanquished. Now they
are finding that the light was but just
begun on that day. It is still hot and the
sanitary board this week entered into con
sultation with the District Attorney to
find if possible what steps should be taken
to close the saloons completely. Up to
this time , the "blind pigs" have been
blinded in one eye only. The board was
advised to bring suit against the saloons
and will do so. The proprietors will be
prosecuted for refusing to obey the order
of the board.
The sanitary district is an organization
provided for by legislative act, the sani
tary board being given power to refuse or
grant liquor licenses. North Pasadena
and Lamanda Park organized simply for
the purpose of gaining power over the sa
loons. As soon as the board had been or
ganized, after all manner of legal quib
bles had been decided in Its favor, notices
were posted ordering the saloons to close
within a given time. Instead of closing,
the saloon keepers, on the advice of their
attorneys, removed the signs from their
places of business and substituted there
for eipns announcing the business as
"wholesale.? For a time this ruse has
been successful, but the sanitary board,
having reason to believe that the liquor
was sold on the sly in other ways than
could be termed wholesale. Is now tak
ing further steps.
LITTLE GIRL MAY
HAVE BEEN POISONED
Peculiar Death of Little Rosali<?
De La Torre of Sacramento
After Eating Candy.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 9.— Little Rosal'e
De La Torre died here on Sunday night
after a brief Illness. : Circumstances Indi
cate that the cause of her death was poi
soned candy she had bought. The case
was not reported to the Coroner until
some of the neighbors, who thought her
death suspicious, brought word to him.
The attending physician signed the death
certificate, giving the cause of death as
peritonitis, and the undertaker had em
balmed the body before the Coroner was
notified, thus destroying the chance of
finding poison in the stomach.
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNBS DAY, JANUARY 10, 1900.
MURDERER ROSSER
CONTINUES IN LUCK
Latest Victim pails to Appear
Against Hi") and He Is
Released;
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— Walter Rosser, the medical student, who ehot
Frederick Slater of Rahway, N. J.. in Madison Square Garden on the last
night of the six-day bicycle race on December 9; was to-day discharged from
custody. Slater failing to appear against him.
PULITZER'S HOUSE
RAZED BY FLAMES
Two Servants Perish in
the Fire.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.-The handsome
residence of Joseph Pulitzer, publisher of
the New York World, at 10-12 East Fifty-
Jifth street, was destroyed by fire to-day
and two women servants were suffocated
or burned to death. The total loss is es
timated at about $300,0u0. The Insurance
Is $250,000.
The victims of the fire were Mrs. Mor- j
pan Jeileit, the housekeeper, and Miss j
.Elizabeth Montgomery, a governess.
The dwelling was c. four-story building j
of stono and briok, with carved entrance, j
The dining-room was famous for its hand- i
come linings. There was a conservatory j
adjoining, and here the fire started. The :
origin of the fire is variously ascribed to
electric wires, the steam heater and an 1
open fire. It started about 7:30 .a. m., !
•while Mrs. Pulitzer, her daughters Con- ;
ttar.ee and Edith. 12 and 14 years of age i
respectively, Herbert, a boy of 3, and |
the housekeeper and governess were j
asleep. Air. Pulitzer and his son Joseph j
Jr.. were at Lakewood. There were six- ;
leen servants in the house.
The servants in the house and the pass
ers-by discovered the fire about the same
time. There was not much smoke, but
the tiam<*s spread rapidly and were soon
beyond control. Mrs. Pulitzer got her
fhildren together and with the aid of
their nurses got them safely tn the street
end then to an adjoining dwelling. Sev
eral of the servants had narrow escapes,
tine of them making his way out of the
building by the way of the roof. He said
that b« saw Mrs. Jellett on the roof and
that she went back to get a bag contain
ing Christmas presents. When the fire
jnen found the body of the housekeeper
on the top floor the bag was in her hand.
Jx contained a number of silver trinkets
end fancy articles. The woman's body
Vas partly burned.
The body of the governess. Miss Mont
pomery. was discovered after several
Jiours, in the ruins on the third floor.
The woman had only time to put on a
rkirt and bathrobe with a pair of slip
pers, before phe was overcome. Her body
was not badly burned, showing that she
probably had been suffocated.
Mrs. Pulitzer, who is a niece of Jeffer
fnn Davis, had a number of jewels in a
pafe in the house, which was burned In
rhe ruins. She said that everybody had
time to get out of the house after the fire
Started, as there was smoke only for
6ome minutes before the flames.
The building was completely ruined by
the fire. The contents were an entire
Jnpfi, and these alone, it is estimated,
*vere worth f!so.<*W.
TRIAL TRIP OF
CRUISER ALBANY
Hig.-i Speed of the New
Warship.
NEWCASTLE, Eng.. Jan. 9.— The
United States cruiser Albany, formerly
the Brazilian' cruiser Abroiiall, purchased
by the United States Government shortly
before the beginning of the war with
Spain while under construction here, was
given a successful official trial off this
port to-day. She developed a speed of
20.5>7 knots, showing thorough seaworthi
ness, and exceeding her contract condi
tions.
The trial was under the supervision of
the L'niltd States Naval Board, consist
ing of Lieutenant Commander Colwell,
the United Slates naval attache; Chief
Engineer Norton, and Constructor Gil
more.
Once out in* the Xorth Sea the Albany
began to tune up. Four times she
steamed past the measured mile, running
under natural draught at a mean speed
of ly.ti knots, whicn was six-tenths of
a knot above contract speed. Then came
ihe crucial test. Forced draught was
brought to bear against the tide and wind.
'I he Albany, which previously had not
made any fuss, began to throw up sea
from her ram to the bridge, but she
cleared the waves as steadily as possible
until .she reached a speed of 2U.8? knots.
Her mean speed over the four measuitd
miles under forced draught was 20.50. Her
contract speed was 2U Knots, but she is
easily capable of an additional knot.
The Armstrongs claim that to-day's
testMhow the Albany is the equal of any
vessel of her class afloat.
Coming up the Tyne the Albany flashed
her new Cuwper-Oowles searchlights, ex
f>eriimnting for the first time with metai
ic instead of glass reflectors. The results
wore satisfactory.
The Albany was greeted with tooting
from the harbor vessels, and the crew of
the British training ship Wellesiey
cheered her heartily.
f JOE BLACKBURN OF KfcN- <k>
? TUCKY. t
J SENATOR BEVERIDGE OF t
a .INDIANA. f
2S NEW STORE. 1146 MARKET ST. I
s *
s. * ¦ %
! — 'J
I GREAT CLEARANCE SALE! !
5
• LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in black, and Qy rft o
• blue, worth $10.00, will be closed out at.... yJi JJ •
® •
© LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in black and QQ jr |
• blue,' worth $15.00, will be closed out at. ... |^Ui fu •
2 •
o ©
| MISSES' GOLF CAPES, value for $6.50, will be Q 4 B r S
© closed out at l&T'a *T 3 S
g V •
| LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, value for $3.00, will be Q j jr S
0 offered at OlaiU •
| LADIES' BLACK CREPON SKIRTS, value for ft C f\(\ 5
1 $10.00, will be offered at OJ<UU •
2 •
0 *
• FANCY PL AID. SKIRTS, value for $5.00, will be ft ft "fr 8
© offered at uZi (3 •
• w ©
• LADIES' WRAPPERS, value for $1.25, will be offered Cftn •
9 at.......... 0U G S
1 0
• LADIES' FANCY STRIPED SKIRTS, value for $1.25, m •
© will be offered at 0U C ©
c . S
• LADIES' WOOL WAISTS, value for $1.75, will be ftfl f|rt S
• offered at &aiUU *
I OUR ENTIRE STOCK OF LADIES 1 PLUSH JACKETS •
S MARKED DOWN. f
I OUR ENTIRE STOCK LADIES' GOLF CAPES MARKED 2
8 DOWN. g
§ Ladies Will Do Weil to Gall Early and Select First Choice. g
| 1146 Market Street, §
g Bet. Taylor and Mason. g
the body. Three times Dlxon missed and
Terry sent back terrific rights over Dix
on's heart. Dixon rushed repeatedly, but
Mac blocked him every time and kept his
right going like a trip hammer on Dixon's
chest and Btomach. Terry hooked a ter
rific left to the ear at close quarter*.
After a clinch Dixon landed a straight
left on Mac's mouth. Dixon tried this
again, but Terry got inside and sent a
hard right and left to the face, breaking
Dixon's nose, and the colored man went
back to the ropes, with Terry after him.
Dixon bled freely as he returned to his
corner.
EIGHTH HOUND.
Dixon tried his usual opening with a loft
swing, but Terry was Inside, sending his
right to the body and head. Terry arove
Dixon to the ropes, where George slipped
to the floor. Terry helped Dixon to his
feet amid the cheers of the crowd and
Dixon backed Into Terry's corner, where
he went down again. Terry was ready
for him, and under body blows the cham
pion went down again.- Dixon was up in
live seconds and staggered to the center
of the rinp. Terry went after him relent
lessly, planting left and right hooks on
the jaw, and George dropped to the tloor.
Dixon took the full count, getting up on
the tenth second. Terry was ready for
him and under body blows the champion
went down again to take the count once
more. It looked hopeless for Dixon. but
he was game to the core and got up to
face certain defeat. He tried to get away
but his legs failed, and Terry closed In
quickly and sent his left and right to the
body. Dixon clinched, but was again
forced to the floor with a fearful right on
the body. Once more he struggled to his
feet, and Terry went to him v.ith the left
and right and Dixon fell twice. He got
up quickly, to go down for the eighth
V1?-^V 1 ?-^} 1 was all over but tne shouting
with Dixon. With only one second of the
feather-weight championship to Mc-
Govern.
ROOT OUTPOINTS WEST.
Given the Decision at the End of a
Six-Round Contest.
CHICAGO. Jan. 9— Jack Root of Chi
cago was given the decision over Tommy
West of Nf.w York at the end of six
rounds in Tattersall's Pavilion to-night.
The men fought at catch wights. West
was evidently the heavier man of the two.
In the first and second rounds honor3
were about even. Root landed the more
blows, but West wrestled him to the floor
and roughed it generally. In the thinl
round Root obtained a clear margin,
standing West oft and hammering him
with left jabs and right upperhooks.
W»>st fought back furiously, but Root
was the stronger ancl quicker awl haci
West bleeding freely at the nose when
the round closed.
In the fourth round Root went after
his man savagely, giving a straight left
to his nose the lnatnnt they came to
gether. He followed this up with left
and right swing*, making West at the
close of the round very groggy. In tha
fifth West started off well, but soon shot
his bolt and Hoot was all over him.
In the sixth Hoot started in to finish
his man if possible and. although he had
West going within a minute, he was not
able to put him out. West hung on, try-
Ing to avoid Root's jabs and swings, and
could hardly have lasted another minute,
when he was saved by the gong. Referee
Siler gave the decision to Root, the re
sult being greeted with loud cheers.
Manager Lou Houseman managed the
contests, which were attended by the
largest crowd that ever witnessed a box
ing contest in Chicago.
'"Young Oriffo" of Australia was given
the decision over young Kenny of Chi
cago. The men w«-re to have fought at
132 pounds, but Kenny was at least fif
teen pounds over weight. Criffo had tha
better of the tight through all the six
rounds, and, after being declared the vic
tor, sr.id he would tight any man in Amer-
Icu. at 133 pounds for $3>JO.
Alexian Brother Is Called by Death.
CHICAGO. Jan. o.— Rev. Aloyslua
Schyns. head of the Order of Alexian
Brothers in the I'nited States, died here
a right to the body and left to the chin.
Dixon rushed and with a straight left to
the face jarred Terry's head. Terry
rushed back viciously, putting a left to
the head and driving his ripht hard to
the body. The Brooklyn. te rushed George
to the ropes, planting his left on the ribs
and hooking his rignt to the body. Dixon
missed a left swing for the head, Terry
getting inside and planting right and left
on the body. As they broke from a clinch
at the bell Terry hooked a right to the
jaw and Dixon looked badly as he walked
to his corner.
SEVENTH BOUND.
Dixon made the lead as usual, but fallci
to land, and Terry drove left and right to
round left Tom O'Rrmrke threw up tha
sponge and saved Dixon from a knockout
and at the same time tranafcrred tho
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— Terry Mc-
Govern to-night wrested the
feat her- weight championship of
the world from George Dlxon, who
had defended it for nearly nine
years. To pave Dixon from a knock-out
Tom O'Rourke, his manager, threw up the
pponge in the eighth round when the
negro was staggering helplessly, bleeding
and weak, but as game as the dying glad
iator.
The fight took place before a crowd that
racked the Broadway Athletic Club and
the victory decided the ownership of st
510,000 purse. "When Dixon and McGovern
stepped on the scales this afternoon to
make the necessary US pounds Dlxon
Feemed to bo In the better condition. He
was full of life and energy and looked as
if the maklr? of the weight had not
troubled him, while McGovern seemed to
be too finely drawn. When they stepped
Into the ring, however, McGovern's face
showed no trace of a rigid training course,
and as soon as they stripped each looked
In perfect condition.
Dixon from the first tap of the gong
was on the aggressive, using a left swing
Invariably as his lead, which McGovern
cleverly stepped Inside of and Terry sent
both hands la rapid order to Dixon's
lower works. McGovern's attack on the
body was a surprise to Dlxon. as no boxer
who ever faced the r.egro was able to land
on the wind, ribs and kidneys as did Mc-
Govern to-n'.cht.
Dixon jarred McGovern a half-dozen
times during the battle with hard cracks
on the head or Jaw, but Terry was always
back at his man In a Jiffy, relentlessly
McGOVERN WRESTS THE FEATHERWEIGHT
CHAMPIONSHIP FROM GEORGE DIXON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1900.
O'Rourke Throws Up the Sponge in the Eighth Round to Save the Colored
Lad From a Knockout™ Terrific Fighting From Start to Finish, the
Loser Being Floored Eight Times in the Last Three Minutes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRIED ONIONS
Indirectly Caused tha Death of the
"World's Greatest General.
It Is a matter cf history that Isapo'eon
Tvas a gourmand, an Inordinate lover of
the good thir.gs of the table, and history
further records that h!s favorite dish was
fried or.;or.f=; his death from cancer of
stomach. It is claimed also, was probably
caused from his excessive indulgence of
ih'.s fondness for the odorou3 vegetable.
The cnion is undoubtedly a whole-
Fome article of food, in fact has many
medicinal qualities of value, but it would
be difficult to find a more Indigestible ar-
ticle than fried onions, and to many peo-
ple they are pimply poison; but the onion
<>o<;s net Etand alone in this respect. Any
article of food that is not thoroughly di-
gested becomes a eource of disease and
discomfort whether it be fried onions or
beefsteak.
The rea.-on why any wholesome food is
not promptly digested 13 because the
ftonxach lacks some important element of
cirestion, some stomachs laxrk peptone,
others are deficient in pastric Juice, etill
others lack hydrochloric acid.
The one thing necessary to do In any
race of poor digestion li? to supply those
elements of digestion which the stomach
'.acks. and nothing does this bo thorough-
ly and safely as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets.
Dr. Richardson !n writing a thesis on
treatment of dyspepsia and indigestion,
closes his remarks by saying: "For those
pufl'erirg from acid dyspepsia, shown by
pour, watery risings, or for flatulent dys-
popsia Fhown by gas on stomach, causing
heart trouble and difficult breathing, as
well as for all oihor forms of stomach
trouble, the safest treatment is to take
cne or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
aft<»r each meal. I advise them because
they contain no harmful drugs, but are
composed of valuable digestives, which
act promptly upon the food eaten. I never
knew a ca«:e of indigestion or even chronic
dyspepsia which Stuart's Tablets would
not reach."
Cheap cathartic m«Ml!c!nes claiming to
cure dyspepsia, end Indigestion can have no
effect whatever in actively digesting the
food and to call any cathartic medicine a
cure for indigestion is a misnomer.
Every druggist in the I'nted States and
Canada sr-'As Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
and they are not only tha safest and most
fuccessful but the most scientific of any
treatment for indigestion and etomach
troubles.
6^ I^l B_P %&
Act like magic— strengthening the Mus-
cular System, restoring the loag-lost Com- J
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of S
Aprx'tite, and arousing with the Rosebud I
cf Health the whole physical energy of |
the human frame. One of th* best guar-
antees to the Nervous and Debilitated i?
¦. that Bcecham's Pills have the Largest !
S Sale of any Patent Medicinein the World, 5
and this has been achieved without the §
publication of testimonials. «
10 cents end 25 cents, at of! drug stores 1
anng.«i.w'..,i.^iurii.i w*«fc«M " ¦ itmynwasgßSgrnCTHsS
? ???»?»???? ?- ? ??????? ?¦»-+-»-?
: Palace and :
? Grand Hotels \
? For nearly a Quarter of a century the ?
? lraiinx hotels on the pAdfio CoaKt. •'
? With added imurovementi and con- <>
? vemerices they cortlnue to be th« head- i>
quarters for tourift* and travelers via- <>
itinc Ean Francisco. <?
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRTCK. ?
? Manager. -?
¦»-»-» ?????? ?-» ?-»-??»»?????»?¦?•
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAr.: T AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
t:O. Eur.irtn plan, lloom*. Ujc *o f 1 M day;
::. to li week: ;s to j:o month. Free baths: bot
ted cold water every room: lire crates in tvery
room: elevator ruci all night.
IA/. X. HESS.
rcTAay rcai-ic ak3 attjßney-at-law.
Tenth Kioor, Room 1013. Claus Fpreckels lilig.
Telephone Brown Ml.
ReeliJence, £21 California St.. below Powell,
•C&o Francisco.
¦. .¦ ,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
cre&t Uexli»c remedy; elves ixrajth and
ti.-tz.ttt to texual cicar.*. Depot. IZI Market.
VVINYEB RESORTS.
SPECIAL ROU:<D-TB!P TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLESSfa.
Most noted Mineral Fprlrgs in United SUte«.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism, Blood, Liver.
Kidney, ftomaeh and other disorders. Apply
FKANK W. EL.X. City Acent. 640 Market st.
smashing with either hand to the riba or
Etomach.
The seventh round was disastrous for
Dixon. Terry almost broke Dixon's ncse
in this round, after he had sent a right
hand smash which landed over Dlxon's
heart. Dixon staggered to his corner with
the blood spouting from his nasal organ.
Dixon came up as game as ever a man
did in the eighth round, which proved to
be the last. Early in this round Dlnon
slipped to the floor near the ropes from a
clinch, and McGovern earned the cheer**
of the spectators by helping him to his
feet. A few moments later Dixon stepped
on a wet spot in McGovern's corner nnd
Flipped to the floor for a second time. It
was seen that Dlx'on had almost shot his
bolt, and McGovern, rushing, put left and
right to the Jaw, flooring the champion.
Dixon took the greater part of the count
this time, and as he arose slow Terry,
who stood scarcely four feet away, was
ready to rush at him. Dlxon -went down
again from a body blow. He touched
the floor eight times in the round, the last
five times being the result of terrific body
punches.
A few seconds before the round would
have been completed Dixon stood up from
his eighth fall, but his manager and back
er, Tom O'Rourke, seeing that it was Im
possible for the negro to hold on to his
title, threw up the sponge within one sec
ond of the call of time which would have
ended the round. In this O"Rourke showed
good Judgment. Both he and Dlxon have
often said that the latter would never be
knocked out again.
When O'Rourke threw up the sponge
Dixon was practically helpless. While Mc-
Govern was hailed with vociferous cheers
as th« winner and was cheered again and
again as the champion, Dlxon, the ex
champion, was not forgotten. Round af
ter round of cheers wa.s given for the lad
who had defended the title so cleverly for
nearly nine years, as he left the ring
bleeding and beaten, after probably hav
ing fought his last ring contest.
When the contestants returned to their
dressing rooms Dlxon was badly marked,
but McGovern showed very little sign of
having come through a hard encounter.
The only marks that McGoven had were
scratches on the right side of his neck,
where Dlxon's left swings had gone
around, scratching the skin.
Dlxon felt his defeat very keenly and
had very little to say except that McGov
ern was the best man he had ever met
and that Terry in. his present condition
could have beaten any man that Dlxon
had ever defeated.
The betting before the fight was all in
McGovern"s favor. There were many
wagers made at 100 to 70, and so much Mc-
Govern money came into Fight at tho
ringside that these odds were extended to
100 to C 5. A local bookmaker stimulated
the Dlxon people by placing $3000 against
JKWO, he taking the Dixon end, and four
others clubbing together putting up the
$5000 on McGovern. Sam Harris, McGov
ern's manager, had a roll of bills as big
CRISIS REACHED
AT SAN DOMINGO
Machias Ordered There
by This Country.
?
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted. i:< 00. by James Gordon
Bennett.
SAN DOMINGO, Jan. 9.— lt is expected
that official action will be taken to-mor
row. Americans of this place have asked
the United States not to allow France to
dictate terms to the San Domingo Govern
ment. An American cruiser is expected
to arrive here to-day. One is reported to
have left Sanchez yesterday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— While the offi
cials here deprecate the state of affairs in
San Domingo, they have not found it
within their power to interfere at this
stage, at least, to prevent the collection
by the French naval officers of what 13
here understood to be a Just debt. The
Machias has been ordered from San Juan
de Puerto Rico to San Domingo. Her
purpose is solely to protect American in
terests. It is said at the State Depart
ment that no appeal has yet been made
looking to our intervention, and If it
Fhould be there is no doubt that we should
be obliged to decline until the debt is
settled.
KILLED BY CANNIBALS.
Loss of Fifteen Men of the Schooner
Nukumania.
LONDON, Jan. 9.— Mall advices from
New Britain report the massacre of the
cNptain and crew of fifteen men belonging
Ito the British schooner Nukumania of
South Wales while trading among the Ad
miralty Islands. Only three boys escaped.
The natives, after murdering the sailors,
! Inaugurated a feast ashore and ate their
: victims. - v. : tmSSS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE~TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premati-ro
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy lias a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nst-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cases. A reouest to ihe
State Medical Institute. 223 Elektron
building, Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you deplre one of their free trial nack
ages will be complied with promptly The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and tho rree
sample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. Tho
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample
carefuly sealed In a plain package, co
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers axe
i requested to write without delay.
as his hat, betting along the line, and he i
laid three wagers of $1000 to JGSO on his
man.
The preliminary bout was put on at 8:45
o'clock. Dan Dougherty of Philadelphia
and Al Levy of this city were the con
testants and they were announced to go
twelve rounds at 110 pounds. Dougherty
wan given the decision.
The technical account of the champion
ship fight by rounds follows:
FIRST ROUND.
Dlxon opened with a left swing for the
head. McGovern ducked and sent his
right over the kidneys. Dixon tried an
other left, and Terry blocked and drove
his right once more to the kidneys, forc
ing Dixon to the ropes. They broke away
to the center of the ring, where Dixon
swung his left to the breast. Terry crowd
ed in, pounding his right on the ribs. Dlx
on tried his left for the body, but Terry
stepped inside of it and sent his right
three times to the body. Dixon swung his
left to the jaw, and in a half-clinch Terry
worked left and right to the body and left
to the head. Dixon stepped back and sent
a straight left to the face, and they were
in a fast mix-up at the bell.
SECOND ROUND.
Dizon opened with a left swing for the
head, and Mac ducked neatly and .drove
George back with a left on the body.
Dixon planted a left swing high on trie
SCHWAN ENGAGES
THE INSURGENTS
?
Takes Several Filipino
Towns.
I ,
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, IJOO, by James Gordon
Bennett.
MANILA, Jan. 9.— After a long and tlre
fomo march from San Pedro Macate Gen
eral Schwan's brigade reached Muntlnlupa
on Friday evening. The enemy left a half
hour prior to the arrival of the Macabebe
scouts. They were then retreating to the
south. A cavalry scouting party was sent
southward and reported that the insur
gents were a short distance off. The in
surgents opened lire and the cavalry re
turned to camp, having had orders not to
engage the enemy.
General Schwan early on the morning of
January 6 divided his command, sending
two battalions of the Thirtieth Regiment
and the Forty-.«ixth Regiment, with a
wagon train, along the coast toward Bl
mang. The general himself proceeded
along with the Macabebe scouts and
Steele's battalion of the Thirtieth Regi
ment, Colonel Hayes' cavalry and three
mountain guns. He took the trail inland
toward Birnang. When a short distance
from the town the Macabebe scouts and
Hayes" fifty scouts encountered the en
rmy. The insurgents were soon routed".
Two Americans were wounded.
The enemy retreated across the moun
tain regions of Silam. Major Nolan's
squadron of the Eleventh Cavalry went
several miles to the westward, but failed
to develop anything. San Pedro Tunacan
was deserted and three gun carriages,
found in a cane field, were evidence that
the guns had been recently removed.
After our troops had reached a broad
rice field near Benan, the enemy was dis
covered calmly watching the advancing
troops. They then occupied a position
with the protection of a low stone wall
along a creek a quarter of a mile long.
.The Macabebe scouts deployed, followed
by Steele's battalion of the Thirtieth
Regiment. The enemy was In plain veiw.
A formation was effected and the Amer
icans were soon within range. When
at about 100 yards' distance the enemy
opened fire, killing Corporal Johnson of
Company E and wounding two men of
Company F of the Thirtieth Regiment.
The men were never before under fire,
but advanced cheering. The insurgents
retreated to town.
When our troops reached the outskirts
they observed the enemy down the road
in the plaza. Hayes' Fifth Cavalry scouts
charged and were received with only a
few shots. The enemy disappeared, "but
the presence of many amigos indicated
that they were resorting to their old tac
tics. Several natives who had discarded
their uniforms were found and arrested.
The natives here say that the insur
gents had six companies, of 500 men, un
der General Noriel. They occupied the
town yesterday and sent a wagon train
toward Sllln, or Carmono. When they
heard of General Schwan's advance they
left approximately 200 men as a rear
guard. ; ',/-
The Insurgents' loss to-day is unknown.
! Four bodies were found and also one
wounded man. Several rifles were cap
tured.
Colonel Bullard of the Thirty-ninth Reg
iment entered the town of Raiding three
days ago and drove out the insurgents.
The latter returned subsequently.
A scouting party to-night reported that
the enemy are two miles outside of the
Silin road. It is believed that the Ameri
can advance will be hotly contested.
FAST TORPEDO BOAT.
The Destroyer Goldsborough Develops
Thirty-Three Knots on Her Trial.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 9.— The torpedo
boat destroyer Goldsborough was given
another trial on the Columbia River to
day by the Wolff & Zwlcker Iron Works.
During a short run she developed a speed
close to thirty-three knots an hour.
head, but Terry crowded in, sending both
hands to the wind. George jarred Terry's
head with a straight left and fallowed
with a right jolt on the body. They mixed
it rapidly, and Dlxon almost put -Terry
through the ropes with a left on the face.
They came to the center, where George
again landed a hard left on the face. In
another mix-up Terry worked well to the
body, and after they broke away George
landed a left hand on the face, Mac reply
ing with a right on the body. ¦¦¦-_ -:'.
THIRD ROUND.
Dixon led his left for the head, but
Terry got inside of it and sent both hands
to the ribs and stomach. Dlxon hooked
his right to the ear, sending Terry away
from him. Both steadied them6elve3 and
Dixon drove his left straight to the face
and sent another on the same spot, after
which he staggered Mac with a right
swing on the jaw. Dixon played for the
same blow again, with Terry working on
the body. A straight left on the face ar./l
a right swing from George almost dropped
Mac to the floor, but Terry came back
with a rush and sent right and left to
the body, forcing Dixon to a clinch.
FOURTH ROUND.
Dlxon missed a left lead for the head
I and Terry drove his left to the body, fol-
DEADLY COMBAT
IN A COURTROOM
?
Three Men Killed and
Two Wounded.
VICKSBURG. Miss., Jan. 9.— Oak Ridge,
a little hamlet eighteen miles northeast
of this city, was the scene this morning
of a desperate pistol fight, in which three
of the best, known residents of the county
were killeil. The tragedy occurred in a
courtroom. The dead are:
A. D. ROLLAND.
R. S. STEPHENSON.
DR. OTHO AUSTIN.
Dr. James Austin, his son, Otho Austin,
"tmd his son-in-law. R. S. Stephenson, had
been arrested on an affidavit sworn out
by Rolland charging them with having
whipped one of Holland's negro tenants.
Just after the opening of their trial this
morning in Justice Griffin's court at Oak
Ridgo the shooting began, but who fired
the first shot is not known. When the
smoke of battle cleared away Rolland,
Stophenson and Otho Austin were
stretched on the floor dead and Dr. James
Austin and a young son of Rolland were
seriously wounded. ¦¦:¦:. -•>
SANTA BARBARA PIONEER
DIES IN THE PHILIPPINES
Mortimer Cook, Who Had Twice
Held the Position of Mayor,
Summoned by Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 9.— Word was
received here to-day from the Philippines
that Mortimer Cook, one of the pioneers
of this city, had died there on Novem
ber 22.
Mr. Cook's association with the early
history of Santa Barbara was close. lie
settled here in IS7I and established the
first banking house in the city. He was
twice Mayor of the city and as such wa.s
Instrumental in creating and pushing
many public Improvements. Leaving
hero in ISS6, he went north to Washing
ton, where he founded the town of Ce
dro and met with varied success. Finally
in August, IS9O, announcing that business
was too slow for him in Washington and
wanting to -set to the front, he started,
at the age of 73 years, to the Philippines.
He was taken ill on November 2 at the
Hotel Hollo with dysentery. Eor better
treatment he was removed to the hos
pital, where he had every, care, but as
the attending physician wrote, he was
death-struck from the first. His widow
survives him In Washington and two
daughters, both married, reside in Illi
nois—one In Chicago and the other in
Rockford.
FIGHTING PLAGUE
IN THE FAR EAST
Under Police Supervision, the City of
Tokio Is Being Thoroughly
•¦ /¦_•'. ).;'. Cleaned.
YOKOHAMA, Dec. 20.— Tokio presents
an extraordinary spectacle. Every house
and hovel within its hundred square miles
of area is being cleansed under police su
pervision, and the streets are piled with
rubbish heaps. Not only the mats but the
floors are removed and the accumulated
debris of years is being swept away. The
rats are having a hard time of It, not only
being thus driven from their haunts but
also having » bounty put upon their
heads. Fear of the plague is the cause
of all this energy.
Celebrate Golden Wedding.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Jan. 9.— Mr. and Mrs.
Peter Saling celebrated their golden Jubi
lee to-day. They were married near Jef
ferson City, Mo., fifty years ago. They
have been residents of California for
twenty-nine years, and of Yolo County
tax twanlv-Xour years.
lowing with a right hook on the ribs, i
Dixon tried again, but Terry side-stepped
and hooked his left to George's jaw.
Dixon came back, but Terry ducked aside |
and dodged the colored lad's swings and i
used both hands on the stomach at close j
quarters. ¦ After they broke Dixon hooked
his left to the neck and Terry drove right
and left to the body. After a clinch
Terry hooked his right to Dlxon's jaw
and George staggered away. Terry fol
lowed, forcing Dixon to the ropes, where
Dixon clinched and the referee had to
separate them. As they came together
Dixon landed a left swing on the neck as
the bell rang.
FIFTH ROUND.
Dixon opened with the usual left swing
for the head, but Terry blocked three of
them. Dixon tried again, swinging left on
the neck and Mac got to the body with
both hands. In a clinch George pulled
Terry toward him and Mac slipped to his
knee's, but was up Instantly. Dixon led
a left to the shoulder and Terry countered
with right and left on the body. Dlxon
swung a left to the neck, but Terry drove
both hands to the body and they clinched.
Both returned to their corners smiling.
SIXTH ROUND.
Dlxon started as usual with a left swing
Ifor the head, but Mac blocked It. Dixon
sent his left to the neck and Terry put
TENNESSEE MOB
LYNCHES NEGROES
Double Murder Quickly
Avenged.
RIPLET, Tonn., Jan. 9.— The slaying of
two peace officers here this morning- was
followed to-night, It is reported, by the
lynching of two negroes.
Marvin Durham and W. D. Turner, offi
cers of the peace, were this morning shot
to death by two negroes while In the dis
charge of their duty. Turner and Dur
ham had arrested a negro named Gingery
and were taking him to the Ripley .mil
when they were overtaken by two broth
ers of the prisoner, who, without warning,
lired from the rear, shooting both ofticers
in the back of the head, killing them in
stantly.
When the news of the tragedy reached
here it created great excitement and
many business people closad their shop.;
in order to join In ihe chase of tne mur
derers. Hounds were brought forth and
used In the chase.
At midnight it is reported that two
negroes have been captured and lynched.
They were swung to trees on the roadside
at 9:30 to-night. One of the dead men is
the prisoner who was being escorted to
jail when the officers were shot by his
brothers. The searching parties are still
out hunting for other participants in the
crime.
It Is reported that many negroes in the
neighborhood are arming themselves.
Negroes are being run off the streets to
nignt and are warned to remain quiet. A
negro was assaulted at 8 o'clock by a
white man and perhaps fatally injured.
Every Incoming train has brought large
numbers of men, who have joined in the
pursuit of other negroes. ¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I I What a Little Faith Did I
: FOR MRS. ROCKWELL. *
, [LETTE* TO MRS. riNKHAIi KO. 69,884]
I "I was a great sufferer from female
I weakness and had no strength. It was
' impossible for me to attend to my
. household duties. I had tried every-
> thing and many doctors, but found no
I relief.
• vx.VMy sister advised me to try Lydia
I E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
which I did; before using all of one
bottle I felt better. I kept on with it
and to my great surprise I am cured.
' All who suffer from female complaints
should give it a trial." — Mks. Rock-
> well, 1209 S. Drvisiox St., Gra>*d
Rapids, Mich.
From a Grateful Jfewark Woman.
, " When I wrote to you I was very
1 sick, had not been well for two years.
• The doctors did not seem to help me,
] and one said I could not live three
months. I had womb trouble, falling,
I ulcers, kidney and bladder trouble.
There seemed to be 6uch a drawing
, and burning pain in my bowels that 1
could not rest anywhere. After using
Lydia E. Pinkhanrs Vegetable Com-
pound and Sanative Wash and follow-
ing your advice, I feel well again and
• stronger than ever. My bowels feel as il
; they had been made over new. With
• many thanks for your help, I remain,
L. G. , 71 A>tt St. , Newark, N. J. "
3For Racing Chart See Fifth Page.
XV. B. Sink Jr. registered a complaint |
with Secretary Green, claiming that he
thinks horses entered in race* by him are
unjustly treated by Starter Caldwell.
Rio Chlco was left, and then the horse's
entry was 'refused, on the ground that he.
Interstate Coursing Club and Ingle
side Club Name the Men Who
Will Direct Sport Here.
The annual elections of tho Interstate
Coursing Club and of Ingleslde Coursing
Club were held last night. For the Inter-
Ftate Club offices there was no opposition
the regular ticket being elected by accla
mation. The new board of officers is as
follows: President, Robert K. Malcom;
flr^t vice president. R. E. de B. Lopez;
tecond vice president. J. H. Pcrlgo; treas
urer, S. W. Smith: secretary. R. L. Tay
lor; executive committee. J. H. Halton,
Charles C Griswold, A. L. Austin, J. R.
Uif-kson and J. H. Harrison.
The regular ticket, headed by Domlnlck
Bhannon, proved the successful one In the
Ingleslde Club. The complete list of of
ficers follows: President, D. Shannon;
first vioe president. Frank Kenney; second
vice president, William Sweeney; secre
tary. Thomas J. McHugh; treasurer,
William Halpln; executive committee,
Charles Morris (chairman). Frank Kcq
ney, J. Connell. William Sweeney and T.
J. McHugh.
The regular midweek stake will be run
off at Union Coursing Park to-day. Fifty-
Bix dogs are entered and some even
courses should result.
Six and a half furlongs-George H. Ketcham
Time I^3 >econd - CdoneJ Cassidy third.
Selling. *ix furlcnca— Diana Fonso won. Ca
loocan second. Troubollne third. Time, 1W
Sellinc. one and a sixteenth miles— Ulue LJck
won. Trebor second, Forbush third. Time. l:iO.
Handicap, seven furlongs— San Durango won.
Struneest recond. Alex third. Times. 1:30.
Selllns, one mile and seventy yards— Falre
Lead won. Dright Night second. Jim Hogg
third. Time. 1:50.
Judge Bahrs Will Preside.
At a meeting of the Judges of the Su
perior Court held Monday Judge Bahrs
of Department 3 was appointed presiding
Judge. The names of 2400 trial Jurors and
14 1 grand jurors were ordered drawn
from the box to fill tne panel for the
ensuing year. Joseph A. Becsey. V. De
martini, R. M. Agulrre, Lewis Locke and
A. Glover were appointed official inter
preters. .'¦ ":'-< /'j
MUDLARKS EARN BRACKETS
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 9.-A steady
drizzle made the track muddy to-day and
under the changed conditions Blue Lick
was the only winning favorite. Prince
Oran go broke down and probably has
faced the starter for the last time. Re-
In the natural course of events Major
Cowles of the Seventeenth Infantry took
command of the post yesterday. He is
the next In rank there. It is not prob
able that he will retain the place long,
however, or he will have to be relieved of
the command of the casual detachment,
as it is more than one man's work to
care for the post, as well as the casuals.
There seems to be no definite idea as
to who will come to tne Presidio
In place of Colonel Freeman, and the
rumors of commanders run from majors
to brigadier generals and into all arms of
the service. The story of Major Rucker's
coming, as published in yesterday's Call,
Is the most prominent of the rumors, but
It is now said that Major Rucker cannot
make the transfer to the Sixth Cavalry
because of objections from the War De
partment and that, therefore, he will re
main on sick leave.
Major Charles E. Kilbourne, paymaster,
has been assigned to duty in this depart
ment.
Corporal Harrison R. Hall of Company
F of the Forty-ninth Infantry waa tried
by court-martial some time ago for strik
ing a comrade with a deadly weapon so
as to cause his death. He was sentenced
to be dishonorably discharged, forfeiting
all pay and allowances and to be confined
at hard labor for ten years. Since his
conviction, however, new evidence has
been brought forward tending to show
that he acted in self-defense, and upon
this the sentence has been disapproved by
the department commander and Hall has
been restored to duty.
Private Edward Dussard of the Hospital
Corps, having been found guilty of ab
sence without leave for eleven months
ha? been sentenced to be confined at hard
labor for four months and to forfeit $10
per month of his pay for that period.
was a bad actor. Yesterday Isaline,
which was heavily backed, was given no
consideration at the post whatever, being
as good as left.
The weights for the San Bruno stakes.
a mile handicap, to be run Thursday.
January 11, are as follows: Yellow-tail
122 pounds. Advance Guard 117, Anjou 115
Bathos 113, Bee Bee 112. Alice Dougherty
110, Erwin 110, Silver Fizz 110. Decoy 10J,
Tho Lady 109, Wallensteln 100, Essence
110, Ella Boland 109, F. XV. Brode 10S Tar
Hill 107, Dlomed 107, Thomas Carey 104.
Mortgage 104, Limerick 102. Sunello 100.
May Gertrude 100, Bogus Bill 100. Hindoo
Princess 100, Constellator 97, Foul Play
95, Rcdwald 95, Nance O'Xeil 92. Ziska 90,
Mandamus 90, William F 90, Sam Dannen
baum 90. Acceptances due usual time to
day.
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Six furlongrs; selling'; threa-year
olds and upward:
Indx. Name. Wt. Indx. Nam? Wt
697 Ciprlano 107 6S« Wild Het 105
679 Charles Le 8e1..107 67S Ponjjo no
453 P F 107 668 St. Agnes 95
678 St. Isldor 10? <S7 Uncle True 107
6SB Miss Soak l«l 697 The Offering 105
698 March Seven 95i
Second race—Mile and a quarter: hurdle;
handicap:
690 Una C010rad0...123, 530 Rossmor* .... i&»
£90 Monlta i:>s CX»R!o Chlco 117
690 Lomo 12T> IM University IZO
483 J O C U7| 600 Watossa m>
600 Sardonic 127, 550 Granger l&i
Third race —One mile; three-year-olda and
upward; eelllns:' *
(570)Facado 102 534 Allenna S3
<sS2)Whlte Fern 100 iZO Silver Tall S3
658 Merry Boy ,109 682 Ping: 103
682 Racivan 102! (597) Nance 0'Ne11.... 90
558 Raptdo 1061 692 Faversham 109
689 Meadowthorpe ..112! 46S Espionage 102
Fourth race —Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; aelllnc:
469 Zurich 1071 496 Croker 107
697 Dk. of York 11.107| 573 San Augustine 107
666 Grand Sachem.. 107 1 (602) Del Paso II 'no
697 Sugden WT ... Mel. Burnham"lQ7
... Remus 100| ... Antler 97
Fifth race—Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; handicap:
f.96 St. Cuthbm 107; 522 Mnntallada S2
(oSUIjOVIng Cup 1081 554 Aluminum """ 9*
(577)Timemaker no;(o7l)Sardlne .. """""iqq
624 Imp. Mistral 11.10S 1 •••...iw»
Sixth race—Six furlongs: three-y»ar-olda an*
upward: wlllne: JU
485 Drutdeas S3; 6SS Terrene 104
55« Libertine 112| SSI Juva .... """* 104
R96 Gllssando 94( 6SS Hunch in«
579 Ricardo 109 586 Oelecta iv
Selections for o-Doy.
First race—Miss Snak, Ciprtano. The Offering.
Second race—Ross more. Granger. University!
Third race—Ping, Espionage, Merry Boy.
Fourth i-acs-Del Paso, Sugden, Grand
Sachem.
Fifth race—Sardine. Timemaker. Loving Cup.
Sixth race—Clarando. Llbertlna. Juva.
the officers and the men of the post, fjr
he has gained the esteem of those above
and below him.
The order assigning Colonel Freeman to
the Tartar will be issued to-day just be
fore the vessel sails. It was not deemed
advisable to issue it until the last mo
ment, although Colonel Freeman has
known since Monday last that it was
more than probable he would leave on
that transport and made his preparations
accordingly. Last Monday he received a
personal letter from General Shafter com
plimenting him upon the zeal and ability
with which he had executed the duties of
his command, even when he had under
him over 12,000 men, the command of a
major general, and expressing the hope
that he would safely endure the campaign
in the Islands and return with the recopn - l
tion he ripperven 1 -
Mayor a matter of four or five minutes
to send him back to the board room with
a smile that registered ten degrees and
more above Barbat' s. Half an hour later,
after the new board had demanded pos
session of the office, Mayor Phelan moved
that the old board go out without pro
test. Barbat looked at Dr. Coffey. who
had opened the projected contest, and to
the surprise of both Coffey and Lawlor
eeconded the Mayor's motion. When it
came to a vote Coffey saw Payne waver
ing and Jumped on him with both feet,
but after a bad five minutes Payne went
over to the Mayor and the meeting was
out.
After the session was adjourned Coffey,
Lawlor and Secretary Carroll could not
give expression to their feelings. They
upbraided the deserters and demanded
explanations, which were not forthcom
ing. Yesterday, according to the princi-
Fals. a sufficient reason for their unlooked
or action was found. It was Eald that
when Barbat grot to talking with the
Mayor he was reminded that one of tho
members of the new board would go out
of office and a successor would be ap
pointed for a four-year term at the end
of the year, and it was suggested to him
that no better man probably than him
self could be found to serve the city in
the vacancy. It was also held out that a
four-year term after the wait of a year
would be much more to his advantage
than a contest against the charter, which
would tend to bring him in discredit with
the public. It was shortly after this that
he reappeared in the outer room and
Colonel Sullivan changed his mind about
the ambulance.
The Mayor swung on Dr. Payne with a
letter from the doctor's father-in-law,
John I. Sabln, president of the telephone
company. Dr. Payne was a candidate for
appointment to the new board, and dur
ing his tight got his father-in-law to
write to the Mayor. Sabin dictated a let
ter in which wore set forth the doctor's
aspirations and the assurance that
whether the Mayor should appoint him or
not Mr. Sabin would not permit him to
take any part in the proposed contest
against the charter. It was the Mayor's
Intention to read that letter in the open
board, but Payne finally prevailed upon
him not to do so. and after receiving the
assurance that he also would make in
excellent successor to some one or other
on the new beard the doctor worked up
a smile and went back to help Barbat.
Drs. Coffey and I^awlor and Secretary
Carroll found these things out yesterday,
a-8 did several others on the inside, and
for some minutes the eorriior resounded
with a broken conversation that would
not look well in type.
?
INHERITANCE TAX WILL
BENEFIT THE TEACHERS
A statement showing the amount of tax
MERMAID LIBELED.
Owners of a Bark Sued for Payment
of a Freight and Passage
Contract.
Samuel Barber filed a suit yesterday In
the United States District Court against
Edward H. Sheldon and others to recovtr
$2590 GO alleged to be due on a freight and
passage contract for a voyage from Dutch
Harbor, Alaska, to San Francisco.
The complaint recites that the bark
Mermaid put into Dutch Harbor on No
vember 1 of the past year with a cargo of
whalebone and oil valued at $1S.0;a). Sh«
was there abandoned as unseaworthy and
her cargo was transferred to the* ?tear?.er
Alpha under written contract to deliver
the cargo in San Francisco at the rate o?
$9 per ton and 10 per cent insurance. Of
the sum sued for jll.'V) waa for tho boar!
and passage of the Mermaid's crew at $50
each.
CIVIL SERVICE.
Computers, Draftsmen and Aids
Wanted for the Treasury and
Other Departments.
Civil service examinations will be held
In this city on February 6 and 7 for tho
following positions: Computer, supervis
ing architect's office. Treasury Depart
ment, age limit 20 years or over: drafts
man. Geological Survey, age limit the
same; aid for the Coast and Geodetic Sur
rey, age limit 1* to 25. From the eliglbles
resulting from the latter examination cer
tification will be made to the position o*
aid in the office of the Cnited States
Coast and Geodetic Survey at a salary of
$72i • per annum.
Persons who desire to compete shouM
at once apply to the I'nitod States Civil
Service Commission. Washington, J». C.
for application forms 3ut and 373. vh'ch
should be properly executed and promptly
tiled with the commission.
Full particulars as to the scope of tho
examination may be obtained at room 3,
main Postoffice. Washington street.
on collateral Inheritance paid In to ..the
State, treasury for the term ending De
cember 4, 1K99, was received yesterday
from State Controller Colgan by Auditor
Wells, and as soon as his clerks have cal
culated the city's apportionment of the
$311,763 95. steps will be taken to pay the
two months' salaries for November and
December of isrs, which are due to the
school teachers.
About $70,000 in round numbers will be
applied to the school fund and Auditor
Wells has concluded that the teachers' de
mands take precedence over- all others.
As published pome time ago In The Call,
the Auditor takes the ground that the,
moneys collected for inheritance tax be
longed to the city on the day that the per
sons owing the estates died and therefore
the moneys may be applied to the bills in
curred in past years.
The Stanford inheritance tax, which
amounts to nearly $230,000 of the total
amount collected, may be applied to the
demands of the year in which Senator
Stanford died. Auditor Wells contends
that no claims take precedence of the
teachers' salaries for November and De
cember, 1898, and therefore it is quite cer
tain that the teachers will be made happy
by receiving at least a portion of the
moneys due them. As other inheritance
taxes are paid in to the State the moneys
will be applied to paying off the remainder
of those obligations.
Following Is the statement showing the
amount paid ;In by each county: From
Alameda County, J2954 89; Calaveras
County, $3S; Colusa County. $589 09; El
Dorado County, $378 S9; Humboldt County,
$275 94; Los Anpeles County, $1207 82;
Marin County. $272 22; Nevada County.
$.539 r»3; Placer County, $2>'>3 RS; Sacramento
County. $313 r,O; San Diego County, $121 fis;
San Joaquin County. JC92 87; San Luis
Obispo County, $122 78; Santa Barbara
County, $2391 56; Santa Clara County,
$200 35; Solano County, $117 49; Sonoma
County, $1499 79; Stanislaus County,
$13,296 71; Sutter County, $342 05; Yolo
County, $555: city and county of San Fran
cisco, $255.524 91; Alameda County, paid
October. 1899. $4720 f>o.
The total amount of tax collected, less
amounts refunded, appraisers' fees and
Treasurer's commissions, is $311,763 S3.
NEW CITY HALL TO BE
MADE CLEAN AS WAX
The Board of Public Works took active
steps at its meeting yesterday in the mat
ter of cleaning the new City Hall, which
has been in a filthy condition for several
months past owing to the disinclination on
the part of the janitors to perform the
duties for which they were employed and
paid by the City. Mat Smith was deposed
from nia position as head Janitor and
William F. Sawyer was elected to fill the
vacancy. In nominating Sawyer Commis
sioner Manson referred to the present dis
graceful condition of the corridors and
offices In the City Hall and spoke of the
necessity of employing- a competent man
to see that it was kept as clean as some
of the model office buildings in the down
town districts. The new head janitor was
allowed eight of the old force of assistant
Janitors and was instructed to begin the
work of cleaning the hall at once.
Chief Engineer Grunsky was authorized
to collect the same fees on street work
surveys which formerly prevailed during
the City Surveyor's regime. New fees will
be established at to-day's meeting for lot
Tax Collector Sheehan sent a communi
cation describing the damage done in his
office during the unpleasantness last Mon
day. No action was taken, as the board
will get the opinion of City Attorney Lane
regarding the responsibility for the dam
age.
At the board's first meeting it got one
troublesome matter off its hands by dele
gating to Andrew Donovan who was ap
pointed Superintendent or Streets, the
authority to employ all of the temporary
employes connected with his department.
The board has given the matter into the
hands of Mr. Donovan completely, and It
la likely that for some days to come he
will be kept almost as busy as the Civil
Service Commission.
MANY FIREMEN ARE
TO BE DISCHARGED
The new Board of Fire Commissioners
was busy all day yesterday going through
the personnel of the department. The ob
ject is to pick out 150 names for dismissal,
in accordance with the provisions of the
charter, which reduces the working staff
by that number. It was decided to hold
the regular meeting every Thursday
morning at 9 o'clock.
balances remaining in . cc ' w >* Verier-it f,, n( j
funds in number 37 of article «.
The one-twelfth act. whit-h heretofore
exerted a well denned choc k onthe ex
penditnre of moneys for e^'* ,™°" l\' '*
nullified by the last dati?o in *»»«• stction
enumerated. In this manner *$**** a ™
bills of all klnr-s must t>- P»M £&, /'V
Auditor until the money Is /?" a " w' i
Figures of past years show .that th< re w ll
he no m.-ney left by th*» md of April, ami,
as a consequence, clerks will probnb j go
without salaries and merrh.ints without
pay for the balance of the fiscal year.
CIVIL SERVICE BOARD
APPOINTS A SECRETARY
The rivil Service Comm!?sionor3 yester
day announced the appointment of Ktl
ward F. .Moran as pecrctary of the com
mission. Alopg with thirty-four appli
can*r. Mr. Moran underwent competitive
examination. lie and two of his competi
tors comprised the three highest in tnr»
competition. Mr. Moran was appointed on
probation to serve fur s:x months. If llw
servire of half a year demonstrates his
ability and penernl titneps for the office
the Commissioners may elect him secre
tary for the full term. Mr. Moran is a
well-known ami capable newspaper man
of the Examiner staff.
The registering o£ applicants for posi
tions was resumed yesterday morning at
the office in the City Hall, and the Ion?
line of willing workers had not sensibly
diminished when th» office closed. At 4
o'clock there were 11:00 names liste.l for la
borers and an e<;un-l number for clerks ana
skilled laborers.
RECORDER GODCHAUX
ASKS FOR MORE CLERKS
Recorder Godchaux yesterday sent a
communication to the Board of Super
visors, stating that with the staff ailowad
him by the charter it will be impossible
satisfactorily to conduct the business of
his office. Godchaux urges that he be
granted authority by the board to employ
two janitors, who will be under his con
trol and not subject to tho head janitor
of the City Hall. He al.«o asks for a mort
gage clerk and two index clerks.
OU3 cases, the same as other cases, by
order of Captain Seymour, and the ar
resting officers had to be present In court
to testify and to swear to the complaint
in each case.
Captain Seymour announced yesterday
that no more "O. R.s" would be recog
nized at the City Prison or any of the
police stations, as the charter specifically
says that defendants must put up cash
or bonds for their releases. There is
nothing, he contends, in the charter giv
ing Judges power to release a prisoner on
his or her own recognizance. He was
backed up in his contention by District
Attorney Byington. The Police Judges have
not officially discussed the question yet,
but will probably do so to-day, when they
will meet to draw lots for the long and
short terms. Two of them say Captain
Seymour is wrong and they hint that If
their orders of release are not recognized
by the City Prison officials the captain
may find himself in contempt of court.
SUPERVISORS' COMMITTEES
BEGIN ACTIVE WORK
The Printing Committee of the Board of
Supervisors held Its first meeting yester
day morning, with Chairman James Booth
and Supervisor John Connor present.
Requisitions for stationery and printing
were received from four offices and Chief
Deputy Assessor Ginty, Deputy Tax Col
lector J. XV. McCabe, Recorder Godchaux
and Deputy County Clerk Goddard ad
dressed the committee In regard to the
urgent need for supplies of all descrip
tions. As all stationery and printing un
der the charter must be furnished by con
tract, the officials were directed 'to make
separate lists of the two Items, so that
bids may be. invited. There Is now about
$6000 available for the purpose and the
articles called for will cost at least $1000.
In the afternoon the Joint committee,
consisting of the members of the Finance
and Judiciary Committee appointed at the
last meeting to investigate the needs of
the office in the matter of clerk hire, met
In executive session. A list of the present
employes was canvassed, but the decision
arrived at will not be made public until
the next meeting of the board.
m
NEW PRECINCT PLAN
TO BE INTRODUCED
The first serious work of the Board of
Election Commissioners will be the re
precJnctlng of the city. According to th*
charter a precinct system must bo estab
lished which will have an approximately
equal number of voters In the sev-eral
precincts.
Some members of the new commission
announced yesterday that they would
soon meet to perform this duty. It was
seen that in some precincts there were as
few as fifty voters, in others as many as
300. On the water front the voting popu
lation has become thinner, while in the
Western Addition It has increased with
great rapidity.
To fit the new conditions an entirely new
system and plan will be prepared. The
Election Commissioners are vested with
an unrestricted authority and right to
settle this mat>er and before many weeks
several schemes of preclncting will be
advanced.
GRAND JURY ASKED TO
BRING TWO INDICTMENTS
Former Chief Deputy Tax Collector
Hagan has brought the cases of James
Wiseman and Hiram. Goldstein to the at
tention of the new Grand Jury and re
quests that they.be indicted for perjury.
A few days ago Wiseman and Goldstein
made affidavit to the effect that Sheehan
and Hagan had filed, fraudulent salary de
mands in the name of Ben Chapman. It
was alleged that Sheehan and Hagan had
cashed a salary demand in the name of
Chapman in April, while, in fact. Chap
man did not become an employe until De
cember last.
Hagan claims that the charges are falsa
and says that they were brought with the
intention of besmirching the reputation of
Sheehan and himself by Goldstein and
Wiseman, who are discharged employes.
OFFICIALS SPEND THEIR SECOND DAY UNDER CHARTER RULE
IN REGULATING THE NEWLY STARTED MUNICIPAL MACHINERY
The health ofllcers of Denver, Colo.,
started out to have all the weeds in the
public streets and vacant lots cut down.
Track Notes
COURSING MEN ELECT
THEIR NEW OFFICERS
$1.50
For a
Fitting
Truss
We say fitting truss,
for that is the only kind
we sell.
Our truss fitter knows
how to fit a truss and he
knows it so well he can
fit any form.
Our trusses are the
best you' can buy; our
fit is perfect and our guar-
antee goes with every one
we sell.
No fit ; no pay.
We have private rooms
for fitting — men and
women attendants.
JpW\*~ 1128 MARKET ST
10th and BROADWAY. Oakland
Picked Nines Engage fn a
Great Indoor Con
test.
Only six innings of indoor baseball were
played last night at the Olympic Club,
but In that period more noise was made
than is generally heard in a boiler foun
dry. The game was arranged by Man
ager A. S. Stone, who. In a moment of
weakness, consented to act as umpire.
Before the first Inning was half over he
wished he hadn't, but, like a plucky man,
he stayed with the game.
The contest was between two pick
nines, from which a team will be chosen
to represent the club In the tournament
which opens next month. Fred Butz act
ed as captain for the "Howlers" and W.
M. Cartwright acted in the same capac
ity for the "Kickers." Both took advan
tage of their exalted positions to shine
in the pitcher's box and also lead the
heated discussions on disputed plays.
The spectators were treated to fun and
some excellent playing.
At the close of the sixth inning the
score was tied with 17 runs for each side,
and the captains consented to call the
game a draw. Throughout the contest
the play was fast and mil of excitement.
The players worked like beavers. Cap
tain Jones. In his effort to put out Fred
Butz at the plate, was thrown off his
feet and had to retire from the contest.
Following is the line-up of the teams
and the number of runs scored by each
man:
"Kickers"— Runs.
W. H. Cartwrißht. pitcher 2
Charles Derham. shortstop 1
George James, catcher l
C. 8. Pray, right field 4
W. Haley, second base 3
K. Stark, third base 2
P. J. Kiseman, first base 2
John Tate. left field 2
Total n
"Howlers"— Runs.
Fred rsutr., pitcher.; 2
Will Hanrihan. third base 1
Jack Gleason, lpft field 1
J. Valosplnl, right short 3
Mr. Cosgrove, shortstop 2
Will Leonard, catcher *** 9
I). A. Carroll, riprht field ' ¦>
R. K. Tray, first base %
\V. F. Holton, second base 2
Total
Farnham Still Gaining.
The labor of counting the ballots of the
Twenty-eighth District and two preclnts
of the Twenty-ninth District in the Farn
ham-Boland contest was completed before
Judge Seawell yesterday. During the day
Farnham gained twelve votes, making a
total gain to date of thirty votes.
Neglected Their Wives.
Decrees of divorce on the ground of
willful neglect have been granted Ella
Croft from Charles Croft and Grace M
1 Wagner from Daniel Wagner.
OLINTHUS
SEEMED TO
HAVE SCORED
Corrigan's St. Casimir Given
the Decision Over the
Outsider.
From every point of vantage within
close proximity to the wire, and from the
press stand, which affords an unobstruct
ed view. It looked as If Olinthus won the
last race at Tanforan yesterday by a
head, but the Judges saw differently, giv
ing It to Corrigan's St. Caslmir. The
scratching blank had shortened the field
to three horses. Frank Bell ruled a
1 to 2 favorite, with the educated
and fashionable money going In on the
Corrlgan entry, cutting his odds from 5
to 2 to 9 to 6. Bell was apparently short,
for a furlong from home, with St. Casimlr
at his side, he looked badly distressed.
About this time T. Walsh on Olintbua
came fast next the rail and in a furious
drive appeared to have beaten the Cont
gan horse. When the numbers were
Hashed St. Caslmir was placed first.
Frank Bell second and Olfnthua third.
Later thts order was changed, Olinthus
exchanging places with Bell.
Very little had been done with the track,
which was Blow and apparently dead. Fa
vorites took three purses.
Corrigan's Geyser defeated Bannockburn
in the seven-furlong run after the latter
had been given fully four lengths the
worst of the start. Geyser stumbled on
the backstretch. himself enjoying none too
pleasant a trip. Spencer, however, rode
him in magnificent fashion, beating out
Schreiber's horse half a length.
After the public had become thoroughly
disgusted with Braw Lass, the mare went
out and won the opening sprint at ortds
of 6 and 7 to 1. Spencer had the mount,
and after Bhowing first most of the dis
tance downed the favorite. First Shot, a
nose. Miss Soak, a 15 to 1 shot run into
the show. Isaline, the second choice,
never had a chance after the start.
The cheap mile selling run which fol
lowed was only a gallop for Toribio,
backed from threes to 9 to 6 favoritism.
The entire bunch starting were a rapg-'d,
hungry looking set of skates, and Rixford
staggered in second, a head before dilap
idated old Dolore.
"Long Shot" Conley landed the third
purse with Tirade, which horse closed a
slight favorite over Sardonic. Conley and
his mount were bumped around the first
turn by Ballsta, and the colored rider laid
away in third place to the stretch. Here
he moved up, and In a drive downed Sar
donic half a length. Whaleback showed
considerable speed, finishing a close third.
Midian was played for a good thing to
won the fifth event, at a mile, but after
leading to the: stretch he blew up. Del
Paso, the second choice, then won clevetly
from Tom Cromwell, a 10 to 1 shot.
FLYCASTERS
OPEN THEIR
NEW SEASON
They Prepare for Sport on
Stow Lake With Rod
and Reel.
The first mooting of the members of San
Francisco Flycasting Club for this year
was held last night and, as is customary,
assumed the form of a duck dinner, the
ducks being the gift of Charming Mans
field and some of his Napa friends. Tho
attendance was unusually large, and a
marked feature was the enthusiasm dis
played by the members in all matters
pertaining to the club. It was taken to
Indicate that the season to come will see
more interest shown in the sport and a
higher development in the gentle art.
The members and their guests were en
tertained last night by Ben Tarbox,
Frank W. Thompson, Charles Ma,yer Jr.,
a zither soloist who was encored repeat
edly for his masterly handling of the
quaint old German instrument, John Siebe
Jr., Fred Surryhne and others. Fish
Commissioner Alexander Vogelsang told
of his travels in the East. He suffered
from the wintry blasts and congratulated
his auditors upon their residence in this
State, saying "there is not a square mile
east of Sierra Nevada Mountains worth
a square foot of California.'
A string orchestra discoursed popular
selections during the evening, and there
were ringing choruses by those in at
tendance. The •members and guests pres-
N. C. Allen, E. T. Allen, H. Battu. John
Butler, Louis Butler, J. P. Babcock, John
Lawrence, XV. A. Cooper, li. G. W. Din
kelspiel, F. E. Doverkosen, J. 11. de Witt,
Edward Everett, Clark Wise, A. R.
Finch, E. XV. Watson, H. C. Golcher, E.
H. Horton, C. W. Hibbard, Judge John
Hunt, S. A. Heller, Charles Huyck. Wil
liam Conrad, R. Isenbruck,. William
Ross, F. S. Johnson, F. B. Surryhne,
Charles Klein. William Keliehor, Frank
"Monogram" Thompson, 11. J. C. Kic
rulfC Ben Tarbox, Charles Mayer, A. T.
Vogelsang, A. K. Lovett, "W. D. Mans
field. H. F. Miller, W. A. L. Miller, A.
Muller, J. 11. Lowe, E. A. Mocker, Frank
P. McLennon. J. Peltier. S. Rosenheim,
G. F. Klink, F. 11. Reid, J. O. Sanborn,
Orrin Peck, C. F. Stone, 11. E. Skinner,
J. A. Sanborn, Alfred Sutro, J. F. Siebe,
J. S. Turner, C. W. Walker, H. C. Wy
man, Q. XV. Walker, C. Q. Solomon, Bos
well Kenniff, James Watt, Roland Ken
niff, C. G. Young, C. C. Stratton, Al Hall.'
LIVELY BALL
PLAYED BY
OLYMPIANS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KIDNEY,
BLADDER AND
SPECIAL DISEASES OF
MEN CURED BY
DR. MEYERS & CO.
PATIENTS MAY DEPOSIT THK
price of a cure In any San Francisco
bank, to be paid only after they ar» well,
or may ray In monthly installments.
Prices reasonable. No other doctors will !
mako such an offer.
No Incurable Cases Taken at>Any Price.
FREE CONSULTATION.
DR. MEYERS & C'J. are the only
specialists on the Pacific Coast who !
cure diseases and weakness of men
exclusively. :
DR. METERS & CO. conduct ths larg-
est and best equipped medical institution
ar.d have the most extensive cractico In
the world. They avoid the use of ait
mineral, poisonous or danserous drujjs
and electric twit?. All their remedies are
carefully comr>ounded in their private
laboratory, without cost to their patients.
HOME CI/BES-F/lEE BOOK.
Thousands of men ara cured at home >
every year. If you cannot visit Pan Fran-
cisco, -write for free private book, advice,
question list, etc. AH correspondence ,
confidential. N'n printinc on envelopes or •
-packages to Indicate name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
73/ MARKET ST.. 3. F.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO TrJIKD R-CO3. '
HOURS— PaIIy. 8 tf> 5. Evenings.
7 to 8. Sundays, 0 to 11.
Avisrr DR- JORDAN'S orcatJ
Museum of amoMY^
i Cft lcsmßnTST.tot-ea&ra. area. A
\ fdt^ The Larsje« Anatomical Miueum in the \
fM disease pe«»»lw«ly rarH ny :h» old&tt T
9 fSSI Specialist cm iho Couc h.t. jby^i* Q
£ j5^?J M. J3S DAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
a i J&«H Tr * >ITTi e : i< personal.y rr bj- letter. A A
X O y "1 « iV».tr»« Curi in every ease undertaken. T
* J II xtaniAfiE, Mui.sc frßas. uf
<5 & Li *aluabte book t r mri;
7 JMt. JORDAN .tl'tt. 10,= ! MurtcptScs P r
Hirr nnUJll Corner Fourth and
IiFF RnYfl P^-^B^
UHI L UU IHL g.—orfiS^Si
Valises checked it**.
@ JPATENTsf TJ
MARKET 'sif. SfStarS?
COLONEL FREEMAN TO
LEAVE ON THE TARTAR
MAJOR COVTLES NOW IN COM
MAND AT THE PRESIDIO.
The transport Tartar, to sail to-< Jay, will
take Colonel IL B. Freeman of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry as one of her
passengers. He will be In command of
the detachment of troops on board dur
ing the voyage and upon his arrival he
will Join his regiment on the firing line
at once. The departure of Colonel Free
man for the Philippines has occasioned
the expression of many regrets, both from
DRS. PAYNE AND
BARBAT TALKED
WITH THE MAYOR
Coffey and Lawlor Know
Now Why There Was
No Contest.
Health Officer Lawlor and Dr. W. B.
Coffer of the old Board of Health have
discovered why Drs. Barbat and Payne
fell down on Monday and gave over their
offices without contest to the charter
board. If reports be true, and there Is
every evidence in their support, it waa a
cas-e of Phelan with Barbat and a case of
father-in-law and Phtlan with Payne.
LJarbat is the family physician of Dan
M. Burns and was appointed to the Board
of Health by Governor Ga.ge at Burns' in
stance. When two weeks ago the colonel
ordered the board to prepare to contest
that section of the charter which took
local health regulations out of the Juris
diction of the *sta.te and placed them un
der that of the city. Barbat was first to
sound the slogan a.nd neglected his medi
cal practice in order to make the light a
warm one. Toward the last he fairly
bristled with points of law and bubbled
•with determination to hold on to the
Health Office if he had to barricade the
door and do it a la Sheehan. He bristled
up to 11 o'clock Monday, when Secretary
Carroll suggested that he descend in
force upon the Mayor's office and bluff
the executive out of his determination to
unseat the board with the aid of tho po
lice.
Although Phelan had acknowledged
privately that he was afraid the old
board could not be unseated for Eix
months at least, publicly he had declared
he would seat the new officials If he had
to use the police in doing it His bluff
•was taken s*eriou?ly by the old members
and they had made all sorts of plans to
circumvent him. Barbat came on the
Fcne Monday morning breathing several
different temperatures of Indignation and
h*> was at once selected as the agent of
annihilation. He swooped down on the
Mayor's otjices prepared to have it all
ovpt and the floor cleaned up within five
minutes, but as a tirst setback he was
piven twenty minutes in the waltlng-
room to cool off and wait until his Honor
had pot through with other people.
Dr. Payne came in next, looking wor
ried, but not at all fierce. It took the
NEW BOARD OF
HEALTH SWINGS
ITS LITTLE AX
It Abolishes Quarantine
and the Pure Food
Departments,
The new Board of Health yesterday
abolished j the quarantine and pure food
departments, and as a consequence the
services of fifteen employes were dis
pensed with and a caving of nearly $1400
a month effected. Whether the wave of
economy which has so suddenly struck
the guardians of the city's health is
merely temporary and a preliminary move
to reappoint individuals of their own polit
ical preference remains to be seen.
A meeting of the board was to have
been held at 12 o'clock, but only Drs. Wil
liamson, Baum and Bazet put in an ap
pearance. Acting Chief of Police Biggy
and Colonel Mendell, president of the
Board of Public Works, who are ex-ofncio
members of tho Health Board, were also
present, but left to attend other official
business.
The three members of the board, how
ever, held an informal star chamber aes
sion, and the result of their secret delib
erations was made known when Dr. Wil
liamson hurriedly came out from the con
ference and addressed the following com
munication to Health Officer O'Brien by
which the quarantine service was abol
ished:
A. P. O'Brien, M.D.. Health Officer: Tou axe
hereby authorized to take the necessary steps
to close down the quarantine department, for
merly operating under the Jurisdiction of the
Board of Health. I understand that the
Quarantine Officer and crew are still occupy
ing their positions. You will, therefore, advise
the afore-mentloned persons of the Issuance of
this order, and at the same time take the
necessary steps to provide for the care of the
tug until such time as it may be properly dis
posed of. Yours truly,
JOHN M. WILLIAMSON,
President of the Board of Health.
In taking this action the local board
has tacitly delegated its powers to the
Federal quarantine officials, with which
the old board had clashed on several oc
casions. Mayor Phelan, in fact, informed
the old board when the members were
considering the question of holding on to
their offices that the quarantine was
plainly a national affair.
Those who are affected by the board's
action are Quarantine Officer I. E. Cohen,
$150 a month; P. McQowan, captain of the
launch Governor Perkins, $120; R. J. Cous
ins, engineer, $100; P. Hammond, deck
hand, f75, and J. S. Wilklns, messenger,
$70 a month. The deckhand may be re
tained to care for the launch until some
arrangements can be made for its dis
posal.
The order to Health Officer O'Brien re
garding the food department was very
brief and to the point, and simply in
structed him to notify the present force
of food Inspectors that their services
would no longer be required. Those who
lost their positions are Chief Inspector
Devoto, who received $20) a month, and
the following assistants at $75 a month
each: B. M. Jones, O. H. Ryan, O. P.
Murray, J. J. Sullivan, M. Collins, B. O.
Hornleln, Thomas Hess, D. Jacobi and L.
W. Hollingsworth.
The new charter provides that all police
men shall act as health inspectors, and it
is understood that the new board intends
to appoint physicians as food inspectors.
The. market Inspector will be a veterinary
surgeon, and it is said that present Veteri
narian O'Rourke stands a splendid chance
for the place.
POLICE JUDGES MAY
CLASH WITH SEYMOUR
There was a good deal of growling in
the Police courts and among policemen
yesterday against one of the Innovations
caused by the adoption of the charter.
The "drunks" were assigned to the vari-
SCHOOL BOARD
CANNOT AGREE
UPON SALARIES
Denman and Mrs. Kin
caid Accused of Doing
Politics.
Th» new Board of Education has not
yet fixed the amount of salary t<> be paid
to the deputies to be appointed by Super
intendent Webster, and Webster ptie*a
to his determination to appoint no assist
ants until the salary is fixed at the figure
he dictates. Behind it all. it is said, is
Mrs. Mary Kincaid's maiden attempt at
politics and the desire of Director Den
man to have appointed a deputy of his
own selection. According to a number of
prominent teachers in the department,
who have lined up on the Superintendent's
end of the fight. Mrs. Kincaid objects to
I* A. Jordan and Denman objects to W.
A. Kingsbury. to both of whom Webster
has proffered positions. • '
For Jordan's place Mrs. Kincaid ha* a
candidate of her own and Denman has one
for the Job Kingsbury wants to fall into,
and they have both declined to fix the
salary at a figure higher than $15*) per
month until Webster agrees to appoint
their candidates. Webster declares that
he will make no appointments unless the
salary is fixed at $250 and says even that
figure is too low a price to put upon the
ability that will be required in his depu
ties. The question was broached asain
yesterday when the board came together
in regular meeting, but no agreement was
arrived at and matters are the same as
when the controversy started.
At yesterday's meeting little was accom
plished other than the declaring vacant a
number of positions in the office and
storeroom. The positions of four assist
ant secretaries, two messengers and the
storekeeper were declared vacant after
the 13th of the month and the offlce9 of
inspector and assistant Inspector of build-
Ings were abolished.
R. P. Hooe, who was an assistant secre
tary under the Waller board, waa ap
pointed assistant secretary; Charles He-
Auliffe was made storekeeper at a salary
of $100 per month: P. L. Weaver, assist
ant secretary, at a salary of $75 per
month, and J. J. O'Brien, messenger, at a
salary of $75 per month. The president of
the board was authorized to arrange for
such Janitorial service as will be needed
before the Board of Public Works takes
necessary action to fill the place. The
rules of 1596. with the amendments of ISD9.
were adopted for temporary use, but will
be replaced with something entirely new
and in keeping with the new order of
things as soon as the board can get down
to proper ¦working ord^r.
Superintendent \Vcbstcr appeared before
the board to discuss the auction of
finances and In the course of his talk re
ported that State Controller Colpan had
submitted his statement to the Auditor
and that the share of school moneys due
San Francisco amounted to $330,055. That
amount, he said, was nearly $75,000 in ex
cess of the sum usually apportioned be
cause of the collection and distribution of
moneys under -the inheritance tax. % Mr.
Webster stated that although the Con
troller had included the inheritance col
lections in this year's funds, it was the
opinion of himself and the Auditor that
that sum could be applied to the unpaid
teachers' salarips of November and De
cember, IS9S, and that the Auditor would
so make the apportionments. The amount
is sufficient to pay a dividend of 35 cents
on the dollar. The board adjourned to
meet again on Friday afternoon.
. •
A PROSPECTIVE DEFICIT
IN THE CITY'S FUNDS
The startling announcement was made
yesterday afternoon by Auditor "Wc!ls
that there ¦will In all likelihood be a lar?e
deficit in the municipal funds by May 1
next on account of a provision in the
charter which requires the transfer of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALT,, WEDNESDAY, JAJSUARY 10, 1900.
IT IS evident that the first couple of. weeks of charter govern
ment is to be given over to house-cleaning and getting set
tled in new quarters. Nearly all of the new, commissions held
meetings yesterday, but few of them transacted any business
other than that of urgent necessity. The Board of Public Works
met in the morning and continued its session into, the after
noon, but the only matter of importance discussed was the thor
ough cleaning of the City Hall and the regulation of the jani
torial service in such a way that it will be of some practical use
and not purely a tax-consuming organization.
The Board of Health has twice atempted to straighten out
its patronage tangle and get its office affairs working in an even
groove, but so far no quorjm has been present at any one time,
and another try at it will be made at 9:30 o'clock this morning.
The Civil Service Commission opened up early in the day, and
its clerks were kept busy filing the applications of those who as
pire to one or another of the hundreds of positions which are to
be filled at the end of the present sixty days.
After a score of deputies and upholsterers had got through
with Tax Collector Scott's office there were few traces left of the
scrimmage that occurred when Mr. Scott inducted himself into
office, and his clerks are peaceably at work experting the books
left behind by Sheehan. The different commissions will meet
nearly every day during the week, and the Supervisors will go
on regularly with committee work.
SPORTING EVENTS
4Butchers' Board of Trade.
The Butchers' Board ol Trade met last
night at the headquarters in the Phelan
building and elected the following offi
cers for the ensuing year: Captain J H
McMenomy, president; Thomas McKeon
and J. "W. Phillips, vice presidents- S
Sllverbers. treasurer: B. J. Horn, record
ing secretary; D. A. Huntemann. financial
secretary; F. C. Winters, marshal, and
Henry Meyers, assistant marshal.
coocoeeeosoedoeeooociodooooooeoeeoooeooasdeoeo
I Have You Lost Something? I
2 If yea have, perhaps I can help ycu j*p?± ®
? find it. If it is your health that you have (o**^% %
5 lost, caused by disease such as Rheuma- \i^*\\ f»
q tlsm, Lumbago, Schtica, Seminal Weak- « O
q ness or Viri:oce!e, lam sure that I can /* ®
O help you. With my O
S Dr. Sanden MMM i
| Electric Belt
® 1 c-jred over 8000 weak and puny mm — -^ c V^™?^»^^jsii ' £f-$F ®
g curing 18:9. I gave them no drugs I *^^^ §
mto ru:n the stomach, but that which : &- Zjpzw*, &L'£&r 2
O they had lost — Electricity. Write < > tt=Z2sr %
0 for mv free book upon this subject, *=^ < r««2J? A
• "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," which _ jErl^^iiM 5
O explains all, or call at my cffl;e and ex- *^^ '/^^MAv/ii V\\\\ ®
• amine the belts. Consultation and ad- *^ // I W/i w\ \\\\ •
? vice free. OfSce hours 9to 6 ; Sundays *' 111 wi ill \\v\ S
™ »/s *n w "IH Jljß JIJI . V-\» Q
f* »O 10 I. ** - TT
I DR. T. A. SANDEN, lBT .^i T c R / ET - •
6 US\4 Eccth SS r r;cs Street, Lei Acgflei. CtL: Suul Bnildiap. PartUnd. Or. ©
C4co£*oscc©ao«GG9©eo*»»*»o3©Gs©eo«9Q©©©«ae©©2
I Dress Goods Glean-Up. \
X One-Third Off Regular Prlcesm \
§ This season's prettiest fabrics — high art novelties, fancy
»? mixtures, plaids and plain weives — lengths running from 2' to 15 x
x yard3— now reduced one-third to close out: J
J? 75c Dress Goods.. .500 ?1.25 Dr?s3 G00&3. ..83c $2.00 Dress Goois.slm33 X
X 90c Dress G00d5. ..-6Qc * 1.50 Dress Goods.sf. OO $2.50 Dress G00d5.5f.67 5
X $1.00 Dress G00d5...67© | $1.75 Dress Goods..s/.f7 J3.00 Dress Goods.s2.ytf x
j£ Lengths of 6 yards and under will not be cut. X
x ===zz=z==z: S
| Cloak Dep't. "Glean-Up. I
x All Jackets and Capes Reduced. %
J. $7.50-? 8.50 Jackets and Capes now _ * 4.95 X
J ?10.00-$12.00 Jackets and Gape?, now $7.45 jlf 5
X $15.00-?16.00 Jackets and Gapes, now $J. 45 j^/' X
J! All Tailor Dresses and Skirts Reduced. W^C/ *
X $3.50 Skirts, now £/.0? J&£s&>ifcf^*» •*
X $5.00 and $6 CO Skirts, now .- 3»* 5 sf^^b?\*iL * «
X «12.50-f 15.00 Dresses, now $9.95 Sf '/J iu\\tf«S|( X
J $20.00-$22.50 Dresses, now $14.5 J *
$ All Waists, Wrappers, Petti- S***^7^m^W 'I
X coats Reduced. <L^Z~7 /\l I// X
Jf ! 1.00 Flannelette Wai3ts, now 590 ilS^Piidk 1° °7-« •'
X $2.75-53.00 Wool Waists, now $1.69 $ 1 \ 5
*C 15.00 Black Silk Wai»t3 $3.95 °h^ X
J $7.50- 8.00 Fancy Silk Waists $4 U5 /l^*«a»»^< «*
X H.OO Wrappers, now 69c ' gj 'J
J? J 1.00 Black Underskirts, lined G9c -* Jc'
J $2.00 Fancy Underskirts $1.39 » 2.50 Eiderdown Wrappers $1.93 X
%» X
I Muslin Wear "Giean-Up." \
j£ The annual, always-waited-for January Muslin and Corset Sales now in progress. j«
£ Goods of superior excellence deeply price-cut to clean up. Here are some hints: X
X Muslin Gowns, hemstitched 1 Tennis Flannel Gowns4sc ! $1.25 Coraets f0r.. ..850 >J
E yokes 48c I $6.95 White Skirts | 25c Wool Wmtleta.. lOc X
i $1.75 Gowns $1.25 $4.25 \ X
| The Millinery "Clean-Up." I
*£ All Winter Millin ery to go at once, if half-price or less is an inducement to %
J good dressers. Hats that sold for $7.00. now $3.25 -$15.00 Hats for &7.50 X
X —50c Winter Velvet Roses, bunches of 3, 18c— 15c Pelican Quills, sc. •?
i ===== 5
I Carpet Remnant Sale. i
£ 25 Per Cent Off Regular Prices. X
X Bring your me asurements with you and see if among the hundreds of lengths jf
jC from 15 to 50 yards each there is not just the piece that you need. X
Tapestry Carpet 3, with borders to match, good range of patterns and coloring •?'
** worth 60c per yard. Remnant Sale Price- 450 x
Tapestry Carpets, heavier grade, hall and stair to match, regularly 75c yard, Rem- *X
X nantSale Price 56'tC -5
X Best grade Tape3try, 10-wire goods, heavy, durable and fine patterns, regularly 90c J
S yard, Remnant Sale Price S7\O X
Wilton Velvets, stylish designs, regularly $1.10 yard. Remnant Sale Price 82 tG \
X % Axminster Carpets, the ?1.35 per yard quality. Remnant Sale Price 9i\c %
X X
| Fleece £h*^ Furniture, f
1 inc*H J%£o^) Specials for to-day {Wed- x
X *-MneU ffi^^Bs i nostlay only. •$
J UniOit vSfi'i.- & Jt\ Dining Chair, solid oak, braced X
X c.:s $' "A fi arm 3, a well-made chair, regularly $1.10, «5
X mXUItS 0 ,K^k^ Iv special to-day only 90c %
5 21 Cm V^wfm y Hall Ha tracks, solid golden oak &
Xd t. *e• i. j •''//¦ ' '¦'•' ¦"¦ . , w "^ French-plate mirror, rerularly •?
y Patent finished \ ; / .si,. 5 i, | SS SO. special to-day only $6.25 \
% seams, colors nat- \V :/, . Enameled Bed, full size, made of X
* ural and ecru, but- \ 1 .|| H heavy malleable iron, well enameled, -J
«C ton <iown the front ybji with brass rods and trimmings, regu- '?
X style, regularly 3oc /{/' larly $10, specbl to-day only.. $7.50 X
i suit, balance of 11/ Extension Tablb, golden oak. -5
g this week if quan- U/ extend 3 6 feet> heavy carved leg 3 whh X
X tity lasts *w r/V c i aw f ee t. hand polished, regularly X
X JU> Lr $13.50, special to-day 0rAv....511.25 j*
» — Parlor Set, 5 piece?, mahogany J
£• Z&EZf* \fea>s§<& IZS.tr* finished, upholstered in Veloura or Tap- .%
X ~+*+" W C7##Ojr UmT%omU m T%0m estry. regularly $27.50, special to-day •<
*: 600 Chenille Spot Tuxedo Pattern Veils, _ onl - v ~ V'r $22.25 V
f. all eilk, black ground and green spot B °°r°?Z? -° *{ ' F 1^ 63 ,' S ° lld ° ak ' «
X and border, regularly 25c each, to be th , 2 f x ?° eh f*™^ plate mirror, X
X closed out during balance of ,- - 2 oak chairs « X oak rocker ' l oak table . X
S week at each ... . M**C the 7 P iece 3 regularly $30, special to- X
% day only 924*75 -J
| January "Clean-Up." Men's $1.00 \
| Blankets. Shirts, 55c. i
», Fine White California Blankets, an extra _. T . iOT ..^, v ..'2
X quality, weighing 6J lbs, a large size, ™™™ Leommster Shirt Co. s best $1 X
X 78 inches wide, slightly soiled in store laundered white shirts, carefully made $
* display, and therefore" on special sale I ?f,? f , ™* en f^ P«^ct fitting, sizes x
X to close this xuil while -—— 14 ; lo 2. I*>s. 1< and I.J only, on .J
J^ quantity lasts, per pair... $4.38 sale , ba!ailce °{ week * <l aaa - CZCS** %
X titv last 3, each OOG «
x January "Clean-Up." a ~~*% Hi - 5
I Bed Sheets. Lace Curtains %
X Full size Bed Sheets, made from even, 6mC fl^li^M x
X round-thread cotton, size 81x90 inches, L. , , . , . ,_ X
*, unbleached, the mill cost of the mate- t^e place on sale to-day and while qnaa- X
i rial alone is 45c, on special sale th s ! tityjasts 100 pairs good Lace Curtains. •«
** veek while quantity lasts, ~ n 36 inches wide, 3 yards long very pretty " %
X eac jj _ " 38C tesigZ' at the remarkably low Cf x
X """ ~~?""T~"" .".*'." * "Clean-up" price, per pair OIC X
| January "Clean-Up." Jan -Clean. Up." I
I k p? m !? i : te^' < Umbrellas. I
X A line of our best cotton-filled Comfort- X
£ era, an extra size 6x7 feet), made from : For men or women— a large number of X
*> fine Silkoline and liberally filled with j Umbrellas slightly shop-worn in store '5
X laminated sheet cotton,, warm as down! and window displays, umbrellas that V
if and choice in every respect, a $2.50 i regularly sell from jl.oo to $7.C0 each, x
£ value, on special sale / h is # o*»' on sale balance of this week at X
x veek at &1.88 One-quarter off. ••
x ¦ . jj
| Ribbon Sale Thursday. I
f More than 14,000 yards all silk Moire Taffeta Ribbons |
X x go on sale Thursday, Friday and Saturday at lowest prices ever quoted X
$in San Francisco for equally as good qualities. Full line of colors — '%
* plenty of pinks, creams and blues, etc. x
X No. s—l inch wide 4o yd (No. 30— Z\ inches wide...- 130 yd '%
£ No. 12—2 inches wide floyd No. 40-3 i inches wide 16a yd '*
jf No. 22—22 inches wide J/o yd INo. 50— 4 i inches wide...... 180 yd J
V Leave your BP"' 3%.r%4A |Wr T or( , arnr t-
X little boy in pi OoljJ«r» ft wilt* f\r% -^^.* ' £ V
£* Barber-shop f~ * *»OI43«I1 tCUie OOZa^r. song Satur- A
X while you shop. CAUFOR.MAS LARCEST-A.n£SICA*S ORA.NDEST STORaday night. %¦
WHEN the city bells chime the
noon hour to-day Arthur
J. Brander and Miss Ger
trude Forman will be made
husband and wife in the presence of
a small and select company. The wed
ding will take place at the home of
the bride's godfather, James Cole
man, ISI7 Laguna street. Rev. Father
Varsi, president of St. Ignatius Col
lege, will be the officiating clergyman.
The Coleman home will be elabor
ately decorated in honor of the occa
sion with a profusion of pink and
white blossoms. In the drawing room
will be erected a bower of pink and
white roses in which the happy pair
will stand to receive the blessing of
the priest.
The bride will be attended by Miss
Grace Spreckels. who will officiate as
maid of honor. John P. Reddlngton
will be best man.
Miss Forman's bridal dress is to be
a beautiful tailor gown of mauve
cloth, with white satin facings. A
chic violet toque, trimmed with vio
lets, will complete the costume.
Miss Spreckela will wear a dainty
green crepe gown and a black picture
hat.
After the ceremony there is to be a
bridal breakfast, at which twenty
four covers will be laid. In the after
noon the newly wedded couple will
leave for the south, from which they
will return for a short stay In this
city previous to their visit to Aus
tralia, where Mr. Brander has busi
ness interests.
The bride to be is the only daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Sands Forman. The
happy man is an Englishman, sta
tioned on this coast as the business
representative of the Pacific Islands
Company of London, a large shipping
house.
Common whisky is a curse — the Old Gov-
ernment is a blessing 1 . ' •
New Rates Are Ratified.
At the meeting of the Railroad Commis
sion yesterday the. matter of the new pas
senger traffic on the Los Angeles Ter
minal Railroad, which was passed over
from the regular meeting on Monday aft
ernoon, came up for consideration. The
petition was thoroughly looked into and
the investigation resulted In the ratifica
tion of the new traffic.
Azule Water Insolvent.
The Azule Natural Seltzer Water Com
pany of San Jos>e applied recently to the
United States District Court to be Se
ctored insolvent, and yesterday the cor
poration filed a schedule of assets and lia
bilities, the liabilities being stated at
$44,027 21 and the assets at $5477 60.
The principal creditors are J. Eberharrtt.
San Jose. t24.517 60: Garden City Bank and
Trust Company. $•>::•_•: Eberhardt Savings
Company. $1040- Ebernardt Cannery.
$104*72.
Had a Tender Face.
George Barnaby, a barber, went into
Newman Stern's barber shop, 11 Sixth
street, Monday for a shave. He remarked
that he had a tender face and did not
want a close shave. Four different bar
bers tried him. but he was not pleased and
called them "farmers" and bad names.
He raised such a row that he was arrest
ed for disturbing the peace. Judge Mo
pan tried the case yesterday and fined
Barnaby $5.
UNION LEAGUE ELECTION.
The Club Holds Its Annual Meeting
and Chooses Its Officers.
The regular annual meeting and election
of officers of the Union League Club was
held last evening in the rooms of that or
ganization. The reports of the various of
ficers were read and accepted. Th^y
showed the club to be !n a flourishing fin
ancial condition and the cash on hand to
be well over the $1000 mark. The election
went along quietly and smoothly, and re
sulted In the following gentlemen being
elected without any opposition:
A. G. Booth, president: J. P. Le Count
first vice president; George D. Clark, sec
ond vice president: S. j. Hendy, secre
tary; I. \V. Hellman Jr.. treasurer; Frank
H. Burke. A. S. Mangrum. D. E. McKin
lay. George H. Pippy. William M. Ab
bott and Thomas Kirkpatrick.
. ... -
NEW RAILROAD AGENCY.
Mexican Central Will Establish 'a Pa
cific Coast Department.
The Mexican Central Railroad will es
tablish an agency in San Francisco within
a few weeks. A. Andrade taking charge.
The agency will extend to all Pacific Coast
States.
The Mexican Central is the leading r.-.il
road of Mexico and does a large business
with Eastern lines. An attempt will now
be made to send much of its business to
San Francisco and use this city as a
transferring, point for freight. The Mex
ican Central connects with the Santa i-"c
at El Paso and operates 2400 miles of roa-1.
A F. Andrade. the new general agent U r
the Western States, has been connected
with the railroad during the last twelve
years. He Is a San Franciscan, but has
spent most of his time In the Mexican
capital, engaged in the railroad business.
He will open offices within a few weeks
and establish sub-agencies In the big
cities of the coast.
Veteran Firemen Meet.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's As
sociation held its annual meeting at Pio
neer Hall last night and elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing term;
Stephen Bunner, president; William H.
Miller, Thomas Cornell and John Kava
nagh, vice presidents; J. J. McMahon, re
cording secretary; John Williams, finan
cial secretary: \\ 111 am Fahrenkrug, treas
urer; Charles O'Kell, M. M. Baker, James
McElroy, J. M. Thomas and George Burk
hardt, directors; R. Harold, P. Connors
and Fred Well, trustees.
California Schuetzen Club.
The California Schuetzen Club met last
night and elected the following officers
for the ensuing year: President, Phllo
Jacoby; vice president, A. Rahwyler;
treasurer. Otto Bremen first secretary,
T. J. Carroll; second secretary, C. Sage
horn: first shooting master, J. C. Waller;
second shooting master, H. Schroeder;
third shooting master, F. A. Schrumpff;
trustees— L. C. Babin, H. Gumbel, F. A.
Kuhls; finance committee — A. L. Ott,
Charles Simon; directors— John Utschie
Sr., Philo Jacoby, O. Burmeister, L. O.
Babin. Otto Bremer, A. Strecker and L.
J. Reubold.
AN AWKWARD FIX.
Miss Nell Carter Must Get Possession
of a Poodle Dog or Lose a
Husband.
Mlfs Nell Carter, 211 Leavenworth street,
is afraid that if she does not get posses
sion of a Chinese poodle dog she will lose
a husband. To save her from such a dis
aster she secured a search warrant from
Judge Fritz yesterday to secure posses
sion of the pet.
Miss Carter said that her sweetheart,
who had been a soldier, after returning
from Manila prc-f ented her with the poodle
dog. As her landlady would not allow a
dog on the premises, she gave it to a.
friend. Mrs. Fowler. 711 Post street, to
keep till she could claim it. Her soldier
lover is now in Los Angeles and has wrli
ten her to come along and get married,
but to be sure and bring the poodle Jo#.
Miss Carter says she made a demand
upon Mrs. Fowler for the dog, but that
lady refused to give It up, as she had
taken quite a fancy to It.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H- Egbert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Tuesday, January 9, 1899.— Thirty-third day of
the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine.
Track good.
Funeral of Mrs. McLellan.
The funeral of Mary C. McLellan. moth
er of the McLellan brothers, proprietors
of the Holsteln dairy, on Washington
street, near Polk, took place at noon yes
terday from the residence at Laurel Creek,
San Mateo County. The Rev. Mr. Turrc.
an Episcopal minister, officiated.
Mrs. McLellan leaves a family
of eleven children, seven boys
and four girls, and a number of rela
tives in Santa Clara, among them being
her niece. Miss Carrie Foster McLellan,
the well-known singer, of San Jose.- Mrs.
McLellan was one of the pioneer ladies
and reached the age of 69 years.
set forth in the petition of th© farmers
that the existing facilities of transporta
tion are inadequate. Owing to the recent
heavy rains wagon transportation is con
ducted with the utmost difficulty and many
delays are encountered. It is believed that
rights of way and privileges can be ob
tained for a railroad, which will go far
toward assuring favorable consideration
of the petition.
RAILWAY EXTENSION
DESIRED BY SAN JUAN
COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO SEE
CLAUS SPRECKELS,
Farmers Want the Narrow-Gauge
Line Extended From Watsonville
to San Juan.
Last Saturday night an Important public
meeting was held in San Juan to agitate
the question of railway facilities. Senator
Thomas Flint Jr. presided at the meeting.
A committee of citizens was appointed
to wait on Claus Spreckels and urge him
to extend the narrow-gauge railroad from
Watsonville to San Juan. The committee
will to-day submit the views of the citi
zens of San Juan to Mr. Spreckels. It Is
PAST SUCCESS
TO BE OUTDONE
Patrons of Art Will Cele
brate the Mardi
Gras.
It has been definitely decided by tho
San Francisco Art Association to give a
Mardi Gras masked ball at the Hopkins
Institute of Art on the evening of Feb
ruary 27. Efforts will bo made to surpass
In brilliancy the success of last year. The
admission has been placed at Jo a person.
At the meeting held yesterday to discuss
the matter the following gentlemen were
present: Horace G. Platt. Edward Bos
qui. L. P. Lattimer, William G. Stafford.
Henry Heyman and J. W. Byrne. On ac
count of the absence of the president. Jo
seph D. Grant, the only definite action
taken was to decide upon the date and
fix the price of admission cards. Proba
bly within the next ten days a meeting
will be called for the purpose of complet
ing the preliminary arrangements. At
that time committees will be appointed
on decorations, music, floor and recep
tion.
• • a
Nearly 200 members of the Mills Club
tendered a reception yesterday afternoon
at the Century Club to Emma Nevada
and her little daughter Mignon. The club
is composed of ladles who have attended
Mills College, of which the famous song
stress is a graduate. Century Hall. wher»
the reception was held, was beautifully
decorated in gold and white, the colors
of the college. During the affair music
was furnished by a string orchestra.
After the exchange of courtesies and
congratulations the ladles adjourned to
the dining hail, where refreshments were
served.
The formal welcome to the guest of
honor was extended by Mrs. Frank Bates,
president of the club. On the reception
committee were Mrs. Bates, Mrs. LJtch
fleld. Miss Unger, Miss Coleman, Mrs. C.
E. Green. Mrs. Florence P. Frank, Miss
Janet Haight, Miss Lowrey, Miss Philips
and Miss Everding.
SAN PABLO GIRL NOT
GUILTY OF BURGLARY
MISS MARY E. BOWEN, THE VICTIM OF A CONSPIRACY.
MISS MART E. BOTVEN of San Pablo, who when arrested on a charge
of burglary at the Burlington Hotel wished to be known at the City
Prison as "Mary Brown," was honoraby dismissed from the cus
tody of the court yester-iiy by Police Judge Conlan. H. M. Duncan,
her prosecutor, failed tc appear, having left the State in fear of <vi
ordeal on the witness stand.
The young lady, heavily veiled, accompanied by her mother, was in court.
When asked h«»r true name she was saved from answering by Attorney Quin
lan. who said "Mary Brown."
"This is a case that should not pnss without a few words from the bench."
paid Judge Conlar.. "No one regrets more than I do that the prosecuting wit
r.e-sp. Duncan, Is not here. I believe this arrest of a respectable young woman
on a charge cf burglary to have been a scheme, or perhaps the mean work of
a drunken man. Instead of her having robbed anybody, or attempted to do
f". I understand she was herself robbed. This fellow Duncan, whoever he is.
came here to swear to a complaint, and slunk away. It is very plain that h!s
motive was not to protect society by securing the punishment of a criminal.
but something else. If he were here lam of the opinion that he would find
himself the party charged, with f his young Sady as his accuser. She has al
ready been j-übjected to a great deal of undeserved humiliation, and I shall or
der the ense to be dismissed."
H. M. Duncan, who caused Mi?* Bowen's arrest, registered at the Palac
Hotel a few days before he went for a night to the Burlington. He asked for
1 the cheapest room in the house, ar.d the Palace bellboy who showed him to
his room saw no evidence of the JSV) diamond ring that he professed to have
lost.
Attorney Rose says that Durean has gone East, and asserts positively
that the affair was a scheme to tret money out of Miss Bowen's guardian. W.
S. Zeiiin, who escorted the young lady from the courtroom.
CONFUSION IN
THE MATTER OF
HUGH BUCHANAN
Ford Treads on Su
preme Court Toes.
•
The habeas corpus case of Husrh Bu- j
chanan was taken under advisement yes- !
t^rday by the Justices of the Supreme j
Court, after it had be*n argue-d at length j
by the attorneys for each side.
Buchanan killed a man in Marysville j
in 1554 and escaped triaJ, the trial Judpe ]
concluding that he was insai-.e. A jury j
found such to be the fact, after hearing j
the expert testimony of some of the
brightest experts en mer.tal diseases in j
the State. Recently an effort has been i
made to have Buchanan declared sane. I
but the Superior .court of Napa conclud- I
ed that he was still of unsound mind, j
and he was sent back to the Napa Asy- |
lurn. Another effort is now being made
Jn the same direction through the Su
preme Court.
Dr. A. M. Gardner, superintendent of i
the hospital, t^stif.f-d yesterday that it j
is his opinion that Buchanan is insane,
and that there is no chance of his re- i
co very of reason. In this he disagrees ;
•with his subordinate, *-r. Dozicr. who Is |
believed by many to be working for the !
position ol his superior. If rhe court de- *
cidc-s that Buchanan is pane it is likr-Iy i
that Dr. Dozicr will get the place, which i
Governor Gape is said to b<=> only too anx- j
lous to give him. Gage has no love for '
Pr. Gardner and would lik»- to p-*>t some ]
k;r.d of a "hook" on him so as to have j
en fxruff for ousting him from office. ]
If Buchanan's sanity could be establish- i
t-d pr<j«-f'?dir.RP could be brought against ;
Dr. Gardner lor williully holding a sane j
man In tho hospital. Th*-re are plenty I
who believe that Car" is one of the fac
tors behind the fight to secure Buchanan's
r^leasf fr<im the asylum.
During the argument yesterday an in
cident not wholly devoid of humor oc
curred. Attorney General Tirey L. Ford.
erp*"'arinjr as representative of the State,
rr.ade a strong plea, in which he conten.l
*<i that Buchanan's mental condition had
elready been passed up r m by experts and
a Superior Court Judge and it was found
that the man was insane. Continuing
Mr. Ford *aid:
This court, however, has undertaken
to examine anew thi» Question of fact.
a.nd the proceedings thus far have
demonstrated the utter futility of such
attempted investigation. Th<> highest
judicial tribunal of a sovereign State,
created for tho review of the judg
ments and orders of inferiors courts
and invested with plenary power for
the correction of legal mistakes and '
Judicial errors, is impotent to secure
th* needed testimony for the deter
mination of disputed questions of fact.
Nor is It strange that this is so. This
court is an appellate and not a trial
court. It deals with questions of law
and not of fact. No provision has been
made by the law-making power of the
State for the means necessary to se
cure the needed testimony upon which
this court may base correct conclu
sions In this proceeding. We are,
therefore, in the anomaJous position
of being practically limited by the will
and pleasure of counsel for petitioner
in the production of testimony on be
half of respondent. And pven the tes
timony which we arf thus permitted
to introduce rome? in a mangled and
incomplete form, with the most of it
still unread to the court.
Mr. Ford, while using good old Knglish
language "as she is spoke." unconscious
ly put his foot In it. The court, and Chief
Justice Beatty especially, failed to grasp
th<> meaning of the rorcgoing remarks
and was much offended. The Attorney
General hastened to explain that he
rmant no disrespect to the court. He
had not reflected upon the mental caliber
of the court and their "inability" ana
"impotency" was statutory and not per
sonal. This assurance mollified the prin
cipal members of the court, who had been
more sensitive than comprehending in the
matter of Mr. Fora's exposition of the
law and the farts.
WILL VISIT CITY BANKS
Finance Committee of California
Water and Forest Association to
Begin Work Locally Soon.
The finance committee of the California
Water and Forest Association will besin
to make a canvass for funds among the
San Francisco banks by the last of the
present week.' All that they are waiting
for is the arrival of a member of the com
mittee from Fresno, who is expected to be
here in a day or two. Great hope is en
tertained among the members of the com
mittee that the banks of the city will re
spond liberally, because the banks are
heavy holders of real estate In the sec
tions where an exceptionally dry year is
pure to bring large loss. It has been fig
ured out that one dry year caused a lcs
nt j-Ti.orvi.noo t r the San Joaquin Valley,
where the holdings of several city banks
die extensive.
Responses have not been received from
the appeal of the flr.r.nrp committee to the
people in the interior, but word of progress
r>f the movement Is expectt-d daily. The
letters wr>nt out only last week, and the
bad wf-ather undoubtedly interfered with
work in the interior. The membership has
b«»en considerably increased through the
efforts of the membership committee.
¦ ? ¦
Wants Her Brother Arrested.
Miss S. K. Hansen. Twenty-pecond and
Guerrero streets, secured a warrant from
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
her brother. John F. Hansen, on the
charge of disturbing the peace. He at one
time was .a clerk in an Insurance office,
but was left some money and resigned
his position. Since then, his sister says,
he has been on a perpetual Jag. and after
wasting all his own money has been de
manding money from her and threatening
to kill her.
THE E3HPOBITJM.
THE EMPOIiIUM.
WEDDING BELLS FOR MISS
FORMAN AND ARTHUR BRANDER
MADE INSANE BY
THE DEED OF A
DARING BURGLAR
Took Twenty Thou
sand Dollars.
OLD COUPLE LEFT HOMELESS
MBS. STREVINGER NEVER GOT
OVER HER LOSS.
Brooded Until Her Mind Gave Way
and Then Killed Herself by-
Inhaling Illuminating
Gas.
Mrs. Therese Strevinger, 70 years old,
committed suicide yesterday afternoon at
her residence, "3d Green street, by inhal
ing Illuminating gas through a rubber
tube.
The unfortunate woman's husband,
Frederick Strevinger, a well-known mu
sician, had left the house only a few mo
ments before to go to the Branch Public
Library on Powell street, and the woman
Inquired of Mrs. Leone, the landlady, if
her husband was out of the house. On
being answered in the affirmative Mrs.
Strevinger retired to her room. At 3:30
o'clock in the afternoon Mrs. Leone had
occasion to pass in front of Mrs. Strevln
ger's door. She detected the odor of il
luminating gas. She immediately gave
the alarm, the door was broken open and
the dead body of her locger was found
on the bed with one end of a rubber tube
in her mouth, the other end being at
tached to the gas fixtures. A physician
was called In. but he found that life was
extinct.
Mrs. Strevingrer Is said to have been
rendered insane by the act of a burglar
when she and her husband were on a
visit to Paris two years ago. They had
accumulated property worth a little more
than $20,000 and converted It into cur
rency, taking the money with them to
Paris. They had not been there a week
when a burglar entered their room and
stole the jxicketbook containing the
money which was under the pillow. They
returned to San Francisco practically
penniless and the husband began at the
foot of the ladder to work at his pro
fession of musician and music teacher to
earn a livelihood for himself and his wife.
She w~s heartbroken over their loss and
brooded over It so much that she became
a prey to melancholia. It was in one of
those fits undoubtedly that she took her
life. The deceased was a native of Al
sace.
Deputy Coroner McCormlck removed
the body to the Morgue.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1900.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judce.
J. F. CALDWELL— Starter.
¦"OO FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; maidens; three-year-olds and upward; pur»«,
Ot/O» $40-3.
Time— Vi :23: 4. :50; \. 1:16. Good utart. Won first three driving. Winner, W. B. Jen
nlnKs & Co.'s b. m.. by Eolus- Brown Beauty. ,».,,, T V t
Lass was stopping at the end. Miss Soak came from far back. Master Lee ran a fair
race Isiline Riven no chance by the starter; she could have won.
Scratrhe.l— Miss Reel 114. Delecta 114.
r- QQ SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Time— H. :ZSU: H. :WVi: *i. 1:164: mile. 1:43. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
drlvinc. Winner. W. L. Stanfleld's b. *? by Ar>ache-Marln.
Toribio much the best. Others of little use.
r>|-vf-v THIRD RACE— One mile; selling-; four-year-olds and upward: purse. $400.
Time— U. :26H; 4. :51\; %, 1:1S; mile. 1:434. Bad start. Won first three driving. Win
ner J N. Drake's b. c. by Rousseau-Termagant.
'Scratched— Rapldo 109.
Tirade bumped at first turn by Bailsta; he was best. Sardonic will win next time out.
f» f\\ FOURTH RACE— Seven furlonsrs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
/>AQ FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. |400
Tlme—U. :26V t ; Vg, :32; %) 1:174: mile. IU3& Good start. Won handily. Second and
third driving. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s br,' h.. by Imp. Darebln- Bavaria.
Winner received a perfect ride. Tom Cromwell showed Improvement. Mldian stopped.
/>AO SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-olds and upward, purse, $400
Time— hi. :12; H. :35H: %, 1:00. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, E. Cor
rlgan's b. g.. by Imp. St. Andrew-Ottyana.
Ollnthus looked to have won by a head. Bell Is a aultter.
Scratched— Decoy 104. Monda 113, Miss Marlon 111, Sea Lion 116, Governor Sheehan 120.
Lady Helolse US.
5
ndex. Horse. Age. Weighty St. %m.
556 Braw Lass, 5 117J *
569 Firist Shot, 3 104. 2
ESS Miss Soak. 5 UTIIO
43S Master Le<?. 4 1161 1
3SI Colonel Root. 5 119: 3
555 Ic-illne. 3 93:11
E6S Tekla. 3 104 9
5€S March Seven. 3 S9|l2
E6B Tom Sharkey. 3 103; 7
56S Mies Vera. 3 99; %
656 Florence Fink. 4....1H; 5
56S Filled' Or, 3 99, 6
E«>9 Illllouette. 3 99 13
Hm. %m. Str.
2>i 1 H
11 2 2
3 'i S h
5 »j 5 h
6 h SH ~-
114 6 4
9 2 10 1
12 10 7 h
10 4 11 2
SI 12 10
4h 4 4
72 9 4
13 13
Fin.
1 ns
2 2
31
4 4
6 4
6 2
7 1
8 1
S
10
11
12
13
I I Bettl
Jockeys. Op.
Spencer 6
Bullman 5-2
J. Daly 15
Conley 25
Morgan 15
J. Martin 3
Vlttltoe 7
H. Stuart 8
K. Ross S
Helnson 23
E. Jones 8
Henry 20
[Danaher ( 30
Ing.
Cl.
6
9-5
25
50
20
4
10
15
12
40
12
40
MO
ng.
Cl.
ndex. Horse. Agre.
Weight.:
St. Mm. «im.
%m. Str. Fin.
1
i Jockeys.
IBettlns.
{Op. Cl.
584 Tortblo, 5
SSS Ulxford, 3
574 Dolore, 6
522 Melkarth. 5....
6SO Gold Baron. 4..
GS2 Champion Hose,
537 Oroide 4
E9l Lucid, S
106
S5
103
105
li»l
;, 3... S3J
100
105 1
3 \Vi lh
7 7 1 62
4 5 2 5 14
644 3 3
>52 5 2 4
: 1 3>i 4 1
!36 2 7 5
|8 8 8
1 H 14 13
413 v 2 n
5 3 2H "3 2
3H? 2 ? «
2H5 3 6 2
656 5 6 4
7 12 7 6 7 6
8 8
Jenkins
Ranch
Vlttltos
Henry
Basstnger ....
J. Walsh
|j. Martin
[Helnson
a »-;
2 7-:
5 i
4 i
20 V.
15 3C
id i;
10 2C
ndex. Horse. Age.
547 Tirade, 4
6fi4 Sardonic. 3...
634 Whaleback, 4.
570 Inverary 11. 5.
673 BalUta. 4
590 \Vato*sa, 4
SSS Grey hurst. 6..
I Bettlnr
Welght.iSt. Hm. %m. »im. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
112 3 41H *24 3 n 3 \ 1 H Conley 8-5 i-l
liX. 2 2h 32 22 2\ 2 1H Spencer 3-2 3
\(» l 324 2h lb In 38 Thorpe 3 i
109 5 54 53 54 4 2V4<3H Helnson 15 V.
109] 4 lh In 42 63 52 Glover 10 2i
109 g g ( 6 6 6 Johnson 60 lOC
109| Left ... .j. 11^ ll: Bullman 10 li
I I I Bettlnff.
:ndex. Horse. Age. Weight.: St. Vim. 4m. »im. Str. Fin. Jockeys. pp. Cl.
(W3) Geyfer. 6 119 2 4 4 <H 4h lh lh Spencer 7-10 4-3
573 Bannockbum. 5 107 5 5 24 14 22 23 Bullman 8-5 3-2
520 Tar Hill. 5 94 3 21 34 8 4 32 34 T.Walsh 15 40
593 Storm Kin*. 6 107 1 12 11 21 44 4 4 E. Jones 15 25
543 The Fretter. 4 ...104 4 3 4 6 6 5 S Jenkins 15 30
Time— U, :2->; 4. :49; %. l:01»i: %. l:l7<i. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner,
E Corrlgan's b. g.. by Ben All-Hot Springs.
' Geyeer won cleverly after a stormy trip. Bannockburn away from the post poorly.
:¦ : ~ Bettlnr.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. St. };m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
673 Del Paso 11. a 10? 5 3h 4 2 42 In 124 Spencer 5-2 14-3
593 Tom Cromwell, a... 108 4 2 li 3 2 14 12 2 X E. Jones 10 10
544 IXvnntor. 5 105 2 4 IH2h 82 32 3 1 E. Ross 6 8
SSS Alicia, a 103 1 6 6 6 4 1-45 Vittltoe T-! IS-5
593 O'Connor, 4 100 6 53 5h 5H 6 S!T. Walsh 12 15
ESS Mtdlan. 5 Ill) 3 12 11 22 53 6 Conley 5-2 2
I
ndex.
Horse.
Aire.
Weight I St.
I
I Benin*.
Op. Cl.
Urn.
%m.
14m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(442) St. Caslmlr. 3.
543 Olinthus, 4
561 Frank Cell.^.j
..101 3
..1(» 2
..113 1
2 I
- 3
ll_
2 2
3
18
1 b
3
22
1 ns Vlttlto* .
2 1 ]T. Walsh
3 |B. Jones.
5-2 9-3
8 8
1-2 1-2
ndex. Horse. Age. Weighty St. %m.
556 Braw Lass, 5 117J *
569 Firist Shot, 3 104. 2
ESS Miss Soak. 5 UTIIO
43S Master Le<?. 4 1161 1
3SI Colonel Root. 5 119: 3
555 Ic-illne. 3 93:11
E6S Tekla. 3 104 9
5€S March Seven. 3 S9|l2
E6B Tom Sharkey. 3 103; 7
56S Mies Vera. 3 99; %
656 Florence Fink. 4....1H; 5
56S Filled' Or, 3 99, 6
E«>9 Illllouette. 3 99 13
Hm. %m. Str.
2>i 1 H
11 2 2
3 'i S h
5 »j 5 h
6 h SH ~-
114 6 4
9 2 10 1
12 10 7 h
10 4 11 2
SI 12 10
4h 4 4
72 9 4
13 13
Fin.
1 ns
2 2
31
4 4
6 4
6 2
7 1
8 1
S
10
11
12
13
I I Bettl
Jockeys. Op.
Spencer 6
Bullman 5-2
J. Daly 15
Conley 25
Morgan 15
J. Martin 3
Vlttltoe 7
H. Stuart 8
K. Ross S
Helnson 23
E. Jones 8
Henry 20
[Danaher ( 30
Ing.
Cl.
6
9-5
25
50
20
4
10
15
12
40
12
40
MO
ng.
Cl.
ndex. Horse. Agre.
Weight.:
St. Mm. «im.
%m. Str. Fin.
1
i Jockeys.
IBettlns.
{Op. Cl.
584 Tortblo, 5
SSS Ulxford, 3
574 Dolore, 6
522 Melkarth. 5....
6SO Gold Baron. 4..
GS2 Champion Hose,
537 Oroide 4
E9l Lucid, S
106
S5
103
105
li»l
;, 3... S3J
100
105 1
3 \Vi lh
7 7 1 62
4 5 2 5 14
644 3 3
>52 5 2 4
: 1 3>i 4 1
!36 2 7 5
|8 8 8
1 H 14 13
413 v 2 n
5 3 2H "3 2
3H? 2 ? «
2H5 3 6 2
656 5 6 4
7 12 7 6 7 6
8 8
Jenkins
Ranch
Vlttltos
Henry
Basstnger ....
J. Walsh
|j. Martin
[Helnson
a »-;
2 7-:
5 i
4 i
20 V.
15 3C
id i;
10 2C
ndex. Horse. Age.
547 Tirade, 4
6fi4 Sardonic. 3...
634 Whaleback, 4.
570 Inverary 11. 5.
673 BalUta. 4
590 \Vato*sa, 4
SSS Grey hurst. 6..
I Bettlnr
Welght.iSt. Hm. %m. »im. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
112 3 41H *24 3 n 3 \ 1 H Conley 8-5 i-l
liX. 2 2h 32 22 2\ 2 1H Spencer 3-2 3
\(» l 324 2h lb In 38 Thorpe 3 i
109 5 54 53 54 4 2V4<3H Helnson 15 V.
109] 4 lh In 42 63 52 Glover 10 2i
109 g g ( 6 6 6 Johnson 60 lOC
109| Left ... .j. 11^ ll: Bullman 10 li
I I I Bettlnff.
:ndex. Horse. Age. Weight.: St. Vim. 4m. »im. Str. Fin. Jockeys. pp. Cl.
(W3) Geyfer. 6 119 2 4 4 <H 4h lh lh Spencer 7-10 4-3
573 Bannockbum. 5 107 5 5 24 14 22 23 Bullman 8-5 3-2
520 Tar Hill. 5 94 3 21 34 8 4 32 34 T.Walsh 15 40
593 Storm Kin*. 6 107 1 12 11 21 44 4 4 E. Jones 15 25
543 The Fretter. 4 ...104 4 3 4 6 6 5 S Jenkins 15 30
Time— U, :2->; 4. :49; %. l:01»i: %. l:l7<i. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner,
E Corrlgan's b. g.. by Ben All-Hot Springs.
' Geyeer won cleverly after a stormy trip. Bannockburn away from the post poorly.
:¦ : ~ Bettlnr.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. St. };m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
673 Del Paso 11. a 10? 5 3h 4 2 42 In 124 Spencer 5-2 14-3
593 Tom Cromwell, a... 108 4 2 li 3 2 14 12 2 X E. Jones 10 10
544 IXvnntor. 5 105 2 4 IH2h 82 32 3 1 E. Ross 6 8
SSS Alicia, a 103 1 6 6 6 4 1-45 Vittltoe T-! IS-5
593 O'Connor, 4 100 6 53 5h 5H 6 S!T. Walsh 12 15
ESS Mtdlan. 5 Ill) 3 12 11 22 53 6 Conley 5-2 2
I
ndex.
Horse.
Aire.
Weight I St.
I
I Benin*.
Op. Cl.
Urn.
%m.
14m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(442) St. Caslmlr. 3.
543 Olinthus, 4
561 Frank Cell.^.j
..101 3
..1(» 2
..113 1
2 I
- 3
ll_
2 2
3
18
1 b
3
22
1 ns Vlttlto* .
2 1 ]T. Walsh
3 |B. Jones.
5-2 9-3
8 8
1-2 1-2THE TAINT OF IMPERIALISM.
GENERAL OTIS' order forbidding any person
connected with the military or the civil ser
vice in the Philippines to accept gifts from
inferiors is an official notice of the development
among our officials in those islands of one of the
worst features of imperialism — that of accepting
bribes from the people of the subject race. A prac
tice which begins by the acceptance of money from
the conquered will soon become a practice of extort
ing money, and by swift steps will advance to an evil
of portentous magnitude.
In his order General Otis says of these alleged
cases of bribe-taking: "It is reported that passes are
obtained and transferred for a money consideration;
that compensation is made for transportation of per
sons and things on public conveyances or convey
ances controlled by the public to officials unauthor
ized to receive it and for their own benefit, and that
contributions are solicited, if not exacted, and at any
I rate received from subordinates for the purchase of
present to superiors."
It is to be noted that while the general speaks of
the acceptance of gifts or bribes as offenses not yet
The servant girl problem may find its solution in
Kansas City, for a movement has been started there
to found a $200,000 college to train young women in
the domestic arts. When a girl can graduate her way
into a kitchen by taking a diploma perhaps she will
take more interest in the profession and attend to its
duties better.
It is announced that even the chief civil service
examiner has been "slated" for his position by Mayor
Phelan. This is a suggestively familiar way in which
to inaugurate a great policy of reform. New San
Francisco is beginning to adopt suspiciously the
methods of the old.
A few days ago it was suggested that the Board of
Public Works ought to remodel the interior of the
City Hall. A few more scenes such as that enacted
in the Tax Collector's office would suggest the pro
priety, of making the building a fortress.
The fellow who tried to steal the Morgue wagon
as the last spoil of expiring authority must feel a cer
tain distinction of being the most unique spoilsman
in the history of local politics.
It is said that General Buller has his hands full.
The correspondents fail to add that the general can
conceive of no way in which to drop anything.
Carter Harrison refuses to be any longer the Aguin
aldo of the Democratic party of Chicago. At any
rate, he refuses to run for re-election,
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. . •
Note 81 Fourth street, 5c barber, grocer;
best eyeglasses, sp^cs, 10c to 40c •
can celebrate the close of the nineteenth
century whenever It is thought desirable
just as certain classes celebrate Christmas
day at one time and tho Greeks at an
other, or New Years day. observed at one
period by a large proportion of the> inhabi
tants of the world, at another by the
Grr-eks. at still another by the Hebrews
and yet another by the Chinese.
BACKGAMMON'— H. M. 8.. Butter
Creek. Cal. Any book dealer can procure
'or you a copy of "Hoyle on Games,'
which will give you all tho rules for play
ing tho game of backgammon.
toria to Grays Harbor for the breakwater , n
ln the latter place, but the appropriation ha
has given out, so until Congress puts more I re
money in the treasury the barges will ; be
carry lumber to this port. The Waukla- j rt
kum brought down 1,200.000 feet of lum- ar
ber, so tho venture should prove a re- y.
muneratlve one. i ho
The big tramp steamer Algoa will go i
alongside the Mail dock early this morn- I
Ing and the work of discharging her will I
begin at once. She has eight winches j
and can put out 2UM tons of freight a day. ,
so that there should be. no dlttlcuity in \
getting her inward cargo out and her out- j
ward cargo in by next Wednesday or j
Thursday. The Hongkong Maru will also i
to-day. She goes to th» Litter port !n
stead of Honolulu on account of tha
plague and will land the animals there
for a run. In a week or so they will be
tak*>n aboard again and a fresh start
made for Manila. The transport Tartar
Is loaded and will sail for Manila to-day.
On account of the plague In Honolulu the
Centennial has been released. She was
being got ready to carry a load of mules
to Manila, but will now be turned back
to her owners. The Missouri, the new
hospital ship, has reached Nagasaki with
2»">0 sick soldiers en route for San Fran
cisco. The Thomas, with Genera! Law
ton's remains aboard, is now" out six days
from Manila.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Priric*sj anil the Butterfly. *•
Or; beutn— Vaudeville.
OoiumLla— "The Christian."
T:voJl— "LSttl* 80-I'eep."
<!ntr.d Oi>era-houc?— "Sinbad."
Alcazar— "Mysterious Mr. Bugle."
Aibamtira— "Aa .'.'¦;.- oi Honor."
Chutes. Zoo tad Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveniti*.
Ulympta, corner Ma*r>n end EHI» rtreets — Spec'.altlea.
Western Turf A»?>cwiat:on— Races to-day.
SEIZURE ON THE HIGH S EAS.
OUR last war with Great Britain was fought on
our protest against her right to seize and
search the ships of a neutral on the high seas.
The war ended with the treaty of Ghent, in which its
cause was not referred to at all. The struggle went
against us on land, with the single exception of the
battle of New Orleans, which was fought after peace
was declared. On the water the honors were de
cidedly with us, and as between the two nations the
point was settled. We violated that tacit settlement,
however, by the search of a British ship and the
seizure of Mason and Slidell, the Confederate envoys,
during our Civil War. England at once denied our
right to search a neutral for contraband persons or
property, and Mr. Seward wisely conceded the point
and surrendered the two envoys to the British flag.
Since that time no case has arisen until now. Eng
land reverses herself in the Mason-Slidell case and
claims the very right which she denied to us. Her
seizure of German mail steamers at Aden and ap
proaching Delagoa Bay, on the theory that property
or passengers on board may enter belligerent terri
tory, is utterly insufferable from any view of interna
tional right. It is doing exactly what we whipped her
for in 1812, and it remains to be seen whether the rest
of the world, including our own Government, will
permit it.
Great Britain is also assuming the right to partially
blockade a neutral port by shutting the ships of neu
trals out of Delagoa Bay. She has seized three car
goes of American flour, in neutral bottoms, on their
way to that neutral port, assigning as her excuse that
the flour may reach the Boers. When the wheat was
growing in the field of Dakota there was the same
possibility that it would reach the Boers, and she had
just as much right to send an army over the Canadian
border to burn it in the stack as to confiscate it in
neutral bottoms en route to a neutral port.
An unavoidable duty is put upon our Government
by these events. It is not only to demand payment
for the property of our citizens, scired piratically, but
to join the other nations in a protest against this
British bullying of neutrals, and if she refuse to de
sist declare war upon her, as Madison and our Con
gress did in 1812 and for the same cause exact!}'.
It is true that the Spanish war and its collateral
effects have given us a small taste of the sweets of
pillage and piracy, but the intoxication is far from
affecting the majority of our people, whose pa
triotic inter* st it is to resent and resist the intoler
able pretensions of Great Britain.
Under the rule she is attempting to establish by
• the acts' at Aden and Delagoa Bay all she has to do
I is to provoke a war with some weak country and then
! piratically loot the commerce of the neutral world on
the high seas. Such a policy makes Captain Kidd's
memory respectable, and, while piracy is a crime
visited by the death penalty in the individual, puts it
among the virtues when committed by a nation.
It i« well for France, Russia, Germany and Austria
to know that the people of the United States will not
; permit their Government to even negatively sup
port this British piracy. And it will be well for our
I Government to know that there are serious accidents
i ahead for American public men who go back on the
i cause for which we fought in 1812.
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 10, iooo
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Actress Aii Ccmmuncations to 'A. S. LEAKE. Manager.
I't»LICATION OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. Y.
Telephone Main IMS-.
nJIiOIIHI, noOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Slnln 1574.
Delivered l»y Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mnulf Coition, 5 Centn.
Term* l>> Mail. 1 nrlutllnK I'ontaße:
DAILY CALL < i rn-litilinc >»niiclay>, one year. .90.00
DAILY CALL (Including $midn>), ft months. . :t.o<>
DAILY CALL < i ti « lv.l inu Sundn> 1, a month*. . IJOO
DAILY CALL — By Blade Month <>5o
MMJAV CALL One \eir IJUt
tt'EEKXY CALL Our Year 1.00
All poitmailen nre authorlred to receive
*ut>N<*riptfunM.
Sample cople* will be fortrarded when reanested
OAKLAND OFFICE ©OS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Mnnogrr Foreign Ad v«-rttxiii|f. Marqnette llnUil
lntr. Ctiirug".
BTEW YORK. CORRESPOSDESTI
C. C. CAULTO-N Herald Square
SEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE 1
<ri:UUY LIKENS JR i.".» Tribune Ualldlnjt
CHICAGO SEWS STAXDSi
Sherman IIotik«-j V. O. New* Co.t Urrnt North
*ru Iloteli 1 1. 1:10111 11.. ii-.-; Auditorium Hotel.
SEW YORK STEWS STAXDSi
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel j A. Hrentano. 31 Union
Cauare; Mum.i Hilt Hotel.
,WASHI\GTOX <D. C> OFFlCE.. Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
itRAXCn OFFICE-* — 527 Monta-ornery, corner of
Clay, open until :i::t'» o'rlork. :»«• Hayes,
open til til Dt3O o'clock. <;.".:• McAHinter. open
nntll !..:•.<> o'clock. Ul5 Lurkin. open until
:•:::<• o'clock. nil Mi*«i«in. open nntll JO
o'clock. 22*>1 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until :< o'clock. !<>:»<( Valencia, open nntll U
o'clock. I(H> Eleventh, open nntil O o'clock.
XW. corner Ttvcnty-secoud and Kentucky,
«>|i. 11 on til :• o'clock.
HINDOSTAN IS
LEAKING LIKE
AN OLD SIEVE
Her Lumber Cargo
Will Be Discharged.
SEALERS ARE DOING WELL
GOOD CATCHES BEnra MADE
/ ALONG THE COAST.
»
Quarantined Vessels Have Been Re
leased — Two More Transports
to Sail To-Day — Centen
nial Released.
The Chilean ship Hindostan, which put
in here In distress last Monday, will prob- i
ably have to discharge and go on the I
drydock. She was caught in a heavy
southeaster soon after leaving Puget
Sound and was badly strained. The
water began to pour In and the crew
was called to the pumps. Steam was got
on the donkey boiler, the windmill was
put In working order and a constant
stream of water was kept pouring over
the sides. As fast aa the water was
pumped out, however, the faster It came
in through the open seams. Finding that
the leak was beyond his control, Captain
Walsh decided to put into San Francisco.
The Hindostan was on her way -from
Puget Sound to Valparaiso with a load
of lumber.
An examination of the Hindostan was
made yesterday by the underwriters.
Even as she lies off Clay street wharf
ivrrKCELIiAKgOUS.
I A beautiful Davenport sofa during the day o
1 AND A BED AT NIGHT. J
I The Davenport Sofa Bed. I
S a PIECE OF FURNITURE g
S fibttti., ?. tiLVC**«* A that represents the acme of O
0 style, comfort and luxury, and is g
§ ifllmT^UwW much more comfortable than a o
% © furniture at much less cost. We ©
0 have them in solid mahogany and o
% other woods, elegantly carved, the most modern shapes; coy- o
© ered with English tapestry anJ velours. A Davenport adds &
* beauty to any room in the home. ©
© We roake a" articles of Furniture to order and your wants J
2 may be supplied bere better than In any &/%'} j (MCA *
S place we Know of. Prices of Daven- |W^ JQ Aid" ©
2 ports range from ©
«* O
q If you have a room to furnish or a floor to cover it will pay *
© you to visit Pattosien's big home store in the Mission, and we •
1 will be glad to show you through our immense establishment — q
D whether^you wish to buy or not. Will you come? ©
S MMBPBIIA r °
I 8 ft 1 I UiJmLmh W 16th and Mission Sts. %
I ""* o
5 FILLMORE STREET CARS I A
ft MISSION* STREET CARS PASS OUR DOOR. J=J
§ YELLOW KBAUXY STREET CARS I W
le6ooaceo»gaeoooQOQo®aocoooo300oe90Coa©ooooos
the men have to keep the pumps going
all the time to prevent the ship from be
coming waterlogged. At first it was
thought that by discharging the deckload
the vessel would be lightened enough to
reach the leak, but as soon as the Board
of Survey got through It was decided to
discharge the entire cargo and dock the
vessel.
The Hindostan Is one of the old timers,
having been built in Nova Scotia in 1874.
She is still a good, stout ship, but during
the heavy weather her seams must all
have opened up and she will now have
to be recalked throughout before she can
proceed.
The sealing fleet has made a good start
having taken more skins at this time
than the crew of the Geneva had at the
same time last year. During that season
the Geneva took nearly 1500 skins on the
coast. _ .
The captains and white crews of the
sealers wish to thank Captain Jepson of
the steamer Queen and Captain Mcln
tyre of the collier Bristol for newspapers
received. On the way up and down the
coast both masters* go out of their way
to drop a coal oil can full of newspapers
overboard so that they can be picked up
by the sealers.
The schooner barge Wauklakum arrived
from the Columbia River yesterday In tow
of the tug Sampson. She and two other
barges have been carrying rock from As-
come out of quarantine to-day, while tna
bark Albert will probably be released to
morrow.
The old-new Hartford's anchors were
hove up short yesterday afternoon ami
the warship will go to «ea to
day. If on a four hours' run everything
proves satisfactory she will start on her
voyage to New York. If there should b.i
any defect found, then she will comn
back for an overhauling. The vessel \s
coaled and provisioned for a run to Val
paraiso, and when she goes out through
the heads to-day It may be many a long
day before she la seen again In San Fran
cisco Bay.
The transport Aztec took aboard a load
of mules yesterday and will sail for Hilo
Luxuriant hair with Its youthful color assured
by using Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercoras. the best cur* for corns. 16 eta.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO^-Take advantage
of th« round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at ho-
tel; longer stay, 13 00 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Fashionable audiences at the Metropolitan Opera
house, New York, arc suffering more this season
from the fleas than ever before. The management
lays the bhme on the pet dog show of last fall.
Friends of the dog say that the fleas came over with
the Milanese chorus supporting Calve. The audiences
can take their choice.
The Fastest Train Across the Conti-
nent.
The California Limited. Santa Fe Route. Con-
necting train leaves S p. m., Monday, Wednes-
day, Friday and Saturday. Finest " equipped
train and best track of any line to th« East.
Ticket office. e:s Market street.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been u»«d for fifty years by millions of
mothers for, their children while Teething: with
perfect sucrosa. It soothes the child, softens
th« gums, allays pain, cures Wlnd_ Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and It the best' remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
WlnsloWs Soothing Syrup, 2So a, bottl*.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
Bleeping car« via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chlcaeo and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 62S Market street.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MUST PAY A LICENSE— A. S.. City.
There is an ordinance of the Board of Su
pervisors In San Francisco that requires
clairvoyants, astrologers and seers to pay
a quarterly license of $10.
A LEGAL HOLIDAY— A. S., City. In
the State of California Christmas and New
Year's day are legal holidays and when
such fall on Sunday, then the legal holi
day Is on the Monday following.
PROMISSORY NOTE— W. H. S., Mll
foid, Lassen County, Cal. If a promissory
note had been given on the first day Anno
Domini to run 1900 years it would become
due at the close of the current year.
THE ¦ GREAT EASTERN-J. R. N..
City. It was Intended at one time to run
the Great Eastern In the trade between
England and Australia, but the vessel
never went to that part of the world.
WHO WROTE IT— A correspondent
from Mountain View is anxious to know
who wrote:
Let us take to our hearts a lesson.
No lesson can braver be.
From the ways of the tapestry weavers
On the other side of the sea.
SHARKEY AND FITZ-J. R. N City
The reports of the fight at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion on the 2d of December, ISf€,
show that in the fourth round "Sharkey
landed ripht and left on body, and knocks
Fttzsimrnons down with a left-hand blow
QWW.^ I" l^ flfth r ° Und F ll2 hltS
Sharke> twice in his corner, and Sharkey
goes through the ropes to the floor."
CELEBRATION— M. M.. City. This la
a free country, and any individual or class
Changes in Bailiffs.
Owing to the assignment of Serjeant
Duncan to be on duty at police headquar-
ters. Policeman Floyd was detailed yes-
terday to act aa ono of the bailiffs In
Judge Fritz's court. Policeman J. C. Lahs
was assigned as one of the bailiffs In
Judge Conlan's court, instead of Police-
man Owens.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How easy it is for young
girls to go into the "decline."
They eat less and less, become
paler and paler and can
harldy drag through the day.
They are on the steady down-
ward course. Iron does them
no good; strychnine and bit-
ters all fail. They need a food
that will nourish them better,
and a medicine that will cor-
rect their disease.
Scott's Emulsion
Is both of these, elegantly and per-
manently combined. The Cod-Liver
OH maXes the blood richer, and
this gives better color to the face.
The hypophosphltw of lime and
soda act as a strong tonic to the
nerves. Soon the weight increases,
the digestion improves and health
returns.
o^^jl 1 all dracrists ; 53c. and Jioo.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Ch«ai>t». New Tack.
Townsend's famous broken candy 10c
pound while at 735 Market street. •
SPLENDID HOLIDAY EDITIONS
Los Angeles Capital.
Of all the big grist of "special Christ
mas numbers" issued by scores and even
hundreds of newspapers and magazines
which come to the Capital's exchange
desk, none have seemed to me more
marked by originality of treatment and
lavirhness of execution than the holiday
editions of the San Franclaco Call, gut
out by A. J. Moore, a newspaper man
well known to the local fraternity. Both
the Christmas and New Year's Sunday
editions teemed with exquisite picture i,
fino letter press, ideas that sparkled with
the glint of newness and a thoroughness
of finish that showed the exceeding car«
that evidently entered into the make-up
of the numbers In question. To any one
who has struggled with the haunting
problem of "something new" In newspa
per making there Is cause for much won
der at the excess of new things and pood
things provided In Moore's Sunday sup
plements of the days mentioned.
Death of Mate Taylor.
William Taylor, second mate on the
American ship E. B. Sutton, died in the
Sailors* Home yesterday morning. Autop
sy Surgeon Iceland reported death to be
due to tuberculosis. Taylor had been very
sick since the vessel had rounded Cape
Horn In a violent storm.
Chilean Ship Hindostan That Put in Here in Distress.
on the coast. Skins are now worth about
J25 each, so the nows will be hailed with
delight by the British Columbia owners.
About forty schooners -will fit out at Vic
toria, B. C. t this year and nearly every
one of them will take an Indian crew.
The latter are cheap men, while the white
hunter usually demands and gets all that
the law allows. According to private ad
vices received by Donald Ross yesterday
the schooner Vera was spoken off Point
Arena on January 2 with 57 skins, the
Mary Taylor on December 28 with 23
skins, the Deana on December 26 with 33
skins and the City of San Diego on Jan
uary 7 with 75 skins. The latter vessel
has done remarkably well, the hunters
THE COLLAPSE OF POPULISM.
SEXATOR KYLE of South Dakota, who has
been classed in the Congressional Directory as
an "independent," and who in the past has
acted with the Populists, has now announced himself
as a straight-out Republican. He is quoted as
ing said recently: "Though I am a bimetallism and
have been so from conscientious convictions for
twenty-five years, I would rather take the most un
diluted gold standard than to accept bimetallism with
! the ingredients of radicnl socialism that are now asso
ciated with it."
The Senator's statement directs attention to the
trend of the free silver agitators toward something
like extreme, socialism. The fusion of Democracy
vith Populism resulted in producing a combination
which represents and- exaggerates the worst features
lof both. Conservative Democrats have long since re
pudiated the Bryan party which masquerades as
Democracy, and now the more intelligent of the
Populists and bimetallists are imitating their example.
In commenting upon the^ situation in his State the
Senator said: "It is probable that the socialists, the
! radical Populists and the radical Democrats will get
I together and operate under the name of the reform
i p::rty. In the election last fall there was no organized
Democratic party and no Democratic ticket. The
name was completely obliterated, and yet it was not
so very long ago that the Democrats cast 27,000 votes
in my State. This conglomerated party never can
win. The present Populist Governor was elected by
a bare majority of 300, although previously the Popu
lists had several thousand majority. In the last elec
tion the Republicans, without money and without a
I struggle, won by nearly 7000. In the Presidential
i campaign next year South Dakota will go for Me-
I Kinley by from 10,000 to 15,000. The socialistic ten
dencies of the third party people and the prosperity
which is being enjoyed by the South Dakota farmers
j have sounded the death knell of the old movement."
The situation in the country at large is not essen
! tially different from that in South Dakota. The an
| tagonism which the Republican party will have to
! meet this fall will be made up of radicals of all kinds —
j Democrats, Populists and socialists. It will be in no
i true sense a Democratic party, nor even a Populist
1 party. It will have no issue except that which the
socialists may furnish it, for it is now clear that qucs
j tions of tariff and finance are settled, and that it will
jbe impossible to make a partisan issue out of
! problems arising from trusts or imperialism. Bryan
ism will, in fact, represent nothing but discontent and
will have no leadership better than that of Bryan him
self, supported by Altgeld, Debs and other agitators
of that kind.
THE MAYOR'S MESSAGES
\A AIOR PIIELAN'S message is in the nature
/ \ of a running commentary on the new charter,
** *in the course of which he explains to the Su
pervisors what they can do and what they must leave
to others. It is long, and may be learned, but it is
rot lucid, ar.d it is doubtful if the Supervisors, whom
the Mayor appears to regard as a kindergarten class,
hare derived much benefit from it.
Concerning the powers vested in himself as chief
executive of the city Mr. Phelan says: "The Mayor
hat become the executive and administrator and is
responsible for the execution of the laws and for the
wise aad economical expenditure of public money
throt:ph various boards and commissions. The Com
missioners are responsible to him and he is respon
sible to the people. Therefore there should be loyal
co-operation between the two branches of the govern
ment and between the commissions and the Mayor.
The commissions have to express in their public ac
tions the policy for which the Mayor stands."
- a plain declaration that under the new char
ter t Mayor is the government and the Commis
*i<>:iers are appointed solely to carry out his policy.
Such pledges as he may have made in the campaign
nust be fulfilled by the Commissioners. The Mayor
ha* appointed them for that purpose. Thus, accord
ing to the Phelan construction of the charter, those
boards, of which the people have had such high ex
pectations, are not to be independent bodies sen-ing
the welfare of the municipality, but merely a lot of
subordinates serving the Mayor.
Such being the case, the office of District Attorney
becomes a very important office indeed, since upon
that official is imposed the duty of prosecuting of
fenders against the purity of elections law. He is the
only officer who can call the Mayor to account if his
"policy" &hould be found to embrace the disposal of
too many offices promised in violation of law dur
ing the campaign for the sake of getting votes.
There is nothing like making a test of all the powers
of the new government at the start, and the District
.Attorney, therefore, 1 should take note of the Mayor's
"office-distributing policy at once.
Among the defects of the charter the Mayor notes
•what he calls "slight disconnection between the duties
of the Supervisors and the duties of the Assessor,"
due to the fact that the Supervisors are required
to make the tax levy not later than the last Monday
In June, while the Assessor is required to turn over
his assessment roll to the Supervisors on the first
Monday in July. Thus the board in acting upon the
• tax levy will have no official information of what the
assessment for the year is gotog to be. That defect
the Mayor hopes to overcome by inducing the Asses
sor to make an "unofficial" statement of the approxi
mate assessment. It is an awkward method of doing
business, but perhaps it can be made to work until
an amendment can be effected.
The decision of the Supreme Court that the Board
of Health may appoint subordinates irrespective of
the appropriation for its maintenance, and that the
subordinates rrvst be paid out of the treasury, gives
to that, and by parity of reasoning to certain other
hoards, a power which the Mayor regard* as "illogical
and vicious." Nor is his view in that respect to be dis
putrd, for it is clear that if a board can at will under
take expenditures in excess of the appropriations
granted there will be very little chance for the en
forcement of economy.
An excellent point is made in the statement:
"There seems to be no authority under the charter to
fix telephone rates, and therefore it is the duty of the
board to see that the companies pay taxes in p-o
portion to the value of their property." The out
going board <!id what it could in that direction by
passing to print a resolution imposing taxes upon
telephone machines, and the new board should enact
the resolution without delay.
Of the closing suggestion of the Mayor that the
city should have a flag there will be much said as
soon as the work of designing one begins. If other
cities have a flag San Francisco should have one.
We have no design of our own to offer, but whatever
is accepted must be neat, not gaudy.
COMMERCIAL MUSEUMS.
PROFESSOR GEORGE DAVIDSON'S etate
ment concerning the work achieved by the
Commercial Museum in Philadelphia and the
advantages which a similar museum in San Francisco
would confer upon the merchants and manufacturers
of the Pacific Coast will have the effect of reviving
public interest in the subject, and, it is to be hoped,
will stimulate the efforts of those having in charge
the enterprise of providing such a museum.
What Professor Davidson says of the benefits
accruing from the Philadelphia museum confirm the
reports that have come to us from other sources.
That museum has but a short history, for it was de
veloped from gifts made to the city of Philadelphia
of exhibits of various countries at the Chicago ex
position in 1893, but it has become in that brief period
one of the most notable institutions in the United
States. It has attracted the attention of merchants
and manufacturers of the entire commercial world
and has correspondents in every important trade cen
ter on the globe.
After a careful study of the working of the Phila
delphia museum and a consideration of the needs of
commerce on the coast. Professor Davidson main
tains that such an institution in San Francisco is an
almost imperative requirement of the timj. He is
quoted as saying:
"It would be the broadest, easiest and, in reality,
the cheapest means of giving aid and information to
c\<ry industry in the Pacific States — information that
c«n be gotten in no other manner. There never was
a more opportune time in our Pacific Coast history
when so many influences conspire to make the realiza
tion of a great commerce possible. The acquisition
of new countries through the Pacific and the certain
development of the commerce of the United States
among them and the other tropical islands and in
the countries bordering on the southern and eastern
ccasts of Asia present unique conditions. In 1897
the traffic of the coasts of Asia and of Oceanica
amounted to $2,127,000,000, of which the United States
shared to the amount of only $149,000,000, or 7 per
cent."
It has been repeatedly stated that if a commercial
museum be established here the Philadelphia museum
will co-operate with it and will furnish out of its sur
plus of exhibits a nucleus around which to build up a
tine array of exhibits in this city. Such assurances
afford all the encouragement we ought to require.
They render certain the usefulness of the museum as
soon as it is opened, for the Philadelphia co-operation
means that patrons and members of the local museum
will have the advantage of whatever information can
be given by the managers and the correspondents of
the Philadelphia institution.
The time is propitious for undertaking the founda
tion of the museum and it should not be long delayed.
The competition for the trade of the Orient is close
and keen. We should not neglect anything which
will help us to gain trade there. Our rivals in Great
Britain, Germany and Russia have long been studying
the demands of that market and if we would compete
with them on even terms we must be equally studious.
Let us then provide our city with a museum in which
the producer, the manufacturer and the merchant may
learn what articles are in demand in various parts
of the world and where are the best markets for his
goods.
proven, and is careful to refer to them as "alleged"
cases and as "reports," yet he intimates that enough
evidence exists to support a moral conviction that
some of them at least are true. Thus he declares:
"The commanding general is constrained to the belief
that these reports, which are in the nature of general
complaints and do not relate to specific offenses, have
a more or less substantial foundation. The evil, cor
rupting and far-reaching in its effects, appears to have
reached a stage which "renders its suppression with a
strong hand imperative. Commanding officers, heads
of departments and others exercising control are di
rected to lend their best endeavors to this end. They
will be held responsible, each within his proper
sphere, that all reports and allegations of offenses of
this nature are probed to the bottom and when found
to be supported by evidence that offenders are
brought to justice."
That an American general should have to issue an
order of that kind thus early in the stage of our ex
periment in governing subject races is a warning to
which the people should give " due heed. Bribe
taking has been common enough in our political life,
but it has ever been the belief of all that the officers
of our army are above such corruption. This official
order, which carries with it the announcement that
in the Philippines the army itself is falling from the
high standard of honor with which it has been cred
ited, is more depressing than would have been a re
port of defeat on the field of battle. A check to our
arms we could easily overcome, but it is a sad day
for the republic when a command from headquarters
is needed to warn civil and military officers on duty
among the subject people that the acceptance of
bribes or gifts from those whom they are appointed
to govern is not to be tolerated.
We have here one of the first proofs of the cor
rupting power ofimperialism. If the military admin
istration in the Philippines has been already tainted
by bribe-taking, what can we expect of any civil
administration we may establish there? The order of
General Otis will open the eyes of a great many peo
ple who have been willing to make the leap into im
perialism without looking ahead. It is significant
of what is likely to happen if we undertake a perma
nent government of millions of people of subject
races.
THE SAN FIIAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY ¦ 10, 1900.
6necessary first to draw horizontal and
vertical lines. Be careful not to blot the
center of the large circle. The corre
sponding divisions should bs of uniform
size.
2. Bisect a given arc AB by a straight
line. Draw a complete circle part in out
line as shown In the figure. With centers
A and B draw the arcs cutting each other
in C and D. Join CD. Then the point P
where CD crosses the arc AB. will be the
center of the arc. In dolnj; this exercise
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
Note— This course, confined as it will be to six
lessons, cannot do more than present the funda
mental principles of "flat" drawing and help
beginners to become accustomed to the use of
the ordinary drawing Instruments. Even the
merest rudiments should be of large service to
young men engaged in the mechanical trades
where working drawings are constantly needed.
IV. EASY MECHANICAL DRAW
ING.
Lesson No. 2.
This lesson introduces the compass and
is devoted largely to exercises affording
practice in making circles.
All construction lines should be dotted
in ink. and other lines drawn plain. In
copying geometrical patterns, lines used
in construction may be rubbed out. only
the final result being inked in. Before
ffrawing a line or circle ascertain that
the pen Is in working order, and be cer
tain of the exact points at which the line
is to start and finish. One of the most
Bradford, Rear Admiral Endicott, Rear
Admiral George W. Melville, Rear Ad
miral Philip Hichborn, Rear Admiral A.
C Crowinshield, Paymaster General A. S.
Kenncy of the navy and Surgeon General
W. K. Van Reypen of the navy. Others
present were Captain Lamberton of the
navy nnd Mrs. Lamberton, Captain Clark
(who commanded tho Oregon at Santiago),
Mrs. Washington McLean, Mrs. Ludlow,
Miss Higglns (niece of Senator Depew)
and Princess Lwuuff, the Hungarian art-
Senator Depew acted as spokesman. In
accepting the tribute Admiral Dewey
thanked Senator Depew for his gracious
words and said that he was overpowered
by this new proof of the gratitude of his
countrymen. To him the most pleasant
thing about It. and one that would make
him cherish it all the more, was the fact
that the children of the country were so
largely represented in the giving. The
gratitude of the little ones, he said,
pleased him immensely, and he spoke
feelingly of the way they surround him
on the "street and lisp out their pretty
little compliments.
At the conclusion of Admiral Dewey s
remarks the healths of those who gave
were drunk.
Native Sons Install.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 9.— The following
officers of Mount Tamalpais Parlor. N. S.
G. W., were installed last night for the
ensuing year: President, Emmett J. Hay
den; first vice president, Charles M. Duf
ficey; second vice president. E. J. Cornell;
third vice president, D. J. Haley; financial
secretary. George Murray; recording sec
retary, w. F. Magee: marshal, Stephen
Richardson; trustee, John A. Saunders
The installation was followed by a ban
quet.
GIUSEPPE VERDI, THE WORLD'S COMPOSER.
T his home in Milan, Giuseppe Verdi, the grand old musician, is lying
jj \\ seriously ill. Private dispatches received in this city yesterday stated
jj \ that the master is suffering from a severe attack of pneumonia, and
his advanced age makes his condition alarming. Verdi is alone in his
last hours. Friends by the score come to inquire as to his condition, and all
the notables of his country, even including his King and Queen, send daily
to hear the latest bulletins from the sickroom. But there is no kin to soothe
the old man's last hours. The only one at his bedside is his friend of many
years, Boito, the famous composer.
On the 13th of October Verdi celebrated his eighty-sixth birthday, and
the anniversary was universally observed in all musical centers. Verdi is
immensely wealthy, and it is understood that at his death all his vast fortune
will go to charities. The Home for Artists established by the celebrated com
poser in Milan will of course have a large share of it.
A fraudulent receiver could, for In
stance, write "seventy" before the word
"nine" and "7" before the figure "9," and
in this way raise the check from $'J to $79,
or he could change the "nine" to "ninety"
and the $y to $90. If this were done and
the check cashed the maker, and not the
bank, would become responsible for the
loss. You cannot hold the bank respon
sible for your carelessnesss. It is wise to
draw a running line ¦».-...-^^^. after the
amount in words, thus preventing any ad
ditional writing. The signature should be
in your usual style familiar to the paying
teller. See that your check has a 2-cent
revenue stamp attached. The writer of
Verdi Is Lying Seriously 111 of Pneumonia
in mic Mian Wnmo
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS— MONEY AFFAIRS
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
V. PERSONAL ACCOUNTS AND
MONEY AFFAIRS.
(Continued.)
The Sank Account.
Girls should have a knowledge of the
routine of a bank account even though
they have not two shillings to rub to
gether. It isn't convenient to take cook
ing lessons while the family is waiting
for dinner, neither is it. wise to delay the
collection of a check while one takes a
course of study in banking. There are
certain fundamental things which girls
and boys should know, and these should
be studied without reference to their fu
ture usefulness; they are bound to be
needed some time, and usually they are
most needed when least expected.
Banks provide a place for the safe-keep
ing of money and securities, and they
make the payment of bills much more
convenient than if currency instead of
checks were the more largely used. But
the great advantage of a banking institu
tion to business men la the opportunity
it affords them of borrowing money, of
securing the cash for the carrying on of
their business, while their own capital is
locked up in merchandise or in the hands
of their debtors. Another and important
advantage is to be found in the facilities
afforded by banks for the collection of
checks, notes and drafts.
When you enter a bank to open an ac
count inquire for the cashier, and. If con
venient, take with you some one who can
introduce you and identify you as the per
son you profess to be. If you go alone
do not feel hurt if a number of questions
are asked you. While you may be per
fectly honest, a large number of people
make their living by being sharp, and be
sides, it is necessary to establish those
confidential relations which ought to exist
in all financial transactions, so that the
cashier may know something more about
you than he could ascertain by merely
looking at you and taking your name.
The cashier will have you place your sig
nature in a book or on a card. Your
name as written should be the same in
style as you Intend to place on your
checks. Your signature should be suf
ficiently characteristic to be recognised
always* as yours. If necessary the cash
ier or some officer of the bank will show
you how to make out a deposit slip. He
will give you also a small bank book, in
which you will be credited with the
amount of money which you deposit. Each
time you deposit money you will be re
quired to make out a deposit slip. The
banks furnish the printed forms free.
Under the word checks on the blank you
write the names of the banks upon which
the checks, if any, which you are de
positing are drawn. If a check is on a
distant city the name of the city should
be given. Your bank book Is in reality
only your receipt from the bank for the
money you deposit. When you deposit
money hand it to the receiving teller, and
when you wish to draw money present
your check to the paying teller. When
you wish to have your bank book bal
anced hand it to the receiving teller or to
such officer as he may designate. This is
usually done on the first of each month.
The paid or canceled checks are given
you in a day or two. when your bank book
is returned." These should all be filed in
an orderly way. They serve as vouchers
and may be useful in legal complications.
Drawing a Check.
A check is an order for money, drawn
by one who has funds in the bank, pay
able on demand. It is In reality a sight
draft on the bank. Banks provide blank
checks for their customers, and it is a
very simple matter to fill them out prop
erly. In writing in the amount begin
at the extreme left of the line. The Illus
tration given here is taken from a check
which could be easily "raised:"
Note — These studies will be continued
next week.
the check Is supposed to place the stamp
upon it and to cancel it by writing tha
date across the face. Banks sell check
books containing checks with the- Govern
ment stamps printed on the face. A
check is a draft or order on a bank and
need not necessarily be written in the pre
scribed form. Such an order written on a
sheet of note paper with a lead pencil
might be in every way a legally good,
check. Usually checks should bo
drawn "to order." The words "pay to
the order of John Brown" mean that tha
money is to be paid to John Brown or to
any person he orders it paid to. If a
check is drawn "pay to bearer" any per
son that Is the bearer can collect It. The
paying teller may ask the person cashing
the check to write his name on the back
simply to have It for reference. In writ
ing and signing checks use good black ink
and let the copy dry a little before a blot
ter is used.
You Must Be Identified.
The banks of this country make it a nilo
not to cash a check that is drawn payaWf*
to order, unless the person presenting tha
check is known at the bank or unless iio
satisfies the paying teller that he is really
the person to whom the money is to bo
paid. It must be remembered, however.that
a check drawn to order and then indor::orl
In blank by tne payee (the person to wh m
it is to be paidt is really payable to bear
er, and if the paying teller is satisfied that
the payee's signature la genuine he will
not likely hesitate to cash the check. In
England all checks apparently properly
indorsed are paid without identification.
In drawing a check in favor of a person
not likely to be well known in banking
circles write his address or his business
after his name on the face of the check.
For instance, if you would send a check t >
John Smith. Boston, it might possibly fail
Into the hands of the wrong John Smith:
but if you write the check in favor of
"John Smith. 849 Tremont Btreet. Boston."
it is more than likely that the right per
son will collect it. If you wish to get a
check cashed where you are unknown,
and it is not convenient for a friend who
has an account at the bank to go with
you for the purpose of identification, ask
him to place his signature on the back of
your check, and you will not likely hav-A
trouble in getting it cashed. By placing
his signature on the back of the check ht»
guarantees the bank against loss. A ban 1 ?
is responsible for the signatures of Its de
positors, but it cannot be supposed to>
know the signatures of indorsers. Th<9
reliable Identifier is in reality the persoa
who is responsible.
Indorsing Checks.
In indorsing checks note the following
points: 1. Write across the back, not
lengthwise. 2. If your indorsement 19 the
first write it an inch or two from the
ton of tht» back: if it is not the first in
dorsement, write immediately under th*
last indorsement. 3. Don't Indorse wronir
end up; the top of the back ia the left end
of the face. 4. Write your name as you
are accustomed to write it, no matter how
it is written on the face. 5. If you wish
to make the check payable to some partic
ular person by indorsing 1 , write "Pay to
(name) or order," and under this write
your own name aa you are accustomed to
sign it. 6. Do not carry around indorsed
checks loosely; such checks are payable
to bearer and may be collected by any
one. 7. If you receive a check which has
been transferred to you by a blank in
dorsement, and you wish to hold It a day
or two, write over the indorsement th*
words. "Pay to the order of (yourself).'"
This is allowable legally. The check can
not then be collected until you indorse it.
8. An authorized stamped indorsement is
as good as a written one. Whether such
indorsements are accepted or not depends
upon the regulations of the clearing-hous*
in the particular city in which they are
offered for deposit. 9. If you ar» Indors
ing for a company or society or corpora
tion, write first the name of the company
and then your own name, followed by the
word "Treas." 10. If you have power of
attorney to indorse for some particula"
person, write his name, followed by your
own, followed by the word "Attorney" or
"Atty.," as it is usually written. 11. -write
your check payable to the order of some
person, but don't write "Pay to the. order
of Charles Brown A Co, for subscription
to Ledger for 1900." Such Information on
a paid check may serve some purpose of
yours, but it is not good business. De
scriptive and qualifying matter is quite
proper in the letter accompanying thf»
check, and if the letter has been copied
it Is Just as legally valuable. 12. Do not
write any unnecessary information on the
back of your check. A story is told of a
woman who received a check from her hus
band and when cashing it wrote "your
loving wife" above her name on the back.
The friends of tho Old Government
Whisky are never drunkard* •
arid B draw the two arcs which cut In C:
now draw CD. The line CD will bisect th»
ansle ADB. Return now to the triangle
and bisect the angles B and C. The bi
sectors meet in D, which is the center ot
the required circle.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Farii. J. EBPIC ; Ntw York, S. FODGEBA ft 00.
BOLD BY ALL DKUGQJU>T&
CHUTES AND_ZOO.LT^n rr g noon
ELLA BURT, Coasting the Chutes; THE CO-
LUMBIAN FOUR, Musical Artists.
MAJOR KITE, the Smallest Actor on Eirth.
AND A SPLENDID PROGRAMME.
To-morrow, THURSDAY, AMATEUR NIGHT.
Li Hung Chang's Chinese Amateurs
In Rag- Time Specialties.
Pbona for Seat PARK 23
AMUSEMENTS.
EVKRY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Madeline Lucelle Ryley'a Legitimate Comedy
Drama,
SPECIAL SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
Next Weok— LADY WIXDERMERETS FAN.
American Debut of MAY BLAYNKY.
i MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). JAN.' 10.
Farquet. 25c, any wat; balcony, lCic; children,
10c, any part.
The Hisrh-water Mark of Veudevllle.
" THE ELINORE SISTEHS,
In Gforee M. Cohan's Greatest Hit, "DAN-
GEROUS MRS. DELANEY."
FRANK LATONA, The Musical Tramp.
CHARLES A. GARDNER. JOHN and NEL-
LIE MacARTHEY. HILLY RICE and H. W.
KRILLMAX. THE ROZINOS, DOROTHY
DKEW. THORXE and CARLETON.
Last Wefk of the Reigning Favorite,
FOUGERE
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TEL. MAIN 532.
LAPT WEEK OF THE GREATEST EX-
TRAVAGANZA PRODUCTION EVER WIT-
NESSED IN THIS CITY.
....SINBAD....
NEXT WEEK— First Time In San Francisco
of. Delllncer's Famous Comic Opera.
"DON CAESAR_OF IRON."
PRICES 25c, 50c. 75c.
Galleries 10c and 15c.
Good reserved seat In orchestra at Saturday
Matinee. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
OLYMPIA c^kfSo*
The only fire vaudeville show in the city.
First appearance of the Great
ZiOYARRA. *
America's Greatest Globe Artlit.
MISS OLLIE AND~m£ BERT LA MONT,
Society Acrobatn_and Equilibrists.
CAD WILSON,
The Nugget-decked Boubrette.
AND A HOST OF VAUDEVILLE STARS.
: A jlO.Ofio belt and chatelaine, belong-":
: Ing to Cad WHion, and built of nuggets :
: dug by her from the rivers of the :
: Klondike, can be seen In the show win- :
: dows of Baldwin Jewelry Store, 844-846 :
: Market street. :
ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIQAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING, Jan. 1-20, 1900, Inclusive.
Six high-class running races every week day,
rain or Bhlre, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The M<?al winter racetrack of America. Pa-
tron* t=tep directly from the railroad cars into
a superb grand etand, glass-enclosed, where
comfortably housed In bad weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Towneeml streets at
9:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m., and U:l5, 12:35, 12:50
and 1:25 p. m.. returning Immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Rear cars reserved for
women and their escorts. No smoking. Valen-
cia street 10 minutea later.
San Jose and way stations. Arrive at Ban
Brono at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 v. m.
Rates: San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track, $1 25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. XL GREEN, Secretary and Manager.
9©o©o©©e©©9©©o®o©o©©ooooeo©oeo©o©oo©o©eo©o©©(
& <
• • <
| OF OXJK, 1
I PEREMPTORY MONEY- !
| RAISING SALE! j
1 SPECIAL BARGAINS TO BE OFFERED TO-MORROW j |
20 pieces CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, 5 and 6 inches, assorted patterns; <
jj reduced from 15c to lOc per yard. J (
5 30 pieces ASSORTED LACES, Including Black, Cream and White J
• CHANTILL.Y, White and Butter ORIENTAL and NORMANDY VA- J
• LENCIENNES, 5 and 6 inches; regular prices 35c to 60c per yard; the J
*f entire lot will be sold at ll»e per yard. j
9 2DO LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, handsomely trimmed; <
9 splendid value; reduced . from $1.75, $2 and $2.50 to $1.25, # 1 .."SO (
5 and #J.7r» each. • :'|
• 33 LADIES' ALL-WOOL PLAID .DRESS SKIRTS, well lined and J
r bound; reduced from $4.50 to $2.00 each. t
• A SPECIAL LOT of BLACK CHEVIOTS, CREPONS, ALPACAS and <
% SERGES at a sweeping reduction in price. ;<
\ A SPECIAL LOT OF MEN'S TENNIS FLANNEL NIGHTSHIRTS, |
t) made extra heavy, deep yokes, good heavy material; reduced to 45c <
• each. . i
9 ' : ;^
Q iFIF Murphy Building, y ij
® Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts. I
9 i
difficult places to avoid overdrawing is
where a line and arc meet, or two area
combine to form a curve; It Is beat to
place a dot where they appear to meet in
the pencil stage ard ink up to the dot.
Tndia ink dries nearly as fast as it is put
on. To avoid the chance of blotting,
however, it is well to ink in figures from
above downward, and from right to left.
If the pen stops marking it may often be
restarted by drawing two or three lines
on a piece of soft chamois leather; if this
falls it should be thoroughly cleaned.
Exercises.
1. Draw the larger circle ABCD with a
diameter of 3 inches. Draw the five inner
circles as shown In the figure, it will bo
of which shall be 3 Inches. Take a line
AB 3 Inches Ions:. Draw the dotted arcs
to find the point G so that AG, GB and
AB are each of the same length. With
Oas a center draw the large circle. Now
ASTUSEIKEMTS.
CALFFORNiITH£4TERIb;r
VF <^ rts
lA/AS FMG-rureet
NO OTHER PINERO COMEDY EVER
LIKE IT.
The PRINCESS and THE BUTTERFLY
Make* aa Emphatic Hit as Presented by the
...FRAWLEY COMPANi...
"Those Who Lcie Deep Never Grow Old."
OSH.T MATINEE SATURDAY.
OUR ITiPT'LAIi PRlCKS— Evening. 73, 50, 23.
Matinee, DC, 25.
N*-xt Punrlay Nijrht. Jan. llth— '"THE COT'N'-
TEFS GUCKI." Mnry Van Burcn in Ada
P. f nan's Famout P.ole.
CALIFORNIA THEATER, "•££"
THE MUSICAL
BRILLIANT EVENT
OF THE YEAR.
THIS wriiNEPDAY AFTERNOON, at half-
I«i« Two ''•'lo'-k.
THE PEERLESS DITA.
Mme. EMMA NEVADA
An 3 AFsißting Artiste.
MR. tOCTB IJI.UMEXHERO, Celliet.
MR. FELIiEX PKATT, Pianist.
Entire Chanf of Programme.
NEXT CONCERT. FRIDAY AFTERNOON,
AT 2:3n O'CIXKTK.
Entlr* Chnr.r*" of Projramme.
BEATS— tU **. ? 2 -
LAST 4 NIGHTS!
FAREWELL MATINEE SATURDAY.
LIEBLER ft CO. Pr-rent
Hall Calne's Most Powerful Play,
"THE CHRISTIAN."
Final Xlffht, Saturday, January IS.
SEAT SALE OPENS TO-MORROW FOR
LOUIS KATHRTN CHARLES B.
JAMES, KIDDER, HANFORD
In the Mammoth Production of
"THE WINTER'S T«LE."
OPENINO NIGHT NEXT MONDAY.
? THE PEOPLES POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
itij tzti Joaet Bti. _ PHONE. SOUTH 770.
TO-iNTGrHT
MATINEE BATURDAT.
THE RENTZ-SANTLEY NOVcLTV
AND BURLcSQUfc COMPANY
AN AFFAIR 'OF HONOR !
POPULAR PRICES:
F-venir.g 15c. 25c, Sac. 50c anil 75c.
Matinee ...15c. 25c. 35c and 50C
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
THE P.AYS' HOWLINO SUCCESS,
"f\ HOT OLO TIME."
6EATS TO-MORROW* (THURSDAY).
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
FINAL PERFORM AXCES
of the Gorgeous Extravaganza,
LITTLE 80-PEEP
MATINEE FOR CHILDREN SATURDAY.
FPHCIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
Sumptuoue Production MONDAY, Jan. 15,
of Frank Daniels" Great Comic Opera.
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
Seat* Now on Sal* for Next Week.
POPULAR PRICES, 25e and 50c.
OUH TELEPHONE* BU6U 8.
MURDER NEARLY DONE
IN HIGHBINDER WAR
Trouble Among the Chinese in Marys
ville Breaks Out Afresh and
Shooting Commences.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 9.— A dastardly at
tempt at murder, a continuation of the
highbinder war, was made in the local
Chinatown this morning. While walking
along First street Men Chin, the keeper
of a restaurant and who has always borne
a good reputation, was fired upon three
times by a strange Chinaman, who stood
on an opposite corner.
One bullet went to fragments against a
brick wall and one of the splinters cut a
hole in Men Chin's blouse near the should
er, but inflicted no injury. A stray bullet
narrowly missed the head of a- lookout
for a gambling den.
Six Chinamen are in jail on suspicion,
but there is no evidence to connect any of
them with the shooting, though six white
residents witnessed it.
COLLECTOR MURDERED
BY A FARM EMPLOYE
Goes With a Constable to Foreclose
a Mortgage and Is Shot to
Death.
KANSAS CITT, Jan. 9.— Wood E. Mitch
ell, a collector for the J. H. North Furni
ture and Carpet Company, tried to fore
close a mortgage on some hogs on the
farm of C. D. French, near Grand View,
south of this city, to-day. Thomas West
lake, a hired hand, emptied the contents
of a shotgun into Mitchell's breast, killing
him instantly. Westlake had ordered
Mitchell to leave the farm, but the latter
refused, when Westlake procured a gun
and deliberately fired. Westlake surren
dered.
Mitchell was 27 years old, a law student
of wide acquaintance and a son of John
H. Mitchell of Hamilton, Mo. Mitchell
was accompanied to the farm by a con
stable.
Sentenced for Burglary.
STOCKTON, Jan. 9.— Joseph Mayetto
and Charles F. Homer, alias Thomas An
derson, were sentenced to-day to serve
one year and a year and two months re
spectively in San Quentin for burglary.
This will be Homer's second term. Both
pleaded guilty.
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
be very sure that every measurement is
exact. When later you attempt to make
working models from drawings drawn to
a scale you will find that an error of a
hundredth of an inch In the drawing may
destroy the usefulness of your model.
3. By means of circles describe a regu
lar hexagon cr six-sided figure, each sida
LOVING CUP GIVEN
TO ADMIRAL DEWEY
Seventy Thousand People, Largely
Children, Subscribed to the
Fund for the Token.
WASHINGTON*, Jan. 9.— The loving cup
of silver made of the melted dimes col
lected from over 70,000 American citizens,
the majority of whom were children, was
presented to Admiral Dewey to-day. The
cup stands nearly six feet in height and
is appropriately inscribed. At one side
was a large silverbound volume contain
ing the names of the contributors of the
dimes who had subscribed to the token.
The presentation committee consisted of
Senator Depew of New York, Senator Per
kins of California. General Nelson A.
Miles, Secretary Long of the navy. Rear
Admiral O'Neil, Rear Admiral It. R.
COMPROMISE OF
SWEIGERT HEIRS
Estate to Be Divided as
Was Willed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 9.— The heirs of the late
Adam Sweigert have compromised their
differences. Miss Carrie Sweigert, who
opposed the appointment of Jonathan
Sweigert as administrator of his father's
estate, has withdrawn her objection. In
the complaint filed a few days ago she
had alleged that Jonathan Sweigert, who
acted as agent of his father, has withheld
some $28,000 collected as rents of property
and some $70,000 received from the sale of
certain Kearny-street property in San
Francisco. }
When the case was called the deposition
of Jonathan Sweigert was filed. The dis
missal of the opposition was then moved
by Judge Slack. Judge Hyland granted it
and appointed Sweigert executor of the
estate without bonds. The deposition ex
plained in detail the transactions in ques
tion relative to the property.
The agreement between the heirs is said
to be that the estate shall be divided as
the lost deeds provided and that there
shall be an equal division of the $37,500
cash in bank; also that the civil suit
brought by Mrs. Schmoll against Jona
than Sweißert for $25,000 shall be dis
missed. Jonathan Sweigert evidently
holds the upper hand, and the opposition
hoirs were afraid that the defense fund
of $37,500 provided by the testator to pro
tect his will would stand in court. By the
terms of the will the estate is divided
equally between Jonathan Sweigert, Mrs.
Schmoll and the children of a deceased
son.
I Preparatory Notice
!...OF A...
It is customary at this season of the year for the jj
forge manufacturers of Underwear to dispose of all |
the samples that have been used by their traveling |
men in taking orders for fall and winter underwear. i
To form an idea of the amount of merchandise a
*ent out as samples by a combination representing j
fifteen of the largest knitting mills in the country, J
each one sending out twenty travelers ("some more) kg
throughout the different States and Territories of the H
Union, one has to take into account the different p
grades of goods, different styles and colors and va- Q
riety of prices. Such a collection, if placed together, H
9 would be sufficient to fill the largest store in the city ]
with samples. 1
I have been fortunate in securing from the agent 1
of the above combination TEX CASES of samples, |
consisting of Ladies' and Men's Underwear, in ail 1
wool, cotton and wool, and silk and wool; Vests and
Pants. Shirts and Drawers and Combination Suit.;.
We have been busily engaged for the past three days
I in marking and preparing this large purchase for sale,
ar.d will have them ready on
THURSDAY MORNING.
This is an excellent chance to buy fine Undenrear, B
i and so as to make the sale mpve rapidly prices WILL H
| BE ONE-THIRD LESS THAN regular. H
;j Miners, Motormen, gripmen, conductors and sea- M
| men in need of heavy underwear will find a large g
• stock to select from much cheaper than they have 13
been paying. g
Extra help has been engaged so as to give prompt Eg
! and efficient service. H
Sec display in large window to right of entrance. go
i \s^ \~J Jl>L SL 11^ a i
911-913 MARKET STREET. |
I PHONE SOUTH 280. |]
DEWEY SEEKS
PRIZE MONEY
Bounty for the Manila
-¦ ¦ ¦¦-¦
Victory.
ARGUMENT BEFORE COURT
CLAIMS SPANISH FLEET WAS
SUPEBIOR.
>
If Such Is True He Will Get More
Than if the Enemy Had Been
Inferior to His Com
mand.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— The claim of
Admiral Dewey and the officers and men
of his squadron for bounty arising out of
the destruction of Montejo's fleet in Ma
nila Bay was argued, before the Court of
Claims to-day. The Question at issue was
the total amount of the bounty to be paid.
The contention of the claimants was that
the force of the enemy was superior at
Manila Bay.
Mr. King, who opened for the claimants,
first explained how the amount of the
bounty upon the e;ght destroyed vessels
was i-alculaieu 1 . Tne report of Admiral
Montt-jo snowed that wnen he went to
riubig Hay just prior to tne battle lie hau
aboard live ships 1575 men, wnose reguiar
complement was by tne oilicial recoros
i)'M. The explanation was that it wus for
the purpose ot providing prize crews tor
the American vt-y^els wuen captured. As
a result of his calculations he ngureu that
there were 1914 men aboard tne vessels
destroy eu. Uhe bounty due Admiral
lJewey and his men, therefore, would be
or Ili'l.iW. according to whether
the force of tne enemy was superior or
inferior to Dewey's. There might be a
contention in determining the strength of
the enemy that the shore batteries and
submarine mines should be excluded, but
Mr. King argued that the whole of the
enemy's strength should be considered In
determining this question. In number or
vessels alone the Spaniards were supe
rior, while experts maintained that the
guns ashore were much superior In effi
ciency to those afloat, because their plat
forms were fixed. Mr. King then quoted
Admiral Dewey's opinion that the force
of the enemy in the engagement was su
perior. There ' were four elements— the
torpedo-boats, the warships, the shore
batteries and the submarine mines. Each
of these elements was a menace to the
success of Dewey's licet and as such
should be counted in passing on the rights
of the claimants. In support of this con
tention he cited the fact that in the claim
of Farragut for his victory "at New Or
leans the court took into account all ele
ments, forts and obstructions, as well as
naval force captured.
Assistant Attorney General Pratt in his
argument for the Government based it
entirely on the ground that the statute
expressly stipulated "vessels" and con
tained nothing as to "land batteries" in
offering bounties to our navy for destruc
tion of the enemy in battle. He contended
for a literal construction of the statute
and advanced the suggestion that the ar
gument as to the superiority of the Span
ish forces was theoretical, and that to
judge by the results it seemed to have
been demonstrated that effective supe
riority was all on the American side. He
added:
"In making this suggestion I of course
do not in the slightest attempt to discount
the daring and gallantry of our forces.
Neither commodore, officers nor men had
any right to believe nor did any one believe
otherwise than they were taking the most
perilous chances and going into the veri
table jaws of death. And if this case is
to be decided on the question purely of
the gallantry and heroism of our forces
I concede that they are entitled to the
larger bounty claimed, but it can hardly
be said that element is the only one to be
considered."
Ex-Secretary Herbert closed the case for
the claimants. In concluding he said:
"It does not seem to be necessary to
argue this question further, but 1 can
not think that this groat tribunal, one of
the most dignitied of American courts,
will for a moment lend itself to the task
of minimizing this great American vic
tory by dividing and separating and con
sidering piecemeal the guns, and forces
which took part in that engagement."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1900.
GRAND OLD MASTER'S
LIFE DESPAIRED OF
with your drawing compass cut off th«
eections and then draw the Joining lines.
4. Draw a circle in a triangle so that It
touches all three sides. To do this you
must first ki-ow how to bisect an angle.
Take the angle ADB. Draw the arc AB
from the center D. Then with centers A
t
7LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 59% 6 9%
Closing 6 9% 6 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 18 05 18 95
Closing 18 05 18 95
Flour —
Opening 23 90 25 00
Closing .' 23 90 24 SO
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes in available supplies, as
compared with tho last account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
**¦« Hocky Mountains, decrease. ll<-*, jyWyJ^
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Equitable Gu - S 12%
30 Giant Powder Con 93 25
100 Hana Plantation Co 7 75
60 Honokaa Sugar Co 3} 75
45 Market Street Railway 61 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 62%
$3000 Oceanic S S Bonds 103 75
250 Vlgorit Powder 3 12%
' Afternoon Session.
20 Contra Costa Water 74 12%
30 Contra Costa Water "4 00
10 Giant Powder Con 93 87%
10 Giant Powder Con 94 00
10 Giant Powder Con 94 12%
30 Paauhau Sugar Co 27 12%
60 Paauhau Sugar Co 27 00
23 Paauhau Sugar Co 26 87%
100 Hawaiian Cafnl & Sugar 87 00
10 Oakland Gas 43 00
30 S F Gas &. Electric Co 50 37%
10 S F Gas Electric Co 50 25
13 S V Water 92 12%
5S V Water 92 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
150 Burlington 1 00
400 Dominion '. 40
1000 Dominion 43
100 National .8 75
Afternoon Session.
200 Burlington 100
300 Dominion 40
ICOO Dominion 45
10 Home Oil 4 10
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board..
150 Barker Ranch 115
400 Century Oil Co 73
100 Anaconda Oil Co 170
100 Anaconda Oil Co 173
100 Yukon Crude Oil Co 1 60
100 Century Oil Co .* 73
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Caribou 1 05
100 Barker Ranch , 113
100 Century OH Co ' S3
100 Anaconda OH Co. 1 75
000 Anaconda Oil Co 170
OlL— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
73c; pure. $1 10; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
66c; raw, 64c: cases, 5c more: Lard OH, extra
winter strained, barrels. 69c; No. 1, 49c; cases,
6c more; China Nut. 60@63c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot OH. barrels, 60c: cases, 65c; Sperm,
pure, 60c; Whale Oil, natural white, 32% c: Pa
cific Rubber Mixed Paints, White and House
colors. $1 25@1 35 per gallon: wagon colors, $2@
2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. ETC. — Water
white Coal Oil. in bulk, 14c: Pearl Oil, in
cases -20c; Astral, 20c; Star, 20c: Extra Star
Oil,- 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene, 22c: Deodorized
Gasoline, In bulk, lfic: do, cases, 22c; Benzine,
in bulk, 15% c: do, cases, 21% c: 86 degree Gaso
line, In bulk. 21c; cases, 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— Sixes, 16
oz, 20 sets, lie per set; sixes. 14 oz, 20 sets, 10c;
*i»«. w oa, ZQ acts. 9c; sixes, 10 oz, 20 sets.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.— The wheat market was
oversold to-day and dull most of the time.
Liverpool was weak and In sympathy. May
wheat here opened %c under yesterday's close.
The pit was entirely on the selling side and In
the liquidation ehorts Joined. May fell off to
67?s'aC7%c. and for a time the only demand was
against puts. A rumor that a British cruiser
had fired on a Dutch ship was all that was
needed to frighten shorts. The buying thun
Inaugurated quickly developed the fact that the
market had been oversold. May ad
vanced to 67T4C, when the advance
wa< checked momentarily by the an
nouncement of the liberal Increase in the visi
ble, when a decrease had been expected. The
market only lost %c on this, then resuming Its
upward Journey, the close was strong, with
May «fee over yesterday.
Corn was steady, though rather quiet. The
Influence of wheat was for a time depressing,
but with the rally In that market and the ad
ditional support of a fair demand and light
Western orTerlnes-, the market advanced and
closed at the top. Wet weather also had a
steady effect. May closed %c up.
The oats market was quiet, but firm, steadied
In the face of the wheat weakness by liberal
clearances recently and a fair export demand.
Speculative business was small. May closed
%c over yesterday.
Provisions opened with a show of steadiness
In the face of liberal hog receipts, but later
succumbed to the liquidation— much of It profit
taking—some in sympathy with the weakness
of wheat early. The market held steady for
come time, as the demand was good and offer-
Ings were not heavy. But the receipts and the
disposition to take profits told later and the
market declined, with final figures at the bot
tom. May pork closed 15c down. May lard 10c
lower, and May ribs 7%c under.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January 64% 65 64% 65
May 67% 68% 67% 68%
July 68% 68% 67% 65%
Corn No. 2
January 80% 30% 80H 30%
May 32% 33 32*5 33
July 33% 33% 33ft 53%
Oats No. 2—
January 22% 22% 22% 22%
May 23% 24 23% 24
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 10 60
May 10 52% 10 95 10 77% 10 77%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 6 75
May 0 02% 6 C 2% 590 690
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 60
May 6 77% 5 77% 570 670
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat, C1%t?63%c: No. 2 red. 66%
«?C7%c: No. 2 corn. 30%<Q30%c; No. 2 oats. 22M.fff
22% c; No. 2 white, 25%Q25%c; No. 3 white. 24%
(ti2»%c; No. 2 rye, 51% c; No. 2 barley, 38@42c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 51; prime timothy seed, $2 40
2 50; mess pork, per bbl. $9 35010 60: lard, per
100 lbs, $5 62%<g5 77%: short ribs sides (loose).
$5 50@5 75; dry salted shoulders (boxed), s%t*
: 5%c; short clear sides (boxed), $3 73@5 80;
¦ whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
baslis high wines, $1 23%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 46,000 28,000
Wheat, bushels SO, OOO 131,000
Corn, bushels 604,000 221,000
Oats, bushels 336,000 170.000
Rye. bushels ROOO 6,000
Barley, bushels 82,000 65,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 22@29c; dairy, 17@
25c. Cheese, firm, 12@12%c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 19c. '
The sugar stocks were weak on the morning
session, Paauhau selling down to $27, Onomea
to $27 and Honokaa to $30030 EO. Spring Val
ley Water advanced to $32 62%, Alaska Pack
ers' to $120 and Gas & Electric to $51350 75.
The market was quiet In the afternoon and
prices showed little change.
The Bank of California has declared a divi
dend of U per share for the quarter, first un
der the reduced capital, payable on the 15th.
The quarterly dividends under the old capital
were $3 per share.
The semi-annual coupon of $3 on the bonds
of the Oakland Transit Company Is now pay
able.
The Giant Powder Company will pay a divi
dend of 50 cents to-day.
The California-Street Cable Company will pay
a dividend of 50 cents and the Market-Street
Railway Company a quarterly dividend of 60
cents to-day. The Geary-street road paid a
dividend of 60 cents on the 2d.
The San Jose Water Company will pay a
dividend of 50 cents and the Pacific Gas Im
provement Company one of 40 cents to-day.
The Mutual Electric Light Company paid a
dividend of 8 cents on the Bth.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Jan. 9—12 m.
Bld.Ark. BU.AsK
U S Bonds-
Is quar coup.. — —
43 quar reg... — 114%
4s quar new... — —
3s quar c0up.. .109% —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 65. .115% —
C C Wat 55.. 106 —
Ed L He. P 63.. 130 —
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 —
Geary-st R ss. — 93
HC & S 5%5..U2 —
H C & S 55. ...106% —
L A Ry 5s 104 105
L A J, Co 55.. — —
Do gnt<l 65.. — —
Do gntd 55.. 103 —
L A &. P R 55.1u1% —
Market-st 63.. .125% —
Do Ist M 55.. 110% —
NCN G R is. - —
N R of Cal 55.H2%114
NX of Cal 6s. — —
N P C R R 65. 102 —
NPC R It t5.106 —
N C R R 55...1W —
O G L & II 55.10S 110
Oak Tran 65... 112 113
Dak WCo 55.. 105 —
Oceanic SS C 0.102 —
Om C Ry Cs... — 126%
P & Cl Ry 63..104%103%
Cent L & P.... — 6%
Equit G L Co. — 5%
Mutual El Co. — 15
O G L & H.... 42% 45
Pac Gas Imp.. 43 —
Pac Light Co. 40 —
8F O & E.... 61 —
San Francisco. 3% 4
Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Insurance —
Flrem's Fund.. 22o 230
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 85 —
Bank of Ca1.. .403 —
Cal S D & T.. — 9S
First Nationl..2so —
Lon P & A.... 131 132%
Merchants' Ex — 16
Nev Nat 8k... — 190
Savings Banks—
Ger S L L...1730 —
Hum SAL.— —
Mut Say Bk. 49 —
S F Say U.. — —
Say & L So. — —
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads —
California 117%120
Geary-st ¦''¦0 —
Market-st Ry.. 60% 61%
OS L & H.... — 50
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6a — 121
Sac El G&R3s — —
S F & N P 63.112% —
S F & SJV ss. 114% —
S Ry of Cal 65.107%109
S P of A 63.... 109% —
S P C 6s(1303).108 110
S P C 65(19C6).1U —
S P C 65t1912). — —
SPCIs eg ss. — —
S P Br 6s 124%125
S V Wat 65.... 114 115
S V Wat 45.... 103% —
S V W45(3dm).101% —
Stktn Gas 65.. 101 105
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa . . 73T4 74%
Marln County.. 50 -
Spring Valley.. 82 92%
Gas & Electric —
Cent Gas C 0... — —
Presidio 17% 25
Powder Stock* —
California 160 175
E Dynamite... 85 —
Giant Con Co.. 93% 94%
Vignrit 2T» 3
Sugar Stocks^ —
Hana P Co 7% 8
Haw C& S Co. — 83
Honokaa S Co. 30% —
Hutch S P Co. 25% 26%
Kilauea S Co.. 13 —
Makawell SCo 42 43
Onomea S Co.. 26% 27
Paauhau S Co. 28% 27
Miscellaneous—
Al Pack A55n.113%120%
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. — 92%
Pac A F A... 1% 2V«
Pac C Bor Co.. 148 —
Par Paint Co- 9% —
Morning Session.
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 120 00
80 Contra Costa Water 74 12%
23 Giant Powder Con 94 00
70 Honokaa 30 00
100 Honokaa *J 60
5 Makawell Jj> BO
10 Oceanic S S Co. s 30 92 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 9^60
65 Onomea Sugar Co 27 00
43 Pacific Lighting 40 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 2. 75
60 Paauhau S P Co. s 90 27 50
23 Paauhau S P Co - 27 50
373 Paauhau S P Co 27 00
100 Paauhau S P Co. * 90 27 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co ol 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 8.%
93 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 7j
149 S V Water 2= S2, -
5 8 V Water 92 62%
Street—
10 Contra Costa Water 74 00
15 S V Water 92 37%
20 S V Water 92 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$3000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 10« 50
$5000 Los Angeles-Pacinc R R Bonds 102 00
10 Market Street Railway 61 CO
20 Onomea Sugar Co 28 50
10 Paauhau 3 P Co 27 00
110 S F Gas & Electrto Co 61 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 61 00
25 S F Gas & Electrio Co 51 12%
SSOQQ S P Branch Ry 6s 124 50
20 S V Water 82 25
60 Vlgorlt I CO
$3uO U S 3s 109 75
Street—
50 Alaska Packers' Assn 120 00
$10 COO S F & S J V Bonds 115 00
$2uo U S 3s, cash 109 75
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK AJJD EXCHANGE
BOARD.
tOO Erie Ist prefd «1H
I.GCO Great Northern prefd 167* i
Hocking Coal 16
Hocking Valley SO
1.210 Illinois Central 110%
lowa Central 11%
lowa Central prefd 49
100 Kaneas City Plttsburg & Gulf 7%
100 Lake Erie & Western 23
Lake Erie & Western prefd 83
Lake Shore 197
f.COO Louisville & Nashville 77>4
7.630 Manhattan L 93>4
1,463 Metropolitan Street Railway 172%
120 Mexican Central 10%
Minn & St Louis 68
Minn & St Louis prefd 80
?.ElO Missouri Pacific 39
Mobile & Ohio 39
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9%
400 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 31%
700 New Jersey Central 116%
9.535 New York Central 132\
2.875 Norfolk & Western 22\ >
£10 Norfolk & Western prefd C7>.i I
4.760 Northern Pacific 61*» |
1.225 Northern Pacific prefd 72 s i
iOO Ontario & Westerln 21% ;
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
4,600 Pennsylvania 129%
600 Reading 17
2.530 Reading Ist prefd 4S*i
600 Reading 2dp rfed &\
Rio Grande Western 87
Rio Grande Western prefd 81 1
St Louis & San Fran 8%
St Louis & t-an Fran Ist prefd 6S
gt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 32
ISS St Louis Southwestern ihi.
COO St Louis Southwestern prefd 24
14,050 St Paul 115%
St Paul prefd IT2
St Paul & Omaha 110
23,550 Southern Pacific 36
Southern Railway 11
623 Southern Railway prefd £2
3uO Texas & Pacific 14
26.570 Union Pacific 445-;
4.^3 Union Pacific prefd 75%
Wabash "h*
1,(00 Waba.-h prefd 2'i> 4
2,275 Wheeling Sc Lake Erie 9H
" 630 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 26^
100 Wisconsin Central ISH
EXPRESS COMPANIES—
Adams 112
American 143
United States 45
Well«-Fa,rgo 122
MISCELLANEOUS..
American Cotton Oil 83\i
Amtrican Cotton Oil prefd &0
American Malting 7
American Malting prefd 29
100 American Smelting & Refng 35%
610 American Smelting & Refng pref... &6 : ,
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
300 American Steel Hoop 42Vi
4uO American Pteel Hoop prefd 81%
6,2»G American Steel & Wire 47%
410 American Pteel & Wire, prefd SOU
1.000 American Tin Plate 25%
American Tin Plate prefd 7h
26.550 American Tobacco 93%
American Tobacco prefd 133
li») Anaconda Mining Co 35%
39.170 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72', t
6i"o Colorado Fuel & Iron 40i»
3.2.".0 Continental Tobacco 3U 4
700 Continental Tobacco prefd 85
7,0fc5 Federal Steel 50%
400 Federal Steel prefd 72
300 General Electric 120
600 Glucose Sugar 4a%
Glucose Sugar prefd 97
200 International Paper 22%
3,135 International Paper prefd C 4%
Laclede Gas 79
400 National Biscuit 30V*
National Biscuit prefd 89
300 National Lead 23
120 National Lead pref 104%
6SO National Steel 4Ui
20i) National Steel prefd 91%
3» New York Air Brake 133
1.230 North American 14 t <i
Pacific Coast 43%
100 Pacific Coast Ist prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 63%
1.870 Pacific Mall 42%
3.900 People's Ga.t 102%
2,10k Pj-epsed Steel Car 66%
300 PresFt-d Pteel Car prefd 85
Pullman Palace Car ISS
120 Standard Rope & Twine SVi
76.&61 Sugar 129
Pufc-ar prefd 113
1.200 Tennessee Coal & Iron S2"i
B.SOO United States Leather 15^
125 United States Leather prefd 73%
United States Ruther 41%
1?5 United States Rubber prefd 103!4
6b4 Western Union 56"4
200 Republic Iron &. Steel Co 21%
200 Republic Iron & Steel Co. prefd 65
P. C. C. & St L 78%
Z73.EOQ fhares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s reg 102% |N J Cent gen 65. ..118%
U S 2s reg 103% N Carolina Cs 127
U S la coup 110% N Carolina 4s 10R
U S new ti reg. ..131 fj Pacific lsts 110
V S new 4s c0up.. .134 N Pacific 3s 65%
U S old 4s reg 114 N Pacific 4a 103' i
U S old 4s c0up. ..114% N V C & S L 45. ..104%
U S is reg 113 N& W con 4s 60%
U S is coup 112% S & W gen 6s 123
Dls .if Col 3.655. ..320 Or Nay lsts 110
Atchison gen 45... SS% Or Nay 4b 110%
Atchison adj 4s 79 Or S Line 6s 130
Canada So 2ds lif! -Or S Line con 55.. .111
flies & hio 4%5.... 9fi Reading Gen 4s 83
Ches & Ohio 55.. ..115 It G W lsts 95%
O & NW con 75... 139 S L & I M con 65.109?4
C & NWSFdeb Cs.llS js L & S F G 65... 120
Chicago Term 45.. 93% iSt Paul cons 167
D & R G l«ts 1^2% B P C & P 15t5. ..118%
D & R R G 45.... 96% X P C & P 6s 117%
R TennVa&G lets. lo3 po Railway 5s 1C6%
Erie General 45... 65,4 j Stand R & T Cs... 80
FW& D C lsts.. 73 Term new set 35... 94
General Elec 55. ...119 Tex & Pac 15t5. ..111%
G H A S A 6* 10J iTex & Pac 2d5.... 64
Q H & S A 2d5....103 jUnlon Pacific 45...102« i
U & T C £s 110% Wabash lsts 113%
H & T C con 65. ..110 jWabash 2ds 99%
lowa Cent lsts 110 West Shore 4s 111%
KCP4G lsts.... r.R%|U-Is Cent lsts 89
La new cons 4s 10fi%|Va Centuries 84%
L & X Unl 4s V 6 j\'a Deferred 5
M X & T 2ds 67%'r010 & So 4s 83
M X & T 4s SS% :Pou Pacific 4s SO
N V Cent lsts 109% [
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15|Ophlr C 6
Crown Point 10, Plymouth t 08
Con Cal & Va 1 40 Quicksilver 1 f.O
Oeadwnod 55'Qulcksllver prefd.. 6 00
Gould & Curry 20 Hierra Nevada 40
Hale & Norcross... 2 40 : Standard 2 40
Homestake 63 00 Union Con 23
Mexican 27 j Yellow Jacket 21
Ontario 7 23 I
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ! West End 92%
Tall loans 6*?7 .Went Knd prefd.. ..112
Time loans 54?6.\Vest Elec 40%
Stocks— Wls Central ....... 18H
A T & S F K*i Dom Coal 45%
A T & S F prefd... WiiDom Coal prefd... .113
American Sugar ...129% ! Bonds—
Bel! Telephone ....330 lAtchison 4s 98
Boston & Albany. .242 J Mining Shares—
H'^ton Elevated ..95 j Adventure 6%
Boston & Maine. ..2o2 .Allouez Mm C 0.... 2%
Chgo. Bur & Q !l9% : Br>ston & Mont 273
Rd Elec 111 SOS (Butte & Boston 45 ¦
Fitchburg prefd .'.122 'falumet & Hecla...74S
Oen Electric 12% Centennial 18
r>en Elec prefd. ...137 Franklin 14%
Federal Steel ..... 50% Osceola 71%
Fed .Steel prefd.... 71% Parrot 40%
Mexican Central .. 10% 3uincy 145
Mlrh Telephone 100 pnntn. Fe Copper... &%
Old Dominion ?" Tamarack ISR
Rubber 42% tVinona 4%
Unlrm Pacific 44% lutah 27%
Union Land 314'
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— Close— Money on call,
*%#5% per cent: last loan, 5% per cent: prime
mercantile paper, 6 per cent. Sterling ex
change easier, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 87% for demand and at $4 83%@4 83%
for sixty days; posted rates. $4 84%^4 BSV-; com
mercial bills, $4 S2Vi<s4 83; silver certificates.
s*%<gsj%c; bar silver, £9c; Mexican dollar*.
47% c. Government bonds, weak; State bonds,
Inactive; railroad bonds, weak.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— To-day* » statement
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days $4 UV*.
Sterling Exchange, sight — * SSH
Sterling Cables — 4 $9>,i
New York Exchange, sight — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69
Mexican Dollars — 4SV4
Wheat and Other Grants.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Three ships have Just
been taken at 36s 3d. which establishes the
spot rate. The chartered wheat fleet in port
has a registered tonnage of 60,000, against 12.448
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
4841 tors, against 21,600; on the way to this
port, 174.500 tons, against 141,800.
WHEAT— Futures opened lower, but ad
vanced. Spot prices remained unchanged.
Liverpool and Paris were both lower. Con
sols advanced %. Stocks In London were
steady.
Chicago was heavy, with holders realizing
freely. The market lacked support and the
bears hammered It. Later on In the session,
however, there was good buying at 67V4C and
135,000 bushels were taken for export.
Bpot Wheat— Shipping, 97%@98%c; milling, $1
©1 02%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— l6,ooo ctle.
$1 03; 14,000, $1 03H; December— 2ooo, $1 07%.
Second Session— May— Booo ctls, $103%; 12,000.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$104U: 10.000. $1 04H: 42,000, 104%: December—
2000, $1 08%.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 04H; 18,
000 $1 04: December— 4ooo. $1 08%.
BARLEY— Business continues slow at un
changed quotations. Offerings are ample for all
needs.
Feed. 72%ig73c for No. 1 and eo@7oc for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@87}4c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — Xo «nles.
Regular Morning Session — No sales. >
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — The market continues dull at the old
prices. White. $1 lOfjl 30; Red. $1 074®! 20;
Gray. $1 O7HOI 17%; Black. 97V»c@$l 07%.
CORN — There la very little demand and quo
tations show no change. Receipts from the
East are falling off asaln. Eastern White Is
quoted at »7 1 4c(?$l 02% per ctl and Eastern Yel
low at $1 05@l 07%; mixed, 97%c@$l 02%.
RYE— $I@l 05 per ctl. The market continues
quiet.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40©3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 *0 for bakers' and $2 25<g3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal,
$2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
$4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $607 25: In sacks. $5 75@7; Pearl Bar
ley $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Everything remains as previously quoted,
with a very moderate demand.
BRAN— sl2'soi3l3 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $16 50@17 60
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Job
bing. $27 60-&28: Cocoanut Cakes, $20@21; Corn
meal, $23 60f§24 50; Cracker Corn, $24®25; Mixed
Feed, $16 SGrtfn; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50@8 50 for common to good
and $9f19 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7@3;
Oat, }6 50@S; Barley, $5@6 60; Alfalfa. $s©B per
ton; Compressed, $7@lo per ton.
STRAW— 2SSSOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is no further change In Beans beyond
the lower prices already quoted, but the mar
ket is still quiet. Seeds remain inactive.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 23; small White, $2 75®
2 90; large white, $2 30@2 60: Pinks, $2 50@2 65;
Reds, $3 25@3 50; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nom
inal; Lima, $4 90©5; Pea, $2 90@3 10; Red Kid
neys, nominal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3<23%c; Yellow Mus
tard, VciiVzc; Flax, $2 12%; Canary, 3%c per lb
for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7@Bc;
Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c; Timothy, 4®<%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nllee, $1 60@l 90; Green, $1 73
<U'- 25 per ctl. ,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions are both firm, and the
latter are expected to advance again.
Supplies of Vegetables continue In excess of
requirements and carried over stock sells at the
inside quotations, r
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85@95c; River Reds,
65@75c; Burbanks, 50@85c per sack; Salinas Bur
bar.ks, $1<51 25; Oregon Burbanks, 90c®$l 30;
Sweet Potatoes. $1 60@l 60 for Merced.
ONIONS— ft 25®1 50 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l®3c per lb;
geles Tomatoes, 50c©$l 25; Egg Plant from Loa
Angeles, 10iffl2Hc: Dried Okra, 12^ic per lb:
Garlic, SlgSHc: Green Peppers from Los Ange
les, 3@4c; Dried Peppers, SlglOc: Carrots, 30<g40c
per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 75c© $1
per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10@12 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The market Is overstocked with Eastern Poul
try, which keeps prices down. Local stock Is
In moderate supply. ¦¦?¦¦¦ :; ¦• :• '
Game is in light receipt, and some sold yes
terday afternoon over the quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13® 14c for Gob
blers and 13^14c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 16
@18c; Geese, per pair, $1 75f12; Goslings, $1 75
©2; Ducks, $4@5 for old and $4®5 for young;
Hens, $4!f?3; Young Roosters. $4 50©5; Old
Roosters. $4@4 30: Fryers. $4 50#5; Broilers, J4
@4 B0 for large and $3^3 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25 per dozen for old and $2 50iJj3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 50<gl 75; Mallard, J3 60®5 50;
Canvnsback. $4®5 50; Sprig, $3*34; Teal. $2 50
@S 30; Widgeon. $2 25if?2 50; Small Duck. $1 50®
173; Doves. 73c per^dozen: Hare. $1 25ftl 75;
Rabbits. $1 50Q2; Gray Geese. $3 50@4; White,
$1 50; Brant. $1 sOffi:3; Honkers. $3; English
Snipe, $2 50®3 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are very weak and dealers are refusing
no reasonable offer. They will probably decline
right alon~ now.
Butter and Cheese show no change, but both
are weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25®26c; seconds,
23<524e.
Dairy— Fancy 22c; good to choice. 19620 c;
common. 13@17Hc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12c: old. HHc;
Young America. 12%@13c; Eastern, 15^@160;
Western. 13%gi6c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 25@27%c for store and 82%®
85c per dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold stor
age, ISQVjc for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh.
226250.
Deciduous and 'Citrus Fruits.
Large Navel Oranges are firm at the advance
already noted. Seedlings are dull and weak.
though stocks of all kinds of Oranges are much
lighter than of late. Apples are in good sup
ply and unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s© 65c per box for common. 75c® $1
for good, $1 25@1 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4ffs; Cooa
Bay Cranberries. $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50112 50
per box: Seedlings, 30cS$l: Japanese Man
darins, $1 Cs@l 75; Pomelos, $IQ3; Lemons, $1
SI 60 for common and $2^3 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $I®4 50; California
Limes, 25©33 c; Bananaa, $160^3 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3 50^4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Fruits are dull at the revised prices. Honey
rules firm at the advance already noted. Other
descriptions show no change.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4^o for
«l-50 - B, 4@4V.ic for £0-6G'e, 3Vic for 60-70's. S^o
for "O-EO's. 3c for SO-90's and 2%c for 90-100's.
Apricots, ll®l3c for Royals, 12Vi' r ttl6c for Moor
parks and 12Q14C for Blenheims; Peaches, s'/4@
6c for Standards. 6Ut?C*ic for choice and 7&Sc
for fancy: peeled Peaches, 12Vi'S15c; Evaporated
Apples, di l 3'i\ic; Sun-dried, Ejj)s%c per lb; Nec
tarines. b<ii'.>c; Pears, ti'u 74c for quarters and
fcSlCo for halves; Black Figs. 2'iQ3'4c; White
Firs. 4!isc; Bleached Plums, S'ttitc; Unbleached
Plums, 7©T%o for pitted and lV^c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. Be; standard, Sc; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, SVic; choice, T^c; standard, 6\£c;
prime, sc; unbleached Eultanas. sc; Seedless,
tO-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5',4c;
8-crown, 6'/4c; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers,
2-crov.n. $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@10c; Walnuts, B@9c for
standards and 9010 c for softshell; Almonds,
Il I ,4!ij'l2c for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@
5c for hard 6hell; Peanuts, 5->i@6T4c for Eastern
and 6c for California; Brazil Nuts. 7H l 28c; Fil
berts, 12®12'.-i.c: Pecans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts,
$4 50®5.
HONEY— Comb, 11%@12c for bright and 10%®
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 8c;
light amber extracted, 7«>4!3'7%c; dark. s%<S6c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24S26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues strong !n sympathy
with the West, and the demand Is fair at the
advance already noted.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 5%0 per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light.
12c for extra light and 13Vic for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, Califor
nia Hams, nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl:
extra Mess, $13: Family, $14; extra Prime Pork.
$14 50; extra clear, $17 50; Mess, $16 50; smoked
Beef, 14@14Uc per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6«4c per lb for com
pound and 79ic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
SUe: 10-lb tins, Sic; 6-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Stocks of Wool are light and the market Is
quiet. Hides are no lower, but the demand Is
not as brisk as It was. Hops are still neglect
ed. Tallow is quiet and unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Bteero. 11%.c; medium, lie; light. 10% c; Cow
hides, lie; Stags, 7Hc; Salted Kip, lOHc; Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, sound, IS@lS%c; culls and
brands, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry Calf,
20c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 20*{35c each; short
Wool. 35g60c each: medium. 70@90c: long Wool,
$I@l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt. %i 2502 75 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb; No. 2,
4c; refined, 6Vtc; grease, 2%c.
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains, 9310 c; South
ern, 6@loc; Middle County, lly"13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 16@17c; Eastern Oregon. 13516 c;
Valley Oregon. 18020 c: Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
lie per lb.
HOPS— 6(39c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is no scarcity in Hogs, as they are
coming in from several other States, and the
old quotations rule. Mutton and Lamb are In
light supply and higher. Beef stands the same.
BEEF— 7©7%c per lb for Steers and 6H'<?"c for
Cows.
VEAL— S@loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Sc; ewes, 7@7%0 per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 12\4c: yearlings, S<?9c per lb.
PORK — Live Hogs, 6\c for small. s*»c for
medium and 5M.@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, sVi@s%c; dressed Hogs, 7®BV4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7@7Vie; Wool
Bags. 28®30c.
COAL— Supplies are light and the market is
very strong. Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $7; Bryant. $7: Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend,
$8; Co-operative Wallsend. $8; Scotch, ;
Cumberland, $10 In Dulk and $1160 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel. $11
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in
VEGETABLES— Peas, $I®l 50; To
matoes. 75c.
CANNED FRUITS — Cherries, $2 40@3 for
black and white; Peaches, $165(5190; Pears,
$1 60@l 80; Apricots. $1 25®1 70; Plums, $120®
1 40.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— l3H@l6c nominal for
prime' washed; 11@12%c nominal for good
washed; HV4@lsc nominal for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9H4Tllc nominal for good to
prime peaberry; 10@12c nominal for* good to
prime; B®&V4c nominal for good current mixed
with black beans; B®S%c nominal for fair: 6@
7%c nominal for common to ordinary. Salvn
lor—9H6l3c nominal for good to prime washed;
7%@S%c nominal for fair washed; 9^911^0
nominal for good to prime washed pea berry;
7?i©S%c nominal for good to prime semi
washed; BVi'sB*ic superior unwashed: BVic for
good green unwashed; 9@9>4c nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry; s'4S7c nominal
for common to ordinary. Nicaragua— 14@16?jc
nominal for prime to fancy washed; 8(311c
nominal for fair to good washed; S^STSVic nom
inal for good to superior unwashed; 9g9iic
nominal for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l 4%*< 16Uc for prime
to fancy washed, new crop; lHi@l3c for strict
ly good washed, new crop; 10@llc for good
washed, new crop; B^4<g9 a ic for fair washed;
7%©BUc for medium; s@7c for Inferior to or
dinary; ll@l3c for good to prime washed pea
berry; 9@9',ac nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry; SU@S%c nominal for good to
superior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy. 2S@3oc per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 26@27c; Sole Leather, light.
, 26<f?27c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27<S2Sc; Rough
Leather, light. 25@2fic: Harness Leather, heavy,
325133 c: Harness Leather, medium, 30(§32c; Har
ness Leather, light, 29fi30c; Collar Leather. 13@
16c per foot; Kip. finished. 40Hj30c per lb; Veal,
finished. 50(ff55c: Calf, finished. 75c<?i$l 20; Sides.
' finished, 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife Splits, 14
. ®16c: Rough Splits S'RlOc per lb.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts, 14.
42S barrels; exports, 2318 barrels. Unusually
quiet and weaker In tone until near the close,
when It Improved with wheat.
WHEAT — Receipts. 36,800 bushels. Spot-
Firmer: No. 2 red. 75% c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
Northern Duluth, 79% c f. o. b. afloat: No. 2
red, 72;4c elevator. Options— Opened weak and
declined under bearish cables, reports that
enow was preceding the cold wave West and an
unexpected Increase in Bradstreet's world's
stock. Shorts oversold, and In the last hour
prompted by war news and export talk were
forced to cover, causing a sharp rally. The
close was firm at He to Vc advance. March,
"<H'37SViC. closed 7.V4c; May, 73 9-16c(J/74' / 4c,
closed 74'*c; July, 73H<3T3!-fcc, closed "Z%a.
HOPS-Steady.
WOOL— Quiet. .
COFFEE— Options closed firm, 10 to 23 points
higher. Total sales 34,350 bags. Including:
January. $0 45; February.. $6 CO; March. $6 50©
6 Co; May. $6 tw<y6 75; July, $6 75; September.
$6 70®7 05; October, $6 95G7; November, $"@
7 10. Spot coffee— Rio, 6trong; No. 7 invoice,
~\'ic\ No. 7 Jobbing, So; mild, firmer; Cordova,
BV:O I2Hc.
SUGAR— Raw, very firm; refined, firmer ;
mold A. 5.30 c; standard A, 4.50 c; confectioners"
A. 4.55 c: cut loaf, 4.50 c; crushed, 6.45 c; pow
dered. 5.15 c; granulated, 5.05 c: cubes, 6.20 c.
METALS— There was a sharp Jump in the
price of tin to-day on firm cables and reap
pearance of buyers who have for some time
held aloof. Spelter on the other hand was weak
and nee-lected. Th<> other departments were
about unchanged and destitute of special or
new features of interest. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PiOlßON— Warrants, quiet.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at $16 60.
TlN— Firm, at $25 60®26 50.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 70 bid and $4 75 asked.
SPELTER— Easy, with $4 45 bid and $4 65
asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $16 60.
H UTTER— Receipts, 8054 packages, steady;
June creamery, 24'<j2S 1 4c; Western creamery,
25>&30c: factory. l"©23c.
EGGS— Receipts, 13.397 packages: weak and
lower; Western, 24c. loss off; Western un
graded at mark. 16'J22c.
DRIED FRUITS.
There were no new features developed In the
market for evaporated apples to-day. Prunes
continue firm on good export demand and fa
vorable country advices, but other grades
ruled quiet, with only small Jobbing business
reported. California dried fruits were dull and
featureless.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
6 ( t?(^\c; prime, 6?i's7 I .ic; choice, 7%@Bc: fancy,
BWC9C.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%SSc per
lb, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 13(0 15e: Moorpark, lo^lSc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 20522 c; unpeeled, 7H@loc.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
BOSTON, Jan. 9.— There lms been more in
quiry noted in the wool market here this week,
but It has not resulted in much bulnees. The
dull business of the last two weeks seems not
to have had any effect on prices, which are
firm. Territory wools are being sold at 65c on
the scoured basis for fine medium and fine,
while 70c is being asked for selected staple.
Few sales of fleece wools are noted and values
are largely on a flominal basis. For XX
above Ohio 3S@3Gc Is quoted. Australian wools
are very scarce and prices nominal. Quota
tions: Unwashed- medium— Missouri quarter
blood combing, 27c; three-eighths blood, 27c.
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota fine me
dium and fine. 22Q24c; scoured, 62563 c; staple.
63@70c. Utah and Wyoming fine medium and
fine. lS@2lc: scoured 60®63c; staple, 65@6!>c
Idaho fine medium and fine. 18S?21c; scoured.
60001 c: medium. 20@23c: scoured. 52304 c. Aus
tralian, scoured basis, spot prices— Combing,
superfine, SS4i9Oc: good, S6'3S7c; average. B*o.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 9.— CATTLE— Good to choice
steers, steady; others quiet at yesterday's de
cline; Texans, fairly active; cavr market about
steady; calf market active and strong. Good to
choice. $5 05@6 EO; poor to medium. $4@3: mixed
Btockers, $3@3 75; selected feeders, $4 15®4 75;
good to choice cows. $3 W3>* 60; heifers, S3 25©
4 85; canners. $2@2 80; bulls, $2 30@4 60; calves.
$4 50©7 50; fed Texas beeves, $4@5 50.
HOGS— Active, averaging 6c higher than yes
terday; top $4 CO; good clearances. Mixed and
butchers, $4 3004 67»4: good to choice heavy.
$4 46@4 60; rough heavy. $4 SC@4 40; light, $4 25
©4 80: bulk of sales, $4 45@4 55.
SHEEP— Best sheep and lambs steady: others
active, shade lower. Native wethers, $4 30@5;
lambs, M 35igO 25: Western wethers, $4 20@4 65;
Western lambs, $4 35(^5 23.
I Receipts — Cattle, 4500; hogs, 35,000; sheep,
19,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 9.— Clearings, $370,273;
balances, 537.133.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 3.— There Is no Valley
wheat offerings. Walla Walla Is nominal in
demand at E23'2Hc for choice stock.
The steamship Arab cleared from this port
to-day with the largest enrgo of breadstuff s
ever put afloat for the Orient. She carried 47,801
barrels of flour and 16,666 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Jan. 9.— No change in
wheat. Club, Clc: Bluestem, 63c
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. 9.— Consols, 9ST4; silver, 27>4d;
French rentes, 99f Ssc; wheat cargoes off coast,
quiet and steady; cargoes on passage, rather
easier: Walla Walla, 2Ss 3d; English country
marketF, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 9— Wheat, dull: wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, dull: French coun
try markets quiet: weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 13-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady; March and
May, 6s 9%d. Spot No. 1 Northern spring, dull,
6s Id.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, quiet, 3s
&Hd; old, quiet, 3s s»id. Futures, quiet; Janu
ary, Ss 6%d; February, 3s 6Vid; March, 3s M4d.
B'4e: 12 or, 40 sets, hotel, 9%c. Granite Mining
Candles— Sixes, 16 oz. 40 sets, llHc per set:
sixes, 16 oz, 20 sets, ll%c; sixes, 14 oz, 40 sets.
10% c; sixes, 14 oz. 20 sets, 19-V: stxes. 12 oz,
20 sets, 9%c; sixes, 10 oz, 20 sets, 9c; twelves.
12 oz, 40 sets, hotel, Wic. ParafHne Wax Can
dles, White— Ones, 14 oz. 25 sets, 12** c per set;
twos, 14 oz, 2S sets, 12^4c; fours. 14 oz. 36 sets,
12Vic: sixes. 14 oz. 36 sets, 12V;c; twelves, 14 oz.
36 sets. 12»ic: Colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7®7%c; Red Lead
and Litharge. T^itg'^ic per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 73c; in iron barrels,
68c; in wooden barrels, 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 61c; raw, barrels,
B9c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— SSI W1332 50 per flask for lo
cal use and $46 50U47 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflninie Com
pany quotes terms net cash. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered, 6%c; Candy Granulated, 6c; Dry Gran
ulated, Fie; Confectioners' A. 4"4 c; California
A. : Magnolia A. 4Vjc; Extra C. A\c; Golden
C, 4'ic: barrels. l-16c more; half-barrels. %c
more; boxes. V.-c more; 50-lb bags. Sc more.
No orders taken for less than 73 barrels or It*
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5Hc; boxes,
sv«c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16gl": extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $1"S18 for No. 1 and 113016 for No.
2; Lath. 4 feet. $2 20®2 30; Pickets, $18; Shin
gles, $1 75 for common and $2 73 for fancy;
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
521527.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY 9.
Flour, qu sks 6,356 Sugar, sks 880
Wheat, ctls 420 Hay, tons 234
Barley, ctls 1.J70 Straw, tons 5
Ortts, ctls 260 Wool, bags S
Cheese, ctls 39 Pelts, bdls ITS
Butter, ctls 333 Hides, no 37*
Tallow, ctls 43SEggs, do* 8,250
Beans, sks 763 Leather, r0115.... 82
Potatoes, 5k5..... 3.74) Wine, gals 84.100
Onions, sks 165 Lime, bbls IS3
Bran, sks 26 Brands', ga15...... CO
Middlings, sks... 190. Powder, car...... 1
OREGON,
Oats, ct15....~._ 330!
Sterling Exchange advanced. Silver unchanged.
Jllicat unsettled. Freights steady.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.
Hay, Beans and Feedstuff s quiet at previous prices.
Potatoes and Onions firm and Vegetables weak.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs declining.
Poultry market overstocked. Game in light supply.
Large Oranges in good demand and firmer.
Dried Fruits continue dull. Honey firm.
Provisicns strong at the noted advance.
Wool, Hides and Hops unchanged.
Hogs in fair supply and unchanged.
Coal firm, with light stocks.
Mutton and Lamb in light supply and higher.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were tn/laTe. in . th » f *" Jf* 11 "
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday.
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia £ J& r^wr" 3
mo rhollar 27, 100 Ophlr **
2^ Con ell & Va..l «• 700 Potort »
3CO Can Cal & Va..l 40 400 Savage W
Afternoon Session.
300 Chollar 2Ji fOO Ov^rrnan W
SooSSSSi";::: ™ ?° cc N OO n va<u "
100 Ophlr TO. 100 Union Con .... X
400 Ophlr «^
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Challenge Con 20 300 Potosl »
300 Con Cal & V.I C 4 300 Savage ¦ :•••••" *"
2CO Gould & Curry 23 MO Sierra 43
200 Justice 01 200 Lnion Con *»
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 10 200 Mi-xlcan »™
300 Best & Belcher 22, 100 Ophlr <<»
200 Challenge Con. 20. 2uO Overman «^
4JO Con CaJ & Va..l 4.". 2O» Savage ........ «
2UO Hale & Norcrs 3al 200 Sierra Nevada U
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 9—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I BldAsk .;
Alpha 03
Alta 03
Andes 10
Belcher 10
Best & Belchr. 23
Bullion vi
Caledonia SO
Chollar 2«
Challenge Con. 20
Confidence ..... 82
Con Cal & Va.l 43
Con Imperial... —
Con New York —
Crown Point 11
Exchequer —
Gould A Curry 23
Halo & Norcrs. S3
Julia —
Justice 02
04 Kentucx — v 
05; Lady Wash .... 02 -
12 ; Mexican JO 31
lliOccldental W 23
2»!ophlr «» »
MOverman •> J£
62,P0t05l J; J*
27 Savage Jj[ ls
21 Scorpion 02 •—
65 Seg Belcher.... «3 04,
150 Sierra Nevada. 42 «
01 Stiver Hill 03 04
04 St. Louis.. — c »
13 Standard 1"0 —
02 Syndicate — $¦}
J4 Union Con W Jl
40 Utah W J*
02 Yellow Jacket. 13 14
04l ,
Continued on Page Eleven.
Foreign Futures.
afloat for and in Europe (Liverpool Corn Trade
News), Increase, 1,300,000; total supply wheat,
Increase, 1.257.000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, 925.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of th«
Rocky Mountains, Increase, 025,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 85.000 bushels.
Among the more Important increases reported
not given In the official visible supply state
ment are those of COO.OOO bushels at Northwest
ern Interior elevators. 154.000 at Chicago pri
vate elevators and C 6.000 at St. Joseph.
The Principal decreases are those of 150,000
bushels at Manitoba storage points, 133,000 at
Louisville and 82,000 at Kingston.
The aggregate stock of wheat and flour held
at Portland, Or., Tacoma and Seattle, Wash.,
decreased 112.000 last week.
Shipping Intelligence.
ABKIVKU.
Tuesday. January ».
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. 3 days from Saa
Stmr Noyo, 'WalTlg, *0 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr 6an Juan. Brown. 21 days from Fana
ma. via Acapulco 8H days.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pedersen. 105 hours from
Oyster Bay. m
Tug Samson. Stream. 8 days from Columbia
River, with barge Waklkaun In tow.
Barge Waklkaun. Hughes. S day« from Co
lumbia River. In tow tug Samson.
Ship Oriental. Tarker, IS days from Seattte.
via CUllam Bay 13 days.-
Bktn Catherine Sudden. Ekrem. 30 days from
Olympla.
Schr Volunteer. Bressen. Vii days from Coo«
Bay
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. 4 days from
Bowens Landing.
Tuesday, January 9.
Stmr "vTashtenaw. GUboy, Comox; P I Co.
Stmr Australia, Lawless. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Jeanie. Mason. Naaalmo; Pacific Coast
Company. ¦ ¦-•
Stmr Pomrfna. Parsons. Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Ger shio Marie Hackfeld. Wuhrmann.
Queenstown: G W McNear.
Br ship Crown of Scotland. Jenkins, Queens
town: Epplnger & Co.
Schr Aloha, Fry. Honolulu; Wllllama. Dl
mond & Co.
SAILED.
•"** f-'r-- Tuesday, January %.
Stmr Oeo Loomls, Brtdgett. Vantura.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego*
Stmr Pomona. Shea. Kurelca.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwtng, Fort Brags.
Stmr Cleone, Hlgjtlns. .
Stmr Jeanie. Mason, Nanalmo.
Stmr Washtenaw. GUboy. Comox.
Stmr Lakme. Schage. Seattle.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
Bktn W H Dlmond. Nleldon, Honolulo.
Schr Newark. Beck. .
TKLEGRAPItfc
POINT LOBO3. Jan 9. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
SPOKEN.
Dec 13. lat 23 N, lon 3 W— Br ship Kata
Thomas, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Dec 4. lat 56 S. lon 63 W— Br ship Karoo,
from Puget Sound, for Clyde.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr TUlamook.
for Albion. ~
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Jan B— Stmr Ellhu
Thcmson. hence Jan 3.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 9— Schr Annie M Camp
bell, for Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Jan 9— Bark
Prussia, hence Dec 21. for Port Blakeley; bktn
Amelia, from Honolulu, for Port Blakeley
Passed out Jan 9— Ship J B Brown, from Che
malnus. for Sydney.
EASTERN MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
\\ T ezi' York Stock Market
r^T-W tokk, Jan. s.— The etock market was
practically Inert durlne Hie early part Of the
fses-slon to-day, the buying demand failing to
prarcely appreciable proportions. The bear
traders watched the inviting field with longing
eyes until the attraction became too strong for
them, and they put out selling orders through
the greater part of the list. They succeeded
In effecting very marked declines and bringing
out a certain amount of offerings by uncover
lr.g »to;>-lortfc tirders. Hut the volume of the
selling was not important and the success of
the bears wa* due to the listless attitude of
the public toward Mocks and the listkssness
of insiders to support prices. There was no
po«ltive inclder.t In the day's business ever,
for the bears to base their operations on. Their
conclusion was rather a negative one as to the
chanc*-s of any favorable change from the pres
ent depressing Influences. For the present it is
obvious that capital has no Inclination to
move Into stocks and It is noticeable that the
quiet Investment absorption, which was a fea
ture of the market during the last week In
J>eceniber and which continued into the first
*teek in January, to all intents and purposes
ocas-cd at the present level of prices. A series
of encouraging events ha.s afforded a pretty
cood test of speculative sentiment by belns
totally ignored. There have been new entries
Jnt« the ranks cf dividend-paying stocks and
increases in the dividend rates of established
dividend payers.
The money situation ha» ceased to cause
suiriety owing to the return flow from domes
tic centers and the cessation of the drain on
the sub-treasury. Money markets abroad have
come through the crisis of the yearly settle
ments and are steadily working toward ease,
co that the drawing of gold from New York
1* now believed to have ceased, at lea«t for
the time bring. Far- reaching accomplishments
toward harmonizing great railroad systems
tiave. been announced and disastrous trad*
wars have been pairhe<J up according to all
ej'jwaranres. The email effect produced by all
these important developments Is cited by the
bear element as indicating small hopes for
ftjiy advanrp in prlree.
There wax a ymall opening advance In stocks
In opposition to the heaviness in London and
In sympathy with strength in Huprar and Rrook
lyn Transit. The almost entire disappearance
of buylnc demand, in fpite of very little offer
ing*, then allowed prices to gradually sag un
til the a.ctl\> gelling movement of the last two
hours forved price* easily and rapidly down
vnrd.
There were a few feeble rallies, sufficient
to continue some irregularity, but the tone
In the main continued weak until the clor.e
The dividends in Louisville and Federal Steel
common, were not announced until rear the
cV.se, but the hear* counted upon their exer
cising an unfavorable effert as not b»lr.z vi
to expectations. The possibility of further re
verses to Great Britain In South Africa and
rumors of foreign complications involving fur
ther embarrafsmenu for Great Britain were
tised with effect.
The bond market was dull and heavy In svm
puthy with stfx-ks. Total Pales, pp r value
H.255.0M. fnlt'-d States old 4's registered and
old 5> coupon declined hi end the 3"s coupon
new 4-s. old V* coupon and s's registered 1U
to the bid price. *
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
¦SSS" BtocKs- CT^
1.210 Atchison -tyi,
20.7«* Atchtson IwM '" f/) *
S.S2O Baltimore & Ohio ' r,-s
» Canadian I'aclflc [['
2M Canada Southern 4«il
72.3:0 Chesapeake & Ohio ->^ ;f; f
2.725 Chicago Great Western 12
::.:.•:. Chicapo Burlington & Qulncy 11974
100 Chicago Ind & Loui« 15*
Chlcaco Ind & Louis prefd 47
, Chicago & Eastern Illinois m
100 Chicago & Northwestern ICO
2.410 Chicago Hock Iclsnd & Pacific l"4*i
4,?00 C C C & Pt Louis 6'i"
200 Colorado Southern {,\
200 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 3su
Colorado Southern 2d prefd II "
400 Delaware 4- Hudson 114
Delaware Larka wanna & Western.. 175
mo Denver & Rio Grande 17
257 Denver & Itio Grande prefd 67
100 Erie io«i
Steamer Movements.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Boston Wool Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $254,506,199; gold reserve,
J233.972.595.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were stagnant but firm to
day, awaiting news and the settlement, al
though there Is no apprehension over the lat
ter, as it is known that the weak men In
the last Fettlement have now b«n strength
ened.
Berlin was Inclined to nibble at specialties
other than American shares.
Paris bought a few copper shares and Span
ish 4s.
Americans moved within the narrowest lim
its", London being: a* apathetic in regard to
them as Berlin. Union Pacilic was weak on
New York sales, which London regarded as an
Indication that there will be no dividend on
the common stock. Contangoes were 1 to 3
lower than the rate at the last settlement.
The Scotch railway carry-over on provincial
exchanges was also much easier, forecasting
low rate* to-morrow. Money was abundant at
2% per cent. The bank received £66,000 trold
from Germany and bought £42.0u0 in German
currency. Paris cheque on London was 25.22%;
Berlin. 20.61.
CLOSINO.
Canadian Pacific, 82%; Union Pacific prefer
red 75%; Northern Pacific preferred. 74%;
Atchison. 13%; Grand Trunk. 6%: Anaconda, •:
bar silver steady, 27% d per ounce.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1900.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
New York Grain and Produce.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydro«rrmi>h!o Office. TT. B .NT.. Me*,
chants' Hxchang*. Saa Francisco. CM..
Tte^tafball^th. tower of tfca «7*«"*
bulldln* was dropped at «««»«»»
t •. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at •
o'clock p. m.. GreenwJch Um^
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic ******-
Time, and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San,
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. _,_ ...
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) »b°ut
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point.
the height of tide Is tha same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 1&,
NOTE— In the above, exposition or tne uae»
the early morning tide* are given In th» left
hand colnmn and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
s«cond time column ¦ gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the- third tld»
and the last or right hand column gives tho
last tide of the day. except when there are but
threw tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given ar» In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
Charters.
The Albert loads merchandise for Honolulu;
Ffclls of Clyde, merchandise for Hllo.
The Marguerite llolinoe, Mareehal Turenne
tr.d Nortnaridle ar« all recaartered for wheat to
Europe, at 26s 2d.
Money in San Francisco.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of th«
TTr.lted States at Ban Francisco, reports cash on
hand December Slst as follows:
Vnited States notes $225.160 00
Treasury notes of IS9O 99. C1S 00
National bank notes 2.360 00
Gold certificates 112,620 00
Silver certificates 172.549 00
Gold coin 15,444. <96 20
Standard silver dollars 31.142,229 00
Fubt-ld.ary silver coin 163.0CS SO
Minor coin 13.M8 3S
Total $47.476.Ce3 4S
Shipments of silver coin from the same office
In the month of December. IiSS. were as fol
lows :
Standard silver dollars $78,600
Subsidiary silver S6.E2u
Total _ 11C5.020
Weather Report.
aZX.ii Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 9. 19C-C' — 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls In
the last 2* hours, ar.d the Btascnal' rainfalls to
date as compared with those cf the correspond
:r o - date last season:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka O.uO 30.06 '13. 56
Red Bluff 0.00 14.66 6.73
Facrarnento 0.00 13.11 6.71
Pan Francisco 0.00 J4.3S 5.90
Fresno 0.00 6.10 2.61
Independence 0.00 2.08 0.70
tSan Luis Obispo 0.00 12.41 3. 53
L-« Ar.seles 0.00 4.67 0.66
Fan Diego 0.00 2.60 1.77
Turn -• 0.00 0.66 1.32
Fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
t£; minimum. 49: mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twelve hours over Northern Washington
and Vancouver Island. An area of high press
ure overlies Nevada. Utah and Southern Idaho.
This area of high pressure will probably move
southeastward permitting an extension of the
northerly low as far south as Point Reyes.
The temperature has risen slightly along the
coast.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Independence, 26 mil<-s per h')ur from
th*- tn irth west; Yuxna, 42 north; Portland, 2S
couth.
Rain has fallen generally over Washington
sind Oreeon.
At Sacramento the river stage lg 26.3 feet and
falling. The river reached 27 feet about rald-
Xiife-ht Jar.vary £-9.
Fi>reca.«t made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hour? ending midnight. January 10, 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday with
Tain In northern portion; northerly changing to
southeasterly wind*.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
I'tah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— lncreasing cjoudl
flppf Wednesday, with rain at night; fresh
southeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
m
Board—
TO SAIL.
8
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets
7:»
". * 5:10
' 1:42 a. m.
O ITlme
S. Ft.
Time ITlme! ITlmei
Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft
H -W L W H W
10 ... 0:01 1.7
11 ... 1:06 J.O
1» ... 2:07 1.1
13 ... 3:04; 3.1
» ... 3:58 3.0
15 . 0:00' 4.9[
IS ... 0:37; 4.»;
5:35 «.O 1:52 0.1 8:47) 4.0
7:29 6.0 J:*S — 0.4 9:tT 4.1
8:22 8.1 3:SB|— o.7[ 10:39| 4.4
9:13 6.1 4:20,— 0.8 t 11:21! 4.7
15:00 6.0 4:5», — o.Bi I
4:45 3.0 10:45! 5.9 5:351—0.8
¦ 5:29 ».» U:2B| 6.6 t 6:07!— 0.3
Steamer. I From.
c.
: f
Robt. Adamson.|Nanalmo
State of Cal Portland
Projrreso [Ticoma
Corona |San Diego „.
G. W. Elder.... [Portland
Point Arena |Polnt Arena
Crescent City... Crescent City
North Fork Humboldt
Miami Seattle
San Pe<iro, Humboldt
Queen -•• Victoria & Puget Sour
Moana Sydney
Emplr* Coos Bar.
Pomona Humboldt
Matteawan Tacoma
A Blanchard... Coos Bay
Arcata Coos Bay..
Aloha ..... Crescent City
Samoa Humboldt
Columbia Portland
Aberdeen Portland
China China and Japan
Volumnla Hamburg
E Thompson... SeattU
Bristol Departure Bay
Santa Rosa. San Diego
Coos Bay Newport
Newbur* Grays Harbor
T
....[Jan.
... .la.-..
...[Jan.
...I Jan.
...|Jan.
...Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
...Jan.
nd Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
...IJan.
....Jan.
....Jan.
....Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
.... Jr.n.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
D
13
U
n
ii
n
v
11
. v
v
12
. 12
v
v
. v*
a
: U
. li
19
. 13
15
. 15
. 13
IS
. 15
. 17
, 13
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Brunswick .Humboldt jjan. 10, 12 m, Pier 20
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 10. 10 anvPter IS
Australia .. Honolulu Jan. 10. 2 pmiPter 7
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 11. 9am Pier 11
Cmatllla ... Vie & Pgt 3d. Jan. 11. H> am|Pler •
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13. 10 am ' Pier 3*
Corona San Dleno Jan. 13, 11 am | Pier 11
Homer Oregon Ports. Jan. 13. 10 am! Pier 20
pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 13. ZpmjPler 2
A Blanch" d;Coo» Bay Jan. 13. lpmPterU
North Fork. iHumboldt ! Jan. 14. Sampler 2
C Nelson. ..IPuget Sound.. IJan. 14, 10 am Pier 2
pomona Humboldt Jan. 14, 2pm|Pler >
Santa Cruz. San Pedro Jan. 15. 9 am, Pier 11
Arcata Coon Bay Jan. 13, lOanvPlerlJ
Uon?. Maru Chlna&Japan Jan. 18. 1 pm'PMS3
Aloha Crescent City. ' Jan. 16. 3 pm;Pler 2
Queen )Vic & P*t 3d. Jan. 16. lOamPier »
Santa Rosa. San Diego Jan. 17, 11 am Pier U
Columbia ..(Portland Jan. IS, 10am;Pler2t
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Brunswick .Humboldt jjan. 10, 12 m, Pier 20
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 10. 10 anvPter IS
Australia .. Honolulu Jan. 10. 2 pmiPter 7
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 11. 9am Pier 11
Cmatllla ... Vie & Pgt 3d. Jan. 11. H> am|Pler •
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13. 10 am ' Pier 3*
Corona San Dleno Jan. 13, 11 am | Pier 11
Homer Oregon Ports. Jan. 13. 10 am! Pier 20
pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 13. ZpmjPler 2
A Blanch" d;Coo» Bay Jan. 13. lpmPterU
North Fork. iHumboldt ! Jan. 14. Sampler 2
C Nelson. ..IPuget Sound.. IJan. 14, 10 am Pier 2
pomona Humboldt Jan. 14, 2pm|Pler >
Santa Cruz. San Pedro Jan. 15. 9 am, Pier 11
Arcata Coon Bay Jan. 13, lOanvPlerlJ
Uon?. Maru Chlna&Japan Jan. 18. 1 pm'PMS3
Aloha Crescent City. ' Jan. 16. 3 pm;Pler 2
Queen )Vic & P*t 3d. Jan. 16. lOamPier »
Santa Rosa. San Diego Jan. 17, 11 am Pier U
Columbia ..(Portland Jan. IS, 10am;Pler2t
Steamer. I From.
c.
: f
Robt. Adamson.|Nanalmo
State of Cal Portland
Projrreso [Ticoma
Corona |San Diego „.
G. W. Elder.... [Portland
Point Arena |Polnt Arena
Crescent City... Crescent City
North Fork Humboldt
Miami Seattle
San Pe<iro, Humboldt
Queen -•• Victoria & Puget Sour
Moana Sydney
Emplr* Coos Bar.
Pomona Humboldt
Matteawan Tacoma
A Blanchard... Coos Bay
Arcata Coos Bay..
Aloha ..... Crescent City
Samoa Humboldt
Columbia Portland
Aberdeen Portland
China China and Japan
Volumnla Hamburg
E Thompson... SeattU
Bristol Departure Bay
Santa Rosa. San Diego
Coos Bay Newport
Newbur* Grays Harbor
T
....[Jan.
... .la.-..
...[Jan.
...I Jan.
...|Jan.
...Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
...Jan.
nd Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
...IJan.
....Jan.
....Jan.
....Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
.... Jr.n.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
.... Jan.
.... Jan.
... Jan.
D
13
U
n
ii
n
v
11
. v
v
12
. 12
v
v
. v*
a
: U
. li
19
. 13
15
. 15
. 13
IS
. 15
. 17
, 13
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets
7:»
". * 5:10
' 1:42 a. m.
O ITlme
S. Ft.
Time ITlme! ITlmei
Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft
H -W L W H W
10 ... 0:01 1.7
11 ... 1:06 J.O
1» ... 2:07 1.1
13 ... 3:04; 3.1
» ... 3:58 3.0
15 . 0:00' 4.9[
IS ... 0:37; 4.»;
5:35 «.O 1:52 0.1 8:47) 4.0
7:29 6.0 J:*S — 0.4 9:tT 4.1
8:22 8.1 3:SB|— o.7[ 10:39| 4.4
9:13 6.1 4:20,— 0.8 t 11:21! 4.7
15:00 6.0 4:5», — o.Bi I
4:45 3.0 10:45! 5.9 5:351—0.8
¦ 5:29 ».» U:2B| 6.6 t 6:07!— 0.3Board of Erin.
At the monthly meeting of the Ancient
Order of Hlbernia, Division No. 1. Board
of Erin, held last Monday night at 1153
Mission street. State Delegate J. J. Keat
ing presented a set of resolutions sympa
thizing with me Boers in their present
struggle. They were unanimously
adopted.
The death of P. Qulnn. who was an ac
tive member of the division, was an
nounced and & committee was appointed
to take suitable action.
SOLDIER FOOTPAD HELD.
Frank Moody, the soldier footpad, waa
held yesterday to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Conlan on three
charges of assault to rob and one charge
of assault to murder, his bonds being fixed
in $2000 on each charge.
The complaining witnesses were Martin
Van riaarlen, 94 Ninth street, whom
Moody shot and attempted to rob; Jacob
Spindler. 37 Harriet street, who was held
up along with his mother, and Fred L.
Hlngsbergen, 5118 Natoma street, who
was held up at Fourth and Howard
streets. In no Instance did Moody get
any money or jewelry. !
Several witnesses, noldiers from the
Presidio, were called to testify to
Moody's bravery as a soldier in Cuba and
In the Philippines.
POSTT7M CEREAL.
WRECKED BY COFFEE.
Heart Failure Caused by the Seduc-
tive Cup.
"I have been a great coffee drinker
for several years. For a long time I
thourht I could not eat without coffee.
"Have been troubled with my sto-
xr.uch, nerves and heart. The worse I
felt the less I ate, and the more coffee
1 drank.
"I have taken many different kinds
of medicines, but could not secure an>
lasting benefit. Up to efeht weeks a&o
1 had but few well days in the preced-
ing two years. I could not do ordi-
nary housework, . except with great
care, because of heart failure.
"I met a friend who said she could
not drink coffee because it affected her
he-art so. I thought perhaps coffee
jnight be the cause of most of my trou-
bles, and so I quit the use of it about
eight weeks aeo and took up Postuni
Food Coffee. I have not taken any
medicine, and I have gained so fast
that it Is a surprise to my friends as
veil as to myself. I can eat, sleep and
work, and do not have any bad spells
with my heart fit all. I have been
•wanting to tell people what a relief it
If Eince I left off coffee and us*?d Pos-
tum Food Coffee. I want the fact pub-
lished that it may relieve some poor,
weak, nervous woman." — Emma Pllle,
¦South Wabash, Ind.
Ocean Wave Completed.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— The Santa Fe
steamer Ocean Wave has been completed
at Hay & Wright's shipyard and Is now
resting in the water. as soon as the
painters and upholsterers finish their
work the vessel will be ready to go into
commission.
have been turned out by the Krupp works
which are not destined for England, but
were ordered some time ago by Dr. Leyds.
BOYCOTTED FOR BEING
BOER SYMPATHIZERS
Citizens of Victoria, B. C, Wreak
Summary Vengeance on Others
for Helping Kruger's Men.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 9.— lndefinite
charges of pro-Boer sympathy have re
sulted in the boycotting and serious em
barrassment of a large number of Belgian
and Swedish Boer citizens, who vigorously
repudiate any treasonable connection.
Captain Victor Jacobson, who waa re
ported to have originated the Transvaal
aid campaign, had his fine sloop bored and
scuttled at her /moorings last night. He
and others are offering substantial re
wards for the identiilcation of their ene
mies.
Will Teach Zoology.
BERKELEY. Jan. 9.— The University of
California has called Dr. Frank W. Ban
croft, Ph. D., Harvard '98. to a chair in
the zoological department and he la now
on his way here from Germany, where he
has been engaged In scientific research.
Dr. Bancroft, though a young man. has
attained considerable repute among scien
tists and Is regarded as an acquisition to
the faculty.
FALSE HOLDUP REPORTS
MADE TO THE POLICE
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— The police have
been bothered lately with reports of hold
ups which have been without foundation
and they are in a quandary to find some
method of punishing the perpetrators.
Last night some unknown Individual sent
a report to police headquarters stating
that two masked and armed highwaymen
had robbed a person named William
Mather at the corner of Thirty-fourth and
B street in East Oakland. It was assert
ed that the robbers had procured $7 in
money and a valuable gold watch.
"I made a thorough investigation,"
said Chief Hodgkina, "and learned that
there was absolutely no truth In the mat
ter. I would only like to have got hold of
the man who sent In the report. It is
getting common for lots of fellows to tell
their wives and folks that they have been
held up and robbed after they have been
spending their money In carousing and
gambling. I am getting sick of that sort
of business and am making a list of these
fakers."
leader, for the purpose of presenting a
plan for united action by all elements op
posed to the Republican organization. The
actual business transacted by the caucus
was confined to the adoption of a resolu
tion for the appointment of the committee
of one member from each State to look
after the Congressional elections and the
selection of Messrs. Underwood of Ala
bama and Eppes of Virginia as "whips"
for the arrangement of pairs. Mr. New
lands spoke at considerable length con
cerning the unification of the elements op
posed to the political party now in power.
Bank Officials Elected.
Special Dispatch to The Call:
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. ?.— The stock
holders of the Commercial Bank ot this
city met here to-day and elected the fol
lowing directors: McD. R. Venable, W.
T. Scott, A. Tognazzinl, Joseph Edgar and
D. D. Barnard, San Luis Oblspo; Henry
Brunner, San Francisco; S. A. Dana.
Nlpomo; Peter Tognazzini, Cayucoa; B.
Pezzonl, Guadalupe.
The directors elected the following offi
cers: McD. R. Vennble. president; Henry
Brunner, vice president; D. D. Barnard,
secretary and cashier. The statement
Bhows a gain in the total extent of assets
of $100,000 and of undivided profits to the
extent of $16,000. A new bank building
valued at $15,000 is contemplated In the
near future.
Athletes to Go to Paris.
PRINCETON. N. J.. Jan. n.-Captain
Cregan announces that « r i picked team
from the regular track team vvi!l be taken
to Paris next summer to compete in the
Olympic games.
In ngurlng on the hour of arrival at the
*-everal ports and the hour of departure
the days are counted from noon to noon,
v'lilch will probably average. near enough
I<>r a comparison between these and other
fimllar voyages made. Upon this basis
the Brooklyn was under steam 44 days
and 17 days at anchor in five ports, mak
ing an average daily run of 263U miles,
or at a rate of nearly 11 knots an hour.
The New Orleans coaled four times, losing
3t> days in port, making ib days' steaming
lime and averaging nearly 258 knots daily,
or 10.73 knot.s per hour. The Nashville
replenished her coal supply at live sta
tions, involving a loss of 24 days, giving
f3 days at sea and an average daily run
of VZI miles, or at the rate of 9.25 knots an
hour.. The little Marietta stopped at six
«.-nlinp stations, with 24 days' loss of
Time, her steaming days thereby reduced
to 54 and showing an average daily run of
I. early 217 miles, or exactly S knots, which
v;'- very fair for the San Francisco built
punboat.
The distances between the several port*?
where stoppages were made have been
taken by the most direct and stralghtest
Ftec-red course, and these distances are
piven as follows;
*¦'•«- Tcrk to Gibraltar J 200
Gibraltar, to Port Said l,*W
lvn .Sai<3 to Aden 1,392
A<ien to Colombo 2,130
tVilombo to Singapore 1.f.50
£ingapore to Masile. 1,866
Total. New fork to Manila 11.533
It was expected that, barring the re-
Ftrictions imposed by steaming at the
mopt ?•eonomical speed, which ranges from
eleven to eight knots in the ships repre
sented, there would be no unnecessary de
lay at the coaling stations. Coaling
should only have required about ten days,
and the excess Is probably caused by
overhauling of machinery and boilers.
The highest average speed reached be
tween intermediate ports was 13.70 knots
for the Brooklyn between Colombo and
Singapore, and her lowest average run
w;ts 8.86 knots between Aden and Co
.'omlwi. The New Orleans ran off an aver
age of 12.90 knots between Aden and Co
lombo, and fell as low as 9.70 for the run
between Port Said and Aden, due prob
ftbly (o delay in the Suez canal. The
Nas-hville and Marietta reeled off an aver
age of 11.1 and 11 knots respectively on
the run from Aden to Colombo.
The records of transports and other
Government vessels not of the navy make
0 better showlner. the best time having
l>ecn made by the hospital ship Relief,
v.-hich accomplished the voyage from New
York to Manila in 40 days. The Sherman
made the trip in 42 days, the Sheridryi In
M days and the Hooker in 57 days. While
¦t'lese vessels, barring the Relief, may not
have avt-raK*>d greater speed, they prob
ably shortened the voyage very mate
rially by r.ot tarrying too long- at the coal
ing stations, and the Brooklyn, of all ves
sels, should certainly have made a better
record.
RELATIVE SPEED
OF WAR CRAFT
«
Details of the Run to
Manila.
Fp~i»l IHfT>9tch to Th« Call
CALL HEADQKARTHRP. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.—
The arrival of the Marietta, tho last of
the flp^t fmiorert to Manila on the sugges
tion of Admiral Dowey. to render effective
a blockade of Philippine ports, has given
nn '-pportunity to compare the steaming
•jualiiies and coal endurance of the sev
eral vessels on the long voyage. Much In
terest w.is aroused in naval circles while
tho ships were on thrir way, but an ex
nniinntlon of the records made is rather
disappointing. These records indicate
that i2iid«*r instructions from the depart
ment the most economical speed was
maintained, and only one captain ma.nl
f»-«;i«^i apparent <lesire to reach his linal
j. .rt in that he made shorter stny*
nt the coal bunkers. The following table
idves the principal details of the war ves
k!s hurriedly dispatched to blockade
Philippine port*, in which connection it Is
jo be noted that the dispUiremont given
J- that with coal bunkers Hlled:
% • A
* NATURAL APERIENT WATER is the best known, the safest, and g
g the most trustworthy remedy for CONSTIPATION. jj>
It is invaluable for tho roliof of DYSPEPSIA. BILIOUSNESS. TORPID LIVEIUnd $
fl> HEMORRHOIDS, in which its efficacy is nnauestionablo. It clears tho blood ot fl>
$ *>
fl> GOUT and RHEUMATISM, a-.-l U secures A CLEAR COMPI.EXIOy. *
«> ¦• m
HUNYADI JAXOS nfvorp;ripM, nndisnGverfollowedbrunpleasantaftor-cffeets. 2
May bo eafoly administered to children. Average doi«i a wineclassful before x
T breakfast, either puro or diluted, with a similar Quantity of hot oreold water. .
I ANDREAS S^XLEHNER, proprietor, f
$ Budapest, Hungary. |
Insolvency Petition.
Walter A. Butler. San Francisco. %XX 23:
no assets.
Well Test Will Soon Occur.
OAKLAND. Jan. 9.— M. S. Hires, who
has the contract for testing the Roberts
wells, will commence work some time the
latter part of this week. The Board of
Works will probably appoint an expert to
oversee the Job to-morrow.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— D. S. Allen of
Los Angeles la at the Dewey Hotel. F. A.
Mayers and wife of San Francisco are at
the Metropolitan. Mrs. S. G. Hilborn and
daughter of Oakland are at the Hamilton.
Magyar Egylet Election.
Elso San Francisco I. Magyar Egylet.
which Is the official name of the first
Hungarian Society of this city, has elect
ed the following officers for the current
term: M. Schwartz, president: Alexander
Hoffman, vice president: S. Szegedy. trea
surer; William Rosenberg, recording
secretary; Sig. Grossman, librarian; J.
Novitzky, I. Fried and B. Clegle, trus
tees.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— Charles E. Fred
ericks of San Francisco Is at the Hoff
man; Miss A. D. Apperson of San Fran
cisco Is at the Netherlands; H. Thorp ot
Secramento is at the Herald Square.
URGE THAT DRYDOCKS
BE MADE OF STONE
Naval Experts Point Out That
Wooden Structures Have Been ~
Proved Unreliable.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— Secretary Long
has written to Senator Hale, chairman
of the Senate Committee on Naval Af
fairs, and Acting Chairman Foss of the
House Naval Committee, strongly em
phasizing the advantage of stone over
timber drydocks and urging that the ma
terial for new docks at League Island,
Pennsylvania, and Mare Island, Califor
nia, be changed from timber to stone. He
cays Admiral K-ndicott, chief of tho Bu
reau of Yards and Docks, reports that the
change can be made without modifying
the work already done or without Increase
of cost due to the abandonment of work
already done.
Admiral Kndlcott also reports at length,
Jtatfng that "timber drydocks are found
by the Government's experience to be
structures of a temporary character, re
quiring very extensive repairs after the
lapse of a few years, and frequently these
repairs amount to a reconstruction of the
work, while drydocks of concrete and
stone are permanent structures, requiring
very slight repairs."
Ho adds that In case of urgency, as In
time of war, such unreliable drydocks aro
of intolerable disadvantage to the naval
service. The navy has spent in the last
ten years, he says, eight times as much
upon Its four timber docks as upon it
four masonry drydocks. Secretary Long
writes that he fully concurs in the views
expressed.
Will Dedicate Library.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 9.—
The dedication ceremony of the new
Thomas Welton Stanford Library and
Assembly Hall will be held next Thurs
day at 2:30 p. m. The dedication ad
dress, "The Social Meaning of the Open
Library," will be delivered by Professor
George Elliot Howard of the local his
tory department. There will also be ad
dresses by the Rev. Horatio Stebbins,
D. D., of the board of trustees; H. C.
Nash, librarian of the university, and
President Benjamin Ido Wheeler of the
University of California.
COURT NOTES.
Superior Judge Daingerfleld adjourned
court yesterday and went to Santa Rosa
to sit on the water works cases. Judge
Dougherty of Santa Rosa will occupy the
bench in Department 2 until Judge Dain
gerfleld returns.
Emma C. Baker has filed suit against
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany to recover $1740 damages for the fail
ure of the company to supply gas at her
home, 301 Grove street, after due notice In
writing.
John T. Hyland. who on October 1 last
entered tho apartments of Andrew Petti
grew. 21 Hawthorne street, with the in
tent to commit larceny, was yesterday
convicted of burglary In the second de
gree. The conviction of Hyland was As
sistant District Attorney Deuprey's first
official victory.
Assistant District Attorney Alford yes
terday began the second trial of Ruby
Raymond before Judge Lawlor on a
charge of taking away Nathalie Danforth.
a minor, for illegal purposes. Seven jurors
were selected yesterday. gaujaa
NOVEL ORDER OF
BOARD OF PARDONS
Idaho Officials Insist That Released
Criminals Must Neither Drink
Nor Gamble.
Pt*-c!rl nupatch to The CaJl.
BOISE. Idaho. Jan. £•.— The State Board
of Pardons has adopted a novel method
<if correcting rvil outside of the prison
•walls. Hereafter any convict who may
lie pardoned or whose Fent»»nced may be
« omm'Jted w!M find the prison ;urain star
ing him in the face every time he fo
much as takes a drink of liquor. Two
men were released on thone conditions to-
tiay. The order of the board is that any
<r>fivict bo released who In future Is
<aught taking a drink, carrying a con
cealed weapon or gambling Ib susceptible
of Immediate return to prison to serve
out the remainder of his *•» ntenc*?, though
vcani may have elapsed since the time of
his pardon.
General Berriozzabal Dead
CITY OF MEXICO. Jan. 9.— Genera!
Felipe BerrlozzabalJ Minister of War. and
one of Mexico's ablest commanders and
patriot?, dl*»d at 8 o'clock to-night.
An Emeryville Bride.
OAKLAND. Jan. 9.— Amanda Blanch
Harbridge, aged 18 years, residing In
Emervvllle, and James Peter Kenney,
aged i 4, of San Francisco, were married in
County Clerk Jordan's ofllce this after
noon. Justice Qulnn officiated, and the
witnesses were Alice Harbridge and Wil
liam Burton.
e*o«o*e*e*o*e*e*o
GENERAL BUTLER'S
ADVICE NOW NEEDED
LONDON, Jan. 10, 4:30 a. m.— The War
Office has not contributed the least par
ticular as to what Is taking place In Na
tal since Sunday. Neither has It allowed
the dispatches of correspondents to get
through. Consequently the facts of the
situation are replaced by conjectures and
the Impatience of the public pours Itself
Into a discussion of the conduct of the
war and of what might have been done
or ought to be done.
The Morning **ost demands that the.
forces affected, afloat and In preparation,
sJiould be Increased by 65,000 men. To this
end It urges tnat all the trained men the
country possesses, militia and volunteers,
shai< be called out, asserting Incidentally
that although the attitude of th« other
powers Is correct In the diplomatic sense
of the word, an Invasion, if attempted,
wouid be sudden, and that now Is the
time to apprehend contingencies.
The Dally News editorially defines the
public opinion of the Continent as "In a
state which should not be Ignored."
It calls for "greater vigilance than ever
o/i the part of those responsible for the
efficiency of the state," and advises cau
tion and business-like diplomacy.
The Dally Mall says It understands that
the supercession of another general com
manding In South Africa will shortly be
announced. This may have relation to
General Butler's hasty summons from
Davenport. It Is reported that he came by
special train to London yesterday and
h*!d a long consultation with the head
quarters staff. This seems to Indicate
that his advice, which only recently was
in extreme disfavor. Is about to be util
ized.
YOUNG CONSUL HAY
PERSONA NON GRATA
CHICAGO. Jan. 9.— A special to the
Chronicle from Washington says: When
young Adelbert Hay, son of the Secre
tary of State, reaches Pretoria to assume
charge of the United States Consulate at
the capital of the Soutn African repub
lic, he will be Informed by Kruger that
he Is persona non grata, and that he is
at liberty to return to Washington at his
own convenience.
GARRISONED BY REBELS.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— The Daily Mail lias
the following dispatch, dated Sunday,
January 7, from Cape Town:
"Dordrecht is now garrisoned by 1000
rebels, thus releasing the Orange Free
State troops for service elsewhere."
LYDDITE SHELLS FOR BOERS.
LONDON. Jan. 10.— The Berlin corte
spondent of the Dally MalJ gives, under
reserve, a report that 45,000 lyddite sheila
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Fred Cox, the Sacramento banker. Is a
guest at the Grand.
F. A. Scbnider, a San Jose capitalist, is
a guest at the Lick.
Dr. J. S. Taylor. U. S. N.. Is one of la3t
night's arrivals at the Palace.
J. K. O'Brien, a wealthy fruit man of
Marysvllle. is registered at the Lick.
B. V. Sargent, an Influential attorney
of Salinas, 1b a guest at the Occidental.
Among the recent arrivals at the Grand
Is P. Musto, a prominent business man of
Stockton. •
Dr. W. C. "Watts, one of the leading
medical men of Cazadero. Is staying at
Fred A. Greenwood and James P. Mc-
Carthy have gone to Los Angeles on a
short business trip.
George E. Goodman, the banker and
capitalist, has come down from his home
In Napa nnd is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Corey, two of the lead-
Ing society people of Salinas, are among
the late arrivals at the Occidental.
S. N. Rucker, one of the best-known of
the business men of San Jose, is at the
Palace while on a flying trip to this city.
J A. Fillmore of the Southern Pacific
Company has left the city on a tour of
inspection which will probably carry him
as far as Ogden.
Dr and Mrs. Thomas Flint and Thomas
Flint Jr. are all registered at the Palace,
where they arrived yesterday from their
home In San Juan.
H. J. Small of the Southern Pacific
Company has come down from his head
quarters at Sacramento and Is at the
Palace. He Is on one of his regular busi
ness trips.
Lady Bromley has returned from a
visit to Monterey and Is again registered
at the Palace. She will leave in a short
time for the East, to be present at th©
marriage of her son to one of the daugh
ters of Sir Julian Panncefote.
Mrs. Jackson's Will Attacked.
OAKLAND. Jan. 9.— When Mrs. S. A.
Jackson, Just prior to her death in 1896.
deeded all her real property to her
daughter. Mrs. Eva Metcalf, she did not
foresee what a dispute would follow In
the courts. After her demise her son, J.
H. Jackson, found only about $100 remain
ing in the estate to be administered upon,
po he brought suit against Mrs. Metcalf
on behalf of himself and three other chil
dren to have the deed set aside on the
ground that it was made under undue in
fluence. The dispute was partially aired
In Judge Hall's court this afternoon, when
Mrs. Metcalf testified that her mother
had made the deed of her own free will.
Mrs. George Jackson testified that her
mother-in-law had declared her Intention
to make other disposition of the $4000
farm.
EXPECTED VISIT OF
FATHER OF ENDEAVOR
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— Word has just been
received here of an intended visit by Rev.
Francis E. Clark, familiarly called
"Father Endeavor" Clark, to this State
two weeks hence. His Itinerary Includes
Sunday, the 21st. in Sacramento, and
Tuesday. 23d. in San Francisco.
A telegram was sent him to-day by the
Alameda County Christian Endeavor
Union asking that he. speak In Oakland
Monday night, the 22d inst.
Dr. Clark is on his way around the
world and will sail for the Orient from
San Francisco on the 24th. He will visit
many foreign lands and reach London In
July for ¦ the International convention,
which convenes In that city on the 14th of
thnt month.
Dr. Clark's last visit here was In May
last, when he attended the State conven
tion. His coming always means a large
and enthusiastic gathering of young peo
ple. Some of the largest receptions he
ever had were given him in this city. If
he consents to appear here this time an
effort will be made to outdo aril former oc
casions. Either the First Congregational
or the First Presbyterian Church will be
secured and a large chorus arranged to
lead the singing. A special reception
committee will be appointed to care for
the honored guest until his departure
from these shores.
Last of El Nido Club.
OAKLAND. Jan. 9.— lt has taken three
years to wind up the affairs and legal en
tanglements of the defunct El Nido Club
of Alameda. The final account of the re
ceiver, J. P. Allen, was approvea by Judge
Ellsworth to-day, and he was discharged.
The club was the swellest of its kind in
Alameda County and among Its members
were prominent citizens and officials, but
because the club bills were not promptly
paid it became necessary for creditors to
attach its property.
CAPITALIST NICHOLL
SEEKS A NEW TRIAL
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— The motion for a
new trial in the Hodge-Nicholl breach of
promise suit will come on for hearing be
for Judge Ogden on January 22. The state
ment on the motion was filed to-day by
the attorneys for John Nicholl, the aged
and wealthy defendant. The document
consists of 230 type-written pages, which
the attorneys for Miss Jane Hodge will
have to wade through. The grounds on
which the motion for a new trial is
based are briefly as follows: Irregularity
in the proceedings of the court, jury and
counsel, preventing defendant having a
fair trial; $25,000 being excessive damages;
Insufficiency of evidence to Justify the
verdict; verdict against law, and errors
of law accruing at the trial and excepted
to by defendant.
Dr. Sander Fined Again.
OAKLAND. Jan. 9.— Dr. J. Ambrose
Sander has been denied a new trial by
Judge Smith and been ordered to pay a
fine of $250 for violating the fire limits
ordinance. The defendant refused to pay
the judicial assessment and took an ap
peal to the Superior Court. Sander has
been convicted before for the same of
fense, but that did not deter him, and
he has persisted in Ignoring the law. On
a previous occasion the Superior Court
dismissed his appeal and sustained the de
cision which found him guilty.
Women of Oakland Take Steps for the Com
fort of Female Employes.
THE women of Oakland have gone even beyond the Mothers'
Union of Golden Gate, and they demand not only seats for fe
male clerks in stores, but a place where female employes con go at
noontime and lunch and rest quietly. Action to this end was taken
by the Women's Christian Temperance Union of Oakland and is
officially announced by their press agent. "
The W. C. T. U., through their press agent, Mrs. Margaret B.
Pelton, has issued a statement which tells their experience with the
question of seats in stores.
Mrs. Alice Bunnell of the Oakland Club declares herself ear
nestly in favor of the proposed reform.
THE SEAT
LAW IS A
DEAD LETTER
W. C. T. U. Women Issue a
Statement About Female
Clerks.
OAKLAND. Jan. o.— The Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union of Oakland has Is
sued an oilicial statement through its
press agent, Mrs. Margnrct B. Pelton, in
which it says that the law requiring seata
In stores has been allowed to become a
dead letter. The members ask that some
plan be adopted whereby a "noon rest"
can be maintained, where clerks can aecure !
rest and cheap refreshments.
But the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union goes beyond this, and Bays that the
female clerks are not allowed to use the
seata that the law requires to be placed
in the stores.
This is the official statement issued by
the Woman's Christian Temperance Un
ion upon this question:
Many months aso when the Noon Kest, with
lunch and reading rooms, was oiiened in tho
I'layter block by Oakland Union. \V. C. T. U.,
and the tired cirls and weary women crowded
In from store and offlce to enjoy a cup of hot
tea or chocolate and a rest in easy chairs or a
couch, with the latest papers and magazines
Just within reach, it was an open secret that
the next, move for the comfort of the girls "
was to be an effort on the i>art of the ladies
to have sections 5, 6 and 17 enforced.
This law enacted in ISS9 throuKh the efforts
of the women who had succeeded in arousing
the interest of the lawbreakers, was like bo
many other good laws allowed to become a
dead letter after the tlrst few years— not more
through the neglect of the Commissioner than
the indifference of those who had striven bo
earnestly to have it passed.
Having gained their point and rejoiced over
their victory, they turned to fresh fields and
pastures new, never doubting that the "good
Commissioner" would take care of the good
laws, and that between them both the work-
Ing girl and the clerk and the saleslady would
be provided with seats and allowed to occupy
those seats without incurring the displeasure
of the lloorwalker or the proprietor.
After investigating the stores and finding
that some ot them were provided with seats,
the natural inquiry arose, "Why are not these
seats occupied when your work is done?" This
whs not answered in a straightforward man
ner, but sometimes playfully and sometimes
sarcastically the changes would be rung on the
old adage, "Woman's work is never done."
After a while it dawned upon us that for some
good reason the girls did not care to answer.
Then we went to a floorwalker In one of our
largest stores and boldly facing the lion de
manded to know why the girls didn't use the
Mats provided. The answer was, "Perhaps
they found that while seats may tend to length
en the life of the average woman, they
do not lengthen her term of employment In
any business house."
3d that was the secret— the solution of the
mystery as to why the girls did not wish us to
urge this much r.oeded reform. >
We asked a bright girl clerk why she did not
avail herself of the privilege of rest between
customers. "When your goods are all replaced
tru your counter clear, what harm would come
to any on« by your sitting down?" "Dear ma
dam," was the reply, "if you were a clerk and
tried It. and the floorwalker came and looked at
you. Just once, you would know the reason bet
ter than I could possibly tell you."
After this revelation of the "Lady and the
Lion" we allowed the matter to drop for fear
of injuring Instead of helping the grtrls we
had tried to defend. All this came out
anew at the meeting of the union on Monday
afternoon when they were asked to Indorse
the resolution passed by the Golden Gate
Mothers' Club, which they did most heartily,
hoping that some bright mind would develop
a way out of the difficulty through which our
girls would reap the benefit and the merchants
find that Instead of injuring their business by
providing for the health and comfort of their
help they had gained financially and morally.
MARGARET B. PELTON.
INSANE DOCTOR PUTS
A BABE TO DEATH
Called Upon to Treat the Little One,
He Crushes Its Head With
His Hands.
HAMPTON', lowa, Jan. 9.— Dr. G. W.
Appleby, for several years tho leading
physician at Brlstow. Butler County, last
evening. In a fit of Insanity, killed a ten
months' old child of Henry Wearly of this
place, while making an examination of It
In Dr. Hobson;s office In this city. The
parents had brought the child to Dr. Hob
son's office to be treated for some trifling
ailment, and before he had time to attend
to it he was called out. Dr. Appleby, who
was visiting Dr. Hobson, was In the office,
and Hobson suggested that Dr. Appleby
make the necessary examination, which,
as soon as Dr. Hobson left the office, he
proceeded to do.
He took the child In his arms and han
dled It so roughly that the parents pro
tested, but to no avail. He suddenly put
his thumbs under its chin and with his
fingers on top of Its head crushed its face
In so that the blood gushed out of Its
nose and mouth. Then ne seized the child
by one foot and began swinging It around
his head, resisting all efforts of the terror
stricken parents to stop him. and It was
not until help arrived that the child was
taken from him. It was quite dead.
The Insane Commission was convened
and at midnight Dr. Appleby was on his
way to the Hospital for the Insane at In
dependence. TSiree or four hours after the
occurrence he seemed comparatively ra
tional, and said he knew what he was
doing when he killed the child, but could
not help It. The cause of his Insanity Is
supposed to be religious excitement.
BECOMES INSANE AND
DROWNS HIMSELF
James Stranahan of Lodi Suffering
From Religious Mania Plunges
Into the Mokelumne.
LODI, Jan. 9.— ln a fit 'of religious in
sanity James Stranahan jumped Into the
Mokelnmno River at Woodbridge tbla
morning. The body has not been recov
ered. Stranahan left the Cutting Fruit
Packing Company's orchard at about t
o'clock this morning. He had been in. a
deep religious mood early In the evening,
asking friends to pray for him, stating
that he had been converted a short time
before. Stranahan walked nine miles to
Woodbridge. He took off his clothes and
piled them up neatly on the bridge and
plunged In. «
Stranahan had always been considered
sound of mind until the last few days. He
was about 35 years of age and unmarried.
SILVER MEN CAUCUS.
Democratic Members of the House
Unite and Discuss Plans,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— A well-attend
ed caucus of the Democratic members of
the House of Representatives was held to
night. Mr. Newlands of Nevada of tho
Silver party was present by invitation of
Mr. Richardson, the Democratic floor
WOMEN MUST
"STAND BY"
THE WOMEN
Mrs. Bunnell Thinks That
the S and Taken Is
Right.
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— The Oakland Club,
of which Mrs. G. W. Bunnell is the presi
dent, will meet to-morrow, and the reso
lutions of the Golden Gate Mothers' Union
with regard to providing seats for clerks
In stores will then be considered. It Is Im
possible to fay what action will be. taken,
but Mrs. Bunnell is in earnest accord with
the movement. Speaking of the matter,
Mrs. Bunnell said this afternoon:
"There is no reason why a girl employrd
In a store should not sit down when not
engaged In her work, and the idea among
merchants that it conveys an idea of dull
ness Is a fallacy. We women know when
an establishment Is doing a good or a bad
business, and we also know where we
want to deal before we go out to buy any
thing. The working women should be
treated humanely, and 1 think that in
those cases where they are not the mat
ter will be remedied. I have not discussed
the matter very extensively, but all tho*e
whom I have seen are apparently a unit
on the Idea that merchants should pro
vide seats for their employes, to be used
while they are not engaged."
The matter In question could hardly
come directly before the Ebell Society, be
cause of the difference in the line of work
of that organization, but the ladies are
in sympathetic accord with the movement
that began In Golden Gate.
"The Ebell Society has taken no formal
consideration of the matter," said Mrs. ft.
P. Gleason, the president, "but every
member Is heartily In accord with the
proposition to furnish seats for the young
ladles employed in the various downtown
stores. As I understand it, most of the
female employes are thus provided for,
but there is not always the opportunity
to use them. No matter how wealthy a
¦woman is. she always has a sisterly feel
ing for the less fortunate female, and does
not want to see her abused. The members
of the Ebell Society will take no concerted
action In the matter, but I am sure that
they will all act individually."
JUDGE SMITH
DISMISSED THE
REGULAR JURY
Held There Was Bias
in Its Selection.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Jan. 9.
Police Judge Smith to-day dismissed the
regular Police Court jury panel that had
been summoned to try the case of Joe
Rosenberg, charged with maintaining a
place where the now famous crap game
was run. The dismissal was made upon
the claim by the defense that the jury
was selected by a member of the police
force who was prejudiced against the crap
players.
The jury was selected by W. A. Moore,
the regular jury otticer, and waa in at
tendance to try the ca.se of Joe Rosenberg,
the owner of the place. The defense at
tacked Moore ami charged that he be
lieved that the defendant was guilty and
that ho had selected jurors In accordance
with his own view of the case.
Moore was called to the stand and ad
mitted that he believed Rosenberg was
guilty, but den'ert that this affected his
selection of a jury.
A motion was then made by the attor
neys for Rosenberg that the entire regular
jury panel be dismissed by the Police
Judge upon the grounds of bias on the
part of the officer who selected them.
Judge Smith allowed the motion and
ordered that a new panel be summoned
by the Sheriff, the police being held to be
too much interested in the prosecution to
be able to select an impartt.il jury. This
panel was not brought into court until
late in the afternoon, and the selection of
a jury was gone through with before the
court finally adjourned. The panel was
exhausted when nine jurors had been
selected, and the case will be tried to
morrow by the following men: M. J. Hal
llhan. Fred Murdock. W. A. Young. M.
Ricker, James King. George Duddy, Wil
liam Irish, W. Moore and Thomas
Wyckoff.
There was a big crowd in the court
room, drawn there because this was the
trial of Rosenberg, the man with whom
Police Judge Smith took his midnight
supper, and because this was one of the
cases where the Police Department was
making Its most determined contest.
Would Have a "Noon Rest" Also
STOLE A YACHT
AID EMULATED
CAPTAIN KIDD
Young Pirates in the
Law's Clutches.
AI.AMHDA. Jan. 9.-6teve Potter, a
youth of 20 years, with three companions
of his own age. stole a yacht, cruised the
bay as pirates bold, and then tiring of
the fun they were having sold their booty
and appropriated the proceeds for candy
and cigarettes and drink.
Now Potter has fallen into the clutches
vt the law. Detectives Kyan and O'Deu
.swoopi-u down upon him lv San i'"ranciseo
yesterday, lliey brought Him to Aiameda
th:s morning und a cnaige of grand lai
ct-ny was piaced against ins name. Jus
tice W tne Peace iiorris nxed the baal at
Jliw, which nas not yet been supplieu.
i'otui's. companions are boing sought
tor. The ponce have tn«.-m located.
'Hie stolen >acht was the Nellie C. the
property of Julius E. back, und was taken
irom tne estuary on tne 11th ot December
last. It was? moored at that time ott the
clubhouse of the California lacht Club,
iitar Webster street bridge.
The piratical yuartet conducted things
somewnat after the manner ot the late
captain Klctd. Tney loaded a email skiff
with provisions, artillery and lyddite
Bhells and pulled out to the Nellie C in
the dead or night. They had already
spotted the- yacnt as "easy." When every
tninc had been placed aboard up camo the
anchor and away she sailed. After the
pirates had stealthily worked her out of
Oakland Creek sails were squared for the
Mann County shore. It was a ticklish
Job getting past the revenue cutters oa
the lookout in the roadstead, but tne pas
sage was made without even »o much as
an Inquisitive hail, tsu cautiously per
fonntd was the work.
When all the Uunger was lost thought
of and the narrow t;auge pier and Goat
Island had vanished in the gloaming
these rovers of tne sea started to enjoy
themselves. Of the liquid refreshments
with which they ioadea unstintingly the
pantry of the snip the pirates partook in
quantities plenteous. At times the crew
became real boisterous through too frtely
Imbibing, and mere being danger of dis
covery it became necessary tor Potter,
who says he ottlciated as captain, to sup
press tne noisy lot with a belaying pin.
These little "jolly ups" were kept up
nightly as long as the cruise lasted.
During the daytime the chief amuse
ment consisted of shooting at ducks. All
the sloughs of the marshes in the vicinity
of San yuentin were galled In the effort
to locate birds willing to be slaughtered.
The pirates found, though, that Marln
birds are "wise." They kept out of range
of the guns and refused to be killed. Tne
only bird bagged was an innocent shag,
who took a chance and lost.
After cruising around four or five days
the pirates became disgusted at the lack
of results and decided to sell the yacht.
They disposed of it to parties in San Ra
fael'for $*J0 and divided the money among
themselves. Then they returned to their
homes in San Francisco.
"We had a good time while It lasted,"
tearfully explained young Potter from
behind the bars in the City Jail, "but now
1 suppose 111 have to pay for it. 1 didn't
want to sell the yacht after we got tired
of cruising around the bay. but told the
other fellows we d better take her back
to Oakland. They wouldn't listen, how
ever, and we sold her. We spent the
money on candy and cigarettes and
drinks."
The yacht has been returned to the
owner by the San Rafael parties who pur
chased her and they are out the money
they gave the boys for the stolen prop-
Potter comes of a pood family In San
Francisco. His mother visited him at the
City Jail and then went to San Francisco
to procure ball for her son's release. Pot
ter will not disclose the names of his
companions.
HE WILL MARRY
THE SWEETHEART
OF HIS BOYHOOD
Fresno Recorder's Ro
mance.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Jan. 9.
James McCune Kerr, Recorder of
Fresno County, and Miss Emma Varlna
McPherson. daughter of Daniel McPher
son, a well-to-do Contra Costa County
rancher, are the principals In a little ro
mance, the secret of which has just be
come known.
More than fifteen years ago, after Mr.
Kerr and Miss McPherson had been
sweethearts and schoolmates at Danville
for several years, the removal of the
Kerrs to Fresno County broke up the love
affair. Each has longed to see the other
again, but circumstances or opportunities
were such that the lovers have never met
until recently.
Several months ago, during the oil boom,
Mr. Kerr had occasion to visit San Fran
cisco on business connected with some oil
mining company. In the metropolis he
met by mere chance William Lee Mcrher
son, a brother of the sweetheart of his
boyhood days. Inquiry revealed the fact
that Miss McPherson was still in the land
of the living. On the evening of the same
day Mr. Kerr called at the MoPherson
residence In this city. The separation
during the past fifteen years had in no
wise cooled the ardor and attachment of
the couple and the agreeable climax of
that visit was the announcement to the
parents of the engagement, although the
matter was studiously kept from the ears
of gossips.
To-day Mr. Kerr paid a friendly visit
to Alameda County, Clerk Jordan and
"Just incidentally," as he expressed it. se
cured a marriage license to make Miss
Emma V. McPherson his bride. The ages
of the parties were given as 39 and 2C
years, respectively.
The marriage ceremony to-morrow
afternoon will be performed by Rev. R. S.
Thirmington. pastor of the Presbyterian
Church at Danville, where the bride and
groom-to-be attended Sabbath-school in
their childhood days. The affair will be
unostentatious and the conventional
bridesmaid and best man will not be In at
tendance. On the return from their
honeymoon the couple will make their
home at Fresno.
DECLARED GOD
ALONE SHOULD
SIT AS JUDGE
Albright Refused to
Act as Juror.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
DOS Broadway, Jan. 9.
If B. F. Albrights interpretation of the
Holy Writ was California law Gcd alone
would sit in judgment on lawbreakers
and no human agtncy would ever deal out
justice this side of the pearly gates.
Mr. Albright has conducted a barber
shop in Alameda for many years. His dis
tinction on the pedestal of notoriety has
never reached beyond his good reputation
as a law-abiding citizen, a good husband
and an expert manipulator of the hair
clipper and razor. To-day, however. Mr.
Albright created the sensation of his life
time in Judge Ojden's court.
The Alameda barber had been sum
moned as a Juror in the trial of John
Serverra, indicted by the Grand Jury for
perjury. Albright, am>;ng others, asked
to be excused from serving on the panel
of trial jurors for the ensuing term.
When asked for his reasons he arose
calmly In the Jury box and announced
that he did not feel competent to serve
as a Juror on account of nis religious be
liefs.
"My spiritual growth," he continued,
"has been such that I cannot sit in judg
ment on a fellow-man. I cannot agree to
find a verdict of guilty If called on a jury
when the effect would be the Imprison
ment of the individual on trial. Any man
who has transgressed the law I would
leave him with God alone.
"My spiritual growth has been such
that I do not feel that man should be
punished by human hands. I would leave
that with God to do, and I could not bring
in a verdict of guilty. 1 feel that way be
cause I am guided by Holy Writ ar.d
my conclusions are drawn from a very
close study of the Bible. I could not find
a man guilty, no matter what he has
done. I would, therefore, ask to be ex
cused."
The courtroom at the time was crowded
with attorneys and spectators, who lis
tened with bated breath. The silence that
followed the Juror's exclamations was
broken only by Judge Ogden. who. ap
parently with wonderment, replied:
"Mr. Albright, you are not passing
judgment on a man when you sit as a
juror. It remains for the court to pass
judgment. You are simply the judge of
the facts. Your belief in the Bible makes
you the kind of a juror that is most de
sirable, but you misinterpret the gr«nt
book. While we all take the holy script
as our guide, yet your idea and interpre
tation would make right subordinate to
might, and anarchy would prevail over
the land. There is nothing in the Blhlo
to substantiate your views, for the Scrip
tures uphold law. order and society. Tho
execution of your ideas would mean law
lessness, disorder and confusion: crime
and individual strife would run rampant,
and society and government would be
torn asunder.
'•While I consider your excuse not a
valid one, I feel constrained, under th©
circumstances, to grant your request. You
may be excused."
And as the tonsorial interpreter or
Holy Writ passed out into the corridor
there was not a spectator whose eyes
were not fastened upon the man who
feared to judge his fellow-man ami who
believed that all wrongdoers should b«
tried by the Lord.
A Jury was secured finally and the trial
of Serverra cojnmenced.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1900.
Haywards, Oakland Alameda County News Berkeley, Fru it vale
(The date of departure from home port,
date of arrival at Manila, miles run and
total time of voyage are as follows for
the several ships:
9
= i
2
3
1
¦
! I.XI
i I.<C4
. 13 UJ
2*l
i MM
i ai
- c~ •<
p r
\l
. KB?
y
:
• |B,j
i! !
i »
IS;II.CS3 «1
21, D
1 A T\
21 1 11.5*3 61
¦ 1 1 D
30:U.76S 77
3 11.53S 78
- c~ •<
p r
\l
. KB?
y
:
• |B,j
i! !
i »
IS;II.CS3 «1
21, D
1 A T\
21 1 11.5*3 61
¦ 1 1 D
30:U.76S 77
3 11.53S 78
= i
2
3
1
¦
! I.XI
i I.<C4
. 13 UJ
2*l
i MM
i aiBAN FRANCISCO CALL.
I3r?INEPS OFFICE cf the Pan Francisco
C_!l. corner of M.-.rfcct ar.d Third streets, open
cr.til i: o'clock every night in the year.
rr.ANCK OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
rcrrrr Clay; cr*n until 9:30 p. m.
ICO Hayes rtreet; open until 9:-0 p. tn.
f'i McAllister Etreet; open until 9:23 p. m.
CZ Larkln etreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
¦ 1:41 Mission ftreet; epen until 10 p. ra.
"Cl Market etreet, ccrner Sixteenth: open
cntll J p. :n.
3CC Eleventh meet: oren tir.til S p. m.
&CX Vslrr.cla t-trect; cr^n nntil I p. B.
!T-3 Pdk stret-t; open until 9 p. m.
SCcrtbwcat corner of Twi-'y -second and Ken-
tucky rtrcrts; cjvn until 9 p. m.
__UTtXG NOTICES.
iTo'rXT MOr.IAH Lodse >>*"¦ «L F- and m
A. M.-li.etins THIS <\\ EDNKPDAY) i^
EVENING, at 7:3> oVl.x-k. First de- J%JK
THKO. FKOLICH. Secretary. /V >
CJtO'KETT Lo<i_e No. 129, P. and A. ft
M -r-.rst d.-ewe THIS (WEDNEB- i_f\_'
L>AT) EVE-CINO. January I<">. at '>^J%J\
o'clock. By orter ot the w. >i. / >
11. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
ESCrXSIOIt LoJse No. 165, I*. .md A. m
M -Special u.fHtir.s T3IIS AVEIjNES- _CV_
DAT! EVENING, January I*. *t '•' ZC 'J%J\
o clock, for l_tructl. n. '"v »
TIIEO. E. SMITH. Sec.
MISSION Lei'.£e SCO. K>?. F. and A. M.— A
c:c :i ;:c4 meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _#*_
EVENING at '~<* o'clock. PSrat <ie- >_f\
tree. C. D. BUNKER, Se<:vtan_________
_r
nnCVLAR tr.eetinr K. R. B. Hall X
Association srtU b*> held at their _ 4 »
hull. 1133 Mls-lon et. WEDNES- ?Jk f>
DAY, January 10. at S p. m. > _____T
PRESIDENT. *y<IJ-
ANNUAL meeting— The r<*eular annual meeting
of the stockholder* of the OCEANIC STEAM-
BUXP COMPANY T.UI be held at the office of
lh<» company. 127 Market ft.. {San FrencUco,
<"al.. on MONDAY, the 2_d day of January,
is**?, at the hour of 11 o'etoek a. m.. for tii*
I'urpo** of fl»ctir.ff a l>oard of directors to
serve lor the ensuine year and the transac-
tion of fcuch other li'islness us may come be-
fore the m*e_ttu>. Transfer books will close
on FRIDAY, Jar.vary 12, !*<*>, at 3 o'clock
;>. m. E. H. SHELDON, geeretarr.
ETOCS-H-OLDEB-T meeting— The annual meet-
ir.s oC the ,-torkholder* of the UNION IKON
WORKS will be held at the office of the rom-
par.y. ___ Market ft. San Francisco, on TUES-
DAY. January 23, l&'A at 11:3' o'clock a. m.,
Irr th" I>_ri> se of «-le.tln»; a b >arj of directors
to nrva lor the «'ntuin_: year and for the
trar.t-action of purh ether business as may
code before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Of_.-e. __ Market St., San I^rr_cisco. Cal.
January S, VjM.
,\"OTICE of mectlnc— The annual meeting of
the Association of the Hospital for Children
and Tr_!i:ir;c School for Nurses will l>e held
_t the hospital. 330} California tt. THURS-
DAY. January 11, at 1 o'clock p. m.
MRS. L. L. DVNISAR. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL m<retirg— Spring Valley Water Works
—The annual mectins of the EtockholJcrs of
the Spring Valley Water Works will be held
*t the cltice cf the company. 126 Stockton st.
Fan Francisco. Cal.. at 12 o'ciock m. on
WEDNESDAY, the 10th day of January. 1309.
to eW-t trustee- to serve for the ensuing year
er.d for the trarsacHcn of such other busi-
r.efs t-% may forrie lief ere the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
ANMAL meeting— The REGULAR ANNUAL
MKETING cf the stockholders of the Pajaro
Vall'.y Consolidated Railroad Co. will be held
et tbe office of the Company. 227 Market st.
Fan Fr_.nc!?eo. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 13th
«!_y cf January. 1509. Bt the hour of 11:13
•/clock a. m.. for the purpose of electlnz a
t>~BnS Of -irectcrs to serve for the enyuins
re_r nrd the transaction of such other busl-
rfjf • « may feme before the meeting. Trans-
t*r bocks will rlcre on FHIDAY. January 12,
1W at 3 o'clock r). m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
BORROW <->n <!!amcnds: pecrecy: crlvcte en-
trance; yrivate rm«. T"r"-le Harris. 13 Grant.
ASTROLOGY.
PnOF. A. MASERY r.f Ecypt trroateFt astrolo-
c'.^t ard S'.T.lmi?t In the trorM: satisfaction
T-'arr.nteM. <37 Goltlf-n Gate aye.
ATTOUNEVS AT LAW.
A!»VICE free; R. \V. KING, rwim 15. first fioor.
'"*— olet- 1 -::'.-ine: no advance charges: all
,-.i«f^; rjstntes. mortßnfree. damages, eolleo
tlons; barkrupt-ry; ¦wIHb, etc.. drawn; moder-
n to <>c*; call or write.
AOVXCE lice: divorce law a rpeclalty; private;
no fee without rucces«; collections. Q. W.
HOWE etty at law. fC>o Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE fi-pe; no charge unless successful. W.
vr. DAVIDSON. S-7 Market ft., opp. Mason.
F H _____ ACS. attorney «_t law. ha« re-
turned practice st MS Cat. *t. Clunle bids.
1_ «-•. CLARK. Emma Srreekely bid*.. SI7 Mar-
tert rt : c".nf.:*trnion free-, nn fee» In advance.
BOAKD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. I_2— United State. Hotel; rooms (1 50
week up. with board J."> W): suite <or two with
fcr_r_. tXt; board. JJ week; me_l«, 2Sc; ele-
vator runs el! r.lsfct.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market -Elepant
rrw furniture: first -cla^s in every respect;
table unsurrafsed; hot and fold water: ele-
\_tor; BBltea, with board fcr 2. toO month up.
us PALM AS. isi:> Market st— Suit" of 2 or 3
r:: ; private: bath; *ln. rms; b.-*rd optional.
NEW family hotel: first-class in all appotnt-
m< •-.?«: e_ce!ler.t tatle. 807 California «t.. oc-
t _; yir.g corner opposite Grace Church.
NJCELY furr-lshed room with board; home
cooking;; private family: gentleman preferred.
Ad-ress box 7<S. Call offlce.
•j;::LORAVIA HOTEL." Poik and Clay— Sun-
r.y f _Hes: best hoard: fcr 5. J45 up: einicle. $20.
HAIOIIT. _Sl— Sunny rooms with board; terms
Hi_HOH«T)>
O'FARRELL. 74J — Clean, comfortable rooms;
i;oo_ home cooking; special rates to Bents.
BORROW on ular.c*. furniture, diamonds,
vairitlnrs: merer y. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
HOARD ANIJ ROOMS WANTED.
ANY srr.c._!it to loan you on <V.amor.<Js; low ln-
fr^st. UNCLE HARRIS. K. Grar.t aye.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A I.\r<Y r.-ouM like one or two children to
tr-xird: ?10. „ Randall Ft.
TO board— Aa infant or small child; $10 per
raonth. no I^xlncton ay«
BOOKS SEW AND OLD.
CCIIOOLt HOOKS bought ar.d exchanged.
Hclrr.»s E-.r-k Co.. 704 Mli-glos ft., near Third.
JIOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
CHILDREN'S rhecs. all Ftyles, sizes i to 11.75 c
I J;*!-' «hoe«. ail elz«\«. $i. Men's shoes... Si _5
Ladies' lace or button >-l;o?«. all sizes Jl 00
iv.pl'j't Shoe Ktore. l_ r 3 Stockton, r.r. B'dwy.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A- f.IO— IJAKEKT r.e_r McAllister et; estab-
lished years; all store trade; large stock;
lent ?_; ( years' Sease; 1»_ barrels per day.
Call It G. WILICE. WG Market st.
PS*— FIBST-CXASS tlori-t's ;;tore; doing a good
!'_:¦!:;«»_; t;i!en_id location; cwner golnjf to
EUtrcp*; rent $2&; 2 living rjoms, furnished.
Call it. U. WILKE. 3« Market Et.
A~ >Q>; CZQJUX and candy store; rent J.O; very
fcert location north or Market Bt.; a first-class
|«ytn- business.; large Mock. Ca'.l It G.
WILKE. *-0- Market st •- *
A— !" 00; OOFf__S _al'>on and chophouse: rent
$_:: open <lay and r.ight and doing a flret-claae
paytns business. Call R. G. WILKE, 90S
Market st ;¦ ,".¦.
A— C'-CO; FItVIT and crooery, with hcrsc and
\va_rcn; dally receipts $_(>: rent |3o; tull value
in tis-l-.t; a sjl^ndld chance. Call It. G.
WILKE. SOS M_rkct tt.
A-J:r»; GROCEUY In Orkland. with horse tr.d
v.cs'.in: r-erit J10: a gixjd-paying business; all
;«>h stock. Call R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A— $<M; DELICACY etore and branch bakery.
<-« Larkin st; rent ?1_; good-paying business;
fine i/'.a-e for _ la<2les or man end wife. Call
tt. G. WILKE, SOC Market tt.
COUNi-It Grocery: a ennp; cause, party has
paraly-la. COWING & CO.. BSS Market Et.
CIGAIt Bl'»re on Market at.. f<icknos_ cause of
tale. COWING & <X>.. USD Market et.
CKOCEP.y and bar: corner; fine place; muit be
Bold. COWING & CO.. US) Market Et.
CANDY etoi-e. with room*: cheap rent; must
reli. COWING & CO.. 1120___rket st.
i:OGMING house; north of Market Ft: big bar-
Bain; sickness. COWING & CO., 1130 Market.
BRANCH bakery, with rooms; bar__in; sick-
ness cause. COWING & CO.. 113U Market rtJ
SALOON m Market ft.; ccc it to-day. COW-
ING & CO.. 11-0 Market Bt.
AT a barg-in— l2 head cattle, 1 horse. 14 goats,
I.isreons. chickens and hogs: house, furniture,
outhouses: ideal fishlr.e and hunting. GALE
& UENSON. 2tO I'arrott bulldins.
jrc— A SPECIAL bargain; grocery and bar on
a corner; cheap rent: grood business: snap.
GALE & BENSON. 33? Parrott building.
1100 PEK month to party with 1200; money ee-
c_rcd. GALE & UENSON. 320 Parrott bldg.
CHEAT b_r_rain: country town hotel. SS roomi
and bar: f.l boarder*; cheap rent; lease. GALE
* BENSON. K3 Parrott bulldlns.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
X— sr,o— PARTNER wanted: profitable business.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777',i Market st.
s*so— RESTAURANT and lodging house; old-es-
tablished business: owner retiring on account
of old age. Mclaughlin &. co.. 777»i
Market Ft.
$300— PART cash; pnrtn<=x wanted; flr.e corner
saloon; private entrance and rooms: will clear
$75 |i?r mo. each; good mnn wanted in prefer-
ence to hired help. Apply PACIFIC EX-
CHANGE. 10!6 Market et. .
A— $"00; PARTNER wanted; restaurant: good,
honert man to attend cash counter and took
after he!;>: part payment taken out of the
l.uslnor.s. STENBERO CO.. se 1 - Kcarr.y Bt
$7PC— SALOON with elubrocms close to the
Baldwin; fire location; pood business; cheap
rent; tr.ap. JONES & CO.. SS3 Market gt.
WANTED— A man with $irco to JI3CO to buy
half-Interest in loan office and Jewelry store;
is fine paying business; must lx? watchmaker
ar.d Jeweler: must havn fir3t-cl=?s references;
can investigate; reason, wants to enlarge
business; has too much for one man to han-
dle now. A<l«ircss HAMMOND. 37 East Main
Ft. Stockton.
WANTED — Partner in a business established 24
fears In <~>akl.ind; pays from $400 to J3OO per
month; $7300 capital required, which will be
fully recured by good real estate; no chance
of l<-»«-s; must be a basinet* man. competent
to keeii books nnd collect bllla. Call or ad-
dress Call branch off.cc, Oakland.
WILL buy profitable dry socd? or general store;
nbcut (5000; profer Co. noat town: SPPO to 10,-
Of.o. Addrets D. V. S., 10.4 Lincoln at.. Santa
Cruz. Cal.
FOR *a!e cheap— Restaurant doing good busi-
ness: must be sold before 13th: rent $25. Ap-
ply 12 Jackson St., bet. 11 ar.d 1 o'clock; no
cgrnts.
BUTCHER market: strictly cash business: over
S2OO a wr-ek; a bargain: good reason for sell-
Inp. Apply by letter only, M. O. A. C, JOS.
O'KEEFE. Western Meat Co^
COOK v.-lth restaurant outfit wishes partner
with Fmall capital to open business. Box
4270. Call offlce.
FOR pale- Branch bakery, stationery, notion
and delicacy store, opposite a large school;
no opposition: lias to l-e s>ld o:i account of
¦Ickaesa; party is the owner: 4 rooms, bath,
nrxlern Improvements. Box 2511. Call office.
OFFEREl>— Limited amount of stock in the
most promising sroup cf gold mines tn this
Slate, at $1 per share; continuous dividends
assurfd within cix months. Call or address
90S Call buildir*.
FINE grocery ar.d bar; Western Addition;
sood chance: must pell this week on account
Ot other business; no agents. Address box
4?7«. Call. .
$350— CORNEIl grocery and bar; 2 living rooms;
worth fSCf; owner has other business; must
•cli at once. Apply 1552 Folsom st.. corner
Twelfth.
: HOKSERACTNO; a sure thin*: big odds; win
I pure: Ins'.Je information: $1 on all races;
dent miss this. P. O. box SS, Clayton. N. J.
! 15c BARBER shop for sale cheap; cash or I
! partly cash; l»e<it reason for selling. Inquire |
G. TROST. i:.22 Mason st
DELICACY, bakery, candy, milk: must be *oM
this -reek on account of sickness; 3 living
rooms: rent $10. 410 Brannan st. near Third.
! BRANCH bakery and notion store in Western
: Addition for sale cheap. Addre«s B. F.. box
| 4574. Call office.
! CHOICE business for sale at a bsnrnlri; a
! beautiful assortment of cpnls and Mexican !
I antique curios. Address box 4519. Call offlce.
I PARTNER wantel In meat market: trial jrlv-
j en to party with reff-renp-?. 121 Fourth Bt
. $ir,o— WELL-ESTABLISHED delicacy store for
rale. Ari.lre«s box 41SS. Call offlce.
j GOOD-PAYING grocery In Western Addition;
i owner Kolng to Alaska. Box 4-S3. Call.
PLUMBING shop, stock ami shop tools in good
location. Box 4292. Call office.
BRANCH b3kery and candy stcre, cheap; call
! to-<iay. 40S Third st
l-CHAIR barber chop; cheap. 1119 A Folsom
street.
NEWKPAPER route for sale; profit $24 per
we"k. AdJre?s L. C. box '.272. Call.
| CHEAP for cash: barber Fhop. 3 chairs; very
good tra<2e. Inquire at 1340 Mission st.
j STEAM laundry plant; doing good business.
«. W. IjOVIE. Redwood City. Cal.
COFFEE _nd tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento St.
! A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
| tisements and subscriptions bas been opened
st 1223 Polk st: open until 9 p. m.
j A BRANCH offlce fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
| rubsrrlpltr.o s has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
| tucky st*.: open until 9p. ra.
j CHEAPEST and best in America— Tha Weekly
i Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
j United States or Canada one year for $1,
portage paid-
CARRIAGES AND WAGON'S.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
r.ew. suitable dry goods stores. 828 Harrison.
i
I NEWand 2d-hand wagons. bugsies. carts ar.d har-
i ness. wk. & driving horses, rth and Valencia.
I ALL kinds cf wagons. buKicles. carts, harness,
| etc.. cheap. EGAS & SON. 2117 Mission et
i 100 SETS s»<~ond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
burgles, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
i CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
i __^^ /^ J^^ /^^,.
| WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3^3-557 Tehama s-t. ; tel. S. 40.
i jTe. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 l«h
i Et: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
! J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
! 4^3 Stevenson __; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Cc. . 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. S Eighth st: tel. Jessie £44.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st
j CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIUITUAHSJI.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. \\ hile entranced
the reveals every hidden mystery: she will
chow you liow to overcome your enemies: re-
move family trouble; restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals: tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp fcr circular
with i^clal terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk «t. nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
A-PROFESPOR MAY
ALWAYS SF.E THE BEST
12$ TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
mest skeptical; gives advice <.n love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lest affection; If In doubt, trouble or
adversity cal! on this gifted medium and he will
h*'p you: mediums developed in from 3 to 6
mcctbs: letters containing three questions and
SI answered ; hours. 9 to S; Sunday. 10 to 2.
! NOTICE— DR. CRAIG. California's well-known
and successful clairvoyant physician, re-
j turned ur.d opened offices at 17 Powell st;
ecnsultatlon and examination of all diseases
i free; satisfaction jruarante^ In all spiritual-
istic work; r«-adin_s by appointment and
epeclsl attention given to correspondents.
MME. A. CERVAKTES. the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. E Hayes tt.. room 7, second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market st. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats all diseases; sittings $1.
I ARRIVED— Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
I traction euarantceed; readings 50c and $1.
j 231 A Turk st.
'.CIRCLE this and Thursday, 8 p. m.: Bluings
Mk-; genuine medium. W. V. HARRIS, 1113
BI:eslon st
MME MOItEAf, the best medium and canl
rc-adPT; 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader:
past, present, future. 25c. H8 Sl_th st, r. 12.
PROFESSOR 7-ERA tells past, present and fu-
ture. 2CJ Third ft. near Folsom.
j MMeTzeREdT of 5 Seventh" _t is the original
gypsy life reader: readlncs. 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis St.: circle Sun. nnd Wed. evenlncs.
ISME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted '74 rescued etrar Gold. 225 Mason, r. 7.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German rpoken. 521._ Misslon.op.Mlnt
MRP. WINCHESTER. 1610 C!ay— Circle to-
night. S; Tuesday. 2 p. tn. ; consultation dally.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 944 Howard
Ft., 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 2124 Sixth ft
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader nnd
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; numes given; 2Sc up. 5 Fourth St.
MME.. SYBILLE— CradIe to crave; future hus-
band's picture. ?.>: Indies. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: nocharge un-
, lets eucccssfuL Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COZY Eastlake cottace (Mission), reduced to
$10: 1 month free. SPECK & CO.. C 67 Market
$6— BAY window cottage. 5 rooms; water fre<;.
Off Crescent aye; inquire 64 Silver St.. off 3d. :
$20— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; v.-ater
free. 103 Collins st., near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— Dr!~tT~S?~HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by loca! anaesthetics applied
to the gun-.s: the best and most artiEtic dental
work nt reasonable prices; pure gold flillnes
Jrcm $1 np; otber fillings from DOo; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crownrd without pain; plates that fit from
$4 SO vi,; or*n evenings *and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for j>alnless dentistry—
Bynol, en application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our Ileth-colored plates; thinner
6nd strons»r than rubber: warranted fcr 20
years: crown and brid_e work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 60c; crowns. {3 50; plates,
full set. $3; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth *t.
AT the "ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SW Mar-
ket tt.. cor. 4tb, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates cur specialty; gold crowns,
{3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $1 50 up; of-
fice licurs. 9 n. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. «. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DrTgeORGE W. LEEK.^O O'Farrell =t. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret nu-thod; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work ar.d fillings a
cpeclalty: all work reasonable; gas given. ,
VAN VKOOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market ft., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. ror. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry, $1 per week; refer to WXW
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. ISU Polk st
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and B'jndavs. &50 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
SUITS. $3; skirts. 75c; made on short notice.
273 Minna st. near Fourth.
S F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 303 Van NeBS.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary st: dresses
r.imle. $5 up: dresses made over: perfect flt. .
MCDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem: easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
! Ing, pinking. 121 Pest, over O'Connor & Moffat.
; I'.OG "O^^Jj^
DR. Ht'ZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Flllmore.—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
ai-.lrenls treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636. .
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 21 Post st, S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy. English
tranches, civil, electrical and mining engl-
I neering. etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
MARSH system shorthand; lessons 1 hour each
day or evening, $2 50 a week; with application
any ttudent can go through Marsh manual in
six weeks. 300 Van Ness aye.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year _ot positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 123S Market fit.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mcch.. survey, assay, arohi.; day and even.;
est ISC4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50. includes all branches.
SHORTHAND tausht personally and by mall;
languages. Mlsa M. G. Barrett, SO2 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic.grammar, writing;
day nnd night: terms low. 1021 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
A— Singing, piano, French, Spanish; Parisian
graduate: %2 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 6; "nr. 2-8.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O' Farrell 6t.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 100S Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College, 203 Larkln st, opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 17.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPA?ES^CI l INES E~!^mp7~ATencyTaTl "k 1 nds
h»lp. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 68.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 121 Post st. ; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
best help. 414 V. O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS hotel waitress desires a sit-
uation: good references; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; best city references; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH Infant's nurse desires a situation;
best city references; city or country. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 223 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires situa-
tion: best of references. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter Bt.
ELDERLY German woman, experienced and
reliable cook, strong and active, wishes posi-
tion in good family or institution; prefer Ger-
man-speaking house In city or country. 66S
Seventh st, Oakland.
YOUNG lady of St. Louis. Mo., wishes position
as private nurse for llttfe girl in family of
means; literature and music Included; $20 a
month. MISS E. G. HILL, 763 Mission st.
NICE German clrl wishes situation to do up-
stairs work and waiting at table; good refer-
ences. Call or address ISOI Howard st, near
Fourteenth.
WANTED— By a respectable girl, light house-
work In nice family of 2 or 3; must be in good
locality; wages immaterial: good home de-
sired. Address box 42C8, Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German woman.
Just arrived from East, wishes to assist in
small family. Call between 10 a. m. and 4
p. m. at 319 Third st. •
WANTED-Sltuntion by a Swedish girl lately
arrived to assist In general housework. Call
or nddresa 901 Folsom St.
OLD single German of education and large ex-
¦ perience wants steady employment for his
found. Box 4219. Call offlce.
WOMAN wlshos work by the day; good laun-
dress: $1 a day, carfare; no postals answered.
637 C Minna st.
YOUNG woman would like to assist in general
housework or plain sewing in exchange for
good home. Call at 430 Tehama st.
COMPETENT girl desires a situation for cook-
ing and housework In American family. Call
at 165 Clara st. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
GIRL, good washer and lroner, wants work
for a few days each week. 4035 Twenty-
sixth ft.
RESPECTABLE young- woman as working
housekeeper: no objection to children. Please
call or address M. F., 1111 Folsom St.
WANTED— By Swedish woman situation as
cook. 901 FYilsorn Bt.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day.
Call or address 719^4 Howard st.
GERMAN woman; first-class German or Amer-
ican cook. Call at 1022 Larkln st.
CO M PETENT girl desires a position as parlor
maid and waitress. Address 307^4 Twelfth st
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work: $1 £0
per dny; dresses made over; good fitter; illicit
worker. 4441 Twentieth st. near Eureka.
GERMAN clrl wishes situation to do second
work. 7 van Ness aye.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like a few more
engagements by the day; $1 10V will take
work home: perfect fit guaranteed. Address
Xeuman's fur store. 23S Ellis st
GERMAN pirl wishes work at washing or
houeecleanir.g at $1 10 a day. Address 7 Van
NeFB aye.
AN elderly German lady would like employ-
ment as seamstress either at home or In fam-
ilies. 10 Collingwood Ht.
Gt-iIMAN v.-oman wishes a few steady places
washing; $1 per day and carfare: good refer-
ences. Box 23. Call branch. 106 Eleventh st.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladies In confinement MRS.
WOLTER. 132 Sixth st
POSITION wanted by woman physician as doc-
tor's assist; or to care for invalid at home or
travel; 6 years' hospital experience East. Ad-
dress F. B_ Livermorc. Cal.
YOUNG lady speaking French and English
wishes to care for 1 or 2 children in private
family. Apply MISS N.. 1395 Broadway.
_Oakland. •
SWISS jrtrl declres a position for second work
and plain pewlng; wages $20. Address 911
Jones street.
COMPETENT Infant's nurse desires situation;
can take entire charge; best . of reference*.
Apply 938 Pacific st, cor. Mason.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — ¦FEMALE.
DRESSMAKE^rfToTn^hTE^strflrst-class cut-
ter and fitter, will go out by the day: makes
a suit In on? day. 1532 Polk Bt.
EASTERN lady wants position as a type-
wrlter. Call room 2. 2d floor. 1031 Market Bt.
BORROW money or the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes some more
engagements by ladles in confinement. MRS.
WOLTER. 132 Sixth st.
WINCHESTER House, 4» Third st. near Mar-
ket: 100 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient Rnd respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlee fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090 \ a-
lencla et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
nt 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier.
bU3iness manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined; references unexceptionable. Address box
42C3, Call offlce.
FRENCH Swiss from the agricultural school
desires a position in the country in a vine-
yard, orchard or ranch; b°st of references.
Address 1309 Stockton st.. city.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes position;
willing to be useful; cleanly. Industrious anil
sober; good references as to character and
ability. Address box 4267, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS plumber and gasfltter would like
a position in a hotel, factory or wholesale
house, doing anything. Box 4SSI, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position in saloon as porter or as-
sistant bartender; sober and steady; refer-
ences. Box 4576. Call offlce.
WANTED— By man and wife, a steady position;
country preferred; b»st of references. Box
4SSO, Call offlce.
A RESPECTABLE young German desires any
kind of work in the country. Address box
4269. Call offlce.
WANTED— A position as nurse or housekeeper;
can furnish best of references. Address S2SVi
Harrison st
A REASONABLE sum will bo paid to any one
who will secure me a position; best of refer-
ences. Box 426 C, Call oftlce.
WANTED— Position in small grocery store by a
man with experience and highest references;
Email wages. Address box 4176, Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPER, salesman or. porter; reliable,
active and strong; references. 120 Douglass st.
UPHOLSTERER and carpet layer, German
young man, wants work. 271 Stevenson st.
EXPERIENCED cook, German, desires sltua-
tlon. W. DALENBURST. 310 Montgomery ay.
A SOBER sincle man, with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good pruner
and steady worker, who knows every disease
of trees and the remedy for It, and guaran-
tees every tree he plants, would like a steady,
responsible position at reasonable compen-
sation or small wages and part on clear earn-
ings. Kindly address and give particulars,
box 7421. Call offlce.
WANTED— By a young man from Illinois, 24
years of age; rapid and accurate in figures;
has a fair knowledge of bookkeeping; Is a
first-class horseman; a position with a busi-
ness firm of this city; wages no object where
chance of promotion; California or Eastern
references. Address box 4274, Call office.
MAN of good character, a knowledge, and will
to work, wants situation with privat- fam-
ily: is good horseman and gardener: can milk
and enre for fowls; kind with animals; ref-
erences. B. E., box 4275. Call.
A STEADY and reliable man. willing to do
most any kind of work, desires a situation: is
a good cook and understands horses; has best
of references; private place preferred. Ad-
dress 13G5 Sacramento st.
A— -J25 WILL be given to any one procuring me
a responsible position of any kind; capable;
can give eoeel reference and security. Box
4866. Call offlce.
AN educated man of SO, speaking English and
French, would like a position as attendant,
secretary or reader to gentleman, traveling
or stationary. Box 1002, Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman wants agency to
Bell In Humboldt Co. on commission for a re-
liable tree and seed house. Address Box 4273,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man handy with tools;
fireman or engineer; desires work of any kind.
Box 4293. Call oflice.
BARBER wants steady work in the country.
Address T. G. ADAMS, 204 Turk St., room 15,
Ban Francisco.
A FIRST-CLASS cutter wishes situation in the
city or country; best Eastern and city refer-
ences. Box 4900. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS all around cook: wide experi-
ence and frood reputation. GEO. STALL, 312
Stockton Et. ,
JAPANESE, honest boy wants a situation as
school boy In a small family; understands
English; plain cookinsr. G. L., 807 Polk st.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches:
low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103 i Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception ot adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open till 9 p. m. ¦
A BRANCH offlce fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9 p. in.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MATERLE, German expert optician;
German eye water by mail. 50c. 1071^4 Market
Bt. San Francisco: examination free.
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat, 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417 Vi 'Ihlrd st.
ELEGANT new flat, 6 rooms and bath; larce
basement. 715 Grove st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgor. err.
SIXTH, 136— Large front room; light house-
keeping; nlso room $1 week.
SUNNY lower flat, 5 rooms and bath; yard;
rent reasonable. 336S 17th st, near Guerrero.
TWO flats; 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; 2
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
$11— UPPER flat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
Btreet. olt Market, near A'nlencla.
$11— FLAT. 4 rooms; marble mantel; folding
doors. 715 Tehama st, near Eighth.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
i'KKK TO ALL,.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. LO3 Angeles, Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs.
, 11.- Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
Ft, near Broadway; open evenings. .;,,.:. v
FURNITURE of six rooms for sale; no dealers.
228 Van Ness aye.
FURNISHED house of nine rooms; cheap. Box
4579, Call offlce. ; v • ;
4 ROOMS furnished !n oak for $4S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
ALFRE^D~^VoXIPERT, "773~M*ission" St., Pays
the highest prices' for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry 4i Co.) buys
funniture. carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 3353.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A— HOUSEWORK. Oakland $25. Alameda $25.
San Mateo $25; cook and second, same place.
$25 and $30: second girl. Oakland, $20; San
Rafael $20. 3 tn family; 10 second plrls. city,
$25 nnd $20; chambermaid and waitress, $25; 3
nurse girls, city and country, $20 each: 2
young nurse girls, $12 and $15; 10 waitresses
and chambermaids. $20 nnd $15. city and* coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 523 Sutter st.
A— WOMAN with a child. $15, country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LIGHT housework; sleep homo; $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st.
WANTED — Experienced girl for chamber work
and help in dining room: private boarding
house; references; wages $18. 1714 Van Ness.
YOUNG girl to mind two small children: small
wages, but good home. ' 1237 Howard st
OPERATORS wanted on pants. 107 Fifth st,
room 6.
YOUNG girl to tako care of 2 children and as-
sist in housework; $8 to $10. 4 Twelfth st
GIRL wanted for licht housework. 1323 Guer-
rero St., gate number.
EXPERIENCED head waitress for family ho-
tel.. Box 4264. Call offlce.
YOUNG girl; light housework: two In family;
no washing;- wages $C. Box 4255. Call offlce.
WANTED— First-class talloress on fine coats.
14 Grant aye.. room 43.
HELP AVANTED— FEMALE.
FOUR more waitresses, Los Angeles, $25, %
rate 3, leading hotels; 3 waitresses. Bakers-
field, $25. 2 in same house; 2 waitresses. Wood-
land, $20; waitresses for Healdsburg. Corn-
ing, Salinas, Keswick, Reno; 5 waitresses,
city: chambermaid to wait; 2 lunch waitresses,
no Sunday work; laundress, hotel, $20; assist-
ant laundress. $15; 30 house girls, city and
country. $25, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary Et
WANTED— Housework girl for Santa Barbara,
$25, see party here; English or Scotch ladles'
maid, $23; 2 German second girls, $25; 4 second
girls. $20 to $25; second girl, $25. Menlo Park;
S cooks, German style, $25 to $30; cook, Ger-
man style, $35: cook. 3 In family. $30: 4 nuree-
grlrls, $20; hotel waitresses, $20, city and coun-
try; restaurant waitresses. $5 and $6; a num-
ber of uirls for housework. $20, $25. $30, city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter st. » v
COOK and second girl. Berkeley, same house.
$30 and $20, see party here 11 o'clock; cook
and second girl, city, same house, $30 and $25;
nurseglrl, $20; waitress and chambermaid. $1S;
woman with a child, $10; colored woman, $15;
old woman as housekeeper. $10; girl or woman.
HKht housework, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
WANTED— Everybody to bring their flannels
to us; washed as your mothers do It at home;
one trial will convince you; gents' underwear,
Cc a piece; all flannels washed by hand. Office
257 Third st. and 60»>i Howard st; telephone
__Baker 11S9; French laundry.
WOMAN or girl for light housework In ex-
change for comfortable home with small
wapes. Call at 724 Clementina st, between
Eighth and Ninth.
WANTED— Experienced vampers nnd stitchers
on men's and ladies' shoes. CAHN, NICK-
_ELSBURG & CO.. 115-117 Hayes st.
WANTED— Woman for light housework; good
home; fair pay; call after 12 a. m. 116 Tay-
lcr Et.
WANTED — Woman for general housework and
laundry; family of 4; wages $18 to $20. Apply
7CI Eddy st.
GOOD talloress wanted Immediately. 1252 Fol-
som st.
GIRL for housework and cooking; references
required ; waees $20. 1520 O'Farrell st
WANTED— Operators and good hands on vests.
CiV.i Stevenson st
WANTED— GirI for housework and plain cook-
lnj;. 10-16 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 410 Kearny st. room 20.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 1917 Baker
st, near Clay, after 10 a. m.
GOOD waitress wanted. People's Restaurant,
m Clay st.
AN experienced millinery trimmer wanted;
none but first-class need apply. Box 4223, Call.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; plain
cooking. Apply 1626 Vallejo St.
COMPETENT girl for housework and cooking.
Call, from 12 to 2. 2431 Folsom st,
GIRL for light housework; good home. 801
Hayes st.
APPRENTICES on ehlrts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Couch and Grove sts.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
AT Mrs. Lambert's, 418 Powell St.; 4 German
cocks. $30, $25; 2 American cooks, $30, $25; &
housework girls, $20, J25.
AT Mrs. Lambert's. 418 Powell et. ;%6 second
girls, $23; chambermaid and waitress, $23.
Grrmrn pref?rred; 4 second girls, $20; German
nurse, child 2H. ?20.
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman to do up-
stairs work and tako care of one child; $15.
2432 Jackson st. ; call 4 p. m.
WANTED — German girl to assist in house-
work and children; wases $20. 661 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for light upstairs work; apply be-
tween 9 and 12 a. m. 2203 Buchanan st
GIRL to assist in general housework; sleep
horn». Apply 1231 Jackson st.
WANTED — Young lady to train for nurse;
must be hljrh school graduate. Apply bet 2
and 3. Bellevue Sanitarium, 1609 Jackson st.
OPERATORS on overalls; positions for sev-
eral hundred more girls at Levl Strauss' fac-
tory. 32% Fremont st.
WANTED— An apprentice on custom coats. 651
Folsom st., corner Hawthorne.
GIRL for dawnstalrs work; good cook; $25; ref-
erences. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36^ Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suit*. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 13C6 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109J Va-
lencia st
A CSA.NCII omc« for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
EUbscrlptions has been established at tha
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts.: open until in. m. \
HELP AVANTED MALE.
cT7C7IANSE>T&~CO 104 Gerry st
Teamsters, scraper holders and dumpmen for
the Coast road, free fare; blacksmith, coun-
try shop, $C 0 and board; harness-maker for a
railroad camp, $1 25 a day and board, free
fare; hoisting engineer for a mine, $2 50 a
day; carpenter and wheelwright, railroad
camp, $1 to $1 50 a day, free fare.
Restaurant steward. $30; head cook, $30, and
baker, $45, country hotel. fare advanced;
starchcr country laundry, $30; upstairs porter,
hotel. $25. C. R. HAN3EN & CO.. 104 Geary.
JAPANESE waiter for a railroad camp, $25 and
free fare; 2 Japanese for housework, country
hotel. $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary.
HOTEL. Laundry Other Departments
Hotel cook, plain place, $40; dishwasher, $13,
name place
11 cooks $40. $35, $30, $25 and found
9 waiters, ?35 to $20 and found; 3 dishwashers,
$15 and S'.'fl and found; laundryman. $25 and
found; 2 butchers, 5-"2; 3 bakers' boys to help
and drive bakery wagons.
MURRAY & READY, C 34 and 636 Clay st.
FARMER and wife. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment ana Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
Stablemen, choroboys, men gardeners; 21
farm hands, pruners and milkers, $25, $20 and
found; 175 v.-oodehoppers. tiemnkers, shingle,
post and picket-makers, $2, $1 50, $1, 70c cord.
lCc, 12c each: 6 laborers, teamsters, city work,
$30 and found: 3 stone masuns, $2 50 day; other
help not advertised.
MURRAY _s READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— Quarryman. $3 day; pruner, $1
di»y; American farmer, $25 month; 50 wood-
choppers for railroad wood, $1 25 cord, fare re-
funded: choreman, $23: driver for milk wagon,
nnd others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento St.
WANTED— Cook and wife, country hotel. $j0;
restaurant steward, 513 week; nl&ht steward,
$10 Tveek; 2 waiters, country hotel, $25, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — Competent bookkeeper to take
charge of small set of books in a livery busi-
ness; about 3 hours a day required; wages
!Z). Box 4237, Cull.
MAN to solicit for the Weekly North Beach
News; no experience necessary. Apply 5U>
Fllbort st.
RELIABLE men to handle staple goods; big
money to right parties. California Mfg. Co..
(.32 Market »t.
WANTED— City salesman, with good trade.
Druggists and grocers, 402 Montgomery st,
room 36.
GOOD coatmaker for country; salary or piece
work, p. Grcenbcrg & Co.. rm. 29. Flood bldg.
GOOD barber wanted. EO4 Battery St., near
Washington.
WANTED— Man as cook; also kttchen work;
wages $20 per month. 1300 Turk st
WANTED— Boy on Job presses In printing
office. 415 Market st.
BARBER wanted. 402 Brannan Bt.
WANTED— A steady lunch waiter. 507 Twen-
tieth st. Potrero. •:-. v- •
GOOD waiter wanted. PeoDle-'s Restaurant.
631 Clay st.
Al BARBER wanted at 12 Fifth street.
STEADY man with small capital In good-
paying business. Call 79 Third st.
WANTED— Go6d all-around cook at 704 Larkln
street-
BARBER for Saturday. £19 Kearny st.
13c BARBER ehoo, 2 chairs steady; Western
Addition. STOLT£. 630 Market st.
WANTED— Steady man to assist in light out-
door work; will pay $16 per week; must have
!100. 1016 Market st. room 10.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant nve.
WANTED— Boys at San Francisco and Pacific
Glass Works. Seventh and Townsend sts.
/BOY who can wrap; state particulars. Address
box 4J7S. Call offlce. ¦
GET your shoes half-soled while watting: 25c to
tOc. £62 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
HELP "WANTED MALE.
BARBER wanted to buy a five-chair shop doing
a splendid business; owner going to Alaska.
Apply at 12 Fifth street.
FIRST-CLASS painter will form partnership
with responsible man. Address Painter, 340
Third st. room 10.
BARBERS— A complete three-chair outfit at a
bargain. Call at ?11 Larkln st.
ECO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5G2 Mission st, between Ist and 2d sts.
TAILORS— Wanted first-class ladles' taller for
the country: one proficient in all details; must
be good rapid operator; permanent place for
steady, sober man; gocd wases. Apply to
STEIN. SIMON & CO.
SMART collector and canvasser; industrial in-
surance; quick promotion. R. RALPH, 611
Montgomery st.
WANTED— A traveling salesman for a jobbing
house dealing in farming implements and ve-
hicles; state references and salary desired.
Address box 4973. Call office.
MEN and wom»n to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 7«IA Howard st.
CHINESE boy. cook and waiter, wishes sitn.i-
tlon in family. W. Y. F.. 21 Brenham place.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required: constant practice; expert in-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
inducements this month; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBLit
COLLEGE. C 33 Clay st. The only institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112 Flr3t
Etreet. ' ¦-, »:-> '¦'
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S. 2C Steuart St.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 13c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 4C6 McAllister.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver -louse. 217 Third tt. : IJO large
rooms: 25c ocr night; $1 to 52 per week.
PENSIONS— J. 11. SHEPARD _ CO.. attor-
— : neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
Ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: read Inn room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions tiaa been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tin
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open until 9 p. m.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
227 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HANDSOME bay mare and English trap; fine
roadster; perfectly safe. NEVADA STA-
BLES, 1250 Market street.
£0 HEAD fine drausht and driving horses at
1621 and 1C25 Market st. bet Twelfth and
' Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— 4s head horses, broken, unbroken,
from Nevada. Ap. Bay View Stables. 10th and
Railroad ayes.. South S. F. M. SCHUSTER.
FINE business horse for sale cheap; call at
once. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st
WORK horse, $10: buggy horse. $33; butcher
wagon, J3O; buggy. $25. 19 City Hall aye.
10 GOOD, sound horses for sale. Eclipse
Stables. 1375 Eddy st
FOR sale — Cheap, brown team, 16%; 10 years
old. DAL7JEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. Q. Aye.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
25 ROOMS: new and clean $1100
12 rooming and boarding house $."-i
17 rooms: fine location 4.10
18-room house; good transient 750
CO rooms: clears $353 3230
A special bargain; 10-room house, central lo-
cation: new and clean; good Income, etc.
Money loaned. Gale & Benson. 320 Parrott big.
A— s6ooo: 50 rTi Pine. jsisnn; 28 r.; down town.
$300: 10 r.; Powell. $1300; 34 r; paying.
$3000: 30 r.: Sutter st. IWCCO; Eddy. nr. Markt.
J1C00: 21 rooms; nice. iffi-'O; 12 r. ; respectable.
$S00; 13 r. : Rood house. $1300: «0 r.; Market st
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6G7 Market st.
14 ROOMS; well furnished: rent $40 $.T»0
11 rooms; all rented: rent $20 275
40 rooms; fine location; rent $73 10CO
100 rooms at great bargain: rent $200 3600
63 r. : rent $100; $1700. ItASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$700— LODGING-HOUSE. 18 rooms, north of
Market st: bargain if sold to-day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market St.
HOUSE of 32 rooms, all taken: very reason-
able. 704 Howard ot.. corner Third.
TO LET— 9-room house; 313V6 O'Farrell st.
near Mason; rear entrance. Apply 13 Gran*.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. EC. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1931. between Laguna and Bu-
chanan sts. — Elegant house of 13 rooms; bath,
servants' room, etc.; newly renovated. For
further particulars apply to G. 11. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery street
BUSH, 1224 — Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free: large yard: rent $37 *0.
9-ROOM house; 313^2 O'Farrell st, near Mason,
rear entrance; fine location. Apply 15 Grant.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: polite at-
! tentlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Christrras eve., in vicinity of Market
nr.d Taylor sts.. red leather purse containing
$1") money order. Return to 447 Bryant st;
reward.
FOUND — On California aye., two bundles un-
laundf-red clothes. Owner can have same by
calling 111 California aye. and paying ex-
penses.
STOLEN— Lady's Persian lamb cape, trlmmet
round bottom with bear fur; lined with blu«
plaid silk; reward $20. 411 7th st. Oakland.
LOST— Jan. 9. two fox terriers; 1 white. 1
black. Return to 639 Ellis st and receive
liberal reward.
LOST — Lady's gold chain. Return to 725 Fulton
st. : reward.
LOST— White and red hound. Finder please
return to 395 Fell st: reward.
LOST— One bunch of keys, going from Sutter
and Jonrs sts. to Mission and Third. Please
leave at coffee saloon. 700 Mission st. ; reward.
LOST — Lemon and white pointer: collar
marked property JNO. B. COLEMAN. Olym-
pic Gun Club. Return to 1407 Hyde st. and
receive reward.
BLACK and white English setter bitch. Return
to 2210 Steiner st and receive reward.
WHITE greyhound dog; fawn epot on left side
and head. Return 2210 Steiner st. ; reward.
IF the gentleman who found ths black and
white pup on Pine or Larkin st. on Thursday
will kindly return It to 1023 Pine st he will
receive reward.
ON the 24th— Fox terrier slut; black spot on
head: has pups. Return to 1428 Turk; reward.
BORROW" on diamonds; perfect secrecy; prl-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
_______
DR. COLLIER, the world-renown pile special-
ist, is in the city and will treat all rectal dis-
eases without use of knife; chronic cases pre-
ferred;, consultation free; success guaranteed -
any former patients In need of treatment cali
and be treated free. 435 Fourth st. room 14-
office hours 9 to 5 and 7 to S; will call at resi-
dence. , .-¦.¦*.?-
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladies' phy-
sician and specialist of long and- succe« S ful
practice: private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5: safe and reliable- con-
sultation free. 1122 Market st. between Ma-
son and Taylor: hours, 9 to S.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles', spe-
ciallst. formerly of 401 Van Ness, 1382 Market
has returned from Europe with improved
methods ar.d advanced knowledge- cue at
office $3: warranted; 15 years' success ful'nrac-
tice in S. F. Offlce. US Eddy st.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases; best care-
guaranteed treatment at office, $5- consult*-
SS 1 , h r o e u% i 9i 9 o 43 to P s°' 7 Ih.*"- Hyd ' >nd
DB£OM£ O'DONNELL. the world-renowneU
ladles specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousand*
cf cases successfully; treatment can b» u»ej
at home; consultation free; success guaraa-
teed. Write or call at 1023H Market st
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms:
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phona Pine 2781; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladle.'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late sclen-
tlflo methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $4.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market st.; hours 10
a. m to 5 p. m.; at residence, 228 Van Ness
aye.. 5 to 9p. m. ; guaranteed treatment $5.
: DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 111S Market
st; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
MHS- DR- GWYER. 610 Eddy st. bet Hyda
and Larkln; hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 9.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all <Us-
cases of the human body. 115 Mason st
aiETAPHYSIC^
COLLEGE— Eugsestlve therapeutics, telepathy.
occultism; free clinic Tuos. evg. 305 Larkln.
MINES AXD MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stcck Ex-
change; l<i cents per »haro or monthly Instal!-
m»nts: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms »-..
W. F. ARAM, mlnlns attorney, room AX Sta
floor. Mills bulldlnr. 3 F. : tel. Main *U.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 13J-137 Fremont st.
BARS counters, showcases, i-helvins. mirrors.
bought gold and exchanged. 10S3 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture ar.d fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 MUsloa
tt.. above Slxth : _____
A FINE 10-bore L. C. Smith shotgun for $23:
cost originally $CO. At UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant aye.
A FINE 12-hnre W. C. Scott & Son hammerless
shntsun; cost SUC; for ?i7. At UNCLE HAR-
RIS". 13 Grant aye.
DOGS— Grand collection of high-bred collies, all
ages, from prize winners; cheap. Apply C. t>.
NAIRN. La w rence. Cal.
A — BUYS, sell?, or r. v nts gsar machlnerj'. en-
gines, hollr-i-*. wator pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21G Spear street.
CANARY birds; seeT^iear and buy. at LOH-
; MANN'S. 3163 Sixteenth »t. near Valencia.
HOUSE of 6 large rooms for sale at Eighteenth
and Indiana sts., Potrero.
FOR sale— Ten hives of Italian honey bees. Ad-
dress C. J. GARDNER. 203 Guerrero street
j OAK roller toD desk; nlso oak dlnins tab!*
I and chairs. KltiA Central aye.
I ONE 4-sided sticker- 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE up by (buy) SORKNSEX'S alarm
clock, reduced to 80c. IC3 Sixth, below Mission.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits an 4
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', ths
London Tailor. 721 Market st
In the History Building.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants.
steamers residences: portable safety box»s;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Ths
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-ltl Market •__ S. F. Cal.
EIM.SON concert phonograph, price reduced t»
JWO: concert records. $2 30. BACIOALUPI.
923 Market st. . San Francisco.
A— s3 00 DERBY and Fedora hats. %\ 7i Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
DRESS pants. J2 73: fine suit. MO. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery at.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes,
iron & wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Heal*.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. CEXTHAM, 1522 Market st.
"LUIGI RICCA" famous Italian mandolin at a
bargain. Plaza Ix>an office, 7C2 Kearny st
NEW style Singer sewing machines; S drawers;
oak: complete; cheap. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplier.
boilers anil engines. H. S. White. SIS Mission.
SAFES— New and seennd-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. Fent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for |1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand holstlns engine. A.
HILL. 43 Sacramento st.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. £25 Dupont. nr. Calif.
WANTED— Painters' falls; call early. _»
Gclden Gate »v»
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must b»
cheap. Address box 13T.4. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY propcsltlon. any amount; S per cent, first,
second mortgages, estates la probate, ttt&rai
In estates, legacies. Ufa insurance; cl'&Uel
mortgages; confidential: elwce frie. G. E.
dLSEN. rcom 16. first licor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delays: try all rthers, then see me: $Ci)
to 510O.CCO; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advic*
and money furnished. I*. A. Dolan. 632 Markel.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in p:o-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before dclnc business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2» Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to ot>'.a!«»
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry ai low-
est rates. BaMwin Jewelry Store. <4K Mark!:
st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON real estate. Ist cr 2nd ui'jrtgagts, ;;nd en
furniture or pianos: no r^roovnl; <niy amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st
MOST r«'lab> -lace to l-irrnw on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. IIE3TIIAI* 10 Klxtn;
highest prices for old nlver, diamcr.ds.
ANY amount by private party on funvnire'an.t
pianos; no removal- low r?t:M; confidential.
BONELLI. COBTWUam hl'll, V:> Pjwvtl .<t
AT 126 Kearny, nn. 3. respectable private pluci
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 903.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, <iu!c!e
service; money direct; lowest Ir.terest; fuoma
63 and 63. Donohoe bulldins, 1170 Market st
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY, 400 Par-
rott btdldtne.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not* without
indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan
|C 0 TO $;O.C0O; lowest rates; Ist and 3d .nortffa. :
any -proposition. DKYDEX. 412 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; po
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged an.l you me>i
more money see 11. MURPHY, oi) Market ft.
CHEAPEST ar.d test in America— Tn<* Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada cne year for $1,
postage paid.
MONEY AVANTED.
WANTED— S6OOO on undivided Interest on Im-
proved Inside San Francisco property; pro-
bated; worth $SCO.«iO: on first mortgage f~r a
long term; title clear; principals only. Address
stating lowest rate of Interest, F. G. 11.. Call
office. Oakland.
WANTED— ST.CO for one-tn!rd Interest in a «r>M-
bearlng channel. Address D. BARTLINO.
care oi box 23. Valley Springs, Calaveras Co.,
Cal.
MUSICAL INSTUU3IE.NT9.
AGAIN we remind you that ycu should pur-
chase your medium and lcw-prlced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purch-»««
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some srood pianos
for $3, X* and X per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth an<l Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»
west of Chicago is KOHLER Si CHASE' a.
20. 23 and 30 O' Farrell st : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and pricc3: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing posslole don«. to piease and satisfy tlia
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
WHY buy a cheap-erade piano when you caa
get a fine "Baby" Decker for $325. paying Hi
per month. If you want to. at. MAUVAIS'. 7U»
Market st.
GRE VT bargains in new and second-hand pi-
anos at MAUVAIS'. 7C3 Market st
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post rt.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. J4. $4. $1. 14. $4 per month.
2 Chlckerlngs. 2 Stelnways. 1 Vcse A Sons an.t
CO other slightly used high and medium gratia
pianos: special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 126 Ellis st
UPRIGHT piano. "Neumann Hamburg"; pro-
nounced by experts the beet In S. F.; nearly
new cf Boli'l construction: wonderful power
and sweetness of tone; valuo $600; to. be soM
for enly SW) cash. 123S Market st. room 12L
WANTED— First-class piano; will pay cash;
must be nearly equal to n«*w; state price and
make. Apply box 4271. Ca'.l offlce.
W G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. ageax for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVT.R. Colby and Spencer planes. Spencer
Wirerooms. ISIB Market st.
WANTED— To rent a piano; reasonable. 33S
Howard st
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1313 Powell.
FINE Fischer * Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 10W Van Ness aye.. nr. G^ary st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano; only SSO cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
OUR planes haye arrived: rented $3 per monta.
Scott-Curtai Piano Co.. SSO Hayes st
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ, U
McAllister st. next Hlbemla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new." H.
MULLEIt. maker, repairer, 2 Latham p lie*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1900.
10REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary Kennedy to William Kennedy, lot on 8
line of Fell street, 60 W of Lacuna, W 25 by
S 25; cift.
Milton S. and Lena A. Eisner to T. T. Wil
liams, lot on NE corner of Pine and Pierce
streets, N 57:6 by E 25; $10.
W. J. Adams (.trustee) to San Francisco Lum
ber Company (corporation), lot on S line of Ful
ton street, 96:10 E of Lyon, E 25 by S 100, $10.
Anne T. Tubbs to Frederick S. Johnson, lot
on N line of Jackson street, 90 W of Central
avenue. W 30 by N 127:8>i; HO.
"Hana and Christine Peterson to Charles G:
Davis, lot on S line of Frederick street, 373 E
of Stanyan. E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Edward J. Lawton to Carl A. Henry, lot on
W line of Belvedere street, 58:9 S of Waller, S
25 by W 100; $10.
Florence R. Frlsbee to Hugo C. Bachrodt, lot
on E line of Noe Btreet, 77:6 N of Henry, N 25
by E 105; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Herbert
E. Law, lot on b line of Geary street, 137:6 W
of Powell, W 25 by S 137:6; $— .
Occidental Loan Association to Julia Harris
(wife of S.) t lot on S line of Jackson street,
2W:3 W of Leavenworth, W 34:4'^ by S 137:6; $10.
Ix>ah and Philip C. or Philip Meyer to Mary.
Cbarlea T. and Jennie A. Crocker, lot on X cji
ner of Mission and First streets, NE 137:6 by
SE 137:6; $129,500.
Susan Hayes to Patrick and Samuel J. Hayes,
lot on B line of Natoma street, 106 W of First.
W 20 by S 80; also lot on S line of Natoina
street, 215 E of Second, E 20 by S 65; gift. ¦
Mathilda King to Daniel Ahearn, iot on ri
line of Welsh street, 145 W of Zoe, W 20 by S
80; $10.
Same to same, lot on SE line of Welsh street,
145 SW of Zoe, SW 20 by SE SO; $10.
John Jennings to James Jennings, lot on E
line of Fifth avenue. 200 N of Point Lobos,
N 25 by E 120; $10.
Lena Molter to Paul ; Molter, lots 9 to 14,
block 21. Sunny f ale Homestead, being on NE
line of Brttton and Visitation, being 222 on
Brltton by 110; $3'J5.
Alameda County.
Loulea M. Hudelson to George W. Nelson, lot
on N line of Mattle avenue. 33.33 W of Park
street. X 70.07 by W 33.37, being the S Vi of lot
15, block D, Parsons Golden Gate Tract, Oak
land; $sCO.
San Marcus German Lutheran Church (cor
poration) to Hermann Althof, lot on E line Fil
bert street, 100 N Seventh street or Railroad
avenue, N 50 by E 125. being lots 12 and "13,
block 540, Oakland; $5300.
Henry McKay to Hannah Malley, lot on E
line Filbert street. 144 SW Fifth street. S 25 by
E 125, being lot 20, block 4*l, Adeline and Mar
ket-street Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Joseph Farta,
lot 5. block G, map of Andrew Jones' subdivi
sion, Brooklyn Township; grant.
Same to Manuel Perea, lot 9, block F, map of
Same to Antonio fie Ollverla, lot 21; block H,
map of same; grant.
Eleanor S.. Chester and Ella M. Deerlng (by
Frank H. Brooke, attorney) to Mrs. L. Schwa
german lot on N line of Davis street, 42S W
of Peralta avenue, NW 4, NE 121.76 SE 4,
SW 121.80 to beginning, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Edwin R. Marriott to Fred Marriott, lot on
N line of Railroad avenue, 100 E of Morton
street, E 50 by N 150, block 32. Fitch Homestead
Tract. Alameda; $5.
Mary A. and Charles A. Storey to John Nel
son the S 5 feet of lot 9. block 55," Alameda
Park Homestead. Alameda; $150.
Bank of Haywards to Louise E. Bocrtrs, lots
11 and 13, block 102. and lot 21, block 103. Meek
Tract map 1, Haywards, Eden Township; $10.
Michael MurphJ' to Mary Cordano, lot on E
line of Myrtle street. 168:6 8 of West Third.
8 25:6 by E 112:6, block 440, Oakland; gift.
Lydia A. and James G. Divoll to Catharine
• T Williams, all Interest In lot on SE corner
of Eighth and Peralta streets. S 104:24, E 62:8.
N 100, XV 33:4 to beginning, being the W portion
of lot 1. block 628, Gibbons property, Oakland;
$3300. •
Harriet ,W. R. Strong to W. H. Chlckerlnsr.
lot on N line of Eleventh street. 70 E of Jeffer
son; B 80 by N 100. being lots 26, 27 and 28
and portions of lots 1 to 4, block 156, Oakland;
$10.
Ernest A. and Elisabeth D. Heron to J. W.
Matthews, lot 23. block F, Linda Vista Ter
race. Oakland; $10.
Charles M. and Sallie H. Gayley to D. Satoff.
lot on N line of Virginia street, 215 E of Euclid
avenu<?. N 125, W 40. S 125, E to beginning, be
ing portion lot 9, block 14, Daley's Scenic Park
Tract. Berkeley: SlO.
• Alfred B»rtlett to Theresa Bartlett, lots. 13
and 14. block 1454. Blake Tract, maps 1 and 2,
Berkeley; gift.
Mlllcent K. Blake to Ethel M. Mather, lots
BR, 39 and 40, block 1426. Blake Tract, mao 2.
Berkeley; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. K. B. Crocker (owner, by J. CB. Gunn.
agent) with John G. Cook (contractor), archi
tect Albert Button— All work except plumbing,
gaa fitting, gas fixtures, gas grates, sewering,
castlron down spouts, painting, waxing, var
nlFhlng and paperhanglng for a 2-Mory and
basement frame residence on NW corner of
Clay and Franklin streets, N 102:8>i by WUI2:6;
$14,350. . .v.. - : - .
Same owner with William F. Wilson (con
tractor), architect same— Plumbing, gas fitting,"
gas grates, sewering and castiron down spouts
for same on fame; $2589. .
Same owner with T. Baraewita (contractor).
architect same— Painting, wailng. varnishing
and paperhangtng for same on same; $10CO.
Southern Pacific Company (owner) with L.
and E. Emanuel. Inc. (contractors), architect
none— All work for office partitions, furniture
and fittings for office rooms on SW corner of
Market and New Montgomery streets. Nos. 609
611 Market: J2385. ... . .
Sarah S. Wlnslow (owner) with D. M. Hughes
(contractor), architect Frank S. Van Trees-
Foundation walla, brick, stone and concrete
work, etc., for a 2-story basement and attic
brick building on lot on 8 line of Pacific ave
nue, 171:10H W of dough street. S 137 :«, W
34:4^4, N 10; W- 34. N 127:6, E 68:4^4; »63«7.
dence, IU6A Howard street, near Tenth. In-
terment at Sacramento. Cal., Thursday, at 1
o'clock. '
STARR— In Boston. December 29, 1539, Eliza
J. Starr, only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. David
' Monnastes of Portland. Or., aged 4S years.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Franols
de Sales Church, Oakland, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul.
STENSLAXD— In this city, January 8, 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of Captain Charles Stens-
land, and dearly beloved mother of Tina
Fosen. a native of Denmark, aged 43 years
8 months and 14 days.
IL?" Friends and, acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Hal.sted &^ Co., 946 Mission, street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
THODE— In Oak Grove, San Pablo. January 6.
1900. Claus Thode, dearly beloved father of
Mrs. J. J. Schlueter. 11. N. Thode, Mrs. H.
Campe, Hennlng and John Thode and the
late Mre. J. J. Schlueter. Miss Alica Thode
and Mrs. D.. Becker, a native of Holstein.
Germany, aged S7 Years 2 months and'll' days.
(L^ 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from St. paulus
German Evangelical Lutheran Church, corner
of Eddy and Gough streets. Remains at the
parlors of 11. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
Btreet, between Seventh and Eighth- Please
omit flowers. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TURNER— In this city, January 9, 1900. -Wil-
liam J., beloved" husband of Alice Turner,
and son of Mrs. S. A. and the late L. E. Tur-
ner, a native of Boston. Mass.. aged 3S years.
WALLACE— In the City and County Hospital.
January 7. 1900. George Milton Wallace, a
native of Canada, aged 21 years.
WILBERG— In this city. January 9, 1900, The-
resa A., beloved wife of Edward Withers,
daughter of the late David Fleming, and
beloved sister of Mary E. Fleming, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
IL?" Friends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3031 Twenty-third street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where services will be heliT
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery^
>octii»rv pacific t'onrurr.
(pacific !»»rrres«.)
Trmlms. !•«*«• »n<l ««¦«• One ••» nrrlf* »»
NAM »'!:.%%« INtO.
(Main Line. Foot of .Market Street.)
ikave — From Dxctusxr 15. 1339. — arritj
•7:004 BrnicUi, Suisan, Elin'ra, VacavUle,
Buiosey and Macrscicnto. . . *7117 1 1 1 1
•7se»A Bhist-k Erpress— I^tls. Willows,
Rs.l Eltifl. Foniact •7:«3*
*7:30 a Martinez. oi:i !:.:i..i ti. VaUejo, Napa,
('alisipga ami Santa Hoea »ail 3»
* a i3OA Tho Orerlir.d Limixi— 4);dea. Den-
*er, Ocaaha. Chicago *3il3y
*SiBttA B*u .lose. LiTermore. Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Plac»rrlllis
Blnrrßvillo. Chicn. Ue.l Hlutf MiMr-
"ttSO.t*Miltoa. Osk-.ljh-r.ail •¦I:l3p
•'J:OO* -Hrywatvu. .Nilrn an>l \V ; :y Stations. •! 1:13*
••:00a DaT; v, WootilartU Kcij^bts Landing.
Marj3»ille, «)rnTi;io. ? •TjlSs'
•9:«O< Atlanta l'.Tpr«<3— *>3<lo!i ami East • < Jj43a
•9:O»* Martincj:, Trrcy. I.atLrop. b'ockton.
SI rr >1 and I'rcdoo. »I*jl.lf
•»-.»« a rcrtCcsti, I'rcsno. ;.l.jat« aud I.oa
Ancetai 'nsi.i-
•IOiOO VVall.j... Martinez an.l Way .St»t!ons *O: I.Tp
•II :<>O \ Il3ywari!3. I.":lc9 au.l Wcy Stat-cns. »2: 13#
•ia:«H»ji Hilcs. Ijtcnnore, fitockton, Sacra-
TD-:':\ M--::i.i : . i. 1 ; v.i. -.'.. Vi. i'.i »,
FcricrTlilo *I : >1 j>
flsOOpSacr.imcnto l,'i»er.Ste»m«-r« t^rOOp
•3:00p llaywinb. Nilcsau.l \»'aj Stations. •»: I3r
•4:»«r Mailinez. Han ibODOn, Vullejo,
- HapOb «.':ili.itni;n. hauta ROM •»«I3a
•¦liOOr Bcnioia, Vaca7il!», Mucrnineiilo,
Wo(-.l!an.i. Kibhta Landing,
Warywilla, Ort>»ii:« •II»:I1a
Mi3«r N lies Kan JiccniulKtorkton •7:1.1*
•3:©«pTho Owl I4mit?t:— Tracr. Frrsn<\
BjkcisiicM. B»WgM for Bsßtsj liar-
bora. I.fs AonJes •1O:I5»
«3:0 Or Euoset Llxitca— El Tiao. Xew Or-
lsss3&n'V L?.tt «lA:43a
•3<»apStochteo, MfrceiT. Kresno.. *l3:1.1p
•.li.top I'r.'in, I ia'iivv.: .i-:.l. Manta 11-u >.«ra,
I.os Arj!=lra. licmiu?. . El I'io,
New Orli-a-.is aud Vasi »9i 1.1 «
•3i3*r H+v.' i l-'.i llniito— Atlantic Express
fer Moja*« *n<l Km* «O:I5p
•O:OOp Haynanl.i, KilesandHan Joso *7i4-»a
tOtaOp Vallejo •ISiISp
•Ui^«f r Oriental .Mill— OeJcn and Kast 'Si^p
}7iOOp Vallejo, Itort liiJti sad Way Sta-
tions. t»:33p
¦ •Bi»3r Oregon and C'3l!forni» l';ii>rc;m,Ktio-
rnnicnt... MarjsrUr*, Rv>blliw,
l'i»rt.lnn.l. fiig.-i; S..Mr..t nn.l I'.a^ «Hil.i4
COAST DIVISION (Narrorr Casge}.
(Footcf M.irk. t Street. >
•Hi 13a Newark, CViitcrTi;k\:-ian. lose, Fflton,
I! ii'der Cr ek.sai/ a. Ln:; aiul Wa/
Btati.ua •9tB«» ;
tSilOp Newark. Coi'.t.-rt !;'•>, Ban Jcae, !.':t
Almauen, t'clton, TouJJer Creek,
Sacta Cioz and Vrlccipal Waj
Btationß i ?l«i!»'»»
Mjl.tp Neirark, Kau .Tono, Lcs Gatoa •Oi*Oa
Ht:lsp Hnntcn' Kxcunkin, San Jose and
Way Station .-.s J7»«»r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr«S«miSCISC3— f;ct tt UarUat Strut (Slip «)—
•7:15 »:00 11:00*.¥. 11:53 •3:03 t3:C*
•4:C3 13:53 •6C3r.i*.
rromOilUSD— TatlatZtiaimtj.— -8:00 8.00 HMUk.M.
U2:SO *l:03 tB:C3 *3:C3 U:C3 '8:0.11.
COAST DITISION (DroadGaa^e).
(Third and Tow naen.l SK)
?6ilOa Ocean View. South Han Iranciico.. t«>:3op
•7:«41a Ban Joso a- .1 Way Htitloim {New
Almadou Wednesdays only). *l:SOp
• »iOO» San .Sou. Ties I" I mil. Suu'.i (,'niz,
' I'tcliio Urots. I'uio Kubles. San
' ' l.iilt Oliiar". Htuf, Lompoc and
l'Tinelpal W»y Suii.ms "lilOr
•I*t4l»* Ban Josuaml V,'*j .Stations ••>:&>&
•lIiSOa Ban J>«o antl Way Hiatioim •SiSOr
*Bi43p 6an )late<\ IU-ilw 0.1, Menlo Park,
' ¦ Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han .luaa,
Tres Finos, Hauta 4'tnz. SaUua*.
ilooterey ami r*oifla GroTa flOi.Ta*
•SiSApSsn Joieand V.'ay Btut!ous *7:3ll»
f lil.'.r San Joeomd Principal Way Ktatlous *»:I3a
43<00p San Jose aad Principal Vi; Stations »I>:O«U
*.1:3 Or Ban Jose »ml Principal Way But!oas •1:3-"»4
•Ht:iorBan Josa aud WayStattous f"»:O«*
'>llH.">r San Joge»ml Way .Statl<;p« »7i30»
? for Moruiug. 1* for Aftemooa.
* Daily. t Sunday «ir«pte<i t Sunday only.
b Saturday cn:y.
and Fridajs * Thursdays sod Sundays.
RfILIFORNIA Limited
Santa Fe Route
To CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cowxecrijjo Train Leaves Sa:t Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving- In Chicago at 2:13
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains lor New York.
OVERLAND Leaves Saa Francisco at 5:30
fvpr>F<s P* m - wlth Palace aad Toorist
7k * ii 5 cars for Kansas City, St. Louts,
DAILY Chicago aad East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlare r»n « p\
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
'FDISrO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
TKI3UU aUUi^l 1531 . Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way: Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
CAIIFOBNII NORTHWESTERN BY. COT
LSSSSK
SAU FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Ferry. Foot of Market 6t.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9. C0. 11:00 a. m.; U:J3.
1:30. S;lu, 8.39 p. m. Thursdays— EUtra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlj« at I:s*
and li:2n p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 9:8). U:M a. m.; 1:30. 1:30.
6:00. «:» o. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FP.ANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO. 7:50, »:20. 11:10 a. m. ; IJ:C,
1:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
I:SS and B:3S p. m.
BUNDATS— I:IO. 9:40. 1139 a. m. : 1:40. i:M. 5:04,
• :!5 s. m.
Betwevn San Francisco and Bclroetsen Park
Mine schedul« as above.
Leav» Arrlv*
¦an Franclsoo. In Effect Ban Franctseok.
¦ October IS. -
W«*k Sun- 18: m. Sun- W»ek
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
T:SO am 9:00 am Novato. 10:40 am S:4O am
1:30 pm 9:30 tm Prtaluma. (:Q5 pm 10:23 tm
1:10 pm t:CO pm Bar.ta Rosa. 7:33 pm 1:33 j-rn
Fulton.
T:» am Windsor. 10:» «a
Healdsburs;,
Lytton.
Oeys«rvllle,
• :S0 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:13 pm 1:13 pm
T:3O am Ropland aad
1:00 am Cklah. 7:JJ pm V.X2 pm
T:3O am 10:23 ans
1:00 am Ouernevtlla. 7:33 pm
•:M pm (:23 pm
1:80 am S;W *m Sonoma 13:49 am 8:40 ta
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Elian. 8.»5 pm «:23 pm
1:30 am 800 am SebastopoL 10:40 am! 10:25 am
1:30 pm 6:00 pm 7:S* pm! t:23 pm
Stajtes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprsnga and ' White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
(or Lytton Spring*; at Gayservllls for £kaxgs
Bprlncs; at Clr.verdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
' land for Duncar. Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvtlle. Cerlsbad Springs, s---J.i Day, Lak*-
rort and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
prlngs. Earatcea Springs. :::•¦.!• Lakes. Laural
pell Lake, Witter Sprtnifs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierl«>y'a.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Helgiits. Hu'.lrllle. Orr't
Hot Springs. Mendoelno • City. Fort Bragx.
Weitport, Us»l. Wlllltta. Laytor.vtlle. Curn-
mlng ». Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyar.
¦cctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at rs>
4taced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all pclatt
beyond Ban Rafael st half rates.
Ticket Offices. «'O Market st.. Chronlcla bldg.
BE. C. WHITINO, " R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agtnt.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SMMIItS Pmrry.
Commencing October 1. ISB9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— "MO. •9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1-45.
n:4P, 5:15. 6 CO, 6:30 p. m. "^
EXTRA TRIPS— Fcr Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at 9:CO and 11:30 p. m. "»¦**
BUNDATS— •B:OO. 'lO:^ 11:30 a. m.; "l-UL
• :IS. *4:43. 6:30. 9:00 p. m. • •*%
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— S:23. «6:33. 7:45, »9:40 a mT :
•l»:30. 2:15. '3:40. »5:13 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at t:*n ssd 10:13 p. m.
' BUNDATS— «:2O. IiUO. «10:00. «11:« « j».
•1:40, '3:15. 4:43, »«:30 p. m. *
' Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLHT TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:4S. 6:15. 7:55. 9:45 a. mT:
12:33. J:SS. »:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10.20 p. m.
BUNDATS— B:O6. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 2:15. Jja,
P " THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and waystatlona.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and raj staMons.
1:00 *. m. Bundays— Tomales and wajr station*
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
G W Towle, Towles |T T Tynan San Job*
Mrs E Cushlng;; Butte ! N Tynan, San Jose
F M McCarthy.' ChlcaglH C Belding, Stockton
J H Wheeler, N V W II Austin, Stockton
G D Deal & w; Cal P Xlusto. Stockton
J Ferrald. Cal J M Rex. Cal
J Styffe. U S N O Brown A w, Cal
A R NickerHon, U S N E J Lewis. Pasadena
X H Plate, San Joae • JA Crum. Templeton
A M Allen, San Bruno Miss Crum. Templeton
C B Harrell, Merced T B Cook. N V
C Fetherton Tulare G M Pock, Stockton
P B McLeod. Seattle M J Silvle. Cal
M L Mery. Chico W W Emery, Ansels
O Lortnr. Term G B Gazzola, Angels
E Moltzen, Pt Reyes E L Peacock &w. Cal
G W Hendry. Cal R Richardson. Cal
T Hunter, Elko |G W Hamilton, S Jose
H Tuggy, Alameda F Cox. Sac to
W S Davis &. w. Cal H J Evans &w, Napa
A E Mullen. Milwauk H C Davey & w. Cal
T A McQuatd. Pa J V Shephard. N V
J Harris. Johnstown W A Roth. St Monica
E J Mackay. Manitoba Dr W C Watts. Cal
R H Denny, Seattle W Elklntton, Napa
Mrs Flexman Sacto H Buchanan, N'tipa
J M Campbell. Cal H Rudin, Fresno
B N Lehman. Phlla Mrs Gilman, Chicago
Mrs M F Dlllen, Menlo Mrs Flnney. Mo,
E A StaufTer, Cal F E Davis. San Joss
W F Price. Sta Rosa
PALACE HOTEL.
Wilbur Johnson, N M iMrs Preston, do
A B Cohen. St. Joe- iThos Flint, San Juan
J G Brown. Los Ang II J Small. Sacto
E J Stringham. N V J N Fertlg. Lob Ang
Mrs E E Ainsworth, \Q S Slmmlns, Sacto
New York | Lewis Russell, Portlnd
Mrs Schrader, Seattle !B U Steinman, Sacto
P J Kelly. Seattle G H Chance, Portland
Mrs P J Kelly, do Jack Hirpch. New Yrk
A J Paul, St Louis O B Stanton. Kan City
C W Pyle, Kan City D M Addieon, U S N
J S Malam. Cleveland jP W Delane. U S N
Mrs Malam, do A W Pressey, U S N
D E S Relmer, Detroit Dr J Paylor. U S N
Mrs Relmer, Detroit E G Howard and wife,
A II Franclscus, Chgo San Jose
D J Banslleld, Auburn Mrs Frank McLaugh-
D D Oliphant. Portland lin, Santa Cruz
L L Rowe. Berkeley Miss McLaughlln, do
P. Donan. Oregon IMrs W Woodruff, Rdld
Chas Watteraon, Butta iMiss Woodruff. Redlnds
Mrs Watterson, do |Dr and Mrs T Flint
Sol Rosenfeld, Portland IS N Rucker. San Jose
E B Jordan. Hanford Miw A Breck. Oakland
C E Calm. New York Lady Bromly, England
H W Huss, New York O W Meysenburg, Chgo
E F Preston, Porkola I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J H Boyd, Madera :J B Lee, Tacoma
G Lorentz, Nebr F Herblg. Crockett
C Baxter, San Jose- C M Carter, Marysvlllo
S Porter. Fresno II D Lewis. Colfax
G Layman. Uklah F Small. Pasadena
V Lee, Pennsylvania JC Watson. Santa Cruz
J Kingsley,- Stockton H D Morris, Petaluma
E B Jenkins. San Jose G Smith & w. Chgo
B T Flint & w. Or M Dixon. Rio Vista
C Page & w, Bakersfld J L Reynolds, Hollstr
ARRIVED.
TuesSay. January 9.
Btmr Coos Bay, Glelow, hours from New
port and way ports.
Pchr Monterey. KnudsMi. S days from Coos
Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 9— Sohr Chas
R Wilson, hence Jan 4.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Jan »— Chll bark
Sulitelma, for Coquimbo.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan »-Schr
Corinthian, hence Jan C.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan 9— Stmr Townsend, for
Skaguay; echr ChallengeT, for Port Blakeley;
schr Lizzie Vance, for San Pedro.
PRT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed JaO 9— Stmr Al
catraz, for San Francisco; Nor stmr Titania.
for Nanalmo.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan »— Stmr. Fulton and
schr .T G Wall, for Ban Francisco.
SAN' PEDRO— Arrived Jan 9— Schr Lacy,
from Umpqua; stmr Alcatraz, from Port Lcs
Ansreles, and sailed for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Jan B— Stmr Green
wood, hence Jan 6.
. Sailed Jan 9— Stmr Greenwood, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Aberdeen,
henre Jan 7.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 9— Etmrs National
City and Homer, from Eureka.
Sailed Jan 9-^U S stmrs Philadelphia. Mar
blohead and Imva, for .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 9— Schr W II
Talbot, for Port Plrie.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HARWlCH— Arrived Jan B— Br ship Marl
borough, hence July SL
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan »-Sh!p Kenll
worth. hence Autc 22
MANlLA— Arrived Jan «— Ship Wm J Rotch,
from Baltimore.
PANAMA— Arrived Deo 23— Stmr Colon, hno
Ncv 23.
GUAYAQUIL— SaiIed Dec 23— Ger stmr Vol
umnls. for San Francisco.
KOIIE- Sailed Jan s— Br Btmr Goodwin, for
Tacoma.
OYSTER BAY— Sailed Jan B— Baric Theobald.
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Jan B— Stmr Rotter
dam, and proceeded. Arrived at Rotterdam.
¦ NBW YORK— Sailed Jan 9— Stmr Columbia,
for Genoa, etc.
SYDNEY, NSW— Arrived Jan 7— Stmr Warrt
moo, from Vancouver, for Honolulu.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Jan &— Stmr Graf
Walderse*, from New York, for Hamburg, and
proceeded.
Sailed Jan 9— Stmr Pretoria, from, Hamburg,
for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan T— Stmr Western
land, from New York.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page 8.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1900.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
V^ Steamers leave Broadway
Tr-fw^ wharf, fan Francisco:
PTt^^V fr' 0 "" Alaskan ports. 19 a. m.,
£fe*»s>»^ Jan. 6, 11. 16, 21. 26, 11. Feb.
F&l K^ft lLtlrt 6 - c han«re to company'! steam-
SjgtaSffqJS&a era at Seattle.
tit&riiSidl - For Victoria, Vancourer
r^*s<Kj&y« <B. C). Port Towneend. Seat-
tie. Tacoma, ETerett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 10 a. m.. Jan. t.
11. 18 21 28, SI, Feb. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter; change at Seattle to thin company's
eteamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y. ; at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y.: at Vancouver to C P. R'y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Jan.
9, 14. 19. 24, 29. Feb. 8, and every fifth day
thereafter. _
For Santa Crux. Monterey. Ssn Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). GaTlcta.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme Ban Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Ansele*) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Jan. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. J7. 11. Feb. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dtego, stopping only at Pert Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Ansele* and Redondo (Los An^elesy. 11 a.
m., Jan. 5, 9. 13. 17, 21. 25, . ». Feb. 8. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jom del
Cabo Maxatlan. Altata, La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. tn.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to cnanga
eteamers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
YICKKT UFFIVB —4 New Montgomery
Btreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Oen. Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0, R, & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
pinr £12 First Class Including Berth
rAuL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 8. IS. 28; Feb. J. 13
state of gaxarm^^g^^; g
"shortlLtne to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helen* and all points ln the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
830 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
KSW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDOS, PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Jan. 17| Pt. Paul Feb - 7
New York J*a 14 , New York Feb. 14
St. LuuU Jan. Si' St. Lcul« ...Fi» i.
RED STAR LINE.
New York arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 15 noon.
Aragonla Jan. 17|Westernland ....Feb. 7
Friesland Jan. 24 Kensington Feb. 14
Bcuthwark Jan. SI INoordland Feb. II
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
*30 Montgomery ?t.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYOIISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
- r.er of First and Brannfin streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA nnd HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nag.-isakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received on board on day
of vailing.
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan. 16
NIPPON MARU Friday, Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. , .
XV. H. AVERT, General Agent.
©*3l?fflp»!l«r T h* S. B. Aurtralla
• B'««lft%sall9 for Honolulu
v ™ Wednesday, Jan. Vt,
%^s — TT>v 1900. at I p. m.
'Ctthrnchinr) 8 - s - M °asa satis via
e)i&dilDlllU c Honolulu and Auckland
•nnn?(7U> for By.lney Wednesday.
VOlilrJOlCfer Jan. 14. at 8 p. m.
- Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
, Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sncx,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
i. D. br'K£CKELS.»a?.OS.CO.. Agts.. 114 Montqomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight offlc-.?27 Market St
, . 1 .
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLAHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <*jrFl}
Saturday, from November 2. ISJ9, at ->™*= TC*
10 a. m., from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. Jan. »U; LA
AQUITAINE. Jan. IS; LA CASCOGNE. Jan.
25; LA NORMANDIE. Feb. 1. First-class to
Havre, 'sGo and upward; 5 per cent reduction en
round trip. Second class to Havre, $43: 5- per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coait
Agents. 5 Jlontit^mery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEES.
nFS^ITNA^YARTAIITvALSjOr
Steamer "Monticello." .-:
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9-.G
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. r-.l^ht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays,- 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC RfIILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry.
Week Days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:42 p.m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
jl 49.
/'"""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iS^^Sjv/i? 6125 KK A It.\ V NT. Established
fcf V fr*i& tn '*•** '°r the treatment r;f Private
stL*i*k fiJSI roseKS*"*' Lost Man hrx,<l. Debility or
WC^^pSft disease rearing on bodyandmindand
»iJwCe|oB«Cl Skin Dlseas»-s.Thedoctorci! res ivheii
" ggj ftgigPi others falh Try him. Charges low
tTVHBaSQMCI 4'm'f«BOsri»ntrnl. Cull or write
Dr. J. t\ UIBBOJf, Box lt>37.S&n FtaacUca
OFFICES AXD STORES— TO LKT.
A FINi: Ftore to let In the V*Ft retail portion of
Market street, by JOHN -PFORR._4O3 Pine st.
LARGE, decant ctore. S9J Valencia street; bu*l-
n<*s ct-nter; low rent.
SIXTH. 223— With bakers' oven: suitable for I
a bakery. Key et '.'?¦> Sixth rt_ i
PAHTXIJUS~\VAXTED.^
HALF Interest In paVlax and well established
ml*:, bus.; capital required. 1500. SCHWEIN-
HAKD & CO.. room* 2-3. 10074 Market st.
\VANTEP-Partr.<>r for a barber shop. EH
Grove m. •¦'
X~ L."M.^-COSIE home to-dny for peace tali j
Phon» me l*:'or? ten. F.
Aiir.UICAX woman wishes position a* house- i
Scet-jx-r toe club of s<-ntlemen or saiaJl private
fnini-y; excellent •.'•.ok: authentic city reTer-
taoer A. X !".. JIM Bush i.t.
r>R. :-••}?: KM AN l-.-i* removed to 14 McAlllrter
*t., t^leilume Jessie 2SI. ,
PRIVATE ftetertlvt wrk; reasonitblo rates-; 10
years' experience J. H. HAY. 113 Eddy st.
LEDERER'fi C'ui"l<Jn' ( a is a rs"*>-t hair tcnlc.
Sic bo*.; Lfdfrrr's Foamo Shampoo ha* no
equal. Sc pfcg; Lt-tierer uses no other.l 23 S'ktn,
JOHN L. HOOVE, Patent Trademark
Attorney «'-t Law. e.r.& Copyrieht
N, ;..j Sutt.r ft.. Lavi-p n Specialty.
Ban Franclßoo. Oal. American and Foreign
Ser.-i for ¦ :ri-u:ar. Patents Solicited.
LEDEItEIt 1* i-Rr exceTlcnce. ihe hairdrcfST of |
Sa-: Franclsce; late**, style? only. 25c: marl- i
rcrine. — <¦: imsractng, tl; socd switcher-, tl: ]
:.-¦ . C opea Sun.. J to 12 a. :n. 12J Stktn. •
A FIXE s«tt to order tl° 75. or pants $3 75; our j
:j t .a ; t y :r> rfra::»ats allow*, us to tell cheaper |
than ready niadf. L. UCMOS. 1117 Market Ft..
• • :fi and Stfc. rrep. One-pric Tailoring \
Co. ; BO Knray ft., r.ear Sactc; also 15*4 Mar- |
kft £-... unJ.r St. Nlr-linlas.
I"IGF:n'S sWPe;vrs ar* the b^st and rheapept. '
AM kki.'.s rvpa!r<-d and for sale at 342 Sut?T. '
FOR ten Cars. p'iot"» given Baxter can b« re- i
covered. Addrfss K4 Ninth st. '
GOLDEN Gate Qyrtrr and «'hoi. House; oyftT*
any ml<> DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth. ,
ELECTRIC l'.Eht* in every room;
Hotel, 44 Third tt.. near Market: JM rooms: |
:: c in Jl so per nirht; tl EO to t 6 p<*r wr?k: :
frvi> 'bus and ' ¦ . ¦- ~ .. - to and from th? itrry. j
LEADING theatrical and rnsuFqueradc cos-
ttimfrit; make-up and wigs; country orders bo- ;
ticited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7G3 Market tt. ;
IF you wish full vaiue for your catt-off cloth- j
ir.g call on B. COHEN. 157 Third at.
COLEMAN buys olrtJiir.g. bric-a-brac, tool*.
c«rr»-ts. old pold: send for him, .v-6 Kearny.
lU:sT price tor oast-r.r clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. "09 Third rt.: send poetU.
HIKSI'TINi: CO.. hair *j>eeia!;f=ts. crow hair
cr no pay: b<ick tor stamp. C Edly st.
WANTED- Old er'.d for manur*. O. NOLTE.
jeweler, 14$ QTsarrU. b»t. Powell and Mason. .;
ETAMMERIXO corrected: bocklet. J. UHITM- j
)!• i:.\\ A. M . Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
> WEEK'S newt for 5 cents. The Week'y CaJl. ,
1« x-k**. !n wrapper, fnr rrallinit. SI per year, j
IIIZAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALC
EAETON, ELPRIDGE & CO.,
CSS Market street.
PATS 17 PER CENT.
{300— Rents $3$ 50 rer month; 14 block* from
Thir'i anl Market Els.; on Natonia et.;
let S-x'S feet.
EAST OF LAP.KIN ET.
Il3.Goo— On Pest Ft.; lot 50x«7:6 feet; 3 houses of j
7 rooms an-3 bath; r<?r.te $I*o per annum. |
WESTERS ADDITION FLATS
JH3.CCO— Herts tl€2s per annum; Steiner et.. near
Kil's; lut jCx»O ff-»-t; € modern flats of t
end 7 rooms anu bath.
fU.tOO— Rents IZ2C> per annum; lrt 25x120 to rear j
street; 3 modern flate of &. S and 10
rooms and bath; Ellis st.. near Laguna, j
113.000— F.T.ts 1136S per annum; on Pine St.. j
rear Steiner; Ir-t 50x127:6 back to rear
btreet; 5 flats of 5 and 4 rooms and bath '
on Pine St.; 4 fiats on rear street, S and ]
MISSION HOMES.
JSCOO — Chattaaoosxa Ft., r.ear Twenty -second ; lot ,
Jt,xll7:€ f««t back to rear street: cottaee S !
roor:.is irul bath; stable; rentej fur $17 ]
pt.r n.onth; DiLrtgage JliOC caa remain.
tSOOO — Lextnstcn aye., near Twenty-first «t. ; I
house 6 ro"as And bath and basement; !
rent* j:i j<er month; Jl7CXi.iac'rt«a4;e can ,
reniaa:.
f2sW— Nesir Seventeenth ani Market rte. ; ele-
gar.:, new. modern house of € rooms «tnd |
bsth; lot M 4x123 feet; 11200 bank mort- ¦
t> fee ¦_. :¦ remain.
RICHMOND LOTS.
SNAP. •
§££!>— ?4;0 bar.k mortftr.pe can remain; on Second j
aye.. nr. Point Lcbos aye.; lot 20x12u feet. I
fllOfr— £. E. cor. California et. and Eighteenth
aye.; lr.i Z3AxOC feet.
EASTON. ELDP.IDGE 4- CO..
e^S Market street.
«CTiO-RENT VI; all rented; en Eighteenth St.;
2-story twrtldlnr: contains C flats; lot £0x80:
!--.r--<-t work dene; a fine Interest-paying prop-
erty at a treat eacrific*.
$16,500— P.f-r.t 1145; lot 2£xl37:<; Ellis St.. near
Van NVfb aye.; 3 modern fiats, !» rooms, etc.;
&.i rented.
lU. to> Lot s"'i&<} on good street, east of Lar-
kin. t>outh cf S;ut*r. In growing district; Im-
provements rent iur t'X>; aul rented.
MO.OOO-^-We have larce i/.ec* of land in whole-
sale district n«ar Kirst si.; have splendid ten-
ant lor IC->>ar l^ase If buildlnc were erected;
vou;(l pay 6 |>er cent n*t: $40,000 buys latid and
jays cofct of new building; rlans at offlce.
1250ft— Hayes n.. bet. Ba.k»r and Brodertck;
SSk.lOO; cheap lot, sur.r.v Fide of street.
$40GO— Western Addition cottag*; Laurel St..
clo»« to Sacramento: good cottage, T rooms,
bath, etc.; hith basement; can be made into
Oats at small expense; would pay well; lot 2Cx
A. M. SPECK * CO. Ce7~MAHKET S~t7
ALL GENUINE BAROAI2CB.
A-SHO.<KXi; grand buy; near Chronicle; rents
$:;; n^t.
A-JTi.OOO; rent. $4000 per year; 60-foot corner.
A— Jr.a.OiiO; fln» buy; 4-story brick; near Or-
p!i.-um; lot 3S feet fr^nt; all rented.
A-US.COO; rents 14000 per year; Slxth^t cor.
A— S2I.COO; business property; renu $2SO; sew
buililrg.
A— $2^.000; rents fl'V); new; all rented.
A— 11.'.. 500; rents tIZZ; corner on Leavenworth
at.; mr.rtcnce 112,000.
A— t12.5:X-; rents $1<X); business prcj>erty; near
Kale's fctore.
A— 17500; rents f75; 3 elegant flats; nr. Halght.
A— KWOO; rents J6O; PoFt et. : 3 nice flats.
A-V4SW); rent* $40; California st. ; S good flats.
K2S AND rPWARO— SELLING FAST.
On very ee.«y payments: choice lots in the
block recently FUb<!i\-liie4. bounded by H ana I
ets. Klrhteenth and Nlnteenth aye?.; right on
U.e Park and the new Nineteenth-aye. boule- i
yard ; a number cf lots already acid; balance j
bound to *cii quickly; fine Investments; good i
I .;.'.:'..- lots: all ready; lots on offlclal grade; '
r- : ..:.—¦.- '. . water pipes laid; plank elde-
walks ; 6 per cent interest or.ly.
PRICES tZZi UPWARD— TOUR OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for bu'ldlr.g purposes; elec-
tric cars pa** the property: see this b'.ock at
onr-e. <io to our branch off.cc to-day, cor. 11.
rt. and Ninth aye. ; i>rk-» lists, etc.. there or at
our office. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
PARK lots-Park lots.
Iyts near the Park going ep fast; the new
Panhandle «!!! surely be the means of raising
prices; cent malt; call or send at once for
price list; we to*v« the ch»apeet )*>ts In the dl»-
trio:.
$.'7.-— s23 cat*. $5 monthly; 2£xl2«. south of
t!.»- Park, nn Tenth aye.
irr.:.— jrjj cat-h. $U monthly; Ninth aye.. near
J t=t.; 2Sxl2 fl ; fine views.
SCO— Cheap orner, KxlO7:«; easy terms;
Tenth aye.. south of Park.
$750 «-aoli-- 2 lots on Point Lobos aye.; 25x100
< • : . $*0 monthly.
LVON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
,
PARK LOTS. 6CNFET HEIGHTS.
Block facing Gn'if-n Gate Park, between II
and I streets. Eleventh anfl Twelfth ayes.
Already ten houses built on this block.
ISOO ANTj UPWARD.
One cccrter cash; balance monthly.
'-¦„ A. E. BUCKINGHAM,
2* Mor.tucrr.rrir ft-., rocm 11. linnc'h offlce 1215
Ninth aye.
tX7M) — I/)T and 3-story brick house; tunny side
Houth Park, near Third «.; I rooms; al«>
lat»;«> ish<;> in rear yard. By WM HEN-
'PniCgSOX & CO.. CI4 Can building.
?CEW cottage*, houses and flats for'eale on
Pierr* and Waller rts.. near Halght; over 30
houses m],\ ln Farae block. Terms to suit by
.:¦ F. KELSON, builder.
TVANTEI>— Ofr>r on house of R rooms and bath
lot Kxl2:>. m l>o-.:gli!.» B t. : bargain «f bought
for.n. Particulars at lOl^i Fifth st.
FOR ra'.e— Cheap. n»w 2-stcry houses: 7 rooms;
latest improvements; Nc* and Hill sts.- near
Castro-a*. cars; patent sidewalk.
HEAL 3STATB CITY— FOR BALG.
AUCTION « OF » 'INVESTMENTS RESIDENcS
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MONDAY. JANUARY 15. 1900,
At 12 O'clock Noon.
J. H. MEDAU ESTATE. .
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Dolores Ft., east line, 81:3 ft, north of 24th st. ;
chrttoTf residence iot; 30:6x117:6; subject to con-
firmation by court.
R. H. MONCK ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S PALE.
The two following properties, subject to con-
firmation by the court:
No. 1.
1123-5-7-9 Folsom st.. southeast corner of Har-
rlpon aye.. between 7th and Mh sts.; two two-
story houeeß of 6 rooms each; also store and flat
of G rooms adjoining; rents $7i' ".0 per month;
both streets accepted by the city: lot 50x75.
No. 2.
Prospect aye., northwest lln«, 105 ft. north-
east or Alabama st. ; lot 25x100.
TURK STREET RESIDENCE.
1605 Turk et.. south line, near Pierce Bt. ; coxy
bay- window house of 7 rooms and bath; nice
panl^n: brie* foundation; stone walk, etc.; lot
27 Xxuh.
mission-Investment.
229-11-17 and IS 15th et., south line, near Noe
et.; 4 bay-window flats of 5 and 6 rooms, bath
each; reiiu $'& per month; brick foundation;
stone' walk; i-treet bltumlnlzed and accepted by
the city; lot ClxiJ.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
2t30 McAllister st.. north line, near Parker
aye.: bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lot 2.'xfcS":B.
MISSION COTTAGE.'
li» VIcWsbUTK st.. west line, between Church
end Sanchez, :3d aud 24th sts.; bay-window
cottspe of 6 rooms and bath; briok foundation,
etc.: stable In rear for 3 horses; lot 2ax117:6 to
alley.
MISSION' COTTAGE.
4076 lP'.h st., Tiorth line, noar Castro st.; bay-
wlnduw cottage oi 5 rooms and bath; large
basement; lot Ul'x7;.
CHATTANOOGA STREET LOT.
Chattanooga it.: west line, If 2 It. north of
22d St.; let 26x125.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Dolores, TMh and Fair Oaks sts.; 19 choice
residence lots, located in the warm belt of the
Mission: tine view; easy terms.
For further particulars apply at our offlce.
U.. 11. IMBSE.V & CO., Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — COPyTßy~For;B»vle
A LIST OF^RPECIAL BARGAINS— Whfii
eetiGing for rr.y CATALOGUE always state
about what Is vantpil— amount to invest, etc.
I'll then aiso funithh a specially prepared list
of "SNAP" barsalr.F— near what you want,
not In catal igue. While I make a special
feature of .N'AJI'A and SONOMA county
places. I'm personally , acquainted with over
3< 00 ranches fnr sale and exchange in Cali-
fornia—more than any other ten agents In
the State. I travel nearly all the time, in-
tpfcting country property.
N. D. SICKELP. the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary st.. opposite Chronicle bids.. S. F.
SANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farming and
ttoik lands; owner's sale tn tracts of 5 to DOu
acres; easy term?, or will exchange for San
Francl«<-o property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS snd <J. C. VACHELL, 20 Montgomery
St.. between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. dally.
YEP. $3 per acre up: farm list; fre* fare. M.
GRIFFEN, 715 Market St., nrar Call building.
MILLHHAE lot* and blocks: fenced; water
work-. PUTTERFinLD. i-27 Market Et.
RA.NCII TO LIT.
Ft 'R r<*nt— Ranch of 10 acres, with house and
litims: fu!tab!e for milk or chicken ranch;
running stream of water; bark of Glen Park.
Inquire JOUST BROS.. Mission anil Eleventh
us., or Corbett road. Sunnyslde Saloon.
KOOMS KOlt MUISKkiCEI'ING.
CLAY. 2421. near F'llmore— 2 large unfurnlvbed
rooms; yard; water; rear: rent J7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements orxl Lubscripttons
received at Call branch offlce, 2120 Fillmore st.
GEARY. 675— Front parlor and kitchen.; private
fa:nily; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1410— Finely furnished
tloor. complete; sun, bath, yard.
McAl-LISTKK. C 7*— Private family: newly fur-
nished yunny front room for gentleman.
THREE fumlFhed rooms; $13; stove. 18 Lewis, j
of? Taylor, near Pest.
TWELFTH, 40—2 tunny front connecting rooms
for hr.usfkerplng. $10.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions j
receive! at Call branch efflce. 22C0 Fillmore ts. I
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver- !
tlswmrnts nn<l subscriptions has been opened I
at I"r3 P'llk st.: ciwa until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubfcriptlcns has been established at 1036 Va-
lercia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUl*criptl'jns has been eetablls-hed at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky «=ts.; open until 9 p. m.
KOOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd I'nlnra.
a'-^IbRUNS \VICK"HOUS E7^W?l;i^h^Roorns
25c to II per night: tl Z5 to $;. per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk snd Taylor sts.—
Homelike hcuse; modern eervlce; elevator:
bath; rooms 6£ic to Jl C 3 day. MRS. J. KING.
AUSTIN aye.. IC2. r.ear Polk st.— Large sunny
front room; furnished.
BOHEMIA. 23S Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. sunny suites for gentlemen and families;
spec, rates tourists; elevator; all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1426 Market «t. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
BOHROW on olancE, furniture, diamonds,
paintings : eecrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CALIFORNIA, 1406— Nice funny bay-window
room, suitable for two gentlemen; gas and
use of bath.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call branch efflce. 2200 Fillmore el.
EDDY. 310— Nicely furnished mmny rooms, from
16 to $15, to gentlemen.
FIFTEENTH. 1570, near Mission— Furnished
rooms to rent.
GIKARD House. 192 Seventh— Sumy furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. £15— Newly furnished.
Funny rooms, scrupulously clean, from t$ up;
fine alcove room with running water; no sign.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southenst cor. Seventh
and Mlf»lon tts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
flngle: ladles' parlor: reading room: elevator.
HAIGHT. 100— Newly furnihh»<l Funny rooms,
fultable for one or two gentlemen.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mls«lon— Select family
r-rrnlng hou*e; SI 50 to »6 per week.
HOWARD. 715— 2Wj runny rooms; nicely fur-
nlihed; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. 829— Clean, respectable; 25c-U per
night; ,l-! 3 per week; Howard cars to door.
HOWARD and Main, NE. corner— Two sunny,
nc-wly furnished rooms; bath; $5 month each.
MINNA, €67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-t»lndow room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, CA— Single furnished rooms; $5 per
month.
O'FARRELL. -20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office?: elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 227— Single sunny room, with
l&rge closet, 18 par month.
O'FARRELL. 504— Furnished suite; sunny rea-
sonable; to gentlemen. - . .
ROFEDALE. 221 Ellie. near Taylor— loo rooms;
£5c a night; tl a week: transient.
ROYAL House. 'l 26 Kills st.— lncandescent light,
readlng-rocm. emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 25c to $1 60; week, $2 to
W: month, js to J3O; elevstor en offlce floor;
foomg with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, IS Eighth st», ¦
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TEHAMA. 104 — Front sunny room; rent rea-
sonable-.
THK Oaks. n» Third— A rood rooming house
tor good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
VAN NESS aye.. SOS-Elegant suites, single
rooms ar.a housekeeping suites; suitable for
doctor cr dentist.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
titemerits and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open till Ip.m. . .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubserii.tlons has been established at 10S6 Va-
Uncla tt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subr-r!ption» has been established at the
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ft*.: open till 9 r>. m.
bEWISG atACHIgES AND SUPPLIES.
ti MONTHLY, rented, repal red. boughtTVold ;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. »old. exchanged, rented; re-
pslrlng at lowest rat»w. gfc Fourth et.
STORAGE AXD WAUEIIOUSBS.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH StoraET^d~Mo^lrTg~CoT
Offlce. 401 Port «t.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 8713
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; cuaranteed t^years*
The Koy Jewelry and Optical Co., 610 Kearny.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1, 183S, to Decem-
brr 31. 1539: Arthur- Vanier, 5 years; Charles
Vanier. 3: Frank Cryne, 4; Mary Canessa, "p'4;
Peter Canessa, 3H: Joseph Burns, 3 5-6; Ger-
tie McLoughlln, 3 5-6: Pauline Smith, 5: Isa-
bel Smith. 2; Peter Reilly. 5; Gertie Bergin,
2: Christine Barnes. 2H; Fred Wilkie, 3;
Frank Magulre, 2 5-12: Mary Muleahy, 3; An-
nlta Greenwood, 2; Laurence Bank, 2,£: John
Bergin, 3: Francis Turantino. 3: William Mof-
fntt. 6; Maty MeClellan. 6: Fred Bulz, 2V4:
Charles .Suiz. 1 1-3; Rose .Herbert, 5.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st, has received the
" following orphan, half-orphan and aban-
doned girls from October 1. 1899, to January
1. 1900: Nettie Moore, aged 12 years; Cedle
H. Williamson, aged 11 years; Irene Bennet,
aged 11 years: Vera C. Faber, aged 9 years;
Georgle C. Faber. aced 4 years; Bessie I.
Lee, aged 7 years: Mabel J. Lee. aged 5 years;
Frances M. Kane, aped 2 yearß: Emily Johns-
ton, aged 5 years; Dorothea Johnston, aged
IS months. '
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 819 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<1S Morta-nmerv «t.. rorrrm ft-ifl: tel. 55?0.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA IIEAL. ESTATE.
$1450— LOT 26x125; cottage 5 rooms and bath;
street work done; easy terms.
$2200— Lot 50x143; fine cottage; 5 large rooms
and bath; worth $3500; only 5100 cash, balance
J2O per month; treat snap.
$3000— Lot 40x150; Morton Bt., between rail-
roads: near station and school; handsome new
cottage of 7 rooms and bath; $SOO and $25 per
month. .^
?225O — Lot 35x150; 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; Alameda aye., near Morton-st. station;
easy terms.
J3SPO— Lot 40x150; fin* new 2-stcry house. 8
rooms and bath; Morton st.. near stations and
schools: $500 cash, balnnce ?30 per month.
$3600— Lot 75x150: on main avenue; cottage
8 rooms and bath; Great bargain.
Houpes to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L & CO.,
v 1432 Park St., Alameda. Cal.
A HOME— Send description, condition and loca-
tion: I will find you one. A. R. DENKE Sr..
1400 Webster st.. Alameda. ¦
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY ROOMS.
"THE PLEASANTON." 2632 Durant aye.. near
university— Rooms with or without board;
young ladlps preferred.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND UEAL ESTATE.
$400tv— FOR 3 houses and lots, each with 6
rooms and bath, with the latest Improve-
ment*; strictly up-to-date; Al neighborhood:
street work complete; all conveniences; near
to school?, cars. Btores. etc.; permanent ten-
ants: bis interest on the money Invested;
bank mortgage $3^(0; seeing Is believing; call
early. J. B. MYERS. 1092 Broadway, Oak-
land.
$3?n,i BUY 3 a $0000 business property on San
Pablo aye.: stores and flats and a large lot,
¦with private waterworks; mortgace $2500; can
remain; a rare bargain for business prop-
erty; investigate. J. S. MYERS, 10M2 Broad-
way, Oakland.
:t:oc— WILL sell quick for $4200; One corner
residence: lot 45x175; 9 rooms; up to date.
E E. BUNCE. 80S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND llin.MTl'RE VOH SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th ani T-Yankltn. Oakl.ina.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wlttram Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of business,
227 Market st.. San Francisco.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Boanl of Directors, held on the 18th day
of December. 1599. an assessment (No. 7)) of
cne {If cfnt per share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately In United States gold coin to the
iecretary at the offlce o* the company at the
above address".
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 22nd day of January,
ISOO. wlli be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment In
made before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February. !?<¥>. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, trgether with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
527 Market »t. •
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 75 (25c per
Bhare) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY, will he payable at the
office- of the company. No. 327 Market St.. en
and after Saturday. January 20. 13' X). Trans-
fer books will cloße on Saturday, January IS,
1900. at ]2 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON". Secretary.
DIVIDEND ryjtlce— Dividend No. 5 (25 cents per
Fhare) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the offlce of the com-
pany, 327 Market st.. on and after Monday,
January li, 1900. Transfer book* will clost
on Tuesday, January 9, at i o'clock p. m.
E H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 11 (35 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar (Plantation
Company will be payable at the offlce of
the company. No. 327 Market St.. on and after
Wednesday, January 10, 13C0. Transfer books
will close on Saturday, January 6. 1900, at
. 12 o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, gee.
DIVIDEND notice — The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco — At a regular meeting of the
board of directors of this bank, held January
2. 1900. a dividend was declared for the half
year ending December SI, I&'J9, at the rate.c?
seven (7) per cent per annum, payable' on
and after the 13th inst. Transfer books will
be closed from the 10th to the 15th Inst.. both
days inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
January 3. l? 00.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 18
G?ary Ft.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: S6O per cent
per annum on term and 3 per cent per annum
<n ordinary deposit*, payable on and after
January 7. 1900. ERNEST BRAND. Sep.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., December U, 189»—
Sealed proDosalu. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock m.. January 12,
lf'oo, and then opened, for construction of an
ordnance storehouse at Fort Point. Cal, Gov-
ernment reserves the right to reject or accept
any or all bids in whole or In part. Prefer-
ence given to articles of domestic production,
conditions of price and quality (Including In
th«* pr\ce of foreign productions the duty
thereon) being t-qual. and Euch preference
given to articles of American production pro-
ducpd on the Pacific Coast, to axtent of con-
sumption required by the public service there.
Information furnished on application to un-
dersigned. Envelopes containing proposals
should be endorsed "Proposals for Storehouse
«t Fort Point, Cal.," and addressed by J. M.
MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M.
U. 9. ENGINEER Offlce, Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal.. January 4, 1900— Sealed pro-
posals for erecting double draw-span bridge,
approaches thereto and piers therefor, across
tidal canal at Fruttvale aye., near Alameda,
Cal.. will be received here until 12 noon, Feb-
ruary JO. 1300.. Information on application.
XV. H. HEUER. Major. Engineers.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Anton Cagall and Augusta S. Boyens 88-40
John J. Williams and Louisa R. Moser 30-30
Max Hoffman and Lizzie Devlne 28-19
George W. Optrten nnd Annie J. Hopkins... .Bo-29
Edward A. Kelton and Margaret M. Short. 3s-35
A. J. Brander and Gertrude S. Forman 35-22
F. B. Connolly and Gertrude H. Rains 23-22
Walter Wallace and Retta M. Eperson. 29-22
BIRTHS-MASRIAGES-DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BROWNE— In thin city, January 2, 1900, to the
wife of W. J. Browne, a daughter.
FLEISHER— In Rio Vista, January 8, 1900. to
the wlf» of Ben Flelsher, a daughter.
FLYNN— In Tomales. December 11. 1599. to the
wife of C. J. Flynn. a daughter.
HANAK— In this city. January 7, 1900. to the
wife of Fre<l Hanak. a son.
MARBIED.
GOLDBERG— LANZET— In this city. January
1. l»oo. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Emar Gold-
berg and Lottie Lanzet. both of San Fran-
cisco. ; . ; ; ;
lIOnSON— PAGEL- In this city. January 2,
1900, at St. John's Presbyterian Church, by
the Rev. George G. Eldredge, Harold Fisher
Hobson of Oakland and Anna Gertrude Page.l
of Tracy, San Joaquln County.
KLUGE— SCHNEIDER— In this city, January
9, l'.iCO, by the Rev. XV. E. Dugan, Emil O
Kluge and Mary A. Schneider, both of San
• Francisco.
MENDEL— ELKIN— In this city. January 1
ISOO. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Moses Mendel
and Carrie Elkln. both of San Francisco.
BCHNEIDEH— DREBNER— In this city De-
cember 3L 1899. by the Rev. M. 8. Levy,
Samuel Schneider and Carrie Dresner, both
of San Francisco. ..
"~ DIED.
Bluth, Adolph McCluskey, John
Briggs, Samuel M. Mibavlch, Milan
Urowne, Eliza Minor. Samuel A.
Dake Byron A. Muller, Franzlsoo
Davis, Pauline Murray, Mary
Delehanty, Edmond Owens. Mary I*
Ellwood. Edward Parrish. Norman
Ferguson, Kenneth Pickett, Margaret
Fowlep, Stephens Powning, Grace
French, Mrs. Carrie Sinnott, Eliza M.
Harris. Tilly Smith, Mary L.. • -
Hatch. Albert J. Starr. Eliza J.
Hennessy. John P. Stenßland, Mary .
Hotz, Otto Thode, Claus
James. Joseph B. Turner. William J.
Johnston. Alpha Wallace, George M.
Kerr, Thomas P. Wilberg, Theresa A.
BLUTH— In Oakland. January 7, 1300. Adolph
Bluth, a native of Germany, aged 35 years. A
member of the German Krle*rer Verein.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. P. Petersen ft Co., 22S McAl-
lister street, thence to B'nal B'rlth Hall, 121
Eddy Btreet, where funeral services will be
held* under the auspices of the German Krle-
ger Vorein, commencing at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BRIGGS— In this city. January 3, 1900, Samuel
M. Brlggs, brother of H. V. and D. T. Brit-gR.
a native o£ Rhode Island, aged 73 years.
(Medtleld and Franklin, Mass., papers please
copy. )
CiTFrlends and nccjualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2425 Mission street, near , Twenty-
first. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BROWNE— In this city. January 9. 1900. Eliza.,,
beloved wife of William Browne, and mother
of W. Fran!: Browne and Mrs. Minnie Fel-
lers of Arcata, a native of England, aged 69
years 6 months and 21 days. (San Rafael and
Santa Kosa papers please copy.)
(CTKernalns at. fhe funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason St., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
DAKE— In the City and County Hospital, Janu-
ary 9, 1900. Byrnr. A. Dake, a native of New
York, aeed 43 years.
DAVIS— In thts city. January 8, 1900. Pauline,
beloved wife of Max Davis, and mother of
Mrs. Jesse Xewbauer and Leo. Sylvlan and
Alvin Davis, a native of Salem, Or., aged
42 years 11 months and 8 days. (Portland,
Or., papers plcafe copy.)
(CTFrlends are resuectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
9:43 o'clock, from the family residence. ISOB
Pacific avenue. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by special train from Third and
Townsend streets at 11 o'clock. Please omit
flowers.
DELEHANTY— In this city, January 7. 1900,
Edmond Dolehanty, late of Rio Vista, beloved
husband of Hanora Delehanty, and father of
Joseph, Mary, Annie, Ellen, Edward, Lizzie,
Kate and John Delehanty. a native of County
Tipperary. Ireland, aged 67 years. (New
York and Boston papers please copy.)
E^Frlends and actjualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 402 Sanchez street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ELLWOOD- In this city. January 9, 1900, at
St. Mary's Hospital. Edward Ellwood, a na-
tive of lowa, ated 32 years.
FERGUSON— In this city, January 9, 1900,
Kenneth, youngest son of T. M, and Annie
Fercusnn. and grandson of Mrs. C. E. Cur-
ley, aged 1 year 4 months and 18 days.
[Cs*Notlce of funeral hereafter.
JTOWI.ES —In Oakland, January 8, 1900,
Stephens Fowles, beloved husband of Minnie
Fowles, brother of William, Albert, Frank
and Lizzie Fowles. and son of Mrs. Ruth
Fowles. a native of Salt Lake City, aged 33
years 6 months and 27 days.
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F.— Members
will meet to-morrow (Thursday), at 9:30
o'clock, at the Golden Gate undertaking par-
lors, 2423 Mission street, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Stephen Fowles.
GEORGE P. PREOHTEL. N. G.
P. F. THOMPSON. Rec. Sec.
FRENCH— At the King's Daughters' Home.
Oakland. January 9. IfOO. Mrs. Carrie
M. French, a native of Michigan, aged 40
years 2 months and 8 days.
HARRIS— In this city. Tilly Harris, beloved
daughter of Isaac and Helena Harris, and
sister of Isador, Arthur, Henry and Cella
Fanny Harris, a native of New. York.
HATCH-In this city, January 9. 1900, Albert
James, beloved husband of Martha M. Hatch,
and son of the late Mllo Hatch, a native of
Augusta, Ga., aged 65 years and 5 months.
HENNESSY— In this city, January S, 1900, John
Pope, beloved son of Rose A. and the late
William Pope Henneesy, a native of Omaha,
Nebr.
HOTZ— In this c!t>. January 8, 1900, Otto Hotz.
known as Oscar Hard, a native of CUnton
Zurich. Switzerland, aged 84 years.
[Cyßemalns at the parlors of the Gantner
A- Guntz Undertaking Company, 8 and 10 City
Hall square.
JAMES— In Holy Cross, Pan Mateo County,
Cal.. January 9. 1900. Joseph 8.. Infant son
of J. G. and Anna James, a native of San
Mateo County, aged 1 month and 15 days.
JOHNSTON— In the City and County Hospital.
January 8, l:> 00, AlDha Johnston, a native of
Oregon, aged 40 years.
KERR— In this city, January 9, 1000, Thomas
P., beloved husband of Catherine Kerr, father
of Martin E.. William J., Thomas C. and
Annie Kerr and Mrs. J. P. Nelson, and
brother of the late James and Martin Kerr,
a native of the parish of Klltarten, County
Galway, Ireland, agred 62 years. A member
of Fairmount Council No. 103, Order of Chosen
Friends.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
resldencti, SIS Third street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by train from Third and
Townsend streets.
OFFICERS and members os^Fairmount Coun-
cil No. 103, Order of Choseir Friends — You are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral of
our lute friend. Thomas Kerr, from his late
residence, oIS Third street, to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at S:-0 o'clock.
CHARLES E. MYERS, Councilor.
ST. PATRICK'S Mutual Alliance Association
of California— Officers and members of St.
Patrick's Mutual Alliance Association of
California are hereby notified to assemble at
61S Third street to-morrow (Thursday), at 8:15
o'clock, to pay thelact tribute of resDect to
the memory of our late brother, Thomas
Kerr. By order
THOMAS M. HEART. President.
THOMAS F. ALFORD. Cor. Sec.
McCLVRKEY— John McClusksy. a native of
Philadelphia, aged 51 years and 7 months.
MIBAVICH— In the City and County Hospital,
January 9, lflfKi, Milan Mibavlch, a native of
Austria, aged 21 years.
MINUR-In this city, January 9. 1900, Samuel
A., beloved husband of Emma Minor, a na-
tive of Michigan, aged 49 years.
MULLER— In this city. January 8, 1900, Fran-
cisco, beloved wife of August V. Muller, and
mother of Emll and Frank Muller, a native
of Posen. Germnny, aged 36 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from St. Boniface's^
Church, Golden Gate avenue, between Jones
and Leavenworth utreota. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Remains at the Dariors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh nnd Eighth.
MURRAY— In Oakland, January 7, 1900, Mary
Murray, beloved wife of John Murray, mother
of Lizzie, Peter W., Ellen. Delia. Annie,
George, Mary and Arthur Murray, and sister
of Mrs. Thomas Turner, a native of Athlone,
County Westmeath, Ireland, aged 44 years.
C^Fr'.enda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1807 Seventh street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mans will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
OWENS— In this city. January 9. 1900. Mary
Louisa, beloved wife of John Owens, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 43 years.
PARRISH— In this olty, January S, 1900. Nor-
man, beloved husband of Sarah J. Parrlsh.
and father of Mrs. E. J. Root, Mrs. William
T. Plunkett and Walter N. Parrlsh, a na-
tive of Cleveland, Ohio, aged 61 years 11
months and 21 days.
(CyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday^, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 318 Bartlett street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-flfth. Interment private.
PICKETT— In this city, January 9, 1900, Mar-
ftaret, beloved wife of William Plckett, a na-
tive of Brooklyn, N. Y.
POWNING— In Berkeley, January 9, 1900. Grace
Pownlng, widow the late Ambrose Powning.
and beloved mother of Mrs. R. G. Hart. Mrs.
R. C. Richards and Mrs. XV. J. O'Donnell.
formerly of Orass Valley,- Cal., aged 68 years
and 5 months. (Redding and Grass Valley
papers pleape copy.)
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BINNOTT— In this city, January 8, 1900. Eliza
M. Sinnott, widow of the late John Sinnott,
a native of County Wexford, Ireland.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 651 Folsom Btreet. thence to Bt.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
- commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, January 8, 1900, Mary
Lavlna, beloved wife of the late L. F. Smith,
• nnd mother ; of L. E. Smith of Sacramento,
Cal.. and Mrs. H. A. Rhodes and S. W. Smith
of San Francisco, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 83 years 9 months and 2 days.
(CT Friends "and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resl-
HtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
to Flannagan & GalWqrhe?).
tWEHAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBR3,
M Fifth it. opposite L ncoln dchoaJ.
Telephone Seu.h 80.
mcauov cfc Co.. 9
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1230 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. - ! 1
Telephone South 247^ |
11Woman Charged With Larceny.
Llta Warren, employed in the Columbia
dance hall at Montgomery avenue and
Pacific street, was arrested last night by
Detective McMahon on a warrant charg
ing her with grand larceny. The warrant
was sworn to by Albert Caldwell, a recent
arrival from Alaska, who claims that
while in the woman's company last Fri
day night he was relieved -of bills to the
amount of $60. The woman denies taking
the money and says that she and Cald
well were together for three or four days
on a protracted spree.
Mme. Nevada's Programme,
The programme for Mme. Emma Neva
da's second concert, which takes place at
the California Theater this afternoon at
2:30, is as follows:
(a) Romance t Rubenstelo
(b) March
Mr. Pelden Pratt.
"Chansen <Ju Ulysoll." from "La Perle dv
Breall" Fellcian David
Mme. Emma Nevada.
"Danse Hollandalse" Dunkler
Mr. Louis Blumenbcrg.
Scherzo Chopin
Mr. Selden Pratt
(a) In e'er Freude Taubert
(b) Solovei (In RußPlan) Volslled
Mme. Emma Nevada,
Adagio Pathetiqu« Godard
(Transcription by Blumenbere.)
Mr. Louis Blumenberg.
Air de la Travlata Verdi
Mme. Emma Nevada.
A third recital will be given on Friday
afternoon at the same hour.
Chamber of Commerce Election.
The annual election of officers of the
Chamber of Commerce was held yester
day and the following were selected:
President, Charles Nelson; first vice pres
ident, George A. Newhall; second vice
president, H. F. Allen: trustees—Wake
fleld Baker, B. R. Dimond. A. B. Field,
H. F. Fortmann, William Haas, H. R.
Mann, W. H. Marston, George W. Mc-
Near Jr., William E. Mighell, H. Rosen
feld, A. G. Towne and Charles M. Yates.
The old board of trustees met and
elected the following as new members:
Emll T. Kruse, A. P. Welch, Western
Commercial Company, Benneit & Goodall,
Frank Eastman & Co., Thomas Turnbull,
Hoffman, Rothschilds & Co., L. W. Stor
rer and J. D. Grant.
The board indorsed the fight of the
Board of Horticulture, which is doing all
possible to have Congress pass a pure
foods bill.
STEWARDS OF
TANFORAN WINK
AT RUFFIANISM
They Evade Giving an
Apology.
CORRIGAN INSULT ADMITTED
I2TEXFLICABLE MANEUVERS OP
THE BOARD.
When Edward Corrigan gave a public
exhibition of his blackguardism at Tan
foran last Saturday he probably did not
think that his vicious attack upon R. B.
Mllroy would provoke a turf war on this
coast. He knows now, however, that ha
thrust his offensive self too far Into the
affairs of reputable horsemen, and the
California Jockey Club and the Western
Turf Association have locked horns over
the matter.
The stewards of the Western Turf As
sociation met last night to discuss the let
ter of apology demanded by the Califor
nia Jockey Club an 4 to investigate the
outrage which Corrigan publicly inflicted
upon Mllroy.
The meeting was significant in two as
pects. The stewards postponed a decision
until to-morrow and, in doing so, showed
that rowdyism and ruffianism at Tanfo
ran have their indorsement when the
offenses are committed by the man who
controls the actions of the stewards. In
declining to take action the stewards de
liberately widened the breach between
the California Jockey Club and the West
ern Turf Association, the connection be
tween which has been none too friendly.
The officers of the California Jockey
Club are determined that an apology shall
be made for the insult offered to it
through its secretary. If it Is not forth
coming the war will begin and will be
maintained. The situation is one which
has created a great deal of comment in
turfdom. When the stewards met last
night Milroy and several witnesses of the
outrageous assault of Saturday were pres
ent by invitation.
Milroy related the facts of the assault
as they have already been published. He
offered William Muray, Dan Hanlon and
Clarence Waterhouse as witnesses, but the
stewards declared through Messrs. Fair
and Kirkpatrick that no additional testi
jnony was necessary. Mr. Milroy 1 a verac-
will be bitterly contested Is the on» fll«d
by Mrs. Parmellta Boyle for $50,000 dam
ages against the North Pacific Coast
Railroad.
»r7H. plaJntlff ls a 'wealthy land owner of
Mill \ alley. She alleges in the complaint
that on the 12th of last January she was
injured permanently by being in a car
which was derailed at Mill Valley. Sulli
van & Sullivan will conduct the case for
the plaintiff and James "W. Cochrane will
represent the railroad. The hearing Is
set for January 30.
REV. DR. SPALDING RESIGNS.
Rev. Dr. E. B. Spaldlngr has resigned
the rectorship of St John's Church, which
he has held for over eighteen years. H«
worked hard and ardently for many years
In behalf o f the Episcopal denomination of
this city. Through his efforts the new and
handsome St. John's Church was made
possible, he sacrificing everything to give
his congregation a new house of worship.
Besides his faithful work In the promul
£>f!nn of Tension Dr. Sr>nldin£r established
Trinity School at 3300 Washington street
j ! .c. r[v hlf:h If: health brnke down and he
was forced to _quit all labors, a rest at a
sanitarium In San Mateo being found nee
css£Lry •
PROFESSIONAL DEBUT
OF MISS MARY SCOTT
THERE were two events of Impor
tance at the California Theat* last
night. One was the production of
Plnero's play, "The Princesa and the
Butterfly." and the other the debut of
Miss Mary Scott. I am moved to com
ment firstly on the latter and lesser event
because It was that that drew the crowd
and takes first place in point of interest
If not in point of Importance.
And now I must make a digression.
Once upon a time there was an army
officer. At a certain battle in the late
rebellion he was killed. It is told that
he died in the arms of a certain scldier
who displayed conspicuous bravery in hi 3
act. The soldier had a daughter, the
ofiicer a nephew. The first of these was
Mary Scott, the second a being whos"
Btern duty it is to judge impartially and
without sentimental conscfousnesi the
merits of stage folk. So be It.
Miss Scott in assuming the role of Fay
Zulianl undertook a task that might wefl
try the ability of an experienced actress.
To say that she was overweighted would
be but the truth: to say that she failed
would be doing her an injustice. A good
amateur is rarely a good professional at
the moment of transition from one state
to the other, but if the fledgling show
promise he or she should be encouraged
that artistic good may accrue. The hope
less amateur, however, should be ruth
lessly crushed out of existence as a men
ace to the stage, which can ill afford the
further lncuraloh of mediocrity. I am
happy to say that Miss Scott is not of
these, for, although her shortcomings are
evident In the trying role of Fay Zuliani,
she Is possessed of talent that might be
considerable in another part. Her ability
lies, I think, in comedy, of which she had
little opportunity to give token. She does
not get over the difficulties of the foreign
accent In which her lines are cast, but
this is but one of the tests with which she
had to contend, and through which" she
carried herself commendably. She has
personal beauty and charm, and Beemed
keenly appreciative of the welcome ac
corded her. It is always a pleasure to
take part in such a reception, and the
friendly applause and procession of flow
ers with which she was greeted should
have and probably did make her very
happy. I hope bo.
Harrington Reynolds In the part of
George Lamorant was suggestive of the
villainous roles in which we are used to
seeing him, but acted with Understanding
and address. In the fourth act. in which
he has a scene with Fay. there was a
flash of freedom from his customary af
fectation that was welcome. He does net
set forth the subtleties of Pinero with the
convincing touch, yet he succeeded In
making a good deal of a fine part. MIB3
Hampton, as the Princess, was excellent
In manner and displayed. In her scene
with Edward Oriel, a really fine intelli
gence. Mr. Armory was positively salien
in a small part, but Frank Mathleu was
miscast in the part of a Frenchman.
Francis Byrne, as I have said before, is
not a lover and is fatally handicapped by
a mushy voice which I fear I have been
mistaken in silently attributing to a cold
Mr. Pinero's lengthlness in "The Prin
cess and the Butterfly" inhibits a discus
sion of the play itself which Is of too
great a merit to be treated briefly.
PORTER GARNETT.
Dr. Parker" ¦ Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. AU druggist*.
Sues North Pacific Railroad.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 9.-A suit which
Holly Park Club Meeting.
At a meeting of the Holly Park Im
provement Club last nlsht it waa decided
"THE WINTER'S TALE."
It Will Be Seen Here for the First
Time in More Than a Dozen
Years.
The most Important and Interesting
th*»atr'?al event of the season will be the
engagement of the Louis James. Kathryn
Kldder and Charles B. Har.ford combina
tion at the Columbia Theater beginning
next Monday evening In a scenic revival
of "The Winter's Tale."
It is difficult to conceive a greater com
bination of histrionic ability than is em
bodied in the organization, which aside
from the three principals carries the fol
lowing familiar names: Harry Langdon.
John A. Ellsler, Barry Johnstone, Thomas
Coffin Cooke, Norman Hackett, Colin
Kemper, W. A. Lincoln, Harvey Cas^ldv
George McCulla, J. L. McVicker, Miss
Helen Singer, Miss Aphie James. Mi=s
Emily Grey Bethel, Miss Drofnah and
Mrs. Her.ry Vandennoff.
Notice to Tourists.
To visit San Francisco without seeing
the Diamond Palace would be like visit
ing Europe without seeing Paris. It is a
leading feature of San Francisco. It is a
marvel of beauty and elegance. It is un
questionably the most magnificent Jew
elry emporium in the world— the splendid
conception of a master mind, a controlling
genius. Artlßtic taste and skill challenge
competition here. To be- appreciated it
must be seen. Every traveler and visitor
should go and examine the marvels of
genius at 221 Montgomery street. A. An
drews, proprietor. ?
SAN FRANCISCO
LIKELY TO BE
THE TERMINUS
Natural Advantages
Are Superior.
MYSTERIOUS RUSSIANS HERE
?
PROBABLY LOOKING FOB. A POST
FOR THEIR STEAMERS.
At th« Russ Hous© la a party whose
presence in San Francisco Is exciting a
good deal of interest and speculation. It
consists of A. Bodyuusky, V. Patapoff and
F. Berisoff of Russia, P. Deemens also a
Russian, who resides in Los Angeles and
W. H. Holablrd, who is from the East.
The party arrived yesterday in a special
car from Oregon. W. H. Mills of the
Southern Pacific Company, who went as
far north as Portland to Join it. accom
panied the members back to this city
Bodyuusky. Patapoff and . Borisoff' are
supposed to be commissioners appointed
by the Russian Government to come to
the United States to report upon the point
best suited for a terminus" for the great
Siberian Railway Company, which will
run steamers across the Pacific from
Vladivostok to some place on this coast.
They were met in British Columbia by
Mr. Holablrd. who came from the East
< f0 , r purpose. At Portland they were
Joined by Mr. Mills and Mrs Deemens, m™
iX *%* i frpreter for the Southern Pa
cinc official, and brought to this city
The visitors deny that they are the
agents of the Russian Government look
ing for a Pacific Coast terminus for ?ho
steamship line and refuse to tell what
their businesa is here, as they claim that
Publicity would defeat their plans. Mr
Mills says that a dispatch recently pub
lished in one of the evening papers Is en
tirely without foundation as far as it
credits the Russians with being Govern
ment agents.
Whatever their business here it is evi
dently something of great moment as all
of the party are of the first consequence
in their own country and anything that
would bring them thus far afield must
De of considerable importance-.
If they are not looking for a steamship
terminus they are either here for the pur
pose of establishing some large manufac
turing enterprise— rumors of which have
MAYHOOD MAY
HAVE GONE EAST
Slight Trace Found of
the Kidnaper.
FROM NAPA HE CAME HERE
POLICE NOTrBTED TO BE ON" THE
WATCH FOB TTTTvr
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Jan. 9.— George F. Mayhood,
who on Monday stole away his eight
year-old son. Is still at large and the of
ficers have not been able to locate him.
Sheriff Dunlap has learned that Mayhood
and his son left Napa Monday afternoon
In William Moore's hack and wera driven
to a point near the Stanley ranch, four
miles south of town. At a given point
Mayhood alighted from the carriage and
told the driver to go back to town. May
hood then disappeared In the woods. At
about dusk he took supper at Orrin Sam
mon's ranch and from here he went to
the Cutting Packing Company's wharf
and hailed the steamer Zlnfandel that
was going to San Francisco. At 8 o'clock
he got aboard and went to the city and
from that point it is feared that he has
taken an overland train for the East.
J\hen the steamer left Napa at 7 o'clock
F nd^. I L, Sh S rtf [ Daly Constable Allen
boarded the boat and made a search for
Mayhood but they did not find him. The
officers rode down the river about a mile
to the Sawyer Tanning Company's wharf,
tylu* l l hl 2 polnt they left th e steamer.
If they had continued the Journey the of-
XCK C . el 3i, W i O '2L <5 ha » ve eot thelr man "when h «
boarded the steamer farther down the
river. Besides the boy he stole away
from his divorced wife. Mayhood had with
him the child that was awarded him by
Judge Ham. There are four children in
the family.
=£> U8t H be t°>rnJ ea £! ns Napa Mayhood was
seen by Phillip Plass and stated to that
gentleman that he thought he would go
to Cape Nome. Sheriff Dunlap has sent
3 VM&? Ch l£* 8 ot Police In San
Francisco, Redding, Truckee, Sacramento
and other poinu in the State, requesting
the authorities to search all trains going
past and to apprehend Mayhood and his
two children.
Mayhood is about 40 years of age, has
a mustache and sideburns, is about 5 feet
6 Inches high and stoops slightly.
Self-respect Is on good terms with th«
Old Government Whisky. •
lty, they said, was above question and his
word was accepted as he gave It. That
seemed to settle the question of apology,
but, strangely. It did not.
Corrigan was permitted to testify and
plead that, being uncouth, he is, there
fore, irresponsible. *The plea seemed to
have a remarkable effect upon the stew
ards, who announced that action would
be deferred until to-morrow night, when
more .witnesses would be heard. There
were several waiting in the room to give
their evidence, but they were not wanted.
Milroy's word that he had been brutally
Insulted by Corrigan had been accepted,
but the stewards turned a somersault and
landed nowhere. They could not but see
their own humiliating position and they
even won sympathy because of this new
and grating assertion of authority which
Corrigan publicly made over them.
Big Bequest to Oberlin.
CLEVELAND, Jan. 9.— L. R. Severance,
formerly treasurer of the Standard Oil
Company, has given $50,000 to Oberlln Col
lege. The money will be used to erect and
equip a chemical laboratory.
been In the air for some time past — or
they have come on some colonization
Bcheme and the astute Mills is camping
on their trial for the purpose of selling
them Southern Pacific land.
Whatever their plans, they will no
doubt soon come to light and prove of
considerable interest to the business com
munity of this coast.
One of the party in conversation last
night, while denying they were here for
the reason assigned, admitted that this
city would. In all probability, be the one
chosen as the final port of call for the
Russian steamers. He said that the nat
ural advantages of San Francisco were
far superior for that purpose to any other
city on the coast and ne had not the
slightest doubt that it would be the one
finally decided on. Not only were its to
pographical advantages the finest. Its geo
graphical situation the best, but, he said.
Its future was the brightest of any place
that had been considered. With its in
dustry. Its rail and water connections and
Its splendid feeders he predicted for San
Francisco an importance which would In
a few years make It at least the third
of the cities of the United States.
to ask the new members of the munici
pality to stretch a point In favor of the
$10,000 would. In the opinion of the club
members, be sufficient to place the pleas
ure grounds in presentable shape Tne
opening of East street and Richland ave
nue to Andover street was also urged, as
by the blocked condition of these two
thoroughfares there is no opening for
teams between the given points. A strip
of land will have to be purchased for the
opening of this street, the cost of which
will amount to about $1500. James Smith
Thomas O'Nell and George Truley were
elected delegates to the Mission Federated
Clues.
MAYOR'S ZONE IS
LIMITED BY HIS
HONOR'S FANTASY
Districts Where Good
Politicians Live.
OUTCASTS SOUTH OF MARKET
DEMOdLAZTIC STATESIOTN' MUST
lOOK FOB NEW PTEU>S.
The portion of the city of San Francisco
rltuate south of Market street has given
to the public service many able Democrat
ic leaders and eeveral statesmen of re
nown. The people "south of the slot"
have always been proud of their poli
ticians, but they must realize now the
truth of the proverb that "pride
gx>eth before a fall." They must see that
they, no longer dwell in the lone of po
litical favor.
The w-lse men "south of the slot" will
not lose their heads by threatening to call
mass meetings of indignation, but they
will turn their attention to the production
Of greatness in some other field of human
activity. Philosophers should be gradu
ated. The modern school of philosophy
»outh of the slot ehould teach that the
"Mayor loveth whom he chasteneth."
Then the lesson could be Illustrated by
showing that the "overlook" which the
Mayor gave to his loyal and earnest con
stituents was a proof of his love and care.
Again, philosophy might teach that the
Mayor In his wisdom does not lay uncom
mon stress on one's dwelling place. The
mere fact of a man dwelling In one dis
trict Khould not. according to the Mayor's
rule, circumscribe his activities In another
tjuarter of the city.
Reference to the habitat of the newly
appointed Commissioners clearly Ehows
that the territory comprising: the Forty-
Cm Assembly District— the banner Re
publican district of San Francisco— ls the
Major's favored zone. From that district
he selected nine Commissioners. The For
tieth District, also Republican, comes next
In favor. Seven Commissioners were taken
therefrom. The Thirty-fourth, Thlrty
eJg-hth and Thirty-ninth each received
three appointments. The Thirty-seventh
exd Forty-third each secured two. The
Thirtieth, Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth
each secured one.
The eight districts Ignored were the
Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first
Thirty-second, Thirty-third. Forty-second,
Forty-fourth and Forty-flfth.
Knowledge that great masses of Demo
cratic voters dwell In the proscribed dis
tricts might enrajre a politician, but it
would not disturb the mental balance of a
philosopher. For that reason The Call ad
vises the establishment of a school of
modern, good-natured philosophy In one
of the many Democratic strongholds south
of the slot. There Is no use kicking and
bucking on the part of the good people
In the non-offlce-holdlng region. Politi
cians and philosophers alike know that
the existing offices are given out, and new
places cannot be created until the new
charter is amended. There Is a little grain
of consolation for the masses In the
knowledge that many reformers In the
Committee of Ore Hurfdred Job Chasers
got tickets on the hog train.
AD VEBTISiaiENTS.
We leg to announce the first ar-
rival of NEW FOULARD SILKS
for season 1900. In the assortment
are thlrtD-flve new designs, Includ-
ing all the newest color effects, such
as NATIONAL, MORDORE, MARINE,
ARGENT, RESEDA and VIOLET.
SEE OUR IA7IINDOIA7 DISPLAY.
This week we will also offer the follow-
ing extraordinary values In DRESS GOODS,
BLACK GOODS and RIBBON DEPARTMENTS i
52, 54 and 58 lncli Genuine All-Wool HOME-SPUN
CHEVIOTS, In LIGHT GRAYS, MEDIUM GRAYS,
DARK GRAYS and OXFORD GRAYS, seasonable,
stullsh and serviceable.
Price $1,00 Yard.
REOULAR VALUE $1.50.
One case (30 pieces) BLACK MOHAIR CREPONS, yeru
lustrous flnlsn and a good varletu of new deslorns.
F>rlce> $1.25 Yard.
700 pieces NEW SATIN LUSTRE TAFFETA RIBBON,
31 Inches wide, warranted all pure silk, In all
the new shades; also WHITE, CREAM, PINKS.
BLUES and CARDINAL.
Prlc© 150 Y^rd.
¦ IB9JL t &sFmZ?C
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
MERCHANTS FORCE CESSATION
OF THE HIGHBINDER MURDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1900.
MAXWELL-GORMAN FIGHT
IN FIRE COMMISSION
Another Chapter in Phelan's
Record of Ante-Election
Pledges.
In the Democratic State Convention of 1898
the Mayor Broke a Solemn Promise
Made to the San Diego Dele
gation.
r=^^ ISCIXSSTJRB of the scheme to dls
ji yi member the .Fire Department In
Ij J) order to execute certain ante-elec
tlon pledges of Mayor Phelan is
the main topic of comment in political cir
cles. Th*» assertion Is made that the
Mayor guve assurance prior to the elec
tion that George Maxwell should not be
disturbed. This story is told by the sup
porter* of Mr. MaxwelL Since the elec
tion the fact has come to light that the
Mayor gave aesurance that Joseph Gor
man should be appointed to the position
In the Fire Department which Mr. Max
well occupied.
The Merchant*' Association, apprehend
ing that the department might be demor
alized by threatened changes, sent the fol
lowing letter to the old Fire Commission:
Merchants' Association of Ban Francisco.
BXX FRAMCISCO. Jan. 4, 1900.
To ttie Hon. Board of Fire Commissioner*,
City and County of 6an Francisco — Gentle
men: It has always been the policy of the
Merchants' Association to co-operate with
the officials of tis« municipal government In
the discharge of their duties for the welfare
of the munlcipailty. The relation of this
association with your honorable board has
ever been marked with cordiality and upon
your present retirement xre feel constrained
to clve expression to our admiration of the
eucee*s that has attained your efforts In Im
proving the Fire Department of this city.
It it needles* to rehearse the many Improve
ments that have been made In your depart
ment during the course of your long and
successful administration. They are clearly
evident to the entire community. Tour fel
low citizens undoubtedly Join In the univer
sal commert upon the faithfulness and effi
ciency with which your responsible duties
have been administered.
With best wishes for your continued
health and prosperity we beg: to remain,
with assurances of the W^hest esteem. Sin
cerely ycurs. Beard of Directors of the Mer
chants' A?»-">ctatlon.
F. TC. DOHTtMANJf. President.
J. RICHARD FREUD, Secretary.
Democratic leaders, tho have been In
Mayor Phelan's ca.ru' aod know by per
sonal experience the value of a Phelan j
pledge, make pointed allusion to the exist- I
lngr controversy. A sarcastic apostle of
the unterrined, who was familiar with
the ins and outs of the Democratic State
Convention at Sacramento In 1898, ex
pressed yesterday hla opinions with char
acteristic freedom.
"I have no sympathy," he remarked,
"with the Fire Department managers
who made the Maxwell compaot with
Phelan. They knew that the Mayor
could not be trusted to keep a promise.
They knew that he violated solemn
pledges made to Judge Hughes' friends in
the State convention at Sacramento.
Phelan there pledged his word of honor
to the San Diego delegation to give his
support to the cause of nominating Judge
Hughes for Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court. The pledge was accepted in
I good faith by the friends of Judge Hughes,
but Phelan cast aside the promise and
voted for Judge Coffey. I wouldn't trust
a promise made by Phelan unless it was
given in the form of a promissory note, so
Judgment of the court could be invoked to
compel its fulfillment. Again I say that
I have no sympathy for these men who
entered into a compact with Phelan. A
line of broken promises and violated
pledges marks every step of his political
career. He will enter into solemn agree
ment with his fellow men in convention
and then throw the agreement to the
winds without a word of explanation or
Justification.
"I know something of convention his
tory in this State, and I will leave it to
the Judgment of the delegates from San
Diego County to the Democratic conven
tion at Sacramento in IS9S if Phelan did
not utter a solemn promise to cast the
entire vote of the San Francisco delega
tion for Judge Hugrhes in return for the
vote of the San Diego delegation to ex
clude the Harneyites. I will leave it to
delegates representing San Diego County
If Phelan did not deliberately turn about !
in violation of the pledge and give the
support to Judge Coffey which was prom
ised to Judge Hughes.
"I am not surprised that the Mayor
promised his influence to both Maxwell
and Gorman. What does astonish me is
tne fact that Maxwell's supporters place
confidence in the Mayor's word."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual g*»
Sale of |||
We are offer- S^^^|
At 25 Per Cent Jf t |mL
Redaction. . 1 wp^
Remodeling \ .¦ *
and Repairing.
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
Fashionable Furri^rc
Manufacturing rurricrb,
121 Pcbj Street, Rooms 7 to U.
Cut Glassware
Bargains.
It»» Worth Yout
Coming: Jn«t to See.
Great Americaa ImportmiL Tea Ci
Scores IvceryTvtaere.
100 Stores.
ASHTON & GARDINER,
Real Estate and Insurance Agents. 411 Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco. Emma Spreckel*
bide., 927 Market at., front offices ia> at*
month. *^
12
Hop Sings First
Refused to Lay
Down Arms.
Officers Discover
High Explosives
in Den of a Tong
FOR a time at least the Hop Stngr
Tong and the Suey Sing Tong
have dropped their hatchets in
San Francisco. Yesterday aft
ernoon at 2 o'clock a compact
was signed at the headquarters of the
See Yup Society by which the presi
dents of the warring factions agree to
discontinue hostilities and lay down
their arms until the matters which pre
cipitated the disagreement can be sub
mitted to arbitration. The suspension
of hostilities is due to the
action of the four Chinese
companies of See Yups, the Six Com
panies, the Chinese Merchants' Asso
ciation and the Chinese Consul Gen
eral, all of whom foresaw the disas
trous condition of affairs which, would
follow the blow which the Hop Sing 1
Tong was preparing to deliver its
rival. The nineteen hired assassins
who have participated in the recent
murders left the city yesterday morn
ing. Acting Chief of Police Biggy
found a quantity of giant powder and a
complete arsenal in one of the head
quarters of the Hop Sings last night.
For the past Beveral days an effort
has been made to quell the disturbance
between the tongs. The Six Chinese
Companies, the Chinese Consul and or
ganizations of respectable merchants
issued proclamations of peace, but the
trouble brewing only assumed more
ominous proportions. The Hop Singa,
who on account of their weakened
ranks were being worsted, had called
upon their members out of town to re
port here for duty, that they might
avenge the deaths of their fellow
members. On Monday many of them
arrived, and the determination of the
Hop Sing Tong never relaxed.
Yesterday morning the merchants, in
The president of the Hop Sing Ton*
was not present, he having deserted
the city after an attempt to take his
life was made on the opening day of
the hostilities, but his representative
spoke for him. He stated that the
Hop Sing Tong would under no con
sideration drop the matter, and a
number of threats had to be used be
fore he would even consent to a sus
pension of hostilities The agreement
which was finally effected will not
prevent shooting in the interior coun
ties, and as the Hop Sings are more
numerous out of the city It Is ex
pected that the war will be carried
back to Marseille and fought to a
finish, even before the truce In San
Francisco expires.
The statement made that the Hop
Sings would sue for peace or that its
members were instrumental In bring
about the truce which was declared
yesterday is pronounced by prominent
Chinese and officers to be nonsensi
cal and absurd. The Declaration of
Truce is as follows:
This notice is served by the See Tup So
ciety that the Suey Sing and the Hop Sing,
two tongs, have agreed to stop trouble and
terms will have to be made to make
them forget and forgive.
The Introduction of twenty extra
policemen into Chinatown yesterday
drove nineteen of the dangerous high
binders to other climes. Under the di
rection of Acting Chief of Police Biggy^
Captain Wittman and Sergeant Duke^
with ten officers, searched fifteen high
binder Joints. The officers were armerf
with search warrants and discovered
weapons in nearly every place. The
most startling discovery, however, was
made last night J,n the headquarters of
the Hop Sings, -where high explosives
were found, in addition to many weap
ons and implements for the manufac
ture of bullets and powder. -At 4
o'clock yesterday afternoon the fifteen
places were blockaded simultaneously
by the police and the Chinese were
surprised. Acting Chief Blggy says
that he will not withdraw the ad
ditional officers from Chinatown for
several days yet, until he is assured
that the contracting parties will keep
their faith. He stated that he will
exert every effort to prevent murder,
and his work yesterday has had Its ef
fect already. ¦: #
particular, viewed the situation with
much apprehension and concluded
that some settlement must be made.
The Chinese festivals were approach-
Ing and business was stunted. Even
the theaters and gambling-housea
were deserted, as Chinese feared to
walk on the Btreets after sundown.
Accordingly yesterday morning the
leaders of the tongs were called to the
headquarters of the See Yup Society,
on the corner of Clay street and
Waverly place, and after four hours
of discussion were forced to sign an
agreement declaring for peace until a
board of arbitration can convene.
let peace reign. The disturbance arose from
quarreling on the part of Ignorant people.
Now outside parties have effected this set
tlement and If any further trouble occurs
we will assist in punishing those who dis
obey.
SEE TUP COMPANY. San Francisco.
In the 2Sth year Kwong Shu.
There is much speculation as to
•whether the difficulties will b«
straightened out before the truce ex
pires. Some of the Chinamen are of
the opinion that It will, but the warlike
attitude of the Hop Sings, who have
had four men wounded or killed, seems
to Indicate that some very encouraging