enemy back from Brakefonteln or Doom
Kloof would have cost 3000 men, and since
at least two brigades must keep the door
open behind us, too few would have re
mained to force the .way to Ladysmlth.
Moreover, General Buller remembers his
army Is the only army for the defense of
the rest of Natal. Therefore, he decided
to withdraw and try elsewhere.
"Another fierce attempt will be made
to force the Tugela. Great Britain must
realize the ugly | fa^t that the relief of
Ladysmlth would strain an army of
50,000r arid that 100,000 men would not be
too many. The country, therefore, must
be prepared for. a heavy loss, and per
haps for disappointment.
"Remembering that considerations of
honor, more than policy, demand cease
less efforts to relieve Ladysmlth,. the
whole army, despite disappointments and
retreat, regards General Buller with sym
pathy and trust 'such as are; seldom seen
even in fortunate ' circumstances.
"The security of Southern Natal is our
important consideration. • The necessity of
obtaining control of Delagoa Bay is very
apparent. The ingress of foreigners and
war material is ceaseless. Surely a set
tlement with Portugal would be only a
question of money."
Wilkinson Hopeful.
• LONDON, Feb. 12.— Spencer Wllklnsot. j
In • the* Morning Poet to-day, dwells upon
the evidence of - the unexpected activity
the commander in chief Is surveying the
situation, with the possible Intention of
making his advance Into Orange Free
State from that point
The Boers' pressure on Kimberley Is re
ported by Colonel Kekewlch, the British
commander, to be increasing. , It is said
that the guns which were formerly at
Mafeking have been moved down to Kim
berley; that a six-Inch gun has opened
fire upon the town. ; The Boer forces show
an Increase and they, are moving their
intrenchments forward.
From the Cape press is learned a fact
which has been carefully cut. out of tele
grams by the censor. The besieged town
took to horseflesh in January. Plainly it
is nearlng the end of its food, and, conse
quently, Us resistance. This may explain
the concentration of so large a British
force at Modder" River.
, A .significant sentence in a'DallyNews
dispatch from Case Town strengthens the
LONDON. Feb. 12.— The Pietermaritzburg correspondent of the Dally
Mail, telegraphed yesterday as follows: ,
"The Boers have occupied Bloys Karm, south of the Tugela, which Is un
der an hour's ride from Chieveley, and have turned the homestead Into' a
hospital. Onr.the farm are hills commanding both bridges over the. Tugela,
as well aß 'l&arts Wylie and Molyneux, and fr*om which a view . of ;\Bulu
wana and iiadysmlth is obtainable. There is much apprehension here regard-
Ing the Boer movement, and the authorities are on the alert."
belief that -Roberts -is about, to; advance.
The message states that every available
truck of the Western Railway system has
been secured by the military j authorities.
¦ o ¦ : -"¦ ¦ ¦¦.;¦•*
BULLER WILL MAKE
ONE MORE ATTEMPT
LONDON, Feb. 12.— Winston Churchill
sends from ; Frere ' Camp to i the ; Morning
Post a long review of the situation. He
says:' ,%»,** ¦¦. • -'-- '¦¦'.: ¦ .';•;¦ !• ;
"General Buller. always thought; It im
possible.--'.to hold the ; triangle 'of Natal
north of the Tugela,. but the Initial mis
take was made owing -to, the miscalcula
tions of 'the. Boer; strength .; and 'the' fact
that millions' worth of stores ,hase been
collcted at Ladysmtth. From the the first
he regarded the. relief of .Ladysmlth as a
forlorn hope. . He- did not feel; justified in
ordering a subordinate to perform such
a doubtful task. .;
"The absence of good maps .has cost
much blood. An attempt to thrust the
WHITE MAN
STRUNG UP
BY TEXANS
>
Lynched for a Murder After
the Law Had Failed
to Punish.
*
SABBATH TRAGEDY
AT PORT ARTHUR
Jury's Verdict of "Not Guilty" Set
Aside by a Mob of Aveng
ing Citizens.
PORT ARTHUR. Texas. Feb. tL—
James Sweeney (white) was lynched
at 1 o'clock this morning. Sweeney
was a cotton screwman foreman, and
killed Charles Crumbach, a fellow
laborer, by running a bayonet through
his neck. The crime was committed on
the afternoon of February 1 in a room,
with no witnesses present, and Is said to
have resulted from a saloon fight that
took place a few hours previous. On Mon
day Sweeney was Indicted for murder In
the first degree. lie was placed on trial
at Beaumont. Texas, on Friday, and last
night the Jury returned a verdict of not
guilty.
As- soon as he was released Sweeney re
turned to Port Arthur, arriving here at
12:30 this morning. Word had been tele
graphed ahead that he was coming, ami
a mob met him at the depot, marched him
up town and strung him up to a telephone
pole without ceremony. In the first at
tempt the rope broke. The second attempt
was made successful by tyin? Sweeney's
legs, so his feet could not touch the
ground, and drawing the rope taut.
Its work accomplished, the mob. which
was made up of Port Arthur citizens, dis
persed quietly.
Sheriff Langham of Beaumont was no
tified and Immediately started for Port
Arthur. He returned to Beaumont to
night with "Jack" Martin, a boss steve
dore and a fellow-workman of Crum
bach's. In custody. Martin Is believed to
have been a ringleader In the lynching.
Port Arthur is the southern terminus of
the Kansas City. Pittsburg and Gulf Rail
road. The town was built up with the
advent of that railroad a few years ago,
and most of its citizens are northern peo
ple. The citizens deplore the lynching,
but none of them appear to condemn It.
WHEELER SPEAKS OF THE
ASSIMILATION OF CHINA
President of the University of Cali
fornia Gives His Views Upon
the Subject.
CHICAGO. Feb. 11.— "The greatest ques
tion of our time is whether the assimila
tion of the commercial force of China oy
the world will be a quick or a slow
process." declared Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
president of the University of California,
¦who passed through Chicago to-day on his
¦way East. "If the process be speedy." he
continued, "there in likely to be a disas
trous disturbance, but if it be natural and
unforced a peaceful adjustment will be
lr.sured. Therefore the question, not so
much of the Chinese as of China, is of
paramount importance to Americans.
"The pressure of ages has made of the
Chinese past masters In commerce. The'r
lack has been iron, and as the commercial
development of this country has bef-n
characteristically that of metals they
have eeerningiy been distanced. But let
them once acquire instruction from the
¦western world in the metal arts,, and they
¦will be able with their genius to revolu
tionize the commerce of the globe."
JOUBERT IS MOVING
TO ATTACK BULLER
DURBAN, Feb. 11.— It is rumored here that General Joubert Is marching
with a column of 6000 men to outflank General Buller.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— The World has the following from London: The
war expert of the Morning Leader writes In the issue of to-day:
"General Buller felt that It would be useless to persevere in the attempt to
relieve Ladyemlth, which would have cost more loss than the number of
men remaining In Ladysmlth. We he»r now of two attempts to turn Gen
eral Buller himself, one by a small Boer column marching through Zululand
and another with 6000 men in Natal, under the redoubtable Joubert himself.
"It Is quite possible General Buller was held on the upper Tugela as much
by the ruggedness of the ground as by the enemy's artillery fire. He may be
bo weak on the lower Tugela as tt> leave his right flank and his communica
jtions with tho sea open to attack. But he must make the best of his force.
Ml reinforcement* within reach for a fortnight to come are earmarked for an
tttempt to force a passage of Orange River."
The expert asserts that Roberts* plan was Buller's originally and notes
flth alarm the appearance of enteric fever in General Gatacre - s and other
4ainps. He says Lord Kitchener has not got to the front yet, and that Lord
ioberta is not likely to order a general advance until his chief of staff ar-
The Boers at Colesburg are unusually
active. Far from being hemmed in, they
are themselves threatening the British
line of communications. As dispatches
from that section to Cape Town are signed
"Clements" it is probable that Gen»J"al
French has gone to take command of a
cavalry division. Roberts* arrival at Mod
der River is regarded as an indication that
BOERS OUTFLANK THE
BRITISH AT RENSBERG
RENSBURG, Saturday. Feb. 10.— The Boers outflanked the British yes
terday. A considerable force of the enemy was threatening the British com
munications betweeen Rensberg and Sling-ersfontein. twelve miles away, and
during a reconnoissance by some Innisklllings and twenty Australians from
Sllngersfontein the Boers were discovered attempting to get a gun into posi
tion to shell the British camp.
The Australians, having come Into very close contact with the enemy, took
cover under a hill about 9000 yards from the camp. Thereupon the Boers took
up a position with a view of preventing their retreat. Some burghers got
within 200 yards of the Australians and called upon them to surender. They
replied by fixing bayonets and shouting defiance.
Sergeant Edwards and two men made a dash, and galloping under a hot
fire passed a number of hills held by Boers, took word that the Australians
were safe and confident of holding the enemy at bay and of getting out after
dark, which they eventually did.
The Innisklllings prevented the enemy getting their guns Into position. The
Australians lost one man killed and three wounded.
The convoys have been successful In getting to Sllngersfontein to-day,
the British escorts having had several brushes with parties of from twenty
to thirty Boers infesting the region. Lieutenant Colonel Page, with a section
of artillery and 150 horse, got one large convoy through by shelling the en
emy out of the road. The Boers also outflanked us on the west, placed a
gun In position at Bastards Neck and fired on one of our outposts, driving
off 1000 sheep. '-
To-day the Boers shelled the British camp, but with little affect.
Looks With Disfavor Upon the Ital
ian Reciprocity Treaty.
BERLIN. Feb. 11.— The Italian treaty
with the United States is attracting much
attention and is interpreted unfavorah'y
from the point of view of German inter
ests. The central bureau for the prepara
tion of commercial treaties in Berlin says
that the articles upon which the United
States Government Is making reductions,
like toys, aniline dyes, iron wares nnl
cement, are especially German export «r.
tides, and that the United States Is ap
parently endeavoring to bring indirv-'t
pressure upon Germany In the pending
negotiations.
Stricken With Paralysis.
Special Dispatch to Tne Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 11.— J. B. Nor
ton, a wealthy resident of this community.
is dangerously ill at hid home In this city
from the effects of what waa at first .be
lieved to be a stroke of paralysis. While
attending to business on Friday afternoon
he was suddenly attacked, and his vocal
organs and portions of his body became
paralyzed. His physician now states,
however, that the paralysis was only par
tial and temporary, being due to the con
gestion of the braih.
Editor Found Dead.
FON DU LAC, Wls.. Feb. 11.— The body
of Elijah Cone, one of the oldest news
paper men in the State, was found frozen
in the river in this city to-day. Mr. Conn
had been missing for forty-eight hours.
Up to the time of his disappearance ha
was editor of the Fon dv Lac Daily News.
Prince Henry at Vienna.
VIENNA. Feb. IL— Prince Henry or
Prussia arrived here to-day. Emperor
Francis Joseph met him at the railway
station and accompanied him to the
Hofburg. The populace gave the Princo
an ovation.
GALAPAGOS ISLANDS NOT
WANTED BY AMERICA
United States Has Merely Ap
proached Ecuador to Obtain a
Coaling Station.
Special Cable to The Call ar.l th* New York
Herald. Copyright. 13O), by the New York
Herald Company.
PANAMA. Feb. 11.— The Herald's corre
spondent in Guayaquil says that inquiries
of the Ecudorian Government regarding
the reported negotiations between that
Government and the United States for the
sale of the Galapagos Islands have met
with a response that r.o such negotiation*
exist. The United States Minister. Archi
bald J. Sampson, has made no proposition
for the purchase of the group, but *i 33
merely asked whether Ecuador would per
mit the United States to have a eoaii.ij?
station on one of the islands. The Minu
ter of Foreign Affairs answered that he
would present the request to Congress for
tinal action.
GERMANY APPREHENSIVE
MODDER BIVER, Feb. 10.— Lord Boberts is here. Upon appearing before the troops on Friday
he was enthusiastically cheered. He visited the camp of the Highlanders this morning and compli
mented General Mac Donald and his men on their steady conduct at Koodoosberg Drift-
Apparently the Boers have brought ell their big guns from Mafeking to shell Kimberley. Our
naval guns shelled Magersfontein to-day, but the Boer guns were silent. It is supposed that the enemy
have withdrawn their artillery. They are blowing up the permanent way beyond Moron Siding. The
Bosrs still man their trenches, but their numbers are apparently reduced. The bulk of their force has
gone to Kimberley or toward our flank.
The Highlanders returned last night. Before retiring they found the bodies of twelve Boers.
They believe the losses of the enemy were heavier than those of the British, because it is known that in
addition to the dead Boers found several had been buried
( LONDON, Feb. 11, midnight. — The War Office has just issued the following dispatch, dated to
day, from the general commanding at Cape Town:
"Clements reports from Rensburg that on Friday, February 9, the Boers tried to turn his right
flank, but were beaten off. Position maintained. Casualties small.
"Kimberley reports that the Boer fighting force was apparently increased on Wednesday, Febru
ary 7. Kext day the Boers commenced the construction of trenches to the east, nearly parallel to the
Glacis and four hundred yards from the Premier mine
"A native reported that he accompanied some Boers who left Mafeking for Kimberley, carrying
with them a 6-inch gun and a quick-firing field gun. " The former opened fire on Kimberley. Otherwise
the situation Is unchanged."
VICTORIOUS BOER ARMY HAS
NOW ASSUMED THE AGGRESSIVE
Begins a Flank Movement Against Buller s Line of Gom
munieations, and the British Force on the
Tugela Is Imperiled.
GUERRILLA
WARFARE
IN LUZON
Insurgent Bands Incessantly
Harass the American
Garrisons.
»
BURNING ARROWS
SHOT INTO TOWNS
»
Natives Camp in the Hills and
Maintain a Constant Fire
Upon the Outposts.
BpedaJ IMspaich to The Call.
MANILA, Feb. 12. — A
number of ex-insurgent of
ficers who arrived yesterday
state that General Pio del
PUar, the insurgent leader,
died of fever a fortnight ago
in the Morong Mountains. The
leaders after his death held
a meeting, at which it was
recognized it would be futile
to offer further resistance to
the Americans. Therefore
they disbanded their forces,
which are now wandering in
small gangs in the hills.
MANILA, Feb. 11— Of late the in
surgents in Albay province. Lu
zon, have adopted harassing tac- j
tics against the towns which the j
Americans have garrisoned. They |
camp in the hills and maintain a constant !
f.re upon the American outposts. When j
the troops sally against them they scatter,
returning when the Americans retire. J
They shoot burnirg arrows and have thus I
turned a large part of the town of Albay. |
Indeed, most of the towns In that j
province are practically deserted, except j
by the garrisons. Scarcely any of the In- !
habitants return to their homes. They !
are camping in the interior and it Is sup- !
posed armed Insurgents prevent them go
ing- back. It is reported that there is
much suffering among them, owing to
lack of food. As a result of these condi
tions the hemp business in that section Is
seriously hindered and ships going for j
cargoes are compelled to take gangs of ¦
coolies to do their loading. Hemp held
la the interior is quite inaccessible.
Colonel Bell will take two regiments .
and a battery through the provinces of
Tiorth Camnrinc- *nU -S»-cU> Oaro-«rines
going thither on. transports* Many insur
gent* retreated to that part of the island
from Cavite and Batangas province. An
other expedition will soon start to garri
son towns along the north coast of the
Island of Mindanao.
Guerrilla warfare continues south Of
Manila. Two attempts have been made to
ambush the Americans. Colonel Schwan,
•while returning to Manila with his staff
and an escort of 100 cavalry from Batan
gas was attacked by the insurgents. The
latter were dispersed, but the Americans J
Lad live wounded.
Lieutenant Colonel Beacom. with six j
companies of the Forty-second Infantry,
had a two hours' tight with General Plo j
del Pilar's command, which attempted to j
ijnbueh the Americans along the trail j
through Morong province, near the lake j
Here, also, the insurgents were dispersed, j
but the Americans had several wounded. |
umong them a captain.
General Bell is operating southward
through Zambalt-s province with a small
lorce. Another expedition is proceeding j
northward from Subig. It is reported i
that the insurgent general. Alejandro, has. !
recovered from his wound and has assem- I
bled a large force in that district.
The plague continues. Eight cases were ¦
reported last wc-tk among the natives and
, Chinese. There is no excitement, how
ever, and business and sociaJ life are un
disturbed. Smallpox is prevalent among |
the natives along the railroad and in the
towns on the northern coast. Two officers
of the Thirty-sixth Infantry have died of
the disease and another officer and sev- j
eral soldiers have beta stricken-
BOER FORCE CROSSES
THE TUGELA RIVER
Occupies a Position Less Than an Hour's
Ride From General Buller's ;
Headquarters: A
Continued on Second Page.
i Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright. 1900, by the New York
Herald Company.
LONDON, Feb. 12.— The fact that the
War Office up to the present moment'
has not Issued any message received
from Buller In regard to his retire
ment across the Tugela has aroused
a feeling of apprehension In some
I quarters that the Katal commander is too
i busily engaged In meeting a Boer flank
i movement to send any dispatches.
There are indications that the Boers
have assumed, temporarily at least, the
offensive and are moving upon the British
right flank and the line of communica-
has it. This place is probably a little to
the southwest of Inhlawe, since It com
mands both the road and the xti'lway
bridges at Colenso.
At the same time word comes' from
Natal of a further advance of the Zulu
land force of Boers, apparently develop
ing the flank movement in the direction
of Grey town. This would threaten the
fßritish line of communications far to the
southward. It Is quite likely that General
Buller will have to leave White to hold
out as best he can while he protects his
own position.
tlons, plainly the best means of compelling
the abandonment of the effort to relieve
Lady-smith by the Springfleld-Schiel drift
route. At Inhlawe Mountain the Boers
have long held a threatening position
upon the British right. They seem now
to have pushed forward from it to a point
described as Bloys Farm, "not an hour's
ride from Chleveley," as one dispatch
CONSCRIPTION IN
AUSTRALIA URGED
LONDON, Feb. 12.— The Daily Mall
publishes the followng dispatch from
and probable numbers of the Boers near
Colesberg, where they are not inclosed,
but only half surrounded on the south.
He points out that the Boer positions
cover a front of twenty miles and Infers
that there must be several thousand of
the enemy on the ground*. He expresses
the hope that the 'rumor from Durban
that a Boer force is advancing in the hope
of outflanking General Buller is correct,
for he considers that General Joubert
would thus, expose himself to Just the
sort of blow it is so difficult to deliver
against the fortified positions north oX the
Tugela.
BRITISH SCOUTS TAKEN
PRISONER BY BOERS
' RENSBURG. Feb. 11.— A picket of five
Victorian Rifles, after holding a post for
some hours yesterday, waa forced to re
tire, the Boers getting on a hill and firing
down upon them. Three were slightly
wounded, one is missing and one escaped
unhurt.
Out of a patrol from Tjuofontein, under
Captain Hamilton, composed of eight
Tasmanlans and eight of General
French's scouts, only two Tasmanlans
and three scouts returned. The others
were captured by the Boers.
In Wednesday's brush two correspond
ents, Mr. Hales of the London Daily News
and Mr. Lamble of the Melbourne Ace,
tell behind, j Mr. Ha.Ut, who was slightly
wounded, was captured by the Boers and
Mr.- Lamble was killed. The British took
two prisoners.
YOUNG OFFICERS INCITED
THF SOUDANESE MUTINY
CAIRO. Feb. 11.— Th« official Investiga
tions show that only a few Egyptian offi
cers, all of them young men, were In
volved In the trouble with the two Soudan
ese battalions, whom they had advised to
obey the orders to give up cartridges. It
seems that the Implicated officers had be
come excited over Anglophobe articles
published by the Llwa, which praised the
Transvaal and advised the Egyptians to
take advantage of British distractions In
South Africa. None of the senior officers
are in any way implicated. A court of
inquiry will sit immediately to investigate
the affair.
VOLUME LXXXYTL-NO. 74.
SAN FRANCISCO, MCXNDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1900.
PEICE Jb'lVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallBAY AND RIVEB STEAMER!
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJC
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tuea.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m. ; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Frt-
' days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. n.. i
p. m. Landlnir and office-. Mission-street 'Jock.
Pier No. a. Telephone Main 150 s.
FARE . 50a
Do you know the
most luxurious bath
in the world ?
Have you used
Pears'. Soap? ; >
indicate that General Buller has with
drawn all his forces to that place.
The London newspapers, having become
accustomed to checks, maintain a hopeful
tone, but the situation Is much more
threatening than It seemed tp be a week
ago. Proofs of the terrible strength and
mobility of the Boer artillery, together
with the rumor that General Joubert is
taking the initiative with the object of
cutting General Buller's communications,
are in no way reassuring.
Even the most sanguine persons begin
to see that Jt is quite hopeless to expect
the relief of Ladysmith, while It Is clear
that If it be impossible for Buller to reach
Ladysmith it is equally impossible for the
garrison, exhausted by sickness and prlva^
tlons, to cut a way out.
Reports of the Boer advance through
Zululand are disquieting. If they should
be able to strike at Greytown General
Buller would be compelled to turn, his at
tention to the eastern side of Natal.
The fact that Lord -Roberts arrived at
Modder River on Friday seems to ¦ show
that he has been on a round of Inspection
of the chief commands and that; the njaln
advance is not bo near as has been sup
posed.
Startling Intelligence comes from Klm
berley In the Cape newspapers just re
ceived by mall in London. It appears that
since January 8 the rations at Klmberley
have been for the most part horseflesh,
so repugnant to women and children that
many refuse to eat.. It also appears that
the death rate has been heavy and- that"
the privations of the garrison have been
Increasing steadily. This news la start
ling, because the censor has not allowed
It to be cabled. Possibly such conditions
explain the presence of Lord- Roberts at
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STUDENTS APPEAL
TO THE BISHOPS
Charges Made Against
Theologists.
BOSTON, Feb. 11.— The movement by
disaffected students ngain3t the doctrines
of Methodism as taught by the Boston
University School of Theology, which was
I formerly directed against Professor
I HlncUley W. Mitchell, has now taken the
J form of an organized attempt by the dis
{ sentlng students to weaken the standing
of the school and an attack has been made
upon W. R. Warren. Professor Henry
Sheldon and Dr. Borden P. Browne.
Professor Mitchell, after repeated re
quests for an answer to the charges
against him. has at last made a reply
covering the charges In a full and very
satisfactory manner to the authorities of
the institution. He explains his teachings
and gives his reasons and authorities for
his Ideas.
The attack by the dissenting students
has taken the form of a documentary ap
peal to the bishops and to the Methodist
church In general. This contains over a
hundred pages and starts with the ques
tion: "Shall Methodism remain Wesleyan
In type and evangelical?"
The direct appeal to the bishops main
tains the following propositions: That
such views as are held by the professors
should seek the Indorsement and encour
agement of the church whose doc
trines it covertly sc^ks to revolutionize, is
astounding. That the skepticism con
cerning a supernatural revelation should
seek the friendship of. a church .un
der the nurture of Its own vows and
altars Is beyond credence. But that
such . skepticism should fortify Itself in
two of the Methodist schools and seek to
become the chief tutor of theology and
thought and furnish the Methodist min
istry with Its doubts and negatives for a
life work on «vangellsm Is beyond reason
able comprehension.
The appeal claims that "tha twentieth
century movement" must languish and
the power of the church must fall If the
ministry of Methodism learns to deny the
authority of the word of God. to reject
the vlcariousness of the atonement and
accommodate the claims of Jesus Christ
to a' Unitarian conception.
They claim further that the teachings
of Professor Mitchell embody all of the
divergencies from scriptural truth and
that in them he is supported by his col
leagues, Professor Sheldon and Dr.
Browne. This means, they claim, the
carrying out of an alleged boast of Pro
fessor Mitchell to revolutionize the teach
ings of the Methodist church.
In his reply Professor Mitchell says: I
am accused of teaching that a belief in
the Deity of Christ Is not necessary for
salvation. This is correct, and in so
teaching T have the support of the found
er of Methodism, John Wesley, and I am
proud to be his follower. I am said to
have belittled the significance of the death
of Christ. I prefer to speak of salvation
through Christ rather than lay the whole
stress on his death, and In this I follow
Wesley
"I shall have to plead guilty to the
charge of believing that some of the
stories In the first chapters of Genesis are
more or less legendary. The statement
with reference to my view of the Sabbath
Is another misrepresentation. I don t be
lieve that the world was actually created
In the length of time given."
The document will be considered by the
board of Bishops at their next meeting in
Chicago, the latter part of April, and- in
the meantime the matter will have to
rest. . •
ROOSEVELT
OPPOSES THE
CANAL TREATY
NEW YORK. Feb. 11.— Oovernor
Roosevelt Issued this statement
to-night: "I mof«t earnestly hope
that the pending treaty concerning
the Isthmian car.al will not be rat
ified, unless amended po as to pro
vide that the canal when built shall
be wholly under the control of the
United States, alike in peace and
war. This seems to me vital, no
less from the standpoint of our sea
power than from the standpoint of
the Monroe doctrine."
pioneer of Mission San Jose, took strych
nine at noon to-day shortly after coming
from the Catholic Church, and died about
6 o'clock In great agony. He was a re
tired saloon keeper, 71 years of age, a na
tive of Ireland and a widower with one
daughter. He was In easy circumstances
and good health.
KENTUCKY TROOPS
LEAVE FOR DOME
Small Guard Remains in
Frankfort.
SITUATION IS UNCHANGED
>
GOVERNOR TAYLOR TAKES A
MUCH-NEEDED REST.
?
It Is Generally Believed Tnat the
Democrats Will Adjourn in
Louisville and Recon
vene in Frankfort.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Feb. 11.— Ail day
Jong troops have poured out ol Frankfort
en special trains and to-night only- the
soldiers from Coiington, Newport, Lex
ington and Morgantown axe camped In
the Capitol square. The leaving of the
troops was the only feature that trans
pired in the political situation in Frank
fort to-day.
Governor Taylor remained In the execu
tive mansion and did not visit his office,
giving himself a day of rest, of which he
ttood greatly In need. Adjutant General
Collier said this afternoon that only a few
companies of Infantry would be kept on
duty here for a short time to do police
¦work around the Capitol square and guard
The public buildings. They would, he said,
interfere in no way with the actions of
The members of the Legislature. Access
to the legislative halls would be as free,
end unrestricted as it vas» before Gover
nor Taylor issued the proclamation de
claring Frankfort in a state of insurrec
tion.
The members of the Republican Legis
lature were expected to arrive from Lon
don late this afternoon, but word was
brought that th«-y had spent the day in an
t'xeursion to Cumberland Gap and woul.l
jiot for the most part arrive until to-mor
row morning. About six of the Republi
cans came In on the night train from Lon
don. %x*j
Xo Intimation has been received here as
to whether or not the Democratic mem
ben of the Legislature would adjourn
their session at Louisville and come to
Frankfort to take part in the general ses-
Flon. It is believed here, however, that
They will do po.
REPUBLICANS MAY APPEAL
Aid of United States Courts Will
Probably Be Invoked.
LOUISVILLE. Feb. 11.— It is reported
to-night that the Republicans will this
week *eek to bring the contest for the of
lice* of Governor and Lieutenant Governor
before the Federal court.
former <rovernor Bradley, ohjef coun»«l
for the Republican* in their application
before Judge Taft to restrain the Strue
Election Commissioner? from proceeding
xvlth the teFts for the minor offices, v.as
in 'own this afternoon in consuJtat'i.n
with leading Republican lawyers. Th*
oa*r- involving th* minor office* cornea up
to-morrow at Cincinnati, and ft is believed
the other case will also be taken bofoie
Judpe Taft. though it is not likely any
thing will be done until after Tuerday.
On that day the application of the IXni"
erats for an injunction to restrain Gov
ernor Taylor from interfering with ti<e
Legislature will oome up in the Circuit
Court at Frankfort. It is expected that
a temporary injunction will be gTan f «l.
The case will th*n b»> taken to the Court
cf Appeals, the Slate court of last resort,
fpon whether or not an appeal to the
J-Vdcral court will lie, depends the Repub
lican hope of relief from that quarter.
Oovernor Beckham. Senator Blackburn
Knd their associates In the Democratic
State government passed a quiet day. The
Legislature will remain here until it has
received a report from its commitle- 1 ,
which it is expected will be appointed to
morrow, to investigate conditions at
Frankfort. From talk ann'ip the mem
bers it is not believed they will return to
the capital while soldiers are about the
State building. viV'Viivj-T ¦:.
LEGISLATORS LEAVE LONDON
No Further Trouble Is Expected at
Frankfort.
IAVDON, Ky.. Feb. 11.— The exodus of
th* lesriflators to Krankfort bfgan this
morning, when rrobably half of them de
parted. Those remaining spent the day
<->n Hii excursion to Cumberland Gap, re
lurninK to London in the evening, and
they kft for Frankfort at midnight. The
«>pirion was generally expressed by the
members that no trouble will occur when
the Legislature is convened at Frankfort
to-morrow or thereafter.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
***HBt CO.^ 4 "
222-224 SUTTER STREET
SPECIAL
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
Corn 3 cans 25c
- "Mornlnf; Beauty" brand. Extra
quality sugar corn.
Baked Beans tin 12 l-2c
Hetns's In tomato sauc«. Rec. 200.
"4711" Toilet Soap
3 cakes, box, 50c
Famous G«nnan manufacture R«g-
nlar COc.
Roman Toilet Soap, 3 cakes, box, 50c
From Ed Plnaud's. Paris. Re*. Ko.
Folding Lunch Boxes, "New," 25c
Made of heavy pasteboard, bound
with linen. Folds up like a wallet
and can bo carried in th* pockat.
Glace Fruits Small carton 40c
Large BOc
Bishop's Callforslaa. Ratrular COc
and }1.
Bar-le-Ouc Currants jar 25c
Regular 33c.
Shelf paper quire 15c
Fancy scal!op«d; 12x88; all colors.
Rerularly 20c.
Usterine reg. I'ge bt 65c, small 20c
Tooth and Face Powder box 20c
"Victoria" brand. Regularly Me.
Toilet Paper 5 for 25
Good quality rolls. Rey. 4 for ISo.
Toilet Paper Holders "New,"ealsc
Regularly 2Sc. Nickel plated.
Claret, private stock gal 65c
On* of our finest taM* wla«a. B*g-
ularly *l.
Port and Sherry 25c bot, 5 bots $1
"Crownf* brand. Everybody knows
It Is worth double.
"Scvlo" Gas Heater, last sale, 60c
Heats room tn It minntes- can b*
attached to any gas fixture. Res. TZo.
0. K. Bourbon Whisky 3 bots $2
Gal $3
T-year-old blend. "Reg. tt and $t.
ni-Q. Lan;» assortment; 26 per
ripcdi cent reduction for this w««lc.
Monthly price catalogue mailed fr#*.
Country orders shipped free 100 miles.
HENSHAW. BUCKLEY A CO.. Pumps. Steam and
Carina Engines, Boiler*. 2S and 23 Fremont.
CURRENCY BILL TO BE
DISCUSSED AT ONCE
Plan of the Work Laid Out for Action
Before the House and Senate
This Week.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 11.— The first four
days of the week will he given up to the
rurroncy biil in the Senate, and after that
measure Is disposed of there will be a
contest for precedence In the interest of
Feveral measures. These Include the bills
for providing forms of government for
Hawaii anil for Porto Rico, the Nicaragua
canal bill and the resolution for the seat
ing of Senator Quay upon th«* appoint
ment of the Governor of Pennsylvania.
Which of the^e will take precedence ny
mains to be determine. Just now there
is pome *harp sparring for first place. The
currency bill will be brought to a vote on
Thursday, and all the time not given to
pueh routine business as the Introduction
of bills and the presentation of reports
and petitions will be devoted to this
measure until it Is acted upon by the Sen
are.
The friends of Senator Quay say they
fully expert to be able to get considera
tion of the resolution In his behalf Imme
diately after the financial bill is disposed
of. but there is unquestionably a disposi
tion on the part of porpe of the Republi
can Senators to crowd the matter over
and take up either the Porto Rican or the
Hawaian bill, the chances between these
being favorable to the Porto Rican meas
ure. The Indications are that the Nica
ragua bill will be postponed until after
the Hay-Pauncffote treaty is acted upon
by the Committee on Foreign Relations
though Senator Morgan says he will ask
for the consideration of the bill at the
earliest opportunity.
The time of the House will be com
" rdetely occupied this week. To-morrow
tinder the rules, wil be devoted to Dis
trict of Columbia business. On Tuesday
the legislative, execMtive and Judicial ap
propriation bill, which will be reported to
the House to-morrow, will be taken up.
It is expected to consume Tuesday and
Wednesday, and on Thursday the House
will enter upon a week's discussion of
the Porto Rican tariff bill. This measure,
as the entering wedge In the matter oi
legislation for our insular possessions
naturally attracts much attention and
there has already devoleoped great 'pres
sure for time, especially upon the Demo
cratic .-ide, so that it is probable that
night sessions may be held toward the
close of the debate next week.
Death of E. B. Angells.
SpeHaJ tMFpatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD. Feb. IL— E. R. An
pells. the veteran middle-of-the-road Pop
viiFt, died lan night at his home in this
To Cure a Cold in One Day ,
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets.' All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure.
E. /W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c.
past eight months. It is believed" that the
result will be an agreement for the rate
of $3 25 for eight hours' work, the union
waiving the additional 25 cents formerly
demanded, and also - waiving the demand
for thirty days' notice before any change
shall be made in wages or hours of work.
Will Select Chicago.
CHICAGO, Feb. ;U.--Controller Charles
Dawes, who was ,ln> the city to-day, on
his' way to- Peorla^said there was little
doubt that the Nationar Republican head-
Quarters would be established at Chicago.
"The sentiment, of the National Com
mittee seems to favor the -selection of
Chicago." said he. >. --"It . Is • probablre the
came course followed four yea»s ajro will
city at the advanced age of 76 yearn. He
had been in feeble health for some time.
Deceased had been a reformer since the
birth of the old Greenback party. Few
contributors " to the reform press wrote
with greater force and clearness, and it
was. only when physical weakness , laid
hold of -him that he put aside his pen.
He left a widow and ten eons and daugh
ters. ¦ • . -•¦•
Miners Will Compromise.
SANDON, B. C, Feb." 11.— Joint commit
tees representing the mlneowners and the
Miners Union have been In session dur
ing the past two days in a third attempt
to adjust the differences over the eight
nour and the wage schedule which naa
caused the strlkeln the Slocan during the
W p Mhat of makl "S Chicago the
principal or working headquarters of the
committee and maintaining another head-
2 uart . er ,s in the East, at New Tork un
doubtedly The experience of four years
f^^S 8 of BUcn a satisfactory character
that the committee feels disposed to try
It again.
Inventor Boynton Dead
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— Nathaniel A.
Boynton, the inventor... of heating appa
ratus, died last night, aged V years.
has authorized the formation of a squad
ron of one hundred picked Irishmen for
special duties.
Sir John Henry de VUllera, Chief Justice
of Cape Colony, will sail for England next
Wednesday.
Every available truck on the Western
system of railways has been secured by
the military authorities.
ASKS ITALY'S SUPPORT
FOR INTERVENTION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
tu NEW YORK. Feb. 11.-The World has
this from Rome: The World corre
spondent Is most reliably Informed that a
special representative arrived here to-day
incognito. His is a secret mission— to se
cure Italy's support of Russo-German in
tervention in the British-Boer war.
i ?, Mar< * vis Visconti-Venosta, the Ital-
Pnr«nio lBt ? r . of Forel *n Affairs, favors
European Intervention in the war, but
fears to wound British . susceptlbilitiea.
British Ttoops Resting.
FRERE CAMP, Feb. 11.-AII is quiet
here to-day. The British troops are rest
ing and the Boers are inactive.
IRISH AMBULANCE
CORPS FOR THE BOERS
CHICAGO, Feb. 11.— The ambulance
corps, thirty-nine In number, recruited
and equipped by the United Irish societies
of Chicago, left for New York to-day on
Its Journey to Join the Boer army on the
battlefields in South Africa. On arriving
at Pretoria the m*n will join the Boer
army and work under the flag of tha
American Red Cross Society.
Gloom in Pietermaritzburg.
PIETERMARITZBURG. Sunday, Feb.
11.— The news of Bulier's return to the
south bank of the river and also of the
Boer advance into Zululand has had a de
pressing effect here. People are wonder
ing whether the objective of the Boer
move in Zululand is Greytown, with the
Idea of commandeering disaffected Dutch
and drawing our forces from the Tugela.
PICKED IRISHMEN
FOR SPECIAL DUTIES
CAPE TOWN, Feb. IL— Lord Roberts
Sydney, N. S. W.: "The news of General
Buller's reverses has caused a great sen
sation here. Cardinal Moran, in a re
markable speech, has advocated, con
scription In Australia, in view of the pos
sible complications. He thinks it may
soon become necessary to defend Austra
lia, and, therefore, regrets the departure
of the local troops."
BURGHERS ACTIVE
AROUND COLES KOP
[Special Cable to the Xew Tork Herald. Copy
right. 1»00. by New York Herald Com
pany, nepubllcation of this dispatch is
prohibited. All rights rf-^rved In the
United States and Great Britain.]
LONDON. Feb. 12.— The Dally Mall pub
lishes this dispatch from its special cor
respondent:
NAAUWPOORT, Saturday, Feb. 10—
The Boen have developed' great activity
around Coles Kop. They drove in the
pickets at Slagters Nek and Hobkirks
Farm without loss to themselves. An at
tack on the camps is not expected. The
Boers have been observed to be massing
at Colesberg. Mj
Continued from First Page.
VICTORIOUS BOERS HAVE
ASSUMED THE OFFENSIVE
ALASKANS OPPOSED
TO THE GROUT BILL
Demand the Bight to Elect Their
• Own Delegate to Con
gress.*
SEATTLE, Feb. 11.— Advices from Skag
uay under date of February 5 state that
the following petition was adopted at a
mass meeting of citizens of Skaguay Feb
ruary 3 and is being widely circulated for
signatures: . .
We the undersigned citizens of Alaska and
of the United States, learn with regret that
Congressman Knox has agreed to postpone the
presentation of his bill to rive the District or
Alaska a delegate In Concress. to be elected
by the people of Alaska, and we therefore most
emphatically protest against the passage of the
Grout bill or any similar measure designed to
rob the taxpayers of this district of their right
to *lect their own delegate to Conrress. and
hereby solemnly declare that we would prefer
to leav* our affairs In the hands of. Congress
Itself rather than to have a . delegate chosen
by an appointee of the Government from among
the appointees of the Government/vg^^g
The meeting was called to take action
on the reported, position taken by Gov
ernor Brady before the Congressional
committee investigating the legislative
aid Alaska needs, and the Grout bill. In
addition to the adoption of resolutions
stating this sentiment there was - much
discussion of the action of the Governor,
many holding that he was not properly
attending to the needs of the people, he
represented. The resolutions also favor
moving the capital from Sltka. One of
the resolutions reads: . .'" . . . .
That Bald John G. Price is the only person
who has been clothed with even a shadow of
authority by the people of Alaska to speak for
or represent them In Washington.
GATE CITY STILL PAST.
Sea Grow.-. Rougher and lessens Pros
pects of Salving the Ship.
NEW.YORK, Feb. 11.— The sea is grow
ing rougher and the Gate City is stil! fast
off East Moriches, L. ' I. The outlook Is
considered bad now. .Sixteen men of the
crew; were- brought ashore to-day, so as
to make the work of taking off the re
mainder l in case of immediate danger as
easy as possible. The men landed in. the
breeches buoy. Captain Gogglns and
twenty • men remained on" board assisting
the wreckers in the endeavor to float life
vessel.
Suicide of a Pioneer.
NILES, Feb. 11.— William Gibbons, a '
month of the war. Charles Williams, the
military expert, says:
"After all this interval our big, fine
army, instead of being free to maneuver
in the field. In tied by the left leg to' Klm
berley In order to please Cecil Rhodes and
by the right leg to Ladysmith in order to
please Joseph Chamberlain. Yet neither
town has the very smallest military
value."
Although the British will soon have 20V
000 men in South Africa, the Daily Mail
and other papers are still asking for more
troops. »
The stoppag« of shipments of gold and
diamonds resulted In exports from Cape
Colony last month valued at £251,182. ns
against £2,312.114 In January of last year.
OCEAU 1 TBAVEL.
NEW, YORK, Feb. 11.— Residents of the
Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn are deeply
interested In the kidnaping of Caroline
Lynn from the house where the child's
father lay dead. Caroline will be a month
old the day after to-morrow. Her motner
died soon after the child was born, and
her father, grieving over the loss of his
young wife, committed suicide a week ago
Saturday.
On Tuesday last Caroline was carried
off by friends of her mother's relatives',
who are Catholics, to prevent her, being
taken to Las Angeles by her father's step
mother, a Protestant. It Is alleged that a
priest aided the man, who falsely repre
sented himself as an officer of the court,
in securing the custody of the child, and
that this man and the baby's nurse fousht
fiercely for the possession of the child in
a room adjoining that in which the child's
father's body lay.
Frank Lynn, whose father Is a retired
brass founder of Los Angeles, came to
Brooklyn three years ago. He met Caro
line Boyle, an orphan, and married her
about sixteen months ago. They took
rooms tn West Fifty-eighth street, and
the bride's brother and sister, James R.
and Miss Leila M. Boyle, went to live
with them.
When Mrs. Lynn died Lynn Is said to
have ordered Mr) and Miss Boyle from his
house and to have telegraphed to his
father asking to be. allowed to return to
his paternal home with his child. The
elder Lynn replied that his wife, Frank's
stepmother, would come at once to New
York. There was some delay, and Lynn
in a fit of despondency wrote to his friend.
A. Leander Diack, to say that he was dy
ing and that his life was insured for $IsOO,
and asked Diack to collect the money, pay
his debts and care for his child until his
stepmother should arrive. Lynn then took
carbolic acid and died. His stepmother
reached the house two hours after he was
found dead. She prepared to carry out his
wishes.
Mrs. tTlary, who was employed as nurs»«
for Caroline, was alone in the house with
the child and the dead body of Lynn last
Tuesday, Mrs. Lynn having gone out. Mrs».
Clary says that Grenville Gardiner cf
Fifty-first street, where Miss Leila Boyle
now lives, entered the Lynn rooms and
said, "We have come for the child," and
pointed at a man in the garb of a priest
who stood in the hall.
This man said they w»re acting by
orders from court, but as he could not
show papers Mrs. Clary says she ordered
him out. She says he then threw her to
the floor, took the child and ran out, fol
lowed by the priest, whom he addressed
as Father Curran. or some such name.
She adds that she followed them to Fifty
first street and Fourth avenue, where tli«*y
entered a coach which wan waitiqg there
for them and were driven away.
Mrs. Lynn has gone back to LO9 An
geles, after being advised that she wouli
have no standing In court, as she is not
a blood relative of the child. She said
her husband would come to Brooklyn and
fight for the custody of the child.
Plight of the Besieged Town So Serious That
Roberts May Move to Its Relief Instead
of Invading the Free State. .
LONDOX, Feb. 12.— The latest dis
patches from the front, showing the
real reasrms for General Buller's
retirement^ v> d bis intention to try
again, quite destroy the comforting
and ingenious theory that the movement
was an elaborate feint to facilitate the
main . advance of Lord Roberts, a theory
which obtained acceptance largely because
of Balfour's misleading statement to Par
liament. These seemingly useless retl
cencles and prevarications on the part of
the Government and the War Office are
beginning to be criticized severely.
No word has yet issued from the War
Office regarding General Buller's latest
attempt, although the correspondents are
allowed to telegraph with a fair amount
of freedom, and thus far only a partial
list of ca^ualtie* has been published. The
dating of messages from Frere Camp may
Modder Rlyer and the apparent prepara
tions for an advance from that point
The mentjon in the dispatches, of Lord
Roberts to the War Office yesterday of
General Clements as commanding at Rehs
burer is interpreted to show that General
French with his cavalry has gone to join
Lord Roberts, and that considerable
changes in the, distribution of troops in
that district have occurred. ¦ The unex
pected strength and activity of the
at Rensburg, where they are rather press
ing the British, than being pressed by
them, causes anxiety.
There Is no confirmation of the report of
a sortie from Ladysmith. The latest d's
patches from there, dated Wednesday
last, report that all was quiet then and
that instructions had been issued 10 bs
ware of the possible approach of Boer* In
the guise of a British relief force.
To-day sees the beginning of the fifth
HORSEFLESH THE FOOD OF KIMBERLET GARRISON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1900.
CHILD TAKEN WHILE
FATHER LAY DEAD
Caroline Lynn Said to Have Been
Abducted by Relatives of
Her Mother.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
IA/. X. HESS,
NOTA&Y PCaLIG AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus SpreckaU Bldg.
Telephone Brown 831.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
t Steamers leave Broadway
W. wharf, San Francisco:
BIWI For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.
igggfte^ Feb. 6. 10, 13, JO, 23; Mar. 2.
RBs£*tL??*?V Change to company's steam-
gjrWßiVa*! ers at Seattle.
Et^jS 1 "! SsMl For Victoria, Vancouver.
ffi^S-**^! fB - c >« Port Townsenri.
ji*Hi|y^l»aki Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New What-
com (Wash.). 10 a. m., Feb.
c. 19. 13. 20. 23. Mar. 1 and rvery fifth day
thereafter; change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). I p. m.. Feb.
3. ¦8. 13. 19. 23. 29. Mar. S, and «very nftb day
thereafter.
For Panta Cms. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Ltil* Obt»p©», narlnts,
Panta Barbara. Wntura. Huanama, Ban Pedro,
East San Pedro (Lo« Anveles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Feb. 4. », 12. M. 20. 24. 23. Mar. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr San Dleno, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Panta Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angalas), 11 a. m .
F»b. 2. 8. 10. 14, 18. 22. 26. Mar. X and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. Saa Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pu. Santa Rosall*
and Guayaas (Ilex.). 10 a. ra.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folder.
The company n"nerv«« tha right to chanjj*
steamers, sallincr dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 N«w Montgomery
•treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
# I* Market st . San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:po:r,tiij.a.:n"d
From S»<-ar-Btr*et Wharf at 10 a. m.
FA DP £12 First Class Including Perth
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meala.
COLUMBIA saUs Feb. 17. 27. Mar. 9. 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Balls
Feb. 12. 22. March 4. 14. 24
Short line to Walla Walla. Saokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In tn- Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALI* PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
RW TOBS. 807THAXFT09. LONDOS. PISI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Feb. lflNew York March 7
St. Louis Feb. 21 St. Paul March 14
Frlesland Feb. 23. Kensington ..March 21
RED STAR LINE.
New York. cr>d Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Feb. 14[Southwark ...March 7
Noordland Feb. 21 Westernland .March 14
Frlesland Feb. 28'Kenslngton ..March 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Michael. Oawson City.
For full information regarding frelfjnt ani
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPA.VY.
JO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
ITOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at HonsrkonK with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
• NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. »
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, March 7
HONGKONG MAHtT Saturday. March 31
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rnten. For
freight and passage apply at company" s office.
4JI Market St., corner First.
W. Jf. AVERT, General Ajfent.
RULERS OF THE WORLD.
Meat-Eating Nations Are the Leaders
, in Every. Branch of Human
Achievement.
TnV rullnp rations of the world are meat
eaters and history records that they al-
ways have been.
Vcsretarlans and food cranks may ex-
plain this In any way they choose, but the
facts remain that the Americans, Eng-
lish, French, Russians and Germans ara
meat eating: nations, and they are also the
most energetic and most progressive.
The principal food of the heroic Boer
soldier known as Biltong, Is a sort of dried
beef, affording- a .frreat deal of nourish-
1 ment In a highly concentrated form.
The weak races of people are the lice
eatin? Chinese. Hindoos and Siamese, re-
garded since the dawn of history as non-
progressive, superstitious and inferior
physically and mentally to the meat eat-
ing nations who dominate them.
The structure of the teeth plainly Indi-
cates that human beings should subsist
upon a variety of food, meat, fruit and
grains, and It is unhygienic to confine
one's diet to any one of those classes to
the exclusion of another.
Meat is th<? most concentrated and most
easily digested of foods, but our manner
of living' Is often so unnatural that the ,
digestive organs refuse ;o properly digest
meat, eggs, and similar nutritious and
wholesome food, but It is hot because
such food is unwholesome, but the real
reason Is that the stomach lacks, from
disease or weakness, some necessary di-
gestive element; hence arising indigestion
and later on, chronic dyspepsia.
Nervous people should eat plenty of
meat, convalescents should make meat the
principal food, hard working people have |
to do so, and brain, workers and office
men should eat, not so much meat but at
least once a day and to insure its perfect
digestion one or two of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia -Tablets* should be taken after each
meal, because they supply the peptones,
diastase and fruit acids, lacking in every
case of stomach trouble.
Nervous dyspepsia, catarrh of stomach,
gastritis, sour stomach, gas and acidity
are only different names for indigestion,
the failure to digest wholesome food, and !
the use of Stuart's Tablets cures them !
all because by affording perfect digestion j
the stomach has a chance to rest and re- !
cover its natural tone and vigor.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the real
household me«'lcine; It Is as safe and
pleasant for the stomachache of the baby
as it Is for the Imperfect digestion of its
grand sire. • -
They are not a cathartic, but a diges-
tive, and no pill habit can ever follow their
use; the only habit Stuart's Tablets in-
duces Is the habit of good digestion and
consequently good health.
A little book on stomach diseases mailed
free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co.. Mar-
shall. Mich. All drug stores sell the tab-
lets at 50 cents for complete treatment.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS,
SAVE GOLD— Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson
st. Amalgamators. Sand. Centrifugal Pumps.
fgaßftftfJik Th « S. S. Alameda
jSjSJ?4IL «alls v !a Honolulu anl
rrnils* Auckland for Sydney
3 Wednesday. Feb. 21.
r?ia)filS!]lD' i ' Th« S. 9. Austral!*
C"if *"£• " X sails for Honolulu
(OiHD3fZy~ Wednesday.. March T.
Favorite line around . the world via HaTraii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc. ; $610 first class.
*. li. sr« tCAt La & 3f.CS. CO.. Agts.. 04 Montgonran
P»«>7 runt Pacific St freight Offlcc.327 Market St
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator A Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. 63 Stevenson st.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No qulck-
»llver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
OASOLINK ENOINES
HERCULES GAB ENGINE WORKS Is Cllln*
large numbers of orders for Nome. 141-143
First st.. S. F.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OH, Crude Oil and Gasolln*.
ENSIGN A McOUFFICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F.
COMPAOSIE 6EXZBALS TBANSATLAtfTIQTO.
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE-PA IU3.
Sailing every Thursday instead of €%&Fys
Saturday, from November !. 1599. at ¦***?***2*-
10 a. m., from PJer -C. North River, foot 0'
Morton St.: IVAQUITAINE. Feb. 13; LA GAS-
COGNE. Feb. 22; LA TOURAINE, March 2;
LA BRETAGNE. March 8. First clap* vj
Havre. $60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction ra
round trip. Second class to Havre, 143; 5 %-r
cent reduction on round trip. '"JRNEU.-'L
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AM>
CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson buildmr).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pac 3o
Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., San Fnn-
cisco.
SAND CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS.
Lift Gol J-Bearing bands perfectly. In opera-
tion at 615 Sixth st. BTRON JACKSON.
' MARSH STEAM PU.MPS
Supply fresh or (alt water for alulce boxes;
high or low. lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market st.
ENOINES, BOILERS. ETC.
BAKEK A- HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
. ' lowest prices on the coast. Pine A Davis ata.
2NATIONAL ANTI-TRUST
DELEGATES ASSEMBLE
League Will Hold Its Conference in
Chicago and Much Business
Will Be Transacted.
CHICAGO. Feb. IL— A number of nota
ble delegates arrived to-day to participate
In the three days' conference, beginning
to-morrow, under the auspices of the Na
tional Anti-Trust League. M. L. Lock
wood, president of the league, to-night
paid the volume of business to come be
fore the conference was so great that the
sessions might have to be extended be
yond the time originally Intended. Mr.
iyockwood will open the conference and
Mayor Carter H. Harrison will deliver the
address of welcome.
Among the delegates who arrived to-day
¦were George Fred Williams of Massachu
setts. Congressman William Sulzer of Nf-w
York Judge John Clegg of Louisiana and
Home E. Lee of South Dakota. John S.
• "rosby of New York. Congressman Lectz
nf Ohio and Congressman Shafroth of
Colorado.
Congressman Sulzer, in an interview to
r.ight. said: "m" m ¦ .
"The remedy for the trust evil Is a sim
ple one; enforce the present laws. There
is no lack of laws to deal properly with
this question, but there is a sad lack of
officials with th<» courage and honesty to
rnforce them. Right there lies the whole
truth."
J R. Sovereign, formerly master work
man. Knights of Labor, said:
"The trust evil will find a corrective
in Itself to a large extent. Over-capitali
zation and restriction of production will
work the trusts' downfall. They so re-
Ftrict production and advance prices that
they will restrict consumption until they
are ruined."
RAILWAY FROM KANSAS
CITY TO THIS COAST
Plan Said to Be in Contemplation by
Well-Known Builder of Kansas
City.
KANSAS CTTT. Mo.. Feb. U.— A. E.
Stillwell, bullfier of the Kansas City,
PlUsfcurjr ard Gulf Railroad and Its for
mer president, eald in the course of an
address at a complimentary dinner given
him at the Baltimore Hotel:
"I have in my mind another project
that 1 am about to present, which, if suc
cessful, will be of far greater benefit to
Kansas Ciey than ever was the Plttsburg
and Gulf. It Is one which will give to
Kansas City the trade or the Orient, one
that I believe will be as beneficial even
as the building of the Nicaragua canal.
If it were possible to build a short line
to the gulf. It is Just as easy to build a
short line In another direction."
When seen later Mr. Stillwell declined
to make known any definite plans he may
have. It Is tald he will attempt to pro
mote a railroad from Kansas City to the
DECISION FOR RAILROADS
Hot Required to Furnish Passes to
Shippers of Livestock.
TOPEKA. Kans., Feb. 11.— The State
Supreme Court in the case of the Atchl-
Kon, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany against I. P. Campbell has handed
down a decision holding the act of tho
j>ast Legislature requiring railroads to
'urrlsh free transportation to shippers of
livestock to be unconstitutional. The
court was unanimous, and its decision re
verses both the appellate court and the
Sedfwick County District Court. The
court fays: , -
"This is a deprivation of property with
out 4ue process of law and a denial of the
equcl protection of the laws and is, there
fore/.unconstitutional and void, under the
fourtrenth amendment to" the constltu
tlon.***
Turkish Minister Arrives.
NEV YORK. Feb. U.— All Ferouh Bey,
the Tarkish Minister to the United States,
arrive! on La Gascogne to-day and left
at ones for "Washington. Minister Ferough
was accompanied by his wife and sister
in-law! •-.
HAVANA CIGAR-MAKERS
LOSE THEIR STRIKE
Agree to Resume Work on the Terms
That Existed Before
They Quit.
HAVANA. Feb. 11.— The strike of cigar
makers was settled to-day, the men agree
ing to return to work Tuesday on the con
ditions existing before the strike. The
cost of the strike to the manufacturers
has been practically nothing. The strikers
themselves have lost $100,000.
The Heraldo tells Samuel Gompers to
return to the United States, declaring that
he came here with the intention of creat
ing disturbances. At a meeting of work
men held to-day at the headquarters of
the worklngmen's union Mr. Gompers,
who addressed the meeting through an
interpreter, counseled the men to com
bine.
A prominent Havana lawyer, who num
bers among his clients many sugar plant
ers, frays that a great scarcity of labor
exists in the provinces and that many
estates will probably be forced to stop
grinding. In the province of Pinar del
Rio $3 50 per day is paid for ordinary
manual labor in the tobacco fields, and
this industry cannot stand the expense.
He suggests that the means of communi
cation between the labor centers be cheap
ened and that Immigration be unrestrict
ed, although this would be too late for
the present crop.
ALMOST LOST HIS LIFE
BY A PRACTICAL JOKE
Fred Jacobs Induced to Stay All
Night on a Marsh Swinging
a Lantern.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 11.— Fred Jacobs, a
young man about 20 years of age, fell Into
the hands of several men while out hunt
ing last night and nearly met with his
death from the cold and fright they sub
jected him to. Jacobs met the party of
hunters, who were on the Lando ranch
hunting for geese late at night. The men
finding that Jacobs was of rather simple
disposition suggested that he go snipe
hunting with them.
Jaccbs agreed, and the men gave him a
sack and a lantern and told him to stay
on the marsh holding the sack and swing
ing the lantern and they would drive up
the geese. Jacobs did as he was com
manded and stayed on the marsh for sev
eral hours. When found by another hunter
named Edward Watson he was stiff with
the cold and unable to move. Watson
carried him to a near-by farm, when Ja
cobs was warmed and then sent home. An
attempt will be made to find the men who
played the old snipe hunting trick on
Jacobs.
SAXTON HOME ROBBED.
Relatives of Mrs. President McKin
ley Visited by Burglars.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. IL— Four masked
men entered the home of Mrs. Maria ti.
Saxton, an aunt of Mrs. President Mc-
Kinley, west of here, early this morning.
Daniel Slanker, a brother of Mrs. Saxton.
was awakened, but was prevented from
giving an alarm by a revolver thrust In
his face. The robbers escaped with a
small amount of booty.
Family Asphyxiated.
CHICAGO, Feb. 11.— Martin Jordan, an
engineer, his wife Mary and their flve
months-old boy were accidentally asphyx
iated by gas last night in their home at
Forty-third street and Stewart avenue
HOME STUDY COURSE.
IL— TWENTY LESSONS IN
FRENCH CONVERSA-
TION.
Published Tuesdays in Tho
Can Francisco Call. Begin-
ning Tuesday, February 20,
1000.
The Paris Exposition Is sure to
attract thousands of Americans.
In anticipation of this. The Call
has arranged a course of "twen-
ty lessons In French conversa-
tion." prepared specially for
Americans who have no knowl-
edge of the language, by Profes-
sor Benno Kirschbaum, a dis-
tinguished French scholar and
teacher. All readers of The Call
who wish to make a beginning In
French conversation will find it
to their advantage to follow these
etudles. The ability to use ten
French words "to the point" will
help to make "touring" easier,
and a working vocabulary of one
hundred words will surely cover
up a multitude of embarrass-
ments. Professor Klrschbaum has
conducted European parties and is
thoroughly familiar with the in-
itial language needs of an Amer-
ican in Paris.
Gives the Islands the Status of a Territory of the
United States Subject to the American
Tariff Regulations;
SHOT HIMSELF DURING HIS
SWEETHEART'S ABSENCE
Disappointment in Love Probably Respon
sible for a Dramatic Attempt
at Suicide.
REDDING, Feb. 11.— Theodore Carroll Bhot himself through the head this
afternoon during the few minutes his sweetheart absented herself from the
room. Death is certain. Carroll was infatuated with Miss .settle Beeves.
the daughter cf the landlady of his boarding plape in West Redding. Carroll
called at the Beeves home during the afternoon and found that no one was
at home but Miss Nettie. A few minutes past 4 o'clock the young lady ex
cused herself from tne parlor for awhile. During -er absence 6he heard a
pistol shot, but thought it was fired by boys shooting In the woods, the
Beeves' home being on the outskirts of town.
On re-entering tho room she found Carroll stretched on the floor with a
hole through his head and a 3S-caliber revolver In his hand. The ball had en
tered the right temple and made its exit back of the left ear. The victim
never regained consciousness. Miss Beeves says they had not quarreled. She
says Carroll made no mention nor gave any Intimation whatever of intending
eelf -destruction. It is thought by some that the injury was the result of an
accident. Oa the other hand, it Is known that the young lady bad several ad
mirers. an& wane she bestowed her affections on no one suitor entirely. It is
eaJd that Carroll was not the most favored. The young man was employed In
the molding department of the Keddlng Foundry and is out IS years of age.
He has paresis and a married sister residing at Mott. Siskiyou county.
PHIPPS BREAKS
WITH CARNEGIE
New Development in
Frick Suit.
»
PITTSBUIIG, Feb. IL— The Dispatch
to-morrow will Bay: "One of the sensa
tional developments of the expected suit
of H. C. Frick against the Carnegie Steel
Company (Limited) is the report that
Henry Phlpps Jr.. next to the largest
stockholder In the company, has broken
the business relations with Mr. Carnegie
which have be«n exceptionally close dur
ing the latter's business life. The two
eteel kings have been associated ever
Elnce boyhood, and their Interests have
been identical, not only In a business
way. but in their philanthropic work and
social standing. The announcement of
th« breach will therefore be a surprise.
Phlpps owned 11 per cent of £c capital
Etock of the company, which is more
than the holdings of any other one stock
holder except Carnegie.
••It is eaid that Phipps alone stands as
the only partner whose signature is not
attached to the famous Ironclad agree
ment. The reasons for this are not known
to the public, but the important omission
it is eafd. will be seized upon by Frick as
one of the strongest arguments in his
efforts to have the celebrated document
broken, his contention, being that the
agreement cannot be binding when the
name of one of the largest stockholders
Is not attached. '
"David Watson, who drew up the pa
per, will be one of the leading lawyers
employed by Frtck to break It. and the
arguments put forth to this end by him
self and Attorney John G. Johnson of
Philadelphia promise to be very Interest
ing "
The Post to-morrow will cay: "The
earning capacity of the Carnegie Com
pany will not enter into the settlement
with H. C. Frick. if the contention of Mr.
Carnegie's attorneys is approved by the
courts. In outlining the defense one bt
the attorneys asserted to-day that the
"book valuation' referred to in the iron
clad agreement has nothing to do with
the profits. It simply represents the
value of the plant?, stock, bills receiv
able, money on hand, etc., at the date of
the last in^fentory, less the liabilities of
the concern. It does not allow a cent ex
tra for the etock as a. mon*-y maker; In
other words, the attorney held. Frick
could not discount the future."
FATALLY SHOT
IN A QUARREL
Medford Man Wounded
by Jackson Rancher.
Bpocia.l Dispatch to The Cs.lL
MEDFORD. Or.. Feb. 11.— Ed Arm-
strong, a bricklayer, residing here, was
shot and probably fatally wounded this
evening by A. J. Hamlln. a rancher of
Jackson County. Four shots were fired,
three taking effect, two in the right groin
and one in the calf of the leg. They had
been quarreling in Collins' saloon. Col
lins put Armstrong out. Hamlin following
shortly after, when the quarrel was re
newe<l with fatal results.
Armstrong bears a good reputation and
has a mother dependent on him. Hamlln
is a brother of Mrs. Carlyle. who was sent
to the penitentiary for nine years from
Jacksonville for incendiarism. Hamlin
was arrested and placed in Jail here.
HAWAIIAN GOVERNMENT BILL
COMPLETED IN COMMITTEE
HUNDREDS OF SALOONS
SPRING UP IN MANILA
Chaplain Wells Denounces an' Evil That
Accompanied Occupation by the
Americans.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1900.,
WASHINGTON, Feb. IL— Repre-.
eentatlve W. S. Knox of Massa
chusetts, chairman of the House
Committee on Territories, has
completed his report on the
bill for the creation of the Territorial form
of government In Hawaii, and It will be
submitted to the Hou6e to-morrow. The
report is a very voluminous document, go
ing exhaustively into all the questions in
volved and thoroughly covering every
phase of the bill, which the committee
has agreed upon after many hearings and
much Investigation. Chairman Knox says
there is imperative need of early enact
ment of an organic act for Hawaii, as it
has become apparent that there is much
doubt of the extent of the power granted
to the local government of Hawaii by the
provisions of the Joint resolution of annex
ation, and In many important respects
there Is something like an Interregnum
In Hawaii.
Many doubtful questions of admiralty
and maritime Jurisdiction have arisen, as
well as of criminal procedure, rendering
it uncertain whether there is now any
tribunal for the decision ( of important
questions affecting property and any ex
isting method by which criminals may be
indicted or legal Juries impaneled for their
trial.
There is also grave doubt concerning
the power of the Hawaiian Government
to grant franchises for industrial and
commercial enterprises or for railways
which have been projected. In many re
spects the business affairs of the Terri
tory are brought to a standstill. MRiiy
Americans have bought Government land
since the annexation, on which they have
built residences and planted crops, out
their land titles are now in dispute and
cannot be settled until the passage of this
bill. Meanwhile no Americans can setde
In Hawaii on homesteads or land to be
bought from the Government, and a very
desirable class of citizens is thereby shut
out of this new Territory. The local gov
ernment is unable even to- make public
roads over any part of the public domain
of Hawaii or carry out plans based on leg
islation prior to annexation for widening
and straightening the streets of Honolulu.
The presence in that city of the bubonic
plague is calling for drastic measures by
the Hawaiian authorities, involving the
expenditure of hundreds of thousands of
dollars. In order to provide for these ex
penditures and to procure funds for the
construction of buildings which have been
burned in the effort to suppress the pes
tilence, it is proper and Just that a Terri
torial Legislature be provided by Congress
with no unnecessary delay.
Since the adoption of the resolution of
annexation large numbers of Japanese
contract laborers have been brought into
the islands. Their number is uncertain,
but at least 17.000, and probably more than
000, and delay In extending the laws of
the United States to the islands will be
taken advantage of to increase their num
b The government proposed by the bill for
the Hawaiian Islands is territorial In
form. similar to that of the later Territo
ries of the United States-a Governor, a
Secretary, both appointed by the Presi
dent; a Treasurer, Attorney General.
Commissioner of Public Lands. Commis
sioner of Agriculture and Forestry, bu
perintendent of Public Works Superin
tendent of Public Instruction. Auditor and
Deputy Auditor. Surveyor and High Sher
iff, appointed by the Governor. . ,
A Legislature is provided, consisting
of a Senate and House of Representatives,
elected by the people. The Territory is to
Ix- represented by a Delegate In Congress
The Territory is made a judicial district
of Mie United States, with a District
Court. The Judicial power of the Terri
tory Is vested In a Supreme Court and in
Superior Courts to be established by the
Legislature. The constitution and laws of
the United States locally applicable are
extended over the new Territory and the
laws of Hawaii not inconsistent with the
constitution and laws of the United States
are continued In force. The Territory Is
made a customs and revenue district and
becomes subject to the tariff laws of the
United States. Chairman Knox says It
needs no argument to convince that if It
be possible to give to the Hawaiian Isl
ands a government like that of the United
States Territories— a government which
has met the approval of Congress and the
American people since the constitution
was adopted and has proved itself adapted
to the needs of a free and progressive peo
ple—it is desirable to do so.
The American idea of universal suffrage
presupposes that the body of citizens who
are to exercise it in a free and Indepen
dent manner have by Inheritance or edu
cation euch knowledge and appreciation of
the responsibilities of free suffrage and of
a full participation in the sovereignty of
the country as to be able to maintain a
republican government. Tried by this
test, he says, the Hawaiian people meet
the requirements for the government pro
posed.
The report discusses the population of
tho Islands with a view to establishing
this proposition. Of the 109.020 Inhabitants
in 1896 31,019 were Hawailans. 8485 part
Hawaiians, 3086 Americans, 2250 British,
1432 Germans, 101 French, 37S Norwegians.
15 190 Portuguese, 241407 Japanese, 21,616
Chinese and 1055 of other nationalities.
The report says there has doubtless been
some increase in the population since 189tJ
from American and European immigra
tion and a very considerable Increase from
the Importation of Japanese laborers since
the passage of the annexation resolution,
which may be taken at 20,000, so that the
population of the Hawaiian Islands at
present may be placed at more than 130,
000. Of this population the greater portion
are Asiatics— Chinese and Japanese. With
the passage of this bill the Chinese will
be excluded and the importation of Japa
nese contract laborers prohibited. Neither
the Chinese nor Japanese have political
power and were not eligible to citizenship
under the republic of Hawaii, nor could
they obtain homestead rights. The. Chi
nese have come to Hawaii intending to
return to their native land when pos
sessed of what to them Is a competence.
The Japanese largely have the same pur-
The Portuguese will furnish a part of
the citizenship of Hawaii. They are or
derly peaceable. Intelligent and indus
trious. The native Hawailans will fur
nish also a part of the citizenship. . They
are industrious, peaceable and generous
people. The free school, free church, free
press and manhood suffrage have marked
their progress. Tho government of , the
islands has shown the same progressive
development. All the younger Hawailans
speak, read and write the English lan
guage But perhaps the chief considera
tion as to the fitness of the Hawaiian
people for a territorial government is that
the dominant class, both in politics and
business, is American.
The government and policy of Hawaii
will be shaped In accordance with Ameri
can Ideals. Associated with the Americans
in Hawaii are the English and Ger
mans and It seems certain that the chief
Hawaiian Immigration in the future will
be from America and Western Europe.
The persons who were citizens of the re
public of Hawaii on August 12. 1593, are
defined in article 17 of-the constitution of
Hawaii:
Article 17— AH persons born or naturalized 'in
the Hawaiian Islands and subject to the Juris
diction of the republic are citizens thereof.
This includes all who were subjects un
der the monarchy and all who became
citizens of the republic.
The bill proposes to strike out the dis
qualifications made under the republic to
permanently disfranchise many of the
inhabitants, especially native supporters
of the monarchy. Biennial sessions of the
Legislature are provided. The number
of representatives is doubled to make it
a more popular body. The total author
ized indebtedness is limited to 7 per cent
of the assessed valuation of property of
the islands. The report says the amend
ment striking out all property qualifica
tions for electors of Senators was made
6n account of great opposition made to
this provision, both In the committee and
by other representatives. It appeared
that such a qualification had heretofore
existed in Hawaii, and this fact had been
salutary, and it Is hoped that this amend
ment will not unfavorably affect either
the character of so Important a body as j
the Senate of Hawaii, or ever be the
means of vicious legislation.
The provision thai, the povernor of the
Territory of Hawaii shatf be a citizen of
the Territory was Inserted, for the reason
that It was deemed inadvisable that the
Governor of a Territory so remote, and
where conditions were so different from
those prevailing in the main land, should
have a greater familiarity with the needs
of the Territory he was to govern than
more Indefinite residence would assure.
The bill provides for the continuing in
force of the existing land laws until Con
gress shall otherwise provide, but to meet
objections to the present land laws,' it is
provided that all land transactions shall
receive the approval of the Secretary of
the Interior, who may also reverse, modi
fy, suspend or annul any of said transac
tions.
The report says it Is wise and safe to
provide for the organization of the Terri
torial courts of the Territory of Hawaii
by substantially continuing them as now
existing under the republic of Hawaii.
The amendment depriving the Legisla-
MOLINEUX NOT
AT ALL WORRIED
> :
Convicted Man Sleeps
Soundly as Ever.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— According to
Warden Hagen, Roland B. Molineux, con
victed of the murder of Mrs. Katherine J.
Adams, slept as calmly on Saturday
night as he did on any other
night since his Incarceration In the
Tom,bs, beginning nearly a year ago.
He arose at the usual time, exercised for
one hour, ate breakfast and read with ap
parent composure tho morning newspa
pers, after which he attended the usual
Sunday services.
The condemned man had but one visitor
to-day. The caller was his grief-stricken
and venerable father, who has not yet
given up hope and expects that the higher
courts, which will be appealed to, will
free his son.
All of the members of the Jury refused
to answer definite questions as to what
had occurred In the Jury-room, but one
of them, desirous of imparting some in
formation regarding the final proceedings
of the celebrated case, made a statement,
in which he said:
"If I were going to write as a reporter
about it. I would probably commence by
saying that the jury was a unit. upon the
guilt of the defendant: that one, two or
perhaps three of them, however, thought
it well to go through the case, discuss the
various phases of it and see if the evi
dence beyond a most remarkable doubt
would warrant such a verdict.
"I understand there was much conject
ure as to why the Jury did not go to
lunch after the charge, as expected, and
as a reporter I should attempt to ex
plain that by saying It was decided al
most Immediately after they reached the
room, while discussing whether to go to
lunch or not, that all were of one mind,
and each thought the whole matter could
be finished In probably, an hour, at the
most, and In order to get to their homes
quietly they decided to forego the lunch
and get along on the sandwiches."
"Would you write that there had been
much balloting?" he was asked.
"Well, I don't think I would have much
balloting in my version— probably a pre
liminary and final after the discussion."
Farmers' Institute Meets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 11.— There was a
meeting Saturday evening of those who
signed a roll of permanent membership
in the Yolo County Farmers' Institute. A
permanent oragnization was effected by
the election of C. T. Bldwell as presi
dent and Miss Carrie Blowers as secre
tary and treasurer. It was decided to
hold frequent meetings of the local insti
tute and one annual Institute in connec
tion with the State University. It was
also decided to encourage the local agri
cultural association, provided that pre
miums are offered for agricultural, horti
cutural and all other industrial exhibits.
MAYA INDIANS
LOSE HEAVILY
?
Mexican Troops Make
Progress.
AUSTIN. Tex., Feb. 11.— A dispatch
from Oaxaca, Mexico, says that General
Bravo Is making good progress In his
campaign against the Maya Indians In
Yucatan. Several engagements between
the Government troops and the Indians
have taken place during the last two
weeks, and the Maya losses are reported
to have been heavy.
The mosquito fleet of gunboats which
was sent up the Ballze and Hondo rivers
has been of little use, owing to the fact
that the Indians have kept some distance
from shore. Several small villages along
these rlvera have been destroyed by tho
gunboat crews and marines.
It is charged by Mexican army officials
engaged in this campaign that the Mayas
aro constantly receiving valuable aid from
the residents of British Honduras.
TRANS-PERSIAN RAILWAY
CERTAIN TO BE BUILT
Bout* Will Be From Dshulfa, Via
Hamadan and Herman, to
Bander Abbas.
LONDON, Feb. 12.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Dally Mall says: The
construction of the trans-Persian Railway
has been absolutely decided upon. The
line will be 1300 miles long and will cost
150.000,000 rubles (Turkestan).
The Vledmostl says the route will be
from Dshulfa by way of Tabreez, Hama
dan. Ispahan and Herman to Bander
Abbas.
»
FIGHT AT A DANCE.
Four Men Probably Fatally Wounded
as a Result.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 11.— A Times
special. from Caney. Kans., says: Four
men were fatally wounded at a dance five
miles from Caney, in Oklahoma Territory,
last night. Bob and Carl Thompson at
tacked Joseph and James Mlckels and
Frank Wise with knives, inflicting ugly
wounds. Len Cushman Interfered, und
Bob Thompson felled him. with a blow on
the head from his revolver. All four are
In a critical condition. A posse is in pur
suit of the Thompsons.
Yolo County Fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 11.— An important
meeting of the directors of the Agricul
tural AssociaUon was held last night, at
which it was decided to have agricultural
and Industrial- exhibits and offer pre
miums for the came, In connection with
the race meeting, which will be held a
week in advance of the State Fair. The
Intention is to make this one of the best
county faim over held; in.Yo.lo. . , ,
ture of Hawaii of the power of Impeach
ing the Chief Justice and Justices of the
Supreme Court was made on account of
the change In the method of their appoint
ment, from the Governor of the Territory
to the President of the United Stages,
and it was deemed unwise to give this
power to remove from office Judges ap
pointed by the President, and further rea
son is that the power of removal is given
to the President by the bill.
Provision is made for the administration
of the revenue and tariff laws of the
United States, which are the laws govern
ing Hawaii, when the present bill shall be
come a law. The extension of the customs
laws and regulations of the United States
to the islands will be of great advantage
to the Uuited States, in that It increases
the production of goods imported from the
United States into Hawaii as against for
eign nations, and thus also increase* the
amount of duties which will be received
and which go to the United States.
The effect upon the products of Hawaii
Imported into the United States Is min
imized by the reciprocity treaty which
existed between Hawaii and the United
States, admitting free into the United
States a large portion of the products of
Hawaii. I
The amendment providing for striking
out the provision that the United States
should share in the cost of the mainten
ance of the leper settlement in the Uiani
of Molokai. the report says, was made at
the earnest request' of the representatives
of the Hawaiian Government.
With the exception of the patients now
at the settlement the disease has almost
entirely disappeared. At this settlement
there are still about 1000 patients who.
together with three or four hundred as
sistants and helpers, form a unique and
remarkable community. It Is deemed »<y
those who are conversant with the facts
that It would be a great misfortune to
have the settlement disturbed.
An attempt has been made heretofore to
obtain the consent of the Hawaiian Gov
ernment to receive certain lepers from
the Pesthouse in San Francisco. There
also was a like attempt made by the au
thorities in Samoa. If the United States
should bear the expense or a portion of
the expense of maintaining these settle
ments It might lead to the sending of
lepers from other parts of the country to
Molokai. The annual expense of main
taining the leper settlement is $110,000.
The provision <"rant!nf American regis
try to vessels carrying Hawaiian register,
whether permanent or temporary, on Au
gust 12, ISJIB, together with certain par
ticularly enumerated vessels, was made
to meet the cases of certain vessels
bought In good faith and with the inten
tion of Hawaiian registry. They were
very few in number, and In addition to
those particularly mentioned there are
five others which receive the benefit of
this section.
The provision of a method in which the
Chinese now in Hawaii may obtain cer
tificates of residence is obviously to brine:
the Chinese in Hawaii under the laws o7
the United States. The purpose of this
section and the general purpose of the
bill, wherever possible to make said pur
pose effective, is that the annexation of
the Hawaiian Islands may benefit and not
injure American labor.
The annexation of the Hawaiian Islands
will In the future be of great advantage
to the United States commercially, as it
already has been. The exports of the
United States to the Hawaiian Islands for
eleven months ending with November
were $4,845,920; In IS9S. $5,891,735; In ISD9,
$10,206,157. The Imports for the same pe
riod from the Hawaiian Islands into the
United States were: 1597. $15,104,242; in
IS9B. $16,455,171. and in 1599. $21,672,062.
¦ The report says that whether It be true
as a general proposition that trade fol
lows the flag, certanly in relation to Ha
waii, it may be truthfully said that trade
followed the flag.
¦WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— Captain Frank M. "Wells, chaplain of the First
Regiment of Volunteers, who has Just returned from the Philippine Islands,
spoke In Garfleld Memorial Church to-day under the auspices of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union on the liquor question in the Philippine Islands.
He declared that since the Americans took Manila 400 places where liquor Is
sold had sprung up In Manila, while before the Americans came to the islands
Manila had only three saloons. The Filipinos, he asserted, spoke well of the
American soldiers, save that they said the Americans were "bad people"
when they had drunk too much liquor. Whisky, he said, was sold In the
barracks at Hollo not over fifteen feet from his headquarters until he put an
end to It by complaints to the colonel and provost marshal. The transport
Indiana, on which he had returned to the United States, he characterized as
a "whisky transport," and he said that he had unsuccessfully attempted to
have the sale of liquor on the transport stopped while in the Philippines.
LAST DAY OF
THE CONVENTION
Y. M. C. A. Delegates Oc
cupy Redlands Pulpits.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDLANDS, Feb. 11.— The nineteenth
annual State convention of the Young
Men's Christian Association came to a
close with a farewell service at the Bap
tist church after the regular church ser
vice at 9 o'clock to-night. The proceedings
throughout were marked by the high
character and breadth of view presented
by the speakers. A decided advantage
was derived from the presence ,of such
noted and successful workers as Field
Secretary C. K. Ober of Chicago and Sec
retary Sinclair of Dayton, Ohio, whose
papers and advice have been most inspir
ing. The Bible readings conducted by Mr.
Sherman have proved most valuable ex
ercises, calling forth a large attendance
each morning nr.d afternoon.
After the consecration exercises at 9
o'clock this morning many delegates vis
ited the Sunday schools of the various
churches. All the pulpits except the Cath
olic and Episcopalian were occupied both
morning and evening to-day by the lay
delegates, the subjects being in each in
stance the same, the theme relating to
the Young Men' 3 Christian Association.
In most instances the offerings taken were
for the benefit of the association. This
afternoon at 3 o'clock the men's rally at
the Young Men's Christian Association
auditorium called forth a splendid congre
gation of young men. The meeting for
women at the Presbyterian church at the
same hour and the boys' meeting this
afternoon were also well attended. The
character of the addresses, both during
the convention and at the churches to
day, and the broad lines upon which the
work was outlined, left a most favorable
Impression on the Redlands people.
Explorations Successful.
MARSEILLES, Feb. 11.— Count Leon
tleff. Governor of the Equatorial Prov
inces of Abyssinia, has arlved here on
board the French steamer Simons. His
expedition Into the regions of Lake Ru
dolph and the River Omo Is now known
to have had very satisfactory results, and
It Is believed that an Important extension
of French commerce In that section will
ensue.
FID FOUR SHOTS
AT All OLD MAN
Attempt at Murder in
Santa Cruz.
•
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 11.-An attempt
was made early this morning to murder
G. D. Louck In his saloon In East Santa
Cruz. The motive Is supposed to have
been robbery, as Louck. who Is an old
soldier, received his pension a few daya
ago. and the fact was known to patrons
of the saloon. Louck, who is 63 years old.
was playing cards. with Joe Techera and
Manuel Amaya. two young meo residing
in the neighborhood. While the game
was in. progress they made some excuse
and went out. leaving Louck sitting: in a
chair by the table.
They sopn returned, and Techera with
out the least provocation, struck Louck
on the head with a club, which he had
procured In the. yard. Louck, although
half stunned from tho blow, arose to de
fend himself and the men backed to tha
front entrance. As Louck advanced
Amaya drew a pistol and Techera ex
claimed. "Shoot and shoot to kill " Am
aya fired four shots at Louck. all of.
which took effect. One lodged in the arm
another in the neck, a third in the left
breast and the fourth in the stomach.
Louck fell In the doorway of the saloon,
while the men : ran away. A paserby
heard him calling for help and procured
medical aid.
Techera and Amaya were arrested soon
after the crime was committed at their
homes. Both were in bed and appearVd
surprised, feigninp Ignorance of the shoot
ing. They were brought before Louck.
who positively identified them, although
they strenuously denied having committed
the crime. The prisoners were cool and
self-possessed. They were born and raised
here and are now in jail awaiting the re
sult of Louck's wounds. Louck is In a
dangerous condition, although resting
comfortably this evening. It is doubtful
if he will survive.
Thomas Merrill Dead.
SALT LAKE. Feb. 11.— Thomas G. Mer
rill, widely known throughout the country
as an energetic worker In the silver
cause, died in this city to-day of pneumo
nia. Mr. Merrill was interested In mining
properties in Utah, Colorado and Mon
tana.
I You know how popular the blue serge has been. It looks as though it will |
be more popular during 1900. To meet the demand with an economical suit, we S
have made some single and double breasted blue serges that are to be great i
favorites — because they are blue serges, and because they are but $10.00. They |
are ready made, all wool, fast in color, stylishly made and possess a tone that is |
characteristic of much higher-priced clothes. The price indicates what the suits |
.are worth to us, but you will find them worth much more to you. |
Boys' middy suits I
Middy suits in blue serge and cheviot, ages $ to 10 years, sailor collar. |
• seven rows of silk soutache braid trimming, vestee with imitation shield and but- 0
toned front, two pockets, pants lined throughout. The suits are $6^o values — |
price now for a time 54. 30 I
I Out-of-town-orders filled — write for illustrated catalogue No. 2. |j
718 Market Street |
3ADVERTISEMENTS.
children growing nicely r
Stronger each month? A
trifle heavier? Or is one of"
them growing the other
way ? Growing weaker,
growing thinner, growing
paler? If so, you should try
It's both food and medicine.
It corrects disease. Itmakes
delicate children grow in
the right Way — taller^
stronger, heavier, healthier^
50c and $1.00. all drujgiit*. I
SCOTT & BOWXE, Cbcmhss, Xsv Y«W
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wtde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office, CS Market street.
THE KENTUCKY SITUATION.
GOVERNOR TAYLOR of Kentucky has acted
wisely in deciding to leave the issue of the con
test over the Governorship to the Legislature
and the courts. That is in fact the only rational policy
for him to pursue. The law of the State provides a
certain course of action to be taken in the settlement
of disputed gubernatorial elections, and whether that
law be wise or unwise it is the duty of all parties
to abide by it.
If men are to take up arms and fight whenever they
believe their political opponents are about to take an
unfair advantage of them, the politics of this country
would hardly be much better than that of South
America. It is always much better to submit to a lit
tle wrong than to have civil wars, for smali wrongs
can be righted without a resort to such violent means.
In the Kentucky case the Governor has the more
reason to be content to leave his case and his rights
to the arbitrament of the tribunals constituted by the
law, for up to this time he has suffered no wrong from
them. The election boards of the various districts of
the State made returns showing a majority of votes in
his .favor and the State Election Commission, though
a majority of 4ts members are Democrats, approved
the returns and gave him a certificate of election.
It is the law of the State that gives the Legislature
the power and imposes upon it the duty of finally de
termining the issue, and if the legisators, through
partisan prejudice or any other evil motive, act un
justly and set aside the decision of the Election Com
mission, the responsibility of wrong-doing will rest
upon them and an appeal can be taken to the people
at the next election. Taylor has the proof of the jus
tice of his claim in the records of the election and
with these proofs in his possession can safely leave
the controversy between himself and the Goebelites
to the voters of the commonwealth.
It is a gratifying fact that throughout the whole
course of this outrageous proceeding on the part of
the followers of Goebel to take possession of the State
government by fraud or by force that the influential
Republican leaders and organs of the country have
steadfastly counseled moderation and respect for the
law on the part of Kentucky Republicans. There has
been no clamor for military interference to prevent
the Goebel Legislature from carrying out its resolve to
unseat the Governor. On the contrary, the prevailing
tone of Republican comment on the situation has been
that of a profound respect for legality. It is better to
submit even to a bad law than to violate a law, for
under our form of government it is in the power of a
people to repeal a law when it is found to be bad. '
It not infrequently happens in human history that
evil results in good. The bitterness of this contest,
leading as it has done to the assassination of Goebel
and the attempted assassination of Taylor, ought to
convince the Kentuckians of the criminality of their
political methods and the, barbarism of their fashion
of settling disputes. The Republicans of the State
i cannot serve Kentucky, better than by; setting an.
THE PRESENT LULL IN TRADE.
' 1 "RADE was singularly featureless last week, but
its volume was larger than for several weeks, as
* shown by the bank clearings, which fell off only
.8 per cent from the same week in 1899. For some
weeks these clearings have been considerably below
thobc of last year and the insignificant loss last week
shows that the volume of business is increasing again.
The very largest cities, too, which recently have ex
hibited the lion's share of the loss, are now gaining,
which is another good sign. The record of failures,
however, is still unfavorable, the disasters last week
being 245, against 217 last year.
As previously mentioned, the feverish excitement
of the past year or two seems to have completely sub
sided. Manufacturers are no longer complaining that
they cannot fill their orders. Machinery and woolen
goods lead in point of activity at the moment and
the new business in the latter is surprisingly large and
sustains the high prices, while the foreign demand for
the former is excellent. The iron trade shows some
slackening, accompanied by weaker quotations for
many descriptions, but there are enough old orders
on hand to keep the furnaces going for some time to
come. A decline in leather and hides has not in
duced the boot and shoe manufacturers to buy freely,
as they arc not getting the contracts that they need
at this season. Still, though the factories are buying
little, they are turning out more goods than ever be
fore, chiefly on old orders. In fact, were it not for
these old orders from 1899 the industries of the coun
try would probably be complaining of dull times.
Perhaps, when they are filled, new business may arise,
but that cannot be safely predicted now.
A good sign, and probably the best at the moment,
is the activity and strength in provisions. The con
dition of this line has for some years been the best
barometer of trade. When, after a period of stag
nation, business begins to pick up, provisions are the
first to show improvement, and when trade begins to
lag provisions are generally the first to quiet down.
Hence the current activity in these goods may safely
be taken as a favorable indication. There seems,
however, to be no particular speculation in anything
outside of Wall street. People buy what they want at
the moment and nothing else.
In Wall street the market had shown rather more
activitiy and the increasing ease in money serves to
stimulate speculation, though the public is not dip
ping very deeply and the professionals still have the
market largely to themselves. Toward the close of
the week there was a disposition to realize and ihz
feeling was heavier in consequence. Fluctuations dur
ing the week, however, were small.
In this city, local securities, after a period of dull
ness, showed signs of more activity, though the
volume of transactions was not up to the average of
1899. Merchandise continued active and no com
plaints were heard among the merchants. The con
tinued dry weather and frequent north winds have en
abled the farmers to catch up with their work and
vast areas are being seeded throughout the State.
Planters are complaining of the scarcity of nursery
stock and in the central part of the State many fruit
men, being unable to get fruit trees, are planting vines
instead. In the Upper San Joaquin it is said that
the output of grapes in three or four years will
be increased 50 per cent for this reason. The fruit
men have done so well during the -past year or two
that the croakers, who are forever crying down the
fruit industry as overdone, have gone into their holes
and there is a rush to establish new orchards and
vineyards, with the probable result that in several
years these enthusiastic planters, disgusted by a pos
sible bad j'ear or two, will be just as eager to dig
them up as they are now to plant them. At least,
this is the history of the fruit business in California.
It is the man who follows his business through thick
and thin, the cobbler who sticks to his last, that suc
ceeds in the long run.
MONDAY FEBRUARY 12, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
J'CULICATIOX OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main ISO*.
1 :;)ITOIIIU, ROOMS 217 <o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main IST 1.
Delivered by Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week.
Sfncle Coplen, 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including nostairei
P4.11.Y CALL <fn«*!ndlntc Snndnjl. one year..»fi.OO
ntll/l' CALL (Including Snndnr). « months. . 3.00
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday). 3 months. . I.RO
DAILY CALL By Slnicle Month «5e
SI \IJAY CALL One • Year *-»°
\VtiEK.LY CALL One Year t -°°
All postmasters are authorised to receive
¦ abscrlptions.-
F.imple copies will be forwarded when reanested
iiililAM) OFFICE 1118 Broadway
c. cnoitfin KitoGXESS.
Msnacer Foreign Advertising. .Mariiuette Bnlld
luK, ChlcnKO.
SEW YORK COHHESPOXnEXTi
C. C CABXTOIV Herald Sq»«rc
CHICAGO SEWS STAXDSt
Sbermnn House; P. O. Xews Co.j Great North
ern Hun!; Fremont Honne; Auditorium Hotel.
>nw Yonic xews staxdsi
\Va.l«lorf-A«torin lloteli A. Brentano. 31 Tnlon
Square; Murrnj Hill Hotel.
SKW YORK REPRESENTATIVE l
TERRY* LUKE.\S JR 20 Tribune Building
WASHIXGIOTf CD. C.) OFFICE. .Wellinsrton notel
J. V. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BR4.XCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open nntil 9t30 o'eloelt. 300 Hayes,
open until 9:30 o'clock. HIM McAllister, open
until !•:::<» o'clock. 015 Larkln, open nntil
»:3(» o'clock. 1»41 Mission, open ontll 1O
o'clock. 22(tl aiarket, corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 o'clock. JO!»<» Valencia, open until t>
o'clock:. 1O« Eleventh, open nntil 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
A Ihanibra— Jeffries- Sharkey Contest Pictures.
Tivoll— 'The Idol's Eye."
Crand Opera-house — "Alladln Jr."
Gran j Opera House — Symphony Concert Thursday afternoon.
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
California— "An Unconventional Honeymoon. **
Columbia— "The Viceroy."
AJe&zaj^— "Oh, Susannah."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla. corner Mason and Ell's streets — Specialties.
¦ Calvary Presbyterian Church— Nashville Students to-night.
Western Turf Association — K&cea to-day.
navy, especially among the midshipmen,
and an old admiral describes his dress ai
midshipman as follows: A coat, the skirt
of which actually swept the deck, and so
wide that it would button down to th*
very bottom; my white cuffs reached
half way up the arm to the elbow, jj,
waistcoat, also of a snowy hue. reached
to my knees, and I had on white thr e a<l
stockings, high shoes and buckles and »
Plafn cocked 6 hat. A prodigiously ion*
silver-handled sword completed m> coa
tume. Other midshipmen of the same
Darty were even worse dressed, one hav
ing a high hat bound by narrow gold lac-,
white waistcoat, light blue knee breeche,
and a huge pair of waterproof boots. Tr.e
admiral before whom these youngsters
presented themselves Bent them over th»
side, ordering the gang to goto a Ply.
mouth tailor and get razed and properly
uniformed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1900.
ST. VALENTINE
DULY HONORED
Alpha Cotillon Club Holds
High Revel to His
Glory.
The first season of the Alpha Cotillon
organized by Miss Gertrude Burnett
closed with a valentine bal masque. Th»
favors consisted of red hearts stabbe.l
with arrows, dainty valentines, gold bows
and arrows and Japanese love quotation.*
artistically done on red and yellow ban
ners tied with ribbons.
Under the efficient leadership of Henrj
Clapp the figures of the german were
most attractive. He was effectively
dressed as St. Valentine and was assisted
by Miss Isabel Birkmaler as, the Queen or
Hearts. Those In the first set were: Mlsj
Spencer as a California puppy; Mr. Bacor.,
"Toreador," from Carmen; Miss Gertrude
Burnett. I'syche; Mr. Sewel. buccaneer;
Miss Moulton. Beatrice; Mr. McGinnls3.
Seventh Regiment uniform; Miss L,ow.
Japanese girl; Mr. Chase, comic valentine;
Miss E. Birkmaier, true lover's knot; Mr.
Spencer, yellow domino; Miss Mabel
Handy. Maud Muller; Mr. Fuller, dom
ino; Miss Howell. buttercup; Mr. Craij;.
buttercup.
The members and the guests present
were: Messrs. Beasom, Noble, Rose.
Rourke, Ford. Somers, Marvin. Burnett,
Gale. Day. Craig, Livingstone. Oppen
helmer. Meudorff. Fuller, Calvlll, Robin
son. Wismer. Circe. Drs. Roese. Starr.
Rosenthal and Mann- Misses Gray. Har
land, Pc Long, Hendy, Rourke. Critten
den, Prindle, "Warren. Soper, Stone.
Young, Murphy, Newell. Scoville. Booth.
Gottig, Sessions. Olive Burnett. Kate Hax
land. Ida Harland, Jackson. Brun3 and
Graham.
Among the most noticeable) costumes
were Carmen. George 11. the Hussar,
which was accurate in every particular:
Queen of Clubs. Punchinello. Lady Tea
zle. German naval officer and Rosalind.
The young people lock forward with
pleasure to the season of 1300-OL
A DAILY HINT PROM PARIS.
After all the fuss and feathers England gets her
Alaskan harbor at last. Uncle Sam may awake to the
realization some day that the acquisition of new
cousins is expensive business.
Dawson, it is said, has reached a thirst high-water
mark with nineteen saloons in two blocks. The Daw
sonites must have beta reading the police regulations
of San Francisco,
A cousin of General Buller, who honors Sari Fran
cisco by his permanent residence here, says that the
general is a master of military strategy. This may
mean that the voluble cousin is telling family secrets
which the public does not know. .
It is now definitely announced that Admiral Dewey
wants to be President of the United States. After
that little affair in Washington there is an absolute
certainty that the great sailor's managers won't make
a house-to-house canvass. •
British military authorities have assured themselves
that the Boers have great respect for the fighting of
the British. If a wholesale slaughter of her Majesty's
troops is any indication of respect perhaps the British
authorities are right.
It has been left to ex-Secretary of War Alger to
deal Great Britain the heaviest blow of censure of her
South African campaign.* Th« general has resur
rected his pen and is pleading the British/ causa
New York's Park Commissioner Is Is-
sulnjr permits to automobile owners to
the number of two or three a week.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the pirns, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates tha Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
port of tha world. Ba sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnalow's Soothing Syrup. 23c a bottle.
The Fastest Train Across tha Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Saata Fe Roots.
Connecting trains leave at 6 p. ra. Monday,
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line ta
the East. Ticket office. C 23 Market street;
Pretoria, the capital of th« Transraaj.
is a small city of about 8000 whlta popu-
lation. '
CaJ. place fruit 60c per n> at TownMiid'a.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clll ping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
The new naval programme of France
provides for the construction of thirty
four submarine boats and vessels which
can be submerged.
The German Institute of Naval Archi
tects recently held its first meeting at
Charlottenburg, near Berlin. The society
Is not yet one year in existence, but num
bers already 605 members.
The oost of battleships In the British
navy was $245 per ton ten years ago, and
had Increased to 5375 last year. The addi
tional cost is due to more expensive mate
rial used and more complicated construc
tion, which items more than outweigh the
decreased cost of labor in the yards. .
The Russian coast defense ship General
Admiral Aproxin, which went ashore on
the coast of Gothland a few weeks ago.
Is still hard and fast. Some of the rock
upon which the ship rests has been blo-wn
up. but the effect of this heroic treatment
upon the ship is not stated.
Admiral J. S. Brand of the British navy,
speaking recently at Eastbourne, said that
"when an Inquiry was made as to the pre
paredness of the army for war we must
not forget to insist upon an equally strong
inquiry as to the condition of the navy. I
could say something that might alarm
them, but perhaps it would not be wise."
The keel of the battleship Albemarle was
laid at Chatham dockyard on January 1
last. The ship will be 405 feet long by 73
feet 6 Inches, and will displace 14,000 tons
on a mean draught of 26 feet 6 inches. Her
water-line protection will be a belt of Har
veyized steel 290 feet In length, of 7- Inch
maximum thickness, tapering to 3 Inches
at the ends, and the speed Is calculated at
19 knots. &@§l
The German navy at the present time
numbers 152 vessels for effective servlco,
which at the end of eight years will be in
creased to 222 if the Emperor's naval plans
are carried into effect- There are now 17
battleships, 8 coast defense vessels, 11 pro
tected cruisers, 27 unprotected cruisers, 5
gunboats and 84 torpedo boats. By 1908
there are to be added 23 battleships, 9 pro
tected cruisers. £1 smaller cruisers and
gunboats and 80 torpedo boats.
The trials of the Parson turbine-pro
pelled torpedo-boat destroyer Viper was
the second preliminary contractors* run,
and was four runs over the measured mile
course. ! The average speed was 34.8 knots,
and the fastest run for one mile 35.5 knots.
As the contractors have only guaranteed
31 knots during a three hours' continued
run, accidents only will prevent the boat
from doing considerably batter than con
tract speed.
The British sheathed cruiser Hyacinth
of 5600 tons has finished her speed "trial;
the latest under full power, giving the
following results. Steam in boilers, 251
pounds; revolutions of screws, starboard
169.15, port 173.55; total horsepower, 10.536;
speed, 19.4 knots: coal consumption, 1.58
pounds pcr * horsepower per hour. The
horsepower/exceeded the contract by 538,
but the speed fell short one-tenth of a
knot. .
That a stupendous. blunder In the design
of the Queen's new yacht was committed
is evident from a brief summary of alter
ations decided upon." The forecastle is to
be razed, the deck saloons lightened and
the location of, tha boilers la to .be
changed. The yacht is lying In the south
lock at the Portsmouth, dockyard, and n4
LIBERTY SATTN DOMTNO.
The domino represented Is of tha prin
cess shape, worn with a coat. It Is of
Parma colored Liberty satin. Tha front
is entirely of finely pleated moussellna do
sole. The removable hood and frill ar» of
the same material. On each side of the)
hood are bouquets of violets and ribbon
rosettes.
SYMPATHY AND , NEUTRALITY.
BECAUSE of the frequency with which many of
our leading statesmenluve declared their sym
pathy with the Boers, ami the fact that a large
majority of the American people agree with them,
fears have been expressed in some quarters that senti
ment may lead us to a violation of the laws of neutral
ity. Thus the New York Sun says:
"Because America's instinctive sympathy with the
Boer grows more irrepressible as he maintains
his struggle to defend his home in' South
Africa, it becomes the duty of those entrusted
with the management of the Government to hold
this country with the greater steadiness to the
line of impartiality. However high the Transvaal
sentiment rises in the United States, an American ad
ministration is bound to see that nothing be charge
able against us of favoritism to either of the com
batants."
The excellence of that sentiment is not to be dis
puted. There is a possibility, however, that in en
deavoring to avoid showing partiality to the Boers
we may err on the other side. Reports from the East
are to the effect that the British are making a very
large use of this country as a base of supplies for their
campaign and they are even enlisting men for military
service.
The Baltimore American, after directing attention
to a dispatch from Cape Town to the effect that 150
American .scouts who had arrived there as
"muleteers," were enlisted in the British forces, goes
on to say: "This is only one of a number of batches
which have been recruited for the British army by this
transparanet fiction and there are others getting ready
to sail, either as muleteers or hostlers, horses being
just now the principal need of the British which can be
supplied by the United States. This is all done by
commissioned officers of the British army. They
make known the number of men they wish to go with
a certain steamer and specify the qualifications re
quired, among these being service in the army in
Cuba or experience as scouts on the plains. The de
vice, of course, does not deceive any one and they
probably do not expect it to do so."
It ought to be comparatively easy for our Govern
ment to investigate the charges the American makes.
If it be true that British officers are recruiting men in
the United States it will be* a part of our duty of
neutralty to put a stop to it. In following the advice
of the Sun riot to permit our sympathy with the Boers
to lead us into any injustice to the British, we ought
also to be careful that our respect for British interests
does not incline us to overlook the rights of those
with whom we sympathize.
The Sausalito offender who was forced the other
day to keep swimming about in the aquarium which
does service as a bastile in the little town probably
never anticpated in his most solemn moments that
some day he would be compelled in such a literal sense
to bale himself out of jail.
The amenities of life in the frozen north are giv
ing the descriptive writers some unusual opportuni
ties for spectacular pen work. One enthusiast pic
tures the road from Dawson to Nome as dotted with
the ears, fingers and toes of venturesome gold-hunters.
William Jennings Bryan, it is gravely announced,
is adored by the women of Boston. This is not the
ony instance where the genial William has discovered
that what he needs least he receives most. If the fair
ones could only vote!
Alameda Argus.
It is hardly expected that the San
Francisco Examiner of one day will align
in policy with that of the next, but one
might without violence expect the differ
ent pages of a single issue to be reason
ably consistent. Yesterday, however, In
one place that distinguished Journal had
Thomas R. Bard elected Senator through
the machinations of C. P. Huntington and
In another it had him placed In the Mgh
and honorable position by the expenditure
of $100,000 of Spreckels gold. There has
been no sign for a good long time that the
Spreckeises and Huntington are in ca
hoots. In fact, a real discerning person
might conclude that they are a consider
able ways apart. Their interests, even so
far as a Senator is concerned, cannot be
wholly identical. How the people of Cali
fornia can, therefore, be expected to be
lieve that both Huntington and the
Spreckelses elected Bard is not likely to
be seen, unless a first rate diagram Is
supplied along with the proposition.
Sacramento Bee.
In an editorial upon the subject of
choosing United States Senators, the es
teemed Examiner is pleased to remark:
"There is but one reason why Mr. Bard
was chosen by the Republican caucus,
and that is that he is worth two or three
illlions of dollars."
Is not that about the only reason why
the late George Hearst, founder of the
present Examiner, was elected Senator by
a Democratic Legislature of the State of
California.
Los Angeles Times.
That journalistic drab, the San Francis
co Examiner, is now attempting to make
it appear that Senator Bard Is of the same
class of Senators as those who have
bought their way into the Senate. This
ridiculous nonsense is indicative of its
pure cussedness and the genuine Idiocy
that pervades the management of that
scurrilous and disgusting sheet. Never
was a man elected to the Senate from any
State more free from "strings" and otl»
gations than Mr. Bard. He has no master
but the people, and hia character Is so Inr
above reproach that the Examiner cannot
appreciate the situation that exists in this
particular case. The Hearstllng organ
cannot conceive the possibility of a Sen
atorial election that is not based upon the
use of money, or some other form of briD
ery. Thank heaven, California has a Sen
ator to whom the mud from the batteries
of that concern cannot stick.
Fresno Republican.
The State has long since ceased to look
for decency from the San Francisco Ex
aminer, but it has yet to learn the full
measure of its indecency. Its recent gra
tuitous attacks on the political integrity
of the men who were responsible for the
election of Senator Bard was doubtless
by no means the worst the Examiner is
capable of, but they are probably the
worst it has yet ventured.
Stockton Independent.
The Examiner cartoons and fake sensa
tions connecting Senator Bard with the
Sugar Trust and with C. P. Huntington
are the height of silliness. The people of
the State are not so unintelligent and
credulous as to accept the Examiner's ra
sertion against the evidence of every
competent observer on the scene.
Alameda Argus.
Evidently the election of Thomas R.
Bard to the Senate is displeasing to our
especial friend, the Examiner. But we
very much fear the Examiner will not
make striking headway by charging Bard
up to either the railroad or the sugar
trust. Such tactics long ago passed Into
the domain of the chestnut.
GRILLING OF THE EXAMINER.
Severely Denounced by State Papers for Its Unwarranted
Slander in Connection With the Senatorial Election.
THE UTILITY OF PERSECUTION.
THE Roberts affair seems to have propagated an
anti-Mormon campaign. ' .
Obviously the proper thing to do is to pro
pose an anti-polygamy amendment to the Federal
constitution, adopt it by the required vote of the
States, and thereafter put the "twin relics" joined in
the first Republican platform both under the ban of
the. United States.
The spirit in which some are treating the subject
savers of religious persecution. The constitutional
authorities have not yet reported who are willing to
claim that Roberts was given his constitutional rights
by the House of Representatives. There were no
precedents for the decision in his case. Its only ex
cuse is that it established, and did not follow, a
precedent. -
No religious movement has ever been crushed by
persecution. Such movements are always founded
upon an idea, and ideas are immortal. The history of
the world should inform and deter those who think
there is utility in persecution. It did not suppress
Hussism, nor its imitators, ,the Huguenots. When it
was turned against the primitive church it did not
eradicate it from. England, where it is stronger
than in the days of Henry VIII. One or many
branches of Christendom never yet succeeded in de
stroying a single branch thereof by persecution. All
religious ideas flourish in New England, where the
Puritans sought their eradication by grievous pains
and penalties.
If Joseph Smith had never been murdered in
Carthage jail and his followers, hunted like vermin,
had never been driven toward the wilderness in a
hegira that ended in the prosperous settlements that
flourish in the Utah basin, it is highly probable that
Mormonism would long ago have been buried near
to its cradle. It has thrived on persecution, and a
renewal of that policy finds it now no longer a
Hagar dying of thirst in the desert, but a fully
equipped ecclesiastical organization, led by men of
great wisdom and great knowledge of human nature,
and with a record of material benefit to its followers
which it may well compare with that of any other or
ganization, secular or religious.
It will pay the opponents of Mormonism to take it
at its word. The rulers declare that the church has
abandoned polygamy, and that its life does not de
pend on plural marriage. The cases are at the worst
sporadic, and the institution would die by contact,
even if not barred by the law or banished by another
revelation.
Taking the church at its word, it can offer no ob
jection to such an amendment to the constitution,
and it is highly probable that a Utah Legislature
would join in its ratification. Then why not drop
invective and epithet, and ascription of bad motives
and bad faith, and compel the Mormon church to
expand naturally and not by the ever useful force of
persecution?
example of respect for law. In his determination to
recall the Legislature to session at Frankfort and co
leave in the hands of the legal tribunals the decision
upon his title to the office of Governor the Republican
leader has been true to American ideals, and if the
people of Kentucky be worthy of self-government they
will in the end justify his course by. driving from
power those who obtain it by bending the law to the
service of iniquity.
THE CANAL AND THE TREATY.
DESPITE the splutter of froth and fury which
has followed the announcement of the treaty
with Great Britain concerning the Nicaragua
canal, it seems likely the treaty will be duly ratified
and the enterprise carried forward. It would be in
deed a matter of regret if any controversy over the
treaty should lead to a postponement of the construc
tion of the canal. Both houses of Congress are now
ready to vote an appropriation for the project, but if
the present opportunity be lost there is no telling how
long a time may elapse before another so favorable
occurs.
There are two classes of persons engaged in de
nouncing the treaty — first, those who are opposed to
the canal and who are glad of a chance to prolong the
fight against it; second, those who are seeking for
material to be used in the campaign this summer and
fall against the administration. The first class see an
opportunity to baffle the canal project, for a time at
any rate, by inducing the people to believe that under
the treaty the waterway would be of more advantage
to Great Britain than to ourselves, and they have been
prompt to take advantage of it. The second class re
gard it as good Democratic politics at this juncture lo
represent the administration as surrendering American
right and the Monroe doctrine, and, for the sake of
making party capital, that class are willing to act with
those who are antagonistic to the canal under any
circumstances.
Fortunately the stanch advocates of the enterprise ara
not to be deceived by the clamor of the opposition, and
moreover there are a good many sterling Democrats
who are not willing to abandon the enterprise for the
sake of getting a fictitious campaign cry. One of
that class of Democrats is Senator Morgan, who is re
ported to have recently assured the President that the
treaty would be adopted. In an interview on the sub
ject the Senator is quoted as saying: "There is always
a lot of mouthing about anything Great Britain has a
hand in, but there is not sufficient reason for it this
time. I see that one of the main grounds against the
treaty is that in case of war ships of the enemy could
go through the canal and attack the Pacific Coast.
Where would our ships be all this time? Running
away or fighting? Why, they could pick their ground
for a fight anywhere, and for that matter could stay
in the canal itself and do their fighting."
While the outlook is thus bright at Washington it
is equally promising in Nicaragua. Reports from
that country quote President Zelaya as saying the one
great desire of the Government and the people of
Nicaragua is the construction of the waterway. No
objection will be made to the construction by our
Government instead of by private parties and the
President promises to grant every concession pos
sible within the constitutional limits of his power.
Of course, the outcry against the treaty will go on
and swell in loudness until the campaign is over. The
opponents of the canal are powerful and control many
newspapers and the Bryanites in their efforts to find
an issue against the administration will not hesitate to
join the anti-canal crowd in the fight. In the end,
however, reason will prevail. We need the canal. It
should be built at once and there is nothing in the
Hay treaty which justifies opposition to it.
KIND WORDS FOR SENATOR BARD.
Additional Commendatory Comment by the Press Through
11811 out the State.
Senator Bar,, an ¦^i'SS^^E^^!* MASS'S
strife, a balm for many a wound.
ALAMEDA ENCINAI* California
The election of Senator Bard has united the Republican P^rty of California
as never before and has put this State in line for a rousing Republican major
Ity next fall.
PETALUMA ARGUS. w.^nhtfran
We congratulate Mr. Bard, the State, the Legislature and tt « *^ U SJ3
party on so wise a settlement of the Senatorial squabble. Senators Perkins ana
Bard will 'make a good, strong team.
SAN BERNARDINO TIMES-INDEX. _
Bard is a man of affair*, a business man. a life-long Republican «£*«""»
in every way worthy of the high honor of being a United States Senator from
the great State of California.
HUMBOLDT STANDARD. .
With Bard and Perkins In the Senate the people of California will be^ wen
represented, the party which they represent with honor will be In ?°™ltlon to
win a great victory next fall and so help the nation along the highway of pros
perity. Every good man should rejoice at the prospect.
STOCKTON INDEPENDENT.
Senator Bard has well formed opinions as to the great national Issues, mis
vote and influence will always be on the side of honor and individual lnte f r '*> a ™
sincerity. California may feel not only relieved but proud that the outcome of
the extra session was the election of Thomas R. Bard as United States Senator.
• ? «
RED BLUFF PEOPLE'S CAUSE. f
It may be well for the State in general and the Republican party in particu.ar
that active politicians have been set aside to make way for a sagacious ana suc
cessful business man. « • •
ORANGE COUNTY HERALD.
Thomas R. Bard is certainly a "suitable" candidate in ©very eenß© of the term.
• * •
BAN JOSE MERCURY.
We shall not need to blush for Mr. Bard In any relation in which he Is UKeiy
to be placed, for at Washington, as at home, he win command the respect of all
who come in contact with him; and no is not likely to fall short in any purpose
which he may undertake.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES
unauthorized person Is permitted to board
the vessel. TVhile the Director of Naval
Construction of the British Navy is re
sponsible for the design, and the blunder in
calculations which has made the yacht
unsafe is no doubt that of a subordinate
in the draughting room, yet. Inasmuch as
Sir "William "White would claim credit in
the event of the success of the vessel, h«
must now also take the blame for the fail
ure.
A Parliamentary return gives some inter
esting and instructive figures on the mer
cantile tonnage and naval expenditures of
the principal maritime nations, as follows:
The mercantile tonnage Is that engaged
in foreign trade, and if Lord Beresford's
definition of the uses of a naval establish
ment is that of insuring the over-sea ship
ping, then Great Britain's naval expendi
tures are really the lowest when viewed as
a means of Insurance.
Flogging is still practiced In the British
navy, as the latest victim, Thomas Mc-
Geehan. can certify. He was a second
class fireman on her Majesty's ship
Doris, lying at Simons Town, and
was undergoing a sentence o impris
onment on the Penelope for striking
a chief stoker. McOeehan, tiring of his
confinement, shammed Illness, and a med
ical survey was held, disclosing the fact
that he . had been malingering. On this
a board of three officers sentenced the
man to eighteen lashes, of which eleven
were laid on according to the Queen's
regulations, when the prisoner became in
sensible, and the wretched man was car
ried bleeding and senseless to hte cell.
The British navy regulations prescribe
punishment for all sorts of offenses; boys
may be either birched or caned, and as
summary punishment men may bo flogged
not to exceed forty-eight lashes. The
offense of malingering, however. Is pun
ishable with Imprisonment not to exceed
forty-two days, and It would seem that
the officers exceeded their authority.
Flogging was abolished by law in the
United States navy In IS3O, and the la3t
record of violation of this law was in 1876
in San Francisco harbor, when the cap
tain of the Pensacola Inflicted this unlaw
ful but well-merited punishment upon a
lot of hoodlums on board hla ship. For
this violation of law the captain was
court-martialed and sentenced to two
years' suspension.
Prior to 1747 there was neither estab
lished rank nor a prescribed uniform in
the British navy, and the adoption of the
latter. is told to be due to an accident.
George II met the Duchess of Bedford
on horseback In a blue riding habit faced
with white, and the King was so well
pleased with the effect of It that, a ques
tion'having just been raised as to the
propriety of deciding upon some uniform
dress for the navy, he immediately com
manded the adoption of these colors. By
an order of council, dated February 10,
1747, the rank and uniform of admirals,
captains, lieutenants and midshipmen
was established, but as late as forty
years after this order there was all aorta
of bablliments (a be net with In tho
4
COUNTRIES. | g
United Kingdom... 9,001.560
3ermany 1.655.371
France 9W.2SS
Italy 756.& M
L'nited States 737.709
Ruesia 603.SCM
$112.739.»0 $12 50
30,419.379 19 50
59.943.5 M 66 00
t1.242.72S 27 00
49.628.710 65 90
23.725.000 50 60
COUNTRIES. | g
United Kingdom... 9,001.560
3ermany 1.655.371
France 9W.2SS
Italy 756.& M
L'nited States 737.709
Ruesia 603.SCM
$112.739.»0 $12 50
30,419.379 19 50
59.943.5 M 66 00
t1.242.72S 27 00
49.628.710 65 90
23.725.000 50 60Don and Frank Coffin. The best of last
week's programme is retained.
Moving pictures of the Jeffries-Sharkey
contest at the Alhambra afternoon and
evening.
There will be four charges in the bill at
the Chutes thl3 week. Major Mite will
have new specialties.
The sale of seats for the third sym
phony concert under the direction of
Henry Holmes, to take place at the Grand
Opera-house next Thursday afternoon, is
progressing at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s,
with a large demand. The programme is
as follows:
Overture. "Corlolan." Op. S3 (Beethoven):
symphony, "Fraternity," in F. No. 4. Op. 44
<H?nry Holmes): variations upon a thema by
Joseph Haydn, Op. 66a (Brahms); o-rerture.
"Tannhausez" (Wagmer).
. Mr. Holmes' symphony, "Fraternity,"
will be played for the first time In the
United States.
END TO END THE TWO CARS CRASHED TOGETHER.
People Have Learned This,
That we are showing. one of the largest
carpet stocks on the Pacific Coast. Every
ne* . design and weave of every noted
manufacturers We are famous for low
prices. Indianapolis Furniture Company,
?5<J Mission street- •
A NEW BOOK,
¦
A plain, honest statement bent tells tha
story. My new book Is a clear, outspoken mes-
ease, which should b« read by every man who
needs strength or suffers pain. This book tells
how to redeem yourstlf - from past errors to
recover lost power and triumph over every
form of nervous weakness. It guides you to
the means of true pleasure and success in life
shows how to acquire th« anergy and manli-
ness which shall b«ar you through the world
In a way worthy of the position you fill. This
Interesting and valuable book will be sent frea
upon application. Call or writs and learn how
to b« cured by my famous Electrio Belt. Tblm
Is an easy and sure remedy.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market 6W, Cor. K«»ray. a, T. ¦
FELL ON THE BOCKS.
A Stranger Toppl«s Over the Seawall
Near Fort Point.
Yesterday afternoon as Galen Brown.
the. well-known horse-trainer, his daugh
ter and F. H. Cooke were walking along
the seawall In the vicinity of Fort Point,
they noticed a well-dressed young man
just ahead of them, peering over the wall
to tha rocks below. The attention of the
party was attracted to him for a moment
and then they wandered elsewhere.
Suddenly illss Brown uttered a shriek,
and her two compaions turned Just In
time to. sea tn» young fellow topple and
disappear over the- brink of the walL
<-They. curried to tho epot and, lookis*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLEARANCE SALE.
FOR FRIDAY ONLY.
STS pairs Ladles' Kid and Pebble Goat, button
ar.d lace, odd lots, formerly J€.OO. $3.00 and
KOG, cow §1.5<», $1.00
Ladice wearing A, B and C widths, tjres I
to 4. can £ad some rare values here.
FOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
Men's Cork Sole Shoes, $3.00. $7.00 andffS.CO
$5.00 p-ades, for •( J*4.lf>
ls3.t>U
For the Next SO Days.
GENTS' SHOES.
57.00 Patent Leather, cloth top, button shoes,
polnte<l toe« — be*t makes — nearly all sizes..
&2JIO
$3.50 Calf, double sole, round cr square toe...
52.1T5
$€.00 Patent Leather Lac* or Congress, square
tr*— best mike«— odd sixes 81.50
$3.C0 Boys' Shoes, calf, button, sewed, sizes
2*» to < £1.50
tS.IO Youths* Shoes, calf, button, broken,
IoU *1.2T
LADIES^SHOES.
24.00 French Kid. coin toe, hand sewed lace
shoes i* '-'..-<>
$3.00 Glased Kid, coin to«, patent leather tip,
clcth or Jdd top. button KI.UO
$6.00 Suede Kid Oxfords, four shades.... JJl.so
»*.&>:¦ Tan Shoes In button or lac* i*l.-."»
$7 and %i French Kid. plain toe, button shoes —
broken slies SI.OO
12 to Kid Oxfords, broken sixes #1.00
MISSES* and CHILDREN'S SHOES.
$2.00 Misses' clcth top. button or lace, coin or
square toe, sizes 11 to 2 $1.25
$1.75 Ch!lds' square toe, cloth or kid top, but-
ton *ho*s $1.05
$2 50 Misses' patent leather, button, plain
square toe 05c
$1.75 Chllds' glared kid. coin toe, vesting top.
lace sho«s 95c
$1.00 Infants" cloth or kid top, patent leather
tin, button shoes 50c
Lots of Bargains— first comers,
of course, have the choicest se-
lections.
830-832-834 MARKET STREET,
6AN FRANCISCO.
I Palace and ?
t Grand Hotels i
f For nearly a quarter of a century th« < >
? leading hotels en the Pacific Coast. < >
? With added improvements and oon- < >
? venlences they continue to be the head- < ,
» quarters for tourists and travelers vis- ?
itins San Francisco. ?
? JOHN C KIBKPATRICK. ; o
,T/^ • Manarer. ?
!»MM>tMM ¦*¦¦*¦ >»»»??»»>«»»
AMTJEEMEUTS.
CHUTESJND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GEORGE BTRD. the "Chines* Bmbassador."
PAUL LE CROIX, Hat Jugrler.
DOUGLASS and FORD.
Neat and Eccentric Song and Dance Artists.
MAJOR MITE, the Smallest Actor on Earth.
A.YD A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
SATURDAY HIGHTJ CAKEWALK !
Phon« for S*ats PARK P
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FOURTH MEETING. Feb. 12 to 24, inclusive
Six high-class running races every week
day, rain or thine, beginning at 1:10 p. m.
The Jdes.l winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons *tcp directly tirim the railroad cars into
a superb grand *tand. giaes-encloced, where,
comfortably housed in bad weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9:00 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:15, 12:85, I2:ii-
and 1:26 p. m.. returning immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. S*ats in rear cars re-
lerved for women and their escorts. No smok-
ier- Valencia «tr««t. 10 minutes later.
San Jcae and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave tan Bruno at 4:00
ard 4:45 p. m.
RATES— Can FrancUco to Tanforan and re-
' turn. Including admission to track. 4L25.
i W. J. MARTIN, Prasidtnt.
, F. H. GREEN, Secretary and Mawag**.,
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Immense Crowds Enjoyed the Sab-
bath Out in the Open.
People who went out into the open, to
the park and beach and other places
where recreation could be found, were
numbered by the tens of thousands yes
terday. The beach was lined for mllesj
many spending the day watching the local
Nome miners work in the black sand two
miles down the beach from the Cliff. The
crowd at the park was the largest of the
season, and thousands visited the Chutes
and Sutro's baths.
Edward Schank. while riding through
the park on a wheel, became faint, fell
off and was seriously Injured. He was
taken to the hospital for treatment and
then home. James Ach, a young law stu
dent was arrested for fast bicycle riding
and released after depositing the required
bail.
Emil Markeberg made a balloon ascen
sion from the Chutes grounds yesterday
and came down with his parachute jn top
of the Gitls' Directory. Markeberg re
mained on the roof until the women of the
Institution tossed him a rope with which
he lowered himself to the level of the top
window, through which he was draggca
to safety. The electrical fountain at the
Chutes will be ready for operation this
week and will add to the attraction of the
pleasure resort.
Following are the results of the con
tests at Sutro's baths: 50-yard dash. Ju
venile—H. Lelcken, first: H. Freeman, sec
ond. 100-yard dash, amateurs — P. Sund
burg first. Tub race. luO yards— J.
O'Brien, first; P. Sundburg, second; H.
Freeman, third. High diving for . boys—
W. Carroll, first; P. Sundburg, second.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— C.
Augustus, first; J. O'Brien, second. Under
water swimming contest— J. , A. Jackson
first; F. Summer, second.
MISS WAKEMAN
JOINS FRAWLEY
FOR some Inscrutable reason Mr.
Frawley, after floundering around
•in melodrama and French farces,
brings his season to a close with
a good, genuine, entertaining comedy. If
he bad only— but it's too late now, and
there's an end to It.
"An Unconventional Honeymoon" is
never slow enough to be dull and there is
plenty of crisp humor about ' It. It Is
neither dreary like the "Cuckoo" nor Im
pertinently comic like "In Paradise," but
moves along smoothly, with here and
there a little Jolt that shakes the laughter
out of one.
Such plays as this are the Frawleys'
field, which is proved. I think, by the work
they are doing in it. But more of the com
pany later. Miss Keith Wakeman, who
made her first appearance with the com
pany last night, commands priority.
b^e has ability and confidence as well,
and although she does not dim the luster
of Miss Van Buren In point of loveliness
she shows a more mature and conse
quently a surer art. There is a sugges
tion of masculinity about Miss Wakeman
and I can imagine her ripping things to
pieces in an emotional rolo. She has a
vocal register that drops to the most
sepulchral tones, and there is every evi
dence of physical force in her manner and
appearance.
It is Just as well, I think, that her part
afforded her no opportunities for flights
of passion, for she succeeded in being
quite charming in a tame state. I had
rather she would try to be simple and nat
ural and half succeed than she should
let loose all the energy that is in her and
fail through want of repression, and self
control. Frankly, her potential passion
awes me: I am very much afraid the lady
would rant.
It is gratlfyinar to find In this, the last
week of the engagement, that a member
of the company for whose presence on the
stage I have hitherto failed to find a rea
son actually comes to the front and acts
with downright cleverness. A Juvenile
role such as that of Tom Raycer is Just
what Francis Byrne needed to show what
Is In him. If he never attempted anything
else he might be rated among the best in
the business.
Armory, sls usual, is unctuous and en
tertaining. Harrington Reynold moves as
a peg and Mr. Frawley is not in the way.
His colloquialisms, which are supple
mented by similar efforts from Mr. Arm
ory and Mr. Byrne, are not out of place
in such a generally breezy affair as "An
Unconventional Honeymoon" and help to
move things along quite agreeably. The
play has plenty of that kind of humor
that knows no sect nor race, and whoever
sees It, provided he understand the Eng
lish language, will be healthfully and, I
may say, heartily amused.
PORTER GARNETT.
• • • •
The first production of "Th» Viceroy,"
a new opera by Herbert and Smith, will
take place at the Columbia to-night. The
popularity of other works by the composer
and author Insure an interest in this
event. The presentation is of a most cost
ly character and promises to b« brilliant
In every way.
At the California Theater the Frawleys
will give a special matinee on Wednesday,
presenting "Trilby," and on Friday, when
they give "Mme. Sans Gene." Miss Van
Buren will play both title roles.-
A second edition of "Aladdin Jr." will be
issued at the Grand to-night New spe
cialties will b« In order throughout ex
cept for some of the songs that have made
the production such a success.
The Tivoli Is still doing unusual ousi
ness with "The Idol's Eye," and there is
as yet no Intention of changing the bill.
"Oh, Susannah" is the attraction at th«
Alcazar this week. It is a farce with
plenty of go to It, as the name suggest*.
The new ones at the Orpheum are:
Cushman, Holcombe and Curtis', Monroe
and Maolc Romalo Brothers, Deet» and
ADVEBTISEMEI7TS.
An American woman's dub has been
organized In Puerto Rico.
Hayman Used His Knife.
Theodore C. Hayman and James White,
while indulging in a Sunday social drink
In a saloon at the corner of Eleventh
and Natoma streets yesterday afternon.
got into a dispute over the qualities of
one of their female associates. Not be
ing able to agree on the fine points of
the lady, Hayman proceeded to drive his
views into his companion at the point of
a pocketknlfe. In doing this he cut him
in three places under the left shoulder
blade. White was conveyed to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where hl3 injuries were
dressed. Officer A. B. Riehl is now look
ing for Hayman.
TWO cars of division E. Market
street Railway Company's system,
one standing while an investigation
of the condition of a dilapidated
sand brake was being made, the
other rushing down the gTade toward
the turn that leads to the Cliff House,
both using their bumpers under the weight
of a half-hundred passengers, crashed to
gether yesterday afternoon shortly after
3 o'clock, and not a miracle, but the
close proximity of sand dunes, was all
that saved a score of people from serious
injury and possible death. Several people
were bruised and suffered sprains a*d
contusions, and Motorman J. T. Bates of
car 1117 of the Third and Kearny street
line, which had been pressed into the
beach service, suffered serious injuries.
Early in the afternoon the Market-street
Company became aware of the fact that
the beautiful weather was calling an Im
mense crowd of people from their homes.
This fact was not discovered, however,
until too late to remedy the oversight.
Cars to and from the beach were jammed
with people, men and boys crowded the
Bteps, and every bar and guard was cov
ered with clinging hands of pleasure seek
ers. Car 576 left the Stanyan-street ter
minus in this condition: in fact, not even
room remained for the proper handling of
the overloaded car by those In charge.
Car 1117. in charge of Motorman Bates
and Conductor R. H. Baker, immediately
followed, jammed as thoroughly as the
leading car. After reaching the top of
the grade opposite the Affiliated Colleges
the 6peed of the cars began to Increase,
until a epeed, as far as passengers
were able to Judge, of at least eighteen
miles an hour was reached. These light
cars were not constructed for ser%ice on
the overland limited, and It was through
this fact that the accident occurred. The
'-oiling and twisting of the forward car
had dislodged the sand pipe leading down
beneath the wheels, and this was just dis
covered when the motorman of the leading
car endeavored to slow down to round the
curve near the beach, after which he had
a straight line of road to the terminus.
The sand box was turned, but instead
of depositing the sand on the rails and
furnishing the proper friction to slacken
the speed of the car threw a cloud of
dust over the crowded pasengers. In an
instant the motorman knew that his sand
nine was out of order, and fearful that
the light weight of his car would cause it
to leave the rails at the turn and crush
and as soon as the name of a crying
woman was taken she was left for an
other whose name and address was
sought. However, when the railway em
ployes discovered that the passengers
were beginning to search for the cause of
the collision they got the passengers back
on the cars and took them to their des
tination.
The forward car went down the road
strewing bits of glass and splintered wood
along its way. The rear dummy was
badly twisted, stanchions were broken and
the fender dragged, but with its fifty pas
sengers It made the trip without leaving
the track. The front of car 1117 was a
wreck. Broken glass was strewn
throughout its length and breadth, stan
chions were smashed and seats demolish
ed. Still it was again loaded with pas
sengers, and through a controller that
stood at an angle of forty-five degrees
went the rest of the Journey. Car 676
made the trip back, but car 1117, being
short a motorman. was handled by the
conductor as controller.
Among the passengers on car 1117 who
will remember his experience for some
time was C. T. Smith, salesman with
Raphael, Weill & Co. "I was standing
Just behind the motorman when the
crash came." said Mr. Smith. "I knew
some seconds before the collision occurred
that it was Inevitable, but I was so closely
hemmed in by other pasengers that I
could not jump. The motorman fell at my
feet like a log when his car struck the
forward one and I was thrown with con
siderable force against the seat, sustain
ing Injuries to mv knee and wrist. A
friend who was with me, Thomas Higgins,
who is also connected with the "\\ hlte
House, I have not seen since the accl
oent. so thoroughly were we mixed in the
excitement."
Others tell similar stories, all aj^ree-
Ing that the motorman was immediately
rendered unconscious by *he fore» of his
fall. About two hours after the accident
Motorman Bates recoveiea consciousness.
He said that he felt great pain in the
region of the groin and it is probable that
he suffered a rupture beside the electric
shock from the twisted controller. Bates
said he thouarht that his car was behind
576 a sufficient distance to Insure safety.
"When I saw car 676 stop I immediately
began my attempt to slacken speed. I
saw, however, that the momentum of
my car was too great to be controlled by
the brakes and so I reversed the current.
For some reason the power failed and the
car went on and crashed into 576. I re
member nothing further about the acci
dent except that It was my wish to stay
with the car and save the passengers If
possible. I am glad to hear that no one
was killed or injured."
out the lives of many under his care re
versed the curernt and the back grind of
the wheeis brought the car to a stand
still within a hundred feet. About a hun
dred yards behind car 1117 came rushing
on. It was apparent to some of the pas
sengers on the ttrst car that either no at
tempt was being made to etop the car or
that the bakes had refused to work.
Some of the passengers on both cars
jumped out into the sand and were Just
in time, for the caxs crashed together
with terrific force. A dozen people were
hurled headlong from the steps of the
cars into the sand, others standing within
were thrown to the floor and jammed
against the stanchions, while the crash of
glass, the ripping of timbers, the break
ing of iron bars, the shouting of men and
screams of women and children completed
a scene of terror. Just before the crash
came the slipping of the wheels told that
the current had been reversed.
The force of the collision hurled car
1117 back with such f»rce that the wheels
set to the rails and the car started back
up the track. Not 300 yards away an
other car was speeding down the track
toward the scene of the collision. Motor
man Bates had been dashed against the
controller with sufficient force to render
him unconscious and an electrical shock
added to the seriousness of his injuries.
No one who understood the working of
the controller was near enough to turn oft
the current and the danger of another col
lision dawned on several men on the in
side at the same instant. Unmindful of
the screaming of children and the at
tempt to make fainting women comforta
ble they Jammed In the door In a mad ef
fort to reach the controller. Conductor
Baker, mindful of the danger, with
shouts and force managed to break
through the line of struggling men,
reached the controller and brought the
car to a standstill. The oncoming car was
slackened and the danger was over.
Within ten minutes seven cars were
standing on the down track and four on
the up. showing: the close proximity of
the cars and the danger that attaches to
such railroading. The Injured motorman
was taken from his car and carried to one
bound toward the city. He was still un
conscious when he reached the Stanyan
street police station. The excited people
on the car that carried him to the sta
tion followed, saw him placed on a
stretcher and taken to his home, 2520 Bush
street. *v;;:
After placing the injured motorman
aboard the inbound car the conductor of
No. 1117 and the motorman of car 576,
Charles Nelson, and the conductor began
the usual practice of obtaining names of
witnesses. But little thought was given
to the posstole Injuries of the passengers,
Evils of Discontent.
The meeting of the Social Democrats in
Turk Street Temple was addressed la3t
evening by A. Sorenson, who chose for
his subject "Discontent." Mr. Sorenson
spoke of discontent and its attendant
evils and in a talk of about half an hour
showed his audience the benefit and hap
piness to be derived from putting up with
their lot. whatever that lot might be,
until some lawful and proper remedy
should suggest Itself. He alao spoke of
discontent as It affects the masses who
suffer from the Injustice and rapacity of
a privileged few, and of the necessity of
constant, unremitting and united effort to
amend the present unjust social condi
tion.
EX-COLLIERS
UNO COLLIERS
HARD LUCK
Nero and Siam Here
From Manila.
»
WASHTENAW ARRIVES IN TOW
# —
THE MATTEAWAN BRINGS HER
DOWN FROM THE SOUND.
«
Invennay and Falls of Afton Racing
to England With Wheat Car
gt>«3 — Charles Nelson
Sails for KauaL
The naval survey steamer Xero and the
horse transport Siam both made port yes
terday. The Nero is S3 days from Guam.
She has made soundings for a cable be
tween Guam and Hawaii, and her officers
say that a first-class route has been lo
cated. The survey boat did not atop at
Honolulu, so she had no trouble with the
quarantine officer. The Nero was for
merly the collier Peter Jebsen, and when
the Government purchased her during the
war she was made into a first-class ocean
going tug. She towed the coast defense
vessel Monadnock from here to Manila,
and after that was turned into a survey
steamer. Ever since she has been at work
on the shore line of the Philippines sur
veying a cable route betwen Manila,
Guam and Honolulu via Wake Island, in
all covering a distance of over 30,000 nau
tical miles. Her work Is now completed
and the chances are that la a few weeks
she wil be retired from active service ana
sold to the highest bidder.
The Slam also was a collier before De
ing chartered by the Government. She
left here with a load of 330 horßes and
mules for Manila during the latter part of
August. She was caught in two typhoons,
during which her deckload was washed
away boats were smashed Into kindling
wood and the cargo of animals was so
badly injured that all but nineteen had to
be killed in order to put them out of
misery. On arriving at Manila Capaln
Raisich left the vessel and went home
Captain Valentine assumed command and
brought the vessel Into port. She left
Manila thirty-five days ago and had a
fairly good run across.
Of all the transports that have come
and gone from San Francisco the trip of
the Slam has been the most disastrous.
She was placed In quarantine on her ar
rival but will be released to-day.
The collier Washtenaw arrived in port
yesterday in tow of her sister ship, the
Matteawan. The Washtenaw left Comox.
B. C. with 4000 tons of coal on the Ist
inst. at noon. The next day at 10:30
a. m. when twenty-eight miles southeast
of Cap« Flattery, her tall shaft broke and
Captain Gllboy was compelled to anchor.
The steamer Lakrae came along and the
second officer of the collier went ashore in
her to bring assistance. In the meantime
the Matteawan hove in sight and, seeing
the signals of distress onthe Washtenaw,
went to her assistance. The disabled ves
sel was towed into Port Angeles and the
Matteawan went on to Tacoma and load
ed coal for San Francisco. On her way
back she picked up the disabled Wash
tenaw and brought her here. The run
down the coast was made in four days
eisrhten hours, which is one of the smart
est towing feats ever done on the coast.
Both vessels bring coal for the Southern
P The C Br°lt?s PP h a bark Invennajr and the
British ship Falls of Afton started on a
long ocean race Saturday last. Both ves
sels are bound for Quetnstown for orders,
and Captains Tittle and Lamont have a
friendly bet on the outcome. A sailor
named H. Jones deserted from the In :
vermay and then stole one of "Tommy"
Crowley's Whltehalls and attempted to
get some of his comrades ashore. Captain
Lamont scared him away with a blunder
buss, and yesterday Jones, fearing the
police were on bis track, shipped on the
Norfolk Island.
The steamer Charles Nelson started on
her first voyage to the Southern Seas
since being released as a transport. She
took a general cargo for Makaweli. on
the Island of Kaual. and will bring back
a cargo of sugar for Alexander & Baldwin.
The Nelson will make one more trip to the
Islands after this and will then go into
the Nome trade. The only passengers
who went out on the steamer were Mrs.
Lizzie Seaton. Mrs. Minnie Dill and Miss
Anderson, who are making a pleasure
tr T P he°transpo'rt St. Paul Is to be released
this week, and then the Alaska Commer
cial Company will send her to Unalaska
with stores. The vessel Is now, thanks
to Chief Officer T. Warner and Chief
Steward C. T. Ramsden. in as good order
as when she went on her trial trip. Chief
Steward Ramsden came" out here on the
Nippon Maru. but left that vessel to enter
the service of the Alaska Commercial
Company.
down, saw htm lying face downward oa
the recks below.
With the help of some Italian fishermen
who were in the locality, and who were
attracted to the scene by the cries of Miss
Brown, the young man was lifted from
his position In a semi-conscious condi
tion and taken to the life-savin? station.
Before the station was reached he had
recovered suQciently to walk without as
sistance, and after having hi 3 wounds
dressed he departed without leaving: his
name.
Had It not been for the watchfulness of
Miss Brown it is more than probable that
the stranger wouIS have been drowned by
the swiftly Incoming tide before he could
have recovered sufficiently to have extri
cated himself from the place In which
he was wedged between the rocks.
Found Dead in Bed.
Fred CTaus. a machinist, was found dead
in bed at 66 Minna street yesterday morn-
Ing. The deceased was a native of Ger
many, aged 24 years, and single. He bad
been suffering from an Injured hand for
some time previous to his death. Dr. Le
land. in making an autopsy, could not
ascertain for a certainty the cause of
death, consequently he had the stomach
removed and sent to the City Chemist for
analytic examination.
proportion of the plays? To what must
this moral proportion have been due?
4. What period is covered by Shake
speare's authorship? Why is It important
to determine the chronological order of
the plays?
5. Explain in general terms the extent to
which Shakespeare is indebtp'l to previous
writers for hia plots. Give illustrations.
»>. Write out six passages from "As You
Like It" and "Coriolanus" which you con
sider the Crest In these plays.
7. Sketch Rosalind as presented in "As
You Like It."
8. How do lasro and Richard 111 compare
as villains? Which is the more artistic?
Which Is the more cruel? Which Is the
more plausible?
9. What gTeat political problem Is pre
sented by "Coriolanus"? 19 the death of
Coriolanus necessary to the play? As
necessary as the death of Lear or Othello?
10. Write a brief account of the school*
of Shakespeare criticism.
Motorman Bates Rendered Unconscious by the Force of His Fall, a
Dozen Persons Are Hurled Out Into the Sand and Women
Faint From Fright.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
EXAMINATIONS.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the
courses. Candidates will be given three weeks in which to prepare their an
swers. Certificates will be granted in each course to students whose examin
ation papers meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all pa
pers to The Home Study Circle. The Call, San Francisco. Mark all papers
"Examination."
Note— Two papers are set In this exam
ination—paper I and paper 11. Each con
sists of ten questions. Candidates ars re
quired to answer at least six questions
from each paper. The first paper was pub
lished on Thursday last.
Paper 11.
LWe have a meager knowledge of
Shakespeare's personal history- Account
for this. How does It compare with cur
knowledge of other dramatists and poets
of Shakespeare's age? To what extent
may Shakespeare's plays be considered
autobiographic in their character?
2. Who was the great Impersonator cf
Shakespeare's time of the leading charac
ters of his plays? Comment on the edu
cation of Shakespeare as exhibited by his
plays. ,
3. Comment on Shakespeare s employ
ment of contrast. Give examples of it from
various plays. Wherein consists the moral
Directions— Write with Ink on white paper and or.ly on one sJde of each sheet.
The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the top of
each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than one course
should mall their examinations in separate packages. Mail the sheets without
rolling and with as little folding a3 possible. See that postage Is fully prepaid.
The name 3 of successful candidates will be arranged In three groups according
to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent. (2) good, (3) fair.
WAENEE'S EZMEDIES.
REAR END COLLISION AT THE
BEACH RESULTS IN A PANIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1900.
LESSONS DRAWN FROM
FATE OF AMY MURPHY
BEY. DR. WTXSON GEILLS HER
MORAL MURDERER,
Matrons of the City Warned of the
Dangers That Beset Their Daugh
ters at Every Hand.
The Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church contained an audience that filled
nearly every seat in the edifice when Rev.
J. A. B. Wilson arose to speak last niynt.
The unusually large outpouring- was due
to the fact that Mr. Wilson had an
nounced he would speak to the mothers
of the city on matters made particularly
vital at this time by the case of Amy
Murphy. There were many matrons in
the audience and all listened with attou
tion to the remarks of the pastor and the
ethers who 6poke. The minister an
nounced before he began his discourse
that next Sunday evening he would epefc-k
of the remedy for existing evils.
Dr. Wilson referred to the fact that a
legal cpinJon had been rendered to the ef
fect that Poulin, the moral murderer of
Amy Murphy, could not be punished uncVr
the existing statutes for his relations with
the girl. As he had done at the funeral,
the speaker intimated that the plan pur
sued in the South, of the good people tak
ing the law into their own hands, should
b* followed here. He asked what the stal
wart miners of forty years ago In San
Francisco would have done with men like
Poulin.
Mrs. Charlotte Edholm spoke of the va
rious snares that lay in the paths of young
girl? in clt'.es, ar.d said parents should be
more careful of their daughters. Mra.
Edholm declared that Intoxicating liquors
were the cause of much Iniquity.
Mrs. Clara Foltz made a short speech,
in which she said that reformers should
pay more attention to the young men and
stop this continual "harping on the girls."
Man was as good as woman, she said, and
no better. Woman was as good as man,
and no better. Mothers should teach their
boys to have the highest regard for
woman's purity.
As tn statutes. Mrs Foltz said she did
not believe any could be passed that could
reach the innermost recesses of a man's
heart.
y f^jJ^Slß^slpftjr^SMfc^^C'r^^SiS^n^JuLJ^j^^A
AMTJSZMEKTS.
"HOOT MON, Thej All Lore Jamie!"
THE Flffif WEEK OF
T^» Beyer* Comic Opera,
"THE
CmfMrVCBB THIS EVENING AT *.
WHAT DO YOU ~THJNK OF THIS?
£.1 IQZ PERSONS HAVE SEEN
0t).403 '"THE IDOL'S EYt" AT
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Telephone Bcch S.
BEGIMIKG TO-NIGHT,
SECOXT> WEEK OP" THE FAMOVS
BOSTONIANS
First Production on Ait Etace, THE
VICEROY.
A comic cpera. by
VICTOR HEREEP.T and HARRY B. SMITH.
The rr.ost ornate and complete Jyric presenta-
tion ever offereil.
Feb. I»-Laft week of THE DOSTOXIANB.
THE THfclH
GREATEST GREATEST
HIT! SUCCESS!
THE FRAWLEY COM PANT
Mafc.tr a Mac&Upcnt Impression la
AIN UiNCOINVbrs TiOiNAL
HONEYMOON.
HISS KEITH WAKEMAN" S TRTCMPH.
REMEMBER THE MATIXEE. By Special Re-
quest, "TRILBY." on Wednesday After-
noon. Feh. U.
Ar.3 the SPECIAL MATIXEE en Friday After-
nona, Feb. IS. "MADAME SAXS GENE,"
S*«tf< Now on Ba> for All Performances.
Sunday SOCbt. Feb. IS. the Funniest of Ail
Farce Ooraedie*. "WHO IS WHO."
EVERY ACT OF~THE NEW BILL
A WINNER !
CL*EH3XAJC HOLCOMBT: and CL'RTIS !n the
MnslesJ Cosjedy, "THE NEW TEACHER."
MONROE * MACK; ROMALO BROTHERS:
PEETS and DON; FRANK COFFIX: MR. and
MRS. PERKINS FISHER; IRENE FRANK-
LIN; EIOGRAPH.
LAST WEEK OF
FVVFMINTA.
Reserved Beats. ISc: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Bex Seats, tOc.
M*tlae«« Wefinewlay. Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
telephont: ilms 522.
THE EWEETEST STORY EVER TOLD.
OVERFLOWING HOUSES NIGHTLY.
ALL THIS WEEK.
fEOOND EDITION of Hendersra's Famous
ExtraTacarra.
A TALE OF A WONDERFUL LAMP.
PANEGYRICS UNNECESSARY. QUESTION
THOSE WHO HAVE SEEN IT.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Rfservefl Seat at Saturday Matlae* la
Orchestra. 2S cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Essporlusx.
<THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR TLAY HOUSE.)
PHOttE. StOVTtt 770.
EVERY EVENING AT 8:15.
MATINEE DAILY AT 2:15.
"AS IN REALITY"
THE?
JEFFRIES-SHARKEY
CONTE-T PICTURES.
I^ADIES" MATINEE TO-MORROW (TUES-
DAY). FREE ADMISSION.
Cfcr.te«t »iU fc*gln promptly as announced
owtr.r to the fisrfit coins the limit— twenty-five
rounds.
Matinee (jr^neral ainiiseicc). Isc ar.d 50c.
Evenir.CE (rewnM), 15c, JSe. Xc, tAc and 75c.
Come Early and Avoid the Rush.
ALCAZAR__THEATER.
TO-NIGHT L°u vu g H!
!The jolly Jarce from the Madison F-juart The-
ater. New York, entitled.
111! Susannah
"*tLl¥s* D 15c725c, 35c, 50c.
IATTNEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Xs» Week— 'THE- PRODIGAI* FATHER.** j
|! A rich, nourishing food B
M for brawn and brain ; api
RSfct^-l erage, to refresh 1]
k4£fe||L and entertain. &]
W/^L^i Civilization's !j
fe«j£sL^ latest product M
Ir3c§^3|r) high -class ar- fj
fcfeSJJ^S^ tides of food. M
iml*(Ls?fc At grocers — if
|||k, tjL D. GhirardelD Co. I
HkcocoaJ
KSUi \\ A ST«ICTLr PURE /HA
tar^aLJ\soujßt.E cocoa extract/ a!
IBe • * Tailor Suit, 1
Good IZt Cape. 3
to »fee» fee Fur Garment m
Yourself" *or Jacket. ¦*
3uW3yS
Purely vegetable, mild and reti&Ne. Ctaa*
perfect digestion, completa absorption and
healthful wralarity.
For the cure of ail disorders of th» Stomach.
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder. Femai* Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of Via
Internal Vlsc«ra- Ec a box. At Druggists, oa
by maU, BADWAT * CO., New TocH
5In the evening the delegates were
entertained at an elaborate banquet
tendered them by the Verein . Eln
tracht Turner Section, at which two
hundred members, together with their
lady friends, participated.
William Sheppler presided at the
feast, and besides tho discussion of an
excellent menu the guests were also
entertained with a fine programme of
music and speeches. The Blnging sec
tion • of ¦ the verein opened the pro
gramme with a German song, which
earned a well merited encore. The in
troductory speech ¦ was delivered by
Adolph Becker, who welcomed the as
sembled guests in a brief but happy
vein. Albert Curlin told of the devel
opment of the Pacific Bezirk, and
Hugo Otter described the good accom
plished by the North American Tur
ner Bund.
After the speeches ' had been con
cluded the following musical numbers
were rendered: Piano solo. Miss A.
Millers; comic recitation. Max Kruse;
zither selections, Columbia Zither
Club; recitations, H. F. Stahl, C. Lor
entz, H. Roland and W. v Jahne. Danc
ing was then indulged in until a late
.hour to the music of a string orches
tra.
The committee of arrangements , to
which much of the success of the af
fair was due, was Arnold Freund. Al
bert Kulnz© and. W. Sheppler. .
THE Pacific Turn Bezlrk held its
annual convention in • Verein
Elntracht Hall. 237 Twelfth
street, yesterday. There were
sixty delegates In attendance, repre
senting the various vereins throughout
the State. The main business Itran
sacted was the reading of reports of
officers, all of which showed the or
ganization to be in a flourishing con
dition. The following officers were
elected to serve during the convention,
at the end of which permanent officers
will be elected to serve for the ensu
ing term : Albert Curlin of Oakland,
president: J. Simon of Stockton, vice
president; F. Fisher of San Francisco,
first secretary; Herman Pflug of Oak
land,: secretary; William Sheppler,
treasurer. - - • -r —*-£'-'<.,•
Tanforan Park Entries.
Racing will be resumed at Tanfornn
Park this afternoon with the following
card of entries:
First race— Five and a. half furlongs; maiden
thre*-year-oldg.
TlB Red Cherry IST rO6 Caesar Young... :i»
C7S Frank Kuhry--.11- 750 li>aline 107
... Lona IC7 ... Minister 107
718 Mildred Hughes.lu7 ZZ2 Un Cadeau 112
722 Bagdad W> C" March 5even. ...112
... La Borgia 107 737 St. Germain. ..'..lo9
706 La Amiga 107 ... Formatus IP7
610 GolSflnder 10 711 Beautiful Bill. -.112
492 Lirzle Long 107 C 7% Tomale lw
iOB GlocoßO K>». 71S Free Pass 107
Second race — Six furlongs; thre«-year-olds
cr.d upward; selling.
762 2?ska 86; ... FauFtura 107
642 Sllvertall 100 fC. r .2)TlEona 96
€20 The Wooer 100 <C7C)Pongo 106
630 Morelia *«: 704 Manzanllla 101
746 Lew Znra »; ... Loch Katrine... S«
704 Meadowltrk ....102 ... Captive 106
<737) Matt Hogan fc« ... Tampa 106
765 Katie Gibbons... J-Si 764 lnverary II ....106
760 Uterj> 8V
Third race— Fix lurlonts; three-year-oldi and
upward; selling.
647 Genua 9t\ 766 Ben Ledl 106
(740) Montgomery 103 i CS9 El Kstro 105
7^3 Jennie Reid lOl'i^OJlngle Jing1e. ...104
647 Alienate 105 766 Vlorls 98
<764)Alarla ** Tea Lady Drltannic.lol
<ce2)Maxello 107
Fourth race— Ore mile; three- year-olds and
upward; purse.
(7TS)Potente 112 C747)OMnthus 104
CCI Oeveer 107 (739) Headwater 104
C6l Zoroaster 111, 637 White Fern 103
Fifth race— Three end a half furlongs; two
year-old*; pur»e.
<70S)Sofala 113 743 On Time 105
722 Intrada 100 CoS M. F. Tarpey..lOs
7o« Wardmaa 100 6M Lily Dlggi 100
722 Publlaie 100 608 Bride Ale 100
7*3 Woeful :03l
Sixth race — Six furlongs ; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
€91 Weterwlck 104] 63$ Gusto 107
CBS Harry Corby — 111 C.GS Devereux 107
7iO Harry Thatcher.KHl
Selections for To-Day.
First rac«— Artllla, Isali&e. Barflad.
Second race— Matt Hocan, Kaustura. Loci
Katrine.
Third race— Jlnrle Jingle. Ben Led!. Mont
comery.
Fourth race — Gejrer, Potente. Zoroaster.
Fifth race— lL F. Tarpey, Bofala. LJly D!?ga
Sixth race— Devereux, Harry Corby. Water
wick.
PACE IS TOO HOT.
Six Contestants in the Six-Day Go-as-
You-Please Race Quit.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 11.— The fast pace set
in tho six-day go-as-you-please walking
contest during the first twenty-four
hours proved too severe a strain upon six
of the competitors, and they dropped out.
At 11 o'clock to-night Frank Hart, the
renowned colored walker, had a lead of
six miles over his nearest competitor,
Hegelman. and was going strong. The
score at 11 o'clock:
Hegelman, 118 miles 4 laps: Hart, 124
miles 3 laps; Cox, 116 miles 3 laps; Glick.
116 miles 12 laps: Graham. S9 miles 15
laps; Day, 100 miles 9 laps; Dean, 112 miles
13 laps; Campania, 99 miles 5 laps; Barnes
109 miles 2 laps; Pratt, 81 miles, 6 laps.
MARKSMEN
HAVE FINE
DAY'S SPORT
J. E. German Beats a World's
Record With Pistol at
Fifty Yards.
J. E. GORMAN.
A large number of crack rifle and pistol
shots gathered at the Shell Mound Park
ranges yesterday. Though the condition?
were all favorable for phenomenal scores
the strong light was very trying to the
«*yes, which militated somewhat against
high averages. The best shooting was
done after 3 o'clock, when a littie bre<"-ze,
which had been stirring all day, died dov.-n
and the light softened, so that belter
scores were made.
J. E. Gorman of the Golden Gate Club
broke a world's record of 469. held by
C. C. Partridge of Boston, by making a
score of 471 in five ten-shot? with pistol at
fifty yards. The scores in detail were 95,
V 7. 94. y3 and !*2. A. li. Darrell scored S9
for the club medal.
Following are the individual scores of
the marksmen lor the various event?:
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein monthly
medal shoot: Champion clas«— l). B. Faktor.
432; first class — li. Stettin. 4'S; second class—
AupuFt Jungblut. "SO; third ciass— David Sal
fleld. S3B; fourth clays. John Lankenau. 373;
hest first shot, George Schulz, 2i; best last
tlint William Marken, 25.
German Schuetzen Club monthly medal shoot:
First champion c!a*s — I). B. Faktor, 221; second
<-han-.pi<m clacs — H. Huber, 215: first class— J.
F. Bridges, i'f'3: second class, P. Heise. 203;
best first t,hot, F. Bust, 21; best last shot, D.
iialflrld. 25.
I^eutecher Krieger Verein in monthly bulls
eye shoot: First rriKe. F. Kaisfr; second prize.
X. Sil^en=ohn; third prize. C. Myer; fourth
I#riw. O. Damrm-r.
Independent Itifies monthly medal shoot:
Captain I^. Schneider. 35; G. K^llenberper, 30;
<\ Frederickson, 27; H. Gaetgen Jr.. 21; I>r.
W. MfierOierks. 41; E. Helmk». <0; A. Diet
rirh. 21; H. Mfisner. 11; H. Kuhlke. 39; Lieu
tenant E. Moenniry:. 43; C. Iverson, 2S; J.
Murtha. 36; C. Gilberson. 37; A. Wolfpram. 11.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Clvb — Gold
medal: F. K. Mason, 216. 226. 2t:; F. E. Bel
knap. 217. tU.
Silver m"dal: A. B. Darrell, 105. 20*. 211. 222.
214. 221; C. M. Henderson. SOS, 205, 205; J. F.
Bridges. 216. CO; O. Bremer. 207.
Buphnrl! medal: P. E. Mason. 224, 223, 216;
D. \V. ilcLauglilin, 220. 21"). 236; F. V. Schuster.
217.
Nonldeutycher Srhuetzen Club in monthly
bullseye shoot: John G^fken. 355; H. RteliinE.
446; C K. Rust. f.SS; Captain J. Thode, 7(14;
O. Sehinkel. 731: John D. Helse. 739; D. Sal
flel<3. 7is; F. P. Schuster. 922; H. Huber. 1312;
L. Brune 1O6; I>. Schlnkri, 1437; J. Lankenau,
14<»; A. Hohmann. 1479; G. Schulz. 1498.
RACING-COURSING * SPORTS OF THE DAY * BOXING-SHOOTING
Poolrooms Denounced.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. IL— The- pool
rooms were the subject of denunciation
again to-night from most of the pulpits
In the city. The ordinance prohibiting
pool selling, in the city except at race
tracks during: raco meetings will come up
for final action of the City Trustees to
morrow night, and it is understood ther©
will be five votes In - Its favor to four
against It -w_^.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA.
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodlslao and Special
Tonic for the Sexual OrßanaO rB ana for both sexeiT^
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid.
neys and Bladder. Bells on Us own aerttaT^
NABER. ALFS & BRUNB. Agents.
g» Market street. 8. F.— <Send f or Circular*.
BLIZZARD SWEEPS OVER
STATE OF COLORADO
As Yet Bailroad Traffic Has Not Been
Seriously Affected, but Is
Threatened.
DENVER. Feb. 11.— A blizzard is sweep
ing over Colorado. The central and north
ern portions of the State are in the
throes of the storm, which is gradually
moving southward. Snow has been fall
ing in the mountains nearly all day, with
no prospect of Immediate abatement. As
yet railroad traffic has not been affected
to any great extent, but a continuance of
the etorm will seriously Interfere with it
Reports from Southern Wyoming and
Western Nebraska are to the effect that a
blizzard has been raging in that vicinity
to-day and la continuing.
Needle in His Foot.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. Feb. 11.— Joseph Shulte
Jr.. a prominent business man of this city,
while dressing on Tuesday morning
stepped on something sharp, and upon
Investigation found he had run a needle
Into his foot. He pulled it out and thought
no more of it, but the foot continued to
pain him greatly, and upon careful exam
ination It was found a portion of the
needle had broken off and remained In the
loot. Although It has as yet been impos
sible to extract the bit of eteel no serious
EXCITING SCENES AT
FUNERAL OF A NIHILIST
Bed Flags Are Waved Over the Grave
and the Police Charge the
Tumultuous Throng.
PARIS, Feb. 11.— The funeral of the
Russian Nihilist, Peter Lavorosi, to-day
was the occasion of a big royalistic dem
onstration/ Delegates representing asso
ciations in all parts of Europe attended
and marched in a long, tumultuous pre
cession from the late residence of the de
ceased, on Rue St. Jacques,. to the ceme
tery of Mont Parnasse.
The advance of the demonstration was
marked by unceasing shouts of "Vivo le
commune!" and "Vive l'anarchie!" and
the singing of "La Carmagnole" and other
revolutionist songs. The procession was
headed by Rene Vivian!,- Radical Socialist,
one of the Deputies for the Department
of the Seine, and a half-dozen other So
cialist members of the Chamber.
When the cemetery was reached a num
ber of red fiags were produced and waved.
The police tried to seize these and sev
eral free fights ensued. The uproar lasted
until M. Vlvianl induced. the police to re
turn the flags on condition that they
should not be again unfurled. Then fol
lowed a score of addresses at the grave
side by French Deputies, Russian pro
fessors and others, several students be
ing among the speakers. Ultimately the
assembly dispersed without disorder.
BRYAN AND SULZER.
Ticket Advocated by Congressman
Bidgeley of Kansas.
CHICAGO, Feb. 11.— Congressman Ridge
ley of Kansas, who is here to attend the
anti-trust conference, is an open advocate
of Congressman Sulzer for Vice Presi
dent. ?i3,V
"The West wants Sulzer," said he. "Sul
zer has made a fight for the Chicago plat
form in New York City and has increased
his majority. »» nen others in New York
doubted whether 16 to 1 was a proper pol
icy he proclaimed it. He is the strongest
candidate ' the Democracy ¦ could name
with Bryan upon the national ticket."
Congressman Sulzer, when questioned
upon the matter, said: .
"I am not a candidate for the nomina
tion. I have been always a loyal soldier
In the Democratic ranks and have re
sponded to all demands made upon me. I
advocated the Chicago platform when It
exposed me to ridicule! and> abuse. . I
fought the people's battle and I am
fighting it new."
THIEVING PORTER.
Stole Small Parcels of Mail Matter
at the Hartman Hotel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOLLISTER, Feb. 11.— George Nevlns.
alias Blife, was arrested here last nlgnt
by Sheriff Croxon upon'a charge of rifling
the United States mail. Nevlns was em
ployed as porter at the Hartman Hotel,
from which mail and small packages have
been continually disappearing. -
About Christmas a card, case and silk
muffler sent to W. J. Biggy, Police Com
missioner, went astray after leaving the
postofflce. Last night Biggy walked into
the hotel and was greeted by the porter
wearing the muffler. Papers found on the
man showed him to be a noted crook and
that he had pawned a number of stolen
articles. H© will plead guilty. - to the
¦ ¦ »
The keen-edged proverb is a crosscut
saw. ¦;:.•:";.
I W UI guarantee
Jc&jtZtyZ^K t* 4l m 7m 7 Kidney Cnra
lISSglgJHjJ'CSgi^ will cura 80 per cent.
jjs^ " s ««2?. cf all forma of kidney
jSy >KS| oomplalnt and la
tfifclaP maa T Instances the
T? *Q' U &?2w most serious forms, of
X. Y%3T Bright* • disease. II
/yjgk\YS the disease la com-
R«^iraF plicated Bead a fonr-
jfi&w, V*HrS ounca rial cf nrtae.
#eKjT~Es*ys^ We will analyze U
I^^*3sSß&*JMy < * n <l *<ivls» 70a Irea
'At an firuMliti. 230. a TtaL Gold* to Health
and mefltcal «dTice <r*». 1508 Arch st.. Phlla. J
BROOKLYN NAVY-YARD
VISITED BY FIRE
Electrical Equipment Department
Damaged to the Extent of
About $100,000. >
NEW YORK. Feb. 11.— Building No. 7
in the Brooklyn navy-yard, occupied by
the electrical equipment department, -was
destroyed by "fire to-day/The loss is $100.
000 equally divided between the build
ing and machinery. A large quantity of
valuable records were saved, which Ad
miral Philip said would have involved a
task of about ten years to replace. ; .*v
The fire is believed to have been caused
by a defective electric light wire, and
started about 2 p. m. Admiral Philip him
self took charge of the forces that fought
the flames, and received several cuts
about the face from broken glass.
Admiral Philip will, it is said, recom
mend the establishment of a regular fire
department at the navy-yard.
m
GOUTHE-SOULARD
MAY BE CENSURED
Cabinet Council Held in Paris to Con-
sider the Action of the
Archbishop.
PARIS, Feb. 12.— A Cabinet council was
held yesterday to consider the means of
giving satisfaction to those who consider
that the action of the Archbishop of Alx,
Monslgnor Gouthe-Soulard, cannot go un
answered.* The language of the Arch
bishop in his letter to the Assumption or
gan La Croix is considered beyond all
reason, and it is felt that the Government
should censure the ecclesiastic.
The Ministers agreed upon the neces
sity of placing upon the table of the
Chamber of Deputies a bill modifying the
clauses of the Penal Code and enabling
them to take action, so as to prevent
similar incidents in the future.
CLAIMS AGAINST MEXICO.
American Woman Asks Damages for
Death of Her Husband.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 11.— The
Times special from Wichita. Kans.. says:
Mrs. Edward Turner of this city has
taken the Initial steps toward presenting
a claim against the republic, of Mexico
for damages for the death of her hus
band. Turner was until three years ago
a railroad engineer here. He went to
the Mexican Central Railroad, and being
In a wreck In which three Mexicans were
killed was imprisoned at Orizaba. He could
not get a hearing, it is alleged, and was
transferred from Orizaba to Vera Cruz
some time ago on account of HI health,
and there died the 2Sth of last month.
Mrs. Turner's letters from her husband
are said to contain evidence that he re
ceived very cruel treatment at the hands
of the Mexican officials.
BURIED WITH HONORS.
Body of Captain John S. Stewart Is
-Laid to Its Best.
PUEBLO. Colo., Feb. 11.— With all the
honors that State and city, Grand Army
veterans, soldiers of the Spanish War,
Masonic bodies and citizens could give,
the body of Captain John S. Stewart of
Company A, First Colorado Volunteers,
was laid to rest in Riverviey Cemetery
this afternoon. Captain Stewart was
killed in the Mariquina Valley, near Ma
nila, March 25 last, while leading his com
pany in a charge against a Filipino posi
tion. The body has just been returned
to his home, where, though but a young
man, he had earned the respect and ad
miration of all.
Fireman Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STOCKTON. Feb. 11.— Christopher Wclf.
a hoseman attached to Hose Company No.
1 of the fire department, fell down a shaft
in the engine-house this morning and died
of his injuries a few hours later. The de
partment responded to ah alarm at about
2 a. m. and Wolf returned with the com
pany. After retiring he got up, and in a
drowsy condition evidently lost his bear-
Ings and fell down the pole shaft. He
was picked up unconscious and died at
about 8 o'clock without regaining con
sciousness. PISH
Clever Pictures of the Championship Fight.
f-ii 3IIE adherents of Boxers Jeffries and Sharkey were
afforded their first opportunity yesterday of pass
j[ Ing judgment on the championship battle which took
place between the two herculean boxers at Coney
Island last November. The marvelous moving pictures
which were taken of the battle by the American Muto
scope and Biograph Company were displayed at the Al
hambra Theater yesterday afternoon and evening. The
theater was thronged to the doors on each occasion.
As usual after all boxing matches, the spectators were
divided in their opinions, although the majority thought
the worst Sharkey should have received was a draw. The
pictures show every incident of the fight, excepting that
of Jeffries losing his glove in the last round. The inci
dent happened just as the film was exhausted in the cam
era and before it could be replaced the fight was over
and Jeffries was receiving the congratulations of his
friends. The pictures are so realistic that the spectators,
viewing the mimic battle on canvas, often forget them
selves. They cheered Sharkey last night when he went
relentlessly after his burly opponent, and throughout the
exhibition they did not lose one single bit of the clever-
ness shown by either man.
There are many exciting moments In th» twenty-five
rounds during which the men fought. For the major part
of the time Sharkey was the aggressor, while Jeffries
clinched and held on. The champion was slow to start
throughout, but did some effective work. In the second
round he knocked Sharkey down, but the sailor was up in
stantly as full of fight as ever. Jeffries drew first blood
from Sharkey's left ear in the eighth round and opened
a deep gash over his left eye .in the tenth. He opened
this wound repeatedly and blood could be seen on Shar
key's cheek and neck. Jeffries assumes the offensive
after the twentieth round, and although he staggers the
sailor several . times Sharkey walks to his corner with
jaunty steps. The pictures are a study alike for those
interested in boxing and for those who never saw a bout.
The former can Judge for themselves as to the merits of
the battle, while the latter can see every move incidental
to a fight. In addition to the two gladiators there are
other celebrities on view,
Tom O'Rourke, Tim McGrath and George Dixon appear
assisting Sharkey , while Billy Delaney, Tommy Ryan,
Ernest Koeber and Jack Jeffries handle Champion Jeffries.
beat T. A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott, 16—5:
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Rosie Claire beat J.
Carroll's Bluestone, 6—l;6 — 1; D. Toland's Pleasant
Girl beat J. Rouning's Dempsey Lass. 3—2;3 — 2;
J. H. Perigo'B Controller-beat Lynch & Foulkes*
Banister. »— 1; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman beat
Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara, 5—2; J. Dean's
Mialmo beat J. Seggerson's Candelaria, IS — 2;
Conneli Bros.' Log Boy beat E. M. Kellogg's
Lady Gllmore. 7—l; John Strehl's Three Cheers
beat G. Lahusen's Firefly. 10 — 2.
Second round — Ben's Babe beat Wandering
Tom, IS— 10; Pretty Girl beat Black Bess, 9—2;
Firm Foe beat Glen Chloe, 3—2; Lucretia Borgia
beat Gold Hill. 6—4; Auckland beat Manila,
s—o; Julius Caesar beat Sleety Mist, 6—5;
Hawker beat Belle Claire, 9—7; Lily of the
West beat Tea Rose. 6—l: Rosie Claire beat
Morning Glory, 10—6; Pleasant Girl beat Con
troller. 13 — 7; Statesman beat Mialmo, 6—o;6 — 0;
Log Boy beat Three Cheers, 4—3.
Third round— Pretty Girl beat Ben's Babe,
6—o; Firm Foe beat Lucretia Borgia, 12-^;
Julius Caesar beat Auckland, 5—4; Lily of the
"West beat Hawker. 7—3; Pleasant Girl beat
Rosie Claire. 6—2; Statesman beat Log Boy,
6—o.
Fourth round — Pretty Girl beat Firm Foe,
2S — I; Julius Caesar beat Lily of the West.
7—3; Statesman beat Pleasant Girl, 4—3.4 — 3.
Final — Pretty Girl withdrawn; Statesman
beat Julius Caesar, B—*.
FOR FREEDOM INJURED.
J. H. Rosseter's greyhound For Free
dom, which won the John Grace cup last
year and was being trained to defend his
title to it again this year, has been in-
Jured. On Saturday night while m his
kennel he caught one of his toes in some
manner, and in trying to free himsolf
wrenched one of the nails of his right
forefoot out by the roots. The wound v/ill
hardly heal in time for him to be in proper
condition for the big stake, which will be
run at Union Park on tho 24th and 25th
inst.
?
SCRAMENTO COURSING.
Winning: Lassie beat Kerry Gow; Robin Adalr
beat Shootover; Rowdy Boy beat St. Elmo;
Prince of Fashion beat Wheel of Fortune:
Fireball beat Glen Roy: Sarah Gold beat Joker;
Clipper beat Peaceful Glen.
Third round— Old Glory beat Winning Lassie;
Shootover beat Rowdy Boy; Prince of Fashion
beat Glen Roy; Sarah Gold beat Peaceful Glen.
Fourth round— Old Glory beat Shootover;
Glen Roy beat Sarah Gold.
Final— Glen Roy beat Old Glory.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 11.— In to-day's
coursing Reta D yon the Mayor Clark
trophy, Teddy Halt^ second, Elcho third
and Black Thorn fourth. This Is the third
time the cup has been won by O'Nell &
Hanrahan's kennel, and It becomes their
permanent property.
STOCKTON COURSING.
STOCKTON. Feb. 11.— The results at
Goodwater Grove to-day were:
First round— Old Glory beat Forgive; Xon
pareil beat Lowlander; Winning Lassie beat
Salvator; Kerry . Gow beat Blue Jacket:
Robin Adalr beat Sly; Shootover beat Hazel
L; Rowdy Boy beat Port Costa Lass; St. Elmo
beat Rough Rider: Prince oC Fashion beat
Anna Held; Wheel of Fortune beat Kitty
Wells; Fireball beat Alberta; Glen Roy beat
Kingston Boy; Sarah Gold beat Cash In;
Joker beat Sunbeam; Clipper beat Duke of Oak
Grove; Peaceful Glen beat Iron Duke.
Second round— Old Glory beat Lowlander;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCULLERS WILL COMPETE
FOR A SPECIAL MEDAL
THE Pioneer Rowing Club received
last Sunday from George Alpers.
one of its members, a handsome
medal to be contested for by the
scullers in outrigger skiffs. The medal is
distinctively a rowing
(fl\ v trophy, and carries all
f^W-wkn /.«. i=*-A the appropriate em
tQijHrtgtjQ^tg) blems of the oarsman.
tV* -wiJ it Is of gold, with the
J™, jfyt club colors in enamel.
t H Q£££u£?(tir*^ The rules governing
«cr»-n» i aw ¦ contests for the medal
/jA _ ¦ „ "H are that it must be
5&-'-'?!>—x£~^£p won three times by a
member before it can
vi\ c^Tm7 become his property.
VA pS&U!/ Th e first race will be
Y^fes == 3%» r on the second Sunday
A%t& in April. The competl
/otg=^^ tion promises to be
//^^** i--'>:i --'> :: «=cir T> >\^ keen, for some of the
// a -*-*« best men In the club
II /g^ I] have already entered
\\ '""J^i 1 . "" // an< i more have signi-
YV J^sii'' // ned their intention to
rfc^TSY'Su'f "A come In. Those al
?*&&$£&& ready entered are: C.
V jfci^S#s3S* L- Ochs. George Col
/rrZzy&'xL lopy. H. Wilde. Dan
9 9^rr Q Leahy. J. Klunder. T.
Sands, Fred Orr and R. Collopy.
THRONGS VIEW THE MIMIC BATTLE
BETWEEN JEFFRIES AND SHARKEY
RONA IS A
SURPRISE AT
UNION PARK
Wins the Open Stake Cleverly
From Lowe & Thomp
i son's Flora McDonald.
One of the largest crowds that ever en
tered the gates of the Union Coursing
Park witnessed a great day's sport there
yesterday. There was not an unsatisfac
tory trial throughout the day, strong
hares testing the speed and the cleverness
of the dogs in all the courses. H. H.
Gray's black and white greyhound Rona
surprised the wise bettors by winning the
deciding course of the stake, with Lowe
& Thompson's Flora McDonald runner-up.
The winner was 20 to 1 in the long-odds
book on Saturday, while Flora McDonald
was first chalked up 50 to 1.
Kona beat Kid McCoy S-2. Jessica 4-0,
J L X 4-2. Theron 4-2, Mac's Melody 5-3
and Flora McDonald 6-2. Rona led to tho
hare. h«T opponent showing unmistakable
signs of weariness, stumbling once in
making a turn. In the run up between
Rona and Mac's Melody the. latter was
bumped heavily once and thrown out of
her stride for a moment.
The most decided upset of the day was
the defeat of Cavalier by E. Gearys prom
ising young dog Ireland. The former was
favorite at 6 to 1. Hurricane beat Car
mencita at 5 to 2; Mac's Melody beat For
set 2 to 1; Rona beat Kid McCoy at the
fame odds; Random Aim beat Sara at 5
to 1; Mamie Pleasant beat Hot Haste at
3 to 1; Rona beat Mac's Melody at 5 to 2.
The betting throughout the day was ex
ceptionally heavy, over $50,000 passing
through the hands of the poolsellers. The
detailed results, with the official scores,
follow:
Open stake, first round— J. R. Smith's Syl
vanus beat Pasha Kennels" Royal Anne, S— l;
J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat C. B. Charleworth's
Crawford Braes, 6—5; Curtis & Son's Vanity
Fair beat Joe Watkins' Gladiator, s—o; E.
Geary's Ireland beat Curtis & Son's Cavalier,
6—2; Maher & Reid's Nrllie Bawn beat D.
Morgan's Americus. 16—2; Ed Evatt's Hurri
cane beat R. E. de B. Lopoz's Carmencita,
13—10; J. R. Smith's Magic beat Curtis &
Sen's McKlnley, 6—o; J. H. Smith's Petroniut.
beat H. H. Gray's Terronette, 5—3;5 — 3; Banels
Bros.' Mac's Melody beat J. P. Thrift's Forget,
I—3; George Whitney's Theron beat 11.I 1 . Cronin's
Master Gordon, 7—o; P. J. Reilly's Grafter
beat Cuitis & Son's Terronite, 9—6;9 — 6; Curtis &
Son's Cash beat J. Martenet's Bill Fester.
s—o; H. H. Gray's Rona beat E. M. Kellogg' s
Kid McCoy, S— 2; J. L. Ross' Jessica beat H.
Lynch's Lexington. 3—l;3 — 1; J. L. Ross' J L li
ran a bye with McKlnley, as Terrona was
withdrawn; J. U. Smith's Jennie Wilson beat
Conneli Bros.' Dunmore. 23— IS; Conn^ll Bros."
St. Helen beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Peplta,
7—3;7 — 3; Curtis & Son's Narcissus beat P. Mc-
Cabe's Sky Blue. 9—5; Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Master Olair beat I). Winders' Risky
Attempt, i— l; P. J. Reilly's Warship beat E.
M. Keilogg's lowa Maid. s—o; Lowe & Thomp
son's Flora McDonald beat Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Chicago Boy, 6—2; D. Winders' Ran
dom Aim beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara, 4—3;
Conneli Bros." Mamie Pleasant b*at T. J.
Cronin's Depend On Me, 10—2; J. H. Harrison's
Hot Haste beat Bartels Bros.' Border's Best,
10-0. '
Second round— Brutus beat Sylvanus, T— l;
Ireland beat Vanity Fair. 4—2; Hurricane beat
Nellie Bawn, 12—4; Mac's Melody beat Magic,
ii — it: Theron beat Petronius, 7—o; Cash beat
Grafter. 9— €; Rona beat Jessica, 4—o; JL R
ran a. bye, as Jennie Wilson was withdrawn;
St. Helen beat Narcissus. 4—2:4 — 2: Master Clair
beat Warship. S — •: Flora McDonald beat Ran
dom Aim. 6— o; Mamie Pleasant beat Hot
Haste. 36—9.
Third round— Brutus beat Ireland, 4—o; Mac's
Melody beat Hurricane. 7—o;7 — 0; Theron beat Cash.
7—l; Rona beat J L R. 4—2; Master Clair beat
St. Helen, 4—l; Flora McDonald beat Mamie
Plea?ant, 4—l.
Fourth round — Mac's Melody beat Brutus,
4—l: Rona beat Theron. 4—2; Flora McDon
ald beat Master Clair. S— 6.
Fifth round— Rona beat Mac's Melody, 5—3;
Flora McDonald ran a bye with Gladiator.
Final— Rona beat Flora McDonald, 6-2.
m
PRIZES NOT PAID
AT SAN MATEO PARK
The deciding round of the stake at San
Mateo Coursing Park was not run, there
being no money in sight for the prize
winners. >liss Grizzle and St. Anthony
divided whatever honors attached to the
last two dogs remaining in the stake.
The troubles of the park officials com
menced early in the day, when it was an
nounced that Manager D. J. Tobln was ill
and would not be present. W. O. Elmer,
who was in charge of the pool boxes, re
fused to put his men to work, as there
were no facilities for handling the bet
ting. Attaches ol the park finally started
the coursing with one pool box in opera
tion. The coursing went along without a
ripple on the. surface until just before the
linal course. It was then learned that
one of the officials of the park had left
with all the money made during the day.
Andrew Dean, the judge, and Arthur Mas
gey, the slipper, learned of the turn affairs
had taken and refused to act. No one in
authority could be found who would as
sume any responsibility.
There was no demonstration, the em
ployes and the prize-winners who were
not provided for taking the matter philo
sophically. Some small boys turned what
hares were on hand into the field and
about twenty dogs were libertated in pur
suit of them. In the attendant confusion
a number of hares escaped. The coursing
throughout the day was of the most or
dinary quality, the hares being slow. The
results in detail follow:
First round— T. Locan's Loah beat J. Marte
net's Bernal Boy; B. Wood's Black Night beat
J. Martenet's Bernal Chief; E. Casserly'g Lady
Blanche beat L>. Wiegin's Dexter P; W. C.
Glasson's Sleigh Bells l»eat M. London's Shar
key; T. Logan's Miss Grizzle beat R. E. de
B. Lopez's McGregor; M. London's Battle Ax
b^at W. N. Hoac's Lady Norborne: R. E. de
B. Lopez's Marl>ouga]l beat W. O. Rimer's
Fair Florence; W. H. Lord's Revolver beat N.
P. Whiting's Minneola; T. Sullivan's Maid of
the Hill beat J. Keenan's Royal Oak; F. A.
McComb's Miss Skyrocket beat G. Abercrom
ble's Preacher; G. Abererombie'n Victor King
beat A. Harbin's Queen Kelp; J. Dean's Gallant
beat S. R. Mount's Sara's Folly; G. Abercrom
ble's Rock Island Boy beat E. Baumeister's
Winning Ways; F. A. MrComb's One Spot beat
J. Martenet's Slim; M. London's Magneto beat
M. Dunlea's Fenian Boy; G. Abercrombie's
Miss Rabbit beat J. O'.Shea's Golden Gate: J.
O'Shea's Toung Firenzl beat J. Farley's Pa
triot; N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony beat C. S.
Appleby's Sir Pasha; E. Haumeister's Warrior
beat M. J. Welch's Hadlwist: D. E. Wiley's
May Girl beat R. Pringle's Honor Bright; M.
Tiernan's Mary Ann beat J. Keenan's Black
lock: H. E. de B. Lopez's Mike Davey beat J.
C. Smith's Sensation.
Second round— L^ah beat Black Night: Sleigh
Brlls beat Lady Blanche; Miss Grizzle beat
Battle Ax; Revolver beat MacDoueall; Miss
Skyrocket beat Maid of the Hill; Gallant beat
Victor Kins; One Spot beat Rock Island Boy-
Magneto Iwat Young Flrenzl; St. Anthony beat
Miss Rabbit; Warrior beat May Girl; Mary Ann
l*?at Mike Davey: Rlgby beat Susie. •
Third round— Sleich Bells beat Leah; Miss
Grizzle beat Revolver; Miss Skyrocket beat
Gallant: Magneto beat One Spot; St. Anthony
beat Warrior; Risrby beat Mary Ann.
Fourth round— Miss Grizzle beat Sleigh Bells-
Mlfs Skyrocket beat Magneto; St. Anthony beat
Rlgby.
Fifth round— Miss Grizzle beat Miss Sky
rocket: St. Anthony a bye. Miss Grizzle and
St. Anthony divided the stake.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
J. I. O'Brien's Statesman won the final
in the open stake at Ingleside Coursing
Park yesterday, with Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Julius Caesar as runner-up.
Pretty Girl was withdrawn after the
fourth tie, after receiving injuries which
prevented her running in the final. The
attendance was good. The day's results
follow:
Open stake, nrst round— E. 11. Kellogg's
Ben's Babe beat 11. A. Deckelman's Flyaway
7—l;7 — I; J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom beat O
J. OUen's Sunburst, 7—5: J. H. Perlgo's Pretty
Girl beat A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty, B—o-
James Dlckson's Black Bess beat John Finn's
Johnnie F, 8—I;8 — I; H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe
beat S. .V. -O' Nell's Queen Kelp, 9— 5; A. L
Austin's Firm Foe beat M. J. Dougherty's
Springfield Boy, 8—1: J. Seguerson's Gold Hill
beat D. Toland's Twilight Jr. 7—5: P. Horgan's
Lucretia Botgia beat M. J. Dougherty's Hart
ford Lass. 6—2; J. Carroll's Auckland beat P
M. Clarkson's Black Hawk, s—l: P. Horgan's
Manila beat H. A. Deckelman'* Prince George,
15—10; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Belle Claire
beat J. Strehl's Jimmle Cork. 16—2; Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Julius Caesar beat Larkey
& Rock's LJb^rty Bell, 9—7; Kay Bros.' Hawker
beat.J. Etrehl's Moonlight Chippie, 6^-0; Eterl
& Knowles' Eleety Mist beat J. Mooney's Silent
Treasure, S— 6; T. Murphy's Tea Rose beat E.
M. Kellogg's Hummer. 4—o; E. D. Fallon's
Lily of the West beat H. G.- Nichols* May
.Herschel, 6^; J. J. Edmond'a Morning Glory
EXPERTS DO
GOOD WORK
AT HANDBALL
Four-Handed Game at Ryan's
Court Pleased the On-
Lookers.
At Phil Ryan's handball court at 853
Howard street no less than eleven games
were played yesterday. The event of tho
day was the four-handed game in which
M. J. Kilgallon. R. Linehan, J. Harlow
and J. White played. Kilgallon and Line
han won out on the following score:
21. 7, 21, 21 against 4, 21. 14, 17. White was
off in his play, while Harlow did some
excellent handwork, which brought from
the spectators rounds of applause.
The other players made the following
scores:
O. Curtis and H. Smith n « 21
P. Hlntz and F. Turpln » 21 11
M. McNeil and D. RodKers 21 14 21
G. McDonald and P. McKlnnon 12 21 13
H. J. Rogers and B. Clements 21 21 21
E. J. Murphy and I*. Kenny 14 10 17
C. Smith and P. Munz 21 13 21
C. Lakin and B. Ennls 13 21 13
G. Braun and J. J. Canaran 21 11 21
J. M. Collier and F. Greenwood 14 21 19
W. Fisher and E. J. Murphy 21 13 21
11. J. Rogers and J. Condon 19 21 IS
G. Smith and J. Condon 21 15 21
A. McVlcker and T. Foley 18 21 13
W. Fisher and W. Hassell 21 21 17
E. Antron and D. Regan IS 15 21
TV. Magutre and E. Curley 21 21 17 21
E. Toy and R. Hausman 19 20 21 20
R. Resit and E. White... 21 21 16
A. Whlteman and T. Serres 14 17 21
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1900.
DATE AND
PLACE NOT
SELECTED
Promoters of the Big Fight
Appear to Be Hopelessly
at Sea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NETVTORK.Feb.iI.— If James J. Corbett
and James J. Jeffries have any idea of
fighting for the heavy-weight champion
ship of the world In the arena of the Sea
side Athletic Club of Coney Island "Tom"
O'Rourke. manager of the organization,
has no knowledge of the big fellows" in
tention. O'Rourke told The Call repre
sentative to-day that he had heard noth
ing from Corbett. Jeffries or their man- '
agers since it was announced that the ;
men would fight before the National Ath
letic Club of San Francisco.
"The Seaside Athletic Club would like to
have the match," paid O'Rourke, "but Its
bid of 60 per cent of the gross receipts 13
linal. The fighters will have to accept
that or fight elsewhere. Any date except ¦'
April 10 or any other day in Holy Week !
will suit us. If the men want to fight in
April let them select some day after
Easter Sunday. If Jeffries insists on hav
ing the contest take place on May 14, that
date will be perfectly satisfactory to us."
J. (Jr. Glbbs, manager of the National
Athletic Club of San Francisco, says the
club will bring suit for $5000 forfeit
money. The $5000 Glbbs refers to was
posted by Jeffries and Corbett with "AT*
Smith when they signed the articles to
fight a month ago. Each principal agreed:
to forfeit J2SCO should he fall to live up to
any agreement they had mads with a
Club securing the cojitest.
Wlt&£s^ CHURCH
s^SiPhil FURHITURZ
OUR METHODS,
REMEDIES,
And Appliances hare been a success
for more than nineteen years. W»
cure all diseases and weakness of
men. Consultation and advice free at
office or by mail. If you cannot see
our doctors write for free private book,
diagnosis sheet, prices, etc. Home
cures a specialty. Letters confidential.
NO IN'CCKABLE OASES %
TAKEN AT ANT ?KICE.
Cures Sent Safely by Mall or Express.
OUR BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE. |
Patients may deposit the price of a
cure In any San Francisco bank, to ba
paid only after they are well, or may pay
in monthly installments. We us* no In-
jurious medicines <jr electric belta, «
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
jjSSßsp^Bji BITPTITRIi 1
WHEN we «y **RUKnJiU3 CURSSf wm
mean It, for It Is a fact that thousand* of cars*
bay« been accomplished by Dr. Pierws World.
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS durtsc th* pact
tTrenty-flv« years. There ts nothing •!¦• ltt» i a
on eartb! It does the work! . Har* received m
many letters and te«tlmonlals that we hardly
know what to do with them all. If raptured in*
vestlrate at once. Oar prices ar» reasonable-
but not cheax>. We make no discounts. "Dr.
Pierces " la THE truso, and you cannot b«
happy till yon get tt.
You can «et our "BOOKIjET No. 1~ for not*.
lot; by calling; at the office, or tt will be sent ta
you on receipt of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all
about this TRUSS. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS GO..
•20 Market street. SAN FRANCISCO. ' t
65 Tribune bulldtnt;. NEW YORK.
vtsiT DR, JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Q) isai iuszz; rr. tet. m?x ay. cv.
C7^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe
World. Weako«se» or any contracted
lfci?iypl divase p*illl««-l 7 e>r«»<t hy the oldsjt
rlSc^fi DR - JO R 3AN-PBiyATE DISEASES
JWmB Consultation fr»e and *rkt!r private
A Jfe§^*C M Trtitmeni personally or b» 1«te». A
8 U Hit ***•'"* Cvr * ln ««nr eve undertakes.
Fit Illr Wr >«ef<>' Book, pnaosoravti
(l 11^ ¦»HI«iaCK, MAILSO FKEB. «A
(I (1 ' vaiuaUo book for mm)
08. JUBDA3T A CO.. 1051 Market St.. a. F.
PACIFIC TURN BEZIRK
ANNUAL CONVENTION
fr FAVOR3TE
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
6Berkeley Church News.
BERKELEY. Feb. 11.— At the First Uni
tarian Church this morning Rev. F. L.
Hoomcr epoke upon "Hearsay and Vision
in Religion." Rev. C. K. Jenness of Trin
ity M. E. Church spoke upon "Evolution
Applied to Religion, and "Good but not
Christian." was the subject of Dr. Mln
ton'* sermon in the First Presbyterian
Church in the morning. "Sin" was the
text in tae evening. Rev. Ben F. Sargent
of .the North Congregational Church
ppotoe of "A Picture and a Sermon." In
the #vening a quartet from the University
Y. Z(. C. A. held a platform service.
At the First Baptist Church Rev. R. L.
Haleey spoke in the morning upon "The
Epistle of Christ," and In the evening
upon "The Transformation of Man."
Operation Proves Fatal.
Mrs. Louis Welsgerber died yestprday at
St. Luke's Hospital as the result of an
operation performed for tumor of the
stomach. The deceased had been a suf
ferer from the malady for some time and
had for the last month been under the
care of Dr. Kenyon. Her husband did
not think that the operation, which was
found to be necessary a few days ago,
would prove fatal, and when the news
reached him at his p.ace of business on
Third street, near Market; about 10
o'clock last evening, he was almost over
come by the shock. The funeral arrange
ments have not yet been decided upon.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER. ;
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO S. 8. "PORTLAND. .April X, 1900
FROM SEATTLE 8. S. "DORA" April S). UOO
1 ..OM SAN FRANCISCO 8. B. "RAINIER" May 10. 1300
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO s. 8. "ST. PAUL." May 2Stn
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Etary Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FIIOM SEATTLE ..8. 3. "BERTHA." commencing April StS
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
For n»w folders, maps and further particular* as to freight and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY. 110 Sansom* street. San Francisco. Cat.
For Seattle salUngs apply to CAPT. JAB. CARROLL. Mutual Ufa BuUtUnc Scattla,WuX
Mrs. Hearst's concert.
BERKELEY. Feb. 11.— At Mrs. Phebe
A. Hearst's concert this afternoon, in
Hearst Hall, which was for the mem
bers of the Junior class of the University
of California, the following programme
was rendered:
String quartet. Fatz, In C minor. Op. posth.
<Fchut»ert). allegro assai: song. "IVirml Bella,
I.>orml tv?" <LSattlcta. Busc&nt). 1657-171* ; so
nata in A minor, Od. (Schumann), for plano
fcrt* and violin, Mlks Constance Jordan and
H«-nry Holn»*«: unnrn, <a) "Oh*rry Rip*"
<Hnrn), <h) "Flow G«ntly Sw*et Afton" (Spll
man); rtrln« *)uart*t In B flat. No. «. Op. IS
<BM>thovMi), alleirrn eon brio, adagio ma non
troppo, whirzo, all»pro. La Maltnconla. ada
g-10, allegretto, quart allegro, prestissimo.
Those who took part were: Henry
Holmes, first violin: Hother Wismer, «ec
or.d %inlln; Armand Salomon, viola; Theo
dore Mansfeldt. violoncello. Mlbs Con
stance Jordan accompanied on the piano.
The vocalist was Mrs. Charles Olcott
Richards.
With a German inventor's device the
liquid can be readily and easily strained
from fruit, a pair of vertical arms being
attached to the sides of a tub to carry
an elongated straining net, which 13
twisted by a crank at one end to squeeze
the contents.
Not Half Bad.
"Lovely" Is an admirable word. It has
a meaning which Is all its own. There are
times when no other combination of
sounds will tell the story as well. But
there are women to whom everything that
pleases them Is "lovely." from a beau to
a spring hat or from a sermon to an oys
ter stew. To make matters worse, every
thing which pleases is "perfectly lovely."
Everything which does not is "perfectly
awful." It Is a relief, after listening to an
overseasoned exclamatory conversation of
this kind to listen to English people prais
ing somemlnc In the negative, semi-de
preciatory way— to be told that something
is "not half bad" Instead of "perfectly
splendid."— Chicago Tribune.
SIX FUNERALS.
Five Volunteers and One Begular
Buried at the Presidio.
The funeral of six of the dead from
Manila drew the Presidio crowds to the
cemetery yesterday. Five of the dead
were members of the old First California
Volunteers, and the sixth was -Thomas
Thompson of the Third United States Ar
tillery, who died In the islands and was
sent to his last rest on the hill with his
volunteer comrades.
The five volunteers were SergeantyC. B.
Lemon of Company B, Guy W. Packer
and Anton B. Mlson of Company C. Jo
seph* J. Towne of Company D, and John
J. Bowman of Company G. Members of
the companies named, some in uniform
and some without, made up the greater
portion of the train that followed the
bodies. They were all burled together In
the National Cemetery.
Lemmon a Councilman.
OAKLAND. F*»b. 11.— Mayor Snow to
r.lght announced the appointment of Pro
fessor John G. Lemmon as Councilman at
large, to succeed the late Charles H.
Kramrn.
The appointment will prove an unprece
dented surprise in political circles. If for
r.o other reason than that the appointee
has ever held himself absolutely aloof
from everything that savors of politics.
He has never held an offlce and has never
aspired to one.
The n«"w Councilman at large has been
a resident of Oakland the past twenty
y<=ars. He is about 50 years old, a grad
uate of Ann Arbor. M!ch., a prominent
membr of Porter Pout, G. A. R., and
]>ader in the Telegraph-avenue Improve
ment Club. He is represented as a man
• specially favoring improvements, but
conservative and ready to listen to the
combined wisdom of the various improve
ment clube and the City Council, and not
anxious to run the city Into debt, yet
ready to vote bonds for streets, schools,
jiarks ar.d wharves. He has no business
that takes him out of the city, and gives
the assurance that he will now devote
much time to municipal affairs.
English Anti-Cigarette League.
We learn from the Newcastle Chronicle
that one of the latest developments of the
young women's movement is the forma
tion of an anti-cigarette league among
the lady students of schools and college <*
to discourage the use of cigarettes amonj
the boys of their acquaintance. They
pledge themselves to detest the odor of
nicotine, not to give presents of articles
connected with the use of tobacco, and In
other ways "which girls know well how
to employ" to discountenance the us* of
a pernicious weed which is now so com
mon. The last clause of the pledge is
ominous, especially at the present time.
when the mistletoe season Is at hand. It
will be noticed that the constitution of
the new league Is delightfully vague, as
becomes "articles of association" drawn
up by ladles. Cigarettes are to be denied
to boys, but the prohibition does not seem
to apply to the damsels themselves. And
with the announcement of the formation
of this society comes a letter from a
schoolmistress deploring that In her own
and other similar genteel establishment*!
she finds that the practice among the far
pupils of smoking daintily perfumed
cigarettes "on the sly" Is becoming alarm
ingly common.— London Illustrated News.
BODY OF DUNSMUIR
IS COMING HOME
OAKLAND. Feb. 11.— The body of Alex
ander Dunsmuir. the coal king, who died
in Nf'W York, will arrive in Oakland to
morrow afternoon, accompanied by the
•wirfow. Mrs. Josephine Dunsmuir. The
body will be taken to an undertaker's and
Dot to Mr. L>unsmuir"s home near San
L*-andro. The liodv will remain at tha
undertaker's until Wednesday afternoon,
when tho funeral will take place from the
«rurch of the Advent in East Oakland.
The interment will be In Mountain View
Cexneterr* The details of the funeral will
not be arranged until the arrival of the
viiiow with the body to-morrow.
Mrs. Dunsmulr did not wish the funeral
to take place from the new home near
San L«-andro and will not have the body
i;.ken there at all. It will remain in Oak
land until the funeral. The great place
r.'ar San Leandro is not fully completed,
hnii when Mr. Dunsmuir left a few
months ago it was with the intention of
not returning until everything was in
rtadinesss and h<> could bring back and
Introduce to the world the woman he had
Mcrctly married a doz^n years ago, the
ff-crecy r^lng maintained to preserve to
liinwlf his estates ajrainst a restrictive
tiause In his mother's will.
SECOND SERIES OF
RELIGIOUS LECTURES
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— The success of the
"Congress of Religions," under the au
spices of the Young People's Religious
Union, at the First Unitarian Church, has
been so pronounced, both in interest and
attendance, that a second series has been
announced. The claims of Judaism, Ca
tholicism, Protestant orthodoxy and a lib
eral religion have occupied the past four
Sundays. The second series will include
the following: February IS. "The Claims
of Spiritualism on the Modern World," by
Mrs. R. S. Lillle of New York; February
25. "The Claims of Vedantlsm." by Swaml
Vive Kananda of India; March 4, "The
Claims of Theosophy." by W. L. Ducey of
Michigan; March 11. "The Claims of
Christian Science," by D. F. J. Fluno.
SWORD THICK
That Astonished an American Visi-
tor to a Store in Madrid.
"Of all the cities I have visited m
Europe '* said R. A. Btlnson. of Boston.
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel. "I found Ma
drid one of the most interesting. It has
a number of out of the way features that
appeal to one. For Instance, take the
Rastro, which Is a street In one of the
lower sections of the city wholly given
over to the purchase and sale of second
hand articles. I U3«d to spend a good
deal of time there. There are two— l
think three— equestrian statues In Madrid
that depict a horse that has since become
obsolete. It ia the horse of the Middle
Ages, that carried not only the rider clad
in armor but armor on the horse as well.
With the' giving up of the use of armor,
thla particular horse's mission in life
came to an end, and he disappeared from
off the surface of the earth, and the only
memory of him left is In an occasional
equestrian statue or picture of that date.
I was in Madrid I tried to pur
chase one of the famous Toledo blades.
The old-fa»hlone<S two-hand aword waa
what I wanted to get. one of those that
were built to cut through armor and
which fulfilled their mission completely,
as many a bloody battlefield In ye an
cient days bore testimony. I had to give
It up on aeount of the expense. They cost
from $1 60 up, but while I was looking ft)r
one a shopkeeper showed me a most
scientific trick- His store was very lofty,
running up two or three stories, and was
descanting on the beauties of this partic
ular sword, when. In order to prove the
perfect temper of the metal, he drove the
point into the floor and bent the blade
until hilt and 'point met. He then sud
denly released the hilt and the six feet
of gleaming sword sprang up Into the air
like a thing alive. Up and up It went, al
most to tne lofty ceiling Itself, when It
lost Its Impetus and began Its descent
hilt first. It returned almost to the place
whence It started, the shopkeeper catch
ing It by the hilt with practiced ease and
returning It to its case. I waa crazy to
try It myself, but the owner refused to
allow me, as he thought I would probably
not only wreck the store but perhaps in
jure myself as well. He told me that if
I wanted to learn the trick I had better
practice it In a large open lot, and that
a suit of armor wouldn t be a bad thing
to wear nntll I got the hang ot It."— New
York Tribune.
THREE POLICEMEN
GET TWO CROOKS
OAKLAND. Feb. 11.— Louis Jackson and
Charles Clark, two hoboes with a pen
chant for petty larceny, went beyond
their limit to-day and are now locked up
In the City Prison on a charge of burg
lary.
They entered the room of William Law
son at the corner of Third and Franklin
streets this evening and stole a satchel
containing a suit of clothes and a check
for $60. Several other inmates of the
place saw the thieves departing with
their plunder and notified the police. Po
licemen Moore. Hamerton and Kyte were
detailed on the case. They found the
burglars hiding in a lumber yard at Sec
ond and Clay streets. They had the
stolen property In their possession.
Jackson Is 42 years of age and Clark is
61. They have both been arrested many
times before on petty charges.
CHURCHES OBSERVED
LINCOLN'S BIRTHDAY
OAKLAND. Feb. 11.— Union Defender's
Pay, the annivf-rpafV of the birth of Abra
ham Lincoln, was observed at the First
M*thodlst Episcopal Church this evening.
The *t*»rvires were conducted by Rev. Ell
MoClish, D. D., himself a veteran of the
civil war. The local posts of the Grand
Army of the Republic, the Sons of Vet
«rans and the Woman's Relief Corps and
kindred organizations attended in a booy.
The services were held under the auspices
of Colonel E. D. Baker Camp No. 5. Sor.s
of Veterans, and the subject of Rev. Me-
OliFh's address was "The Life and Char
acter of Abraham Lincoln." Similar ser
vices were held at the Thirty-fourth street
Methodist Episcopal Church.
At the First Baptist Church to-n'ght
th* Hon. Theodore D. Kanouse. an orator
of distinguished ability, delivered an ad
dress on the pubject of temperance.
Professor Lloyd occupied the pulpit of
Pilgrim Congregational Church to-day.
The trustees of the church have receive i
c letter from Rev. R. H. Brookes, for four
years in charge of the church at Eueene,
Or., accepting a call, to succeed Rev. J. R,
Knocell. her* 1 .
Rev. Guy W. Wadsworth, president of
thf Occidental Collepe. occupied the pul
pit at the Centpr.nial Presbyterian Church
to-day, preaching on the subject of "Fam
ily Relltrion."
Rev. W. H. L. ORorke. chaplain of the
Seamen's Institute. San Francisco, deliv
ered a sermon at the Church ot the Ad
vent this morning. , . .. i, •-'.-
Oakland Office of the San Francisco Call, 1118 Broadway, Feb. 11.
AN eloping couple, closely pursued by the bride's irate mother, were mar
ried in the lecture room of the First Christian Church this morning. The
elopers were Frederick Hart, son of James Hart, one of the wealthiest
ranchers of Colusa County, and Miss Dolly Holloway, an elocutionist of
considerable note and superintendent of the Christian Sunday-school of Wood
land. Yolo County.
The big church organ had Just begun pealing forth its voluntary for the
morning service, the congregation had become fairly seated and Rev. Guy
W. Smith, the pastor, was about to make his usual opening announcement,
when he was suddenly summoned to the lecture room, where the nervous
groom and the blushing bride were promptly united.
As Rev. Mr. Smith pronounced the concluding words of the nuptial cere
mony a rustle of skirts, a cry of dismay and a sudden opening of a door
announced the arrival of the bride's irate mother, Mrs. A. Holloway, who had
hurried all the way from her Woodland home in the hope of thwarting the
marriage, as she had done last Wednesday. But alas! she was too late and
the knot that God had tied could not now be untied, her remonstrances avail
ing nothing. For the bride, her daugnter, Mrs. Holloway expressed a
mother's sorrow for a girl that had left a happy home. For the groom she
had little more than a marble heart and a cold glance of vindictiveness that
foreshadowed a total eclipse of all hope of a mother-in-law's blessing or re
conciliation. Then the organ's voluntary ceased and the pastor had to hurry
to his pulpit, while the happy bride and groom left the scene, followed by
the angry mother-in-law.
Young Mr. Hart had held many secret meetings with the pretty brunette
Sunday-school mistress of W r oodland. Many times he hurried over from his
home in Princeton to press his suit and the Sunday-school mistress' soft
hands. And Mrs. Holloway was kept in almost total Ignorance until early In
the week she unearthed a plan whereby her daughter and the wealthy
young rancher were to be married at Sacramento last Wednesday. Her ef
forts to thwart the union were crowned with success on that occasion, but
the lovers became only the more determined. Yesterday Mr. Hart came
down and secured the marriage license In this Gretna Green and this morn
ing the Woodland Sunday-school mistress was missing. Her absence now has
been accounted for. The young couple will make their home on the big
ranch, which the groom has been managing for his father.
The bride is a decided brunette, with large black eyes. She possesses re
markable talent as an elocutionist and is popularly known from Sacramento
to Red Bluff on account of the many entertainments she has given In aid of
charity. Her brother, Dr. E. S. Holloway, is a leading dentist of Yolo
SENATOR BARD
WILL HURRY ON
TO WASHINGTON
Mrs. Kearney of 1309 Dolores street her
purse, containing some money. Donly is
an old offender and has been behind the
bars before for various offenses. He was
charged at the Central station with grand
larceny. .......
Leaves Here To-Day
for Mare Island.
RECEPTIONS IN HIS HONOR
HIS NEIGHBORS WILL GIVE HIM
AN OVATION.
As Soon as Ec Can Arrange His Busi
ness Affairs in the South He Will
Leave fcr the National
Capital.
Senator Bard spent yesterday resting
after the fatigue of the contest at Sacra
mento and the reception Saturday night
at the Union League Club. To-day he will
leave the city for Mare Island, where he
will make himself familiar with the situa
tion at the naval station. He will take
the night train Tuesday for Fresno, and
upon his arrival there Wednesday will be
tendered a reception by the citizens of
that place. He will arrive at Ventura in
the evening, where another public dem
onstration is being arranged in his honor.
From Ventura he will go to his home at
Hueneme. His neighbors are preparing
to give him an ovation. After spending
sufficient time at his home to arrange
business affairs he will go to Los Angeles
for a like purpose,
Mr. Bard will take no time to recuperate
before starting for the national capital.
He states that he believes his duty and
the Interests of the State, call him to
Washington as soon as he can possibly
get there, and he is not going to consult
his personal conveniences in arranging
the date of his departure. With the. re
ception to the distinguished southerner
at the Union League Club Saturday even
ing the atmosphere seems to have been
cleared in a measure of politics. While
apparently the whole Legislature moved to
this city for the time being none of the
members are inclined to "talk shop." They
assert that they came here to forget their
troubles in the pleasures that San Fran
cisco affords. They all agree that the
certainty of Republican success In Cali
fornia will arise Phoenlxllke from the
ashes of the late Senatorial. contest.
VENTURANS PREPARE TO
WELCOME SENATOR BARD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, Feb. 11.— A rousing recep
tion will be tendered Senator-elect Thom
as R. Bard of Hueneme in this city
Wednesday afternoon. A mass-meeting of
citizens was held last night at the City
Hall, when it was unanimously decided
that the affair should be made a memor
able one. A committee will meet Senator
Bard at Santa Paula.
A reception committee of fifty prom
inent citizens, representing all sections of
the county, will greet the Senator at the
depot, and, accompanied by the Huenome.
OJai Valley. Santa Paula and Ventura
city bands, escort the honored guest to the
Hotel Rose. A minute salute of cannon
will be. fired upon Senator Bard's arrival.
Captain A. W. Brown will be marshal of
the day. The reception will be held at the
Hotel Rose from 2 to 4 o'clock. Large del
egations from the country towns will be
present. The committee on arrangements
is preparing to make It an elaborate but
informal affair.
INJUSTICE OF
ENGLAND'S WAR
ON THE BOERS
Stinging Sermon by
Rev. Guy Smith.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 11.
"The Course of England From a Scrip
tural Standpoint" was the subject of Rev.
Guy W. Smith's sermon at the First
Christian Church this evening. He said
in part:
"We find ourselves at a great disadvan
tage in considering the course of England
with reference to the war in South Africa,
having to depend for our information
upon very unreliable sources. I have no
desire to call in question the motives of
that great nation in waging war with an
almost unknown and uuneard of republic
in the south of the dark continent, but to
deal with facts that are beyond all ques
tion of a doubt.
"Whatever may have been the principles
involved that lea to a declaration of war,
it Is an offense against civilization and
acalnst God that it ia continued. We are
all familiar with the arguments that it is
oppression; that life is being sacrificed to
no purpose; homes are shrouded In gloom
and mourning; hearts are broken and lips
are quivering with sorrow that will never
again know the smile of Joy — and yet
England stands to-day guilty of a far
worse crime than oppression. By the un
necefsary shedding of blood in the rav
p.ges of "war she is doing that for which
God's word arraigns a man aa worse than
an Infidel.
"While England Is spending vast mil
lions to carry on this war against the
Boers millions of her subjects are starv
ing to death for the necessaries of life.
Oh! what man among us who has life
enough to contend with his fellow man
would not hide his head in shame if his
neighbors were compelled to support his
children; and yet England goes on to war,
with a deaf ear to the err for bread and
permits appeals to be made to her neigh
bors to support her starving subjects.
"We are compelled to lift our voices In
protest and cry shame upon such a
course. I believe It Is the duty of every
Christian to help suffering humanity, but
while America is ministering to the needs
of English subjects upon English soil we
should demand that she stay at home and
take care of her family or else get out."
FRIEND'S FIRST
SERMON WAS A
GREAT SUCCESS
Preached to a Large
Congregation.
•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Feb. 11.
Prrbably tne largest and certainly the
most cosmopolitan audience that has
gathered in an Oakland sacred edifice In
y-^ars appeared In the First Presbyterian
Church *o-nlght to hear William Nat
Frier. 1 prea:.i his first sermon. Not only
were all the seats filled, but the aisles
also were crowded.
The congregation included professional
mcr. religious men, — 'onhanlcs, clerks,
saloon-keepers and In fact men from
every walk in life. It was estimated
that there were almost 2000 people pres
ent. At the conclusion of the services Mr.
Friend was tendered a spontaneous ova
tion, which was participated in by almost
everybody in tae church.
"I aon't need to introduce you to the
gentleman who Is going to fill the pulpit
of this church to-night," said Rev. Dr.
Coyle, the pastor. "Mr. Friend is prob
ably' better known to the people of Oak
land that I am. He has been in the law
and newspaper business, but wherever he
has been ne has maintained his cleanness
of mind and action and he has a host of
friends equal to his exceedingly wide
acquaintance. He is a young man who Is
genial, broad-minded and of great In
tegrity, a young man to whom it gives me
great pleasure to pay this tribute. This
is the first time Mr. Friend has ever
preached, but I feel confident that even
those who expect the most from him will
not be disappointed." ¦*..¦••.>-
The delivery of the young ecclesiastical
student was perfect. He preached with
out the aid of notes or manuscript and
throughout the discourse he held the rapt
attention of his large audience. For a
text Mr. Friend took the quotation, "Why
follow Christ?"' From It he deducted a
logical and eloquent sermon. '--; -~ ;-".
"The young man of fashion seeks pleas
ure instead of religion," ho said. "The
man who accumulates riches is a seeker
after gold and makes It his one aim. So
engrossed is he in gathering it he does
not know the undertaker will one day
come around." Mr. Friend then gave his
idea of the politicians in whose ranks he
was once numbered.
"And now down the avenue comes the
politician. He is a grand fellow to grasp
your hand, and you loosen the bond of
sympathy within you at once and prom
ise him your vote before he has even ask
ed for it. But he is done with you then.
All you catch is a smile as he scurries
across the street after another, and an
other man like yourself. All day and
through the night he keeps up his tire
some grind of welcome. Year in and year
out he Is at it. His family have him only
toward the early morning hours. He gets
an office or he controls the patronage of
a Governor. The best years of his life go
to the effort and then there comes an
evil day. Another takes his place and he
struggles against the slow tortures of po
litical death and is laid away in the po
litical cemetery— put away on the shelf of
desire— a worn and back number, good for
nothing to himself, his family and his
friends. His goal, his hppe, his ideal has
been reached all too soon, and he cries
out aloud in his misery those famous
words which Shakespeare put In the
mouth of Cardinal Wolsey. the politician
Prince of Henry v ill, 'Had I but served
my God with half the zeal I served my
king he would not in my age have left me
naked to mine enemies.' We should look
for everlasting life as well* as earthly
things. Life eternal does not begin over
the great beyond. It commenced here and
in the cradle." -¦ , ;> -' -:^ -
Mr. Friend Implored his hearers to
think of their future and concluded by
asking them not to judge his remarks
from an oratorical standpoint, but to con
sider the meaning which he attempted to
convey. , , ,
His Initial appearance In the pulpit was
so successful he will shortly address an
audience in San Francisco.
SEES MILLIONS
OF ANGELS WITH
HIS NAKED EYE
The New Religion of
"Prophet" Smith.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 11.— The police ambu
lance was sent down to Alameda Point
last night to fetch an old man, known as)
"Prophet" Smith, who was reported to be
dying In a hovel there, to the Receiving
Hospital. The police met with a vigorous
protest from Smith against being re
moved to any hospital. He said he hod
no intention of dying Just at presnt and
could get along all right If left alone.
"Prophet" Smith lives In an old hulk.
which carries the burdensome nam* of
Central Pacific. The boat leaks so t>adly
that the owner has to sail It principally
on dry land to keep it from foundering.
A mast with ruasa like a ladder sticks
up at one end of the craft. Smith climbs
to the top of this mast every morning to
pray, as he is particularly religious. His
idea is to get as near heaven as possible.
When the boat is risked In deep water,
which is seldom. It will sail In only one di
rection, and that the direction of the tide.
"The Religion of the Messiah" Is. the
name of a new sect founded by the- old
man. It consists of three decrees, the
titles of which he cannot divulge. The
word of God. he says, is directly commu
nicated to him, and he Is endowed with
unlimited powers. Things are revealed to
him Just as they were to the old prophets.
If people would follow his teachings they,
would live forever.
"Heaven is revealed to me." said Smith
to-day, "and I can see millions of angels
flying around space with my naked eye.
They are everywhere. God talks with me
every day or two. When he wants me he
asks in a deep voice, 'Is that you. Smith?
I am your God. I want to talk to you.'
and then he tella me how to direct the
people. That's why I've got this boat.
It's to hold religious meetings on. All can
not get this religion I preach, as it is only
for a select few. The location of rich gold
mines in Alaska Is known only to me. and
knowledge of untold wealth all over the
world has been revealed to me.
"I was on the earth 7000 years ago, and
when I ascend to heaven I will stay there
7000 years before I came back to Ala
meda."
SALVATION BY
PROXY IS BUT
A DELUSION
Claims of Liberal Re
ligion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Calt.
- v; 1118 Broadway, Feb. 11.
The First Unitarian Church was again
crowded to the doors to-night when Rev.
Benjamin Fay Mills delivered the laat lec
ture of the first series at the "Conirreas
of Religions." His theme was "The
Claims of Liberal Religion on the Modern
World." He said In part:
Liberal religion Is not dogmatism. It Is not
indifference. It Is not negation. It is not ln
definlttness. It may be denned as such a con
fidence in the divine soul and the manifesta
tion of that soul in men at this stage of human
progress as to lead a man to cast himself on
his dlvinest Impulses, In full assurance that
this will bring him necessary knowledge, con
tinual progress and right relationship with his
fellows.
There Is a sense in which this religion makes
no claims on the modern world. It 1* simply a
question as to whether the modern world has
grown sufficiently to appreciate It.
So.r.e ono well says that men worship God
socially and transact their business Individ
ually, while the fact is that they should
transact their business socially and let their
religion be a concern for the Individual. No
man can be "saved" by any religion Imposed
from without, but only by the development of
knowledge and character In himself. Salvation
by proxy Is a delusion.
It believes that "Time makes ancient rood
uncouth." and that "They must upward still
and onward who would ke*p abreast of truth."
A man may attend a liberal church, he may
have had Unitarian ancestors, he may believe
what he considers liberal doctrine, but all these
will not make him worthy of the name unless
he trows In all that constitutes a man.
The liberal man can recognize the spiritual
In nature and worship it with the pantheist:
he may believe in the Immanence of God and
rejoice In It with the Buddhist: he may recog
nize the continuity of divine revelation with
the Catholic, and he may emphasize the right
of private Judgment with the Protestant, and
yet believe that his religion transcends all
these. While he believes that all the truth
ever In the world la here now he knows there
ir yet more to be discovered, and fearlessly
consecrates himself to search for It and find
It wherever he may.
I can see good In every form Of religion for
the people who are Interested in it. As Lin
coln said: "If you like that sort of thing,
that Is the sort of thin* you like." They have
all grown out of us and may rrow out of us
still. If you were born a Jew and see In
the doctrines and forma of Judaism the high
est of which you are now capable, then be a
good Jew. If you hunger for authority In re
ligion and that seems to you the highest ex
pression of which you can conceive, then you
wculd naturally be a Catholic I never said,
as reported, that I had any Idea of becoming
a Catholic, but I Drefer to emphasize the good
characteristics of others rather than to search
for their defects.
If you believe in th» traditional rlewa of the
Bible and regard it as a once-for-all. ultimate
revelation of God, and are satisfied that your
duty calls you to surrender your will to lt«
precepts, then you may well be an orthodox
Protestant, and I hop* you will be a good
one. But if you are a free soul, or wish to
be if you b«lieve that a man may discern in
his own soul sufficient Msht to lead to his
spiritual development If he will but follow
it: if you beli*v» in the evolution of the soul
and that humanity possesses the power to pro
duce better and better religious expressions and
activities with the passim; sies: tf you be
lieve In the progress of the race, in the human
ity of God and the divinity of man. If you
thick that love Is a sufficient remedy for all
woes In all worlds in all a*es. If you will
endeavor to live the lovln* life. If you want
to "Look up and not down, look forward and
not back, look out and not In." and to "L*nd
a hand.' then we say "Coma on!" and hold
out welcoming hands to the (freat fraternity
of those who believe above all things In truth,
freedom, prosress and love.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1900.
FIXING OF THE
WATER RATES
NOW TO BEGIN
Roberts' Wells as a
Side Issue.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 1L
The big annual fifeht over water rates
begins to-morrow night. At that time
the Council In committee of the whole
meets to attack this question, but what
will be done no one knows. Councilman
Cuvellier desired that the matter be taken
out of the hands of the Fire and Water
CommitK-e, of which he is chairman, and
placed in the caxe of the committee of th*
whole.
Thi» year there will be two points to be
fought- One. the water rates proper, and
the other, the tests of the Roberts wells.
Which issue will cloud the other remain*
to be S6*n.
As there will be no report from the
Water Committee to begin upon it will be
necessary to work from the present ordi
nance, which was adopted a year ago by
this Council. An effort will be made by
some of the Councilmen to force a meter
rate, and President Watkinson of the City
Council says that it would co6t $175,000 to
jUt meters in the city, and he will object
to that. This meter move seems to be.
tibout the only new proposition that will
l-e presented on this occasion.
Those in the Council who hoped to make
c substantial move toward municipal own
*-rt-hip will turn their attention to the
teeta of the Roberts wells, and there will
be much paid upon the points already
given in The Call— that George L. Dlll
msn was a Contra Costa Water Company's
?TRineer, and the claims made by the
Seventh Ward Municipal Ownership
League.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN BTEAMER.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 11-Btmr Alm. for
Port au Prince, etc MSB
Preparing Him for the Worst.
"I had a cheerful experience the other
day," remarked a gentleman who had
spent several days at one of the springs
for rheumatism.
"What was it?" asked the observer.
"I was carried into a depot near the
springs and deposited on a seat near an
old lady, who looked at me with a com
placent smile and Inquired: 'Been hurt?'
" 'Yes
" 'Water do you any good?"
"'Not much.'
"¦'Well, lots of people come here for the
water. The patient returns home and the
papers announce that Mr. So-and-So has
returned from, the springs much improved
by the use of the water; but if you read
the papers, In a few days you will see
that Mr. So-and-So has died and has been
buried.* The conversation was too cheer
ful to be continued."— Columbus Dispatch.
HOLD-UP FAILS.
Train-Robbers Foiled by the Quick
Wit of the Engineers.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 11.— A Times
special from Perry. O. T., says: An at
tempt to hold up south bound train No.
405 on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway was made last night Just
after the train left the coal chute a mile
north of Perry at 9:45. Some one pulled
the bell cord and the train was slowing
down when the engineer noticed several
masked men standing near the track. The
engineer opened the throttle and the train
dashed by the would-be robbers, who
made a futile attempt to board it. Offi
cers are in pursuit of the robbers.
Fruit-Growers to Meet.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NAPA, Feb. IL— The fruit-growers In
this vicinity have decided to Join the
California Fruit-Growers' Association^
and a meetng Ms been called for next
Wednesday, February 14, at the Court
house here, to perfect a permanent or
ganization of the association for Xapa
County. On Saturday, February 17, Judge
W. H. Aiken of Santa Cruz, the State or
ganizer will address the orchardlsts of
Napa County on the merits of the new
State association. The local organization
here is being fathered by William Hunter,
S. M. Tool, W. H. Atkinson. W. M. Fisher
and Leonard Coates. These gentlemen
are all prominent orchardista of this lo
cality.
Very Mysterious Murder.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 11.— J. Schutz, a
wealthy wine dealer, was shot and mor
tally wounded to-night while seated in
his parlor at his nome near Clayton.
Who the would-be murderer is or why
the attempt on Mr. Schutz's life was
made are regarded as mysterious. The
bullet was fired through the window.
Streetcars in Germany.
The chances of evading fares on the
streetcars of German cjtles are very
slight. When a passenger steps on a car
the conductor immediately asks where he
is going, and then prepares his ticket,
which serves also as a receipt for the
fare. The preparation of the ticket con
sists only In detaching it from a book and
punching It or marking it with a pencil.
This process involves much more work
than the simple process of ringing, up
the fares, as conductors do In America;
but the task is lightened by the fact that
only a certain number of persons are per
mitted to ride on a car at the same time.
The number of sitting and standing places
Is plainly marked on each car. If a car
is designed to carry thirty persons no
more than thirty persons will be per
mitted to ride on the car at the same
time. When anything in Germany Is for
bidden it is sottled once for all. In order
that every person who rides shall get the
prescribed ticket Inspectors are employed
who spend their time in • ascertaining
whether the conductors are doing their
duty. These inspectors step into the cars
and ask the passengers for their tickets.
They note the number of the tickets and
whether they correspond with the stubs
retained by the conductor. The clerk who
gives out the Nocks of tickets to the con
ductors notes the number of the upper
most ticket and at the return of each
olock collects from the conductor who re
turned It as many fares as there are
• tickets detached. The rate of fares va
ries from 2V cents to 6, according to the
distance. Small children are carried for
half fare, and any one for the sum of
$2 BO may secure a ticket which entitles
him to ride as much as he wishes for one
month. When a car Is full the conductor
displays a placard bearing the word "Oc
cupied.'-'—Chicago Record.
t HOME STUDY COURSE |
+ — ?
? HI.— RECENT SCIENTIFIC -f
+ DISCOVEHIES. ?
+ Published Wednesdays in The +
? San Francisco Call. Begin- -f
+ ning Wednesday, February "?¦
-t- 21, 1900. t|
4- The world has been startled dur- -f
Ing the last few months with some •?
"*" remarkable scientific discoveries ¦?¦
** known to the public as "Wireless ~t
¦ Telegraphy." "Color Photogra- T
phy," "Liquid Air," etc. These T
¦*¦ will be presented In a popular way X
by Professor William J. Hopkins -f
of Drexel Institute. Among the -f
"*¦ subjects to be discussed in this so- -f
+ rles are the following: -f
? L Wireless Telegraphy. >
¦f 2. High Speed Telegraph Systems, -f
+ 2. Pnotography In Colors. . 4.
+ 4. Liquid Air. I
+ 6. Dark Lightning. T
•+¦ 6. Moving Pictures. T
+ 7. Process Engraving. T
T 8. Submarine Boats.
T. 8. The New Gases. *
? And others which are especially
¦V interesting either because of nov-
¦f elty or because of practical use- ?
+ fulness.. —...¦'•- ?
Burglar in the Toils.
Joseph McCabe waa arrested by Officer
Beach ytsK-nloy and charged at the « ity
Prison with burglary on a John Doe war
rant sworn to by Peter Ualcn, who keeps
a lodging house at 675 Howard street. Yes
terday a burglar en'.erod DoLin's plac»»
through a rear window ami stole a suit
of clothes and an overcoat. The loss was
discovered shortly afterward and Beach
notified. He found the man to whom the
overcoat had been sold and from him se
cured a description of the seller, which
caused him to search for McCaba and
place him under arrest.
Suicide of a Pioneer.
OAKLAND. Feb. 11.— Because he was
old, decrepit, without friends, and penni
less. William Gibbons, a pioneer of Ala
meda County, took a dose of strychnine
to-night and killed himself. The despond
ent self-murderer was 75 years of age.
He committed suicide In a little shack in
which he lived at Mission San Jose.
Gibbons came here from Ireland in the
early day? and amassed a fortune. His
money was lost In unwise speculation and
for a number of years he has lived pre-.
carlously, being unable to do much work
because of his enfeebled condition. Lately
he has occasionally labored on a ranch
near San Jose, but he was not able to
earn a great deal of money.
The deceased had attempted suicide on
several occasions. He was never married
and po far as i<» known had no relatives
In this country. Coroner Mehrmann will
hold an inquest.
FACTS ABOUT SARDINES.
The Greater Part of This Country's
Consumption Now Packed Here.
Formerly the sardines consumed in this
country were all imported from France;
now about three-quarters of the sardines
eaten in the United States are- put up
here, the chief center of the sardine in
dustry In the United States being the
eastern coast of Maine, though some sar
dines are now put up on the coast of
California. The packing of sardines In
this country was begun about thirty-five
years ago. Thousands of people now find
employment In one part and another of
the work In catching flsh. in making:
cans, and in canning and packing and
marketing and so on.
Sardines are put up In greater variety
than formerly, there being nowadays
sardines packed in tomato sauce, sar
dines In mustard, spiced sardines and bo
on; but the great bulk of sardines, both
imported and domestic, are still put op
in oil. Sardines are put up also in a
greater variety of packages than for
merly: there being, for example, various
sizes and shapes of oval tins, and some
French sardines are Imported In glass;
but as the great bulk of all sardines are
still, put up in oil, so the great bulk of
them are still put up in the familiar flat
boxes, the great majority of these being
of the size known as halves and quarters,
and far the greater number of these being
In quarters. Sardines are packed 100 tins
in a case, and the consumption of sar
dines in this country Is roughly esti
mated at from a million and a half to two
million cases annually.
Like canned goods of every description,
sardines aro cheaper now than they for
merly were, and American sardines are
sold for less than the Imported. American
sardines are now exported from this coun
try to the West Indies and to South
America.
VENISON HIS RUIN.
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie Moralizes on
Isaac's Fatal Weakness.
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie preached an interest
ing sermon last evening In the First Pres
byterian Church. Sacramento street and
Van Ness avenue, on the theme "They
Married, and Then ." His text was
taken from Genesis, xxv:2s: "Isaac lovei
Esau because he did eat of his venlßon,
but Rebecca loved Jacob."
Prior to his discourse the preacher read
the twenty-eighth chapter of Genesis, In
which is recounted the theft of Isaac's
blessing by Jacob at the instigation of his
mother. In Introducing his theme Dr.
Mackenzie said that Lot's great fault was
avarice; Ham's, sensuality; Noah's, drunk
enness, and Isaac's, venison. Because
Isaac loved to eat. and especially to cut
venison, he loved Esau better than Jacob,
because the elder boy was a hunter and
supplied his father's palate. .
"So wonder that Rebeeea, who had
vowed to take Isaac for better or worse,
rebelled at such a snoring incarnation ot
venison." he said. "That caused the trou
ble In that household and made of Rebec
ca a schemer. These things were not
written for people living In the time of
Moses, but for you in the great VXtO; vtu
are the beneficiaries of the historic talc."
From the tale of the sacred scribe Dr.
Mackenzie drew the moral that frequently
a husband made marriage a failure by
his attention to something or regard for
something that inspired contempt on the
part of the wife. It was the duty of a
wife under such circumstances, he said;
to endeavor to wean her husband away
from his idols. Rebecca, he said, fell short
on the score of patience. He believed all
wives naturally reverenced their husbands
and that generally the husbands were to
blame if such was not the case.
The, Catholic Missionary Union expends
J3&00 l year for the support of .Catholic
tclsslonaries In the South.
The former military' camp at Montauk
Point, which a few months ago was fairly
alive with American soldiers, is now only
a wild waste. "
ELOPING BRIDE PURSUED
BY HER IRATE MOTHER
A Notorious Pickpocket Caught.
Police Officers T. J. Connell and Con
Rlehl made a neat capture of a notorious
pickpocket named James Donly yester
day afternoon, at the corner of Ninth
and Harrison streets. The officers saw
the crook extract from the pocket of a
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
7THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1900.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BTSIXESS OmCE of tb* Pan ~rsnel«eo
C«!l. comer ef Market and Third streets, open
cntll U o'clock every nteht In the year.
BRAXCH OFFICES—;:" Montgomery street.
corner Clay; cpen until »:3© p. m.
$00 Hayes street: cpen until 9:30 p. «•
t?J McAllister street; open until »:39 p. m.
«S Lttrkta etreet: open until »:S0 p. m.
:?«1 MiEslon street; open until 10 p. in.
fin Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
cntll » p. m.
1C« Eleventh rtreet: er*n nntll t o. to.
JCS6 Valencia street : cpen nntll » p. — -
:l?3 Pclk «treet; cpen » p. m.
Sfortb— rest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
?ii<-lrv »tr»e»»: open until * p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. ¦
GOL.PEN Gate Com— landery No. 16. •f-^
X T. Golden Gate luiildinc. 625 Sut- "ft«!~
ter st.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- jtTJ
ING at 8 o'clock. The order of the BO
Red CroM will be conferred. All !Yat- *»
*ts are courteously Invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and *
A, M — THIS <MONDAY) EVENING. ,/u_
at 7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Ky/%Ji\
order ot the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KINO SOLOMON'S L"d«re No. 2CO. F. a
Pand A. M.. Franklin Hall. Flllmore st..
licttrwn Bush and Sutter— First degree jC/T
THIS EVENING, at 7:30. '?'
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of jsM_«gfl>_
Prs-nco-A— lerlcen LoSfe No. 237. ¦=§?J«_2sX—
I. O. O. F.. are hereby requested -=£g*S"fe~
to meet at their lod-eroom. Odd '*"**¦
Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market
rtl.. MONDAY. February 12. at 1:33 o'clock,
for tb« purpose of attending the funeral of
cur late beloved brother. Past Grand ALEX
LBOX AURADOU. By order of
EUG. DAUCHER.- Noble Grand.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASETiY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
glst and paJmist In the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. 417 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty OX law. S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVJCE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market »t.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MEiapACH, attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at 503 Cal. St., Clunie building.
L S. CLARK. Emma Kpreckels blfip., 927 Mar-
ket f^consultatlonfreejnoj^eeislnadvaj^
¦DICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
BARGAINS— Second-hand Elmor*. $10; Mon-
arch. Jl2 50; Wolff- American. $15: National.
$15; March. $16; Victor. $20; Remington, $22 50;
rolumbia. $2S. $25. £27 50; Czar tandem. $25.
ISTO Page st.
HOARD AND ROOMS.
THE WALLACE. 944 Van Ness aye.— Just
opened; newly furnished family hotel; finest
location: excellent table; rates by the month.
weelc or day: reasonable.
NEW family hotel: flrst-cl»*s In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; Fpeclal Inducements to
select people. 807 California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny rultes; best board: 2. $50 up: single. $22 50.
HYPE. 239 (The £a lisburj)— Large <un?iy teems
with board: en ruite or single; reasonable.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market «t.— Suite of I or I
nr.F. : private: bath: eln. rms.: board optional.
O'FARRELL. T42— Clean, comfortable rooms;
rood home cooking: special rates to rents.
HOOKS NEW AND OLD.
ECHOOL BOOKS boucht and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission «.. near Third.
BOOT AMJ SHOE a.\R«AI>S.
iuXßY^^EhoesT sizes 2 to 6 35 cts
Men's working shoes, extra quality $1 25
Boy's shoes, sizes 13H to 2 85 cts
People's Shoe Store. ISO 3 Stockton, nr. Bdway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
X_$l00; PARTNER wa.nted in ealoon on O'Far-
rell and Stockton sts. Call It. G. WILKE,
room i. SM Market st.
X— sJoo; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Third et., near Call bldg. R. G. WILKE.
room £. g»C Market ft.
A— slSoo; SALOON: choice location on Kearny
et. ; splendid business offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. room fc. SO6 Market st.
X— s7<«i; CORNER grocery and bar, with 4
' rooms, on Market st.; must b* sold on ac-
count of dtath at once; good business. R. G.
WILKE. J>"6 Market gt.
A— $1100; BAKERY on Polk st. ; baking 14
t»arrels; all store trade; daily receipts above
$25; rent $2*. Call R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A-s3flo; FRUIT store, with living rooms, on
Polk St.; splendid paying business and good
rtock on hand. R. G. WILKE. »:-6 Market.
A— SZZs; BRANCH bakery, with 3 living rooms;
established 10 years; daily receipts $15; splen-
did location on L_rkin st. R. G. WILKE. 90S
Market ft.
A SALOON on water front, with 4 years' lease;
fine fixtures: large stock; rushing business;
no better location on East Ft.; splendid
chance. R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market bt.
A— s3so; DAIRY produce and delicacy store,
with 3 living rooms; rent $12: a good-paying
business. Inquire I_ G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— $350; PARTNER —anted in chop and coffee
house; lively country town; place clearing $60
for each partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 906
Market Et.
A— BUYERS. ATTENTION!
FOR SALE
A first -cla«K tea and coffee store; well estab-
lished; »il cash trade; pood value for the
X money. BTEXBERO CO.. »35 Market Ft.
A— JCOO PARTNER RETIRING
Remaining partner tine business man. thor-
oughly responsible; dining-room handsomely
furnished: s^ats 100 people; location best near
Market in larpe prominent hotel; owner going
East! STENBERG CO.. 935 Market St.
EALOON; first-class $1100
Grocery aiid bar $1100
Kin? pun rtore. bicycles, etc $2100
il'-.-it market; averages $200 a week;
horse, wagon. Icehouse, etc $690
Mfat mtrku: averages $30 per day $400
Partner in good office business $300
Jir»i-.ar; a fortune $700
PU&z&ar; the flnmt $200
Partner in machine shop; best proposition
in the city; worth $4000 $2500
SCHOTTLER & CO.. €32 Market st.
CORNER saio<-.n: near Market; bargain; ?;>use
going north. MITCHELL & ADAMS. 906 Mkt.
TWO fine oil paintings: bargain; suitable for
ealoon. MITCHELL & ADAMS. %6 Market.
FINE bakery in Rood location; a bargain this
rfay. MITCHELL & ADAMS, 9C6 Market st.
GOOD-PAYING bakery on Fourth St.: bargain;
sickre«s. MITCHELL & ADAMS, 9C6 Market.
11-ROOM liouee; a snap $000
30-r<"-om !iou<«e; a bargain $H*o
A cigar store; fine location $500
A l>art>er shop and cigar store $550
A branch bakery; rare li&rgain $IM>
A grocery and bar; a snap $000
MITCHELL & ADAMS. SO6 Market st.
A— slso; PARTNER wanted in a genteel cash
business; established 14 years; will clear $75
I«er month to each yearly; experience net
r.ecers&ry- Pacific Exchange. 1016 Market et.
A— HOMF. kitchen and delicacies: downtown;
clear* $125 per month; for cost of fixtures. PA-
CIFJC STATES REALTY CO.. 220 Parrott big.
$150— BRANCH bakery and candy store; best
part of the Mission: I living rooms: cheap
rent: given away. M. LESS. 7C5 Market et.
$1150— THE best grocery and bar In Western
Adiilir-n; must be sold this week; sickness
compel* sacrifice. M. LESS. 765 Market st,
CITY BUSINESS EXCHANGE...... 79 Third et.
Bargains in ealoon* $200 to $ISOO
Clpar stores with clubrooms $100 to $500
Restaurants end oyster houses $125 to $1200
Uoomlng houFes; 10 to 100 rooms.
Pertner: email capital; paying business.
$2500— BLACKSMITH shop: prosperous- country
town; 2 lots; buildings and private dwelling
Included; part rafh if <!esir»d. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777^4 Market et.
ALL kinds of /huslnesse* for sale. M. GRIFFIN.
719 Market rt.. near Call building.
$l«.000— ONE of the bert bakeries in city for
sale: shop business only. Address box StSS,
Call office.
FIRST-CLAfiS cigar etore; central location;
transfer point; big stock; clubrooms attached;
a bargain. Box ZZK>. Call offlce.
GOOD-PAYING corner saloon; C rooms: with or
without furniture; retiring from business.
115 Ninth et.
FOR rale — Downtown saloon. Apply to Me-
LEOD & HATJE. £15 Market st.
FOR fiale— Branch bakery, confectionery and
notions. 21JH Fourteenth et.
GR<X:ERY and bar: 4 living rooms and stable;
rent low; reasonable. 455 Clementina st.
SI6TO— CASH or security; grocery and bar; gocd
location; fine nock; no agents wanted. In-
quire S3 Lily eve.
FISH and oyster house, all complete, cheap;
good et_nd; owner sick. 421 McAllister st.
41009 OR $2009 — Man In physician's office: large
profits: Interest riven. Box 2563. Call.
A FIXE downtown route on Call; In business
•— «toa. 1121 Filbert st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
COMPANIES FINANCED. __
CHARTERS FURNISHED.
Etocks underwritten and guaranty bond* fur-
nished up to JJO.OOO.OOO; safe bonds or bank cer-
tificates deposited with any safe deposit com-
pany; bank or customer reference; commis-
sions small and no charge if indenture is not
INTERSTATE TRUST A LOAN COMPANY.
625 Emma Spreckels bid*.. San Francisco.
ANTHONY P. MORRIS.
RESIDENT DIRECTOR.
NO SOLICITORS.
ATTENTION, SELLERS!
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash. I
will advertise it free for you. I
want no exclusive contract. Have
buyer walttrp with cash. _?.,.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market et.. opp. Fifth.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; fine location
downtown: newly fitted up; electr c llfthts;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. Cl 4 Call fc.dg.
$500-SALOON and boarding house: i-atisfac-
tory reasons for selling. Apply 127 Golden
Gate aye. , cor. Leavenworth.
COAL OIL route for sale, cheap: Parties gptne
away. Apply office Crystal O»l Co.. 312 Capp
•t.. n»ar Eighteenth.
j BARGAIN for buying or sellinsr saloons or any
hu«ineFs; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers
j Journal, CSS 1 * California Et.. loom 1.
SALOON at Third St.. rear Market: fine trade,
cheap If Fold at once. Apply Liquor Dealeis
Journal. lVJ\i California st.. room 1.
TO the, right man an interest In legitimate,
growing business; email capital required.
SMITH. 34 Kc-arny St.
FOR **Ie cheap— Grocery »tore. bors* and
wngon; a bargain for man and wife. Inquire
499 Bansome et.
FOR sale— Restaurant and bar; 20 steady board-
er*. 3021 Clement st.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. 610 Second it.,
near South Park.
1115— SALOON and rrocery; 2 living rooms;
rent 114; must sell at once. 921H Howard st.
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; large barn; best
location; owner going away. Apply Call office.
BRANCH bakery for sale at a bargain. 17U
' Howard «t_ _^_^_______
DRUGGIST with small capital as partner In
drug store. Dox 7543. Call office.
ROUTE of ?44 papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Postoffice.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED cdvertisements and subscriptions
received at Cal^ branch office. £200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk tt. : open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offl>e for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ths
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky «ts. : open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 150
sets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
the business must b« closed. 1140 Filsom St..
near Eighth.
SECOND-HAND laundry wagon; a bargain.
1169 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagrons. buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with pocr work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 352-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson et.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; l«id at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tei. Jessie E44.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Cc. 240 14th
«t.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Gulden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
P.emoved'. Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Has removed her offices to her residence, 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland. Cal.
Reveals Tour Life From the Cradle
to tke Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance le priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always most succ«^sful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence is kept sacredly confiden-
U Addre?s or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee. $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. 1061
Seventh avc. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station. 2d Ftatlon from Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS aIvD~SFIRITUALISM.
jdRS~7. J.~WHITNEY. 1104 Market: trance,
test, business medium; life reader: also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp forclrcular: sittings $1.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader and palmist: all
you seek to know without questions: readings
this week. 25c. 50c; satisfaction. 230 A Turk.
MME A CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult matters.
S Hayes *t.. room 7. second floor.
DINSMORE. , "'
Renowned clairvoyant; private sittings; mar-
velous results; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 127 Ellis.
MME. MOREAU. the best modlum and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME HANSON— Palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth, room 12.
CONSULT the lucky medium; fee 25c. 3494
Minna st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh ft. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings. 25c.
T P MATCHETT holds circles every evening, i
o'clock, 10c; reading Z0 and 75c. 228 Taylor at.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slate writer,
330 Ellis St.: circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; elt-
tings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
TOUR future told by cards. 25c. 944 Howard
St.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. S Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st,
CHEAPEST find best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1« pages, f -nt to any address In th«
; United Ftstos. postpaid, for II pfr year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 810, i>27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, modern improvements;
sunny yard: cellar. ISS9 O'Farrell st.
FELL. 291— Nice 3-room cottage; yard and base-
ment: rent $12.
i 510 — BAY-WINDOW cottage 4 rooms; water
I free. 103 Collins at., near Geary.
h
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
4W GEARY— First-class dressmaker, direct
from Boston, would like engagements; best ol
reference*.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladle*' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.; dresses
made. 15 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading Fys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. AH kinds pleat-
Ing.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat
DEVTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; ¦
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25: teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work oui
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thlnnei
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 2(
years; fillings, SOc; crown*. $3 50; all work
fialnles* and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors, 24 Sixth et
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fllls teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret -method: crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 flrsi
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. neat
Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable;; gaa. given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Keamy, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $2; fillings, 25c.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T S HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe 7.;nkand— Teeth extract^
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the jrums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 50c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefuily treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that fit from
51 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
AT the ELECTRO-DEXTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7 Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free: $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia; dental
v.-ork reas. ; painless extraction; hours 9 to 6.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices in S. F.: work —arranted 10
years. X. Y. Dentists, ?C3 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUXG. IS4I Polk ft.
OHIO Pental Parlors. Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
PR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50: all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West €36.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD*S Business College, 24 Post St., B. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engln-
eerlng. etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men. young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
salt water and swimming tank. Y. M. U A..
Mason and Ellis Bts. "The wise for cur« on
exercise depend."
JOSEPH GREVEX, Instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong voices from the smallest una
faultiest In Bhort time. 1236 Market St., r. 12L
BOOKKEEPING— Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking _'«" counw
this year got positions. SAN FRAXCIbCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. eurvey. assay, archi.: day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 953 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writ-
ing, etc.; day or night; $5 month. 1024 Mis-
sion St., near Sixth.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a spe-
cialty; English. Spanish. 337 Phelan bldg.
LAW schools, J27 Market. S. F., and 9C5 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
CIVIL service coaching: day. evening. Ban
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market gt.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cuitar. Prof. Merkl. success-
ful teacher. 1008 Mission: best methods.reeults.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof.PeFlllppe's Acad-
emy of languages,32oPost;est.lS7l;ablest profs.
PIANO banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Btudlo, 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50; send for catalogue.
CLASSES In German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 3C2 Montgy.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or cla?g. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce.
No 30 Geary Et.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post St.. near Powell. GEO.
\ AOKI. 421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEI'M Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish housework girl desires
situation, country preferred, "best city refer-
ences: Norwegian cook, good references: also
first-class German cook and a number of
housework girls await situations; competent
chambermaid and waitress wants position,
hotel or boarding house, city or country', best
city references. MISS H. CULLINAX. 323
Sutter Et.. phone Main 651.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation: good cook and houseworker: country
preferred. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
SEAT, refined girl desires situation as nurse:
$15: has best of references. MISS CULLEN.
225 Sutter st.
CAPABLE woman with a child desires situa-
tion; good c<x>k and houseworker; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German laundress desires situa-
tion: best of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Putter St.
SWEDISH young girl wishes situation as nurse
or second work. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
GERMAN woman; good cook and houseworker;
city or country. MRS. NORTON. 313 gutter.
SWEDISH first-class laundress; hotel or pri-
vate family. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 413 Powell St.. tel.
Main 5332— C00k5, second girls, nurses and
laundress await poeltlons.
GERMAN woman; first-class cook; good
carver; takes full charge of a hotel, club-
house or delicacy kitchen: best references;
country preferred. 108 Sixth st.
GOOD rrrpectable woman (American) needs
work very LaJly: can do any kind; good
housccleaner: would go by day or any way.
The Eacle, 78 Third St., room 5.
RELIABLE young Swedish woman with a chIM
wishes a position: city or country: housekeep-
ing; reference?. Call at 7134 Bush Et.
RESPECTABLE younp Blrl wishes a situation
as nutse uirl. Please call 37V4 Natoma St.,
between First and Second.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleanlng. Call or address J. W., 593
Ash aye.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, would
like to have a few engagements for families
at £43 McAllister Et.
WOMAN wants work by the day; no cards.
Call at C 24 Chestnut, bet. Mason and Taylor.
WAXTED — Engagements by a hair specialist
to treat persons at their homes for falling
hair, dandruff, gray hair and eczema: best of
references and all work guaranteed. Box 3594,
Call office.
• COMPETENT, trustworthy woman wishes any
; kind of light housework by the day; good
cook. M. C, box 2577, Call offlce.
GERMAN lady, good cook, would like a posi-
tion In country; has references. Box 2572, Call.
GOOD v.-asher wishes flannels or plain family
washing. Apply 105 Prospect place, off Sac-
ramento St., near Powell. •
STRONG, willing young lady from the country
wishes houwwork by the day; $1 day and car-
fare. Box 2675. Call offlce.
AN experienced middle-aged woman wishes a
situation as working housekeeper or nurse
in sickness. Address 815 Alabama St., near
Twentieth.
, EXPERIENCED stenofrrapher desires half-day
position; insurance offlce preferred. Box 2565,
Call. _ ;
, WOMAN wishes work by the day washing and
ironing and housework. 137 Third Bt.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladies in confinement. MRS. WOL-
TER. 122 Sixth st. '
LADIES' tailoring— Fancy waists and skirts of
all kinds at reasonable prices. 120 Turk at.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing. Iron-
ing or cleaning. 1033 Post at., near Polk.
ELDERLY German woman wants situation as
cook; city or country: flrst-class; wages $20
to $25 per month. Address box 2703, Call of-
flce, Oakland^
! FIRST-CLASS dressmaker will make any style
trimmed suit, $4; new style skirls and high-
grade work. 220 Eddy st.
; XEAT young lady desires situation to do light
housework in a small family. Call at 326
Jessie St.. near Fourth.
' YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do cham-
; berwork, janitor or help in kitchen. Apply
i 81 South Park.
. TWO competent girls wish situations in private
. families. Address box 2728. Call. Oakland.
! I WOULD like to find some kindly person to
assist me through my Journey In life;- city or
country. Address box 2726, Call, Oakland.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as nurse;
good in confinement or any other sickness;
best of references. Call at IQS% Fell Bt., city.
\ WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free. 'bus
t and baggage to and from ferry.
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
'. A BRAXCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
; lencia Bt.
' A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
1 A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been : established at .. the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
INDUSTRIOUS Scandinavian gardener; under-
stands care of horses buggies, cows, vege-
tables, lawn, flowers; 'in private family; very
useful and willing; references; city or coun-
try. Box 3551. Call office. ¦ '¦ '''•¦¦¦-
SITUATIOX wanted by good all-round handy
man as porter -or watchman in wholesale
house; work of any kind. 29& Lily aye.. near
Franklin st. ...¦<;¦'
SITUATIOX wanted by good, steady, all-round
cook; city or country. Address 632 Market
at., room 5. care of JAMES MORSE.
WANTED— Situation as cook in hotel or res-
taurant. Please call or address 52 Second St..
room 14.
FIRST-CLASS laundryman wishes position In
the city: washer and ironer. Address 418
Powell st.
AS watchman— Experienced, married man;
steady, reliable, with very best references,
desires position as watchman. Address box
2584. Call offlce. '• ¦' .V
COLLECTOR— ReIiabIe married man seeks po-
sition as collector; salary or commission;
surety given; also the very best of references.
Address box 2555. Call offlce.
YOUNG man. 22, desires light employment;
steady and reliable; wages reasonable. Uox
2570. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED salesman wants position: snl-
ary and com.; references. Address CHAKLEa
WHEATLEY, 6fiO Webster at.. Oakland.
YOUNG man. 23, well educated desires position
of trust; satisfactory references: varied ex-
perience; bond if necessary. Address box
2554. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted: care of horses; good
driver; good gardener: handy with tools; In
private family. Box 3593. Call office.
GOOD, reliable, experienced bar man; single;
speaks English and German; good references;
country preferred. Address box 3599, Call.
ENGINEER— Young man from the Eaat wishes
position as chief or assistant In city; station-
ary and marine license; references AL I— o-
WARDS. 818 Jessie it. '
RELIABLE married man would like to take
full charge of rooming-house or private place.
Address J. DAVIS. 223 Minna Bt. ._
SITUATION wanted as first -class cutter and
designer on ladles' cloaks and suits. Address
box 2700, Call offlce. irrs- '
SITUATION wanted by married man; work of
any kind; porter preferred. Address P. Z.,
box 7613. Call office.
STRONG your.g man. aged 22. of good address
and best of habits, desires permanent situa-
tlon with reliable parties. Box 2687. Call.
MARRIED man wishes a situation as day or
night watchman: good reference. Address
box 2680, Call office.
BARKEEPER: first-class experienced man;
best city references. Address letters G. D..
209 Valencia st.
GENTLEMAX. experienced In conveyancing,
insurance, bookkeeping or any offlce work
desires employment. Address box 2702, Call
office, Oakland. 1
WAXTED— Situation as coachman and gar-
dener or foreman on fruit ranch: competent
In every kind of orchard and vineyard work;
general gardening: extensive California ex-
perience. Address Dechent's Nursery. 14
Point Lohos aye.; telephone Jackson 622.
A NEAT Japanese (speaks English fluently)
wishes position In offlce or store; references.
Box 2627. Call office.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, typewriter and
general offlce man: Al references furnished.
Address box 884, Call offlce.
WAXTED— Young man aa waiter. Xew Wash-
ln^ton Hotel. Fourth and Harrison sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and (subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore Et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 '\ a-
lencia st. :
A BRAXCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open until 9 p. m.
EXPERTjUOPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071% Market St.: examination free: German
eyewater by mall. .r.oc.. r .0c. Phone. Mint 257.
EXCHANGE.
CITY and country property for exchange. M.
GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. near Call bldy.
FLATS TO LET.
A M SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
242S Geary: 6 r »IS|SIOA Jones; 5 r...514 00
1014 Treat aye.; 7 r.i 17i2519 Green: 6 r 12 50
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
FLAT of 4 rooms to let; rent reasonable". 257
Tehama Bt.
ONE now, elegant, sunny flat; 8 rooms. 9SO
Pine it., near Taylor.
SACRAMENTO. 1361— Xew flat of 3 rooms; sun;
yard; rent $12 DO.
SUTTER. 2620H — Sunny upper flat; 6 rooms;
hath; modern; rent $25.
UPPER flat; 5 rooms; near Park. 514 Shrader
street.
5-ROOM flat; sunny belt; rent $16. Apply 2616
Mission st. or 544 Capp.
$7 50— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye.. near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$10—3 ROOMS and bath: sunny; yard, cellar.
1008 Natoma St., near Eleventh.
$10—527 GROVE St.: 4 large rooms, yard; be-
tween Laguna and Octavia.
$18— ADULTS: 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
toilet: 2 beds; gas and coal stoves. 1917 Geary.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
2 XEW flats to let: 17th Bt. and Clara aye.: 1
block from cars; $18 per month; Inspect them
to-day: agent on premises.
LEAVEXWORTH, 811— Furnished flat; 3
rooms; $15. ¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
.7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR nale— Furniture and Btove at 37 Norfolk
street.
FURNITURE 9-room house; reason selling,
leaving city. Address box 2698, Call.
EXAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30xfi0 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1210-1212 Stockton
St.. n»ar Brnwdwnv: open evenings.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRF/ WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the hinnest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture; carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.; telephone Jessie .61.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red.y33^».
WANTED— The furniture and carpets for 5 or
6 rooms. Box 2632. Call.
HELP WANTED-— AGEXTS :^
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors: entire line. J. N.
ODELL. 206 Kearny nt.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A^T^n^E^^o^ksrilTanonfSO: housework, Oak-
land, $25: Alameda. $25; Berkeley $25; San
Mateo $25; 10 second girls. $25 and $20; gov-
erness. Alameda, $25; Infant's nurse, $26; 4
nurses, city, $20. $15. $10: hotel waitresses. $20.
$20 country; also hotel chambermaids and
waitresses, city, $20 and $15; German nurse,
institution, country. $20; young girl, assist, 1
child. $10 to $15; 2 young girls, same place, as
second work and assist in general, $18 and $12
per month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter »t.
WAITRESS, private family, $25; a chamber-
maid, tq wait one meal. $20; a head waitress,
country hotel, $25; a cook, small boarding-
house, country. $25: a chambermaid, to wait,
same house, $20. MISS H. CULLINAX. 323
Sutter st.; Dhone Main C3l. »
WAXTED— GirI c.r young woman for light
housework and minding children. 1217 Web-
Etfr st. "
GOOD German girl: general housework: good
wages; small family. 933 Haight st., between
Devlsadcro and Brodertck.
GIRL wanted to take care of two little chil-
dren; must sleep at home. Call 2525 Twenty-
fourth St.. near Bryant. ' - '
DRESSMAKING hands wanted at 1407 La-
cuna st. -
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st. . - - ¦ '
EXPERIENCED apprentice, custom coats.
Rooms 115-117. Phelan building.
GIRL for second work, waiting: good seam-
stress: city references. 1725 Pine Bt. "
WAXTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats; steady work. 744 Folsom Bt. :
GIRL for housework: Scandinavian or German.
Apply 2634 Howard st. '
WAXTED— A girl to do light housework. Call
at - 1002 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL to assist with light housework. 1418
O'Farrell gt. ,'¦ :',¦¦
GIRL 'for light housework; sleep home. 1123
Stelner st. '
WAITRESS— A young girl to wait at table; ref-
erences, i Call at 619 Post st. •
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R HAXSEX & CO ... PHOXE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city, $25; head waitress, coun-
try, $25; waitress for San Jose, $25; 7 walt-
, resses. city and country, $20 and $25; S res-
taurant waitresses, $G a week; 2 lunch and
dinner waitresses. $5 a week; 2 chambermaids
to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, $20; woman
cook, tS a week; fancy ironer, $10 a week.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
2 cooks, short distance In country, $25, . 520;
Swedish woman to take care of Invalid and
act as housekeeper, $20; German nurseglrl,
$20, city references; housegirls. cooks, second
girls and many others. Apply
C R. HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary St.
HOUSEGIRL. San Rafael. $25: Sausalito. $25:
Alameda. $25; 3 cooks, city, $25 and $30; two
second girU. $25 and $20; second girl, country,
$25; -housearirl, two in family, $25: 10 house-
girls, $25 and $20; middle-aged woman, light
housework, short distance, two in family.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 413 Powell st.— 2 com-
petent second girls. San Mateo and Ross Val-
'ey, J25 each; 3 competent young cooks, $25,
$30; 4 German second girls. $15, $20; a nur-
sery governess, Alameda. $23. MRS. LAM-
BERT. 418 Powell st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers to take work home on
shaker bonnets, corset covers, etc. Apply
H. FRIEDLAXPER. 338 Fell St.
WANTED — Nurseglrl between 20 and 30 years
of age: reference. 143S Page st.
WANTED— A girl for housework; no cooking.
522*4 Stevenson St., rear.
AMERICAN girl for light housework. 1045
Mission st.
GIRL to assist with light housework and baby;
wages $S to $10. 817 Page st.
XEAT girl to assist In general housework.
224 m Sutter st.
RELIABLE girl for waitress and second work.
1859 Post st.; call between 9 and 12.
ABOUT 160 more sewing machine operators will
find good paying work In Levl Strauss & Co.'n
overall factory. 32^i Fremont st. MB. DA-
VIS. Supt.
YOUNG lady typewriter; Al; call between 10
and 11 a. m. Monday. S. X. WOOD & CO..
713 Market Bt.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 8614 Fremont St.; elevator. .'. ; "•
YOUXG girl to assist In housework In small
family. 721 Capp et.
WANTED— Woman to travel In the South; no
canvassing. Address H. 8.. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted at 443 Na-
toma st. ¦
WANTED- Shirt polisher. National Laundry-,
411 Sanchez st.
EXPERIENCED operators on full laundered
shirts. 36H Fremont st
YOUXG girl to learn pantsmaklng; paid while
learning. 273 Minna Bt.. upstairs. '
WANTED— Ladies and gentlemen to work at
home; good salary. 216^4 Sixth st.
WANTED— Ladies and gentlemen to work at
home; good salary. 216H Sixth st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts.: open until 9 p. m. •'•¦>• ¦•.-¦
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— 2 single-hand miners, $2 50 day; up-
holsterers. $3 day; blacksmltn. $2 50 day;
blacksmith helper and finisher, $2 25 day;
farmers, milkers: 5 woodchoppers, $1 50 and
$1 75 cord; choreboy for ranch, $10 and found.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WAXTED — Cook and wife, country hotel, $50;
head waiter, $35; night steward, $10 week;
short order cook. $33 to $40. and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HAXSEX «: C0.'5...10l GEARY ST.
25 teamsters, with blankets, Monday morning,
"i-ZO. ready to go on train; free fare for the
Coast Road, Santa Barbara Co.; brine your
lunch. Apply C. R. HAXSEX & CO., 104
Geary St., 7:30 Monday morning.
HOTEL DEPARTMEXT.
French second cook. Southern California, $73;
French or Swiss fry coJk, country hotel. $60
and fare; restaurant cook, Nevada, $i»; 3
waiters. $33; polishers and lroners; oysterman.
$45.
10 single-hand quartz miners, $2 50 a day; 3
underground carmen, $2 per day; 6 pruners
and grafters, $26 and board; 20 woodchoppers;
50 coal miners.
C. R. HAXSEX & CO.. 101 Geary et.
GANG of teamsters for railroad work; free fare;
call to-day; ship Tuesday; free fare.
C. R. HANSEX & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5548.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WAXT 7 A. M. MONDAY ..*.
4 miners, large gold mining company $75
blacksmith helper, no shoeing for ranch
rough carpenter, ranch $1 50, fare
stableman for private family.... s2s arid found
gardener, residence, on a ranch. s2s and found
4 pick and shovel laborers $26 and" found
ranch teamster $26 and found, $1 fare
farm and orchard hands
$20 and $26 and found
milk wagon driver $20 and found
chore boy, $12 and found stablemen
for Sonoma, Santa Cruz, Placer and other
counties, 150 woodchoppers and tiemakers,
tools and provisions furnished. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
BOY tor this office. MURRAY <& READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper on first-class
ranch, must understand shoeing, $33 and
found, steady place; farmers, milkers. labor-
ers; 5 laborers, Santa Cruz County, $1 and
board, see party here; and others. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay gt.
MAN and wife, ranch work: man all around
work: woman cook; $40. MISS CULLEX. 325
Sutter st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— An engineer to run mine hoist:
must be competent, sober and careful; also
1 blacksmith; must be a good tool sharpener
and reasonably quick; Eteady work. Call on
or address Montreal and Oregon Gold Mines.
Ltd.. Ashland. Oregon.
MIDDLE-AGED steady man; useful around
country place; must be good horseman and
milker: also know plain cooking: easy; long
job- wages to start. $20 and found per month.
Address box 20. Call offlce. ¦
WANTED— Young man to fill position of trust;
experience not necessary: security required;
state kind and amount of security you can
furnish; salary $60 monthly and expenses.
Box 3550, Call. ' '.-
GOOD wagon blacksmith's helper who under-
stands the business. Call at 7 sharp. 1223
Fell st.
WANTED — Experienced bedmaker. Dewey
house. 32 East st. . .
CABIXETMAKER at 1942 Flllmore st.
TWO tailors wanted at 2520 Greenwich St.;
military work. ¦_
COATMAKER | wanted at 232 Montgomery
avenue. '
LUNCH waiter wanted at northeast corner of
Beale and Howard sts.
BOOTBLACK ¦ for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
WANTED— Bootblack at »>tt California rt.
DISHWASHER wanted at 334 Bush it.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1390 Turk st.; apply
7 o'clock.
DISHWASHER; sober, competent man only
need apply. 443 Third st. _^
2 BARBERS wanted for country. Apply H.
-BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 629 Davis st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. 1333 Market St..
corner of Tenth.
WANTED— A shoemaker for repairing at 9S3H
Mission st.
WANTED— Florist and business gardener. SCO
Halght Bt.
AN elderly man to drive horse; $5 a month and
board. 500 Halght st. 1
WAXTED— A first-class cook. 29 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS, intelligent bushelman wanted.
S. X.' WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
WAXTED— A strcng boy about 16 years of age.
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 713 Market at.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
BOOKBIXDER: young man who can cut stock,
etc.; must .. be neat; steady position to right
man. ¦ Address P/. H.. box 2694. Call offlce,
giving salary, experience and references.
GOOD bookkeeper for country; must be intelli-
gent, rapid, willing worker and single. Box
2573. Call. ¦
FINISHER on pants; steady work and good
wages. 102-106 Battery at.
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
MEX wanted to learn barber trade In 1 1 ££ k '{
day and evening classes; ¦P eclal .J nd ". CC * 11 m ™c
this season: handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free: only i-st 1 " 11 ' 0 ", 1 " .«
world teaching the barber and halrdressinK
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEOI..^
CTay Bt. Branches— San Francisco. New lor*.
St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis. _
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book 'a l **™' o -
Call upon or address Manager. 927 Market St..
room 622. . _____
GC>OD solicitor for real estate house: state ex-
perience, reference and salary expected. Aa-
dress box 2j.'9. Call offlce.
TEN peddlers with wagons: big money: some-
thing new. Apply after S o'clock Monday at
29 Spear st.
FIRST-CLASS halrcutter who understands
hair curling. 24 Geary st.
COAT under presser: must do bushellng. H.
PLAXZ & SON. ECS Geary st.
$150— PARTXER: office work; manufacturing;
profit $75 monthly. Box 2C99. Call ofllce.
MAX to do Janitor work fcr his tuition. S. F.
Barbers' School. 741 Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to SOc. 161 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters lor
ships a: HERMAN'S. 2« Bteuart st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. -
PEXSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 13c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
WAXTED— ICO men to try our 15c breakfast.
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 23c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 222<> Flllmore st.
A BRAXCH office- for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th»
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for the receDtlon of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .-. ¦¦- ¦- - -
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAX - DOYLE. Auctioneers.
£0 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market st., bn. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
Al LARGE milch cow for sale. 2109 Web-
ster st.
$25 — FIXE, kind, eound and gentle footing sad-
dle mare. 22 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale — Gentleman's road home and blk»
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentlnt. 605 O. G. ay.
HOUSES LODGING— FOR SALE.
44 ROOMS: fine sunny corner: sure to clear
$300: new carpets and furniture: small amount
cash; balance easy payments. DECKER.
1029 Market st.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAIXS.
E2 rooms; fine corner: clears $150 $l!* 00
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $123 900
11-room house on Bush st 400
7-room house; only 150
23 rooms; rent $40 1300
24 rooms; easy payments 800
S-room flat; new 3.7)
32 rooms; corner: only 1200
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 323
10 rooms; on Taylor st. ; worth $800 450
S2 rooms; corner; clears $150 1600
10-room flat: clears $U0 500
Corner on Market; clears $400: 104 rooms. 4SOO
Near Call office; worth $2000; 23 rooms 1200
Mod. house: elev.: clears $500; 84 rooms.. 6500
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
ROOMING houses all sizes, prices and loca-
tions and business chances of all kinds In the
city and throughout the country; cheap. Pa-
cific. States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
BIG bargain; 12-room house: fine central loca-
tion; low rent; paying fine; snap. Pacific
States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott building.
LODGING HOUSES.
13 rooms *•¦ J330
14 rooms and bath JSOO
20 rooms and bath $22J0
SCHOTTLER & CO.. 632 Market st.
n. H. WINSTOX, 1026 Market st.
24 rooms; rent $6; near Market $SOO
37 rooms; rent $40; only $300
105 rooms; corner; clears $200; reduced $1500
21-R. HOUSE, well furnished. Ellis St.. $1500;
23-r. house, board and lodging. Geary st..
$20CO; 27-r. house, a paying place. $900: money
at 1,4 per cent. German- American. 34 Kearny.
8 ROOMS. $275: 12 r.. $4CO; 20 r.. $1250: 4S r..
$2700; 35 r.. $1200; 82 r., $6500; money to loan.
M. GRIFFIX. 719 Market St.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE: 22 rooms; bargain: on
account of departure. McLAUGHLIX & CO..
777H Market st.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging house see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer dally.
HOUSE of IS rooms, north of Market; bargain
if sold to-day; sickness cause of sale. Box
2574, Call offlce.
FOR sale — To be removed, a 2-story house. 2373
Twenty- fourth St., near Harrison.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms, for sale;
bargain. 130 Second St.; no agents.
HOUSES — LODGING To Let.
30-ROOM hotel or lodging-house to let; fur-
nished new throughout: on 24th St.. 100 feet
east of Mission; $65 per month; open for in-
spection to-day; agent on premises.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 11 Montgomery.
TO LET!
Handsome private family hotel, 53 sunny
rooms; modern appointments; large grounds;
choice location; favorable lease to responsible
tenant. DAVIDSON & LEIGH.
30 Montcomery at.
TO let— Furnished or unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable in rear; 317
Union st. lnqulra A. DECOURTEUX. a 29
Merchant st.
2-STORY building or a large spacious store
and basement; suitable for any business; 1427
Park nt. InQuire Alameda Land Co.. Park
Et. and Santa Clara aye.
SIX rooms: bath. 2532 Pine St.; $16.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
NW. CORNER, on Golden Gate aye; complete^
ly furnished 10 rooms, etc.; sun all day; lease
6 months or longer. For particulars apply
MADISOX & BURKE. 626 Market st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— At Park Sunday afternoon. "ladV's""goid
watch, hunting case; monogram E. M. out-
side; "From Mamma, December Ist. 1839." in-
side; liberal reward. MRS. MORRIS. 823
Powell st.
LOST— Sunday, near Twenty-fourth and Valen-
cia sts.. a black cocker spaniel, answering to
name of "High." Finder will receive reward
at 2446 Howard ft.
LOST— A diamond pin on Clay or Sacramento
sts.. between Powell and First aye.. thence
to 3319 California at. Return 823 Powell at.;
$13 reward.
$1 REWARD— Badge, Market-st. R. R. Co.
Please return to 33 Oak st. ; no use to any one
but the owner.
FOUND— -Youns spaniel dog; owner can have
same by proving ownership. Call at 13 Van-
dewater St.. between 3 and 5 o'clock.
LOST— Diamond crescent pin. Suitable reward
. by leaving at 106 Battery st. -
LOST— 3 passbooks with The Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
names of CATHERINE BRIDOWOOD. JAS
BRIDGWOOD and CATHERINE BRIDO-
WOOD or MARY A. BRIDGWOOD; «Nos.
203-1361. ISO-354. 171-833. The finder will please
return ta bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JOSHUA H. STALLARD. or WILL
ANN. M. GORDON STALLARD: Xo. IS2-
1472. The finder will pleaae return to bank.
LOST— GoId watch; engraved B. S. on case
Return to 2230 Pacific aye.: reward.
' ~ MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. KOHu'thTonly" telja^TiTiadlei'
physicians and specialists of long and suc-
cessful practice; private home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: best of care;
guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5; safe and
reliable; consultation free. 1122 Market st .
between Mason and Taylor; hours. J to i
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
In confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5; any ailment; consultation free. »4»
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkln.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES 1223 Market: ladlea*
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment, $5.
MSDICAL.
nRq~GOOD W^xT^hTweli-known Tad W^hysT
elan, formerly of 401 Van Ness mum^'i:
E_^pe with advanced knowledw; s^ara^
treatment X: f ttf * and J^ iable , _« In oca
'"' tia v . years' successful practice in s. v.
f^jtThomejJow fees. IOOP, Ma^ \v
rrr—^^"o^DOXXELL. the world-renow^
i.-W «w?c:alist: safe and reliable; has Prae :
g§lifi_____*_____:
:, R( , nr , ALLEN. 1C35 Market, ladles' pp«^T
lRt-'l R t-' tu^ranteed treatment at ofilce. $5; , ar(t
and -""'"* consultation free: hours 10 tJ j.
7^7, — r»\f-«< pierce. 10t Turk st.. th» tnttMst
D^ n^gg^J ! o ! rv Icr1 cr oace treatment >,
bn. Wisn. ih7l^T-7~^ialist IH3 Market
mi- every caae guaranteed. $o up.
_T»CEI.-tXEOC^^^~' ALB '
TirviTrT^r engines. 2-hand machinery. M?-
B ?NTOSH / WOLPMAX. 195-13? Fremont ...
wars hack bars mirrors' showcases. «un-
6t.. above Sixth. i
SAFES-Xew and second for banks m '«"**"*»•.
steamers, residences: P o ** o ' 6 ,^ff et J te x h ;
specie chests, bullion safes vaults, etc. Ths
Waltz Safe Co.. IOT-U1 Market St.. 3. V.. Ca-
a— nt'YS sells or rents gear machinery, ea-
glles boUers! water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
EDISOX concert phonograph. B^fJ^LUPL
$1CO: concert records. $2 60. BACIOA-.Ui'l.
«33 Market St.. gan Francisco.
GEXTLEMAX'S onyx ca .™£. £^°£V|2 r *_;
cost orlslnally »0. LNCLE HARRIS. U
Grant aye. _— .
Al LARGE flB» cow for aal*. CM Webster
street. _________——_——-
S TEXTS 12x14. on» 13x55. ona 55xS<\ dwa* a*
1649 Mission st. ,
BAR 3. counters, showcases. sneMar, , mirrorii.
bought, sold and exchanged. 10*3 Mlsalon it.
VIOLIN strings 4 cents. 25 Stockton street: old
gold bought; also sealskins bought.
SINGER sewing machine: In good order; cheajv
677 Natoma St., near Seventh.
DOMESTIC sewing ma<-hlne: 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near lath.
16 ELEGANT band uniforms* for sale, cheap.
G. A. FABRIES. 813 Shrader St.
ANT partlea having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 226 National aye. San Diego. CaL
FOR sale— Fox terrier pup. thoroughbred,
cheap. 2721 Sutter st. ¦
A 10-TOX FAIRBANKS seal* and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. * California it.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
nlar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mangs cure; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: *
air compressor; 6 loccmottvea. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants, $2 7S: Una suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. Sl3 Montgomery St.
BOILERS, engines, drill Messes, planers.lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. X BURKE. 133 Bcal«t.
NEW and eecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BEXTHAM. 1533 Market »U
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 518 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAXX SAFE CO.. 417-421 .Sacramento it.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
It pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLA:VEOUS WANTS.
WAXTED— 4MO feet second-hand tf_ 2 or 2V»
Inch Iron pipe for water purposes. Addresa
box KS4. Call office.
SECOND-HAND stereoptlcnn, lantern slides
and outfit: must be bargain. Box 3552. Call.
AMATEUR musicians to Join select orchestra.
32S Bush St., third floor, room 4.
SCRAP lrcn ar.d machinery bought. San Fran-
clsco Iron Yard. 204 Mission St.
GOOD second-band piano: must be cheap; cash;
no dealers. Box I.TO. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AXY proposition, any amount; I per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates. In probate, interest
In estates, legacies. Ufa Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEX, room 18. first fioor. Chronicle bids.
AVOID delay: try all others, then se« me; $50
to $100,000: S per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates !n probate, undivided Interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advtca
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. «32 Market.
ANY amount at S per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest. >eal estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R, McCOLGAX. 2» Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4B Market
st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AXY amount by private party on furniture anil
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BON'ELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny St.. rcom 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 535.
OX furniture and pianos without removal :qulclc
service; money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
(8 and S3. Ponohoe building. 11*0 Market st.
MOXEY to loan on real estate, notes, checks,
pianos and all kinds of personal property.
DEWING. 75 Chronicle building.
WANTED— A party with mopey who will loaa
on personal property at 2 per cent per month.
Addrrs3 box 2729. Call offlce.
MONEY loaned salaried people without aecur-
Ity. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Exchange. 4ZI
California st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 338 Parrott bulld^
Ing — Men can se— are loans on personal note.
WILL loan money on upright pianos reasonably
or buy for cash. Box 2720. Call office.
AT 1H per cent per month, on furniture. 1503
Polk St.. GTTO MAX.
LOAN'S to salaried people. TOU3LEY. 430 Par-
rott building- •
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndoi-er. MORRELL.-609 Examiner building.
|S0 TO $.'0,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEX. 413 Montgomery.
OX furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 118 MoAllUtar.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. <30 Market st.
TO salaried men, without collateral or lndorser:
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco r>i?c<vjnt Agency, 14.1 Ph»!an building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIX we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced pianos
where th?y can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchases
price allowed. We are selling new uprlghs
pianos for $8 per month, and some good piano*
fcr $3, $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts., San Francisco. ; corner Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the olde»c and largest bcusa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs ana
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terma easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleasa and satisfy tita
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER _ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
WE have some very fine bargains to offer you
to-day: cash or payments. MAUVAIS". 7C3
Market st.
DECKER & SOX. Packard _ Booths Bros.. a-»
ths names to remember when selecting a
piano. Full line at Mauvaia'. 763 Market st.
A VERY nice upright piano. $73; also a carload
rt fine pianos at reasonable prices. THE J.
DEWI.NG CO.. Flood building.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standar I
w an c 'ss;LT^ u N; e v,°p o i^ t prom>>t aaiea -
M SLIGHTLY used high and medium grada
pianos; special discounts for cash; open Sat
evening*. Hem» Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis »t.
SELL for storage— 2 uprights. $75; very fin*
Stelnway. $12.^ Wilson's Storage. 1710 Marke:.
LARGE upright piano; standard make; $_i;
call evenings. 1319 Powell st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos -
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spen.-er
warerooms. ISIS Market st.
G H°oVlf^ S . P 2lr^AS'r y . t neW; «***
BA . R ? A . IN ~ Good upright ; cheap. SCHMIX* H
McAllister it. next Hlbernia Bank? ;
S w^ I tl^t 1^ vlol ' n ». »ithers. old and new H.
MLLLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham pluee.
C^P, AP « ST * nd '""V 11 Amertca-The W»ekly
tv.iV- •»?*?"• ""J* to « n T addrees v th«
8MOUNT TAMALPfHS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry. :
Week days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Eundaya .....8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:43 p. ra.
Steam-heated closed car on all trians.
Far* — San Francisco to Summit and Return. I
81 40. • - , !
v/^ Dr.jGiibbon's Dispensary,
lfilVJ« ln «S3» tor the treatment of Private
R4 Ltk, JPOT Diseased, Lnst Manhixxl. Debility or
sSsg3&Sßra 'lUeasewjearingon bodyandmindand
**TtllWliiFfl sllln Diie&avs. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fail. Try him. Chnrsres low '
i**&ai**aa «'««••*• cnsirj»ii»«««.«l. Callorwrite.
Or. J. r. uIBBOJI, Box l»37,San VrancUca
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Anna O. or Anna C. Cosgriff to Annie Byrne
(wife of William J.), same; $10. ....
Robert MeLellan to Helen A. McLellan (wife),
lot on N line of Liberty street. 75 E of Dolores,
E 30 by N 76:8; gift.
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Emery E.
George, lot on SB corner of Twenty-third and
Sanchez streets., S 65 by E 26:9; $10.
Estate of Julius H. Medau (by executor) to
August Bu>«e, lot on E line of Dolores street,
yl7« N of Twenty-fourth. N 80:« by E 117:6;
H. and Elizabeth E. Ham to S. A.
Born, lot on -N line of Jersey street, SO E of
Diamond. E 40 by N 114; $10.
Lillle H and George R. Read to same, lot on
N line of Jersey street, 120 E of Diamond, E
Jean. Marie or Marianne Salanane. to Meyer
Ruef, lot on N line of Union street, 27 : C Eof
Kenrnv E 23 "6 by N 67:6; $5.
JoEphtne H Krtes to Hypolite Audlftred. lot
en N line of Sacramento street, 217:11 E of
Kearny E 20 by N 69:fi; $5.
Leon Auradou to Eugenic Auradou (wife), lot
on N line of Clay 39:1UW of Waverly
Pl Tarnes\vVand Amelia jVllenderson to Amelia
Aronson (wife of Abraham), lot or. N _ line of
Union Square avenue (Morton street), 183:4 fc. of
Stockton E 22 - ll by N 60: $10.
William llfT Marion H., Joseph W. and Mary
E. Phillips to Elizabeth W Sackman. lot .on
NW corner of Taylor and Sutter streets, W 137:6
y inrliTm and Anna Sass to Claus Pass, lot on
Wllne ot Kentucky street. 300 S of Sierra, W
10 Charfes 3 C *l?nd Nell Corbly to Frank Kealer.
lot on E line of Ninth avenue. 175 N of Califor
nia street N 25 by X 120; $1100..
San Francisco Land Company to Addle A. S.
Fallon. lot on W line of Eighth avenue,- 250 N
of Clement street, N 25 by W 120; $10, .'
Lnura T Edwards (formerly McKee. alias
Theresa L Edwards), to Annabel Barman (wife
of William) lot on W line of First avenue. 23 S
Sf DcethrtrMt (or California street South), W
"Annabe^and" William Barman to Bertha -F.
Smith lot on W line of First avenue. 3o S of
Deeth street (or California street South). S 60
bJ A W ert s and° Elizabeth Gruoerding to Elizabeth
M. Webster, lot on W line of Thirty-ninth ave
nue. 200 S of S street, S 50 by W 120: $10.
Leon and Veronica dl Nola to MT. Main, lot
on W lino of Fortieth avenue, 250 N of T street,
N 50 by W 120; $600. -
Ollle Scully, to Elizabeth O'Donnell. lot on W
line of California avenue.. 300 S of Fair street.
W 150 by S 30 lot 563. Preelta Valley Lands; $10.
James A. Johnston to William Jilge, lots 300
and 3T.2. Gift Map 2; $10.
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to Rosa
Tonzl (wife of Joseph), lot on N corner nf
Thirty-first avenue ami I street. NW 75 by NE
100 block 539. Bay View Homestead; $10.
Thomas Klrtley to Thomas G. Hansen. lot on
IN' line of Eighteenth, 350 W of Hattle, W 60 by
S S3. €2. block B, Park Lane Tract Homestead
* Daniel W. and Mary Collins to Elizabeth M.
Webster lot on NE corner of Thirty-fourth av
enue and Runnyslde street. W 25 by N 100, Sun
nyslde Addition No. l: $10
Clarence C. Burr to Emelle W. Burr, lot on
SW corner of Union and Oough streets, S 137:6,
W 156:7. N 137:6. E 195:6; gift. ¦
James P. Sweeney to Agnes V. Nolan, lot on
BW corner of Flllmore and Sacramento streets,
W 106:3 by S 79:6; grant.
Wlnneford Weir (Joyce) to John Weir, lot on
N line of California street, 206:3 E of Lyon, E
!5 by N 12«:SU: *W-
Morris and Augusta Heyman to PhUlp B. and
Laura K. Bekeart, lot on N line of Clay street,
137:6 E of Maple. E 40 by N 127:8H: $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Thomas
D. Quigley, lot on E line of Pan Bruno avenue
(Nebraska street). 175 N of Twentieth (Napa),
N 25 by E 100; $10. ?-..•-..¦.
William Of Winter to G. G. Wlckson, lot on
NW corner of Mission' street and S line of
Spring Vallry Homestead, being 197:6 from Is-
Vils, NW 100,- E 35. SE 80. SW 41:7; $10. •¦ •
Alameda County.
Cosmopolitan Mutual Building and Loan As
sociation to Joseph Devltt, all Interest in lot on
W line of Henry street. 150 N of Went: Third.
N 25 by W 125, being lot 40. block G, Bay View
Homestead, Oakland: $S.
Union Savings Bank to Edward Dolan, lot en
N line of Eighteenth street. 100 W of Brush. W
60 by N 100. being lot 11. block R. «arnes'
Tract, Onkland: $10.-
S. C. Bigelow to H. L. Holcrtm'). lot 37
block B. Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe
Tract, Oakland: also lot on NW line. of Howe
street, distant 438.34 feet from. N line of Moss
avenue, and also distant NE 56.14 feet from
8 corner of lot « 27, thence NE. 48.13, -NW
82.08, SW 45.75.5E 75.33. to beginning, being
portion of lots 26 and 27, block C. , Thermal
Hill, formerly the Howe Tract. Oakland; also
lots 14 and 16, block L, same; also lot on SE
line of Howe street, 96 SW of Mather. SW 25 by
SE 125. being portion of lot 17, block L, 1 same;
also lot on NW Una of Piedmont avenue, 251
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G T Glaser. Denver
Mrs J Spinney, Fresno
M Potts & dau, Chgo
R A May. Cal •
E D Heron. Colo Spgs
N N Nichols. Cal
X H Ust. P Alto
C B McKennon. Cal
H G McClure. Cal
A McClure. Cal
H A Mosher. Nile
E A Bruntsch. Almeda
T v Chrisman, Alameda
J T Perry, Petaluma
W J Harris, Cal
G W Hendry. Cal
A Clay, Sacto
J P Hopkins. Ross \
E L Lowe, Cal ;
J T Laird, Sacto
G C'Pardee, Oakland !
H C Hubbard. Stanfd
H H Atkinson. Stanfd
Cant • R Thomas. Cal
F F Dreckmann, Cal
P Wood worth. Cal
F W Hally. Alameda
J J Kennedy. S Jose
A M McDonald. Sacto
G Kellogg. Eureka
G R Georgson. Cal
J F Thompson. Eureka
J Hull &w. Cal •
S D Phillips. Cal ¦
J M Wallbrtdge, Yreka
J A Julien. Yreka
C Casedy. Yreka !
H H Wendrick. R Blufa
H R Hynes & wf, Mlnr. 1
;S Bartlan & wf, Minn
F Lee & wf, Seattle
A H Jones, Wls
J Weil. Sanger
E H Qulnby, Kans Cy
F M Chlttenden. Fies
M Biggs Jr. Orovllle
E L KurtE. New Ca.'tle
R C Scripture, Texas
C Schuar. Milwaukee
G Motheral. Visalia
F Hart & wf, Cal
Miss C A Rogers. Cal
H A Kldder. Sacto
Wm Thomas, Sacto
C O Ger, Cal
G B Gazolla. Angels
W C Comfort, Cal'
R T Bush. Pteller. Wsh
Mrs B Cohen & d. Caf
J M Strlenlng. S Rosa
Mrs T Hoigh S Rosa
W.J Kittrell & w. Cal
J B Dorsey. Fresno
J M Brooks, Manila
F H Busby, Cal
T. B Straven & w, Cal
E B Ray. Jacksonville
F W Farrar, Merced
J O Houser, Ptkton
J W Glenn, Stkton
G McMullen. Inpiencok
Mrs T A Winn. Cal
E Morey. Lorimore
M A Thomas. Ukiah
n Balfour. Woodland
S Loorge, Arbuckie
M Schlalr. Saeto
R M Clarke, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
A B Cohn. Pike County
H C Sharp. Phila
L J Mitchell. London
S Schlmmel. N V
O Reyneke. Paris
N J Thompson. N V
Mrs N J Thompson.
N V
L D Tyler. Pa
Mrs L D Tyler. Pa
C W Roane. Mass
F H Moon. Eau Claire
Mrs F H Moon. Wls
J B Agen, Seattle
II C McClure. S Jose
A McClure, S Jose
R Fernald. Cal
J T Lynch, Menlo
W W Foote, Oakland
T T Dargie. Oakland
S H Hodgklns. London
S C Tooker. Minn
W F Muir. Portland
PE- Moody, Portland
C L Hanson, Los Ang
A E Ross. Los Ang
W Rodlser. Chgo
M N Shaffer, N V
A E Twyford. N V
H Oustow, N V
L J Macfarlane. Lomln
R C Rogers. S Barbara
Mrs R C Rogers Cal
Mrs H M Yeriiigton.
Nevada
M S Bernstein, Cal
Mrs M S Bernstein,
Cal
D M Gulnson, U S N
S H Babcock. 8 Lake
W S McCormick. Utah
A P Carter. N V
A F Luenlng, Wis
R V Winston. Chrs
A J Balllet. Chgo
G R Armstrong. Mans
S W Myerfleld. N V i
G P Doan Jr, St Loult
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
F S Magulre, Boston j
J Maloney. Los Ang i
W E Elliott. Rio Vista
C C McCullough, D C
J Welsh. Benlcia
J D Welsh. Benicia
R E Burton. Benicia
Miss M Welsh. Benicia
F A Sylva, Manila |
G A Scott. Nebraska
F W Brodle. Davlsville
H Sumner. Merced
P C Murphy, Cal
J E Rene, Vallejo
L H Pearson & fam,
Los Ang
J B Lewis. Sacto
H Walker. Dallas. Tex
J D Green, Sacto
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership.— The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
style of lACCHERI & BACIGALUPI, doing
business in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, was on the 28th day of March. 1599. dis-
solved by mutual consent, MR. G. lACCHERI
having purchased the entire interest of G.
BACIGALUPI In the concern.
G. lACCHERI,
G. BACIGALUPI.
San Francisco, February 9, 1900.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furaiture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
McflVOY & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTOR^ A EMBALMERS,
1286 Market st, between Bth and Sth.
Telephone South ¦ 347,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 11. 8 d. m.
The follow-In* are the ¦ seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season »nd rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last This ¦ Last
¦ Stations— M hours, season, reason.
Eureka 0.00 34. 58 18.65
Red 81uff.... 0.00 • 15.09 13. v
Sacramento 0.00 13.71 7.85
Pan Francisco.... : 0.00 14.67 7.77
Fresno 0.00 6.14 S.Sfi
Independence .0.00 2.08 1.16
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 11.41 7.15
Los' Angeles 0.00 4.57 2.96
San Diego 0.00 2.64 3.73
Yuma ;....". .0.00 0.78 1.34
San ' Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
85; minimum, «: mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is fair over the Pacific Coast and
plateau region and cloudy and threatening over
the 'Rocky- Mountain .region. • Light snow has
fallen in portions of the latter section to-day.
The pressure han fallen rapidly over the cen
tral Rocky Mountain region and risen over the
upper Missouri . Valley. • ...
The temperature has fallen over the northern
portion of the Pacific slope and risen over the
southern. It Is generally ; above the normal in
most sections. ' •
High northerly winds *r* reported from th»
plateau region.
Conditions are favorable for falrweather in
California Monday and generally cloudy
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
223 Dev!s4^ero7T7?r«ri7a^ontgomery aveTHo
SSI Howard; 4 r 15441 Oak: J r 25
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FINE store and 4 rooms for barber and family
on B Et.. Ren Rafael: rent Jl2. Apply lo J.
CORTI. P. o. box 192. San Rafael.
VNION-SQUAUE bulMlng. opposite City of
Part;? Stockton and Geary us. — Elegant new
<.'. flees and stores.
STORE 3 rooms to let. NW. cor. Union and
Leavenworth >ts.. nr. the Union-st. carhouse.
IrO — STOKE: 2 show windows c.nd 5 large rooms;
adapted to ar.y Hi?lne»». <22 Klxth St.
OFFICES WANTED.
WANTED to rent— Orflce with bathing accom-
modation. WM. ECIIMITT. New Western
Hotel.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard, Pres. Et. Germain College of
Palmistry ; reads 1 to 8. Cl 6 Geary, nr. Jones.
" I»EItSO>ALS.
ADDRESS of MRS. ALLEN McDONALD,
widow. Address box 2568. Call office.
BARBER wants wlie, 2S years of age. to live
in raining camp- Address Poetofflce box
73.K0-.', l'hoer.lx. Ariz.
litLLJ^— OUUB X
IS NOT A LADY.
THE White Houso, 414 Jackton Ft., ha* been
run strictly upright aad Ilrst-clats far 2
months, t-o pay no attention to peace officers
cr ar.y on* else to the contrary.
C. P. LOITWED. Proprietor.
A. NT laSy calling on February IB to our cloak
er.S suit department will receive a eouvenir
epoon of the battleship Maino; worth while to
come. Eastern Outfitting Co., 13C6 Stockton
Kt., near Broadway.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica, the only hair tonic
that proves perfectly satisfactory. 3»c bot. ;
Leo>rer"s Foama ehampoo. Dc pkg. 123 Stock-
ton st. • ; .
LEDERER. the pormlar hairdresser, has the
neatest and sweetprt parlors In town; hair-
dresslng, 25c; manicuring. 25c; Veda Rouge is
the natural face beautlfter. 60c box. 12!
Ftockton st.
A FINE suit to order SiO 71 or pants SS 75; our
specialty In remnants aiiowa us to cell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS,
1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; I*l Kearny, near Sacto;
alro 1C44 Market et.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester j
Hotel. 44 Third rt.. near Market: 100 rooms;
I.c to tl SO per night; tl 50 to JR per week;
free 'bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade eos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders »o-
iiclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market St.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. Si 7 Jessie st.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co., 707 Devisadero j
St., near Grove. S. KINO.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third : tel. black 4121.
COLEMAN baya clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. 606 Kearny.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
cr no pay; book fcr stamp. « Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 148 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
FTAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORV. A.M.. Ph.D.. ISIS Linien. Oakland.
jFhotographic supplies.
POLYCHROME paper, rich in tone, easy t»
wcrk; low price; sample dozen 4x5 and devel-
crer mailed 25c. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
PARALYSIS:
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS:
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
ECROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES,
CONSUMPTION:
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all ether hare failed.
NO DRUGS'. NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. STRATTON. 607. 60S and WS, Far-
rrtt building. (Over the Emporium.)
Ijr C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
IC2H4 Market Ft_ bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL 2STATE CITY — FOR SALE.
a7^SL~£PECkX CO..
667 Market at., opp. Kearny.
tSO.OCO— Grand comer; 73 ft. front; H block
from Market Ft., not far from Sixth; rents t3OO.
X'b.diA) — Grand cor., 60 ft., within block of
Baldwin; positively the cheapest property
(dnwntown) In the city.
jr 5.0005 .000— Rare Investment: riclnity Powell and
G*a.rjr; 4-story bxicJt building; stores and lodg-
ln«-ri<mse above: 26 feet front.
J4s.ooo— Corner: rents t400; modern Improve-
ment?; lot fc r xl2s ft.
t^.J-K' — Near Eddy and Jones: store and II
rocrris above; modem: pays 7 per cent net.
114,000— Sixth St.; 75 feet front; rente t2*sO
j-ciriv: grx-.4 building; 4 stores.
K2.LCO— Tblrd Ft., about £5 feet from Market;
et(--r« ar.3 l.xiging-house; terms. H cash.
116.500— Mission St., near Third; best bargain
en Mission st. to-day.
JlS.<*v>— Grand investment; rents tISO.
f12,000— SE. cor. Mason and Washington; t2:B
sS2:<i: make offer.
110,000—3 modern flaw; Eddy st.j rents $1000
j.er annum; all rented.
17650— &1 x good flats; rents $950 yearly; down-
town, lot £0 :>et front.
1. - -.—. — }'_i«t St.; S good Cats; rents jso; lot
'iGGOO— Corner lot near Union Iron Works; 100
X 100: fine business cite.
% 2200— Cor. store and 6 room flat; rents t37;
foreclosure.
tITJO— Two nice flats: rents 116 50.
JTi.o— « room* and lot 45x72 ft.
A. M. SPECK & Co.. C 67 Market st.
A. M EPECK &. CO.. ™
667 MARKET ST.
Offer wanted: close to Bant* Fe ferry site;
SW. corner Folsnm and Beal* sts.; lot £2:lx
1X7:6, with improvements.
jlSrw-BARQAIN*: large IH-«tory, high stoop,
bay- window cottage; vestibule entrance; bey-
I«->d plate-glass double doors; handsomely
p*neled 7-foot wide hsJl. with winding stair-
case and 6^i-foot newel post: parlor 14x17:
wainscoted dining-room 12x14; sitting-room
>--x".«: wainscoted extension kitchen 10x11;
callings 12 fe^t 'high; ventilators; piaster cor-
nif-ee; p&ntry. glars clo«wrt, etc.; 2 bedrooms
snd bathroom upstairs: 7-foot high cellar un-
der sjl with double-door entrance under bay;
lot 25x120. with a ruFtie r table 19x?> at end;
magnificent view; all for I1S0O; no agents. J.
W. NEWTON. 130 12th aye., near X Ft., Sun- 1
**t district; * blocks from Golden Gate Park- j
MODERN Cats— t:SoO; containing S and 8 rooms 1
each: highly decorated and finished with all I
nr^ern conveniences; C2l Waller et.. one |
block from Haisrht and Pierce; easy terms.
F. NELSON. Builder.
IK y»u have lots in Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call on W. J. GUNN, CM California st.
J3ooo— "A BARGAIN" lot 2€xBo; Improve-
ment*: on Minna St.; Income property;
rented JC£ per month. Inquire 2264 Bush st. ',
CHEAP house and lot in pleasant location: on
Twenty-ninth et.. near Dolores. C. A. HOLM,
40» Thirtieth at.
FOR sale. chea.p— New 2-story houses, 7 rooms;
latest improvements: No* and Hill sts.; near
Caetro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
LOT 25x100 feet; Mission rt., near 80th; easy
terms; big Bargain. Apply 6f4 Ash aye.
NEW 7-room houte: tJOO cash, balance 125 per
mo. THE MCCARTHY CO.. C4B Market st.
INQUIRE 142 Fulton Bt.: fine flats; near City
Hall, within 2 blocks.
HKAL INSTATE COUNTKV Kor Sal*
COO-ACRE ranch; value J5000; exchange for city
improved. Bex 2577. Call office.
CHEAP land In nil parts of California. M.
GRIFFIN. 718 Market st.. near Call bldg.
J. W. HORN, Hi Main et., Petaluma; real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian bares. Send
for frr-~ !l«t of Fonoma County bargains.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALTFOn.NIA."2T2a— Sunny room; 1 or 2 gentle-
men; brcakfart It desired; private family;
references exchanged.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2300 Flllmore st.
ELLIS. 1416—2 large sunny unfurnished rooms
for light housekeeping; private family.
FELL. SCS— Nice sunny front room for light
housekeeping for lady with child.
FIFTH. 222— Housekeeping rooms; newly fur-
nished; reasonable terme^
FIFTH 2'D— Furnished housekeeping, », 2 or 4
rucms. tl'J to J2O; also single, U to t*.
FOLSOM. C"s— Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; II 60 weekly. -
FOLSOM. K4— Sunny front room and kitchen;
Flr.k. cloeets. bath; no children; private; U 60
week. '-- -: ?-•'
FOIjKOM. 1136— S sunny rooms, complete for
bou sekeeping. _j
HARRISON. 751—3 rooms: furnished complete
for ho-jnekeerlng: large yard; bath; rent t!3-
HOWARD, £30— -\ ice front room for light house-
keeping.
LEAVENWORTH. 515— Two unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; ground floor.
LEWIS. 18. off Taylor, near Post— Large room
and kitchen; newly papered; <S.
MARKET. IC2B— Two rooms unfurnished or
partly furnished; |6 per month
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
MINNA. 2S— Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms: 75c and $1 per week.
MISSION. 1241 — 3 furnished housekeeping
rocme; running water; stove.
OAK. Ill— Large eunny housekeeping rooms
and kitchen: rent moderate.
PACIFIC and Maeon, S. E. cor.— 3 large, sunny
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
POLK. 1918— Two or three rooms, furnished;
cheap; apply before 12 m.
SEVENTH. 2C2— Suite of sunny housekeeping
rooms: also single rooms; large yard.
SEVENTEENTH. 2111. cor. Capp— Two sunny
rooms for housekeeping; also single rooms for
gentlemen. _______———.—. —
THIRD. 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; first floor; bath, gas.
TWELFTH. 122. bet. Mission aad Howard— l
runny housekeeping rooms; gas stove.
VALTtNCIA. S34',i— Front room and kitchen.
furnished; hr.th; rent Sl3.
VALLKJO. 130J— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
cheap: murt be seen to be appreciated.
V\N NESS aye.. 1021— Front sunny parlor
suite; 2 or 3 rooms: kitchen; gas range.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement* and subscriptions has been opened
fct 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubucripticns has been established at 1038 Va-
lencia Bt. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pur.»criptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky >ts : open till 9 P. m.
ROOMS TO LET Pnrn. and I'nforn.
A^^Rl?N^wlcK~lHol?iE?^l4T~^lxt^R^oms
Tsc to tl per nlrht: Jl 25 to *5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT E2 Second— Nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms; $1 60 to $2 50 c week.
A -"'THE ELMER HOUSE." 3!4 Bush st.. ad-
Joinlng the Runs Hotel: E4 rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post. cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1426 Market tt. (old No. 13«4)-Fur-
niEhed rms.. suites, single; aj;o unfurnlahed.
CARROLLTON, 12C6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.— «unny corner: well furn.: rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmort.
FIFTEENTH. 1650— Neatly furnished room, 15
a month.
FOLSOM. ?65, ccroer Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooma; nultea or single: new mgmt.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport House)— Sunny rooms;
bay windows: run. water; gas; Jl 25 to 12 SO.
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GRANT aye.. ll' (The Wellington)— A family
rooming house; elegantly furnished rooms;
grates gas, bath, hot and cold water; &0c to
$1 » per day; $2 50 to |7 per week.
HANCOCK House. "SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; U SO to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 7844— Finely furn. sunny rooms;
bath; latest conven.; homelike; Jl week up.
HOWARD. €46— New house; latest improve-
ments; running water In every room.
HOWARD. S29— Clean, respectable; 25c-U per
night; tl-JJ per week: Howard cars to door.
JESSIE. <14— Single rooms to-let; $5.
LEIDE6DORFF. U»— Parties seeking a quiet
lodging-house please call; recently changed
hands and newly furnished.
MINNA. €67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 763— Fine furnished front room; 1 or
2 gentlemen: cheap to steady roomers.
O'FARRELL. 20— Bunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. IS22— Sunny unfurnished front
room with alcove and use of bath.
POLK. 1635— Very nice room; young man or
lady; ft per month.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. Ssc to tl &0; week, 12 to
S8; month, JS to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319 & 321 Ellis st.— Rooms
night. 25c to tl; week. Jl 2i to $4; open night.
6HERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH.' 13S— Sunny rooms suitable for two gen-
tlemen; quiet house.
STOCKTON. 603— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
single, double and housekeeping. ¦ n
SUTTER, 405— A large nicely furnished suite of
sunny rooms; suitable for man and wife or
2 gentlemen.
SUTTER, 717— Suite very choice and reasonable;
appreciated if seen: hot baths.
THE Oaks. lIS Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
VERONA place, 17. near 3d— Sunny rooms; Jl
up per week. _____^____
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk tt. ; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Ca.ll advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sty. : op*n till > p. m.
~ HOOMS WANTED.
SINGLE man wants an unfurnished room for
light housekeeping. Box 3576. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS? papered, from $3- whitened. Jl up;
painting done, nartman Paint Co., 819 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41S Montgomery St.. ream* 9-10: tel. EG2O.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency.l4s 6th; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: re-
palring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE of 9 stalls and yard. M Chesley st.,
between Seventh and Eighth, off Bryant.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell: tel. Main B7IS.
——————
TO~leaße^KenTl worth Inn; romantlcally^sitin
ated In Mill Valley; 50 minutes' ride from San
Francisco; completely furnished; 40 rooms;
eteam and hot water baths; electric lights;
heaters throughout; elevators, etc.; rent low.
Apply MADISON BURKE. «26 Market St.
UEDVTT TV ATWEPTICEAfENTC
dlKKlLci Alii£rKlloolt>i\lj
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Near the university; a thoroughly
well-built house of 9 rooms; all modern con-
veniences; extra large lot; street work • all
done; gas and el<vtrle lighting.
MABON * McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms, bath, "pantry,
bot and cold water, high basement, brick
foundation, fruit trees; large lot; near sta-
tion, school, churches, etoret*. 2 electric car
lines: price $1SW); only JlOO cart, balance 112 50
per month: take Berkeley train, get oft at
Lorin Station and ask for RUDOLPH &
PERKINS, office open Sundays.
BARGAIN— B rms.; modern- near cars, trains;
easy term*. AERAHAMSON, 111 Laurel aye.,
Oakland; open Sundays 2 to 4.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements «nd Kubscrlntlons received.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
?4_4900-ACRE stock ranch; well watered;
fenced; excellent buildings; half cultlvatable
land: good *i>il: cuts UOO ton* of hay; large
outside range; 30 per cent cash, balance can
remain at low rate of interest. -=, ."
JS— (4O ACRES, suitable for stock ranch; fenced
and cross-fenced; a portion cultlvatable; good
soil; plenty of water; wood sufficient to pay
for the place; small house; new barn: three
miles from Hearst stock ranch. Alameda Co.;
half cash, balance at low rate of interest.
•27 SO — 1900 ACRES; fine improvements; Income;
2i« acres fruit; tine opportunity for stock
half exchange city Income property; and bal-
ance can remain at very low rate of iterest.
J. W. COX & CO..
::: : -'-P:-: 606 Ninth st.
J3WV- GENERAL grocery rtore, etock, fixtures
and all; must cell before February 14; auc-
tion price for quick sale; no better location
in Oakland. ALDEN CO.. ?118 Broadway.
BARGAIN— Rich, modern, Oakland hone. Mrs.
E. C. Fortler, 2C9 Piedmont aye., Oakland.
TO ARRIVE*
Steamer Movements.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 6 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
ofp.ee of the company, 527 Market St.. on and
after Thursday. February 15. ISOO. Transfer
books will close on Friday. February 9, 1900,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 12.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February. WOOL
OAKLAND REAL- ESTATE.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
NE of Moss. NE S5 by NW 125. being the NB
15 feet of lot 8 and SW K> feet o« lot ». block
A. same. Oakland; $10. . .
Oakland Bank of Savings to Julius Cxolkow
skl, lot on SE line of Thirteenth avenue, 67
NE of East Sixteenth street. SE 100 by NE
33. block 90, Clinton. East Oakland; $300..
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to Oakland Transit Company (corporation) lot
on SW line of East Twenty-flrst street. 110 St.
of Thirteenth arentre, 58' 124- by SW 150, block
12S, same. East Oakland: also lot on SE line
of Fourtenth avenue, £0 NE of East Twentieth
street, NE 65 by SE 100, block 128, same. East
Oakland: $10. . • _
Cecil M. and Daniel F. CConheU to M. E.
Vincent (wife of Robert), lot an NW corner of
Thirty-eighth street and Telegraph avenue, N
50 by W 125, portion of lot ?. Perrin Tract. Oak
land; $10. "V
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Amos F. and Warren H. Blood, lots 163. ,153 and
154, section B, in plat 14. Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Township; $125.
Maud B. Camper to Maria Blood (widow), all
Interest in lots 103 and 162, s-ctlon B. in plat
14, same, Oakland Township: $1.
Warren H. and Charlotte L. Blood to same,
all Interest In same, Oakland Township; $1.
Maria Blood to Warren H. Blood, all Inter
est in lots 104 and 153. Section B. in Plat 14.
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland Township:
Maud B. Camoer to same, all Interest In
same, Oakland Township: $1. ¦ '¦
J. H. and Lizzie S. N. Young to Joseph A.
McOpwan. lot 9, block 61. lands adjacent to
Endhal. Alameda: $10.
Joseph A. McGowan to Kate McGowan. lot
9, block 11, ma.o of town of Alameda as sur
veyed by H. A. Hlgley, September 12, ISG7.
Alameda; $325. „_„
Robert R. Beard to Thomas Scott, lot on SW
corner of Second and J streets. W SO by S 100,
.being lot J, block 18. town of Llvermore, Mur
ray Township; $300. -
Mary A. Landreran to Jennie S. Burbank.
lot 7. block 15. Landrwtan Tract. Oakland
Township; $L _ . .
John and Elizabeth Kllborn to John and
Sarah Worthlngton, lot on SE corner of Twen
tieth and Market streets. B 116, S 100. W 9i:9
N 101:6 to beginning, being portion of lots S
and 4. Wock O, Curtis and Williams Tract,
Oakland; $10. . - ?
Eva a! Fry to Fred W. Fry, lot on W 11m
of McClure street, 60 N of Prospect, N 80 by
W 104 Oakland; also the S half of lot 5, block
H. Curtis & Williams Tract. Oakland ; also
lot 6, block J, Frultvale Station Tract, Brook
lyn Township: also lot 36. block 75, map of lots
in Brooklyn. East Oakland; also lot 33 block
B Fruitvale Station Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; also lot on SE line of Tenth avenue.
150 SW of East Eleventh street, thence loft. , SW
25, NW 150. NE 25 to beginning, being the 3
15 feet of lot 9 and the N 10 feet of lot 10,
block O, lands of Peralta Homestead Associa
tion. East Oakland: $500.
J M Atherton to F. A. Losh, lot on SE comer
of Fourth and Washington streets. S •¦>. by B
73. being lots 6. 7 and 8. block 30. Oakland:
also lot on N line of East Fourteenth street,
181.21 E of Thirteenth avenue, N, 6( '^",p J?,, 75 '
S 53, W 65 to beginning, being block 64, Clin
ton. East Oakland; $10.
Donald Woodrum to John H. Woodrum. lot
en NE line of East Twenty-fifth street, 215
NW of Nineteenth avenue, NE 140, NW o SE
line of Glen avenue, thence SW to NE line of
East Twenty-fifth street. SE 223 to beginning,
being a portion of lot 21, map of portion of
Highland Park, East Oakland; $10. _
L. G. and Mary I. Burpee to George E. Pat
ton, lot on N line of Thirty-fourth street. 3. 0:S
E of San Pablo avenue. E 50, N UO.m. J^^ 50 -
S 140:5>,4 to 'beginning, being lot 12. Cotter
Tract, Oakland; $10.
J V. and Florence Hull to G. F. W. Schultze,
lot on SW corner of Mllvla street and Char
ming way. W 60, S 135. E 40:10, N 135 to begin
ning, portion of lot 1, block 6, Barker Tract,
Berkeley: $10. • ,¦* ,
John Mulligan to Mary Mullisan. lot 9. block
113, tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association. Berkeley; $500.
J. P. and Rose Haller to Martin and Sophie
Johnson, lot on W line of Sixth street, 130 S
of Addlson. W 132. S 25. E 133. N to beginning,
Berkeley; $1200.
Eugenic C. Meyer Jtwlfe of Henry) to Joseph
D Layman, lot 7. block B, Hlllegass Tract,
"map 3. Berkeley: $100.
Blix Smith Hammer (wife of George) to Anna
H. Oscar (wife of Alfred)), lot on W line of
Uwrence street, 100 N of Jackson. N 50 by
W 100, portion of lot 22. Ghlrardelll Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $260.
The McCarthy Company (corporation) to E.
D Judd, lot 26 in subdivision B, Frultvale Ter
minal Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
E. D. Judd to Elizabeth J. Mlnturn, same: $10.
Cornelius McDonald (by Calvin B. White.
Sheriff) to Annie Sullivan, lot on N line of
Lydia street. 50 W of Curtis, W 60 by N 80:4,
block H, Curtis & Williams Tract, Oakland;
also lot on E line of Filbert street. 175 S of
Twenty-sixth. S 60 by E 125. block E of survey
northern extension of Oakland: $311.
Mary Carroll to Bridget McWalter, lot 29,
block 459. Brlggs Tract, Oakland; gift.
Bernard and Mary Gallagher to George
O'Mella. lots 62 and 63, Buena Vista Homestead,
Oakland; (10.
Florence M. McCann to Louise M. Haley, lot
S, block A, Suburban Tract, Berkeley: $10.
M. C. Nunan to James P. Daley, lot on SW
corner of Page and Sixth streets, S 50 by W
130, block 45, tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $10.
Louis F. Monteagle to Frank and Emily de
Freitas, lot 35. block C. Melrose Station Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10. ...
J. B. and Harriet C. Lanktree to G. A_ E.
Chrlstensen, lot on N line of Madison street.
175 E of High. N 124:6 by B 62:6. Alameda
(quitclaim deed): $10.
Julius A. and Elizabeth Remmel to George A.
Hughes, lot on S line of Pacific avenue, 75 E
of Chapln street, E 37:6 by S 150, Alameda: $10.
Ernest ..S. and Margaret Angel to G. F.
Chalmers, lots 23 and 24, block 66, map of town
of Niles, Washington Township (subject to
mortgage for $1000); $10.
building. Presidio. Interment National Ceme-
tery, Presidio.
THE members of late Company D, First Cali-
fornia Infantry, U. S. V.. are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our.'late com-
rade Frederick Lundin. Assemble at Lom-
bard-street entrance to Presidio at 2 o'clock
sharp. • " T. J. McCREIGH.
La«e Captain Company D, First California
Infantry. U. S. .V. .; . , .
McCAMMON— In this city. February 10, 1900,
Irvine A., dearly beloved husband of Mary
' X McCammon, brother of J. B. McCammon,
Mrs. T. C. James and the late S. H. Mc-
Cammon, son-in-law of Mrs. Dr. M.' Klip-
stein, and brother-in-law of Robert. William
and Matilda Kllpstein and Mrs. M. K. Spex-
arth, a native of Illinois, aged SO years. (Chi-
cago, 111., and lowa papers please copy.)
I^7" Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 267 Church street, near Market. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MARTIN— In Na»a. February 11. 1900, Mrs.
Margaret Martin, widow of the late Dr. Alex.
Martin of Pictou, Nova Scotia, and mother of
Mrs E. S. McLennan of Napa. Cal., aged 87
years. (Prince Edward Island papers please
copy.)
MATTOSON— In this city. February 11, 1900, at
143 Main street. Gus Mattoson. a native of
Sweden, aged 43 years.
MURPHY— In this city, February 11, 1900. at
his residence, 1322 Pierce street, Thomas Mur-
phy, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
NIELSEN— In this city, February 10, 1900,
Johan Holzer Nielsen, a native of Aarhus,
Denmark, aged 26 years and 11 months. A
member of Helga No. 3, Dania, and the Paint-
ers' Local Union No. 73.
JpTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, February 14, at 2 o'clock, from Helea's
Hall, 120 O'Farrell street, where funeral serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of Helga
No. 3. Dania. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of H. P. Peter-
sen & Co.. 228 McAllister street.
O'CONNOR— In this city, February. 11. 1900,
Anthony, beloved son of John and Rosle
O'Connor, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 7 days.
O' DONNELL— In this city. February 9, 1900,
Margaret, beloved wife of P. F. O'Donnell
of Tuolumne County, a native of Salt Lake
City, Utah., aged 40 years 1 month and 27
days. '
C7Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, . between
Eighth and Ninth, tlunce to St. Brendan's
Church for services at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. '
RAPHAEL— In this city, February 11, 1900.
Estella, beloved daughter of Robert R. and
Rika Raphael, and sister "of Jessie Raphael,
a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years.
RFEDY— In this city, February 10, 1900. Anna
M dearly beloved wife of John Reedy, be-
loved mother of Anita, John. Albert and
Irene Reedy, and sister of Henry F. Horn; a
native of Stockton, Cal., aged 36 years.
(Stockton, Merced and Marlposa papers please
copy-)
rrxFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 909 Dolores street, thence to St. James
Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the reDO?e of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SAN'DBERG— In this city. February 11, 1900,
Ruth Elizabeth, youngest and beloved daugh-
ter of John F. and Augusta Sandberc, and
sister of Edith. Gunner and Conrad Sandberg.
a native of San Francisco, aged 9 months and
14 days.
SCHAEFER— In this city, February 10. 1900,
Emille Scbaefer. beloved daughter of Wll-
linm and Louise Schaefer. and sister of Fritz.
Willy Elder and Lucie Schaefer. a native of
Ean Francisco, need 3 years and 21 days.
fry-Funeral private this day (Monday), at
2 o'clock, from the residence of her grand-
parents. Mr. and Mrs. Frledrlck Wickcrt. 1151
Valencia street.
SHINGLEBERGER— In this city, February 11,
1«00 Mrs Leah F. Shlngleberger, a native of
Berks County, Pennsylvania, aged 73 years 4
months and S days. (Philadelphia papers
please copy.)
EXlnterment private.
SOLOMONS— In Lincoln, Nebr., February 2,
1900 Leon Mendez Solomons, beloved eon of
Hannah Solomons, and brother of Mrs. M. E.
Jaffa of Berkeley and of Lucius L., Sellna
acd Theodore S. Solomons, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years 4 months and 3 days.
rryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 10:15 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr Lucius L. Solomons. 1909 Buchanan
street ' Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by 11:30 o1o 1 clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
WENDT— In San Rafael, February 10, 1900.
Anna Theresa Wendt, beloved daughter of
Charles E. Wendt. and sister of the late
Harry Wendt, a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years 7 months and 10 days. (San
Jose papers please copy.)
rCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WHALEN —In this city, February 10, 1900,
Nicholas Whalen; a native of Ireland, aged
68 years. • .' ', "I
WIMMER-— ln this city, February 1L 1900,
Marj' Wlmmer, beloved mother of Mary Stof-
fer, a native of Longford, Ireland, aged 58
years 1 month and 0 days.
WYSHAM— In Berkeley, February 10, 1900.
Henry Clay Wysham, beloved husband of
Elizabeth Wysham, a native of Baltimore.
Md.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices
this day (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, at St.
Mark's Church, Bancroft way, between Dana
and Ellsworth streets. Berkeley.
weather with light ram or snow and colder over
Nevada and Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hoars
ending midnight Febzruary 12. 1900:
Northern Callf<Jtrnla— Fair Monday: continued
Warm; brisk northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; continued
warm: brisk northerly wind.
- Nevada— Cloudy, probably with rain or snow
in northern portion Monday; colder, f'
Utah — Cloudy, with rain or snow Monday;
colder.
Arizona— Cloudy Monday, with rain or enow
In north Dortion;- colder.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
brisk northerly wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1900.
AN'absolute bargain; ITOO for a a corner lot
on Grove St.; 50x90; other buys in proportion:
small cottages for sale, J7EO and upward, ac-
cording: to size and location; building lots on
or adjacent to Telegraph avenue. Grove et.
or 6an Pablo aye. a epecialty; in wrltrng
•tate limit of Investment, Blze of lot and loca-
tion desired. R? J. MONTGOMERY. 470
Thirteenth St., Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND Branch Office ot The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriDtlons received.
OAKLASD HOUSES TO LET.
U-ROOM modern residence; furnished or. un-
furnished; desirable location. THE McCAR-
THY CO., 646 Market St., B. F.
OAKLAND FtJRMSHED ROOMS.
FRANKLIN. 1417— Sunny rooms; nerwly ftir-
nlcbed; near to narrow gjaure.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
1 moved to 111$ Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
t isements and subscriptions received.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High *nd Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both places.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
•OHXITRRSI rAriVIC CnJIFANX.
(PACIFIC SYSTIM.)
Tl ¦!— ) !*•»»«- aad are tlue to »trrl»» •»
MAN I'll »N «:i*«-O.
(Main lice. Foot of Market Street)
isatr — i**oif Dkczubxb 15. 1339. — ASJtrra
*7:O«a Benfcla. Suisnn. Ehaira. VaoarOe.
Ruinsey ami .Sacrnrrento *Ti-i3r
•7:004 SbttU Express— I>a*X Willows,
Red Bluff Portland *7f43»
¦7i3Oa Martinez, San Karacn, VaHeJo. Napa,
CalUtoga ami Santa Rosa ••»!»»•
*Si3*a The OT^rlaa.l Uiiilrtl-OgJon. Den.
rer, Omaha. Ch!c3S3 *3>l3ai
•SiSOa San Jose, liTennore. Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Fiaeerrilla,
MausTlHe. Chicn. ltstlUlutl MilS*
-•»!••» •MHton.Oakrtaleacd Honor* M:ISy
•t»r««»*Jlars»ri!s. NP.m an.l Way Stations. •! IMm
•9:O4»ASsTia> Woodland. Knisht* Landing.
Marysrille, OraiiUe. •7j-I3*
• 9i«O» Atlanta Kxpresa— Ogden snd Eaat *U:13%
•»i«Oa Marlines Tracy. LatUop, Stockton.
Merc-aindfreKia MSiI-If
•3:<i->a Pert Cc*U, i'resno, Mojavo and Los
Angelm •Oi-ISp
•I 0:00 v Vallejo. Martinez ar.d Way Stations •6:-l3*
•1 1 :OO \ Haywarcla, NUea ard Way Stations. *2>43»
•I2:«O* Mjrs. LWennore. Stockton. Sacra-
¦aenta Mendota. Hanford. Visaiia,
Fcrterjille •iif*B
f l:»«p Sacramento ltirer Btenmei9 ?**•••
•3iOOp Haywards. Nlfcs and Way Stations. *3i43»
¦4tO«p Martinez, i-.an K.imon. Villcji).
Napa, Callatogft. .Santa Itoea *9i19«
•4>«a>r Benicia, Vaeavitlo. Haeramentot
Wootlisn.}. Kutghts Landisg,
MarjSTUle, Orot ille •!•:«»
MiaOrUGe*. San Joce and Btockton *7>l3r
•S;#O*Th» Owl Lusited— Tracy. Fresno.
• B&kercfleld. Sanr.ia fcr Santa Bar-
bara, l.ct AEselc*. •Ii»il3»
«3:00p Suctet Limited— El Faso. New Or-
leans anil East elOt-I.l*
•3i3op Stockton. Mereeil. Fresno •15»i13*
•3:aor iYesuo, HakeißimM. Nau«» U.irhur*.
I.oj Angeles, Dcminj. £1 Puo,
New Orleans and East *9*«3«
•3>S»p BanU V» Itonte— AtHuitlo Exptei*
for Mojav* and East •«»I3»
•BjflOp Haywarad, NQes and Km Jose *Ti »•"»*.
tfli.-iUp Vallejo •13ilS»
•o:3u r Oriental Mafl—Ozden and East •»:.-%•»
J7:oop Vallejo. I'orS C<mU and Way Sta-
tions. :»:33#
•SiOSr Oregou and California fcVxpress,Ma«.
nunento. MarjaTille, Jte<Vllnc,
Poitlan.l. Pnge> Hound and Kan* *»»I3>
©•AST DIVISION (Xarron GaageJ.
' (Foot cf Market Street)
*B:13a Newark, Center? iile. H*a Jose,7el lon,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cm* and Waj
Stations •SiOt
t2il.Tr Newark. Centerrille, h»n Jcse, New
Almaden, Ftltcn, lto&lder Creek.
BanU Crcz and riiscljal W*«
Stations fl«t»»«*
MilSrFmik,Uia Jose, Los Gatoa •Oi3»*
|llat3p Hnnten' Ezcuzaion. San Josa and
[ Wayatatjona... H«***
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtsjSU ratICISCO— FMt »f Nitkil tirnl (S!i» «>—
•7:15 9:00 IIKJOI.X. {1:03 *2:09 »;C1
•|:C0 tS:CO •fl:C3f.«l.
rr«aoinil3— rMltrßroiiva;.— '6:9o 8:00 ia:M».if.
t!3:CT "I:C3 13:03 «3::3 tt:C3 'fcCCr.ii.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (}«as;e).
(Third and Townaenti St*.)
I*ilOa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. t*»3or
•7iOO» Ran Jose ami Way BUUuoa (New
Ahnaden Wednesdays oulj) •liSOy
•oi«o.t Ran Jose, Tres Vim*. H.mU Cm,
' FaciAo «iro.#. I'aai lloblcs. Ban
s Luis OM*r<>. I'f-rt, LOBI9OO aud
Principal Waj Stations •••»!•»
•I •«!«* San Jose aad Way Stations '. •Hj.TI a
•I1i:m»a Ban Jnse aud Way Stations. *9*80»
tSHSp San Mateo, ltedwood, Meclo Park.
Palo Alto. Hant* Clara, San Jose.
Tn*> Ptsos. Santa Cniz. Salinas,
Monterey and l'acillo tirore...... tlOiM*
•3iS«rBsaJosesDil Way (Stations *7:3i>?
flslSp San Jose ami Princrpal WaySUtloua •9:1.1*
f3:OOp San Jose aad Principal W»; Stations 1»:O»*.
•StSOp Ban Joaa anj Principal Way Stations *ft:3.l«,
•6:.10p San Josa and Way Stations t*:«OA
|11»45p San Jc»e and Way stations «7»3«»>
A for ilominj, P tor Afternoon.
'Sally. t Bnnilay eicepted. t isucday on!/.
& Saturday only.
MTm**A*n and Fridays « Thursdays sod BamdatsV.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND - NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlboron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
_JBAN FRAJJCISCSO TO SA.N RAF.VEk
WEEK DATS — 730. J:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 13: H.
S:W, (:10 «:J0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl9
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra, trip* at I:**
and ll:tt p. m. ".-*~
SUNDAYS — «;*>. I:S>. U a. m.; I:JQ. fJ»m
6:00. 1:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEIi TO BA.N rRANCISCSO.
WEEK DATS— «:I«. 7:80. »:». U:M a, m.: tfrUj
1:49. 6:10 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trip* at I:SJ
and 1:15 p. m.
EUNDAVS— «:IO. >:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40. S:OS.
«:2S p. ra.
Between San. Francisco aad Scbnetzen ParM
same schedule as above. __^^^^
, Leare I ArrtT*
Ean Francisco. In Effect | Pan Francisco.
, October 13. • 1
Week I Sun- 1399. f Sun- ) "Wee*
Days. I days. Destination. I days. [ Day*.
7: JO am 8:00 am Novato. 110:40 am) »:48 a.-n
I:J3 pm t:n am Petaluma. I 6:CS pm 10:23 am
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. I 7:51 pm[ 6:23 ;m
Fulton. I
I:S8 am Windsor. U:23 a<a
Healdsburg;.
Lytton.
Geysenrllle.
I .SO pm i.-OO am Cloverdale. 7:S pm t.a pta
7:30 ami IHopland and! J
I «:(» ami Uklah. I 7:85 pnif «:3 m
T:tOamj j j |10:S aa»
I 1:80 am CueraeTllle. I 7:35 pm!
I: JO pm| f_ 1 f «:a pm
7:10 am Tibo amj Sonoma 110:40 arcl 3:40 a;a
I and j 1
S:10 pm 5:00 Pml^lßnJCj^a^f C:Csjpmf C-82 pra
7:3u ami 8:00 amj Sebastopoi. 110.4.1 am ; W::."> am
3:30 pml 5:00 pml I 7:55 pmj i:?i ym
Etaares connect at Santa Rosa, for Mark West
Fprinir* and Whit* Sulphur Springs: at tiyttoii
fer Lytton Bprinrs: at Geyser«n« for Skass*
Springs; at Clo-»«rdal» for the Oeys^rs; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KelseyrUl-. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Laie-
port and Bartlett Springs: at UkUh for Vichy
Bprings. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Rrwerstde. Lisrley*.
Bucknell'*. Banhedrtn Heights, Hullvtile. Urr- »
Hot Springs. Ifendocino City. Fort Bre<f.
Westport. Usal. WUIIU. Laytonviu*. Cum-
tclnfs's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
¦ Scotia and Eureka.
i Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r*.
; iuced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to an points
beyond Ean Rafael at half ratea,
1 Ticket offices. «30 Market St.. Chroniet* bid*.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
Oencrsl Manager. Gen. Pazs. Agent.
RfIUFORNifI "Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train acros* the continent.
ConnectisoTj^aix Leaves* Sa^ Fkascisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Cfaicazo at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leares San Francisco at 5:30
fVDOF^^ p. m. with Palace and Tourist
n.iiv cars for Kansas City, St. Louis,
UAIL 1 Chicago and Cast.
Local tr.iin<« between Stockton. VALLEY
Fresno, Ilanfonl, Visalia, Xnlaxe ornn
and Bake»field. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
•FDicf-fj caan Market Street. Phone Mai a
way; Sacramen-. 0.201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VJfi S.iusallto Ferry
Commenclne October 1. 1339.
FROM SAS FRANCISCO TO MILL VALUtT
AND SAN RAFAEL. ,
WEEK DATS— *7:00. •»:«). 11:08 a. m.: 1-tS,
•1:40. 6:15. 1:00. (:30 p. m. ¦ \, ¦
I EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San H*-
, (ael. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at »:00 and 11:30 am. -\
SXWDAYS— »B:OO. «10:00. WOO •» m.; "laj.
I:1S. M:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
I Trains marked «•) run to San Quentln.
j FROM SAN RAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:«. t^SS. 1:43. *9:40 a. m.j
•12:80. J:l5. •«:«. »5:15 p. m.
EXTJIA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays aaj
! Saturdays at <:40 and 10:15 p. m.
BUNDATB- «:». *»:00. »10:00. «U:43 a. m.f
•1:40. »S:l5. 4:43. ««:30 z>. m.
Trains marked «•> start from San Cnentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. i:45. 7:Si. >:45 <*. m.j
12:55. t:33. 8:45. r,:2f> p. m.
KXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 a m.
1 SUNDAYS- 8:05. 10:05 a. m.: 12:C5. X-.U. t.tt,
1:00. l:iS p. m.
? THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way statlona,
l; 00 a, m. Buciays— Tcmais* aad way lUUoa**
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will net be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CURRAN— In this city. January 4, 1900. to the
wife of Thomas E. Curran, a son.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column stives the second tide of
the day. the third, time column the third tide
and lh<* last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the- charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, February 11.
Etmr Matte^wan. Croscup. 5 days 2'i hours '
from Tacoma. via Port Angeles 4 days IS
hours, with atmr Washtenaw In tow.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 35 hours from Van
"ltmr Washtenaw. GUboy. 10 days from Cora
ox, via Port Angeles 4 days IS hours. In tow of
stmr Matteawan. •
Stmr Queen. Jersen. 58 hours from Victoria
and Puget Pound ports.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 21 hours from Moss
Landing and way ports.
Stmr Albion. Ertccson. IS hours from Albion, j
Stmr Newsboy. Walvlg. 20 hours from Usal. |
Stmr Ruth. Lundquist. 22 hours from Eureka.
Btmr Navarro. Jensen, 28 hours from Eureka, j
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. IS hours from Caspar,
"tmr Orizaba. Parsons, 20 hours from Eureka. |
U S stmr Nero. Hodges, 93 days from Guam,
via Honolulu 13 days.
Br stmr Victorious. Thompson, S3 hours from
Chemainus. hound to the FIJI Islands; put In
for ba.'ance of cargo.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, S4 hours from Che-
m Aus"stmr Slam. Valentine. 36 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 27 days.
Bark Genuania. Rasmussen. . days from Se
"Vch'r Monterey. Beck.' 70 hours from Coos Bay.
Schr Occidental, Roslch, 58 hours from Eu
"schx Sparrow, Dart. 3 days from Eureka.
SAILED.
Sunday. February 11.
Btmr Charles Nelson. Anderson. Makawell.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Ptmr San Pedro. Zaddart. Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridgett, Ventura.
Ger ship Theadcr. Arfmann, Queenstown.
Fr bark Gen Neumayer. Bacheller, Queens
town.
Bktn Monitor. Forest.
Schr Gotama. Johannissen. Coos Bay.
Schr Melancthon. Olsen. Coos Bay.
Schr J G Wall. BJomstrom, Eureka.
Schr Coqullle, Pearson, Coqullle River.
Schr A M Baxter. Marshall. HUo.
Schr Conflanra. Christiansen, Coqullle River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 11, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 6 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Aus stmr Slam— Fen 8. lat 37 23 N, lon
123 45 W, bark McNear, from Tacoma, for
"DOMESTIC PORTS.
HUENEME— Arrived Feb 11— Schr Peerless,
from Port Blakeley. ¦-
NEWPORT BEACH— Sailed Feb 11— Schr Ex
celsior, for Port Blakeley.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Alca
traz, hence* Jan 10.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Feb 11— Haw
stmr San Mateo, for Oomox.
Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Mlneola, from Comox.
SAN PEDRO^-Salled Feb 11— Schr Falcon, for
Port Gamble: stmr Luella. for, San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 11— Ptmr Westport. for
San Francisco: Btmr Humboldt. for Seattle;
schr Serena Thayer, for San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb. 11— Sctir Barbara
Hernster, for San Francisco.
.PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb U— Ship
Slntram and schr ,Wm H Smith, from Hono
lulu.
Sailed Feb 11— Ital bark Cavour, for .
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 10— Stmr Czarina, for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PORTLAND. Me— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Van
couver, from Liverpool.
ST MlCHAELS— Arrived. Feb 11-Stmr Werra.
from New York, for Genoa, etc.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb U— Stmr Campa
nia, from Liverpool, for New York.
DIED. My-ii'
Auradou, Alexandre McCammon, Irvine A.
Benn, Daniel Martin, Mrs. Mar-
Burcbard. Gustav garet
Clarke, Robert McN. Mattoson, Gus
Crosble, Henry G. Murphy, Thomas
Curran, Emmett J. Nielsen. Johan H.
Day, Louise O'Connor, Anthony
Dougherty, John O'Donnell, Margaret
Fennema, Gesine G. Raphael, Estella
Fernandez, Christina Ready, Anna M.
Gamble. Brldeet Sandberg, Ruth E.
Gilmore. Michael Schaefer, Emllie
Greene, Annie M. Shlngleberger, Mrs.
Haley, Rose Leah F.
Hannan. Michael J. Solomons, Leon M.
Kawhevaroff, Wm. G. Wendt. Anna T."
Kuhen, Martha J. Whalen. Nicholas
Lawrence, Henry Wimmer. Mary
Lundin. Frederick Wysham, Henry C.
AURADOU— In this city, February 9, 1900.
Alexandre Leon Auradou, beloved husband of
Eugenic Auradou, father of Antolne L. Aura-
dou and Mrs. Marie Dumont, father-in-law of
Ch. A. Dumont and Mrs. Ida M. Auradou,
brother of Jules Auradou, brother-in-law of
Mrs. Jules Auradou. and uncle of Jules, Jean
and Louise Auradou, a native of France, aged
64 years 11 months and 12 days.
ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 . o'clock, from his late
residence. 1309 Powell street, thence to Odd
Fellows 1 Hall. Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Franco-American Lodge No. 207, I.
O. O. F. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BENN— In this city. February 11. 1900, Daniel
Benn, beloved brother of Michael, Hugh,
Mary and James Benn and Mrs. John Power,
a native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 28
years.
GTFriends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:!0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, i007'4 Natoma street, off Eleventh,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mans will be celebrated for the
repo.«e of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURCHARD— In this city. February 10. 1900,
Gustav Burchard, beloved brother of Mrs. P.
Kock and John H.. Fred and' Adolph Bur-
chard, a native of Holsteln, Germany, aged 45
years.
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, near
Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CLARKE— In thitf city. February 11, 1900, Rob-
ert McNeil Clarke of Carson City, Nev., aged
62 years.
CROSBIE— In the City and County Hospital,
February 11, 1900, Henry G. Crosble, a native
of Canada, aged 41 years.
CURRAN— In this city, February 11, 1900, Em-
mett J., beloved son of Thomas E. and Erina
A. Cnrran, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 7 days.
DAY— In this city. February 11. 1900. Louise
Day, a native of Frankfort, Germany, aged
70 years.
ICXNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DOUGHERTY— In San Rafael, February 10,
1900, John, husband of Katherine Dough-
erty, and father of John Dougherty, Mrs.
H. Palmer and Mrs. F. P. Clark, a na-
tive of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 73
years.
|Cs"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funer*! to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2:SO o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his daughter. Mrs. H. Palmer. 21S2H
Howard street, thence to St. Charles Church
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
FENNEMA— In Elmhurst. February 10, 1900,
Geslne Grace Fennema, beloved daughter of
Charles and Catrlna Fennema, aged 3 months
and 17 days.
FERNANDEZ— In this city, February 11, 1000,
Christina, beloved widow of the late Colonel
J. L. Fernandez, and beloved mother of Frank
L., Joseph M. and Anthony Fernandez, a na-
tive of Sonora, Mexico.
GAMBLE— In this city. February 11, 1900, Brid-
get, beloved wife of Patrick Gamble, and
mother of Richard J., William E., Annie E.
and Peter F. Gamble and Mrs.. D. Sweeney, a
native of County Longford, Ireland, aged £3
years.
GILMORE— In this city, February 11. 1900,
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Catharine
Gilmore, and beloved father of John. Mary,
Catharine, Michael, Annie, Rose, Gertrude
and Robert Gllmore, a native of Ireland.
GREENE— In this city, February 10, 1900, Annie
M., beloved daughter of Hannah Greene, and
sister of B. S. Greene, Mrs. Robert Carrftll
and Mrs. Ivy Greene, a native of San Mateo
County. Cal.. aged 30 years.
ityThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 28 Fifth street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALEY— In this city, February 10, 1800, Rose
Haley, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years
HANNAN— In this city, February 10, 1900,
Michael J. Hannan.' beloved brother of Mary
Hannan, Mrs. Daniel Desmond and John Han-
nan of Boston, Mass., a native of Roberts
Cove, County Cork, Ireland, aged SO yeare.
I«ate member of the Marine Firemen's Asso-
ciation. (Boeton papers please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry 3. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Brendan's
Church, corner of Fremont and Harrison
streets, where a solemn high mass will ,be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KASHEVAROFF— In this city. February 10,
1900, William G. KashevarofT. a native of
Russia, aged f>% years and 1 month.
KUHEN— In this city. February 10, 1900, Mar-
tha J.. beloved wife of Frederick Kuhen. and
mother #f Josephine Kuhen.. Mrs. G. E.
Peace, Mrs. S. Watson and Emllie Kuhen, a
native of Schleswlg-Holsteln, aged 6$ yean
4 months and 12 days.
C7"Funeral private. Please omit flowers.
LAWRENCE— In this city. February 10, 1900.
Henry Lawrence, beloved husband of Anna
Lawrence, and father of Dora. Laura and
Learto Lawrence, a native of Denmark, aged
CS years and 2 months. .
(ETTrlendf and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the oarlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636. Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LUNDIN— In, Manila, April 25, 1899, Frederick
• Lundln, beloved son of Mrs. Ohstrom, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 28 years. A member of
Company D. First California Infantry, U.
S. V. " * ¦ -- ¦;
• CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Y. M. C. A.
HENRY d GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan ft Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKR3,
to Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone ¦ South JO. '^USSSOKKM
9
Su. Mo To. W« Th. Fr. S»-
r T 8
-^FlmQuartar,
11 it M M U W n WFebrnarrli.
IT !» HIT IT ~n_ t»_ **_ : —
"»* «T rr "*T (f? !••¦« Quarter,
Sun rise* 'Of
Sun sets 5:45
Moon seta 538 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? I, W H W L W H W
12 ... B:S2 J.B 9M 5.« 4:W-0.2 .11:05 8.0
18 ... 4:38 2.5 10:40 5.« 5:04 0.0 11:38 5.1
14, ... 5:15 2.3 11:22 5.4 6:3J 0.3
H W L. "W H W L. VT
15 ... O:2S 5.2 5:53 2.1 12^3 1.2 6:03 O.«
18 ... 0:53 5.2 6:S> 1J 12:42 4.9 6:31 1.0
17 ... 1:19 5.1 7:08 1.7 1:23 4.6 7:00 1.4
IS ... 1:42 5.1 7:44 1.5 2:OS 4.3 7:29| l.«
Steamer. Frcm. 1 Dne.
Corona San Diego IFeb. «
Coquille River.. Grays Harbor jFeb. 12
Sunol ..Grays Harbor Feb. 12
Arcata ]Coos 8ay.... Feb. 12
Czarina IPugret Sound Feb. 13
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 11
Columbia Portland Feb. 14
Bonlta Newport Feb. 1*
Aloha Crescent City Feb. 14
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 15
Point Arena ... Point Arena Feb. 15
Samoa Humboldt Feb. la
MaTkfnaw Settle Feb. 15
A. Blanchard.. Coob Bay Feb. la
Wellington Oyster Harbor Feb. lo
Pomona San Diego Feb. 16
Aberdeen Portland Feb. 1«
Walla Walla .. Victoria & Pu^et Sound Feb. IS
Titania Nanalmo Feb. 16
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Feb. 16
Coptic China and Japan Feb. 17
Coos Bay Newport Feb. M
Homer Portland Feb. IS
State of Ca1.... Portland .Feb. 19
Peru Panama 'Feb. 10
Steamer. I Destination. I Salt«. | Pier.
State of Cal Portland Feb. 12. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... !N>wport Feb. 1!. - » am Pier 11
Orizaba ... Humboldt Feb. 13. 2pm Pier »
Cleveland . Kahulul Feb. 13. 12 mjPler 34
Corona San Die S o Feb. 14. 11 am Pier 11
Coos Bay Feb. 14. 10 am Pier 13
Coaullle Rv Grays Harbor Feb. 14 .•-.
Qu?"n ..5.. Vlci PEt Sd. Feb. 15. 10 am Pier 9
A Blanch'd Coos Bay Feb. 15. 5 pm|Pler 13
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 16. 9 aznjPier 11
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 19am|Pler24
City of Rio China & Japan Feb. 17. 1 pm'PMSS
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 17, 2pm Pier 2
Pomona ... San EHeeo..... Feb. 18. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt Feb. IS. Sam Pier 2
City of Para Panama Feb. 13. 12 m PMS3
Su. Mo To. W« Th. Fr. S»-
r T 8
-^FlmQuartar,
11 it M M U W n WFebrnarrli.
IT !» HIT IT ~n_ t»_ **_ : —
"»* «T rr "*T (f? !••¦« Quarter,
Sun rise* 'Of
Sun sets 5:45
Moon seta 538 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? I, W H W L W H W
12 ... B:S2 J.B 9M 5.« 4:W-0.2 .11:05 8.0
18 ... 4:38 2.5 10:40 5.« 5:04 0.0 11:38 5.1
14, ... 5:15 2.3 11:22 5.4 6:3J 0.3
H W L. "W H W L. VT
15 ... O:2S 5.2 5:53 2.1 12^3 1.2 6:03 O.«
18 ... 0:53 5.2 6:S> 1J 12:42 4.9 6:31 1.0
17 ... 1:19 5.1 7:08 1.7 1:23 4.6 7:00 1.4
IS ... 1:42 5.1 7:44 1.5 2:OS 4.3 7:29| l.«
Steamer. Frcm. 1 Dne.
Corona San Diego IFeb. «
Coquille River.. Grays Harbor jFeb. 12
Sunol ..Grays Harbor Feb. 12
Arcata ]Coos 8ay.... Feb. 12
Czarina IPugret Sound Feb. 13
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 11
Columbia Portland Feb. 14
Bonlta Newport Feb. 1*
Aloha Crescent City Feb. 14
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 15
Point Arena ... Point Arena Feb. 15
Samoa Humboldt Feb. la
MaTkfnaw Settle Feb. 15
A. Blanchard.. Coob Bay Feb. la
Wellington Oyster Harbor Feb. lo
Pomona San Diego Feb. 16
Aberdeen Portland Feb. 1«
Walla Walla .. Victoria & Pu^et Sound Feb. IS
Titania Nanalmo Feb. 16
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Feb. 16
Coptic China and Japan Feb. 17
Coos Bay Newport Feb. M
Homer Portland Feb. IS
State of Ca1.... Portland .Feb. 19
Peru Panama 'Feb. 10
Steamer. I Destination. I Salt«. | Pier.
State of Cal Portland Feb. 12. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... !N>wport Feb. 1!. - » am Pier 11
Orizaba ... Humboldt Feb. 13. 2pm Pier »
Cleveland . Kahulul Feb. 13. 12 mjPler 34
Corona San Die S o Feb. 14. 11 am Pier 11
Coos Bay Feb. 14. 10 am Pier 13
Coaullle Rv Grays Harbor Feb. 14 .•-.
Qu?"n ..5.. Vlci PEt Sd. Feb. 15. 10 am Pier 9
A Blanch'd Coos Bay Feb. 15. 5 pm|Pler 13
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 16. 9 aznjPier 11
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 19am|Pler24
City of Rio China & Japan Feb. 17. 1 pm'PMSS
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 17, 2pm Pier 2
Pomona ... San EHeeo..... Feb. 18. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt Feb. IS. Sam Pier 2
City of Para Panama Feb. 13. 12 m PMS3Trapper"! Oil cures rheumatism & neuralgia.
Druxcista, toe naek. Richards & Co. 406 Clar.
WALLACE ANDERSON.
ticeshlp and was drawing Journeyman
wages. •He and his brother supported
their widowed mother. The loss of her
boy has proved a sad blow to her. *
Come Just to Look
Beautiful
Chlnaware
Crnckerf
GlaMtrare
Lamp*
Ornaments
IVoveltie-
Clock*
LOWEST PRICES.
Come Just to Look.
Great American Importing Tea Ga
Stores Everywhere.
xoo Store*.
GOLDBERG. BOWTN * COS &TCCXAL SAVE?!} SALS
CHINESE GROWING WARLIKE.
Tongs Again Quarreling and High-
binders Pouring Into Town.
The police believe that next Tuesday,
or ehcrtly after, the carnival of blood
that lately caused Acting Chief Biggy
to take such drastic measures in dealing
with the unlawful element in the Chi
nese quarters will be renewed. On that
day the limit of time for peace agreed
upon in the "peace declaration' will ex
pire, and the circumstances are hardly
such at present as to warrant an opin
ion that the wearers of the queue intend
to walk longer in the paths of rectitude
The members "of the Hop Sing Tong are
angry because the money promised them
In reparation for the murder of a num
ber of their clansmen has not been paid
On the other hand, the Suey Sing Tong
members are in a belligerent frame of
mind, because they think that the convic
tion of one of their shining lights a short
time ago at Marysville was due to the
testimony of the Hop Sings.
Hatchetmen are again pouring Into
Chinatown from Marysville. Stockton
San Jose and other points in the interior
and the police are keeping a vigilant
watch for highbinders carrying concealed
•weapons. Acting Chief Biggy declares
that the next murder in Chinatown will
cost the Celestials so much trouble that
they will be willing to sign a "peace
declaration" lasting for six months to
come.
GOLDBERG, BO WEN * COS SPECIAL SATINS SALE
finale of the first spasm being the pre
sentation of "A Fair Encounter," a
comedietta in which Mrs. William
Greenbaum and Mrs. "Georgie" Ehr
man held sway for a brief existence.
Lines were forgotten at times, but it
made no material difference to the
dramatis personae. With a wave of
the hand ffnd an unexpressed but de
lineated apology to the audience, the
cast carried their performance through
to the end and then the house broke
in a five minutes' applause. i
A "pas de quatre," as It was billed
on the programme in which Miss Mac
Slessinger, Miss Florence Greene
baum, Miss Marion Lewis and Miss
Beatrice Sachs took part, was distinct
ively French in execution and treat
ment. The dance caught the favor of
the audience and was applauded for
three encores.
The "Hottest Coons in Dixie," which
interpreted represented Miss Etta Son,
Miss "Folly" Levy, MTlton H. Bremer
and Sam Jacoby, was a vaudeville act
which was more than successful. Eu
gene Korn and Melville Toplitz es
sayed the musical. With bells, con
certinas, guitars , trombones and all
the accessories of rhythmic noise thi3
team worked with a will. It was kept
FULL SYMPATHY
EXPRESSED FOB
FIGHTING BOERS
Irishmen Pass Strong
Resolutions.
SOME VERY WARM SPEECHES
? — ,—, —
ST. PATRICK'S DAY PROFITS
TO BE DONATED.
> ¦ .
Celebration Committee Sets Business
Aside to Discuss Affairs of the
Struggling Men of the
Had England's Premier, Lord Salis
bury, been connected by telephone with
Red Branch Hall, 1133 Mission street, yes
terday afternoon he would have been for
cibly impressed with the fact that the
sons of down-trodden Ireland sympathize
very much with the Boers who are strug
gling to retain their freedom over in
Africa. When the words of Judge M.
Cooney, Richard O'Connor, "Bob" Ferral,
"Bill" Broderick and others went sizzling
into his ears he would probably have
sprung up with a jump, thinking a live
trolley wire had crossed his own line.
The convention of delegates from Irish
societies to arrange for the celebration of
St. Patrick's day was in session when the
Boer matter came up. Sub-committees
were to report on a programme, the
choice of an orator and so on, but
the meeting never got beyond the discus
sion of the Transvaal war. There was a
large assemblage of delegates.
C. B. Flanigan, chairman of the meet
ing, as soon as it had been called to or
der, announced that it had been decided
to donate the profits of the entertainment
to the Boer relief fund.
"There may be some objection made to
such a donation, and as it is specitied for
what purpose the money is to be used,"
sj.id Captain Filgate. "it had better be
stated mat it is for the widows and or
phans." •
"Just donate It for hospital and relief
work," said Judge Cooney. "That will
relieve the committee of the danger of
any breach of international law. After the
money gets over there we'll not ask what
use it has been put to." A burst of ap
plause swept the hall at this last remartc.
Mr. Flanigan then introduced the fol
lowing resolutions which had been pre
pared by his committee:
Whereas, Great Britain is waging a war ot
conquest on the Transvaal and Orange Free
Stale and the tacts show it to be conclusively
inspired by unjust, selfish and mercenary mo
tives; and whereas, the heroic defense of the
Boers— a defense glorious in victories, where
the few lighting: lor homes and Independence
have hurled back great armies ot the invader —
Invites the admiration o£ mankind; and
whereas, the British Government, under the
humiliation of constant reverses and defeat 3 ot
its armies, and with hatred and envy of the
valiant foe, has put in motion machinery for
another great army of invasion, by conscrip
tion if necessary, it Is meet that our Govern
ment, allied to the South African States by
unity of principles and with a vast majority
of its people in sympathy with the South Afri
can republic, should intervene to stop the fur
ther shedding of blood, such Intervention be
ing in accordance with our history as a Chris
tian people, and it should maintain the sov
ereignty of the Boer republic.
Resolved, That the Government of the United
States be requested to tender Its friendly of
fices, with, a view to stopping further blood-
Resolved, That this convention of the Irish
societies of San Francisco, assembled to pre
pare for the celebration of St. Patrick's day,
send greeting to President Kruger of the Trans
vaal and President Steyn of the Orange Free
State and congratulate -them on the glorious
victories of the armies of their republics; that
we salute their commanders, Joubert, Cronje,
Meyer and our fellow Irishman, Blake; that
we hope for continued success in their defense
and we pray God that ultimate victory may
rest with their arms and the result be the free
dom and independence of South Africa.
Resolved That this convention appeals to all
people who love liberty to contribute gener
ously to the fund for the Boer wounded and an
ambulance corps. I
Resolved That copies of these resoluUons be
sent to President Kruger, President Steyn and
Dr Leyd and our Senators and Representatives
in 'Congress, and that they be furnished to the
daily press.
John Ganey moved the immediate adop
tion of the resolutions, but William Brod
erick objected to the part asking that the
United States stop the war. The conven
tion, he said, was a very small body and
was perhaps assuming too much when It
requested this Government to step in.
"Ths best way to stop this war, said
Judge Cooney amid laughter, "is to ask
Kruger to enforce peace. England can't ;
and Kruger must dictate. Of course we
are a small part of the population, but
mass meetings to express Boer sympathy
are being held everywhere and our voice
should be added. .We but express the
sentiments of citizens of every other
nationality, except the full fledged Eng-
Delegate Conniffe said the resolutions
just as they stood were nothing to be
ashamed of.
"I think what we ought to do." said
Judge Ferral. amid more laughter, "is
to express sympathy for old England. /I
always believe in sympathizing with the
under dog in a fight. That's the only ob
jection I see to adopting the resolutions
as they stand." ¦
John J. Barrett made a stirring speech
upholding the Boers and saying that
strong and concise resolution* should be
adopted.
On motion of M. J. Gorman the resolu
tions were adopted as read, with the un
derstanding that another set, more brief
but just as strong, should be prepared for
reading St. Patrick's night. L. C. Cnopius,
L. K. Van Eaggen and Theodore Plnther
of the California Transvaal relief commit
tee also addressed the assemblage.
The executive committee will meet again
on Thursday night.
Election Disturbance.
FORT DE FRANCE, Island of Mar
tinique, Feb. 11.— Elections were held to
day ln_ Fort de France and Fort Craindre,
and this evening ; there .- are ¦¦ some . disor
ers. Early this morning. incendiary fires
were started on plantations in four ; sec
tions of. the commune of Le Francois and
another fire was started at Lorrain.
Died From His Injuries.
H. P. Peterson, who was injured in
falling: from a building at Mason ; and
O'Farrell streets on the sth inst.y died at
bt. Mary s Hospital yesterday. The body
had been removed to an undertaker's with
out . notifying the : Coroner's i office. As
soon as Dr. Cole heard of the death he
had the body removed to the Morgue,
where an inquest will be held.
ADVEBTISEMENTa. •
BAD COMPLEXIONS, pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough, oily,
mothy ekin, dry, thiu, and falling hair with irritated scalps and dau-
drufl, red, rough hands, with itching, burning palms, shapeless nail 3 and
painful finger ends, and baby blemishes, prevented by Cdticura Soap.
It removes the cause of disfiguring eruptions, loss of hair, and baby blem-
ishes, viz. : the clogged, irritated, inflamed, or eluggish condition of the
Pokes. No other medicated soap ever compounded is to be compared with
it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and
hands. No other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to
be compared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery.
Thus it combines in Oke Soyvp at Oxe Price — namely, 25 Cents —the
best skin and complexion coap and the best toilet and the best baby soap in
the world. Sold everywhere. Potter Drug ant> Chem. Corp., Sole
Props., Boston, U. S. A. " How to Purify and Beautify the Skin," free.
Complete External and Internal Triatmont of Every Humor.
CUTICURA CoMirtnr of CmccitA Boap (lie.), to cl6M>«« the uln of enj»t» and scales and soften
THE 6ET SI 25 th « th4ck ™«»«wtld«.CcTjcc«*o'ntraei>t(4ae.).toln*taotiy «Uty itching and Jmtatton and
w •ooth* an>l heal, and Ci.TtCD«A Risoltest (SOe.), to cool and -i— ¦» th. hlood. A. ainxla
tct U ofl«o «nfitaent to curt ttt merul kumor -whtu *U civ Uilt, . <•-*••<«
Donations to Park Museum.
During the past week the following do
nations were made to the Memorial Mu
seum at Golden Gate Park: Indian totem
pole from Wrangel, Alaska Commercial
Company; nine large steel engravings,
John A. Lowell, Boston, Mass.; one large
meteorite from Canyon Diablo, Arizona,
Professor Henry. A. Ward, Chicago; one
specimen of -Sphaelerite and one speci
men of Smithsonite, J. C. Hooper, Du
buque. lowa. The attendance at the mu
f-eum yesterday was 6339 and for the week
10,fc..-i>.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try it. All druggists. •
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
D. M. Garrison. U. S. N., is staying at
the Palace.
S. F. Rose, U. S. N., Is at the Occiden
tal for a few days. .
P. H. Green, a wealthy land owner of
.¦Willows,* Is. at the Lick. .
. William Thomas of Chico Is one of the
recent arivals at the Grand.
¦ George A. Kellogg is registered at the
Grand from his home in Eureka.
G. A. Bottsford, a well-known attorney
of Vlsalia, Is a guest at the Grand.
Marion Biggs Jr., the Oroville politician
and capitalist, is a guest at the Grand.
'Judge J. F. Rooney has come down
from Sonora and is registered at the Occi
dental.
Assemblyman H. M. Le Baron has come
down from Sacramento and is staying at
the Lick.
R. "W. Dunsmulr, , the Victoria (B. C.)
millionaire, is at the Palace, accompanied
\y his daughter.
F. T. Sutherland, a well-known mining
man of Denver, Is at the Palace, accom
panied by his wife.
James S. Casey, a wealthy mine owner
of Butte, Mont., is registered for a short
stay at the Occidental.
Lewis Macfarland, a tourist from Lon
don, England, is one of the arrivals of
yesterday at the, Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Lowe have come up
from their home In Menlo and have taken
rooms at the Occidental.
.' Cy-Moreing, the Stockton cattle king,
has corse down to the city for a short
visit and is registered at the Lick.
8. H. Babcock, traffic manager of the
Rio Grande Western, and W. S. McCor
mick, banker and capitalist, are regis
tered at the Palace, where they arrived
last evening from Salt Lake City.
, Mrs, H. M. ; Yerington, wife of the Car
son; Nev., lumberman and millionaire, is
at the . Palace> where s..e arrived yes
terday. V She ..comes down to be with her
son, , who has been confined through ill
ness at one ' of tae local hospitals.
Chinese Squad Changed.
By order of Acting Chief Biggy, Ser
peant McManus and posse were succeeded
In Chinatown at an early hour this morn-
Pawnee Chief Dead.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 11.— A Times
special from Perry, O. T., says: Bear
Chief, the oldest chief of the Pe-ta-how-e
rat band of Pawnee Indians, is dead. He
was one of the most intellectual men of
his tribe.
BODY WEIGHTED,
FEET TIED, HE
SANK TO DEATH
W. Anderson Drowns
at Ellis Landing.
WENT TO HUNT FOR DUCKS
. • •
HIS COMPANION IN THE BOAT
BARELY SAVED.
Tlie Youth Carried Sixty Cartridges
and His Feet Were Tangled
in a String of
Decoys.
?
"Weighted with sixty shotgun cartridges
and with his feet tangled in a string of
decoys, Wallace Anderson, a 19-year-old
youth of this city, sank to his death in
the muddy waters of San Pablo Bay, near
Ellis Landing, yesterday morning.
The drowned boy lived at 330 Brann.in
street. He left here Saturday evening ; in
company, .with two other youths, John
Casey of 156 South Park and George Long,
who lives on Harrison street, near Fourth,
to go duck-shooting in the bay. The trio
spent the night at San Pablo, and yester
day morning at 7 o'clock started out after
ducks. .
The young men procured two boats.
Long got Into one of these alone and An
derson and Casey took the other. Their
boat was noticed, to be old add leaky, but
was not thought unsafe by them. As al
ready stated, Anderson had sixty shotgun
shells on his person. They. were in a bolt
about his body and made quite a weight.
He was further encumbered: by a heavy
hunting coat. .:".'../.. a--'. r.
The hunters pushed off- and had not pro
ceeded far up the, bay when the boat con
taining the. two began to leak badly. The
water came in faster than' it 1 could be
bailed, out, and the ; boys saw they could
not reach shore before it sank. They
called to Long, but before he could reach
them their craft had gone down.'
The minute the boat sank Anderson dis
appeared. His feet were tangled in the
decoys and he could not swim. Long
reached the place in time to extend an
oar to Casey, who was still! struggling in
the water..
Anderson's body was : recovered later on
with grappling hooks, the water being but
eight feet deep where he was drowned.
The body will be brought to this city to
day. rtiffflW »ti"TfH jggMfflff m.fll* Wtf tJ WW Vjn sfjjrj ijj
The drowned boy worked with his twin
DuSt pan— reg'ly 30c 2OC
Has steel edge^ — made to last
EggS— continue dozen 2OC
same as last week
Turkish Cigarettes
To satisfy the growing demand for
dgarettes made of Turkish tobacco —
which has a fine aroma not found in
others— we have a good variety — some
are made in Cairo some in London
New York and San Francisco
Nestor Gianaclis Melachrino
Cambridge Milo
Egyptian Belles MonPlalslr
Liliputians Non Plus Ultra
Liberty La Camelia
Liliputians are In a satin covered box
(de luxe) — for ladies
Send for February catalogue
Mail orders filled by experienced men
4jiPlne J32Sutter 2SOO California San Francisco
107s Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
B.DWEN
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
PeaS— World tin 2OC
reg'ly 22 Jc tin $2 50 doz doz $225
Large tin — small peas— very good —
indeed they're the be§t American
Cocktails— Imperial 90C
reg'ly 5i 25 bottle — six kinds
Better than you can make at home
Marmalade— southtreu 3 jars 50c
reg'ly 20c jar — English — pound —
full weight — orange marmalade
Ginger — extra stem 30c and 55C
reg'ly 40c and 75c jar
Good for heart burn — good for
dessert
Plum pudding 15c
reg'ly 20c tin i lb— Gordon &
Dil worth — we don't want to keep it
'till next Christmas — hence the price
Ale— porter— Everard $1 2O
reg'ly $i 75 dozen
Old brown stout and good old ale
Olive Oil— French' bottle 55c
reg'ly 65c bot $7 50 ooz doz $6 50
Bottled for us in France
Virgin oil of the first pressing
White wi ne— reg'iy $i gallon 65c
Golden Chasselas from our own
vineyard on Howell mountain
Mackerel— Norway kit $150
3 mackerel 25C
Who wouldn't have mackerel
for breakfast at such a price
Corn and succotash-tin 12JC
reg'ly 15c tin— Sea Foam
Best Maine goods
Macaroni— La FavoHta I2 Jc
reg'ly 15c lb— imported
Made from hard flint wheat
from the steppes of Siberia
sale includes also— spaguetti and paste
Cheese— -Parmesan jrc
reg'ly 20c bottle
grated — for macaroni
Vermouth quart 55c
Noilly Pratt & Co pint 30C
reg'ly 65c and 35c
Never before sold so low.
Vinegar— L'Estragon 2OC
reg'ly 30c bottle
For fancy cookery
Toilet WdXer— Roger &GaUetqoC
reg'ly $110 bottle — assorted odors
Bath perfume 20c
reg'ly 25c— bran bags
Raisins— reg'iy 15 ib \& ioc
Butler's— table
Grape fruit marmalade— just received
Salt bOX— porcelain 40c
reg'ly 50c each
Lemon squeezer-giass ioc
reg'ly 15c— saucer to hold juice
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
before the lights for a full twenty
minutes.
The concluding number of the pro
gramme was "Portraits by Old -Mas
ters," arranged by Messrs. Sig Acker
man and Joseph Greenebaum, the art
ist. They were a sort of living-picture
show, in which famous paintings of
old artists were the subjects. The
performance ended, the audience filed
out of the theater, and for a half-hour
after Powell street was blocked with
carriages and coupes going in all di
rections. . ', . - ;; -.-;.. - •'
The programme was as follows:
Overture; electric and meteor act, A. M.
Stone, Olympic Club: comedietta. "A Fair
Encounter"; aria, "Nobil Signori." Mrs.
O. W. Macfarlane; Pas de Quatre, "La
Belle Parislenne," Miss Mac Slesslnger,
Miss Florence Greenebaum. Miss Marion
Lewis. Miss Beatrice Sachs; overture;
sketch. "The Hottest Coons in Dixie." Miss
Etta Sen. Miss Florence Levy, Milton H.
Bremer. Sam Jacoby; quartet. E. S. Elkus
first tenor, A. G. Woods second tenor, W.
C. Stadtfeld first bass, W. Nellson second
bass; musical selections on various instru
ments, Melville Toplltz, Eugene Korn,
Mr. Hoey; portraits by old masters — Maria
Ruthven (Van Dyke's wife, by Van Dyke),
Miss Alice Oreenebaum; Madame Le Brun
(painting; by Le Brun). Miss Helen Otten
helmer; Devos' portrait of himself (by
Devos). A. Altman; Lady Slddons (by
Galnsbrough), Miss Lavezarri; Dortralt of
Charles I (by Van Dyke), Joseph Fried
lander; Maria Louise de Xessls (by Van
Dyke). Miss Elsa Frank; "An Angel" (by
Carlo Dolce). Miss Sussmann.
The officers of the sisterhood to
whom the success of the benefit is in
a great measure due are:
Honorary president, the Rev. Dr. J. Voor
sanffer; president, Mrß. P. N. Lillenthal;
vice presidents— Mrs. I. Lowenberg, Mrs. M.
Esberg, Mrs. J. Voorsanger; treasurer,
Mrs. Lewis Gerstle; recording secretary,
Mrs. J. M. Rothchlld; corresponding secre
tary. Miss Victoria Lllienthal.
Council of administration — Mrs. A. A. Ad
ler, Mrs. I. S. Ackerman, Mrs. Clara Baum,
Mrs. J. R. Davidson, Mrs. I. W. Helman,
Mrs. Leon Sloss, Mrs. S. AnsDacher, Mrs.
J. H. Neustadter, Mrs. William Haas. Mrs.
Ch. Colman. Mrs. L. Elkus. Mrs. A. M.
Davis. Mrs. H. Wagenhelm, Mrs. B. Drey
fus. Mrs. R. Kaufman. Mrs. A. Brown.
Advisory board— A. Anspacher. S. W. Ro
senstock, Lewis Gerstle, J. H. Neustadter,
William Haas. P. X. Lillenthal, S. W.
Levy, Louis Sloss, Levi Strauss, Louis
Brown.
brother William at the Dow Steam Pump
Works, 120 Beale street. He was very
steady, and had just finished his appren-
THE Emanu-El Sisterhood may
be proud of itself. By a single
benefit at the Columbia Theater
last night over $6000 poured into
the treasury, and it was all the result
of an amateur performance and the
proceeds of a programme larded with
advertisements that realized Just $1500
to the organization.
From pit and boxes to the upper
most gallery the theater was packed
with an audience of the grand-opera
type so far as dress was concerned.
Some seats represented double eagles,
others an individual bird. In the gal
lery, which was crowded, the seats
brought just $1. The spirit of charity
was the drawing card, and the show
itself counted not a whit. But not a
number on the programme went with
out its meed of deserved applause,
and encores were frequent and given
with a lusty vigor.
The character of the entertainment
was distinctly vaudeville. Opening
with a comedietta, the gamut of spe
cialty work was run to coon dances,
songs and instrumental musical va
garies. George Lask was the "control
ling genius, supervising the stage
work and directing the progress of the
show. Leon S. Greenebaum, the gen
eral manager of the benefit, watched
with keen eye for the financial end
and dreamed last night of a half
dozen thousands of dollars which the
sisterhood now possesses as a new in
crement to its assets. The audience
was more or less a large theater
party, caring little for the inexperi
ence of the ushers and the quality of
the entertainment. Some who held
checks to front-row seats were placed
in the rear of the dress circle, but
there was a general reciprocity, and
no "kicks" were registered at the box
office. The ushers, besides their du
ties of seating the audience, bore the
society man's burden of packing floral
pieces to the front. In this act Joe
Greenebaum and Mell Schweitzer were
the particularly radiant stars.
The programme was run in olios, the
ing by a squad consisting of Sergeant
Patrick Shea. Patrolmen Thomas E. Mur.
phy of the Southern station, David Mur
phy of the Central station, Robert N.
Silver of the California-street station and
Timothy J. Bailey of the Harbor sta
tion.
To our patrons residing outside o? San
Francisco — Please write for samples of
above goods at once, while the assortment is
complete.
FRENCH PRINTED CHALLIES.
SILK-STRIPED TENNIS FLANNELS,
MERCERIZED COTTON FOULARDS.
IRISH AND SCOTCH PRINTED DIMITIES.
ENGLISH GALATEAS AND CHAMBRAYS.
COVERT CLOTHS AND CRASH SUITINGS.
FRENCH AND AMERICAN. PRINTED OR-
GANDIES.
PRINTED PERCALES AND SATEENS.
SCOTCH ZEPHYRS AND GINGHAMS,
WHITE AND COLORED ENGLISH PIQUES.
JAPANESE WASH CREPES.
We will place on sale this week
a splendid assortment of NEW
WASH DRESS FABRICS, Loth
French and American manufacture.
In the collection are \
COLUMBIA
THEATER IN
GALA DRESS
fri4 Tk T" If T
Ihe Programme r ull ot
Bright and Interesting
Numbers.
Talented Young Women
in a Typical Coon
Turn.
AMATEURS IN
A VAUDEVILLE
PERFORMANCE
Jewish Society Applauds
a Very Clever
Show,
Over Six Thousand Dol
lars Netted for the
Society.
EMANU-EL SISTERHOOD
IN A MONSTER BENEFIT
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1900.
POLICE PUZZLED
BY A NUMBER OF
STRANGE DEATHS
Remains of Chinese
Hidden Away.
BOARD OF HEALTH IS ACTIVE
DETECTIVES TEY TO LOCATE
EIGHT BODIES.
?
An Aged Mongolian Telia the Au
thorities That His Country
men An Growing Very
Uneasy.
.
VTlthln the last ten days no tevrer than
eight deaths have occurred In Chinatown,
the circumstances surrounding each case
being of so mysterious a nature that the
police are leaving no stone unturned to
discover the cause. All the deceased
Chinese became afflicted while residing in
the lodging-house at 731 Washington
street or after coming in contact with one
of those who had been taken ill there, and
their countrymen have spirited the bodies
away so successfully that at the expira
tion of nearly two weeks the police find
themselves no closer to a solution of the
mystery than at the beginning.
About ten days ago a Chinese became
suddenly prostrated from some unknown
malady in the lodging-house and died In
a. short time. Later in the day two more
<_.iinese took to their beds and succumbed,
their illness being accompanied by the
same symptoms as In the case of the first
unfortunate. An hour after the third man
had passed away another Chinese dropped
dead in the corridor of the building.
The Chinese immediately spirited the
bodies away and their whereabouts is not
known to any but two or three Mongo
lians. On the following day a fourth man
bad to be removed to the terrible "Cham
bers of Tranquillity," and these formed
the subject or investigation by Acting
Chief Bipry, In which that official dis
tinguished himself and took steps to put
an end to the Chinese method of treat
ing what they regarded as incurable
cases, so far as this city is concerned.
When this sufferer died the Board of
Health announced its intention of clean
ing out Chinatown and making the Ce
lestials pay more attention to hygienic
laws. Their intention will doubtless tie
strengthened by the fact that a day or
two ago the Chinese physician who at
tended the sufferer taken to the "Cham
bers of Tranquillity" died suddenly, and
his remains were also hidden. Yesterday
two nun living in the name house with
this physician also sickened and died.
Their bodies were removed before the po
lice obtained news of their demise and
cannot be found.
The knowledge of these peculiar deaths
came to the police from an aged Chinese
living in the lodging house at 731 Wash
ington street, who declared that his coun
trymen were very much perturbed by
what had takon place and that all the
lodgers were leaving the house where he
was living. The old fellow appeared to
be very nervous and said he intended to
move a.= soon as he could gather his ef
fects together.
Last evening a member of the
Board of Health paid an official visit
to Chinatown to investigate the cases
brought to his attention by the Police
Department. His report to the board will
be made to-day. Acting Chief Biggy Is
determined to ferret out the mystery. He
has several detectives at work trying to
locate the remains of the Chinese who
died in the lodging house and at the house
of the Chinese physician who treated the
Fufferer resigned to his fate In the
"Chambers of Tranquillity."
mi D H S-VJ f"fc3"3 F3 EMj £) a PlJ«I
Clean
Eye=Glasses
With dilated ammonia (1 to 3> and 000 of our
aelryt cloths, free to every wearer ot th» new
.clip; don't slip, tilt or waver.
Oculists' prescriptions- filled. Qotek repair-
ir.gr. Factory on premises. Phone. Main 10. -
642 Market ot % instrumehts
* unafX CnamCia BwDmb '
10
AD VERTISEIfIJSJM Ta. ' , ;_ ¦_