SCENE OF THE FIRE IN ST. LOUIS:
BLOODSHED IS
AVERTED FOR
THE PRESENT
Republican Govern oc Taylor of
Kentucky Causes the Re
, lease of Walker.
¦
Democratic Legislators Will Not Attend the
Session at London Unless Compelled
by the Military.
CINCINNATI, Feb. 4.— Thirty-two members of the Kentucky Legislature, 5
all Democrats, are to-night making the hotels and homes of political friends
in Cincinnati an asylum of refuge from whatever unknown and unpleasant ¦
possibilities the capital city of thalr own State to-morrow might have la <
store for them. They report that four Senators and five Representatives have
been left in Frankfort, a number sufficient to convene the Legislature there. '
The legislative contingent lodging her© expect to have the programme wired '
to them In the morning. They are no doubt acting under the orders of the J
steering committee, j In addition to the legislators there Is an unusually large
registration of citizens from Kentucky at all the hotels. . VJ
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Feb. 4.— Armed
conflict between the civil authori
ties of Franklin County and the
National Guard of the State of
Kentucky has been averted, and
\- ,.":' unless new causes should come to
the front there is small likelihood that the
political situation will again become as it
has during the last forty-eight hours.
Governor Taylor this morning ordered the
release of Alonzo Walker, for the posses
sion of whom Judge Moore hafi declared
that Sheriff Sutter would swear In a
posse and take possession of the Capitol
grounds, If such an extreme became nec
essary. While not recognizing In his ac
tion the existence of the writ of habeas
corpus which had been sworn out In be
half of Walker, Governor Taylor by re
leasing the man removed the most threat
ening sign of trouble.
The commanding officers of th© troops
which guard the Capitol grounds are care
ful to say that 'the situation Is entirely a
military affair, and that they extend to
the writ of habeas corpus very little con
sideration; but, whether they regard It or
not. Walker Is free and Sheriff Sutter will
not be called upon to summon force in the
attempt to secure his release.
The appalling consequences which would
follow such an effort on the part of the
Sheriff were too much for the more con
servative members of the Democratic
party, and It was decided to-day that, no
matter what Judge Moore should say as
an individual, there would be no attempt
to take possession of the Capitol grounds
by force of arms. Even If Walker had
been held a much longer time than he
actually was held, no effort, the Demo
cratic leaders had decided, should be
made for his rescue after the writ of
habeas corpus bad failed.-
Both sides will take a rest pending the
session of the Legislature called by Gov
ernor Taylor at London No Democrats
will attend this unless they are taken
there by the military forces of the Stats,
and no attempt will be made In this direc
tion by Governor Taylor until he has af
forded them every opportunity to go to
London of their own accord. What will
be done when it has been made certain
that the Democrats will not visit London
has not been definitely determined by
Governor Taylor. It Is likely that mat
ters will on both sides be allowed to drift
until after the funeral of Governor Goe
bel.
WALKER RELEASED
BY TAYLOR'S ORDERS
He Is Informed . That He Hay Be
Court-Martialed at Any Time
for Inciting a Mutiny.
FRANKFORT. Feb. 4.— Alonzo Walker,
the stenographer -who was placed under
arrest' on the charge of inciting the sol
diers of the State Guard to mutiny while
pinning a notice of a proposed applica
tion for an injunction upon the door of
the office of Governor Taylor, was re
leased this morning.
The release was not made In response
to the writ of habeas corpus which
Sheriff gutter tfied in vain yesterday to
serve upon Governor Taylor. The latter
concluded that Walker had remained in
custody for & sufficient length of time
and told him to go home. The charge
of inciting to mutiny has not been
quashed, but Walker may not be brought
before a court-martial as was at one
time contemplated by the officers of the
State Guard.
At 10 o'clock this morning Colonel
Roger Williams entered the room in the
executive building and remarked to
Walker: ..-.
"Well, Mr. Walker, we have agreed to
an exchange of prisoners and yoy are to
be given your freedom."
"I can go, can I?" asked Walker.
"I guess so," was the reply, and the
colonel then added with a laugh. ""We
have exchanged you for one Zulu and
three Filipinos, and as we expect them
every minute I guess it will be all right
for you to have your freedom."
Mr. Walker was then allowed to go,
after notice had been served upon him
that the charge against him was still
pending and it could be pushed at any
time if the military authorities should so
decide. He told Colonel Williams that
he intended to remain in Frankfort.
Various rumors were circulated In re
gard to the reasons for the sudden re
lease of Walker, among them being a re
port that his release by order of Gov
ernor Taylor was In deference to a tele
gram from Washington advising his dis
charge. Governor Taylor was too busy
to-day to be seen In regard to the matter,
but Adjutant General Collier said that
no such reason existed for Walker's re
lease.
"The idea is absurd." said General Col
lier. "Mr. Walker's arrest was simply
a • matter of military discipline. He was
not discharged, but was given his lib
erty* until arrangements could be made
for his trial by court-martial. When this
will be has not been determined as yet."
Asked if Walker's release was Influ
enced at all by a desire to forestall any
possible application in the Federal court
for a writ of habeas corpus. Adjutant
General Collier said:
"Not In the* least. A wrong Impression
apparently prevails in regard to the rea
sons for the arrest. Mr. Walker was heard
to make statements two days before his
arrest that were regarded as mutinous,
and persons overhearing Ms remarks
made affidavit to that effect. The order
for his arrest was accordingly made out
by Governor Taylor, and we were only
waiting for a favorable opportunity to
arrest him. His arresfat the time It did
occur was as unlooked. for by us as It
was by, him, and was more of an accident
than design. It Is simply nonsense to say
that he was confined because he pinned a
court notice on the Governor's door.
"It Is a trivial matter." continued Colo
nel Williams. "Since Mr. Walker's ar
.rest we have hardly given the matter a
thought, and his liberty was granted him
simply for the reason that to keep him
In confinement was not only a hardship to
him. but to us also, as we had made no
provision for prisoners. It will take some
time to get together the Judge-advocate
and members of the court-martial, and we
have no desire to inflict any needless hard
ship on Mr. Walker."
In response to a request Colonel" 'Wil
liams produced from the flics the order
for the arrest, signed by Governor Taylor
and dated February 2. It says:
"It appearing from information given to
me that Alonzo Walker has been guilty of
the offense of encouraging, advising and
inciting mutiny and desertion among
members of the regular State militia from
Kentucky."
Mr. Walker will return the notice of the
service of the injunction summons to
morrow and give his arrest as his reason
for not reporting earlier. . *
GOEBEL WILL BE
BURIED AT FRANKFORT
Simple Funeral Service Will Be Held
at His Old Home in Coy-
ington.
FRANKFORT. Ky., Feft. 4.— lt has been
practically decided that the remains of
Governor Goebel will be burtefi In Frank
fort, In the cemetery overlooking the
Kentucky River, where lie the remains of
Daniel Boone. Vice-President Richard M.
Johnson and several Kentucky Governors,
eminent Jurists and soldiers. Arthur and
Justus Goebel. Senator-elect - Blackburn.
D. S. Hackelford. Clerk of the Court of
Appeals, and Warden Llllard visited the
cemetery to-day and spent some time se
lecting a suitable spot. Though no definite
decision was reached, a spot In the vicin
ity of the Immense shaft erected In honor
of Kentucky's dead soldiers, nearly tha
highest point in the beautiful cemetery,
will probably finally be selected. Although
the burial will take place In Frankfort,
in accordance with the wishes of the
friends of the dead man. the funeral ser
vice will be held in Covlngton. his home.
The remains will be taken to Covlngton
to-morrow on a special train, which will
carry the pall-bearers, the relatives of
the dead man. members~of the legislative
committee. Judges of the Court of Ap
peals, and others.
Tuesday morning the remains will bo
conveyed to Odd Fellows' Hall, where
they will He In state from 8:30 In the
morning till 10 o'clock at night, the hall
being kept open In the evening to allow
the working people an opportunity to
view the remains. The funeral services
will be extremely simple. In deference
not only to the wishes of Governor Goe
bel. but also of the' members of his fam
ily. Outside of a guard of honor, con
sisting of fifty citizens, there will* be no
ceremony or display of any kind. Even
the funeral cortege will be lacking.
Wednesday morning the remains will bo
brought back to Frankfort and placed In
the big ballroom of the Capitol Hotel,
where they will 11© in state all that day.
It Is believed that from thirty to fifty
thousand strangers will be In the city to
view the remains and bitter feeling en
gendered by his death may result In a
clash. Precautions are being taken. Ir
respective of party, to prevent trouble.
The Interment will take place Thurs
day from the Capitol Hotel, but the actual
arrangements for the burial have as yet
not been decided on.
Plans for the raising of funds by pop
ular subscription for the erection of a
monument to Governor Goebel's memory
are rapidly taking shape. Besides this.
Democratic leaders say the Legislature
will make an appropriation for a monu
ment In his honor, following the usual
custom In Kentucky on the occasion of
the death of a Governor.
A suitable tablet, to mark, the spot
where Governor Goebel was shot, will
also be provided for.
DEMOCRATS CHOOSE
LOUISVILLE AS CAPITAL
Legislature Will Meet Each Day and
Adjourn Until Hatters Are
Settled.
LOUISVILLE. Feb. 4.— This city Is to
b© the seat, temporarily at least, of the
Democratic State government. To-mor
row the Democratic members of the Leg
islature will meet here, and It Is pur
posed to make Louisville the headquarters
of the executive and legislative branches
of this State government as long as the
presence of troops keeps them from
Frankfort, or until the present conflict
of authority In the State is settled.
The details of this. plan were decided
upon at the conferences held by leading
Democratic leaders at Zelbach's Hotel
during the afternoon and evening. News
paper men were carefully excluded from
these councils, and every effort was made
to keep the deliberations - secret. The
plans to have the Democratic members of
the Legislature meet here had already
well matured. Preliminary steps^ In this
direction had been taken at the meetings
of these members held In the Capitol Ho
tel at Frankfort since the State buildings
have been surrounded by soldiers. The
Democratic legislators there adopted a
concurrent resolution for adjournment to
Louisville, and this fact was made known
early In to-day's conference. It was stated
by members of the Legislature present
that threats had been made at Frankfort
by persons connected with Governor Tay
lor's administration that members of the
THREE BLOCKS
RAZED BY FIRE
AT ST. LOUIS
Conflagration Destroys Property
Valued at Two Million
Dollars.
Crushed Under Falling Walls, One Fireman
Loses His Life and Eight Others Are
Seriously Injured.
THE DEAD.
CHARLES W. MEBUR. fireman.
THE INJURED.
Chief Swlngley, face blistered by
heat.
John Judge, foreman engine com
pany, bruised about legs, Internal
Injuries.
John Hanmore, driver engine
company, leg broken, hand and
cheek bruised.
Mike Hanlon, truckman, back cut
and bruised.
James Adams, truckman, cut on
hand.
John Karp, pipeman. Internal In
juries, serious.
Harry Bridge, foreman engine
company, shocked by electric wire.
Assistant Chief Gus Thierry,
shocked and burned by live wire.
A. J. O'Reilly, supervisor of city
lights, got blown into the street by
concussion of falling walls.
James J. Schweiger. fireman,
hands cut.
G**orge W. Durand, spectator, hip
dislocated. •
August Roeber, pipeman, leg
hrnkeiv
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 4.— Fire broke out at
8 o'clock this morning In the five
story brick building at Broadway
and Franklin avenue, occupied by the
dry goods firm of Penny & Gentles,
and In a few minutes en^veloped the entire
Etrucutre. Sparks and brands were blown
in every direction by a strong northwest
wind, and the destruction of adjoining
property was threatened. A general
alarm vu turned In and soon every en
gine in the city was at the 6cene or on the
way there.
On the south of Penny & Gentles, the
flames communicated with the buildings
occupied by Sctaper Bros., dry goods, and
the Famous Dry Goods Store. The burn-
Ing area increased minute by minute, the
flames gaining great headway and leaping
across to the east side of Broadway. In
a short time a large empty store building
on the corner of Franklin avenue was de
stroyed, with those directly south, occo
jiie<l ty tn<« "Pt6ple*s "House 'Furnisnlng
Company, the Marks millinery stor«.
Dill's dental parlors and Deere Bros.' five
end ten cent etore. By 10 o'clock all the
trails of the Penny & Gentles and
Bchaper Bros." buildings, with the ex
ception of that on the west, had fallen.'
The wall between Schaper Bros, and the
Famous fell, but the fkunes were
quenched before doing much destruction
in tfre latter establishment.
It wae not long before the upper floors
and v.alls of the building opposite Penny
<k Gentles on Broadway began to fall.
Casualties to firemen were numerous.
When the walls of Deere Bros.' five and
ten cent store collapsed several members
of Engine Company No. 11 were in the
building. Four firemen were covered by
the debris and It was several hours before
they could be taken out.
Charles Mappes, a pipeman. had been
crushed to death and several Injured.
John Judge, foreman of No. 11. was
wedged In with the dr-bris. Across 'his
feet lay the body of Mappes. With a cool
head Judge directed the efforts of his
comrade? in their work of rescue. When
he was $r.ally removed he was taken to
the hospital in an ambulance, where sev
eral others of the injured had been re
moved.
From Broadway the flames ate their
way through to a number of three and
four story structures occupied by numer
ous fiftas fti various lines of business.
These were soon on fire from top to bot
tom and were razed. Heroic efforts to
keep the flames from the building on the.
corner of Fourth and Franklin avenues,
occupied by the German-American Bank,
v.ere successful. This and two buildings
adjoining on the south were saved.
Across on Fourth avenue and extending
through to Thinl avenue was a row of
old buildings occupied by the SchlfOer-
Coraella Seed Company, the Plant Seed
Company, Krenning's Glassware and
Crockery Company, BasFett Plumbing
Company. Mueller Block Commission
Company, Nelson Distilling Company. "Ie-
I-aln & Alcott Commission Company,
Hake & Sons' Commission Company. Ben
ton & Co., commission house. Bauer Flour
Company and William Bock's saloon.
Here the firemen were finally able to
stop the spread of the fire to the east.
but not until the interiors and stocks of
merchandise of all these buildings were
destroyed.
Before this occupants of buildings east
on Third and Second streets, fearing a
further spread of the fire, commenced to
remove their stocks, but at 3 o'clock It
became evident that th« fire had been put
under control.*
At this point Third street widens out,
and this helped the firemen to keep
the flames In check. If the fire had
broken beyond bounds here the loss would
have been enormous. This Is the middle
of the commission district, where the
streets are narrow and the buildings old
and their contents of a combustible na
ture. » Nothing could have prevented the
fire sweeping everything to the river
In the meantime stores and buildings on
the north side of Franklin avenue, for
half a block east and west of Broadway,
caught fire from flying embers, blazes
being started at half a dozen different
points. " Good work by the firemen, how
ever, prevented much loss at this point.
Two ordinary stores and a few small
shops, partially destroyed, were the heav
iest losses.
The trolley wires along Broadway and
Franklin avenue were a source of danger,
and until they were cut by the Mayor's
orders there were numerous narrow es
capes from electrocution.
While trying to get a derailed car ont of
the way of the firemen at . Fourth and
Morgan streets the car bumped into -a
fire engine." crushing Fireman Hanmore.
He was fatally hurt. .
¦ For hours after the fire broke out the
scene was thronged by thousands of spec
tators, who had been drawn by the re
port that the entire city was burning.
Every policeman available was hurried to
the scene and rope barriers were erected
around the fire section, but it was all they
could do to keep the eager crowd back.
The loss on both buildings and stocks
of goods is approximately $1,500,000. Defin
ite figures are exceedingly hard to obtain.
There were six retail concerns which were
heavy losers. The balance of the loss is
divided, in varying proportions, among a
score or more shopkeepers or flfms. Only
two concerns suffered losses of over $100,
000—Penny & Gentles and Schaper Broth
ers. The buildings in which the two con
cerns were housed were owned by the
Mary K. Knox estate, and were erected
at a cost of $165,000. Penny & Gentles'
loss, which was covered entirely by in
surance. Is estimated at $135,000. Schaper
Brothers' loss it* estimated at $100,000.
Thesfe two concerns occupied about .half
the block on the west side of Broadway,
south from the corner of Franklin ave
nue, and the buildings were entirely de
stroyed. The rest of the block on the
west side of the street Is taken up by the
buildings occupied by the Famous Dry
goods store, whose loss was compara
tively slight.
On Franklin. Just back of ; Penny &
Gentles', the building occupied by the
Fuch Millinery and Cloak Company Buf
fered a loss on the stock of $40;000.
The store occupied by D. Crawford &
Co., at Broadway and Franklin avenue,
was entirely burned, with a leg's on build
ings and stock of $70,000. The People's
House Furnishing Company, at 814 North
Broadway, was completely wrecked: loss,
$50,000. At 812 North Broadway, Deere
Brothers' store, filled with a stock of
5 and 10 cent goods, sustained a $33,000
loss on buildings and stock.
The fire swept through the block from
Broadway to Fourth street and burned all
buildings' from 827 to 809 N. Fourth street.
These buildings were old three and four
story structures, come' occupied as. tene
ments above and stores " below, while
others were vacant. Here the St. Louis
Dressed Beef and Provision Company, the
Schisler-Cornell Seed Company and three
small stores suffered a loss of J65.000,
while the losses on buildings amount; to
nearly $45,000. .. '.
Among the firms and individuals that
suffered heavily from the fire are the fol
lowing, whose places of business were on
the east side of Fourth and west side, of
Third streets: A. Nasse, wholesale grocer;
Plant Seed Company; Krennlng Glass
Company, Bassett's plumbing' establish
ment. McClain & Alcorn Commission
Company, . Buelter-Block Commission
Company. Nelson Distilling Company,
Hake & Sons' Commission Company,
George A. Benton, produce: Bawer Flour
Company, Shaw & Richmond, produce.
Late to-niKht John Cummlngs, private
watchman of Penny & Gentles', was "ar
rested and is being held at the Four
Courts pending an investigation into the
origin of the fire. He was taken into
custody as the result of a statement by a
woman rooming opposite to the effect
that she had seen a man answering the
watchman's description lighting matches
In the store previous to the fire. . -""..-/¦. -«"
Continued on Sixth Paga.
DTTRBAN, Feb. 4. — General Buller crossed the Tugela River on Friday- night and is marching. on Lady
*. smith. No definite news will be permitted to go out until Ladysmith is relieved. . '
liADYSMITII, Saturday, Feb. 3 (by heliograph via Signal HillY— General Uuller's guns have
been heard. Otherwise it is very quiet. We are awaiting Turther news or hi ; progress. There have been
no developments here. Very lew Boers show northeast of camp. The majority are concentrated couth and west.
The health of the garrison is improved.
LADYSMITH, Feb.- 4- (by heliograph via Signal Hill.)— The- garrison was much cheered by
hearing General Buller's guns yesterday. The result of the engagement is not knownJ The Boers are again
massing near Ladysmith, also moving another gun toward Surprise Hill. We are quite ready for them if they
contemplate another attack. '
BULLER FIGHTING NORTH
OF THE TUGELA RIVER
Thunder of the British Cannon Gives Renewed
Hope- to the Gallant Defenders of ||§|
-.Continue* on Bwmd Pag*.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVH-KO. 67.
SAN FRANCISCO, MOKDAY, FEBRUARY 5, f 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
The fire- started at Franklin avenue and Broadway, • seven blocks , north of the Court House, wnose cupoia is seen «
In the left of the picture, and which stands on Broadway and Chestnut street, and swept' east and southeast to «
within a couple of blocks of the end of the Eads 1 ridge, shown on the right 'of the picture. \ -• , : ; :^;i4
Special Cable to The Call and - the New : York
Herald. . Copyright, 1900, by James Gordon
Bennett.
LONDON, Feb.' s.—Just one week
ago to-day General Buller.'"in an
address to" Warren's' division, bade
-. the . men to be, of good cheer, for
he hoped to be in Ladysmith within
a week. > •
That the general's hopes have not yet
been realized may be taken as a cer
tainty; for there is no doubt.that.news of
the relief of Ladysmlth would not «be
held up.by.the.War Office. 'Has he even
yet begun an advance and crossed' the
Tugela? ,-..-;¦ *•, ,
A.host of rumors were current yester
day In regard to the' British commander's
movement In Natal, the general tenor
of the reports being, that he-was once
more - endeavoring. to force his way
through the Boer lines. One telegram
went bo far as to assert positively that
he had- crossed the Tugela. Up; 1 to an
early hour, this morning no confirmation
of these statements was forthcoming, the
War Office stating simply that.it had no
news for publication.
The Dally Telegraph's correspondent,
Mr. Bennet Burlelgh, who is with Buller's
army, .telegraphed from Spearmans Camp
at 6 o'clock last evening that, aside from
occasional sniping and the advance of a
small body of British troops to drive back
Boer sharpshooters from the' north bank
of the Tugela at Potgieters Drift, the day
was quiet. He added, - however, .that
the troops were enthusiastic '- over the
prospect of an early advance.
,On the other hand, one of the news
agency reports says that Buller, crossed
the Tugela on Friday and is marching on
Ladysmlth. It is possible that Lord
Dundonald's recent 'reconnoissance' to the
most westerly of the drifts on the Tugela
was mistaken for an advance in force.
Another agency has a . message to the
effect-that on Saturday. Ladys'mlth heard
the guns of the army of relief. Then the
Pietermaritzburg. correspondent of the
Dally Mail states definitely that General
Bufler has undoubtedly secured a road
to Ladysmlth and will reach his objective
point this week. .This last message may
be merely an echo of the general's Spear
mans Camp speech, ¦ but the other two
telegrams are more ' definite. I :
| It is difficult to understand why, wHh
out large reinforcements. General . Buller
should' succeed;: on t this;, occasion, after
failing at' Spion Kop, unless under the
steady pressure 'which the', strengthened
British forces in other fields are beginning
to exert the Boers' have weakened their
forces before Ladysmith and. that Bulier
is aware of this. •¦' £'_->. ii'-'ir.
¦ " All ' over town one heard " nothing ' but'
talk .of a new attempt" to. relieve Lady
smlth. During the day I met' a' gentleman'
from South Africa^ who gave me "news
some ' time ago' of A what', was -going . on- at
Delagoa Bay.^When I ho-was '• aaked^Trbjj,
just one victory the war is half over."
- In the clubs, ¦ where accurate informa
tion Is usually to be obtained, I found the
same, impression prevailing. There has
returned also a general feeling of confi
dence, just exactly the opposite, to what
Is represented in certain foreign news
papers, which describe the British nation
as nervous and the military position as
hopeless.' ' ' ."¦ \
To-day r war overshadows everything.
People— women Just as much as men— will
riot talk of anything else. .'-¦ ¦> -.:
BULLER MAY SOON
REACH LADYSMITH
LONDON, Feb. s.— The Pietermaritzburg
correspondent of the Daily Mall, tele
graphing yesterday, says:
"General Buller has undoubtedly se
cured the road to Ladysmlth and should
reach his 'objective point this week. It
Is believed here that the object of the
Boers in occupying Ngiitu, Zululand, is to
secure the road from Dundee to Vryheid
In case of 'retreat.
VI learn from a' reliable source that Gen
eral Joubert was seriously injured by a
shell in ! the fight at Willow Grange, and
that he .will never ; be able to command
again on. horseback. My informant says
that ¦ he has, •in > fact, retired from the
field. '
"The Boers admit that the attack , on
Ladyßmlth was a. serious blunder, and
would not have occurred rif. General Jou
bert" had .been In command. General Lu
cas'Meyer played the coward at Talana
and sheltered .himself in a Red- Cross
wagon, ' shamming . sickness. .' He ' has been
he was so joyous his reply was that from
reports he had received from a goad
source he was, confident that the losses of
the Boers had been enormous. 7-'/. ; ;'-i/
"Considering their limited forces, they
have," he said, "had over. 9ooo casualties,
which they conceal with the utmost care
from the relatives of the dead. There are
thousands . of letters at . the Boer head
quarters which are undelivered because
those to whom they are addressed are no
more.
"I think that Buller Is all right. The
only thing' to do with the Boers is to keep
banging away at them. A few more such
victories as the Boers have had of late
and they will be finished with. The Boers
can replace nothing, of what they lose,
whereas the English can fill up every gpp
which occurs. That's why I say Buller ia
right, even if he has to retire again, to
attack and keep harassing the Boers,
who are in a bad plight, suffering men
tally and physically and falling short of
ammunition, shoes and clothing.
•T have heard on the best authority
that General Buller has " gone on again
and that the .War Office is already. In pos
session of important Information but does
not purpose to, lay ltselfopen to further
criticism of haste by letting out' valuable
news" prematurely. - If Buller only getsTELEPHONE GRANT 3S.
J 222-224 SUTTER STREET ?
".T; 1 --. — r ' +
* SPECIAL ?
I MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDHESDAY I
<t> '?-."•¦ . ?
v J Particular attention Is di-
a X rected to our offerings of fine ?
Imported Port, Sherry and ?
® ? Madeira. We carry a very J
8 ? large and complete variety of
c ? Imported Wines, Cordials, +
- t etc. *
i * ?
! I Olives quart 25c J
? California, black ripe. Regularly S3c. *
! ? Kona Coffee -20c *
' 4» From Sandwich Islands; roasted and <£
s ground fresh daily. Regularly 230
\ ? Eggs dozen 22 l-2c I
* <$> Fresh ranch: very choicest. <».
I ? Perfumes f 1-4 oz bottles 55c ?
? Crown Perfumery Co.'s. London; It ?
J<^ different odors. Regularly Tic. ,^
- ? Jellies and Jams 3 J;rs 50c ?
? Home-made, pure fruit Juice. Regu- ?
I «> Society Tea Ib 60c >
ft <^ A very fragrant blend of Oolons '*
I a^ character. Regularly 73c Sample ,»
package 10c. \
¦ 4 HousettoM Scale eacb 51.50 .!;
I ,* Guaranteed accurate; weighs up to 1
24 lbs. Regularly JS 23. Fifty only at <*
4* this price. ¦
: J Ginger Ale, Imp dozen $1.35 J
Xew shipment. Just In from- Eelfast.
4> Regularly |1 50. "&
* Coracao, °?^>V in . $1.50 1
4> Imported Holland; red, orange- and '
| />. white. Regularly U 73. V
. ¦*_¦ Mixed Nuts per Ib 15c t
I ? Regularly We.
* Extension Broom Handle (naw) +
| I eacb Isc ?
' A A simple devic* which may b* at- ?
• tached to the handle of any broom, ?*.
duster or wlndow-waaher. Regu- .
larly 23c *
* Imported Port bot $1.15 I
* gal $4.50 t
¦ 4> V. O. P. London Dock: very old wine. ,«
. Regularly $1 CO aad H CO.
~. Imported Sharry - bot 51-00 *
: * gal $4.00 *
i Oloroea: excellent quality. Regu- «.»•
»¦ larly $1 25 and $5 00.
- Amontillado Sherry bot 51.90 «
I gal $8.00 *
Extra, dry. Regularly $3 W and »10. <*
* Imported Madeira bot $1.15 t
* gal $4-50 %
? Old private Victoria: a very flea '
wine. Regularly II 63 and $0 00. *
Send for monthly ca.talogu«; mailed
a free. • <*
Country orders carefully packed and
? shipped free ICO miles.
A Free delivery to Oakland. A!i~neda V
and Berkeley, whether your purchase
* be large or small. . ->.-'
? N ¦ •*
1/ At Auction!
TIES DAT.
TUESDAY-- FEBRUARY 6. 1900
AT 13 O'CLOCK NOON, AT
Our Salesroom, 638 Market St.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER MANSION.
Northwest corner (No. 1800) Devtsadero an«l
McAllister sts.; large elegant residence, 25
rooms; baths, ballroom. biHUrd-roum. etc; lot
50x100.
GUERRERO- STREET BXTTLDINO LOT.
¦\Test stde Guerrero St., 45 feet north of Four-
teenth; lot 4."x76:4; bitumen street.
MISSION-STREET RESIDENCE.
We»t stde; Jll4 Mission «t. bet. Seventeenth
•nd Eighteenth: 23:4 south of Clarion st. : two-
story house. 'S rooms and bath; lot 23:1x^0.
WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
North slds McAllister et., 137 :« west of Flll-
rnore; large lot. 40x137:6.
MISSION COTTAGES.
West side <Xos. 804-80«) Shotwell St.; 83:2H
feat south of Twenty-second st. : two- well-built
eottazes of 5 rooms and bath; lot 56x58:5.
SEVENTEENTH-STREET BUILDING LOT.
North aide Seventeenth St., IS6 fs?t west
Clara aye, ; lot 2SxS7:B.
SANCHEZ-STREET CORNER.
Northwest corner Sanchez and Palmer sts.;
large, irregular.
TWENTY-FIFTH-STREET iLOTS. •
Bouth line Twenty-flfth st.. SO feet west of
Cattro; three lots. 26:3x114 each.
FINE. LEVEL CORNER LOTS.
* Northeast corner Twenty-sixth and York sts.;
f5xlOO; In subdivisions.
PRECITA-AVENtTE LOTS. . •*--
South side Precita aye.. 500 feet west Foisom
st.; directly opposite Howard st. ; lot SCxl23. or
in subdivisions.
INOLESIDE. HOMES.
West side (No. 311-315) Faxton aye.. near
Ocean House road; lot 60x112:1; two modern
houses: 7 room* and bath; all modern Im-
provements.
EABTON, ELDRIPHE * CO.,
«3S Market street. ,
g||pBIIPTDRE
WHEN w» say "RUPTURE CURETT* w»
mean It. for It Is * fact tbat thousands of cures
have been accomplished by Dr. Pierce* World-
"nowned ELECTRIC TRUSS during th« put
twenty-ftve years. There ts nothing else Uka It
on earth! It does the work! Hay« received so
many letters and testimonials that «» hardljr
know what to do with them ali. If ruptured In.
vMtlga-te at oace. Our prices ar» reasonable;
but not cheap. We make no discounts. "Dr.
Pterce's" la THE truss, and you caanot b«
harpy till yea get It. . • - ¦
¦you can get cur "BOOKLET No. 1" for noth-
lnc by calling at the ofSce. or It will b« sent t<i
you on receipt of a 2-cent stamp. It tells an
about this TRITSS. Address - ,
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
(20 Market street. BAN FRANCISCO.
88 Tribune bulWing. NEW YORK.
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
V .MEDICAL. ~Z~ .¦. ¦ ".
Df^COVERY
FOR THE -
BLOOD.LIVER.LUWGg;
Oleet. SparmatorrhoTt
/gKF in 1 1» S 4»r».^i annatattt is*
JEfSJf os»t»3lmJ B charge*, or »ny inflar-iTrn.
««CY ao> to wruwtfc "" tlon. irrlUUon or ukeraZ
g7*VH£Evm CHOnru Ca •>»»«•• Non-*etrlngcnt
«^CINCJNlt*ao.B^g * old »>y Drugrgiax*.
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per Year
Daily Telegraph says: "From well
informed sources I learn that the Boer
plan was. after the capture of Ladysmith.
which was expected on January 6. to send
President Kruger to Europe by way of
Delegoa Bay to appeal personally to the
powers to stop the war and save the two
republics."
ENTHUSIASTIC PRO-BOER
MEETING IN DENVER
DENVER, Feb. 4.— Twenty-five hundred
persons packed the Broadway Theater to-:
night to express sympathy for the Boers
in their war with Great Britain. At least
that many more were turned away on ac
count of the limited Fpace within the the
ater. S. J. D«nleavy. the recognized lead
er of the Irish in Colorado, presided. Gov
ernor Thomas, Thomas M. Patterson,
Mayor H. V. Johnson, Father W. O'Ryan
and others delivered strong addresses
sympathetic for the Boer republic. Gov
ernor Thomas declared Great Britain de
served the condemnation of the nations
of the world.
The resolutions declared for moral and
financial sympathy for the Boers and
against an An^lo-American alliance.
Copies were ordered sent to President Mc-
Kinley and the Colorado delegation in
Cogress. Congressmen Shafroth and Bell
sent telegrams of strong sympathy with
the object of the meeting.
BALTIMORE. Feb. 4.-Xearly 2000 per
sons attended an enthusiastic pro-Boer
mass-meeting in Ford's Opera-house to
night. The principal speakers were Con
gressmen Sulzer of New York, Rhea of
Kentucky. Lentz of Ohio and De Armond
of Missouri and Senator Allen of Nebras
ka. Several hundred dollars were raised
for the Boer relief fund. Congressman
Sulzer of New York was permanent chair
man of the meeting. • Almost the first ut
terance of the New Yorker set the audi
ence on fire, and several times during the
course of his remarks he was Interrupted
for five minutes at a time with the shouts
and huzzahs of the audience. Said he:
I hop« that this bloody and unjust conflict
will end in the marauding British being driven
from the Transvaal and the ultimate institu
tion of the United States of South Africa. This
Is a war as unholy as any war ever waxed.
It is a crying word and a crim« In the- face
ot the civilized world. We want this country
to »how her colors. We want the pro-English
policy at the White House to come down.
Senator William V. Allen of Nebraska
said he believed the common people of
England are against the war. Said he:
It Is the official England that is proseeutinr
and persecuting the hapless • Uo*rs. If the po
litical party to which I belong- Vere In power
It would not be forty-eight hours until the
news would be flashed across the ocean that
the hand of the butcher must be staved In
Souti Africa.
Congressman Rhea of ' Kentucky re
ferred sarcastically to the so-called Eng-
Hsh-speaklnK alliance, and declared that,
notwithstanding. England dared to stop
our merchant marine on the high seas.
He continued: » . •
And what happened? I'll call a spade a
¦pade. I will not sar "official America." m
•ay President McKlnley and hi* administra
tion. That's why the Incident Dtased off aa
It did. In a week or tan days the answer to
our protest came. It said. "Walt, be still.
unable to face the Boers since, and they
threaten to shoot him.
"The Boera say Great Britain made a
mistake In not sending General Sir Evelyn
Wood. I understand that they still have
thousands of barrels of food supplies
etored In reserve at Delagoa Bay."
Winston Churchill, In a dispatch from
Epearmans Camp, dated Saturday. Febru
ary 3, sayr:
"The belief is general that all will be
staked on the issue of the coming battle.
It is probable that no press telegrams will
be permitted to leave pending the opera
tions. The fiphting power, morale and
material of the army was never higher
than It is now."
The Daily Telegraph has the following
dlf-patch from Spcarmans Camp, dated
feanday evening:
"Messages are now freely exchanged
between the camps of General Buller and
General White— by night with calcium
light, by day with heliograph. The men
are enthusiastic at the prospect of a
f-peedy advance under General Buller's in
structions. A very large convoy with
stores for the besieged garrison will ac
company the relieving force. The Boers
have repaired the road bridge over the
Tußela at Colenso sufficiently for the
jiaesage of cavalry."
PROBABLE DIRECTION
OF BULLER'S ADVANCE
IX)XDON. Feb. 6.— A special dispatch
from Durban, dated Sunday, and referr
ing to General Culler's recrosfing the Tu
eela In an advance upon Ladysmith, says:
"It is probable that General Buller
crossed at a *pot above Trlchards Drift,
and that, leaving the enemy to the right,
he Is marching to Acton Homes, whence
the road to Ladycmith runs almost due
rast, through a fairly open country.
"It Is expected here that he will reach
Ladysmith to-morrow (Monday) night."
Spencer Wilkinson, In the Morning Post
to-<iay, predicts that the war will end
rightly in epite of all bungling. He »ays:
"When Lord Roberts is ready for the
advance a new complexion will be put on
the campaign. There will be a strategical
Idea, and as this idea gradually reveals
Itself, what seemed an inextricable' tangle
of dlfflcultle* will In time present itself
as a comparatively simple problem."
The correspondent of the Times at Lou
renzo M&rquez. telegraphing on Saturday,
again comments upon - "the facility with
which foreign mercenaries get through."
This, In his opinion, euggeets the exist
ence of "an effective local organization
enjoying the co-operation of the Portu
guese oSclals."
He says: "In face of the experiences of
the last few days It is hopeless to expect
lha exercise of any but the most per
functory control of the rush toward the
Transvaal:"
The Capetown correspondent of the
looking over redoubts, diffginx trenches, passing
water up the sloj.ff. the littie ran re of purple
breasts is alive with Boers. Then we must
have been mistaken about the peacefulness of
thlg place. Peace where all those Boers are?
There has been no t»eace In Africa since the
Boers came here; no peace for the British Blnce
they became the Boers' nelrhbor*.
We are to lunch with the ruards. Welcomed,
and places made for us, we Feat ourselves and
• re served with soup. Boom'. Soof-soof-EOof
oo~h!
'j he boom is the noise of a big run; the soof
fonf is the shell tearlnr through the air. The
oipn— precisely like a couch— is the bursting
of the shell.
"That's our Joey." says the colonel. "Let
us see where the shell strikes. By Jove! a
pretty shot, plumb where they have their forty,
pounder."
Boom', from the Boer run on the right.
T'irh! from th»ir shell, which sent us a fountain '
of spray of sand near the ganpers' hut.
"Didn't burst," says a captain.
'"D^vilifh Ftrangr. though." «ay« another.
And we are all out of the tent. Bendln«c for
Cla^M"?. forgetting:' our lunch, intent upon this
gixantio duel. How frequently does this har
pen? How often is this vale of pastoral peace
startled by Fuch sounds and actions? Oh, as
a rule. ev*ry morning with a shot or two; every
afternoon ¦with from half an hour to two
houre' firlne. and then atain at odd and un
expected hours on odd and unlooked-for days.
The Standard's correspendent at Lady
emlth devotes the greater part of a two
column letter to the subject of spies. He
writes:
That there are traitors and spies, white as
well as black, in the garrison of Ladysmlth, is
evidently certain. The enemy never falls to re
ceive notice of our movements. General Jou
bert,. indeed, is said to have been anery be
cause on cne occasion he bad not heard of the
order countermanding a night attack. He com
plained of General White's want of considera
tion in keeping the burghers out of bed on
HEAVY CASUALTIES AMONG MAJORS.
In the battle at Ladysmith January 6 fourteen commissioned officers,
including Colonel Dick Cunyngham and the Earl of Ava, were killed and
twenty-seven wounded— a total of forty-one. Of this number the rank of
major furnished eight— three killed and five wounded— a remarkably heavy
proportion.
\
"I do not believe the sun in heaven ever
shone on a more just war than that of
tne United States against Spain. But
could it be said that the sun ever shone
on a more unjust war than the one be
tween ureat Britain and the Transvaal."
TOOK WAR TALK IN
A SERIOUS LIGHT
LONDON, Feb. s.— While Londoners are
not at all alarmed or worried over the
outcome, of the war some members of the
foreign colony are quite. uneasy.
An amusing Incident occured at the
Carleton Hotel the other day. The
leaderof theHungarlan band requested of
the manager of the hotel that he and hi»
men be released from their contract so
that they could return home. Upon being
urged to give his reasons he said mysteri
ously: "We have been told there is going
to be a revolution in London and we want
to go away until it is over." •
GERMANY SATISFIED
FOR THE PRESENT
BERLIN, Feb. 4.— The German Foreign
Office to-day Informed the correspondent
of the Associated Press that with the re
lease of the two missionaries. Pastors
Harms and Struck, whom the British au
thorities have paroled and sent to Dur
ban, Germany's negotiations with Great
Britain have ceased for the present. The
damage claims for the seizure of German
vessels by British warships will not be
presented until all the evidence bearing
on the case has been had.
BOERS CAPTURE THE
NGUTU MAGISTRACY
BOER HEAD LAAGER, LADYSMITH.
Feb. 2.— With the exception of desultory
shots from "Long Tom" everything Is
quiet. Boers with artillery from the Vry
heid district attacked the Ngutu Magis
tracy, Zululand, on January 31, and cap
tured the magistrate and eleven white
and thirty-four colored police, ttjelr
horses. 340 rifles and much ammunition.
The prisoners were Bent to Pretoria.
KOP CAPTURED
BY A BOLD DASH
RENNESBURG, Feb. B.— The New
Zealanders, Remington's guides and a
squadron of the Life Guards made a
sweep of several miles along the hills ad
jacent to the British right flank. One
kop occupied by Boers was rushed, the
Boers clearing out after a slack resist
ance. One New Zealander was wounded.
Small parties in the distance retreated
whenever British horses appeared.
All Well in Maf eking.
LONDON, Feb. 4.— The War Office has
received this from Lord Roberts, dated
Cape Town, February 4:
"Mafeklng well on January 17. ! Trenches
extended toward big gun battery. Enemy
now pushing back on northern, southern
and western sides, well out of rifle fire.
No change In the situation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GENERAL AVERELL'S
CAREER IS CLOSED
Death Summons the Famous Cav
alry Leader and Inventor of
ASpnalL raving*
NEW TORK, Feb. 4.— Major General
William Woods Averell, the last of the
great cavalry leaders of the Union army,
died at Bath, N. V., yesterday, aged 68
years. He ,jvas one of the inventors of
asphalt paving, and in 1893, after seven
teen years of litigation, was awarded
$700,000 by the appellate division of the Su
preme Court as his share of the profits of
the Barber Asphalt Paving Company.
The name of this famous cavalry leader
is not as familiar In these days and in this
part of the country as It was during the
closing years of the war and the decade
following throughout the greater part of
Virginia and West Virginia, where his
dashing operations made it even better
known than those of Sheridan and Cus
ter and Crook.
General" Avrell was born at Cameron,
N. V., in 1832, and graduated ffom West
Point in 1535. As a lieutenant of mounted
riflemen, he saw much frontier service
against the Indians, until October, 1858,
when he was severely wounded. When
th*» civil war broke out he was on in
definite sick leave, as a result •of his
wound, but returned to duty and rendeerd
important services in those early days of
the great conflict. He participated in the
battle of Bull Run. as acting adjutant
general to General Fitz John Porter, and
fcoon after was made colonel of the Third
Pennsylvania Cavalry and put in com
mand of a brigade before the defenses of
Washington. In the spring of 1862« he led
the advance on Richmond, taking active
part in the Peninsular campaign, and the
seven days' rights, and afterward. In the
Rappahannock campaign at Kelly's Ford,
and commanded one of the two divisions
of cavalry with which Stoneman made his
famous raid to the rear of Lee'» army.
In 1563 he was given command ¦of the
Fourth Separate Cavalry brigade, which
command was later Increased by three
brigades of cavalry and one of infantry,
with which he rendered most effective
service in clearing the Confederates out
of West Virginia. In the winter of 1863
64. he made his great strike in his raid
to Southwest Virginia, and cutting the
railroad to Tennessee by which Long
street, then near Knoxvllle, was getting
his supplies. The following summer he
commanded one of the divisions of cav
alry In Hunter's raid up the valley of
Virginia, toward Lynchburg, and by hi.s
activity and knowledge of the country
was largely instrumental in saving the
expedition from complete disaster and
capture.
In the fall of that year he fought the
battles of Moorefleld, Winchester and
Bunker Hill, with great credit to his abil
ity as a commander. Later he joined
Sheridan near Winchester, and partici
pated In all the campaigns that followed
under that commander, including the bat
tles of the Opequon, Fisher's Hill and
Mount Jackson. For his conduct of the
action at Moorefield he was brevetted
major general. He resigned from the
army in March. ISCS, and was appointed
United States Consul General at Montreal.
Canada, in 18C6. In ISSS, by act of Con
press, he was restored tae his grade of
captain in the regular army and placed
on the retired list.
POPULISTS INCLINED
TO FORSAKE BRYAN
National Committee Meeting at Lincoln
Likely to Be Dominated by
Middle-of-jtie-Rqadsters.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Feb. 4.-fNebraska Populists who favor fusion are an
ticipating trouble in the selection ooff f nominees for the Presidential ticket. J. '
H. Edminston of this city has been assured that at leaat 150 members of the .
Populist National Committee will attend the meeting to be held here Febru
ary 19. and while ft is generally believed that the Western delegates will/fa
vor the holding of the national convention at the same time and place with
the Democrats, there is no doubt that the combined strength of the midrlle
of-the-roadsters will amount to a great deal when it comes to deciding upon
a location. < ¦. ¦ . .
It is not at all certain that the fusionists who favor nominating" Bryan
and demanding in exchange the Vice Presidency will be In the majority.
If they are, the convention will prob ably be located with that of the Demo
crats, but if the. middle-of-the-roadster s predominate the convention will be
held a month or more earlier. : ' ¦
The scheme proposed for defeating the. opponents of fusion is to , have
United States Senator W. V. Allen nominated, with the. National. Committee
holding the power to fill. any vacancy that might occur on the ticket, so
that upon. the withdrawal of Mr. Allen the name of Mr. Bryan might be
substituted. ; It is ; also, asserted that by pursuing this plan there Would b©
a possibility" of having Allen- nominated for Vice President by the Demo
crats. Wp&k
BAKER & HAMILTON'S
FACTORY DESTROYED
Fire "WTilc^ Started in the. Foundry
Spreads Throughout the
Suildinfir.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BENICIA, Feb. 4.— At about 10:50 p. m.
fire was discovered near the .roof in the
east wing of the foundry at Baker &
Hamilton's agricultural works. . The fire
spread to the main building, completely
gutting the entire structure. The cause is
unknown, as there has been no flre In the
building since Saturday noon.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AU
druggists r»fund the money If It falls to cure,
E \V. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c.
Continued from First Page.
We'll Investigate the matter. If anything is
wrong we will make It all right." I would
have started a man-of-war across the ocean
and though England stood In all her terrible
power I would have said, —Here stands old
Kentucky." I will say here to-night that in
a crisis a certain man Is not dead, I will not
call his name— you know who' he Is. (Cries of
i-ryan. Bryan! )
JOLIET. 111.. Feb. 4.-About 1000 people
attended a pro-Boer meeting here to-day
?£ hr V?\, Koa , tl^ { L, of Ch| caßo, president of
the National Order of Hibernians, the
principal speaker, asserted that Enellsh
men did not make good citizens of this
country, and he was greeted with hisses
by a number of English sympathizers who
were present. Resolutions eulogizing
President Kruger and "his stand for lib
erty, and condemning Great Britain
were approved amid great applause
ALGER OPPOSED TO
PRO-BOER MEETINGS
DETROIT. Feb. 4.-Ex-Secretary of
War Alger said to-day In the course of an
interview:
It is unfortunate and Is accordingly bad taste
for the public men In the United States to mix
up in the affairs in South Africa at the present
It Is particularly unfortunate when the anl
mUS ls , dl r > ,o, ot «' d against Great Britain-she was
our valuable friend of two years ago. rxirTng
?Mn^V«J rlt s R P» ln -°«at Britain-; whole a*
titude toward us was so unmistakably friendly
that its Influence In preventing what might
otherwise have occurred in the way of Kuro
pean Intervention will never be capable of full
measurement We owe her a debt of gratitude
and the- least we. can do In reply Is to ab
stain front interference In her present struggle
against the South African republics Blru ** le
What I complain of. to be explicit is the
course of a man like Mr. Bryan in going from
place to place attempting to further hi" pofftN
cal ambitions by fanning Into flame whaTJver
anti-British sentiment he may find In our
homogeneous population. 'He Is the spokesma^
ti th h« £ m . eri S2 n party ' a for *ncr Candidas
for the highest office in the gift of the nation
and a prospective candidate for another race"
after the Presidency. His words may have
greater weight and effect abroad than here at
home. I think the pro-Boer resolutions passed
by some of the State Legislatures and by large
public moss-meetings are aa much to be re
gretted aa these speeches of Mr. BryarT
URGES IRISHMEN
TO STRIKE A BLOW
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.-The Academy of
Music was crowded from pit to dome with
men and women who cheered Miss Maud
Gonne, the "Irish Joan of Aro.'Mn her
bitter denunciation of England's policy in
South Africa. Miss Gonne did not con
» ne her remarks against the present war
with the Boers, but in no uncertain tones
told her hearers that it was the time for
tho Irishmen to strike an effective blow
and throw off the shackles that have
bound them for more than. 7oo years.
England's difficulty is Ireland's oppor
tunity, and it you'are men .having, the
freedom of Ireland^ at • heart now Is your
time, she declared amid great 'applause.
The crowd cheered itself hoarse. - She said
In part:.
"One of the greatest crimes the world
ev«r witnessed Is belzur Dametratad In
BULLER FIGHTING NORTH
OF THE TUGELA RIVER
Mournful Monday (the name given by common
consent to the day of Nicolsor.s Nek), when
the Boera gave disastrous proof of acquaintance
with our plans by withdrawing their main body
from tbe center of our attack and by prepar
ing an ambush for the Gloucesters and Irish
F*uslleers. The reconnolssance under Colonel
Brocklehurst also showed that they had been
warned in time to change their position. In
short, it Is impossible to avoid the reflection
that we are in an enemy's country. The loy
alty of the British colonists Is b-» ond sus
picion, but the Dutch element in Xutal is very
strong. Several farmers have been caught red
handed and many civilians and volunteers have
brothers and cousins fighting on the other side.
Every project Is known and discussed in the
volunteer lines long before the regulars have
any idea of It, and of course have ; received
countermands of orders that have reached
them.
Our horses and oxen have Buffered, the sup
ply of fodder being exhausted and the limited
area of grazing grounds having been cropped
to the last blade. Groceries have run out; pure
water is scarce: whisky sells at 3fi cents a
drink, and milch cows are coromandered
for beef, but more oppressive than all the hard
ships w» endure la the dreadful monotony of
the siege. We have ceased to take any Interest
in shells, and even the most timid walk up
street to see the damage done" by one of Long
Tom's best effectives. The opportunity for
exercise U restricted. and a gallop on
horseback is possible only under shrapnel or
common shell. There might appear to be one
resource left, and that is to sleep the time'
peacefully away. Even this consolation Is de
nied, for Ladysmith is afflicted with a plague
of flies more terrible than any which op
pressed the Egyptians. They descend upon us
in clouds— noisy, voracious, stinging pens, at
tacking every exposed part of the body with
ceaseless energy, boldness and unflinching de
termination. Every dish on the table is black
with these torments, so that it Is often liter
ally impossible to see the food or to carry It
to the mouth without the risk of swallowing
scores of the insects.
ORDERS OPENING
PHILIPPINE PORTS
Otis Puts an End to the
Blockade.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.—
General orders If sued by command of Ma
jor General Otis relative to the establish
ment of civil government and the open
ing of the ports of the Philippines to
trade have Just been received by the War
Department. '
Brigadier General S. B. M. Young is now
serving as military governor of the prov
inces of Northwestern Luzon west of the
provinces of Cagayan, Isabela and Nueva
V lzcaya, which are under command of
Colonel O. C. Hood, Sixteenth Infantry.
Those provinces within General Youngs
command are Abra, Bontoc, JBenguet L-»
panto. Uocos (North and South) «md
Lnion. and nis headquarters are estab
lished In Vigan. The troops at his disposal
are the Third Cavalry and Thirty-third
Infantry, which have established per
manent stations at San Fernando, Vigan
and Laoag, with outposts and subposts
for the protection of the inhabitants and
the administration of public affairs.
After the appointment of General Young
General Otis issued an order declartnc
Dagupan, San Fernando de la Union.
Vigan, Laoag and Apayri open for trade
under the coasting trade regulations. Gen
eral Otis also issued an order at the same
time directing that trade with the ports
of the Sulu archipelago, with those of
Zamboanga Cottabatto and Davao. of the
Island of Mindanao, and with the island
of liasilan, be Te-established. The ports of
Zamboanga, Mindanao, Jolo, the Island of
Jolo. Bla£si and the Island of Slaast were
declared to be open ports for the time
being.
In order to prevent art attempt to de
stroy any of tne American warships an
chored In Manila Bay, General Otis has
Issued an order warning resident mer
chants and all inhabitants that the "pres
ence of small boats propelled by oars or
hand-paddles In the waters of the outer
harbor of Manila between the hours of
sunset and sunrise is prohibited. Should
euch boats approach a warship of the
united States during the period specified
they win incur great danger of being
fired upon."
LONDON. Jan. 24.— War letters from
Ladysmith monopolize to-day's Lon
don papers- The Times' corre
spondent at that place writes under
date of December 13:
It is Imx>oes!t>le to express the : feeling of
consternation with which the news of General
Buller's check on the Tugela raver was re
ceived. All had made uj> thfir minds that the
.period of enforced inactivity »a» at an end. No
one Tor a moment imagined that the Fouthern
fore* wou!d be anything but r\!zc*~*ln\. On
December 12 heavy Jlrln* had been beard in the
direction of Colenso, while on th* fallowing
•day the pirkets on Caesar* fami> and Matron
Hill had Emi the smoke made by the burMinK
ehelU. Then we waited for news— waited
breathlessly for orders to be given to the fly
ing column, composed of ihe Lwvansnire and
Manchester regiments and th<» «Jord ,n High
lander*, to leave camp to complete the .ievatita
tlr»n which tbe southern force had tweun.
Men and women congratulated therr.f elves in
the streets when they heard that one of our
heavy runs had been sent to Wagnn Hill to
cover the movement of the advancing- columns;
but the silence waa rr°l<>riEed. though the
heliograph winked ceaselessly from the hill
top*, but rumor had its way and stories were
told of a Frlendid victory, of deserting Boers.
of fleelnjr IJutch and flauphtered burgbersi but
nothing from headquarters. I>ecember 16 was
l.tngan* day. the anniversary of * ne declara
tion of the independence of the South African
republic by the triumvirate in ISSO. It
thourfct tbat this would he a suitable date for
tif to crush th« power of the rebel Mate.
Day dawned, and with the advent of the sun
the big bud on Bulwayo opened a spiteful fire.
Twenty round* were flred into the town. The
Boers had remembered the Falute which we had
fired on the I*r;nce «;f Wales' birthday. Grimly |
on Pinpan's Jay they returned tho talute, and •
with the effect that there were three casual
ties from the fire. This salute was the song of
the dyinj; swan. In a fit of bravado the enemy
had ftred into v* before lemovinK the gun to
escape the advance from the south.
A ftory came in from Intotr.M Camp that the
Boer* had Bent them a number of wounded
Putch for treatment. Excitement ran high and i
¦m epeculafive photographer circulated a notice j
to the effect that cow the siege was practi
cally at an end. he would be happy to take a
nui group of the civilians trhi had survived."
But on Saturday night a sinister order appear
ed. The batteries attached to the flying col
umn were sent back to their positions in the
line of defense. On the morrow the following
peneral r>r,itr was published to the garrison:
"The general officer commanding the Natal
field force regrets to have tq announce that
general Sir Ttedvers Buller failed to make good
ti!s first attack on Olenso. Reinforcements
¦wi'l n^. therefore, arrive here as early as wa»
expected. Sir Oer.TTrr White is confident that
the defense of Ladysmith will be continued by
the garrison In the same spirit and manner it
ha« been conducted until the eeneral -officer
omtnanditg in chief In South Africa does re
lieve u."^
The news was received with blank dismay.
The disappointment 'was overwhelming. Then
ft* the situation began to be studied calmly the
tension was relieved.
A Lartysmith correspondent, desrribiner
the assault upon the ramp on January <5.
pives some interesting incidents. He
writes :
Wu taker, prisoner en Wagon Hill early In
the morning and was removed, in charge of aa
Hd "Boer, to place of safety halfway down
the hill. The enemy were on all sides of him. j
Mazing away at our fellows on the top. They
evidently took everything very coolly. They I
would crawl about imoni the ro<-ks until they (
found a suitable place for cover and then fire
away for about an hour, after which they would
crawl back for a emoke and a chat. Some of
Them would even go to sleep for thirty mm- i
Utes. They were perfectly confident of victory j
•nd had their tents ready to pitch Immediately
after they had captured the ridge. which they
said would be before night. On Sunday, they i
declared, they intended to take the town. At
f o'clock, however, in the middle of a terrific
shower of hail which swept over the ridge
when the Derons were making their charge j
across an open plateau, an old Boer rushed j
down the hill, shouting something in Dutch,
upon which every man retired, leaving their i
jrisonor to attend to himself, which he I
promptly did. successfully rejoining our troops. !
McNaughton supposed that the olj Dutchman
called out that the soldiers were upon them I
»ith the bayonet, and as they cannot face cold
steel they quickly evacuated the position which
they had held ail day.
The enemy are supposed to have been about
50»0 rtroiur. aJthoucb many of them. In fact
the majority, were acting as stipport*.
. Julian Ralph, the American correspond
ent, writes from Modder River to the
Daily Mall under date of December 30:
"Did you ever see any Boers?" an officer calls
out to us.
¦ "Very few." says I: "Just the prisoners we
have taken"— for we are fighting an Invisible
foe.- as everybody knowe by this time. :
"Well, have a look through thie."
He tapt>ed a gun telescope as he spoke and
«-c looked through.
"Heavens', are those Boers?"
T\> S ee them all over the hills in numbers
like Dlent lice on a leaf. They are all over
th« hills— riding. waJklng, sitting in groups
Stirring Incidents of the Siege Described in Let
ters From the Garrison of the South
African Stronghold.
GLOOM IN LADYSMITH WHEN
BULLER WAS DRIVEN BACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1900.
South Africa to-day. Actuated, as she
has always been, for ¦ the acquisition of
territory and. a lust for gold,' England,
the, robber nation of the "world, has
brought want, woe and desolation to the
unoffending white races in South Africa.'
MACRUM REFUSES
TO ANSWER QUESTIONS
! NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— Charles E. Ma
crum, former United States Consul at
Pretoria, arrived here to-day on the
American liner St. Paul. With him were
his wife and little- daughter. Mr.
Macrum's silence is still unbroken, though
he says that to-morrow, after his arrrlval
in Washington, he will issue a statement
over his signature, telling why he left
his post at such a critical time. -
Mr. Macrum was very reticent to talk
about even, the situation in Africa when
he left.
"There is nothing more I care to say
at present," he said v "I have been asked
time and time again as to my reasons for
leaving South Africa, and I must answer
now, as I have done in the past, that I do
not care to say anything. I shall go to
Washington as soon as possible— to-day If
I can make connections — and report to
the State Department. Then I will make
a statement, and not before then. I know
that many things have been said about
my leaving, but I have nothing to say at
present." . . . ¦
Mr. Macrum refused to either confirm
or deny the story that while In Paris he
held a conferenoe with Dr. Leyds. Presi
dent Krugvr's diplomatic repte3entativo
in ' Europe.
It was pointed out to the former Con
sul that the State Department had given
out that "he was no longer connected with
that branch of the service, and that for
that reason he was free to talk. To this
ho replied:
"I can"t help that. I consider that I am
connected with the department until I
have reported in Washington."
All sorts of questions were asked Mr.
Macrum relative to his leaving his post,
but all to no avail.
SIR EDMOND MONSON
HURRIES TO ROME
PARIS, 'Feb. . s.— The Echo de Paris
says: "Sir Edmond J. Monson. the Brit
ish Embassador. left Paris hastily yester
day (Sunday) morning for Rome. He had
received a cipher aispatch instructing him
to*support energetically the British Em
bassador in Rome in negotiations with
the Italian Government. Great Britain
asks Italy to land troops in accordance
with an agreement made since the Ital
ian defeat by Menelik. The Italian Cabi
net is embarrassed by the anti-English
attitude of tne population and by the po
sition of Italy in the triple alliance.
"Sir Edmond Monson has been specially
delegated to help In securing the desired
solution. In semi-official circles consid
erable doubt Is felt regarding the success
of this step, and grave international com
plications are foreseen."
The Echo <3e Paris also asserts that Sir
Philip Currie, British Embassador to
Italy, was in Paris on Thursday, Friday
and Saturday of last week In strict Incog
nito and that he had long consultations
with Sir Edmond Monson at a hotel in
the Place Vendome.
BRITISH PROFITING
BY EXPERIENCE GAINED
CAPE TOWN, Saturday. Feb. 3.— One
principle competent military observers
deduct from our assaults on the Boer po
sitions Is that with modern magazine
rifles using smokeless powder. the defense
is 10 to 1 as compared with the attack,
while formerly the rule was 3 to 1. The
results "at Mafeklng and Klmberley are
evidence of this principle, equally with
British experience at Magersfontein. A
wonderful change is taking place in the
army. The' British are grasping the new
condition of warfare. Our scouts, mount
ed infantry/Remington Guides, Little's
corps of Australians and New Zealandera
are quite able now to cope with the Boers.
Our Infantry, when moving Into faction,
now Instinctively seek cover. The depres
sion caused in England by the British re
verses has not reached the camps, where
the men are truly anxious to meet the
enemy. ¦
LONDON MAY RECALL
MONSON FROM FRANCE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— The Journal has
"the following from Paris: It Is freely re
ported in diplomatic quarters that Sir Ed
mund Monson, the British Embassador to
France, will be recalled forthwitn. The
grounds for this. It is alleged, will be that
the Minister of Public Instruction has en
tirely ignored Monson's repeated com
plaints respecting the caricatures of
Queen Victoria drawn by Artist Leandre.
They are still openly sold in the «hops of
the boulevards, and Leandxe has been
decorated with the Legion of Honor. Vle T
orous official denials of this report u.e
given. ';'¦ ¦
HOUSE MAY CONSIDER
MEDIATION IN AFRICA
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.— To-morrow Is
suspension day in the House, but the reg
ular order Is likely to be superseded by
the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill, which Chairman Hitt expects to call
up. This bill probably will raise a wide
field of discussion, touching very likely
the question of mediation In the South
African dispute. William Alden Smith of
Michigan expects to offer an amendment
for a Minister to the South African re
public and In this way the friends of the
Boers may be able to bring the question
to a test. Further discussion of the
Philippine question also is inevitable.
BOERS FIRE ON
METHUEN'S TROOPS
SPEARMAN'S CAMP. Feb. B.— The
Boers flred from the hills on several
squadrons of Mcthuen's' mounted In
fantry, who were reconnolterlng. They
continue to set flre to the grass on the
left on Mount Alice In order to destroy
the cover of the British troops and en
able the Boers to see the advance.
Says War Is Unjust.
BUFFALO. Feb. 4.— Balllngton Booth,
eommander-ln-cnlef of the Volunteers of
America, said at a public meeting to-day:
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I A BANK DEPOSIT |
GUARANTEE.!
DR. METERS & CO.'S FAIR OFFER: I
Patients may deposit the price of a H
cure ln any San Francisco bank, to b« B
paid only after they are well, or may {9
pay in monthly Installments. Prices H
reasonable. No other doctors will make Q
fiuch an offer. jy
They Cure the Following Ailments: §
Private Diseases Lost Manhood jy
Kidney Diseases Nervous Debility H
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness H
Liver Diseases Despondency H
Heart Diseases Grneral Debility [\
Spine Diseases Lo*s o ( Memory p]
Stomach Diseases Rlood Poison y
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price. |
HOME C(/rtE9-FJ»CE BOOK.
If you cannot visit San Francisco,
write for frea ¦ private book, ! advice, etc/
Correspondence confidential. fv
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
73/ MARKET ST., 9. F.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
HOURS— DaIIy, 8 to 5. Evenings. 7 to
S. Sundays. 9 to 11. ' .
\
«^.«^.^'»*>'^^^^'»»>«^^^s>4
A visit OR- JORDAN'S great J
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
w 0& issimzT.rsT.trt. easra. s.r.c*i i
\ ¦ tjf The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe \
' m w '°» :cL Wcacnctsex er any contracted M
MjSJ diirate p*»Hl»*lyc«r«< hy the cldeiit T
O IBS 53 I Specialist r.a the Cujul E»l j6 yean O
A J*SFJ OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ f nS9<IS Corisuhation free and itrktly prirMe. \
M I jS>mZ H iimeni personally nt by letter. AS
\¦ 'V H P**Jm Curt in every cat* undertaken. \
MW H llfli W,,, e for Book. PBlLOliiraVd A
r• \l II 1 * ¦AHMIACE, MAILBO FREE, (if
A a (|> v»luibl« bcofc tcr m<-nj i
7 t>R- iOBDAN A CO.. 1061 Market Ht-.S. F. f
Kadway's
flaOJftaV a« as) 0
Puss
Purely vegr«»tab!e, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful recularlty.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
r egularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and all deranrements of the
Internal Vlacera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
by mall. RADWAT & CO.. New Tork I
2honor of California has been maintained
in the selection of a Senator. Senator
Luchsinger remarked that the clergymen
speaking from the pulpit congratulated
worshipers on the happy adjustment of
affairs. Republicans everywhere are grat
ified In the extreme.
Present Indications point to acquiescence
of all Republican members of the Legis
lature in the decision of the caucus. The
special session was called to eliminate the
Senatorial contest from the November
election, and It Is recognized now that the
settlement will add 20,000 votes to the Re
publican column in the Presidential con
test. It happens that many members of
the Legislature who supported Burns are
candidates for public favor. Some of them
want to go to Congress. Others desire
COMPLIMENTARY VOTE
NOT FOR PHELAN
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 4.—
The Democrats will caucus to
morrow night to select a can
didate for the complimentary
vote of their party. The oppo
sition to Mayor Phelan Cf San
Francisco, who was a strong
candidate a week ago, has de
veloped vo such a degree- that
It is not probable that the
empty honor will be allowed
him. The Hon. Stephen M.
White will probably be the
choice of the caucus.
SACBA2CE27TO, Feb. 4.— At a caucus to be held at 1 o'clock to
xnorro-w afternoon Judge Dibble may address the men who sup
ported Colonel Burns and advise them to support the nominee o£
the Republican caucus.
MAKING TROUBLE
FOR McKINLEY
Republican Opposition
to His Policy.
Ecedal Dispatch to Tb« Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.-The Herald's spe
cial correspondent sends the following
from Washington:;-
The shadows of the coming Presidential
campaign are swiftly enveloping the
Administration and Congress and the
henchmen of the various political parties.
The harmony which prevailed eighteen
months ago. has vanished. There are
many signs of discord. Those who have
time and opportunities to observe the ten
dencies of political events can see many
snags ahead for those who are now pilot
ing the ship of state.
Critics or opponents of this or that pol
icy of the Administration are found not
only In the ranks of the opposition party,
which is pretty solidly united, but also in
the ranks of the Republican party.
The stormy petrels in Congress are of
ten untrustworthy political weather
vanes, but they do not wing their wild
flights without producing some effect on
public sentiment. They have been ex
tremely active ever since the beginning of
the session.
The President probably realizes by this
time that the next eight or nine months
of his political life will not be along a
primrose path. For example, he does not
and cannot know how far the pro-Boer
demonstrations may Influence popular
sentiment against him and his Admin
istration. It is demanded that he shall
establish diplomatic relations with the
Transvaal Republic, and some members
of his own party seriously Intend to ini
tiate legislation looking to that end by
means of an amendment to the appropria
tion bill.
It also is seriously demanded that the
President shall attempt to restore peace
between the British and the Boers. This
the President will probably refuse to do.
But certain questions which confront
tho President in relation to domestic poli
cies that he has adopted or recommended
to Congress appear to threaten more se
rious trouble. What are the questions
that threaten party discord now? What
is called expansion by the Republicans
and imperialism by many Democrats, and
the problems relating. to it, are prominent
among them. Leaving wholly out of con
sideration the Atkinsons, Pettigrews,
Masons. Aliens and their followers and
sympathizers, and the so-called anti-lm
periallsts who share the views of Bryan,
there are tens of thousands, perhaps hun
dreds of thousands, of conservative citi
zens who disagree with one or another
feature of the policy of the Administra
tion, as far as it has been disclosed, re
specting the political status and civil
rights of the inhabitants of the newly ac
quired territory and the proper sort of
government or governments to be estab
lished and maintained therein.
TRIO OF HIGHWAYMEN
CAPTURED IN SACRAMENTO
John A. Mills, Their Latest Victim,
Positively Identifies
Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 4.— Through tfce
efforts of Police Officers Maley and Fitz
gerald the three desperate robbers who
have been operating In the city for some
time past are behind prison bars. They
were captured this morning after a des
perate struggle and landed In the City
Prison. They gave their names as R. M.
Gordan. Henry Spellman and A. B. Sppll
man, the latter a discharged soldier.
Shortly after 9 o'clock to-night while
John A. Mills was returning from church
he was confronted by the three men at
Thirteenth and L streets, one of whom
pointed a pistol at his head, with the
usual request to throw up hia hands. An
other of the robbers struck him on the
jaw, knocking hlnf to the ground. They
then hurriedly searched their victim,
taking a gold watch, a small amount of
money and a bunch of keys.
After the highwaymen had disappeared
Mills went to police headquarters and re
ported the robbery to Sergeant Ashe. The
latter at once detailed Officers Maley and
Fitzgerald to round up the crooks.
After considerable difficulty they learned
that after robbing Mills they walked
along Twelfth street to the levee. The
officers followed them along the levee to
Second and I streets, where they discov
ered the men In a saloon. Drawing their
revolvers. Maley and Fitzgerald entered
and, covering the desperate trio, com
manded them to surrender. A. B. Spell
man Immediately reached for his revol
ver, but was prevented from using it by
the officers.
His companions started to attack the
policemen, but were subdued after a short
fight. . They were then taken to police
headquarters and booked on a charge of
robbery* -A short time afterward their
vcitim visited the prison and positively
identified the men. The capture of the
trio is considered one of the most impor
tant made by the police of this city for a
long time. Chief Sullivan is satisfied that
the men are responsible for a number of
hold-ups that have occurred here durine
the winter.
Fatal Sunstrokes in Buenos Ayres.
BUENOS AYRES, Feb. 4.— One hundred
and two sunstrokes were officially report
ed In this city yesterday. Of these, nine
ty-three were fatal. The temperature was
120 in the shade.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A RESTAURANT EPISODE.
A Sort of Straw Vote.
An advertising agent, representing a
prominent New York magazine, while on
a recent Western trip, was dining one
evening In a Pittsburg restaurant.
While waiting for his order he glanced
over his newspaper and noticed the ad-
vertisement of a well-known dyspepsia
preparation, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
As he himself was a regular user of the
tablets he began speculating as to how
many of the other traveling men in tho
dining-room were also friends of the pop-
ular remedy "for indigestion.
He says: "I counted twenty-three men
at the tables and in the hotel office I took
the trouble to Interview them and was
surprised to learn that nine of the twen-
ty-three made a practice of taking one
or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets af-
ter each meal.
"One of them told me he had suffered so
much from stomach trouble that at one
time he had been obliged to quit tho
road, but since using Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets had been entirely free from ln T
digestion, but he continued their use, es-
pecially while traveling, on account of ir-
regularity in meals and because, like all
traveling men, he was often obliged to
eat what he could get and not always
what he wanted.
"Another, who looked the picture of
health, said he never ate a meal without
taking a Stuart Tablet afterward because
he could eat what he pleased and when
he pleased, without fear of a sleepless
night or any other trouble.
Still another used them because he was
subject to gas on stomach, causing pres-
sure on heart and lungs, shortness of
breath and distress In chest, which he no
longer experienced since using the tablets
regularly.
"Another claimed that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets was the only safe remedy
he had ever found for sour stomach and
acidity. He had formerly used common
soda to relieve the trouble, but the tablets
were much better and safer to use."
Afater smoking, drinking or other ex-
cesses which weaken the digestive organs/
nothing restores the stomach to a
healthy, wholesome condition so effec-
tually as Stuart's Tablets.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain the
natural digestives, pepsin, diastase, which
every weak stomach lacks, as well as
nux, hydrastin and yellow partlla, and
can be safely relied upon as a radical
cure for every » form :; of poor digestion.
Sold by druggists everywhere.
A little book on stomach troubles mailed
free by addressing ". F. A. Stuart Co
Marshall. Mich/aaigl ' ,
another term or two In the Legislature,
while not a few want to be recognized in
the distribution of Federal patronage.
They know that the people of the State,
irrespective of party, will not tolerate fur
ther obstruction or delay, hence the sen-
Bible Republicans will fall Into line next
Tuesday.
There Is some threatening talk in cer
tain quarters of the organization of a
combine to delay the election of a United
States Senator and obstruct the legislation
of the special session, but It is the talk
of pinhead politicians, who have no appre
ciation of the strength and temper of the
people or the purposes of the Republican
party.
NO ARBITRARY POWER
FOR GOVERNOR GAGE
He Will Not Be Given the Bight to
Summarily Dismiss State
Appointees.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 4.— Governor
Gage's 6cheme to control the State pa
tronage by means ,of legislation giving
him the power of summarily dismissing
any appointive State official will fall
through. It positively will not be coun
tenanced by the members of either house.
In his message Gage proclaimed that the
object of his pet bill was that as he was
held responsible for the acts of the State
appointees he should have the right to
dismiss any one of them if he was found
wanting or did not attend to his duty.
The Legislature will absolutely refuse
to give Gage any such arbitrary power.
His intentions are so transparent that
they are easily seen through. The mem
bers look upon his action in attempting
to foist such a bill upon them as an as
sault upon the dignity of the Senate and
the Assembly, and propose to show him,
by defeating the measure, that they are
not to be trifled with.
Most of the Governor's appointments
are subject to the approval of the Senate,
and the members feel that their judgment
In such cases should not be attacked by
a Governor who would make himself a
political power by a liberal distribution of
patronage rather than by the dignity with
which he should surround his high office.
When the bill 'comes up for discussion,
It Is not thought that there will be a mem
ber with the hardihood to advocate Its
passage. As to its defeat there is no ques
tion.
President Faunce of Brown graduated
from that university In ISSO.
LAWTON'S FUNERAL
CAR REACHES CHICAGO
Affecting Scene Enacted at - the
Meeting of Sirs. Lawton and
Mrs. John A. Logan.
CHICAGO, Feb. 4.— The funeral train
bearing the bodies of Major General Law
ton, Major John A. Logan and Major E.
L. Armstrong arrived from the Pacinc
Coast at 9 o'clock to-night Awaiting the
train were Mrs. John A. Logan, Major
Logan's mother; Charles E. Wilson, sec
retary of Governor Mountt of Indiana,
representing the State in receiving Gen
eral Lawton's body, and several local
committees.
Mrs. Logan, followed by the escort of
sixteen men from the Seventh Illinois In
fantry, was one of the first to enter the
Bleeping car, in which was the widow of
General Lawton.
Mrs. Lawton was comforting her young
son, Manley, when Mrs. Logan appeared.
There was a moment of silence and sus
pense. Then the two bereaved women,
overcome by emotion, embraced and
mingled their tears. Finally Mrs. Logan
said:
"My dear child, my wo« Is yours: we
have given those whom we loved best to
our country. God is the judge, and before
him we must bow and say, 'Thy will be
done.' "
Mrs. Lawton was unable to speak. She
was violently shaken by her grief and as
the two women wept together their emo
tions proved too strong and they fainted
simultaneously. Captain King and his or
derly resuscitated them. Then entered
Mrs. Samuel Culbertson of Louisville,
Mrs. Lawton's sister, and her husband
and Miss Fanny Craig, another sister,
also of ' Louisville.
The body of General Lawton was left In
the composite car. which, with the Pull
man bearing the accompanying party, was
turned over to the Pennsylvania road to
be taken to Fort Wayne, where the re
mains will He In state to-morrow.
The body of Major Logan was taken
from the train by an escort of friends to
Memorial Hall In the Public Library
building.
General Fltzslmmons had detailed the
men from the Seventh Regiment, under
Sergeant Major Charles T. Alford, as a
guard of honor.
At Memorial Ha.> the coffin was placed
on a bier and decorated with flowers and
flags. There It w«. remain until to-mor
row night, when it will be taken to
Youngstown, 0., for burial.
?
PUBLIC OPINION WON.
Caused Empress Dowager of China to
Change Her Plans.
LONDON, Feb. s.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: "The
changed attitude of the Empress Dowager
and her virtual abandonment of her reso
lution to depose the Emperor are directly
due to the torrent of public remonstrance
against her action. For the first tfme In
Chinese history public opinion has been
effective." I
WILLIAM LOVELL DEAD.
Well Known Turfman Who Owned
Many Famous Horses.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— William Lovell, a
well-known turfman, died to-day at his
residence in this city. He made a for
tune in Australian mines and later, upon
the discovery of gold In California, went
there and engaged again in min
ing, at one time being associated
with James G. Fair. Subsequent
ly he went Into the business of
breeding and raising horses. Among the
famous speeders he has owned were Jack
Lovell, Marie Ltllo and American Girl,
who at one time was the fastest horse in
the world. Some twenty years ago he
lost a wager of $75,000 to Pierre Lorlllard,
which is said to have been the biggest
single bet ever made in racing circles.
Mr. Lovell was connected with several
trotting associations. He kept breeding
farms at Branchport. N. . J. In 1565 he
married Miss Josephine A. Wells, daugh
ter of Amos G. Wells, of Wells, Fargo &
Co.
CARNEGIE'S PROBABLE
GIFT TO DEMOCRACY
Beady to Spend a Million Dollars to
Defeat Imperialism at tho
Polls.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— The Press has th»
following from Washington: Andrew
Carnegie has Informed Democratic Sen
ators that if anti-imperialism is treat
ed as a leading Issue he will make a
larger contribution to the Democratic
campaign fund than he ever did to the
Republican National Committee. By com
mon report, Mr. Carnegie was the largest
Individual contributor In several Presi
dential campaigns. The Democratic man
agers expect to get from him not less
than 51.000.000. According to one Senator,
Mr Carnegie made to him the statement
that he had offered to pay the J20.C00.000
which the United States gave to Spain if
the Government would abandon the Phil
ippines.
EpecUl Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 4.— lt would require
an unusually observant critic to
filscover to-night that an extra ses
sion of the Legislature is In prog
ress, and that a question which has agi
tated the State for many months 1? un
der discussion. The haunts of the politi
cians are deserted. Conferences and ses
sions of every kind are suspended. A few
F trailing members of the Legislature are
idling in the lobby of the Golden Eas£
but they ar« doing nothing and not tam
ing much. On every hand is th« an
nounced assurance that the Senatorial
contest has be«n fought and won. The
victor has been proclaimed, and all that
remains is the arrangements that *m
give fonnaUty and legality to his elec
tlon.
The excitement of contending factions
and the mystery of their movements are
over The Burns headquarters is nice
a deserted churchyard. Burns returned to
Sacramento to-night, but not as a Sena
torial candidate. He has no followers, no
claquers. co rout of shouting supporters.
He is here simply as a spectator of the
Kaine. and is playing absolutely no other
part.
Amorg the men who were ready to vote
for him are many who want to see the
affair over now as quickly as the law will
permit. They recognize as clearly as the
men who vanquished them that Bard
was regularly chosen In a legal Repub
lican caucus and that on Tuesday he is
entitled to their votes. Whatever fac
tional debts they may have had they have
paid and they have the satisfaction at
least of knowing that the man who has
been chosen is representative of the best
principles of the Republican party; that
he possesses the moral and mental quali
fications to give dignity to the office to
which his party has elected him and that
without further delay he should receive
his due.
Among a few of the men who followed
Burns in his merciless and selfish de
mands upon them there is an Inclination
still to hold out In a hope that 6ome con
cessions of political or patronage value
may be held out to them. But even their
own wishes Inspire no hope, for they
know that the record of Bard Is his
pledge, that he will go to "Washington un
trammeied, unbound and absolutely free
to act upon all matters that come under
his consideration In an ofllcial capacity.
The rn-n who are seeking to barter,
even to the very last, are In a email mi
nority, however, and there Is everything
to Indicate that they will fall Into line
with those who have manhood enough
and sufficient party principle and respect
to bow to the will of the majority and
offer no obstruction to the consummation
of a victory that was well won. The men
who voted for Burns until his withdrawal
from the contest released them from their
obligations will meet to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock to discuss their plan of
action and determine upon a policy. To
night there are few of them who care to
ostracize u-emselves deliberately from
the great political party with which all
their hopes of a future political career
are Identified. There Is every reason to
believe, therefore, that an obstruction to
Bard'a formal election, which can have
no conclusion except to. lnjure politically
those that make It, will not materialize.
The fight has been fought and won.
Members of the Legislature returning to
the capital this evening from their respec
tive homes report that their constituents
are gratified beyond measure over the
choice of the Republican caucus for
United States Senator. It affords the peo
ple of all shades of political opinion spe
cial delight to know that the long and
bitter struggle is at an end. and that the
believing the British renunciation was
made as a result of the assurance given
by the State Department that the desired
free port, facilities would at some future
time be granted by this Government.
Western Senators may be counted upon
as strong antagonists of the proposition.
on the ground that, while sovereignty la
not surrendered, the State Department's
suggestion is a mere quibble and will have
the effect, so much feared on the Pachio
Coast, of injuring the trade of the west
ern country with Alaska and that part oC
Canada accessible through Lynn canal. .
EMBASSADOBS MEET.
Conference Between Representatives
of America and England.
LONDON. Feb. 4.— United States Em
bassador Choate conferred - with Lord
Salisbury at the Foreign Offlca last
Wednesday. Thursday and Frtday. It la
believed that the Clayton-Bulwer treatr
was talked over, and it Is also believed
that if Great Britain would consent to
yield her position toward the Nicaragua
canal, this Is an opportune moment to
ask something in return.
What that something may be Is con
jecture purely, as neither the British For
eign Office nor the United States Embassy
has any communication to make In regard
to the subjects pending and not yet com
pleted.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.—
Official admission has at last been made
that negotiations have been in progress
between the United States and Great
Britain looking to the abrogation of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty. The following
statement, made to-night by an official in
a position to know the facts, may be ac
cepted as authoritative:
"Lord Pauncefote and Secretary Hay
have for some time been conducting ne
gotiations relative to the abrogation of
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty and the au
thorities look for a favorable and early
termination."
This explains the activity of Congress
In connection with the consideration of
the construction of the Nlcaraguan canal
by the United States. It will be recalled
that The Call some time ago announced
that a member of the foreign relations
committee stated that this Government
had received information that Great Brit
ain would not oppose its construction and
control of the canal; but so fearful were
the authorities that publication of any
information at that time might be preju
dicial to the negotiations that they de
nied even that the matter had been dia
cussed by the two Governments. This
reticence has been retained until to-day,
when it was thought that negotiations
had proceeded to such a point that there
was no danger of failure and the state
ment referred to above was made.
Beyond the mere statement that nego
tlons are in progress and will early be
terminated, the authorities are not willing
to go, but there Is reason to believe that
in the discussion which has occurred the
British Government has not neglected to
bring up the question of the Alaskan
boundary controversy, and It would not
be surprising if the United States, In ex
change for the abrogation of the Clay
ton-Bulwer convention, had not agreed
to ma&e some concession in this matter.
CONCESSIONS IN ALASKA.
Western Senators Hay Oppose the
Treaty Arrangement.
NETV YORK, Feb. 4.— The Journal has
the following from Washington: The an
nouncement that Great Britain has re
nounced the rights she has alleged as hers
under the Clayton-Bulwer treaty aroused
much Interest in official circles. Here It
Is understood that Great Britain, wnile
renouncing the right claimed under the
defunct treaty, has done co with the un
derstanding that she be given free port
facilities on the American coast line «n
Alaska. There Is the best of reason for
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY
SOON TO BE ABROGATED
Great Britain Will Remove the Last
Obstacle to the Construction of the
Nicaragua Canal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GOVERNOR ROUSES
LEGISLATORS' IRE
Presumptuous Dictation
Angrily Resented.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 4.— lf this extraordinary
session of the California Legislature Is
prolonged beyond a reasonable and eco
nomical period the responsibility will lie
with Governor Gage. Assemblyman H.
C. Dibble, the Governor's mouthpiece on
the floor of the Assembly, has announced
that the Governor will veto the bills ap
propriating money for contingent and
other expenses unless the figures pro
posed by him through Assemblyman Val
entine are accepted.
In other words, the Governor presumes
to dictate to the Legislature Just the
amount it shall spend and the date upon
which It shall adjourn. When the appro
priation bllla were set before him yester
day he made Dibble's threat good by re
fusing to sign them. Instead he took the
afternoon train and went to San Francis
co.
The Legislature is not ready to stand
for the Governor's dictation. It is known
now that instead of vetoing the appro
priation bills outright he intends to let
them He upon his desk for ten days and
let them go without his signature.
There is to-night not one member of
either house who is not informed of this
Intention, and there are few who have not
resolved to hold the session over the ten
days for the sole purpose of overriding
his veto.
With the members of the Legislature
Gage stands discredited. From the con
vening of the first session he has attempt
ed by one means and another to control
and direct legislation to his own ends and
to those of his masters.
The Legislature is heartily sick of the
whole business, and now that he has at
tempted to go to. the extent of cutting oft
their pay and reimbursement for their
actual expense they are determined to
call a halt.
To-night they are ready to wait thirty
days if it is necessary to undo the Gov
ernor's veto and wrest from him what is
rightly their due and which he guaran
teed them when he called an extra ses
sion. It may prolong the session, but if
Gage desires it his will will be done.
BORNEANS AMBUSH
A BRITISH FORCE
Incidents of the Recent
Rebellion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Fab. 4.— Mall advices from
Hongkong contain news of the late revolt
In British North Borneo. Natives along
the whole west coast arose In arms
against the chartered British Company
operating there. They were led by the
notorious outlaw Mat Sellah, who led the
rebellion against the British there several
years ago. That rebellion was ended by
the managing director of the company
going to Labuan and paying Sellah a
large sum to disperse his followers and be
good. His money having been spent, Sel
leh organized the recent rebellion on a
greater scale than ever.
An expedition comprising 230 sikhs or
native soldiers and' bluejackets left
Lebuan last month. Several miles out
they were stacked by rebels from ambush
and a number were killed. The British
force then fell back to await reinforce
ments.
Evidently these reinforcements were re
ceived, and the advance renewed, as cable
advices have announced the success of
the expedition. Several hundred of the
rebels were killed or wounded.
Six rich residents have arrived at Hong
kong from Borneo to remain until the war
13 over. At Gaya Bay Sellah's men raided
the Chinese shops, carrying off much
booty. Two Government messengers are
missing, and are believed to have been
murdered. The gunboat Rattler went from
I^abuan to Gaya to be near the scene of
warfare.
To make maters worse, the Tambanan
and Tesallia3 tribes In the Interior are
fighting against each other, with a cer
tainty that the victorious tribo will aug
ment the rebel forces.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1900.
SENTIMENT OF THE
PEOPLE AGAINST
ANY OBSTRUCTION
Decision of the Caucus Will Be
Ratified by All Republican
Legislators To-Morrow.
Fearing Ostracism From the Party the Few
Obstinate Ones Will Bow to the Will
of the Majority.
I^HYE^ERco^ Order lonelily
I v\ z& ij You may think you do not need a suit or overcoat now.
I II Whether supplied or not should you let this opportunity pass ?
I M§) I II These $i 3. Jo suits and overcoats made to order are $17. Jo
I/ 1 ill \\ !! ' iI! I II anc * $ 20 - 00 values.
H| 1 I I) 1 I W e can give these values when selling because we re-
|| || I! I II I I ceived great values when buying — bought largely and before
111 Hi 1' 1 1 1i l[ trac * e P r ' ces on c ' ot^ went U P*
111 llfcflj ''I II [If ur f° res ight i s y° ur saving.
IrPIl Ii I 0)1 you were as conv ' nce d °f the values in these suits and
I |reJssj|i Ij jiji I overcoats as we are you would give your order at onee —
II j! |j|M I jj \ you would not wait a minute.
flOj I Made to order [MC^n||
I Ifjffl 111 I *P I -^ *^m W I^7
Sack suits Overcoats ]||wl|i
Single-breasted, plain lapels. Box overcoats, fashionably tailored, R lj| || I U|j jlkt|j >
*\i v a , • , , fits like the high-priced overcoats. Good gW f f I i 1
Double-breasted, plain lapels. selections of light-colored cloth. fefs |jj| 111|1»1 1 1|1»
«s±Bsa&"» ¦* slyl ,KK,,r?s jc a pi Mi
Double-breasted, silk facing on the upper picture. » Mill " ijBSBBC 1
lapels. . \ 'jj l||i|S |i' I
n > Samples given UOwJ II
WU LCI VV CtJ Samples of these suits and overcoats jfjj ! M 1 f 1
- r . ? . r-. will be freely given to any one upon U'l' : v v/l 1 f 1
Cutaway frock, well tailored, fit re quest R ' ! ; ?V < ! I 1
assured,, good selection of -.dressy cloths — . l nj)| JTO I J
to choose from. State for* what suit or overcoat you ump lid •iii W ' I
— c , . ... A At _ . wish samples as the different garments H-l! | wJa I J
The Strand ,s similar to the cut- are made from ¦ different cloths. -v" 11 II J \
away frock, but is shorter and has |; ; I J ! 1
outside pockets. Makes a dressy If out of town write for illustrated I j j J|jJ \\
business suit ' t catalogue No. 2, containing samples. : Ij| ! | I
7iB Market St. and Cor. Powell and Eddy. rr * mtmßam X^'
t&%^r<^* _jji ~*^^^^ th^ excel* PS
B^s^ki ment we are p r ° ij d n
jl c%3 rja 50 cups — 30 cts. En
IfoßgJy^l AEK TOUR GROCER. H
ri^esgSfea-* D. GHIRARDELLI GO. m
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS,
SAVE GOLD— Krcth M?c Co.. » Stevenson
tt. Amalgamator*. Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOOUE IMPROVED ro'.d Boparator and ro-
tary amalgamator now on exhibition. t3 Ete-
venaon et.
BEACH GOLD CONCE VTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No qulck-
tllver. Hand or power. In opera-tlon U Spear.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER tc HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers:
lowest prict-s on the coast. Pipe A.Davis sta.
HENEHAW. BUCKLEY* CO.. Pump*. Steam and
CaaoU&e Ecfiaee. Bcllera. 2S an! 2S Fremont,
3It is suggested in the interest of consistency that
the Congressional committee now investigating po
lypramy direct its attention to the lately acquired Sul
tan of Sulu.
The leaven of continued victory is having its effect
on the Cape Dutch. They are rising against the Brit
i*K Eg
A cablegram from Havre is to the effect that the
Turkish Minister to this country and his wife have
sailed for New York. The 1 cablegram fails to state
how many staterooms are occupied by the "wife."
Joseph Britton, Henry N. Clement and Stewart
Menzies, all charter framers and once stanch friends
of the little toy Mayor, have declared that they are
through with him. But he has Esola.
From all accounts General Warren gained nothing
by the capture of Spion Kop, the so-called key to
the Boer position.". He seems to be utterly unable to
locate the keyhole.
If local merchants continue their pressing demands
for money from the city new San Francisco may
startle her well-wishers by taking the benefit of the
insolvency act.
What the British seem to need down in South
Africa is a thoroughly Phelanized, police commis
sion. They would have no trouble then in reducing
the kops. .; "¦ ?»• ', . ' ;
... ¦¦¦;¦*¦ ¦" ' ' ¦ ""<.¦"
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Emuision
Cures Coughs and Golds
cures them quicker and
better than any cough mix-
ture ever made. It docs
more. It enriches the
blood, strengthens mind and
body, gives vigor and vital-
ity. Cough mixtures won't
do this, nor will they cure
I deep-seated, stubborn coughs.
Scott's Emulsion
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advunta<r«
of the round-trip tickets. Now only ISO by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho-
tel; longer stay. tZ 00 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
A DAILY HINT PROM PARIS.
HATS FOR TRAVELING.
The hats represented are useful for tray.
ellng. The upper one is of soft brierht
drab felt, bound with black velvet.
trimmed with drab taffetas, a dead jro!d
buckle and black and drab feathers. The
other is of black felt with stiff brim and
soft crown; garter of beige taffetas draped
and owl on left side in front.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Augustine Normand claims that he in
vented in the early eighties the device
lately tried with success In our navy for
coaling at sea. Experiments were made
with the contrivance In the French navy,
but were evidently not satisfactory to the
officials.
The new French submarine boat, Gou
bet No. 2, Is said to have given very
satisfactory results In her preliminary
trials. She remained over two hours un
der water at a depth of sixteen feet, and
her speed was six knots, exceeding antici
pations by one knot.
Pigeon mall service has recently been
tried on French transatlantic liners with
success, and the, steamship companies
have been requested by M. de Lauresaan
for particulars, with a view of adopting
pigeon service in the French navy. Of
experiments on thirty-two voyages only
one proved a failure.
Two Iron-dads, Prince Albert anff Shaa-
The great difficulty In getting changes
mude in a theater Is the tear of the owner
that the alteration may affect the acous-
tic properties unfavorably.
"Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by minions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures -Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and Is th« beat remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent-
The California Limited, Santa F» Rout*.
Connecting trains leave at 6 p. m. Monday,
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train ' and best track of any lino to
the East. Ticket office. 623 Market street.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany tbes« excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office, CS Market street.
A movement Is on in Minnesota to have
the University Regents and the State Su-
perintendent of Public Instruction elected
by the people^
Wedding Invitations, visiting: cards, fine
writing papers, tablets and papeterles at
reasonable prices In our stationery de-
partment. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street. •
Cal. glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend'a.*
er«--ial Inform* r.sn supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
NEGRO DISFRANCHISEMENT.
THE country has listened, with a degree of in
difference, to the speeches of Senators Morgan
and Money in vindication of the disfranchise-
I ment of negroes in the Southern States, to be-ef
! fected by constitutional amendments. Senator Chand-
I ler offered a bit of perfunctory opposition, as did
i Senator Pritchard of North Carolina, but no one
I suggested that Federal authority, under the fifteenth
! amendment, could be invoked to save the imperiled
¦ citizenship of the negroes. In at least three Southern
I States the black vote is in a majority, but it is never
I made effective at the polls, and the white minority
I dominates, undisturbed and without protest. In
I many other States the negro holds the balance of
! power between two almost equal parties composed
j of whites, but its balance is never thrown in the scale,
j for neither white party dare accept its affiliation and
I take office and power at its hands. The South has
I grown tired and perhaps ashamed of lawless suppres
! sion of the negro vote, and seeks to make the same
! act lawful by cunningly devised constitutional disa
; bilities. As a mass the negroes are indifferent to the
; franchise. When one of them, equipped with iritel
• ligence, essays leadership of the rest and seeks to
i rouse in them a sense of the value of the ballot to
\ them, and the necessity for maintaining their right to
; it, he is marked as an agitator and his position at
j once becomes one of personal peril.
When impeached for the nullification of a con
: stitutional right belonging to the negroes, the whites
j rcrpond with an argument to prove that the stronger
I race must rule, regardless of numbers, and that negro
j government of whites means anarchy.
The country has seen the reconstruction acts fall
i one after another. The civil rights law, the force bill,
i the election law — all are gone. No statute intended
I to accentuate the results of the Civil War remains,
i All have been swept away in the slow reaction that
¦ has followed the mighty exertion of energy in which
'¦ they had birth. Every impression made by that ex
ertion has faded except two, and these are in the con-
I stitution itself. One is the amendment abolishing
j slavery and the other that which gave the franchise
Ito the negro. The latter is being obsolcted by State
i nullification, and is to-day as powerless and ineffec
| tive as a by-law of Solon. Accepting this situation,
'< it is well to look into the future. What will be the
: effect upon parties? Will a new alignment come
j when the South is delivered from fear of negro dom
¦ ination? The Democratic leaders who are respon
1 sible for this nullification of the Federal constitution
j look to it as a useful party measure. Its first effect
I will be the surrender of such part of the Southern
; representation in Congress as is based upon the sup
| pressed negro vote. The fourteenth amendment to
I the Federal constitution says: "Representatives
I shall be apportioned among the several States ac
cording to their respective numbers,. counting • the
whole number of persons in each State, excluding
Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote at
any election for the choice of electors for President
I and Vice President, representatives in Congress, the
j executive and judicial officers of a State, oc the
\ members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any
lof the male inhabitants thereof, or in any -way
¦abridged except for participation in rebellion or
other crime, the basis of representation therein shall
be reduced in the proportion which the number of
such male citizens shall bear to the whole number
of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such
State." . '
It is estimated that enforcement of this provision
will reduce the Southern representation in the House
by about* one-third. The justice of such reduction
cannot be successfully denied. The white people of
ON AN EVEN KEEL
THE volume of trade throughout the United
States, as exhibited by the bank clearings, fell
off 25.1 per cent last week, as compared with
the corresponding week in 1899. As in the preceding
week, the largest cities in the country showed the
greatest loss, New York falling behind 33.1 per cent,
Chicago 4.2 per cent, Boston 29.7 per cent, Baltimore
22.3 per cent, and so on. San Francisco showed a
gain of 7.9 per cent.
But it must not be inferred from this exhibit that
trade has become dull. Far from it. The movement
of merchandise is large all over the land, the decrease
being merely comparative. It must not be forgotten
that iSyg was a phenomenal year. The panic of 1893
left cfTects which lasted a long time, and it was only
a year or so ago that times began to show marked
improvement. Then everybody began to buy goods.
During the years of depression stocks of everything
had become depleted and it required a year of steady
purchasing to replenish them. The buying was fever
ish. Nothing like it had ever been seen before. Un
der the abnormal demand "prices rose continuously,
but this apparently made no difference. Everybody
went on buying just the same. Not until the close
of the year did the wonderful demand slacken. It had
continued long after it was supposed to be satisfied,
and commercial authorities were beginning to wonder
if it ever would cease.
But as far as figures are any indication, this rush to
buy has ceased. Stocks of everything have been re
plenished everywhere. This does not necessarily
mean that a period of dullness will ensue, but it does
mean that the rush is over. The winter trade has been
quiet, owing, according to some theorists, to excep
tionally mild weather; but the demand for spring
goods has been, and is to-day, brisk. Money has be
come much easier in all positions, both here and
abroad; all fears of financial stringency have vanished,
and the country is now on a normal basis again, sub
ject to the orderly law of supply and demand. Spec
ulation is cautious, for the memory of the great panic
of 1893 is still fresh in the public mind, and nobody
desires a repetition of it. With moderation there is
no reason why trade should not continue active ani
healthy for some years, though the unprecedented
rush of 1899 may not be repeated in this generation.
Perhaps it will be as well if it is not, for booms hatch
panics.
According to the commercial reports, business last
week was featureless.* There was neither excitement
nor depression in any line. Aside from the decrease
of 25 per cent in the bank clearings, there was no un
favorable sign. The failures were only 171, against
207 for the same week in 1899. The restoration of
normal monetary conditions in Wall street encour
aged the public to again operate in that mart, and
fresh money accordingly appeared. It is gratifying
to note that this fresh money was after permanent in
vestments rather than quick turns, and sought divi
dends rather than momentary profits. Hence there
was more or less activitiy in bonds and gilt-edged
dividend-paying securities. As long as this disposi
tion endures there will be no disturbance in the coun
try's speculative center.
This, in brief, is the record of last week in trade.
Its very lack of color makes it interesting, as show
ing a corresponding lack of that fever which has char
acterized business for over a year. If the pendulum
does not swing to the other extreme we shall ha\e
a Dutch year, the expression being synonymous with
tranquil prosperity.
THE WARNINGS TO PHELAN.
WE have reached the day announced by Mayor
Phelan as the date that would see Commis
sioner Biggy removed from office, and the
Police Commission prepared to carry out the agree
ment made before the election to turn the police force
over to Esola as Chief, to be used for the purposes of
A. M. Lawrence and others of his class. If the Mayor
have any self respect left he will abandon the inten
tion he so indiscreetly announced. The swallowing
of his words may be a bitter medicine, but it will be
better to take it than to commit political suicide in a
moment of insanity.
In the first place it is now evident it will not be
easy to carry out the programme. To fix the board
to suit the gamblers it will be necessary not only to
remove Biggy but to accept the resignation of
Thomas. Then the Mayor will have to find two citi
zens willing to accept commissionerships under an
express and open agreement to elect Esola and to
obey the blacklegs who wish to run a wide-open town.
The men who accept office under such terms will have
to be shameless indeed, for they will have to confront
everything in the form of private scorn and public
contempt. i
Those facts are in themselves sufficient to make the
Mayor pause, but they are not the only matters per
tinent to the issue that give him reason to lie awake
at nights and ponder upon the advisability of reced
ing while there is yet an opportunity to do so. The
removal of Biggy will result in an appeal to the
courts, and Phelan and Lawrence know very well
what will happen then. It will be an occasion when,
as Portia said: "We shall have old swearing." Esola
will not be the only man of the gang who upon the
witness stand will find it convenient to have a very
short memory- There will be others, but in spite of
their failure to remember, there will be no lack of
evidence to establish the truth concerning that ne
farious bargain, which, after denying for a time, the
Examiner has since admitted by charging that Com
missioner Biggy has broken a pledge made to the
Mayor when he refused to vote for Esola.
Moreover, the Mayor has had warnings. They
have been uttered in public by men like Stewart Men
zies, Joseph Britton and Morris M. Estee; and in
private by a host of others who supported him before
they knew of his disreputable associations and dis
honorable bargains with blackmailers and other pre
datory creatures. Even some of the most strenuous
campaigners like James H. Barry have revolted from
him since the disclosures have been made, and on
Saturday the Star, which has always upheld him in
the past, denounced him and his scheme in terms that
cannot be misunderstood.
Finally, Mayor Phelan may find it profitable to
study the moral contained in the defeat of Burns at
Sacramento. The spirit that animated the stanch
Republicans and roused the storm of indignation that
drove Burns, Herrin and all the bosses and touts of
the railroad and the tenderloin from the Senatorial
contest, is not confined to Republicans, nor is its
force felt only in districts outside the city. It is a
spirit which now inspires the intelligence of Califor
nia generally and is found among worthy Democrats
as well as among Republicans. It is a spirit of revolt
against bosses, against corruption, against all forms
of dishonesty in politics. It has crushed at Sacra
mento the vast and long established machinery of the
Southern Pacific Railroad, and can easily crush the
petty combination of rascals that the Mayor seeks to
serve. If, therefore, he be wise or even have ordi
nary prudence, he will not attempt to remove Com
missioner Biggy, but out of his private fortune will
pay Lawrence what he owes him and let the rest of
the gang howl as they may.
Great Britain leads, with nearly one
thrid of the total tonnage, and the United
States stands sixth, while Italy is lowest
on the list.
The subject of superimposed turrets,
adopted in the battleships Kearsarge and
Kentucky, is discussed at great length
and with thoroughness by the London En
gineer. After considering the advantages
and drawbacks that paper expresses lta
adverse opinion as follows: "On the
whole, then, while we are bound to ad
mit that the saving In weight and the re
duction of machinery Is advantageous,
we do not see that sufficient Is gained to
balance the many disadvantages of hav
ing all the eggs in one basket and all the
weapons In one hand." The Kearsarge
and Kentucky were contracted for in
January. 189$, and sufficient time haa
elapsed for other navies to adopt the sys
tem. That It has not been adopted wouM
indicate that foreign naval experts enter
tain doubts as to It 3 practical utility, and
that actual tests alone will demonstrate
It. The ships have not gone through such
trials and the opposition of some of the
Bureau Chiefs to double turrets In the
three battleships now being designed Is
not unreasonable.
LOOMING FEATURES IN
TROUBLED OIL FIELDS
"Scrippers" Are Carefully Planning a Test Case
Against Mineral Claimants.
IN a long-range view of the California
petroleum industry, in which the
multiplying new derricks of various
oil fields providing most of the cur
rent oil news are lost to view, several
Important features stand out to attract
attention.
One is that the Kern River district In
Kern County, while still in the boom
stage, has demonstrated that it will be
one of the Important oil fields of the
State. While no wells have reached
great depths several are producing In
considerable quantities and their distri
bution shows that productive strata
underlie a district of several square mile*.
An oil district is an oil district when Its
land is being grabbed by rushers and
parted among suckers though no oil has
been really found. The point about the
Kern River district Is that it has become
a legitimate oil field through actual dis
covery and production and Is regarded
as a promising one by conservative oil
experts. Not much oil has been shipped,
but the supply still underground na.i
been largely contracted for in advance,
partly by the Santa Fe company, which
will useoi! for engine fuel on the Valley
road exclusively.
It remains to be seen how much wider
the oroductlve area will expand and
how extensive and lasting will be the
yield. Prospecting wells will determine
the limits of the field and much deeper
ones will show what there is and how
much of it in the deeper strata below.
It is quite possible that this new Held
will add largely to the output of 1000.
There Is, of course, the same possibility
with other new districts now being ex
ploited.
For forty years Contra Costa County
has lured attention to its many oil indi
cations, consisting of seepages and out
cropplngs of bituminous sandstone strata,
and several unprofitable wells have been
put down in the region of Mount Diablo.
The new oil boom with Its more vigor
ous and more thorough search for oil Is
likely soon to determine about what
Contra Costa County amounts to as an
oil field. '
Prospecting operations of varying im
portance atid promise have been begun
near Orlnda Park and in the neighbor
hood of Pleasanton and Mount Diablo,
but the operations that will attract most
attention are new ones Ju3t planned by
some high officials of the Santa te Rail
road. A company which includes Cmei
Engineer Storey, Traffic Manager \V . A.
Blssell. Alexander Mackie. secretary of
the Valley road, anu A. B. Butler has
acquired options on tracts of several
thousand acres in the San Pablo range
of hills overlooking the town of San
Pablo and the bay. Part of the land Is
owned by J. S. Hlttell. the historian.
The bonds contain stringent requirements
for prospecting operations and material
for a derrick was ordered to the ground
last week. It is well understood that the
ground will be prospected thoroughly at
a cost of thousands of dollars under ex
pert direction, and the standing of the
men behind the operations, who are not
lending themselves to f. stock deal, and
who have acquired faith that good oil
can come out of the bay region, will in
spire hope that pipe lines will yet bloom
a Those who 'have known of this quiet
deal have supposed that the Santa Fe
Company was looking for oil there near
Its bay terminus, but Mr. Storey states
that it is entirely a private venture on the
part of those making it. For a long dis
tance through the region covered there
are outcroppings of an irregular Band
stone stratumf highly tilted, yielding
slight oil seepages, and In places masses
of solidified bitumen. Prospect wells will
rapidly develop the depth and contents of
the uandstone. Should an oil supply be
developed the Santa Fe would of course
be the consumer. 'l^i'" ?,
Before long the Santa Fe Company will
be practically through with burning coal
In California. Oil is its fuel on all its
Southern California lines, and five engines
north of Tehachapl have been within a
few days equipped for oil burning. As
stated, it will use oil exclusively all the
way to San Francisco, getting what oil
it can from the San Joaquin Valley and
the rest from Southern California. Chief
Engineer Storey tested the light oil of the
Coallnga field on the Valley road some
time ago and thinks that its very excel
lence makes It unsafe for locomotive use,
as it is too volatile.
The huge legal tangle over the rights of
mineral and agricultural claimants ta
public petroleum lands, especially In tht
Ban Joaquin Valley, steadily develops
the long and lurid struggle with which It
Is pregnant. The California Miners' As
sociation is committed to the petroleum
miners' cause, and the combined forces
are ready for a move on Washington,
while all sortß of courts are busy out
here. In accordance with the preceding
action of the executive committee, John
M. Wright, chairman of the mineral lands
committee of the California Miners' As
sociation, last week sent the followng to
the secretary of the Petroleum Miners'
Co-operative Association, Fresno. Cal.:
Dear Sir: As chairman of the Mineral Lands
Committee of California Miners' Association
I am directed to advise you that at a meeting
of the executive committee of. said Miners'
Association held in this city on the 26th day
of January of the present year said Mineral
Lands Committee was Instructed on behalf of
the California Miners' Association to prepare
and urge for passage by the Congress of the
United States an act amending the mining
laws of the United States so as to give to lo
cators of petroleum lands privileges analogous
to the rights enjoyed by locators of tunnels and
tunnel sites under the provisions of section
2323 of the Revised Statutes of the United
The 'proposed amendment will protect the oil
locator while drilling for oil with reasonable
diligence within the limits of his claim during
a prescribed period after the staking and mark
ing thereof, so that discovery during such
period shall relate back and take effect nunc
pro tune as of the time of such staking and
marking of the claim.
I shall be pleased to receive suggestions from
your association as to the proper wording of
the proposed amending statute. And In this
connection I may suggest that it should be
brief in terms and that It will probably be best
to have it i>a6sed as an amendment to said sec
tion 2323 of the Revised Statutes, or as an
amendment to the statute approved by the
President on February 11. 1897, defining petro
leum lands as mineral lands.
It is my further duty to Inform you that said
executive committee at its said meeting pledged
to your association the support and co-opera
tion of the California Miners' Association In
the matter of the pending contest between the
locators of petroleum lands and the so-called
"forest reserve Bcrlppers." It Is to be hoped
that there may be hearty co-operation between
the two associations In the aforesaid matters.
Uncle Sam has divided his empire among
three children— the farmer, the miner and
Collls P. Huntington. To the miner he set
apart all that the two others couldn't get
away from him, saying that his portion
should be that "more valuable for mining
than for agriculture.' He meant it for
the miner's good and blessed him. Since
then the railroads have been able to take
about anything they wanted within their
enormous land grant limits, and when the
miner protested In behalf of his heritage
that it was mineral land the railroad arid
the other land-grabbers said, "You can't
prove It." And the Commissioner of the
General Land Office and the Secretary of
the Interior and all the learned Judges
have said: "No: he can't prove It." They
have said: "There may surely be miner
als there, as you say, but have you really
discovered them In a particular place, and
if bo, have you actually worked a profit
able mine there? If not. it is agricultural
land, though a horned toad would die
thereon." : The miner has been required
to prove a negative, has b*»«n denied the
benefit of all "presumptions" and has been
made to show that a profitable mine could
be opened. on the land at issue, while the
agricultural claimant is * not required to
show that a hill of blue, beans could be
raised thereon.
Tha "two terras "discovery** and •Vafti
j»bl« quantities" are at th« bottom of moat
of the miner's legal troubles in claiming
public land, and they are at the bottom
of the oil miners' present troubles.
There are two views of the trouble— tne
legal view and the other one. In the
legal view the miner has no rights with
a contested mineral location unless that
"discovery" has been made and in /valu
able quantities." That is why the oil
miners in the San Joaquin Valley who
have located many thousands of acres
have the worst of the fight with the
scrippers. The oil is not on the surface in
valuable quantities, and when he starts
a hole where he may know oil will be
struck, another man may come along be
fore his drill has reached oil. locate it as
agricultural land, stop the miner and get
it, regardless of its value for agricul
ture.
Circuit Judge Ross of Los Angeles has
recently been putting these established
doctrines Into force, and now Land Com
missioner Hermann has Just Interposed
them again in behalf of the agricultural
scripper. - :---•-.: ---•-.
A decision by him. dated January 22.
1900. addressed to the Register and Re
ceiver of the Los Angeles Land Office, has
lust been received, which decides that no
hearings against the scrippers' titles will
be ordered by the General Land Office at
the instance of the mineral claimants,
unless the protests filed against the scrip
entry show that the land in question Is
actually producing oil in valuable quanti
ties. Tne following extract from the com
mission's decision shows how little
grounds for hope the placer mining lo
cators have from that source: ; .-:
On December 12. 1599. James W. McDonald.
Los Angeles, Cal., filed in this office a protest
and petition for a hearing. The protest alleges
the location of the La Malllla mining claim In
conflict with the above selection. The affiants
claim to have thoroughly prospected the land,
and find that It is mineral land containing great
deposits of petroleum: "that a vein of pe
troleum running all through the said land Is
most clearly and unequivocally defined. There
Is so much petroleum therein contained that
the same has forced its way to the surface.
and the superficial earth is so completely sat
urated with petroleum that It burns when a
light Is applied to It. In several parts whers
there are declivities the oil In a liquid state
exudes from the sides of the banks."
The protest does not. even with the showing
made, present sufficient reasons to warrant
this office In allowing an order for a hearing.
The date of the mineral location is not shown,
but there Is lacking the essential consideration
In all this class of cases — specific evidence of
the development of the land for its mineral
product and the production therefrom in quan
tities and qualities sufficient to indicate that
the land is more valuable for mineral than for
BKricultural purposes. In the absence of this
showing a hearing should not bo ordered.
By the way, who and what are those
"ecrlppers" who are -making so much
trouble, threatening bloodshed and Inter
minable lawsuits? Not many clearly
know. In times past areas of the public
domain, partly neld by locators have
been withdrawn from sale or location, as
Indian or other reservations, or for other
reasons, and locators divested of their
lands were given certificates by which
they could transfer their right to any
other similar subdivision of public land
open. These certificates have been called
"scrip," and those using them "scrip
pers." Scrip was negotiable and acquired
market value. In California public land
scrip brokerage has long been a business
Not very much la left. "Porter scrip
commands about $5. "Valentine scrip" is
worth $50. There Is considerable State lieu
land scrip at $4. The San Joaquln Valley
oil belts are arid and have largely re
mained in the public domain because no
body wanted the land. The oil boom gave
the land great demand and the rushers
went at It in two ways. Thousands filed
mineral locations. Others rushed for
"scrip" and located "agricultural land"
with it, plastering It all over the mineral
claims, and hence the war.
Those who have used the scrip men
tioned are properly scrippers, but the
great majority of the scrippers are only
so-called scrippers. The woes of the oil
locators date largely from the establish
ment of the big Sierra Nevada forest re
serves. An act of Congress of June 4. IK*7,
provided, concerning these reserves, "chat
In cases in which a tract covered by an
imperfected bona fide claim or by a patent
is included within the limits of a public
forest reservation the settler or owner
thereof may. If he desires to do so. relin
quish the tract to the Government, and
may select in lieu thereof a tract of va
cant land open to settlement." etc.
While Important Issues have already
been Joined in the Federal courts, leading
scrippers are carefully planning a test
case, which has not yet been filed, though
the brief has been drawn by A. H. Rlck
etts. A big array of lawyers has been
engaged, consisting of A. H. Ricketts, F.
M. Stone, Jefferson Chandler, Van Ness
and Redmond and Shirley J. Ward and
Attorney Pope of Los Angeles.
The complaint will recite a forest re
serve scrlpper's right, vested in him by
the laws and his acts, holding his title is
as perfect as it was in' the land ex
changed, and allege the entry of the de
fendants on the land to search for min
eral oil. The defendants have located
mineral claims on the land before dis
covery, but If oil Is discovered that would
establish the mineral nature of the land
and oust the scripper, who seeks to eject
the miner, as mineral locations made af
ter discovery would be valid.
The plaintiff oddly but legally and safe
ly complains as a basis for his prayer that
"If the land Is believed to possess oil it
greatly enhances the value thereof,
whereas If defendants, by their wrongful
and continuous trespass, demonstrate
that petroleum Is not to be found on said
land, the market value thereof, to which
your orator is clearly entitled, will be
diminished and lost."
The agricultural claimant prays the
court to protect him from the discovery
that It is not mineral but agricultural
land and that he is thus fully entitled to
It. But that Is proper before the law.
Here, as elsewhere. It is the technical
matter of discovery and valuable quan
tity that will determine rights.
The equities of the situation are mixed.
The scrlpper is really after oil, or rather
after land or stock to sell, as Is the min
eral claimant as a rule. Discovered oil
fields will be developed If they are cov
ered by orange groves or office buildings.
The Los Angeles field is in a city, and
most producing oil land was first In pri
vate hands, Ihe scrinper seeks the land
under false pretenses, which are legally
sustained. He says, "I want to mine
here because It is agricultural land." He
"Jumps" other men's claims and acts ap
parently according to law, making the
miners do so. too, and keeping within his
legal rights. His rights are often wrong
and the law needs reconstruction. The
Importance of the Issue la wider than the
oil fields. J. O. DENNY.
THE SENATORIAL SITUATION.
DESPITE rumors that the ' thick and thin
supporters of Burns will refuse to follow the
majority of the Republican caucus, and will
make a bitter fight against the nominee of the cau
cus, it is not at all likely any considerable number of
them will do so. ' In the moment of their first feeling
of soreness in defeat some of them, indeed, made such
threats, but with the quiet of Sunday they have had
time to reflect and reconsider. When the time comes
we may expect a well nigh unanimous Republican
vote for Bard.
The only parties who can expect to gain anything
by continuing the fight are the bosses and pojitical
manipulators of the Southern Pacific Railroad. They
stand at present utterly discredited. Their* loud
boasts of an ability to dictate to the Republican party
in California have been proven false. In a contest in
which they appeared openly and in which they made
use of all their resources and powers for bribing or
for threatening, they have been completely beaten.
It might benefit them a little to carry the fight further
for the purpose of inducing Huntington to believe
they have still some strength left, or for the purpose
of bringing about some sort of a compromise that
will let them retire with a show of honor; but no one
else can gain anything at all. The legislators who
would serve the railroad purposes in making such a
fight would simply ruin themselves for nothing.
Even those members of the Burns following who
have no higher wisdom than that of cunning can per
ceive that the time has come to follow the example
of Burns himself and quit the fight. Reports from all
parts of the State show that Republicans everywhere
rejoice over the action of the caucus on Saturday and
hail the nomination of Mr. Bard as a most fortunate
outcome of the prolonged contest. It would not have
been possible to make a nomination which has met
with more general approval. From every point of
view it is in the highest degree gratifying. The nomi
nee is not only personally worthy of the honor and
free from all alliances or affiliations with the railroad,
or any other corrupting force in the State; but the
fact that he comes from the south adds to the popu
lar gratification, since that makes his victory not only
a triumph over Burns, but blocks the further inten
tion of the conspirators to have followed the election
of Burns by that of Gage as a Senator from the south
when Perkins' term expires.
As the prospects present themselves this morning
the situation is all that the true Republicans of the
State can desire. The victory has been attained for
honesty, the Southern Pacific has been driven from
such hold as it had upon a minority faction of the
party; and now there is no reason why there should
any longer be dissensions in the Republican camp.
An opportunity of rare value is offered for restoring
harmony in the party councils and among the rank
and file, and making everything ready for a united
and vigorous course of action in the approaching
Presidential campaign. That opportunity no wise
Republican can afford to overlook. It is hardly pos
sible there can be any in the Legislature so blind as
not to perceive it, or so stupid as not to understand
his own relations to it. The time has come to put
an end to the strife which Burns and the Southern
Pacific have stirred up in the party during the past
year, and the first step to that end will be the election
of Thomas R. Bard to the United States Senate by
the unanimous Republican vote.
the South cannot eat their cake and keep it. They
cannot claim power .in Congress based upon enum
erating a population to which they permit no voice in
their government. But this is not the final and most
significant effect of nullification of the negroes' right
to vote. Wherever in the border States the negro
vote is so small as to cause no fear of its domina
tion the Republican party has become firmly estab
lished. In Delaware, Maryland, West Virginia and
Kentucky it is strong. Its strength declines as the
negro population increases, and is at its lowest where
there is a black majority. Twice Republicans have
carried Tennessee for Governor, and have been al
most openly counted out When the Democrats of
the South succeed in legally striking down the negro
franchise they will have removed the only argument
they have used for thirty years against the Repub
lican party. When it is done Delaware, Maryland,
West Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama,
North Carolina and Louisiana will quickly become
Republican States. Their commercial and productive
interests will irresistibly lead them into the party
which makes those interests its first concern. Every
cotton mill, every iron furnace, every coal mine,
every sugar, tobacco and rice plantation in the South
is a Republican missionary. Eight of the original
slave States have but one political future and party
destiny, and that is with the Republican party. The
disorderly and disorganizing course of Southern
Democratic politicians, by which they struck down
the only successful leader the party has had in nearly
fifty years, was not so much the result of personal
malevolence as of the malaise of unnatural politics.
The natural position of these States was with the Re
publican party, and when they had an administration
of their own party its application of Democratic
principles to government policy smote them and
caused afflictions which they wrongly ascribed to
the administration, instead of to the principles they
had themselves advocated.
We know not whether they now foresee the con
sequences of what they are doing. If they do, they
are knowingly wise, for they are removing the last
barrier between them and the party with whose prin
ciples their material interests are at one. If they know
not what they are doing, they are unintentionally
wise, for the final effect is sure to be the same.
THE CALL CONGRATULATED ON ITS
TRIUMPH IN THE SENATORIAL FIGHT
Editor San Francisco Call: Congratulations on the J
magnificent victory you have won in the defeat of D. M. |
Burns for Senator.' The Call has served the cause of the f
people after a fashion that entitles it to their lasting grati- |
tude. Yours faithfully, E. R. DILLE. I
Los Angeles, February 3. t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1900.
non. have recently been struck from tho
British navy list and sold. The Prince
Albert, of 2SSO tons and 9.7 knots *p«ed
was built in 1566 at a cost of $1,013.33). ar ?j
the Shannon, of 5390 tons and 11.2 knots
speed was built in 1577 and cost $1.4.X.
843. There are still twenty-eight other
iron-clads carried on the active list of th»
navy, which were built between ISSJ ami
ISTS, and their efficiency even as harbor
defenders is very doubtful. The cor
vettes Cargsfort. built In IS7S, and Con
stance, built in ISSQ. were also sold, to
gether with- the Acorn, a sloop of 97 )
tons, built in 1534.
Warship building of the seven principal
naval nations is steadily increasing 1 , and
If the projects of France and Germar.y
are carried into effect the output durlnsj
the next ten years will vastly increase the
present tonnage under construction. A;
the beginning: of the present year 1.532 E 3
tons are under construction, dlstnouted
as follows:
MONDAY FEBRUARY 5, 1900-
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Propriety
Address AH Corr.municatipns to W. S. LEAK^J^^£s^
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Trlrphonr .Main lSttS.
EDITOniAL ROOMS. . . .217 to 221 Sterenton St.
Trlepbune Main 1574.
Delivered bj Carrier*. 15 CenU Per W'eelt.
Sitisle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Tenna by Mall. Including rontoge:
DAILY CALL (iDClndlaK Miudnyi, one >e«r.,?0.00
DAILY CALL <lnclndlu(r Mimlayl. if month".. 3.00
DAILY CALL • Jnrlutl Jncr Sunday). 3 months.. 1 .."><>
DAILY CALL Bf Single Month Ose
tI\OAV CALL One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL One Year l-OO
All poitmattert are authorised to receive
«nb»crlptlona.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested
OAKLAXD OFFICE 008 Broadway
C. GEO«GE KItOGXESS.
,ManoKi>r Foreign Advertising. Maraaette Dnlld
lnjf, Chicago.
NEW YORK COHKESPOXDENTi
C. C CARLTOM Herald Sanare
XEW YORK HEPRKSEVTATIVEi
PERRY LIKEXS JR 20 Tribune Dulldlne
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS I
Sherman Hou«e; P. O. New* Co.; Great North
ern Hotels Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
>EW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, 31 Inlon !
Square; Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON <li. C.) OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of j
Clay, open until »i3O o'clock. 300 Hayes,
open until 9:30 o'clock. «».'5:» McAllister, open j
until tttSO o'clock. «15 Larkin, open until |
:•:::<• o'clock. 1041 Mission, open until 1O
o'clock. 22«1 Market, corner Sixteenth, open i
until O o'clock. ]<«••! Valencia, open until !»
o'clock. IOG Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock, j
JVW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky. ;
open until 9 o'clock. j
AMUSEMENTS.
Grar.i Opera-hoese— "Aladdin Jr."
Tlvoii— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Tie Srnuetfers oi Badayex.**
Columbia— Benefit Theatrical Mechanics' Association, this
eitern ocn.
Alhambr* — "London Life."
California— "The Cuckoo."
Alcaxar— "Frlenfia."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•vecin«.
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis etreetn — Specialties.
P«r.craina Battle of Manila Bay. Market street, near
Eighth.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
AUCTION SAT.ES.
Ey Turkish Rug Co.— This day. at XI a. m. and 2 p. m.,
Turtlih Rugs, at 1«3 Stockton street.
By Easton, Eldrldxe & Co.— Tuesday. February I, it 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at £35 Market street.
By W. G. Palmer — Tuesday, February 6, at 11 o'clock,
Heroes, at Ul3 Mission stre-ft.
By Chase & MtndenhaH— Friday, February 9, at 11 o'clock.
Race Horses, at Oakland Race Track.
4
Armored |
ships, f
1 I
I Cnilsers-I
| Ton>«<!
1 vessels
XAVIES
I ~——^—~ ¦
I
England
France
Germany j
Italy
Japan
Russia
United States
. 251.700
50.251
. 99,729
75.454
59,700
. 113.713
. IQ7.CS
267.080
156.253
41.351
33.901
63.250
92,637 !
4.933
12.900
8.343
«.«o
5.155
7.133
16.565
lo.M«
Totals
.| 793.232 I
875.027
j 63.CJ4
Armored |
ships, f
1 I
I Cnilsers-I
| Ton>«<!
1 vessels
XAVIES
I ~——^—~ ¦
I
England
France
Germany j
Italy
Japan
Russia
United States
. 251.700
50.251
. 99,729
75.454
59,700
. 113.713
. IQ7.CS
267.080
156.253
41.351
33.901
63.250
92,637 !
4.933
12.900
8.343
«.«o
5.155
7.133
16.565
lo.M«
Totals
.| 793.232 I
875.027
j 63.CJ4GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN* K2.
THIS BVENIXG. Gorjreeus and Beautiful Pro-
duction of David Henderson's Cele-
brated Extravacanra,
ALADDIN JR.
THE TALE OF A WOKDERFUL LAifP.
New and Beautiful Scenery and Costumes.
Pretty Music. New Jokes. Everything "P to
date.
Special Engagement of the HAWAIIAN
QI'IN'TET.
Chas. H. Jon**' New March. "The Parade of
the Mar.Sartr.s." by 36 Beautiful Girls.
Frank King's Gorgeous Transformation.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday
Matinee, 25c.
EXTRA.
THURPDAT AFTERNOON NEXT. Farewell
Appearance cf the Eminent Soprano,
MLLE. ANTOINETTE TREBELLI.
In a De'igfctful Programme. Including the
Famous LAUGHING FONG.
ATI the Gems of Her Recent Concerts.
POPULAR PRICES— Sc BOc. 75c. Jl.
Seats on File at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s music
¦tore and at the Grand Opera-house box office.
COLUIIBIAfe
Beginning TO-NIGHT,
Er.r&gement Limited to Eighteen Nights aad
Three Matinees.
the Famous
BOSTONIANS
Preacstlsr for the First Tlm» Here.
THE LIGHT OPERA.
THE SMUGGLERS
OF BADAYEZ.
By MPTKOIVSKY and RANKE.V.
Monity. Febraary IS. THE BOSTONIANS,
Presentlac "THE VICEROY."
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PHONE. SOUTH 77 O.
EVERT EVENING THIS "WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LONDON LIFE!
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening 15c, 25c. 25c. EOc and 75c
Matinee l&c. Z^c, 25c and 50c
Vext Sunday Afternoon— The Real JEFFRIES-
FHARKEY CONTEST PICTURES. A Card—
Managers Elllnffhouse and Mott pledge their
»-ord that these are the ONLY GENUINE PIC-
TURES OF THE JEFFRIES-SHARKEY CON-
TEST.
These Pictures wilt be oresented at the Ex-
position building, Oakland, to-night and to-mor-
row (Tuesday night).
COKPLETELT ECLIP3EB THE OTHEB TABCE !
"The CUCKOO"
Received With Shout* and Roars of Laughter.
Another Tremendous Success By the
FRAWLEV COMPANY.
Positively One Week Only of This Comedy.
CominenclnK Sunday Nlfht, February 11th —
Welcome Home from London of California's
I>li»tlnruisbe<J Artiste, MISS KEITH WAKE^
MAN, In "AN UNCONVENTIONAL HONEY-
MOON/"
SPECIfILI
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON' at 3 o'clock,
Flrtt vt the FORTNIGHTLY CONCERTS,
T.l.i HKNfV H».«l > QWTiiT.
Assisted by CECILE HARDY.
Reserved Keats tSc, 60c and 75c
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
January 22 to February 18, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Mondar, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. .
Five or men races each day.
Kacea start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
terry-boats leave Ban FrancUco at 12 m. and
11:10. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:39 and Z p. m.. connecting
with trains stoppinr at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars oa train reserved tor la-
tfle* and their escorts; no tmckinr. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electrto cars at Seventh and Broad war. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ean Pablo avenue oars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returning— Train* leave the track at 4:15 and
<:<5 p- m. iind immediately nft-r the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
Ji. n MILHOT. Pecrftary.
f% ¦ |"|" nnilll Corner Fourth and
CAFE BOYAU£: & «£
Will U JIWIMU^ Overcoats aad
Valises checked tr—.
HOME STUDY COURSE
HI.— RECENT SCIENTIFIC
DISCO VEBXES.
Published Wednesdays in The
San Francisco Call. Begin
ning Wednesday, February
21, 1900.
The world has been startled dur
ing the last few months with some
remarkable scientific - discoveries
known to the public as "Wireless
Telegraphy," "Color Photogra
phy," "Liquid Air," etc. These
will be presented in a popular way
by Professor William J. Hopkins
of Drexel Institute. Among the
subjects to be discussed in this se
ries ara the following:
1. Wireless Telegraphy.
2. High Speed Telegraph Systems.
8. Pnotography in Colors.
4. Liquid Air.
5. Dark Lightning.
6. Moving Pictures.
7. Process Engraving
8. Submarine Boats.
9. The New Gases.
And others which are especially
Interesting either because of nov
elty; or because of practical use
fulness.
"THE BEAUTIFUL CITY."
Eloquent Address of Dr. Jordan at
Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb 4.—
President David Starr Jordan spoke in
the university chapel this morning, taking
as the subject of his text "The Beautiful
City." The whole discourse was a plea
for the proper attitude of the individual
toward his surroundings. Everything that
exists is for a purpose, and if viewed
from the proper standpoint is beautiful.
There is nothing in nature that is not
perfect to that form of life which has
perfectly adapted Itself. "Even the Mo-
Jave Desert. said the speaker, "fur
nishes a perfect home for Its plant and
animal life. • ¦"""?;
"Once the world was a vale of tears, a
place of awful penitence, illumined only
by the grace of God. To-day we rejoice
in It for we realize that it is the grace
of God which shines though and illumines
it for us. ;
"Adaptation to conditions brings happi
ness. If we see things as they are, and
what lies behind them, we are building
for harmony. We are well in all that's
well that we do well, that we strive well
for It is an old saying that no harm can
come to the good man, be he alive or
"We should give thanks for the infinite
justice of things; that ugliness, inhar
mony and wrong bring failure; that har
mony brings happiness. There is no limit
to the power of him who strives for
"We can write a minus sign before
every good thing and it turns to bad. But
all wrong Is only good uncompleted. Vice
is good impulse premature nnd ineffective
anger, a reaction premature and fatuous.
War itself, one of the greatest curses of
the world, is but misdirected courage. To
live through and above these thing 3 Is
the test of a strong life."
FELL UNDER A TRAIN.
Boy Loses His Life While Stealing a
Bide.
STOCKTON, Feb. 4. — While endeavoring
to board the 1:05 Southern Pacific train
from San Francisco to-day, where It in
tersects the Alameda and San Joaquin
Railroad track, about three miles south
of town, Daniel, the 16-year-old son of
Night Watchman Ahem of the Southern
Pacific Company, fell under the wheels
and was instantly killed, his body being
horribly mangled. He had stolen a ride
to that point on a southbound train, and
was trying to steal a ride back.
Lectures for Fruit-Growers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 1—
The faculty of Stanford University is
planning a work which will be of practi
cal benefit to the fruit-growers of the
State Commencing with the week be
ginning Monday, February 19, 1900, a se
ries of special lectures on subjects relat
ing to the horticultural interests will be
given at Stanford, under the auspices of
those departments whose work is related
to the work of fruit-growing. All persons
interested are invited to attend the lec
tures and to spend the week at the uni
versity considering the broader aspects of
fruit-growing .
Jewell May Go Free.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 4.— Fritz Jewell, the
commercial traveler arrested in Alameda
on a charge of obtaining money under
false pretenses, will probably not be pros
ecuted. He received a telegram yester
day afternoon from the Co-operative Fur
niture Company of Rockford, 111., inform
ing him that it would honor his draft
A local firm that deals with the Rock
ford is expecting a telegram requesting
that the check be paid. As-soon as it is
received Jewell will probably be released.
Bought by Northern Pacific.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— lt is announced
in Wall street that the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company has purchased the
western section of the Monte Cristo and
Everett Railroad, with its terminals at
Everett, Wash. The property was former
ly owned by John D. Rockefeller. The
line of railroad purchased extends from
Snohomlsh to Everett, a distance of elev
en miles, and the terminals, which the
Northern Pacific will utilize in the devel
opment of its Pacific Coast business, are
expensive and valuable.
Bordain Released.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. Feb. 4.— Albert Bordaln
was released from Jail yesterday. This
morning he repudiated his confession and
denied that he had any knowledge of the
theft of the Miller jewels. As the offi
cers have no evidence upon which they
can hold him it was decided to turn both
him and Miller . loose. Fred Miller has
offered a handsome reward for the re
turn of the rings. .
SWALLOWED CARBOLIC ACID.
Maria Martin, Alias Annie Johnston,
Makes the Third Attempt to
End Her Life.
Maria Martin, alias Annie Johnston, a
woman of the "tenderloin," attempted to
commit suicide at 25 Turk street yesterday
afternoon by swallowing a dose of car
bolic acid. She was taken to the Receiv
ing- Hospital in the ambulance and ll'e
usual remedies were applied. The doctors
cay she has about an even chance for her
life.
On the nipht of January 9 she was ar
rested for being- drunk, and while in a cell
at the California-street Police Station she
attempted to strangle herself with her
belt. She was found in an unconscious
condition and sent to the hospital, whore
she soon recovered. About three years
ago she shot herself In the mouth.
Z*^A fw Nk t*^fi IN ~H vjßSs 2SdS £*"**!* T**** XX
122-124 NINTH STREET.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 636.
QUALITY AND QUANTITY
SPEAK for THEMSELVES.
Beat Family Flour, per sack OOe
20 pounds of Beans f0r..... y*>e
13 pounds of Rice for ,-»<•«•
Best Sugar Corn. 3 cans for 2Oe
Good Tomatoes, per can ¦ 5c
Best Eastern Hams, per pound i:t's«> |
Best Eastern Cheese, per pound 15c
4-pound can of Boston baked Pork and
Beans lOc
10 pounds Rolled Oats for 25c
Best Java Coffee, per pound 3Oc
Best Costa Rica Coffee, per pound 25c
Best Salvador Coffee, per pound 20c
Good Family Mixed Coffee, 2 lbs f0r..... 25c
Best Family Mixed Tea, per p0und..".... 4Oc
Good Mixed Tea, per pound 25c
Best Cove Oysters, 3 cans for 25c
6 pounds beat French Prunes 25c
Macaroni, Vermicelli or Spaghetti, per
pound Osc
5 jcallons of Eastern Oil 7Oe
liquor Specials!
Best Old Bourbon Whisky per grallon.. S2.SO
Best 8-year-old Port or Sherry Wine,
per rallon 91.00
Best 6-year-old Zlnfandel. per ga110n.... 35c
Large bottle of Bourbon Whisky ooe
Best Port or. Sherry Wine, per bottle.... 250
GIVE US A TRIAL.
Satisfaction cuaranteed or money refunded
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL. COKB AND PIQ IRON.
f f WH SflN H Cfl m Battery Street.
J. U- II ILJUII (i WU-. Ttlephcn. Main lgM.
COPPERSMITH. ¦
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. M*r.
r W Bhl P Plumbing. Steamboat
V- IT -J.ni Illf and Ship Work a Specialty, 18
and 18 Washington St. Telephone Main EMI.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. -
lAC RfIYFS & C(\ dipping Butchers. 104
JA> CUICJtttU-, clay. Tel. Main lili.
™~ FURS.
. H. LUrjIAU, .tytes, low**t price* e.mooellnf.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE FULP ggit
PRINTING
E. C HUGHES, m aSSTa-,. r .
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T "iSd'e p . h>a PARTRIDGE **
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. SSS^S.
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal la the
market. Otflco and Yards— 4so Main atratt.
GEDMFULLEROESRCa.
Jjgg-g^r /wwAnwcs.
fNIEPII FURNITURE
iEMft=M&3~£iOWSMSL
AMUSEMENTS.
| jjjiiil Most Beautiful |
5 iiiiiuiLd bdys>. ©
C? JJ^^lp-l I' pi ? P^^^^^%w .Eight performances
f% was completely restored to my former good health. J feel that I owe my Jtj
.£} present strong condition physically to this remedy, and take pleasure in g
«f in forming you of it. —^ gs
£% Very sincerely, ** jj — 7 k^S /?- ' ©
{j Warner* 8 Safe Care Co. {/**
<^% A thoroughly competent and regularly graduated woman physician will give medical advice free, to
£% any woman needing same. Addres* :•• MRS. ALICE McCULLOUGH.JVI. D. (Personal). Warner's Safe
,a Cure Co., Rochester, N. Y." je*
¦szJr \&
WAENEE'S B3SMEDIES.
WHAT IT COST TO
WAR WITH SPAIN
Vast Sum Expended by
Uncle Sam.
OFFICIAL FIGURES COMPILED
OVER THREE HUNDRED AND
MILLIONS SPENT.
Through the Philippine Insurrection
America Has Had to Pay Dearly
for Its Experience With
Imperialism.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.—
From the breaking out of the war with
Spain to the present time the total ex
penditures of the Government on account
of that war and on account of the hostili
ties in the Philippines, amount In round
figures to about $355,000,000.
It is Impossible to calculate accurately
the cost of the war for the reason that it
is not possible to tell In all cases Just
how much expenditures made under a
given heading are in excess of those that
would have been made had it not been for
the war. As nearly as can be estimated
the war expenditures have been about as
follows:
On account of the War Department,
J255,000,G00; on acount of the Navy Depart
ment." $69,000,000; paid to Spain for the
Philippines, $20,000,000; interest on war
loan to date, $9,000,000; Increased expenses
In departmental service In Washington,
$2,000,000. Total war expenditures, $355,
000,000.
The national defense fund of $50,000,000,
voted by Congress on the eve of the
breaking out of the war, was placed at
the disposal of the President without any
limitations whatever and allotments from
it were made to various departments as
needed to meet expenditures for which
Congress had not specifically appro
priated. '
The largest allotments, $29,973,274 22, was
made to the Navy Department, and was
principally used for the purchase of ves
sels, guns, ammunition and supplies. Some
of the principal items of expenditure un
der this allotment were: Purchase of ves
sels, $17,780,485 27; alterations and repairs
to vessels, $1,111,474 54; bureau of ordnance
(guns, ammunition, etc.), $5,582,888 45; pur
chase of guns, ammunition and supplies
abroad, $1,327,017 26; buildings, etc., at
navy yards, stations, $690,857 18; hire and
running expenses, chartered vessels, $475,
422 87.
Allotments amounting to $18,959,627 68
were made to the War Department from
which principal expenditures were: Under
ordnance bureau, $9,081,496 86; under en
gineer bureau, $585,000; under quartermas
ter's bureau. $1,959,230 82; under medical
bureau, $1,520,000.
Allotments of $325,118 68 to State De
partment and $150,008 09 to Treasury De
partment were also made from this fund
to be used for expenses Incurred by these
departments on account of the war.
If you are framing pictures examine our
new moldings and mat boards, In tints to
match. Any picture can be appropriately
and Inexpensively fitted In our frame de
partment. Sanborn, .Van A C 0.,.741 Mar
ket street. . - •-¦•;',
Sportsmen Were His Victims.
Harry Schroeder. a Barbary Coast
rounder, was arrested last Saturday night
by Detectives Ryan and ODea and locked
In the tanks in the City Prison. Echroeder
has of late been victimizing owners of
shotguns in this city. His plan was to
learn the name of an owner and then send
a note asking for the loan of his shotgun.
signing the name of some friend. In most
cases the scheme would be successful,
and Schroeder would pawn the gun or sell
it for a small stun. Ho will be charged
with forgery* •• -_1..<- . ..
AMUSEMENTS.
ART TREASURE CAUSES
HIM NIGHTS OF WORRY
Louis Laviosa, a San Rafael Butcher,
Fears That His Caracci Will
Be Stolen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 4.— Three hundred
years ago In Bologna lived Annlbale Car
raccl, who painted pictures which have
made his name one of the most Illus
trious among the old masters. It Is ow
ing to this fact that Loui3 Laviosa, a lo
cal groceryman, knows no peace. In a
dingy back attic over his store lies
wrapped In a greasy newspaper and in
closed in a cheap, tarnished frame a valu
able painting by Carraccl. It represents
the temptation of St. Anthony, and is In
Caracci' s best style.
Laviosa brought the picture with him
to this country from Genoa, where It had
hung on the wall of his father's home for
countless generations. When It was de
cided that the family should emigrate the
old picture was brought too. In New
York laviosa met Virgil Tojettl, who
pronounced the painting a genuine
Carraccl, and Informed Laviosa that its
worth ranged high in the thousands.
Things did not prosper with the Laviosas
in Gotham, and so they came to Cali
fornia. Some time since an unscrupulous
picture-hunter got wind of the gem which
Laviosa possessed, and money being re
fused resorted to strategy and a dark lan
tern. Luckily his attempt to gain pos
session of the painting by stealth was
frustrated. Ever since then, however, the
picture has been a weight on Laviosa's
mind, and the thought of the treasure in
his garret causes him to look with sus
picion on the casual stranger who "hap
pens In" with an order for half a pound
of butter or a packet of tea. The gro
ceryman has concluded that a bank is
the safest place for his picture, as he
feels that even the greasy paper wrapper
would not throw off the track the astute
connoisseur who had set his heart on the
possession of the Carraccl.
CARMEL VALLEY BEETS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, Feb. 4.— A representative
of the Spreckels Sugar Company has been
in the Carmel Valley, near this place, for
several days past contracting with the
farmers of that section for beets to be
used at the Spreckels sugar factory next
season. It Is stated that n, number of big
contracts have been made and that the
output of beets from the Carmel Valley
next season will be very large.
There la a rumor here, said to be au
thoritative, that if the beet crop of the
valley warrants it, the Southern Pacific
Company will lay a branch railroad from
Monterey to a central point In the valley,
so that the beets may be loaded direct
from the fields and not have to be hauled
to Monterey for shipment to Salinas. If
this Is done the saving to Carmel Valley
farmers In both time and labor will be
considerable /
Civil Service Examinations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— The Civil Serv
ice Commlsison to-day announced that
examinations for department positions
would be held in the following California
cities: San Francisco, April 6 and 17;
Santa Barbara. Eureka, Redding, Sacra
mento and San Diego, April 4; Los An
geles, April 11 andl^
Marine Artist Dies.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— William Stanley
Hazeltine, the marine artist. Is dead in
Rome", aged 64 years. He was a native of
Philadelphia. ¦
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1900.
PURSUED BY AN
ARMED MADMAN
Mill Valley Butcher's
Narrow Escape.
LUNATIC CARRIED AN ADZE
FELLED AS HE WAS ABOUT TO
olXbi r\ Ft.
Later Lodged in the Jail at Sausa
lito and Almost Drowned
by the Rising
Tide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILL VALLEY, Feb. 4.— An Insane car
penter named Wilson armed with a hatch
et chased Charles Stark, a local butcher,
through the main street here yesterday,
and for several minutes panic prevailed
among' the townspeople. Later the man
was placed In Sausalito jail and nar
rowly escaped being drowned by the tide
invading his cell and converting his place
of Incarceration into a watery grave.
At about nocn yesterday Stark was
walking past the place of business occu
pied by Harvey Klyce, a builder, anfi Wil
son's employer, when a warning shout
from the opposite side of the street made
him turn. He saw Wilson brandishing a
glittering adze within a few feet of him.
Realizing that he was attacked by a ma
niac, Stark took to his heels, pursued by
the lunatic shrieking at the top of his
voice. Fear lent Stark wings and he
managed to keep ahead of his pursuer,
although he was every moment losing
strength. The insane man had raised his
weapon for a blow, which would have
crushed the butcher's skull like an egg
shell, when Constables Magner and Mc-
Donald arrived on the scene. A blow
from Magner*3 club brought Wilson to
time, and the officer was about to Dlac«»
handcuffs on him when he sprang up and
attempted to fell Magner by a vicious
blow. So violent did he become that a
second blow was needed to render him
submissive to arrest. Wilson was »aken
to Sausalito on an evening train «xnd
placed in the jail, a one-story structure,
which would be dignified by the title of
hog pen. It Is below the level of the sea,
and in the night when the tide rose It
burst the levee, and the unfortunate Wil
son came very near being drowned. When
Constable Richard Garrity visited the tall
this morning he found the prisoner shiv
ering in his wet clothes. Wilson was
taken out and placed in a temporary place
of confinement. No complaint has yet
been lodged against him by Stark, but it
is understood that the butcher will charge
his assailant with assault to murder. The
townspeople have no hesitation in declar
ing Wilson to be Insane.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE GROWTH OF SHAKESPEARE'S FAME.
Copyright, 1800, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES lIS SHAKESPEARE.
Contributor* to this course: Dr. Edward Dowden. Dr. William J. Rolfe. X>r Hamil
ton W. Mable. Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Corson. Dr. Isaac N. Demmon. Dr. Vida D.
Sctidder and others.
XIX SCHOOLS OF SHAKESPEARE
CRITICISM.
Shakespeare's Contemporary Beputa
tion.
Shakespeare's life was from every point
of view successful. He came up to Lon
don a penniless youth, literally to seek
hl3 fortune, and retired a quarter of a
century later with an Income which his
latest biographer estimates as equivalent
to some $25,000 in our day. He was a
talented actor and the most "drawing"
dramatist of a theater-going age. He
was distinguished by the special favor of
Elizabeth and James I Is said to have
written him an autograph letter. Short
ly after his withdrawal from London six
of his plays were performed during the
splendid marriage festivities of the
Princess Elizabeth and the Elector Pala
tine. Elizabethan literature, too. swarms
with references to Shakespeare's plays
and poems. From a rather "doubtful allu
sion by Spenser In the early 90's down to
the "Epitaph" by Milton In 1632 we have
an unbroken chain of references, and
with the one exception of Greene's out
burst of railing jealously the tone of
these is one of praise.
Yet It was reputation rather than fame
that Shakespeare gained In his lifetime.
While his contemporaries valued, they
cannot be said to have appreciated him.
He was considered only as one of the
great poets of an age that recognized its
own greatness. That he towered far
above his fellows no one of them was
clear-sighted enough to perceive. By
some of the greatest thinkers of his
age — Bacon, for Instance, and John Sel
den—he Is not so much as named. Meres,
indeed, assigns to Shakespeare the first
place among the English, both In tragedy
and comedy, but almost In the next
breath he ranks him with such dusty and
forgotten worthies as Dr. Legge of Cam
bridge and Dr. Edes of Oxford. Even his
fellow-players in their preface to "The
First Folio" spoke of Its masterpieces as
"trifles" presented to their noble patrons.
This, in fact, was the general verdict of
contemporary criticism In regard to all
dramatic productions. A play in those
day was meant for the stage, not for the
closet. There was a general laugh when
Ben Jonson In the very year of Shakes
peare's death publishd his plays under
the title of "Works." But Jonson. who
knew so well the value of hl3 own pro
ductions, was the only man of his age
to estimate Shakespeare at anything like
his proper worth. In the carelessness of
confidential conversation he might indeed
laugh at the shipwreck on the coast of
Bohemia, but when he came to express
his fixed and final judgment he struck an
other tone. In the famous lines prefixed
to "The First Folio" there Is no depreca
tory reference to "these trifles," no
ranking of Shakespeare even with
Chaucer or Spenser. He praises the art
that shaped the living line as well as the
nature that gave the matter. Not only,
he asserts, does Shakespeare's comedy
cast into the shade the wit of Arlsto
pliantes and Terence, but his sterner
notes summon from their graves the
great tragedians of the classic past to
hear a late-born rival challenge a com
parison of all sent forth by "Insolent
Greece or haughty Rome," and with an
even finer burst he turns to his country
and bids her know her son aright:
"Triumph, my Britain, thou hast one to show
To whom all scenes of Europe homage owe.
He was not of an are. but for all tlm»."
Shakespeare in the Age of the Besto
ration.
The civil wars and the closing of the
theaters opened a deep abyss between
the age of Shakespeare and that of the
Restoration. The theater reopened by the
returned Stuarts was no longer a na
tional institution. It depended for Its
very existence upon the favor of the
court; and the taste of the court was
French, demanding a rhetorical and de
clamatory tragedy and a comedy of
manners, where wit served as the apolo
gist of shameless debauchery. Shakes
peare, It is true, was by no means for
gotten. His plays were frequently per
formed upon the Restoration age. But
they were too often performed in strange
ly altered versions. Howard, for instance,
added a happy ending to • "Romeo and
Juliet"; D'Avenant amalgamated "Meas
ure for Measure" and "Much Ado About
Nothing." Even Dryden took part In the
mutilation of Shakespeare, rewriting
"Troilus and Cressida," and turning "The
Tempest" Into a sort of opera, where
the verses of Shakespeare's loveliest
drama stray like lost sheep amid a
wilderness of Restoration rant and
ribaldry.
Yet Shakespeare's fame owes more to
Dryden than to any other English critic,
for it was Dryden who in the end vindi
cated the great poet of his nation against
the censures which a foreign school of
criticism cast upon htm. It is not. In
deed, easy to state exactly Dryden's es
timate of Shakespeare, for, though one of
our greatest critics, Dryden was no more
consistent in his critical judgments than
In his politics or his religion. But his in
consistency is explained In part by the
struggle In his own mind between an In
stinctive reverence for Shakespeare's
genius and a critical disapprobation of
certain Shakespearean peculiarities of
style and diction, In part also by a steady
development of his powers of literary
judgment. In his first critical essay he
unsparingly condemns Shakespeare's love
of puns and too frequent "bombast,"
while acknowledging that "of all modern
and, perhaps, all ancient poets, he had
the largest and most comprehensive
soul." He prefers the "wit." or as we
would say, "the genius," of Shakes
peare to the correctness of Ben Jonson,
at that time generally regarded as the
greatest, because the most "regular" of
English dramatists. He is troubled by
Shakespeare's "solecisms of speech and
notorious flaws of sense," and is es
pecially disturbed by his inequalities of
style. Little by little, bowerer, Dryden's
own labors In dramatic composition
taught him something of the exceeding
riches of Shakespeare. He became his
avowed disciple, and In the preface to his
first blank verse drama frankly con
fessed "In my style I Imitate the divine
Shakespeare • • • and I hope I may
affirm that by imitating him I have sur
passed myself." He dwells with par
ticular admiration upon Shakespeare's
power of character drawing, due to the
"universal mind which comprehended all
the characters and passions. ' He upholds
Shakespeare as the national poet and In
sists that "our English reverence for him
is much more Just than that of the
Greeks for Aeschylus." ¦„ *. ,
Compared with Coleridge or Schlegel
Dryden's praise of Shakespeare may seem
hesitating and half-hearted. But we must
not leave out of account the critical tem
per of the age In which he lived. The at
titude of what may be called profession
al criticism in his time is represented,
though perhaps in an exaggerated form,
by Thomas Rymer, to whom "Othello"
was "none other than a bloody farce with
out salt or savor." and who summed up
his criticism of Shakespeare in the monu
mental utterance. "The truth is, this
author's head was full of villainous, un
natural Images."
Shakespeare and the Classical School
. of Criticism.
Dryden Is the father of the so-called
classical school of Shakesperean criticism,
a school which has been the mark for
bitter Invective by later eulogists of tho
poet, but which contributed none the less
to the growth of Shakespeare's fame. Its
greatest representatives. Pope and John
son, devoted years to the preparation of
revised and annotated editions of hli
works. In their prefaces they extolled his
genius in the highest terms, though rioi
without some measure of fault-findlnpr.
The chief tenet of this school is that
Shakespeare was a poet of vast genius
and profound insight into human nature,
but of equally unbounded extravagance
and irregularity of style.' "Wild, irregu
lar, lawless," are terms of 'frequent oc
currence in their criticisms. Pop*, to bo
sure, endeavored to clear Shakespeare*
rame by stigmatizing as interpolations of
tne player-editors whatever passages
seemed to him unworthy of Shakespeare's
sen *' w and Johnson elaborately vindi
cated him from the common critical
charge of violating the dramatic unities.
Yet the reader instinctively feels that
"'"f. P°Pe nor Johnson was at home
with Shakespeare. It was not so much an
emotion of reverent awe as a sensation of
self-conscious uneasiness that came over
them at the contemplation of his work.
in two noble metaphors Pope compares
Shakespeare to an "ancient, majestic
piece of Gothic architecture." and Johnson
likens his work to a "forest of branching
oaks and towering pines, interspersed
sometimes with weeds and brambles,
sometimes giving shelter to myrtles and
roses. ' But the age of Pope and Johnson
vastly preferred the pseudo-classicism of
the late Renaissance to all "ancient and
majestic Gothic architecture." and tt*e
trimly cut parterres of their own gardens
to all the untended forests of the world.
One feels that Pope's mind dwelt rather
on the grinning monstrosity of the gar
goyles than on "the height, the space.' the
gloom, the glory," and Johnson's on the
weeds and brambles of "tumor, mean
ness, tediousness and obscurity," which
he discovered in the forest of Shakes
peare, rather than on the towering
strength of his Imagination or the fra
grant beauty of his verse.
Yet with all Its limitations, and in spite
of its curious habit of stroking with one
hand and striking with the other, th's
school has one great merit. It definitely
established the position of Shakespeare
as a classic, the greatest of English clas
sics. After Dryden's death the natural
predilection of English readers for the
great national poet was sanctioned and
defended against the assaults of crltfcaa
ters by the immense authority of thrve
successive chiefs of English letters, Addl
son. Pope and Johnson.
The School of Textual Criticism.
The greatest service rendered to Shakes
peare's fame by critics of the eighteenth
centur>*t however, was the restoration of
his text and the preparation of an ade
quate body of explanatory and illustrative
comment. During the seventeenth cen
tury only four editions of Shakespeare
had appeared, each of them full of gross
and manifest corruptions. It is almost
impossible for the student of Shakespeare
in the revised and corrected editions of
to-day to form any conception of the dif
ficulty under which readers of the Au
gustan age labored who had before them
only the ill-printed, misspelled and at
times utterly nonsensical text of the old
copies.
The first attempt at correction was
made by the dramatist Rowe. In 1703. He
made out lists of dramatis personae for all
the plays: he divided into acts and sctne3
such dramas as had formerly been print
ed in solid wholes, and he supplied exits
and entrances. In other words, he tried
to make the text as intelligible to the
reader as a stage performance would be
to the spectator. He unfortunately re
printed the most corrupt of the old folios,
and made no systematic revision of the
text, but he Improved the reading from
time to time by a number of happy con
jectures.
Rowe was followed In 1715 by Pope, who
promised great things in the way of a pur
ified and annotated text. But Pope was
constitutionally Incapable of what ne him
self styled the drudgery of an editor, and
the fashion in which he translated Homer
was an ominous warning of the way he
would edit Shakespeare. He took the
greatest liberties with the old text, strik
ing out whole passages that seemed to
him below the dignity of a poet, making
alterations upon no better authority than
his own opinion, and at times simply re
writing a phrase that seemed obscure.
And he cared far too little for the age In
which Shakespeare had lived to gather Il
lustrative mattp- from the treasury of
Elizabethan literature; often, in fact, his
explanatory notes display ignorance
rather than knowledge.
In consequence of these defects Pope 3
edition was a distinct disappointment, ami
a rival soon entered the field. This was
the work of Theobald, the "piddling Tio
bald" of the Dunciad. a writer of poor
plays and worse poems, but a critic of
the very highest order. He possessed a
fine ear for the rhythm of blank verse
and the keenest sense for the nuances of
language. To these qualifications he add
ed a vast store of learning in the classical
and modern tongues. He knew Eliza
bethan literature better than any other
man of his day. and 13 said to have read
over 800 old plays In preparation for his
edition. Morevoer. he was at once con
scientious and Indefatigable in the labor
of collation and transcription. His guid
ing principles, enunciated in a letter to
"VVarburton, remain to this day authori
tative canons for textual emendation.
"I ever labor," he says, "to make the
smallest deviation that T possibly can
from the text: never to alter at all where
I can by any means explain a passage Into
sense: nor ever by any emendations to
make the author better when it is prob
able that the text came from his own
S He 3 'restored from "The First Folio" a
number of true readings which had been
lost in later editions, and corrected many
corrupt and obscure passages by conjec
tures as happy as brilliant.* The most
familiar of these, of course. Is the em«i
datlo certlssima. which has restored to us
the last words of Falstaff. In spite of
this abuse of Pope and the neglect of pro
fessed scholars. Theobald's work met
with an Immediate and gratifying suc
cess. Seven editions of it were published
within the next forty years, a remarkable
proof, by the way. of the growth of
Shakespeare's fame when compared wltn
the four editions which had satisfied the
demand In the preceding century.
Theobald's most scholarly successor
was undoubtedly Capell. who published
an edition of Shakespeare In 1768. Some
Inherent defect seems to have rendered
him incapable of expressing himself In
English of even ordinary intelligibility.
"He should have come to me." said John
son, patronizingly, "and I would have en
dowed his purposes with words, for as It
Is he doth gabble monstrously." But his
matter is excellent. The Cambridge edi
tors call his preface "by far the most
valuable contribution to Shakespearean
criticism that had yet appeared. And the
text that he offered to the public was
practically a new one. constructed by a
most careful and systematic collation of
all the old copies, and approaching far
nearer to the Ideal text of Shakespeara
than anything that had yet appeared.
Only one more name needs to be men
tioned In this connection, that of Jlalone.
He was by taste and temper a literary
antiquary rather than a critic. He was
an unwearied explorer of dusty records
and had access to manuscripts which
have since disappeared. Naturally, he
turned to Shakespeare's biography and to
the sources and chronology of his plays.
He made, for example, the first rational
attempt to determine the succession of
Shakespeare's dramas, and his research
es laid the foundation for much of the
subsequent knowledge that had been
gained along these lines.
In closing this topic a word must be
said of the Variorum editions of Shakes
peare, embracing the best notes of ail the
editors and supplying the student with
a complete apparatus crltlcus. These be
gan with Reed's reprint of the Steevens-
Johnson edition In ISO 3. and concluded
with the younger Boswell's edition In IS2I.
based upon Malone and Including a great
number of that scholar's manuscript
notes. The American Variorum of Dr.
Fumes Is too well known and highly
prized to need more than a mention.
Note—This study by Dr. Parrott of
Princeton University will be concluded to
morrow. On "Wednesday Hamilton TV.
Mable will conclude the course with a pa
per on "How to Study Shakespeare."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"BOOT MON. Ye Canna Stop the Rash"
"Wouldn't That Keep You Wailing?"
THIS EVENING COMMENCES
THE FOURTH WEEK
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Triumph,
"THE
IDOL'S EYE"
EVERY EVENING AT 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
THE SAME OLD PRICES— 2S and 50 cents.
Telephone Bush 9.
EVERYTHING nlw, NOVEL AND
ENTERTAINING.
MR. AND MRS. PERKINS FISHER In Ezra
Kendall's "HALF-WAY HOUSE": CYRUS
DARE: MICHELL: THE HOLLOWAYS;
BRUET AND RIVIERE: SOHLKE'S PICK-
ANINNIES; PARTIE TRIO; IRENE FRANK-
LIN.
PAPINTA.
Reserved peats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO'llifht The Beantlful Comedy-drama,
I FRIENDS 1
Matines I IULIIUU I
Sat.
mmA En£a£mQnt of
_ . Th« Distinguished Actress,
2>nnaay. MARY HAMPTON.
a '§S RESERVED SEATS- 38S
Next Week— "OH. SUSANNAH!"
SHERMAN BALL.
TUESDAY EVENING. February c. at 8:15.
GRAND CONCERT
GIVEN BY
Mrs. Adelaide Lloyd-Smith,
DRAMATIC SOPRANO,
Assisted by
THE MINETTI QUARTET
— and —
CANTOR E. J. STARK Barytone
ROSCOE WARREN LUCY Accompanist
Flute Obllsato by ELI AS M. HECHT
A PROGRAMME OF GREAT MERIT!
RESfcKVLD SEATS $!.00
On Sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
CHUTES_4ND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
DOUGLASS and FORD.
Neat and Eccentric Song- and Dance Artists.
VALKYRA. Equilibrist and Novelty Gymnast.
DELLA ST. CLAIR. the Charming Soubrette.
MAJOR MITE, the Smallest Actor on Earth.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
SATURDAY NIGHT, CAKEWALK!
Phone for Seats PARK 23
\JU. T.HESS,
HOTART PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Teeth Floor, Koom 1015, Claus BpreckeU Bids.
Telephone Brown 831.
Residence. 121 California it., below Powell,
Ban Fraadaco.
5Democratlo.admlnistratlon would be ar
rested if that step was necessary to se
cure their attendance upon the session
called by the Republican Governor to meet
at London next Tuesday. ,;."/
These members stated that they had
been warned not to return to Frankfort.
Enough of the Democratic members of
each house will be here to-morrow, it is
asserted by the Democratic managers, to
form a quorum. No legislation will be
attempted, but adjournment from day to
day will be held pending a settlement of
the legal questions Involved in the pres
ent dispute between the parties.
It is thought that the main reliance
of the Democrats, at least for the pres
ent, will be placed In the police force of
the city and the constabulary of the
county.
The Mayor and city officers and Sheriff
of the county are Democrats and will
undoubtedly recognize Beckman as Gov
ernor.
Fear- was expressed by some of the
Democratic leaders that Governor Taylor
might seek to interfere with the session
of the State Board of Election Commis
sioners, which has been set for next
Tuesday at Frankfort. This board, which
has before it the contests for minor
State offices, would In the event of inter
ference probably adjourn to meet in
Louisville.. If the decision of the board
should be in favor of the Democratic
contestants its action would have an im
portant bearing on the conflict between
the rival Governors. <
Senator-elect Blackburn did not take
part in to-day's conferences in this city,
having remained in Frankfort to look out
for his party's interests there.
Several Republican leaders were in
town to-day, but held no conferences so
far as known.
General John B. Castleman, who was
appointed last night to serve as adjutant
general, conveyed his acceptance of the
trust, and the plans of the Democratic
administration as they affect his branch
of it were talked over. It is not the pur
pose of tho Democratic leaders to use
force in the carrying out of their plans,
but measures are to be taken for the pro
tection of Democratic members of the
The Paris Exposition is sure to
attract thousands of Americans.
In anticipation of this, The Call
has arranged a course • of , "twen
ty lessons ; in French - conversa
tion," prepared specially for
Americans who have no : knowl
edge of the language, by Profes
sor Benno Klrschbaum, a dis
tinguished French "scholar and
teacher. All readers of The Call
who wish to make a beginning In.
French conversation will find; It
to their advantage to follow these
studies. The ability to use ten
French words "to the point" will
help to make "touring" easier,
and a working vocabulary of one
hundred words . will surely cover,
up a multitude of ; embarrass
ments. Professor Klrschbaum has
conducted European parties and is
thoroughly familiar with the in
itial language needs of an Amer
ican in Paris.",' ¦
COFFEE-COLORED MUNCHADSEN
AND HIS BEERY TALE OF WOE
Charged With Grand Larceny.
Detectives Ryan and ODea and Patroi
man Koegel last night charged Fred
Kamalade and Thomas Magulre, two
teamsters, with grand larceny at the City
Prison. On January 13, the detectives
say, a case of ladles' shoes was stolen
from Nolan's shoestore. and a week later
the goods were recovered from a store
at 120 Third street, where they had been
sold for $10 by Knmalade and Maguire.
The officers arrested Kamalade at Ms
home, 32 Gilbert street. Saturday night.
He claimed that he got the goods from
Magulre's home, at 49 Rltch street, and
sold them for him. Magulre was arrested
yesterday. He said he found the shoes
in the cellar of his house. It is thought
that the prisoners can be connected with
the many recent robberies at the railroad
freight sheds.
TRANSPORTS AND
COASTERS REACH
PORT TOGETHER
French Bark Canro
bert in Trouble.
MEADE AND BEN MOHR ARRIVE
BOTH STEAMERS MADE GOOD
RUNS FROM TVTAyrrrA
Uew Vessels for the Pacific Mall Will
Be Ready Next January — Bicy-
v y diets Arrested for Rid
ing on Sidewalk.
There were more arrivals of deep-eea
vessels in port yesterday than, on any
Sunday for a year past.
At 4 p. m. Saturday there were thirty
six coasters on the-r way from various?
ports and at 4 p. m. yesterday over half
that number had shown up off the heads.
Among those that prot in were the
schooners Fanny Dctard, 16 days from
Port Blakeley; Charles R. Wilson. 8 days
from Grays Harbor? Hoy Somers. 9 days
from Grays Harbor: Maid of Orleans, 21
days from New Whatcom; Corinthian, 3
days from Uiehlers Point; Laura Pike. 10
days from Eureka: Lily. C days from
TTmpqua; 53. T. Alexander (new), from
Eureka; Repeat. '.» days from Grays Har
bor: Nrptui:e, 10 dayr from Grays Har
bor, and John I r . Miller. 30 days from
Grays Harbor: barkentine Leslie D, 17
days frnm Port Blakeley; bark Yldette, 15
days from Taroma ; ship Occidental. 10
riays from Seattle: Cleomene. 22 days
frcm Acapulco. for Columbia River;
French barks Marie, 77 days from New
castle, Australia, and Canrobert, 235 days
from Hamburg; transport Ben Mohr,
from Manila; steamers Columbia, from
Astoria: Corona, from San Diego; Cleve
land, from Kahului; Del Norte, from San
Pedro, and Albion, from Fort Bragg.
Shortly after sundown the transport
Meade, "C days from Manila, rlsu made
port.
The Meade i* still In quarantine and
will be iiiST'ected by the Federal doctors
this morning. She curries 139 military
prisoners, all of whom will be J»ent to
Alcatras; 53 soldiers; 43 discharged men;
3 officers and 6 civilians. On the voyage
two deaths occurred.
The French bark Car.rcbert had a terri
ble time rounding the Horn. She was
caught in the October gales and was
driven bark several times. Sickness broke
out among the ?•row. the water supply
grave out and Captain Boju was at his
¦•vit's end. Finally after great hardship
Valparaiso was reached on December 5
and four of the sailors wfre landed The
men were nearly dead with scurvy and it
was imixjssiblp to take them any farther.
Four xn^n to take thfir places were se
cured, the water tanks were filled and
en December 7 the Canrobert palled
again for Si'.n Francisco. AJI went well
until February 2. when the ship was
u^ar the Farallones. a severe earthquake
shock was felt. Captain Boju says it felt
as if there were a number of explosions
under the ship.
The British .«hip Cypromene had four of
her rrew down with malarial fever and
«'aptaln Davis was on the pick list him
t-elf. The vessel was not bound for As
toria. l>ut came here for orders. She will
load qraln for Europe.
Early in 1&01 the Pacific Mail Company's
fleet will be increased by two of the larg
*?t steamers ever built in the ITnited
States, and the equal of any of the trar.s-
Atlantic Kners with th» exception of the
SPOKE AGAINST WARFARE.
Dr. Jordan on the Evils of Military
Conflict.
President David Starr Jordan was the
speaker of the evening at the meeting of
the Social Democrats last evening in the
Turk-street Temple.
His discourse, which was delivered un
der the title of "The Man That Was Left
Behind," was of a sociological character
and dealt with the evils to the manhood
of a nation resultant upon a great war. Dr.
Jordan said It was a well recognized fact
that nothing so tended to the debasement
of a nation as a great conflict which
drafted into the ranks of the military all
that was best, physically, morally and in
tellectually in a nation, for slaughter at
the front, leaving behind the weaklings
to breed the future generations for the
country.
"The Man That Was Left Behind" was
the name given to those who, for one
reason or another, were rejected by the
rigorous military examination, and the
speaker, in one of his characteristic lec
tures, showed the. national degeneration
that was bound to! result from a popula
tion sprung from such as these.
The major part of Dr. Jordan's address
was a plea for the abolition of war be
cause of the terrible results entailed on
the succeeding generations, though the
speaker also branched off, here and there,
into paths that led up to questions more
thoroughly economic in character.
At the conclusion of the lecture tho
meeting was thrown open to general dis
cussion, and a number of questions were
propounded. They were all ably answered
by Stanford's president.
LEGISLATORS WILL BE
SAFE IN LONDON
Judge Brown Says the Talk of Armed
Mountaineers Is Sheer
Nonsense.
LONDON*. Ky.. Feb. 4.— The rumors
that have become current that armed
mountaineers have gathered in London to
intimidate Democratic legislators are ab
solutely without foundation. The town 13
as peaceful and tranquil as any country
village. There are no armed men within
its limits, or lurking in the adjacent coun
try, so far as is known by the London
citizens.
Four Senators and nine Representatives
all Republicans, have arrived here
to-night. It is expected that the
morning train from Frankfort will brine:
in an influx of legislators. •
Judge W. L. Brown of the Circuit
Court said to-night: "Any man. no mat
ter what his politics, is as safe in London
as though he were in his own house.
There is nothing but emptiness to all these
rumors regarding armed intervention
from the mountaineers. We have but one
policeman, and he is the Town Marshal.
We do not need any more. Let the Legis
lature come here; there will be no trou
ble."
A signed statement, refuting the rumors
that London is armed to fight against the
Legislature, was written to-night by
Judge Brown and will be delivered by him
as a speech before the Laurel County Cir
cuit Court at the opening of Its regular
term to-morrow. The address in part
says: '
The papers of Northern and Eastern .cities
have vied with each other In their efforts to
slander our town and county, while some of our
own Kentucky papers have so far forgotten
thlr trust as to be a party to the slanderous at
tacks.
Among the infamous charges it has been said
that London Is the very mouth of hell; that It
is the center of the so-called feud district and
that the citizens of this county are a band of
outlaws, ready and anxious to pounce down on
the Legislature and tear It to pieces or upon
those members whose political affiliations dif
fer from the predominant party of the county.
I desire. In behalf of the people of my native
county, in behalf of the people whom I love
and among whom I was born and reared, to
denounce all of said charges as absolutely false.
In education. Industry and moral worth the
people of London will compare most favorably
with any city or town In Kentucky. The habit
has been formed outside of Kentucky of Judg
ing a State as a whole by the worst characters
to be found In the mountains oA In tho lower
classes of the cities. The world does not seem
to know that cultured Boston or metropolitan
New Tork would fare even worse by the selec
tion of such standards. I assert that in no
town is good order appreciated more fully and
In no county Is the law more vigorously ; en
forced than In London.
A legislative caucus will be held to-mor
row afternoon in the Circuit Court room.
In the morning the large number of legis
lators who are expected will spend their
time securing accommodations. There
are only three small hotels here.
Guard for Louisville.
LOUISVILLE, Feb. 4.— Late to-night it
was decided by General Castleman to or
ganize a guard In this city to be known as
the First Regiment.
Driven to Any Portion of the Human Body
by the Use of an Electric
Wave.
MEDICINES CONVEYED
THROUGH THE SKIN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YOKIC. Feb. 4.— Recent experiments in this city have shown the pos-l
Fibillty of conveying medicines through the skin and into any portion of the
human body by placing them in the path of an electric current. Gout, rheuma
tism and consumption are now being treated by using electricity to convey
Cmz* to the affected parts, and, while no positive cures have been wrought,
results have been attained that seem to demonstrate the value of the new
treatment.
Dr. Samuel G. Tracy says: "Electricity was employed in 1559 by Richard
son in England to produce voltaic narcotism. Nothing practical came of ex
periments made at that time.
"Cataphoric action is purely a physical process. It may be illustrated by
an equal amount of liquid in two receptacles separated by a membrane and
parsing an electrical current through from one to another. The liquid will
flow through the membran** in the direction of the current, from the positive
toward the negative pole. Now. If a drug Is placed In n specially prepared
positive electrode, which is "held against any portion of the body, and a nega
tive electrode Is applied to anotoher portion of the body, medicine will be
driven through the skin and taken up by the blood vessels and fluids of the
body.
"Among the uses to which cataphoric action may be put Is local anes
thesia. Cocaine applied in this way will produce anesthesia in from five to ten
minutes. This application will relieve local pain, neuralgia, rheumatism and
sciatica.
"Consumption is treated by using a epeclally constructed positive elec
trode, which fits over the chest. The medicine applied to this Is carried to
the lungs, when the negative pole is placed at the back. Experiments are
now being made at St. Luke's Hospital for the cure of consumption in this
manner. Formaldehyde Is used, and the results are said to be very satisfac
tory-
"As an important adjunct In the treatment of diseases this comparatively
new method of administering drugs has come to stay."
Dr. Tracy Is a graduate of Bellevue Medical College, and was electrical
Instructor for several years at the Post Graduate Hospital.
terday morning. He was very drunk, and
on retiring he accidentally turned on t!ie
gas. He was found in bed unconscious
about 9 o'clock and was sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where he soon recovered
Legislature and the State officers, whom,
the members of that party look upon as
being in authority. Just what form these
measures will take will not, it Is an
nounced, be made public for the present.
An atempt to forcibly divest Adjutant
General Collier of the authority he exer
ciess under Governor Taylor is not In line
with the Democratic plans. Their move
ments, it Is believed, will be entirely de
fensive.
General Castleman, in his letter of ac
ceptance to Governor Beckham. says:
"Every citizen should serve his State.
Business obligations unusually - exacting
require my attention. Impelled by a sense
of duty. to unite with you in the hope of
Influencing a peaceful solution of the dif
ficulties which discredit Kentucky, I hope
that you will accept my services as tem
porary adjutant general, and without
compensation. I shall do whatever I can
to support your administration and servo
the commonwealth."
Beat His Mother.
Meyer Gold was arrested last night, and
charged at the City Prison with disturb
ing the peace on complaint of G. Altmark,
a lodger in Gold's mother's house. Alt
mark claims that Gold was beating his
mother and little sister, and when he tried
to prevent It turned on him.
REV. E. J. LION.
SPECIAL, services celebrating the
twenty-fifth anniversary of the
founding of St. Stephen's parish
were held yesterday in the sacred
edifice, on Fulton street, near Webster.
Rev. E. J. Lion, who for a quarter of a
century has presided over the destinies
of the parish, conducted the services and
preached an eloquent sermon in the mortj
ing. In the evening tho Rt. Rev. Bishop
Nichols delivered an interesting address,
in which he congratulated the rector and
the congregation on the great work ac-
ST. STEPHEN'S
ANNIVERSARY
Oceanic and Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse.
They are to displace about 18,400 tons, and
will" stfam close to twenty knots an
hour in their passage between San Fran
cisco and the Orient. There will be luxu
rious apartments for 150 first-class pas
sengers, their" staterooms, dining and
smoking rooms, social halls, libraries and
grand saloons being placed amidship,
while aft and forward there will be ample
accommodations for 1200 steerage passen
gers.
The steamers will be 875 feet in length
over all. or 550 feet between perpendlcu
larp. The molded beam will be 63 feet,
while the depth of hold •will be 40 feet.
The gross tonnage will be 12,000, which
is the same size as the Campania, Lu
canla. Cymric, Graf Waldersee and Penn
sylvania. They will both be driven by
quadruple expansion engines, the total
Indicated horse-power of which will be
18,000. The cylinders of these engines will
each measure 35, DO, 70 and 100 inches in
diameter, by C6-inch stroke of piston. In
each ship there will be six double-ended
and two single-ended cylindrical Scotch
boilers, each 16 feet In diameter. Tha
working pressure will be 200 pounds to the
square inch. All modern accessories, such
as electric lighting plant. Ice-making ma
chine, steam steering gear, etc., will be
Included In the general outfit.
The first of the new steamers will be
called the California and she will be ready
for service about January next. The pio
neer steamer of the Pacific Mail Company
was the California, which sailed from
New York for San Francisco on October
6, IS4S. She was a fide-wheeler of 1086
tons, and did yoeman service for the con
cern.
The Fteamer Humboldt will sail next
Friday for Eureka. She will take on some
passengers and freight there and will
then proceed to Seattle. At the latter
place nhe will be refitted and will again go
Into the Skaguay run. Max Kalish, the
popular agent of the vessel, will go north
on her.
Captain Thomas of the City of Puebla
will go out as master of the Walla Walla
this morning. Captain Hall, the regular
commander of the vessel slipped on a
banana peel on Market street Saturday
nlpht. and. falling, broke his leg.
William Simmons and Peter Hansen
were arrested at the ferries yesterday
morning by Officer Campion for riding
their bicycles on the sidewalk. >»o bond
clerk could be found at the City Hall, so
the men could not got out on ball. They
spent all day in a cell at the Harbor Po
lice Station, and were sent to the City
Prison at night. It is safe to say that
Simmons and Hansen will not ride their
"bikes" among the crowd at the ferry de
pot again in a hurry.
Pacific Mail Company's New 12,000-Ton Steamer California.
complished and prayed for a continuation
of the same.
In honor of the occasion special mus'c
was rendered by the vested choir, which
is composed of Miss Edith Wadsworth,
Miss lVPettis, G. Bird, H. M. Hlbbani,
Miss Edith Evans, Miss Lilian Generaux.
Miss Belle Evans, Miss E. Welson, Miss
Hussey, Miss Hannah, Mr. Rainey, H.
Clawson, Mr. Delemeda, B. Georges; Miss
Pauline Pettis and Roscoe Warren Lucy,
organist.
Key. Mr. Lion chose "The Guidance of
God" as the text of his sermon. He told
of the gradual advance of St. Stephen's
Church and what it had accomplashed
since 1875. He said the regular work of
the church began in the latter year; thit
in the following year the money necessary
for the purchase of the present site was
raised, which amounted to over $5000. and
a building, now a portion of the parish,
was erected at a cost of 51750. By ISSI a
debt of $1500 was cleared and there was
enough money left in the fund to erect
the building which has ever since been
used for worship. In IS9I the old building
was rebuilt at a cost of $2700 and trans
formed into a parish building. During
Mr. Lion's rectorship 9C2 people have been
baptized, 337 confirmed, 431 marriages have
been celebrated and he conducted 872
burials. St. Stephen's stands fifth in the
order of parishes in Its donations to mis
sions.
RIVAL CLOAK
MAKERS CAUSE
A SMALL RIOT
Several Persons Hurt
in the Melee.
THREE MEN UNDER ARREST
BOTH SIDES CHARGED WITH
BEING AGGRESSORS.
Different Versions of the Cause of
the Trouble Given by Union
and Non-Union
i ¦ Hen.
The union men who were) discharged
from the employ of Davidson & Miller,
the cloak firm engaged In business at 729
731 Market street, and the non-union men
now in the employ of the firm have come
to blows. A collision between the rival
workmen at Seventh and Mission streets
yesterday afternoon resulted in a small
sized riot, in consequence of which two
of the non-union men were treated at the
Receiving Hospital for lacerated wounds
on the forehead, while three of the union
cloakmakers were arrested on charges of
battery.
Word was sent to. the Southern police
station at about 4 o'clock that a big row
wasJn progress at Seventh and Mission
streets, and several policemen were driven
to the spot in the Datrol wagon. On their
arrival they found that two/non-union
employes of the firm— H. Stecher of 643
Stevenson street and J. Farblsten of 61<*
Natoma street— had received wounds on
the forehead. They were sent to the Re
ceiving Hosuital for treatment. Both
claimed they had been struck by canes.
B. Farbisten had been struck on the face,
but was not injured sutllciently to require
medical attention.
M. Kosman, a union man, was arrested
and charged with battery for engaging in
fisticuffs with Stecher near Seventh and
Minna streets. T. Solomon and Max Her
man were afterward recognized among
these who followed the patrol wagon to
the hospital, as having taken part in the
melee, and they were arrested on similar
charges. All three were at once released
upon furnishing cash ball.
In discussing the matter last evening.
David M. Davidson said the trouble arose
three weeks ago over the firm employing
a non-union man and also a boy as an
apprentice. The men had not gone out
on strike, according to Mr. Davidson's
version, but had been discharged.
"We discharged eighteen men," he de
clared, "because the union attempted to
say whom we should employ. Their
places have been filled by twelve non
union employes. The union men were all
paid from 53 to J4 50 a day, and the only
thing that caused trouble was the union
interference. The union men have been
told they can return to work whenever
they cease to make the union a factor in
proceedings."
The union members who were arrested
claimed that their adversaries started the
trouble yesterday and that the union
could not justly be blamed for what fol
lowed. As regards the origin of the trou
ble, their version was that the firm had
broken certain promises and forced th«
employes to take the action resulting in
their discharge.
BLOODSHED AVERTED
FOR THE PRESENT
Continued from First Page.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1900.
SIX MONTHS OF RELIEF
WORK BY ODD FELLOWS
Turned on the Gas.
Ascelo Torres, employed in a tannery,
hired a room at 25 Third street early yes-
BEST"-
WORLD!
THE ELECTRIC BODY BELT BT WHICH
I apply my new method of treatment is the
ljest in the world; etroncest, most durable, most
erpens!\'eljr made, most convenient to use, most
effective In curing. \Jpon the ee points I will
guarantee It upon a bond cf &000.
With all this, an electric belt can do no rood
without knowledge of how to apply it. This is
my method, learned in the past twenty years.
In which I have cured M.OOO caees. I give every
patient the beneflt of my experience; hence the
i::tr.y cures after everything else has failed.
You feel the current at once. No burning, but
a gentle, soothing warmth. Warranted one
year, without any expense for renewals.
Call and tee it. or write for book. free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
70S Market rt.. cor. Kearay. S. F.; Burdlck
block, cor. sfpnaj and Second sts., Los Angeles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r CLEARANCE
SALE
FOR THIS MONTH— Sereral odd lota of S&oot
which ws want to clean out befjr» iprlng
cornea. We are making low prices as aa In-
ducement to aell quick.
LADIES= r SHOES.
$4.00 French Kid. cola to*, hand Mwad Ike*
shoes JJ2JSO
$3.00 Glazed Kid, coin toe. patent leather tip,
cloth or kill top. button «l.lm
$6.00 Suede Kid Oxford*, four shades.. ..BXJlO
$4.00 Tan Shoes In button or lace 41.2S
IT and S3 French Kid. plain toe. button sho«s—
broken sixes SI.OO
52.50 Kid Oxfords, broken sizes fI.OO
$3.00 Herber Shoes^ — A few broken sixes la but-
ton shoes and slippers 450
200 pairs Ladies' Kid. button and lace, odd
lots, formerly SS.OO, $3.00 and 1400 at propor-
tionate reductions.
Ladles wearing A. B and C widths, sissa ]
to 4, can find some rare values here.
GENTS 7 ~SHOES.
17.00 Patent Leather, cloth top, button sao*«,
pointed toes— best makes— nearly all sizes..
52.50
S3.SO Calf, double sole, round or square toe...
*2JZS
$3 on Patent Leather Lace or Conrresa. squar*
toe — best makes— odd sizes .%IJiO
53. 00 Boys' Shoes, calf, button, sewed, sizes
JH to « 91.00
$3.50 Youths' Shoes, calf, button, broken.
lots fIJSi
MISSES' and CHILDREN'S SHOES.
$2.00 Misses* cloth top. button or lace, cola or
square toe, sizes U to 2 51.25
51.75 ChUds' square toe, cloth or kid top. but-
ton shoes SI.OS
$2.60 Misses' patent leather, button, plain
square toe 050
11. 75 ChUds' glazed kid. coin toe, restlns top,
lace shoes Sso
11.00 Infants* cloth or kid top. patent leather
tip, button shoes 600
Lots of Bargains— First
comers, of course, have
the choicest selections.
830832-834 MARKET STREET.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
atrmnm Assertions mm to Jnit W%a«
th« Remedies Will Do.
Munyoa rumotee*
/ g^BgßCffp^Ev tb*t bts Rbmunatlsio
sfptgf^fliWif^ Car* will cor» nearly
aGWEffißaHt, ••! etttm at rienaja-
BrtT Ufm la ¦ '«» boars;
sET £HB I 5* £ bl> Dy'J^l^ta Cur*
9n lEaw w1 » cure indigestion ami
* %tSf m's*iuT~llmF ¦"" •t«*n«ea troubles:
\f- tJ »" t hl » Kldaej Oar»
\ y«JteSST ?f? f 'J 1 " le * or kWa «T
V £-s9XV trouble; that Ms Ca-
/+r "Ssw tsrra Cur» will cur*
.^i*4)KJ^»»»ggff > S- «t«rrti no matter how
•sft^fe»ftJflrVK3»K lonj standing th»t bis
\vl Headache Cur» will cur.
1 I P? an 7 klad c ' *«*<!*cae In
i I T' • few minutes; that
¦'• ...CoM Ours win
tarn of cold .«d so on thl^h't^tlr.Xt'X
Wined!-. At .1! drorei.ts. 23 centsTlui
Weak Men and Women
CHOriLD USE DAMIANA BITTEKB. THH
M£J?w* .Mcxl. Mcxlc * 1 > . wmedy; *Wes health and
•trtasta to ¦exu&l organs. Depot, C 3 Markst.
6
»How Judges Barry and Cabaniss Were Saved From Gracec
CLARENCE TORRENCE, a colored bellboy, Is either a martyr to the
bench or a bigger prevaricator that was Munchauseru Clarence la
only a. bellboy and follows that active calling In a lodging-house on
Sutter street. Clarence has also developed a thirst for liquid refresh
ment that can only be satiated by large quantities Of cooling bever
ages. His thirst has often lead him Into trouble, but with that happy disposi
tion so peculiar to his race he has wriggled out of tight places by the use of
a glib tongue, backed up with an Imagination that is worthy of a better
cause.
Torrence was one of thirty-seven Individuals who, having partaken too .
freely of the flowing bowl, had been gathered under the protecting wing
of a benevolent policeman and transported to a dark and gloomy cell to
sleep off the effects of his nocturnal debauch. Along with thirty-six other
partly sobered men of all conditions of servitude the Inebriated colored man
loomed up before Judge Conlan yesterday morning to turn the Judge's Sab
bath dream Into a nightmare. The Judge was, therefore, not in the best
Btate of , mind, and ho took occasion to point out the error of the ways of
those who bowed their enlarged heads before him.
The Judge's state of mind was due In a great measure to the fact that
Sunday sessions of the Police Courts will hereafter be held for th« benefit
of the "drunks" of Saturday night. Before the charter went Into effect ; it
was customary for the Saturday drunks to be discharged Sunday after hav
ing been twenty-four hours in -Jail. Under the new charter, however, every
one arrested, even on a "drunk" charge, must be tried, so to avoid keeping
the drunks in Jail from Saturday to Monday, the Police Judges have de
cided to follow a custom in vogue in the East— a. Sunday session of the
court. The Judges will pass the turn around,, and Judge Conlan took the
llrst assignment.
Clarence had his swollen cranium tied up in a cooling bandage, and
when the court Inquired • into his. case the colored boy, with a blush, told
his "Honah" how he fell while trying to say© Judges Barry and Cabaniss
from a like fate. He mumbled:
"Well, yo Honah, ah was at a pahty last night at Taylor and Turk
streets. A gemman : ln the Tnx Cullectoh's ufflce invited a few frens to sup
pah and ah was engaged as a waitah. Jedge Cabaniss and Jedge Barry
were there, yo*. Honah, and the boss told me. to look aftah them. Well, yo*
Honah, ah'se-proud to, say ah did it to their satisfaction. ¦ They had a big •
thirst, yo' Honah, and they made me drink' moah than was good fore me.
An doan know how ah got this cut on ma head, but ah 'sDose ah must have
fallen."
"Well." said his Honor, "as you looked so well after the comfort of the
two Judges I will let you go, but be careful in the future if' you should'
have to look after them again."
Both Judge Cabaniss and, Justice of the Peace Barry -are noted * for
temperance, and Clarence Torrence had been stretching the truth. He was
found face downward on the sidewalk on Taylor street *near Turk, about 4
o'clock yesterday morning. by Policeman Joy and sent to the Receiving Hos-
HOME STUDY COURSE
lI.— TWENTY LESSONS IN
TRENCH CONVEBSA
TION.
Published Tuesdays in The
Can Francisco Call. Begin
ning Tuesday, February 20,
1900.
? fl^ii 3HE semi-annual meeting of the San Francisco relief committee of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows was held yesterday In the Eureka Hall
Jl of the Odd Fellows' building. There was a large attendance, drawn hy
the prospect of a contest for the office of president, the principal can
didates being the vice president, F. L« Turpln. past grand of Pacific Lodge,
and George W. Montelth of Sargenc Lodge.
The reports presented showed 'hat during the past six months the com
mittee had investigated and had given relief In 253 cases; that at the previous
meeting there
$I(jS W) 3.ntl contri" & '.^¦^jysSsß^^oS^fcir'' .¦¦¦¦¦" ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ••¦ ffirfff^^^ifr^"^^''frffl r^^H^i
relief the sum :i '" -^ "*'^ i : "-^^^B.^*2^^2-Sh^SKvw^3i<«^3
ship fund $283 and fi^^H ?i *¦ ?-^^l^H
Neumann of
c^^d^wa 1 ; F * L TURPIN, Pi G., the New President.
elected vice president, J. F. Nichols of Parker Lodge was unanimously re
elected secretary and H. F. Neunaber of Yerba Buena Lodge was unan
imously re-elected treasurer. The officers were then Installed by Hamilton H.
Dobbin of Aboii Ben Adhem Lodge by the retiring president, after which J. J.
Applegate of Apollo Lodge, on behalf of the relief committee, presented the
retiring president a beautiful gold badge. After the presentation the newly
installed president extended to every member of the committee aa tsTitatlon
to a banquet at a popular restaurant. An excellent dinner was *err»4. aail
after the black coffee J. J. Applegate, the toastmaster, called epea a. nsssber
of those present for responses to toasts, prior to which the host rr.-j'.t a few
remarks, and Vice President Neumann also said a few words. **Ocr Orfi»r"
was responded to by Grand Secretary George T. Shaw, "The Graad Lodge"
by Deputy Grand Master W. "W. Watson, "The Relief Committee" by L L
Remy. "Duty of Committeemen" by Past President A. G. Clark. True Fel
lowship and Nonsense" by Past President James A. Wilson. "Veteran Odd
Fellows" by W. F. Norcross. "The Cantons" by Colonel H. O. Brower. ""The
Good of the Order" by Past President Dobbin. "Why Turpln Had an Op
ponent" by John H. Gray, "The Degree Lodge" by A. Klngsford, "The Ger
man Lodge" by Emil Neimeier and volunteer remarks by Albert Steiner and
W. A. S. Nicholson.
The new president is a most energetic Odd Fellow. He has as an Individ-^
ual brought more men Into the order than any other member. His record Is*
fifty-eight.
Those present were: J. J. Appler*te, W. J. Anderson. G. H. Andr-ws, F. D.
Brandon, A. H. Breckwoldt. 11. R. Bohm. H. O. Brower. A. G. ClarSc. N. A- Carl
eon, W. B. Curtis, 11. 11. Dobbtn. H. Dow, George Dernlg. E- Dauscher. B. E.
Drees. F. P. Duley. J. Erickson, L. T. Fenn. M. P. Forbes, J. M. Fisher. J. A.
Foster, A. A. Frledlander. J. H. Gray, O. Gustofson. C. A. H&gstrom. J. H. Han
sen. S. J. Hart. T. P. Jarvis, I*. Jonas. A. Klnrsford, master of Degre* Lodge:
Louis Kragen. district deputy grand master: John Kuehn. C. H. Kornbeck. Edward
Lutley. W. S. Layton, W. A. Limbaugh. J. M. Lowrie. C. Merchon. S. G. Mc-
Donald. C. G. Meyer. W. L. Neuser. T. R. Mann. J. M. McQueen. W. F. Norcross.
J. F. Nichols, M. Neumann. M.D.. W. A. S. Nicholson. V. F. Northrup, H. F. Nea
naber. 11. D. Neinhaus. A. 11. Nowell, Emtl Neimier. J. G. Obram. F. H. Pike,
N. M. Peterson. J. Rose, L. L. Remy, F. J. Smithson. Grand Secretary G«org« T.
Shaw, Albert Stetner. Dr. RalDh J. Shlrman, Paul Saulnier. Georse Sherman. 8.
Saywell. E. C. Stock. F. L. Turptn. A. Turpln. Thomas Tlppett. G. A. Trautner.
Jack Thompson, M. Trotter. Deputy Grand Master W. W. Watson. James A. Wil
son, L. Winton, A. Wagner, A. J. Wells, W. J. Wilson, J. N\ Young and H. H.
Zobel.
F. L TURPIN, X G., the New President.Amateur Baseball.
Lash's Bitters baseball team defeated
the Heesemans at the Eighth and Harri
son street grounds yesterday afternoon,
by a score of 5 to 0. The feature of the
game was the splendid pitching of Per
rlne of the Heesemans, only one hit being
made off his delivery.
HONORED A BRAVE AND
SKILLFUL CAPTAIN
SHELL MOUND SHOOTING.
The only shooting organization that put
In an appearance- at the Shell Mound
ranges yesterday was the Independent
Rifles, in its regular monthly medal shoot.
Several other clubs were scheduled to
shoot* but were prevented for various rea-.
sons. Following are the individual scores
of the Independent Rifles:
Corporal P. Schonlg, 41; Sergeant O. Mitchell,
40; Sergeant C. Andrews, 40: J. H. Kulke, 40;
Sergeant H. Schllchtmann. 40: Corporal G.
VTorthlngton. 33; R; V. Blther. 37; H. Goetjen,
37; F. Wild. 33: Lieutenant H. Hansen. 2S; H.
Felix. 27; C. H. Meyerdlcks. 24; H. Marxholf,
STOCKTON COURSING.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STOCKTON. Feb. 4.-The results of the
coursing at Goodwater Grove to-day fol
low: • r
Forslve beat Arlon; Sarah Gold beat Hair
brain: Cash In beat Clara Barton: Fireball beat
Iron Duke; Rowdy Boy beat Medium; Risky
Attempt beat Geyser; Winning La«!e beat
Robin AiJalr: Mountain Belle beat Nonpareil;
Kerry Gow beat Sunbeam; Prlnc* of Fashion
beat Hazel L,; Glen Roy beat Clifton Loss; Old
Glory beat Joker; Belle C beat Jack; Shoot
over b*at Sweet Briar; Random Aim beat Fire
fly; Wheel of Fortune beat Florence N; Rough
Rider beat Tip; Alberta beat Lucy O.
Second round— Sarah Gold beat Forgive: Cash
In beat Fireball: Risky Attempt beat Rowdy
Boy; "Wlnnlny Lassie beat Mountain Belle;
Prince of Fashion beat Kerry Gow; Glen Roy
beat Belle C; Shootover beat Old Glory. The
supply of hares ran short and the final was
postponed until next Sunday.
Death of Mrs. H. E. Stanton.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4.— Hannah E. Stanton
died of old age early this morning at the
borne of her daughter, Mrs. Edwin C. Mor-
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW* YORK— Arrived Feb 4— Btmr La Cham
pagne, from ¦ Havre; stmr Patrla. from Ham
burg . ...... - . . -
Water-Front Cutting Atfair.
William Furtado, residing at 28 Baker
street, was stabbed by Louis Nunez on
Jackson street, near Davis, last night.
The Injured man was treated at the Har
bor Receiving Hospital, and It required
fifteen stitches to dress the wound, which
extended to within half an inch of the
jugular vein. Nunez was arrested by
Officers Donahue and McGinnis and
booked at the Harbor police station on a
charge of assault to murder.
Pioneer Woman Dead.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4— Mrs. Sarah E.
Capell, who was probably the oldest wo
man pioneer in Oakland, died this after
noon of heart failure and old age. She
came across the plains from" Kentucky In
IK3 with her sister and her sister's hus
band. SRSSS
Shortly after her arrival she was rnar
ritd to William Capell. who died about
fotir years ago, while he was a member
of the City Council. The deceased wan
at one Uroe a prominent member of Oak
land society, but of late rars her ex
treme age has prevented ncr from per
forming social duties. At the time of her
death ehe was 70 years of age. and had
resided at 1219 Eighth avenue for the
pa»t tnirty-n>e years.
The deceased left four children—Wil
liam R. Capell of -Wells. Nev.; Miss Hat
tie E. Capell of New York and Howell E.
and Mattle A. Capell of this city. No date
has yet been arranged for the funeral.
Burglary on Lombara Street.
The home of Pierre Pieroptl, 328 Lom
bard street, was robbed early last even
ing and some jewelry stolen by the house
breakers. Entrance was effected by the
front door, which was smashed in.
Pieroptl returned home between 9 and 10
o'clock, when he discovered that his
bouse had been forcibly entered. Officer
John O'Brien reported the burglary to
the California-street Station. Pleropti is
a fruit dealer on Dupont street.
Pistol Shop Destroyed.
NORWICH. Conn., Feb. 4.— Fire this
morning burned to the ground the Hop
kins Sc Allen pistol shop, and partly de
stroyed several other buildings. Loss
$400,000. ',-
"The Real Cause of War."
The Universal Brotherhood meeting
held In Academy of Sciences Hall last
evening was addressed by G. H. H
Somers on "The Real Cause of War "
The speaker said the first war occurred
In the individual and was between the
higher divine nature of man and his
lower or animal nature. The speaker
said the real warrior was the divine man
who waged conflict for the control of the
other. Continuing In the same strain
Mr. Somers delivered an exceedingly in
teresting discourse, which was practically
a plea for the divine In humanity.
Supposed Suicide.
Mrs. Celestine Portier, a wealthy widow
well known in the French colony in this
city, recently directed a communication
to P. A. Bergerot, her attorney, stating
that she had grown tired of life and
would kill herself. She has been reported
as missing by her friends to the Morgue
officials, but her body, if she be dead, has
not yet been recovered. About eight
months ago Mrs. Portler's husband, a
wealthy land-owner, died in this city.
The death preyed heavily on her mind
and since that time she has been subject
to spells of melancholy. Her health has
been poor for a number of years and at
one time she was an inmate of the
French Hospital. Her physical condition
contributed to her weakened mind and
her friends express the fear that she has
kept her threat and ended her existence.
In the letter Mrs. Portier stated that she
would drown herself.
Conditor Verein Ball
The California Conditor Vereln gave a
grand conecrt and ball in Techau audito
rium last evening commemorative of the
fifth anniversary of the society, which Is
an organization composed of the leading
confectioners of the city. At a meeting
held a short time ago the following ol
ficers of the society were elected, and It
is to their efforts that last night's success
must be attributed: W. J. Claus. presi
dent: G. Conens. vice president; A. Hueb
ner, secretary: F. Ebert. treasurer; T.
Schenke and F. Kosmale,' trustees.
CARDINAL GIBBONS
TALKS OF ROBERTS CASE
In a Sermon .Declares That Congress
Acted Properly in Ousting
the Mormon.
BALTIMORE, Feb. -4.— Cardinal Gibbons
preached to-day at high mass at the Ca
thedral, taking as his text, "What God
hath Joined together let no man put asun
der." Incidentally, he expressed in decid
ed terms his opinion regarding the Rob
erts case, saying:
"Respect for womanhood makes us ap
prove the refusal of the House of Repre
sentatives to allow Congressman Roberts
of Utah a seat among the nation's law
makers. As a Mormon he can have no
proper respect for women and he was
rightly and Justly rebuked.
"It was not a question of constitutional
rights or interpretation of the laws. His
constitutional rights have nothing to do
with the case, which resolves itself sim
ply into a question regarding the attitude
of the country toward the women of the
United States. In casting him out Con
gress paid a tribute to American woman
hood. To have allowed him to take his
seat would have been to countenance the
degradation of the holiest estate of man.
It was a victory for the right and Con
gress deserves credit for recognizing the
law which Is hieher than any other."
SIX INJURED AT A
BIG CHICAGO FIRE
Floor Collapses, Pinning Four Fire
men in the Debris, and One of
the Men May Die.
CHICAGO, Feb. 4.— Four firemen and
two spectators were Injured during the
progress of a fire at the basket factory
of John S. Benedict at 234-240 North Green
street, to-day. One of the injured fire
men may die. The injured:
Captain William Bergman, right leg
broken and burned about body; may die.
Lieutenant Frank . Nlgg, burned about
face and hands.
Paul Baumgarten, hurt about back, face
and hands. ¦ s
Martin Geary, injured about back and
legs. ¦ .
Mrs. Rosa Wagada. 39 years of age, in
jured by porch giving way at a house op
posite the burning building, while watch-
Ing the fire.
Sophie Kolomba, 13 years of age, In
jured similarly.
Bergman, Geary, Baumgarten and Nlgg
were in the second story when the floor
caved in. pinning all four In the ruins.
They were rescued with difficulty.
The pecuniary loss was small.
News From Dawson.
VICTORIA, B. C., Feb. 4.— The steamer
THE BACKSLIDING OF A
MINISTER OF THE GOSPEL
Rev. E. Nelander of the First English
Lutheran Church last night preached on
"The Backsliding or a Minister of the
Gospel." In part he said:
In Acts xlli:U we learn of th* backsliding
of no lees a personage than John Mark, the
author of the second gospel. 'Whether It «»
homesickness, fear or a lack of sympathy with
the Pauline expedition Into Pamphylla is un
certain, but there was in any case a lack of
consecration. Who!eneartedne«is Is ta» secret of
success in any enterprise. It is a sine qua
non In the ministry. It Is related of Alclbtades
that when a mere lad h« was playing at dice
In a narrow street, when a chariot drew near.
Aldbtades disputed the road with the char
ioteer by casting himself prostrate. "Out of
my way!" cried the charioteer. "Drive on!"
answered the lad. No coachman drives over
anybody under those conditions; he alone Is in
danger who stands midway on the crossing,
divided betwixt two. But whether in boyish
play or In Christian service, more especially
In that of the ministry, the truth holds that
abandon means ultimate success. God asks
not ours, but ourselves, and he will have no
less. It Is a pleasure to learn from the sequel
that Mark outgrew Ma narrow-minded con
ception of the gospel. In the meantime he
did well to quietly step out of the ministry
until n« was ready for a complete consecra
tion.
CAPTAIN HERBERT.
OAKLAND, "Feb. 4.— For ' the able
manner In which he handled his
vessel and brought ship and cargo
and crew out of danger, the men on
the Highland Light have presented Cap
tain Herbert with a gold watch.
The vessel encountered a terrific storm
Just after she left Oyster Harbor on her
last trip here, and for forty days the
ship battled with head seas and head
winds. Her rudder was broken and her
bowsprit had been carried away, and only
the cool Judgment and nautical skill of
her captain kept her from being driven
ashoro. Going on the rocks in such
weather would have meant the loss of
everything and every life aboard, and \it
is this the men wish to show they appre
ciate.
The Highland Light Is owned by George
E. Plummer & Co. of San Francisco. She
is now discharging her load of coal from
Oyster Harbor In Oakland Creek.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
H. H. Rose of Pasadena is at the
Grand.
J. B. Collins, U. S. N., is at the Cali
fornia.
Joseph Goldman, a Merced merchant,
is at the Grand.
Mayor C. A. Starke of Santa Barbara
Is staying at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San
Juan are at the Palace.
T. S. Minton, a traveler from Scotland,
is a guest at the Occidental.
W. A. Bell is registered at the Occi
dental from London, England.
M. C. Healion, a wealthy business man
of San Diego, is at the Palace.
Arthur Levinsky, the Stockton attor
ney, is registered at the Palace.
M. A. Murphy, one of the best-known
residents of Carson, Nev., Is at the
Palace.
Dr. W. J. Wakeman, U. S. A., isTegis
glstered at the Occidental from Fort
Thomas, Ky.
C. 8. King of Baker City, Or., who is
largely interested in mining properties,
is at the Grand.
A. C. McLaughlin, a wealthy mine
owner of Yuba City, is among the recent
arrivals at the Lick.
F. Treskow, head chemist at the
Spreckels beet sugar factory at Crockett,
is a guest at the Grand.
George P. Rowell, the millionaire pub
lisher, of New York, is at the Palace, ac
companied by his wife. He is here on a
purely pleasure trip. ¦
C. George Krogness, the Chicago ad
vertising manager of The Call, is at the
Palace, en route to his home from Hono
lulu. Mr. Krogness' articles relative to
the Honolulu plague and fire are among
the best things that have appeared in any
of the great American dailies for some
time past.
ANOTHER FARCE,
BUT A DULL ONE
fTv? SUCCESS in New York does not
// \\ always mean a success In San
J{~~h Francisco. "The Cuckoo" as pre
sented last night by the Frawleys
stands for the truth of this statement.
As a play it has no value whatever, and
It has barely enough humor to carry it
| through as a farce. It has none of that
! forgivable kind of nonsense which.
! linked with clever lines and amusing
i situations, will make such a flippant
J creation as "In Paradise" entertaining
> from beginning to end. The plot or
i scheme of the thing, on the contrary, is
i neither adroit nor original, and most of
{ the situations are positively inane. These
I facts, taken with the interminable tria
| logues, dialogues and monologues,
' couched in language that Is painfully un
: natural and rigged out with the tawdry
i tricks of ineffective verbosity, make "The
; Cuckoo" slow for the first two acts and
j tedious in the third.
I am sorry that Mr. Frawley has missed
I It so badly this season, for his efforts to
! please are undoubtedly sincere, but he
' has erred In judgment from the first, and
' I am afraid "The Cuckoo" Is another
• eerious blunder. Its lack of entertaining
j qualities is more a reflection on the taste
!of New York, however, than on Mr.
: Frawley's Judgment, for he cannot be
. altogether blamed for staging a ' play
i with such a record of success.
The distribution is peculiar to say the
least, for none of the company seems to
i be happily cast except Mr. Armory, who
: usually contrives to make a good deal of
whatever part is assigned to him. Har
rington Reynolds is quite out of his ele
ment, and a number of small parts by
other members of the company are quite
unworthy of mention, either for their in
trinsic value or for the manner in which
they are handled.
Stockwell, who was especially engaged
for the part of Mr. Penfold. does not
give it any distinction whatever, and
Miss Van Buren recites her long, wordy
speeches, and indeed all her lines, as
though she were testing her memory. I
do not think u»at any actress, however
accomplished, could make much of such
a role as that of Mrs. Penfold, for there
is really nothing to it but words, words,
words. If Miss Van Buren hopes to at
tain to eminence on the stage, and she
certainly has promise of It. she should
begin to be a little more careful of her
language. Unfortunately the stage in
America is not a "well of purest English,
undefined," but It Is always grateful to
find some few of its upper artists with
care for the graces of speech. Miss Van
Buren would do well to learn the proper
pronunciation of "toward" and "com
plaisant." and also the difference in
meaning between "comtemptuous" and
"contemptible." PORTER GARNETT.
-• . . .
At the Columbia Theater this evening
the Bostonlans will inaugurate an engage
ment limited to eighteen nights and three
matinees. The opera for this week Is to
be Mlnkowsky's "The Smugglers of Ba<la
yez," which is from all accounts, a most
puccessful work. Among the singers with
the organization this season are Henry
Clay Barnabee, William H. Macdonald,
Helen Bertram, Marcia Van Dresser,
Frank Rushworth, Frederick Knlghis,
Josephine Bartlett and others. Next Mon
i day night the company will give the first
presentation on any stage of the now
Smith and Herbert opera, "The Viceroy."
Miss Mary Hampton will make her first
appearance at the Alcazar this evening in
Milton Royle's comedy, "Friends."
The attractions at the Orpheum this
week are Mr, and Mrs. Perkins Fisher in
a sketch by Ezra Kendall, Cyrus Daro,
the Michells, the Holloways and the Pur
the Trio. Paplnta and Sohlke's archipcl
agoans are among the holdovers.
To-night "Aladdin Jr." will be sumptu
ously staged at the Grand Opera-house.
The extravaganza was one of Henderson's
best efforts, and the present production
will be copiously supplemented by up-to
date specialties and elaborate scenery.
To-night "The Idol's Eye" will begin its
fourth week at the Tivoli. The success of
the opera has been remarkable, and the
demand for seats is such that no change
will be made in the programme for some
time to come, and "Manila Bound," which'
Is to be the next attraction, is postponed
Indefinitely.
"London Life" is being presented at the
Alhambra, to be followed by vltoscope
pictures of the Jeffries-Sharkey fight, be
ginning next Sunday afternoon.
There are the usual attractions at the
Chutes, with the addition of three new
specialties in the Free Theater.
Mrs. Adelaide Lloyd-Smith, dramatic so
prano, will give a concert at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s Hall on Tuesday evening.
The programme 1? an interesting one, and
Mrs. Lloyd-Smith's assistants are of the
best. The Mlnettl Quartet will play two
numbers, and Cantor Stark will sing. Mr.
Ellas Hecht will also contribute a flute
obllgato.
The first of the fortnightly concerts by
the Henry Holmes String Quartet .win
take place on Wednesday afternoon at
PATRONAL FEASTS AT
THE CATHOLIC CHURCHES
The sacred feast of the patron saint of
St. Brigid was celebrated yesterday
morning at St. Bricid's Church on the
corner Van Ness avenue and Broadway.
Father O"Ryan delivered the sermon,
which was panegyrical of the saint, and
told of the exalted place St. Brigid holds
In the heart of the Irish people.
The choir was augmented for the occa
sion and an extra solemn high maw was
given. Father Cottrell presided at the
high mass. Father Ryan serving as dea
con and Father McAullffe as subdeacon.
The services were impressively solemn
and were attended by a large number of
the parishioners.
At St. Francis" Church the forty hours'
devotional services began at 10 o'clock
yesterday morning and will end Tuesday
morning. Father McMann delivered the
morning sermon, his subject being the
real presence of the Holy Eucharist. He
said that from the words of the scripture
the Lord was present in the Holy Eucha
rist In body and blood, soul and divinity.
The sermon of the evening service was
delivered by Father Cullen of Sacred
Heart Church. The "Holy Communion"
was his subject. He said in part:
"Christ is present in the Holy Eucharist
and we should receive him worthily,
guarding against sacrilegious communion,
which Is a means of good confession.
Good confession is humble, sincere and
entire." *: ;;
ROBBED FRED FISHER.
Frank Burns, Leader of the Trio Ax-
rested, Positivelj Identified
in Prteon.
Frank Burns, alias Byrnes, the leader
of the trio of footpads captured at Ingle
slde Friday night by Policemen Dalton
and Taylor, will have a direct charge of
robbery to answer besides the two at
tempts on James Anthony's bartender at
Ingleside and Carl F. Penther, 44 Eighth
street.
Yesterday morning Burns, George Reed,
alias Thomas RUey, and John Allen were
brought out of their cells, along with
several other prisoners, and Fred Fisher.
755 O'Farrell street. Instantly Identified
Burns as the robber who pointed the re
volver at him Tuesday night at Page and
Lyon streets, while another robber threw
his arm around his neck and choked him
until a third relieved him of $22 60. He
had no opportunity of seeing the other
two, but the police are satisfied they were
Reed and Allen.
Burns and Reed apparently became ac
quainted at the County Jail. Burns on
August 16 last had a charge of grand lar
ceny reduced to petty larceny and got
six months In Jail. He was discharged
January 16. Reed, alias Riley, on Octo
ber 21 got three months for petty larceny
and was discharged January 9.
the California Theater. The programme
is as follows:
Quartet in D minor for two violins, viola and
violoncello, op. posth (Schubert), allegro, an
dante, con moto, scherzo, allegro molto, pres
to: Hong, "Elba's Dream," from "Lohengrin, "
In German (Warner). Ceclle Hardy; variations,
"God Preserve the Emperor" (Haydn), from
the string- quartet In C. op. 76: songr, "Since
First I Met Thee," In English (Rubinstein),
Oclle Hardy; quintet In E flat for pianoforte,
two violins, viola and violoncello (Schumann),
alleero brillante. In modo d'una Marcia. Un
poco largarnente, airltato. d. c. Marcia, scher
zr>. molto vivace, trio 1-11 d. c, scherzo, coda,
allegro un non troppo.
On Thursday afternoon Mile. Antoinette
Trebelll will give a farewell song recital
at the Grand Opera-house. The pro
gramme will comprise her best selections,
and the prices are to be popular.
rison, 2021 Summit streeet, whence the
funeral will take place on next Tuesday
morning. Deceased was a native of Ches
ter, Mass., aged 81 years. She came to
Oakland twenty-one years ago. Besides
the daughter nam<»d she leaves a son, J.
E. Stanton. residing In lowa.
Tees arrived to-night, bringing news from
Dawson up to January 3. Dawson men
report the trail open and the railway clear
and in operation. On January 29 a train
wreck occurred a mile and a half from
Skaguay, in which John Phillips was
killed and several others, all Indians, in
jured.
ROOSEVELT REGRETS
THE DEATH OF GOEBEL
Says, However, That the Beaa Politi-
cian Established a Violent and
Fatal Precedent.
ALBANY. N. V., Feb. 4.— Governor
Roosevelt received a dispatch this morn
ing telling of the death of Governor Goe
bel, and said:
;"It is to be regretted that acts of vio
lence can take place in this country, but
at the same time our sympathy must be
tempered by the realization that the dead
politician' himself established a violent
and fatal precedent. If further bloodshed
fs to come it must lie at the doors of those
who conspired to accomplish by force
what they failed, to accomplish by fraud
during the State election. Governor Tay
lor is entitled to the heartiest support of
every decent citizen In the United States
in his efforts to establish the fact that
the will of the people expressed at the
polsl is not to be thwarted by shotguns
and lawlessness." ¦ ¦ ¦
POSSIBLE UNION OF
BIG RAILWAY INTERESTS
Reports Concerning Operations of the
Great Northern Create a Great
Deal of Interest.
MILWAUKEE. Wis...Feb. 4.— The Sen
tinel to-morrow will say: The announce
ment from Minneapolis that the Great
Northern Railway Company had entered
Into an agreement with the Wisconsin
Central Company by which the latter
company was to have the use of the Great
Northern terminals at> Minneapolis has
caused a great deal of gossip in this city.
It has been announced repeatedly that
James J. Hill has had his ambition con
centrated in a transcontinental railway
system from the Pacific Coast to the At
lantic Coast. The Wisconsin Central Rail
way would, under proper conditions, give
him the connecting link which would ren
der that ambition an accomplished fact.
With the Great Northern extending from
St. Paul and Minneapolis to the Pacific
Coast and the Baltimore and Ohio Rail
way extending from New York and other
Atlantic Coast cities to Chicago, which he.
In conjunction with P. D. Armour and
Marshall Field of Chicago, some time ago
redeemed from bankruptcy and now own
and control, the function of the Wisconsin
Central in filling the gap to complete the
transcontinental Una is apparent.
Under the arrangements made at Minne
apolis the Wisconsin Central will run into
that city on the Great Northern tracks,
and will, It is said, build Its freight sta
tions on Great Northern lands, under a
leasehold. It is well known that the
Wisconsin Central a few months ago be
came involved in trouble over Its Chicago
terminals, and that it finally arranged to
enter that city over the Illinois Central
tracks. The latter are also used by the
Baltimore and Ohio Company, so that it
will be seen at a glance that a connec
tion is already complete, both at Minne
apolis and Chicago, so far as the ter
minals are concerned, for such a trans
continental line.
BRYAN GREETED BY
MASSACHUSETTS CITIZENS
HOLTOKE, Mass., Feb. 4.— Colonel W.
J. Bryan remained in this city all day and
went to bed early to-night. ,He attended
the service in the First Presbyterian
Church. At the close of the service Rev.
A. R. Pennel ushered him into the church
parlor, where for a half hour an informal
reception was held. The women crowded
around him. to quote the words of Elder
Forbes, "as If tney would tear him to
pieces."
When Mr. Bryan left the church those
who had comprised the congregation
massed themselves at the door and shout
ed, "Come a«rain, Mr. Bryan," to the evi
dent pleasure of their guest.
Mr. Bryan returned to his hotel and
later went out for a sleigh ride.
To-morrow Mr. Bryan will visit Pitts
field and North Adams, speaking at each
place, and on the following day he will
enter Connecticut, speaking at Hartford
and Bridgeport.
This will conclude Mr. Bryan's tour of
New England. On Wednesday he is
scheduled to speak in various points in
New Jersey. ¦
TO REVISE CUBA'S TARIFF.
Special Commissioner Pcrter to Con-
suit With General Wood.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— Robert P. Porter,
special commissioner of the United States
to Cuba, sailed to-day for Havana to con
sult with Governor General Wood and
General Sanger on a revision of the tariff
and in regard to the revenue systems of
the island.
"We expect to lower the present import
REV. DR. ADAMS
ON CLAIMS OF
PROTESTANTISM
Speaks at Congress
of Religions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
SOB Broadway, '¦ Feb. 4.
Rev George C. Adams, pastor of the
First Congregational Church of San Fran
cisco, to-night delivered the third of a
eerles of lectures at the "Congress of
Religions"' in the First Unitarian Church.
presenting "The Claims of Protestant Or
thodoxy on the Modern World." He said.
In part:
"I am not here to e-nter into controversy
with Gentile. Jew or Christian gentleman.
With the Jew we have no conflict, because
his theories are the foundation of our re
ligion; nor with the Catholics!. And when
Mr. Mills has the last shot on next Sun
day evening we will again realize that his
Christian character is due to Protestant
orthodoxy. The word Protestant covers
a vast ground. When we say Protestant
we think of Luther, who defied the Pope
end hurled his Inkstand at the devil.
When a man hurls epithets at John Cal
vin, remember there were needs of such
a man of Iron. He welded together the
magnificent architect of our religion.
Protestantism Is a growth, and there has
been Just as much change in Protestant
thought aa in anything else.
"Protestantism nas been a protest to in
fallibility, not a protest against true
Catholicism or the good priesthood and
the Christianity that is responsible to a
personal Christ. Orthodoxy means right
thinking. Protestant orthodoxy comes to
the world with an open Bible — not the
Bible chained to the pulpit. I believe the
Bible ehould be placed in the hands of
tvery one. with the Protestantism revi
sion. Protestantism that ie orthodox holds
the j>ioie as the medium from which the
rreat truth comes. Take that Bible and
U\e on it and tell us what it does for you.
Criticize it If you will, but live on it.
"The most intellectual thinkere of the
world are constantly studying the Bible
to find why, when and by whom the Bi
ble was written. Protestant orthodoxy
doea not persecute. The theory of evolu
tion even brings men nearer to God to
day than ever before. The three forms of
life in which God reveals himself in the
Bible U In the Son, the Father and the
Holy Ghost. It is a reasonable theory of
the Trinity that the orthodox church
holds— of God in Christ and Christ in
flesh. If you see God manifest you can
tee God transcendent.
'.'Protestant orthodoxy Is of one opin
ion on conversion. It admits of the be
ginning and forgets the past life. It rec
ognizes evolution, t-egeneracy, regenera
tion and heredity. It is as possible for a
human being to go down to the lowest
depths as it Is f or nim to rise a new crea
ture and live a life he could not live be
fore. . .
"I am aware there are many orthodox
Protestant* who would differ with me
on points of public meetings and conver
sion, but still fishing is best to catch
thoae best worth having; the hand-picked
fruit is better than any other.
"Protestant orthodoxy believes In an ed
ucated conscience. Let a man come to
God and a*k him what he was meant to
be, and then let him be that and not try
to be as some one else. We believe that
each man's conscience should be a guide
to himself. Woe be to the man who makes
a man depart from his conscience — that
Indwelling God."
Next Sunday night Rev. B. Fay Mills,
the Unitarian minister, will present "The
Classics of the Liberal Religion on tne
Modern World."
RIOT IN CITY
OF SAN JUAN
One Man Killed and
Six Wounded.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico, Jan. 30.
—On the 24th inst.. while thft
Federals were celebrating their
victory at Fajardo, they met a Republican
parade. A collision ended In a riot, the
result of which was ihat one man was
killed and six seriously wounded. Four
teen of the town's best citizens are In
Jail charged with murder. The Federals
had secured permission to parade in order
to celebrate their victory. The Republi
cans had requested permission to parade
also, but were refused, as according to
the general orders governing elections
only one party can parade on the same
day. The Republicans decided to disobey
the orders, and marched to meet the
Federals.
When the victorious oarty saw the Re
publicans coming they charged their op
ponents. A fierce fight ensued; revolvers
and knives were drawn, blades flashed In
the sunlight and shots rang out The city
police were not on hand, but a squad of
Insular police charged the mob. and soon
quelled the riot.
duties on articles of food," said Mr. Por
ter to-day; "the difference In revenue will
be made up by Internal revenue taxes."
The horses of the Scots Greys, now- at
the seat of war in South Africa, have
been dyed khaki color, in order to render
them less visible to the enemy. -
Baseball at the Park.
Baseball teams representing Lowell
High School and Law College
played a seven-inning game yesterday on
Golden Gate Park athletic grounds. The
Lowells showed superior team work and
won by a score of 6 to 4.
Schoolboys at Handball.
Normand Hodgkinson and Fred Long
of the Lick School defeated Joseph
Broyer and Alexander Doran of the Mis
sion High School on Saturday in a match
fame of handball. The match was played
n the Olympic Club's fine court. The
score was 21—3, 21—8 and 21—15.
CALIFORNIA YACHT
CLUB MEN WILL QUIT
They Will Leave the Interstate Asso
ciation on Account of the
Racing Feature.
OAKLAND, V Feb. 4.— The California
Yacht Club contemplates withdrawing
from the , Interclub ' Yacht . Association.
The boat owners of the club held a
meeting to-day for the purpose of
drawing up the sailing programme for
the ensuing season, and the. matter of
withdrawing from the association was
thoroughly discussed.
It was decided to so amend the sailing
rules as to meet the emergency when the
club withdraws from the Interclub Asso
ciation. The rules heretofore governing
the California Yacht Club were under the
auspices of the association, and according
to some of the Californias the principal
feature of the Interclub Association 1b the
annual regatta for the Macdonough cup,
a trophy for the. fastest »cht In the thir
ty-foot class. This feature, they claim, is
beyond their capacity. The matter, how
ever, will be definitely semed at the next
meeting of the board of directors.
The sailing programme adopted by the
boat owners to-day is not so extensive as
those of former years. The opening doy
will be Saturday, April 28. to be followed
next day by a cruise in squadron. A
cruise to Vallejo and return is scheduled
for May 12 and 13, and for May 30 the an
nual club regatta Is set, the Wallace tro
phy regatta June 16, cruise to ParadUe
Cove, Angel Island. June 30 and July 1,
annual cruise up Sacramento River July
14 to 22, clambake August 11 and 12, three
days' cruise to Sulsun September 8, 9 and
10, cruise to Martinez September 22 and 23.
cruise to Vallejo October 6 and 7, closing
day October 20. last cruise in squadron
October 21. All other dates are open to
special orders.
Sport In the Handball Arena.
There was continuous play during yes
terday afternoon at Phil Ryan's handball
court, at 85S Howard street, and much en
thusiasm was manifested over the clever
work of some of the players, especially
the game between R. Linehan and W.
Magutre versus M. J. Kilgallon and J.
White. In which Maguire did some clever
hitting as well as shrewd inside work.
White, who is a very clever young player,
seemed to be a trifle off. and made sev
eral fumbles. The scores were: Linehan
and Maguire— 2l, 21. 7. 21. Kllgallon and
White— ls. 16, 21, 13. The other events of
the day were:
George McDonald and P. McKlnnon—
21. 13. 21..M. McNeil and D. Rodgers— l4,
21. 16.
" T. McManua and P. Hutchlnson— 2l. 21,
21. P. Kelly and G. Hutc.hinson— lo. 11, 17.
C. Smith and P. Munz— 2l. 19. 21. C.
Lakin and F. Carney— l7, 21. 13.
G. B. Hay ward and M. Basch— 2l, 7, 21.
E. McDonough and W. H. Kedian— 9, 21,
12.
H. J. Rodgers and E. J. Murphy— ZL 21,
ZL W. Fisher and I* Kenny— l9. 9, 15.
G. Smith and J. Condon— 2l, 16, 21. A.
McVlcker and T. Foley— ll, 21, 20.
W. Hassell and E. Antron— 2l, 12, 21. P.
Ryan and M. KJrby— l6, 21. 15.
R. Hausman and E. Toy— 2l. 17, ZL. E.
Curley and R. Murphy— l 4. 21. 13.
T. Serres and W. Johnson— 2l, 13. ZL E.
White and J. Glynn— l4, 21, 19. '33te@ffi
Union beat Petronius. 4-0: Sweet Emma beat
Rlenzl. 4—3; Vanity Fair beat Rollicking Airs,
4—3: Rona beat Jessica, 3—2; Cash beat Jennie
Wilson, 6—l; Sylvanus beat Echo. s—o; Forest
King beat Aeneas, 31—6: Royal Flush beat Pat
Rellly. 5—3; Marie beat Peptta, 5-0; Bad Boy
fc «at Carmenclta. 4—3.
Third round— Brutus beat Royal Union, 6—l:
Vanity Fair beat Sweet Emma, after a no go,
4—2; Rona beat Cash, s— o; Sylvanus ran a bye
with Petronius. as Forest King was with
drawn; Royal Flush beat Magic. 7-*: Bad Boy
ran a bye with Rest Assured.
Fourth round— Brutus beat Vanity Fair, after
ano go. 6— E: Sylvanus beat Rona, 7—l; Bad
Boy beat Royal Flush, s—l.
Sixth round-Bad Boy beat Brutus. 6— »; Syl
ranus ran a bye. .
Final— Bad Boy beat Sylvanus, B—l.
SAN MATEO PARK.
Ban Mateo Coursing Park was reopened
yesterday and the day's sport was dis
posed of without a hitch. Andrew Dean
filled the responsible position of judge
acceptably, giving general satisfaction.
The forty-eight-dog stake which formed
the card was won by J. O'Shea's Golden
Rule, with Gus Abercrorable's Victor
King runner-up. Golden Rule went
through the stake flying, defeating Frosty
Morn Connemara. Little Sister. Theron,
Ploughboy and, finally. Victor King.
One of the surprises of the day was the
defeat of Young America by Ploughboy.
the former being favorite at 2*£ to L
Young America ran with his head up for
a short distance and the hare seemed to
favor his opponent slightly. Victor King
had a hye in the fifth round with Gladi
ator, and surprised the bettors, who were
laying 3 to 1 against him, by winning.
The present venture gives every prom
ise of being more successful than the first
attempt to promote coursing on the same
field. The detailed results follow:
J. O'Shea's Golden Rule beat Sterl A
Knowles' Frosty Mom; J. Dean's Connemara
beat J. Watklns' Gladiator; C. L. Appleby's
Little Sister beat M. London's Sharkey; F. C.
Patterson's Fire Queen a bye. Bill Foster
drawn; E. H. Mulcaster's Ornament beat P.
Remelson's Dox Daze; T. Logan's Ml*s Grtzile
beat E. D. Fallon's Al: G. Whitney's Theron
beat J. Dean's Mlalmo; J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael beat W. N. Hong's Lady Norborne; T.
J. Cronln's Depend On Me beat J. Keenan's
Royal Oak: M. Dunlea's Erin beat E. Baumels
ter"s Winning Ways; J. Watklns' Merciful beat
J. Martenet's Bernal Chier; J. Martenet's
Bernal Boy beat J. Watkln's Merciless; J.
O'Shea's Young America beat T. Lud wig's
White Chief: G. Abercromlbe's Mies Rabbit a
bye. Garry Owen drawn: J. Dean's Gallant beat
J. P. Thrift's Forget: P. 3. Rellly's Ploughboy
beat J. Jones' Gallvant; F. A. McComb's Motto
beat M. B. Kavanaugh's Hard Lines; Gus Aber
eromble's Victor King beat F. A. McComb's
Miss Skyrocket; E. H. Mulcaster's Lass
o" Gowrie beat P. McKone's Rlgby: T. Logan's
Leah beat M. Nolan's Buckeye: J. Keenan's
Blacklock beat E. Baumeister's Warrior: M.
Tlernan's Mary Ann beat R. E. de B. Lopez's
Mike Davey: Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island
King beat L. Wlggtn's Dexter P; T. Sullivan's
Maid of the Hill beat F. G. Patterson's Fire
Laddie.
Second round — Golden Rule beat Connemara:
Little Sister beat Fire Queen; Miss Grizzle
beat Ornament; Theron beat St. Michael: De
pend On Me beat Erin: Bernal Boy beat Merci
ful: Young America beat Miss Rabbit: Plough
boy beat Gallant; Victor King beat Motto; Lass
o' Gowrie beat Leah- Blacklock beat Mary Ann;
Maid of the Hill beat Rock Island King.
Third round— Golden Rule beat Little Sister;
Theron beat Miss Grizzle; Depend On Me beat
Bernal Boy; Ploughboy l -at Young America;
Victor King beat Labs o' Gowrle; Blacklock
beat Maid of the Hill.
Fourth round— Golden Rule beat Theron;
Ploughboy beat Depend On Me; Victor King
beat Blacklock.
Fifth round— Golden Rule beat Plotighboy;
Victor King a bye.
Final— Golden Rule beat Victor King.
INGLESIDE COURSING
Hawker won the final in the open stake,
with Master Claire as runner-up at Ingle-
Bide Coursing Park yesterday. '
The day's results follow:
Open stake— H. F. Anderson's Crawford Braes
beat J. I. O'Brien's Statesman, 4—l; J. O" Shea's
Golden Gate beat H. A. Deckelman's Prince
George 6—o; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Rosie
Claire beat F. Moran's False Flatterer, 3—2;
A Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat J. O' Shea's
Young Flrenri, 7—5; Connell Brothers' Bt. Helen
beat J Cardlnell's Thornhtll Comet. 4—o; J.
H. Perlgo's Controller beat Kay Brothers' Sir
Rothwell. 8-0; F. C. Mack's Delia M bent S.
Mahoney's Chief of the Hill. 17—9; Sterl &
Knowles* Rusty Gold beat J. Mooney's Silent
Treasure. 2—o; D. Toland's Twilight Jr. beat
T. Harrington's Southerner, 6—o: Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Master Claire beat Lowe & Thomp
son's Flora McDonald, 6—o; E. M. Kellogg's
Lady Qllmore beat T. J. MeHugh's Moss Rose,
4— J; E. M. Kellogg"s Hummer beat P. Heran's
Martha Washington, 6—o; Lowe 4 Thompson's
King's Borderer beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan.
S — «; Connell Brothers' Dunmore beat J. H.
Perlgo's Pretty Girl, 6—l; T. J. Cronln's Vixen
beat T. A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott, 11— 6; E.
D. Fallon's Lily of the West beat Lowe &
Thompson's Little Fullerton, S— o; E. Geary's
Palo Alto beat J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory,
6—4: T. J Cronin's Wild Tralee beat T. Kevin's
Nellie N. •— 0; T. J. Cronln's Vandal beat Rus
sell Allen & Wilson's Miss Penman. 7—6: E.
M. Kellogg' s Ben's Babe beat Larkey & Rock's
Liberty Bell, 6—o; J. I. O'Brien's Wandering
Tom beat Connell Brothers' Happy Thought.
4—o: F. Fling's Thunderbolt beat H. A. Deckel
man's Rocker, 4—3; T. Murphy's Tea Rose beat
Connell Brothers' Senorita, 6—2; J. H. Perlgo's
Lady Davenport beat J. J. Edmonds" Go On. 3—3 —
0; Connell Brothers' Mamie Pleasant beat Lowe
& Thompson's Prince Hal, s—l; Kay Brothers'
Hawker beat J. Seggerson's Gold Hill, 6—o;
Connell Brothers' Log Boy beat F. Baker's
Dora B, 6—3; D. Toland's Pleasant Girl beat
T. J. McHuKh's Maid of the Mill, s—o.
Second round — Golden Gate beat Crawford
Braes 6—o;6 — 0; Rosle Claire beat Mountain Beauty,
16—7; St. Helen beat Controller, 3—o; Rusty Gold
beat Delia M, 4—o; Master Claire beat Twilight
Jr., 6—2; Lady Gllmore beat King's Borderer,
10— I; Hummer beat Dunmore, 3—2; Lily of the
West beat Vixen. 4—o; Wild Tralee beat Palo
Alto. 24—10; Vandal beat Ben's Babe. 7—6;
Wandering Tom beat Thunderbolt. . 8—1: Tea
Rose beat Lady Davenport, 6—3; Hawker beat
Mamie Pleasant, 2—o; Pleasant Girl beat Loc
Boy, 4-0.
Third round— Rosle Claire beat Golden Gate,
14— S; St. Helen beat Rusty Gold, 3—2; Master
Claire beat Lady Gllmore, 6—o; Lily of the
West beat Hummer. 6—l; Wild Tralee beat
Wandering Tom, 16—11; Vandal beat Tea Rose,
4—o: Hawker beat Pleasant Girl. 6—o.
Fourth round— St. Helen beat Rosle Claire,
3—2; Master Claire beat Wild Tralee, 6—4; Van
dal beat Lily of the West, 4—2;4 — 2; Hawker a bye.
Fifth round— Master Claire beat St. Helen,
3—l: Hawker beat Vandal, 12—6.
Final— Hawker beat Master Claire, 7—6.
J. F. Twist. 65; F. S. Washburn. M. S3. 83; G.
Hoadley. 57, 60. 72; P. Becker, 63, 64, «7. 68, 70.
71; E. E. Beaman 68, 74. 79. Pistol record— A.
B. Dorrell, 69: J. P. Cosgrave. 67. 71. 77; Mrs.
M. J. White, II; F. Hassmann, 97. All-comers,
Twist revolver medal. 50 yards, offhand— F. O.
Young. 61, 74, 68; C. M. Dalss. 63. 71. Twenty
two and 25 rifle, medal, fifty yards, off.
hand— Mrs. C. F. Waltham. 25, 32; Dr. J. F.
Twist. 29, 29. 29. 31; Dr. H. C. Trask. 45: Mrs.
G. Mannell, 33. • Record scores. 12 and 25
rifle, 50 yards— W. R. Snell.. 44. 47; F. Haas
mann. 39, 41; A. F. Broad, 64. »5. r.' ¦
23; F. J. Skowrn. 31; Corporal H. Frederick
sen. 21; J. Heinbockl. 19; D. SteSens, 17.
GOOD WORK
OF VARIOUS
RIFLEMEN
Members of Two Clubs
Compete on Schuetzen
' Park Range.
Two clubs shot over the ranges !at
Schuetsen " Park yesterday. The light on
the targets was all that could be desired
and good scores prevailed. The Califor
nia Schuetzen Club and the Vereln Eln
tracht held their regular monthly medal
shoots. C. M. Henderson, a new member,
was easily the star of " the ' Calif ornlas,
with a score of 225-203.' Other scores in
this club were as follows:
First class^-A. Utschlg, 168, 137: Paul Brunet
tt. 184, 187; H. Schroeder." 169, 192;. F. W. Bell
knapp. 216. Ill: H. Ex:kmann, 294. 193.-
First champion class— F, E. Mason, 224, 220;
John Utschiir. ««. 21* : A. Stniecker. 2U.22.
Second champion class — O. Bremer, 190, 190;
T. J. Carroll. IS3; D. B. Faktor, 207. 204.
Second class— A. Reubold, 180. 179; L. C. Ba
btn. ISS. 120; Captain F. Ettinger. 202, 178; C. J.
Walden, 203. 201; A. Jones, 192, 199; A. Stettin.
203, 196: A. Breuss. 101 171.
Third class— Charles H. Sagehorn. 155, 154; R.
Langen, IS4. 179; F. A. Schrumpf^ 179, 167; J. C.
Waller, 191. 174. Fourth class— W. Nolder, 177.
178- F. W. Peck. 120; F. Acker, 173, 143.
The Vereln Elntracht medal shoot resulted as
follows : Champion class— Charles Schroeder,
891; F A. Kuhls. 403; F. C. Hagerup, 251; R.
Stettin 380; J. Zahn, 378; A. Winner, 278; J.
Young. 359. First claes-^J. Rohrer, 806; C.
Schustedt. 313. Second class— M. Deckert. 252.
Third class— L. Scheib, 234; C. Woldam, 204.
This makes R. Stettin the crack of this club
with 24 while C. Scbroeder Is a close second
with 23 to his credit.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
its regular monthly shoot for class and
re-entry medala at the Harbor View
range yesterday. The attendance was
the largest of the season, the
five targets being in constant use all day.
The younger members carried oft the
honors pf the day with the fine rifles and
pistols. The scores:
Class medals, rifle, 200 yards, offhand : Ex
perts—F. O. Young, M; Captain F. Kuhnle. 59;
A. H. Pape. 60; A. B. Dorrell. 73. Sharpshoot
ers—C. M. Dal»F, 55: O. Mannell, 74; M. J.
White, 126; G. Hoadley, 141. Marksmen— E. E.
Beaman. 99; Mrs. G. Mannell, 151: Mrs. C. F.
Waltham, 153; Dr. H. C. Trask. 180; Dr. J. F.
Twist, 182; F. Hassmann, 182.
Class medals, pistol, 60 yards, offhand: Ex
perta—A. B. Dorrell, 44; F. O. Young. 62; J. P.
Cosgrave, 62: M. J. White, 68; G. M. Barley.
70. Sharpshooters— G. Hoadley, 41; Dr. J. F.
Twist. 61: F. 8. Washburn. 63; Captain F.
Kuhnle, 111. Marksmen— Mrs. G. Mannell. 85;
F. Hassmann. 96; G. Mannell. 97; Mrs. C. F.
Waltham, 112.
All-comers' and members' re-entry matches,
rifle, medal, 200 yards — G. Mannell, 60, 72. 89; F.
O. Young, 67, 73, 74; A. H. Pape, 69; Captain F.
Kuhnle. 60, 77. 83. 91; A. H. Dorrell. 61; C. M.
Dalss. 88; G. Hoadley. 120; E. E. Beaman, 134.
139 Record scores, 200 yards, rifle— C. M.
Daiss, 80. 83. Pistol, medal, fifty yards, all
comers—F. O. Young, 46, 49, 50, 51. 61; Dr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1900.
SPORTS COURSING-RACING SHOOTING -YACHTING.
BAD BOY IS A
SURPRISE AT
UNION PARK
W^ the Coursing Stake, De
feating Royal Flush, Bru
tus and Other Stars.
Maher & Reid's brindle and white
greyhound Bad Boy swept the board at
Union Coursing Park yesterday, winning
the rpen stake handily for his owners.
He defeated, in turn, Julius Caesar, Car
rnencita. Royal Flush.- Brutus and, in the
Coal. Sylvanus. In the latter he won
easily by a score of 6 to L In the previ
ous round he led Brutus, who then scored
a couple of turns and the kill. His course
with Carmendta was a short one, and
took but little out of him. Royal Flush
was made favorite at 2 to 1, and was
beaten by the close score of 7 to 6.
There wore several surprises In the first
round. Royal Union beat Rest Assured
at 1 to 2; Petronius beat Daisy Clair. 3 to
fc: Jessica beat Beauty Spot, 1 to 4; Echo
h^at Thornhill, 3 to 5; Aeneas beat Mose,
1 to 2.
Minnie Wa Wa was withdrawn owing
to the severity of her course with Loiterer
on Saturday. Forest King had a severe
course with Aeneas In the »*cond round,
and was then withdrawn from competi
tion.
The coursing throughout the afternoon
was of high clajw. the dogs being evenly
matched and the hares sufficiently strong
to give them an honest test. The results.
with the official scores follow:
Open Ptake. first round— R. E. de B. Loom's
far* beat Pasha Kennels' Round About. 6—o;
J. P. Thrift's Brutus heat H. Lynch'B Benlda
Boy. X— l; p. J. Reilly's Royal Union beat
P»*ha Kennels' Ren Assured, 6—2; J. R.
Fmlth'f Petronius beat Ruwell. Allen A Wll
lion's Ilaisy Clair. S— 2: Land & Gerber's Rlenzl
beat Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead, S— J; E.
M. Re-lees's Sweet Enn4 beat F. A. Me-
Comb r One Fpot. 6—5; Pasha Kennels' Rollick
ing Air* beat E. M. Kellogg's lowa Maid. 4—o:
Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair beat P. J. Relay's
Grafter. 4—o: H. H. Gray's Rona beat Curtis
& Son's Flying Fox. *— C; J. L. Ross' Jessica
beat R. L. TarlT's Beauty Spot. 3— J; J. R.
Smith's Jennie Wilson beat H. Lynch's Lex
ington. *— 0; <"*urtis & Son's Cash ran a bye
with Ber.Srta IV>y. as Minnie Wa Wa was with
drawn: Curtis & Son's Echo beat T. J. Cronin's
Thorch'.U. *— <>; J. R- Smith's Sylvanus beat
K. P. Whiting* Minneola. 4—o: J. Sheridan's
Fcreet Kinir beat Hrwin & Lyons' May Queen.
4—2: Aeneid Kernels' Aeneas beat R. L. Tay
l-ws ai«vs«. 15—13; M. J. O'Neill's Pat Rellly
b«at J. Ror.nirur's D*n:pee>- L&ss. 6—o; F. A.
McCoir.b's Royal Flush beet Maher & Reid's
T'ncle Fuller, IS— J: R. E. de B. Lopez's Pepifa
beat J. Mor-.nrlty't Snapper Garrison. 12—0; R.
K. <Je B. t*7p»z's Carnier.cita beat M. London's
Magneto. 15—4; J. R. Smith's Magic beat Aeneld
Kennels' Athena, 7—2; M&her & Reid's Bad
Boy beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Julius
Ciesar, B—o.
Second round— Brutus beat Sara, 6—4;6 — 4; Royal
FINE CARD
OF EVENTS
AT OAKLAND
Pick of the Selling -Plater
Division to Face the
Barrier.
Racing will be resumed at Oakland this
afternoon, with a very Interesting card of
events, a two-year-old dash being among
the features.
To-Day'a Entries.
First Race— Futurity course; four- year-olds
and upward: selling.
.... Tallac 112 (53 Ann Page US
724 Vloria 112. .... Mystic Maze.. ..US
700 Schiller 121: 700 Croker 114
724 Lady Brltannto.lW .... Muscalado in
(82 Mainstay 1211 (24 The Last 112
725 Senora Caesar.. .ll2' (19 Esptrando US
Second race— Ftr« and a half furlongs; three
ypar-olds: selling.
717 Mission 115! 701 Nance CXeU...107
729 The Echo 971 729 Matt Hogan X*
730 Antler 1W 70S St. Germain 109
C7B Edgardo 109< 3TS El Hepoeo 109
659 Choteau 102,
Third race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds
selling.
.... Fejralon? IOSt 733 Scotch Bella 103
708 Parsifal 108' 708 Pat Foley in 3
(728)RoIllck 108:.... Billy Lyon 104
728 Gaylon Brown. .lol 728 Thorn Wild lot
Fourth race — One and one-eighth miles; four
year-olda and upward; selling.
7IJ Mary Klnsella,.lo3! 723 Einstein 105
720 Stuttgart 104 i 703 Coda 103
707 Glengaber 103. (73 Alicia K3
.... Ace 103 73» Grady 13*
73 None Such 108 70» Vr. Marks if»
CSS Strorao 100 713 Grand Sachem. .loC
Fifth race — Six furlongs; four-year-olda and
upward: selling.
< 459) Montgomery 104' «S1 Katie Gibbon*.. 91
689ElE«tro Ml 727 Wild Het 99
«8t Almoner 93! 714 Socialist US
691 Brown Prince... Ml («91)Midlove 10."»
(44 Uterp 91 704 Manzanllla 94
703 Monrovia 94l 714 Alarla 94
Sixth race — On* mile; three -year-old j and up
ward: tellies.
734 Del Paso 11. ...1141 (32 Loa Medanos....lC2
722 Imperious 104] 735 Wyoming 1M
733 Scotch Plaid.. ..llli <(T7)Pat Morrl»s#y..lll
(674)8 llrer Tone 108 714 Dogtown \m
K9 Meadowthorpe .114 714 Bed Pirate 102
(73 Terrene 97
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Vlorls. Esplrando. Mystic Maze.
Second race — Matt Hogan. Antler. St. Ger
main.
Third race— Rollick. Gaylon Brown. Billy
Lyons.
Fourth race— Mary Klnsella, Einstein. Glen
raber.
Fifth race— Montgomery. Monrovia. Mldlove,
Sixth race— Scotch Plaid. Silver Tone. Wyom
ing.
SPECIALISTS,
' ¦'"*^. Strictly Reliable.
m, V Dr.Talcott& Co.
/Ttt e^s^a? rractlee Confined to Dlseaaea and Weak-
mv|L W*Jr %* nesses of
%» Men Only.
J I&ls£s3&il3y Varleocele cured In one we-k at offlcfl or
A '^?ii&»s£s^\ four *¦**!"¦ home trmitment.
y*V > *^^^^yi\ Blood Taints. Contracted Disorders and
jrf IV^V /r\ every form of Weakness a specialty.
jf I XC^^rMC^ yK v!^ We *** alwa 3 rt w Ullb* to wait for our fs«
*"•"// f /] \sZ*S^£gZ£L/jl^ V^^^ until cur* ia effected.
lI_Y ||^k^/7/ V^ FuU lnformatloa eneerfcMy mailed.
U I\\i II 7) W7 Market Street. Comer Sixth.
7THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINKES OFFICE ef the San Frand*ee
Call, comer cf Market nnd Third rtreets. open
entil 12 o'clock every ntght In the year.
BRANCH- OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street.
crmer Clay; cpen until 9:29 p. m.
1"0 Kares rtreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
f39 McAllister rtreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
fls Lark'.n street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
;?<1 Mission rtreet; cpen unt'.l 10 p. m.
r?CI Market street, corner Eixteenth; open
erttil 8 p. m.
JC« Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
ICP6 Valencia rtreet: open until 9 p. ox.
J723 PoJk street: open until 9 p. m.
Ncrtfcweft corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tnckv •street!': open untl! s p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
FUNERAL Notice — California Com- Jr-
mandery No. L K. T. Officers and OF"
r.icml>ers are hereby notified to assem- EJ
Me ln the arylum THIS DAY <Mon- W
day), at 1 p. m.. for the purpose of at-
tending tr>e funeral of our deceased frater,
f^IK THOMAS M. CLUFF. By Older of the
Em. Com.
Silt HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16. -i-^
X T. Golden Gate building, 625 Putter Tfaffp
n— Stated assembly THIS EVENING O
at 8 •'—Sack. The »rder of the Temple US'
will be conferred. All fraters are cour- ~
teously Invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL, Em Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. L Royal
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. VY
Business only. / »
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at _/\_.
7:30 o'clock, stated meeting. By order Tt if
of the W. M. '?'
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Locce No. 127. F. _nd A. •
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY (MON- _*V_
I 'AY). February 6. 1900. at 7:S» p. m. 11/f
By order of the W. M. '~ v
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING 6OLOMON'S Lodge No. 2SO. F. •
and A. M. — The officers and members _ r\
_re hereby requested to attend th* fu- TCJIT
nerai cf cur deceased Brother. THOM-zVi
AS McREA CLUFF. from the Masonic Tem-
rle, cor. Post and Montgomery ets., on MON-
DAY. February 6. at 1:30 o'clock. By order
of the Master. HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. <-_sfti_v,
O. F.— lnitiation THIS (MON-
DAY) EVENING. Feb. 5. Vis-
Itors cordially invited. '""
W. TROTTER. N. O.
COXCORDIA Lodre No. 122. I. O.
O. F.— The funeral committee is S_-
hereby notified to assemble at
Odd Fellows' Hall TUESDAY. 7«'*;
February 6, at 1:30 o'clock p. m., to attend
the funeral of our late brother, J. D.
UOEHRS. By order of
GEO. DERING. N. G.
CHRIST. ROEBER. Rec. Sec.
A. O. H. DIVISION No. s— The regular
monthly meettng of this division will \S-vVjf'
b# held at Hlbernia Hall. 120 Ninth S^V !
nt.. on TUESDAY. February 6. at 7:3ofe\ijJ ;
j>. m. Tickets for Et. Patrick's night . •»"__» ;
ball will b« ready for distribution and 1m- i
portant business in connection with ball will
be tra_s_cted. All members are requested to
a.tter.(s. BARTLY LEE. President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
NOTICE— The forty-ninth annual meeting of
the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society will be held on TUESDAY AFTER-
NOON next, February 6. at 2 o'clock, tn the
Guild Room of Trinity Episcopal Church, NE.
corner of Dush and Gcugh sts.. when an elec-
tion for officers to serve the ensuing year
will be held ar.d reports of the year's work
will be presented. All members are urged to
be present, and all Interested in the cause 'Will
be cordially welcomed.
M. P. MacCRELLISH. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MAFERY cf Egypt, greatest aitrolo-
c'rt and palmist In the world: satisfaction
rwrr:tee<V <S7 Oolden Owte aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
nc fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. $50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unlees successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market St.. opp. Mason.
V. [L MERZISACH. attorney at law, has re-
sumed rractlre at MS Cal. St., Clunle bldg.
L 8. CLARK. Hmrna Spreckels bide.. 927 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free; no fees ln advance.
DOARD AND ROOMS.
"BTICGnAVIjr~IiOrKUp~i y alV and Clay— Sun-
ny cuites: beet board: 2. $50 up: single. $22 50.
EDDY. t90 — Sunny front rooms, excellent board,
S2O per month up. ,
HOTEL FAIUMOUNT. 1714 Market— Elegant
new furniture; flrst-class in every respect;
teble unsurpassed: hot and cold water; ele-
vator: suites, with beard for 2. $50 month up.
HYDE. 723. bet. Sutter and Post— Newly fur-
nished room •w-ith board ln private family;
suitable for 2 gentlemen or ccuple.
HYDE. 723. bet. Sutter and Post— Newly fur-
r.lfhed liay-wlndow room, with board, far a
gentleman.
HYDE. ~ J 9 (The Salisbury)— Large Barmy ncms
with board: en suite or sinjrle: reasonable.
NEW family hotel: flrst-claan ln all appoint-
ments: excellent table; special Inducements to
relect people. SS7 California rt.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
LAS PALMAS. ISTO Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
nr;*. : private: bath: Bin. rms.: board optional.
O'FARRELL. 742 — Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
VAN* NESP. S44— Elerantly furnished rooms,
with board: parlor, piano, phone: reasonable.
DOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG woman wishes board and room; pri-
vate family; central; moderate; references.
Box :::s. can. ¦
BOARD and room in private family; central.
Box 2C20. Call offlce.
DOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission at., near Third.
IJ OOTAN^SHOJEnAjiG^UXS^^^^
BABY'S shoes, sizes 2 to 6 35 cts
Men's working shoes, extra quality $1 25
Boy'B shoes, elzes 12 ! r to 2 $5 cts
People's Shoe Store, 13C3 Stockton, nr. Bdway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— J6OO; RESTAURANT and oyster house; rent
$35; Market and Jones us. ; rare chance. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market St.. corner Ellis.
A— s22s: BRANCH bakery, with 3 living rooms;
established 10 years; daily receipts $15; splen-
did location on Larkln st. It. G. WILKE. H>6
Market at.
A SAI/.iON on water front, with 4 years' lease;
fine fixtures; large stock; rushing business;
no better location on East st.; splendid
chance. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market rt.
A— $1500— CORNER grocery In very best part
of the Mission; larce ctock, 1 horse, wagon,
cart; 75 order customers; place established
years aad first-claes paying. Call R. G.
WILKE. KW Market st.
A—ssso;A — $550; DAIRY produce and delicacy store,
with 3 living rooms; rent $12; a good-paying
business. Inquire It. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— s3so; PARTNER wanted in chop and coffee
house; lively country town: pl_ce clearing $60
for each partner. Call R. G. WILKE. SO6
Market rt.
A— sSso; BAKERY near McAllister Bt.; estab-
lished years; all store trade; Urge stock;
rent T25: 4 years' lease; 14 barrels per day.
Call R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market st.
JIJ.OO— CORNER grocery and bar; established
many years and doing a splendid business;
choicest location few blocks north of Market;
rent $45. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market at.
ATTENTION. SELLERS'.
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell fer cash.
I will advertise it free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I seM city and country real es-
tate and business pieces.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market sst.t t . opp. Fifth.
160 ROOMS-HOTEL AND BAR.
Clearing about $500.
FINE LOCATION.
Che_p rent — Price $4000.
$2500 can remain at
€ per cent interest.
For sale enly by DECKER. IC2O Market.
86-ROGM hotel and bar
RENT $40
Price. $1300. DECKER, IC2O Market st.
$300— REST AURA NT; fine for man and wife-
trial given: owner cleared $10,000 ln six years'
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st.
yrvrfrT _
STENBERG & CO .
Have Removed tn
S3S Market Street.
, Over Hale Bros. . _
A-KREDO & CO 22H GEARY 6T
A rare opportunity: $600; partner established
business; clears $300 a month; on account of
sickness: lesise worth $1500.
12*00— ELEGANT corner etore und modem 6-
room cottage; rents $30; cost $3500: $1000 will
take It. KREDO & CO.. 225» Geary at.
fISOO— DRAYING express; only one ln town of
4000 population; $10.000 yearly. KREDO & CO.
6 A LOON: flne location: big bargain this day.
COWING & CO.. 113 d Market st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— ssoo; CORNER grocery (no bar); offered at
Invoice value. LESS. 765 Market ft.
$200— BRANCH bakery, notions and variety
store; north of Market; 4 living rooms; rent
$18: must be sold at once. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
$35C— STATIONERY, confectionery, school books
and lunch rooms; Western Addition ;_ n' ar . '
schools; owner going away. M. LESS. 7OS Mkt.
$SOO-SALOON: few doors north of Market: near
3 theaters: doing excellent business; private
rooms; must be sold at once; owner going
East. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
•850— WOOD. coal. hay. grain and feed business
ln best portion of Western Addition: good
horse* and wagons; estab. 25 years: low rent;
long lease; fullest investigation allowed; this
Is a chance seldom offered. M. LESS. .65 Mkt.
A— BUYERS. ATTENTION!
FOR SALE
A first-class tea and coffee store: well estab-
lished- all cash trade: good value for the
money. STENBERG CO.. 935 Market st.
A— ssoo; CORNER grocery and bar; best loca-
tion in the Mission; well established: doing
good business; nice clean stock; good value
for the money. Stenberg Co.. 935 Market st.
CITY BUSINESS EXCHANGE. .„. . 73 Third SU
Bargains in Mlwns $200 00 to Jl5OO 00
Cigar stores with club rooms.. sloo 00 to $500 00
Rooming houses. 10 to 100 rooms.
Partner, .-mall capital; paying business.
$150— PARTNER wanted In old-established of-
fice business: will clear $75 month to each.
City Business Exchange. 79 Third st.
$ISOO— SALOON, 200 ft. from the Baldwin; pri-
vate entrance, ciubrooma: flrst-class ln every
respect; good business. JONES. 865 Market.
A _|4oo; CORNER saloon; private entrance
rooms: receipts $10 to $20 per day; even-thing
complete. Pacific Exchange. 1016 Market st. ,
SALOON et Third st.. near Market; flne trade,
cheap If sold at once. Apply Liquor Dealers'
Journal. 639% California St.. room
$109 MONTHLY to party Investing $250. Paciflo
States Realty Co., 320 Parrott bulldlrut.
WANTED— A saloon or grocery store; must be
cheap for cash. Box 2632, Call offlce.
AT a sacrifice, a corner grocery store; good
location; flne trade: fixtures nearly new; largo
stock on hand; owing to death of owner must
be sold at once to settle bis estate. Apply
at room CIS. Parrott building.
GOOD opportunity — Branch bakery, cigar and
notion store for sale, doing good business, on
account of going to Europe. 1303% Golden
Gate aye.
ENTIRELY good hotel manager wants to take
charge or buy a small country hotel. Please
i addrecs box 2C19, Call offlce.
DELICACY and dairy produce store, with flne
living rooms; price reasonable. Inquire 645
McAllister Et.
BRANCH baliery: candy: notion and cigars;
must cell <hls week. Inquire HIS Market st.
FOR tale— El Monte Bakery: SW. corner Sac-
ramento and Lyon sts. Inquire at premises.
BRANCH bakery ar.d notion store; doing good
business: suitable for bakery. 1606 Folsom.
FOR rent ln Petaluma, a flne new store with
plate-glass front; suitable for dry goods, mil-
linery or candy: flrst-class business opportu-
nity; best location In town. 6ee owner at
ISS7 Folsom St.. San Francisco.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; flne location
downtown; newly fitted up: electric lights;
low rent; furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
ICO-ROOM house for sale or exchange for lodg-
ing house ln Chicago or other business; no
agents. Box C 622. Call office.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. £39% California st.. room 1.
$16T.O— CASH corner grocery and bar; good
stock; flne location. Inquire 466 Castro st. ;
! call bet. 6 and 7 p. m.
. —
FIRST-CLASS bakery and confectionery: good
location; doing good business. Inquire Call
offlce.
$100— BAR and fixtures, complete: near Market
Bt. : rent $25; in first hands. Box 2592. Call.
DRUGGIST with small capital as partner In
drue store. Box 7543. Call offlce.
PLANING mill and lumber yard ln this city
for sale. Box 1117. Call offlce.
BARBER shop for sale; good location. 796
Geary gt.
ROUTE of 841 papers on this paper for Bale.
Box 6. Oakland Poetofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BUSINESS clearing $100 per month for $600.
If taken at once. Pacific States Realty Co.,
S2O Parrott building.
RESTAURANT, complete, for rent, lease or
sale, at 1909 McAllister St.. half block from
car house. : . .;.¦
$200— CANDY and branch bakery, by two
schools. 3SOI Seventeenth St.. cor. Sanchez.
JSSO— FOR sale: hotel business; good bar; a
snap. 412 Hearst building.
CIGAR stand and laundry offlce for sale cheap.
Apply MISS G. SMITH. 715% Howard st.
FOR sale— A neat restaurant; good location;
reasonable. Apply at 207 Grant aye., saloon.
RESTAURANT for sale; call and see. 141 East
6treet.
DENTAL office: first-class; central: must be
sold; terms easy. MacDona'.d. 6 Eddy. r. 107.
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. 5T.5% California St.. room L
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b«ren established at 1095 Va-
lencia «t^
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et.: open until 9 p.m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: onen until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wazons, buggy, carts and over ISO
sets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
the business must be closed. 1140 Folsom St.,
near Eighth^
FOR sale— Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter st.
NEW and 2d-hand wagons, buggles.carts and har-
ness, wk. &. driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St. ; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone Eaet 1?«.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! -~~~~~~ — - -
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World' a Most Famous Medium
1 and Clairvoyant.
Has removed her offices to her residence, 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland. Cal.
Reveals Tour Life From the Cradl*
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, fur thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence is kept sacredly confiden-
tial.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station, the second station from
Broadwcy.
CLAIRyOYAXTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
A— PROFESSOR MAY.
ALWAYS BEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical; gives advice on love, buslneiis
and domestic trouble: unites the separated and
restores lect affection; if In doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you; mediums . developed In from 3 to 6
months: letters containing three questions and
Unanswered; hours. 9 to 8: Sundays. 10 to 2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market: trance.
test, business medium: life reader; also roedl-
cal clairvoyant; stamp fordrcular; sittings $1.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate, writer.
330 Ellis at.; circle Sun, and Wed, evening*.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2»c; truth or no pay. 114J Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present, future. 26c. 14S Sixth et, r. 13. t
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader and palmist; all
you seek to know without questions; readings
this week, 26c and 60c. 230 Turk st. ' '
MRS E. L. DAVIS, medium and card reader,
933 Mission St., room 4; ladies, 25c; gents. 60c.
_ME. MOREAU. the beet medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh ft. is the original
gypsy life reader: readings, 25c
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; »it-
tlngs dally. 212% Sixth st.
TOUR future told by cards, 25c. »44 Howard
tt.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names itlven; 25c up. 5 Fourth at.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladlea. 914 O' Fan-ell at.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. *?7 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, modern improvements:
sunny yard; cellar. ISS9 O'Farrell Bt.f
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 6 rooms, bas-ment;
yard: stable. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
2326 FOLSOM— Cottage, 7 rocros and bath;
large yard: rent $M.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T. s! inOOINS I ¦"d«ntaT^arior«i »27
Market st.. over Cafe Zdnkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60o: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and fllled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full Eet of teeth on a gold plate, $25: teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; filling!". 60c; crowns, $3 60: all work
f>alnless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up: of-
flce hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible piates, $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market' *t.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. ?35 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia; dental
work reas.: painless extraction; hours 9 to 6.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : ei-enings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk at.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc. : 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL. •
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Ftllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarde.l. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary st. : dresses
made, $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School — Leading sys-
tem: easy payments: evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
Ing.plnklnir. 121 Post, over O'Connor A. Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business CollegeTl^Poßt St.. B. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy, English
brandies, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
ealt water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A..
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
JOSEPH GREVEN. instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong voices from the smallest and
faultiest ln short time. 1236 Market St., r. 121.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted: most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculations. Tarr. exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech., survey, assay, archi.; day and even.;
ert. IKC4. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MADOLIN and guitar thoroughly taught; rea-
sonable. 733 Guerrero st.
A— SINGING, piano. French, Spanish: Parisian
graduate: }2 mo. 630 O. O. aye.. r. «: hr. 2-».
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl, success-
ful teacher. 100S Mission; best methods, results.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof.De Flllppe's Acad-
emyof languages. 320 Post;est.lS71:ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms:,
thorough instruction. Studio. 40S Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market bL ; Ufa
scholarship, $50: send for catalogue.
CLASSES ln German. French. Bpanlsh; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or clasp. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce.
No. 30 Geary st., established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post Bt., near Powell. GEO.
AOKI. 421 Post St.. telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
be>t rielo. 4HU O'Fwrrell St.: tel. Kast 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion: understands French and German cook-
Ing: best city ref.: city or country. MISS H.
CUL-.INAN. 223 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a sltua-
tion; good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323
Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS waitress and parlor maid de-
siren a situation; will do second work. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
NEAT, capable girl desires situation; good
cook and houseworker; 2 years last place.
Apply to MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.-
TEACHER holding "California Educational
Diploma" and having experience wishes pu-
pils; children or adults; 25c an hour. J. E.
P.. box 2628. Call.
WOMAN wishes situation; general housework;
city or country; moderate wages; no cards.
1103 Powell st.
EASTERN lady wishes situation as working
housekeeper or to do plain sewing. 1 Fifth
Bt., room 2.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a place to assist
In housework and care of children. Call 264%
Tehama st.
A COMPETENT elderly lady wishes a position
as housekeeper for a widower with small
family. Call 476 Jessie st.
A COMPETENT girl wishes a place to do
housework and cooking; wages no less than
$20. Pleaee call at 18248 Howard st.
SWISS girl wants a position to do upstairs
work. Call at 249 Fourth at.
SWEDISH woman wishes position in house-
work; a good cook. 5 Rausch Bt., nr. Howard.
GIRL would like position for chamber-work or
plain sewing. Address 1203 Folsom Bt.
SITUATION wanted— English Protestant In-
fant's or child's nurse from "Babies' Hospi-
tal." New York City; thoroughly competent;
excellent references; city or country. Box
2538, Call office. .
COLORED woman wishes work £ by day or
month as cook or will wash and Iron; city or
country. ANNIE JONES, 115% Second st.
COMPETENT stenographer desires- position;
salary moderate. Address box 2539, Call offlce.
GERMAN cook wishes position to do cooking
and housework. 720 California St.; wages $25.
YOUNG woman with child 2% years old would
like position to do housekeeping; city or coun-
try. Call 713H Uuph st. ___^
COLORED girl wishes a place to take care of a
child and to assist ln upstairs work. Please
address box 2530. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to
take charge of 1 or 2 children. 1 Apply 41 Whit-
ney at. •
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; good plain cook; wages $11
to $15; city or country. Address 9 Minna st.
FIRST-LASS dressmaker will make any style
trimmed enit. $4; new style skirts and high-
grade work. 220 Eddy st.
EMPLOYMENT, WANTED FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE young lady, good references,
epeaklng German and English fluently, wishes
a position as ladles' maid or care of grown
children to travel to Europe. Call 2 to 6,
1431 Polk at. •
SWEDISH woman as cook ln private family;
good reference. Apply box 23. Call Branch
Offlce. 106 Eleventh st. '
RESPECTABLE young woman wants work by
day or half day; willing and obliging. Box
24, Call Branch Offlce, IC6 Eleventh Bt.
YOUNG lady would like a position to play
piano in a mining town or country resort:
state salary and requirements. Box 2-' U. Call.
DINING room work In small restaurant: eleep
home nights. 672 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl wants position to do general
housework. Call 2418 Geary St.; no postals.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 250 to $1 50 night: $1 60 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IC9S Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty- second and Ken-
tucky »ta.! open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A FIRST-CLASS English butler desires situa-
tion; best local references: city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG man wants position as plumber's helper
ln city or Oakland; experienced; with refer-
ences. Address box 2629, Call office.
a BWBDISH men want work; housecleaning,
painting, paper-hanging or repairing. Ad-
dre«« box 2690. Call office^
YOUNG man wishes to do light work morning
and night ln exchange for board. Addresa
box 2631. Call. ,
A NEAT Japanese (speaks English fluently)
wishes position ln offlce or store; references.
Box 2G27. Call.
EXPERIENCED cook wants situation; city or
country: latter preferred; references. 615 Mc-
Allister st., entrance on Ash aye. '¦'-•* •:¦
REFINED couple want care of country place
or Invalids, as traveling companions; experi-
enced in nursing. Box 2, Call offlce.
GERMAN man and wife desire situations on
ranch; man Is milker, butter maker, poultry-
man and teamster; wife a good cook. Ad-
dress 431 Pine st.
COACHMAN, competent man, thoroughly un-
derstands his business ln all branches, desires
permanent situation. As to references and
qualifications address C. S.. 1022 Jackson at.
SOBER horseshoer and general blacksmith
wants work. Apply at 1506 Howard Bt.
USEFUL man; housework; care Invalid; mid-
dle-aged man; speaks English. French; will-
Ing and obliging; flrst-class reference. Box
2534. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; wages $10 per month:
best of references. Address H. W.,'410 Sixth.
COACHMAN wants position to care for and
drive flne horses and carriages: thoroughly
understands business; best references. Box
2625, Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife, work on ranch,
orchard or vineyard; wife Is good cook. Ad-
dress box 2604. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man about private place, un-
derstanding gardening, care horse and cow.
low wages. M. M.. box 2600, Call.
GOOD Japanese cook wants a situation as
school boy In nice family. ISERY, 121 Halght.
POSITION wanted by flrst-class furniture
packer, shipper or set-up man. Box 2598, Call.
WANTED— Position ln offlce by young man,
age 22; 5 years' experience; quick at figures;
wages moderate. Address box 2603, Call.
BAKER wishes situation: city or country: IS
years' experience; sober and Industrious; has
had several years' experience with oven work
In large pie and bread bakery. Call or write
Baker, 211 Fourth st.
YOUNG man, 21 years old. wishes position In
drug store; has had experience and Is sober
and Industrious; wages small. Box 2513. Call.
FRENCHMAN and wife wish situations on farm
or orchard or vineyard: handy with carpen-
ter and painter's tools: best of references;
medals awarded for farming products. Ad-
dress box 2522, Call.
EDUCATED young man. sober and steady,
good penman, desires position In offlce where
there Is room for promotion: small wages to
Mart. Address box 2520. Call offlce.
YOUNG man to work on ranch: can milk cows
and generally useful around; wages $10 and
found. Box 2514. Call offlce.
ENGlNEER— Licensed; competent; steady. Ad-
drew IC Steuart st.
SITUATION wanted by young single man,
age 30 years; flrst-class grower of roses,
carnations and chrysanthemums and good
propagator; ten years tn last position;
from the East; could fill a private place;
best reference. CHAS A. BRUNGER, Bell
Conservatory Company, Sacramento, Cal.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, typewriter and
general office man; Al references furnished.
Address box 354. Call offlce.
MAN, understands thoroughly the wine and
liquor business, wishes position: best refer-
ences. Address box 352. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements end subscriptions
received at C-ll branch offlce. 2220 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH ofllce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has be«n established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
ANGE^
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.. near Call bldg..
hag all kinds of property for exchange.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market st. ; examination free; German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant new sunny flat of 8 rooms and
bath. JiSO Pine St.. near Taylor.
FLAT. 4 rooms, bay window and bath. 716
Natcma st., betweeen Eighth and Ninth; $12.
FOR adults, 4 comfortable rooms; bath, toilet.
coal and gas stoves; all necessaries. 1917
_ Geary st. '
HARRISON. 921. near Fifth— s9; flat 4 rooms;
yard; sunny.
IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWKLL. 10 Montgon cry.
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat, 7 rooms
and bath; elegant view. 3% Scott st.
SUNNY flat ln warm belt of Mission; 6 rooms
and bath; rent $20. Apply G. H. UMBSEN &
CO.
SUTTER. 2620%— Sunny upper flat, 6 rooms,
bath: modern: rent $25.
$10— SUNNY cottage of 3 rooms. 134 Rose aye.,
between Gouch and Octavla stu.
$20— A NICE upper flat of 7 rooms and bath:
Just renovated. 1627 Devisadero at., bet. Post
and Sutter.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per rear.
VtIKK TO ALL,.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book. . by sending
address to lock bo« 643. Ixin Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $43 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FINE chance— Nice furniture of 6-room flat;
cheap; quick rale. C 27 Natoma st.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $3 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Brondway: open evenings.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission ¦_'.'*' pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture: carpets,
piano. ¦ 1135 Market BU:- telephone Jessie 761. |
W. E. CODY (late, with J. T. Terry St Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red.' 3333.
HELP WANTED— AGENTS.
FOR a FIRST-CLASS Investment security, 6
per cent guaranteed and extra profits; some-
thing NEW and SAFE that PEOPLE REAL-
LY WANT: this Is your OPPORTUNITY. 14
Mills bldg.. 6th floor. __.:
AGENTS wanted— Something new: ladles and
gentlemen. 9 Boyd St.. near Harrison, be-
tween Seventh and. Eighth.
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODELL. 206 Kearny Bt.
AGENTS, ladlea or gentlemen, to sell Columbia
guitars and zithers In each county ln Cali-
fornia: good contract. CHARLES AMBROSE,
1617 Market at.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— 2 FIRST-CLASS cooks, American f amlllea,
$40 and $35; housework, San Mateo. $30. 1 ln
family; Ross Valley $30, Oakland $25, Berke-
ley $30 (2 ln family), San Rafael $25; cook for
men, $35 to $40; cook, Bakersfield, $35; cham-
¦ bermald and wait reps, country, $23; second
work, Alameda, $25, 3 ln family; 10 chamber-
maids and waitresses, city and country, $- 5
and $20.
A— lo SECOND girls, $25, $30 and $20, city and
country: 3 nurseglrU. $20 and $15: an Infant's
nurse. $25; Santa Barbara $25; 2 arm wait-
resses. $6 and $7 per week; a number of
housework girls, flrst-class places, $25 and
$20. city and country: 12 young girls to assist.
$12 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
NEAT young girl, light housework. 2 ln family,
315. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
FRENCH girl as governess, 1 child 9 years old,
$20. MISS CULLBN. 325 Sutter st.
2 ARM waitresses. $6 per week; 10 waitresses
and chambermaids, city and country, $25 and
$20; a flrct-class waitress, private family, $25;
4 second girls, $20 each; 6 nurse girls, $15
each; a number of girls for housework, city
and country, $15 to $25. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 523 Sutter st.
A COOK, hotel, country, good place. $30. fare
here; a German woman with 1 child, coun-
try, to cook In a small bakery. $15; a woman
with a child, Los Gatos. $15. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN. 323 Sutter st.
HELP of all nationalities to fill various po-
Bltlona. MRS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell st.
NEAT young girl; light housework; small fam-
ily; no washing; good references. 1419 Golden
Gate aye. :- \'-:<
$10— YOUNG girl, assist housework vicinity of
Jones Bt., near Bush; nights at home. Ad-
flress JONES. Call offlce.
WANTED— A girl for housework; must be good
laundress; no cooking. Call bet. 9 and IX
1102 Van Ness aye: good references.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing; 8 adults; $15; references. 1612 Scott St.:
apply between 9 and 12.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice girl on
custom coats; paid while learning. ES9A
Minna st.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of child:
references: wages $10. Call before noon at
910 Ellis gt.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
YOUNG girl for light housekeeping. Call at
1045 Mission st.
GOOD finisher and buttonhole maker wanted;
steady job; $11 up. 115-117 Phelan building.
GERMAN girl; general housework; good wages.
933 Hal_ht st.
NEAT girl for general housework and assist
ln cooking. 2215 Bush st.
GOOD finisher and experienced apprentice girls;
also cresser on coats. 126 Russ st.
BRIGHT girl. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market
street.
GIRL for general housework. Call after 9 a.
m. at 925 Fulton st.
WANTED— A neat young girl to assist ln light
housework. 2241% Sutter st.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines: experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36% Fremont St.; elevator.
GIRL to learn and help ln dental offlce. Ad-
dress box 2537, Call offlce.
26 EXPERIENCED hands on silk work: steady
work: good wages. S. F. Manf'g. Co., 409 A
Turk st.
WANTED— A neat young girl for housework.
710 Hyde st.
TEN lady agents wanted. Call between 11 and
12 at Corallne Toilet Parlors, 1454 Market at.
GIRL for light housework; 2 ln family; $10. SlO
Guerrero st.
GlRL— Housework and cooking; no washing;
$15. 2130 Oxford St.. cor. Center. Berkeley.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers wanted at COS-
OROVE'S, 1416 Polk st.
WANTED— Young girl (age 15 to IS), to assist
with housework. 2529 Bueh st.
WANTED— Chambermaid; come prepared to
work. 8 Mason st.
SHIRT operators and ladles' shirt waist mak-
ers. KENT'S. 121 Post st.. room D.
LADIES can make |! to $3 a day, work at
home, by addressing box 2516. Call office.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLAfEIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2220 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencla st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
lit 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Colored boy for doctor's offlce, $tt;
gardener and wife. $50; man about place, $25;
3 woodchoiTXTs. $1 75 cord; farmers for fruit
and grain ranches. $20 and $26; milker, $25;
choreboy for ranch. $10; blacksmith's helper
and finisher on carriage work, $2 25 day; ma-
chine blacksmith, $4 to $5; German second
cook. $f.O: porter, country hotel, $20; waiters,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 62S Saeramentft st. '::/.:
AT C. H. HANSEN & CO/5....104 GEARY ST.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chief cook for summer resort, meat and pas-
try, for April 1, $70; head cook, restaurant,
city. $S5; 2 head cooks, south. $S0 and $S5:
head and second cooks, country hotel, $60 and
$30; French second cook. $60; cook for lunch
counter, country. $10 a week; dishwashers and
kitchen hands. $20 and $25; night porter, ho-
tel, $20; gardener, country hotel, $25 and
found; 3 flrst-class Ironers, country hotel, $30
ami found.
MISCELLANEOUS
60 teamsters, scraper holders and loaders and
dumpmen for the Coast Railroad, Santa Bar-
bara County. Free Fare
20 teamsters for railroad work, Monterey
County. Free Fare
60 coal miners for New Mexico, special rates
of fare: blacksmith, country. $2 a day; 4
pruners for orchard. $26 and board; 2 grafters,
$26 and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary at. "-
COLORED waiter, . country hotel, $35. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NELS OLSEN, the bath man— Please call or
communicate with C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary Bt.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
Blacksmith, country shop $65
foreman, small stock ranch; vaquero for cat-
tle ranch $30 and found
cabinet maker wagon painter
pruners farm hands dairyman
butcher, $52: boy for factory, $5 week; wood-
choppers and tiemakers; man to work in gar-
den $20 and found
f MURRAY Jk READY. 634-636 Clay st.
NIGHT cook, small place. $8 week; cooks, city
and country. $35 and $40: laundryman. $30 and
found: waiters, $25. MURRAY »& READY.
634-63G Clay s^ '
A MAN and wife; country; $50. See gentleman
here 8:30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. "J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jesole 162.
WANTED— Men to travel and ahow our goods;
no soliciting; no goods to sell; no experience
Is required; big money to good men; the ap-
plicant will need $25 to $50. but this he con-
trols. Send this ad. and address Drawer 146,
Chicago.
WANTED— FIrst-class porter for saloon. Ap-
ply before 7 a. m. at 312 Sansome at.
WANTED— A woodcarver and a boy. F. T.
RILEY. 616 Hampshire st.
STRONG boy; night work: wages $4 per week.
212 O'Farrell st. ' " :
BARBER: a year or year and a half expert-
ence. Address box 2626, Call offlce.
WANTED— A waiter. 3 Jackson st.
WANTED— Night cashier. Bay State Restaur-
ant. 2'J Stockton Rt. '
WANTED— German; good cook; hotel. 203
Sixth st. ¦ - '
GOOD cook wanted. Apply after. 10 a. m. 631
Clay st. )
GOOD night waiter ln coffee house. 617 Mont-
gomery Bt. •
WANTED — Experienced dishwasher and kitchen
man. Call 7 a. m.. Llpschlt»'s Rest., 413 Pine.
WANTED — Good lunch waiter. 606 Howard st..
corner alley.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs: uptown; good stand:
cheap. ETOLT-% 630 Market st.
WANTED — Good* all-round candy maker: also
first-class bread and cake baker; must be
'sober, industrious and of good character;
steady Job; good wages and board and rooms
furnished; good opportunity ' for the right
men. Report to New England Bakery, Hono-
lulu. H. L ¦. - ¦ --
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, - successful subscription book salesmen.
Call upon or address Manager, 927 Market st-.
room 622.%j$3i3_SHgQMHHHNB_££»1
WANTED— A first-class cabinet maker. FINK
& SCHINDLER. 1309 Market _t. *s*
GOOD Industrial agent . for debit. W. N.
CHAPMAN, oil Montgomery. 12:30 to 1 p. m.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks:
day and evening class; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the
world teaching the- barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 625
Clay »t. Branches— San Francisco, New York,
St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
ACTIVE man with reference and security to
operate whitewashing and whiteningmachlne;
wages and commission. Box 21S0, Call offlce.
A MAN and wife; man to work outside and
woman ln house: country references requir-
ed. H. M. L.. Valley Ford. Cal.
SCO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waltlnsr: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
STEADY man and wife can have free rent in
exchange for housekeeping service; give ref-
erence. Address box 1106. Call.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c r-er night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters for
ships at HERMAN'S. 2C Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 150 and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast.
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Ftllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. Nx *
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 8 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093 Va-
lencla st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
A HANDSOME black road team, rode along In
:40. four and five year old and fit for a lady
to drive; about 15 hands high. Inquire at 162S
Market St.. above Twelfth.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
cart*, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SO HEAD flne draught and driving hones at
1621 and 1625 Market ct.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some flne matched black teams.
FOR sale — Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZ.IEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 O. O. ay.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
15-ROOM HOUSE ON GEARY
New Elegant Upright Piano
Good furniture: clears $100
Price $ISOO. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.
26-Room House; Worth $1000
Price $4£o. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
"-ROOM house; only $150
33 rooms; rent $40 $1300
24 rooms; easy payments $SOO
5-room fiat; new $350
32 rooms; corner: only $1200
10 rooms; on O'Farrell at $3_5
10 rooms; on Taylor st. : worth $3CO $450
32 rooms; corner; clears $150 $1600
10-room fiat., clears $150 $500
Corner on Market; dears $400; 104 rooms..s4Soo
Near Call offlce; worth $2000; 23 rooms $1200
Mod. house: elev.; clears $500: 84 r00m5.. .56500
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TEI.EPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
R. H. WINSTON A CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
20 rooms; near Market St.: reduced t0... $600
22 rooms: part cash; paying house $50
24 rooms: rent $45; a ptck up 550
26 rooms; rent $35; corner; only 600
27 rooms; part cash: central: see It 1200
37 rooms; rent $75; Investigate 1100
3S rooms; rent $$>: good location 800
46 rooms; 2 corners; rent $53 1700
47 rooms: near Powell: transient 21^0
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
65 ROOMS; finest corner In city $5000
120-rooms hotel; big snap 5500
13 rooms; flne and central 425
23 rooms; good; central 850
Many others; all sizes, prices and locations.
Pacific States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
A FINE transient; 37 rooms: clearing $150
monthly: central: big sacrifice: must selL
Pacific States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
SPECIAL bargain — 9-room bouse; 8 rooms next
door: one clears expense of both. Pacific
States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott building.
$300—21 ROOMS; good location: all rented.
$425—22 rooms; all rented: rent $25 a month.
$$50—28 rooms; north of Market st. ; low rent.
$950 — (0 rooms: all rented; rent $75 month.
$1200—65 rooms; rent $100. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
12 ROOMS: full of good furniture and good
people: 1 block of Market: $400: rent $30; clears
$35: owner sick: leaving city. M. GRIFFIN.
719 Market st.. near Call building.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN Jfc CO.. 14 Montgomery.
' A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
110,4 Turk: 3 r $47 50 I 1014 Treat ay.. S r..518
1345 Howard; 5 r....519 o«.> | 510 Jones; 6 r. $K>
BROADWAY, 1935. between Laguna and Bu-
chanan sts.— Elegant house of 12 rooms; bath,
servants' room, etc.; newly renovated. For
further particulars apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of » rooms and bath;
water free: large yard; rent $37 SO.
MINNA, 2S— Lodging house of 21 rooms; all
occupied; best location for worklngmen: rose-
wood piano. 8 stoves and everything else ac-
cording
TO let— Furnished er unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable In rear: 817
Union ?t. Inquire A. DECOURTEUX &3
Merchant st.
LOST AND FOUND.
L^Tf^OrTEddy~st.. Sunday. FebTY, white dog":
collar and tag. Return to baths. Bay st., bet.
Taylor and Jones, reward $2.
A BRACELET, bet. Harrison and Bryant. Re-
turn to 407% Harrison st. and receive reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, tn the
name of Court Star of California No. 7814.
Ancient Order of Foresters: No. 17S-4C3. "TThe
finder will please return to bank.
$15 REWARD— Return of seal muff with head;
lost on California st. or Polk. bet. California
and Pine. Return to 626 Market st.
LOST— GoId watch: engraved B. S. on ca»e.
Return to 2230 Pacific aye.: reward.
MEDICAL. ~~~
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during conflnement;«best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5: Bafe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market st.. between Ma-
son and Taylor: hours. 9 to I.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist: home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call ar 1023% Market st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1223 Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' speclal-
Ist: guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DRS. GOODWIN, ladles' specialists; maternity
home; best care; low fees. 1007% Market st.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. HIS Market
St.: every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. PIERCE. 104 Turk et.. the eminent female
specialist; home or offlce treatment $3.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
ln confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. GWTER. 610 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln: hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human bogy. 115 Mason st.
MKTAPIIY3IC9.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy
«x-cultlsm: free clinic Tue*. evg. MS Lark In.
MINES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers-
dividend payers: quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 63 cents per share or monthly Install-
ments: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 5-7.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont ¦!
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1C63 Mission uC
HANDSOME emerald and diamond rina-- ««»
$230 at Tiffany's, New York. Tor $110 UXCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. -.n_i__
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases. coun-~"
t*rs. Unolecm. offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; rew and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-10K Mission
st.. above Sixth.
FOR sale— lo,ooo feet new rubber belting; lead-
Ing brands, slightly damaged; utility unim-
paired; 50 per cent saving. ROBERT BRAND
& CO.. 521 Third st.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR SALE— I flne new hot air furnace; 1 ele-
gant French range: 80 feet solid walnut book-
cases: 3 elegant cedar-lined walnut ward-
robes. Box 2607. Call offlce.
AN assortment consisting of 73 pieces modern
make surKlcal instruments to be sold at a
third cf original cost. UNCLE UARRI3, 15
Grant aye.
FOR sale— Great Dane pups; good pedigree.
Enterprise Hotel, cor. Sixteenth and Folaom.
FOR nale— Thoroughbred Great Dane pupa, with
pedigrees, at 430 Twenty-ninth st.
BAND saw, buzs saw, buzs planer; 7 hors«
engine. Inquire 1634 Mission st.
GENUINE Rlcea mandolin at a bargain.
Plaza Loan Offlce. 7u2 Kearny st. -
A 10- TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. C California st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portaole safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Ths
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. 9. F.. CaL
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPL
533 Market St.. San Francisco.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITKLAW. 216 Spear St.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
nlar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure: by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: t
air compressor; S locomotives. 220 Fremont-
DRESS pants, $2 75; flne suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 813 Montgomery »t.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses. planers.lath*s.
Iron A wood; 2d-haml. J. BURKE. 133 Beale,
NEW and eecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines; 5 drawers;
oak; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 12th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, eloctrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
GOOD second-hand piano; must be cheap; ca*_;
no dealers. Box 1502. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AVOID delay; try all others, then see me: $3a
to $100,000; ( per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates ln probate, undivided interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advlcs
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 632 Market.
ANY amount at ( per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate tn pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2* Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount: • per cent; first.
• second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. O. E.
OLSEN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable prtvata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service: money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
CS and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and oi
furniture or piano*: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 25 Montgomery st.
TO salaried men, without collateral or Indoi— er;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 335 Parrott build-
Ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT 14 per cent per month, on furniture. 1503
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott buildln-.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and id mortga. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
-or» money see 11. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
MONEY WASTED.
WANT to borrow $7000 for. 2 years; security.
950 acres ln noted fruit section, Capay Valley.
Yolo County: 22 acres In bearing orchard
(apricots and prunes), 300 acres cultivated la
grain, balance grazing lands. Pox 2600. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced pianos
where th-y can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good planoa
for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.. San Francisco. ; corner Thlr-
t.'enth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell et. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
A FULL line of pianos and organs, new and
second hand, for cash or Installments, at
MAUVAI3. 769 Market at.
THE best Is always cheapest- The Decker
A Son Is best. Agency at MAUVIAS". 7*3
Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
planoe; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
£0 SLIGHTLY used high and medium grsda
pianos; special discounts for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
A FEW more pianos will be sold this week for
storage, cheap for cash; correspondence solic-
ited: $40 up. . Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
CHICKERING grand. $3 per mo.; Irving & Co.
square. $35. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 580 Hayes.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
$500— UPRIGHT cabinet grand; used one year;
$180. Room 21. Flood building.
FINE upright piano, furniture and carpet* for
sale. IC2I Van Ness aye.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianoa. Spencer
warerooms. ISIS Market st.
FINE Fischer * Stetnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1013 »an Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new: cheap.
HORNUNG'S, 218 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Oood upright: cheap. SCHMTTZ, 1J
McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bask.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City of
Paris. Stockton and Geary its.— Elegant new
offices and stores.
$20— STORE: 1 show windows and 5 lars« rooms-
adapted tn any bostn— m. 421 Sixth st.
PALMISTRY.
ST. GERMAIN College of Palmistry. Neergard*
Pres.: reads 1 to S; b> mall $_ <ig Qeary st!
PERSONALS. ~~
•¦BERKELEY"— Letter nctlxtZ auT~ilnnT
day at 4 o'efock. y
BEIXE— OUDUY " ~~
' 13 NOT A LADY.
WANTED—To meet a lady desirous of becom-
«1 S £r!? m and clalrv °yant: must have $400
2 t n«« r ¦ ten °f ra P h «'s and others who wls_
_tojncrease their speed ln shorthand.
A lan?S^. l! « ak i n!r knowle <Js« of the Spanish
language can be acquired in a few week* hv
n h eVcXT^r n s a^ m ,? thod « H«!?s
_nwa_Conege Night School; terma reasonable
s3S_S_£S?_f_»S3^
_ls« i«i mlt * Co ' ; 6K Kes »«»y. near Sacta:
»lao 1644 Market st.. under St. Nicholas.
E Hft ( cT RR 4 II 4 CTC T^ h i 9 ln ever * rocn >: Winchester
25c to II M £* '\ nMr Market: 100 roens;
im* bua and baggag* to aad from th* t «-«.
8AMERICAN LINE.
RSW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARII
Stopping at Cherbourg.' westbound. ¦
From New York every Wednesday, 19 a. m.
6t Paul... .Feb.. . 7 Frlesland ...... .Feb. 28
New York. Feb. 14 New York March 7
St Louis ...Feb. Jl St. Paul..... ..March 1*
¦ . RED STAf? LINE. .- •
;*>;vv. '. New York; aod, Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Westernland ....Feb. 7[Frlesland Feb. 28
Kensington Feb.. 14j South wark ...March 7
Noordland Feb. 21 1 Westernland ..March 14
EMPIRE. LINE.
SeattU. St. Micboel., Dawson City
For full Information regarding freight . and
< -> passage apply to
nrrBTWATTONAL NAVIGATION COMTANT,
10 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
Leave Arrive
r Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
¦ October 15.
Week j Sun- 18S9. Sun- Week
;. Days. I days. Destination, day*. ' Days.
7:39 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
1:30 pm J:3o«m Petaluma. 6:05 pmflO:2s «m
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa.' 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
Fulton.
7:SO am Windsor. 19:25 am
Healdsburg.
. Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 1:90 am Cloverdale. 7:C pm 6:8» pm
7:30 ami IHopTand and I I
( 8:00 ami Uklah. I 7:15 pm! «:23 pm
7:SO am " 10:26 am
8:00 am Gueraeville. 7:35 pm ••. -
3:80 pm «:gpm
"7^30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma (10:40 am S:4i>ant
I and 1
• 6:10 pm S:Copm| Glen KUen. |»:Cspm >>_¦ pra
7:30 ami 8:00 ami SebastcpoL 110:4) ara!lo:2s am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm| . | 7:85 pm| 6:g pm
Stages connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
Eprings and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
lor Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uktah for Vtchy
Springs. Saratoga SpriDgs. Blue Lakes. Leu~!
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lak?. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hulivlile. Orr-s
Hot Springs. Mendoclno CJty. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Vsal. Wiltlts. ftytonvtlle. Cum-
inlngs's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen s. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General Manaxtr. . «!_«.»__«. a--**.
Sun rises • ...:.... 7:10
Sun sets ........,......;.... ..6:24
Moon scts..t • 0:00 a. m.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER!* RY. CO.
. ¦ LESSES
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCSO TO SAN ItAFAEI..
WEEK DATS — 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:13.
8:50. 6:10. 6:SO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS — 8:00. 1:10. 11 a. m.; 1:30. S:M.
B:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCSO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO., 7:SO. 9:20. 11:10 a, m.; 11:45.
8:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and S:SS p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:1Q a. m.: 1:40. 1:40. 3:06.
6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scauetze* Park
same schedule as above.
PERSOXALS.
LKADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; rr.ake-up ar.d wigs: country orders so-
» '.c-ted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market St.
IF J-ou wish fu!l value for your caet-off cloth-
_ ir.gca.ll on B. Cohen. HI Third; tel. black 412».
FIBER'S sweepers are the beet and cheapest.
A.l ktnds repaired and for sale at 342 Butter.
COLEMAN buys dotting, bric-a-brac tools.
carpets. o ij gola . >end tor hlrn KcaraV-
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: bock for stamp. C Eddy st.
WANTED— OId frold for"manurg. O. NOLTE,
' iwtoy.tO QryJKwM. bet. Powell and Mason.
FTAMMEIUNG corrected: booklet. J. WKITE-
HOUN. A.M.. Ph.D.. HIS Ltrden. Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
rOLYCHUOME "paperi ~rtcbHin~^nX~«*y~to
work: low price; umplt dozen 4x5 and dere-1-
tr-er mailed 25c. ral. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
PHYSICIAN'S AXD SURGEOXS.
TAIvALYSIS:
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HAlil) TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
SCROFULA. ECZEMA; FKIN DISEASES.
CONSUMPTION'; *
OLD ETAXDBCO CHRONIC DISEASES.
Curti where all other have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
D'.fTerer.t frcm er.r other treatment.
Writ* fcr references. Consultation free.
r>it L. J. STRATTON. tCT. 60S and 60S Tar-
r->tt buiiair.g. (Over the Emporium.)
DR. C. C. ODONNELL— Office and residence,
iraw Market tt., bet, eixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— To purchase, equity in house ajid
lot. E rooms or more, old styl* or modern.
Aiflreßs box 56X, Call office, statin* price
nv.fi location.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO .
.-* „¦ ' ¦ Market •*•• C ?P- Kearny.
175.000— Grand cor.. €0 ft., within block of
Baldwin; positively the cheapest property
tfi^wntown) In the city.
t-".f*y^— Hare investment: vicinity Powell and
Gfary; 4-Ftory brick building; etcres and lodg-
tng-bouat above; 36 ff>et front.
BC&M—Stou- Ertdr and Jcres; store and 28
room* abov«»: modern: pays 7 per cent net.
f24.'fOo— Sixth ft.; 75 feet frcst; rents t:4?0
yearly: go'-xi building; 4 stores.
sr:,ino— Third ?t., about 2^ feet from Market;
rtere and Jcdging-house; terms, 'i cash.
flfi. s-«^— Mission Et.. near Third; best bargain
r.i Mlssicn «t. to-<iay.
JlS.OftO — GranO investment : r«its fIST
Jir.OCV-tE. cor. Mason and Washington; 82:8
j'tf: make effpr. V
s:C3O-*6tx rood fiats; rents S?O yearly; down-
town: lot 50 feet front.
fKWO-Port et.; 2 good Cats; rents t6O; lot
rxno.
$6000 — Corner lot near Union Iron Works; 100
rV*>: fine business site.
J^SO— Cor. strre and « rocra flat; rent* $37;
foreclosure.
Sl7y>-Tw<» nice flats: rents fl« 50.
1750 — € rooms and iot 45x72 ft.
A. M." SPECK & Co.. 657 Market st.
IJ«PO— BARGAIN: large :H-story. high stoop.
tay-window cottage; vestibule entrance; bev-
tt i. plate glass dcuble doors: handsomely
paneled 7-foot wide hail, with winding stair-
case ee4 «Vj-foot newel post: parlor 11x17.
wairsccted £ r.rr rocxn 12x14; sitting room
(Wxl4: wainscoted extension kitchen lOxlJ;
celling* 12 feet high; ventilators; plaster cor-
r.ices; pantry, glass closet, etc, ; 2 bedrooms
end bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all with double-door entrance under bay;
!?t 15x120. with a rustic stable 10x25 at end;
rr.agiuSc«?nt view: all fcr JlSiO; no agents. J.
W. NEWTON. IE3O 12th aye.. sear X St.. Sun-
«et CUtrict. ! blocks frcm Golden Gate Park.
WALK TO OFFICE. WALK HOME.
Only t'iX' — Two cory bay-window fiats. 6
T r *zrrit 9.T.i bath each: latest plumbing: 6 man-
te:*: pay well; near Hotel Granada; $4700 bank
r;Ttcage at 6 pvr cent; tV.le is a very fine bar-
pain. a« it 1* very desirable and worth more
Eooney.
H. E. POEIILMAN. Real Eetate Agent.
£21 Montgomery «t.
A HARGAIN; SlOOO. part cash, buys a corner
house cf i room*. I Tats of 4 rooms: separate
errrances; streets graded; central location;
near street care, electric lights, etc ; the
cheapest ana most desirable place of resi-
cer.f* ia San Francisco is at Ocean View;
houses on Installments; lots from 5125 to $250
. in choice location*. THISTLETON. 272 Sa-'
dowa St., Ocean View.
MODERN flats— *£*>; containing 5 and t rooms
each; fclctly deccrated aad finished with all
modern conveniences; 621 Waller et., one
Mock from Height and Pierce; easy terrae.
F. NELSON. Builder.
POR sa'e cheap — House cf C rooms, conserva-
tory ir.l bath: lot ZZxZST-.t; all street and
sewer work done; will b* sold fhfsp on ao-
count of departure. Apply 221 W tiler «t.
COMTTiTTTABLE dweJTlr.g; 8 rooms and attic;
TIB But!) st.. ccrth side, near Webster, with
¦ : ¦nl-.h'HH rnrsltore, at a bargain. Apply H.
M. HETXEMAX. ICJ Sausome et.
FOR *a!e, cheap— New 2-story houses. 7 rooms;
latest itrrrcverr.ents; Noe and Hill eta.; Bear
Cartr^-rt. <-ars; patent sidewalk.
REAL ESTATE COI'XTRY — For Sale
A SPECIAL ofrenng of gilt-edge. Income, home
ranch, that simply cannot be surpassed; £5
acres, every inch cf which Is very choicest of
<i»«>p and rich, highly cultivated, practically
ipvei loam; Al fenciryt; is a.ere« perfection of
Fdl-beartßC orchard; 20 acree rurrants. yleld-
r-1 Gr> • :.¦-*'.* JaM year; masniflcent t-room.
modern residence; complete set of Sr.e out-
? uildir.gs: fell shad**! by grove of large oaks;
abanSance pure water under pressure In
fcuildiiigs aad ground*; living creek; adjoin-
ir.g traded school; only 2 miles by level.
ppr:nkied road from Haywards: will sacrifice;
rs!zbt subdivide.
N. I>. SICKELS. the LAND AGENT.
II G«ary rt.. opp. Chronicle building, 8. F.
/.'.'ERAGE Income over 11500 a year; unequaled
'.ocailon and most magniflcent orchard home
;r. the State; «acrlSeed at JiMO; worth SI3.G4J;
-cc cf debt but p<-c*j:!ar circumstances com-
;'l ..-.- N. D. SJCKELS— THE LAND
GENT, If G*»ry, cpp. Chronicle blfig.. S. F.
I." yoa have real estate., any county or Ptate in
th» Union, cesh cr exchange, list with us; try- ;
Ir.g to ciEj»c£e of it yourweif you lose chance
of investment. Parl£c States P-ealty Co., 220
Parrott buildtng : ' -
JVPS VALLEY lar.d and homes for sale at re-
duced prices. JAMES TUNSTEAD. San R*-
f ad. • ¦
J~W. HORN. SIS Main tt , Petaluma; real es-
tate end thcrourhbred Belrlan hares. Send
{or free list 'of Sonczr.a County bargains.
LOVELY Ml"brae villa tract ; f enc«*d ; trees;
complete water worka. BUTTERFIELD. 827
Market st.
WANTED— Unimproved cheap Kern County
lar.d for caeh; etate price and location. Box
3HI, C*H ofn*-"^
CHEAPEST ar.d best In America— The Weekly
<"all. I*> r»R~*. •"'Et to any address in the
United State*. r>oe;pald. {or tl per year.
ROOMSFOR HOISEKEEPIXG.
OLIFOPVIA 2^22— Sunny room; 1 cr 2 gentle-
rr.es; breakfast, if desired; private faaliy;
rf-fercnce* exchar.ged.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch oJ.ce. 2200 Ftllmore st.
TLLIP 141t— Two unfurnished rooms; sunny;
prate and closets; light housekeeping.
FITIL £¦«>— Double parlors, kitchen and bath,
rumisbr-d. UO; also 3. SV.; con., single. $4 up.
FOL6OM. ZZr— Large runny furnished room; I
ttcfct housekeeping: tl to weekly.
HA RJtISOV 731— Front and back parlor, furn.
complete for hcurekeerg: large yard; rent HZ.
Hyi>E. 4f«— Funny parlor eulte; completely fur-
r.if.h#d tor housekeeping, also front parlor.
JJAKKET, IC2S— Two rooms, partly furnished
for housekeeping. X: yjngle rooms t3.
SIARKETT. IS24— Nice cczy room; wa; large
cl«"?t; telephone; r*nt $8.
NATOMA. €o—2 houpekeeping rooms, $J M: no
cfcildr^n; no dogs; «un all day^
OAK. 11$— 2 sucny rooms complete for heavy
noußekeeping. $10: also 1 room, same, $€.
PIKE. ISOO— 2 suncy. nicely furnished front cor-
ner rooms: es* ranee; folding bed; reasonable.
FIXTn. IS6— Hooms for light boueekeeplng:
quiet- house.
TU'ENTY-THIRD. f72«. near Doloree—* ennny
bay-wlsdow rooms, complete.
VALENCIA SZ4S. near Twentietlj — Sunny front
rwai and kitchen, furnished; rent reasonable;
bath; no children^ -;' .
Van* NESS nve . SOO-fluit* of rireJr 'urn!sh«d
runny parlors for housekeeping: also others.
* BRANCH olflce for C»ll'*dyertwsmeßta and
eubfccrtptioM fca« been established at IWI Va-
kr.cla ft.
A BRANCH office for the retention of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has. been opened
at 323 Polk st.: open till » p. m.
J- nRANCH office for Call advertisements ani
• übMrriptlcns has been eetabllnhed at the
Tierthw^rt corner nt Twenty-second and Ken-
torlry rt«. : or?gn t!H > p. m.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnra. and I,'nfßrn.
A— BRUNSTCICX HOUSE. 14« .Sixth -Rooms
lie to {1 i«t night; $1 £5 to $S per week, and
.•' : housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor »U.~
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
tath: rooms 60c to tl 60 day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT a Second— Nice new papered and reoo-
«atc« fro&t rocmz; Jl M to « 60 a week.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Cnfarn,
A^^llS^Lld^R^llOU^/^^iT^u^h^itr. T aT-
Jolnlng the Huss Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA, 23? Poet., cor. Stockton — Sunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and ail conveniences.
BURNETT. Hit Market et. (old No. 1864)— Fur-
r.ished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON. 12« Market, cor. Golden Gate
•ye.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rme. A offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2350 Flllmore.
FIFTEENTH. 1530— Neatly , furnished room;
lady or gentleman; $5 per month.
FOLSOM. 965, comer Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new mgmt.
FOLROM. 1107B— Furnished front room, suitable
for 2 men, with stove. 12 a week.
FOURTH. 222H— Nicely furnished bay-window
and single rooms; reasonable; quiet.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport Huum)- Sunny rooms;
bay windows: run. water; gas; tl 25 to $2 50.
GEARY. R5« (The San Joee)— Sunny bedroom;
newly furnistied suite; hot water: bath.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnUh-
ed roorr.e. en rulte or Blngle. MRS. H. HYER.
GOLDEN GATE aye,, 727— Nicely furnished
front room; private family: reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
ar.d Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle: ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HOWARD. $29— Clean, respectable; 25c-$l per
c'.ght: fl-$3 rer week; Howard cars to door.
HOWARD! 7f1»4— Nicely furnished sunny bay
window; other rooms; reasonable,
HYDE. 4f.S— Elegantly" furnished front parlor:
I a.so housekeeping suite; 116.
j KEARNY at,, near Chronicle — Suite of I or 8
elegant parlor* suitable for a club of gentle-
men; rent reasonable. Address box 2513, Call.
LEAVENWORTH, 405, near Bills— Rooms to
let.
MINNA. 657. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, tl per week; transient.
; MISSION. 76S— 1 large and 1 small fur. front
room: quiet Ger. fam.: cheap to steady rmr.
• OCTAVIA. *IS— Quiet sunny furnished, rooms;
' reasonable.
1 O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, I<C2— Sunny unfurnished front
bay-window room.
OLIVE aye., 127—2 unfurnished rooms, with use
of kitchen: 16. '¦
POWELL. 612, bet. Bush and Pine — Sunny
front single room; modern house; bath, etc
ROSEDALE House. Sl9 & 821 Ellis St.— Rooms
per night, 25c to tl; week, tl 25 to $4; open all
night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent light.
reading room. Emoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per right, 35c to Jl 60; week, t2 to
tS; month, tS to t3O; elevator en office floor;
room? with tot ar.d cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 603— Nicely furnished eunny
rooms, single, double and housekeeping.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming bouse
fcr good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptior.s has been established at 10?J Va-
lencla st. •
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from tS: whitened, tl up;
peintir.g done. Harttr.an Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for t4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4.5 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. t£2o.
se\Vixg~machiS"es~axd i supplies.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency.Ho 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
i PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
I Orfice. 401 Post St., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
BERKELEr ADVERTISEMEJiTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
1 WSO9— NEW J-roora house; adjacent .to V. Ci
I perfect In design and finish; corner lot.
I Sl3&0 — Near station; 6 rooms: same as rent. .
Jlooo— S room*: 5«-foot lot; Golden Gate.
t2OG— Lot K>xl3o: half price.
tlOO— Several lots: one third of actual value.
M. L. WURTS. 17th and Broadway. Oakland.
I OAKLAND, ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
( -_,*.^_,_ ¦ -,_. -?,-x. „ -w
i J3?3O— OWNED by a bank and . have lnstrue-
! tions to sell for cash or easy terms, this 9- I
room house, bam, coachman's room, etc.; lot I
€5- foot front; splendid flower garden; foun- I
tain in front yard: parlor laid in hard wood;
an ideal home and right In the heart of the
city and close to trains to San Francisco: see
It. J. S. MEYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
t2200 ONLY.
1 7 rooms, bath; all the latest improvements;
} lot 40x225: street work all complete: splendid
I residence location; cost late owner t*5W; must
; r.» sold this week. J. S. MEYERS. 1002
j Broadway. Oakland.
I FOR »a!e In i Oakland— Eight-room residence,
modernised and complete in every detail; lot
C0xl09: Alice et.. near 13th; best residence
neighborhood in Oakland; 8 " minutes from
Narrow Gauge depot; attractive price; month-
ly payment* if desired.
HERON A HOLCOMB,
1060 Broadway. Oakland.
77-71 Crocker building. San Francisco.
OAKXAXD FCRXISIIED ROOMS.
FRANKLIN. 1427— Sunny rooms: newly fur-
nished: near to narrow gauge.
OAKXAXD FCRMTUBB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
faralture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
• PROPOSALS.
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the Lighthouse Inspector. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. until 12 o'clock m.. March I. 1900,
and then opened, for furnishing and deliver-
ing, provisions for vessels and stations in the
Twelfth Lighthouse District for the fiscal year
ending June 80. 1901. In accordance with speci-
fications, copies of which, with blank propos-
als and other information may be had upon
application to U. SEBRCE, Commander, U.
S. N ___ J ¦ :
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the Llrhthouse Inspector. San Fran-
cisco, Cai.. until 1J o'clock m.. March L 1900,
an>i then cpened, for furnishing and deliver^
lrur fuel for. vessels and stations. In the
Twelfth Lighthouse Dlatrict for the fiscal
year ending June 83. 1301, in accordance with
specifications, 'copies of which, with blank
proposals and Information, may be had upon
application to U. SEBREB, Commander, U.
8: N. ' - -
~BIRTHS— MABRIAOES— DEATS&
Birth, marriage and death notices 6ent by
mail will t>ot be inserted. They mutt be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
son* authorized . to have the same published.
dIEd.
Abrahams. Lesser KoHrer. Anthony
Bofcart. John W. Kramm. Charles H.
Buckley. Mary A. linomis, Barney*
Uoegernhausen. So- McColgan. Cella
j.hia. Malmedy. Julia
Brunner. Phillip Murphy. Amy M.
Blanehfield. Mrs.Han- Mayhew. George H. -
nab Martin. Miriam K.
Bockman. John C. Mahany. Sarah
Cluff. Thomas M. Nelson. Charles A.
Cottello. Edward Nelson. Cella
Crosby. Sarah F. ONetl. Ellen
Itettelbarh. Morritz Peterson. Daniel
Davis. James Russell. Emma
Fay Sophia Rohrs. John D.
Godfrey Rebecca B. Etanton. Hannah B.
Hamlll. Amelia C.H. . Texton. Clara A.
"*^ Westfleld. Robert
ABRAHAMS— In this city. February 3. 1900,
Lesser beloved husband cf Riecke Abrahams.
'aihVr" of Sam and Jack Abrahams, and
brother of^Mrs. H. Jacobs. Mrs. R. Jacobs
and ! LlppmSn M.. Charles and H. Abrahams,
a native of Germany, aged 88 years and- S
""cy Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fsilTv "Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from his late resl-
i^nre 1407 Powell street, near Broadway, and
"henci by 11:30 o'clock train to New Salem
Ometery for Interment- . ' . ¦
BOOART-m this city. February 8. ISOO. John
W eon or the late John M. and Christina
T^'Bcrart. and brother of Charles H., Eugene
it and Jamet A. Bogart. a native of San
Francisco, aged 85 years. . .',
CXFrleads and acquaintances are respect- ,
Shipping Intelligence.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
. DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Epear-street Wharf at 1» a. ra. '
•EADE £l 2 F |rst Cla»s Including Berth
rMIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails...... Feb. 7. 17. 27, Mar. J, 19
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 12. 22. March 4, 14. 24 j
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest. I
Through tickets to al! points East.
E. C WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.,
~\ Superintendents:
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
fully notified that the funeral will take place
this day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his
lale residence. 150SH I Sacramento street,
thejice to St. Peter's Episcopal Church, cor-
ner Stockton and Filbert streets, for serv-
ices .at 1:30 o'clock, and thence to Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN Council No. 2. Jr. O. U.
A. M.— Officers and brothers: You are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
•brother. J. W. Bogart. at Bti Peter's Church,
corner Stockton and Filbert streets, this
day (Monday), at 1:20 o'clock. By order of
H. M. SCHMIDT. Councilor.
J. W. COBBT, Rec. Sec.
MARTHA WASHINGTON Council. D. of L.—
Ofdcers and members: You are requested to
attend the funeral of our late brother. J. w.
Bosart. at St. Peter"* Church, corner Stock-
*ton and Filbert streets, this day (Monday),
at 1:30 o'clock. By order of • ¦..;;---•— ¦
M. MOORE. Councilor.
M. LATHROP. Rec. See.
BUCKLEY— At rest in this. city. February 4.
1900. Mary A., beloved wife of Jere J. Buck-
ley, and mother of J. A. and J. Buckley. Mrs.
E. Summerville and the late C. A. Buckley,
a native of South Boston. Mass. (Boston,
Mass..' papers please copy.)
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:S0 o'clock, from her late
residence, 108 Brewster street, near California
avenue, thence to St. Peter's Church, where
servlcee will be held for the repose of her
soul, oommenclns; at 11 o'clock. Interment
• private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
BOEGERSHAUSEX— In this city. February 8,
1900. Sophia, beloved child of John and Er-
nestina Boerrerthausen, a native of San
Francisco, aced 1 month and 10 days.
BRUNNER— In this city, February 4. 1900.
Phillip, dearly beloved husband of Barbara
Brunner, and faxher of Fred and Phillip
Brunner Jr.. a native of Germany, axed 48
years and 14 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are resjject-
1 fully invited to attend the funerai to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. SSS Dolores street, near Twenty-eec-
ond, thence to Elntracht Hall. Twelfth street,
near FoUom. where services will be held
under the auspices of Verein ElntracHt, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ¦ ; , . .--
BLANCHFIELD— In this city, February 4. WOO.
Mrs. Hannah Blanehfield. dearly beloved wife
of Thomas Blanehfield. and mother of Stella
Blanehfleld, a native of County Tlpperary,
Ireland.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 128 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Flllmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem hieh mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencins «t 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BOCKMAN— In this city. February 4, 1900.
John C. beloved husband of Maxle W. Bock-
man. father of H. W., J. R. and F. C. Bock-
man and Mrs. Marie yon Borneman. and
uncle of Clara Bockman. a native of Ger-
many, aged 70 veara 5 months and 8 days.
A member of Golden Gate Stamm No. 74, U.
O. R. M. (New York papera please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 414 Brannan street. Interment I. O.
O, F. Cemetery.
CLUFF— In this city. Feb->ary ». 1900, Thomas
M.. beloved husband of Marearet V. Cluff.
father of Alfred and Geraldlne Cluff. and
brother of William Cluff and Mrs. Margaret
Watkins, a native of Trelleck. bounty Ty*
rone. Ireland, aged 40 years 7 months and 7
days.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, oorner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of King Solomon's Lodge
No. 260. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
THE funeral of the late Colonel Thomas
M. Cluff, Assistant Adjutant, Divi-
sion National Guard of California, will be
held from the Masonic Temple this day
(Monday), at. 2 o'clock. In an order issued
this evening by General Dickinson all officers
of the National Guard who can do so are in-
vited to attend the funeral In sen-Ice uniform
and a military escort is provided for. The
funeral services will be held under the aus-
pices of King Solomon's Lodge, F. and A. M.,
of which deceased was a member.
COSTELLO— In this city. February 4. 1900. at
his residence. 1006H Natoma street. Edward,
beloved son of tbe l&te James and Margaret
Costello, and brother of Joseph, Michael,
George. Julia and Margaret Costello and Mrs.
Wallace Jamison and Mrs. Frank E. Wilson,
a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years and
24 days.
Cr Notice of funeral hereafter.
CROSBY— In this cVty. February 2, 1900. Sarah
F. Crosby, beloved mother of Emma F. Jes-
sup, and beloved sister of the late Lucy A.
and Emma A. Keyes. a native of New, Be-
dford, Mass. (Massachusetts and New Hamp-
shire papers please copy.)
ETTFrlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. W7 Van Ness avenue. Interment pri-
vate.
DETTELBACH— In this city, February 4, WOO,
Morrltz Dettelbacb. a native of Germany,
aged FS years and 8 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Hebrew
Heme for Aced and Disabled, 607 Lombard
street, thence lv 3:SO o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery.
DAVIS— In the City and County Hospital. Feb-
ruary 4. ISO, James Davis, a native of Cali-
fornia, ared IS years.
FAY— In this city. February 4. 1940, Sophia
Fay, beloved mother of Mrs. John Armstrong
and Ctarles M. Williams, a native of New
York, aged 73 years.
GODFREY— In this city. February 4, 1900, Re-
becca 8.. wife of the late Nathaniel A. God-
frey, mother of Sadie A., Annie R., Mabel
W.. Addle P. and Nathaniel A. Godfrey Jr..
and «'st»r r>t John A. Barber, a native of
Nantucket, Mass.. aged 72 years and 4.months.
HA MILL— In this city. February 3. ISOO. Ame-
lia Coffin Hill Hamlll. widow of the late
William Hamlll. a native of New York.
|C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
j KOI£LZEK— In this city. February 2, 1900, An-
1 thnny, beloved husband of Mathilda Koelzer,
j and father of Anthony F. Koelzer. a native
of Germany, aged 63 years and t months.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 -o'clock, from the parlors of
' 11. F. Suhr & Co.. H37 Mission street, between
I Seventh and Eighth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KRAMM— In Oakland, February 4, 1900, Charles
H., dearly beloved husband of Carrie A.
Kramm, father of Caroline A. Kramm, son
of Mrs. Augusta and the late Charles Krarom.
and brother of Otto, Henry and Joseph
Kramm. a native of Oakland, aged 28 years
11 months and 15 days.
E7 1 Friend!" and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
¦Wednesday. February 7, at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of his mother, Mrs. Augusta
Kramm. 314 Telegraph avenue, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. .
LOOMIS— In this city, February t. 1900, at his
residence. 2715 Bryant street, Barney.' be-
loved husband of Hannah A. Loomls, a na-
tive of Westmoreland? Oneida County, N. V..
aged 70 years. (Westmoreland, Oneida
County. N. V.. papers please copy.)
(C7Frlends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 6:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 271S Bryant street, thence by 11 o'clock
creek-route boat to Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland, for Interment.
McCOLOAN— In this city. February 4, 1900.
Cella, beloved *l«ter of James and George
McColran and Mr». B. Redriek. a native of
County Donegal. Ireland, aged 34 years.
MALMEDT— In this city. February J, 1900,
Julia Malrnedy. beloved mother of Ernest
Malmedy, and grandmother of J. Henry and
Gustave A. Wleser and Millie, Clara, Elsie,
Leonle and Helen Malmedy; a native of Ger-
many, aged 68 years 5 months and 20 days
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 225 Day street, between Twenty-ninth
and Thirtieth, Church and Sanchei. Inter-
ment CyDress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
MURPHY— In this city, February 2, 1900, Amy
M. Murphy, beloved daughter of Daniel
Murphy and Amy L. Dart, a native of Eu-
reka. Cal.. aced 17 years 11 months and 17
da; s. -• r .
CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1*35 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
MAYHEW— In Oakland, February 4, 1900
George Henry, beloved husband of Rosa May-
hew, and father of Mrs. Lowell Harday, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 45 years 10 months and
ZS days.
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1071 Bruch street,. Oakland. Inter-
ment private. .
MARTIN— In Oakland, February 4. 1500, Miriam
X., wife of Dr. W. N. Martin, a native of
Vermont, aged 83 years.
MAHANT— In this city*- February 4, 1900. Sarah
Mahany. a native of New York.
NELSON— In this city, February 4, ¦ 1900 l
Charles A., beloved husband of Mamie A.
Nelson, father of Violet and Ethel Nelson,
and son of Mary and the late Andrew Nel-
son, a native of Baltimore. Md., aged. 3o
yean* 11 months and 1 days. A member of
Court Amerira No. 64j4. A. O. F., and Court
Southerti Heights No. 1150, Independent Order
of Foresters. (Baltimore papers please copy.)
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. February 7. at ,2 o'clock, from his late
residence. 231 Mississippi street, near Eight-
. eenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
NELSON— In the City and County Hospital
February 4, 1909, Cella Nelson, a native of
Ireland, aged 33 years.
O'NEIL— In thin city. February ' 3. 1900. Ellen
* McAVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS * EMBALMERS.
1235 Market et, between Bth and 9th. •
Telephone South 247. . ' - ¦: ¦; r.v.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
NOTE— In the above exposition lof the tides
the early morning tides' are given In : the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
tbe day. the third time column the third tide
and. the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three- tides, as I sometimes occurs.' The \ heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus ilgn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number glen is subtracted from'
the depth given by the charts; The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 8.
t Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.) «
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb.* 4— 6 p.. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Station*— . ** hours, season, season.
Kurck-i ••••••••••••••••••• 0- ~~ ' 34 .88 ¦ IS. At
Ked Bluff ••• 0M 15>w 13 - 1S
Sacramento O.OT 13.71 7.85
San Francisco .».••• 002 1467 7.77
Fresno °-°° *- 14 l -S6
Independence 0-™ 2-M - 1.1&
San Luis Oblspo Trace 12. « 7.15
Los Angeles Trace 4.57 . 2.68
Pan Diego '0.00 2.6J 3.87
Yuma °-°0 0.88 1.34
San Fr&nctsco data: Maximum temperature,
84: minimum. 46; mean. 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Pacific Coast. Scattering light showers have
fallen in California during the day and snow
is falling in Nevada this evening.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
western portion of the country and fallen over
Arizona and Southern California. |
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary in all districts. It is nearly normal west
of the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
Northern California Monday, showers, and
colder In Southern California and snow and
colder in Nevada and Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco fox thirty
hours ending midnight, February 6, 1900:
Northern California — Fair Monday; fresh
north wind.
Southern California— Cloudy, with showers
Monday; colder; fresh northerly wind.
Nevada— Snow, colder Monday.
Utah— Snow, colder Monday.
Arizona— Snow. ln north portion, rmin In south
portion Monday; colder. • -
San Francisco ai»d vicinity— Fair Monday;
fresh north wind.' O. H. WILLSON.
¦ Local Forecast Official:
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Elizabeth B. Hahn to Eleonora Howell. lot
on N line of Pacific street. 100 W of Polk. W
23:6 by N 1C0; rift. • -
Edwin S. and Rebecca C. Tucker to Jacob
Cnna, lot on S line o< Jackson street,, 100 E of
Buchanan. E 27 :« by S 120; JlO.
Estate of Albert 8. Roeenbaum (by trustees).
Joseph and Mary J. Brandensteln (and a» trus
tees), Jane Brandenstein, Samuel M.. Albert
M., Emil D. and Charles W. Rosenbaum and
Virginia and Julia Strasßburger to Katherine
M. Sperry (wife of Horace B.). lot on N line
of Broadway, 102:6 W of Stelner atreet, W 42;6
by N 137 :«: $10. .
Katherine M. and Horace B. BDerry to May
belle Naphtaly (wife of S. L.), lot on N line of
Broadway 102:8 W of Steiner, W 2:6 by N 137:8;
UO. ; , . . ¦ ;
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEA^-E WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllne at
Kobe (Htogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting At Hongkong with •teamera for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of -sallins. -
NIPPON MARC ...Friday. Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, March 7
HONGKONG MARUs Saturday. March 31
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
iZI Market St.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TO SAEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
E Carpenter. Sacto
J Hyman. Cal
F Hendricka. Rd Bluff
S J Peterson, Rd Bluff
M J Farrell & w, Cal
A T Currier. Los Ang
W Law son, Alvarado
Miss Shlffer, Alameda
J Jackson, Alameda
A P Smiley. Cal
A B Watson. Cal
H Lion. San Jose
P Rauke, Berkeley
J A Johnson, Berkeley
W H Cooper, Berkeley
C D Prlngle, Berkeley
B Henley. Berkeley
F H Jacks. Berkeley
J D Miller. Stanford
F M Meuohan & w, Cal
F Freskow, Crockett
O Hrtroer. Sta Barbara
W P Dickson. Tacoma
C S Kin*. Oregon
G W Drysdale & w, Cal
J.M Jones. Colusa
W N Klmball. Bacto
W M Sims. Sacto
O M SaJiders. La Ang
J Threben. Sacto
H C Ross. Sacto
J Green, Courtland
Mr» All*n. Courtland
J Goldman, Merced
C A Storke. Sta Barb
J Neuschler * w, N V
W Walker, Sacto
H H Rose. Pasadena.
D Campbell. Los Ang
P W Morse, Watsonvll
W M Glbeon & w. Cal
G Nichols. S L Oblspo
W S Lerman. B 1. Obis
Miss H Heyer. Cal
H A Smith. Astoria
Miss N E PalmUg. Cal
Miss P Keppler. N V
M Gilehrist. Butte
S Blath, Chicago
M X Grant.* w. Cal
W H Atkinson. Napa
F H Busby. Cal
J Applegate, Alaska
Dr Weldon. 8 Pedro
A A Smallfleld. Cal
L C Black. San Joee .
Dr R E Reese, Cal
W P Thomas^ Uklah
R J Nixon. Yreka
L G Brayton. Sacto
W Dlnsmore, Mary evil
W Meseereau & w. Cal
W M Straus, Mexico
W J Rouse, Eugene
PALACE HOTEL
E Klauber, Chlcasro
W H Oorham, Seattle
F O Miller, Riverside
G B Barham. Los Ang
B Lee. Los Ang
W Bergen, Milwaukee
Mrs Bergen, Milwaukee
L Demmer, Mllwkee
Mrs Demmer, Mllwkee
W M Pekin. Sacto
F Mann, Milwaukee
Mrs Balrd, Plttsburg
Miss Balrd. Plttsburg
Joe Gavin. Denver
Mrs Gavin. Denver
W. Heabay, S DleRO
Mrs N Ward, Dakota
Frank Ward, Dakota
W J Ard, Ontario
S B Hicks, Seattle
H White, Seattle
G P Rowell, N V
Mrs. Rowell, N V
R II Heron. Los Ang
H Hensch. Philada
J Drucker. Baltimore
A Crowder. S Diego
J Wilson. Brooklyn
Mrs. Wilson, Brooklyn
C E Halle. Loa Ang
J H Allen, N T
Ben Marx. N V
T S Bunte. N V
W Murphy, Carson
H Brown, N V
R Vauth. Taooma
Mrs-Vauth, Tacoma
S Gelplart. lowa
O Hume, Richmond
M Kahn. Philada
J A McAfee, Toledo
W Newberg, N V
Mrs W Feldstein, Paris
A C Morrie, Washtn
Mrs Morris, Washtn
X A tan!, Yokohama
X Want. Yokohama
T Mizutany, Japan
Dr T Flint, S Juan
Mrs Flint. S Juan -
E C Hopper, Ky
A-Thayer, NY ».-
S Q Wlllets. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEU
B Fisher, L Ang
W Dierks, Nebraska.
C W Ross,' Wlngham
J Dilworth, High Bluff
X Bezemer, Napa '
P C Mayf ord, N T
F Crosby &. w. S R .¦ -.
W Thomas, Vallejo . '
c McKlFslck. S Jose
E» Johnson, Uklah •
J Klne, Cloverdale
C Westberfc. Stkn
J Leeson, L Ang
W S .Kendall, L Ane
P Newman, I-Ans
A Rickard. Martinez
W E Stepherrson, Colo
C F Mllea & w. Wash .
A C Orattan. Waah
RATLBOAD TBAVEL.
, »«HTTHERS P*»IFIO CO9PAST.
|r \ririo iitstcx.)
i Tralai l«»v<> nml nr* «in« l» crrite m%
¦ HA9 Flt.l.X'lHCl*.
(Xala Line, Foot of Market Street)
I ls*tb — Vxov Dzczixsn IS, 1339. — akxitv
•7iooa Bcnlda, Stdsnn, Ehs!x». V-oarQSp
Rt&nseyand Kacnmento ; *7:t3r
' *7<o9a Shasta Eiprr«a— iKt'.i, WUlairs.
• Ketl Bluft PcrtlacO.. ...7?..... *7t4Sr
•7x3t»A llaitiuez. t_ul:a:::on. V.L'?jo.
Calistcga ar.d Sinta r.nsa •«:13y
•8:3«* The OtezUnil Limited— Osden. Deo.
ter. ()_:al_k tt:ca» 1 *3:t3#
I a Si3»A Sau Jo«e, liTerasors. .Stockfou.
">-• ¦¦• loce, Sacrameisto. Placerrillet
> - JUrja»l]l^. Chico. i:<*l Eluflf •lil.i-
•t:no* •Milton. Oakdale an.» Sonera »I:ISf
i '0:00 a Haywards. .Niaar.l Vt'ay Stations. • 1 1 :!."»»
; »»:OO a Darit; WootUacd. Knigb-i Laadlag.
HansTillo. OroTiU~.. •~:ISy
•9;««* Atlantic r.xpress— Ogdcn ar.d Eass •0:43*
'¦ "OsOO \ Slsrtlnex, Trrcy. Lathrop. Srocktca.
M erced ami fresco MS:I3y
: »HiOO» Port Costa, lisres, McJ~.ro and Los
Angeles ••:4.1p
•lOiOOa Vallejo, Martfaei and Way Stations *H:lsr
'. •lltOUAllaywardH.NUeaarU Way StaUcns. *2sl3y
i •IS<OVx Hues, latenaoro, htochton. Maera-
R?r.to, j.'".iOju, lianforj. Vbalia,
FcrteniUo .' Mn»»
fl:«tp Sacramento i:iTerSt?»meni
! *tl:o9e Haywaxda, Nilca acd Way Btatiocs. •»« 13r
»4:—t Martlner, han lUraoi.. Vallejo.
: Naptk, C»lUtni;». fSaut- I'osA «UU3*
: *4t9*w Benlcia, Vaeaf iile, Haeraiuanto,
Wcoulaml, Unti.lita Lao diDZ,
MaxjiTi!!?. Oio*i!!« •l»:4.1«
"4iSO* UDes, Haa Joseantl Stockton *7>13»
•B:**rTb« O»l llicited— Tracy, Titma.
Bakera€elil. ir',j.:z".i fcr f.-tnta l!ar-
bara.ix>s Ans-l-s. 'iftz-tSA
•si»»p EcDset limited— El Taao. New Or.
¦ - • ¦' lescsaatl East «1O?4.1a
•SiS*r Stockton, Merced. Fresco •IS:ISf
•SiX«r Yremoa. UakeraiieM. Sauta lUr<<ara.
Loe Aneelca, I^irJot El Fasot
New Orleans and East *S:«.la
*BiB*r 8«nt» F« Itoute— Atlantio Ex;reM
for Mo!_Te kb<\ Km» m n-.4^e
••iO«p Hajwaxiu, KUesandUan Jose # ;.-l>v
t«<SOr Vallejo »l2il^p
•«i3Or Oriental Mail— Ogden and East •*:.!•*
J7ioor Vallejo. Port Costa tr.4 Vizj 6U.
Uoi*. tp>s3p
•BiO3r Oregon and California Kxi>rei»,^ac-
rauiento, Marjsviilc. I>c<l<l!::g,
PorHitn.t. Tuget 50.i.,1 an.l f.-wt «<ils»
C*ivr DITisEON (Ssrraw Ummgti.
j (Foot cf Jl.-.rkct Street. >
k StI3A NeTcaik.Centeriiiip.^'an Jcse, GVIr-on.
Bcn.'der Creek, San ta- Cmz a»<l TV ay
HtaUons •»».¦»•»
I t2i 1 5p Newark. Centcrrtlle. Han .lose. New
AlmadeD. I'eltcn, llculUer Creek,
fianta Ciuz and I'riuclpal V>'»j
BUtIODS tI»I«MA
MilSpKewark, San Jcia. LosCatos. »U:2Oa
{ It li 13 p Hnn tors' V.zsr.nLu, San Jcse ar.i
WayStstfcr-s :7igOp
CREEK ROUTE FERBY.
FnaSll MISCISCO— fjst •' latktt S:rnt iSi.i *)—
•7:15 9:00 11.-00j.ll. U:C3 *2::3 t3:C3
•iX3 t3:C3 •&eafM.
1 rnsiCJlUH— ri«l«fßra»J»«T.— *«:Co 8:C0 10:C3*.«.
ti2C3 *i:ca ¦ t:::a *3::3 tt::; '3:::r.M.
j COAST DIVISION <nroa.Hi«Hge).
1 (Third ni-.d Towns* ml SU>
I Id:lUi <ICf*i( \i.>». (-'.iiiMi K.ui !."¦..¦¦!<•,... t«:S«r
( ,*«tO«»A Han Jose ami War ,-^.lw (New
I »'• ¦ Almailcu •1:SO»
: ••»r«»» H*n Jose. Tittt Tiuos. - ; i.it i Cruz.
I ' Pacilio Gtata. l'aso r.-l.'. 1. Hau
¦ / I.ni.f Clilspo, . l iil, Lcmpoc ami
rriuclpal W«y %Uti..us # <:|*»p
•IOt4O« Ran Josa surf Way .Stations *feS3«
•I liSOa Baa Jcs» ati>l TVar stations *S:UVr
{ I fit tie Sau Mat-n. r ..Im-n.!. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, s-miw,
, Tres Pico*. Santa Cmz. BaUaaa,
Monterey ami l'aciflo Gro»3 tlrt::»3i
fri:S»p Saa Josa aud Way Stations # 7:CUe
fltlSpS-aJoseauaPticcipai WaySutlcns "J:lsi
4.1: OOp San Jose and Principal \VII7 .->:_tior« ?»:O«».»
1 *3:30p San Jcsoacil Principal WuySutioos '8:33 a
! •8::S0p San Jose and V aj Stations t«l:0tu
! t11:45r San Jpga mill Way StaHons
A for MorniuK. 1* for Afternoon.
• Daily. t Sunday errevfe'!. t B_ndaj only.
6 batnrday • n'-j.
-Tiailiti and Fridajs • Thtavdsys aod Bondars.
CfIUFORHiA Limited
Santa Fe Route
ToCIiSCAGO
This Is the quickest maning? and ca«t
luxurious - train across the continent.
Cosseciiso Tiiiis Leaves Sax Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
.Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with ail limited
. trains lor New York. -
OVERLAND I«eaTes San Francisco at .5:30
FVDDF^^ p. ia. with Palace and Tourist
* . Tw carafor Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and Easu
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulaxa nn * n
and Baiersfield. ' KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
'FDUm cnnN Market Street, Phone Main
TKI3UU 3UUP« i; 31; Oakland, HIS Broad-
war; Sacramento. 2)1 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa. Clara Street. (
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
•' S . K ¦.: Commencins October 1. 1833.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •7:«0. *9>3U. U:CO •- m.; *X; 45.
•3.40. .6:15. «:00. 8:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. W'eduesdays.and Saturdays,
at 9:CO and 11:30 o. m.
SUNDATS— *S:OO. •li):C0. *U:«) a. ni; I.IS,
S;l3. *4:45. «:30, 9:0O p. m.
TraJns marked (•> rua to San Quentln.
FROM 3AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *«:3:. 7:43. *9:W ». Nx;
•12.50, 2:13. *S4O. "3:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Eaturdays at S-.40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDATS— «:2O. '3:00. '10:00. •11:43 a. m.:
•1:40. •S.iS. 4:45. »S:3O t>. l!i.
Tram* marked <•> start from San Qnentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:43. 8:43. 7:55. »:45 a. m.;
11:35. 2:33. 3:45. J:2O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* aa4
Saturdays at 7: CO and \Q:V) p. m.
SUNDATS— B:OS. 10:03 a. m.: 11:03. 2:15. 3:».
1:00. t:45 V- m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Caradero and way stations.
1:49 p.' m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomalea and way station*.
A\OUNT TAMALPfJIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave SaA Francisco via Sausaiito Ferry.
Week days^ 9:20 a. m. and 1:45 p. n_
Sundays 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trian^i.
Fare — San Francisco to Summit and Re-rum.
n a. --
a Dr. Gibbon's .Dispensary,
f»Uv» «,*:.* R.wvr. Estabihined
In I S3 * for tbe treatment of Private
Di.<ieiiaes,'LnetMaabnod. Deblll:yor
disease »?e*rtnsr on body and mind and
Slcln Dfreaaes. 'l'hedoctorenreswheti
otberafalL Try him. CharKea low.
4'orr*raarunlt>f<l. Ca!lorwrit«b
Or. J. l'.til<uiO.V.Bes 1937.SaaFraaci»ca
OCEAN. TRAVEL. 1
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers leave Broadway
__. wharf, Ean Francisco:
kTVw_. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
H?'^ra_k Feb. 5, 10. 15. 10, 25. Mar.
|?_7f > *^_SMS M Chanare to company's *teaxn-
LSTfeSKYgre em at Seattle.
|K\sfil Val For Victoria. Vancouver.
__S?_j_J£Wi»«*l (B. C), Port Townsen-1.
r^^^BNs.Sa* Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes and New What-
"* com CV\'ash.). 10 a. m., Feb..
5, 10. 15. 20. 25. Mar. 2. and every fifth day
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company*
steamers tor Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). I p. m.. Feb. ,
3. 8. 13. 18. 23, 2S. Mar. S. and every fifth day !
thereafter.
For Santa Crua, Monterey, San Simeon. Cay- j
ncoB. Port Harford <San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota, !
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedrov*!
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9 ¦
a. m.. "Feb. ¦». 3, 12. 18. 20, 21, 2J. Mar. 4, and |
very fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford 1
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los ;
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m ..
Feb. 2. 6. 10. ¦ 14, IS. 23, 2*. "Mar. t. and every
fourth day thereafter. i
For Emenada, Magdalena Bay. Saa Joee del i
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas, Santa Rosalia !
and Guaymaa (ilex,). 19 a. m., 7th of each,
month.
For farther Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, calling dates and hours of •ailing,
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel.)
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Oen. Agts.,
10 Market it., San Francisco.
iLASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
.;.for/..
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
. , / ...AND...
.t > . ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNIT V BD STATES MAIL.
. FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO 8. S. "PORTLAND".. ApriI 30. 1*»
FROM 6EATTLE ..„ S. 8. "DOBA" ...^Aprtl SO. I*oo,
Jb.iOM'SAN FRANCISCO ...;......... S. 8. "RAINIER* '........ May 10, l»00
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAif FRANCISCO ..........B. B. "BT. PAUL." May »U»
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
$vM ' — ~~ — ~~~
For Juncau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM BDATTLB. ..'........ 8. 8. "BERTHA." ccmraenclng April Sta
For sew folders, maps and further particulars as to freight and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL. COMPANY. 810 Sansoma street. Baa Francisco. Cal.
For Seattle sailings apply to CAPT..JAB. CARROLL. Mutual Life Building. Seattle. WaaiL
AUCTION SALES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
beloved daughter of Patrick and the late
Catherine O'Nell. and beloved sister of John.
Denis, Patrick, Thomas and Mary O'Nell and
Mrs. Ed Gallacher. a native of San Fran-
cisco.: aged 13 years. 3 months and 9 days., ¦
cyNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the oarlors of Theo. Dlerka. »57 Mission
PETERSON-In this city. February ». 1900.
Peterson, beloved husband of Emma
• C Peterson, and father, of - Albert Peterson
and Mrs J. A. Sandell, a native of Oland.
Sweden, aged 62 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Foresters' Hall.
10» O'Karrell street, where services will be
n»ld under the auspices of Court Star of the
West No 6958, A. O. F. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Remains at the funeral par-
lors of J. Hagan. 1707 Sacramento street.
RUSSELL— In this city. February 3, 1900.' Em-
ma Russell, a native of South Dakota, aged
K~T Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at — o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ROHRS-In this' city. February !. 1900. John
D beloved husband of Meta Rohra, father
of Mrs E. Hoffman and George Rohrs, and
brother of George H. Rohrs. Mrs. John
Scbeebe. Mrs. John Petersen and Mrs. H.
Doscher. a native of Morlngen. Hanover, aged
II years 6 months and 16 days.
E7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streeta.
under the auspices of Concordla Lodge Nfl.
123, I. O. O. F. Interment I, O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. ¦
STANTON— In Oakland. February 4. 1900, Han-
nah E. Stanton, mother of James E. Stanton
of lowa and Mrs. Edwin C. Morrison of Oak-
, land,' a native of Chester. Mass.
TEXTON— In this city. February 4, 1900, Clara
\. , beloved wife of John Texton. a past
worthy matron of Adah Chapter No. ». O. D.'
8.. of Washington, D. C a native, of Wash-
ington, D. C, aced 69 years.
WESTFIELD— In this city. Robert WestCeld.
for twenty-three years eexton of Trinity
Episcopal Church, a native of Canterbury,
England, aged 88 years. - . "•* . '
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeTal . this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from .Trinity Epis-
copal Churchy .
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, 3IOXDAY, FEBRUARY 5,, 1900.
AUCTION SALE
fe fe fe
EXTRAORDINARY
HIGH-CLASS RACE HORSES IN TRAINIXO.
(A chance to get a ready-made racehorse.)
Compri.'incr
SATSUMA. DR. BERNAY3. SYBARI3.
WHITCOMB. TOM CROMWKLL. BLOOMINU
CHANCE. CYRIL and CORE.
TO BE SOLD ON
FRIDAY FEB. 9 1000,
_ At 12 m. at tbm
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
- ¦ (la the Paddock.)
Catalogues now ready.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
Successors to Ktllip & Co.
Livestock Auctioneers. 1122 Market st.
SPECIAL SALE
OF
40 HEAD BROKE HORSES.
fe AT fe
1615 MISSION PT.. BKT. 11TH AND mil.
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY. Feb. f. at 11 O'CLOCK.
By order of W. G. PALMER we will sell
without reserve or limit. 40 horses. Must be
sold regardless of price.
ffifJlWMlfS The P. S. Australia
T&weaili. F!i[is icr Honolulu
¦__ t sra """* Wednesday. Feb. /,
ii ""--_«. ISCO. at 2p. m.
Q+<<lJ,V/\Q +< <lJ,V/\ The S. S. Alameda
nwynfin !)«¦> * alls vla Honolula and
Cfl«'llUlliy Auckland for Sydney
iCiHß3flth Wednesday. Feb. 20.
•.- — f-"'*'-"*** at 3 p. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hmi l
Samoa - New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez,
England, etc.: $610 first class. '. •
i. 0. SPKECKtLSi3.tOS.CO.. Agts., H4Montaomer»
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Otnce.327 Market St
COMPASMIS GEHERALE TRA.NSATLiSTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday instead of <siTll>
Saturday, from November 2. 1533. at -^***^ x
10 a m. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. : LA BRETAGNE. Feb. 8; L'AQUI-
TAINE. Feb. 15; LA GASCOGNE. Feb. 22; LA
TOURAINE. March 1. First class to Havre.
$60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $45: 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. «
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZJ & CO.. Pacific Coast 'Agents. 5
Montgomery aye.. San FrancUco.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.'. Thurs. and Sat. at >:43
a. m.; 8:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlsht): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:20 a. m.. 8
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15CS.
FARE 500
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high, and low waters occur at
the city , front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. February 6.
U S stmr Mead*. Wlllson. 21 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki. 17 days 2 hours. -_ .
Stmr Luella, Miller. 45 hour* from* San
Pedro. • ¦ ' -•__.-
Stmr Progreso, Zolllng. 104 hours from Ta-
Stm'r Columbia. Doran.- 65% noun from Port-;
land, via Astoria 47 hours.
Stmr Corona. Debney. 61% hours from Ban
Diego and ¦»*ay ports.
Stmr Albion. Ericsson. 19 hour* from. Fort
Stnfr Cleveland.* KJltgaard. 11 days from Ka
'stnir Del Norte. Allen. 47 hours from Re-i
d °Stmr North Fork. Bash. 27 hours fm Eureka;'
Br itmr Benmobr. Wallace. 83 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 21 days, via Kobe 19 days.
Ship Occidental, Bennett, 10 days from Se-
Brshlp Cleomene. Davis. S3 days from Aca-
PU Bark Vldette, Liebtg. 14 days from Tacoma,
via Clallam 10«4 days. -
Ft bark Marie. Allaire. 77 days from New-
Ca Fr >l barjfcanrobert. Boju. 240 days from Ham
bur?, via Valparaiso 69 days.
Schr Fanny Dutard. Rudbach. II days from
Schr Chasiil Wilson. Johnson. 8 days from
°Scbr Roy^omers.Bolland. I days from Grays
H Schr r 'Mald.o« Orleans, Johnson, n days from
Pike. Johnson. 10 days from Eu
"^Schr Corinthian, Kortb, I days from Bowena
C. Madsen. 3 hours from Bodega.
Schr Reliance. Johnson. 80 hours from Fort
Barbar* Hernster. Lindber*. M hours
"sS/NJturSW. Low. 6 hours from Point
R Ecnr" John F. Miller. Hotrobem;. » days from
Gray, Harbor.
Sunday. February 4.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow.San Pedro.
Etmr Aberdeen. Hlgglns. Seattle.
Schr Urala Prlen. Hansen. CoqulHe River.
- TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT. LOBOS— Feb 4. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind north: velocity 8 miles.
MEMORANDUM.,
Per stmr Cleveland— Left in port at Kahulul,
bktn Mary Wlnkelman; the schr J. M. Weath
erwax to sail Jan 25; brig Lurllne to sail Jan 26.
Per Br ship Cleomene— Upon arrival had four
of the crew down sick with malarial fever. The
C *Per Fr'bark Canrobert— Put Into Valparaiso
on Dec 5 on account of four of the crew being
sick with scurvy. Put these four men ashore
and shipped new men and sot a supply of fresh
water and vegetables and sailed on Dec 7 for
San Francisco. On Feb 2. In lat 3$ 64 N. long
129 8 W, exoerleneed a severe earthquake or
electric shook, lasting about three "conds. It
felt like as If something was exploding under
neath the vessel. ¦'". «: : .
• DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived- Feb 4— Schrs Annie
Larsen and Alcalde, from Tacoma: schrs Ida
McKay and San . Buenaventura. , from Grays
H PORT ANGELES— Arrived Feb B— Ships Ori
ental and Louis Walsh, hence Jan 17; bktn Re
triever, from San Diego for Port Hadlock: stmr
Washt.enaw, from Comox for San Francisco. In
dl pORT HADLOCK-Salled Feb 8-Schr Esther,-
Buhne for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANOELES-ArriTed Feb 4-^tmr
B KWood;
f^OR^ rt TOWNSEND-Arrived Feb 4-lSch-
Robert Hind, from Mahukona; scbr Wawema,
FA^HrtS^
Feb I: stmr Samoa, hence Feb 3. - < _^. „
Sailed Feb 4— Schr Fortuna. for Baa :;Fran-
Cl COOB BAT- Arrived Feb £-Schr Monterey,
hence Jan 18; stmr Empire, henoe Feb 2.
ASTORIA-Arrlved Feb 4— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, hence Feb t. •
FOREIGN PORTS.
HlLO— Arrived Jan 14— Brig Courtney Ford,
hence Dec 24, to sail Jan 25 for Olymola. In
nort Jan 20— Schr J M Colman. hence Dec SO.
MAKAWELI— To sail Jan 24— Haw stmr
Klnau. for San Francisco.
HENRY j G4LLAGHER CO..
(Succetsors to Flannagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBR3,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
, . Telephone South 80. -....
9
O Time Time Time Time
P — — Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft:
• " H.W L "W H W L W ,
T7.. S:l» '6.7 9:E9 0.9 4:10 "4.0 •:»« 2.3
6 ... 4:08 6.7 11:13 0.7 6:15 3.7 10:28 t.t
7 .. 8:01 6.7 12:28 0.4 * 6:22 3.7 11:40 3.1
I 603 6.6 1:32 0.1 7:20 3.9 ...... ?....
LW'HW L W H W
» ... 0:55 3.2 7:07 6.7 2:28 -0.1 8:29 4.3
10 ... 2:<V. 3.2 8:OS 6.6 3:15—0.3 9:80 4.5
11 ... 3:03 , 3.0 8:04 5.1 3:68 — 0.3 10:20 4.8
titeamer.
Dae.
Lady Joicey.... China and Japan........ Feb. *
Washtenaw .... Comox. Feb. 6
Homer ......... Newp0rt......... Feb. 5
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. i
B. Thomson..... Oyster Harbor Feb. 5
Bonlta Newport.... .Feb. «
Chaa. Nelson... Puget Bound Feb. 6
Uma,tllla, Victoria & Pug-et Sound Feb. 6
Orizaba .....;... Humboldt Feb.' «
City of Para... Panama Feb. 7
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 7
A. Btanchajrd... Cooa-Bay ...Feb. 7
Tellus Oyster Harbor Feb. 7
Point Arena:... Point Arena Feb. 8
Pomona ........ San Diego Feb.' 8
Matteawan ..:.. Tacoma Feb. 8
Jeanle '. Seattle.. Feb. I
Empire ......;.. Coos Bay Feb. t
State of Cai;... Portland Feb. 9
AJamed*. .1..... Sydney Feb. 9
TUlamook ...... THlamook Bay Feb. 9
Arcata. ......."... Coos.Bay Feb. 9
Coos Bay A Nawport Feb. 19
Czarina ......... Puget Sound Feb. 19
Queen '• Victoria & Puyet Sound Feb. 11
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Feb. U
Pt earner.
Destination.
Sails
I Pier.
——————— — — — — — — — i ¦ ¦
Walla Wall Vie & Ppt Sd. Feb. 6. 10 ami Pier 9
Navarro ... Humboldt Feb. 5, 11 m Pier 1
Corona ..... San Pleeo Feb. 6, 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt...., F«b. 7. •am Pier 1
Columbia .. Portland Feb. .7. 10 am Pier 24
Curacao ... Mexico Feb. 7. 10 am Plerll
Australia .. Honolulu Feb. 7, 2pm Pier 7
Homer ..... Oregon Porta. Feb. 7, 10 am Pier 19
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. S. 9am Pier 11
City Sydney Panama Feb. 8. 12 m PMS3
Volumnla .. Europ* Feb. 8, 10 am Pier T
A. Blanch' d Coos Bay Feb. 8. 6pm Pier 13
Orizaba .... Humbotdt Feb. 8, 2pm Pier 9
Humboldt .Alaska .Feb. 9. 2pm Pier 13
Nip.. Maru. Chlna&Japan Feb. 9. Ipm PiIS3
Pomona .... San Dlegro Feb. 10, 11 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 10, 10 am Pier IS
Umatllla ... Vlo & Pgt Sd. Feb. 10, 10 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 10, 2 ptn Pier 2
State of Cal Portland Fteb. 12. 10 am Pier 24
O Time Time Time Time
P — — Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft:
• " H.W L "W H W L W ,
T7.. S:l» '6.7 9:E9 0.9 4:10 "4.0 •:»« 2.3
6 ... 4:08 6.7 11:13 0.7 6:15 3.7 10:28 t.t
7 .. 8:01 6.7 12:28 0.4 * 6:22 3.7 11:40 3.1
I 603 6.6 1:32 0.1 7:20 3.9 ...... ?....
LW'HW L W H W
» ... 0:55 3.2 7:07 6.7 2:28 -0.1 8:29 4.3
10 ... 2:<V. 3.2 8:OS 6.6 3:15—0.3 9:80 4.5
11 ... 3:03 , 3.0 8:04 5.1 3:68 — 0.3 10:20 4.8
titeamer.
Dae.
Lady Joicey.... China and Japan........ Feb. *
Washtenaw .... Comox. Feb. 6
Homer ......... Newp0rt......... Feb. 5
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. i
B. Thomson..... Oyster Harbor Feb. 5
Bonlta Newport.... .Feb. «
Chaa. Nelson... Puget Bound Feb. 6
Uma,tllla, Victoria & Pug-et Sound Feb. 6
Orizaba .....;... Humboldt Feb.' «
City of Para... Panama Feb. 7
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 7
A. Btanchajrd... Cooa-Bay ...Feb. 7
Tellus Oyster Harbor Feb. 7
Point Arena:... Point Arena Feb. 8
Pomona ........ San Diego Feb.' 8
Matteawan ..:.. Tacoma Feb. 8
Jeanle '. Seattle.. Feb. I
Empire ......;.. Coos Bay Feb. t
State of Cai;... Portland Feb. 9
AJamed*. .1..... Sydney Feb. 9
TUlamook ...... THlamook Bay Feb. 9
Arcata. ......."... Coos.Bay Feb. 9
Coos Bay A Nawport Feb. 19
Czarina ......... Puget Sound Feb. 19
Queen '• Victoria & Puyet Sound Feb. 11
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Feb. U
Pt earner.
Destination.
Sails
I Pier.
——————— — — — — — — — i ¦ ¦
Walla Wall Vie & Ppt Sd. Feb. 6. 10 ami Pier 9
Navarro ... Humboldt Feb. 5, 11 m Pier 1
Corona ..... San Pleeo Feb. 6, 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt...., F«b. 7. •am Pier 1
Columbia .. Portland Feb. .7. 10 am Pier 24
Curacao ... Mexico Feb. 7. 10 am Plerll
Australia .. Honolulu Feb. 7, 2pm Pier 7
Homer ..... Oregon Porta. Feb. 7, 10 am Pier 19
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. S. 9am Pier 11
City Sydney Panama Feb. 8. 12 m PMS3
Volumnla .. Europ* Feb. 8, 10 am Pier T
A. Blanch' d Coos Bay Feb. 8. 6pm Pier 13
Orizaba .... Humbotdt Feb. 8, 2pm Pier 9
Humboldt .Alaska .Feb. 9. 2pm Pier 13
Nip.. Maru. Chlna&Japan Feb. 9. Ipm PiIS3
Pomona .... San Dlegro Feb. 10, 11 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 10, 10 am Pier IS
Umatllla ... Vlo & Pgt Sd. Feb. 10, 10 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 10, 2 ptn Pier 2
State of Cal Portland Fteb. 12. 10 am Pier 24Patience Is a Virtue.
: Walt until Thursday, February 8," for
your shoes. We are getting the Btock in
shape. Look at our windows for your
shoes. Ladies' kid shoes * for 750 ; a pair.
717 Market street, near Third. * , •«.
THE CANADIAN MOODY.
Bey. William Meikle*, the Noted Bvan-
gelist, Is Hero.
The people of San Francisco little real
ize that there is in their city a man who
may well be called a "second Moody." He
Is the Rev. "William Meikle of Canada,
who >Is holding gospel meetings every
evening at the First United Presbyterian
Church, corner of Qolden Gate avenue
and Polk street
The Rev. Mr. Meikle is a larger man
physically than Mr. Moody was. He has
a heavier voice, a more philosophical cast
of mind, a more poetlcaf trend of thought
and as big and warm a heart. He knows
his Bible, and Is a close student of human
nature. He has had a wide experience
both as. pastor and evangelist. He Is a
graduate of Princeton, and for over twen
ty years has been preaching and holding
irreat revivals In Canada, Nova Scotia.
Ontario and In the Eastern States. He is
a strong preacher, and Is nor afraid to
preach the whole truth, but always does
it In a warm-hearted, sln-convlctlng. spul
stlrrlng way. without being sensational.
The Rev. Mr. Meikle will hold services
at the' First United Presbyterian Church
every ¦ evening this week at 7:30 o'clock,
and will hold Bible readings, at the same
place each afternoon at 2:30. ..
Convention Meets and
Begins Work.
Officers of past St. Patrick's day con
ventions and delegates from the different
Gaelic societies met yesterday afternoon
in the Knights of the Red Branch Hall,
1133 Mission street, to arrange plans for
St. Patrick's day celebration, Thomas F.
Barry, president of the convention, was
In the chair.
A large number of delegates were pres
ent, from whom two committees were
chosen as follow*:
Committee on resolutions — C. B. Flana
gan, chairman; John Murphy, Captain E.
1. Sheenan. John McCann, John Kenny,
John S. McCormick. Frank P. Hunt.
Executive Committee— Knights of the
Red Branch. John Doyle; Knights of the
Red Branch Rifles, T. J. Mellott; Knlghta
of the Red Branch Hall Association. T. P.
Crowley; Knights of Tara, James S.Mul
lin; Knights of St. Patrick, J. A. Emery;
Ladles' Auxiliary, Ancient Order of Hi
bernians, 'Martha Washington Council,
Mrs. J. J. Donovan: Columbia Circle No.
2, Ancient Order of Hibernians, Mrs. T.
Richards;* Division No. 2, Ancient Order
of Hibernians, Andrew Sheehan; Division
No. 3, M. H. McCafferty; Division No. 6,
J R. Shanahan; Division No. 8... M. Fitz
gerald; Division No. 10, M. Donahue;. Di
vision No. 11, Daniel Fitzpatrick: Division
Professionals Gladly
Lent Aid.
George B. Lask and Charles Bryant,
stage managers of the Tlvoll and Alcazar
play houses, yesterday proved themselves
adepts In their chosen field. It was due
to their skill that the large audience
which attended the eighth annual benefit
of Ban Francisco Lodge No. ZL, Theatri
cal Mechanics' Association, held . in the
Columbia Theater yesterday afternoon,
was able to enjoy a varied programme of
comedy, pathos, singing, dancing and. In
fact, a bit of everything seen on the stage
to-day. For over three hours the profes
sional people now entertaining the publio
lent their services in the cause of the
"men behind the scenes." That the ef
forts of those who took part were appre
ciated was evidenced, by the hearty ap
plause each number received.
Liouis James, the eminent actor, opened
the performance with well chosen words,
in which he thanked the people for their
presence and paid a tribute to the men
who mai.e possible the success of those
wno appear before the footlights. He
said the theatrical mechanics were the
architects, builders and painters of 'the
stage, and upon their ingenuity and ap
plication depended the success of the per
formance; and that the actor was the
sculptor and orator who deported himself
In tne painted creations of the builders
and the architects.
At the conclusion of his address the cur
tain arose on the second act of "In Para
dise." Miss Van Buren and the other
members [of the Frawley company ex
celled themselves in the bright comedy
and were repaid with generous applause.
Major Mite came all the way from the
Chutes to sing a Hebrew song and do a
Cakewalk, and Joseph Newman of the
Orpheum sang a number of his original
humorous songs. Winifred Ooff.who was
in magnificent voice, ably, represented the
Grand Opera-house, A i one-act sketch
from "Nature," by Collin Kemper, enti
tled "Don " was produced -by Norman
Hackett; Miss Grace Field. Alaster Jack
Robertson, Miss Maggie Francis Leavey
and Miss Helen Merrill. The story of the
play was woven around a small boy who
was ahero-worsniper, and who became
infatuated with his brother's best girl.
The Tivoll - Opera-house -was ;. generous
in Its. display of talent. A grand concert
was given, In which Miss, Francis Tem
pest-Graham, sang a -selection from
r'FauBr 'Fau8t ' ¦ Tom Greene rendered .the "Holy
City," Julie Cotte sang an aria, Mlbs Ida
Wyatt did a coon song and dance, and the
only "Teddy" Hcrtmann rendered one of
his Inimitable songs." "
, Signorina Lya Pollettlnl and Slgnor
Antonio Vargas of;. the Oberon sang, as
did also Irene Franklin of the Orpheum;
Gladys Weller did a song and dance.
Fred and Amy Gottlobs appeared in their
original skit entitled "The Orphan Child";
Carleton and Royce of the Olympia sang,
danced and turned; and Professor J.
Warren Keane did a clever turn in leger
demain. He. was assisted by Mile. Ca
rita. The programme concluded with a
grand march and cakewalk from "Bo-
Peep," by the Tlvoll Opera-house chorus,
under the direction of Miss Ida "Wyatt.
The "success of the : entertainment was
due -to. the efforts of the following com
mittees: .. .. .: ....... -
Committee on benefit— S. I. Simmons (chair
man) -John Ledwidjre, John Birch Jr., Otto B.
Romc'r, Ike Marks. Stage managers— Brother
George E. Lask.* Brother Charles Bryant. Mu
sical director. Brother B. E. Schmltz. Com
mittee on" talent-Columbia ' Theater.: C. D.
Terry ; TCallf omla Theater, Ike " Marks : Alcazar
Theater C M. Taylor: Alhambra Theater. Wil
liam Flnlev: Grand .Opera-house. Robert Little;
Tlvoll Opnra-house, Howard Morrison. 8. B.
Melbye- Orpheum, W. B. Mortimer; Olympia.
Chutes and Oberon, Philip Haatlngs. Press
committee. Brother Philip Hastings. Recep
tion committee— Brothers Dr. Robert E. Bun
ker. PhlliD Hastlnea. MarkThall, J. J.'.Gott
lcb • John Morrißey. William H. Leahy, Fred
Belasco, George D. Slebe. Carriage committee-
Joseph Bellett. George Habermacher. Refresh
ment committee— D C.Rulfs. Herman Hlllgen.
This week we will exhibit
• . our First Shipment of the following
New Goods for Spring, 1900.
NEW SILKS, in Foulards, Plisse, Corded,
Hemstitched and Wash Silks.
NEW FRENCH CHALLIES, FANCY DRESS
PLAIDS, GOLF SKIRTINGS and SCOTCH
CHECKED SUITINGS.
NEW BLACK FABRICS, in Silk and Mohair
CreDons, Zihelines,- Venetians and Wool
Poplins,
NEW WASH FABRICS, In Dimities, Organ-
dies, Percales, Galateas, CreDes and.
Ginghams.
NEW FANCY RIBBONS, In Corded, Hem-
stitched, Brocades and Mousseline.
NEW SILK WAISTS, latest stales and color-
ings, in Hemstitched, Corded and Tucked.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
.Dr. Parker" • Cough Curo. : One do»e will «top
ft cou«a» Wever. Xall^ Jrx. it, Ai\ OruggUU^ •
Trapp«r"« OU cures rbenmatlam 4 nenrtUrla.
pnn^No naak. Rlcharda <i Co, 401 Clan
Death of a Newsboy.
James Davis, a newsboy, 18 years old,
died at the City and County Hospital yee
terday after a short illness. Heart dis
ease was assigned as the cause of his tak
ing off. About a week ago young Davis
was found in a doorway on Third street
by Gilbert Blodes, who seeing his condi
tion- had him removed to the City and
County Hospital. Deceased was a native
of San Jose, where his parents still re
side. The body was removed to McGinn's
undertaking establishment on ¦ Eddy
street^ . -r:..vs-'.-- ;,:::¦..- ¦-••
Knew Where Money Was Kept.
The residence of J. B. Britt, lieutenant
in the Fire Department, at 23 .Fulton
street, was entered by a burglar Satur
day morning and a purse containing J4O
was stolen from under a pillow in Mrs.
Britt's bed. where she had hidden it.
Nothing else appeared to have been
stolen. The front door, had been left
open \ by painters : whp were working on
tho house, and it is supposed some one
slipped In through, the open door unob
served. \ The police have . been . notified.
Colonel Cluff's Funeral.
The funeral of the lata Colonel Cluff
will take place from the Masonic Temple,
under the auspices of King Solomon's
Lodge F. and A. M.. at 2 o'clock this
afternoon. Rev. Mr. Lion will officiate.
After the services the funeral will pro
ceed under the following escort: Cavalry
a.nd Sienal Corps, dismounted; Company
H National Guard of Oakland: Company
C National Guard of ,' San Francisco; dl
v/sion of naval militia, all of which will
be under the command^ of Colonel A. K.
Whitton. commander of the Fifth Infan
try National Guard. Following will
come the California Commandery.
Knights Templar; Elks; King Solomon's
Lodge, mourners, caisson' bearing the
body members of the family. General
Dickinson and his staff, officers of Gov
ernor's staff, other National Guard offi
cers active and retired, and employes of
the deceased. All officers will attend in
service uniform. The interment will be
in the Masonic Cemetery. 4 .
WAS A DAY OF MOURNING.
Funerals of Five Soldiers at the Pre
sidio Yesterday. V ;:yj.:,
; Five of the Manila dead were buried In
the National Cemetery at 'the Presidio
yesterday. Four of them were from the
First California Volunteers, the fifth was
Private Harney of the Fourteenth United
States Infantry. The volunteers were
Quartermaster Sergeant Joseph W. Ma
her, Corporal Eugene Merwin and Private
Peter H.* Fisher. These three formed
one funeral procession, and then another
followed escorting the body of William F.
Cook.
' The bodies of Maher, Merwln, Fisher
and Harney ; were in the T. M. C. A. build
ing, near the east ¦ gate of the post, and
there tne" preliminary services were held.
: The pallbearers, escort and firing squad
were furnished from the batteries of the
Sixth- Artillery, garrisoning the" Presidio.
¦Post. Chaplain J. H. • Macomber read the
services. ' . ' • • >¦ ¦¦ <
The graves were all laid out near -the
eaßt wall of the cemetery. They are close
together, * and the three volleys and the
one '.'taps", did for them all.
Preliminary services over the body of
Cook were held in Armory Hall, 815 Ellis
street, and from there his body was es
corted to the National Cemetery. His old
.company. K. of the First California, es
corted .his. body and fired the three vol
leys. * •
Mrs. Clara* A: Textoh,' wife of First Ser
geant John Texton of Troop -Q, Sixth
Cavalry, dropped dead near post head
quarters at the Presidio yesterday. Heart
disease was the cause.
ADV^ETISEMENTS.
For the Complexion For Red Rough Hands
To purify aad beautify the skin and Soak tb« hands, on retiring, In strong,
prerect pimples, *ff\ jtl^ — —* bot lather of Ccn-
fclotches, black- ~^3» cura Soap.
heads, redness, r *"^ <^ == -\ Thoroughly
roughness, yellow, a^<^lft»^£T ?) -r dry, and anoint
oily, mothy tkin, &-£. s&&& J \ <( . 'ZJ frocly with Ccti-
chapping, tan, sun- \^>« JJS •£) vY <A coaA Ointment,
other forms of skin X^*\ >-^J " c S™* l ikln euro and pureß emo
blemishes, no other T. \l Uents. Wear during the night old, loose
skin or complexion soap is for a mo- kid glores. For red, rough, chapped
ment to be compared irith Ctjticcra hands, dry, fissured, itching, and feverish
Soar, because no other soap roaches the palms, shapeless nails with painful finger
cause, riz., the clogged, irritated, or in~ ends, this one night treatment is simply
flamed condition of the Pokes. wouderf uL
For Hair and Scalp For Sanative Uses
Seamtoo with Ccticcra Boat, rinse Ixs remarkable emollient, cleansing,
with warm water, / —^. />— \ purifying properties, de-
dry and apply a / IT^loV. -q£T \ rived from Cuticura, the
light dressing of | f\ Ti£sNw •~TV/** X" 55 * 1 6kin cure< ¦ w * rrallt
Cuticcba, purest ft) \l£^B^ f \Lf^ theuseofCuncußAßoAr,
of emollients, Fl Y^^^Wl / YK? <T "* tho form ?f? f £ aths ,° r
gently rubbed into I tt (X yn\ annoying irritations, in-
tho scalp. This \ >. r- VW \\/ /V flammaUons.andchaflngs,
simple, refresh- X. N^i N sw J? *— -^^ ' or t°° ree or off 61381 ™
ing, and inexpen- vSv perspiration, and also in the form of in-
cive treatment vVrN. A TS temal washes and solutions for ulcerative
will soothe irri- V /X J-\ weaknesses, and for many sanative anti-
tated and itching •urfaoes, stimulate the scptac purposes w.hich readily suggeßt
hair follicles, clear the scalp and hair of themselves to women, and especially to
crusts, scales, and dandruff,' supply the mothers. Tho use of Cctictjba Ointment
roots with energy and nourishment, and with Ccticuba Soap . will I also be of
make the hair grow, when all else fails, advantage in the severer cases.
Complete External and Internal Treatment of Every Humor.
WTIOTRA tt^JrfSa htti th« .kin. and CcTicc»» Kiioitt-wt (Me.l. to cool and eltnu th« blood.
THE SET $1.2fl /,/ ,i E ,V,»t ii often .ufficirnl to eniTlh. •rrrrwt buraot Whtn »U eIM JiUi. POTTUDSD*
A*» Ckim. Coar, fc«U l"ivp»^ icrtcm " Uew U> Cv« trtrj Uumet," trf-
No. 12, Matt Toomey; Division No. 14, S.
R. O'Keefe; Division No. 20. John O'Nell;
Gaelic Literary Society, J. J. Canlffe: St.
Patrick's Alliance of America, William
Mulvln; Unity Alliance of St. Patrick's
Alliance of America, M. J. Warren: St.
Patrick's Mutual Alliance, M. J. Gorman;
Harmony Alliance of St. Patrick's Alli
ance of America, Charles H. i Sbeehan;
Celtic Union, Captain M. Casey; Celtic
Union Hall Association, Thomas F. Al
fordf St. Joseph's Union, J. J. Gallagrher;
Youths' Directory, John P. Henry; Leat
rlm Social Club, William Gllheany; Divis
ion No. 9, Ancient Order of Hibernans. J.
C. Ryan; County Board. Ancent Order ol
Hibernians, J. P. Dlgrman; County Mona
ghan Social Club, Thomas Galnford. and
Thomas F. Barry. M. Cooney, Thomas M.
Leary, John Mullhern, Charles J. Collins,
P. V. McGuishen and Judge M. Farrell.
The executive committee met Imme
diately upon the adjournment of the gen
eral convention and organized by electing
William Mulvln chairman and T. F. Al
ford secretary. A subject that caused
considerable discussion was the Boer war
and much sympathy was expressed by
various members for the enemies of Eng
land in South Africa. It was decided by
resolution to recomend' to the general
convention that the -proceeds of the St.
Patrick's celebration should be 'donated
to the Netherlands Society. -. ,
' The question of the celebration was
next' discussed. It was decided to have
literary and musical exercies with an ora
tion and a poem.
Captain Casey, John Doyle and P. N.
McGushen were appointed a committee on
halls, and Judge Cooney, C. B. Flanagan
8. R, O'Keefe, J. J. Gallagher, John Mull
hern, Thomas F. Barry, and M. J. Gorman
were appointed to arrange the literary
programme.
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
* GO
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
EggS— reg'ly 25c dozen 2OC
We'll be carerul about the quality
Coffee— Paaha blend * lbs 55C
re g'ly 35c lb— ground or roast
Price sufficient to assure good coffee
BaCOn— Armour Star l6c
regMy 18c lb — goes well wrth
Pasha blend for breakfast
Maple Syrup— Sazen qt bot 55C
reg'ly 45c and 75c J gallon tin 65C
Another breakfast luxury
WhiskieS-OW C™> and Hermitag*
rejiy special
Old Crow bourbon 1889 bot $1 25 $1
\ * " 1880 gal 5 4
Hermitage rye 1880 bot 150 115
5 1886 gal 6 450
Mellowed by age — they always
were pure «
Pineapple— Boyer lOC
reg'ly i2*c tin— sliced
Handy for a little dessert
ChutneyS-East Indian 35c and 50C
reg'ly 40c pint 60c quart
Costs little — lasts long — always good
Bouillon capsules— Anker 25c
reg'ly 30c box of 10
1 Beef tea with vegetable flavor
you don't tire of it
CoCOa— Van Houten 80C
reg'ly $1 lb— ln *IbJ lb and llb tins
The genuine Holland cocoa
Cherries in maraschino 6oc
reg'ly 70c large bottle
Like everything else— there are
good and bad cherries
Lenti Is— German 3 lbs 25C
: regularly i2sc lb
A little flat bean used for food
since the earliest time
Match stands "20c and 25c
reg'ly 25c and 35c
Decorated porcelain base— fancy
designs^ — brass holder — ornamental
Olive Oil— Lucca , 50c
reg'ly 55c quart— our bottling
If you should not like It return it
String beans— -PVxrren j tins 25c
reg'ly ioc tin
Awfully cheap— lB99 pack— of course
Cherries— ffickmott 15c
reg'ly 20c tin— pitted
Children won't choke
Candle sticks— reg'iy 25c 20c
Blue— pink— yellow — red
Champagne— Eclipse 40c and 75c
reg'ly 75c pint $1 25 quart —
In good condition or we wouldn't
offer it for sale
Hickory-nuts— reg'iy i2jc ib ioc
Old fashioned shell-barks
Salutaris water-doz pts $i 30
reg'ly $i 50 and $2 25 doz qts 175
High grade sparkling table
water from Michigan — we've sold
' It threcjyears and know It's good
60LESZRG. BOWEN * COS SPECIAL SAVI.HO S ALB
PHELAN SHYS
AT WARNINGS
IN THE CALL
bears to Act Against
Biggy.
THE TOY MAYOR IN A FIX
UTTERANCES OP OLD FRIENDS
JAB HIS NEBVES.
Views of Brltton, dement, Menzies,
Barry and Gutte Bring Him to *
a Sealizing Senre of,
Monday Is here. Notwithstanding the
fact that Mayor Phelan caused It to be
announced last Tuesday that before this
date he would have ousted Police Com
missioner Biggy, that official is still in the
harness and still acting as Chief of Police
of Ban Francisco.
Mayor Phe.lan"s failure to keep hia word
in this instance is only a repetition of his
tory. As a rule he has been noted for
willfully breaking that ephemeral thing,
and even when he has tried to live up to
a promise perverse fate has stepped In to
prevent. In consequence, through ore
cause or another, the. little toy Mayor has
never been able to keeep his word.
It Is surmised that his Intention was
fixed in this last case and that he would
attempt to live up to the text of his de
cree to the Police Board that Biggy was
doomed before ' to-day. He has failed
miserably, apparently because he has seen
the handwriting in The Call of men who
were once his friends, now estranged from
him by his irrational action since be bar
gained to deliver the city over to the gang
of conspirators, whose first aim is to elect
Esola, alias Harrington, Chief of Polico.
The public utterances of Joseph N. Brit
ton, Henry N. Clement, Stewart Menzles,
Ifiidor Gutte and James H. Barry must
have cut the little Mayor like whips.
Without reservation they told him that
he was doing wrong; that in trying to
force the foul fruits of conspiracy on the
people he was acting the part of an in
grate and a traitor, and that he must
break away, once and for all ,^ from vile
associations or they would never call him
friend.
The feeling of Messrs. Brltton, Clement,
Menzles Gutte and Barry is well under
stood. The people know that before the
Mayor sold his political soul they were
his stanch supporters. It is certain that
they have turned their backs on him ouly
because he is a wrongdoer. .
Their words evidently have eaten deeply
Into the soul of Mr. Phelan. They have
shown him what his reason had failed to
show him before— that he was going
against a stone wall of public opinion. He
has stopped at the last moment rather
than dash out his last spoonful of polit
ical brain. Any number of similar ex
pressions of opinion* have been heard try
The Call, and one of them follows. It la
an Interview with Edward R. Taylor, one
of the latest freeholders:
"I consider the Police Commission
squabble over tn«» selection of a Chief of
Police," says Mr. Taylor, "to be an unfor
tunate affair in connection with the In
auguration of the new charter. It had
one merit, however, for it demonstrated
beyond a doubt that Esola should not be
appointed to the position over which ail
the controversy nas arisen. I certainly
would not vote for him If I were on the
commission, because I do not consider him
a- fit person to be at the head of a de
partment which requires a man or force
and character.
"It has been reported, with how much
truth I cannot say. that Mayor Phelan
had eald that If Esola were appointed
Chief and proved unfit ha (the Mayor)
would remove him. for the remedy lay In
his hands. Now, if his Honor said that
he Is assuming a prerogative which Is not
accorded to him by the charter. He has
no right to remove the Chief of Police.
That power lies wholly with the Board of
Police Commissioners, who are clothed
with the power to appoint. The power of
removal of subordinates does not He with
the Mayor. It would be an intolerable sit
uation to have the Mayor remove
subordinates. His power In that respect
Is confined solely to the members of the
variouj boards or commissions, and then
only for cause. The charter was never
Intended to give him wholesale powers of
removal. The distinction therein Is clear
between the heads of departments and
subordinates selected by them. ;•; •
"I know nothing ot any compact be
tween the Mayor and certain members of
the Police Commission before they re
ceived their appointment In regard to the
selection of any one candidate for Chief
of Police, but I would say that any man
who was a party to snch an Infamous un
derstanding Is not fit to hold any import
ant office. He would not be a man who
would act according to the dictates of the
one who appointed him to the place.
"We cannot have good government es
Intended by the charter unless the men
who fill the public offices discharge their
duties absolutely free from dictation of
any sort. The appointing power should
be the last In the world to dictate to them
or to attempt to abate one Jot or tittle
from the Independence which should char
terlze the true American citizen.
MAN NAMED COOK HEARD THREE SHOTS.
LATE last nlgrht th» police secured a new clew In the case, which may solve the
mystery of the pistol If not the mystery of the cas« itself.
It has In some way been made known that on the night the Murphy girl died
a man named Cook claims to have been Bitting on a bench near where the
cirl's body was found, when he heard three shots. . "Another suicide" was the first t
thought that came Into his mind, and as he wu preparing to Investigate he heard-foot
step! of some one running down the path toward him. A moment after three- boys ap
peared, one of "them with his hand under his coat, as If carrying something concealed
there. The oldest ot the three seemed to be no more than 14 years old.
When they saw Cook, he says, they stooped short and stood ! for a moment, as If
embarrassed: then the other two grabbed the one with his hand under his coat by the
arms and dragged him on down the path and out of alcht. ¦
It Is believed that these boys must have been In the vicinity when the girl waa shot.
and that seeing a chance to secure a pistol they grabbed the one she had used and ran
oft with, It.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1900.
AMY MURPHY'S DEATH
IS STILL A MYSTERY
Another Clew That May Throw Some Light
on the Dark Tragedy.
Poulin Taken to the Park by the Officers-Army
Surgeons Will Examine the Body Once
More This Afternoon.
MYSTERY still dings about the
tragic death of Amy Murphy, the
joung girl whose lifeless body
was found lying In the park on
Friday morning. Though a gen
eral belief of suicide exists among
those who have Investigated the case, the
possibility that a murder, was committed
has not been swept aside. The strange
disappearance of tne revolver from which
the bullet found in the girl's head waa
J.jed is ttill & deeply puzzling feature of
the case, and until this disappearance has
been explained the suicide theory cannot
be finally and completely accepted.
Horace Poulin, tne man for whom the 1
girl ended her life. if. indeed, she did com
mit suicide, saw yesterday the spot where
the death took place. He was taken there
by Detectives Cody and Dillon. Later in
tne Cay Detectives Wren and Dinan, to
whom had been given the detail of finding.
If possible, w-here the girl had pawned her
watch and where she had bought a re
volver, II Indeed she had done either of
these things, surveyed the field. They were
Inclined to the suicide- theory- Detective
Wren said it was nothing remarkable for
a person committing suicide with a re
volver to throw the weapon several feet
when falling. He said ne believed the
pistol might yet be found somewhere in
the vicinity. After the thorough search
that has been made, however, this seems
Impossible.
Morbid people In plenty visited the spot
yesterday. It Is reached by going down
the Hayes street walk and turning Into
the shrubbery at the big eucalyptus tree
that stands on the left just beyond the
peacock walk, the first one turning to the
left. It has been said that the body could
not have be«n seen from any of the thor
oughfares, but this is a mistake, as it
could easily have been seen from the pes
cock walk. The girl's head was lying un
der a pruned shrub, and may have struck
some of the projecting points, but no hair 1
or blood was found on any of them. The
cnzloalty seekers who visited the place
yesterday beat the surrounding shrubbery
for the pistol, but found nothing.
The statement that a ghoulish thltf
would not have taken the watch and pis
tol and left the purse containing monay
ie answered by trie fact that this puise
was buttoned tightly Inside the girl's jack
et, and that the thief, if one there was.
either would not take the time to unbutton
the jacket or was not ghoul enough to
eearch the body. There was plenty of time
from the hour the death occurred until
the finding of the remains for thieves to
rob the dead.
All sons of fairy tales about shots hav
ing been heard, about couples resembling
Poulin and iliss Murphy being seen to
gether at the park and so on were In cir
culation out that way yesterday. One
little girl, the daughter of Mr. Price, liv
ing on Grove street, near Stanyan, and
' employed by \\ aterhouse & Lester, was
reported as having declared she had seen
a man shoot Miss Murphy. Little Miss
Price when questioned said she had only
seen the desu body when surrounded by
people and that this was all she had
epoken of.
Acting Chief of Police Blggy takes a
deep interest in the affair and is giving it
his personal attention. In company with
Commissioner Newhall he drove to the
park yesterday for purposes of personal
investigation.
From the nature of the wound In the
dead girl's head and the larger cartridges
in # the box found where she was lying. It
Is thought the revolver with which she
was kmed was one of the large sized bull
d'Jirs. 'j. iie.se jj^tols can be bought very
cheaply, and they .are capable of inflicting
a terrible wound at close range.
Poulin was practically in charge of the
detectives rr.ost of yesterday afternoon.
Upon his return from the park he was
taken by Diiion to McAvoy's undertaking
parlors, 1235 Market street, to look at the
body of tlie dead prirl. Several young
women friends of Mi?s Murphy were In
the place at the time, and Poulin became
very nervous in their presence. He had
to submit to their gaze while Dillon was
filling In a number of subpenas for the In
quest. He seemed g!ad when he left the
place.
The remains of the dead girl were taken
to McAvoy's yesterday morning, that un
dertaker obtaining them upon tne strength
Ot a t*M«>gra;:;:ic order sent by the father
from Seattle. Mrs. Dart, mother of the
doad &r\, called at the undertaker's dur
1n«" the day. and s.-iid Mr. Murphy had
had the telegram sent in response to one
pent him by her, asking him to arrange
for the burial of their dead child.
The funeral will take place from the
undertaker's Tuesday morning at 10
o'clock. It would have been held to-day
but for the fact that Coroner Cole wants a
further investigation of the wound made.
Dr. Cole is by no means satisfied that
there Is but one wound, and he Is going to
take stops to set his mind at rest on that
point if possible. He has made arrange
ments to have some surpeons supposed to
ht* experts in the matter of gunshot
wounds make an examination this after
noon at 4 o'clock. One of these Is Dr.
Brigham and the other Dr. Goodfellow,
end a third is Dr. Middleton. Dr. Brlg
hara was an army surgeon, and Dr. Good
fellow 1s at present In the army.
Mr. McAvoy says an injustice has been
done the dead sirl by the statement that
the was committed to the Magdalen Asy-
Horace Poulin With the
Detectives Looking for
the Pistol in the Park.
QOLOBZSO. BOWEK * CCS SPSCIiL 8 AVISO BALI
LiSterine-regularOsc large 20c snutn
Glycerine lotion-ooi&y 30c
reg'ly 35c bottle
Rub the skin— keep It soft-
keep wrinkles away
Almond grinder Si
reg'ly $1 25— Ida
Ground almonds Improve
many fine dishes .
Toilet SOap-French 60C
rez'ly 75c— carton of 3 cakes
Pinaud and Roger & Gallet— Paris
Al Plated Ware
Bargains.
It'« Worth Yonr
Coming Just to See.
Great Aiericailuortiii Tea Ci
Stores Everywliere*
zoo Store*.
Pinching
Eye=Glasses
Are not healthy. They hurt the •kia. Our new
clip doesn't slip or plach. while the ila*s«»
don't ttlt or warer.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Qntok repair-
Ing. Factory on premlaea. Phone. Mala NX
642 Market St, *«ru)«kh
Palace and t
Grand Hotels \
• ' For nearly a quarter ot a century tie ' '
< ' , leadlns hotels on the Factflo Coast. ' '
. 1 With added lmsrorements aad ooa- • >
? vtnloncei they continue to be the h— it- < >
«uartcra for tourists and travelers «*• < >
» tuos Ban Franctsoo. < >
f JOUN C KQtKPATRZCX. . >
f Mtaaxtr. .»*
t»»«M»MO>MJ|
/^^DEWEY.STRONG&CO.^?V
{* JPATENTSI J
VaS^a^O MARKET Stls!^§»^
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer aod Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE. 813 FOLSOM ST.
WINTER RESORT.
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP TICKETS TO
PASOROBLESffe,.
Most noted Mineral Springs In United States,
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism. Blood. Uvw,
Kidney.' Stomach and other disorders. Apple
JPUKK W, ELT. Clt7. Ajctnt. «« Marie* «» .
— _ _ . — -
10
lnm. He says he .has learned that she
was merely placed In charge of the slaters
temporarily by her father four years ago,
when he had trouble with his wife, and
that he paid for her care.
The Inquest Into the cause of death will
be held next Thursday. I
PREPARING FOR
ST, PATRICK'S
CELERRATION
MEN BEHIND THE
SCENES GAVE A
SPLENDID SHOW
ADVEBTISEMENTS.