KIMBERLEY IS HOPEFUL.
LONDON. Feb. 13.— The special corre
spondent of the Dally Telegraph sends
this dispatch:
CAFE TOWN. Monday. Feb. 12.— Local
markets are buoyant on the reports that
the Boera are apparently withdrawing
from Magersfontein. Klmberly Is hope
ful.
DIED FROM THE WOUNDS.
LONDON. Feb. 12.— A dispatch from
Modrttr River announces that Lieutenant
F. O. Tait, the amateur golf champion,
died of the wounds he received during
General MacDonald'a reconnolssance at
Koodosberg.
RENSBERG. Feb. 12.—Ho
birKs and Bastards Nek.
which) the Boers took posses
sion of Saturday, have beer)
rcoccupicd by the British.
The Boers were shelled out.
LONDON, Feb. 13.— The
one important item of war
news this morning does
:ot come from South Africa. It
s the statement of Lord Lans
lowne in the House of Lords
:hat Lord Roberts is in direct
rommand of all the British
orces at Modder River. It is
nore than likely that London
vili next hear of the commander
n-chief from somewhere in the
All kinds of surmises are afloat
as to Lord Roberts' plan of cam
paign. The preponderance of
expert opinion favors a move
ment something like this: That
General French, with every
mounted man who can be spnred,
shall lead the advance in the Free
State from some point between
De Aar and Modder River; that
a large force of infantry, includ
ing the Seventh (Tucker's) Di
vision, shall follow under the per
sonal command of Lord Roberts;
that Methuen, Kelly-Kenny and
Gatacre, with the aid of General
Brabant's irregular horse, shall
occupy the attention of the Boers
in their immediate vicinity, while
Buller hammers away at Jou
le's nrroy and tries, if possible,
to relieve Ladysmith.
When the composition of the
force for the invasion of the Free
States becomes known it would
not be surprising to find that
Roberts has at least 40,000 men.
General Tucker paid a visit to the
Modder River recently. Presum
ably he would not have done this
unless his force was in some wa>
to co-operate in the grand move
ment.
Lord Roberts is very fond ot
the kilted regiments, and the
Highland Brigade, under Gen
eral Hector Mac Donald, will un
doubtedly form a part of the in
vading force. Lord Roberts in
timated this in his speech to the
brigade on Sunday, when he said
that the Highlanders would have
a march with him which would
not be a walkover, but he be
lieved it would be successful.
On the eve of the expected
great movement by Lord Rob
erts' army it is interesting to re
call that to-day is the one hun
dred and twenty-fifth day of the
war; that the imperial troops in
South Africa now number about
165,000, men with 15,000 more
in transit; that the British losses
in killed and wounded and miss
ing aggregate 11,000 men, and
that with the exception of the Free
Staters being driven from Gras
Pan, behind the line of the Mod
der River, the Boers to-day hold
the same position that they seized
when they first surrounded Lady
smith, Kimberley and Mafeking
and overran Natal and Northern
Cape Colony.
The failure of the Government
to make any announcement with
reference to the dispatch of fur
ther reinforcements to South
.Africa caused some surprise last
nWht in Parliament. The Gov
ernment's military proposals sub
mitted yesterday are criticized as
bepg inadequate and of a make
shit character. There is no radi
callreform, no attempt to build
up a second scheme of military
defmse.
TJje proposals state that there
are )8,000 regulars and 12,000
reseirists still in the country, giv-
BULLER'S RETIREMENT.
Map showing the scene of General Buller's latest attempt to forc^ pas
sage to Ladysmith (at Potgtcters, Mongres and Krantz Kloof. February 5,
6 and 7) with his present line from Springfield to Chleveley and Frere. on tho
railroad. Also the reported flank movement by General Joubert with 8000
men to the right of Chleveley. H3B
HEAVY BOMBARDMENT..
KIMBERLEY, Friday. Fetx 9.— Ther«
was a heavy bombardment yesterday and
to-day. The fire of the Boer big gun at
Kampersdam has been very trying.
-
Field Marshal, Being in Direct Command of the British
Forces at Modder River, Is Expected to Begin
an Important Movement.
ROBERTS PLANS AN INVASION
OF THE ORANGE FREE STATE
ARMY BACON SOLD
FOR PRIVATE GAIN
Twenty-Three Thousand Dollars
Stolen During the War.
Government Detective's Sensational Charges,
Involving United States Senator
Taliaferro of Florida.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Feb.
12.— Charges have been preferred against' Major George Ruthers, which. If
sustained by the promised investigation, will result in court-martial pro
ceedings. The charges were filed December 23, by Jay G. Holland, an
army detective' attached to the quartermaster' 3 department. He accuses
Ruthers, while depot quartermaster, stationed at Jacksonville, with having un
lawfully disposed of 215,000 pounds of bacon, worth approximately $23,000. Hol
land on December 23 made the following startling sworn statement to Secretary
Root: I|jsJX§
"I was a Government detective assigned to duty with the Seventh Army
Corps at Jacksonville, in September, IS9S. The loss of a number of mules was
reported, and I was Instructed by Colonel Pond, chief quartermaster, to inves
tigate and report to him. I was following up a clew in this connection, which
led me to the Windsor Hotel In Jacksonville, and there I saw Major Ruthers. C.
B. Rogers and J. P. Taliaferro (now United States Senator) in close and earn
est conversation. I attached no Importance to this, until my friend, John Walsh,
approached me and said that he had overheard part of the conversation be
tween the parties named, which he thought concerned the crooked disposition
of a quantity of Government bacon.
"As it was in my line of duty, and taking the hint. I made It my business to
learn something of the nature of the conference, which was to the effect that
Ruthers was to deliver to the Rogers company the bacon: the Rogers company
was to dispose of it and divide the prortts between the three.
"I promptly reported to Colonel Pond, who in turn referred me to Colonel
Wood, chief commissary officer. The latter officer sent me to see Ruthers about
the matter, and when the object was made known to him he admitted that he had
condemned a quantity of bacon, and, with a display of arrogance, added that tho
quartermaster's department had its hands full to look after its own affairs— th?t
he was fully capable to look after tho commissary department. This statement I
repeated to the commanding officer,- who was apparently satisfied with his reply.
"However, I w?s determined to follow the deal to a climax. Shortly after my
interview with Ruthrrs, Rogers purchased the schooner Tortugas. commanded by
Captain Myers, on which was loaded the meat and shipped to Jamaica and sold
at the market price of fresh bacon. I made every effort to ship as one of the crew
on this boat, but did not succeed. One jf the crew, on the return to Jacksonville
after disposition had been mad*» of the cargo, told me that part of this very same
meat was fed to the crew while on the trip and that it was perfectly wholesome,
which disproves any statement mado to the department that it had been con
demned and was unfit for human consumption.
"During the time the Tortugas was on the trip I overheard another conversa
tion between the same parties at the same hotel with reference to the amount of
profits each would derive from the transaction.
"Shortly after my suspicions were confirmed charges were preferred with tho
War Department against Ruthers, but nothing was ever heard from the depart
ment—not even an acknowledgment. Therefore, after the charges had been
slumbering in th/ department for several months, T determined that I would ap
prise them of *Jsf.s flagrant and dishonest abuse of authority. I went to see Gen
eral Miles r.31 handed General Miles' chief aide written specifications of the
charges here substantially recited. Receiving ' no formal acknowledgment from
his headquarters, I called on the Secretary of War. who assured me that tho
charges would be promptly Investigated. In this connection nothing was heard
from the department until January 22, when .the adjutant general wrote, stating
.that the charges had been recelvccl ami referred to the Secretary of War tor inTe»- '
tlgatlon" ¦ .
Former Army Detective Holland has made a sworn statement to the truth
of the charges, and it is known in Washington that Senator Taliaferro is- vice
president of the C. E. Rogers Company and is so credited in the Congressional
directory- ¦ '
seen one or two in one battle and five or
six in another.
"Our men have thrown themselves upon
the veldt and have fired for hours at a
time at noise or flame and trenches of the
enemy, whom they could not see. At
Modder River there were whole battalions
of ours that did not know at the end of
the day whether the enemy was north or
south of the river. A European army
fighting under European rules is a clumsy
weapon against the Boer, who opposes us
with weapons which render one man as
good as ten and all ten invisible. We re
member the old saying, that an army
moves upon its belly, and we paraphrase
It to make it read 'A modern army must
fight upon its belly.*
"If Germany got in a trench that could
not be turned all the world could advance
and be slaughtered, 'but all the world
could not oust Germany from that
trench."
ROBERTS COMMANDS
AT THE MODDER RIVER
LONDON, Feb. 12.— 1n the House of
Lords to-day, replying to a question as to
whether Major General Sir Frederick
Carrlngton was destined for a command
in South Africa, and whether General
Methuen was still in command at the
Modder River, Lord Lansdowne. Secre
tary of State for War. answered that por
tion of the query referring to General
Carrington in the affirmative, and added:
"General Roberts is now at the Modder
River and in' command of the whole
forces there."
PRO-BOER MEETING RAIDED.
LONDON. Feb. 13.— The Socialists tried
to gold a pro-Boer or peace meeting at
Mile End. London, last evening. A hos
tile crowd Invaded the hall, shouting
"Down with the Boers," and singing the
national anthem.
Henry M. Hyndman, the Socialist
leader, and- others attempetd to speak,
but they were roughly handled and scat-
tcred. The utmost violence prevailed and
the police were compelled to intervene,
and to clear the streets in the neighbor
hood of the hall.
TO BESIEGE ESHOWE.
LONDON, Feb. 13.— The Pteterraarttz
burg correspondent of the- Dally Mall,
telegraphing yesterday, says:
"A dispatch from Eshowe asserts 'that
a large commando of Boers Is encamped
near Ngutu. with eighty wagons and nina
guns. It is rumored that this force in
tends to besiege E3howe. the Intention,
probably being to fortify the Insuzi hills
in order to prevent the British traversing
Zululand to relieve Ladysmith."
Tutuila Under Naval Control.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— The President
has issued an executive order placing the)
island of Tutulla under the control of tha
Navy Department. Assistant Secretary
Allen Is charged with the administration,
of this and other islands under the Juris
diction of the Navy Department.
plain over a radius of at least 4000 yards
with such a withering blast of shrapnel
and rifle bullets that no troops can ttand
in the open before it."
Speaking of Magersfontein he says:
"The Boers there demonstrated the
fact that, given a. plain, - field glasses,
modern magazine rifles and. quick-firing
small -guns, and :the whole. German army
Itself could not- dislodge the 65,000 men
of the two '! Boer, republics by ' a" frontal
attack on those . grass-edged trenches.
Not 50,000 British could have beaten 15,00)
Boers except at such . a sacrifice of life
as no commander would require or could
be' pardonedj_for_occaslonlng.
"For a • frontal attack the old . military
"manuals declared that :the . attacking
force must be three times that of .the de
fending force, but to-day, with new weap
ons, ,it is said , that \ ten men must attack
one. One'of the most formidable new con-;
ditlons of the war which : we are experi
encing is one that we have never j or next
to never seen before,; for. there are men in
our arnjy.who have, never: seen a Boer in
battle. I know^of officers ; who. have only.
ing 110,000 men available for for
eign service. But of these no,
000 a vast majority are men who
had been weeded out of the ranks
before sending the army to South
Africa and are mainly very young
soldiers, or in case of reservicc
men with physical ailments. To
this regular force the Govern
ment purposes to add twelve bat
talions. Practically very few
soldiers will be added by this to
the army, for the .men are to be
drawn from the surplus strength
of the First and ' Second bat
talions, which have been sent to
foreign service, and from the re
serves. Four regiments of reg
ular cavalry are also to be added,
but it is only a rearrangement of
the number of men now under
arms and not any addition to the
strength of the army. In artil
lery there is to be a substantial
addition of thirty-six field and
seven horse batteries, giving 158
more guns. As for calling out
any large part of the volunteer
force nothing is promised,
though it is considered this is. a
necessary measure in view of the
danger of serious foreign compli
cations. :
BULLER SAID HIS
BRIGADIERS SOLD HIM
VICTORIA. B. C, Feb. 12.— A letter re
ceived by Mrs. R. A. Humphreys of, this
city from a captain of a border regiment,'
serving with General Buller, . gives; a
graphic account of the loss of the British
guna at the Tugela. In part the letter,'
which Is dated December 23, at Frere,
says:
"People hardly . realize . yet what a ;blg:
undertaking this U turning out to bo.
within 700 yards of the Boers* position
and trenches long before the Infantry
were at hand to support him. The Boers
allowed the guns to be unlimbered and
then poured in such a hail of bullets that
the teams of two batteries were killed in
a very short time. When the gunners
were shot down the attack could not be
carried out. and Buller had to give the
order to retire, and ten guns had to be
abandoned. Out* total loss was 1147, and
all for nothing. - ~~. ;;•; '"'¦¦
"Buller alniopt. wept and was heard to
exclaim, .'My brigadiers have sold me.'
We shall have another division here
shortly and will then have 30,000 men, and
a,s the Boers have been receiving rein
forcements they will number not far off
20,000, and all in splendid positions."
— » —
STREAM OF TROOPS
FOR SOUTH AFRICA
LONDON, Feb. 12.— The War Ofilce is
making preparations to continue the
stream of troops for South Africa. Four
large steamers have been chartered.
Japan agrees to let the Armstrongs trans
fer to England four naval quick-firers
that we built for her. consenting to wait
for the execution of her own order until
the hostilities in South Africa are over.
Several European powers, by similar con
sents as to guns being constructed by
Vickcrs' Sons & Maxim, enable England
to secure 100 Maxims.
circles close' to the War omce that he will
move at' once. Scouts, have approached
within a thousand yards of. the Boer in
trenchments at Magersfontein. They have
found these strong and ascertained that
they are used as dwelling places. Naval
gunners are constantly watching the
enemy's lines with strong glasses, and
they declare that there is an appreciable
diminution In the Boer, forces.
In. Natal the Boer commandos south of
the Tugela occupy Bolds Farm and eev
eral mines west of Chleveley. Two thou
sand Boers, with three guns," are advan
cing through Zululand toward Natal.
» —
ALLEGED IMPRISONMENT
OF THREE YOUNG AMERICANS
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— There was
recently brought to the attention of the
Department of State, through Represent
ative Meslck of Michigan, the alleged
complaint of three young American-born
men of Irish parentage, Patrick, John
and Henry Bushel, all under 21 years of
age. The complaint states that, being in
Curgown and Strokestown, Roscommon
County. Ireland, they had been enrolled
'for services and might any day go to the
front. The department at once tele
graphed to the Consul at Dublin to as
certain the circumstances of the reported
Impressment of the young men and re
port the facts to Embassador Choate for
action.
The department has received a dispatch
from Mr. Choate stating that the Consul
at Dublin reports that he had sent the
•Vice Consul to Strokestown and Curgown,
and that the Vice Consul had seen Pat
rick, John and Henry Bushel and also
their mother, and none of them had heard
anything of the supposed impressment of
the young men.
m
ROBERTS SENDS A
REPORT FROM BULLER
LONDON, Feb. 12.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Field
Marshal Lord Roberts, dated from the
Modder River, Sunday, February 11:
"I have received a telegram from Bul
ler as follows, dated Friday, February 9:
" 'It was necessary after seizing Vaal
Krantz to intrench it as the pivot of fur
ther operations. But I found after trying
two days that owing to the nature of
the ground this was impracticable.
It was also exposed to the fire of heavy
guns, in position from which our artillery
was. dominated. It' Is essential to troops
advancing i on I^adysmlth by Harding or
Mongers Drift to hold Vaal Krantz se
curely, and accordingly we are not press-
Ing the advance by those roads, as I find
we cannot make. it' secure.' ",
DIFFICULTIES OF
FIGHTING AGAINST BOERS
LONDON, Feb., 13.— Julian Ralph In
a letter to the Daily Mall from Modder
River says:
"The British defeats .at the hands of
the Boers are due to the fact that the
methods of modern- warfare haye 1 been
brought to a pause by. the demonstrated
power of the weapons of to-day.' Essen
tial qualities' of the army of " twenty
years- ago are no longer a supreme neces
sity for success. The man behind the
sun stands more supreme than ever. Dig
a trench and, line It with good .shots, sup
ported ,by modern artillery, and no ene
my can advance In the face of them.
They may be outflanked or' starved, but
while their ammunition holds out none
can oust them, for they can fill the whole
KIMBERLEY IS IN
DIRE DISTRESS
LONDON, Feb. 12.— Kimberley. . twenty
miles away from the Modder, River posi
tion, is in; sore ; straits.. r Details . of , the
December death rate show that in a popu
lation of 14.000 whites and 19,000 blacks the
mortality was 60 whites and 138 blacks per
thousand. The Infantile death rate was
671 per thousand among the whites and 912
per thousand ' among the ¦ blacks.' . Enteric
fever was prevalent. This frightful state
of things in December - cannot have im
proved'much If at all since." and the fight
ing power of the garrison must have been
greatly dlmirished. /
Meanwhile,* the bombardment by > the
Boers has increased and there is Imminent
danger of the itown : falling under the very
«yes ; of l Lord Roberts." It la believed -in
Everything points to the Boers having
not less than 60,000 men in the field with
guns superior] to, ours. ln range, and little
behind us Jn marksmanship, and until we
get out'a lot more, troops there is no like
lihood of our doing much more than hold
them in check: They are undoubtedly
following .'out a plan of campaign which
they .have .worked out in all details, in
peace time, and they are carrying It out
most 'perfectly.: .
"Buller has a. hard nut to crack in the
Boer posltlon : In front of us, the Colenso
hills defending, the river Tugela, which
we must -cross and. which is only forda
ble in : places ; few and far between. We
tried to do. so .last Friday and had a
battle. ' We : were ¦ 20,000 strong and * the
Boera between 10,000 and 14,000. Our bri
gade, the Fifth, attacked on the left, but
our : left, brigadier made ¦ an' awful mess
of It, and; Buller ordered him; to. with
draw, which we did after 623 : were killed
and . wounded.
"Something; went wrong with the; right
brigade > and', the officer commanding -the
Royal Artillery advanced bis guns up to
able divergence of opinion, exists as to the
adequacy of the Government's military
proposals, even now.
Two thousand men are constantly em
ployed at Woolwich arsenal and all the
gun and ammunition factories are work
ing night and day to execute Government
orders. The weekly output of four firms
is 4,000.000 rounds.
Outside of the requirements for South
Africa Great Britain Is accumulating im
mense stores of war material. Consider-
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 75.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, .1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLDB. KILMEB'S SWAMP-HOOT.
Bonfils and Tammin Recovering.
LOS ANGELES, Feb:»l2.— TV Q. Bonflls
GROCER MOLGAARD
ENDS HIS LIFE
Found to Be Short In His Accounts
and Former Bobbery Story Is
Discredited.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. Feb. 12.-J. C. Molgaard of
the grocery firm of Molgaard & Bengard,
who has caused bo much commotion In
this community for several days, this aft
ernoon committed suicide. Molgaard was
found in his room about 5 o'clock almost
lifeless, having taken poison. Dr. Mol
gaard, a brother, made' the discovery and
tried to resuscitate him, but to no avail.
From an assertion now made deceased
was short In his accounts with the firm.
The supposed robbery of Thursday night
Is thought to have been a ruse of Mol
gaard's to cover up the shortage by a tale
of assault and robbery-
The man only partially regained con
sciousness until yesterday, when he ate a
hearty meal, shaved himself, laid out
clean linen and no doubt would have
donned It, but was Interrupted and, fear-
Ing detection of purpose, did not finish
dressing, but took supposedly a dose of
cvanlde of* potassium and expired In a
short time. When and where deceased
purchased the poison Is not known.
The officers who have been trying to fer
ret out the supposed robbery believe that
the affair of Thursday night was not as
sault, robbery and arson, but a vain at
tempt of the man to cover up a shortage.
DE YOUNG A WORLD'S
FAIR COMMISSIONER
His Name Included in Nominations
Sent by McKinley to the
Senate.
" WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the. .Senate: ._ . . .. !
To be commissioners of the United State* .to
the International ExDoeltion at Paris — Bertha
Honore Palmer of Illinois; '. Brutus J. Clay,
Kentucky; Charles A. Collier, Georgia; Michel
H. de You njr. California; William. I* Elklns.
IWwsylvanla; O. H. Wether*. Wisconsin; Peter.
Jansen, Nebraska: "Calvin Manning, Iowa;
Franklin Murphy, Ntw Jersey; Henry A. Parr,
Maryland; Henry M. Putney, New Hampshire;
Alvln H. Bander*, Illinois : Louis Stern. New
York; William O. Thompson, Mlchlran: Wil
liam M. Thornton, VJrglnJa; Arthur E. Valols,
New .York} Thomas F. Walsh. Colorado.- -
BITTER TOWARD
UNITED STATES
German Agriculturists
in Convention.
BERLIN, Feb. 12.— T0-day began the
conventions held annually at this time of
the year at which all the important agri
cultural Interests of Germany are repre
sented for purposes of report and discus
sion. Foremost among these is the Fed
eration of Husbandmen, which assembled
60,000 strong. The annual report showed
a membership of 206,000, which is an in
crease of 19,000 upon the membership re
ported at the last meeting.
In opening the proceedings . Herr
Roesicke. who reviewed the work of the
year, pointed out that the projected Mes
opotamia colony would benefit a number
of leading German capitalists, but would
enable Mesopotamia wheat to enter Ger
many at 60 marks per ton. He spoke con
fidently with reference to- the meat in
spection bill, predicting that it would; not
pass, as the Foreign Office had drawn it
up for the benefit of the United States.
Herr Harm, the next speaker, fiercely
attacked Prince Hohenlohe, the Imperial
Chancellor, who, he said, gave Germany
"only fair words, but not fair deeds." He
expressed the hope that a determined re
sistance against the United States would
be adopted by the Reichstag and the vari
ous diets.
Dr. yon Friego-WeltElon, Vice Presi
dent of the Reichstag, joined in the at
tack upon the Imperial Chancellor, say
ing that German agriculture hoped for a
future Chancellor who would walk In the
footsteps of Bismarck.
The convention then adopted a five-para
graph resolution forcibly, demanding Gov
ernment aid for agriculture and energetic
steps against the United States and Great
Britain, as countries violating the most
favored nation clause. The resolution In
timated that* the votes of the agrarians
could be had for the naval augmentation
bill only If the Government should, first
favor the agrarians.
The convention sent a congratulatory
telegram to Dr. Leyds at Brussels.
During the last few days the;, chances of
the naval bill have perceptibly. diminished.
The semi-official Berliner Post to-night
reckons with the possibility of a rejection
after the -Easter Holidays,- and adds that
in case the Reichstag is dissolved new,
elections will be ordered. .38881 . j
gress should epeak In plain terms on this
subject, his part of the Government stood
ready to execute the law.
Although very much disappointed over
the interpretation of the law as given by
Attorney General Grlggs, the ladies say
they Intend to keep up a vigorous fight
against the army canteen.
and H. H. Taramln, proprietors of the
Denver Post, who were shot by a Denver
lawyer several weeks ago, arrived here
to-day with their physician, Dr. Hart.
They are both recovering, and will re
main in Southern California several
weeks.
ANTI-POOLROOM LAW
ADOPTED IN SACRAMENTO
Validity of the Ordinance Will
Be Tested in the
Courts.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 12.— The anti-pool
room agitation resulted to-night in the
passage of an ordinance by the City Trus-'
tees prohibiting poolselling anywhere In
the city, not even excepting racetracks.
The poolroom men will contest - the ordi
nance in the courts." "
Ed Krlpp, who conducted keno and other
games up to a few weeks ago, declared
that Mayor Clark, who attacked the pool
rooms, had a one-fourth Interest In his
games. : .s- ;
?
BARD VISITS THE NAVY- YARD.
Escorted by. a Committee of Citizens
From Vallejo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Feb. 12.— Vallejo seems to
have stolen a march . on the rest of the
State irr securing the friendship of Sena
tor-elect Bard. Senator Luchslnger, who
has been the leading spirit in making ar
rangements, secured the navy-yard tug
Unadilla for the day and with a commit
tee'of Vallejoitea : on board brought the
Senator to the yard this afternoon. On
the way up refreshments were served and
the committee took the opportunity of
showing Its side of the controversy over
the channel between San Francisco and
Mare Island. • - • ¦
The party arrived at the yard at 3
o'clock, where it was met by Admiral
Kempft and staff,' and a couple of hours
were spent in inspecting the various. de
partments and pointing out the needs of
each.- The Senator expressed himself as
well pleased with what he saw and the
committee believes it has gained in him
a warm friend for the yard. The tug took
the party to Port Costa at 6 o'clock,
where the Senator took the train for the
Eouth. ' State Senator Rowell also accom
panied the party.
Thrown From His Wagon.
SAN . RAFAEL, Feb. 12.— Thomas Mc-
Lean,' a contractor and builder at Belve
dere, met . with a serious accident this
morning. He • was " driving over the rail
road track when the wheels of his buggy
caught In the track, upsetting the wagon
and throwing him to the ground. He was
rendered r unconscious and •- it. was ;¦ some
time before he was restored to conscious
ness. — c is thought to have been seriously
injured. -•• . - . ' ;
NO LAW AGAINST
ARMY CANTEENS
Christian Women Meet
Disappointment.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12.— Mrs. Lillian
M. Stevens, president of the National
"Women's Christian Temperance Union;
Miss Anna A. Gordon, vice president at
large, and Mrs. Margaret Dye Ellis, su
perintendent of the department of legisla
tion for the society, were granted an In
terview by President McKinley this after
noon.
Mrs. Stevens, on behalf of 300,000 mem
bers of the Women's Christian Temper
ance Union, expressed what she declared
¦was the general aisrathsf action of the peo»
pie at the decision of Attorney General
Orlggs regarding the sale of liquor In the
army canteen. She appealed to the Presi
dent as commander-in-chief of the army
10 "right this great wrong." assuring the
executive of the committee's hope and
belief that if he were obliged to accept as
final the adverse decision of the Attorney
General he would give his support and
approval to such further legislative effort
ts might load to the result desired, she
said, by good people everywhere, and
whose wishes wore regarded by Congress
In the passage of the anti-canteen bill.
Mrs. iStevens said that there was abun
dant testimony to show that the people
did not consider the question settled, and
called upon Mrs. Ellis to present letter*
that had been received relative to the
subject.
Mrs. Ellis then presented to the Presi
dent 200 letteis iccelved since January 1,
and addressed to his Excellency, protest-
Ing against the Interpretation of the law
(riven by the Attorney General, these let
ters being classified in groups from pro
fessional and business tnen and organi
zations from all parts of the country. She
said that in addition to these letters there
were 15,000 petitions from churches and
philanthropic societies.
While the reply of the President was
most courteous and he expressed bis ap
provaJ of the work of the Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union; -he said in tc
tponse to a direct question from Mrs.
Etevens that the opinion of the Attorney
General must be accepted as flnaL' He
wanted it understood, he added, that
after the g temperance committee ~. waited
on him iff July, asking for a reconsidera
tion of the "Attorney General's decision,
he again referred the subject to that offi
cial, who, after such reconsideration, re
plied that he felt that he must adhere to
nls first Interpretation of the law. The
President furthtr tald .that .whenever Con-
In justice to you, I feel it is my duty to send you an acknowledgment of the receipt of the
sample bottle of Swamp Root you so kindly sent me. I had been out of health for the past five
years with kidney and bladder trouble. Had our best physicians prescribe for me. They would re-
lieve me for the time being, but the old complaint would in a short time return again. I sent for a
sample bottle of Swamp Root, and I found it did me a world of good. Since then I have taken
eight small bottles bought at my drugstore, and I consider myself perfectly cured. I do not have to
get up during the night to urinate, as I formerly did, three or four' times a night, but now sleep the
sleep of peace. My back is all right again and in every way lam a new man. Two of my brother
officers are still using Swamp Root: They, like myself, cannot say too much in praise'of it. 'lt is a
boon to mankind. We recommend it to all humanity who are suffering from kidney and bladder
diseases.
My brother officers (whose signatures accompany this letter) as well as myself thank you
for the blessing you have brought to the human race in the compounding of Swamp Root. We re-
main, yours very truly, JAMES COOK,
Officers of the 65th Police Precinct, Greater New York. HUGH E. BOYLE, '
JOHN J. BODKIN.
DEAR SIRS:— •
Received your sample bottle of Swamp Root which you were good enough to send me. >It
helped me wonderfully. Have since taken two bottles purchased from my druggist. It seemed as
if my back would break in two when I got up after stooping. lam now entirely cured, and cheer-
fully recommend your medicine to any one suffering from kidney disease.
12 Grand street, New York City. \ JOSEPH TRAVERS.
Nov. 1 6. iBqq.
THEpDORIJS VAN WYCK, former Editor of the Mt.
Vernon News, and now one of the most prosperous real
estate brokers in New York, 128 South Eleventh Ave-
nue. Mount Vernon, N. Y.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
I had been a sufferer for the past five years from severe
attacks of rheumatism and kidney trouble, probably con-
tracted by exposure on hunting expeditions and wadinz
streams. I tried many remedies, the patent and other kind,
but none of them seemed to do me any good. I was per-
suaded by an old and valued friend to try Swamp-Root,
and frankly confess that it has benefited me as no other
medicine has. I now feel like myself again. Ido not have
the constant aches and pains which at one time seemed to
make life unbearable. It is a positive benefit in ailments of
this kind. I always keep it in the house, as it is iust as ne-
cessary as bread and butter. Very respectfully,
(L/A&???Sz6^
His Owa Physician Ordered It.
New York, Nov. 17, 1899.
To Whom ft May Concern :
- I was all run down in health and spirits, from overwork on
the Exchange floor. I developed nervous neuralgia and also
suffered, from an acute attack of rheumatism. , :
Of course. I had' careful medical attendance, but while con-
valescing my own physician himself ordered me to take Swamp-
Root to build up my nervous system, and put my kidneys in shape.
It helped me more than any curative or tonic I ever used and
now I always keep it in my medicine chest. With best wishes
for sufferers.
Dictated, j&6'+.m^c** &fjt"s7&*'
65TH POLICE PRECINCT,
GREATER NEW YORK, Nov. n, 1899.
DR. KILMER & CO.,
GENTLEMEN:
IFrom the New York Journal, January 4-th; 19OO.)
Reporters Have Convincing Interviews With Prominent People nf Greater New York
. Regarding Wonderful ' Cures.
How to Find Out if You
i- Need Swamp-Root.
.It used to be considered that only uri-
nary and bladder troubles were to be
traced to the kidneys, but now modern
science proves that nearly all diseases
their beginning in the disorder of
these most important organs.
" The kidneys filter and purify t»*. s lood
— that is their work.
So when your kidneys are weak or
out of order, you can understand how
(iuickly your entire body is affected, and
¦how every organ seems to fail to do its
duty.
- If you are sick or "feel badly," begin
taking the famous new discovery. Dr.'
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon
as your kidneys are well they will help
all the other organs to health.
Disordered kidneys are responsible for,
more sickness and suffering than any
other disease. Kidney trouble irritates
the' nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, i
sleepless and irritable. Makes you pass !
water often during the day and obliges
you to get up many times during the
night. Causes rheumatism and neural-
gia, pain or dull ache in the back, ioints
and muscles, makes your head ache and !
back ache, causes indigestion, stomach
and liver trouble; you get a sallow, yel-
low complexion; makes you feel .is
though you had heart trouble; you have
plenty of ambition, but no strength, get
weak and waste away.
The cure for these troubles is Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the world-fa-
mous kidney remedy.
1 In taking Swamp-Root you afford na-
tural help to nature, for Swamp-Root is
the most perfect healer and gentle aid to
the kidneys that is known to medical
science. '
If there is any doubt in your mind as
to your condition, take from your urine
On rising about four ounces, place it in
a glass or bottle, and let it stand twen-
ty-four hours. If, on examination, it is
milky or cloudy, if there is a brick-dust
settling, or if small particles float about
in it, your kidneys are in need of imme-
diate attention.
" Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
EDITORIAL NOTE —We are pleased to state that a special arrangement has been made by, which all readers, of our.
paper may have a sample bottle of the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp Root, sent absolutely free by mail. • Be sure and mention read-
ing this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
is used in the leading hospitals, recom •
mended by skillful physicians in their
private practice, and is taken by doc-
tors .themselves who have kidney, ail-
ments; because they recognize in it the
greatest and rqost successful remedy for
kidney, liver and bladder troubles.
To prove its wonderful efficacy, send
your name and address to Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Binghamton, N. V.,, mentioning
that you read this generous offer in the
San Francisco Daily Call, when you
will receive immediately by mail free of
all charge, a sample bottle of Swamp-
Root and a narnphlet of valuable infor-
mation pertaining to kidney and bladder
diseases. This book contains many of
the thousands upon thousands of testi-
monial letters received from men and
women cured. Swamp-Root is so re-
markably successful that those of- our
readers who have not already tried it
are advised to write for a free sample
bottle, and to be sure and state that they
read this generous offer in the San
Francisco Daily Call.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one
dollar size bottles at the drug stores.
To Prove What This Great Kidney Remedy Swamp-Root will do for YOU, Every
Reader of the "Daily Call" May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
vUittllVv i^ropvillcS 01 uWdllip = Kool*
Expects to Soon. Secure a, Figtiting
Force of J±\DO\xt Six: 11-u.rica.reci
Tih.OTJLsa,nc3..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 190 Q.
ENGL AND 'S PLAN TO
INCREASE HER ARMY.
CZAR AND NEGUS
THREATEN BRITAIN
Activity of Russia and
Abyssinia.
Special Dispatch to The Cn\\.
TIFLIS, Feb. 3, via Paris, Feb. 12.— The
recent mobilization of Russian troops on
the border of Afghanistan is being fol
lowed up with all dispatch. Secret orders
have been Issued by Lieutenant General
Kouropatkine, Minister of War, calling
for immediate concentration at Kouschka,
on the Afghan frontier, of all Russian
troops garrisoned In the Caucasus, includ
ing the Mussulman native reserve regi
ments of infantry and cavalry, "and par
ticularly," the order is said to read, '.'all
ofhcers and privates who are familiar
with Asiatic languages and dialects."
From other quarters come advices cal
culated to be of interest to Great Britain.
From Kabul comes news that the Ameer
of Afghanistan is active in Russia's In
terest, busily disposing of his troops at
important points throughout the country.
Private advices from Massowah. on the
Red Sea, characterize the attitude of Ne
gus Menelik as "suspicious and his policy
doubtful." It is understood, according to
the correspondent, that the Negus, is en
deavoring to come to an agreement with
Great Britain regarding Abyssinia's Sou
danese pretensions, and he is inclined to
ally himself with that country as against
Russia. The reason Is said to He in the
poverty of Abyssinia and the necessity of
accepting Great Britain's financial assist
ance. -
PARIS, Feb. 12.— Count Leontleff, Gov
ernor of the equatorial provinces of Abys
sinia, protests in a communication to the
press from Marseilles against j the Cairo
dispatch, which made him prejudge the
intentions of Emperor Menelik relative to
Great Britain. He say.s that as 'an officer
in the army of the Negus any speculation
of this nature would be forbidden him,
and that the words attributed to him were
even contrary to his own opinion, because
he has long "been personally convinced
that the Negus has the greatest desire to
preserve the best relations with all of the
neighboring powers. Count Leontleff
says that his visit to Cairo had no official
character.
WILL SAVE ELECTRIC TOWER.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 12.— The big electrlo
light tower which has gained such prom
inence for San Jose will not be taken down
Just at present, although the light and
power company which .owns it has been
threatening to do so.
C. W.- Quilty, the manager of the com
pany, appeared , before the City Council
this morning and presented a proposi
tion to sell the tower to the city. He said
it was a constant expense to the company,
which paid taxes on it. It had cost J7OOO
and would not be worth $1200 for Iron pipe.
The Light and Power Company had de
cided to dispose of It. He said If the city
did not buy It the tower would be taken
down. After some discussion the Council
decided to light It and to give the con
tract to the Light and Power .Company.
This move on the part of the Council
savors of politics and is evidently a gen
tle - rebuke to - Manager Edwards of the
Electric Improvement. Company for as
piring to the mayoralty, y The Electric
Improvement Company has the contract
for lighting the city. Two weeks ago its
plant burned down, but it is about ready
to resume lighting the city or will be when
the prssent moonlight nights have passed.
The Council took advantage of this mat
ter and will award the contract to the
Light and Power Company for lighting
the tower. For the past year the tower
has not been lighted.
Cornell Released.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 12.-Before Judge
Hughes this morning Charles Edwin Cor
nell, brought here from Folsom Prison on
a writ of habeas corpus, was discharged.
Cornell was arrested in Modesto three
years ago on charges of grand larceny.
He pleaded guilty to one charge, and was
sentenced to three years, and afterward
pleaded guilty to a second charge and was
sentenced to two years In the State prison.
His attorney claimed that the two sen
tences were concurrent, and that when he
had completed the three-year sentence he
had also completed the two-year sentence,
and should have been discharged. War
den Wilkinson claimed that one sentence
began on ther completion of the other, and
that Cornell had still two years to serve.
Jqdge Hughes took the view of the pris
oner's attorney and ordered that Cornell
be set free.
KSJBI I1 1 I j ¦}¦ [fi ¦ U^ j 111 111 ] ill B ft*
L BOTTLE. *k • 1 • BODKIN.
2
LONDON. Feb. 12.— The House of Com
mons was crowded to-day in anticipation
of a statement from Mr. George Wynd
ham, Parliamentary Secretary of the War
Office, in regard to the army measures.
Joseph H. Choate, the United States Em
bassador, Henry White, the Secretary of
the United States Embassy, and W. T.
Baker, president of the Chicago Board of
Trade, were among those present in the
distinguished strangers', gallery.
Mr. Wyndham arose amid cheers when
the House went into committee on supply
and said that he did not propose to deal-
heard a single figure mentioned as tc trio
cost thereof, nor even In regard to the
particular vote. How much of the mcney
required was due to the present war?
To this question Mr. Wyndham replied
£420,000.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman said ho
could not be expected to pronounce an
opinion on the scheme suddenly, but, he
added, he believed nine-tenths of his hear
ers were ready to do -almost anything f it
the purpose of the present war. but would
like to regard it as a war measure alor.e,
leaving the question of the future increase
NOTABLES AT THE FRONT.
with the question of the prosecution of the
war, but would immediately outline other
military measures necessary for plac
ing home defense on a satisfactory foot
ing. The Government, he continued, had
not even considered the question of com
pulsory service, which was entirely unnec
essary in view of the active recruiting for
the auxiliary forces. During the spring
and summer the volunteer artillery will
be rearmed. Mounted Infantry In the vol
unteer corps would be formed., Artillery
services and the corps of engineers neces
sary for two additional army corps would
be raised forthwith, namely, thirty-six
field batteries and seven hprse batteries.
The speaker also said It had been decided
to raise twelve additional infantry battal
ions.
Continuing Mr. Wyndham said the ex
isting cavalry forces would also be ex
panded to seven regiments and that com
missions would be offered to militia offi
cers to the colonies and to the universi
ties. '
At present, the, speaker further pointed
out, there were 109,000 regulars in the
country and the increase was anticipated
to be 30,000. There were now 328,000 men In
the auxiliary forces, and It was estimated
the increase would be 50,000 men. So alto
gether the country would soon have at
least 517,000 men, and Mr. "Wyndham anti
cipated that the number would be nearer
£00,000 than half a million.
In the course of his remarks Mr. "Wynd
h.am referred to fhe Government's confi
dence In the power and splendid efficiency
of the fleet, saying it was never greater
or more legitimate than now. The Gov
ernment, Mr. Wyndham said, was not
making an appeal for money and men In
a spirit of panic. The risk was not much
nearer than a year ago, but it had in
creased In exact proportion to the re
duction of the home military defense,
which sufficed to Justify the present de
mands for an Increase of the resources
for home defense.
Mr. Wyndham's announcement that
commissions in the regular army would be
offered to the colonies was received with
great cheering. -
Sir Charles ptlke,' Advanced , Radical
member for the Forest of Dean district of
Gloucestershire, said Mr. Wyndham's
speech "seemed to support the heresy that
Great Britain should rely upon home de
fense while the truth was that the most
powerful defense lay in the striking power
of the fleet."
The Liberal leader. Sir Henry Campbell-
Bannerman, who followed, said he had
heard of the great s-chume for the admin
istration .of a great army, but had not
and rearrangements open for future dis
cussion.
It was explained In the lobbies of the
House of Commons that Mr. Wyndham
meant to convey that all the supplement
ary estimates asked for were due to the
war. except £420.000 required for the new
scheme to close the financial year of
March 31.SHIPMENTS IN BOND.
House Passes the Bill Extending the
Law's Scope.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— An important
bill was passed by the House to-day,
which makes universally applicable the
law that now permits the transit In bond
of goods through the United States. Goods
in bond may be shipped through any por
tion of the territory of the United States
to foreign ports. It Is principally de
signed to give the transportation compa
nies of the United' States a portion of the
transcontinental trade to the Orient. The
bill also repeals the law of March 1, 1595
prohibiting the shipment of goods in bond
to the Mexican free zone. The latter pro
vision was fought by Stephens of Texas.
The remainder of the day was occupied
in passing the private pension bills favor
ably acted upon at last Friday night's ses
sion and in District of Columbia legisla
tion. '
MOVING UPON BOGOTA.
Colombian Insurgents Hope to At-
tract Supporters.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Feb. 12.— There
are persistent rumors ' here that the Co
lombian insurgents are moving upon Bo
gota for the purpose of furnishing a crisis
which the Government is anxious to avoid
on account of disaffection among the mili
tary as well as in the civil: service. The
end, however, is thought to be near.
and Is now in the possession 1 of the pros
ecuting attorney.
APPLICATIONS FOR
INJUNCTIONS HEARD
CINCINNATI. Feb. 12.— 1n the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals Judge W.
H. Taft heard arguments this- afternoon
for over three hours on the applications
for injunctions against the Kentucky
State Board of Election Commissioners
and the contestants for the State offices
other than Governor and Lieutenant Gov
ernor. The large courtroom was unable
to hold all who came to the Federal
building for admission. Many of the vis
itors were from the Kentucky side, nota
bly the plaintiffs against the State board,
who are citizens of Covington. The Re
publican State officers were also present,
but the only one of the' defendants in
attendance was Judge Pyntz of the State
board. There were quite a number pres
ent from Frankfort and Louisville.
Ex-Governor Bradley, on being asked
by Judge Taft to state the case, began
at once In a plain statement of the ground
upon which the action of the court is
invoked. After reciting the provisions by
which the State Board of Elections is
converted into a board of contest, he de
clared that they were entirely repugnant
to a republican form of government,
which provides for three distinct depart
ments. -He asserted that this Board of
Contest had been made a judicial body
by the Goebel law. At this point Judge
Taft inquired whether the Goebef law had
been passed upon by ' the Court of Ap
peals. Governor Bradley replied that it
had, but his contention was that, never
theless, in case he could show the law to
be in contravention of the Federal con
stitution, then this court could be In
voked. Judge Taft replied that a decision
of the State court on the constitution
ality of the law did not necessarily pre
vent jurisdiction by the United States
Court of Appeals, where a proper case
could be shown.
Lawrence Maxwell Jr., on behalf of the
defendants, made a brief argument on the
two propositions that this court had no
jurisdiction because the petitions do not
present a case of equity and do not fall
under the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment of the constitution of the
United States. He said the situation was
one in which the position of these com
plainants is in course of settlement by a
State tribunal. Contest proceedings In
their cases are pending. This condition
presents none of the features of an equity
case.
After the conclusion of the arguments
Judge Taft advised the counsel that he
would announce his decision, so far as to
the court having jurisdiction in the cases
is concerned, at 2 p. m. on Wednesday
next.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Feb. 12.-Thls
was another day of unbroken calm
In Frankfort. The Republican mem
bers of the Legislature met at noon
and appointed committees to Inform
Governor Taylor that pursuant to the
terms of his proclamation adjourning
the Legislature at London and calling it
to Frankfort they had come to this city
; and were prepared to transact such busi
ness as micht come before them. The
Governor acknowledged the message and
both houses adjourned until to-morrow.
There were nine members in the Senate
and twenty-eight in the House. The com
mittee which was expected to come from
the Democratic members at Louisville to
report whether it is safe for them to
come to Frankfort did not put in an ap
pearance during the day. The Republi
can leaders say that they expect noth
ing new to transpire until after Judge
Taft of Cincinnati has rendered his de
cision Wednesday.
At one time to-day Governor Taylor de
cided to order away all the soldiers now
here with the exception of a few for a
personal bod> guard. He sent for Colonel
Williams and gave orders for the moving
of the troops, but several of his friends
urged so strongly that the soldiers be per
mitted to remain that Governor Taylor
changed his intention and said that for
the present at least he would not have
any more of them returned to their
homes.
Late this afternoon the detectives work-
Ing upon the Goebel assassination discov
ered a bullet imbedded In one of the trees
on the south side of the Capitol Square.
It struck the tree about twenty inches
from the ground and almost on a line
from the executive building and the spot
where Goebel fell. A block of wood con
taining the bullet was cut from the tree
FUG RAISED
ON TWO ISLANDS
Not Mentioned in the
Paris Treaty.
? -
NATIVE GOVERNORS CHOSEN
ORDERS WERE GIVEN BY AD
MI*AI WATSON.
It Is Reported That General Pio Del
Pilar, the Insurgent Com
mander, Has Died of
MANILA, Feb. 12.— 1t Is reported that
the United States gunboat Princeton vis
ited the Tatanes and Calagan islands,
which were omitted from the Paris treaty
of peace, being north of twenty degrees
of latitude, raised American flags and ap
pointed native Governors. It is added that
the Princeton found the Japanese flag fly
ing at the Bay al Island and refrained
from landing there pending orders.
Reports from native sources, which are
not confirmed, say General Plo del Pilar,
the insurgent commander, died of fever
recently.
The Princeton occupied the northern isl
ands under a Government order. The re
port that the Japanese flag was found fly-
Ing is not confirmed, but there are rumors
that Japan intended to take the islands.
The natives willingly' substituted • the
American for the insurgent officials" and
took the oath of allegiance.
The natives of Samar and Leyte are re
turning to their towns and normal condi
tions are being resumed.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.-It is learned
at the Navy Department that the Prince
ton is acting under orders of Admiral
Watson and not under those of General
Otis in raising the flag over the northern
isla-nds of the Philippine archipelago. The
assumption Is that this policy was dictat
ed from Washington.' It Is said that as
the Islands said to have been taken pos
session of are situated north of the
twentieth degree of latitude they are
clearly within the limits of the ceded ter
ritory.
The peace treaty does not fix the north
ern boundary as precisely upon the twen
tieth degree, but as running through the
Bashee Channel, about the twentieth de
gree, and the Islands are south of that
channel.
LOST THEIR LIVES
IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.-<Jeneral Otis
has reported to the War Department the
following additional casualties among the
troops In the Philippines:
Drowned, February 4, Wesley Randall,
Company A, Forty-eighth Infantry, Rio
San Juan: malarial fever, December 6,
William H. Erwln. Company A, Fourth
Cavalry: January 18, George H. Walte
ram. Company I, Thirty-eighth Infantry;
February 4. John F. Sellman, corpora'!.
Company C. Twenty-seventh Infantry;
dysentery, February 3, First Lieutenant
Assistant Surgeon BralnerdS. Hlgley Jr.,
with army, 12:30 p. m.: January 31. John
A. Cookley, Company X, Thirty-fourth In
fantry; February 2, Zadee Kitchen, Com
pany M, Seventeenth Infantry; variola,
January 25, Willis 11. Street, Company G,
Thirty-sixth Infantry; February 2, Pres
ton R. Beck, Company H, Thirty-sixth In
fantry; February 10, Leander Hobby,
Company M. Thirty-sixth Infantry; con
cussion of brain, February 1, Louis O. Nel-
Fon, Company G, Twelfth Infantry; ab
scess of liver, February 3, James E. Sulli
van, Company C. Nineteenth Infantry;
organic heart lesion. February 5, Maurice
Cain, Company A. Twenty-second Infan
try; nephritis. February 6. Willie Ogle,
Company M. Thirty-second Infantry: per
itonitis. February 7, Percy Leadbert, cor
poral, band. Thirteenth Infantry: acci
dental gunshot. December 23. Christy Un
dorhill. corporal. Company B. Thirty-sec
ond Infantry; January 31, Lewis Wnalen,
Company A. Forty-ninth Infantry.
Brainerd S. Hlgley. assistant surgeon,
who died at Corregidor Island, in Manila
Bay, on the 3d lnst. of acute dysentery,
was a native of Ohio, and was appointed
to the army from that State November
8, 1897. He entered the army medical school
Immediately upon his appointment, and
graduated at the head of his class April
1 189 S. Before leaving for the Philip
pines he was stationed at Fort Niobrara,
Nebraska. Lieutenant Higley was about
30 years of age and leaves a widow and
one child.
WILL FILL THE
GAPS IN THE RANKS
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— What Is vir
tually a new regiment Is being organized
for Slocum, New York harbor, for; ser
vice in the Philippines. The men are all
new recruits and are Intended to supply
deficiencies in the regular regiments in
the Philippines caused by death, dis
charges and other causes. The number,
which is about 1100, includes infantry
men, cavalrymen and members of the
hospital corps. Commanded by about
thlrty-fiix officers they will go to Manila
by the Suez route on the transport Sum
ner. That vessel Is now undergoing ex
tensive repairs at the Norfolk navy-yard
and will start on her long trip soon after
the Ist of March.
SIGNAL VICTORY
FOR SHIPPERS
f?esult of Conference
With Railroads.
PRIVATE LINES ABOLISHED
?
RAILROAD REPRESENTATIVES
PRESENT ARGUMENTS.
Fruit-Raisers Now Placed on an
Equal Footing. With Other
Patrons of the Bail
roads.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 12.— The citrus
fruit-growers and shippers of Southern
California to-day won a signal victory.
The much urged conference between t.^e
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe railroads
and representatives of the various fruit
exchanges was begun in the Chamber of
Commerce at 10 o'clock this morning. Ap
parently there was something Involved
which the participants do not want the
public to know, as the meeting was tn ex
ecutive session. The doors were strictly
guarded and only the delegates were al
lowed entrance.
The following comprised -the delegates
of the' various interests: J. S. Slauson,
representing the Chamber of Commerce;
J. O. Koepfli. Board of Tradf*: Fran!;
Simpson. Merchants' and Manufacturers'
Association: A. H. Naftzger. Southern
California Fruit Exchange; K. S. Moulton.
Consolidated Forwarding Company, and
W. H. Perry, Mutual Shippers' Associa
tion.' "<.
The Southern Pacific Company was rep
resented by Third Vice President J. C.
Stubbs. Freight Traffic Manager Wi'.Ham
Sproule and Assistant General Freight
Agent G. W. Luce. The Santa Fe's rep
resentatives were Second Vice President
Paul Morton, Assistant Traffic Manager
W. A. Bissell, General Freight Agent Ed
ward Chambers and General .Agent W. G.
Barnwell.
As the session was secret E. T. Earl of
the Earl Fruit Company was, with other
shippers, denied admission.
The whole question of routing, shipping,
private car lines and controlling consign
ments was presented by Presidents Mor
ton. Stubbs Naftzger and others in ad
dresses which consumed several ho'iis
each, preventing a recess for luncheon,
the conference reaching an adjournment
at a late hour this evening. The conclu
sions reached and concessions granted by
the Initial lines include the abolishing of
all private car lines at the expiration of
two years, when the leases made win
Earl Armour and other owners expire,
and a modification of the routing clause.
The fruit men are. as a class, placed on
an equal footing, and this means that the
rebate and money concessions system will
pass out of existence.
New Court of Foresters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. Feb. 12.— A court of Fores*
ters of America will be instituted at Knights
Landing on Wednesday evening. February
14. At a preliminary meeting. held Satur
day evening forty-five signatures were ob
tained to the charter roll. Deputy Grand
Chief Ranger Healing, assisted by mem
bers of Court Star of Woodland, will or
eanUe Graf ton Court.
NEW CABINET OFFICES
Bill Providing for a Secretary of
Mines and Mining.
WASHINGTON, Fob. 12. -A new Cabi-
I ret officer to be known as the' Secretary
I of Mines and Mining Is provided in the
\ bill favorably acted on to-day by the
(House Committee on Mines and Alininn.
I The hill creates an executive department,
'.which phall have entire charge of affairs
'imbuing to mines, including the Geological
purvey. The proposed Secretary of Mines
Is to hav<» the Fame rank and salary as
fcther Cabinet officers, and an assistant
lecrptary is given the Fame standing as
Jhe AfslFtant Secretary of the Interior.
mining measure favorably acted
tpon establishes mining experiment sta
tins in each of the mmmg 1 States, similar
ti agricultural experiment stations, and
provides for the appointment of a Govern
nrnt'geologist at $3500 a year and an as
e:Vlst at JTI/JO in the several mining States.
These- officers are to furnish assays, is
tih public bulletins and conduct explora
tl<tis of mining regious.
Loucks' Injuries Fatal.
Si-NTA CRUZ, Feb. 12.-O. D. Loucka,
•whl was assaulted yesterday morning,
£.e«this evening. A charge of murder will
be preferred against J. Teshera . and M.
Aiatia. ¦ . ... ,
WAS OF RACES
IN MARTINIQUE
Rioting Results in Many
Deaths.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the New York
Herald Company. '
PORT DE FRANCE. Martinique, Feb.
12.— The situation on this island Is very
unsatisfactory, owing to the rioting of
striking laborers. Many white residents
of Francois, where there .were serious
occurrences last Monday, have left that
place and have come here for protection.
The race war is causing great alarm, as
the negroes outnumber the whites many
times. As a result of the rioting in Fran
cois thirteen persons are dead, five more
are dying, while six are suffering from
wounds.
The strike was begun last Monday
morning In Ste. Marie among laborers,
who were, dissatisfied with . their wages.
A crowd of strikers went through, the
plantations in the neighborhood of De
bauchant. They threatened with death
those workingmen who . were satisfied
with their wages and remained at work.
About 400 strikers returned to Ste. Marie,
where they 'were dispersed by infantry.
Several factories shut down voluntarily,
while others were forced to close by the
strikers.
In Francois the etate of affairs was
worse. A factory was guarded by twen
ty-five men of the Marine Corps, under
command of Lieutenant Kahn, who asked
the strikers to retire.
MEN AND WOMEN
ON SAME PLANE
Suffragist Ideas on Insu
lar Possessions.
WASHINGTON, Feb.' 12.— At the morn
ing session of the /National American
Woman Suffrage Association resolutions
were adopted reaffirming the principle
that governments derive their Just pow
ers from the consent of the governed, and
calling for the application of the princi
ple to women; asking Congress to submit
to the State Legislatures a constitutional
amendment prohibiting disf ranchlsement
of United States citizens on account of
sex; asking that upon whatever terms
suffrage may be granted to the men of
Alaska, Porto Rico, Hawaii or the Phil
ippines, it be granted to women on the
same terms; that women be included in
the census now being taken in Cuba, and
enabled to- take part in the future gov
ernment of the island; also a preamble
reciting that during the past year women
have oast their votes for the first time In
Louisiana. France and Ireland, and call
ing attention to the fact that in Ireland
75 per cent of the women voted; In Paris,
30 per cent, as compared with 14 per
cent of i--e men. and that in New Orleans
and Baton Rouge the women voters car
ried the day for a sewerage system and
a pure-water supply; protesting - against
an alleged intention on the part of cer
tain Government officials to eliminate
women workers from the public service,
to give their place to men voters; con
demning as cruel and unjust all laws and
regulations that make marriage and
motherhod an obstacle to holding a
teacher's position; congratulating the
women of America upon the beneficent
changes of laws and customs by which
full woman suffrage has been secured in
four States and partial suffrage in twen
ty-five States; rejoicing in the ratification
of The Hague treaty and expressing the
profound regret of the association . that
Miss Antnony had determined to retire
from the presidency.
After his wife's death Black still more
steadfastly opposed his daughter's union
with Burdell, but to no avail. Miss Black
became Mrs. Gelen Burdell and John
Black, seeing that opposition was useless,
relented and gave his daughter the Olam
pali ranch. Some time after his daugh
ter's marriage Black took a Mrs. Velasco
to him as his wife. When old John Black
died Mrs. Burdell and Mrs. Black No. 2
met in the same room and in their pres
ence the executors of Black's will broke
the seals and read the testament. All
Black's vast estate was left to Mrs. Ve
lasco.
Mrs. Burdell stepped quickly to the ta
ble and snatching up the will tore it be
yond all hope of putting together again.
She was arrested on a charge of felony
and the case tried before Judgf Almy.
She was found not guilty. Then the mat
ter was carried into the courts and for
months and years the battle raged. Final
ly wearied with litigation, the contestant*
compromised.
Mrs. Velasco took what was called half,
but was in reality rather less, Mrs. Bur
dell having about two-thirds as her share.
This was how Mrs. Burdell came into her
real estate, and those who helped her in
the fight for her dead father's estate were
remembered as follows: Miss Mary
Smith. $15 a month while she remains sin
pie; Mrs. Clark. $10,000; Miss Juanita
Mirando, $1000; Mabel Burdell, the Olam
pall ranch. James Burdell gets his
mother's shares in the Western Refriger
ator Company and Gelen Burdell gets the
remainder of the estate for life, on his
death to to the children.
The will was witnessed by Leander Van
Orden and George Van Orden of Alameda
and George Van Orden of San Francisco
and is dated December 17, 1599.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 12.— The peculiar
distribution of the bequests in the will of
Mrs. Gelen Burdell. filed to-day for pro
bate with County Clerk Graham, points
to some remarkable influence overshad
owing her last hours. The will was made
but a few hours before her death. During
her lifetime Mrs. Burdell was involved as
principal in cne of the most sensational
will contests ever waged in California— a
contest in which almost all of the
State's prominent lawyers were at one
time or another involved. ••
To those who stood by her in the will
case and to those only, with the excep
tion of her husband, has any share of the
Burdell estate fallen.
In JK2S John Black, a sailor on a British
man-of-war, slipped overboard . onr night
while his ship lay in San Francisco har
bor, and made his escape into the interior
of what is now Marin County, but then
was divided into "grants." He became a
member of the Spanish colony and mar
ried a Spanish beauty. One daughter was
the result of this union. This daughter
afterward became Mrs. Burdell. Some
years after her daughter, Mrs. Black, be
came afflicted with .an abscess of the Jaw.
Dr. Gelen Burdell. then a well-known
dentist, attended her. During his visits
he met and fell in love with Mrs. Black's
daughter. His affections were returned,
and in spite of their parents' frowns the
young people made up their minds to
marry. All this time Mrs. Black's condi
tion grew worse, and finally an opera
tion was declared necessary. Dr. Burdell
administered an anaesthetic, thereby
causing Mrs. Black's death, as she failed
to rally from its effects.
MRS. BURDELL REMEMBERS
THOSE WHO HELPED HER
Bequeaths a Large Portion of Her Estate
to Parties Who Stood by Her in the
Famous Will Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
s~*\ ACRAMENTO, Feb. 12.— The announcement from Washington. D. C, that
L James O.' Coleman had been appointed Postmaster of Sacramento occa-
sloned small surprise here, since it was generally believed among the well
» J Informed that he would secure the coveted prize. There were four or five
other candidates, the most prominent of whom was Joseph Steffens, an offi
cer of the California State Bank, and a man who has long been allied with the
Republican party.
Mr. Coleman has for several years past been occupying the position of Secre
tary of the Chamber fet Commerce. He was Postmaster under the administra
tion of President Harrison and made an excellent record. Mr. Coleman will as
sume office on April 1. Thomas Fox. a Democrat, is the retiring Postmaster, and
he leaves the post with the consciousness of having made a good officer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAYLOR DECLINES TO
REMOVE ALL TROOPS
WILL TAKE CHARGE OF
SACRAMENTO POSTOFFICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1900.
WOLCOTT FAVORS
DOUBLE STANDARD
Financial Debate in the
Senate.
THE COLORADAN'S POSITION
URGES REPUBLICANS TO STICK
TO FHVTRT A T.T.TPTM".
ElMns of West Virginia Maios a
Forcibl« Argument for the
Passage of the Fending
Measure*
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— The final
¦week's discussion of the pending financial
bill was begun In the Senate to-day. The
speakers were two Republicans— Elkins of
West Virginia and Wolcott of Colorado—
and one Populist, Butler of North Caro
lina. Eiklns advocated the passage of the
pending Senate measure in a brief but
forceful argument. Wolcott, chairman of
the International Bimetallic Commission
cf IST, spoke for many Republicans who
adhere to bimetallism, and his speech,
earnest and eloquent, was accorded un
usual attention. Butler closed the debate
for the day, advocating the adoption of his
amendment providing for an issue of pa
per currency by the Government.
Elkins' opening sentences were a refer
ence to the speech delivered on Saturday
by Chandler. He said that was a speech
which would be "distributed by hundreds
of thousands, not by his own political as
eociates, but by his political enemies."
Kikins said in part:
The refunding of the public debt is not necee
»*nly a part of the bill. Why mix the subject
cf establishing and denning the moneu.ry
ttandsxd and etrer^thening the public credit
*;th what must at best, unJer the provisions oi
th« bill, be an experiment, and which, il it
fchould fail, would prove hurtful to the general
purpose* and policy of the measure and the
putlic interest? The refunding of the public
debt is purely a practical ur administrative
question. It should have no place in our poll-
Uce or be ci>nn«.-cted in any wise with any polH-
Jca.l questions or measures. The refunding of
the public debt ehould be made the uubject oX
a seiurate bill, to be considered and passed
when our bonds mature and monetary condi
tions may be entirely different.
The bill undertakes too much. It not only
defines and tstabUsiies tiie monetary standard,
but bets, out «•. scheme to fund the public debt
three years before any of our bonds mature,
end la onitr to make this scheme a success U
provide that the national banks snail be the
tr.oit important factors in its execution.
In ray judgment the public debt • should be
funded without any reference whatever to th«
I^ticna.l banks. Liet the scheme ot funding
.¦¦: ; :.: on its own merits and by Itself. Let the
Government co forward when the time comes
and borrow money for funding punw^ws at as
low a rate of Interest ac it can, making such
a. rate as wiliinsure the bonds being maintained
a.t par, without depending on national banks or
uny outs-ide agency, and without giving grounds
for the impression that a public d*bt is to be
encouraged and fostered In order to provide a
tafe currency. Moreover, it seems to me we
should rea£h conclusion and legislate from the
statidroint of vision of Ihe highest wave of
X>ro«-p*THy the country has ever had. The con
<i:ti' m* which surround us In the financial and
commercial world are extraordinary, l'resent
Javcrable conditions will be followed naturally
l«y a re^ctir)^ that will bring new experience*,,
<ui<i these wi:l enable us. with present experi
ence, to Judge better than now what may be
dune in the matter of funding the public debt
whf-a our bonds mature.
The Senator then suggested that the
Government might find it difficult at some
time in the figure to keep the proposed
i" per cent bonds at par and asked if it
would not be better and in the public in
terest to make the rate of interest higher
and offer no inducements to the national
l>auks. It might turn out. he said, that
the Inducements and advantages offered
the banks might cost the Government
more than the saving 1 in interest that
¦would result from funding the debt at 2
per cent.
"It seems to me," said Elkins, "a safer
course would be to ailow a margin of
discretion to the Secretary of the Treas
ury in the matter of refunding the pub
lic debt when the time comes. For in
stance, give him authority to refund at a
rate not exceeding, say, 3 per cent per
annum. We cannot hope to do in the mat
ter of our finances what all other nations,
especially Great Britain, the richest na
tion in the world, has failed to do. She
l:as never reached a standard as low as 2
I>«-r cent for her national borrowings."
Wolcott followed Elkins and then But
ler of North Carolina began a speech on
his substitute for the Senate bill entitled
"An act to establish a unit of account."
He maintained that under the constitution
Congress had unlimited authority to man
ufacture money out of gold or silver or
paper, or of either of these or all of them.
He declared that there was but one ques
tion in the making of money and that was
"how much." Congress had authority to
make the money out of anything it desired
end it happened that the wealthy classes
always desired it made of the dearer ma
terial. No matter what the money was
made of. he said, the country would pros
per provided Congress would so regulate
Its sapply as to meet the demands of busi
r.ess.
In conclusion Butler paid his amendment
provided that the greenback— the patriot
ic friend of the people — the kind of money
that did not dc-sert the people when
trouble came, fhouid be used as money ln-
Btead of gold or silver. In five years, he
said, the national debt could be extin
puished. This plan was not met with fa
vor by those who control the finances of
the Government, but he believed it would
he best for the people. The Senate took
up the calendar and passed the following
bills:
To encourage enlistment In the navy by pro
viding successful applicants with an outfit
vaiued at Hi.
To srox'ide for the examination of certain
offi-e.rs of the navy and to reipilaie promotions
In the navy.
Authorizing certain additional officers of the
Bsvy and marine corps to administer oaths.
Authorizing the President to nominate Brevet
Major Alexander Stewart Webb on the retired
list of the army as a lieutenant colonel.
The authorize Hon. A. S. Handy, at present
Minister of the United States to Greece, Uou
rnania and Pervla, to accept the decoration ten
dered him by the Shah of Persia.
To authorize the following naval officers to
accept orders and decorations tendered them
by the Government of Venezuela: Rear Ad
miral W. T. Eampson. Captain H. C. Taylor.
Captain F. A. Cook. Captain C. D. Sigsbee,
Captain F. E. Chadwick, Captain C. F. Good
rich. Commander W. W. Mead. Commander J.
11. Dayton. Commander F. M. Symonds and
Commander C. C. Todd.
Granting permlFslon for the erection of a
bronze etatue in Washington. In honor of Gen
eral Francis E. Spinner, late Treasurer of the
T'nlted Htates. and appropriating $2500 for a
pedestal. ."•*&*
ilou;e bill for the preservation of the frigate
Constitution, the rr.ea^ure providing that the
e!ilp 6houM be restored as nearly as possible
to it* original condition.
Extending the powers and runctions of the
Court of Private Land Claims until June SO,
Appropriating 1300.000 for the establishment of
Joint lighthouses and toe lignal stations on the
Aiai-V.ar) coast.
Ai'l't-r'r.Htim! $*<\OOO for the construction of
an additional lightship for u»e on the coast
of California, Oregon. Washington or Alaska,
as exigencies may determine.
Apnropriatinc JSOW for the purchase or con
struction of a launch for the customs service
at and In th* vicinity of Astnria, Or.
Made ffi Made
'to bmN in
order p|||| eight
$13.50 111 styles
Ago 3d, serviceable, long I Hjl. w f These suits and overcoats
wear stylish suit or overcoat II li iBM if are made in the following
made to your measure from ,I; 1j( |' f j styles In any instance you
neat sightly cloth of a desir- tj \\* I I can have silk facing if pre-
able pattern. • 1 I; I|! j f erred:
I IILJj' I Sack suits
That is the sum and sub- fj Jtaß^^xks I c - i« k,.«<,-.*^ r>io?o io
stance of this $i, 50 sale. \b^^=^Kl S.ngle-brea.ted. plain !a-
We should add, though, that Double-breasted, plain la-
the values are $17.50 and 1111 ". - ¦¦ \ » ' v
* . SAfIC SUIT Single-breasted, silk fac-
- > fS^i ln S* nl gh~ cut » double-breast-
You get values now be- r^^f! cd r7 e lV l?Tl ?T ti*?™'
cause we got values when \ fg7 . Double-breasted, silk fac-
we bought the cloth for this Jhrk ' mg-on lapels.
sale. We purchased largely. /<^J9^fev ! n *««,«,, ,-
before the trade prices went /ffßlftv Cutaways
vp — secured the cloth at low [A l^vWlS'; wuly Cutaway frocks, well tail-
figures as cpmpared with the f|j| |S^f!jjC'llptA ored, fit assured, good selec-
prices that prevail now. M^JR^^TO^-ifiiw tion °* d ressy cloths to
-i!^il3in^i^r ; ?i choose from.
.„ . .¦ ¦¦ £ ftjjj WZiwtMW/ The Strand is similar t0 the
We are even making the m^mmmm cutaway frock, but is short-
clothes at a special price. ffißmflnß* erand has outside pockets.
inJ^'iP 1 w Makes ? very stylish busi ~
Between these two meth- .fTO^P'f ness suit
ods of saving you can get a '\ }\ : MM \ Ovprrnnt*;
remarkable value, wMiM uvercudis
l^l^iM • Box overcoat, fashionably
. , , , \\4 Iff tailored, fits like the hi^h-
As prices are high all over | |?| !p:J priced overcoat. Good selec-
the country, we are sure that jjj'jj m tion of ifght- colored cloths,
there / are many suits and § ;\.; \ . $o See upper picture,
overcoats selling to-day for . Ul jj| Winter overcoat, k nee
$17 $o that hardly equal ours | / 'M length, stylish material, vel-
atsi3^o.- LJ/ .^&^ vet collar.
• ?
Out-of-town orders will be filled — write, for catalogue iNo. 2, containing samples. We send
a self measurement blank that enables you to have your clothes made accurately to your measure.
We are quite sure that the fit" w»U be satisfactory.
*7\& Market Street and cor. Powell andk Eddy.
3
JAMES O. COLEMAN.
00V. TAYLOR'S GUARDS.ADVERTISEMENTS.
COURT. IS TOO LATE
WITH AN INJUNCTION
Rules Against the Sale of United
Verde Property a Month After
It Has Taken Place.
NEW YORK. Feb. 12.— The appellate
division of the Supreme Court on Friday
last handed down a decision restraining
United States Senator Clark of Montana
and the directors of the United Verde
Copper Company from selling th*> mines
and other property belonging to the cor
poration. As a matter of fact the sale
took place on .January 9 last, Just a
month before the decision of tha appel
late division was handed down, bo that its
ruling Is practically valueless.
The decision was upon an appeal from
an order rendered by Justice Glldensleeve
In special term, vacating an Injunction
obtained by Professor George A. Tread
well, a shareholder in the company, re
straining the company from selling the
property on the ground that the interests
of the minority shareholders would be
Mcrifieed. It was alleged that, under a
scheme, of reorganization prepared by the
directors, the company was to cease to be
a New York corporation and become a
West Virginia company. The reason for
this change was, it was stated, to avoid
the heavy taxation imposed ln this State
as the Montana laws inflict a large as
sessment on all mining porperty in that
country-
Horse Thief Captured.
COVELO, Feb. 12.-A warrant waa Is
sued to-day for the arrest of "Walter Mor
rison, charged with horse stealing. Mor
rison stole a horse from Frank Shaw, tak
ing the animal to the Sacramento Valley
and sold it to a man named Eccles, the
owner of a ranch near Colusa. Officer
Redw«ne has Morrison located ln the
mountains near here, and expects to bring
him ln to-morrow.
Bail for Blackmail
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 12— W. R. Black-
man, formerly secretary of the Los An
geles Lighting Company, who has been in
jail for two years, charged with embezzle
ment, was released onfall to-day io th«
sum -of '130001, - -*? .'. ».,-„
OPENED SAFE AT
PISTOL'S POINT
Bank Boldly Robbed in
New Mexico.
EL PASO, Tex., Feb. 12.— This afternoon
B. C. Bowman, a banker at Las Cruces,
N. Mex., telephoned to this city that his
bank had been held up by two unknown
men at 2 o'clock and robbed of $3000.
The robbers rode into town and hitched
their horses at the Rio GrandeHotel, on the
opposite side of the. street. Then they
crossed over and entered the bank, cover
ing Cashier Freeman and his young lady
bookkeeeper with six-shooters. The cash
ier was forced to open the safe and the
men took all the available cash, amount
ing to $3000. They then quietly- left the
building with the warning to those within
to keep quiet.
Mounting their horses they rode toward
the Organ Mountains, fifteen miles away.
Twenty minutes later Sheriff Garrett and
five deputies took the trail, and It is be
lieved that the outlaws will be rounded
up in a short time. A fight is almost sure
to result if the fugitives do not surrender.
Professional etiquette prevents French
judges and Judicial officers from riding In
omnibuses.
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1900.
WITNESS FOR CLARK
SPRINGS A SURPRISE
Called by the Defense, W. H. Crane of
Butte Gives Testimony Favor
ing the Prosecution.
WILL VISIT THE KAISER.
Royal Welcome Awaits Prince Henry
of Prussia at Berlin.
BERLIN, Feb. 12.— Prince Henry of
Prussia will arrive here to-morrow morn
ing. .In addition to the members of the
Cabinet many high officers of the army
and navy will ibe present with Emperor
William to receive him at the railway sta
tion. Dinner for. eighty will be served at
the castle, where all the Princes. and rel
atives will be present. It has been defin
itely settled that Crown • Prince Frederick
William, after his birthday in : May, will
enter the First Regiment of the^Guards.
He will pass a course of study ln the mili
tary academy at Potsdam, a
Ex-Congressman Forker Dead.
< NEW*TOBK7:ffeb,*l2.-^amue^CV Fork-
er, who represented the Second Congres
sional District of New Jersey in the For
ty-third Congress, died to-day at his home
in Edgewater Park, N. J., aged 79 years.
BIG CONTRIBUTION TO
CHICAGO UNIVERSITY
Rockefeller Will Add a Million and a
Half to His Former Dona
tions.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— 1t is expected
that at a dinner, to be given at the Hotel
Manhattan early next month John D.
Rockefeller will announce a further gift
of J1.500,000 to the Chicago Unlvsrsity,
making his total contribution to the Insti
tution $8,500,000.
A meeting of the executive committee of
the university alumni waa held to-day at
the hotel, at which John Jay Gorham pre
sided. It was announced after the session
that all the arrangements for the dinner
had been completed, save the designation
of a date, which will be made to suit tie
convenience of Mr. Rockefeller and Presi
dent William R. Harper of the university,
both of whom are expected to be present.
Mr. Rockefeller, It waa said, promise!
some time ago that If other friends of the
university would raise a certain sum he
would give $1,500,000. The friends have
done their part and are satisfied Mr-
Rockefeller will do the rest.
NO TRIAL FOR HERESY.
New York Presbytery Will Not Take
Up Ih\ McGiffert's Case.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— The New York
Presbytery to-day decided by a vote of 77
to 39 not to try Dr. Arthur G, McGlffert
of.the.Union Theological Seminary on the
charges of heresy preferred by Rev. G. W.
Birch, the stated clerk of the presbytery,
at the January meeting. A resolut.on
was adopted declaring ln effect that the
action of tha General Presbytery In De?
oember, when it decided not to try Dr.
McGiffert for heresy, but to disavow his
teachings, waa sufficient under the circum
stances, and that the. position of the prcj
bytery was that the charges should not bo
preferred.
Burnham Jury Disagrees.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. F«b. 12. -Captain D. R,
Burnham was tried to-day in Justice Mer
riam's court for assault, the charge hav
ing been preferred by hla wife, to whom
he has been married forty-one years. The
Jury disagreed. It ia probable that the
case will b« dropped and that Mrs. Burn
ham will bu« for divorce. Much Interest
is taken In the affair on account of the
prominence of the parties. Captain Burn
ham whb twice fined ?10 for contempt of
court.
Stranahan's Body Found.
IXDDI, Feb. 12.— The body of James
Stranahan, who mysteriously disappeared
at Woodbridge on the night of January
9, was found this morning in the Mokel
umne River. Btranahan left his bed at
2 o'clock on the night. of hi* disappear
ance ; and walked nine mlleß to Wood
bridge, where he disrobed on the 1 bridge
ajid calmly walked into the river. He
was evidently insane at the time. Since
then the river has been patrolled con
stantly by searchers, urged on by the
reward of 1100 . for the recovery of the
body. James Hunting fbund the body 200
yards from where Stranahan Jumped in,
caught In the roots and underbrush. The
body - was taken to Stranaban'p .' Bister"*
home at Acamoo, - -¦
TO PUNISH MEN
OF THE CLOTH
Bill Presented in the
French Chamber.
PARIS, Feb. 12.— 1n the .Chamber of
Deputies to-day the Premier, M. Wal
deck-Rousseau, Introduced a bill modify
ing the present law providing punishment
In the case of ministers of religion who
publicly censure or criticize ln any way
public authorities. Formerly only ban
ishment could be Inflicted, but the new
bill explains that the severity of the old
measure rendered the law inoperative, ao
the present bill provides imprisonment
varying from a fortnight to two years
for general offenses and detention in case
of direct provocation, disobedience of the
laws or armed revolt. The bill will thus
give the Government an arm to punish
its clerical opponents, without the ex
treme measure of exile, and will enable
It to punish attacks such as that of the
Archbishop of Alx, Monsignor Gouthe-
Soulard, who wrote a letter of encour
agement to the Aasumptlonist . fathers
on the dissolution of their order by the
Correctional .Tribunal. ,
The bill. -at the request of the Gov
ernment., was referred to a committee.
Several Deputies announced their lnten
tWin to interpellate the Government re
garding the Martinique, troubles, -wlshinc
to throw the responsibility on its colonial
policy. M. Denisi-Guelbort, representing
the . island of Martinique, declared this
policy would lead' to civil wax. The Pre
mier obtained a postponement of the dis
cussion of the matter until particulars
are received by cable.
M. Firman-Faure, anti-Semite, repre
senting the island of Martinique," asked
what were the* Government's intentions
in the event of the possible intervention
of Italy In South ' Africa by replacing
British troops in the Soudan with her own
soldiers. ¦ •
M. del Casse replied that the Govern
ment could not accept Interpellations on
the possible intentions of foreign .gov
ernments which were devoid of all proba
bility. The present moment, he added,
was one for vigilance, ri"ot speeches, and
there wa« nothing to Justify a uselssand
perhaps dangerous discussion.
The Chamber decided to postpone the
interpellation until after the budget de
bate. ¦ • •¦• ..' • > ;
JACK O'BRIEN TRAINING FORHIS GO WITH JACKSON.
THERE will be a decidedly warm
fistic argument in Woodward's Pa
vllion to-morrow night between.
"Jack" O'Brien of Philadelphia and
a. colored pugilist known as "Younvj
Peter Jackson;" Both men are ln
perfect condition to go the twenty rounds
at a fast clip, and devotees of the boxing
game are certain to witness a good battle.
The fight will be given under the auspices
of the National Club, and this alone pre
sages a good exhibition.
O'Brien has prepared for the contest; at
Blanken's Six-Mile House, while his dusky
opponent has fitted himself at the Inple
ride House. The Philadelphia lighter
claims that he is in better condition than
he was when he fought Al Neill and can
hit harder. He said yesterday that the
heavy bag, which he adopted from "Kid"
McCoy, has had a tendency to develop his
punching powers and has strengthened his
hands and forearms.. He gave a short ex
hibition with the new bag to show how It
has Improved him. O'Brien laughs at the
stories going around that the heavy bag
retards his speed as a boxer, and proved
it by going three swift rounds with Jimmy
Lawler, who, although much lighter, is a
worthy opponent. The bout became so
rapid that Trainer Edwards had to cau
tion both men repeatedly. O'Brien will do
some light work to-day and then rest until
the contest. He is as hard as nall3 and
feels certain that he can withstand Jack
son's smashes.
"Biddy" Bishop, the colored man's train
er and manager, has as much confidence
in Jackson winning as the latter himself.
During the past two weeks the colored
man has Indulged, in the hardest kind of
work in preparation for a gruelling con
test. Yesterday he was given four rounds
at the punching-ball, five hundred sklp3
with the rope, and four lively rounds with
a middle-weight named Nichols. Jackson
showed himself a merciless boxer, and re
peatedly had his opponent pleading for
jess punishment. Jackson showed in his
work that he is sensitive to the remarks
of people around him — a bad quality In a
prize-lighter. He Is likely to lose his head
at any stage of the fight and leave him
self, open to a vital blow. Peter Is in
pplendid condition and expects to repeat
his victory over Tom Tracey by sending
the Philadelphian into dreamland.
Jack Kitchen has been chosen to referee
the bout.
Jimmy Reilly and "Doc" Flynn will fur
nish an appetizer for the main bout. Tlwy
will box ten rounds for a decision, as will
also Toby Irwin and Jack McMahon.
PLANS TO CHECK THE
GROWING TRUST EVIL
Statesmen and Political Economists
Suggest Remedies at the Chicago
Conference.
CHICAGO. Feb. 12.— T0-night at the
close of the first day's proceedings of the
antl-trußt conference called by the Na
tional Anti-Trust League good progress
had been made with the set speeches, of
which a dozen or more were delivered.
The resolutions committee was busy this
' afternoon and to-night. While the main
.body of the delegates was listening to the
1 fpteches at Central Jdusic Hall a set of
resolutions was formulated by the com
mittee covering the following points: Gov
ernment ownership cf all railways and
telegraph lines; the abolition of all spe
cial privileges by legislative enactment;
placing on the free list all trust goods.
and direct legislation by petition from the
people.
The discussion in committee was car
lied out on these lines. An amendment
was offered for the taxation of ail fran
chises, but was voted down on the ground
that such action . would simply legalize
• special privileges. '
President Lockwood cf . th© execeutlve
committee called the meeting to order. He
eald in part: ;
Twer.ty-eight years a«o there gathered at the
little town of Frar.klln. Jutt as we have-gath
ered liere, the representative men 01-.tbe dye
' 011-prududr.g counties of Western Pearisylvanla
— gathered to protect, aye, and to revolt against
that snfaiTioun thing known a* the South Im
pruvement Company's commit with the five
trunk railways. That contract rave to the men
who a:terwarj cremtU the (standard Oil Con;
j*cy a ratal* or drawback oi more than Jl
to barrel tin ev«-ry barrel of oil >-hlpped from -the
oil region of I'ennsj lvania, w;uth«r shipj>ed by
the jJjuth Improvement Company or not. In
other «-ord>. the railway curuj-aales contracted
to take ir. .ire than fi a barrel from th*- inde
pendent producers and refir.ers of Pennsylvania
1:1 excessive freights and transfer It into the
rollers of the South Improvement Company.
The people of the oil rejriuns of Pennsylvania
went into revolt and defied thi* railroad power.
They declared tiat the eijuai rights, of the peo
jie o\er the highways of tho country khould
cot be destroyed, that the railway companies
must ship .<!¦¦ .; *-<iual terms t'j every American
citizen, that the d:scriminatlLa contracted lor
by the t>.;uth Improvement O-mpany contract
thej- would not submit to. They would tear up
the railroad tracks and burn their bridges
first.
That little band of determined men, backed
by the mighty power of rifcht. rocked that old
KeyMcne state to her center. They went be
fore the l«llllslliu, then :n session, and de
nianded and secured the repeal cf the South
Improvement Company's charter, and th« life
of that corporation, a creature of the State.
vas snuifed out junt a* any corporation life
can be scuffed out whenever tht public welfare
erica:. i> it. For "The public wellare-is the su
preme law."
The mighty power of right against wrong
which shook the old State of Pennsylvania in
1N72 and forced the repeal of the South Im.
i.rove-ment Company* tharter will chake the
republic or fiat's in 1K;O. Th«* mighty tower
of the American ballot focused upon the wrong
of monopoly, focused upon th*. laws by which
El>ecial privilege* have been granted will wipe
- out the wrong «:i>l i jrfr frcni the statute books
all *;>ecial pi-ivileget. Ip from all of the cen
turies, up frcm all of the sacrifices of all of
tbe patriots, heroes and martyrß of the East
ha» come thiß Government of our* based ui>on
-the equal r.Ehts of man. If we tall, liberty is
luut forever. There U no virgin soil, no un
broken wilderness in which to plant the setrJ
of liberty ucaia as our fathers planted it.
But we will not fall. This Government of
and by and for the people muit not po down
into that awful nigrht of an oligarchy of cpr
pcrate wealth. The old revolutionary spirit is
not dead. Out of its long sleep it I» awakening
with newness of lite, with ftrencth sufficient
for the reformation. This American republic
Is founded upon the th>Ufcht of the equal rights
of man. upon the thought that every little boy
and every little girl starting; out upon life's
highway niifrht look up in the inorniriß. the
morning of life, with knowledge that there Is
no r*a-:e of honor, prestige or fame which they
rr.lpht not reach; that nothing but God-given
advantages could stand between them and the
highest round of the ladder it human attain
ments. But let this trust-monopolizing process
go on, and mark the change; then every little
boy and every' ! little girl born int» this land
under the rtar» and stripes, except a favored
few, will be born into a condition of slavery,
the worst the world has ever known. With
even' resource of our great land monopolized
by corporate "capital, and raan, man made in
the likeness of God. chained to the rock, help
less while th!e vulture of monopoly Is feeding
opon his vitals. God forbid that my children
or their c>*ccndantf- 6hall be subject to euch
condition as this. God grant that the children
of America shall not be subject to such a con
dition as that.
Now. what is the remedy? In my opinion,
one of the most important remedies is the
national owt.ership of the railways of the coun
try, the highways. For I cay to you that there
is hardly a monopoly in Amtrica to-day that
he« not "bt-en created and maintained by rail
way disrrimir.atiring. Establish e<juftl rates over
the railways ol the country, such as we would
cini>y under Government ownership, so that
every man can go to market with the products
of hU handiwork, with the products of nib
mill, or his mine, or his farm. Just as cheap
ef any other man, and monopoly will wither
away.
But how can this r»frnn be brought about?
Only by the ballot. Only by the; organisation
of a great political power, independent of par
ty Independent of party Yx>ttt"r. strong enough
to' drive Iro!n public life the tools of monopo
lies and trusts and put In their places men
prompted by impulses for the public welfare.
Wben you "have flone this, the rest is easy.
Wpen you have puf tnto legislative halls and
«nator*ial chambers, into executive chairs and
upon Judicial benches the riftht kind of men,
hew long will monopolies last? Net long.
Mayor Harrison welcomed the delegates
on behalf of the city. He denounced
trusts Jn perieral as dangerous and threat
ening the integrity of the nation. The
time had <-<>mp. he ?aM. to do away with
trusts. Already, he continued, the Sen
ate of the United States had been reduced
to a small convention of the owners and
represent at ivf-s of trurts. A few yearn
more wou'.d hpe the House and judiciary
reduced to ihe Fame condition. In con-
elusion he called on the delegates to ed
ucate the people to elect a legislative body
to enforce wliatever tcheme they decided
upon for the abolition of the monopolies
and to elect an executive with enough
patriotism to enforce the laws formu
lated.
Former Judge Prentiss of Illinois waa
elected temporary chairman and addressed
the convention. He said:
We rm:st arouse tha people aad teach tehm
that, in trvth as well as ln theory, the Gov
ernmptn of the United States bflonrs to them;
that they are the sovereigns of the country;
that uj>cn them reets the responsibility of root
lr.tr out the monoi>ohes, and. ere long, they will
find: r. remedy. We are here to decide upon
some remedy and then to co forth among the
people and convince them that they should
start the work. In my Judgment the trust evil
was caused by the failure of the people to rec
opnize what are their rights and what their
powers are.
Teach the people the Government la theirs —
that in them the remedy lies. Teach them that
the fundamental principles of the Declaration
of Independence— that all men have been cre
ated «-qual— have been violated. These viola
tions are responsible tor the situation that con
fronts us to-day.
L*t us say that every, law which gives privi
leges to any class shall be wiped, oft the 'st&tut*
books.
General E. B. Flnley of Ohio was rec
ognized by the chair on a question of
personal privilege. He wished it under
stood, he said, that he was not here for
the purpose of aiding in the organiza
tion of a new political party. He feared
that such a construction might be placed
upon a portion of the speech of Presi
dent Lock wood in culling the conference
to order.
President Lockwood immediately ex
plained that he wae not here for the or
ganization of a new party. His belief
was that all men should, in the accom
plishment of the purpose before the con
ference, rise above the interests of party.
Franklin H. Wentworth of Chicago was
selected as temporary secretary. The fol
lowing were appointed temporary vice
presidents: Ex-Governor Altgeld of Illi
nois,' John Crosby of Ne,w York, Richard
Dalton .of Kansas, Tom L. Johnson of
Ohio. Judge Tuley of Chicago, General
Warner of Ohio. Judge Clegg of Louis
iana. E. R. Rigley and Jerry Simpson of
Kansas. Rev. Dr. Slade of Illinois, F. Van
Voorhees of Indiana and Governor Lee of
South Dakota. -*-•*
on motion of General Weaver of lowa
the chair appointed chairmen from each
State on the following committees: Pro
gramme, permanent organization, resolu
tions, ways and means, national organi
zation and rules.
The most Important work of the con
ference will fall on the resolutions com
mittee, which is made up as follows:
Louis F. Pest of Illinois, F. J. Abbott of
Michigan. M. L. Lockwood of Pennsylva
nia; Professor Wills of Kansas, -W. B.
Bli?s of Colorado, General J. B. Weaver
of lowa. J. 8. Crosby of New York,
George Fred Williams of Massachusetts,
Tom L. Johnson of Ohio, Henry F.
George Jr. of New York, Richard Dttlton
of Kansas, Jerry Simpson of Kansas,
Congressman Sulzer of New York, C. A.
Stockwell of Minnesota. Charles A.
Towne of Minnesota. Judge J. C. Clcgg
of Louisiana. Joseph Shackley of Penn
sylvania, Governor Lee of South Dakota,
John Z. White of South Dakota, Sam
Jones of Toledo, Ignatius Donnelly of
Minnesota. Frank S. Monnett of Ohio. A.
P. McQuirk of lowa, W. B. Fleming of
Kentucky. Professor J. R. Commons of
New York, C. B. Matthews of New York,
George H. Shibley of New York. Milton
Park of Texas. Dr. George H. Sherman of
Michigan, T. J. Cole of Indiana and Gar
rett Droffers of the South Dakota Uni
versity.
Captain }V. 8. Black of Illinois ad
dressed the conference on the trust ques
tion. He was enthusiastically received.
Following are extracts from his address:
The growth of conditions- under our Govern
ment, which take away from the masses who
toll' the hope of advancement alike for them
selves and their children; the economic Btatub
that, by the operation of the law of necessity
compelling the toiler to provide for himself and
tho6« dependent upon him, renders his condition
a fixed and unalterable condition and makes es
cape from the army of manual toilers a matter
dependent not ui>on Individual earnestness,
faithfulness and skill, but a matter resting In
the favor of the employer, thus making of the
toller a dependent— these conditions are intol
erable to men understanding: and loving liberty
and resolved ui>on its maintenance above all
tilings. These conditions, if tamely tolerated,
are destructive alike of personal independence
and of free government.
The trur t evil, as it now exists among us. has
grown out of the cori>orate system, and. its
most malignant and baneful fruitage is the
debauching or public uentiment consequent upon
its j.ractices.
After arguing that the trusts have
"practically obtained the corrupt control
of every department of the Government,"
Mr. Black took up the question of reme
dies. He claimed that the trust was a di
rect outgrowth of corporations and their
practices, and that with no private cor
porations there would be no trusts. He
argued that the greatest restraint to the
abuses of the trust system would be not
publicity nor any special attempt at reg
ulation but such changes in the law as
would make every stockholder in any cor
porate enterprise civilly liable as a princi
pal or co-partner therein, and liable for
all criminal practices of agents or em
ployes committed under such circum
stances as to import guilty knowledge, or
from which criminal acts the shareholder
accepted benefit. He further argued that
corporations, being the creatures of State
law. no man had a right to demand the
f-nactment or continuation of such legisla
tion. He suggested as a method of
"checkmating the corrupting practices of
the managers and dependents of the cor
poration" the adoption of the Initiative
and referendum. Such reform, he be
lieved, could be adopted and put into op
eration, and once In operation the people
could by legislation which, the courts
could not annul dominate the whole ques
tion.
Governor Andrew Lee of South Dakota
was the first speaker of the afternoon.
Other speeches were made by H. S. Blge
low of Cincinnati. Jay D. Miller of Chi
cago. Dr. George Sherman of, Detroit, F.
\V. Elliott of Troy. Kana.. Representative
Sulzer of Xew York and T. Carl Spelling
of San FranciFco.
CLEVER BOXERS READY TO DO
BATTLE IN THE ROPED ARENA
¦ V^**^' I \Jr ¦ I ¦
{cigarettes!
I I
I With Mouthpiece |
S 1O centsforlO 1
Z Monopol Tobacco Works g
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12.— Four wit
nesses testified before the Senate Commit
tee on Privileges and Elections in. its in
vestigation of the election of Clark of
Montana to-day. They were N. R. Peeler,
a banker of Kallspel, whose evidence re
lated to" the bank account of Senator
Geiger; W. H. Crane of Butte, who was
called by the defense but who. before h«
concluded, was stigmatized by them as a
witness for the prosecution; State Senator
C. W. Hoffman and John S. M. Neill, pro
prietor of the Helena Independent. Neill
had not concluded when the committee
adjourned for the day. He denied cate
gorically all the allegations of Whiteside
involving his name, and the latter's m-
Bertion concerning the use of corrupt
means to secure Clark's election.
David R. Peeler, Kalispel. Mont, was
the first witness. Before Peeler began
Senator Chandler again brought up the
question of the whereabouts of "Sweae
Murphy, who is wanted as a witness. The
Senator said that the man had been here
once, but had disappeared, and that ne
hoped that the newspapers would con
tinue their efforts to locate him. Chandler
said that he wanted to know the where
abouts of E. P. Woods and D. G. Warner.
He desired, he said, to have them all sum
moned. Hartman said he had been ton!
that Murphy had returned to Butte and
that the other two men were In California.
Peeler was questioned concerning 1 the ac
count of State Senator Geiger with his
bank, the First National, but he was not
able to throw much light upon the su.o
lect. He confirmed Geiger's statement
that he (Geiger) had borrowed $2JUO at
the bank, saying that Geiger had given
him a deed to property as security. The
witness was unable to give dates when
various loans had heen made, and he waa
taken sharply to task by Chandler for his
failure in this respect. He protested that
he was not trying to conceal anything,
but that he was simply unable to remem-
Peeler testified to conversations with
Whiteslde previous to the election tor
State Senator, in which the latter had
shown that he was a friend of Daly. He
also told of meeting Wellcome in Hejcna.
and said that he had told him that he oet
ter let Whiteside -alone, but he kaew
Whiteside was a Daly man.
The cross-examination brought out the
fact that Geiger had made small loans of
$200 or $300 previous to hits election to the
Legislature, but that he. had always m
such cases given Indorsed notes, whereas,
after the election, notes of from U™ to
$1300 were taken without Indorsement. Me
contradicted Geiger's statement that tins
Gelger note for $2300 had been canceled,
saying that he still held Geiger s prop
erty as security for it.
Peeler said that during the session of
the Legislature Representative Garr had
handed him a package of papers, but he
said that he had never told any one that
the package contained Garr"s "boodle.
Peeler said that Garr told him that the
package contained his election certificate
and a copy of a newspaper containing a
committee note. It was not inclosed in an
envelope, but was simply laid in a pigeon
hole in the safety vault of the bank, and
not locked up. He had returned the pack
age to Garr after the adjournment of the
Legislature. *• ' • '¦- ' '' - --'
In the afternoon William H. Cochrane,
late editor of a weekly paper at Butte.
testified to two conversations with ilarK
Hewitt, a witness who testified for the
prosecution early in the case. He said
that in the first conversation Hewitt had
said that he knew nothing against Clark
or his following, but that ln the second,
which occurred last December, Hewitt
had been very bitter against Clark, inti
mating that he had failed to keep faith
in a mining deal. The witness told him that
he was coming to Washington to testify
in this case, and that, while he knew of
nothing against Clark, "there was lots of
time between Butte and Washington.
On cross-examination Cochrane eald he
had sold out his paper and had been pre
paring to go to the Klondike. Under
pressure, he said he had gone to see some
persons for the defense in this case,
among them Representatives Paul and
Metlen of Beaver Head County and Sen
ator Norris. He said that on one occa
sion, when standing in the outer office of
Jesse B. Root, partner of Wellcome in
Butte, he heard Root pay to some one in
the ofllce, whom he did not know:
"Here is the money— take it: and after
you have testified we will pay you the bal-
He supposed this referred to the Clark
case, but he did not know.
This statement was evidently a sur
prise to the counsel for the defense, who
had called Cochrane and Foster in an ef
fort to impeach the testimony. The wit
ness said he had seen Campbell, coun
sel for the prosecution, since his arrival
ln Washington, but he had neither given
him money nor made him promises to give
him any. „ ''-
"As it transpires." said Foster, "the
witness is not ours."
He added that Coehrane had made a
stronger statement to him before taking
the stand than he had made on the stand.
J S. M. Neill, proprietor of the Helena
Independent, covered a wide range in his
testimony, principally relating to State
Senator Whiteslde'a evidence. He said he
had known Whiteside for eight or ten
years and had been friendly to him. He
had several conversations with Whiteside
during and after the legislative elections.
At each of these meetings Whiteside had
expressed himself uniformly as friendly
to Clark.
"He told me," said the witness, "when
I met him first after the election, that of
the ninety-four members-elect of the
Legislature none was a more earnest sup
porter of Clark than himself, adding that
it was time to dump the Daly outfit."
Neill produced a letter from Whiteside,
asking him (Neill) to secure the services
of a lawyer.- by preference Mr. Day, to
represent him (Whiteside) in his contest
with Geiger for a seat In the Senate. He.
also told of meeting Whiteside about the
time of the meeting of the Legislature,
when he had invited him to his house to
meet C. W. Clark, son of the Senator.
This he had done at the request of White
side, who had said that he wanted to
personally meet either "W. A. Clark, or
his aon, or his brother. Joseph K. Clark.
In introducing the two gentlemen, he had
told C. W. Clark that Whiteside, in be
coming a supporter of his father, was
liable to subject himself to the "tyranny
of the Molly Magulres " who were re
lentless in their pursuit of every man
who opposed them, informing him at the
same time that Whiteside had the con
tract for the construction of a school
building at Butte, where the Trustees
were Daly men. He had told Charley
COMES TRUE I
WHEN
Dr. PIERCES
FAVOaiTEPKSCRIPndK
IS USED.
Mrs. Axel Kjer, of Gordonville,
Cape Girardeau Co., LIo., writes :
* When I look at rr.y little boy I feel
it xny duty to write you. ' PerHaps
some one will see my testimony and
be led to use your * Favorite Prescrip-
tion ' and be blessed in the same way.
I took nine bottles and to my sur-'
prise it carried me through and gave
us as fine a little, boy as' ever was.
Weighed ten and one-half • pounds.
He is now five months old, has never
been sick a day, and is so stronsj that
every body who sees him wonders at
him. He is so playful and holds him-
self up so welL" .1 I i
According to official statistics coal min-
ers in Illinois have averaged $100 more In
earnings per capita than they did last
year.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
RELIABLE DOCTORS, I
THE TIME-TRIED SPECIALISTS, f
Who Cure Diseases and g
Weakness of Men. |
Mo Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
Pay when well. Consulta-
tion free. Home cures a ;
specialty. Free private book
for men only, question list, ¦
prices, etc., at office or by mail. B
DR. MEYERS & CO., I
731 MARKET ST., S. F. H
Take Elevator. O
Hours. Bto 5 dally ;* EvenJnjs, |
to 8; Sundays, q to if. |j
A 30-Day 5% ffßa
Offer. es&N?£
Having closed sar^S "i
my Oakland store. vH ¦* %
I have pla.eJ on p3\\ T^ "j
sale the entire fifAl \ 4
•stock o' wool;ns /fiKj^v \
5 from that place (gi^ yv \
I General Reduction £^^1 \ \
lof 12 l * to 25 per cent \\}fk
: Now is the proper sf\ fj \t\ \(]Sy
\ time to order a suit. \4Ju\ QJ\ls£%
Tnis Is a money- X/tn JJ^^OU
saving opportunity J^/^^^ la
for you.
Suits from $12.50 The Tailor,
Overcoats from 1110-1112 Market
$15.00 street,
5 Pants trom~s4.oo 201-203 Montgom-
I Samples sent cry street.
i upon application. SAN FRANCISCO-
3 V The wheel world knows that -J
H Cleveland Bicycles arc the best" IJ
I 1900 MODEL I
CLEVELANDS
I HIGHEST GRADE. |
I $40 and $50
I LEAVITT & BILL, \
3 300 LARKI.N ST. |
8 20 San Pablo Aye., Oakland. H
y Opsn Evenings. U
H O?d WheeTs Taken In Exchange. §j
DR-HALL'S RELNYIGORATORJJggggS
Five hundred reward for nny MgjV?*
case w« cannot cure. This secret ff •
remedy stops all losses In 24 ¦! f - _\- ¦
hours, cures Emission*,, Impo- i§£J !*<#
tency. Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea. lYjri TuT
Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Lost Ijßacf k~V
Manhood and alt wasting effects JWjJL-JHv
of self-abuse or excesses. S=nt
sealed. U bottle: 3 bottles, J5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALV9 MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for tale at 1073 M Market si. S. F. All prtvaU
diseases Quickly cured. Send for free book.
*J®ycVnZs\m gleet, 3p«rmatorrh,»t
P^rTf Inlto J4«ti. \a White*, unnatural |i».
lycJ Qunc'irt V 3 rhar«e«, or any infl»Tim.*.
ff*a>¥ oat to nrifitcra. tion, (irritation or Dicer*.
gN qrnrcuu mUfln. . tion ot nioeni men.
K*%THEEMN3CHEIIiCuftv branee. Noo-astrlngenS.
%i££V c - "• *• scfT trentt r * ent ln pUln wra Pr* r i
¦»>«r.!^>^ b7b 7 express, prc^aij. tjk
f£ "PATENTS VI
Val^3lo MARKET SLSl\arStF
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA ill AN* A BITTER 3. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives heal tit and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, ta Market *
WINTER RESORT. )
SPECIAL ROUNDTRIP TICKETS TO '
PASO ROBLES^phJ
>PRINGS
Most noted Mineral Springs in United Sta*«.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism. Blood. L?*F
Kidney. - Stomach -and other disorders Atßlw
1
4
Clark that they would try to drive
Whiteside out after hi* voting. Charley
Clark had replied that "the Clarks are
good stayers themselves and had no fear
of being driven out." He had also at
the same time suggested to Charley Clark
that he should give- WMteside a chance
to bid upon the contract for putting up
a building the Clarka were contemplat
ing at Butte, and Clark had replied that
he would give him an even chance witlj
others. This was the last talk he had
had with Whlteskie.
Neill referred to the testimony of tha
witness, Watson, concerning a letter from
himself to T. J. Johns of Lewlston. Ha
produced a copy of thl3 letter from nia
impression book, promising to get the
book from which the cony was taken. It
proved to be a plea with Johns to make
an appeal to the Republican members or
the Legislature from that county to vote
for Clark for the Senate and prevent a
deadlock. He said In the letter that
Clark's election was absolutely assured
and spoke of Clark as a bulwark against
"the tyranny of the Anaconda Company.
Neill declared emphatically that he knew
of no corrupt methods In securing Clark a
election.
The committee adjourned before the dl-EDWARD DUNNE, WHOSE CIRCULAR BRINGS HIM COIN.
both as to the Impression the President
had made upon them and the Impression
they apparently made upon the President,
Those present were: Mrs. Arthur M.
Dodge, Mrs. Gilbert E. Jones, Mrs. Ros
slter Johnson. Mrs. Douglas Robinson.
Mrs. William C. Cowles and Mrs. George
Philips from New York: Miss Alice H.
Chlttenden. Brooklyn: Miss E. A. Housh
ton. Cambridge; Mrs. Barclay Hazard.
California; Mrs. A. J. George, Boston, and
Miss Emily T. Blssell, Wilmington. Del.
DR. LAINE FINED.
Judge Ang'sllotti Compels Him to
Pay $50 for Contempt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 12.— Dr. Joseph R.
Lalne to-day was fined $50 for contempt
of court in refusing to appear as an ex
pert witness for the plaintiff in the case
of Carmelita Boyle vs. the North Pacific
Coast Railroad.
Lalne has been appearing on behalf of
the railroad and when on Saturday W.
Roach, chief clerk of the plaintiff's at
torneys, Sullivan & Sullivan, served a
subpena on him to appear lor their client,
he returned a note to the court worded as
follows:
"Tell Judge Angellottl to do as he
APPOINTED SUCCESSOR TO
THE LATE COLONEL CLUFF
BATTLE AGAIN
OVER J. G. FAIR'S
MAP MILLIONS
Mrs. Craven's Mainte
nance Suit Begun.
After years of litigation Mm. Nettle R.
Craven Is now presenting her strongest
claim for a portion of the estate of the
late James G. Fair. Mrs. Craven's appli
cation for a family allowance from the es
tate of the dead millionaire was called for
hearing before Judge Troutt yesterday
morning. She was represented by Attor
neys Pence & Pence, Denßon. Oatman A
.Denson and A. Ruef. while the interests
of executors of decedent's estate, Angus,
Goodfellow and Crothers, and the nelrs
ar.d devisees were guarded by Pierson -it
Mitchell, Rodgers, Paterson & Slack, Gar
ret W. McEnerney, Charles Heggerty,
George A. Knight. Lloyd & Wood and
Charles Wheeler. Ex-Chief of Police Lees
occupied a position near the line of de
fense, and several private detectives wan
dered back and forth through the cor
ridors.
When the case was called Judge Pater
son advanced the argument on behalf of
the heirs that as Mrs. Craven has not as
yet established her claim that she is Sen
ator Fair's widow she has no right to ask
for a family allowance. He said that the
claimant must first establish her widow
hood before her demand could be consid
ered.
The court conceded the cogency of Judge
Patersons theory, and the opening of the
afternoon session found Mrs. Craven on
the stand ready to proceed.
Attorney Lafe Pence made the opening
Ftaterr.ent on behalf of his client. Prior
to reading the pleadings and entering into
a discussion of the issues involved he
cpoke of the absence of W. W. Foote,
•whom it was thought would handle the
fight on behalf of Mrs. Craven.
"Mr. Foote has asked me to make his
apologies to court and Counsel for his ab
sence to-day and probably throughout the
trial," he said. "The deep domestic af
f.lctlon that has fallen upon him pre
cludes his taking any active part in any
trial now. His public engagements as one
of the Commissioners to the Paris Expo
sition had already become so pressing that
he had indicated to his colleagues hero
that he would not be able to appear with
us in this hearing, when suddenly, with
out warning, he was stricken by the bit
terest Borrow that ever falls to the lot of
man. He cannot come here. He cannot
assist us. We car.not help him. except
with the hope in which I know the
court and opposing counsel and ail
\\w bar and all the State will Join us that
light will soon break upon him as he
walks alone in the valley of the shadow
of death. It is a pity that so kindly a
heart should be hit so hard.
"Without saying more, you will under
ftand why he is not here to-day and ex
cuse him." We are Indeed sorry that he
cannot l»o here to assume his wonted and
usual placo !n charge of the laboring oar."
Mr. Pence then proceeded to lay before
the court the claims of his client and the
law bearing on «»ach claim. The examin
ation of Mrs. Craven then began. She
told again the circumstances surrounding
her alleged marriage to Senator Fair by
contract In 1832. but did not reach the
circumstances alleged In the opening
statement that subsequently the marriage
was ratified by "an official legally quail
fled to perform the marriage ceremony."
Mrs. Craven was asked as to whether
or not she had shown the contract to a
third party, but her answer was excluded
by an objection made by Mr. McEnerney.
who contended that the exhibition of the
document, whether It was genuine or
forged, could rot bind the defendants. A
long argument followed, and finally Mr".
McEnerney was called to the stand that
his knowledge of the existence of a mem
orandum Jn which It Is alleged Senator
Fair made a note of his marriage to Mrs.
Craven might be taken advantage of. Mc-
Enerney. however, refused to answer the
question* of counsel on the ground that j
nil of his knowledge of the case at bar
was procured through- confidential sources
and he was protected from examination I
under the circumstances by statutory e.n-
Rotmcnt. Mr. McEnerney then left the
Ftand and the case went over until this
morning.
Nanyo Maru Again Quarantined.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. Feb. 12.—
Steamship Airlie Floated.
LONDON. Feb. 12.— A dispatch has been
received saying that ; the « British steam
ship Alrlle, from • China, ports, via : HJogo,
MANAGERS IN A MUDDLE.
Plans of Jeff ries-Corhett ; Promoters
Hard to Fathom.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 12.-The Sun says the
Jeffrles-Corbett fight will be held at
Coney Island; on May 10, but quotes
O'Rourke, speaking in behalf of the Sea
side Club,' as saying tthatt t neither *Brady
nor Constdlne informed the club that the
men had agreed to fight at Coney Island.
He Is disgusted with the whole thing and
would not be surprised If the club washed
Its hands of the entire affair.* ¦
Fighters Evenly Matched.
•AKRON. Ohio, r Feb. 12.— Art Simmons
of. Akron, and Tommy i White • of . Akron
fought twenty rounds here to-night to a
draw. ¦.-.-;-',
SPECTATORS
AT A FIGHT
WAX WROTH
Miniature Riot Follows the
Defeat of Handler by
' Gardiner.
NEW YORK. Feb. 12.— Another blow
was dealt the Horton law to-night at the
Hercules Club In Brooklyn In the meeting
of George Gardiner of Lowell, Mass., and
Jimmy Handler of Newark, N. J., who
were scheduled to box twenty-five rounds
at 152 pounds. Gardiner won in the third
round by knocking out Handler with a
right on the jaw. 1
The men had weighed in and everything
had proceeded far enough to enable cer
tain persons to place their money on the
Massachusetts boxer at 6 to 4. Handier
at first had been the favorite at 10 to 7,
and the sudden change in the betting was
a presage that something was wrong. The
crowd generally; however, was unable to
form a conclusion as to the reason, for
this until the men had shaped for tue
opening round. It was noticed that Hand
ler limped perceptibly, and It was learned
that he had for several days been suffer
ing from a bruise on his left tibia and
was under a physician's treatment. The
Injury was caused by a blow from an
Indian club while In training.
Thero was a miniature riot at the con
clusion of the bout, which ended with
Handler to all Intents and purposes being
knocked out. Cries of "fake" were heard
on all sides, and It was fifteen minutes be
fore quiet was restored.
The announcer as soon as he could be
heard and upon his own volition declared
all bets off. and subsequently, when his
unofficial decision was re%'ersed,' there was
another uproar. A quantltyof money had
already been returned by stakeholders. -
EDWIN MARKHAM'S
ODE TO LINCOLN
Tribute to ihe "Great
Commoner."
-
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— Senator Chaun
cey M. Depew presided over and delivered
the principal address at the fourteenth an
nual Lincoln dinner of the Republican
Club held at Delmonico's to-night. .The
dinner was attended by over 300 members
of the club and their guests. A notable
guest was Lincoln's Registrar of the
Treasury. L. E. Chlttenden, who Is now
an octogenarian. Among the other guests
of honor were Abner McKinley, General
Anson G. McCook, General Samuel
Thomas., General Henry L. Burnett, At
torney General John W. Grlggs, Congress
man Robert G. Cousins of lowa, Berlah
Wllkes and Professor Edwin Markham.
Senator Depew made an interesting
speech.
Edwin Markham, the poet, recited an
original ode entitled, "Abraham Lincoln,
the Great Commoner," ' from which the
following is an extract:
The color of the ground was In him. the red
•arth;
The tan* and odor of the primal things;
The rectitude and patience of the rocks;
The gladness of the wind that shakes the corn;
The courace of the bird that dare* the sea;
The Justice of the rain that loves all leaves;
The Dlty of the »now that hides all scars; .
The Jovlne kindness of the wayside well;
The tolerance and equity of lUht,
That gives an freely to the shrinking; weed
As to the great oak flaring to the wind.
To the fcrave'« low hlll.ar to the Matternorn,
That shoulders out the sky.
Coast Residents Pensioned.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12.— Pensions for
Calif ornlans: Original— Byron A. Downey,
Pleasanton. $0; Addison Dixon. Los An
geles, $6; Michael Kirk. San Francisco,
$10. Increase— John F. Deemer, San Fran
cisco. $6 to $S. War with Spain. widows-
Margaret K. Allen. Alameda, $12.
Oregon: Original— George S. McMunn,
Salem, $6. Increase— Eleazor Jones, Ypn
calla, $6 to $8; John V. Smith, Mohawk, $6
to $8; Carl Krueger, Milwaukee, $C to $12.
Original widows, etc.— Special, accrued
February 1, Esther Nutt, Grants Pass, $8.
Washington: Original— William T. Burn
ham, New Whatcom, $8; Elijah Caulkins
New Whatcom, $6. Renewal— Gaylord D.
Miller, Chehalis, $6. Increase— Andrew S
Park, Lake Park. $<> to $8.
Parochial Building Association.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MONTEREY. Feb. 12.— Some of the
prominent citizens of this place have
formed an association to be known as the
an "old-time trainer of twenty years ex
perience." He concludes It as follows:
"I generally have eight or ten • 'long
shots' during a season, ranging from 20
to 100 to 1, and a small bet by you or
any one of these would bring you back
a very nice lump of money on your in
vestment. Some people are afraid to try
their luck on the turf for the reason that
they are business men and fear that it
will become known that they gamble;
others are afraid for other reasons, but
I beg to assure you that your dealings
with me will be entirely confidential and
your wishes in the premises will be re
spected, as it is a violation of one of the
rules of the Turf Congress for me to
solicit funds through the malls and I
would be liable to be ruled off for it, so
it is as much to my interest to keep it
secret as it Is to yours. I am well known
on the turf. Let me hear from you at
once in reply hereto."
Mr. Dunne adds that he will accept only
cash or postal or express money orders.
Registered letters, drafts or personal
checks are not wanted. This circular was
headed "Edward Dunne, Public Trainer
of Race Horses." and dated "San Fran
cisco, January 31. 1900."
Dozens of letters awaited Dunne when
he reached the Palace and dozens have
come every day since. Last Thursday his
business became so great that he rented
room 318 In the Emma Spreckels build
ing, moved In a small table and two
HIS CONSCIENCE
MADE McCORMICK
A UNIQUE JUROR
Agreed to a Verdict
and Recanted.
John T. McCormlck, president of the
California Artistic Metal and Wire Com
pany, of 30 First street, is not likely
to sit on any more Juries in the
United States "Circuit Court In this
city, if the publicly expressed opin
ion of Judge Bellinger has any weight
with the parties concerned in the. selection
of juries. Mr. McCormick is accused by
eleven fellow jurors of having recanted
at a critical moment and thereby plp.ced
them in an unpleasant position.
The case under consideration was that
of the Holt Manufacturing Company
against the Houser & Halnes Manufac
turing Company to recover $25,000 actual
damages, plus $75,000 exemplary damages,
and costs for an alleged infringement of
a patent on a machine known as "travel
ing thrashers." The trial ended on Fri
day afternoon, and the jury was sent out
to deliberate. Eleven jurors were not long
in deciding that the defendant was enti
tled to Judgment, but McCormack had
opinions of his own and clung to them
with so much tenacity that the jury re
mained out all night endeavoring to con
vince Mr. McCormlck he would confer a
boon upon eleven suffering fellow Jurors
if he would consent to see the matter as
they did. but it was of no use. McCor
mlck persisted in saying that' his con
science would not allow him to decide with
the majority. On Saturday they reported
to Judge Bellinger that they had been un
able to agree, but on account of the great
expense of the trial the court did not feel
justified in discharging the jury and try
ing the case over again. So he sent them
back to deliberate. - if ... .. '
They remained out all of Saturday night,
Sunday and Sunday night, and came Into
court at 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon,
smiling as with the consciousness of a
great victory won. They . had prevailed
upon the obstinate Juror , to consent to a
verdict at last. A slip of paper was hand
ed to the clerk bearing the following
words:
"We; the Jury, find in favor of the de
fendant. We also find there was invention
in the use by the plaintiff of the adjusta
ble box and bracket in connection with
Jackshaft, as set forth In letters patent,
and sustain sections 4 and 7."
The order to poll the Jury was given,
and Juror McCormick arose and said that
he would not agree to the verdict. The
other Jurors said that he had. agreed to
it and that they had modified it into its
present form so as to suit Mr. McCor
mick's opinions. There was nothing left
for the court to do but. to decline to re
ceive the verdict, the Jury not being unan
imous, and to discharge. the twelve mem
bers from any further consideration of the
case. . • ¦ .
After this had been done Judge Belling
er remarked that he hoped that Mr. Mc-
Cormlck would never be accepted as a
Juror in the Circuit Court, or any other
court of Justice.
Judge Bellinger had a previous expe
rience with Juror McCormlck. The latter
was a member of the Jury In the case of
Jiro Harada vs. the Southern Pacific Com
pany. Harada Is a Japanese student, wl:o
attended the Alameda High School /a« a
pupil. One day in October, 1898, he was
run over by a train at the intersection of
Park and Everett streets and Injured so
badly that It was found necessary to am
putate one leg and three. fingers, for the
loss of which Harada asked, the court to
award him $20,000 damages.. Harada r»
celved a verdict for $5000. On the day aft«»r
the verdict had been rendered McCormick
visited the Judge in his chambers and told
him that he had been unable to sleep be
cause his conscience troubled him on ac
count of the verdict. In which he had
acquiesced. He thought. that the Jap had
been negligent. But the verdict had been
accepted and It was then too late to do
anything in the premises. Some of the
Jurors in that case said afterward that
McCormlck was recalcitrant, and . that in
order to get him to agree with the ob
stinate eleven they had <. scaled ; down' the
amount of damages from $10,000 to $5000.
The Japanese steamer Nanyo Mara,
which has been detained at the Diamond
Point quarantine station for fourteen
days, was to have been released to-day,
but owing to a third member of her crew
dying and seventeen more taking sick
with the Oriental disease called beriberi
she will be detained for a longer period.
MRS. LAWTON WILL SELL
THE REDLANDS RANCH
Intends Making Her Home With Her
Parents at Louisville,
Kentucl*y.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 12.— Captain J.
McC. Preston of Olean, Nebr., the life
long friend of General Henry W. Law
ton, who met Mrs. Lawton in San Fran
cisco when the dead soldier's body was
brought to these shores, is in Los Angeles
to receive Mrs. Lawton, who will arrive
In this city In two weeks.
Captain Preston has been the financial
adviser of the Lawtons for many years
and supplied the means to purchase the
Lawton orange ranch near Redlands.
Captain Preston still holds a $5000 mort
gage on the place. When Mrs. Lawton
comes to California from Louisville for
the purpose of closing up her husband's
estate she will dispose of the Redlands
home and in the future reside in Louis
ville, Ky., the home of her parents.
COLONEL D. E. MILES.
Parochial Building Association of Monte
rey, the object of which Is to construct
new buildings and Improve those now In
existence which belong to San Carlos Ro
man Catholic parish. The officers of the
organization are: William Hunt, presi
dent; Henry F. Henneken, secretary.
Rev. Father R, M. Mestres, treasurer;
Joseph Shulte Jr., A. E, Allen and Wil
liam Hannon, auditing committee. Sev
eral large subscriptions of money for car
rying forward the work of the association
have already been received. The first
work contemplated by the association is
the remodeling of the parochial residence,
a very old and badly constructed building.
HS predicted in The Call on Sunday, Lieutenant Colonel D. E. Miles,'sig
nal officer on the division staff, has been commissioned colonel and as
ll—^ Elstant adjutant general on the major general's staff, N/G. C, to fill
the vacancy caused by the death of the late Colonel Thomas M. Cluff.
Colonel Miles is one of the'most popular officers in the National Guard. He
first entered the service of the State on the 7th of February, IS9O, when he was
commissioned as captain and aid-de-camp on the staff of the Second Brigade.
In June following he was commissioned major and signal officer of that bri
gade. On the 24th of May, 1895. he was, at his request, placed on the retired
list, and he remained there until July 30, 1596, when he was commissioned
lieutenant colonel and signal officer, on the division staff.
for Sydney. N. S. W., which was. reported
on January 23 ashore on Chapman Island,
in- Torres Straits, has arrived at Sydney,
haying been pumped out and floated after
being made tight by divers. She will go
into drydock for repairs.
DAISY MOTT TAKES
ANOTHER HUSBAND
Married in Arizona a Few Days
After the IHvorce Was
Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES.- Feb. 12.— Mrs. Daisy
Mott, who was divorced from Stephen H.
Mott Jr. a few days ago, has married Dr.
O. C. Josslyn, a young doctor who came
recently to Los Angeles. The marriage
was celebrated In Arizona, as the law of
this State does not permit, the contraction
of a new marital alliance within a year of
the time a divorce is granted.
Mrs. Josslyn Is ; a young and . beautiful
woman, whose brief > career before the
footlights turned the head of many a
giddy young fellow. She was for a while
understudy for Madame Modjeska. While
still devoted to the profession of an act
ress. Miss Hupp, as she was then called,
eloped with Mott to Santa Ana, where
they were married In defiance of parentai
consent. It is said that within a day or
two of the time the divorce was granted
Dr. Josslyn and Mrs. Mott set forth for
Yuma, where their marriage was solemn
ized with even less conventionality than
that of the original Santa Ana wedding.
EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION
Will Open the Season at Pacific
Grove.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. Feb. 12.— 1t has Just
been announced here that the California
State Epworth League annual convention
is to be held in this city In April next,
thus opening the convention season at
this resort about two months earlier than
ever before. The coming convention is
an important gathering and will bring be
tween SOO and 500 delegates.
Special arrangements -for Its reception
will be made by the local Epworth League
and by the city and it promises to be one
of the most notable events of the. com
ing season. Dr. Thomas FUben, superin
tendent of Pacific Grove and a prominent
officer In the State league, has . entire
charge of the arrangements.
OPPOSE EQUAL SUFFRAGE.
Delegation of Women Calls Upon
President McKinley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— President Mc-
Klnley this afternoon received at the
White House a number of women- repre
senting, the State organizations that are
opposed to women's suffrage. They were
introduced by Mrs. Root, wife of the Sec
retary of War. After the meeting they
expressed themselves as well pleased.
THE li!g Federal building on Wash
ington street and the Sub-Treasury
buildir.g on Commercial strt-e-t
buzzt d with scandal yesterday. The
subject was a sensational incident
that occurred at a civil service examina
tion- that took place last Saturday for the
position of chief clerk of the Sub-Treasury
in this city, a position paying $2400 per an
num. The fact that the temporary in
cumbent. Samuel Jacobs, was an appli
cant and appeared for examination and
that he is a brother of Assistant Treas
urer Jacobs has made busy tongues wag
with rumors of fraud or attempted fraud,
and protests and affidavits on both sides
are now on their way to Washington.
The story is to the effect that the packet
containing the questions to be propounded
to the applicants had been opened before
hand by Manuel Eyre, secretary of the
special Board of Civil Service Examiners,
and this fact gave rise to the report that
Mr. Jacobs was to be favored by the ex
aminers or some of them by being made
acquainted with the questions before the
examination took place.
The special boara appointed for the pur
pose of examining applicants consists of
Thomas Burns, Manuel Eyre and John T.
Lydon. all being attaches of the Sub-
Treasury. There were thirty-five ap
cants. only thirty of whom appeared for
examination before the board. Mr. Eyre,
as secretary of the board, had possession
of the examination papers sent by the
Civil Service Commission at Washington,
and after the class had been called to or
der he held up the packet and showing
the seal and twir.e on top of it said, "You
ccc the seal is unbroken; the package has
not betn opened."
Mr. Burns, a member of the board, de
clared that the package had been tam
pered with, for the twine of the lower
side had been cut and the packet had
teen resealed on that side with the seal
of the San Francisco Sub-Treasury. At the
eaxne time G. Andruss. one of the appli
cants, observed the same thing and pro
tested. Mr. Eyre then explained that he
had cut the twine by mistake a few days
before. He had been in the habit of re
ceiving several packets of that size end
thapr and not knowing that this particu
lar packet had anything to do with the
examination had cut the twine on Ihe un
der side. When he opened it and found
that it contained the questions to be asked
tt the examination he repealed the packet
without looking any further into its con
tents.
Mr. Andruss then filed a verbal protp*t
and the examination was proceeded with,
Mr. Andruss watching Samuel Jacobs so
fharply as to make that gentleman and
the board feel very uncomfortable. At
the expiration of about half an hour Mr.
Jacobs announced that he did not desire
to proceed any further with the examina
tion and that the board might consider
him out of It.
The clamor was so great that the board
yesterday prepared -affidavits to the effect
that no oily of their number had any Idea
of the contents of the packet and that It
was opened through mistake.
If the Civil Service Commission at
Washington should throw out the exam
ination Samuel Jacobs will have another
chance at the position, but if the exam
ination shall be declared legal he will have
lost the job through the peculiar mistake
of the secretary of the special board.
Mr. Burns said yesterday that he was
the first person to discover that the
packet had been opened and that he made
the announcement of that fact to the class
at once. Mr. Eyre swears that he did not
pry Into the contents of the packet, and
that as this was tha first time that he and
his colleagues had acted in that capacity
the mistake was natural and perfectly
innocent.
George H. Andruss., who claimed he was
the first to discover that the list of ques
tions had been tampered with, was much
perturbed last night when he learned that
the matter had gained publicity. He
seemed to think that all his efforts to
secure the place would now avail him.
naught, even though he should stand the
highest In the class of thirty candidates
which took the examination.
"Assistant Treasurer Jacobs picks the
successful man from the three who pass
the highest examination," he said, "and
if I should even be in the lead In the
contest my name will be mud when the
choice Is made.- if I am connected with
this trouble. If they <lo not throw me
down In Washington, they certainly will
in San Francisco.
"While I do not want to be put down
as a kicker, I must admit that I first
made the discovery that the list of ques
tions sent here from Washington had
been Juggled. The law provides that
when the package of questions comes
from Washington It is to be kept Intact
until the class which is to be examined
ia got together. It is then to be opened
by the examiners In the presence of all
of the candidates. This Is expressly
stated in a large- warning pasted on one
side of the package.
"When the package was brought out
before the class last Saturday I noticed
that it was sealed with the seal of the
San Francisco sub-treasury instead of
that at the department in Washington.
When I called the attention of the ex
aminers to the fact they became very
much arltated. and said that they had
opened the package by mistake. Then, to
allay suspicion, they said that they had
placed the roll of questions In a new
wrapper and scaled It up again with the
local seal. They all protested that no
person had secured access to the ques
tions, and were going to forward an af
fidavit to that effect to Washington.
• "I did not make any charge qf fraud,
although Sam Jacobs, a brother of the
Assistant Treasurer at San Francisco,
was one of the candidates who took the
examination. There certainly was a big
chance for fraud, but I made no protest
and am not kicking now, because If I
did my chances as a candidate would be
ruined."
Thomas Burns, Cashier of the Sub-Treasury,
Exposed What Had Been Done and Samuel
Jacobs Withdrew From the Class.
MANUEL EYRE MADE
A PECULIAR MISTAKE
Broke the Seals on Civil Service Papers
and Concealed the Fact.
DUNNE'S SCHEME
IS LOOKED INTO
BY THE POLICE
Solicits Money to Bet
on Races.
BIG RETURNS ARE PROMISED
SEDUCTIVE CUtCTTLAB, BRINGS
MANY REPLIES.
"Edward Dunne and wife, Chicago," In
a plain business hand, appears on the Pal
ace Hotel register, under date of Wednes
day, February 7. The register shows also
that the owners of the names were as
signed to one of the most luxurious apart
ments In that hostelry.
Edward Dunne spent yesterday after
noon at the Tanforan racetrack In the
company of a police detective, explaining
some matters that had caused him to
come under the eye of the officers. The
police-accused Dunne of trying to estab
lish in this city a money-making scheme
similar to that which landed Miller, New
York's sensational swindler, behind the
bars, the difference being that Dunne usea
the horse races instead of stocks as the
basis of his game, and that he succeeded
in convincing the officers that they could
not fasten any crime upon him.
Before coming to this city Dunne mailed
all over the East a seductive circular
asking those to whom it was addressed to
send him money to bet for them on a
horse to be started on February 13 and
which would sell at about 15 or 20 to 1,
nothing less than remittances of $10 to be
accepted. This, the circular continued,
was a chance to win from $500 to $1000
clear on a bet of $50, Dunne's commission
to be a fourth.
The circular sets forth that Dunne Is
chairs and opened business there, his
name and an invitation to "walk in" be
ing painted on the door. Saturday after
noon Dunne and two men who were work-
Ing with him stuffed the contents of two
valises full of circulars into the mail box
downstairs.
Upon his return from the Tanforan
track yesterday the police told Dunne he
could go his way. Their belief was that
the man never bet the money sent to him
or at least that he bet only a small por
tion of it and added the large balance to
his bank account. They came to the con
clusion, however, that they could prove
none of these things, not knowing how
much money the mails brought In.
Dunne was found in his apartment at
the Palace last 'night. He la a smooth
faced, rotund, smiling and keen-appear
ing individual. Though advertised as "a
trainer for twenty years." he said he was
but 33 years of age and he looks like any
thing but a horse trainer.
"I can't be arrested on any charge
whatever." he said, confidently. "All I
do is to receive money to bet on commis
sion. I've done this in all the big cities.
The detective saw me bet JIOO to-day. I
placed it on Tizona three ways. He came
in fourth. I get through the mails about
$300 or $400 a month, and win about $2500 or
$3000.
"I own Tizona. Tradalium and
Forbes. Tradalium Is worth about 30
cents. The others are good horses.
I bought Forbes In Chicago last sum
mer. These horses are raced in the
name of my trainer, A. O. Himmel
man. Forbes in the second race is the
horse I am going to place all the money
on to-morrow. I've received about $400
since I came here Wednesday, and It all
goes on him. Why. to prove I'm square,
look at these telegraph blanks. I'm get
ting ready to wire all my clients before
the race is run the name of the horse I
bet on."
There certainly did He on his table a
number of blank telegraph sheets, which
he pointed to as silent witnesses of his
veracity.
Men posted on racing lawa said yester
day they did not know it was a violation
of the Turf Congress rules to solicit
money through the malls.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,* TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1900.
pleases and tell Sullivan & Sullivan to go
to hell."
Fifty plunks were needed to appease the
court's insulted feellr.es and Dr. Lalne
will think before he writes another time.
FEARED ASSASSINATION.
Postmaster in a Texas Town Closes
His Office.
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 12.— The postofflco
at Wllmouth, Tex., has been ordered dis
continued from February 14 next. This
action was taken by the department a3
a result of representations by the post
master there that he wished to reslpn be
cause cf open threats that he would be
assassinated. The postofflce officials have
no other information in resard to tha
case.
I O jt. Talcott & Co. j
I \L &* « 1 Specialists for Every 1
1 ]™Er* I Form of Weakness 1
|//|^^S\ I and Diseases of Men. I
9 I \ \iy // V? H We make a specialty of Varicocele &j
¦ ~ ¦ \*-*J :1 1 > ffl and the weaknesses that usually ac- bb
H w ' company it. One week's treatment ef- M
M £ j • j g ESJ fects a cure that remains a cure. We El
B lTriPrlV If use no knif e ' li £ atures > suspensory or H
3 Ulllvllj g electric Jbelt Our method of doing M
H H business is a guarantee. p
I Reliable I pay WHEN CURED. I
H Tfc/\/%-4-^« ' fi ¦ We have cured oxer two thousand . 1
B ifllCTlll^ H cases without one failure or unpleas- M
m 11 ant result. There is no pain or de- pa
]R H tention from business. We invite B
M T/\tf* H orres P onde . nce and fullest investiga- m
jg IUF 1 tlOn * We cure caS€S that k*™ been B
Eg H considered hopeless and have done it |§
M »»* H in a .manner that has given us a repu- §f
9 iH AH I tatiCn f ° r Skill that We cannot afford 11
B lllvll ' Bto Jeopardize. We invite correspond- if
B • I ence from those who wish expert fa
1 Unly! I 997 Market Street, Corner Sixth 1
«5j Har* written
t" »*T that
/ /K*^*V Hudyan gay«
fl i^^jtS" Jj M them strenctla
m '-fi^jj/ and perfect
J~ T^«lf 7- relief tram
• Q-\ -r /~Q pain* and
\"j^\ weak nesse*
j^^^jur^, natural to
their •ex.
IM&GPtiSft 61net Hudyan
&W^li*ft * 1 1 drusKlsts
f^^Slv^ -^ - 1 Imm s d Ut.
& 'ri&>Cl J£'~~~ > I r*acjj of every
\V'M%g%ir r '~ £*L Hudyaa baa
' I A Vv 'J jtlZA ' ¦* nifter with
l\ ¦'> » \ ' regularities
/¦V\w^t«S* and chronlo
uW^y l'mi&k •» disorders pe-
hl ? V^ •'M^^^^ T cullar to their
V\4A / iM#^Y%££ No woman
'/ <k*^* <^/*^ r<: Si*^l need suffer.
'I •^L.vL-~^l,£?i>ilT l %'\i for Hudyan t«
%^lrt&3&ll&^^P troublrs. Dull
o r throbbt^s
headaches (s},
feollow eyes (7), pale, wan faces (S). choking sen*
¦atlons (5). oppressed feeling (4). palpitation of
heart (3). pain in back <I>— all these belong to
women who are victims of female complaint,
Hudyan affords prompt relief.
Hudyan cures chronic ulceratlons «r Inflam-
mations, mucuous discharge (leucorrhoea),
painful or Irregular periods. Hudyaa estab*
)l*hes permanent health.
fiFT HUMAN From sT<« r <Jro*»rtst. 800 %
UCI iiUUIAiI package, six packages for
12 SO. It your druggist does not keep it. send di-
rect to the HUDTAN HEMEDICO.. cor. Stock-
ton. Kl!l« and Mark*t nts. . San Francisco. Cal.
(ADVISORY DEPARTMENT FOR WOMEN-
FREE.)
CONSULT HUDTAN DOCTORS. CiU, OB
.WRITE.
?OwO*O*O*O*O#O*O^O*O*O<»OwO«t
I VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! I
? G9 A Natural Mineral Water £
o Hftl *l* n medicinal qualities, *
? 1&& For Indigestioa a^i o
o j*fPir% Stomach Disordsrs. o
o ij||§4 So-called V I C HY I
? jrcffi&ai IN SIPHONS |
| Jll? KJST VJCHYf
? %&*s&? Get the Genulno <*
O A. VIGNIER. Distributing Asent^
? 0*0*0*0*0*0*0»0}-0'40'»0'>0'»0->
iBBI
An Old Held on Yonng Shoulders
Isn't always indicative of wisdom, as it
takes experience to make a man appre-
ciate the high class work done at the
United States Laundry. After your ex-
perience of ragged edges and spread-
eagle button holes, streaked shirt fronti.
etc., the beauty of our finish and color
will make the wise head rest easy, for
you can't match our work anywhere.
United State* Laundry. Offlo«
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
Avisr* DR. JORDAN'S great d
{MUSEUM OF ANATOHYf
(i Cfe i:nni2xxtsr.iit.ftii?i.s.r.c:ti
Hj - Tbe Latent Anatomical Museum in tbe \
, i -• *JL i Wond. tt Mine '«« or any enntracted 4
JSf irSl disease pe%i«i»»>l7 rvrsri ny the oldest V
| » |sS JJI &peuaJUtrath«Cc4»t. E»t36ye»r» 0
, ! Q&tjfl CR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
ffffiS^jl Co:nalt»tion fr»s and snirtly pnyite \
t 4 l5<H fl "^" " m " l ' fxnonally or hir letter. Aj€
' M ff X\ W fvm^tn* Curt 10 every case undertaken. \
iB If lift w "te for Book. PKLOsiurnYttl
•il 1* JflAnaiAcj;. MAtua rau. tAY
. n IL vmluaUa book for ornl \
j ' 08. JOBDA3T A CO.. 1051 Market St.. B. F. 9
Jtt.Vorrouj Ditewea (falling M*<9>
ory. Sleeplasimeas, «re., caaand by orar.
work and Indiscretions. TAru quickly
on* turely reetoro Lost Vitality ia okt
or roaaa. and fit a mta fcr stndT. ba*i-
nma or pleasure. Prevent Intaau»an i
Coaaomptioa If taken. In time. Th«ir
nte (bows immediate lm ptwoiattnt and eSoeta CURK
where all others fail. liuUt upoa having the genain*
AJ*x Tablets. Th« 7 hay* cured thoonnd* and will
cure too. We give a positive written ara&raatee in mt-
fnct aeore in each ca«o or refoad toe money. Pric*
Eftftfs per packacn, or aix package* |fall tre&t-
UUUb. ment) for $8.0Ot» mail, ia plain wr&rver.
open receipt o f prici. Circulars tii«.
AJAX REMEDY CO., '^^^r-
For sate In 8. T. by lXpnlta * Co.. No Per-
ceataxe Dras Co.. Owl Drue Co.. 8. F.. OaJtld.
? «>???!«??» ? ?????¦?»»ee»»»
i: Palace and j
:: Grand Hotels t
•" Fcr nearly a quarter of a century the M
' > leading hotels on the Pacific Coast. ¦ f
<> With added Improvements and con- t
4 venlences they continue- to be the head- ? .
? Quarters for tourists anil travelers vis- «.
itlnc San Francisco. «.
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. +
t . Manns??. «.
ft. BPP Pi fill 1 I Corner Fourth and
VIII U IJVIIII— 5c Overcoats and
Valises checked trte.
5Professor James Hyslop of Columbia University
h^s recently" announced that it is possible to com
municate with the spirit inhabitants of the other
world. As proof of his assertion he says he has
lizard from his lately departed father that he is now
in a place where an overcoat is a superfluity.
The cive-kcepers of the city, it is said, are groaning
under the oppression of the Police Commission.
The sharks should not unnecessarily disturb* them
f-rhes. as the commission shows sign of going further
ai d the groan may be superseded in the luxury of n
l?owl.
The national Democracy is looking for a new issue
ard a new candidate for the Presidency. Can it be
possible that the astute managers of the machine have
fo-gotten to look for a new hole in which to disappear
r.i'.cr November?
Huntingdon has decided to buy a cotton mill. If
the old gentleman had determined to purchase a
woolen mill it might have been suspected that he had
dropped unexpected!}' into Sacramento.
The police officers accused of blackmailing Chinese
have evidently been studying international politics.
They probably think that the partition of China
means a division of the spoils in" Chinatown..
THE BAGDAD RAILWAY.
I ; ROM Berlin comes the report of the publica-
J tion in that city of a work entitled "From
*¦ Mediterranean to Persian Gulf," which discusses
the various problems involved in the construction of
the so-called "Bagdad railway," a concession for
which was recently granted by the Sultan of Turkey
to a German syndicate. As the book is the produc
tion of Baron von # Oppenheim, an official of the Ger
man Government at Cairo, it is regarded as a work of
no little importance. It is, in fact, something of an
official outline of what the Germans purpose to ac
complish in the enterprise.
It has been deemed well nigh certain that the rail
way would be constructed from a point on the
Bo?phorus through the valley of the Euphrates to
Bagdad, and from that point to the Persian Gulf.
Baron Oppenheim, however, after discussing the
various routes which have been under consideratiqn,
comes to the conclusion the road should start from n
port on the Mediterranean and proceed along the
valley of the Tigris instead of the Euphrates. The
Tigris route will be longer than the other, but it is
richer, more thickly populated, has more centers of
important trade, and is, moreover, the route taken. by
most of the caravans to and from the Persian Gulf.
From this it appeals, the new railway will be run
from Konieh to Biredjik and Mardin, and thence
along the Tigris to Nisibin and Mosul, finally passing
among the low hills of Kurdistan to Bagdad.. The
notion of planting German colonists along this line
has evidently been abandoned. The Sultan, it seems
UNCLEAN BIRD, MARPLOT, SCANDAL-MONGER.
A Few of the Choice Terms Applied to the Examiner by the Interior
Press for Its Baseless Senatorial E'ection Slander.
SAN DIEGO UNION.
Even decent Democrats must b*> disgusted with the attempt of the San Fran
cisco Examiner to smirch the fair fame of California by insinuating that the elec
tion of Thomas R. Bard to the United States Senate was obtained through cor
porate Influence. and money. At a time when the people of the entire State are
rejoicing over the splendid triumph of clean politics the journalistic polecat of Snr.
Francisco places Itself moat offensively in evidence in its customary manner. The
paper's efforts to elect a notorious corruptionlst having failed, it would cover its
retreat by slandering an honest man and denying to decency the victory It has
WOn. ¦ ¦ ¦ . :..;.-v^<;; . ' . •
HUMBOLDT STANDARD.
Such baseless charges from n sheet so thoroughly discredited even by the bet
ter element of the Democratic party will not deceive the people. The Examiner
is an unclean bird. It did its best to compass the defeat of Senator White when
he was seeking the honor of a seat in the United States Senate, but its opposition
helped rather than hurt Stephen M. White. Its charges of bribery and corrui
tion, of collusion between Herrin and the Sugar :Trust, will be taken fo«* vhat
they really are: the fulmlnations of a disappointed mischief-maker and marplot.
? • •
SACRAMENTO SUNDAY NEWS.
The Insinuation of the Examiner that the Sugar Trust had a hand in the selec
tion of Bard foi Senator is unsupported by Incident or circumstance, yet Is repeat
id day by day. each time with a little nearer approach to plain accusation but
artfully avoiding it. ¦ Such newspaper work is contemptible and. is a disgrace to
journalism. It has not even the mender advantage of btlng gcod politics for th«
people despise the slanderer who socks to destroy with the weapons of 'baaelesa
innuendo. _ . . , . . ¦ '.*V V -
NAPA REGISTER.
Even the Examiner seems to want lo disown the He after giving It circula
tion, by expressing doubts on the subject. Poor Examiner/prematurely old— in
sin— Us descent from a position of influence to one of irresponsible chatter ha«
been rapid, and the person who believes what it says on subjects polit'cal •K-nuiVi
draw as a curiosity in a dime museum. ;%-.-; ¦?, ' wumu
LOS ANGELES TIMES.
. The San Francisco Examiner continues to assert that the sole reason why
Senator Bard secured his election was because of the fact that he is a wealthy
man. To a mercenary and unprincipled sheet like the Examiner nothine ta'k«
but money., consequently we should not be surprised to see it weigh in *r every
thing in Its own scales that are loaded to defraud. /.;.-. ¦.- b " er)
LOS ANGELES EXPRESS.. '
The despicable and shameless attempt of the San Francisco Examiner to tar
nlsh Senator Bard's stainless j-eputation by Insinuating that money was used In
his election Is an odious exhibition. Luckily the absolute freedom of the election
from such influences is so clear that tne foul lies of the Examiner will only make
the manly qualities of our. Senator shine the brighter. . unij^maKe
• • •
SACRAMENTO RECORD-UNION.
The San Diego Union, referring to the San Francisco Examiner's objection tn
Senator Bard that he is a man of some considerable wealth, says thnt th~ v
amlner "forgets." Oh no! Jt simply is devoid of conscience. Such Inteih"
gences never forget, though remembrance seldom troubles them " --" ""e*"-
FRESNO REPUBLICAN.
It Is an unfortunate state of affairs, and It is- unfortunate that there
such newspapers as the Examiner to produce it. Tho rumor the Examiner V*
fers to was: not; afloat until the Examiner floated' lt. and It ill beef*™* tnfr
scandal-monger to deplore that for which It is Itself. responsible uecumes tnat
VENTURA FREE PRESS.,
The vain attempt of the Examiner to have the public believe that Hunting
ton has any kind of a hold upon Senator Bard Is havinc no other rpvnir VtvTn
making that sheet moßt unpopular in this part of California. . result than
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A GREAT DRAMA— M. R.. City. -If
you have the plot for a great drama you
would better submit it to a theatrical
manager, and if it possesses merit he will
s»o Inform you. Then the plot may be
dramatized and prepared for the sage.
SHARKEY — GREGGAINS — CHOYN"-
SKI— Tom Sharkey. and Alex Grepgalns
fought in the Bush-street Theater, San
Francisco. March 12, ISG6. Tom Sharkey
and Joe Choynskl fought In the People's
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.
PLUM-COLORED CLOTH DRESS.
This dress U of plum-colored cloth. The
bolero is almost closed at the chest, but
much cut away at the waist. The waist
coat Is of ivory pleated moussellne de sole,
the sJT.rt pathexed at the hips and be
hind, and the tunic crenellated round the
bottom, which is trimmed with a flounce
of black moussellne de sole. The under
skirt Is of cloth.
AMUSEMENTS.
A'.J-.ambra— JefTrW-Fharkey Contest Pictures.
Tivcli— "The Idols Hye."
tjrar.j Oprs-houst — "Alladin Jr."
Grand Op*rn Hww' Pjunyhany Coscert Thursday afternoon.
< 'rpheum— Vaudeville.
California— "An Unconventional Honeymoon."
Coiurr.ola — "Th<* Viceroy."
Alcarar— "Oh, Susannah."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rvenlnz-
Olympla, corner Mason and IZ'.'.'.p streets — Specialties.
T\>Ftern Turf Association — Race* to-day.
Dr. Sanford'3 Liver Invigorator.
u7^mrim^^ lc , lr) S: A *««**>'• cure for
UTer ills, biliousness. Indigestion, conatlsaUoo. •
Tha Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
Th* California Ltmlted. Santa F» Root*
Opnnect.n* train, leave at 6p. m * M ?n d ay
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any Un« v
the Ea.u Ticket nfflce. Cs Market street.
All danger of drinking Impure water 1>
« 0 V .°tu« Krf * 2 ° ° f Dr " Sl^« A -
Personally Conducted Excursions
In improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
aleeptng cars via Sanut Ft Route. Experi-ncul
excursion conductor* • accompany these »xcur-
tloni ito look after the welfar. of passen S »r».
To Ch'caso and Kansas City every Sunday
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Lou"*
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday ana
Friday. Ticket ofHce, «3 Market street.
A New York woman haa designed a
fastener for veils, comprising a double-
ended wire loop, with prongs at »ha
center to attach It to the hat or hair
safety-pins being provided with hooks to
engape the loops after the pins are In-
serted In the veil.
Gulllet'* Ire Cream and Cakes. 901 Larkta »'..*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
tomery Btrtet. Telephone Main 1W» •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsend'a.*
If half the clever words attributed to ' General
Joubert- are true the old Boer soldier is as distin
guished a strategist in wit as he is in war. He is
said to be greatly chagrined that he failed to receive
information of some movement made by the besieged
English in Ladysmith.
National Republican managers, it is said, are pre
paring to select McKinley's running mate in the
Presidential race*. An impression seems to have
gained currency that the Philadelphia convention
would have something to do with this interesting se
lection. '¦:¦.: t
Professor Thomas Jefferson House of the New
York Post Graduate Hospital has anathemized seal
skin coats, long skirts and silk underwear. In other
words he talks like a man facing endless dry goods
and dressmakers' bills with nothing to meet them.
The next International Peace Conference ought to
provide some means by which extravagant nations
might be able to take the benefit of an international
insolvency act. Even Norway is now after poor
Nicaragua to collect a bad debt.
The old adage .that easy writing makes very hard
reading is being demonstrated in connection with the
new charter. No two men have been, able yet to
agree upon the meaning of a single critical passage
in the interesting document.
The British War Office .must be expecting another
of those-."! regret to report" dispatches from. South
Africa. It is authoritatively announced that General
JBuller is acting upon his own responsibility.
The local woman who has tried in vain with a pistol,
a knife and deadly acid. to inflict seif-murder ought to
make a good testing apparatus for some of our new
car fenders. •'¦ • . . '
The Board of Public Works may not think very
highly of the services of laborers, but no fault can
be found certainly with the honorable commission for
its tribute to the worth of the furniture-workers. The
adornment of the Commissioners' rooms is a lesson
in luxury.
WILL DANCE
AFTER DINNER
One Hundred Young People
to Be the Guests of
Harry Scott at a
Dinner Dance.
Harry Scott will be host at one of the
most magnificent affairs of the season— a
dinner dance for one hundred young peo
ple—to be given on the evening of the 20th.
at the residence of his parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Irving M. Scott, 507 Harrison street.
The Scott home Is admirably adapted for
entertaining and the numerous drawing
rooms, all nung with wonderful pictures
and opening into one another, make an
unusually attractive and commodious
ballroom.
The dinner, which will be an elaborate
atialr, will be served at small round ta
bles. Immediately after dinner dancing is
to be inaugurated and will continue unin
terruptedly till midnight, when a dainty
slipper will be served.
The reception to be given this evening
at St. Luke's is. to be a very fashionable
affair. The musical end of the entertain
ment promises to be especially attractive
and will insure the early attendance of
the cuests.
The Hawaiian Glee and Quintet Club
will sing and play and. as they have an
other engagement later In the evening tl'-e
musical programme T.-ITI be started early
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. .12.— C. R. Wins
low of San Francisco is at the Raleigh;
James A. Lamer and wife of San Fran
cisco are at the Metropolitan,
A PALACE FOR LABOR.
The Call does not hold itself responsible for
the' opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
Editor of The Cam Sir— Your interest
ing article on "A People's Palace In
Paris" reminds us that in this city ~o(
palaces for private Individuals grown
rich on the toil of the workers, palaces
for their clubs, palaces for Christian as
sociations, palaces for stores and for God.
there is no palace for the builder of all
palaces In San Francisco. One solitary
rented flat is for the builders of palaces —
a readfng room, a billiard room, a smok
ing room, a card and chess room and a
room for other needful purposes. Another
flat serves for two meeting halls, the rent
of which helps to pay the expenses of
this poor "labor temple." "Cribbed, cab
ined and confined as it Is." the "Labor
Bureau Association." as this Institution is
called. Is very popular with San Fran
cisco workingmen, and It should be stu
died as a germ or model for a labor tem
ple or peoples' palace whenever it may
enter the collective mind of our commun
ity to recognize that It has a duty to
ward the creators of its wealth and
beauty.
Too long has it been the fashion to grind
out of the workingman all that he could
render and to dole out to him a pittance
that left him and his family helpless In
sickness and prostrate in his old age.
Rear a palace for labor, free of cost to
labor, and every citizen will point to it
as the most creditable monument that
can grace the city. Labor Is entitled to It
and will have it. JOHN ROBERTSON.
9 City Hall Square.
TREATY HYSTERICS.
THE Xew York Journal has concluded to defeat
the Nicaragua canal by hysterics. The new
treaty, modifying the Clayton-Bulwer conven
tion and enabling the immediate construction of the
canal by this Government, proposes to neutralize the
canal and that this country shall abstain from fortify
ing it. The militant spirit of the Journal wants not
only the large expenditure needed for construction,
but also the large outlay required to fortify it. To do
tins we must first acquire sovereignty from Nica
ragtta and Costa Rica, for one country cannot build
fortifications under the jurisdiction of another.
When we acquire sovereignty and proceed to fortify
«ye practically transfer to the two ends of the canal.
end perhaps to its entire mileage, including the lake
....
fliore involved, our national vitals and must there
- ¦:¦•¦•, ,-¦ •
lore plant there a system of defense as great as re
quired by our entire continental coasts. The artist in
hysterics has discovered that unless we fortify any
... ;" . J J
ration or combination of nations stronger than our
,
selves will take the canal. As there is no special vir
tre in canal fortifications, making them more im
- -
prcgnaOle than ?.ny other similar works, it may occur
to our non-hysterical people that anybody stronger
than we are will take the canal any wav, fortifications
When James Buchanan was Secretary of State he
hsd some ideas about an isthmian canal and left them
0:1 record to the effect that the canal should not only
be neutralized, but a wide zone at each terminus
t!:ould, by international agreement, be neutral also,
so that no nation or combination of nations could
possibly lie in wait to prey upon commerce destined
for that waterway.
Discouraging as present conditions may be, a civil
ized nation like this should still respect the prin
ciples of civilization and should practice that self
respect and good faith which go with a proper expres
tion of confidence in the self-respect and good faith
of other nations.
The hysterical policy of the Journal finally leads to
the dispatch of a insn-of-war with every merchant
ship to convoy her from the port of departure to her
destination lest some one. stronger than we, shall
return to barbarism by violating neutral obligations
/.«d making her a prize on the high seas. That is to
say. the Journal is fearful that the whole world is
about to adopt piracy, to disregard treaty obligations
and arm and equip for everlasting conflict.
The canal when buift will be of little use to us un
less, it is a neutral highway for the commerce of all
nation* and it is a pitiful exposure of ourselves to
declare that no cargo shall traverse it except under
ti:e threat of our guns.
Palace, San Francisco, April 15, 1596, and
March 11, IS9S. Tom Sharkey fought with
Joe Choynskl in San Francisco, match de
clared a draw in the eighth round.
FLIM FLAM— H. G. H.. Oakland. Tr.!.
If a man enters a store, purchases a-liat,
the price of which is $2, tenders in pay
ment what purports to be a $20 piece,
which the storekeeper cannot change, b'lt
obtains change from another dealer, v-'ho
subsequently discovers that the piece
given him is counterfeit, and has the
amount made pood, and the hat dealer,
having before the discovery of the bo^us
coin Riven the man the hat and $18 In
change, is out the value of the hat and $18
which he gave in change. He did not
in the transaction turn, over any of his
own money, but used that which he re
ceived from the man who accommodated
him.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Thomas Flint Jr. Is at the Palace from
his home In San Juan.
L. R. Payne, a well-known attorney of
Fresno, is a guest at the Occidental.
E. 1... Barkis, one of the leading business
men of Oakdale, is staying at the Lick.
A. Van T. Jones, a wealthy fruit grower
of Aptos, is registered at the Occidental.
J. R. Garrett, the Marysville capitalist,
is among the recent arrivals at the Lick.
B. F. McCullough, the millionaire ranch
er of Crows Landing, is a guest at the
I.lck.
S. N. Grifflth.the Fresno attorney, is one
of the arrivals of yesterday at the Oc
cidental.
N. G. Kaufman, a merchant of Juneau,
Alaska, is registered for a short stay nt
the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. J, W. Stevenson have
come down from Centerville and are regis
tered at- the Palace for, a few days. -
lu.t. and Mrsl H. E. Macdonnel, prom
inent society people of Vancouver, are in
the city on a short pleasure trip. They
are at the Occidental.
Mrs. E. P. Buckingham, owner of one
of the most extensive and valuable fruit
ranches in the State, is at the Palace on
a short visit to the city.
GENERAL BULLER: "Have courage, Lady Smith, lam still near you." -st. Louis Republic.
BRITISH DISCONTENTS
IF the old saying: "The shallows murmur, but the
deeps are dumb," be a maxim of universal appli
cation, then at this time very nearly all the people
of the British islands must be shallow, for almost all
of them are murmuring. In the sound of their mur
murs two complaints are heard above all others —
first, that the military censorship of the news from
South Africa is unworthy of the British nation, and
second that the army has been proven to be a social
rather than a military organization and that the
troops suffer disasters in battle because their officers
are ignorant of the art of war.
Against the censorship, some of the strongest papers
in London have begun a veritable crusade, the Times
leading the way. The Westminster Gazette, in com
menting upon it, says: "It is one of our traditions
that we seek neither to belittle our reverses nor to
magnify our victories; surely it is a tradition worth
guarding and worth adhering to. It is right that no
news of the movements or disposition of troops nor
any details which might assist the enemy should be
permitted to reach this country, yet we see daily that
certain details which might very easily be of assistance
to the Boers are permitted to come home, while other
information is withheld which would relieve thou
sands of anxious hearts at home while adding nothing
to the information of our enemy. We also see
shameful insinuations against the honor of individuals
allowed to come home over the wires and we see let
ters published giving particulars which do no good
to any one here, but might conceivably be of great
assistance to our foe. We. see also long cables de
scribing in the greatest detail trifling successes, thus
lending them a fictitious importance, while the re
sult of, important operations is concealed from us at
home long after it must have been perfectly well
known to the Boers."
The truth of these statements is familiar to every
one who has followed the reports from South Africa
with sufficient attention to form an intelligent opinion
concerning them and it is not strange the British peo
ple, in their eagerness for news and their anxiety
about friends, should feel a deep and well-founded
indignation against the censors who, without any
valid reason, deprive them of the information they
desire.
The clamor against the censorship, however, is
not greater nor severer than that against the system
of army administration which has placed British regi
ments under the command of men who sought the
rank solely for the social standing it gave them.
The officers have proven themselves to be brave, for
they have not shirked the duty of leading their men
into action, but they have also shown themselves
wholly lacking in military skill and resources. They
have been outgeneraled on the field in every fight
and have fallen into trap after trap set for them by
their enemies. Thus, without gaining any success
whatever, they have lost more men than it was'be
lieved would be lost in the whole course of the war.
The censorship will doubtless hold on its way until
the end of the war unless Roberts prove a wiser man
than.Buller and give orders to relax it, but the pres
ent system of providing officers for the army is
doomed. The popular sentiment now aroused against
it will not lightly pass away. Great Britain may lose
the Transvaal, but she will undoubtedly gain army
reform by way of consolation.
San Diego rainmakers should not be discouraged
even if they fail in their present attempt to compel
moisture from above. In his speech during the
Union League reception to Senator-elect Bard
General W. H. L. Barnes gave promise of needed re
lief. He said that at the conclusion of this year's
campaign he would be at San Diego weeping with
Grant.
THE GRAZING LEASES.
TIIE^E seems to be an extraordinary condition
of indifference in the: West to the effort now be
ing made by the Interior and Agricultural de
partments to protect the grazing property of the Gov
ernment by a leasehold control. \
The grazing lands west of the ninety-ninth meridian
have been occupied without law and exhausted with
out foresight until their forage is greatly impaired and
the resource of the country for a beef food supply
and for our great export of that meat is rapidly dis-
The statistics of Wyoming will serve as an example
and results found there are general throughout the
grazing region.
In 18S6 Wyoming had on the ranges 1,280,916 head
of cattle with a value of $32,022,900 and 518,466 sheep
of a value of $1,072,188. The exhaustion of the cattle
food was rapid. As their forage disappeared sheep
increased to destroy what was left, so that in 189S
the cattle had declined to 688,092 head, with a value
of $16,300,696, and sheep had increased to 1,940,021,
with a value of $5,714,332. There was left therefore a
total property value on these exhausted ranges of
$22,102,028 to replace the total of $33,095,088 that was
there twelve years before.
It will be seen that the substitution of a sheep value
for a cattle value is that of a less for a greater. The
loss of cattle value in that twelve years was $15,632,
204 and the substituted gain in sheep value was only
$4,652,144!
It is estimated that a sheep equivalent for cattle is
ten sheep to one steer, so that to replace the full
value of 1886 would require the presence of 13,000,000
sheep. As an officer of the Agricultural Department
truly says: "Thirteen million sheep would transform
Wyoming into a cloud of dust." The same officer
adds: "Here and throughout the West are large areas
cf once fine grazing lands which to-day' will not sup
port one steer; for not merely have the grasses been
eaten to the ground year after year, but they have
been actually killed out and supplanted by other vege
tation that stock will not eat. The writer has trav
ersed mile after mile of such country along the Lower
Dcs Chutes in Oregon. From every part of the arid
West rumors of such denudation are heard and from
many sections the reports are reliable and precise.
For obvious reasons the local newspapers say little
or nothing about the matter, but the fact that such
and such a range is 'played out' is a matter of com
mon knowledge in Western communities. I do not
wish, for the mere purpose of supporting an argu
ment, to draw too black a picture of the decadence
of Western grazing lands, but I do wish to assert as
strongly as possible my belief that if the laws govern
ing our arid lands remain unchanged lawlessness
will continue, the destruction of private property and
human life will go on, the prosperity of communities
will be lessened and one of the rich resources of the
nation will be wasted. It must, however, in fairness
be stated that, bad as conditions now are, the remedy
is easy and that, if soon applied, recovery will be
quick. If an area of overgrazed land be fenced in
and stock be kept off, the grass, if not actually killed,
will after a time regain its original vigor — in some
cases in a year or two, in others in five years. Hun
dreds of instances may be found where a small area
of private land, fenced and not overstocked, main
tains its full forage crop, while outside the fence
there is practically no grazing whatever. In many
cases stockmen or companies have acquired titles, by
purchase of homesteads, of tracts of watered land
covering large territories and by fencing them in they
have been able, to control the grazing lands of those
regions. No others can bring their cattle,- because
they can get no water for them. The resident cattle
cwner, therefore, while without legal control of the
land outside his fences has de facto the exclusive use
of it. He accordingly manages it as if it were his
own property, that is, he does not overstock it. As a
result the grass crop is maintained at its highest limit
of continued productiveness."
FYom its knowledge of these facts the Agricultural
Department concludes that these ranges should not
be sold to private ownership, that they should remain
a part of the public domain, but that their wasteful
reduction to desert conditions should be prevented
by giving stockmen a leasehold control, properly safe
guarded and under Federal supervision, to the end
that their forage may be renewed, even by reseeding if
necessary, and that the grazing business, now going
swiftly and lawlessly to its final end, be furnished the
protection of law and permanence.
We cannot conceive why this, should not be de
sirable for the stockmen. They should seek law, or
der and permanence for their occupation and there
fore they should at once second the highly intelligent
and necessary purposes sought by the Agricultural
and Interior departments. It is not often that the in
fluence of two of the great Cabinet departments is
combined in securing an economic result that depends
on legislation. Whether they see" it or not the result
h in the proper interest of the stockmen. But the
consumers of beef food, the tanners and leather trades
have also a vital interest and if the stockmen con
tinue indifferent these classes should see to it that
the supply of raw material is not cut off by the con
tinuation of an unwise and lawless policy.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13. 1900.
will settle a number of Mohammedan agriculturists
on this territory, with the object of raising cotton
and grain. Baron yon Oppenheim has no doubt that
when once irrigation canals from the Euphrates and
the Tigris have been built, modern Mesopotamia will
rival ancient Babylon in fertility and riches. He pre
dicts for the railway a brilliant future. In a short
time the passenger and goods traffic must enormously
increase, and, besides, mails to the East will certainly
be dispatched by this line. v.
Since the Baron obtained the data on which his
book is based the situation has % been changed mi
terially by the concessions' which the Persian Gov
ernment has granted to Russia in consideration of an
important loan. Those concessions virtually give
Russia a paramount influence in. Persia, and conse
quently a control of the railways and the ports of that
country. What the Germans will do to avoid the
difficulty remains, to be. seen. It is hardly likely they
will undertake to ¦construct- a railway whose eastern
terminus will be under Russian control, and yet it is
certain, they cannot very well end their Bagdad road
anywhere except upon some part of the Persian Gulf.
Diplomacy, of course, may find a way of arranging
the matter to the satisfaction of all concerned, but it
is clear that when once the Bagdad road is con
structed Germany will have to be counted as an
Asiatic power, and Russia and Great Britain will not
have the game altogether to themselves.
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 13, 1900
Address All Ccir.murvcatior.s to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
I : Hl.lt Al lON OKFICT?...Mnrket and Third. S. 1\
Telephone Mnln ISOS.
tioiTOBIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered fey Carrier*. 15 Cent" Per AVeelc
Mnscle Copied. 5 Cent-.
Term* »»v Mnll. Iml ti.l mx l'nM^cc:
D * 11,1 < Al.l, iliu-luillnc Mimlayi, one yi>!ir..sil.on
DAILY CAUL. (Inolndliiff Snn.l:«y>. <l month*. . R.OO
MAIL.V CJUX titifludiiie $nndn>|. 3 uinnth<i.. 1..10
DAILY CALL — II jr Mnele Mouili OT.e
M \I)AV CALL One Year 1 .50
UKGKLY CALL One Year l.tM)
All |iu»tiiin>i>-rK are authorised to receive
• obacrlptlouM.
Sa:uple copies « 111 !»«• lorunnlcil vrhen reqnested !
GAKLAXD OFFICE .....II IS BrondKir
C. CBORCR KROGXBSS.
Mnnacer Foreign Advertlolntr. Marqnette Rnlld
tuK. ChlcnKO.
XISW YORK COUUKSPO\r>KXTI
C. C CAUI.TOX Herald San&rc
CHICAGO M2WS STAXDSt
Sherman Ilonne; I*. O. Ncivs Co.: Great North
era Hotel; Fremont Ilonnet Auditorium riotcl.
NEW YORK .\IS\VS STAXDSI
WaMorf-Afiforln Hotel: A. Urentano, 31 Union
S<<narej Slnrray Hill Hotel.
XXXV YORK UIiI'UKSE.VTATIVEj
I'KItUV MKESS JR 29 Tribune Untldlnc
WASHIXG7ON (n. C.» OFFICE.. Welllnirton Hotel
J. V. OUUMI. Correspondent.
DQ ASCII OFFICES — 327 Slontsromery. corner of
Clay, ojirn until U:'.lf} o'clock. 300 Hhvph,
»l>«-n if it 1 1 1 !>:"« oVlock. ii'.iU .McAllister, open
nnttl U ¦.:',{> o'clock. «»1."» Larkin. open until
!•:.•»> o'clock. KMI MUxiun, open r.ntll ll»
o'cEnrk. 2>Ul Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until !f o'clock. Jit'.Hl Valencia, open until U
iiVlurl.. HHi Eleventh, open nntll O o'clock.
V\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
¦ptll until !• o'clock.
6CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP.
Hon. Frank J. Murasky Speaks to
the Young Men's Institute.
Hon. Frank J. Murasky delivered the
second lecture of the course being given
by the Young Men's Institute at the Met
ropolitan Temple last night. The section
of the course was that allotted to Cathol
icism and conduct, and the speaker chose
for his subject "The Christian Citizen."
Professor R. J. Harrison presided at the
organ, and after a recitation. Colonel J.
J. Tobin made a . few introductory re
marks, introducing the speaker, of the
evening. Hon. Frank Murasky sketched
in brief the gradual development of the
citizen from the earliest time. .Nothing
in history, he said, seems, to have been
so slow as the civilization of mankind.
The arena of the Colosseum was perhaps
the worst spectacle of human depravity
that the world has ever seen, and Just
when the zenith of all that was brutal
and demoralizing was reached the world—
the Roman world— was startled by the
birth of Christ. This event was the one
event that had more to do with the civil
ization of the world than any other In
cident recorded in history. The true
catholicity shown by the disciples, the
utter disregard of nationality that dis
tinguished the early Christian, did more
for the cause .of true citizenship than all
that had preceded it.
"We have improved," said the speaker,
"but it has been a slow, process. Grad
ually the spirit of that great and lowly
Nazarene has leavened the mass of hu
manity, and is still bringing the world to
a sense of true Christian citlzen&hip."
The lecture bureau committee consists
of: Theodore J. Savage, A. F. St. Sure,
Rev. Philip O'Ryan, George A. Stanley.
William F. Aggeler. S. R. O'Keefe. John
Ril*»y. Samuel Raskins,. R. H. Hammond,
F. J. Driscoll and John J. O'Toole.
The San Francisco councils of- the
Young Men's Institute, under the aus
pices of the board of managers, will cele
brate Dewey day, -May- 1.. by an. excur-
Eion to 1.i09 Gatos. Special arrangements
have been made to run trains from Third
and Townsend streets, and it is the in
tention of the managers to make the pic
nic a select family affair.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE WORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
EXAMINATIONS.
These examinations arc open to all students of one or more of the
courses. Candidates will be given three weeks in which to prepare their an
swers. Certificates will be granted in each course to students whose examin
ation papers meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all pa
pers to The Home Study Circle, The Call, San Francisco. Mark all papers
"Examination."
Directions: Write with ink on white paper and on only one side of each sheet.
The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the top
of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates^ writing upon more t'oan ono
course should mail their examinations in" separate packages. Mail the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding a.s possible. See that postage is fully
prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged in three groups accord-
Ing to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent. (2) good. (3) fair.
These Beautiful Days
The ladles are busy . nhopplng, and they find
Zlnkand's the best place for. a noon lunch. : •
Victim of Carbon Monoxide.
Carl O. Tilberg, a "quack*' doctor, died
at the Receiving '¦ Hospital yesterday
morning. Friday afternoon he was found
unconscious in his room, at 765V4 Howard
street, with the gas turned* on. whether
accidentally or intentionally is not known.
The body was removed to the Morgue. •
AFFAIRS AT YOSEMITE.
Commissioners Meet to Audit Bills
and Hear Petitions.
The Yosemite Valley Commissioners held
a meeting yesterday, at the offices of ;W.
W. Foote in -the Claus Spreckels -building,
but owinjy to the illness. of Mr." Foote and
A." J. Lehrman. the secretary of the
board, nearly all the .business of aas-
Adjudged Insane.
Annie Fisher. 11 Sherwood, place, who
was found drunk In the same room with
her dead mother last Thursday, was ad-
Judged Insane by the insanity Commis
sioners yesterday and was sent to the
Agnews Asylum.
E. G. Brooks, the cocaine fiend, who
was at. one time a clerk In the Bank
of England, was sent to the Ukiah Asy
lum. ¦McHSSBMHPWBHBIIfIfii
Loans to salaried men.* No collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Apency. 143 Phelan bid. •
Af!*'y I j jJZS B m ¦Bl BB %¦>
I'oaitivcly cared by tXioao
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
<ect irrauly lor Dizziness, Kausea, Drcwsi-
aess. Bad Taste In the Moutli, Coated Tongue
?aa fa the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
RrjjiJate the Cowd*. Purely Vegetable.
Small Fill, Small Dose.
Sma!l Pptca.
AMUSEMENTS.
¦
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN 631.
PACKED
To the Doors Nightly !
SECOND WEEK
Of th* Greatest Extravaganza Production E\-er
Witnessed In This City.
"A TALE OF A WOXDERTCL LAMP."
ISIJIEXSE SUCCESS OF
OUH SDCOXD EDITION.
.
Secure Beats !a the Daytime.
POPULAR PRICES. POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved S^at In Orchestra Saturday
Mat.nee, Z3 crr.ts.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE-EMPORIUM.
A CONVINCING TPIfIMDH?
And LNDURI>G * •vlUlTlfll .
— THE FAMOUS —
BOSTONIANS
In the New G*rn by Victor Herbert, THE
VICEROY.
TIIK r-OMIC OPERA
¦ PAR EXCELLENCE '
OF THE DAT.
Feb IS— T..ast \Voek of THE BOSTONIANS.
YOU MUSTN'T FORGET THIS IS FARE-
WELL WEEK OF THE FRAWLET CO.
GREAT SUCCESS OF
AN UNCONYENTIONALHONEYMOON
= ; REMEMBER! i==
Special Matinee Friday Afternoon of "MAD-
AME SANS GENE."
Matinee Price*, Kc. 50e; E venire, 2-C W>e. TDc.
Seats Now on Sale for "WHO IS WHO?'"—
th<? Funniett Farce Comedy Ever Presented In
S-'ar. Francisco. Next Sunday Afternoon.
• :
EVERY ACT OF THE NEW BILL
A WINNER!
CUFHMAN HOLCOMBE and CURTIS In the
Musical Comedy. "THE NEW TEACHER."
MONROE & MACK: ROMALO BROTHERS: '
7'EETS and DON; FRANK COFFIN; BLACK '
I'.ARTONS; MR. and MHS. PERKINS- ,
FISHER: IRENE FRANKLIN: BIOGRAPH.
LAST WEEK OF
PAPINTA.
R*MTved Seats. Ise: Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seat*. 50c.
Matinees Wedne«<lay, Saturday and Sunday.
(THE PEOPLES POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
rnone. south 7ro.
LADIEV MA UN EE TO-D\Y.
FREe ADVISSION.
EVERY EVENING AT 8:13.
MATINEE DAILY AT 2:13.
"AS IN REALITY";
THE
JEFFRIES'SHARKEY!
CONTE-T PICTURES.
Contest will begin promptly a* announced.
©mine to the fi^ht going- the limit— twenty-nve
rounds.
Matin*-* 2'> c and 50c; Children. 15c. Even- I
tn*Tf (reserved). 15c. 25c. Ssc. 50c and 75c. ;
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO-NIGHT KSghi
Tr.e Jelly farce from the Madlnori Square The- i
*ter. New York, entitled.
Oh! Susannah
R «? ATsf D 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE FATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
N , x t \Ye«-k-"THE PRODIGAL FATHER."
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FOURTH MEETING. Feh. 12 to U. Incluetvc
£ix hlrh-clasfi running races every week
<!ey. ra.n or thin*, beginning at l:3o p. m.
Ti»e Ideal winter racetrack of America. Ta-
l-or.s «a<"p directly Srom the railroad cars Into
i, »up»rb grand utand. glass-encloeed. where,
comfortably housed la bad weather, they can
erMay an unobstructed flew of the race*.
Trains leave Third and Town-end streets at
S:00 10:43 and 11:*) a. m.. and 12:13. 12:35, 12:W
end' 1:2- P. tu.. returnlr.B immediately after
lact r»ce at 4:* i p. m. Seats In rear cars re-
ffned for women and their eeoorts. No emok-
irjr Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
Fan .'o«* and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 12.4& p. m. Leave Ban Bruno at 4:00
•r.d 4:45 p. m.
HATES — San Franclwo to Tanforan and re-
turn including; ttdmisrton to track. fI.C
T W. J. MARTIN. President.
*". 11. GREEN. Secretary *n<* Manager.
CLOAKMAKERS' TROUBLES.
Cases Continued as a Compromise
May Be Effected.
. The .charges and counter-charges of
battery, made by the union and.non-uniOn
cloakmakers arising out of the lockout
In Davidson & Miller's establishment will
probably be withdrawn. When the cases
on Judge Cabaniss' calendar were called
yesterday morning Attorney Bert Schles
inger asked for a continuance till to
morrow. He said that hostilities had been
suspended till this afternoon, .when a
meeting between representatives .of the
manufacturer* and a committee from the
union cloakmakers would b« held with
th« object of arriving, if possible, at a
satisfactory solution of the difficulty. The
request was granted. The same proced
ure .was followed in regard to the cases
in Judge Fritz's court.
ILLUSTRIOUS NOBLES
OF THE MYSTIC SHRINE
TWO NOTABLE EVENTS IN MEM
ORY OF ORIENTAL PEOPLE.
I ;
Grand Procession Next Wednesday
and a Theater Party and a Ban
quet to Ladies Next Week.
The Illustrious Nobles of Islam Temple,
Ancient Arabic Order of the Mystic
Shrine, have arranged for two events, one
next Wednesday and one for the follow
ing Wednesday. The first will be a cele
bration In memory of Hafiz Mohammad
Shems ed Deen, the finest lyric poet in
the Orient. It will also be the feast of
Eedool Azra. held in great veneration by
all good Moslems, and it will be in Golden
Gate Hall, when there will be the pro
cessions of the Kisweh and of the Mah.
mccl, on which occasion there will
be. for the benefit of all nobles assem
bled, a realistic representation, a glorious
apotheosis and the mirage of the Inverted
fountain of Zem Zem. It will also be for
the benefit of a number of novates who
have decided to take a pilgrimage to the
land of Oriental splendor. This event will
be followed by a grand banquet, at which
It is expected there will be about 400 pres
ent.
The event on tho night of the 21st and
morning of the 22d will be a theater party
and banquet in' honor of ladies who have
been Invited to partake of the hospitality
of the Shriners. 3 It will be In memory
of Al Azra Ayeesha. the daughter of
Aboo Bakar and third or favorite wife of
Mohammad. The Temple has secured for
Its exclusive use for that night the Al
cazar Theater, and then it has secured
the exclusive use of a rotisserle, where
the banquet tables will be laid. At the
theater no gentleman who is not a Noble
will be admitted, and each Noble will ap
pear in a dress suit, fez and jewel. At
the banquet at midnight the anniversary
of the birth of George Washington will
be fittingly observed, when the sentiment
will be •'The father of our country" and
"The ladles. God bless them." At 4 o'clock
in the morning the festivities will end
with the singing of "Auld Lang Syne."
The following is the official divan of
those who will have charge of these
events:
lllußtrlouo Potentate Reuben P. Hurlbut.
sha>k; Chief liabban Alfred "VV Baldwin,
emier; Assistant Rabban W. H. F. Titus sahib;
High Priest and Prophet George V . Wlttman.
imaln; Oriental Guide A. W. McKenzte. ayn;
Treasurer Thomas Morton, chayzin; Recorder
Hiram T. Grave*, katib; First Cer. Master
Henry Aecroft. wakil; Second Cer. Master J.
G L,lefcold. Alan; Director Charles L. Field,
malah- Marshal Henry J. Burns, amal; Cap
tain of Guard Thomas L. Hill, rays; Assistant
Guard William H. Smith, rays; Outer Guard
Robert H. Mowbray. haflx.
Chanters Al Koran-Samuel D. Mayer Krena;
Walter C. Campbell, munshtd; Alfred S. Batkln.
maghannl; Clarence. T. Wende . nawbattl: . C.
S Benedict, conductor; F. J... Hilmer. S. A. Mc-
Donnell, E. D. Hlndes and George H. Dyer,
alcheml«ts; J. C. Campbell, yabbur; Charles L.
Field director: J. G. Spauldlng, engineer; John
M. Curtis, architect; J. F. Logan, gader- Rob
ert Aeh. khayyat: Anton Kricg. dyafat; Frank
B Ladd. William McKay, John-Le« Jr.. Dew,
R' Oliver B. B. Dunoan and John Tonnln*t>en,
executioner*: H. B. Ream It. B. Moore-. G. R.
ArnißtronK «nd Thomas Morton, purveyors.
Arab patrol— William Edwards fcaptaln), H.
V.' Westphal. George W. Bennett. K. R Cutter,
R " U Hathorn. C. \V. Conllsk, John Phalr,
James McCrosson. George E. Howe. R. B. Ha>,
J 8 Ewing. C V. Manner. Charles Bliss. H S.
Manning. Walter N. Brunt. C. M. Bredhort, A.
S J. d» Guerre, O. J. Huested, W. S. Gage. F.
W Webster. H. M. Furrmm. Chaxles Bone. John
A Marsh. F. J. Hendy, E.K. Taylor. J. R. Ait
ker. T. F. Frazer. O. J. Humphrey. Howard
Hlack T. V. Harris. C. H. F. Neuhaus. A. G.
Scheti-l. E. Woenne. C. W. Decker. V. D. Du
boo* Frank W, Marston. Paul Boettcher.
ALLEGED MURDERERS TO
PLEAD SELF-DEFENSE
PRELIMINARY HEARINGS OF
DILLON AND NARJOT.
Further Corroboration of the State-
ment That Charles Joyce Fired
. First at the Ex-Policeman.
The preliminary examination of ex-Po
llceman Thomas H. Dillon, charged with
the murder of Charles Joyce, grocer, at
Seventeenth and Castro streets on Janu
ary 15, was continued before Judge Con.an
yesterday. The plea of self T defense was
further strengthened by the evidence r jf
James Downing, a witness for the prose
cution, who corroborated the testimony of
Witness Reedy to the effect that Joyce
fired two shots at Dillon before the latter
returned his fire. Michael Begley testified
that three days before the shooting Jojve
borrowed a revolver from him, as he said
he expected trouble and wanted to be pre
pared. Sergeant Lionel Shaw and De
tectives Fitzgerald and Graham testified
to making Dillon's arrest, and a continu
ance was granted till this afternoon.
The preliminary examination of Ernest
Narjot,. charged with the murder of J.
O'Neill Gleason, bartender In Stanley's
Grotto, Turk and Mason streets, was con
tinued before Judge Fritz yesterday after
noon. William Daly, the man who was
with Minnie Hamilton prior to the shoot
ing, testified that after the woman ran
out of the box Narjot came up to him and
knocked him down. He Jumped to his feet
and there was a mix-up. Gleason came
and separated them and witness stepped
into a room. Just then he heard a shot,
and on looking out saw Gleason lying on
the floor. V. S. Meade, the colored waiter
in the. grotto, repeated the testimony he
gave at the Coroner's inquest, which prac
tically corroborated the testimony of
Daly. He caw Narjot fire the fatal «hot
as he rushed toward the stairway. The
case will be continued this afternoon.
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS.
Complaint Regarding Vegetables
Growing on Public Streets.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
awarded the contract for removing gar
bage from the public schools to Antonio
Calice for the sum of $S2 50 per month, in
cluding incineration. The award was
made on the recommendation of the
Hoard of Education, which also fixed
Calice's bond at $1000.
The Bureau of Streets was instructed to
investigate the communication of the
Sunnyslde Improvement Club regarding
the streets taken possession of by private
parties and plowed up and planted with
vegetables. The club petitions that the
vegetables now growing on blocks on
Joost avenue. Hamburg street. Mangels
avenue, Hearst avenue, Spreckels avenue,
Wielard avenue, Milton avenue and Gen
essce street be removed and the illegal
holders dispossessed.
The Civil Service Commission reported
that "work cards" had been Issued to
fifty more laborers, who would await in
structions from the board.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BUNGLING PIECE OF FORGERY.
Dr. John H. Decker Is Charged With
Passing a Worthless Check.
Dr. John H. Decker, a dentist, who has
an office at Sixth and Howard streets, is
locked up In the City Prison charged with
passing a fictitious check.
Decker owed a saloon-keeper named W.
A. Sullivan $40 and gave him a check for
the amount, which he claimed he had re
ceived from the manager of The Call. The
check was signed "S. W. Leake," whereas
the name of the manager of The Call is
W. S. Leake.
Sullivan presented the check for pay
ment at the Columbian Bank, in the
Spreckels building, a few days ago, and
was promptly informed that the paper
was worthless. The matter was at onoe
reported to the police by the bank official:*,
and Detectives Tom Gibson and Harry
Reynolds were detailed to make an investi
gation. They located Decker yesterday
afternoon on Howard street and took him
into custody. After being put through
the sweating process he admitted his guilt.
Decker Is the individual who a short
time ago betrayed an escaped criminal to
the police for a monetary consideration.
He was taken Into the confidence of sev
eral friends of the fugitive, and after be
ing told his hiding place went to pollre
headquarters and offered to betray him
for $50. This offer was accepted, and aft«r
receiving the money Decker took the de
tectives to the house where the escape
was In hiding and assisted them in cap
turing him. It is said that Decker has
been in the habit of uttering forged
checks, but always managed to escape ar
rest until the present time.
importance went over to the next regular
meeting. In the absence of Mr. Foote
W. G. Henshaw took the chair and W. H.
Metson performed the duties of Secretary
Lehrman. The petition of David A. Curry
of Redwood City for permission to use
the camp grounds near Glacier Point was
referred to the buildings CQmmittee, which
will report favorably.. The petition of J.
B. Garabaldi for a permit to conduct a
general merchandising store. upon the res
ervation was also referred to committee.
It was the sense of the board that it
should be granted. After auditing a num
ber of small bills an adjournment was
taken, - . '-
BRITISH VESSEL
HERE TO LOUD A
CARGO OF MULES
The Animals May Go
to South Africa.
NEW GOVERNOR FOR TUTUILA
WILL LEAVE HERE ON THE
PHILADELPHIA.
The British steamer Victorious, which
arrived from British Columbia early yes
terday morning, is somewhat of a mys
tery. She was partly loaded with lum
ber at Chemainus, B. C. and comes here
ostensibly to take on board a deckload'of
mules and horses for Fiji. Now Fiji can
get her mules and horses at a much
cheaper rate from New Zealand and Aus
tralia, and the story of the Victorious'
trip to Suva or JLevuka 13 taken with
grain of salt. In fact, Borne of the crew
of the big tramp say that their destination
Is Delagoa Bay and not' Fiji.
Still the Victorious may take on her
cargo of over 500 mules and go to FIJI.
That group of Islands Is about a fourteen
days' run from here and about a third of
the Journey to South Africa. At Suva or
Levuka the cattle could be landed and
given a rest, after which they could be
shipped again and tho Journey to South
Africa resumed.
The British Government Is buying large
numbers of mules and horses In tho
United States, and as the animals sent
from California to the Philippines have
proved a great success It looks feasible
that a shipment of the same animals
would prove very valuable to the British
In the war nojiv raging In South Africa.
The Victorious Is a modern tramp and
will prove to be a very comfortable horse
boat. She was built in IS9B at Newcastle
on-Tyne and is of 3434 tons gross burden.
She is 330 feet long. 46 feet broad and IS
feet deep. A berth has been provided for
her at Fremont-street wharf and as soon
as she docks there to-day the work of
getting htr ready for her long voyage
will begin. The mules have already been
purchased in Stanislaus County and will
be ready for shipment as soon as the
ship is ready to receive them.
The cruiser Philadelphia went to Mare
Island yesterday for an overhauling. As
soon as she is ready for sea again she
will sail for Samoa with Commander S.
Schroder, the new Governor of Tutila.
on board. On his arrival he will relieve
Captain B. F. Tilley, who is now acting
Governor of the latest addition to the
possessions of the United States. Tutuila
Is the island on which ia the new harbor
of Pago Pago. The United States is now
building n coaling station there and the
chances are that .Governor Schroder will
take up his residence there. Apia, on the
Island of Upolu, at which the mail steam
ers stop, is now a German possession.
The transport Sherman will probably
pail thin week for Manila. She was sch«-<l
uled to depart next Thursday with a load
of army supplies and 400 casuals, but the
cargo cannot be got aboard In time, so It
will probably be Saturday before sho gets
away.
The transport Pathan had a narrow es
cape from' turning turtle the day before
she reached San Francisco. She was very
light, and when a squall struck her she
went over until the lee rail was under
water. Captain and crew thought she
was gone, but the tight old steamer right
ed herself and all hands escaped with a
scare. The Pathan Is owned by the same
people who own the Energia, which was
in trouble on the Japan coast. When the
Pathan reached Nagasaki the captain
heard of the Erergia's peril, and wltnout
stopping to coal went to her assistance.
When he found that the Energia was all
right the captain of the Pathan cam* on
to San Francisco Instead of going back
for coal. In consequence the steamer was
very light when the northwester caught
her oft Point Reyes.
Major J. M. Carson, quartermaster of
the transport Thomas, left for the East
last night, and his place has been filled
by Captain Charles G. Sawtelle Jr. Major
Carson goes to Washington, where he will
become chief of the bureau of construction
of the quartermaster's department.
Captain Lew Williams, the famous old
whaleman and Arctic explorer, has oprned
a dancing academy at 44 East street. Can
tain Williams la a past master at teach
ing the '.'Arctic glide" waltz and the "Es
kimo" cotillon.
The British ship Peleus. now discharg
ing at Beale street, is turning out her car
go in a condition that reflects the greatest
credit on Captain Shapland. There wn«
•nearly a- thousand tons of glass among
the vessel's cargo, and the breakage hi a
been so small that the people to whom
the stuff Is - consigned have again and
again expressed their surprise and : pW?.
ure to Captain Shapland. The Peleus is
chartered to load wheat for Europe.
British Steamer Victorious, That May Load Mules for South Africa.
business customs, whereby all commer
cial interests may be advanced; the pro
vision of a fund for the protection of mem
bers against injustice and fraud, and
such other objects as the members may
determine upon.
There is In existence a Merchants' Cred
it Association In this city which has done
for the local merchants excellent work.
Its field Is distinct and does not trench
.particularly upon the field that the na
tional association has picked out for ex
ploitation. The national association
makes the claim that Us work has les
sened the number of failures In the coun
try and has limited the number of frauds
against creditors very largely. Something
like a score of States are represented In
the membership and In the executive com
mittee. The names of Pacific Coast men
have appeared in the list of officers sev
eral times, but the cities of the Pacific
Coast have never established a branch of
the national association. A meeting will
be held soon in the rooms of the Board
of Trade to discuss the proposition from
all points of view, after which Mr. Pres
ton will go to Los Angeles and Sacra
mento.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1900.
CREDITORS MOVE
FOR COMBINE OF
NATIONAL SCOPE
Organizer Coming to
This City.
SEEKING A BANKRUPTCY LAW
ALSO AFTER THE COMMERCIAL
AGENCIES.
An attempt is about to be made to get
the merchants of this city and also of
Los Angeles and Sacramento to line
themselves up in favor of a uniform na
tional bankruptcy law; in favor of con
certed action of the business men of the
coast with the merchants of the East to
prevent the abuse of the credit system
of purchasing goods; also to try and have
the mercantile agencies furnish facts that
they do not give. This work will be taken
up by the National Association of Credit
Men and a representative of that body
is on the way to this city, which will be
the initial point for work in Californa.
Letters have been received by merchants
announcing that W. H. Preston, a promi
nent member of the National Credit Asso
ciation, will be here this week to enlist
co-operation with the national concern.
Mr. Preston has been doing some work
In Portland. Or. Much Interest Is manifest
ed in his coming. It is not clear that he
will find all of his work of the easiest,
for there are many questions to be asked.
The objects of the National Association
of Credit Men are: The organization of
individual credit men and associations
into one central body for the purpose of
rendering- uniform and establishing more
firmly the basis upon which credits in
every branch of commercial enterprise
may be founded, which shall Include a
demand for reform of the laws unfavor
able to honest creditors and the enact
ment cf laws beneficial to commerce
throughout the several States; the Im
provement of existing methods for the
distribution of information; the gathering
and dissemination of data in relation to
the subject of credit; the amendment of
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dp. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
¦¦ -..¦ -
Anyone Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss of
Time From Work.
To the thousands upon thousands of ruptured
people who are torturing themselves with
tni£te» and In momentary danger of death from
ctracgulatlon Dr. W. S. Rice. 41S L. Main
street. Adams, N.
V., will Eend free
to all a trial of
Ar r \. \v. Ms famous method
'/ I v*i \v that has saved so
/ I 5* Vy many lives and
If JL*-. \\ wade so many i
/ CP'^Sp^ ••*«!' V mtn. women and
; v » xS^^^^l }l children well and
H fcl , Ss2v-" / strong and perma-
\V .. JiEf^* v.<.-V 2* ;^-/ nently cured of old
\ '^^^fei- ' «£ // unJ difficult rup-
W*Bfe«Ss}»A "H*V lures. I>o not be
F^S&Afiti&i S3r backward about
Ws M^V anting for the
«^J'«yiSv v '#f « free trial. .It will
riiLfiaJii it* Kl> & <J) coet you nothing
\-£r%4Skjl'' ' K. ¥ Bnd wm enabl *
VJr^ftS/^ * *' ou t 0 Be * how
•tV?-'* r&tl'.y you can cure
yourself In a very
M. K. LYMAN. »hort time without
losing an hour from work. Dr. Rice Is deter-
mined that every suffering man or woman shall
know the wonderful truth that rupture can be
cured and he therefore generously tends, pre-
paid by mall, his method, absolutely free, and
>cv ran make a free trial of it. Write to-day
without fall, as you cannot afford to miss this
free and generous offer.
Mr. M. K. Lyroan, a highly esteemed citizen
of Delray, Fla.. cays: "The Dr. Rice method is
a remarkable cure. I had an old rupture that
defied everything, but In three weeks there was
no protrusion and I have remained sound and
well ever since. I heartily recommend Dr. Rice
to every sufferer." Do not fall to write at once
for the free trial and thus cure yourself at home
J wltliou* pain, danger or detention from the
day's work. Write at once. Commence now
and before the heavy work ct spring begins you
will be cured round as a dollar.
Write tc Dr. W. 6. Rice. 418 L. Main St.,
Adams. N. Y. You will never regret having
dor.t so.
If yon haven't a regular, healthy movement of tho
bowel* every day, you're kick, or will be. Keep yonr
bowels o;>cn. and be well. Force, In the shape of
violent pbjslc or pill )K>lson. is riariKcrons. The
smoothest, easiest, most perfect way of keeping tno
bowels clear aud dean is to take
/jr/p2|> |k CANDY
£f v\ ~]& CATHARTIC
>^gSV. THAOB MARK ReOISTZfftD ,rfS^
Pleasant. Palntahle. Poteht.Taßt.cGood. Do Good,
hcver Sicken. Weaken, or <;rlpc. 10c. tic. We Wrlto
for free r ample and booklet on health. Address
6Ur!i* e Dnxli < .mpip.r, < I,lr3?». Jlnnlrr al, s»w T»rl. 5C*
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN
? Why "i
4gg Wear |
' )&. Shabby |
\ fwv^X\ Clothes I
\: ."<s' w:*\\ When you can g
I Iv.-BA get an all-wcol R
: I- N : >'^vf-j suit mad; to t$
* *' f 'jL' ' -i'l orc * er an^ p Uar- m
I J^ofelf antefd tofkfor fig
I * ?ffh week? i
1 /fe. jI ¦ ¦ Chicago pi
% /i/ Xft Tailoring H
r i "iSI6 M " k#t I
J? 1019 Btr«t. B
Open Evenings. |jj
AIIUSEK.ENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"Hoot £on, Nothing's Saf; Ground Him "
FIFTH WEEK
Of the Encrmous Triumph, the Comic Opera,
THE IDOL'S EYE.
Every Evening at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
md Ensiness Is Larg ; r Th:n Lyer.
rOPULAR PRICES - - 25 and 50 cents.
Tcler-hone-rßnali >.
MAY MEET IN FRESNO.
Railroad Commission ¦ Heeds the Cry
of San Joaquin Valley Shippers.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
State .Railroad Commission held yester
day afternoon Commissioner Blackstock.
brought up the matter of the rumors that
have been floating around lately and
•which say that the Southern Pacific and
Santa Fe people are contemplating a raise
of freight rates In the San Joaquin Val
ley
The rumor has It that this raise will be
come effective as aoon as the Valley road
is completed into San Francisco, which
will be some time shortly after the first
of next April. •
In order to institute such a change in
the existing rates the two railroad com
panies will have to get the sanction of the
commission. Mr. Blackstock said he had
been spoken to on this matter by a num
ber of the Fresno merchants and ship-
Eers, who protested against such a move
y the railroads, and .asked him to see
that their side of the case was allowed
presentation before the commission before
the carriers were given permission to put
the increased schedule intft effect.
In order to give the San Joaquin mer
chants and shippers, a chance jo present
their side of the case, if these rumara
Stop Drugging
O1O 1 1
If you have drugged till you arc
sick of drugging and its failure to
bring benefit, stop it. Try Elec-
tricity, which is a natural cure. My
system of electrical treatment is the
outgrowth of twenty years of study.
It is a success. The
dr. Mclaughlin method
is recognized by physicians as the
most common-sense method of ap-
plying Electricity. You wear my
belt while you sleep. You feel its
curing, but it does not disturb your
rest.
Call and test it free, or send for
booklet describing the method.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. 9. F.:
Burdlek block, corner Spring and Second
sts.. Los Angeles. .
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS,
SAVE COLD— Krogh His. Co.. 9 Strrenaon
rt. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal l"ump*.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator & Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. 69 Stevenson st.
BEACH GOLD CO>CE sTRaTCR.
SAVES All tne Gold by jravitatlon. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 tipear.
GASOLINE ENGINE^.
HERCULES GA3 ENGINE WORK 3 la filling
large numbers of orders for Nome. IU-1U
First St.. S. F. _^__^___
o:ls.
LUBRICATTNO OIL Crud« Oil and Oaaoltae.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK. 83 Spear St.. 8. r.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Lift GoU-Bearlng Sands perfectly. la oper»-
tloa at «25 SUth »t. BYRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Simon Ja. 33, Market st.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKEK A HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
j lowest prices on the coast. Plna * Dawia sta.
H E.NSH AW. BUCKLEY & CO.. Pumpa.Stsainana
I Qa*9Un« Ecslaes, Boilers. 21 and 23 Frvaonu
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FISHMONGERS PUNISHED.
Betting on the Strength of a Law-
Breaker's Pull in Court.
The officials In the State Fish and
Game Commission o£3ce are rejoicing
over the success met with in the prose
cutions of two men arrested for violat
ing the State laws. A. Giustl was yes
terday convicted in Judge Cook's court
of having salmon In his possession during
the closed season. Some time ago Deputy
C. A. Vogelsang discovered a box of tho
forbidden fish in Giustl's place on Wash
ington street, which he seized. Half a
dozen fishmongers overpowered the offi
cer and took the box and contents out to
Harbor View, where It was dumped Into
the bay. They evidently figured that
without the evidence they would escape
the penalty of the law, which imposes
a minimum fine of $200. but the convic
tion of Giusti has shown them their er
ror.
The other ease wa» that of A. Fazzini.
who was arrested for violating the law
prohibiting the taking or having in pos
session of female crabs. Fazzlnl was con
victed and Police Judge Cabanlss fined
him 120. Fazzini's friends were so sure
of his acquittal that they were bettlns
JlO to $5 on his getting off scot free.
Note— Candidates are required to answer
;U1 ten Questions:
1. Write a brief sketch of the golden age
of Venetian painting, including Titian as
the central figure.
2. For what painting is Correggio spe
cially famous?
3. "One little bas-relief by Donatello has
a world-wide reputation, and common
plaster replicas of it may be found in
thousands of households where even the
sculptor's name is unknown." What is
the name of this bas-relief?
4. Write a brief sketch of the career of
Velasquez. If his is the greatest name in
Spanish art, whose name should come sec
ond? Enumerate some of Velasquez's
most famous paintings. What are the dis
tinguishing qualities of his art?
5. Give an account of the life of Albrecht
Durer. Compare Durer and Holbein.
Wnat encouragement was given in the fif
teenth and sixteenth centuries to painters
to chocse religious subjects for their mas
terpieces?
6. Name the painters of the following
famous pictures: (1) "Tne Angelus." (2>
"Reading Military Orders." (3) "Forge of
Vulcan," (4) "Madonna of the Rosary."
(5) "Children of King Cnarlea I." (S) "The
Night Watch." (7) "Anatomy Lecture," (S)
"The Blue Boy. * . . ..
7. Write a brief biography of Sir An
thony Van Dyck.
8. Write a sketch of the history of art In
England as represented by the great art
ists from Hogarth to Lawrence. Compare
the art of Sir Joshua Reynolds with that
of Thomas Gainsborough.
9. Name two or three famous landscape
painters (1) of England. i2> of France.
Name two or three famous animal palnt
10. Write a sketch of the career of Gil
bert Stuart.
WAS McCULLUM ROBBED?
John McCullum. an ex-packer in the
United States quartermaster's department
In Manila, who is a guest at the Brooklyn
Hotel, reported to the police yesterday
that between 11 o'clock Sunday night and
1 o'clock yesterday morning he had been
robbed in his room while asleep. He
claimed to have lost $20 In coin, a Moor
ish coin, dated 1255, valued at $100; a Span
ish dollar of 176S and a Bornese coin of
1304. besides two fob chains of Spanish
coins.
Detective Cody was detailed on the case
and he ascertained that McCullum had
Sunday night, while drunk, sold the Span
ish dollar to a man named Shea from
Boston, a guest at the hotel, for $2. which
raises a suspicion as to what became of
the other coins.
MISSION ARMY
HAS CEASED TO
HOLD MEETINGS
Commander Moore Is
After Coin.
PROTEST OF A G. A. R.VETERAN
OBJECTS TO DEBASEMENT OF
STABS AND STRIPES.
Since the expose of his peculiar methods
in this city and Sacramento, A. W.
Moore, the commander and also the rank
and file of the phantom "Union Mission
Army" has changed the base of his oper
ations "temporarily %o San Jose. Imper
sonating and running an "army" at
Eighth and Mission streets was a profit
able business until the truth was made
public, after which Moore found it difli
cult to gather in his customary income in
San Francisco, and consequently, unless
some other towns come to the rescue, the
so-called shelter will be forced to close.
The spiritual portion of the work was
closed temporarily last week while the
"commander" was in Santa Clara County
telling the merchants there how much he
was doing for the poor of San Francisco.
Two of his assistants, who were also his
dupes, have left him. thoroughly con
vinced that the -shelter" was not the
proper place for decent people. These two
are Mrs. and Miss Hill, wife and daugh
ter ot a clergyman, who is on his way to
the coast from the East. Mrs Hill was
a canvasser for the "army" and Miss Hill,
a tßipnted younK lady, was the organist
£t thl^misltoS^when Moore could induce
h^he°uisgraceful conditions prevailing at
the alleged shelter were partly improved
after the expose in The Call, but even now
it is not a tit place for the habitation of
respectable women. '
Complaint has come up from San Jose
that Moore begged down there for several
days last week and because of his smooth
story collected a snug sum from the mer
chants for his "mission army. There la
no army with which Moore is connected,
and the people who gave to the com
mander" at San Jose were duped out of
their gifts as surely as the merchants of
&d t ; r e7o^ C ?he a^e^ Cr orMo t o°re
"rhi mftnod7emP?oy% M-re to col
lect money have attracted the attention
of the Grand Army veterans and the fol
lowing letter has been received at The
Call office:
SAN FKANCISCO. Feb. 13. 1300.
«™M ££&&£ 7«
with him three women. The sole stock In
trade of these Individuals consists of the
brazen-faced effrontery of this man Moore a
bass drum and a Urge American flag. This
man has been frequently proved to be a faker
aM a fraud? Wearing 'a uniform on the shoul
ders of which appear the epaulettes worn by a
United States officer, beating the basa drum
led by one of the women carrying the flag, this
man makes a niffhtly trip through the principal
m relts of the city, stopping at such places a«
th-re appears a chance to collect a crowd, and
Qihortinß those who listen to contribute to a
•'misßion " of which he is the solitary repre
sentative! Of each dollar so contributed he
nuts out about 30 cents to keep on exhibition at
his resort a few chronic bums as examples of
those to whem be extends his so-called charity;
the residue goes into hU private bank account.
But "it is of the flag I would speak. It la
desDcable to prey- upon the gullible portion of
th» community, as this man seems to succeed
in'dolne* but when 'the flag of our country is
called in' to aid a scheme of this kind a protest
ts In order. There is a law which debars rep
utable merchants from using the flag for adver
tising purposes. Can this law not reach this
faktr*
As 'one who fought under the folds of his
country's flag durlne the entire civil war. who
venerates that flag as being emblematic of
eventhing that is grand In history. I protest
against the using of Old Glory to promote the
uractices of this man Moore. Tours truly,
A C BRAISLIN. Farragut Post. G. A. R.
Many of those who have piven money to
Moore declare they have done so thinking
that they were giving to the Salvation
Army and it Is stated that Moore has
not scrupled to use the name of any or
ganization that could be employed to draw
money from the pocket* of the charltably
incllned. Many of the tales told of the
doings at the home arc unprintable.
prove to be well founded, the commission
will probably meet In Fresno some time
In May. Mr. Black«toek yesterday stated
that it was his Intention to make a mo
tion to that effect at the meeting of the
board in this city next month.
Secretary Sisson's annual report for the
year ending December 31, 1599. was ac
cepted and he was Instructed tr>
prepare and forward a copy of it to the
Governor. He was also instructed to
make a list of the steamship companies
doirj? coastwise hustne.4.4 in this State a»
well as those doing- business on the navt
gable rivers of the Interior. The author
ity of the commission extends to tho
freight and passenger business of these
companies as well as to the railroads of
the State, and this list Is the first step
toward its active assumption of this sec
tion of its duties.
7NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
CommencinK October 1. 1339.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAJLXKT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
y^^"^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, .
/bt&b&ix '»-•"> KEABXT ST. Established
BsM C"^*.»» tn • I '3* 'or the treatment of Private
IgiXat SS* I'lseiiars, Ijost "-mhtMtd. Debility or
QjgSgStfflftft rll«eaae v;e»rli W 11 hfHij-ftnd mind ami
OSSfS-siaffil skln I M » e "»»-'«- • J<*doctorcurpswhrn
t3t»IWC?3" thplB ' a!l - TO' him. Churees low
irasXaaCihS l'arr>cnarnnlrnl. t'allorwrite
Dr. J. if. oICIJO.N. Box 1937.5aa ViaacUcu
WEEK DAYS-» 7:00. »?:M. U:0» a. m.: I:ii*
•1:40. 6:15. 6:CO. 8:30 D. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at »:00 and 11:20 o. m.
SUNDAYS— •*:<». n0:CO, 11:10 a. m.: *l:li
I.IS. •«:«. 1:30. 9:00 p. m.
Train* marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FltOM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:25. 't:3i, 7:45. •»:« a. m.:
•12:10. J:IS, 1:40. »5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* ana
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 i>. m.
4 ?^ E f ?A T ?^ 43 ••'**¦ 7:55 > »« *^fj
: 12:55. *:J5. JMS. C:») p. m.
i KXTRA TRIPS en Monday Wednesdays and
Eat urrtu k.« a« 7:00 and 1020 v. m
SUNDAYS- S:O5. 10C3 a. m.: 1!:C3. Z LS. j : ii
1:00. *:45 p. m.
• THROUOH TRAINS.
7:00 a. in. week days—Caxaderoand wayatatloaa,
Vi?^ nu S " turd ays-Tnmale9 and way ttatlonat
' MXO a. m. Sunday*— Tomales and way *tatloaa.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurn. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 3:15.. 5:30 p. m. (ex. Thur«. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. ' Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. ¦2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
Exchange and Bullion.
Et«rl!ng Exchange, sixty days.... — ft 85
sterling Exchange, eight — 4 R«4
Sterling Cable* — 4 g»4
New York Exchange, sight — 15
N"w York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69T»
Mexican Dollars 4S 454
Wheat and Other Grains.
NOTE— Yesterday being observed as a holi
day by the grain exchanges of New York.
Chicago end San Francisco there are no quo
tations to-day for cereals or Eastern stocks.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran has again been marked down CO cents
per ton. Hay is dull and weak.
BRAN— SI 3 50013 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7®2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15^17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2C©27; Jobbing
127 &OS2S; Cocoanut Cake. $20021; Corn Meal
tr3i&23 50; Cracked Corn. $23 50©24; Mixed Feed!
$15 60: Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. »6 500* CO for common to good
and »» for choice; Wheat and Oat, it SO@g so-
Oat. IC&S; Barley. ti&l- Alfalfa. J6Q7 60 per
ton.
STRAW— 2SC4OC per bale.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are steady and Onions arm at the
established adU-ance. Receipts of Peas were
excessive and the market was dull and weak
In consequence. Other vegetables were dull.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 90e©|l: River Keds.
*lg£sc; Burbar.ke, tOQJia per sack; Oregon
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 12.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, {295.345.151; gold re
•erve. J220.379.093.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Feb. 12.— Silver. 27 7-16 d. Wheat
cargoes efT coast, nothing doing; cargoes on
passage. Beilers asking an advance of 33d each
shipment.. English country markets, firm.
Wheat and Flour on passage to United King
dom. 1,590.000 quartern; Wheat and Flour on
passage tn Continent, MO.OOO quarters.
LIVERPOOL Fob. 12.— WHEAT— Firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 l-16d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Feb. 12.— Canadian Pacific. 100;
Tnion Pacific preferred. '%\\ Northern Pacific
preferred 76*»; Atehison. 214; Gran.l Trunk, SS 1 *:
Anaconda. S%. Bar Silver, dull. 27 7-16 d per
ounce.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 12— CATTLE— Slow. 19c
lower, excexrt for choice; Texans about steady,
receipts 1600; butchers" stock and canners.
10315 c lower; feeders eary: good to choice,
tl 1O5"*: poor to nr'dium. $»fJ4 80; mixed stock
ers, 13 254?3 75; selected feeders, $4 2034 80:
good to choice cows, $3 :0?H 35: heifers. $3 25®
4 «¦); canners. 12 SKfi 75; bulls. J2 70S* £0:
calves. $» .7ygB: fed Texas beevte. %i@T>.
HOGS— Average, shade lower; top. $5 05; good
.clearances.. Mixed and butchers, 14 75^5; good
to choice. $4 90"25 05; rough heavy, *4 75/g4 SS;
light, ii 71g4 95: bulk of sales, $4 57495.
SHEEP— Ph«*ep and lambs, stronr; active.
If>3r>c higher. Native wethers. »4 65^5 75;
lambs, t'-'ii' 23; Western wetherß, 14 fogs 50;
Western lambs. i&57 ii.
Receipts— Cattle, 20,500; hogs. 42,000; sheep,
1%. 000.
Exports of Wheat and Flour.
The General Neumayer takes for Cork 55.461
ell* wneat. valued at $J5,600; Norfolk Island,
45.570 ctls. at 545.000.
The Lady Joicey takes for China 14.1C0 bbls
Flour, and for Japan !190 bbls.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 13.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
-" ''. Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. VtJiaza
Healdshurs.
Lytton.
Geyvervtll*.
t:SO pm S:0O am Cloverdala. 7:J5 pm l:npn
7:30 am! j~Hop>and and] ~\
I 8:00 am| Uklah. f 7:35 pmf 4:23 pm
EASTERN MARKETS.
In Paauhau Plantation and a alight decline In
Gas and Electric.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup. .114 si
4s quar reg — m%
4s quar new... — 136
6s quar coup.. — —
Miscellaneous—
CaJ-st Cab 6a.. 117 119*;
C C Wat 55.. 1064107 '
Ed L i P 65.. 129 —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 115 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95
H C & S 545.. 105 110
H C & S 55....106' i —
L A Ry 5s 105 105U
L A LCo 55.. — —
Do gntd 63.. — —
Do gntd 55.. — 103
LA& P R 68.102 —
Market-st 65. ..127 —
Do Ist M 65.. — 1184
N C N G R 75. 105% —
N R of Cal C5.113V4 —
N R of Cal 65. 114 —
N P C R R 65. 102 —
NPC R R 68.106 —
N C R R os. ..109 — '
Oak GL&H 58.109 —
Oak Tran 6b...1H4 —
Oak W Co 55..1C4^i105H
Oceanic SS C 0.105 1054
Om C Ry 65.. — 1284
P & a Ry 65.. 1044 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 68.1194 —
Sac L G&R5s. S5 —
5 F & SJF 55.. 1164 —
6 Ry of Cal 6s. — 108
S P of A 65. ...H0'4 —
S P C 68(1905). 103 s ; — '
S P C 65(190C).112 113
S P C 65U912). — —
SP C Ist cg3s. — —
S P Dr 6s 125 —
S V Wat C5....1K.V —
S V Wat 45.... 103*4 —
SV W 4s(3dm)lC2 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 102 108
Water Stocks— .' "
Contra Costa.. 73 73U
Marln County. 50 —
Spring Valley. 944 94?,
Gas & Electric-
Cent Gas Co.. — —
Cent L & P... 4 5
Morning
Board—
100 Contra Costa Water, a 90 73 50
10 Co:ura Costa Water 73 50
70 Giant Powder Con 93 50
20 Hana Plantation Co 7 374
25 Honohaa S Co '. 28 624
155 Honokaa S Co 2S 50
60 Honokaa S -Co 23 374
DO Honokaa S Co. s 90 28 50
20 Market StreTt Railway 60 874
&5 Oceanic S S Co 94 00 .
yiiw> S V 6a ¦ 116 00
$2700 U S 3s coup 109 00
Street—
£0 S V Water 94 23
$9000 U S 4s coup new 135 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 73 50
30u Contra Costa Water 73 37U
20 Contra Costa Water 73 374
5 Contra Costa Water..- 73 25
CO Giant Powder Con 93 50
f.O Honokaa S Co, s SO ;s 50
220 Honokaa S. Co 2» 50
110 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 874
130 Makatvtll 44 00
IKflO Oakland Water 5s IPS 00
fO Onomea Susar Co 25 73
l«0 Paauhau S P Co 25 50
¥¦0 Paauhau t? P Co 25 75
t" Paauhau S P Co 23 t't^.
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 124
$1000 S V bs 115 75
23 S V Water 94 25
Street—
10 S V Water ". 94 25
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Anaconda 55
200 Anaconda :\ 60
Afternoon Session.
300 Anaconda 60
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
10 Blue G<wse 2550
100 Home Oil Co ". 3 75
MINING SHARKS.
Following were th* »iles in the Ran Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
'Morning Session.
ICO Gould & Curry. 13 900 Sierra Nevada .1 t6
COO Mexican 19 4CO Union Con ... 33
100 Potosl 2.V 3;o Utah 09
2CO Sierra Nevada . 57.
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 33 600 Sierra Nevada.. 51
100 Con Cal & Va.l 33 1 200 Sl.-rra Nevada. 50
300 Mexican 2« 3uO Union Con 30
300 Ophlr s»i 200 Union Con .... -9
2CO Overman 01 600 Utah .- w
400 Potosl 25!
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: :v. *
Morning Session,
200 Con Cal & V.I 374) 300 Sierra Nevada.. 56
2(0 Con Oil & Va,i 35 400 Sierra Nevnda.. (w
2(0 Mexican £)I) I *(*> sirrra Nevada . 5'
2CO Mexican 2S;1000 Union Con 33
EOO Potosl 2> 200 Union Con 32
1000 Sierra Nevada.. 6:» 200 Utah 03
CCO Sierra Nevada.. 5S I
Afternoon Session
100 Challenße Con.. 19 200 Potosl 24
?.C0 Cur. Cul & Va.l 35 3JO Sierra Nevada . 51
200 Gould & Curry. 18 200 Sierra Nevada -.'.O
ICO Mexican 26 100 Union Con 30
400 Ophlr 58
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Feb. 12—4 p. m.
? . Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 04 Kentur-k 01 02
Alta :.... 01 02 I^dy Wash 02 —
Ar ><les 05 07 Mexican 25 26
nelch *r 21 22 Occidental 12 15
Hest & Belcher. 83 34 Ophlr 57 59
Bullion 03 04 Overman 03 10
Caledonia 33 33 Potosl . 24 23
ChoJlar is 19 Savage ...'.'.'.'.'.'. 10 12
Challenge Con.. — 20 Scorpion ... 02 —
Confidence — 7. r . Peg Belcher .... 01 0'
Con Cal & Va..l 30 133 Sierra Nevada . 43 51
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sliver Hill 04 05
Con New York. — 04 St Louis _ • n?
Crown Point .. 10 12 Standnrd .... " —2 8S
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — (k
Gould & Curry. 17 18 Union Con 21 30
Hale & Norcrs. 30 31 Utah OS 10
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 17 18
Justice — 08!
MONDAY. Feb. 13-2 p. m.
Bld.Ask.
Eqult G L Co. Z% 3tf
Mutual El Co. — —
O G L & H... 45H iVA
Pac Gas Imp.. 6031 61
Pac Light Co. 43«* 45
S F G & E 50% 51»4
San Francisco. 4H 5
Stockton Gas.. 12 — ¦
Insurance —
Firem's Fund. 22o 228
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 67U "2^i
Bank of Ca1... 401^405
Cal S D & T.. <$ 100
First Natnl..;.2si) 305
Lon P & A.. ..133 136
Merchants' Ex — 16
Nev Nat 8k... — —
Savings Banks—
Ger S & L...1750 —
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 45 —
S F Say U.. 602H —
Say & L So. 74 78
Sco Hay Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads —
California 118 119
Geary-st 50 —
Market-st Ry.. 60T4 61%
OS L & H.... — 60
Presidio — 174
Powder Stocks-
California 160 170
E Dynamite... S5 —
Giant Con Co. 93>i 95%
ViKorit 2H 2Ti
Sugar Stocks —
Hana P Co 7»4 —
Haw C&SCo K5 SB«4
Honokaa S Co. £SVi 29
Hutch. S P Co. 25% 26
Kllauea S Co.. — 25
Makawell S Co 44 —
Onomea. S Co. 25»4 —
Paauhau S Co. 25T4 —
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn. 119 1204
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. — 94
Pac A F A.... 3 • — "•'
Pac C Boc C 0.144 —
Par Paint Co.. 9V4 —
Session.
Weather Report.
Co2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
£AN FRANCISCO. Feb. U. 6 v. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
«ate es compared with those of same date last
aeason. asd rainfalls In last 14 hours:
Last Thli La«t
Stations- 14 hours. Mam •e«f°n-
Tvreka ~ 0.00 54.8S 18.65
Kacramento 0.00 13.71 7.M
Fan t>ancisco 0.00 14.t. ....
Kr^fno 0.00 6.14 S.S6
3ndppender.ee 0.00 2.08 1.15
San Luis Obispo O.C"0 12.41 ..15
I^f Angeles 0.00 4.-. Z-96
Fan Dieso 0.00 2.64 J. 73
Tuma 0.00 0.7S 1.34
Sen Francisco data— Maximum, temperature,
€5; minimum, «7; mean. l&
WEATHER CONPITIONS AND QENERAX.
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Pacific elope and Rocky Mountain region ex
cept In California and Southern Arizona, where
it is clear. Light rain has fallen over the
•western j>ortiens cf Oregon and Washington
end lltht t-now In Eastern Oregon. Idaho and
Western Montana.
The pressure hut fallen along the north Fa
cine coast and rlsrn over the upper Missouri
VaJley and Rocky Mountain region.
The temperature has rl^en slightly over
Northern California and Southern Arizona and
fallen elsewhere over the Pacific elope and up
per Missouri VaJley. In Eastern Montana arid
North Dakota ternr>eratures below zero are re
ported.
Forecast made at Pan Franclrco for 30 hours
ending midnight February 13. 1S0O:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; light
northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; light
northerly wind.
Nevada— Cloufly Tuesfiay; eolfler.
T.'tah— Cloufly and threatening Tuesday, prob
ably with er.ow in the mountains.
Arizona — Cloudy in north portion, fair In
fmuth portion Tuesday; cooler.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
light northerly wind. O. H. WILLPON.
Local Forecast Official.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
~ iootiikkm i-/4«:it'ic <'«nrA.ii,
(PACIFIC HTCTEM.)
TnlH !•••»«• nml »r* «jut> la nrrlit m%
HAft ia:.».\4iN4 «».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
THE STOCK MARKET.
' Local securities were dull . In the morning,
but fairly active In -the afternoon. The only
changes worthy of note were a slight ' advance
ARRIVED.
1 Monday, February. 12.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen. 38 hours from
San Pedro. ¦ ¦ .
Ptmr Corona, Glelow. €I%' hours from San
lile^o, etc.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson. 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. 16 hours from Albion.
U B 'stmr Missouri, Dillon, 42 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 30 days, via Honolulu 1016
days.
" Schr Barbara . Hernster, Llndberg, 22- hours
from Fort Bragg. . ".'¦'¦•/,
• Schr: Ocean Spray. . Larsen, 38 hours from
Iversens Landlns. -.;•• ¦¦•¦ • •
TO SAIL.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RfIIUWAY
Lea\e San Francisco via Stusallto Ferry.
Week days 9:30 a. m. and l:4i p. m.
Sundays..... S:0O. 10:00 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trlans.
Fare— Sao Francisco to Summit and Return
tl 40. ¦ .
LOCAL MARKETS.
©QinflßAßllft The S. S. Alameda
hdwi'sffllL * ai] * v!a Honolulu and
•£*-"¦* Auckland for Sydney
M —^. Wednesday. Feb. 21.
CitS L* A »t Bp. m.
** iv for Honolulu
(pUPRth Sco dß .ri a p r ; m March 7'7 '
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.; $610 first class,
j. D. SfttbtKCLa oi b.voa. CO.. Agts.. (14 Mer.tgoroen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Cfcce.327 Market St
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estat" of Sarah A. English (by Lizzie M
Hawkins, executrix) to J. I*. Lloyd, lot on N
corner of Fremont and Bryant streets. NE 137*6
by NW 273; $50,000. ' 78
Catherine Foley to Charles Schlettsinger lot
on SE corner of Natoma street, 95 NE of 'Sec
ond. NE 20 by SE 80; $20C0.
Julius A. and Elizabeth 11. Remmel to George
W. Fisher, lot on W line of Tennessee street'
316:6 N of Twenty-second (Sierra), N 25 by \v*
100: ?10.
11. U. Jaudln to Josephine P. Jaudln lot on
SW corner of Fourth avenue . and Clemen*
street, W 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Ernestine Elfendal to Cornelius Egan, 'ot on
E line of Ninth avenue, 176 N of X street 25 by
120; $10. • '
Same to William V. Krnn. lot on E line of
Ninth avenue, 200 N of X street, N 25 by V
120; $10. "
John Gorsln to Frank Gllebe, lots 33 and 34
block 50, City Land Association; $10.
Louis and Catherine Levy to Carrie Claussen
lots 25 and 26, Holiday Map A; $10.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(rellßtous corporation) (by attorney) to Joseph
W. and Rosanna C.« Dnley, lot on SW corner of
Francis street, 600 NW of Mission, NW 26 by
SW 150, lot S3. Academy Tract; $425.
Christian and Margaret Massen ¦to Richard
W.. Annie H. and Augusta E. Schilling, lot on
NE corner of Twenty-third avenue, 75 NW of J
street. NW 75 by NE 100, block 435, South San
Francisco Homestead: $15.
John and Doris -Campe to Henry Campe lot
on S corner of Howard and Twelfth streets SW
100 by SE 87:6; $10.
Thomas W. and Rachel V. W. Fisher to Louis
Friedlander. lot S line of Fifteenth street 58 W
of Noe. W 62 by S 65: $10. '
Garrett Burke to Mary A. Burke lot on W line
of Harrison street, 200 8 of Twenty-fourth, S 25
Edward and Margarlte Perry to Thomas W
and Christopher C. Rivers, lot on S line of Dun
can street. 270 W of Sanchez. W 25 by S 114- $io
Courtland S. and Sophia C. Benedict to Georze
D. Toy. lot on N line of OTarrell street . 116-8
W of Powell, W 21 by N 68:9; $10. '
John Cardoza. Maria Ferrlera. Carolina E
McKown (Ferrlera) and Jose Baptlsta to Leon
KaufTman, lot on S line of O'Farrell street 127 •«
E of Mason. E 57:6 by S 97:6; $10. '
Leon and Linnie Kauffman to Minnie P Shot
weii. Fame; $10. 9nSaUßß?s«gi
H. and Henrietta Damkroeger to Minnie R
Slegele (wife of Henry) lot on N line of Russell
etreet. 60 W of Hyde. W 20 by N 80: 110
Maria A. Foley (Dolan) (wife of Dennis J )
to James S. Huey. lot: on NW line of Perry
street. 175 8W of Third. SW 25 by NW 80; no
Joseph Rtelner (by R. J. Graf, commissioner)
to J. J. Raver. lot on W line of Vermont street
ICO S of Sierra, S 33:4 by W 100: $370.
Mary E. Mathews (single) to Rocca Laraja.
lot on E line of Twenty-first avenue, 100 8 of
Point LoboB avenue, S 60 by E 120; $10.
Madeline H. and A. H. Llssak to Lulgl De
paoll. lot on W line of Charter Oak street. 225 S
TO ARRIVE.
7:10 am] 3:00 anal Sonoma 110:40 ami 8:40 am
(and I
t:10 pki| S:CO pml Glen Ellen, f «:06 pmf fr-C pm
7:JO am! S:ooarn| SebastopoL 110:43 amjlo:2S am
1:30 pml 6:00 pml I 7:33 pm! 8:23 pm>
Etaire* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wese
Springs and Wbit* Sulphur Springs; at bytton
for Lytton Springs: at Oeyserrtlls for SkagTa
Springs: at CloTerdals for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprtcjc*.
KelEeyvtlle. Cterlsbad Spring*, tioda Bay. Lake,
port and Bartlett Springs; at TJklah for Vichy
Bprlogs. Saratoga. Springs. Bin* Lakes. Lauret
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day"s. Riverside, Llerlcy's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn Heights. HullvUle, Orr"s
Hot Srrtnr*. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
WMtport. Usal. WUllta. LaytonyliK Cum-
ntngs's. Bell's Bpxlnga. Hams. Olaen'a, Dyer.
Bcotta and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r*»
duced ratea.
On Sunday round trip ticket* to all point*
beyond Ean Rafaal at half rates.
Ticket offices, (to Market St.. Chronic!* bldx.
B. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
O«oer»l Manaxer. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California I imited
Santa Fe Route
To CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most -
luxurious train across the continent.
Cojjnkctino Trak* Leaves Sa:» Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
saturday. arriving: in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leases San Francisco at 5-30
EXPRESS P" m ", with Pa 'ace and Toanst
DAI! V SL? for Kan * a » C"*. St. Louis,
UAILT Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VAI IPY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tnlare Dr»lrV
and Baker&field. KOAD
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•r risco soon jgjasa^BJtt:
vay: Sacramento. 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 5 11 5 104 h 10%
dosinc 6 10% 6 10<4 £ 10l»
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 12.— Clearings, J577,
215; balances. $60,345.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 12.— With all Ameri
can exchanges eloped dealers were Inclined to
• wait a reßUir^itlon of business before doing
much Quotation* for wheat, nominally, 12Q
Me for Walla Walla, £2#j3c for VaJley; Blue
stem easy at Mffaoc. ¦
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Waih., Feb. 12.— Wheat— Club, ex
pert. C3V*c; Blnestem. 55% c
AMERICAN LINE.
rTEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTOS. LO.HDOX. PA3I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York Feb. 14] New York March 7
St. Louis Feb. 21 St. Pnul March 14
Friesland Feb. 2S! Kensington ..March 21
RED STAR LINE.
New YorK °o<* Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington Feb. U Southwark ...March 7
Noordland Feb. 21 Weste»nland -March 14
Friesland Feb. II Kensington ..March 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Oawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON' MARU Friday. Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March Jl
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets, at reduced rates. For
frelpht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. 11. AVERT, funeral Ajrent.
Lea*9 1 I Arrlv*
Ean Francisco. I In Kffect I Pan Francisco.
1 1 October 14. j 1
Week I 6un- I ISM. | Brra- J Week
Days. ( days, f Destination, f days. | Pays.
7:33 am) 8:00 ami Norato. 110:40 ami 8:40 an
t:SO pm 1:10 am Petaluma, I f :C5 pm 10:13 ara
6:10 pm| v.CO pml Santa Rosa. | 7:33 pm| • tl pm
Current Advertisements.
"Btiv the Dewey double-soled shoe."
"Try Dewey liver pads. Ask for the
genuine. Take no other."
"Ask for Dewey bread — 10 cents a loaf.
One. loaf will feed a whole family."
"Tlie famous Dewey cravat is something
to tie to."
"The Dewey cannon for your boys'
Christmas toy. Warrants to kill on
sight."
"If you need something to brace you up
try the Dewey suspender."
"Old Dewey rye. Warranted to give
satisfaction as long as you are able to
stand." •
A for Morning. 1" for Afternoon.
* Dally. t Kuixlay exrrpted. I boaday only.
b Saturday on'.y.
AZaeadJiTa and Fiidaja « Thursdays and Bnarlayv
CALIFORNIA NDRTHWESTERN RY. CO.
I_i HISSES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPA?iY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
FRANCISCSO TO SAN RAFAEfa,
WEKK DAYS- 7:JC. 3:00. U:W a. m. ; U:S3.
l:tO, 6:10. I:U p. m. Thursday *-Kxtr a trt»
at 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— Ei tra trips at l:»J
and U:» 9. m.
EUNDATB — CM. l:ta. U a. m.: l:M. J:M.
• :00. c.20 p. m.
SAN RAFAKI. TO SAN FRANCISC3O.
WEEK DAYS— 4S:IO. 7:B0. »:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:43.
1:40. (:1C p. m. Baturdays— Extra trtsa at I:SS
and <:t3 p. m.
EUNDAVS— s:I9. 9:40. UUO a, m.: 1:40. 1:40. 3:us.
8:K p. m.
Betire«n San Francisco and Scauatzea Pars
OCRAN TRAVEL.
CQ.IST DIVISION (Rroail fraugfi).
(Third nnil Tovrnseii'l Sta)
COAST HI VISION ( Narrow tta« B e).
(Foot cf Market Street)
No Eastern quotations for grain and stocks.
Local Produce Exchange not in session.
Bran declined 50c. Hay unchanged.
Potatoes steady and Onions firm. Vegetables plentiful.
Butter and Cheese lower and dull. Eggs unchanged.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry iiu Game dull and iveak.
Oranges selling at higher prices. Other fruits as before.
Provisions kept from advancing by competition.
Hogs scarce and firm.
Fair business in the local stock market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND
S E Lutz. New York
R C Klmbrough. Sacto
Mrs R T Nlckerson.
Sonoma
C Siegfried. San Jose
E Dlnkelsplel, Sulsun
S W Stern. San Jose
C Van Vorst. L Ang
D H Mosley. Calgary
J H El'.ls, Calgary
J 'M Dnbney, Miss
C A McWllllama, Chgo
N G Kaufman. Juneau
H Wittenberg & f. Or
P Netelung. Eagle Pass
R C -Allen. Or
Mrs W W Worthing
Stockton
H A Bostlck. Cal
C E Wellock. Eureka
J C Harry. Sonora
D C Mitchell. Sonora
Mrs W T Blddle.S Jose
W W Emery. Cal
M 8 Davis A w. Cal
Miss A Eakle.S Helena
Mrs E Yates. Napa
Mrs M A Pealer. Sacto
Miss C E Chapman, Sac
Mrs A Rurzwold. L An
Mrs J Odson. Mont
P F Webster. Chgo
M Younker & w. lowa 1
H F James &w. Mo !
PALACE HOTEL.
G P Doan Jr. St Louis
A L Levinsky. Stocktn
A I' Mills. Montana i
G N Mills. Montana
M!fs Dunsmulr, B C
rt W Dunpmulr. B C
J W Power, Montana
Miss A X Power, Mont
n Smith. Denver
F T Sutherland, Denvr
Mrs Sutherland. Denvr<
H M Clay. Salt Lake
H W Hlakesley. Uradfd
J J Doyle. U S N
H M Le Baron, Cal
\V M Worcester. X T
D C Levy. Portland
X MorKensteln. Seattle
F{ A SohoenfeM, Seattle
E AY Dpdse. Macs
S S Blair. Delaware
A X lliiKPln? & s. Or
Mrs Hlntzelman, Wash
ington, D C
A P Nye, Pan Diego
N" J Nlsson, San Diego
W M Coke, Portland
A V Tltden. Jnr>an
Mrs TlU'en. Japan
Ml.«s I Tilden, Japan
Mips F Flrkcs. Palo A
Miss H Flckes. Palo A
E D Porter. Mo '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
W H Taylor. Sacto
S Dreuser, Manila
A G Hanson, San Jose
W Adams, Boston
C Miller. Stockton •
J C Clark, Fresno
W E Elliott. Rio Vista
J Whisner. Ft Scott
A Sanderson. Alameda
A Thompson, do
J Waglle. Vallejo
W B Carter. Menlo Pk
J P Murtha. Sacto
G H Mitchell, wf. Yrek
P Gosia, Tacoma
Miss M Varnl. S Diego
M Varnl. San Diego
M Ollvera. Hollister
D H Eastbrook, S Bar
J Anderson. Wisconsin
hotel. ;•;,.
E E Gates & w. Minn
R' H Hussey. Bakersfld
W Wrlcht. Surf
E J Cahlll. Cal
H B Clark/ Florin
B P Clark. Florin
LA Wltzer. San Jose
H G Turner. Modesto
J W Tuttle. Watsonvl
E Mauvals. San Jose
J O Ferguson, S Jose
T B Hall, Sacramento
H T Duff. Los Angeles
W C Webb. L Angeles
E Harris & w. S Jose
J W Glenn. Stockton
C Van Vorst. L Ang.
Dr H Green & w. L A
W F Lenzen. San Jose
V J Rich. Sari Jose
W C Tupper, San Jose
J T Boysen & w. Cal
Mrs J B Llvlngston.Or
Miss Sargent. Or
T A Llnscutt. Watsonyl
W Parker & w, L, Ang
F J Wetherall. 11l
J Churchill. Yreka
X T Muuro. Victoria
E A Erb. Victoria
H E Porter. Vancouver
A Brownell & w. lowa
Mrs L N Tryon. Cal
E S Cone, Chicago
H Bentz. N V
T J W Ockford, N T
Geo P Tankman, N V
F S Cowlns. Cincinnati
H W Commlns. Minn
C E Elmer. Pa
Mrs Elmer. Pa
H H Stout and w, USA
Mrs C E Buckingham,
Vacavllle
I* Ihilin. Oakdale
Dr O Patten, USA
J W Stevenson. Cal i
Mrs Stevftnson, Cal
T Flint Jr. San Juan
I Mr* M S Arndt, Cal
! Mrs N' Arndt, Stockton
I Mrs Stelnort, N V
Mrs A S Carnej*. Bostn
Nellie Hawley, Cal
J Jane, Cal
R E Cranston, Folsom
V P Marhlvert, Cleveld
G Deschamps. Paris.
L Herrault. Parln .
PGdP Easam. Chicago
F S Mahan. Chicago
W D Felts, Chlcaco
\V R Wood row. Los An
Albert Goodman. N X
A C Harmon, Chicago
C \V Foster, X V
of Thornton, S 25 by W 100, block B. Haley
Purchase, $io. ,
Leo Rosenfeld to Rosa Rosenfeld, lot on E
line of Nineteenth avenue. 225 N of M street,
N 25 by E 120; $10.
Sophie Fehrenbach to Albert Fehrenbach. un
divided half Interest In lot 17, block 24, Lake
view; gift.
John H. Kelly to Margaret Burke, lot on SE
%g R *£. ot SUvPr and Edlnburg streets. SW 149.
SE 100, NE 150, NW 95:7 W 5:4, lot 2. blocK 50,
Excelsior Homestead Association; also lot on
N line of - Seventeenth street. 334:8 W of Cas
tro W 24:8. N 198:11, SE 26, S 189:8%: $10.
Mary J. Dlngman to M. A. Clancy, lot 14.3.
Gift Map 3; $50.
Jean Marie Dupus to John W. Standley, lot
on E line of Chenery street. 364 S of Thirtieth,
S 50. E 115. N 10, E 154, . N 150. W 146. S to a
point, Wto beginning, lots 16. 17, 19 A - Ji '
block, 29. Falrmount Tract: also lot on E I Una
of Chenery street, 314 S of Thirtieth. 6 50, tE
lla. NW to a point W to beginning, lot li>,
block 29, same, 6V4; $5000. _ „
Mary Sweeney to Kate Glennan, lot on S line
Washington street. 156:11 Vi E of First avenue,
E 25:5& by S 127^; $10.
H. and Reuben P. Smith to Fannie
R. Stowe. lot on SW corner of Albion avenue
and Camp street, S2sby W 91:9; $10. "
Alexander Allen to Henry Feige. lot on w
line of Shotwell street 215 S of Nineteenth, S
30 by W 122:6: $10.
Jens P. Nissum to Christian W. Nissum, lot
on N line of Twenty-second street, 279:11 V» W ot
Church, W 25:5% by N 114; $10.
Alfred -Olson to Mary P. McKlnne. lot on S
line of Hill etreet, 179:9% W of Noe, W 0:2% by
S 114; fiO.
Maurice and Bridget Griffin to Agnes J. Grlf
nn. lot on W line of Potrero avenue. 8o fc of
Twenty-third street, S 25 by W 100, and lot on
SW corner of Humboldt and Kansas streets,
W 25 by 8 100; gift. , .. ' .
Mary A. Upton to Karollne Rebmann (wife of
Charles W.), lot on S line of Fella alley, 89:6 E
of Powell street, E 24 by S 64; $10.
Sylvain Schnalttacher to Fannie A. Harcourt
(wife of James M.), lot on S line of Pine street,.
137:6 W of Taylor. W 43 by S 137:6; $10.
Wlnneford Weir (Joyce) to John Weir, lot on
BE line of Clara street. 275 NE of Sixth. NE
W by RE 60; gift.
Madge and Alvin B. Grosh to Henry Eickhoff,
lot on NW corner of California street and
Mnth avenue. N 100 by W 45; $10.
Mary Sweeney to Kate Glennan, lot on \v
line of Forty-fourth avenue, 150 S of T street.
S 25 by W 120; $10.
P. J. Kennedy to Thomaa F. Kennedy, lot on
E line of Seventeenth avenue. 196:1 S of Cali
fornia etreet. S 25 by E 120; gift.
Alameda County.
Katie Forbes (Moran) and William P. and
Thomas M. Moran to Anson S. Blake. lot on W
line of Myrtle street. 119 N of North Third. N
25 by W 125, being lot 43, block 4SI, of Hardy's
Addition to the Adeline and Market street
Homestead: also lot on S line ot Twenty-sec
ond street. 50 W of West street, W 25 by S SO. 34.
belnc oortion of block G. Curtis and Williams
Tract. Oakland; also all Interest tn estates of
Thomas and Delia Moran. deceased; $10.
Ella M. Hammond (Montague, wife of Wil
liam C.) to Victor H. Metc.ilf. lot on NE line
of East Tenth street, 75 HE of Eighth avenue.
SE gS by NJi 150. block IS. Clinton: $10.
Mary W. Moody (wlte of John C.) to John C.
Moody, lot on E line of Spring street, 300 N of
Vine. E 300, N 330, W Ho to E line of Spring
street, thence on said E line of Spring street
meandering S and YV to beginning, containing
1U acres, Berkeley; $10.
B. Kelsey (trustee) to F. H. and M. S. Mc-
Cormick. lots 12, 13 und 14, block 113. Tract B.
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation. Berkeley, quitclaim deed: $5.
Alfred H. Blow and Mary V. Well (Blow)
(trustees under trust deed of Mary A. Blow, by
Oscar L. Rocren>. Sheriff) to I. M. Wiley
(assigned to George AdamtO, block 3, bounded
N by Chanman street, W by Lancaster street.
S by Valdez street and E by Frultva'.e avenue,
being portion North Alameda Tract, formerly
the Valdez and Glascock Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $1230.
Sophie McKay to Henry Myers, lot ISO, En
clnal Park Tract, Alameda; JCOO.
William P. and Alice F. Todd to Beach C.
Soule, lot 19, block F. Oakland View Homestead
Association Tract. Oakland; $10.
W. and F. W. Havens to same, lot 20,- block
F. same. Oakland;, $10.
Mary E. Knowles <dlFtrlbutee estate Josiah
N. Knowles). Henry Pierce and Charles F. A.
Talbot to Henry R. Miller, lot 20. Huena Vista
Homestead, to correct former deed, quitclaim
deed. Oakland: $¦">.
G. L. C. G. and Louisa C. A. Mo'.ler to Her
rran Muller. lot on S line of Falrvlew street,
126.00 E of Telegraph avenue, thence along S
line of Falrvlew street 60, thence S 110. \V C>o,
N 110, to beginning, belnt; lots 11 and 12, Mol
ler Tract. Oakland; $10.
Edna J. Alkln to P. and Minna Bakar. lot
on S lino of Sixth street. 73 W of Franklin.
W 2.) by S 100, lot 14. block .".3. Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth A. and Krank Toiehmann to Isaac
L. Reijua. lot on NW line of Piedmont avenue.
£36 NE cf Moss avenue, NE 130 by NW 250,
being a portion of How... Tract; Oakland: $3(XK».
Isaac 1... Rpqun ian<l ns trustee) and Sarah
J. Hequa (his wife) nml Theresa L. Merchant
to Faliiola Hosr-ltnl Association (a corpora
tion). Fame, quitclaim ileed. Oakland; .
Matthias and Elizabeth :-:chramm to city o£
OoklanJ. lets 74S U, 750 \V, 731 X and 752 Y. on
m.ip showing lands to he taken for opening of
Commerce street from East Twelfth street to
East Twenty-second street, East Oakland;
a7iu.
Hugh and Kate Connhan to Richard Chrls
tlanson, let on SW corner of Ep.st Twenty-scc
ciivi Street, 3.*3 SE of Twenty-first avenue. SE
72. SW 120. NW 44. SW 10. NW 2S, NE HO to
Ix-gl lining, helng a portion of lets 13, IS and 17,
block t>7. nr.'p nf Northern. Addition to Brook
lyn. Ka?t Oakland.
Cliarlci> P. ar..l Ella G. Haseltlr.e to Laum S.
Haseltlnc. th.- east one-half of lot 12. block 14,
College Homestead Tract. Berkeley; tl.
Kdna F. iind John P. Uecke.tt to Mnrla Kel
ley. It.t -4. map of lied Roso Tract, I3ruo!clyn
Township; $10.
Mary t'. McSorler to James Gleason, lot m
N line of Twenty-tlrst Ftreet, 67:'J E of Mar
ket. E 31.30 by N 23. portion of block I. Curtis
& Williams Tract. Oakland; J3OO.
Margaret E. Purcell to Bernard Gallagher,
lots C 2 and 63, Huena Vista Homestead, Oak
land; $10.
Emma f.. ParU»r .to Hnttie Cold well, lot on
SK corner of Franklin and Delner or Twen
tieth streets. S 4.V.V}. E 04.30, N 01.44, W So to
beginning. Oakland: JlO.
Henry Hayes to John P. Beckett, lot on NW
corner of Edwards street nnd Telegraph ave
nue, E 100. N SO. W 104:6. N 43, B 10C:S. S 43
to beclnnlnrc. being the N portion of lot No.
1 on map of Theological Seminary Tract,
Oakland; »10.
Chisrlos and Ambrczlnn Soheggla to Richard
N. Clnrk, lot on south line of Al<!en avenue.
21." W ."'f West strett. W .50 by S 140. belns;
lots 13 and 1!. h'.ock A, map nf Henry's sub
division of Whltoher, Brockhurst & Roland
Tract. Oakland; $730.
Clara J LeTevro to Ira Vaughnn. lot on eact
line of Alice street. 2J N of Sixth. N 23 by E 7C-.
being lot 2. block C 2. Onklnnd; $10.
Mlllard M. and Mary F. Shaw to Letitla
I^eonard. lot on north line of Russell street,
277:6 E of Ellsworth. E 50 by N 134:6. being
lot 22. block H, Leonard Tract. Berkeley, quit
claim deed: $10. A-'.. . ...
AdeJalde Comstock to J. A. Marshall, lots 1.
2 and 3. block F. Leonard Tract, Berkeley,
warranty deed; $100.
S. S. and Mamie A. Austin to Dr. W. B.
*"hurch. lot 5, Rio Grande Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Snmuel S. and Mnmle A. Austin to William
B. Church, lot 6, same; $5.
William H. Knizht. administrator nf the es
tate of Ann Jane Kelly, to Edgar Young, lot
10. block B, Alameda Station Homestead Tract,
Alameda; J1.325.
Julius A. and Elizabeth H. Remmel to Julia
B. For.nter. wife of Arthur J. Forster. lot on
oast line of St. Charles street. 95:6 l N of Rail
road avenue. N 30 by E ICO. belnc lot 17. block
K. Taylor & Page Tract, Alameda; $1,230.
George Brown to Andrew li.tngs Jr.. lot on
south line of Atlantic avenue. 92:6 W of Stan
ford strtet. W 46 by S 127:6. being lot 12. block
1, lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda: $10.
Nancy A. Enrlght to Harry A. Holland. lot
on S line of Sixth street, 137:6 E of Harrison,
E 37:6 by 8 MO. being lot 12 and E hajf of lot
11, block vS. Oakland: $200.
John P. Beckett to Marshal Hatch, lot on N
line of Thirty-eighth street. C 21.36 E of Mar
ket, E 40 by N 133.5. Oakland; $10.
M. Hournt (by Ed .Weldler. constable) to
Dixon Brnbban, all Interest In lots 13 and 14.
block 1, Roberts & Wolfskin Tract, Oakland
s2os.
Klmball G. and Katherlne O. Eaeton to An
nie R. and Atherton S. Lord, re-record 592 d
393. lot 15, block 1, Sea View Park. Berkeley;
Annie R. Ixird to Atherton S. Lord, re-record
602 d 283, pnme (subject to contract of sale),
Berkeley; $10.
Atherton S. and Annie S. Lord to Sarah C,
McLaughlln. lot 'ls, block 1, Sea View Park
Berkeley: $10.
Nancy E. Wren to W. N. Morris, lot on N
line of University avenue, 100 E of California
street. E 50 by N 125, being -lot 1. range 12,
on corrected map of range 12, Hardy Tract'
Berkeley: $10.
William Pluschnn to Carl and Franzlska
Metze. lot on W line of Tenth : street, IS9 73 a
of Ornyson. S 20. SW 130.09, N 21.88. E 130 to
beginning, portion of lot 1. block 177. Grayson
Tract. Berkeley. $10.
El wine, and .lullua Hlbsher to Augusts Kam
rath. lot on SW line of Vesta street, 170 NW
of Nutley avenue, NW 75 by SW. 108. being lot»
30, 31 and 32. on map of subdivision of lots 12
13. 20 and 30. Klngsland Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. -
B. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustee* of
\Mlllam J. Lnndegran) to San Francisco Sav
ings Union. 506 d 297. lot on SB corner of Ocean
avenue and Sixth street. E 260 by 8 104. being
lots 10 to 14. block D. Landegran Tract. Oakland
Township (trustees' deed): $500
Mary A. Silver to William Prlchard lot on
SW comer of Wilder and Mabel streets W
227.C5. S 100. W CO. S 20. E 274.03. N 120.03 to
beginning, being lots 16 to 20 and the S 20 feet
of lot 15. block C, Corrlson Tract. Berkeley $10
Frederick W. and Fanny S. Beardsley to Warl
ren Cheney, lot on N line of Collese way. 46
E of Shatt'ick avenue. E 48 by N 133:8 V.. being
i he w,k ,47, 47 {' ct n ot lot 2'2 ' an^ th * w 1 'not of lot
3, block A. Percy Tract. Berkeley: 510
and Lueretla M. Cheney to Fanny S
Beardsley. same; $10.
Andrew and Jnne C. Jones to Theodore Llt
terst. lots 22 to 25. block C, .Elmhurst Tract.
Brooklyn Township: grant. -
Ilome Bulldlnc ¦¦ Company (corporation) to
Charlotte. A. Boynton. lots E2 nnd n, map of
Forest Park Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10
Debbie A. Mott to Mnrtha C. Hart (wife of E.
P.), lot on NW corner of Broadway nnd lot 44
on. mat) of subdivision of half-acre lotn In
Hays & Caperton Tract,' W 140:2 by S 27:5. por
tion of .lot 44 of above, tract. Alameda ; JlO.
Builders' Contracts.
Maximilian Neumann.' rector St. Boniface
Church (owner), with- Robert Troet contractor.
architect Brother Adrian, consulting architects
Martens & Coffey, grading,, excavations con
crete Wfills. piers, sidewalks, etc, for a church
building and connecting parsonage on S line of
Golden' Gate avenue, 137:6 W of Jones street, W
192:6 by S 137:6; $14,672.
Herbert C. Mof fltt (owner) with "W. T. Veltch
& Bro. contractors, architect William Knowles.
all work for a frame residence on N line of
Broadway, 137:6 E of Octavla street, E 45 by N
152:6: $7778. '
David Bernstein (owner) with Gullck & Weth
erbee contractors, architects Salfleld & Kohn
bertf, plumbing and gasfltting for a three-story
frame building on N line of Sutter street, 112:6
E of Buchanan. E 25 by N 112:6: $11S6.
Hale Brothers, corporation (owners), with
Gladding, Mcßean & Co.' contractors, architects
Reid Bros., terra cotta and pressed brick work
for a four-story and basement brick building on
S Kne of Market street, between Fifth and
Sixth, extending to Stevenson; $13,600. •:>-/ .
THE SAX FRANCISCO OALIi, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1900.
CLEARED.
Monday, February 12.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr.Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria; O R &
N Co.
Br stmr Benmohr. Wallace. Chemalnus;
Macondry & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, February 12.
Stmr State of California, Gage, Astoria,
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, Newport.
Stmr Emnire. Nelson. Cooa Bay.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen. Eureka,
Stmr South Coast. Olnen. .
Br bark Norfolk Island, Thomas. Queens
town.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Johnson. New What
com.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 12. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 12-Stmr Del
Norte, hence Feb 10; stmr Despatch, from Eu
reka.
Sailed Feb 11— Stmr Del Norte. for San
Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Feb 12— Schr Sko
kane, for Hllo.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 11— Schr En
deavor, for Honolulu.
NEWPORT — Arrived Feb 12 — Stmr Del
Norte, from San Pedro.
CRECENT ClTY— Sailed Feb 11— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 11— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco: stmr Homer, for Portland.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 12-Schr H
D Bendixen, from Honolulu; Br bark Alle
giance, from Nagasaki.
USAL— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Lejruna. hence
Feb 10. .-'
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 12— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr North Fork,
hence Feb 10; stmr San Pedro, hence Feb 11.
SAN Dl EGO—A rrlved Feb 12— Br stmr Lady
Joicey. hence Feb 10.
GREENWOOD— Sailed Feb 12— Stmr Alca
traz. for San Pedro.
REDONDO— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Luella.
from San Pedro.
Failed Feb 12— Stmr Luella, for San Fran-
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 10-Stmrs Su
nol. Coqullle River and Fulton, for San Fran
cisco. Feb 11— Schr Lettetla, for San Fran
cisco; nchr Mary E Rusa. for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Al-Kl. fm
Dyea: stmr Dlrigo, from Dyea. Feb 12— Stmr
Grnee Dollar, hence Feb 7.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr
Alcazar, from Greenwood. • Feb 12— Stmr Se
quoia, from Fort Braeir.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived Feb 12— Jao itmr
Hrmekons: Maru, hence Jan 16.
NANAlMO— Arrived Feb 11— Nor stmr Tlta
nla, hence Feb «.
Snlled Feb 12 — Nor stmr Tltanla. for San
Francisco.
A.CAPULCO— SaiIed Feb 9— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— SaiIed Feb 11— Ship Henry B
Hyde, for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LU'ERPOOL— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Penn
land, from Philadelphia: stmr Teutonic, from
New York. Feb 12— Stmr Georric, from New
York.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Feb 12— Stmr Port Stev
ens, for Seattle.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Armenia,
from Swinemunde.
Shipping Intelligence.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
i.b*tk — FROM Dxcraoca IZ. 1339. — *RRnrj
•7sOOa BenicU. Soisun. Elinira. Vieni^o.
Rtunseyaml Sacramento *T:-*3»
•7:O»A Shasta Express- DiTia, Willows.
Red Tluff. Fcrilatd It4Zf
»7iSn» Maxtlnez. ban K.->racD. Vallejo. Xapa.
Caliatcra ami .Santa Rosa *O:iap
•Bi3Oa The Overland Limited— Osden. Den-
»er. Omaha. Chicago *3i|3>
•*::iu« Ban Josr. Lircrruorc. .Stockton.
lone Sacrai-ii-nt". P'.ic rvLle,
Marj»»ill". Chica. Ue.l Ulull M>l.l»
•«:no» "Milton. Oakdalc and honor* M:l.l r
•l»i«O» Haywarla.. Niltsand W.iy Stations. * 1 1: t.~»4
•»:««* Da»!«. Woodlard. Heights Landing,
Alurjs7ille,«m>ii]l<v. •7:I3»
•!>tOO* Atlantic I'.xprcss— i^gdeu and East "J: 10^
•UtOO.v Ulariincz, Trry. Latbrcp, Stockton.
Mercdand Krc-.rn» *IS:|.i r
•UiOtA Port Cost*, fe'resoo. -Mujavj aud Loa
Anceles *«:-l.lp
• I O:OO 1 Vallcjo. Martinez ami Way Htations *6: 1 ". r
¦1I:OOa. llaTwarilB.NUca&?il Wa j Staticna. .•2:13»
•iat*«K Nilcs, LiTermore. Btocktcn. Harra-
nento, Mcndoto. Uanford. Vlaaila,
Foitcrtillo * It I Sa
JI:O«p Sacraroonto Hl»er Stcnmeri t*«ini> y
•3<OOp Hiywards. Niics and Wiy Sutlcns. •»: J.l*
«4i««r Mitr'.iue.'. Kui Uainou. Vallejow
Napa. CaliAtoß.-t. Suutn IIn»» •!».I1«
•4tO«r Rrnlcia. I'acarillc. Hacr:«inento.
Woo<Uan<i, Knitilits 1-iudinj.
MarjßTillr, Oroiilio "l«:4.t»
•4i3Op NUea.rJan.loao and Stockton *?>l3>
•B:4K»rTha Ocl Limited— Trscr. Frrsno.
BiiprsOcM. haiijnis i\ r baota l^ar-
ban, I^s Ansel«» MAt-ISa,
•3:00 r Sucsct LuxiteU— El Paso. New Or-
Icaasand East eJO:I.*U
•.I<:sop atockton, Merced. Fresno *ISil3p
¦3t3Or Vxcaiio. liakerslieM. SauU lUrlmra.
I,os Angeles. Drmlog; £1 Vico,
New Orleans aud East **i4M*
•3>3nr Santa Fo ICoute— Atlantic Expreaa
for M»jaf« anil V.**t *A:l.lp
•diOOf najwarOs. Nilus ami iU:i Jcae *7>49«
tO::SOr Vallc]o *12i1.1 p
•fliSOr Oriental Mall— Ogden and East •Sr.'iOp
J7:oor Vollcjo. I'trt Costa and Way Sta-
tions. t»>33r
•SiO3r» Orrjton and California Kjprem.Mao.
rnuieiiti). Marjs;lllo. RciMlug,
Pnttlawl. Tngft Horn..! mi.l llmt *»il.1 A
•j»»I.kA N«t»ajk.CVntcr»l:le,Man Joie.Frlton, ~*
UouMrt CrPtk.SautaC'ruz aii'l Way
Statious *3tAay
t3il.tr Newark, CcnteiTille, f-an .!<.««. New
AltnadeD. FeltoD. r>ouldcr '"rf.lt.
Santa Crua aod I'rincipiU Way
HUtlo-.m fl«tA<*4
•Jil.ip Newark. Han Jcsto. Lea Gatoa *Q:ao4
lilifSp Hnnters' Excurai:n. Sac Juaa and
Way Stations {7:2O»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnmSlß rai3ClSCo— Toot «r tuUl Stre«« (S!u «;—
•7:15 COO 11:00 a.m. JI:C3 *2.-S3 13M
•I:C3 tC:C3 *C::3r.u.
ruaOAlUlD— r<ot •fCretiwiT.— 'o:oo 800 10:03* m.
tI2:C3 «I:C3 1163 «3:53 tU3 'i-.ZZr.it.
I*l l u\ Ocean Viuw, bouth H*a I racci.u ... m./.ttr
*7tOW* Haii Jo'o and Way btalii.ua (New
Alwaden Wednwiriajsonlj). *l»SOr
>«oiOO* Han Joaa. Tres I'inos. flmitit Cms.
' Paeiiia «;«<i>«. I'oso I ; . ¦ 1 . : • «. .'\»n
f I.iil* Oliispn, Knif, Lompoe aud
Principal Way KUtimis *4lil*r
•18. 10, Han Joa.jnill W nj HUUnnm •••:U-5*
• lltii»A Ban Jnso aud Way Stations «J^o»
«Si«sr San Ua.Ua, Kcdwooil, Menlo Puk,
Palo Alto. .Sant-» Clara. Ban Jo»j^
Trt» ricos. BanU C;nz. B^iaaa,
Mcntereyand racifio Crofs 110:7.6^
|S:!l«r ?aa Josoaml Way Stations *?i3(tr
f l:l»r SanJossaml Principal Way Station* *U:l.la
43:00r Ban Jose and Principal W*7 Stations t»:O<u
•.•S.-.lOp fiau.Joio and Principal Way Station* *A:33*
•U:SOp Bao Joss aud Way Stations t*:O<>A
|llH.'»p San .losoond Way Stations •7»a©p
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
I^. wharf. San Francisco:
Rrtlfc-^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.
r^t?&K Feb - 5> 10 - 13 - :°: °- -¦•'• Mar - 2 -
rtffi^rJ&TTfc. Change to company's steam-
EHTB§Je\'^ra cr * at Seattle.
tSw^WW Y&,% For Victoria. Vancouver.
B»s£!J'V*Bi! <li C)> Port Townsend.
Seattle. Tacnw, Everett.
Anacortes and New What-
"^4 com (Wash.). 10 a. m.. Feb.
5. 10. 13. 20. 25. Mar. 2. and every fifth day
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company"*
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay*. 2 p. m.. Feb.
S. g. 13. IS. 23, 23, Mar. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo». Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anrelcs) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Feb 4. 8, 12, 16. 20. 24. 2S. Mar. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Snn Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Ob'«:vo). Santa Barbara. Port Les
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Feb. 2. 6. 10. 14. I*. 22. 2C. Mar. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mairdalena Bay. San Jos* d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. in.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the rieht to change
st»amers. salllnsr dat*s and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKKT DKFICK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st . Pan Francisco.
United States Coast nnd Geodetic Survey—
TlmcH and Heights of Hlsh and Low.
Waters at Fort . Point, entrance to San
Francisco ray. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
ihe city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
7:10 ami I I 110:23 am
I 8:00 ami Gaernerffi*. I 7:25 pml
I.JO pml I ! f (:23 pm
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMER 3 TO
PORTLAND
From Er^ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C«nc £12 Hrst Class Including Berth
ralll. $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA saUs Feb. 17. 27. Mar. 3. 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 12. 22. March 4. 14. 14
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena nnd all points In tha Northwest.
Through tickets to all Dolnts East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
£20 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
XOTF.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the Feccnd tide of
thp day, the third time column the third tide
and th<» last or rlsht hand column gives the
ln.«t tl<l*» of the day. except when there are but
thref tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
r'ven are In addition to the soundings on the
Unit**! States Coast Survey- charts, except
when a. minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the menn of the lorver Inv/ waters.
COMPAONIE GZNEBALE TRANSATLAMTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday Instead of OfrjS
Saturday, from November 2. 1593. at ¦w'WsVi^
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton St.: L'AQUITAINE. Feb. 15; LA GAS-
COGNE, Feb. 22; LA TOURAINE. March 1:
LA BRETAGNE. March S. First class to
Havre, $S0 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, $45: 5 per
cent reduction on round ' trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclnc
Coast Agents, 6 Montgomery aye.. San Fran-
cisco.
Burbanks, 73c®11 19: Sweet Potatoes, $1 75®1 85
for Merced: New Potatoes, 3c.
ONIONS— SI Ss®2 25 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, per lb; As
paragus, 25@'30c for Sacramento and Santa
Clara and per lb for Alameda: Green
Peas, IHS3c per lb for Lob Angeles and for
Alameda; String Beans. SSl24c; Cabbage, 40®
60c; Los Angeles Tomatoes, Jl'y 1 SO; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles. lO^lJijc; Dried Okra, 12Hc
per lb; Garlic, f3'c: Green Peppers from Los
Angeles. 2@Sc; Dried Peppers. 8310 c; Carrots,
3C@4of per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
IZcQH 25 per box; Marrowfat Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Three cars of Eastern came In and sold off
well at 12ff124c for Turkeys. J4 60 for Ducks,
$5 EOQ* for Hens, S.vas 50 for young Roosters
and J4 yySs for old Roosters. Two more cars
are announced for to-day. .
Game was dull and weak and the close
weather checked the demand.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll®l2^c for Gob
blers and ll@l2>4c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
14c; Geese, per pair. }1 Tof 2; Goslings, $1 73
@2; Ducks. J405 for old anil i4jjs Tor younK;
Hens. J4g'3; Young Roosters. $4 6Q@5; .Old
Roosters, $4@4 60; Fryers, $4 &0&5; Broilers. HQ;
4 £0 fcr large and $2 s"y.i 50 fur small; Pigeons.
$1 Js@l 50 per dozen for old and }2 iC'jo fur
tquabp.
GAME— Quail. $1 23; Mallard. $31j3 50- Can
vasback. $:S4: Sprig. $2; Teal. $1 s<); Widgeon.
Jl 50; Small Puck. $lffl 23; Doves. 75c per
dozen; Hare. 7.>cs?sl; Rabbits, $1 25«J1 f.o' Gray
Geew\ $3; White. $1 2.'.gi 50; Brant. Jl 50f(2 50;
Honkers. J4; English Snipe, J2 50 per dozen;
Jack Snipe, $1 2otf 1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another decline In Butter Is announced and
the market Is very weak and dull. Cheese
shows a tendency toward still lower prices.
Eggs are unchanged.
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 25c; seconds
23<g24e.
Dairy— Fancy 22^22Hc; good to choice. 20@
21c: common. 15glS>c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@10ljc; old 9^c-
Your.j; America. Utilise, tCusicn.. la'-.aloc-
Wfnt-rn, 13'i«il5c per lb.
EGGP- Quoted at 15c for store and ]6<Jl7c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold storace
ITVi@lsc '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, Jl 60^2 70; choice Navels,
tl 30g2 »; standard. 75ci1jJ1 70; Seedling*. 73@
80c. A few choice Lemons sold at Jlfii 3i
DECIDUOUS KRVITS—
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries. J437 per
bbl.
AP1 J LE?— 3o^6oc per box for common 73cQ51
for *ooi to choice, and tl SiQl GO for fancy
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, Jl iCff'SO
per l«x: Seedlings, ii.fcjjl » : Jjipaiuwe Man
darins. Jlpt 25; Pomelos. Jl®2 M; Lemons 110
1 50 for common and $252 50 for Rood to choice -
Mexican Limes. SSCTS 60; California Limes •>-,&
60c; Bananas, $1 23^2 50 per bunch: Plr.eat>D7,PK
\Z £OQ4 per dozen. . "-¦•£
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sicks. 4^c for
40-50's, 4@4lic for 60-60'f. 3^c for 60-73- s, 3Vi<*
for 70-SO's. 3c for SO-SO - s and 2=ic for SO-'lOO's"
Apricots, ll(&13c for Royals. HVti/lCc for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Bicnhelrr.s; I'eaches, &i±y
Cc for Standards, 6Vi©6\c for choice and' 7&sc
fcr fancy: Peeled I-eacnec. log 1214 c; Evajjo
rated Apples, 6Q7c; Sun-dried. 6«/'s^c per lb"
Nectarines. S@Sc; Pears. 34-54140 for dark and
7@-Sc for bright halves; Black rigs, 2%2u, c -
White Figs. 2S3c; Bleached Plums Sl73c-V:n'
bleached Plums, 7g7Hc for pitted a^d I^4 for
unpltted. ™
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy D*r
lb, 10c; choice, »c: standard, Sc; prime. f,c' un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. Hie: cholre. 7>*c: standard 6Wc
prime, sc; unblrafhed Sultanas. sc; Seedless'
tO-lb boxes, sc; 2-ciown, loose Muscatels Btte- I
3-crown. «J4e: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers'
2-crown, 11 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60 Fan.v •
Clusters. *2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imp-rial. $3 »m
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping- doWs
in California. po.-.ts
NUTS— Chestnuts. Bf?9c: Walnuts, s@9c for
standards and 9ftloo for BoftshPll; Almonds
!lH&l2c for paper shMI. 9<rn«c for soft and 4«
Cc fcr hardshell: Peanuts. s\Jr6%c for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts. 7'4'frSc- FII
be_rts, 12@12\ic; Pecans. ll«jlSc; Cocoanuts." J< 50
HONEY— Comb, HU<ffl?e for bright and 10^5?
lie for light amber: water white extracted
7»4e: light amber extracted. "ViQ7%c; dark. si»ii
6c per lb. - v
BEESWAX— 24326c per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers say that the expected advance in
Hams and Bacon has not taken place because
some dealers persist in selling below cost, and j
this cut-throat competition prevents any rise. !
The market Is very firm, however.
OUKtU MKA'i.v- liaton, »-%, c per lb for !
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light. 12c
for extra light and J3H for sugar-cured: East
ern eugar-vured Hams. IStfzlXUc: California
Hams, romlnal; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl- extra
Uw, $13: Family, Jl4: extra Prime Pork. Jl4 50
extra clear, Jl"; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\.^c .per lb for
compound and Sc for pure: half-barrels, pure
S«4c: 10-lb tins. 8»ic; 5-lb tins. »c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%®B>4c per lb; 10-lb
tins. 9Hc.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIn and hrnnds sell
about lc under Quotations. Heavy salted steer*.
lOVsSrllHc: medium. 9V4(310>4c: light, 9Vtc:
Cowhides. 9H@loMtc; Stags, 7c: Salted Kip 9^©
10% c; Calf. 9HOIOHc; Dry Hides, sound. ISc;
culls and brands. 154f16c; Dry Kld and Veal
17c: Dry Calf. 19g'20c; Sheepskins, yearling* 10
<?30c each; short Wool. 35@60c each'; medium
70fW>c; long Wool. $101 25 each; Horse Hides
$2 75@3 for large and 75cS$l 25 for small; Colts'
60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb- No 2
?c: refined, 6V4c; grease. 2%<g3c; " "
WOOL—
. Fall clip, Pan Joaquln plains. 9ffloc; South
ern. SQlOc; Middle County. ll®13c; Humboldt
and Mendocino, 17@20c; Eastern Oregon. 13©lflc'-
Valley Oregon, lfc@2oc: Northern Mountain'
fre». ll«14c; Northern Mountain, defective lot*
lie per lb.
HOPS-7©llc Der lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is nothing new. Hogi continue scarce
and firm.
BEEF— 6li@7c per lb for fair to choice
VEAL— S®IOc per lb..
MUTTON— Wethers. B©B%c: ewes. 8c Der lb
LAMB— Spring. 15c; yearlings, 9®loc per lb '
PORK-Llve Hogs, 5%c for small. 5%c for to.
diura and 6%@sHc for large: stock Hoss and
feeders, 5K©5V4c; dressed Hogs, 7®BHc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 85; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7@7Uc; Wool Bags, 28®30c.
COAL— Wellington, J8 per ton; new Welling
ton, »; Southfield Wellington, J7 50; Seattle,
V: Bryant. J7: Coo« Bay. $5 W; Wallsend " $i'
Co-operative Wallsend. $8; Scotch. ; Cum
berland,. Jl2 In bulk and $12 SO In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton: Coke, $13 per ton In bulk and $17 in sacks
SUGAR— The Western, Sugar Refining ' Com
pany quotes, terms net each, in 100- lb bags-
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, B'tfc; Pow
dered, W,c; Candy Granulated. s'^c; Dry Gran
ulated, 6V4c; Confectioners* A. 6Hc; Magnolia
A. «%c; Extra C. *%c: Golden C, 4Hc: barrels,
1-lSc more; half -barrels, %c more; boxes. V4c
more: 60-lt> bags. He more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or ita equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barrels, 5T4c; boxes, C'jc per tb.
9
8
Sun rises 7:02
Sun sets 5:4S
Moon sets 6:07 a. m.
O ITlme Time Time Tlmel
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? L W H \V L. W H W
13 ... 4:3f. 2.5 10:10 5.0 5:04 0.0! H:IS 5.1
14 ... S:li 2.3 11:22 5.4 5:32 0.3|
II W L. W H W . L. W
15 ... O:2S 5.2) 5:. r .3 2.1 11:03 5.2 6:02 0.1
16 ... O:F3 .1.21 6:30 1.9 12:41 4.9 C:3l| 1.0
17... 1:19-5.1 7:0S! 1.7 1 :C3 4.C 7:00! 1.4
18 ... IMil 5.1| 7:44j 1.6 2:OS 4.3 7:23| I.R
19 ... 2:OS| 5.21 S:^) 1.3 3:041 4.0 5:Wi 2.2
Steamer. From. I Due.
Conullie River.. Grays Harbor.. Feb. 1?
Sjnol Grays Harbor.' Feb. 13
Crescent City.- Crescent City Feb. 14
Columbia Portland Feb. 14
Bonlta Newport Feb. 14
Aloha Crescent City.; Feb. 14
Czarina |Puget Sound JFeb. 14
North Fork 'Humboldt Feb. li
Point Arena ... Point Arena ; Feb. 15
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 15
Mackinaw Seattle.. Feb. 15
A. Rlanchard.. Coos Bay Feb. 13
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor Feb. 15
San Pedro |Humboldt ; Feb. 15
lVmona San Diego Feb. IS
Aberdeen Portland Feb. 1«
Walla Walla .. Victoria & Pucet Sound Feb. 16
Tltania. Nanalmo Feb. 16
South' Portland. Oyster Harbor Feb. 18
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 16
Coptic China and Japan Feb. 17
Senator Seattle- . Feb. 17
Proftreso Tacoma. ...:..'. Feb. 17
E. Thompson... Oyster Harbor Feb. IS
Coos Bay Newport Feb. H
Homer Portland Feb. 13
State of Cal Portland Feb. 1J
Peru Panama Feb. 19
Corona San Dlejto '.. Feb. 20
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 20
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Orlxaba ... Humboldt..... Feb. 13. 2pm Pier 9
Cleveland . Kahuiul Feb. 13. 12 m Pier 34
Corona San D1enr0..... Feb. 14. 11 am Pier 11
Coqullle Ilv Gray* Harbor Feb. 14. ......
Arcata Cooa 8ay...... Feb. 15. 10am Pier 13
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 15. 10 am Pier »
A. Blanch' d Coos Bay Feb. 15. 6pm Pier 13
Rontta San Pedro Feb. 18. Sam Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt..... Feb. 17, Warn Pier 17
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am Pier 24
City of Rio Chlna&Japan Feb. 17. Ipm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 17, 2pm Pier 2
Pomona ... San P1eir0..... Feb. IS, 11 am P er 11
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 18. 9am Pier 2
City of Para Panama Feb. 19, 12 m PMSS
Walla Wa. Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 20. 10 am Pier «
Cocs Bay..; Newport......; Feb. 20. 9am Pier 11
Stnte of Cal Portland Feb. 22. 10 am Pier 24
Steamer. From. I Due.
Conullie River.. Grays Harbor.. Feb. 1?
Sjnol Grays Harbor.' Feb. 13
Crescent City.- Crescent City Feb. 14
Columbia Portland Feb. 14
Bonlta Newport Feb. 14
Aloha Crescent City.; Feb. 14
Czarina |Puget Sound JFeb. 14
North Fork 'Humboldt Feb. li
Point Arena ... Point Arena ; Feb. 15
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 15
Mackinaw Seattle.. Feb. 15
A. Rlanchard.. Coos Bay Feb. 13
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor Feb. 15
San Pedro |Humboldt ; Feb. 15
lVmona San Diego Feb. IS
Aberdeen Portland Feb. 1«
Walla Walla .. Victoria & Pucet Sound Feb. 16
Tltania. Nanalmo Feb. 16
South' Portland. Oyster Harbor Feb. 18
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 16
Coptic China and Japan Feb. 17
Senator Seattle- . Feb. 17
Proftreso Tacoma. ...:..'. Feb. 17
E. Thompson... Oyster Harbor Feb. IS
Coos Bay Newport Feb. H
Homer Portland Feb. 13
State of Cal Portland Feb. 1J
Peru Panama Feb. 19
Corona San Dlejto '.. Feb. 20
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 20
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Orlxaba ... Humboldt..... Feb. 13. 2pm Pier 9
Cleveland . Kahuiul Feb. 13. 12 m Pier 34
Corona San D1enr0..... Feb. 14. 11 am Pier 11
Coqullle Ilv Gray* Harbor Feb. 14. ......
Arcata Cooa 8ay...... Feb. 15. 10am Pier 13
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 15. 10 am Pier »
A. Blanch' d Coos Bay Feb. 15. 6pm Pier 13
Rontta San Pedro Feb. 18. Sam Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt..... Feb. 17, Warn Pier 17
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am Pier 24
City of Rio Chlna&Japan Feb. 17. Ipm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 17, 2pm Pier 2
Pomona ... San P1eir0..... Feb. IS, 11 am P er 11
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 18. 9am Pier 2
City of Para Panama Feb. 19, 12 m PMSS
Walla Wa. Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 20. 10 am Pier «
Cocs Bay..; Newport......; Feb. 20. 9am Pier 11
Stnte of Cal Portland Feb. 22. 10 am Pier 24
Sun rises 7:02
Sun sets 5:4S
Moon sets 6:07 a. m.
O ITlme Time Time Tlmel
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? L W H \V L. W H W
13 ... 4:3f. 2.5 10:10 5.0 5:04 0.0! H:IS 5.1
14 ... S:li 2.3 11:22 5.4 5:32 0.3|
II W L. W H W . L. W
15 ... O:2S 5.2) 5:. r .3 2.1 11:03 5.2 6:02 0.1
16 ... O:F3 .1.21 6:30 1.9 12:41 4.9 C:3l| 1.0
17... 1:19-5.1 7:0S! 1.7 1 :C3 4.C 7:00! 1.4
18 ... IMil 5.1| 7:44j 1.6 2:OS 4.3 7:23| I.R
19 ... 2:OS| 5.21 S:^) 1.3 3:041 4.0 5:Wi 2.2. A New Yorker, just returned from Lon-
don, says that so many young men have
gone to the war that, the scarcity of them
in London streets Is noticeable, .
Looking for C. O. Fisher.
Acting Chief of Police Biggy received a
telegram last night from William F. Bull,
Superintendent of Police of Buffalo, N.
V., In which the latter asked information
as to the whereabouts of C. O. Fisher, a
well known business man of that city. The
dispatch stated that Mr. Fisher could be
found at one of the hotels, but up to a
late hour Detective "Harry" Reynolds,
who was detailed to find Mr. Fisher, had
rot located him. Mr. Fisher's brother
died suddenly, and Superintendent of Po
lice Bull deeires to know what disposition
ehall be made of the remains.
DECLARE THEY
NEVER SWINDLED
THEIR CLIENT
Smiths Deny Mariane
Louis' Charges.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 12.
The suit filed by aged Mariane Louis,
last Saturday, against attorneys J. H. &
Mortimer Smith, charging them with em
bezzling $1020 of her money, will come to a
speedy trial, The defendants to-day filed
their answer denying all salient allega
tions of crookedness and strongly intimat
ing that 'some one has imposed on the
aged French woman in persuading her to
commence the suit.
The attorneys Smith aver that they
agreed to take charge of plaintiff's litiga
tion over the estate of her son, the late
Edouard Louis of Alameda; that she
agreed to and did pay them a $160 re
tainer and that under a rvritten agree
ment, which is embodied in their answer,
they were to receive one-half of all they
recovered and pay costs of any appeal.
They Informed her that her claim In dis
pute amounted to $1455. Mary Louis, tho
widow and executrix, had previously dis
allowed the claim because it had been pre
sented after the time prescribed by» law,
and several- suits ensued.
The aged mother finally advised her at
torneys Smith, so their answer avers, that
she would settle for nothing less than
$1500 in cold cash. After the attorneys
had negotiated and got $1800 she wanted
them to cut their fee to $500, claiming that
there had been no troublesome trial. To
this they vigorously demurred. The affair
was settled by the executrix paying her
mother-in-law $1800; she then paid the
Smiths $780, after deducting the retainer,
and she retained the balance of $10:50. Re
ceipts passed between the parties and the
aged litigant seemed perfectly satisfied.
Her suit, therefore, greatly shocked the
Smiths, who divine a conspiracy behind
the action.
GIVEN A BIG
FAREWELL BY
THE WOODMEN
OAKLAND, Feb. 12.— 1. I. Boak, the
newly appointed head clerk for tha.
Pacific jurisdiction of the Wood
men of the World, was tendered a
rousing farewell reception to-night at
Loring Hall by Oakland Camp No. 94, of
which he had been clerk for several years.
Fifty camps were represented at the fare
well reception. Neighbor Judge F. B. Og
den. made the opening address and intro
duced the speaker of the evening, Head
Escort D. S. Ewing of Fresno, who dis
coursed on the woodcraft of California.
During the evening Neighbor E. A. Bol
ton. on behalf of Oakland Camp, present
ed Mr. Boak with a tine sliver tea set of
six pieces. Mr. Boak leaves for Los An
geles to-morrow afternoon,' returning to
Oakland next Friday. On Saturday aft
ernoon he starts for Denver, the head
quarters of the Head Camp for this juris
diction.
HE WAS BOUND
TO WORK FOB NO
OIE BUT DELGEH
Now Lamping Sues
on a $10,000 Note.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 12.
James J. Lamping ia determined to col
lect the $10,000 promissory note made in
his favor by his former employer, the late
Frederick Delger, who died In April, 1898.
Delger's estate has been appraised at
$131,231. '
Soon after the capitalist's death Ed
ward F. Delger, the executor, learning of
the existence of the note, brought suit in
equity to enjoin Lamping. from ever col
lecting the same. The court decided
against the executor. The note was dated
January 3 1597, and became payable
January 3 last. Lamping presented his
claim for the amount named in the note
to the executor, but tho latter promptly
disallowed it. ... ?,.,
To-day Lamping, by his attorney, Wil
liam R Davis, brought an action in the
Superior Court to obtain Judgment against
the Delger estate for the $10,000 and costs.
According to the complaint the note waa
made to Lamping by the late Frederick
Delger In pursuance of an agreement that
Lamping should as long as Delger desired
it refrain from entering into business or
employment with any other, party: that
he should continue as long as Delger per
sonally desired to manage his (Delger's)
business and property, valued at over
$1,000,000. Lamping alleges that he has
lived up to the agreement and that he has
protected the financial interests of Del
ger and has kept the accounts of his em
ployer, amounting to over $6000 per month.
Lamping also avers that, excepting the
payment of this $10,000 note, Delger dur
ing his lifetime had always performed
every act required of him under the con
tract, including the making of the prom
issory note. The suit will be bitterly
fought by the executor. .
Berlin women Bhlrt-makers receive only
SO cents a dozen for maklnc one ahlrts.
Deserted Her Husband.
OAKLAND, Feb. J2-— E. S. Burt to-day
filed suit for a divorce from Nellie Burt,
alleging desertion as the ground for hla
cause of action. The parties resided at
Elmhurst.' They were married In May,
IS!H, and have three children.
His Widow the Only Heir.
OAKLAND, Feb. 12.— Mrs. Catherine
Cullen to-day applied for letters on the
estate of her husband. John Cullen. who
died intestate last March, leaving $4623 on
deposit in Oakland banks. There are no
heirs except the widow.
BRYAN'S CONVENTION.
Democrats to Name Their Ticket
Early in June.
CHICAGO, Feb. 12.— A special to the
Times-Herald from Washington says:
Senator Jones of Arkansas to-day ad
mitted that as a result of Mr. Bryan's re
cent visit to Washington It had virtually
been decided to hold the Democratic na
tional convention early in June, before the
meeting of the Republican national con
vention in Philadelphia. Mr, Jones hlm
eelf had favored holding the convention
after the Philadelphia gathering, but had
been overruled. Mr. Bryan wants to get
his anti-trust platform before the coun
try ahead of the Republicans.
It is understood that the Democratic
convention will meet In some. Western
c}ty, probably on June 5 or 6.
News of the University.
BERKELEY, Feb. U.— The various
farmers' clubs which have been organ
ized by the University of California In
different parts of the State are already
preparing for the convention which will
be held at Riverside in 1901. Each club
will report upon a special topic, including
anything that touches upon the farming
industry. A list of subjects has also been
prepared by Professor Cook.
The University of California has re
ceived a number of applications for teach
ers In Japan.
Professor Thomas P. Bailey will de
liver an address before the San Francisco
Teachers' Club at the Mercantile Library
building, at 8 o'clock to-morrow evening,
on "Prospero. the Master Teacher."
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch tha Al Iron American
Hail rteamship
ZEALANDIA
(CAPACITY 3000 TONS)
FOB NOME DffIEGT.
Sailing from San Francisco
Monday, 'Hay 2L 1900.
First Cabin, Second Class and Stor-
age Accommodations.
. For Passenger and Freight Bates,
and Reservations, apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COL,
• 139 POST STEEET.
CAPE NOME.
For paesenser and freight rates see
C. F. MOORE, 033 Market 6 1., Room 6.
CHILDREN DESERTED BY
THEIR CRUEL PARENTS
Willie Kelly, aged 7 years, his Bister
Gertie, aged 4 years, and their brother
Eddy, aged two years, were taken to the
City Prison last night and turned over
to the matron, awaiting their removal to
some nubile Institution. The little ones
were brought in by Officers F. A. Lycett
and Patrick McKenna. who found them
in the vicinity of Alabama and Twenty
elxth streets. A groceryman notified tho
policemen that the trio had been playing
in the vicinity for three hours and were
In danger of being trampled beneath
horses' feet. The officers investigated the
case and learned that the children had
been deserted hy their parents, who live
at 1254 Alabama street. The father and
mother are addicted to the drink habit
and quarrel constantly. Six weeks ago, it
Is alleged, the father threatened to kill
his wife, and since then their quarrels
have been extremely bitter. Last Satur
day evening Kelly left home and has not
returned. At noon yesterday Mrs. Kelly
abandoned her children and went on a
gpree, leaving her little ones to look out
for themselves.
ASSIGNS HIS SALARY
TO DEFEAT ALIMONY
OAKLAND. Feb. 12.— James B. Lyon3
has been cited to appear, before Judge
Ellsworth next Monday morning and ex
plain why he should not be punished for
falling to pay hla ex-wife $30 per month
for the support and education of their
minor child. Mary J. Lyons was grant
ed a divorce from James B. Lyons in De
cember, ISS7. In January, 1599. there had
accumulated $210 back alimony due. Then
the ex-wlfe had execution issued on the
Southern Pacific Company, with whom
Lyons Is employed, and she realized $132.
Since then, however, she has been unable
to realize on any execution, for the rea
son that' Lyons has assigned his salary,
amounting to $125 per month. Since the
divorce Mrs. Lyons has married again,
and she is now Mary J. Jeffress.
BRILLIANT GALAXY OF
NATIVE SONS AND LADIES
Native Sons' Hall waa a dream of artis
tic decoration last night on the occasion
of the Invitation bajl of Pacific Parlor
No. 10, Native Sons of the Golden West.
The effect was contributed to by graceful
ly drooped silver-spangled draperies, pale
blue and pink, with bunches of ferns at
each loop, while the central piece was a
mass of pretty flowers and ferns In which
there' was a number of white doves.
Those who had charge of this affair
were: Floor manager, John W. Riley; as
sistant, Leonard Stone: floor committee —
Daniel A. Ryan, John F. Comyns, George
B. Stangenberger, Daniel C. Deasy, Rob
ert J. Sands, S. W. Dixon, William H.
Langdon. J. L. Halsted. John F. Cannon,
S. VT Costello, Paul McDonald, Charles F.
McMenomy, Walter E. Dorn. Thomas B.
W. - Leland; ' reception committee — George
D. Clark, Walter J. Wiley, Edwin L.
Forster, Joseph H. Cunningham, Henry
E Faure, Angus McKay, William H. Ha
zell, George H. Wendell, H. W. Hunsa
ker, T. B. Foche, W. G. Baudoln. J. E.
Manning. Joseph K. Hawkins, M. J. Kll
lller, William H. Miller. Theodore Lun
stedt, H. P. Sullivan. Lyman Jennings,
Walter S. Heraon, John T. Greany; com
mittee of arrangements— John W. Riley,
Frank R. Neviila, Fred W. Kron« Jr.. F.
I. Gonzalez', E. I. Gro&zlnger, A. P. Seller,
Roland M. Roche, -Jere. Looney, F. A.
Schpenwald, A. Williams.
BERKELEY UP IN ARMS
OVER WATER QUESTION
BERKELEY. Feb. 12.— The Town Trus
tees are up In arms over the water ques
tion. C. E. Grunsky waa recently em
ployed by the town to sink wells at San
Pablo with a view of locating an adequate
water supply for Berkeley. He bored four
wells and found that he could get about
600,000 gallons per day, which really ia the
estimated consumption' of Berkeley. ¦ In
his report to-night Grunsky, together with
the joint committee, composed of Joseph
Le Conte. Dr. Addlson and Ed Neihaus.
recommended that the said supply would
be insufficient for Berkeley. The town will
therefore have to continue getttng its
water from the Contra Costa and Alameifa
companies.
When the report was read the Trustees
Jumped up In arms. It was recommended
that Grunsky be paid $500 for hla services,
that he and the committee be dismissed
and that a new committee be appointed.
Trustee Staats and others went so far as
to declare that Grunsky Is In collusion
with the Contra Costa Water Works.
FAILED IN HIS ATTEMPT
TO BRIBE CHIEF BIGGY
An Ignorant Celestial Tried the
Wrong Man, and Is Now Suf
fering a Double Penalty.
Ah Sing's soulful voice Is heard in deep
wailing behind the bars of the California
street police station. Sing used his dulcet
tones last night in an effort to save hirn
eelf a night in prison for entering a house
of 111 fame. Finding that his pleadings
were a failure, he, in ignorance of his
man, tried to tempt his captor, Acting-
Chief Biggy, with a i"> note in exchanse
for his freedom. This open case of at
tempted bribery under his very eyes start
led the Chief, and for the moment he was
in a quandary. He, however, decided, for
purposes of evidence, to accept the prof
fered gold piece, but to the surprise of the
Celestial refused to allow him to escape.
Instead, the bribe-offerer was taken to the
California-street station and held pending
an investigation into his conduct.
Chief Biggy will in all probability to
day charge Sing with bribery. The China
man now laments the loss of his $5 and his
liberty. The gold piece will be held
against him as evidence, and his freedom
will be withheld until his friends offer
bonds enough to get him out of the pre
dicament.
Chief Biggy Is taking strenuous steps
to discover whether any of his men ac
cept money from the inhabitants In the
Celestial quarter. He has the greatest
confidence in the honesty of the officers
under him. but he wants to instill in the
minds of the Chinese that policemen will
not receive money for their protection.
There has bc-en a belief current in the
minds of the Mongolians that every offi
cer is open to bribery. By his prompt ac
tion last night Chief Biggy hopes to im
press on their minds that the belief was
unfounded. He will try to have an exam
ple made of Ah Sing as a lesson to others
of his race. " ; . :
RESCUED HER SISTER
AS FLAMES BURST IN
OAKLAND, Feb. 12.— Mlas Cora Bonne
mort narrowly escaped with her life early
this evening during a blaze at the fine
residence of her father. Charles M. Bon
nemort, 655 Jackson street. The gardener
had been burning the paint oft the housa
preparatory to repainting, when the rus
tic ignited and before he could check tha
blaze the flames penetrated the wall of tha
room where Mt3s Cora lay suffering from
appendicitis. Her sister. Jean, was seated
with her back against the wall reading,
when the flames burst Into the room. Sha
rushed to her sister's rescue and both
narrowly escaped. Mlsa Cora had to ba
carried out and It la feared that the shock
will cause a relapse in her case. The Flra
Department responded promptly and soon
extinguished the fire. The damage
amounts to about $500.
NEW BOARD OF SURVEY.
Will Straighten Out All Matters Per-
taining to the National Guard.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 12.— Orders have
been Issued from the adjutant general's
office appointing a board of inspection
and survey to visit each and every com
mand of the National Guard In the State,
and company commanders will be required
to balance up their property accounts
with the adjutant general's office.
Worn out and useless quartermaster's
stores will be destroyed and each and
every commander will be required to sat
isfactorily account for any shortage in
his accounts.
The inspecting officers detailed for this
work from the adjutant general's office
have been directed to examine Into the
system of accounts kept by all command
ing officers. They will also institute an
inquiry regarding the claims of the Na
tional Guardsmen, who under orders re
ported for duty in the Spanish-American
war at th ; several State rendezvous, re
garding any claim they may have for pay
from the time of their so reporting up to
the date of their muster into the volunteer
service of the United States In 189g or their
rejection by the medical or mustering of
iicers. with a view of getting these claims
together, if any there be, bo that the
proper steps may be taken toward their
collection with the payment of. the men.
BUCHANAN ARRESTED.
Passed a Forged Order on a San Ra-
fael Merchant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 12.— Robert Bu
chanan, who has been anxiously looked
for for some months by H. A. Gorley, a
local merchant, was yesterday located in
Sacramento by Constable George Agnew
and is to-night lodged in the tanks her*.
Buchanan some months ago lost his po
sition on the North Pacific Coast Rail
road and deserted his family. He went to
the bad and finished up a succession of
minor crooked acts by working Gorley
with a forged order for $50. He disap
peared before Gorley discovered that he
had been swindled, and had It not been for
the streak of the detective In Agnew this
would have been the last heard of him.
This morning Agnew left for Sacra
mento, where ne had located Buchanan.
The swindler was lodged in- the tanks
awaiting trial for obtaining money under
false pretenses. Buchanan Is also wanted
In San Francisco, where he passed a
forged order on a saloon-keeper.
Puget Sound Wants the Cable.
• WASHINGTON, Feb. 12.— A bill was In
troduced in the Senate to-day by Foster of
Washington providing for the construction
of a Government cable line from the
United States to the Philippines. The dis
tinguishing feature of the bill Is that it
requires that the cable shall be laid from
some point on the coast of Washington,
and that It shall run via Alaska and north
of the Aleutian Islands to the Island of
Attu; thence to the boundary between
Russia and Japan and thence, with several
stops, to the Philippines. An Independ
ent cable from San Francisco tcr Hawaii
Is provided for.
County of Edinburgh Ashore.
NEW YORK, Feb. 13.— The British ship
County of Edinburgh went ashore at
about 10 o'clock last night close to the
Manasquan life-saving station, on the
Jersey coast, near Point Pleasant. She
1b hard and fast aground and is expected
to break up before morning. The crew
was taken off by the life-saving crew.
Miner Missing.
SEATTLE, Feb. 12,— J. E. Fulton, an
elderly mining expert, claiming to repre
sent Eastern capitalists, who left Skag
uay December 23, saying he was going to
White Horse, has mysteriously disap
peared. Nothing has been heard from
him since and It is feared he Is lost or has
met with foul play.
Nome Miners Protest.
SEATTLE, Feb. 12.— The Alaska Miners*
Association, which has a membership of
400, mostly Nome operators, to-.night
adopted resolutions which were sent to
Congressman Lacey praying for legal au-'
thority to mine the Nome beaches, and
condemning the prospective Bending of
military to that district.
Struck by a Car.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 12.— Albert Beall, the
five-year-old son of W. A. Beall, was
probably fatally injured to-day by being
run over by an electric car qn Delmas
avenue. He had accompanied his sister
to school on his bicycle and was riding
back along the track when the car struck
him. ' ¦ ,
Two Years for Brown.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 12.— Joseph Brpwn
was 'this afternoon sentenced by. Judge
Burnett to serve two years' Imprisonment
in Folsom. He was captured in a room
In the Healdsburg depot which he had
robbed. When brought Into court he en
tered a plea of guilty.
Body Found in Tules.
YUBA CITY, Feb. 12.— The bgdy of a
Chinaman was 'found In the tules below
Marcuue this morning. The Chinaman
fell from a trestle while working with a
railroad pang near that place on the 6th
of last month.
COLONEL SMOOT
PASSES AWAY
Oakland Office San Franctsco Call. •
111S Broadway. Feb. 12.
Colonel David S. Smoot. who was Dis
trict Attorney of San Francisco nearly a
quarter of a century ago.- died this after
noon at the residence of his son-in-law.
Benjamin Harvey, in East Oakland. The
deceased was 65 years of age and had
been ailing for several months.
Colonel Smoot was born in Alexandria,
Virginia, ana commanded a Confederato
regiment during the Civil War. He came
to San Francisco in 1576, and three yeara
later was elected District Attorney. At
the expiration of his term he moved to
Oakland and practiced law until three,
years ago. when he ceaaed and retired to
Hay wards.
The deceased leave* a widow, five
daughters— Mrs. M. J. Beril. Mrs. W. C.
Price, Mrs. F. A. Berlin, Mrs. W. C. Rob
ertson and Mrs. Benjamin Harvey— and
one son. Rev. Calvert C. Smoot of Eu
gene Or. The funeral will take plac*
Wednesday afternoon from Centennial
Presbyterian Church. East Oakland. It
will be under the auspices of the Ma
sons, to which order the deceased be
longed.
LINCOLN'S BIRTHDAY
IS HELD IN MEMORY
SCHOOL CHILDREN SHOW HON
OR TO GREAT PRESIDENT.
Patriotic Literary and Musical Exer
cises in Many of the Schools
of This City.
Lincoln's birthday was held In remein-
brance yesterday afternoon in all the pri
mary and grammar schools of the city.
A thousand teachers and 30,000 pupils
united in songs, speeches and reminis
cences of the life and character of the
great President. Comrades of the several
posts of the Grand Army of the Republic
visited the different schools and told the
children of the civil war, the struggle for
the preservation of the Union and the
emancipation of the slaves.
At the Lincoln Grammar School, James
T. Hamilton principal, the popular spirit
of patriotic enthusiasm was shown to the
highest degree. Principal Hamilton, vho
fought in the war of the rebellion, had the
statue of Lincoln tastefully draped. The
various classrooms in the Echool were
also appropriately decorated by the teach
ers and pupils, and literary and musical
exercises were rendered.
Hon. H. C. Dibble. Commander S. W.
Carpenter and M. S. Blackburn of Lincoln
Post, G. A. R.. were in attendance..
At the Mission Grammar School, Miss
Kate Crowley principal, the ninth grade
of Miss Nelly F. Sullivan and the eighth
grade, taught by Miss May Kennedy v.ii
Miss Jeanette Hillman, united in exer
cises, both musical and literary. There
were twenty-seven distinct numbers oil
the programme.
Patriotic exercises were also held at the
Hancock Grammar School. Miss M. Mc-
Kenzie principal. Colonel Lyman Bridges
of the George H. Thomas Post. G. A. It.,
addressed the pupils upon the character
and example of Lincoln's life.
The anniversary of tho birthday of
President Lincoln was fittingly celebrated
by the Humboldt Evening High School
last evening. Herbert Dam, who presid
ed, spoke feelingly on the effect of the
martyred President's death upon the na
tion. The famous Gettysburg address of
Lincoln was rendered by Charles 11. Cof
fey of the school and H. F. McMahon re
cited James Whitcomb Rlley's poem,
"The Old Man and Jim." with touching
pathos. Lawrence Taaffe, the principal
of the school, made a few remarks and
retold one of Lincoln's best anecdotes.
The Glee Club of the school then led the
audience In singing "America" and the
exercises closed. • .
DELIBERATED WHETHER HE
WERE ENGLISH OR CHINESE
OAKLAND. . Feb. 12.— Galbraith Masters, a bright student at the State Unl-.
verslty, found himself in a quandary to-day when. he appeared before Judge
Hall for naturalization. He was unable to state whether he was an Eng
lishman or a Chinaman. "I was born In China, of English parents," he ln- (
formed the court, "but now, really, I don't know whether I'm. a Chinaman or an'
Englishman, I do not know whether to renounce allegiance to the Emperor of
the Flowery Kingdom or the Queen of Great Britain. Perhaps you know. Judge."
Hla Honor, however, found little time to crack thla complicated nut of complex
nativity, but on the court's suggestion, and to remove any and all doubts, Masters
renounced allegiance to all foreign princes, kings, queens and potentates. The
question of his nativity, however, was not determined.
SAYS HE GETS
FOUR MILLIONS
EVERY MINUTE
John P. Blunts Queer
Hallucination.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Feb. 12.
John P. Blunt, a traveling salesman for
the San Francisco shoe house of Rosen
thai, Feder & Co. and one of the bc^t
known drummers on the coast, was to-<«ay
committed to. the Ukiah Insane Asylum
by Superior Judge Ogden. He is vio.entiy
insane over money. '¦ ¦„ .
Blunts mind became deranged about
two weefca ago while he was traveling
through Oregon. There he surprised ma
friends by announcing that his salary hai
been Increased to |12u0 per month, and ha
invited" about seventeen of his friends to
the theater and dinner, and rolled so h-f'i
that word was sent to his firm regarding
his strange actions. He next started out
employing anybody and everybody, prem
ising large salaries, making out checks
for enormous amount* and telegraphing
foolish orders until his stepson. WiHia:n
D. Wnoater, arrived to take char^o of
him and bring him to his home, at 2033
Cedar street. Berkeley, where he has sines
been treated by physicians. But his
mental condition grew worse, and it was
deemed advisable to have him cart<l t-r
at an asylum. He is a high degree Xla«or..
John Jellinek has asked that a guardrail
be appointed.
Blunt imagines that his salary has kept
on increasing until he now receives $4.tX)0,«
("0 each minute, and he delights in th<; be
lief that he U Bpending it us fust as i. •
makes this imaginary sum. tie deolare.l
before the committing magistrate to-tlay
that he has purchased the Tlvoli and Oi
pheura and is negotiating for the Matdi>n
ough; that he has eighty theatrical ocju
panies an the read, which he will taUc to
the world's fair. When asked by th-*
Judge whether his large wealth did net
sometimes worry him, he said.. "No, not
at all. 1 pay everybody off by check*
every Monday and manage all very we!!.'
One of his delusive schemes Is to buy the
Santa Fe and Southern Pacific railway*
and consolidate them. Thus he comir.Uf*
to talk excitedly about his vrtat Intfrest*.
and If not prevented he sends dispatched
out notifying leaders of bands and owners
of opera-houaea that 'he has purchase!
their holdings. Though heretofore a man
of quiet and gentle demeanor, Blunt now
swears like a trooper. •¦- "•
Although hl» accounts with the San
Francisco firm are unsettled, it Is believed
that these will be found quite correct.
Blunt is to years old and has a wife and
two stepsons in Berkeley. His mental de
rangement is partially attributed to over
work and worry. %
SUPERVISORS
STRUGGLE WITH
CITY FINANCES
Vexed Question Still
Unsettled.
STREET LAMPS MAY BE UNLIT
HEALTH DEPARTMENT'S USE
FULNESS CURTAILED.
Laborers' Wages Fixed at §2 50 a
Pay — Resolutions Allowing Ex
tra Clerks Are Laid Over
for One Week.
The Board of Supervisors had a hand
to-hand struggle with the perplexing
question of the municipal deficit, but the
subject was found to be bo complicated
that its consideration was postponed for
another week. During the discussion sev
eral ways were suggested to make up a
prospective deficiency, which, according
to Supervisor Reed, will amount t0.5211,
000, at a low estimate. Supervisor Tobln
stated that leaving the city's streets in
darkness for the rest of the fiscal year
would help the situation $100,000, and his
suggestion on that point was received
with some favor. It was also suggested
that by stopping street sweeping alto
gether another $70,000 would be made
available, but this suggestion was evi
dently not as acceptable as the first.
Mayor Pnelan called attention to the pro
tested taxes, amounting to $151,000, which
could be used, provided a decision favora
ble to the city is rendered by the Su
preme Court. To this could be added the
$10,000 appropriated for Trocadero Canyon.
"If St. Mary's park fund of $125,000 can
be used," said his Honor, "the city's
financial stringency will be relieved to a
great extent."
Resolutions allowing the Health Depart
ment $35,000 for the ensuing six months
were adopted, but only after considera
ble argument, in which Reed vigorously
opposed the granting of any such sum
while the city was threatened with bank
ruptcy. Reed favored allowing the de
partment a bare $3000 per month, which
Dr. Williamson, who addressed the board,
thought would be sufficient to prepare the
city to resist aTT invasion of the bubonic
plague. Reed argued that there was not
a single cent to the credit of the Health
Board and it was criminal to rush into
debt and make other creditors of the city
suffer. Dr. Williamson thought that the
department could get along on $35,000, but
that its efficiency would be materially im
paired. He said that the reduction would
nave to be met In other ways than by a
reduction of force, as contemplated by
the resolutions.
"We reserve our right," said the presi
dent of the Health Board, "to taaintaln
the offices we have created. We may sus
pend some employes temporarily or main
tain groups of men on half time, but
there are some things we cannot dis
pense with, notably the free distribution
of anti-toxin to the poor, whereby the
mortality from diphtheria has been re
duced from CO to 11 per cent, and the
milk inspection, which has reduced infant
mortality B0 per cent. The Bureau oi
Vaccination is likewise an absolute ne
cessity."
To a question of Reed's as to what steps
he would take to prevent the entrance of
the plague Dr. Williamson said:
"I would crder the burning of China
town."
Dr. Williamson, while expressing him
self as in a measure satisfied with $35,000,
asked the board to increase it If possible,
but promised that there would be no over
draft of the lesser amount, which he was
finally allowed, Reed alone voting against
it. . .
The resolution fixing the rate of wages
to be paid to the laborers In the Street
Department at $2 60 per day for eight
hours worried the board for some time.
It developed that the charter is not quite
clear whether the power to fix the rate
lies with the Supervisors or the Board of
Public Works. Some members took the
lafter stand, but the motion to refer the
matter to that body was lost. Another
motion to refer to the City Attorney for
advice was likewise lost. The argument
took such an unpleasant turn that some
of the Supervisors were compelled to ex
plain that they were not opposed to the
$2 50 rate, but wanted the legal doubt as
to the authority settled. The vote on the
adoption of the resolution was unani
mous.
The Board of Public "Works was re
quested to examine into the present con
ditions, requirements and safety of the
entrances and exits of all theaters, halls
and public places of amusement.
An ordinance was passed to print pro
viding for a free license to persons who,
by reason of misfoFtune or physical in
firmities, merit exemption from the pay
ment of license.
A resolution was adopted providing that
the matter of an ordinance empowering
tho assistant clerks of ' the Board of Su
pervisors to administer oaths be referred
to the City Attorney for his opinion
thereon. The same course was taken with
the proposed ordinance for the issuance
and sale of bonds for the construction of
sewers, hospitals, school houses and park
panhandle.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company was requested to place electric
lights at the intersections of Joost ave
nue and Arcadia stret, Flod and Circu
lar avenues, Sunnyside avenue and Congo
street, Sunnyside avenue and Edna
street, Hearst avenue and Detriot street
Foerster street and Mangels avenue.
The resolution authorizing the Auditor
to appoint four clerks at $100 per month
each, the Recorder a mortgage clerk at
$100 per month .and the Treasurer one
clerk at $150 a month and one at $100 were
laid over for one week.
Resolutions were laid over for one
week providing that the Board of Public
Works be requested to omit the sweep
ing of the city streets one night of each
week; also to notify the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company to omit the
lighting of gas and electric lamps for
three nights before full moon, the night
of full moon, and for two nights after
full moon, for the remainder of this fiscal
year.
The City Attorney was requested to ex.
amine into and report if the $125,000 set
aside by the last board for the acquisl
ton of St. Marys Park properties is or is
not a special fund, and whether It can bo
used for any other purpoae than that for
which it was created.
The resolution authorizing the archi
tects of the Hall of Justice building to
make certain changes in the original
plans at a cost not exceeding ?13,910, pro
vided said changes do not interfere with
the completion of the building by the Pa
cltlc Surety Company, were deferred un
til the next meeting.
¦ The following petitions were received and
referred to the proper committees:
Citizens for a lamp post In the middle of the
block of Thirteenth street, between Market
and Guerrero: North Central Improvement As
sociation, calling attention to the filthy con
dition of affairs in the roadways and among
the nsh markets pn Merchant and Clay streets,
below Montgomery, and requesting the enact
ment of ordinance enforcing the removal of
refuse at suitable hours; Van Ness-avenue Im
provement Club, for an electric light at the
corner of Van Ness avenue and Filbert street;
property-owners, for an electric light at the
Intersection of Turk and Jones streets.
A communication was received from property
owners favoring the granting of the petition
of Qulmby & HarreUon to oontlnue the opera
tion of a quarry in block 9 of the Flint Tract.
BEFERRED TO BOARD OF WORKS.
The following petitions and protests were re
ferred to the Board of Public Works:
Petition of property-owners for the regrad
ing of the crossing of North Point and Web
ster streets; protest of property-owners against
ravine Army street between ¦ Guerrero and
Ix>lore»; protest of property-owners against
the grading of Army street between Castro
and Noe; petition of City Street Improve
ment Company, on behalf of property-owners,
to repave with bituminous rock the roadway
of Post street, between Kearny and Grant ave
nue, and the roadway of Becond street, be
tween Market and Mlgßlonr/ petition of prop
erty-owners to prohibit the dumping of dirt
and rock screonlngs at the west end of Ifenry
street, above Castro, and complaining of lack
of sewer In Tllden street.
A resolution was pasred to print granting;
permlsßlon to Qulmby & Harrelson to explode
blasts on block B of the Flint Tract.
The Board of Public Works reported that the
City Street Imnrovement Company had* been
notified to complete the grading of Bernal
Park; also explaining that the resolution
awarding the contract to sewer Bryant street,
which It had been directed to enforce, had
been repealed by the Board of Supervisors,
EBELL OFFERS
PRIZES FOR THE
LIBRARY PLANS
Ladies Want a Beau
tiful Building.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
IHB Broadway, Feb. 12.
The ladies of the Ebell Society want the
new library building to be worthy of
Oakland. Having taken so great an Inter
est in the securing of a sits they now
come forward with a plan for furnishing
competitive plans for the building, and
they offer to pay out of their own fund
$1750 for prizes fqr the plans. The library
board has been discussing offering $300 for
a prize for the plans, but the Ebell ladies
want only the best work that can be had
by competition, so they have decided to
more than treble the amount of the library
board's offer in order to secure the best
results possible.
The following is the offer of the ladies
and the plan they propose:
To the Library Trustees of the City of Oak
lantl—UtmUmen: Tiil» communication Is made
jn view ol the fact that to your honorable body
Is to be lntrugtetl the duty and responsibility
of erecting a library building, donated to th«
city by Andrew Carnegie, to be built upon a
site purchased by the *übacnptlons of the peo
ple of Oakland through the Kbell SocUty ot this
city.
The Ebell Library Committee has treat In
terest in the architecture of the new library
buuqing. ana believe* that as Library Trus
tees you should welcome every h«h> available,
to the end that the most beautiful structure
possible shall be erected. '
Since both the area of the library site and
tha amount of the building fund ara limited,
the Droblem of how a simple building can be
made a beautiful one requires the best archi
tectural talent, and to obtain the best plans
iulj and fair opportunity should be g-lven all
architects to offer competitive plans and speci
fications for the library buildin* about to be
erected on the lot corner of Grove and Four
teenth streets.
For the purpose of making such competition
possible and that the best Judgment thereon
can be secured, the Ebell Library Committee
submits the following:
This committee, through the generosity oi" a
citUen of Oakland, is enabled to offer prizes to
competitive architects, subject to conditions
herein named.
The first condition is that the most artistic,
beautiful and suitable plans (with adequats
specifications) in accord with library construc
tion, in accord with location and within tha
sum to be expended upon the building:, shall
be the plans and specifications adopted by your
honorable body, and that theae plans and speci
fications shall be purchased for the sum of
JIOOO, to be taken from the Carnegie fund, and
that they shall become the property of the city
of Oakland.
To the most successful competitor, whoso
plans and specifications shall b« adopted and
purchased, and to whom shall be paid JlflOO for
the same, the Ebell Library Committee will
pay a prize of $:,uO.
For the second beat plans and specifications
a prize of $500 will be paid by this committee.
For the third best plans and specifications a
prize of 1250 will be paid by this committee.
A further condition Is made that three Judges
be appointed In a manner hereinafter desig
nated, .who shall constitute a Board of Judges
to pass upon and to decide the respective merits
of all plans and specifications offered: this
Hoard of Judges to determine the kind of
building required, the material to be used in its
construction, the amount of room to be re
served for a children's library, and to give all
other necessary Information; also to send due
notices thereof, and of the prizes offered, to the
principal architects of this State, with an
nouncement of the time and place of examina
tion of plans and specifications, "nd to furnish
this Information to any and all architects who
may apply for the same.
This Board of Judges shall pass upon and
decide upon the gomp^tltive plans offered, with
out knowledge of the names of competitors.
These three Judges, who shall constitute the
Board of Judges, shall be competent, unbiased
men. of recognized ability, versed in art and
architecture, and shall be chosen as follows:
One by your honorable body, one by Prof. J.
B. McChesney. principal of the Oakland High
School, and one by this committee.
This committee also reserves to Itself the
right to limit the ttme within which all plans
and specifications shall be passed upon by the
judges chosen as aforesaid, and hereby namea
May 1, 13C0. as the date on cr before which
all plaA and specifications must be submitted
and passed upon, and plans and specifications
adopted and accepted by your honorable body.
\Vn»n this proposition shall receive your In
dorsement, and upon the appointment of tte
Board of Judges as Indicated. 11501 will be
placed In the Union Savings Bank of this city.
$1250 of which shall be subject to Its order on
May 1. 1900, for the payment of the awards,
and 1230 is to be drawn upon by this Board of
Judges to meet Its official expenses as they
may occur.
Upon receiving notice of the acceptance of
these aforesaid offers and conditions, and upon
the appointment of the Judges as Indicated, this
committee will Immediately appoint a represen
tative to serve on the board, and this Board of
i Judges will at once proceed to its work as
herein set forth, and decide upon the plans and
specifications to be adopted, and award and
pay the prizes herein offered.
Kespectfully pubmlttfd.
# MRS. R. P. GLEASOX.
Chairman Ebell Library Committee.
MRS. FREDERICK B. GINN.
Secretary.
on the first night The tuneful bit of- non
sense will continue until "Manila Bound,"
advertised as a "musical hodge-podge,"
replaces It at the popular Eddy-street
house. s.Vi
Grand Qpera-House.
"Aladdin Jr.," with new songs and feat
ures, is on again this week at the Grand
Opera-house. Edith Mason made the first
hit in the play and was forced to respond
to an encore and u grain sing her new bal
lad, "Since Thou Art Mine. ' Miss Mason
also sang "The Sweetest Story Ever
Told," which Is doubtless her most popu
lar effort. Little Maude Sorensen won the
hearts, of the audience with her "coon"
song, "Don't You Cry,. Ma Honey." Her
buck and wing dancing was perfect. Hat
tie Belle Ladd and a male quartet In "My
Lady Lv" is one of the catchy features
of the entertainment.
Chutes.
Major Mite sang the latest telephonic
negro craze, "Ring Off, Coon," at the
Chutes Theater last night, and had to re
spond to even more encores than usual.
Paul La Croix, a hat juggler, made his
first appearance, and made a hit, as did
also George Bird, programmed as "The
Chinese Ambassador." The latter does
a clever musical act. Valkyra, equilib
rist, Ruth Nulta and her plckanniny,
Blanche Le Claire Sloan on the flying
rings and Doug-lass and Ford, singers
and dancers, complete an interesting bill.
Symphony Concert Thursday.
The musical event of the week will be
the third of the symphony concerts, under
the direction of Henry Holmes, at the
Grand Opera-house on Thursday after
noon, at 3:15 sharp. The programme will
be the most interesting yet presented, and
includes Beethoven's "Corlolan" overture.
Brahms' variations on a theme by Joseph
Haydn, Wagner's great "Tannhauser"
overture and symphony entitled "Frater
nity," by Mr. Holmes himself. Seats are
on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, with an
immense demand.
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13," 1900.
NEW AND CATCHY
OPERA GIVEN BY
THE BOSNIANS
Farce Presented at
the Alcazar.
MOROSCO IS MAKING A HIT
OBPHEUai PBOGBAJOTE FTJXL OF
CLEVER TURNS.
•'Idol's Eye" Is Running Strong.
Moving Pictures of Jeffries and
Sharkey Drawing Crowds
at the Alhambra.
"The Viceroy," by Victor Herbert and
Harry B. Smith, Is the longest comic
cpera of modern times. It had Its first
production at the Columbia and there was
expectancy In the gallery and orchestra
and a display of ftnery befitting the occa
sion. The frills and feathers of the au
dience, however, did not hold a taper to
th«: gorgeous garbing of the sta«e people.
It wts the costumers' night to shine and
he did so in every color of the spectrum.
"The Viceroy" might almost be called a
costume cpera. There Is more to It than
the costumes and scenery, which are both
remarkably good in this production, but
the sense of sight plays an Important pt.rt
la Judging its merits.
The beginning is not happy, either mu
sically or bookishly, ana ruily three-quar
ters of an hour elapsed before there was
a genuine laugh or a sincere plaudit.
When it comes to cutting it down to rea
sonable length— it now lasts nigh unto
midnight — the first scenes may be very
freely pruned without a sacrifice being
committed.
The composer, in his characteristic!
style, has aimed at popular effects, and,
having caught what he thinks will catch
others, he proceeds to rub It In diligently.
Thus wo find the "Tlvolinl" song, which.
by the way, every one was whistling after
the tirst curtain, repeated again and
again. It is as unnew as the latest joke,
but it will lind its way into the phono
graphs shortly, and "The Viceroy" will
be made la spite of anything the critics
may Eay.
1 have had occasion lately to point out
the fact that Harry B. Smith can perpe
trate the most utter trash and call It a
comic opera libretto that mortal man has
ever betm asked to listen to, but he dis
guises his identity in this, his ultimate
effort, and "The Viceroy" is poor in
Smithlsms and in comfortable circum-
Mance.s as far as humor is concerned.
The general grotesqueness of the multi
farious comedy part has much to do with
the laugh-getting, but Mr. Barnabee. who,
of course, has a. proprietary interest in
the opera, has a number of obese lines,
¦which he works to the best advantage. 1
may say here that I refer to Mr. Uarna
»¦<-e's share in the dialogue, and not to his
tnatorcy.
The company has another alcove tenor
in Frederick Knights; and Miss Marcla
Van Dresser, whose voice did not sound so
bad when she was hoarse, 1 find has in
her normal state a very poor voice in
cU-ed. and ehe dues not know how to use
what she has.
Helen Bertram has her personality
with her, and the dash that makes her
go winsome; vocally she is not remark
able in pifts or method, but she is more
than adequate to the company she is in.
Her song in the second act was novel
and <u» she sang- it) very pleasing.
Victor Herbert has not risen out of the
De Koven class, nor does he promise to
do so; his music is typical of the man,
and within its own laws it is good airy
fluff — the stuff that comic operas are
made of: "The Viceroy" has been tried
on us, and to-day we will be telling one
ft-noihrr that U Is really not half bad.
The Bostonians came here with a "Here,
Frisco, Frisco, lie down and be a good
dog; we have an opera to try on you," and
behold Frisco likes It much better than
cth«-r attempts that have been made on
Us digestive organs, ami if I mistake not
the firm of Harnabee & Macdonald has
not perhaps another "Robin Hood," but
certainly another "Serenade." I hate the
"Serenade." POUTER GARXETT.
Orpheum.
There are so many "best bllle" and "best
weeks" at the Orpheum in the ordinary
couree of a year that the expressions be
come worn out. yet they lit the perform
ance this week. The Cushman, Holcon.be
ai:d Curtis trio made a great hit with their
eccentricities and singing. Usually in
f"me vaudeville entertainments that have
confronted the people of this city the fe
male fingers have outcrowed the crows,
and have eet teeth on edge with raspy
throated shrieks; but this was the oppo
site. The woman is a sweet singer and
tl»e men chime in well with her. Thea
there is Frank Coffin in his last week
with hi? best efforts, and Irene Franklin,
with her agreeable songs and pleasant
Fmiles. to top off the musical week. The
Uartons are ameng the best of the kind
ia the coontown sketch, the Ronialo
brothers have d:scovtr»-d a novelty in ac
robatics. Dt-ets and Don bring pome of
the European vaudeville flavor with them
from over the water and Monroe and
Mack are the latest good things in the ne
gro line. Papinta's wonderfully brilliant
lire dance should not be missed. It is a
revelation of grace and color possibilities.
Alcazar.
The farcical comedy, "Oh, Susannah,"
tickled the risible faculties of the large
audience at the Alcazar Theater last
night for about two hours and a half. It
has something of the touch of "Charley's
Aunt" In It. but the dialogue is not so
smart nor the situations so cleverly
worked out. The real central figure in
the piece is the "slavey," and Georgie
Woodthorpe made the most of it. She
astonished every one by her really clever
portrayal of the part and ; was honored
with a ppeeial call before the curtain.
Ernest Hastings, as a young doctor who
married without his aunt's knowledge,
upon which incident the plot, if there be
one. is based, and Mary Hampton, as his
young bride, were clever and kept up the
fun. May Blayney, Laura Crews, How
ard Scott and Stanley Hose, as young
lovers, had little to do. but they did it
well. Margaret Marshall Was the aunt
and Maggie Frances Leavey, the doctor's
landlady. Jeffrey Williams and Forrest
Seabury completed the cast.
California.
Those who attended the performance at
the California Theater last evening were
well repaid, for "An Unconventional
Honeymoon," as presented by the Fraw
ley company, holds the attention from the
rise to the fall of the curtain. T. Daniel
Frawley as Eric Aubrey and Keith Wake
man as Leo, his wife, were the center of
attraction and every bit of the perform
ance, whether laughable or serious, car
ried the audience without effort.
All of the minor characters fitted well
Into their places and came in for their
chare of applause, which was not spar
ingly bestowed.
The management announces that "Trll
by" will not be presented at to-raorrow'a
matinee as previously advertised.
Alhambra.
There was no decrease In the attend
ance at the Alhambra Theater last even-
Ing. The Jeffiies-Sharkey battle has
created a 6tlr among the sport-loving
people of this city, and the latter are tak
ing advantage of the opportunity of see
ing the memorable battle fought over
again by means of the marvelous mov
ing pictures taken by the American Muto
scope and Uiograph Company. As ex
emplar* of photography the pictures are
marvelou*. and as a portrayal of the
memorable battle between the two heavy
weights they are unsurpasße<l. The spec
tators eltp enthralled an the fight pro
cresses and often breaks the *tillness by
voicing: approval of a blow well delivered.
The pictures are a success, and will bo
viewed by thousands before they are
taken to another place.
TivolL
There must be much more in the power
of the magic ruby than the librettist sees
fit to tell of In "The Idol's Eye," now In
lit. flfth week at the Tivoll. for the oper
etta continue* to attract large audiences
and its fun and melody are as pleasing as
Cruelty and Desertion Alleged.
OAKLAND Feb. , 12.— Cruelty and de
eertlon is alleged In a complaint for di
vorce filed to-day by Isabelle M. .Wheeler
against Edward L. Whtoltsr. The parties
reside in Berkeley.
The Mystery of Dust at Sea.
It la a puzilins fact that the decks of sailing
vessels »how dust at night, even If they be
washed In the morning, and no work la dona
during the day. Thl« la Uk« indigestion, which
creeps on one unawares. However It comes,
the only way to cure It is by the use of Hot
tetter's Stomach Bitters, a remedy which never
falls to euro dyspepsia in al^its forms, aa well
as prevents malaria, fever and ague.
X I t t HIIUH t+++++4++++++x
t Don't fmU to try f
I BEECHAfiTS PILLS \
' ' when mvffer lns/ front any bad +
" ' condition of tha Stomach +
J or Liver, T
]! 1O rf ntt «nd 33 roan, nt dru jstorf*, +,
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
9
I. I. BOAK. }3IONEY TO LOA.V.
tAX FIIAJfCISCO CALL.
Bl't-INI-SS OFFICE cf the Ban Ftaneleeo
Call, comer *f Market end Third atreeta, open
cntli n o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery atreet.
corner Clay; cpen until »:30 p. m.
too Hayes rtreet: cr*n until »:S0 p. m.
CSS McAllister etreet: open until >:)0 p. m.
FIB Larkin «tr*«t: cpen until >:J0 p. m.
I*4l MlMion atreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
JWI Uarfcet etreet. corner Sixteenth; cpen
crt.l * p. m.
JW Eleventh etreet: cp«n until » P. m.
SC?f Valencia etreet: cpen until » p. n_
JK3 rc'.k etreet; cren until » p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
?v.rkv rttfftf ; cTwn until 9 p. tn.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6. R. A. M.. m
win meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _i\_
;:-••}. February 13. at 7:30 o'clock. M. jLJ\
M. degree. By orSer of the H. P. /XT
FR AN X LIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO. F. and ¦
A. M— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _«\_
DAY) EVENING et 7:30 o'clock. S\J\
GEORGE J. HOBE. Sec /~ >
PACIFIC Loflge No. ISfi. F. and A. M., ¦
1.1 KMy at, meeta THIS (TUESDAY) __fV_
EVENING. 7:30 p. m. 1 D. X>\
GEORGE PENLJNGTON, Beo. /V^
ORIENTAL Lo<!re No. 144. F. and A. ¦
M.— Flr« degree THIS (TUESDAY) __«_,
EVENING, _t 7:30 o" clock. 15LX
A. S. HUBBARD. Beg
UNITY Encampment No. 26. I. O. O. F. fk J»
—Regular session TO-NIGHT. Patrl- )f
archal degree. _/V
C. F. BRALEY. C. P. XX
PARKER Loflte No. 154. I. O. O.
F.— lnitiation THIS (TUESDAY) __2Sss2_
EVENING. Members cordially
invited. -%«v^*
V. F. NORTHRUP. N. O.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERT of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
rli>t and palmist in the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. 427 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a FpeciaJty; private;
no fe« without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. EDO Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. • W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market tt., opp. Mason.
T. H. MER7-HACH, attorney at law, haa re-
eumed practice at 503 Cal. at., Clunie building.
_? B. CLARK, K^nrr.a Spreckels bldg.. ?27 Mar-
lct Ft. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
THE WALLACE. 544 Van Ncsa aye.— Just
opened; newly furnished family hotel; finest
location; excellent table; rates by the month,
week or day; reasonable.
JsEW family hotel: flrst-cla_- in all appoint-
ments; excellent table; rpectal Inducements to
•elect people. f-\ California at., occupying
corner opposite Grace Chcrch.
••BELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay-Sun-
ny rultes; best board: 2, $J0 up; Blngle. $22 50.
HYDE. 2?? (The £a'l*bury)— Large items
with bnard: en suite or clnrle: reasonable.
lAS PALMAS. IS2O Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3 j
rm*. : private: bath: Fin. rms. ; board optional, j
O'^RREIX, 741— Clean, comfortable rooms; j
rood horre cooking: ar.ecial rate? to gents.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. ?r,4 Mission St.. near Third.
BOOT AND SIIOi: BARGAINS.
X3ABY'S shoes, elzes 2 to < S3 cts
Men's working ehces, extra quality $1 25
Boy'c ehoee, sizes ::: : i to 2 fcj eta
Feople> shoe Store. ICC3 Stockton, nr. Bdway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
X— tiiO; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Stockton Bt. ; eslabl. many years and clearing
above !:.'¦¦ per month. Call rucm 8, i\M Mar-
ket st. R. G. WILKE.
A— tSSO; DELICACY and dairy buslnesa, kept
by present owner for i years; a splendid busi-
ness; offer; place clearing about $.<0 per mo.
1-06 Market Bt.. room t. K. G. WILKE.
A—$4ZGO;A — $4ZG0; CORNER grocery, on one of the prin-
cipal business streets of this city; first-class j
paying; only cash trade; etock all fresh; will j
Invoice the price; a splendid and rare chance.
Particulars, I_ G. "VYILKE, *G6 Market St.,
room 8.
A— s4oo: PARTNER wanted in saloon on O'Far-
rell and Stockton eta. Call R. G. WILKE,
room 8, 906 Market st.
A— s4oo; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Third et.. near Call bldg. R. O. WILKE,
room 8, 906 Market ft.
A— I1S00: BALOON; choice location on Kearny
et.: »plendld business offer. Call R. G.
WILKE, room S. S-06 Market at.
_l— J7&0; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4 j
rooms, on Market st- ; must be aold on ac-
count cf death at or.cc; good business. R. G. I
WILKK. K>6 Market at.
A— 51100;. BAKERY on Polk at.; baktng 1%
barrels: all store trade; daily recelpta above
;::; rent S2S. C-M li. G. WILKE. &06 Market.
A— s39o; FRUIT store, with living rooms, on
Polk Bt. ; splendid paying buslcess and good
atock on hand. R- G. WILKE. 806 Market.
A— tt-J: BRANCH baker}', with 3 living rooms ; j
established 10 years; daily receipts $15; splen-
did location on Larkln st. R. G. WILKE. &06
Market et. . j
A SALOON en water front, with 4 years' lease:
fine fixtures; large etock; rushing business;
r.o better location on Eaat at.; splendid
chance. R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market tt.
A — t;."/.; DAIRY produce a-nd delicacy store,
with 3 living rooma; rent $12; a good-paying !
bualneas. Inquire li. G. WILKE. 806 Market.
A— «SSO; PARTNER wanted in chop and coffee
house: lively country town; place clearing $60 ]
for each Dartner. Call R. G. WILKE. S0«
Market st.
X— BUYERS, ATTENTION!
FOH KALE
A flrst-class tea and coffee store; well ebtab-
llshed; all ca^h trade; good value for the
money. ETENBEHG CO.. 835 Market et.
A— JCOO PARTNER RETIRING....
Remaining partner fine business man, thor-
oughly responsible; dining-room handsomely
furnished; teats I? 9 people; location best near
Market in larpe prominent hotel; owner going
East. STENBEP.Q CO.. 935 Market at .
ATTENTION. SELLERS! ~~ ~ -
List whatever you have for Bale
v ,•;. me. I can sell for cash, I
Tilil advertise It free for you. I
want no exclusive contract. Have
buyer waiting with cash.
K. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
CITY BUSINESS EXCHANGE 79 Third St.
Bargains in e~tloons $200 to $1500
Clpar stores with clubrooms.. $100 to $JOO
Restaurants and oyster houses. ..sl2s to $1200
Rooming houses; 10 to 100 rooms.
Partner; email capital; paying bualnesa.
$2JOO— ELACKSSIITH shop; prosperous country
town; 2 lots; buildings and private dwelling
Included; part cash if desired. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777H Market Bt.
|150— BRANCH bakery and candy store; best
part of the Mission ; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent: riven away. M. LESS. 765 Market. *t.
X — HOME kitchen and delicacies; downtown;
clears $125 per month; for cost of fixtures. PA-
CIFIC STATES REALTY CO.. 820 Parrott big.
A CORNER saloon; centrally located; big bar-
gain. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market at.
$250— FRUIT store: location best; gets good
prices; receipts lIS to $20 a day: owner sick,
must cell. German-American. 24 Kearny at.
FOR eale — Railroad r.alocn. with property,
stock and fixtures, for sale In Paco Roblea.
For particulars addreaa JOHN O. ENGEL.
Paso Roblea. Cal. -^ •
FOR eale— The furniture of private houae. 9
rnomi and bath: elegant furniture; rent $33:
cheap on account of departure. Bee tU
Ml!!Elon_Bt :
$450— PARTNER wanted: good paying, estab-
lished business: no experience required: trial
given: money used in the buclneas. 439 Geary.
ESTABLISHED furniture buaineaa; bargain for
right man; Belling account of elcknesa. Apply
st SJS Broadway.
FOR eale— Branch home bakery and milk de-
put; cheap if sold at once. Inquire Call.'
JIS.OOO— ONE c? the best bakerlea In city for
sale; chop business only. Addreea box BLS3.
Call office. -
FIRST-CLASS c!rar store; central location;
transfer point: big stock; clubrooma attached-
a bargain. Box SSSS. Call office. '
COOD-PAYING corner snloon; 6 rooms; with or
without furniture; retiring from business
115 Ninth et.
FOR fale— Downtown saloon. Apply to Mc-
LEOD & HATJE. SIS Market et.
FOR tale— Branch bakery, confectionery and
notions. 212H Fourteenth at
GROCERY and fear; 4 living rooma and etable;
rent low; reasonable. 455 Clementina st.
f:CSO— CASH or security; grocery and bar; good
location: fine etock; no agents wanted. In-
quire 30 Lily aye.
FISH and oyater house, all complete, cheap;
crood stand; owner elck. 421 McAllister at.
JlOOO OR $2300— Man In physician' a office; large
profiu; interest given. Box 2563, Call.
TO the right man an interest In legitimate.
Crowing bufinefs; small capital required.
SMITH. H Ke_r_j- st.
UUSINES- CHANCES— Continued.
CORNER saloon; near* Market: bargain; cause
going north. MITCHELL & ADAMS. 906 M-t.
TWO fine oil paintings; bargain; suitable for
taloon. MITCHELL & APAMS. 906 Market,
FINE bakery in good location; a bargain thla
day. MITCHELL & .ADAMS. 906 Market at.
GOOD-PAYING bakery on Fourth at.; bargain;
Blcknesa. MITCHELL & ADAMS, 906 Market.
12-ROOM house; a snap - ;*5OO-
30-room house; a bargain s>wj{
A cigar etore; fine location j?i~
A barber shop and cigar store... »»o
A branch bakery; rare bargain Ji»«
A grocery and bar; a snap ...........tow
MITCHELL & APAMS. 906 Market at.
FOR rent-Large basement saloon; fine >°«*{- lon
downtown: newly fitted up; electric "Khtß,
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HENPRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
$500-SALOON and boarding house; satisfac-
tory reasons for selling. Apply 127 Golden
Gate aye., cor. Leavenworth.
BARGAIN for buying or selling aaloona or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers
Journal. E39^ California at., room 1.
SAIX)ON at Third «t.. near Market; fin* trade
cheap if sold at once. Apply Liquor Dealers
Journal, S39H California at., room 1.
A FINE downtown route on Call; in bualneaa
eectlon. 1121 Filbert at.
FOR sale— Reataurant and bar; 20 steady board-
ers
$115— SALOON and grocery: 2 » v '? r rooma;
rent $14; must cell at once. 92m Howard at.
FRUIT Btore: 3 living rooma; large barn; beat
location; owner going away. Apply Call office.
ROUTE cf 844 papers on this paper for aale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
XV. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
1 e n cla f>t. -
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has' been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*üb>cr!ptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Mf.: open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carta and over 150
sets of harness will be Bold at half cost, as
the business must be closed. 1140 Fslsora at.,
near Eighth. .¦. : .-"' : .- : '- % '-
SE"J"OND-HAND laundry wagon; a bargain.
1169 Howard ft. '
ALL kinds of wagoni. buggies, carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, wk & driving horses, lath and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEjTyou become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Bt.; tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard: Uld at 4c.
I STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
I J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Cc. 240 14th
at.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission i 4.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN»'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 116.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR*. A. D. HOWE.
T_e\ World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Hae removed her offices to her residence. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to t-e Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed,
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
i ehe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sand? have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence is kept sacredly confiden-
tial.
Addresa or call. MRS. DR. A, D. HOWE.
Fee, $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, 1061
Seventh aye.. Eaßt Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get oft at
| Clinton station. 2d station from Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS~~jT~jT^WHITNEY. 1104 Market; trance,
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; etamp forcircular; sittings $1.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader and palmist: all
you ceek to know without questions: readings
this week. 25c. 60c: satisfaction. 230 A. Turk.
i MME A CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
! fortune" teller: best advice in difficult matters.
I t Hayea at., room 7. «econd floor.
I DINSMORE.
Renowned clairvoyant; private sittings: mar-
velous results; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 127 Ellis.
MME MOREAU, the best medium, and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: sealed let-
tera read; 10c; trance sittings dally. 136 Sixth.
! MRS E. L. DAVIS, medium and card reader,
I 1007V4 Market St., rm. 10; ladies 25c. gents 60c.
I EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer,
330 Ellis at.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME- YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
I p. m. ; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME HANSON— PalmlFtry. 10c; card reader;
*>ast, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth, room 12.
CONSULT the lucky medium; fee 250. 349} i
| Minna at.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh at. Is the original
gypgy life reader; readings. tsc.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; alt-
tlnga daily. 212% Blxth at.
YOUR future told by cards. 26c. M 4 Howard
St.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth at.
MME. SYBILLE-^-Cradle to grave; future hus-
band'a picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell at.
CHEAPEST and beat in America— The Weekly
CaU, 16 pages, aent to any addresa In the
T7nlt»d Ptate*. postpaid, for $1 PT rear.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less auccesef ul. Room 810. 927 Market at.
COTTAGES TO . LET.
COTTAGE. '4 rooma, modern improvements;
sunny yard; cellar. 1889 O'Farrell at,
FELL, 291— Nice 3-rocm cottage; yard and baae-
ment; rent $12.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage 4 rooma; water
free. 103 Collins st., near Geary.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
4EB GEARY— First-claaa dressmaker, direct
from Boaton. would like engagements; beat of
referencea.
S. F. Dresamaklng, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 205 Van Nesa.
PARISIAN dreasmaklng. 387 Geary it.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. clasFea. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moff at.
DENTISTS.
A FULL eet of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full act of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; ace our flesh-colored platea. thinner
and etronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, EOc; crowns, $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lora. 24 Sixth st •¦ . '-¦ ¦• ..'
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at., ex-
tracta and fills teeth painlessly by hia won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 firat
prtzea; no etudenta; guaranteed 12 yeara.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market at., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fllllnga a
specialty; all work reasonable; gaa given.
PARIS Dental Parlora, 235 Kearny, cor. Buah—
Full act of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia; dental
work reaa.; painless extraction; hours 9 to 5.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
daya. 1001 Market at., corner Blxth.
LOWEST prices in 8. F.; work warranted 10
yeara. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mlaalon. cor. 6th.
PET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, Utl Polk «C
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T S. HIGGINS' dental parlora, 9*7
Market at., over Cafe ZVinkand— Teeth extract-
ed' without pain/ by use of electricity, gaa or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 E0 up; open evenings and Sundaya.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket at., cor. 4th. rm. 7 Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without platea our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; platea, extractiona free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundaya. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
OHIO Dental Parlora, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tora; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
EDUCATIONAL. .
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post at., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languagea, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engln-
eerlng, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and awimming
for young men. young ladles and boys; uuperb
. gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
salt water and swimming tank. _. M. C. A..
Mason and Ellis ata. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend." ___
JOSEPH GREVEN. Instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong voices from the smallest ana
faultiest in short time. 1236 Market St.. r. 121.
BOOKKEEPING^-Nelther time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood . bldg.
ALL students but two taking full courv?
this year got nositlona. BAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market at.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. survey, asyay. archl.; day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writ-
ing, etc.: day or night; $5 month. 1024 Mls-
Blon Bt.. near Sixth.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a spe-
cialty; English. Spanish. 337 Phelan bldg.
LAW schools. 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
CIVIL- service coaching; day, evening. San
Francisco Business College. 1236 Market at.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. success-
ful teacher. 1008 Mission; best methods.results.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFlllppe's Acad-
emy of languages,32o Post ;est,lB7l ;ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable termaj
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50; send for catalogue.
CLASSES in German, French. ¦ Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languagea. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927- Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A~TAPANESE - and~Chinese employment office.
No 30 Geary St.. established over 5 years, re-
, moved to 421 Post Bt.. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, 421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 13-1.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
best help. 414*4 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
E3IPLOVMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
NEAT re'flned girl desires situation as nurse;
$15; has best of references. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter et.
CAPABLE woman with a child desires situa-
tion; good cook and houseworker: city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 3£i Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German laundress desires situa-
tion; best of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
COMPETENT Swedish housework girl desires
situation, country preferred, best city refer-
ences; Norwegian cook, good references; also
flrst-class German cook and a number of
housework girls await situations; competent
chambermaid and waitress wants position,
hotel or boarding house, city or country, best j
city references. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323
Sutter st., phone Main 651.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation; good cook and houseworker; country
preferred. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
SWEDISH cirl wishes place to assist; strong
and willing; $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
SWEDISH girl wishes place as nurse or second
work; $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
AN Englishwoman wishes a place to do house-
work. $12 to $15: a first-class cook. Swedish,
understands American. French and German
cooking, with good city references. MRS.
NORTON, M 3 Sutter Bt.
YOUNG woman of fine family, fine writer,
reader, needlewoman, speaking English, Ger-
man and Danish, knowledge of kindergarten
work, halrdressing. manicuring, desires po-
sition as companion, lady's maid, care of
elderly lady, light upstairs work and child's
nurse -or as nursery governess; referencea.
Box 2574, Call.
YOUNG lady would like a few hours' work
a day. Apply BOSH Howard Bt. .
REFINED lady wishes position as housekeeper
or companion to lady. Address box 3511. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a position for
general housework and plain cooking. In-
quire 1414 Lyon St., near Sutter.
YOUNG girl desires a position as seamstress
or lady's maid; flrst-class fitter and modiste;
best city references; no objection to country.
Address box 3509. Call.
AN elderly German lady seeks employment aa
aeamstress, either at home or in families.
10 Colllngwood st. .
YOUNG German lady with a child wishes sit-
uation as housekeeper. 136 Hayes st.
COMPETENT girl to do general housework:
no objection to children; wages $17 to $18;
no postals. 316 Minna st.
GERMAN girl wants a position as cook and
general housework; wages $25. Address 2
Tay 6t., off Clay, bet. Powell and Mason.
TWO neat young girls wish positions to do
general housework. Please call 1630 Lombard
Bt., between Gough and Oetavia.
MIDDLE-AGED American lady desires house-
keeper's position in small family: good cook;
city preferred. Call at 630 Golden Gate aye.,
corner of Van Ncsa, room Si.
MIDDLE-AGED, reliable Protestant woman
wishes position in American family; small
washing; city or country- 1530 California at.
WOMAN wishes work by the day washing or'
ironing. 520 Stockton St., corner of Pine.
EXPERIENCED German girl would like to go
to Europe; Germany preferred; care for In-
valid or children: beat referencea. A. 8.,
2705, Call office, Oakland.
GERMAN woman; first-class cook; good
carver: take full charge of a hotel, clubhouse
or delicacy kitchen: best references; country
preferred. 108 Sixth at.
COMPETENT first-class cook. French and Ger-
man, wishes position; private; city or coun-
try; references; wages $30. Box 3516, Call.
GERMAN girl; general housework and plain
cooking; wages $20. 1022 Latkln at.
RELIABLE young Swedish woman with a child
wishes a position; city or country; housekeep-
ing; references. Call at 713V_ Bush st.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a situation
aa nurae girl. Please call tiy% Natoma at..
between Flrat • and Seoond.
WOMAN wants work by the day; no cards.
CaU at 624 Cheatnut, bet. Mason and Taylor.
WANTED — Engagements by a hair specialist
to treat persona at their, homea for falling
hair, dandruff, gray hair and eczema: beat of
references and all work guaranteed. Box 3594.
Call office. .
GERMAN lady, good cook, would like a posi-
tion in country; haa referencea. Box 2572, Call.
GOOD vraaher wlahea flannels or plain family
.washing. Apply 105 Prospect place, off Sac-
ramento at., near Powell.
STRONG; willing young lady from the country
wishes housework by the day; $1 day and car-
fare. Box 2575, Call office.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
p ments by ladies in confinement. MRS. WOL-
* TER. 132 Sixth Bt. .
LADIES' tailoring — Fancy waists and skirts of
all kinds at reasonable prices. 120 Turk at.
I WOULD like to find some kindly person to
assist me through my Journey in life; city or
country. Address box 2726, Call, Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third et.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms;. 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bua
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200^illmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsementa and
. subscriptions, haa been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-aecond and Ken-
tucky ata.: open until 9 p. m. : •
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call;. 16 pages, sent to any addrets ' In the
: Unite, gtates, postpaid, for {1 per y^ar.jpjjW ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
BARKEEPER, experienced man. beat city
references, desires employment. Address let-
tera G. Dt. 209 Valencia at. _____
SITUATION wanted by young man at house-
cleaning or any other kind of work by the
day; best city reference. . Box 8510. Call.
YOUNO man will give $20 for a steady poal-
tlon. Box 3575. . Call. '
GOOD boy wanta a position as errand or bell-
boy. Addresa 1011 Minna at,
YOUNG man would like to take leaaons on hair
dying, manicuring and bleaching; -will pay
for same. Addresa box 8515. Call office.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 122 a Polk at.; open until 9 p. m.
SITUATION wanted by good, steady, all-round
cook; city or country. Address 632 Market
at., room 5, care of JAMES MORSE.'
WANTED— Situation aa cook in hotel or rea-
taurant. Please call or address 52 Second at.,
room 14.
FIRST-CLASS laundryman wishes position In
the city: washer and lroner. Addresa 418
Powell at.
EXPERIENCED aalesman wants position: sal-
ary and com.; referencea. Addresa CHARLES
WHEATLBY. 6«0 Webster at.. Oakland.
INDUSTRIOUS Scandinavian gardener; under-
stands care of horses, - buggies, cowa, vege-
tables, lawn, flowers; in private family; very
useful and willing; references; city or coun-
try. Box 3581, Call office.
YOUNG man. 23, well educated dealres poaltlon
of trust; satisfactory references; varied ex-
perience; bond If necessary. Addreaa box
2554. Call office.
RELIABLE married man would like to take
full charge of rooming-house or private place.
Address J. DAVIS, 223 Minna at.
SITUATION wanted by married man; work of
any kind; porter preferred. Address P. Z.,
box 7613. CaU office. - •'
BARKEEPER; first-class experienced man;'
beat city referencea. Address letters G. D..
209 Valencia at.
A NEAT Japanese (apeaks Engllah fluently)
wishes position in office or atore; references.
Box 2627, Call office.'
WANTED— Young man _s waiter. New Wash-
lngton Hotel. Fourth and Harriaon eta.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
A BRANCH office for 'the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m. ¦
_.' EXPERT ; OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE. German expert optician.
107H4 Market St.; examination free: German
eyewater by mail. .10c. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET\
A. M. SPECK & CO.. G67 Market st. .
2428 Geary: 6 r $IS|5l<)A Jones; 6 r...514 00
1014 Treat aye.; 7 r. 1712519 Green; 6 r.... 12 50
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
ONE new.' elegant, sunny flat; 8 rooms. 9SO
Pine St., near Taylor.
SACRAMENTO. 1361— New flat of 3 rooms; sun;
yarj: rent $12 60.
SUTTER. 2620^6 — Sunny upper flat; 6 rooms;
bath; modern; rent $25.
$10—3 ROOMS and bath: sunny; yard, cellar.
1008 Natoma St.. near Eleventh. ;
$10—527 GROVE St.; 4 large rooms, yard; be-
tween Latruna and Octavla*
$18— ADULTS; 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
toilet: 2 beds: gay and coal stoves. 1917 Oeary.
FLATS T<> LET FURNISHED.
LEAVENWORTH, 811— Furnished flat; 3
rooms; $15.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, nil sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-131J Stockton
FURNITURE WASTED.
ALFRFV WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
CHAS LEVY buys jour furniture; carpets,
piano. 1133 Market St.: telephone Jessie 761.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry _: Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 33.M.
WANTED— The furniture and carpets for 5 or
6 rooms. Box 2632. Call.
HELP WANTED AGEXTS.
LADY agents to sell rapid selling household ar-
ticle. 123 California, r. 20, bet. 4 and 5 p. m.
FREE samples; good pay to good workers. Call
10 to 3, 765" Market St., room 9.
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. -N.
ODELL. 206 Kearny »t.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
A— THREE cooks, $35 and $30; housework, Oak-
land, <$25; Alameda. $25; Berkeley, $25; San
Mateo, $25; I<J second girls, $25 and $20; gov-
erness Alameda. $25; infants nurse. $25: 4
nurses, city, $20. $15, $10; hotel waitresses, $25,
$20 country; also hotel chambermaids and
waitresses, city. $20 and $15; German nurse.
Institution, country, $20; young girl, assist, 1 \
child, $10 to $15: 2 young girls, same place as j
second work and assist in general, $18 and $12
per month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress. J25; 6 waitresses,- Pasadena,
$20; 4 waitresses. Santa Barbara, $20; 4 wait-
resses, city and country. $20; waitress. San
Jose, $25; 4 waitresses for new restaurant. $6
week; 2 lunch and dinner, $20; woman cook.
$20; woman cook for springß, $15, or would
take woman with a child.
FAMILY ORDERS
Mother and daughter for general .housework
on a ranch. $30; German nursegirl with city
references, $20: housekeeper and take care of
invalid lady. $20; woman for cooking and
downstaira work, short distance In country,
$23; cook and houseglrl, Newcastle, $20; house-
clrl Martinez, and many others, city and
country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— German or Scandinavian cook, $35,
no wash: German cook. 3 in family. $25, nice
place; 4 cooks, plain wash, $25. $30; French
nurse, $25: infant's nurse, $20: nurse for
Santa Barbara, $20; 4 second girls, $20, $23;
French second girl, $25; 2 hotel waitresses,
$20 • 4 restaurant waitresses, $5, $6; German
housegirl. $25. Belevedere; 75 German, Irish.
American and Scandinavian houseglrls, $20,
$25, city and country. 3. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter at.
YOUNG woman for light housekeeping; $10
monthly: small, easy place. Call afternoon,
710 Lombard at., cor. Montgomery aye.
GIRL wanted to assist In housework; wages $8;
good home. 2131 Bush st.
WANTED— Young girl to asalst with genera. 1
housework; wages $10. Apply 1424 Clay at.,
near Leavenworth.
FINISHER on panta; ateady work and good
wages. 102-106 Battery Bt. » ¦
WANTED— A : girl for light housework. 1521
Webster at., near Poat. •
WANTED— Young girl for second work. 2016
Buchanan at.
WANTED— FIrst-claaa panta flnlehera; good
pay; steady work. HXVi Kearny at.
FIRST-CLASS helper on coata. THOMAS E.
KENT. 121 Post at. third floor. ... ¦ .
WHITE shirt operatora wanted at 36H Fremont
st. ; elevator. - • . ¦ ¦'-¦
GERMAN nursegirl: wagea $15. Apply at 120
Broderick at., near Page.
GIRL for light housework; email family; wash-
ing sent out; wagea $12.' Call after 9 at 2329
Leavenworth. at.
GIRL to do light housework and assist with
children. 824 A Fulton at. -
WANTED— Experienced ventilator. S. STRO-
2YNSKI CO.. 24 Geary at. - ¦
FINISHER on vests; must make , buttonholes.
956 Mission at. '
WANTED— Young girl to wait at tables; res-
•taurant; experience not necessary; $4. 680
Fourth at.
WANTED— FIrst-class waUt trimmer: state
salary and reference. Apply box 3313, Call.
WANTED— GirI to cook; 3 In family. 1929 Sut-
ter at., near Flllmore; call from 10 to 12 m. •
EXPERIENCED hand lronera. Standard Shirt
Factory, i corner Gough and Grove ats.- '
GIRLS to aew on buttons. Standard Shirt Fac-
• tory. corner Gough and Grove ata;
EXPERIENCED finishers on ladies' tailor-
mn.de suite. 2012 Fillmore at. :
GERMAN or Swedish girl to do light house-
i work. ; 328 Eddy at.
EXPERIENCED girt for chocolate and bon-
bon dipper; no other. 51- Hayea. '
WANTED-^-Straw hat operators and I trimmer*.'
Apply 29 Second it. HINK, JKN. ICELER & CO,
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
NEAT girl for German and American cookln»;
references; wages $25. 1180 O'Farrell at.
WANTED— GirI to work in an oyster and deli-
cacy store: ' German, with experience, pre-
ferred; one not afraid of hard work. Call to-
day. 412VJ Sixth at.
GERMAN or American girl to do second work,
wait at table and do aewlng. Apply 926
Orove at., bet. 10 and 3. *:;v,*,>
APPRENTICE girls wanted; also presser. 126
Russ st.. bet. Foleom and Howard; rear.
SMART waist finisher for dressmaking; call
before 8 a. m. 411 Mason st.
GOOD German girl; general housework; good
wages; small family. 933 Halght st.. between
Devlsadero and Broderick.
GIRL wanted to take care of two little chil-
dren; must aleep at home. Call 2825 Twenty-
fourth St.. near Bryant.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on • custom
coats; steady work. 744 Folsom st.
GIRL for light housework; eleep horns. 1123
Steiner at.
WANTED— Nursegirl between 20 and 30 yeara
of age: reference. 1458 Page at.
GIRL to assist with light housework anA baby;
wages $8 to $10. 817 Page sL
ABOUT 160 more sewing machine operators will
find good paying work in Levi Straus* _t Co.'a
overall factory, S-V. Fremont at. MR. DA-
VIS, Eupt.
WOMEN and girla on steam power aewlng ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 36^ Fremont at.; elevator.
YOUNG girl to assitt in housework in email
family. 731 Capp st.
WANTED— Woman to travel In the South; no
canvasalng. Addreas H. 8.. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted at 449 Na-
toma et.
WANTED— Ladies and gentlemen to work at
home; good salary. 216V4 Sixth at.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 222Q Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until Ip.m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 684S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
26 farmhands and milkers
$30, $26, $25, $20 and found
6 choremen and boys $20, $15, $10 and found
9 pruners for orchards and vineyards
$30, $26, }20 and found
16 laborers and teamsters, city jobs
$1 75 a day, $26 and found
Gardeners; stablemen; men and wives for
farms
10 laborers for a manufacturing C 0..526. .526 and fd
2 blacksmiths' helpers. '. .
MURRAY & KKADY. €31 and 636 Clay at.
293 WOODCHOPPERS, tiemakers. post and
picket makers for all parts of California; $2 50.
$2. $1 50. $1, 70c cord; ]2c, lie, 10c each; tools
and provisions advanced on some Jobs.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
3 GOLD miners; No. 1 mine $75
25 coal miners; boss here $3 to $3 50 day
6 coal tuckers, to go to-day ...$2 a day
3 firemen for a mine; call early $60
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
HOTEL. Laundry, Butchers' Departments.
6 cooks; 3 waiters; 4 dishwashers; 3 laundry-
men; 2 butchers; porters; $50, $45, $40, $33, $30,
;2">. $2'\ $15 and found.
MURRAY & nr.AOY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 CEAHT ST.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT '.....
French or Swiss fry cook, country hotel, $30
and free fare: second cook and baker. $50;
second cook, restaurant. $»j0; cook, country
restaurant, $50; oysterman, $45; middle-aged
pantryman, $20; 3 first-class hotel waiters;
porter, country hotel. $25
MISCELLANEOUS
60 teamsters, scraper holders, loaders and
dumpmen for the Coast R, R.. Santa Bar-
bara Co., free fare
6 sln_-le-hand miners, $2 50 a day; 2 under-
ground car men, $2 a day, for a quartz mine;
6 men to handle grain, 23c an hour; 2 farm-
ers for Sonoma Co., $17 50. see boss here; 20
woodchorrers, 75c to $1 60 a cord. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
COLORED waiter, country hotel. $35. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
WANTED— Two miners, $2 60 day; 3 milkers,
$30; stage driver, $20 and $25; farmers, $1
day; choreman for ranch. $20: choreboy, $10; 3
ivood choppers, $1 73 cord; blacksmith. $2 60
day; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife, country hotel, $50:
cook, country hotel. $40; restaurant second
cook. $J5 to $30; head waiter, hotel. $35; res-
taurant waiters; night steward. $10 week;
dishwashers, $27 50, $30 nnd $20 and found;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO. 628 Sac-
ramento street.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy, 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WAITER for lunch house from 11 to 1 p. m.
113 Drumm st^
DISHWASHER wanted. Corner of Greenwich
and Lyon sts.; canteen.
GOLD silver and nickel plater; must under-
stand grinding and polishing. 143 Stockton
St.. office 21.
YOUNG man with small capital to join theat-
rical company; also young lady who can sing
and act. Box 2188. Call.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker on coats; to work In-
side. 411'/i Kearny St., first floor.
BOY wanted to drive butcher wagon. 1604
Geary at.
WANTED — Shoemaker to do repairing. '38
Third st. .
CARPENTER capable or framing oil derrick:
apply at once. Big Panoche Oil Co.. 206
Kearny at.
BARBER wanted steady. 797 Mission at.
GOOD barber wanted steady. 1073 Market at.,
near Seventh.
FIRST-CLASS barber for evenings, Saturdays
and Sundays. 947 Fillmore at., cor. McAllister.
COOK wanted. Apply 631 Clay st.
PORTER wanted. 715 Howard at.; call early.
COAT, vest, pants makers. 635 Kearny st. ; call
. parly.
WANTED— A plumber. 2987 Sixteenth st.
WANTED— Bushelmen at tailoring; good
presser. 564 Hayes st.
TAILOR wanted; steady Job. 115 and .ll7 Phe-
lan building.
GORDON press feeders wanted. 520 Market st.,
third floor.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 648 Washington at., be-
. low. Montgomery.
NIGHT man for restaurant Work and take
cash. Bay State Restaurant. 29 Stockto-i at.
FOR sale — 15c barber shop; cheap; good rea-
sons. Cor. Sixteenth and Market ats.
WANTED — An engineer to srun mine hoist;
mut-t be competent, sober and careful; also
1 blacksmith; must be a good tool sharpener
and reasonably quick; steady work. Call on
or address Montreal and Oregon Gold Mines,
Ltd., Ashland. Oregon.
MIDDLE-AGED steady man; useful around
country place; muat be good horseman and
milker; also know plain cooking; easy; long
Job: wages to start. $20 and found per month.
Address box 20. Call office.
TWO tailors wanted at 2820 Greenwich ¦_;
military work.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, alightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission at., between Ist and 2d ata.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeka;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
thla aeason; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the
•world • teaching the barber and halrdressing
tradea. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay at. Branches— San Francisco, New York.
St. Loula, Chicago, Minneapolis.
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book salesmen.
Call upon or addreas Manager, 927 Market st..
room 622. .
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. S. F.
Barbers' School, 741 Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled - while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
JEWELERS.- 328 Bush at., third floor, room 4.
SEAMEN, blacksmitha and carpenter- for
ahlps at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that_ Ed Rolkln. Reno Houae proprietor, still
runa Denver ; House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
........neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market,
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 150 breakfast,
dinner or supper: beat in city. '408 McAllister.
CLASSIFIED advertlaements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch office, 2220 Fillmore at.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AJTJIJVWU _r_-Lj-_|-_.-i i _|-|_n in nn LiT-r-iun_»-_->.-i J w»n_-|-' ¦_-_"'¦ " *-** - '""'-' U ' >J ~'"*'
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bua and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlaements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Folk at. ; open- till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. v
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— -For Sale
40 HORSES for eale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth at.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market at., bst. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. «v.
HOUSES LODGING^ FOR SALE.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS.
62 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 $1?00
24 rooms: north of Market: clears $125 — 900
11-room house on Bush at 400
7-room house; only 130
Z3 rooms; rent $40 1300
24 rooms; easy payments 800
6-room flat; new 350
32 rooms: corner; only - 1200
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 325
10 rooms; on Taylor st.; worth $800 450
S2 rooma; corner: clears $150 1600
10-room flat: clears $150 500
Corner on Market; clears $400: 104 rooms. 4SOO
Near Call officer worth $2000; 29 rooms 1200
Mod. houae: elev. ; clears $500; 34 rooms.. 6500
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
$600—15 rooms. Ellis. $3300— Corner near Or-
slSOO— 37 rooms, near pheum.
Tivoll. $1250—21 rooms, north
$5500— Sutter, 60 rooms, side.
$SOO— Geary. 12 rooms. ¦.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
21-R. HOUSE, well furnished. Ellis St.. $1500;
23- r. house, board and lodging, Geary St.,
. $2000; 27-r. house, a paying place. $3d>: money
at l'/4 per cent. German-American, 34 Kearny.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy at.; new cash buyer daily.
ROOMING houses all alzea, prices and loca-
tions and business chances of all kinds In the
city and throughout the country: cheap. Pa-
cific States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
BIG bargain; 12-room house: fine central loca-
tion; low rent; paying fine; snap. Pacific
States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott building.
R. H. WINSTON. 1026 Market st.
24 rooms; rent $6: near Market $300
37 rooms; rent $40; only $$00
105 rooms; corner: clears $200; reduced $1500
HOUSE of IS rooms, north of Market: bargain
if sold to-day; sickness cause of sale. Box
2574, Call office.
FOR sale— To be removed, a 2-story house. 2975
Twenty-fourth St.. near Harrison.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooma, for aale;
bargain. 130 Second at. ; no agents.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. Bent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A—PRINTEDIist:A — PRINTEDlist: housestolet: send fJr cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HAVES, southwest corner Devlsadero— B rooms
and bath; modern improvements; reasonable.
SIX rooms: bath. 2532 Pine st.: $16.
LOST AND FOUND.
$TREWARI>^Badge, Market-st. R. R. Co.. No.
91. Please return to 33 Oak St.; no use to any
one but the owner.
LOST — A passbook with the' Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco, in the
name of ROBERT HEASMAN. No. 155-378.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Feb. 21. 1 pair eyeglasses, between 13th
and Valencia to Parrott building. Finder re-
turn to 447 Valencia st. ; reward.
LOST — Cane on Berkeley train, Sunday, 12 m. ;
return, reward. Hastings Clothiers, S. F.
LOST — Diamond crescent pin. Suitable reward
by leaving at 106 Battery st.
LOST — 3 passbooks with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
names of CATHERINE BRIDGWOOD. JAd.
BRIDGWOOD and CATHERINE BRIDG-
WOOD or MARY A. BRIDGWOOD; Noa.
209-1361. ISO-354, 171-BS9. The finder will please
return to bank.
LOST — Gold watch: engraved B. S. on case.
Return to 2230 Pacific aye.: reward.
MEDICAL.
DlCTn7^mirTcoln7"thTonTy^^
physicians and specialists of lons and suc-
cessful practice; private home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: best of care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $3: safe and
reliable; consultation free. 1122 Market st..
between Mason and Taylor: hours, 9 to 5.
DRS, GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge: guaranteed
treatment $5; rafe and reliable cure In one
day; 15 years' successful practice in S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1C07V4 Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases FUccessfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write cr call ar 1023H Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
in confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5; any ailment; consultation free. 942
Post at., between Hyde and Lurkfn.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment, $3.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' apeclal-
lst; guaranteed treatment at office, $5: safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St., the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 111S Market
at.: every case guaranteed: $5 up. . ¦
DR. AND MRS. M. 'WEGENER— Private home
in confinement! 1313 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason at.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALEfiI
BOILERS, engines. 2- hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. tNOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
at., above Sixth.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants.
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. S. F.. CaL
A BEAUTIFUL Marquise pearl ring, cost orig-
inally $33. at $10. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
FOR sale — A young English bloodhound, cheap
Apply at 17 Thirtieth at..
Al LARGE? fine milk cow for aale. 2103 Web-
ater st. '
A — BUYS, aells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St. -
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 60. BACIGALUPI.
£33 Market at., San Francisco.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, aold and exchanged. 1C63 Mission st.
SINGER sewing machine: In good order; cheap.
677 Natoma Ft., near Seventh.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers- plated-
almost new; cheap. 1315 Mission at., near lath.
ANY parties having Angora goata for sale ad-
dress H.. 226 National aye. San Diego. Cal.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and flre and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75 Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
DR. CREELYS C. P. mange cure; by all -rug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 610 Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; S loccmotlves. 220 Fremont.
D St E «S» pants - * 2 73: fin « sult - * 10 - MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes.
Iron _ wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
NEW and cecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. . W. C. .BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 MLsslon.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1» pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — 4000 feet second-hand 1%. 2 or 2H
Inch Iron pipe for water purposes. Address
box 3554. Call office.
SECOND-HAND atereoptlcon. lantern slides
and outfit; must be bargain. Box 3582. Call.
AMATEUR musicians to Join select orchestra.
828 Bush St.. third floor, room 4. _^
SCRAP iron and machinery bought. San Fraa-
Claco Iron Yard. 204 Mission ¦ at.
GOOD second-hand piano: muat be cheap; cash;
no dealers. Box 1502. CaU.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
lihiral advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
i^MtS T Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
at i ttl. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
ANY proposition, any amount: • per cent; first.
j_»_g_A^--r--s& __»
"avoid delay try all others, then ccc me; $30
i>M 000- «pe7 cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mon-
»ii^'?-tkte_ln probate, undivided Interests !n
f.tite, leg_cWnd mortgages bought: advic.
f ?'^Wurnlshed. P. A. Dolan. «32 Market.
ANY amount at « per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gage* undivided interest, real estate la pro-
taf"' mortgages T and legacies bought: no de-
!_y em my terms before doing business e!*--
wherf R McCOLGAN. I« Montgomery, r. a.
"w^ches'le^irV^^llVK^;
hl_h..t price f£ old gold, liver, diamond,.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
A pllno m no removal: »ow rate.: confldenj Ul.U 1.
BON ELLI. Conservatory bldg.. U> Powell st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mor , tß^t 99 a moun°t™
fates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 935.
ON furniture and pianos without KBOWljflttl*
service; money lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and «9. Donohoe building. 11.0 Market st.
MONEY to loan on real estate, notes, checks,
pianos and all kinds of personal property.
DEWING. 75 Chronicle building. <
WANTED— A party with money who will loan
on personal property at 2 per cent per month.
Address box 2739. Call office.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Exchange. 431
California st. ;
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 336 Parrott build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
WILL loan money on uprtsht pianos reasonabU
or buy for cash. Box 2723. Call office.
AT 1H per cent per month, on furniture. 1503
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOU3LEY. 430 Par-
rott bnlldlnj.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000. lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cluco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan hulldlng.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced ptanoa
where th-y can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
iitanos for $S per month, and some good pianos
for S3. $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter ats., San Franelseo. ; corner Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldeic and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 23 and SO O'Farrell at.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and aatlsfy tha
customer.
KNABE planoe: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER &CHA^E^3oO_Farren__^
WE have some very fine bargains to offer you
to-day; cash or payments. MAUVAIS", 769
Market st.
DECKER &. SON, Packard & Boothe Bros., are
tha names to remember when • selecting a
piano. Full line at Ma-ovals'. 763 Market st.
A VERY nice upright piano. $75; also a carload
of fire pianos at reasonable prices. THE J.
DEWING CO.. Flood building.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
plane* • prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st. ¦
tO SLIGHTLY used high and medium grade
pianos: special discounts for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Helr.e Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
SELL for storage— 2 uprights. $75: very fine
Steinway. 5125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
LARGE upright piano; standard make; $125,
call evenings. 1319 Powell st.
W. G. BADOER. 4J2 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. :SIS Market st.
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright: sacriflced.
KEKFFE'S. mi!» • an Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
GOOD uprlsht piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'9. 21C McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap SCHMITZv II
McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
StTPERIOR violins, xithers. old and new. H.
MT7LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Ijtham plac*.
OFFICES ANl> STORES TO LET.
223 Devlsadero; 3 r.. 521 1722 Montgomery ave. s2o
831 Howard: 4 r 151441 Oak: 3 r 23
A. M. BPECK & CO., SS7 Market st.
FINE store and 4 rooms for barber and family
on B St., San Rafael: rent $12. Apply to J.
CORTI. P. O. box 192, San Rafael.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City of
Paris. Stockton and Geary ata.— Elegant new
offices and stores.
STORE. 4 living rooms: good for practical
shoemaker. 3114 Fillmore st.. near Union.
STORE 3 rooms to let. NW. cor. Union and
Leavenworth sts.. nr. the Union-st. carhouse.
$20— STORE: 2 show windows and 5 large rooms;
adapted to gnv bnsin<»«-. 42? Sixth st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. 61S Geary, nr. Jones.
PARTNERS WANTED.
ACTIVE and honest man with $300— 5400 wanted
as partner for a small factory (household artl-
cles); large profits: cash. Box 3517. Call of flee.
PERSONALS.
W~A7rTE^^dr«sa^or_{RS. AL^-EN^itcDON-
ALD, widow. Addresa box 2568. Call office.
BARBER wants wife, 2S years of age. to live
In mining camp. Address Postofflce box
73.800. Phoenix. Aria.
BELLE— OUDRI ___
19 NOT A LADY.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica. the only hair tonio
that proves really satisfactory. Ssc bot.: Le-
derer's Foamo Shampoo. 5c pkg. 123 Stockton.
ANY lady calling on February 13 to our cloak
and suit department will receive a souvenir
spoon of the battleship Maine; worth while to
come. Eastern Outfitting Co., 13C6 Stockton-
at., near Broadway.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, has the
neatest parlors In town: halrdressin*. 2jc:
manicuring. 25c: Veda Rose Rouge Is the nat-
ural face beautlfler. 5Cc box. 123 Stockton st.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. WM. HEINEMAN. li» Sansome at.
PHYSICAL culture: massage given to ladles
at their homes. Mrs. Wagner. 1013^ Lark'.n.
A FINE suit-to order $10 75 or pants $3 75; our
specialty tn remnants allows us to sell
ch«arer than ready made. L. LEMOH.
1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Stb, prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; 532 Kearny, near Sacto;
also 1644 Market at., under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel 44 Third at., near Market: 100 rooms:
Isc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $3 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
liclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experier.ee. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
JAPANESE Houeecleanlns Co.. 707 Deviaadero
St.. near Grove. S. KINO.
IF you wish full va'.ue for your cast-off cloth-
ing ca____n____C______]___Third^tei : _black4l23.
COLEMAN buys clothing, brlc-a-brae, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. 606 Kearny.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair apeclalists. grow hair
or no pay: book for atamp. 6 Eddy at,
WANTED— OId geld for manufg. O. NOLTE
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. lSir. Linden. Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich tn tone, easy to
work: low price; sample dozen 4x5 and davel-
oper mailed 25c. Cal. Camera Co.. 23 O>«ry.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
PARALYSIS;
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES-
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS:
A^HE X^?fsM I 'LN N At^O^ 3T3 T . 3;
SCROFULA. L^EM^HKIN DISEASE
OLD STANDING pi RONIc' DISEASES.
"%$ Srug# : v I .!* •
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation fr__
DR UJ. BTRATTON. 607 sJt "nd SO^F--.
rott building. (Over the Emporium.) -
D lE_& Mar_ a ? < _^ N T¥^? fflC » «<» ¦ W.id«<£
THE SAN FRAKCISCOOALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1900.
10JESSIE. 634 — Single rooms to-let; $5.
MINNA W7. cerr.er Eichth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, fl per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rocms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 1522— Sunny unfurnished front
ceom with alcove &ad uw of bad.
Maud S Will Be Shown.
NEW YORK, Feb. 12.— Maud S (2:08»i),
for years the queen of the harness turf
and still regarded by many good judpes
as the erreatest trotter that ever lived,
will, be exhibited to-morrow at the Faa'-?-
Tipton sale at Madison-square Garden.
All the rest of the trotting stock belong
ing to the late Robert Bonner will be sold
but his heirs will see that the grand old
mare spends the rest of her. days in com
fort. She is now twenty-six years of age,
but 1b remarkably well preserved, and
can- trot a mile in '2:40 or better. MaudS*
mark of 2:05% is still the best on recor-1
to a high- wheeled sulky,
Mayor Gray of Minneapolis has issued
an order forbidding messenger boya from
entering saloons or wholesale liquor stor«3
or carrying liquors to patrons of the me**
sender "companies. BStt
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
10 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Tclephon* South so, >,_
7T7. SIXTH RACE — Six furlomcß: Relllnjr: three-year-olds: Dtir»«, $400. .•
- — —r~l — -r.r.i_f i» 7TZ. THZ %TZ. 57; iw^ I t
Tim*— l 4 -:»14: Vi, :4«4;.%. .1:1«4. - Good start. Won first thre« drtTln*. Winner, Ckmith
ers ifehlplds' br. gr. by imp. Watercress-Sister to Warwick. Waterwlck was lain« and then
woo. D*vertux was aa OaJJwd tip. Qusto won't 40.
DIED.
Ahlln. Ernest Hoppc. James H.
Anderson. Walter H. Lawler. Pauline A.
Armstrong. Lucy McNeil, Rodrlck
Barnes, William J. McCammon, Irvine A.
Benn. Daniel Mattson. Guss
Blanchard, W. J. Murphy, Thomas
Callahan. William H. Nielsen, Johan H.
Campbell. John O'Connor, Anthony
Connolly. Mare-aret Plant. Hamilton H.
Daly. Cornelius Raphael, Estella
Day. Louise Scott. Robert C.
rmnsmulr. Alexander Shlngleberper, Leah
Farry. John J. Smith. Charles H.
Fernandez. Christina Smoot. Col. rhivld L.
Fischer. Susie E. Swift. Mrs. Anna V.
Gilmore. Michael Welsgerber. Margaret
Hannan. Michael J. Wendt. Anna T.
Heinz. Peter Whalen. Nlchclaa
Hopps, Mrs. Jean- Wlmmer, Mary E.
nt-ue H.
AHLIN— In this city, February U, 1900, Ernest
Ahlln. dearly beloved^ and only eon of Albert
ond Joserb'.ne Ahlln. and beloved brother of
Ulldur, Ruble iuid Mabel AiiHa. a native of
MAERIED
FRASER— WADDEL— In this city, February 10,
IWK), by the Rev. C. G. Paterson, James O.
Kraser and Letltla M. Waddel. both of San
Francleco.
McCANN— HALEY— In San Jose. February 7,
1900. by the Rev. B. M. Weeden, Frederick
W. McCann and Louise M. Haley, /both of
Fan FranclßCO.
Trying to Fix Liability.
The matter of .limitation of liability by
reason of the explosion of the stectm
drum on the Stockton steamer T. C. Walk.
er has been on trial during the past week
before United States Commissioner Man
ley of the United States District Court.
The claims nggregate about JbO.Oto find
the cla'mants are represented by e:gh; or
nin* attorneys. The interests of the nav
igation company are represented by Ar
thur Lcvinsky and William Nutter of
Stockton. It is said that thus far the evi
dence shows that the owners had no
knowledge of any defect and that "C.ml
alone can tell how It happened." The
case is being closely watched by shipping
men.
BIRTHS— MARffIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEI%
OTTO— In this' city. February (. 1900, to th*
wife of D. H. Otto, a son.
AT tS Pecond— Nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms; $1 M to $2 50 a week.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Rues Hotel; t4 rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA. 229 Post. cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
. fr suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water: elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. -1426 Market et. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.lshed rms.. suites, single; aUo unfurnished.
TARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gat*
Bye . Sur.ny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receH'ed at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
CLAY. 1249— Three unfurnished sunny rooms to
rent.' ;
FOLSOM. 965. corner Sixth <The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single: new mgmt.
FOURTH. 225 — Sunny furnished room, suitable
for twq
t KANKLIN. 21 (Newport H'JUse)— Sunny roomi;
bay windows: run. water; gas; $1 25 to J2 00.
CHARY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
HANCOCK Hous*. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming homte; $1 V 0 to $8 per week.
HARRISON, 796. corner Fourth— Lanre front
*unny suite of rooms.
HARRISON. 'Whis — Finery furn. sunny rooms;
bath: latest conven.; homelike; $1 week up.
HOWARD. S2»— Clean, respectable: 25c-fl per
Dlgbt; $1-$S per week: Howard cars to door.
THIRD. 849— Sunny room, complete for house-
keeping; $t per month.
VAN ICBBB aye., 43— Furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; al«o others; very reasonable.
VAN NESS are., 1021— Front sunny parlor
su!te; 2 or > rooms; kitchen; gas range.
HOWARD, 639— *> ice front room for light house,
keeping.
MARKET. IC28 — Two rooms unfurnished or
partly furnirhed; $6 per month.
MARKET. 1658. opposite 10th— Furnished large
•ur.r.y alcove euit, $11; comfortable bedroom
and kitchen. $7.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership.— The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
etyle of lACCHERI & BACIGALUPI. doing
business in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, was on the 28th day of March. 1599. dis-
solved by mutual consent, MR. G. lACCHERI
having purchased the entire interest of G.
BACIGALUPI In the concern.
G. lACCHERI.
O. BACIGALUPL
San Francisco. February 9. 1900.
OAKLAND FURNITURE rOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Bchellhaas. th*
fnrwlturs dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements end subscriptions received.
CLARIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnee. 2200 Flllmore St.
FIFTH, 209 — New house, sunny connecting
rooms; 2 beds; kitchen with range; other rms.
FIFTH. BC3— Furnished housekeeping, t, 8 or 4
rooms., $10 to $20; aitso elngle. $4 to $7.
FOLSOM. 729— Housekeeping. $2 up, and single
rooms. $1 up; ail light, sunny.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
FRANKLIN. 1427— Sunny rooms; newly fur-
nished; near to narrow gauge.
$X0 — GENERAL grocery store, stock, fixtures
and all; must sell before February 14; auc-
tion price for quick sale; no better location
In Oakland. ALDEN CO.. MIS Broadway.
BARGAIN— Rich, modern, Oakland home. Mrs.
E. C. Fortler. 2429 Piedmont aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$200 CASH; email monthly installments till
paid for; here's Eomething stood; a lovely
home on Frultvale aye.: recently •built; house
of 9 rooms; bath, pantry, plenty cloeet room;
barn, stable and shed; sanitary plumbing;
water and sewer connections: cars pass the
door; avenue finely macadamized: fine homes
surrounding; S-Etory schoolhouse; price, all
told, 12000; will exchange. Call or send for
circular. 455 Seventh st., Oakland; carriage
free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
FOR $25 cash. $10 monthly till paid for; IOOx
256 feet; price. a n told, $590; land on the ele-
vation, E'lpe or In the level valley; excellent
sandy loam soil; plenty of good water; site
and climate the very best; build your home
or let us build for you; stop your outgo for
rent; not far from a fine S-story echoolhouse:
near a 90-foot wide boulevard and electric
railroad; 5 new buildings gone up within 90
days; Westall Tract, adjoining East Oakland;
Call or B-nd for circulars, 455 Seventh st.,
near Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Monday. February 11.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 31 hours from
Crescent City.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 22 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Skipper, 40 hours
from Fisks Mill,
Schr Corinthian. Korth. 24 hours from Blhlers
Point.
BAILED.
Monday, February 11.
Btmr Albion. Ericsson. .
Stmr National City, Dettmers. Eureka.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
BERKELEY" REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Near the university; a thoroughly
well-built house of 9 rooms; all modern con-
veniences; extra large lot; street work all
done; gas and electric lighting.
MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
storage: and warehouses.
PIERC^-RODOLP^VBTorVgT'Md^Io^g^Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. fcor. Powell: tel. Main 5718.
STAULES TO LET.
STABLE of 9 stalls and yard. 82 Chesley st.,
between Seventh and Eighth, off Bryant.
IBWXKG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the bcßt; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c etamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Ch'chester Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.
41S MnntcmtiTV St.. rooms $-¦".«: tel. RE2O.
WANTED— An empty room: party owning their
own house preferred. Box 3508, Call.
WANTED — 2 unfurnished rooms, by mother
and daughter. Address box 3512. Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
GENT wants nicely furnished sunny room in
Prote«tant family; centrally located. Box
SM4. Call.
$::5 ANP UPWARD— Rapidly growing resi-
dence section.
On very easy payments; choice lots in the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and I
rte... Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.; right on
the Purk and the new Nlneteentn-ave. boule-
vard; a number of lots already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly: fine Investments; good
building lots: all ready; lota on o^iclal grade;
macadamized: water pipes laid; plank side-
n h h.-. 6 per cent Interest only. •
PIUCES $f?5 UPWARD— YOUR OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes; elec-
tric cars paes the property: Bee this block at
once. Go to our branch office to-day, cor. II
Ft- and Ninth aye.; price lists, etc.. there or at
our efflce. BALDWIN &- HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
BUTTER. 717— Suite very choice and reasonable;
appreciated if seen; hot baths.
Ean Francisco, aged 4 months and 28 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 103 Juniper street, between
Harrison and Bryant. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
ANDERSON— In San Pablo. February lL 1900,
Walter H., beloved son of Jeanie Anderson,
and brother of William H. Anderson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 19 years 8 months
and 16 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ARMSTRONG— In this city. February IT. 1900,
Lucy Armstrong, a native" of England, aged
70 years. • , • ¦
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BARNES-^ln this city", February 12. 1900, "Wil-
liam Jesse Barnes, son of the late Samuel M.
Barnes, brother of Claude J. Barnes, and
nephew of R. L. C. Barnes, a native of Ala-
bama, aged 22 years 6 months and 4 days.
E7"Frlends are respectfully invited to ftt-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 9:30
o'clock, from St. Peter's Church. Twenty-
fourth and Alabama streets, thence by 10:40
o'clock train to Holy Cross Cemetery.
BENN— In this city. February 11. 1900. Daniel
Benn. beloved brother of Michael, Hugh,
Mary and James Benn and Mrs. John Power,
a native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 23
years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 10074 Natoma ' street, off Eleventh,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BLANCHARD— In Alameda. February 8. 1900,
W. J. Blanchard, . beloved husband of Carrie
Blanchard. Bon of Mrs. J. B. Blanchard, and
brother of George M. Blanchard and Mrs.
Frank Thlbault, a native of New York, aged
85 years 4 months and 28 days.
CALLAHAN— In this city, February 12. 1900,
at the residence of his parents. 1028 Washing-
ton street, William Henry Callahan, beloved
. son of Henry and Ellen Callahan. a native of
Chicago, 111.," aged 29 years. (Chicago papers
please copy.)
C 7 Notice of funeral hereafter. Kindly omit
flowers. No wake.
CAMPBELL— In this city, February 11. 1900,
John Campbell, a native of Sterling, Boot-
land, aged 39 years. (Scotch papers pleas*
copy.)
{CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),' at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Craig & Cochran Company, 62-68 Mint
avenue. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In this city. February 12. 1900,
Margaret, beloved wife of Thomas Connelly,
a native of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged
68 years.
DALY— In this city, February 12, 1900. Corne-
lius Daly, beloved uncle of John, Joseph and
Katie Daly, and brother of the late John unft
Catherine Daly, a native of the parish of Mill-
street, County Cork, Ireland.
|E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from th* parlors
of MeAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Jamea
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DAY— In this city, February 11, 1900, Louis*
Day, a native of Frankfort, Germany, aged
70 years.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DUNSMUIR— In New York. January 31, 1900.
Alexander Dunsmuir, beloved husband of Jo-
eephine Dunsmuir, a native of Nanaimo.
British Columbia, aged 4« years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Church of the Advent, corner Twelfth ave-
nue snd East Sixteenth street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
FARRY— In this city, February 12, 1900, John
J., beloved son of John and Ellen Farry. and
brother of Henry and May Farry, a native of
Lowell, Mass., aged S3 years 2 months and
4 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 160fl Dolores street,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem masa will be celebrated for the re-
pobe of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FERNANDEZ— In this city, February 1L 1900,
Christina M.. widow of the late Colonel J.
L. Fernandez, and beloved mother of Frank
L., Joseph M. and Anthony Fernandez, a na-
tive of Sonora, Mexico. (Sacramento papers
piease cupy.)
inyThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 221S Maaon street. Interment private.
FISCHER— In this city, February 12, 1&00, Susla
X., beloved wife of the late Daniel Fischer,
and mother .of StiUman T. and Leonard
Fischer, Mrs. Harry Burrlngton and Emma
and Birdie Fischer, a native of London, aged
46 years and 3 months. (San Jose papers
please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
GILMORE— In this city, February 11, 1900,
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Catharine
Gilmore, and beloved father of John, Mary,
Catharine, Michael, Annie, Rose. Gertrude
and Robert Gllmore, a native of Ireland.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1614 Lyon street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, corner Bush and Stelner
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
HANNAN— In this city. February 10. 1900,
Michael J. Hannan. beloved brother of Mary
Hannan. Mrs. Daniel Desmond and John Han-
nan of Boston. Mass., a native of Roberta
Cove, County Cork, Ireland, aged 30 years.
Late member of the Marine Firemen's Asso-
ciation. (Boston papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Brendan's
Church, corner of Fremont and Harrison
Ftreets, where a solemn high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HEINZ— In this city. February 12. 1900. Peter,
beloved husband of the late Katharlna Heinz,
and father of Jacob. John, Conrad, Charles
and Henry Heinz and Mrs. William Steln-
hauser, a native of Nleder-Welsel, Germany,
aged 70 years 4 months and 14 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theo. Dierks. 957 Mission street. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HOPPS— In Alameda, February U, 1900, Mrs.
Jeannette H. Hopps, wife of the late Charles
Hopps (of the firm of Hopps & Sons), a na-
tive of Portsmouth, N. H., aged 84 years and
10 months.
HOPPS— In Vallejo,- Cal.. February 12, 1900,
James H. Hoppa. eon of the late Charles and
Jeannette H. Hopps. a native of Somervllle.
Macs., aged 46 years. A veteran of the Civil
War.
LAWLER— In this city, February 12, 1900, Pau-
line Adels, beloved wife of Wilson Lawler,
beloved mother of Wilson, Lois and Frank
Lawler, and beloved sister of Mary Blvleron,
a native of Norfolk, Va., aged 83 years and S
months. (Ban Rafael and San Diego paper*
pleaue copy.)
C 7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
McCAMMON— In this city, February 10, 1900,
• Irvine A., dearly beloved husband of Mary
K. McCammon. brother of J. B. McCammon.
Mrs. T. C. James and the late 8. H. Mc-
Cammon, son-in-law of Mrs. Dr. M. Kltp-
. stein, and brother-in-law of Robert. William
and Matilda KUpetein and Mrs. M. K. Spex-
arth. a native of Illinois, aged 80 years. (Chi-
cago. 111., and lowa papers please copy.)
(£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 267 Church street, near Market. . Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
McNEIL— In this city, February 12, 1900, Rod-
rlck McNeil, son of Mary and the late Rod-
rick McNeil, grandson of Henry and Julia
Tretten, and brother of Henry and Sadie Mc-
Neil, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
1 mouth and 16 days.
|CJrFTlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock.
MATTSON— In this city. February 11. 1900,
Gues, beloved husband of Catherine Mattson,
• and father of Alice and George Mattson. a
native of Sweden, aged 43 years.
MURPHY —In this city, February U. 1900.
Thomas Murphy, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 71 years.
CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1322 Pierce street, thence to Holy Cross
Chur<rh. Eddy street, where a requiem high
mass will b* celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NIELSEN— In this city, February 10, 1900,
Johan Holger Nielsen, a native of Aarhus,
Denmark, aged 26 years and 11 months. A
member of Helga No. 8, Danla, and the Paint-
ers' Local Union No. 73.
(£7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 .o'clock, from Helga's
Hall, 120 O'Farrell street, where funeral serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of Helga
No. 8, Dania. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of H. P. Peter-
een & Co.. 228 McAllister street.
O'CONNOR— In this city, February 11, 1900, An-
thony, beloved son of John and Rosle O'Con-
nor, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month
and 7 days.
PLANT— In this city, February lL 1900. Hamil-
ton Hugh, beloved son of H. H. and Margaret
T. Plant, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year U months and 1« days. (Solano papers
please copy.)
CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
Sixth race— On* and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward; allowances:
TT4 Alleviate 1 99 760 Manzanlllo 101
662 Espionage 94 739 Einstein 94
742 Lucid 99 623 Milt Toung 86
CSS Rapido 101
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Miss Soak. Colonel Root, Hannah
Reid.
Second race — Caxlonlan, TMxle R, Floranthe.
Third race— Sardonic, SUvertone, Perseus.
Fourth race — Daisy F, Tappan, Mortnel.
Fifth race— Frank Bell. Loch Katrine, Su
nello.
Sixth race— Espionage, Einstein. Milt Young.
ROOMS TO. LET— Porn, and Datura.
POLK, 1615— Very nlc« room; young man or
lady; $< per month.
77Or*FIFTH R^CB-Three anda halffurionga; 'two-year-oldsTlPurse. |400.
Time— 3-16 r vi*il 7-16, :42. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. B.
CorricanVb g. by imp. Bassetlaw-Idol. Tarpey is a good one. Sofala, as was expected,
didn't sr-t-away in front. Others will never make turf history. Scratched-On Time MS.
Lilly Dlges IW. *gowlej with Wjrdnyn.^^^^^^^^^^^^
775. FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and up; purs*. J4OO.
Tlme j/ -25%- Vi. :6<H4: %. 1:1514; mll«. 1:39%. Good start. Won firsl three driving. Win
ner E*. Corrlgan's b. g. by Ben All-Hot Springs. Pull In weights fave Geyser the race.
Potente was knocking-. Headwater outclassed. OUnthus cut off on stretch turn. •Coupled
with Potente^ ¦_- _ <>^. > _ r^ J -^ f> _ r^_ r^- o - )^ r »_^^^ J^^
£55 MARRIAGE LICENSES.
.t 1228 Polk St.: cpen until » p. m. Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and Harry C. Closson. 25, 1020 Oak street, and
subscriptions has been established at 10' si Va- Caroline Ruff, 24, Marysvllle.
lencla «t- Jean Solodes, 27, t6S Mission street, and Dart*
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and P Louis U Motronl. l 32!°city t , r and Ellaa Mar»ill. 85,
eubscriptlons has been established at the Clt ..
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- Joseph H. Bender. 25. 1234 Fifteenth street.
tucky rts.: open till 9 n. m. Frances M. Schlesselmann. 21. 347 Haight.
1 — - — = Thomas J. Rowland, 29, 2152 Mission street.
KOOMS TO LET I'urn. and I'nfurn. and Charlotte A. Malmberg, 21. 2148 Mission.
Maurice B. Bonjour. 12. Sacramento, and Eva.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms C. Muller. 20, Eacramento.
»c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and Lenardo Rueso. 32, 206 Vallejo street, ana Ro-
ligfct hous»>k#ei)ir.g; open all night. earla Etrano. 23, 206 Vallejo street. . - •
TEACHERS AT HOME.
Exception Tendered the New Mem
bers of the School Board.
Last night at their rooms in the Mer
cantile Library building at Golden Gat»
and Van Ness avenues the members of the
San Francisco Teachers' Club tendered a
royal reception to the newly elected di
rectors—Denman. Marks, Klncaid and
Casserly. The quarters of the club were
artistically decorated with all sorts of
flowers and green things kindly donated
for the occasion by the Park Commission
ers Every bloom and shrub that thrives
in the park was on show and the club
rooms rivaled the playground itself.
The large crowd that gathered was re
ceived by A. E. Kellogg, president of the
club- Mary Manner, vice president; Mrs.
M M. Fitzgerald, secretary: C C. Young,
treasurer; Miss M. I. Connell. librarian:
Miss Kate Hodgkins, Miss Agnes Regan,
Miss M. L. O'Nell. Miss Sarah Wilson.
Mrs L. K. Burke. Miss Mary E. Donnely,
Miss Hattie A. Leszynaky. Charles A.
Ham Silas White. Mrs. N. A. Wood,
Frank Morton. F. H. Clark.
The programme was aa follows: Robert
Lloyd and Mrs. J. W. Madden, duet and
solos: Elizabeth F. Bartlett. recitation:
Estelle Carpenter, solo: Katherine Black,
solo; Pearl Hossaxk, solo; Miss Jennie
Baldwin, recitation; Langton Madden,
solo.
President Kellogg delivered a hearty ad
dress of welcome and Cecil Mark, presi
dent of the Board of Education, responded
in his usual forceful manner.
MISSION. 1241 — 8 furnished housekeeping
rooms; running water; etove.
PACIFIC and Mason, 8. E. cor.— J larre. sunay
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
POLK, 1?18— Two or three room*, furnished;
cheap; apply before 12 ra.
EEVENTH. 2C2— Suite of runny housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms; large yard.
THIRD. 143 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; first floor; bath. gas.
DIVIDEND AOTICKS
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 6 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the KUauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 827 Market st.. on and
after Thursday, February 15. 1900. Transfer
| books will close on Friday, February 9, 1900,
at 1 o'clock p. in.
E. H. KHELDON, Secretary.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
FOLSOM, 634— Eunny front room and kitchen:
rink, clot-eta, bath; no children; private; $2 50
week.
FOLSOM. 1136—3 ninny rooma, complete for
housekeeping.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900,
by H. H. Egbert.
TANFORAN PARK. Monday, February. 12. 1900—Weather fine. Track fast
OAKLAXD IIOCSK'i TO LEX.
12-ROOM modern residence; furnished or un-
furnished; desirable location. THE McCAR-
THY CO., 64« Market St.. S. F.
OAKLAND Branch Office ot The Call re-
moved to IUS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements snd subscriptions received
NEW DOGS
TO RUN AT
UNION PARK
Midweek Stake of Fifty-Six
Dogs to Be Presented
To-Morrow.
The regular midweek reserve stake,
which Is to be run off at Union Park to
morrow, will be watched with interest, as
a number of new performers will be tried
out for the first time. Among the new
array are Aurora Borealis and Hoot Mon
from the kennels of J. L. Ross; Pasln
Kennels is represented by Rude Awaken
ing; Captain Clarkson has Golden Gartur
in the bunch; Curtis & Sons is represent
ed by Pandora and a sapling out of Way
farer; Bed o' Stone is entered by the
Aeneid Kennels. The hares are running
very strong and the sport promises to be
of the usual high order. Prizes will be
offered as follow b: Winner $50, runner-up
$30 third $20, next three $15 each, next
seven $7 50 each, next fourteen $2 50 each,
making a total of $250.
The probable winners in the first round
are: Chief of the Hill, Singleton, Stone
henge, Wild Monarch, Vulcan, Norwest,
Winning Ways, Said Pasha, Evershore,
Lavender, Admiral Sampson, McKinley,
Beer Brewer, Lord Byron, Rest Assured,
Acememnon, Beauty Spot, Terrona,
Athena, Black Night, Van Knapp, Slim,
Honor Bright, Silent Treasure, Gladiator,
Greenhall, Commodore and Terronite.
Following is the result of last night's
drawing:
Midweek reserve stake, fifty-six entries— J. L.
Ross' Aurora Borealis vs. S. Mahoney's Chief
of the Hill; P. Cronin's (names) Master Gordon
vs Maher & Reed's Singleton; J. McEnroe's
Stonehenge vs. Mfther & Reed's Nellie Bawn;
Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin vs. P. Doyle's
Wild Monarch; Curtis & Son's Vulcan vs. P.
Cronin's (names) Cyrano; J. McEnroe's Nor—
west vs. Captain Clarkson 1 s Blackhawk; P.
Doyle's White Fexn vs. E. Baumelster's Win
ning Ways; J. M. Halton's (names) Briar Root
vb J M. Halton's (names) Said Pasha:. J.
Kennedy's Evershore vs. P. Pringle's Bannock
burn- Pasha Kennels' Rather Artful vs. J. M.
Halton's (names) Lavender; J. McEnroe's
Magic Circle vs. J. McEnroe's Admiral Samp
son- Curtis & Son's McKinley vs. D. Winder's
(names) Risky Attempt; Curtis & Son's Echo
vs Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer; E. & R. Scott's
Lord Byron vs. Bartels Bros.' Border's Best;
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Roundabout: Captain Clarkson's Golden
Garter vs. Aeneid Kennels' Agamemenon; T. J.
Cronin's Arab vs. R. L. Taylor's (names)
Beauty Spot; Curtis & Son's Terrona vs. J.
Kennedy's Wine West; Aeneid Kennels' Athena
vs Pasha Kennels' Rude ¦ Awakening; Bert
Wood's Black Night vs.. Captain Kane's Mira
Monte: Aeneid Kennels' Van Knapp vs. Aeneid
Kennels' Venus; J. Watklns' Merciful vs. Jeff
Martinet's Slim: R. Pringle's Honor Bright vs.
J L. Roos' Hoot Mon; J. Mooney's Silent
Treasure vs. Joe Watkins' Still True; J. Dick
son's Black Bess vs. J. Watklns' Gladiator;
Captain Kane's Greenhall vs. Curtis & Son's
Pandora; J. Kennedy's Right Time vs. J. Wat
kins' Merciless; Curtis & Son's Commodore vs.
Curtis k Son's Terronite.
INGLESIDE PARK.
A midweek stake will be run off at
Ingleside Coursing Park on Thursday.
Following; 1» the result of last night's
drawing:
Connell Bros.' Good Bye vs. E. D. Fallen's
Little T. G.J J- McDermott s Morning Star vs.
E. M. Kellogg'* lowa Boy; R. AHridge's Mas
terpiece vs. H. G. Nlchol's May Herschel; Rus
sell. Allen & Wilson's Charney Belle vs. E. M.
Kellogg'* Lady Gllmore;.. Sterle & Knowles'
O'Hara vs.' Sterle & Knowles' Alita; J. Dean's
Mialmo vs. S. Hendy*s Free and Easy; J Ed
monds' Morning Glory vs. J. Burkes Rich and
Artless; Lowe & Thompson's Fairy Footsteps
vs. Kay Bros.' Ada; F. X. Foley's Alane vs.
Perry's Campania; J. Edmonds' Go On vs J.
R. Smith's Victor; Kay Bros.- Lady Ethe! va.
Russell. Allen & Wilson s Miss Penman; Lynch
& Folkes' Baumlster vs. H. O. Nichol's Yreva;
8 V. O'Neil's Queen Kelp vs. S. Handy's Lady
Hugo; Kaley & Joy's Juliet vs. P. Holden's
Lawton Brigade; E. M. Kellogg 1 s Hummer vs.
Connell Bros. KiHkelly:;j. Walsh's Sweet Ma
rie vs. D. Reardon's Molly R.; J. Strehl's Three
Cheers vs. Connell Bros. Master Morse: Lane
& Thompson's Little Fullerton vs. J. R. Smith's
Victor Queen.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
STABLE SUSPENDED.
New Orleans Judges to Investigate
Evelyn Byrd's Bad Race.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 12.— The stew
ards this afternoon suspended F. C.
Moshler and his stable, pending an Inves
tigation of the running of the mare Eve
lyn Byrd. The mare was a hot favorite
In the second race and finished a poor
third. The weather was rainy and the
track heavy. Avator and Alvln W were
the only winning favorites. Results:
Selling, clx and a half furlongs— Ben Frost
won. Judge Wardell second. Lord Kevllle third.
Time. 1:M&
One mile — Maldstone won. Major Mansor
second. Evelyn Byrd third. Time, 1:47%.
Selling, one mile and a sixteenth — Judge Ma
gee won. Jennie F cecond. Swordsman third.
Time. l:55 J ,4.
Selling, one and a sixteenth miles—Goose
liver won, Rushflelds second. Parakeet third.
Time, 1:56.
Selling-, seven furlongs— Avatar won. Disso
lute seoond. Lomond third. Time, 1:304-
Selling, six furlongs— Alvin W won. Dad
Steele second. Domlnts third. Time. 1:20.
SENT TO AN ASYLUM.
Friends Offer No Aid for Former
Chess Champion Steinitz.
NEW YORK. Feb. 12.— William StMnitz.
who was for many years the chess cham
pion, was taken to the Manhattan c<tate
Hospital for the Insane, on Wards Island,
to-day without any word bavin? been re
ceived from his friends. It is said his wife
is unable to provide for him in a sanita
rium or private institution. He is 62 yeari
old. About three weeks ago he became
erratic, and on Thursday last his wife had
him taken to Bellevue Hospital. He was
declared insane on Friday. Stelnltz was
kept in the pavilion until to-day, because
Dr. Robertson had heard that some of his
friends might have the patient taken to a
private institution. Steinitz retained his
little pocket chess board and some tew
effects which he had when he arrived at
the hospital, and seemed to be wholly dis
interested.
Santa Clara Wins.
Special IMspatch to The Call
SANTA CLARA. Feb. 12.— The Altos of
San Francisco were defeated here yester
day by the Santa Clara College baseball
team, the score being 10 to 3. The college
boys played well and won with ease. Will
Kelly of the visitors carried off the field
ing honors.
Golf Champions Matched.
DAYTON, Ohio, Feb. 12.— Harry Yard/m
of England, champion golfer of the world,
and Willie Smith of Dayton, champion of
America, were matched to-day to play at
Ormond, Fla., February 20.
ROOMS papered, from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
HEGELMAN
LEADS HART
BY A LAP
Nine of the Six-Day Pedes
trians Have Dropped Out
of the Contest.
ST. LOUI3. Feb. 12.— Frank Hart, the
powerful negro pedestrian, lost the lead
this afternoon In the six-day go-as-you
please race in progress at the Natatortum.
but at 11 o'clock to-night was only one lap
behind Hegelman, who had succeeded htm
in the leadership earlier in the day.
Hart gained five miles on Hegelman
early In the race when the latter was
forced to retire for an hour on account of
sickness. . Since he has been back on the
track, however. Hegelmao has dogged
the footsteps of Hart and made the col
ored ' man's life miserable. The terrible
grind has caused nine of the eighteen
men who started in the race on Saturday
night to succumb.
The score at 11 o'clock to-night stood:
Miles. Laps. Miles. Laps.
Hart 208 4 Dean 200 8
Hegelman ...208 5 Day 200 y 0
Ollck 205 12 Campan* ....135 7
Cos 208 13, Graham 173 4
Barnes 206 ol
THE Oaks. 113 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
STOCKTON. 603— Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
Elngle. double and housekeeping.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 25c to $1 60; week, $t to
$£; month. $S to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House. Sl» & 821 Ellis st.— Rooms
night. 25c to $1: week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
ZOROASTER
MADE GEYSER
DO HIS BEST
Close Fits Between the Two
Opening Day at Tanforam
Choices Beaten.
An all-seeing eye watches o'er the des
tinies of. Geyser, or else Ed Corrlgan's
pet would have been beaten at Tanforan
yesterday. By the ridiculous conditions
of the race for which he ruled a 1 to 3
favorite, Zoroaster and Potente, the for
mer only a four-year-old, were required
to pick up more weight than the Corrl
gan entry. In -a hard drive, aided greatly
by the presence In the saddle of Spencer,
Geyser earned the verdict from Zoroaster
by a neck in 1:39%.
In the other events favorites took two
races. The weather was clear and balmy,
and the track fast.
Starting a 9 to 5 choice, Montgomery
made his farewell turf appearance in the
six-furlong spin, third on .the card. After
traveling a quarter, the great sprinter
broke down and was pulled up. Coming
from way back, Jennie Reid, a 12 to 1
shot, ridden by Walsh, finished like a cy
clone, beating QUt Ben Ledi, the pace
maker, a head on the post. Genua fin
ished third.
Sixteen maidens . started In the opening
flve-and-a-half-furlong scramble, with
Isaline closing a slight favorite over Cor
rigati's' Artilla. The winner turned up in
the Cadeau, a 10 to I chance, played down
to 8, which won all the way. Isaline was
led out for the place by Beautiful Bill.
Frank Doss started the fast sprinter
Faustoro in the six furlong sprint follow
ing, and his price was quickly hammered
down from 8 to 5 to 6 to 5. Taking the
lead into the stretch, he won handily from
old Captive; against which 20 to 1 was
laid. Morgan landed Inverary 11, a 100 to
1 shot, in the show.
Barney Schreiber's useful filly Sofala
suffered another defeat in the two-year
old dash. The crowd backed her off the
boards at a short price, and Corrigan's
M. F. Tarpey had the footing over her
all the way. Six lengths behind the first
choice, Intrata ran third.
An awful poor quartet of platers lined
up in the final six furlong run. After a
long, hard drive Waterwick, the favorite,
led Harry Thatcher out a neck, with
Gusto a fair third.
Track Notes.
Only fourteen books cut in. a consider
able falling off from Oakland.
While being galloped on the track Ho
henzollern ruptured a blood vessel, fall
ing dead on the track, Saturday morning.
A bullet ended the career of Montgom
ery. While runnlns in the bunch during
the progress of the third event the once
great sprinter broke down and Vittitoe
quickly pulled him up. An examination
showed the case to be hopeless and a
leaden messenger put him out of pain.
Owner Billy Magrane was unable to sup
press tears at the loss of his old bread
winner. - •
Ben Ledi. but recently purchased by
Garnet Ferguson, was claimed out of the
third race by_ G. W. Scott, owner of Lady
Britannic. The fllly was entered to be
sold for $400, costing the new owner but
$725.
After Faustoro, entered to be sold for
$300, had captured the second event. Dan
Hanlon bid the horse up to $800 on Frank
Doss, getting him at that price.
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Seven furlongs; tour-year-olds and
upward; selling:
784 Melkarth 107 736 Senora Caesar.. .lo2
727 Colonel Root 119 742 Lona Marie 105
760 Hannah Reid.. ..114 610 Jasabel 117
655 Lomo 107 604 Miss Soak 105
Second race — Three and a half furlongs; mai
den two-year-olda:
... Follow Me 118 .... Forbes 1U
743 Intrepldo 115 622 Lily 51mpe0n....115
... Floranthe 115 648 Carlontan 115
...Raveling lIS 662 Moonbrlght 113
... Marion Bonstal..lls' 743 On Time 115
787 Trlxla R Us|
Third race— One and an eighth miles: four
year-olds and upward; selling:
C 93 Lena 103|<644)Charles le 8e1. ..105
770 Coda 103! 753 Pllvertone 108
627 Sardonio 1061 763 Perseus 105
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and upward: selling:
405 Lava tor 100 758 Catastrophe 106
691 Morinel IC4 589 Tappan 103
656 Bishop Reed 10S (859)Dalsy F 109
Fifth race — Six furlongß- three-year-olds and
upward; selling:
... Gold Bug 113 SSJ Anchored 118
746 Frank Bell 119 719 Mortgage 102
... Formatus 104 760 Sunello 104
578 William F 101 ... Loch Katrine. ...lo2
879 Hard Knot 119 760 Los Prletoa Hi
1U Alee 107
NATIONAL
CLUB AFTER
W. A. BRADY
A Telegram of Inquiry Sent
Him — Gossip of the
Fighters.
.Messrs. Brady and Considine. respective
managers for Champion Jeffries and ex-
Champion Ccrbett, are still dickering on
a time and place of holding a battle be
tween the heavyweight sluggers. Last
accounts have it that the contest is to
take place before the Seaside Athletic
Club at Coney Island, and that the Na
tional Athletic Club of this city has been
allowed to go "by the board." The treat
ment received by the local club has en
gendered a great deal of unkind feeling
toward the managers of the alleged cham
pionship battle, and should it ever be held
It is doubtful whether any Californian
will be seen at the ringside unless he is
a relative of one of the principals or vi
tally interested in the outcome of the
match.
The excuse offered by the promoters of
the right that the JioOO was nut forwarded
to the East is ridiculous. The money was
deposited in the business office of a morn
ing contemporary, which was represented
in New York by a daily paper. Both
Brady and Considine were apprised of the
deposit by the Associated Press and
Gibbs. and yet, without the courtesy of
"by your leave," both managers turned
over the coming contest to the Seaside
Club and turned the local club managers
down.
Manager Glbbs has consulted friends,
and they advise him that he has some
rights in the premises and tell him to
keep possession of the telegrams sent him
by Manager Brady. They particularly re
fer to the following dispatch, which was
received by Gibbs last Saturday night.
when everything looked promising for
the fight to take place in this city:
NEW YORK. Fab. 9.
J. D. Gibbs, National Club. San Francisco,
Cal.: If $2000 goes up to-day fight settled for
San Francisco. Try and make It between April
20 and 25. I think If you can draw aa good
a crowd outdoors there will be good money In
pictures. Agreed on Sam Au.«tln as referee.
He to receive $100 from club and both principals
and $200 from winner. Answer fully, naming
date April 25 If possible. W. A. BRADY.
Manager Glbbs has not yet heard from
the East, and last night, on the advice of
his attorneys, he aent the following dis
patch:
William A. Brady, New York: National Club
deposit ud since Friday, subject to order of
Stakeholder Smith. Let u« know by wire what
your Intentions are. J. D. GIBBSv
Tim McGrath. who was a second of
Sharkey in his recent battle with Cham
pion Jeffries, returned to this city on the
overland yesterday morning, bringing
with him Frank McConnell. whom Mc-
Grath trained for his contest with "Mys
terious Billy" Smith. Tim Is full of East
ern ring gossip and has many things' to
say of Interest to the local sporting pub
lic.
"McConnell found that the climate of
the East did not agree with him. said
McGrath, "and he steadily lost weight. In
this State he takes on weight, and when
he. enters the ring at 150 pounds to ngni
Al Neill I am confident he will win. If ha
does, we will try to get a return match
with Smith here. Frank's friends lost a
good deal of money on his recent contest
and we want to give them a chance to get
even.
"The bisr arc lights over the ring when
Jeffries and Sharkey fought made the
heat so Intense that. It affected the acaips
of the fighters and seconds. Jeffries' hair
and mine have been dropping out ever
since then. When Tom broke his rib o.»
Jeffries' right in the fourteenth round he
was sailing through the air trying to
reach the big boiler-maker's Jaw. It was
a terrific contest.
"I think Corbett has a good chance to
get the decision over Jeff, because he ha.-i
been In training for some time and looks
in his old-time form again. He sparred
with McConr.ell several times. They say
Corbett Is a "has been/ but they said the
same of Choynskl. "Has beens' sometimes
surprise everybody. O'Rourke and Consi
dlne treated us well in New York and w*
had a good time, but all are glad to get
back to San Francisco."
Charles Long, manager of the \v estern
Athletic Club and well-known fight pro
moter. Is now in Seattle. It Is said on
good authority that Long intends leaving
shortly lor Cape Nome as manager for
Peter Jackson, Frank Slavin and Fred
Russell, heavyweights well known to ring
follower*. %"*. _ , .
"Jack" Kane and "Jimmy" Lawlor. who
are to fight before the Columbia Athletic
Club on March 1. are to meet at 13^3
pounds. It Is stipulated In their articles
of agreement that ££0 must be pa:d for
every half pound either man is over
weight. As a result, both men are train
ing hard to save the money.
It Is rumored that the National Club s
lease on Woodward's Pavilion is about
due. and that in future that club will hold
Its contests In the new quarters of the
Columbia Club, at Eighth and Market
"Fatty" Blodes essayed to drive a num
ber of sporting men to the training quar
ters of O'Brien and Jackson yesterday.
The result of his attempt at handling the
lines was two breakdowns, broken har
ness and an upaet In a ditch. Blodes Is
still posing as a reinsman of ability.
The next fights to be held by the Co
lumbia Club will be held some time next
week Willie Cole is to box De Coursey
twenty rounds; "Kid" Johnson is to meet
Jack Dennis of the Olympic Club and
"Bill" Peary and "Bill" Condon will box
ten rounds for decisions.
The following communication was sent
to the sporting editor of The Call by
"Jack" O'Brien:
BLANKEN'S SIX-MILE HOUSE, Feb. 12.
Sporting Editor Call: I hay« Just learned
that Frank McConnell Is In town and Is
matched to flKht Al Nelll next month. Why
Mr Nelll should meet Mr. McConnell In pref
erence to me is something I can't quite under
stand. When we were matched a second tlmo
and slcne.l articles of agreement I agreed to
a postponement because Mr. Neill complained
Of an lniury. I did not understand that tha
match was off. I took on Peter Jackson In
the interim and I hope Mr. Netll will remem
ber that I should be given the first opportunity.
Thanking you for your pa»t wirtesles lara,
respectfully yours. JACK O'BRIEN.
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 544 Minna street. Interment Cypress'
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage*. .
RAPHAEL— In this city, February H. 1900,
Ebtella, beloved daughter of Robert R. and
Rika Raphael, and Bister of Jessie Raphael,
a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years and
6 days. ;'; '- ¦'¦:. '¦¦¦¦'
(CFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 10 o'clock, at her late residence. 2414 Fill-
more street. Interment' Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
SCOTT— In this city, February 12, 1900, Robert
Charles Scott, beloved brother of Dr. An-
thony, Walter and Josephine Scott, a native
of San Francisco. • .
SKINGLEBERGER— In this city, February 11.
1900, Leah, beloved wife of the late F. W.
Shtngleberger, and mother of Mrs. Q. Nle-
baum and the late F. W. Shingleberger Jr.,
a native of Eerks County, Pennsylvania, aged
78 years 4 months and 8 days. (Philadelphia
papers please copy.)
- (C7"Servlces at the residence, 1207 Hyde
street, this day (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock. In-
terment private.
SMITH— In this city, February 11, 1900, Charles
11., eon of Edward H. and A. L. Smith, a
native of Gold Hill, Nev., aged 27 years 4
months and 22 days. (Gold Hill, Nev., papers
pleapfi copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at. 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1463 Valencia street. Inter-
. ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SMOOT— In East Oakland. February 13, 1900.
Colonel David L. Smoot, beloved husband of
¦ Laura W. Smoot, a native of Alexandria. Va.,
aged 65 years 4 months and 12 days.
SWIFT— An anniversary masß will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of Mrs. Anna
V. Swift at St. Mary's Church. California
street, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 7 o'clock.
Friends are Invited.
WEISGERBER— In this city, February 11. 1900,
Marsaret, beloved wife of Louis Welsgerber,
and mother of Alfred Welsgerßer, a native of
Auckland. New Zealand, atced 33 years.
IC7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
WENDT-In San Rafael, February 10. 1900.
Anna Theresa Wendt. beloved daughter of
Charles E. Wendt, and sister of the late
Harry Wendt, a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years 7 months and 10 days. • (San
Jose papers please copy.)
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1233 Market street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WHALEN— In this city. February U, 1900.
Nicholas Whalen. a native of County Wex-
* ford, Ireland, aged 66 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services at
2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
WIMMER— In this city. February 11, 1900,
Mary E. Wlmmer. beloved mother of Mrs.
Charles F. Stoffer, and grandmother of
Thomas. Charles, Robert and Elisabeth Stof-
fer. a native of Longford, Ireland, aged 58
years 1 month and 5 days. A member of Third
Order of St. Francis.
(C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 109 Valparaiso street, and thence to St.
Francis Church, where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
TO the officers and members of Empire Coun-
cil No. 47, O. C. F. : You are hereby notified
to meet this day (Tuesday), at the residence,
109 Valparaiso street, for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our late Friend, Mary
Wlmmer. ROSA BRODEKICK, Councilor.
JAMES JORDAN, Secretary.
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to thank our friends who so
kindly and generously extended us their sym-
pathy and assistance during the Illness and
funeral ceremonies of our beloved son, Nicho-
las Perich. PAUL PERICH.
PAULINE PERICH.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1900.
HEAL 3STATB CITY FOR SALU.
baldwST'^howell'! ~^
„.,„„, 10 montgomery st.
pacific heights residence.
$6r,oo— Octavu St.. near Broadway; 2-story
reticence of b rooms and bath; lot 25x157:«;
rents $4S.
BU£INES3 CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
Entire block, bounded by Folsom St.. Treat
2?'*.". ISUI * n<l mh Bls - bfinK offered In sub-
civisloas. Call at office and get diagram; $1200
tad upward.
A BARGAIN IN RICHMOND.
*12. 000— Half block In Richmond district:
fronting vb Point Lobos aye.; graded and street
work partly done. . :
AN OFFER WANTED.
S22So— Rltch St.; 5 flats; rents $42 50; lot 22xS0.
?S^OO — Tehama ft., near Third; S tenements;
r*au $76; lot 50x80.
CHEAP RESIDENCE.
$or>oo— Hayes i;t.. near Lyon: 2-Etory residence;
10 rooms and bath; lot SixlOO.
V CORNER LOT.
$CO3Q— Van Ness aye.. corner: S2:6xlC3.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at K2S Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turl;v «=t!». : Ten till 9 p. m.
A. M SPECK & CO..
667 Market st., opp. Kearnr.
JSO.OOO— Grand corner; 75 ft. front; % block
from Market st.. not far from Sixth; rents ?3Uu.
ITS. ooo— Grand cor.. 60 ft., within tlock of
Baldwin: positively the cheapest property
tdowntown) In the city.
ttS.OOO— Rare Investment: vicinity Powell and
Geary; 4-story brick budding; stores and lodg-
lnp-house above; 26 feet front.
$45.000— Corner; rents $400; modern Improve-
ments; lot 60x125 ft.
t£6,&o0 — Near Eddy and Jones: store and £6
rooms above; modern: pays 7 per cent net.
Jl4,ooo— Sixth St.; 75 feet front; rents $2*oo
yearly; good building; * stores.
$22.500— Third sU, about 826 feet from Market;
rtcrr and lodging-house; terms, H cash.
$l«.6o&— Mission at., near Tulrd; best bargain
on Mission st. to-day.
fli.ooo— Grand Investment; rents {150.
$12.000— SE. cor. Mason and Washington; S2:f
Xs2:€: make offer.
$10,000— S modern Cats; Eddy si; rents $1000
per annum; all rented.
t76iO— Six good flats; rents $969 yearly; down-
town; lot 60 feet front.
{COCO— Post St.; S good Cat* | rents $60; lot
nxiio.
$<uoo— Corner lot near Union Iron Worka; 100
xlOO; fine business site.
$2150— Cor. store and • room flat; rents $37;
foreclosure. *
$1750— Two nice flats: rents $16 M.
$710—4 rqems acd lot 15x31 ft.
X. M. SPECK & Co.. 667 Market st
A. M. SPECK & CO..
M 7 MARKET ST.
Offer wanted: close to Santa Fe ferry site:
SW corner Tolsom and Beale sts.; lot 82: lx
1S7:«, with lrr.iirovemer.ts.
HEW— BARGAIN: large IH-stcry. high stoop,
bay-window cottage; vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate-glafs double doors; handsomely
paneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding stair-
case ar*S 6>^-foot newel post; parlor 14x17;
wainscoted dining-room 11x14; sitting-room
SUxH; wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13;
ceilings 13 feet high; ventilators: plaster cor-
nices: pantry, flass cloeet. etc.; 2 bedrooms
and bathroom upstairs; 7-foot -high cellar un-
der all with double-door entrance under bay;
lot KxliO. with a rustic stable 10x20 at end:
magnificent view; all for tisw; no agents. J.
W NEWTON. IS3I 12Ui aye.. near X St., Sun-
Bet district, 3 blocks from Oolden Gate Park.
MODERN flats — fSSOO; containing 5 and 8 rooms
each: highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences; €31 Waller St., one
Mock from Haieht and Pierce; easy terms.
F. NELSON. Builder.
IT you have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to cell quickly then
call on W. J. GL'NN. £30 California st.
INQUIRE 141 F*ulton st.; fine flats; near City
Hall, within two block*.
SlfvO— "A BAISOAIN" lot 26xS0; Improve-
ments; on Minr.a et. ; Income property;
rented t2> p^r month. Inquire 2254 Bush st.
CHEAP house and lot in pleasant location; on
Twfr.ly-nli'.h et.. near Dolores. C. A. HOLM,
4CS Thirtieth st.
FOH sale, cheap— New 2-etory houses, 7 rooms;
latfst Improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Cartro-ct. cars; patent sidewalk.
LOT 25x100 feet; Mission st.. near JOth; easy
terms; big bargain. Apply CS4 Ash aye. .
JCEW 7-roora house: $500 cash, balance tIS per
mo. THE MCCARTHY CO.. C 4« Market st.
ltiUL k£ftTATB COLMKV For Sale
J. W HORN. SIJ Main et.! Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for fre* list of Sonoma County bargains.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEn.XG.
CALIFORNIA, 2CT3— Sucny room; 1 or 2 gentle-
men: breakfast it desired; private family;
references exchanged.
772. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; maiden thre«-year-olds; purse, $400
Time — 3-16, :1S; 7-16, :42«£; 5V4 f, 1:03. Good start. Won easily. Second and third drlvtnr.
Winner. W. Walls & Co.'s b. c. by Imp. St. George-Mogenl. A bad lot and the dog which
howled the loudest got the bone. Beautiful BUI was there again. Artllla met with hard
luck. La Borgia will do. • Scratched— Lizzie Lone; 107. March Seven 113, Frank Kuhry
112. Mumter 109, Formatus 109.
773. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling;: three-year-olds and up; purse, $400
Time Vi :24V1: H. :48%: %, 1:14. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and /third driving.
Winner F W Doss<& Co.'s br. h. by Faustus-Volturo, Winner was once a rood one.
Captive' ran like a tVo-vear-old. Tlzona quite a shifty "crab." Matt Hogan wearied the
last few yards. Katie Gibbons almost knocked over fence by winner. Scratched— Zlska
86 The Wooer 100. Morella 86, Meadowlark 10?. Loch Katrlne_Sjj._Yaruba, 104.
77*. THIRD RACE)— Sis furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400,
Xime v .24Vi: H. :48%; %, 1:13^4- Good start, won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner R- Hughes' b. f. by E4 Rio Rey-Fonsetta. Winner r»n a phenomenal race. Ben
Ledl rushed too much. Alleviate away none too well on the Inside. Jingle Jingle Is stale.
Montgomery broke down and was destroyed. Scratched— Alarla 98. Maxello 107.
11
SITES
:nd»x. Horse. Weight.' St. to. Hm.
032 Un Cadeau 112 1 ... 14
711 Beautirul 8111.......112 2 ... 2 2
760 Isallne ...107 5 ... 6 H
... Artilla 199 7 ... 5 h
718 Red Cherry 107 6 ... 3 h
718 Mildred Hughe5.... .107 9 ... 41
...La narx1a.. ...... ....112 15 ... 9 1
71S Free Taes 107 10 ... 8 3
7M Caesar Younr 112 3 ... 11
737 St. Germain 105 11 ... 12
... Lona 107 12 ... 13
.678 Tomale 100 11 ... 14
610 Goldflnder 11l 4 ... T 1
723 Bagdad 109 8 ... 10 H
70« La Amiga. 107 14 ... 15
508 Glocoeo 109 Left ...
%m. Str. Fin.
13 ... 13
2 2 ... 2 1
4 >i ... S 2
3 h ... 4 h
• 2 ... t n
5 S ... C H
111 ... 7 2
T 1 ... 8 2
SI ... »S
10 ... 10 h
11 ... 11
12 ... 1!
13 ... 13
14 ... 14
15 ... 15
I I Betting.
1 JocKeyi. [Op. Cl.
Plggott I i 8
Henry 6 t
Jenkins 3 3
Spencer 4 7-!
Helnson 20 40
Ames 20 30
Tullett 30 SO
Klley 19 13
Glover 20 SO
F.. Ross 12 12
Ranch 40 100
Bullman 10 i:
Hennessey ... 12 S3
I. Powell 12 20
Morgan 4> SO
T. Walsh 15 2C
ndex. Horse. Age. .Weight. |St. %m. %m. Str. FJn. | Jockey^ [Op. CU
... Fausturo. 4 107 S ... HS TI ll ll Bullman [8-5 Ts
... Captive, a 106 4 ... 22 I! »H 2 n E. Ross I v
7f4 Inverary 11, 5 IQ7 1 ... 81 81 81 *tt Morgan SO 100
(K3) Tlzona. 3 96 8 ... 7tf 7 8 4 1 4 1 Ph*lan 8 8
(737) Matt Hosan, 8 93 7 ... 3 2 22 2 H 6 2 T. Walsh 5 «
760 Uterp 4 S« 8 ... 6 1 SH 7 1 Hi Ranch 12 20
G42 Silvertall. 8 105 6 ... «tt 4H BH 71 Jenkins f 8
765 Katie Gibbon*. 4.... 98 8 ... lh 6 1 8 3 8 8 J. Walih 8 4
(678) Pontro, 5 109 7 . ... 9 2 » 2 9 6 919 Glover It 20
7<M Manzanilla, 6 101 ID ... 10 10 1012 ID 18 10 20 Henry 30 73
746 J.*w Zara, 3 8« 11 ... 11 11 11 11 Fauntleror -~ 20 7!
Index. How. Age. Weight. | St. Km. Mm. »im. Str. Fin. • | Jockeys. |Op. ci.
753 Jennie Reid. 4 102 » ... 9 £71 H Th T. Walih | 8 U
7C6' Ben Ledl. 4 W«l — lh In In 2 1 Jenkln* 2 «-5
6<7 GenuT 98 3 — ** I 3 sl tn phrt »«> » »
760 Lady Britannic. 8.. 101 4 ...6 1 4h 5 1 4n J. Martin JO 80
647 Alleviate 6. 106 8 .... 5 h 6 1 6 1 9b Henry 6 «
766 Vlorli 4 .'....... 955 ... SI 3 1 4 h 810 J. WaUh 30 60
(7G3) JlnKle' Jlntle. 4 I<H7 ... 73. 7 6 7 8 7 8 Bullmaa 4 9-2
659 El Eetro. 4....V 100 8 ... 8 8 8 t Carter 80 100
(740) Montgomery, a 103 3 ... 4h Broke down Vlttlto« 3 9-5
ndex. Horee. Age. W<Hsht.|St.
C6l Geyser, «... \M 2
661 Zoroaster. 4 11l 1
(725) Potente. 5 112 «
(759) Headwater, 4 1(M 4
(747) Ollnthus. 4 107 5
err White Fern. 4. ......105 2
\jm. %m. %m. Str. Ftn. | Jockey». |Qp. ci.
1 1 2~1V4 T\4 T» 1 n [Sp«ncer 3-10 U3
¦5 1 3 2 IH lh 3 6 Bullman 4 9-2
66 4h 81 JIT. Walsh 8 10
2 h 41 61 SI 44 Vlttltoe 10 23
3 n In S h * H .5 2 B. Ross • •
4 1 Bh ( € I Jenkins 73 100
ndex. Horse. Wclght.|Bt. ¦ Km. **m.
«5S M. F. Tarpey 109 1
(703) Bofala *« J
7» Intrada ¦ 10* * •••
Ida lull «w*n . ••¦•"»¦-- • i\« j
7J6 Wardman l" 3 ? ••• . •••
7« Woeru: 1M J
732 Sublime 100 «
658 Bride A1e.... 10a 1
«m.
Hm.
%m.
25
lta
Vt.
3 1 .
62
_7
%m.
Btr. Fin. | Jockeya. . |Qp. ci.
In Tt Spencer I ft-5 13- ID
2 < 2 6 Bullman 4-5 7-19
3 1 3 8 Vlttltoe 40 75
4 1 4 3 E. Ross 40 BO
6 2 8 1 Henry • •
6 3 SB Buchanan .... (0 ioo
7 7 ' Klley fr> ift>
Btr.
Fin.
I
"index. ¦ Home. Age. Weight. |St.
«91 Waterwiclc, 4 .:.106 4
750 Harry Thatcher, 8.. 1 M 2
€88 Gusto, 3..... ...JOT X
665 Devereux, $ ;..107 I
i»m.
him.
2 n
SI
4
H
Hm.
Km.
2 4
sa
4
1H
Km.
Str.
1 2
32
4
81
Str.
Fin. | Jockeys. |Qp.
In jßullman ......[ \ \
2 S Jenkins S 5-2
I t Vittlto* 8 6
4 E. Ro— 6 S
Fin.
"index. ¦ Home. Age. Weight. |St.
«91 Waterwiclc, 4 .:.106 4
750 Harry Thatcher, 8.. 1 M 2
€88 Gusto, 3..... ...JOT X
665 Devereux, $ ;..107 I
i»m.
him.
2 n
SI
4
H
Hm.
Km.
2 4
sa
4
1H
Km.
Str.
1 2
32
4
81
Str.
Fin. | Jockeys. |Qp.
In jßullman ......[ \ \
2 S Jenkins S 5-2
I t Vittlto* 8 6
4 E. Ro— 6 S
Fin.
ndex. Horse. Wclght.|Bt. ¦ Km. **m.
«5S M. F. Tarpey 109 1
(703) Bofala *« J
7» Intrada ¦ 10* * •••
Ida lull «w*n . ••¦•"»¦-- • i\« j
7J6 Wardman l" 3 ? ••• . •••
7« Woeru: 1M J
732 Sublime 100 «
658 Bride A1e.... 10a 1
«m.
Hm.
%m.
25
lta
Vt.
3 1 .
62
_7
%m.
Btr. Fin. | Jockeya. . |Qp. ci.
In Tt Spencer I ft-5 13- ID
2 < 2 6 Bullman 4-5 7-19
3 1 3 8 Vlttltoe 40 75
4 1 4 3 E. Ross 40 BO
6 2 8 1 Henry • •
6 3 SB Buchanan .... (0 ioo
7 7 ' Klley fr> ift>
Btr.
Fin.
I
ndex. Horee. Age. W<Hsht.|St.
C6l Geyser, «... \M 2
661 Zoroaster. 4 11l 1
(725) Potente. 5 112 «
(759) Headwater, 4 1(M 4
(747) Ollnthus. 4 107 5
err White Fern. 4. ......105 2
\jm. %m. %m. Str. Ftn. | Jockey». |Qp. ci.
1 1 2~1V4 T\4 T» 1 n [Sp«ncer 3-10 U3
¦5 1 3 2 IH lh 3 6 Bullman 4 9-2
66 4h 81 JIT. Walsh 8 10
2 h 41 61 SI 44 Vlttltoe 10 23
3 n In S h * H .5 2 B. Ross • •
4 1 Bh ( € I Jenkins 73 100
:nd»x. Horse. Weight.' St. to. Hm.
032 Un Cadeau 112 1 ... 14
711 Beautirul 8111.......112 2 ... 2 2
760 Isallne ...107 5 ... 6 H
... Artilla 199 7 ... 5 h
718 Red Cherry 107 6 ... 3 h
718 Mildred Hughe5.... .107 9 ... 41
...La narx1a.. ...... ....112 15 ... 9 1
71S Free Taes 107 10 ... 8 3
7M Caesar Younr 112 3 ... 11
737 St. Germain 105 11 ... 12
... Lona 107 12 ... 13
.678 Tomale 100 11 ... 14
610 Goldflnder 11l 4 ... T 1
723 Bagdad 109 8 ... 10 H
70« La Amiga. 107 14 ... 15
508 Glocoeo 109 Left ...
%m. Str. Fin.
13 ... 13
2 2 ... 2 1
4 >i ... S 2
3 h ... 4 h
• 2 ... t n
5 S ... C H
111 ... 7 2
T 1 ... 8 2
SI ... »S
10 ... 10 h
11 ... 11
12 ... 1!
13 ... 13
14 ... 14
15 ... 15
I I Betting.
1 JocKeyi. [Op. Cl.
Plggott I i 8
Henry 6 t
Jenkins 3 3
Spencer 4 7-!
Helnson 20 40
Ames 20 30
Tullett 30 SO
Klley 19 13
Glover 20 SO
F.. Ross 12 12
Ranch 40 100
Bullman 10 i:
Hennessey ... 12 S3
I. Powell 12 20
Morgan 4> SO
T. Walsh 15 2C
ndex. Horse. Age. .Weight. |St. %m. %m. Str. FJn. | Jockey^ [Op. CU
... Fausturo. 4 107 S ... HS TI ll ll Bullman [8-5 Ts
... Captive, a 106 4 ... 22 I! »H 2 n E. Ross I v
7f4 Inverary 11, 5 IQ7 1 ... 81 81 81 *tt Morgan SO 100
(K3) Tlzona. 3 96 8 ... 7tf 7 8 4 1 4 1 Ph*lan 8 8
(737) Matt Hosan, 8 93 7 ... 3 2 22 2 H 6 2 T. Walsh 5 «
760 Uterp 4 S« 8 ... 6 1 SH 7 1 Hi Ranch 12 20
G42 Silvertall. 8 105 6 ... «tt 4H BH 71 Jenkins f 8
765 Katie Gibbon*. 4.... 98 8 ... lh 6 1 8 3 8 8 J. Walih 8 4
(678) Pontro, 5 109 7 . ... 9 2 » 2 9 6 919 Glover It 20
7<M Manzanilla, 6 101 ID ... 10 10 1012 ID 18 10 20 Henry 30 73
746 J.*w Zara, 3 8« 11 ... 11 11 11 11 Fauntleror -~ 20 7!
Index. How. Age. Weight. | St. Km. Mm. »im. Str. Fin. • | Jockeys. |Op. ci.
753 Jennie Reid. 4 102 » ... 9 £71 H Th T. Walih | 8 U
7C6' Ben Ledl. 4 W«l — lh In In 2 1 Jenkln* 2 «-5
6<7 GenuT 98 3 — ** I 3 sl tn phrt »«> » »
760 Lady Britannic. 8.. 101 4 ...6 1 4h 5 1 4n J. Martin JO 80
647 Alleviate 6. 106 8 .... 5 h 6 1 6 1 9b Henry 6 «
766 Vlorli 4 .'....... 955 ... SI 3 1 4 h 810 J. WaUh 30 60
(7G3) JlnKle' Jlntle. 4 I<H7 ... 73. 7 6 7 8 7 8 Bullmaa 4 9-2
659 El Eetro. 4....V 100 8 ... 8 8 8 t Carter 80 100
(740) Montgomery, a 103 3 ... 4h Broke down Vlttlto« 3 9-5To Celebrate Washington's Birthday.
The literary committee of the Garfleld
League has selected Colonel -!!:• I. Kowal
sky to deliver the oration at ihe celebra
tion of Washington's birthday to be held
In Pioneer Hall on February 22. The pro
gramme will also include Thomas ! Hickejr
in a recitation;' "Star-spangled Banner,
by the Alamo quartet, led by Mme. Ellen
Coursen Roeckel, and "Washington s
Farewell Address." by A.. de la Torre Jr.
Mayor Phelan, will be invited to attend the
exercises. •In response to an appeal for
funds the following have generously re
sponded: J. Peterson, $5; T. Carroll, $5:
Veterans' Association, $5; L. J. Etnel,
$2 50; Robert Lancle. $2 50: W. Johnson,
$1; J. W. Clarance, $3; P. Kluhn, $1; friend,
$1; cash, $1; Josephs & Norrls, $5; E. W.
Samuels, $2; J. Brest, II 50; Parsons &
Co.. $2 50; Washington Council." *5; R. A.
Ritter, $1. .
Kilpatrick Will Sue the Auditor.
E. C. Kllpatrick, principal of the Busi
ness Evening School, who was ousted
from his position by a former Board of
Education, has expressed his intention to
sue Auditor Wells for twelve months'
back salary, amounting to $1200, to which
a decision of the Superior Court holds
that he Is entitled. As the -demands were
not filed until last April and other claims
take precedence, the Auditor was unable
to paes them until* moneys received as
collateral Inheritance taxes were avail
able. Wells thereupon informed Kilpat
rick that he would sign six of the twelve
demands on the 61 per cent basis upon
which demands of IS9B were passed. Kll
patrick refused the offer ,and besides
threatening to make a certain exposure,
the nature of which he would not divulge,
announced his Intention to bring suit.
If Duller can cross the Tugela
And canture the slippery Boer,
He'll find that bis name
Will be equal In fame
To that of th« old "Jesse Moored
Come, See.
Handsome Premiums
WJtb Teas
Witli Coffee
Witli Spices
With Baking Powder
Come Just to See.
Great American lmportiiia Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere,
zoo Stores.
PEOPLE WHO FIGURE IN THE MANAUENSE INVESTIGATION
For sleeping in his room when his immediate
and close attention was demanded in the en
gine-room.
•In leaving Manila without having the bilges
cleaned . and . the . dirt removed from the flre
room.
In not ascertaining before leaving Yokohama
that there was sufficient coal on board to carry
the ship to San Francisco.
In causing the vessel to be put Into Yoko
hama for repairs.-
Second— lncompetency, . for not ascertaining
that a fusible plug had blown out of the boil
ers, causing them to leak.
In not closing the Bea-cock before taking the
valve out of the injector, thereby allowing a
large quantity of water to enter the engine
room.
Third — For being intoxicated while on duty
at Yokohama.
Fourth— For lack of discipline generally, and
particularly In allowing: the -soldiers on board
the vessel free access to the engine-room, to
the detriment of the dynamo ar.d other ma
chinery.
On these charges the engineer was
tried, the two witnesses examined yester
day being Captain Barneson, master of
the Manauense, who brings the charges
and John B. Barneson, chief officer of the
Manauense, his son. The owners of the
vessel and the defendant were both rep
resented by counsel, and the trial proceed
ed regularly as bfore a court.
Captain Barneson spent the morning
session and a good part of the afternoon
telling his story of the eventful voyage of
the Manauense. They left here with 400
men of the Thirty-tirst Regiment last Oc
tober. Everything went well until after
they left Honolulu. An attempt was. made
by the defense to show that? some of the
Hreroom force deserted at Honolulu, but
it was shown that of the five who got
away two were returned, so the force was
but three short. The second day out from
Honolulu the Manauense made her best
day's run, and then a few days after that
trouble began. The chief officer discov
ered there was over three feet of water
under the plates of the flreroom. The chief
engineer was in bed at the time, but when
the: chief officer called him he got up at
once and went below. He said one of. his
assistants. Second Assistant Engineer
Dunleavy, had opened a seavalve and it
could not be closed, and the water wai
pouring through. The, pumps were out
of order, and the water had to be bailed
out with the assistance of men from the
deck. Then the bilges commenced to fill
again, and this time the engineer said the
water came from the condenser, which
had to be emptied into the bilges and
then a third excuse was made that a fus
ible plug had blown out and the water
was coming through the leaks in the
boiler. In the meantime it was discovered
that some of the boiler tubes had been
leaking so badly that two of the fires had
been out for four days, although no report
of such a state of affairs had ben made
to the captain. After some time the plug
was found and fixed, the valve was closed
and the condenser was set right, and the
vessel made Manila, =
Before leaving Manila she was thor
oughly repaired under the supervision of
the chief engineer. Captain Barneson
said that he had lost faith in the engineer
by- the time they reached Manila, arfd he
tried to get another man in his place, but
he could not. Dunleavy, the man accused
of opening the valve that could . not be
closed again, was discharged 'at the isl
ands. When the vessel was ready to sail
MAX TANABAUM WANTED.
Mother Who Lost Her Son Ten Years
Ago Anxious to Locate Him.
The following self-explanatory letter is
from Mrs. A. Tanabaum of Peeksklll,
n. y.: ••"-:
PEEKSKILL. N. T., Feb. «, 1900.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call: I
will now tell you my story and the reason
I wish this letter published in your paper. I
have a son by the name of Max Tanabaum.
His age is 22 years, and I have three other
chndr^. Max has been mlsslne for "ten
years He ran away from Paterjon N J..
ten years ago an.l has not been heard of or
«£n until the month of November. He was
Tr^er^n and in New York City looking for
v, but could not flnd us. He was with a
man by th- name of Mr. Cohen, who lives in
mat"rson-53m at"rson-53 Bridge street. He was with Max
all over Patenon and New York City looktn*
for us and he could not find us. so he pub
lished'it in the Paterson and New York pa
peM That is why I know he was looking for
h He m has e frlends by the name of Gus Fuller
who left him. and McCarty. whem he told
he was soiux to California. That Is the rea
son for my writinc to you. If you will do me
The favor and publish this letter I will thank
y °Th<» e papeni! C say he Is a very rich man. He
own* property In Wisconsin and has lots of
money. He came from the West JooklnK for
uV Ous Fuller cays he went to California to
look for us. He was boarding In New, York
Oitv and he went to California.
City anu ie MRS. A. TANABAUM.
423 Central avenue. Peeksklll, N. Y.
The Dunsmuir Palatial Home, Near San Leandro.
known, he announced that he had been
married, and with his bride started on
the honeymoon that has been delayed
for eighteen years.
The couple went directely to New
York. There Mr. Dunsmuir was
stricken with sickness and forced to
take to his bed in the Imperial Hotel,
where he died on the 31st of last Jan
uary. The body was embalmed and is
now in this city, where it arrived last
night, in the charge of his widow and
brother.
When seen last night James Dusmulr
said that he did not care to discuss
the romance of his dead brother's
marriage, but the reason for keeping
it secret was because it was known
that it would not meet with the ap
j proval of his mother. He refused to
either admit or deny that his father's
will contained any provision providing
for partial disinheritance in the case
of such action on the part of his
• brother. Mr. Dunsmuir said that the
deceased was 46 years of age at the
time of his death, and that the body
' will he burled in Mountain View Cem
etery, Oakland, as soon as prepara
tions for tho funeral can be made.
"When questioned concerning the value
of the estate left by his brother Alex
ander, James Dunsmuir said that it was
far over the million mark, but just
how far he was not inclined to divulge
at the present time. He further stated
that this fortune will not go to the
widow. If such is the case the other
relatives of the dead man will prob
ably divide It among them.
Besides his brother James the de
ceased leaves three sisters— Lady Mus
grove, wife of Sir Richard Musgrove,
who formerly occupied a high Govern
ment position at Victoria; Mrs. Lieu
tenant Colonel Houghton, deputy ad
jutant general in control of one of the
Canadian districts, and another, who
Is still unmarried.
The Dunsmuir property consists of
the ownership of the greater part of
Vancouver Island, of the only railroad
thereon, of the Nalnamo and Wellington
coal mines and of sailing and steam
vessels without number, as well as of
immense holdings of city real estate in
Victoria and most of the other Puget
Sound cities. -
His True Love Story
That Is Ended
in Death.
Alexander Dunsmuir
Died During His
Honeymoon.
For Eighteen Years No Word
of His Marriage Escaped
to the Gossips of a
Curious World.
EVENTFUL TRIP
OF THE TROOP
SHIP MANAUENSE
Investigation by the
British Consul.
STORY OF ILL-FATED VOYAGE
CAPTAIN BARNESON BLAMES
THE CHIEF ENGINEER.
Evidence to' Show That the Whole
Trouble Lay in the Incom- ¦ ¦
petency of the Engine-
Boom Force.
The British authorities have the start
of the United States in the investigation
of the transport Manauense. The sensa
tional reports of Lieutenant Colonel Webb
Hayes, who was in command of the de
tachment of the Thirty-first Infantry that
went over to Manila on the vessel have
caused comment by the United States
Government, but they have secured action
on the part of the Government of Great
Britain. Charges were preferred by Cap
tain James Barneson, the master of the
vessel, against the chief engineer, alleg
ing a variety of offenses, and, with the
charges for a basis, W. Clayton Pickers
gill, British Consul for this city, appoint
ed a board of three-~two old sea captains
and himself— as a naval court of Inquiry,
and before this tribunal the merits or de
merits of the vessel will be tried. , ;V
The two sea captains selected are James
Wilding, forty years a master of vessels,
twenty-five of which were spent on steam
vessels, and Edward Perks, as long a
follower of the sea and a man well known
on this coast as an able commander. The
charges preferred by Captain James Bar
neson are as follows: -•'.-. : :
San Francisco, Feb. 6, 1900.
W. Clayton Flckersgill, Esq.. British Consul,
Port of San Francisco, San Francisco. Cal.
Sir: Owing to the fact that Mr. McDonald,
chief enelneer of the S. S. Manauense, under
my command, did on the last voyage of the
vessel, while under charter to the United
States' Go\ - ernment as a transport, allow the
machinery to get in such a condition that seri
ous damage resulted, causing loss of time and
severe criticism of the vessel by the United
States Government officials and the officer com
manding troops on board the vessel; and also
from the criticism and report being forwarded
to Washington and being taken up . by the
press of the country, subjecting the owners to
further loss by the fact that the United States
Government has withheld and is withholding
all charter moneys due the vessel until an in
vestigation can be made, showing where the
blame lies for the said trouble, I most respect
fully ask for a court of Inquiry and desire to
prefer against the said William McDonald,
chief engineer of the S. S. Manauense. charges
of willful neglect, lncompetency, drunkenness
and lack of discipline in the following in
stances:
First— Willful neglect, for allowing ashes and
dirt to accumulate In the flreroom and get into
the bilges and choke the pumps.
Wrichrs Man Yeptable Pills
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED. BY THOC3A\n«
ot persona *ho have used them i ar tZSt
Fire Department and Civil Service.
Secretary Moran Is authority for the
statement that there is no friction be
tween the Civil Service Commission and
the Fire Commission. There will be no
meeting between the two commissions, as
has been reported, to . determine what
members of the Fire Department would
be required to pass the civil service exam
ination. The charter provides that thoße
members of the department carried over
from the old regime do not come under
civil service requirements.
Sea Captain in the Pulpit.
Captain Lloyd of the British ship Ballo
poor occupied the pulpit of the Howard
street M. E. Church last night and deliv
ered an earnest ' address to an audience
composed largely of seamen > from the
ships now In port. Captain Lloyd was in
troduced by Key. J. A. B.Wilson, pastor
of .the church,' and "spoke of the manner
in which he had conducted a religious
ship for. many years at sea. The captain
said that the f crew; always showed -the
greatest respect for any one who had /the
courage of his - convictions and • who Avas
not ashamed of his religion when afloat.
LEAPED INTO THE BAY.
Despondent Mrs. Sullivan Tried to
End Her Existence.
Deserted by her husband and left alone
to battle with the world with three small
children depending upon her for bread.
Mrs. Kate Sullivan became so despondent
that last evening she tried to drown her
sorrows in the waters of the bay. She
was rescued by Officer Hlghtower and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
drunkenness. • ' „ • •
Mrs. Sullivan, who lives at 3 Ellis street,
was deserted by her husband about three
years ago. She is 2S years of age.-and her
oldest child is now eight years old. Since
her husband left • her she has auported
herself and children by doing housework.
When the unfortunate woman leaped
into the bay a passer-by raised an alarm,
which wan heard by Hlghtower. Mrs. Sul
livan's mental ' sorrows seem In some
measure to have unbalanced her mind, as
she refused to permit the matron to re
move her wet clothing. Two of her chll-
UNKNOWN MAN FOUND
DROWNED IN A BARREL
GHASTLY DISCOVERY MADE BY
OFFICER SULLIVAN.
Deceased Fell or Was Pushed Into a
Tub and All Efforts to Revive
« -y- ¦¦¦•¦ Him Failed. ':<: ;
While patroling his. lonely beat on Mis
sion street at 4:30 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing Policeman Sullivan discovered the
legs and lower part of a man's body
hanging out of a barrel used for mixing
mortar. In front of GSI Mission street, near
Third. The upper part of the man's body
was in the water with which the barrel
was partly filled. The officer pulled the
man out of the barrel and whistled for
assistance. A brother patrolman respond
ed, and they rolled the senseless form on
the barrel and endeavored to restore res
piration, for It did not appear that death
ensued. The ambulance was summoned
by telephone, but when ' it arrived the
man was pronounced dead.
The Coroner's deputies were sent for,
and on examining the pockets of the
corpse they found $3 40. There was not a
scrap of writing or any other article to
throw any light on the identity of the
unfortunate. The body was taken to the
Morgue.
The deceased was about 5 feet 11 inches
tall and weighed about 190 pounds. 'He
was dressed as a laborer with blue over-
alls over his .pants. He was about 40 or
45 years old and had dark hair and mus
tache. . .. . ' ' ' - . '
MOTHER AND SON DIE.
j # h. Hopps Walks Out of a Window
in Vallejo and His Mother
Passes Away in Alameda.
News was received from Mare Island
yesterday of the death of James Herbert
Hopps. He was found in the garden of
his residence early in the morning. Death
resulted from a fall out of a second-story
window. Hopps had been the victim of
somnambulism for some time, and it Is
believed that the accident occurred dur
ing sleep walking.
A. strange coincidence Is the death of
his mother. Mrs. Hopps, who resided In
Alameda. She died yesterday at the age
of 84 years, before the news of her son's
sudden demise reached Alameda. She
Was a native of Portsmouth. N. H.
j- H Hopps leaves a widow and child
living at 2121 Pine street. San Francisco.
He was employed at- the Mare Island
navy yard. His brothers are established
in this city under the firm name of Hopps
& Sons.
Dr Parker's 'Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists. •
Standard Optical Co., 217 Ke*rny Bt. Leadlns
opticians. All work guaranteed. Prices reas. •
WATER PROBLEM
IS ATTACKED BY
MAYOR PHELAN
Supervisors Prepare
to Fix Rates.
VISIONS OF A SIERRA SUPPLY
BCHTJBSLEE DEFENDS SPILING
VALLEY.
He Paints a Glowing Picture of the
Corporation's Past, Present and
\ Future, and Under Fire
*; Becomes Sarcastic
The Board of Supervisors met last night
ae a committee of the whole to discuss
water rates preparatory to the establish
ment of prices for a year. Supervisor
Connor presided and Mayor Phelan acted
as chief inquisitor of the witnesses pro
duced by the Spring Valley Water Com
pany. No definite result was reached, al
though the cession was far from, being
uninteresting.
Tbe Mayor In hi« questions sought a
treat deal of minute and detailed Infor
mation In reference to the statement sub
mitted by the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, particularly relating to the Items
of expenditure Included under permanent
construction and Improvement. The an
swers were given in most part by Her
man Schussler, but occasionally by Pel
ham W. Ames. Mayor Phelan Insisted
upon knowing why It is that the water
company demands interest upon property
which la not In use and may never be
In use by the company.
Mr. Schussler replied that in some In
stances the company did not expect ever
to use certain land* and was willing that
the cost price should be deducted, but it
happened that this cost price Is very
email and will not materially affect the
problem of water rates. In other cases
the water company has purchased prop
erty not now in use for the simple rea
son that the property could be bought
cheaply and warranted an expenditure
now rather than later, when a great deal
of money would be required. The prop
erty thus purchased will In time be put to
use. In expectation of a .greater demand
the company therefore uas taken pre
liminary precautions.
The problem of water supply also
formed an Interesting phase of the in
quiry, the witnesses declaring that not
withstanding nearly three dry seasons the
company has now a two years' supply on
hand The consumption of water is in
creasing:, but the natural supplies of the
peninsula have not yet been exhausted. In
lfijb the daily consumption of water in San
Francisco was 23.250,000 gallons. In 1899 the
consumption was 23.000.WX) gallons a day.
The financial phases of the company's
affairs also engaged attention, the Mayor
attempting to prove that the annual In
vestigations made by tho Supervisors do
not have a demoralizing effect upon the
ftock of the corporation. Mr. Schussler
was Inclined to believe that the manner of
the Investigations had a bad effect, but
the general results did not. The stock is
now Belling lower than It has before In
many years, but Secretary Ames lean* to
the opinion that this Is due to politics. He
•was not ready to admit the suggestion of
the Mayor that Democratic politics was at
In discussing the cost of material Mr.
Echussler made the startling assertion
that owing to the advance In the price of
Iron the pipe system of the company la
now worth a million dollars more than It
was before the rise. The company, though,
has a policy of estimating values only on
a basis of cost to the company. One by
one the items in the company's statement
¦were reviewed, but most of them added
nothing of Interest to the investigation.
The Mayor displayed considerable interest
in the advertising account and was given
a promise that an itemized statement will
be supplied. His Honor is invariably cu
rious over anything relating to a news
paper.
He was Inquisitive, too, about the char
acter of the counsel fees paid.
"What services does William F. Herrin
render to the company?" he asked
"Legal services." Attorney Kellogg
hastened to interject. "He is frequently
called for consultation."
"Only for consultation?" the Mayor
asked.
"Yes, sir," was the reply, and that old
time underground passage to the board
was carefully covered from prying eyes.
A discussion of the feasibility of ob
taining water from other sources than
those utilized by the Spring Valley Water
Company called out a sharp . passage of
arms between Mayor Phelan and Her
mann Schussler. The Mayor asked if
about $16,500,000 would not be enough to
establish a system in the Sierras.
Mr. Schussler thought that a great deal
more money would be needed, as the esti
mates made did not take into considera
tion valuable rights of way and an enor
mous increase in the price of materials.
"We are told." said the Mayor, "that
60.000.00 1 > gallons of water are going to
waste from Clear Lake. Do you think
that we could obtain that?"
"Are you ready to employ me to find
out?" asked Mr. .Schussler blandly.
"Are you wlllln- to accept such an em
ployment?" asked the Mayor.
"I don't think you could pay me
enough," was Schussler's answer. "But
would you consider me an expert?"
"I certainly would not," was the sharp
reply. "But you consider Mr. Manson or
Mr. Grunsky experts, do you not?"
"Yes," was the hesitating answer; "they
are good surveyors ¦ and engineers, but
they have not had the requisite experience
in building water works.
The Mayor, still clinging to the Sierra
proposition, asked why It would not be
better to establish a system In the Sierras
rather than try to patch the Spring Val
ley Water Company system.
"We are not patching." was the reply.
"We are growing with the growth of tlie
city."
In discussing the iwsslble supply of the
Spring Valley Water Company, taking in
to consideration only the properties now
absolutely under control and In the pos
session of the company, Mr. Schueeler
declared that with the expenditure of
$15,000,000 a daily supply of 100,000.000 gal
lons can be easily given.
An adjournment was then taken until
to-morrow night, when Spring Valley val
ues will be discussed more in detail.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails 1
on Application.
Probably Poisoned.
TUBA CITY. Feb. 12.— District Attorney
McLaughlln went to Meridian 'to-day to
investigate the sudden death of Mi?s
Alice Caldwell. The Coroner's jury
brought In a verdict of cause of death
unknown, but indications of poisoning.
The doctor at the autop«y found a trace
of poison. The girl's parents live near
Fouts Springs.
ing for gold and he found none.
But If he did not find gold he found
something almost equally valuable. Ho
discovered that the mountains "In
which he was wandering contained
coal of the finest quality and that the
deposit was practically inexhaustible
in quantity.
Robert Dunsmuir, though poor and
unlettered, tiad a deal of good common
horse sense. He realized the value of
his find, and taking into partnership
with himself one or two who had the
means to acquire and develop the prop
erty he set himself to work to build
up a fortune. ' ¦";¦
He succeeded so well that when he
died, about ten years ago, he left be
hind him an estate which ran way up
into the millions, and a reputation of
having bc^n the richest man in the en
tire Northwest. •
Among the children that were born
to him was a Bon. Alexander. This son,
as were all the children of the fortu
nate miner, was given the best educa
tion that money could buy and fitted
in every way to carry out the ambition
of his father, which was to have the
family among the first in the country,
socially as well as financially.
Alexander proved to be all the father
LTTKG In plain view on the pages
cf the Pala.ce Hotel register,
where they were placed last
evening, are the names of Mrs.
Alexander Dunsmuir and James Dunp
xnulr. her brother-in-law. To the casual
guest of the hotel as he Idly turns over
the pages of the register, glancing
along- th* line of names they contain,
killing' time with his lazy, purposeless
inspection, these names mean nothing.
To those acquainted with the Duns
mulr family history and the mission
that has brought James Dunsmuir and
his sister-in-law to this city they con ¦
Jure up the history of a romance be
ginning at the altar amid the chimes
of wedding bellg and ending at the
same place amid the somber light of
funeral tapers.
Years agt> there drifted to the bleak
shores of Vancouver Island a poor
miner by the name of Robert Duns
rnulr. He had nothing but the pick he
carried over his shoulder and the few
weeks' provisions he had brought with
him «o last him on his
prospecting tour. He was look-
ST. PATRICK'S ALLIANCE.
Unity No. 14 Celebrates Its Fifth
Anniversary at a Banquet.
Unity Alliance No. 14 of St. Patrick's
Alliance of America gave Its fifth anniver
sary banquet last night in the hall of tho
Knights of the Red Branch. There were
present nearly one hundred members and
specially invited guests, with P. F. Mc-
Carthy, its president, as toastmaster.
After an excellent menu had been dis
posed of State President P. J. Ryan re
sponded to "St. Patrick's Alliance of
America," Colonel Thomas F. Barry to
"The United States, the Land .We Llvo
In," Richard O'Connor to "Our Mother
land," Secretary Thomas Alford to "The
Celtic Union," John Donohue of the An
cient Order of Hibernians to "Our Sister
Societies" and "The Ladles" was respond
ed to by Arthur McMahon. There were a
number of volunteer toast 3 and patriotic
songs,' and Jeremiah Deasy favored with
a vocal solo in Gaelic. The hall was deco
rated with the American and the Irish
colors.
dren were brought to the prison to keep
her company, the other being left In the
care of friends.
from Manila the chief engineer reported
all in his department as fit for sea. Some
of the firemen who had been discharged
told the first officer he would have as
much trouble going home as they had
had coming out, unless he cleaned out the
bilges under the boilers, but as the en
gineer the next evening reported the
bilges all clean he thought nothing of the
matter until three days out on the way
to Nagasaki, when he made an Investiga
tion of his own. He found about a ton
and a half of dirt under the boilers, and
he ordered the engineer to clean it out.
This the engineer did cot do.
Then the ship began to leak again, and
before long the water was again up to the
flreroom plates and in danger of putting
out the fires. The engineer said tne
pumps would not clear her. as they were
useless and could not be fixed. He coum
not tell where the water was running and
gave again the three explanations he had
given before on the trip out. It was fin
ally decided to put in to Yokohama, and
this was done. At Yokohama the captain
called for a board of survey, and the re
port of the board was that the vessel
was In first-class seagoing condition as t<>
hull, but her engineer's department
showed neglect. It was found that the
water has come In that time through a
valve that had rusted In its seat and had
not been fully closed, the result of neg
lect ~ * '
Everything was fixed and the vessel
started again for home, but not ¦ berore
the chief engineer had shown up one day
the worse for what he had drunk. The
captain said he knew the engineer was
drunk, and the first officer said he
Bmelled tne liquor and was positive the
engineer was intoxicated. Then when the
ship arrived near the Hawaiian isles It
was found that there was not enough coal
on board to take her to San Francisco so
they had to put into Honolulu to fill the
bunkers. On leaving Yokohama the cap
tain said he did not tell the engineer how
much coal he needed, but he told him how
long the voyage would last and asked if
there was coal enough on board. The
chief engineer assured him there was
Pl After filling her bunkers at Honolulu
the Manauense made thl3 port without
UThlsU ThIs r was C the story told by the two offi
cers yesterday. The case will proceed to
day, when It Is possible the chief engineer
himself will be heard.
The court has no power to punish be
yond the revoking of licenses and the Im
posing of the cost of the investigation. It
can make recommendations, however.
that may lead further than that, but It
will probably content Itself with revoking
or suspending the license of the engineer.
or of finding no blame. The defense will
try to show that the Manauense is a
cranky old ship, anyhow, and the engin
eer has always had trouble witn her .
could wish, and led tne uneventful life
of the average young business man <in
tll about eighteen years ago, when ha
came down to this city to attend to
some business matters connected with
the firm of R. Dunsmuir's Sons Com
pany. Here he met his fate In the per
son of Mrs. Josephine Wallace, he
hansome young widow of Wallie Wal
lace, a well-known young fellow, who
during his life had been a law student
In the office of W. H. L. Barnes In the
daytime and had acted as head usher
of "the old California Theater In tho
evenings.
It was a case of love at first sight,
and the more Alexader Dunsmuir saw
of his dulcinea the stronger grew the
bonds of his affections. He knew the
social aspirations of his father, and he
knew that these aspirations were
shared by his mother and the other
members of the family, and that a
marriage contrary to their wishes and
approval would mean his disinherit
ance. But love was stronger than cu
pidity, and, after a brief courtship,
he secretly married the object of his
affections and installed her In a beau
tiful house that he. built on the
Souther Stock Farm, near San Lean
dro. which place he purchased for
his bride.
There she lived for many years as a
widow, devoting herself to the educa
tion of her daughter, Edna, a child
by her first husband, who subsequently
entered upon a stage career, married
and was divorced from De Wolf Hopr
per, and Is now famous throughout the
length and breadth of the United
States under the name of Edna Wal
lace Hopper.
At the time of the purchase of the
Souther farm considerable comment
was excited by the building that was
erected on it as a residence. The hefuse
Is one of the handsomest across the
bay, and It was thought at the time
of Its construction that its cost would
swallow up the fortune of the sup
posed widow. No one then knew the
fortune that was backing up her ex
penditure.
Last December Mr. Dunsmulr found
that his secret was leaking out, and
as It was only a question of time be
fore the whole romance would become
ROMANCE OF A VANCOUVER MILLIONAIRE
Wife Returns From Her Bridal Tour
With Widow Weeds.
Mother of Little Edna .Wallace Hopper for
Nearly a Score of Years Was the Spouse
of One of the Great Coal Barons.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1900.
Hales.
j going to /'%^^^ffl
i Hale s for / \ivi i^ liSti
gj 25 comic ones for . 5c * \ /-¦ l^^*p|
a lace effects, dainty and pretty, as low | /TiA Br^wfv*
! I with envilop-s i2c, 4c, sc, 8c and 10c {-y^vY V^ 1
!jy the very pretty one«, in boxes- • ''£t~* 1
i | 15c, 20c, 25c, 30c, 35c. 50c, 60c, 75c S : ~X\-*\J?\A
I H all valentines wrapped ready tor mailing. v«" L/^r^ &
I express. o^^OQi> GOOD^*^ \
I W5-W7.939.Q41.943-945-IM7 Market ittreet \
COAL. COKB AND PIO IROX
T T WIT SflV * fft •W Battery Street.
J« W- nILOUiI (X VU-» Telephone Mala IM4.
• COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. M*r.
C W CMITR Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
L- TT O.ill IU. and Ship Work a Specialty, li
and IS Washington ac Telephone Main 56*1.
% FRESH AMD SALT MEATS.
JAb- fiUIMQ lU-, Clay. T#L Main 1234.
¦¦y --'I-::- FURS.
J. 11. LUfJ IAU, ityU^ lowatt pricw. ttTedi in i.
PAPER DEALER*.
WIIIiMPTTF PCLP AND PAPER CO..
nILLA.IIEIIC 122 Montgomery it.
E- C HUGHES. m s^^l^s. r.
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
"SS?* PARTRIDGE M Cj^2?"
WHITE ASD STEAM COAL, Sffe^S
DIAMOND COAL MININQ CO.. at Ita OREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is tn» Best Coal la tit
market. OfOc* and Tarda— 4so liala »tr»«c
Catarrh" Deafness;
§&*./ V'mnicjinn f?l In CdiS t
liitaS?^ TbrMt
'iijj^a^Jr LAIAKKFI. ? ,u e.
Diseases Positively Cored by •
DR. CQTTINGHAM'S -"",,
204 Sutler St., NW. Cor. Kearny.
Hours— 9 to 12 a. m.: 1 to 3 and 7 to Bp. m.
rTf>T7«r An honest trial of one week, riven
rl\l—L.»tci «how the superior merit of th«
new treatment. 2000 test cases— 9s per cent
cured. Call at once or write.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
12