St. John should have been eet forth in the lan
cuage quoted above, and desires to not only
express . the hope but the firm conviction that
her Majesty's Government will prosecute the
war in euch a manner as to vindicate the honor
of the nation and .the cause of Justice they
have, as ever, undertaken to sustain.
BOER SYMPATHIZERS
AND ALLEGED TREASON
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 3.— A citizens'
committee was formed here 1 to-day to
ascertain the identity of all Boer sym
pathizers identified with the Transvaal
assistance movement and institute prose
cutions for treason, also arranging a boy
cott. The movement, which has excited
great Indignation, Is chiefly among Ger
man, Dutch and Belgian residents.
RUSSIA'S CZAR
WILL NOT INTERFERE
LONDON, Jan. 3.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Standard says: Emperor
Nicholas has assured the British Embas
sador at St. Petersburg (Sir C. S. Scott)
that Great Britain need not fear interven
tion or any sort of difficulty from Rus
sia In the South African complications.
This may fairly be interpreted as an as
surance including an indirect promise that
France will abstain from creating difficul
ties for England..
ROUGH VOYAGE OF
THE STEAMER THYRA
Beset by Heavy Seas on Her Trip
From Portland to San
Itfego.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 3.— Tha California and
Oriental steamship Thyra, Captain J. O.
Edwardsen. arrived this forenoon from
Portland, having on board about 3SOO tons
of flour. She left Portland on tha mom
ing of December 27. and after being bar
bound at the mouth of the Columbia
River for twenty-four hours she got away,
running into the storm which has been
off the coast for the past week and more.
The storm did not leave her until she
rounded Point Loma Into the bay this
forenoon, and even then the rain con
tinued, though with some abation. • ¦
The captain reports that the seas were
heavy all the way down the coa3t» and
that progress was necessarily slow. Ho
expected to make San Diego on Monday,
but the storm kept him back. There was
no trouble and the vessel made headway
all the time, but the wind was from tha
southeast and it was slow work headinz
into it.
The Thyra will begin loading: to-morrow
morning. She will take about 1000 tons
of wire and nails and 3400 to 3600 bales of
cotton, besides about 100 tons of general
merchandise that may bo offered. She
will take out one of the most valuable
cargoes yet taken from th! 3 port by tha
new transpacific steamer line. The steam
er Volumnia. now twenty-eight days out
of Valparaiso, is due on Sunday or Mon
day, and the Oriental steamer Lady Joy
sie is expected along about the 12th.
STEAMER BORGHESE
IS A TOTAL WRECK
LONDON, Jan. 4.— A dispatch from Bris
tol says that the British steamer Borghese
of Glasgow foundered off Cape Finistere
last Friday during a "hurricane. Twenty
two of the crew were drowned. The sur
vivors, nine In number, have juat arrived
at Bristol.
Chief was hand in glove with the.Pin
kertons — so much so,. indeed, that they
did not consider it necessary to have
an agency here. Finally, with the rush
of racetrack business, they were com
pelled to put in a local force, and since
then Lees has not been working with
them. No rupture is supposed to have
occurred, but all is fair in love and de
tective work, and the San Francisco
veteran is on the trail of the golden
goose. With his private rogues' gal
lery, which the city thought its very.
own, he should be able to cover the
detective business of the coast. That
he will leave no stone unturned to do so>
goes without saying.
Meanwhile the San Francisco Police
Department will have to go without a
rogues' gallery.
GENERAL H. SHOEMAN, Commanding the Boer Forces
Opposing General French in the Colesberg District,
Cape Colony.
General French's victory was a little pre
r mature. Later reports show that his puc
et-ss was not complete, as at first
thought. The British have not been able
to occupy Coie?b«rg. During the
r.lpht the Boers were reinforced and re
occuple-1 the position out of which they
had been maneuvered. They then opened
fire upon the British cavalry with tneir
guns, which were supposed to have been
disabled. Th*y seem to be in considerable
Ftrensrth and may prove too hard a nut
for French's little force to crack. It !s
f-ignlficant that in General French's re
port, as Issued by the War Office, he
rays he thinks hp could drive the Boers
off if he had reinforcements.
The Borrs are reported to be hemmed in
by British guns which command Norvals
Point bridge and the road bridge north of
Colesberg. but to the south and east a
way of retreat is open. It would be very
remarkable if French's small column
were able to hem In their active oppo
nents. As to reinforcements, it is very
doubtful if these can be spared from any
quarter. Just now every man is wanted
Jn Natal. General French haa lost a train
laden with supplies, which was set In
motion, it is reported, by treachery. The
Boers, frustrated by a heavy fire, made
en attempt to- rescue a train and recover
the Bupplies. Ehowing that they are in
force not far away.
The critical iltuatlon in Natal Is unal
tered, but it is impossible that It can re
rr.afn so much longer. Everything points
to the fact that General Joubert has
sought to envelop the British wings by
a croscent-shaped formation, the two
horns being at Springfield, on the Little
Tugela, on the west and at Hlangwane
Mountain or perhaps even Weenen on tho
cast. A strong position on the southeast
of 'Colcr.so would seem to be 'the best
'point to be attacked. If General Buller
once gains the crest of Mount Inhwane.
his big guns will command both Colenso
and the enemy's entrenchments along the
river. The problem on the Tugela River
•will probably be solved by a series of en
gagements on the result of which will
depend the British hope of breaking down
the opposition' and rr-lieving Ladysmith.
¦ General Buller's call for more stretcher
hearers and the movement of foreign at
taches point to th<» Imminence of fighting.
The Fourteenth Hussars and Twentieth
Field Battery, which sailed from Cape
town for Durban a few days ago. should
have arrived, completing General War
ren's force. By the end of this week an
advance may be expected. It may be
pointed out that the very fact of the
IJoers holding three strong detached posi
tions facing General Buller, viz.: On the
right, on Inhlawe Mountain, on the south
bank of Tugela with rntrenchments, fac
ing Colenso, and on left with an Orange
Free State commando at Springfield, may
prove an advantage to the British. The
Hoer Jine Is so extended that a rapid* at
tack on one of these positions may suc
ceed before reinforcements could arrive.
The total Boer force is probably 20,000 to
2j,o<>o. with fifty or sixty guns. Buller's
.reinforced strength we now know, thank 3
to the censor who has allowed some facts
to come through, amounts to about 22,000
infantry. 2500 mounted men, half regukor
and half irregular mounted Infantry, fifty
UNITED STATES TUG
RESOLUTE GOES DOWN
BOSTON, Jan. 3.— The United States
Quartermaster's tug Resolute. Captain
George Loring, was sunk in the harbor
early to-night in a collision with the steel
ocean tug Swatara. All on board are be
lieved to have been saved ' except Henry
Ottobins, who had not been found at a
late hour to-night. The Resolute filled
and sank almost at once.
Among the twenty-one persons on board
at the time of the collision were Captain
Brown, . Seventh Artillery, . stationed at
Fort Warren, and daughter; Lieutenant
Hatch. Fourth Artillery, Mrs. Hatch and
Miss Hatch. .
ests of the United States, yet self-pres
ervation must necessarily come first."
It was . further . learned that .Great
Britain may lay down new' regulations
regarding contraband, making a ' dis
tinction between food evidently lnten'ded
for domestic purposes and food probably
intended , for. field rations.^ Under ; .th"e
latter head might come classes of canned
goods. .^ j't .. ;
Tho British Government, fully realizes
that the representations of Mr. Choate
will compel it to decide this far-reaching
matter, .and while, his request has been
made and received in the most friendly
spirit the quandary Is not relished ' by
Lord Salisbury, though it is not re
garded as likely to cause international
friction. One thing is certain, the matter
will not be settled hurriedly, though it
is impossible for the Cabinet Minister to
forecast the date when Mr. Choate will
receive a definite answer, which must
settle Great Britain's stand upon the
question of contraband.
GERMANY BEGINS
FRIENDLY NEGOTIATIONS
BERLIN, Jan. 3.— lt is semi-officially
announced that Germany has not pro
tested against the seizure of the Bundes
rath, but has merely requested that the
matter be investigated and settled as
speedily as possible. Friendly «iegotia
tions.in'this direction' are now proceed
ing here. __i^____
ORGANIZATIONS TO
SEND AID TO BOERS
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 3.— The Knights
of the Red Branch at a meeting last night
decided to extend all possible aid to
President Kruger. Resolutions of sym
pathy for .the Boers were adopted. The
order claims a membership of 100,000, made
up principally of Irish and Germans.
A meeting of the local branches of the
Clan Na Gael was also held last night for
drill. Fully 400 young men have been
formed into companies, and will; it Is said,
be sent to South Africa.
The men cannot go in a body, as that
would be. a violation of ,tho . neutrality
GAT ACRE'S BRUSH WITH THE BOERS.
STERKSTROOM. Jan. 3.— General Gatacre to-day met the Invading forces at Cyphorgat, near the British ad
vance camp at Bushmanshoek. The Boers retired hurriedly shortly after the British artillery opened fire. The
enemy occupied Molteno and Cyphorgat to-day, but the latter place Is now reoccupied by the British.
¦ FRERE CAMP, Jan. 3.— Captain Thornycroft's patrol found the enemy in some force at the- Little Tugela
bridge." Their presence was discovered by scouts. It is reported that five men and a lieutenant of the party have
not returned. .... '
laws. They will, therefore, be sent to
Paris as individual passengers and ar
rangements made there for their trans
portation to the Transvaal.
Grand Chief Ryan left this city to-day
for Troy, Ny V.. where he expects to or
ganize a council of the Knights of the
Red Branch.
P. J. McManus, a leading spirit in the
movement to aid the Boers, said to-day:
"We do not care to publish our plans. We
will assist the Boers and In such a way
that results will tell."
LEYDS CONVERSES
WITH HOLLAND'S QUEEN
THE HAGUE, Jan. 3.— Dr. Leyds. the
diplomatic agent of the Transvaal, at
tended the New Year's ball at the palace
yesterday evening. Queen Wilhelmlna
conversed several times with him. He
was received by the Foreign Minister.
ALDERMEN OBJECT TO
"PEACE WITH HONOR"
NEW YORK, Jan. 3.— A special dispatch
from St. John. N. 8., to the Commercial
Advertiser says:
On New Year's day Mayor Sears sent
the following message to the Canadian
High Commissioner in London: "May
New Year's blessings rest upon her
Majesty, bringing peace with honor."
Tho Board of Aldermen is now . after
his scalp.. At a meeting of the Board of
Public Works yesterday. Aldermen Mil
lege, Christie, Maxwell, Waring. McMul
lln and others indignantly denounced the
Mayor's right" to speak for the people.
As the Mayor refused to call a special
meeting of the Council to discuss the mat
ter to-day, a meeting. was called by. eight
Aldermen and a hot time is expected.' The
Board "of Public Works, before adjourn
ment, adopted^ the following resolution:
Whereas, The expression "Peace, with honor"
in diplomatic language, ' Indicates that a nation
which has Buffered reverses may, without loss
of dignity, accept. terms of an opponent; and,
.whereas; the opinion of this community la op
posed to peace upon any other terms than the
unconditional surrender of the national enemy.'
Resolved, That the board regret* that in a
semi-official manner the views of the people of
I though the Boers removed their laager
! out of range of our guns, they still oc
cupy a strong position around Colesberg
in big force. General French and his
staff and Colonel Porter's command
, stayed out last night. Everything is quiet
i to-day.
An extraordinary occurrence took place
last night. A number of trucks, loaded
with foodstuffs, got loose and ran away
from our lines down the Colesberg decliv
ity toward the Boers at great-speed. Far
ther 1 down there was a broken culvert
commanded by Boer guns. Three trucks
crossed the culvert and remained on tho
line, marvelous to pay. The others fell
over, while some remained on this side.
The engine-driver of the trafn attempted
to rescue it. but was shelled by the Boers
and obliged to retreat. A train was then
sent to rescue the goods in the wrecked
train, escorted by a cavalry company of
Suffolks. but when it reached Plewnans
Siding it was subjected to a terrific shell
fire from a Hotchkiss and a big gun and
also rifle fire. The train and its escort
had to hurry off. An attempt will prob
ably be made to-night to destroy the
goods. We command Norvals Pont.
INCIDENTS OF THE
SIEGE OF KIMBERLEY
KIMBERLEY. Dec. 26.— The Boers last
night evinced considerable interest in the
Premier mine, using their searchlights.
This morning they actively shelled the
fort. . The Royal Artillery replied. Our
shells were well placed and dropped amid
the emoke of the enemy's guns.
Last night's storm Ignited some of our
military mines, but there were no casual
ties.
Cecil Rhodes has supplied the Boer pris
oners with new clothing.
PUZZLING AFTERMATH
OF THE FLOUR SEIZURES
LONDON, Jan. 3.— The United States
Embassador, Joseph H. Choate. visited
the British Premlor, Lord Salisbury, at
the Foreign Office this evening, for the
purpose of making the first official rep
resentation on the subject of the Delagoa
Bay flour seizure. Mr. Choate received
no definite reply, as the Premier In
formed him that the British Government
had not arrived at any decision as to
whether or not food stuffs were contra
band of war. but Lord Salisbury assured
Mr. Choate the commercial rights of the
United States would be equitably con
sidered and that a decision in this Im
portant matter would be reached as soon
as possible. The Interview was brief.
It 1b learned that Lord Salisbury "has
not only eot the Attorney. General, Sir
Richard Webster, working hard on the
question of the Delagoa Bay seizures but
that he is consulting with the ablest
lawyers- In Great Britain. To quote a
high official: "England is between
Scylla and Charybdls. If we declare food
stuffs contraband we put ourselves in a
most awkward position should we be a
neutral power in some future war. "We
are mqst anxious to conserve the Inter-
CAPTAIN JOHN SEYMOUR of the City Prison.
thought to such an institution as a
rogues' gallery, they certainly labored
under the impression that a fully
equipped Police Department was about
to be turned over to them. Even after
the retirement of Lees they had no
fear that they would be unable to find
in Esola a competent successor.
Whether or not that is so remains to be
seen, but it is certain that the choice
of the new Commissioners will be
badly handicapped in going into office
— the business of which is to prevent
and detect crime — without the aid of a
rogues' gallery. How the Chief to be
appointed will get around this difficulty
is a conundrum hard to solve.
Lees' descent upon and capture of the
rogues' gallery is based upon his claim
that he owns it from cover to cover,
with every photo and criminal record in
it There is no question that he start
ed it, years and years ago, when it was
not dreamed that San Francisco would
grow to its present importance upon
the map of the world. At that time —
thirty or forty years ago — no financial
provision was made for the collection of
photographs of criminals, no books
were provided for criminal records. He
began on his own account to gather
and index and classify the "mugs" of
notorious crooks that came this way,
and he has continued it ever since, with
out, he claims, a cent's worth of assist
ance from the city.
The collection is now an enormous
one.. It contains the photographs, an
tecedents, criminal records and close
descriptions of nearly every crook in
the country, white, black and yellow.
The ugly "mugs" of 14.744 whites and
blacks, men and women, glower from
the pages of the gallery, and in black
and white their records are under the
thumb of the possessor. In addition
the faces of 2570 Chinese and Japanese
murderers and thieves are inclosed be
tween its covers. And Chief Lees has
them all, and the city's big black iron
cupboard is bare.
Whether or not this claim of the ex-
Chief will hold in law is a question
that depends entirely upon the incoming
Police Commissioners. They will un
doubtedly make claim that the ex-
Chief had no right to re
move the gallery. Those who
know the white-haired veteran de
tective may be sure that he will stub
bornly contest any such claim and yiill
make as bitter a fight in the court as
he knows how — and he can go a little
at that, as the history of the department
will show.
Pending the probability of any such
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— There is reason to be
lieve that the Transvaal Government has but recently requested this Government to use its
good offices to bring an end to its war with Great Britain. The proposition, I understand,
came through the American Consul at Pretoria. No answer has been given by the State De
partment, and unless Great Britain intimates that she is desirous of the President exercising
his good offices there is no, reason to believe that_rjejyjlj^cqmp|y^wjth : jhe Boer request. It is
~to be expected that a reply will be made acknowledging the receipt^ of the Consul's representa
tion, which he will transmit to State Secretary Reitz, but this, probably, is as far as the Govern
ment will care to go at this time.
It can be stated on authority that there is no intention on the part of the administration
to depart from its policy of non-interference unless requests for mediation are received simul
taneously from Great Britain and the Transvaal. Just before the outbreak of hostilities the
Boer Government appealed to the President to use his influence with Great Britain to avert war,
but the President declined to interfere, and nothing has occurred to change his determination.
In certain quarters there is a disposition to urge American mediation on the ground that
under the agreement of The Hague conference the United States could extend its mediation to
Great Britain without offending that power. In answer to this suggestion it is said, first, that
the United States has not yet become a party to the convention, becaase it has not yet been
ratified by the Senate; and, second, the American delegates representing the United States at
the conference guarded the historic position of the United States by the declaration that nothing
contained in the convention should be so construed as to require this * Government to depart
from its policy of non-interfering with foreign questions.
It is stated that the movements initiated by Europeans to obtain the mediation of this
Government will be fruitless of results, unless, as stated, they first induce Great Britain to in
timate to this Government her willingness to accept the exercise of the powers' good offices.
NAVAL BRIGADE IN ACTlON— Bluejackets Working the 4.7-Inch
Guns at Ladysmith.
(Drawn from an Instantaneous photograph for the Dally Graphic.)
HJX-CHIEF OF POLICE LEES
may not be missed in the San
» Francisco Police Department.
but the rogues' gallery will be. When
he left he took it with him. and in the
recesses of the big black iron case in
the "upper office," where it once was
stored, are only aching voids. Lees
descended on the office Tuesday night,
opened the case and took the gallery
with him. He claims it as his own per
sonal property, to do with as he will,
and he does not will that it shall be of
benefit to the department from which
his judgment told him to resign to save
dismissal at the hands of the new Com
missioners pledged to Lieutenant Esola.
The gallery is stored safely under lock
and key at his home, where it will re
main until he moves it downtown to the
private detective agency he intends to
open in competition with the Pinker
tons and the local police.
This new,s will come undoubtedly as
a painful surprise to the newly appoint
ed Police Commissioners. Although
they probably never gave a moment of
legal contest. ex-Chief Lees has fully
made itp his mind to open the greatest
detective agency on the coast. A case
containing the late police rogues' gal
lery will be its principal bit of furni
ture. The ex-Chief has not a doubt' in
his mind that he can take all the bus!-'
ness he needs away from ¦ : the
Pinkertons and. other private agencies.,
and, incidentally, "make" a monkey. pf
his gallery-less successor, who willnot
have a tintype or the scratch of a pen.
to go on in search for crime. As. • as
sistants in his agency Lees will, take sev>.
eral of the best men from the present
"upper office" force. His first assistant'
will undoubtedly be John Seymour, for.
a long time his right hand man, and at
present captain of the City Prison; The
others are not known. • • . : . .;:.'
Almost any day now pedestrians may
notice the shingle of the Lees' Detective
Agency swinging to every breeze that
blows — and it will blotv no good toithe
Pinkertons. He will undoubtedly. :Cttt
deeply into their business on this coast:
Up till a year and a half ago. the aged
KRUGER'S APPEAL
TO THIS COUNTRY
-.: ¦ ¦ ¦
America Asked to Mediate in South
African War, but Cannot Act Un
til Great Britain Joins Request.
EX-CHIEF LEES
CARRIES AWAY
ALL THE ROGUES
Leaves Police Department Without
a Gallery — He Will Open a ;
Private Agency.
BIG BATTLE TO
BE FOUGHT SOON
ON THE TUGELA
Buller's Call for More Stretcher-
Bearers Indicate the Immi
nence of an Encounter.
LONDON, Jan. 4.— A rer>ort was cur
rent in London yesterday that the
Boers had attacked Molteno, and
that a battle was raging. This mys
tified those who have been follow
ing closely the movements of the differ
ent columns. It must be remembered that
General Gatacre, soon after his repulse
at Etormbergr. evacuated Molteno and re
tired to Sterkstoom, bis present head
quarters.
Inquiry at the 'War Office elicited the
reply that nothing had been received con
firmatory of the report, although several
telegrams had been received from General
Gatacre'e camp of a new advance to Mol
teno. It Is possible that simultaneously
with General French's move on Colesberg
General Gatacre pushed forward a small
force to "Molteno to feel the way for an
advance on Stromberg, and that the Boers
had met this movement by a prompt at
tack. Molteno Is sunk in a hollow among
the. hills and It not an easy place to hold.
Gatacre, supposing that he is there, will
cither have to abandon it again or ad
vance !n force and risk a battle to extri
cate his var.eua.rd.
It now looks as if the exultation over
field guns, twenty siege and naval guns
and 2000 artillerymen.
¦ •
BRISK FIGHTING GOES
ON IN THE HILLS
NAAUWPOORT, Cape Colony, Jan. 3.—
rhere was brisk fighting to-day in tho
illls around Colesberg. The Boers stub
bornly resisted the British at every point,
sut gradually retreated.
The British held the extreme position to
.he south and east overlooking the town.
The hills around Colesberg are numer
>us—not in ranges, but in groups— making
t very difficult to hunt the Boers out.
Sixteen wounded have arrived at Axun
lei.
STRONG POSITION OF
BOERS AROUND COLESBERG
[Speelal Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right. 13C«). by James Gordon Bennett. Re-
publication of this dispatch la prohibited.
All rights reserved In the United States and
Great Hrltaln.]
LONDON*. Jan. 4.— This dispatch from
Its special correspondent is published by
the Dally Mail:
NAAUWPORT. Tuesday, Jan. 3.— Al-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 35.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1900.
The San Francisco Call.THE ARRIVAL OF
THE NEW YEAR
Will find us turning out better laundry
work than ever before, and that means
that we are doing the finest work ia
this line that has ever been achieved by
any laundry in San Francisco. Begin
the new year right by sending your
work to the United States Laundry.
United States Laundry, Offlo*
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Off toe. 514 Eleventh St.
Dr. Meyers & Co.
Men only. Pay when well. No In-
curable cases tak.en. fldvlca and pri-
vate book. free, office or mall. Horn«
cures. Letters confidential. 731 Market
St.. S. F- TaX« elevator to third floor.
Self respect is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
FARMERS IN SESSION.
Interesting Papers Read and Dis-
cussed at Pasadena.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 3.— The University
Farmers' Club Convention at Pasadena
was well attended to-day, the copious
rains putting the members in the best of
spirits. In the morning the following
| papers were read:
"Root Penetration of the Orange," Pro
fessor E. J. Yokem. Highland Club; "Re
lation of Plant to Soil." Professor E. H.
Loughridge, University of California.
Berkeley; "Pruning the Lemon," Commis
sioner George P. Hall, San Diego Asso
ciation.
At the afternoon session dairy work was
discussed in the following papers: "Small
Dairy for Profit." George . D. Danan,
Southern California Dairy Association;
"Condensed Milk Factories," Dr. D W
Hanson, Buena Park Club; "The Silo," J
W. McKelvey. Clearwater Club.
The pomologlcal question was also dis
cussed at the afternoon session as fol
lows: "Citrus Fruit Station," J. H. Reed.
Riverside Club; "Work of the Pomona
Agricultural Experiment Station," Secre
tary J. W. Mills, Pomona Club; "Insects
of the Orchard," Alexander Craw, Quar
antine Officer, San Francisco.
At the evening session the following re
ceived attention: "The Freight Question."
Hon. Abbot Kinney. president Southern
California Pomologlcal Society; "Govern
ment Ownership of Public Utilities," F.
K. Kellopg. Santa Barbara Association;
"Cattle Diseases," Dr. Ward B. Rowland,
Pasadena Club.
KNOWLES CASE OPENED.
Sues Crocker Estate for Depriving
Him of Property.
REDWOOD CITT. Jan. 3 —The trial of
the case of Frank 6. Knowles vs. the
Crocker Estate Company and others com
menced before Judge Buck and a jury this
morning. The action was commenced in
the latter part of the year 18*6. and is one
of forcible entry and unlawful detainer.
The complaint alleges that In Septem
ber, ISI<6, plaintiff was in possession of
about eight acres of land near Colma, in
San Mateo County; that in that month he
built about 183<> feet of fence, partly in
closing the premises, and had commenced
to clear the land preparatory to farm
ing it.
In November, plaintiff alleges, the
Crocker Estate Company, by its agents,
servants and employes, with force ,and
violence, entered upon the said premises
and with, crowbars, axes, hatchets and
other implements, tore down and de
molished the fence constructed by plain
tiff and threatened to tear down any other
fences that might be rebuilt.
Plaintiff asks for the restitution of the
premise*, together with $250 damages for
tearing down the fence.
WHITE HOUSE DINNER.
President and Mrs. McKinley Enter-
tain Cabinet Members.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3. -The first of the
formal dinners of the social Reason at the
White House was eiven by President and
Mrs. McKinley to-night, the members of
the Cabinet and their wives being guests
of honor. Invited to meet them were
members of the Senate and House and a
few other persons. The east room and
other portions of the house were appro
priately decorated for the occasion. The
Marine band furnished the music. The
list of guests was unusually large, covers
being laid for over seventy persons.
WELL HOLD INSURANCE MONEY
Administrator Kellogg Not Positive
as to Identity of Wolfsohn.
LOS AXGELES. Jan. 3.— Public Admin
istrator Kellogg to-day announced that he
will not turn over the $10,000 held by him
on the "Wolfsohn life insurance policy paid
by the New York Life Insurance Com
pany, until the courts decide that he must
do so. His determination will cause the
insurance company to either give up the
110,000 or prove in the court that the man
who came here from Chicago pretending
to be Wolfsohn is really he.
FIGHT WITH OUTLAWS.
Sheriff's Posse Kills One Desperado
and Captures Five.
DENVER. Colo., Jan. Z.—A. special to
the Republican from Albuquerque, N
Mex., says a light occurred in "Water
Canyon, In Socorro County, New
Mexico, between the Sheriff's posse and
six alleged cattle thieves, in which one of
the latter, known as "Mexican Joe," was
killed. The others surrendered and are in
Jail.
Robert Brigham Dead.
BOSTON', Jan. 3.— Robert B. Brlgham,
proprietor of the Brigham Hotel and res
taurant on Washington street, is dead
aged 73 years. For forty years he had
been proprietor of the place made fa
mous by hlsf name. His Boston holding*
are estimated between 52,000,000 and
Rey. George Buckle Dies.
LrOXDGN, Jan. 3.— Rev. George Buckle,
father of George Karl** Buckle, editor of
the Times, died to-day.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. ¥Sb"JLaS
DIAMOND COAL, MINING CO J at Ha GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Seat Coal In the
market. Otnce and Tards— iy Main street.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEBS. THB
great Mexican remedy; gives h«alth and
•tresgtii to sexual organs. Depot, XU llsjfctV.
TWO VICTIMS OF DIVORCE
SEEK SURCEASE IN SUICIDE
Washington Irwin and Mrs. Hattabough
S :••• -v/. ;• /Swallow Carbolic Acid.
f\^O. souls with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one" were
tr* .-jtffd j'^sterday afternoon at the Receiving Hospital, and it was the
gpoerall* ; : . expressed .-.hope that after recovery from their temporary
: trouble, they wouM be linked Together for all time.
'- .M'AB.hifigton Irwin. a. laborer 25 years of age, residing at 443 Eleventh
.etr< i et...wafs recently, divorced • from his wife. Since he has been despondent.
He-.came to the conclusidn that ho could not live without her and yester
vday afternoon he- wont Into the saloon at Eleventh and Bryant streets and
ifa.'Jhrig: for a glass-.of' "steam," .emptied a solution of carbolic acid into it and
*iralVo:wtd the dose. ,;.'.'... •
;.".'. my w|fe I -die for love of. her!" he shouted as he sank to the floor.
'• -Th.«r Qmt)ulance : was summoned and Irwin was taken to the Receiving
•ft/iJlaHal,- where .Dr. Cluness applied the usual remedies and announced that
;lrwih veould-ji'ot <fr? this time. ~ ' .
• While the physician was operating upon Irwin. a patrol wagon drove up
to lhs hospital with Mrs. Rose Hattabough, 77- Carmelita street. She was
&liiV recently .divorced from her husband and secured the custody of their
'six-year-old boy..- She was allowed alimony, but the former husband was
belthtr" prompt r.or" regular in his payments and, becoming despondent, Mrs.
Ilattaboufrh- went out to Golden Gate Park yesterday afternoon after pur
chasing a bottle of carbolic acid and, with a prayer on her lips for her
husband "and child, swallowed, the contents of the bottle. The solution, fort
unately for her, was weak. She -will recover.
FRIENDS OF HANNA
PLANNED IN VAIN
Senator Positively Refuses to Become
Chairman of the Republican
Convention.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, January 3.— Sena
tor Hanna declared to-day that although
he had been urged to Btand for the per
manent chairmanship of the next Repub
lican National Convention he would not
do bo.
"There are other men," he said, "who
are more ambitious than I and who value
that honor more than I do. I will give
way to them."
He also declared that he would not be
one of the delegates at large from Ohio.
"I greatly desire that General Dick
shall have an uncontested place In the
Ohio delegation at large," he explained,
"and I am glad to step out in his favor.
If I was to be considered as one of the
delegates at large, precedent giving the
place to me as a Senator, there would be
a contest between General Grosvenor and
General Dick. I being out of it, there will
be room for both of them, as there shouli
be. and friction will be avoided."
It is evident from the foregoing that the
plan to make Senator Hanna a delegate
at large and permanent chairman of the
Republican National Convention was
formed without his consent.
Senator and Mrs. Hanna and Miss Ruth
Hanna departed this afternoon for Wash
ington, where they will again occupy the
Hobart residence.
IMPORTANT DECISIONS
OF HAWAIIAN COURTS
•WASHINGTON, Jan. B.— The Secretary
of State has sent to the House several let
ters of Harold Z. Sewall, the United
States Special Agent at Hawaii, giving
recent decisions of the Hawaiian courts,
showing the condition now existing.
Mr. Sewall Bays the decisions in Pea
cock & Co. and Lovejoy & Co. against
Hawaii hold that the Hawaiian Govern
ment may collect the customs duties pre
scribed by Its laws, notwithstanding the
provision of the constitution of the United
States. In another, Hawaii vs. Edwards,
It Is held that felons may be prosecuted
now as prior to the annexation of Hawaii
to the United States.
Mr. Sewall says the importance of the
decisions has attracted much attention to
them and subjected them to much criti
cism, especially from members of the bar.
He adds that he is confidentially advised
that an effort will be made, by a ship
ment from Hawaii of American manufac
tures which have paid the Hawaiian duty,
to bring the point of the Peacock case
before the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Hawaiian Bill Discussed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— The Sen
ate Committee on Foreign Relations to
day considered a number of pending ques
tions. The bill by Senator Cullom provid
ing a territorial government for Hawaii
was discussed, but, the sub-committee
which has the subject under considera
tion not being ready to report. It was
announced that another meeting would
be held soon, when the bill would be re
ported to the full committee. There was
some talk about ,the French reciprocity
treaty, and it was decided to hear John
A. Kasson, who conducted the negotia
tions, and members of the Finance Com
mittee at the regular meeting next
"Wednesday.
|jB Loss of
r=jSn Strength
iPfjrp ana
wjl&i Vigor
I u "«n?^ v' J- -n-'lre^ Are forerunners
of eerloua evil.
; Swvi' rt*^\- -_i v«& J f your nerves
' 0^ tf?"'2!£^4il are weak, then
i^il M f^^^ y° ur b °dHy visor
ebb and all the or-
•w- fi P** s^^. pans must suffer.
L^IL I / "Take HU D-
.{isJl ' VAN" before serl-
II \ ous consequences
i IK / ensue. Don't wait
*S»^J) I until aerlous
CJ^miSjL heart complloa-
<^\ tlon. apoplexy, or
complete prostra-
tion results.
; HUDTAN provides the much-needed
nerve force. HUDYAN cures headaches
or dizziness (fig-. 1), hollow eyes and
sunken cheeks (fig:. 2), disordered diges-
tion and loss of appetite (fig. 3), torpid
liver and constipation (tig. 4), weakness
of limbs (flg. 5), and Bhaky knees (fig. 6).
Are you despondent, melancholy, weak,
easily tired out? Do you lack energy and
nerve force? Is your sleep disturbed by
horrid dreams? Do you tremble, feel sick
to stomach at times, aod feel exhausted?
If so, HUDYAN Is what you need. iiUD-
YAN will bring back your strength, en-
ergy, nerve force, appetite— will restore
the glow of health.
VIL 1 IltlUl /\ll druggist, »o a
package, six packages for $2 60. If your
druggist does not keep HUDYAN send di-
rect to HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. cor.
Stockton, Ellis and Market streets. Baa
Francisco. Calif.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS — FREE
Of CHAROE. CALL OR WRITE.
MURDER AND SUICIDE.
Tragedy Follows a Quarrel Between
Two Xentuckians.
ADAIRVILL * Ky.. Jan. 3.— ln an al
tercation which occurred in Dr. Gay's of
fice this morning. Dr. M. T. Gay shot and
GOVERNMENT FOR
PUERTO RICANS
Text of Senator Fora-
Measure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— Senator For
aker to-day introduced a bill providing a
form of government for the island of
Puerto Rico. The bill provides for the
continuance of the laws and municipal
ordinances now in force on the Island
until the Legislature provided for shall
supplant them. The President is em
powered to appoint a Governor, a Supreme
Court, seven heads of departments to
have charge of the various Interests of
the government and flve native citizens,
who, together with the Governor and
heads' of departments, are to constitute
the upper branch of the insular' Legis
lature.
A lower house of sixty-five members to
be elected by citizens of the islands is also
provided for, and all inhabitants of the
island are made citizens of the United
States. The citizens are to elect a dele
gate to Congress, who is to have a seat
but no vote. The island is to be divided
into flve districts for judicial and . legis
lative purposes* and each district is to
have a local court to consist of such a
number of Judges as the Legislature may
provide for. .
The constitution and laws of the United
States are extended to the island so far
as the latter are locally applicable.
The export duties are prohibited and
free trade is provided for between the
island and the United States proper. Ar
ticles imported into Puerto Rico from
other countries than the United States
are to pay the same duties as those im
posed in the ports of this country. The
money thus . collected is to go into the
Island treasury, but money realized from
the internal revenue collections Is to bo
covered into the national treasury of the
United States.
A committee of five members, .two of
whom are to be natives, is provided for
to revise the system of laws and of
Judicial procedure on the island. For 'the
present no franchises are to be provided
except upon the approval both of the
Governor of the island and the President
of the United States.
In speaking of the bill Senator Foraker
said It did not create a Territory out of
the Island nor undertake to give the Island
a Territorial form of government In the
ordinary understanding of that phrase,
adding that it merely provided a simple
form of government which It was believed
would answer the purpose until a more
matured form could be devised. The Sen
ator said the blh was Intended only for
a basis for the committee on Puerto Rico
to act upon.
GAGE TO GIVE INFORMATION.
House Likely to Pass the Resolution
of Sulzer.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. - Chairman
Payne and some of hi 3 associates of the
Ways and Means Committee had an In
formal talk after the adjournment of the
House to-day regarding the Sulzer resolu
tions calling on the Secretary of the
Treasury for Information which had been
referred to the committee. A meeting of
the committee will be held to-morrow and
a pretty thorough understanding was ar
rived at to-day that at to-morrow's meet
ing the resolution would be considered
and probably reported at once to the
House. Some changes are likely to be
made in the resolution by the omission of
the two banks specifically named,' thus
making the Inquiry relate generally to
all banks. It is also understood that per
sonal references are likely to be avoided
in the amended resolutions. In the form
thus reported back to the House it Is
expected the resolutions will pass with
out objection, and any debate on the
ouestlon involved will be deferred, until
the Secretary of the Treasury has an op
portunity to comply with the request for
information.
FREEDOM FOR FILIPINOS.
Mcßae Introduces a Resolution
Granting Independence.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. B.— Representative
Mcßae of Arkansas to-day Introduced the
following joint resolution:
Be It resolved, etc. That the United State*
hereby declares that their purpose In acquiring
jurisdiction and control over the Philippine
Islands was and Is to secure to tha inhabitants
thereof as soon as • practicable after suppression
of the existing rebellion therein a free. Inde
pendent and stable government, republican in
form, and that the United States guarantees
to said Inhabitants protection against ell for
eljtn invasion.
fosttlvely cared by theoo
, .Little Pills.
They also rtlieve Distress from jDyspcfXSls
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect rembdy for Dizziness, Nausea, DrowiU
nes3» Bad Taste fa the Moirth. Coated Tongce
Pafa fa the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels, . Purely Vegetable. .'
Small Pin. Small Doso.
Small Price*'
I between here and Newcastle, and no
j trains are expected to pass until to-mor
row morning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FARMERS IN THE
SOOTH REJOICE
Rain Presages a Boun
tiful Harvest.
Srx-cial Dispatch to The Call,
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 3.— Rain began
falling at an early hour this morning and
has continued steadily all day. Farmers
ajnd orehaniists generally are rejoicing
wilh prospects for a bounteous harvest.
The total precipitation for the storm up
to 5 f>. m. was 1.16 Inches, making 4.53
for the season.
SAX BERNARDINO. Jan. 3— The heav
iest rahi of the seAson began falling here
this morning, about 7 o'clork, and a heavy
downpour has continued throughout the
day. Over one inch has already fallen,
with prospects for more during the night.
RIVERSIDE. Jan. 3.— The heaviest rain
experienced in this vicinity in the past
three years began falling at an early
hour this morning and is still coining
down, the precipitation up to 6 p. m. be
ing slightly more than an inch. Reports
Irom the country sections are to the ef
fect that the storm is general and heavy.
The rain will be worth thousands of dol
lars to farmers, whose acres of grain
were badly in need of it. The season's
precipitation is 2.46 inches.
SANTA ANA. Jan. 3.— The Santa Ana
Valley received a thorough drenching
to-day. Rain commenced to fall at an
early ho-^r this morning and continued
throughout the forenoon with occasional
heavy showers during the afternoon. The
wat«T U rising in both the San Diego
Creek and the Santa Ana River. So far
over two inches has fallen and the in
dications to-night are favorable for
mote. .
SAN" DIEGO, Jan. 3.— The rainfall for
the twenty-four hours ending at 5 p. m.
was half an inch in this city, but in the
Interior it was much heavier. Julian and
Escondldo each report 4 inches, Kamona
3 Inches and other localities from, 2 to
3 inches. The rain came just wli«n it was
most needed and will insure active farm
operations. The downpour continues to
night.
KINGS CITY, Jan. 3.— The total rainfall
for the fctorm is 2.20 Inches. The outlook
for a good crop in the southern part of
Salinas Valley is better than for several
years. Reports from other sections of
the valley indicate about the same rain
fall as here.
SAN MIGUEL. Jan. 3.— Th© rainfall for
the i-eason has now reached 6.07 inches.
The amount for the Ptorm is 1.50.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Jan. 3.— The heav
iest rain of the t-ea.son started at an early
how 'this morning. In a few hours 1.82
inches fell, making a total for the season
of 12.34 inches.
¦ HOLLIriTEH. Jan. 3.— One and a half
lnch.»« is. .the total rainfall for the storm
served up to the people of this valley. For
the first time since ISM the San Benito
Rrvt-r is rushing past town banks full, in
turins an abundance of water for irriga
tion. Prospects were never better
MERCED. Jan. 3.— An inch and a quar
ter of rain has fallen in the present storm,
makir.jjr a- total of over seven inches for
trip Pcason. ,-)&• against 2.24 for the eorres
pondir.K :tirne lajst year. The rain has
proven •entirt-ly .sufficient for grain and
indications ire good for a big crop in this
tec. ion.. : 7 ¦-•. ".•' " .• •.
ANTIOCH; Jin/3i— An extremely high
tiCe and- copious. -.rains have caused the
river, to, flow- o-ver. many levees in the re
claimed district esat of Ahtioch. causing a
los : s of thousands, of dollars. Over two
inefces of rainfall has fallen during the
past •»wenty-f our hours and the tide in
thfe river for the past two days has been
the bigheKt in years. Tule farmers, on
the Islands a r« bringing their stock to
the highlands. .:'•¦¦.
Many tnle ranches that were considered
jwfectly safe have gon-; under. The
«aifr insd hlph In the river that where
It hns Marted- a -break in the levee whole
M-ction* have br-en washed away, and it
wUI takf,an immense amount of labor and
xncn^y t... v-jrair lUe damage.
4i \yOOT>i;AK v p; Jan. 3.-A Ftorm of the
gtanffltfteg?.: variety began Monday
«"V/>nlrig. and the- wind has been blowing
srxt rain faHinp^ver since. At least two
Inches f ain has fallen. A flood now
s^orrss Jmvltable. and It Is predicted that
aJI th.= •tuift land Jn : the northeastern por
tion or. th?. county will. b«? covered with
water during. the next twenty-four hours.
Tn*» ra-hi fall ; for- the- season Is now over
twelve inches. •!•¦ • ¦ -
HAVOC OF THE STORM.
Railway Traffic Delayed by Wash-
outs and Landslides.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 3.— Train traffic was
temporarily suspended on: this branch of
the Santa Fe to-day. owing to a washout
on the road : war : Capistrano which de
layed; the ru^rning train four hours. The
northbound train for Los Angeles was not
s«mt.!oat ¦¦•- • ; . ¦. '"¦-. --.- :-.'
AOSEBiy,; Jan 3.— Fully two Inches of
rain r-ell last night,' making nearly twenty
for the reason. Koads have been washed
out and britipes torn down. A landslide
on the railroad occurred this afternoon
AMENDMENTS TO
FINANCIAL BILL
Changes Made by Sen
ate Committee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.-The Republi
can members of the Senate Finance
Committee authorized Senator Aldrich to
present the amendments to the financial
bill, which he offered in the Senate to
day. The most important relates to the
greenbacks and Is as follows:
After the word "authority" on line 5, page 12,
strike out the remainder of the section and in
sert:
; "And the gold coin received from the sale of
said bonds 6hall first be covered Into the gen
eral fund of the treasury and then exchanged
in the manner hereinbefore provided for an
equal amount of the notes redeemed and held
for exchange, and the United States notes ex
changed In accordance wlfh the provisions of
this section shall, when covered Into the treas
ury, be reissued as now provided by law, and
the gold coin in the reserve fund together with
the redeemed notes held for use as provided in
this section shall at no time exceed the maxi
mum wm of $150,000,000."
All of section 6 is eliminated and the
following new section substituted:
Section 6. That the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized to receive at the treasury
any of the obtaining bonds of the United States
bearing Interest at 5 per cent per annum, pay
able February 1, 1904, and any bonds of the
United States bearing Interest at the rate of 4
per cent per annum, payable July 1. 1907, and
nny bonds of the United States bearing interest
at 2 per cent per annum, payable August 1,
1908. and to Issue In exchange therefor an equal
amount of coupon registered bonds of the
United States, in. such form as he may pre
scribe. In denominations of $50, or any multiple
thereof, bearing interest at the rate of 2 per
cent per annum, payable quarterly, such bonds
to be payable at the pleasure of the United
States after thirty years from the date of their
issue, and said bonds to be payable, principal
and Interest, In gold coin of the present stand
ard value, and to be exempt from the payment
of all taxes or duties of th* United States as
well as from taxation in any form by or under
State, municipal or local authority; provided
that such outstanding bonds may be received in
exchange at a valuation not greater than their
present worth, to yield an income of 2V4 per
cent per annum; and In consideration of the re
duction of the Interest effected, the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized to pay to the
holders of outstanding bonds surrendered for ex
change, out of any money In the treasury not
otherwise appropriated, a sum not greater than
the difference between their present worth, com
puted as aforesaid, and their par value, and the
payments to be made hereunder shall be held
to be payments on account of the sinking fund
created by section 3694 of the Revised Statutes;
and provided, further, that the 2 per cent bonds
to be Issued under the provisions of this act
shall be Issued at not less than par, and they
shall be numbered consecutively In the order
of their Issue and when payment Is made the
last numbers shall be followed until all the
bonds are paid, and whenever any of the out
standing bonds are called for payment Interest
thereon shall cease three months after such
call.
Another amendment is to tha second
section of the bill, where It provides
for maintaining the gold reserve. The
bill, as reported, made it the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to maintain
the gold reserve at $100,000,000 by the sale
of bonds. The amendment provides that
when the reserve falls below that amount
it shall be his duty to restore it to the
maximum of $150,000,000.
It is stated by members of the commit
tee that the amendments are for the pur
pose of making more clear the intention
of the bill and leave no question as- to
the construction of the law when en
acted.
Senator Chandler of New Hampshire
to-day offered an amendment to the
financial bill adding two sections as fol
lows:
Section 9. That In accordance with the act
of November 1, 1593. which repeals a part ot
the act of July 14. IS9O, It Is hereby re
affirmed and declared to be the existing policy
of the United States to continue the use of
both gold and sliver as standard money and to
coin both gold and silver into money of equal
intrinsic and interchangeable value; such equal
ity to be secured through International agree
ment or by such safeguards of legislation as
will Insure the maintenance of the parity In
the value of the coins of the two metals and
the equal power of every dollar at all times
in the markets and in the payments of debts,
and it is declared that the efforts of the Gov
ernment should be steadily directed to the es
tablishment of some safe system of bimetallism
as will maintain at all times the equal power
of every dollar coined or Issued by the United
States In the markets and the payment of
debts.
Section 10. That the provisions of the act of
March 3, 1597, authorizing the President to ap
point commissioners to any International con
ference called by the United States or any
other country with a view to securing by Inter
national agreement a fixity or relative value
between gold and silver as money by means
of a common ratio between these metals, with
free mlntace at such ratio, be and the same
are hereby re-enacted and continued In force.
SENATORS INSIST
Oil INFORMATION
Philippine Question Is
Called Up.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.-The Senate
evinced a disposition to-day to take up
the work of the session In earnest, and,
while the sitting was of only a little more
than an hour's duration, a large number
of important bills were introduced and a
definite foundation lajd for proceeding
with the financial bill by fixing the hour
for beginning debate on this measure for
2 o'clock to-morrow. The most notable
event of the day was a protest entered by
Hoar of Massachusetts to the summary
disposition of resolutions asking for in
formation about the conduct of the Phil
ippine war. He indicated a purpose to
demand consideration for such measures,
even at the expense of the financial bill.
The 10th inst. was named as the date for
eulogies in memory of the late Vico
President Hobart.
When the Senate resumed its sittings
Allen presented a resolution calling upon
the Secretary of the Treasury for all let
ters passing between the Treasury De
partment and the National City Bank
and the Hanover National Bank o< Isew
York, and also the agreements made ber
tween the Treasury Department and
those banks concerning the deposit of
funds, etc.
Aldrich objected to present considera
tion and the resolution went over until
to-morrow: A like disposition was made
of a resolution offered by Pettigrew
calling upon the Secretary of War for in
formation as to whether General Torres
of the Philippine army came under a flag
of truce as a representative of Aguinaldo
to General Otis after the beginning or
hostilities laat February, making an ex
planation of the outbreak and suggesting
means of terminating the troubles. The
resolution was objected to by feyeml
Senators. Pettigrew's resolution in lull
was as follows: ;
Resolved. That the Secretary of War. be. -.and
he is hereby, directed to inform the Senate
whether General Torres, one of the offleera of
the Philippine army, came to General Otis with
a flag of truce on February 5. 1899. the day
after th* fighting commenced between our
forces and those of Aguinaldo, and stated to
General Otis that Aguinaldo declared that fight
ing had begun accidentally and was not author
ized by Aguinaldo. and that Aguinaldo wished
to have it stopped, and that, to bring about a
conclusion of hostilities, he proposed the estab
lishment of a neutral zone between the two
armies of a width that would be agreeable to
General Otis, so that during the peace negotia
tions there might be no further. danger of 'Con
flict between the two armies; and whether Gen
eral Otis replied that, fighting having once be
gun, must co on to the grim end; also, was
General Otis directed by the Secretary of "War
to make such answer, and did General Otis tele
graph the Secretary of War on February 9 aa
follows: '"'•
"Aguinaldo now applies for a cessation of
hostilities and conferences. I have, declined to
answer." . . - "}*•
And did General Otis afterward reply that he
was directed by the Secretary of War. and what
answer. If any. did he or the Secretary of war
make to the application to cease fighting.
Aldrich. chairman of the Finance Com
mittee, gave notice of his Intention", to call
up the financial bill to-morrow immediate
ly after the disposal of the routine morn-
Ing business, provided there was no objec
tion. The notice brought Hoar to his
feet with an objection which was based
upon the fact that several Senators had
objected to the consideration of Petti
grew's Philippine resolution.
"If" said Hoar, "there is to be an
absolute suppression of all requests for in
formation concerning the war with the
Filipinos, I shall object to the taking up
of other matters during the morning
hour when such resolutions are pending."
He called attention to the fact that fdu'r
Senators had risen upon the presentation
of the Pettigrew resolution to object to
consideration. This was done in the face
of the fact that it was the uniform cus
tom of the Senate to allow resolutions of
inquiry to go through without obstruction.
He wanted to know if this policy was to
be continued.
The statement brought Aldrich, Chand
ler and Hawley to their feet. Aldrich dis
claimed any intention of suppressing in
formation concerning military affairs.
Hawley and Chandler both explained that
the suggestions concerning the Pettigrew
resolution had only covered the point of
postponement until to-morrow, which,
they asserted, was not out of the ordi
nary. With a few further words on the
part of Mr. Hoar the incident was closed.
HOUSE BILLS.
Income Tax Amendment Introduced
by Snodgrass.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— Among the
bills and resolutions introduced in the
House to-day were the following:
By Cooney of Missouri— Joint resolution for
a constitutional amendment providing that no
new State the territory of which is not contigu
ous to the United States shall be admitted by
Congress Into the Union.
- By F.nodgrass— Constitutional amendment au
thorizing an Income tax.
By Shafroth of Colorado— Joint resolution
proposing the return to Mexico of the cannon,
flags and banners captured during the Mexican
war, "with .appropriate expression of friendship
and'good will." '¦/
By Bromwell of Ohio— Joint resolution propos
ing the following amendment to the constitu
tion: "Congress shall have power to define
trusts and to regulate, control or prohibit the
same within any State, Territory, district or
any other place subject to Its Jurisdiction."
By Grosvenor of Ohio— Relating to navigation.
Including bills extending the laws of commerce
and navigation to Hawaii and to Puerto Rico;
giving to Cuban vessels favorable treatment in
American ports.
By Hilt of Illinois, chairman of the Commit
tee on Foreign Affairs— Allowing foreigners to
sue in the United States Circuit Courts for in
demnities heretofore claimed through the State
Department, and punishing In the Federal
courts the violation of treaty protection given
to foreigners.
By Stevens of Texas— To lease th« public
grazing lands.
By Galnes of Tennessee— Reducing the duty
on paper used In printing newspapers.
By Lewis ol Georgia— To repeal the stamp
tax
By Bell of Colorado— To provide for Interest
on Government deposits. ,
SENATE BILLS.
Proctor Would Amend th© Chinese
Exclusion Laws.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— Following are
the more important bills Introduced In the
Senate to-day:
By Ross— Regulating appointments to civil
office In the outlying dependencies. It provides
for appointments to puch places regardless of
political affiliations and without sectional fa
voritism, and for removal only upon written
charges. No examination Is required for ap
pointment. _
By Proctor— To amend the Chinese exclusion
laws so as to commit their administration to
the Bureau of Immigration of the Treasury
Department.
By Lodge— Authorizing an Investigation of
the economic relations with China and the Ori
ent generally by a commission appointed by
the President, who is to fix Its number and also
the compensation of its members.
By McComas— Establishing a Department of
Commerce and Industries.
By Allen— For a pension of $50 per month to
the widow of Colonel Stotzenburg of the Ne
braska Regiment, who waa killed In the Phil
ippines.
By Perkins— Providing for a fund for the pen
sioning of members of the life-saving and rev
enue cutter service, and also providing for
compensation to persons • Injured while em
ployed In the Government civil service.
By Butler— Contstltutlonal amendment author
izing an Income tax.
Presidential Nominations.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
To be United States Consuls— Thomas L.
Prentlss of Massachusetts, at Rouen, France;
George L. Darte of Pennsylvania, at Martin
ique, transferred to Patras, Greece: Alonzo C.
Yates of Virginia, at Patras. transferred to
Martinique.
War— Brigadier General J. C. Bates, to be
major general of the volunteers; Brigadier Gen
eraly Lloyd Wheaton, to b« major general of
volunteers by, brevet.
To be brigadier generals— Colonel 8. B. M.
Young, Lieutenant x Colonel Arthur Mac Arthur
Lieutenant Colonel ¦William Ludlow.
Also a number of appointments and pro
motions in the regular and volunteer
army.
CONGRESS RESUMES ITS LABORS.
GAGE ASKED FOR
AN EXPLANATION
House Flurry Over Pub
lic Funds Deposits.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.— The House was
in session only fifteen minutes to-day, and
during that time had a little flurry over
an attempt by Sulzer of New York to se
cure consideration for a resolution ask
ing information concerning the relations
of the Treasury Department with the Na
tional City Bank of New York. The reso
lution was referred to the Committee on
Ways and Means.
There were premonitions of a Btorm
when the House assembled. Galnes (Dem.)
of Tennessee obtained precedence over
Sulzer by rising to a question of personal
privilege. He had read a publication al
leging that he had stated that in voting
for the Tayler resolution to investigate
the case of Brlgham H. Roberts he had
been actuated by motives of self-preser
vation. He denounced the publication as
false and without foundation.
Sulzer was then recognized and offered
his resolution, which was read at the
clerk's desk, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, -and he hereby Is. directed to furnish the
House of Representatives as soon as possible
with the followlne information:
1. All letters, agreements, papers or docu
ments between the Treasury Department of the
United States and any person connected there
with and the National City Bank and the Han
over National Bank of the city of New York,
r* any person acting for them or either of
them, since the 4th day of March, 1897, , relating
to the deposition of public funds or revenues
in nald bank or banks, or any other relations
or business transactions now existing or had be
tween the Government and the said banks, or
either ot them.
2. The amount of public 'money, bonds or
revenue deposited with said banks, or either of
them, by the Government, for what length of
time, and the reasons therefor, and whether the
paid banks, or either of them, have paid the
Government any Interest on the said deposits,
and. If so, how much, and all other facts con
cerning . the came or In any way relating
thereto. ¦_
The Speaker immediately ruled that the
resolution under the rules must go first
to a committee and was not privileged.
"If the committee does not report it
back within one week, does it become
privileged?" asked Sulzer.
"It does," responded the Speaker.
'-'I now ask unanimous consent for the
consideration of the resolution," said Sul
zer. ¦ f
"The resolution should be first consid
ered by a committee," said Payne, floor
leader. for the majority. "I object/
The resolution was then referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency. •
That ended the little flurry, and at 12:15
p. m., upon Payne's motion, the House
adjourned until to-morrow.
The Sulzer resolution relative to the
Treasury Department probably will be re
ported back from the Ways and Means
Committee to the House, so amended as
to omit specific reference to the two banks,
and to refer generally to all banks. The
committee will meet prior to the session
of the House to-morrow to adopt this
course.
FRUIT SHIPPED EAST
UNDER A PROTEST
Growers Take This Course to Avoid
Loss t)u Its Rotting in
the Cars.
IX)S AXGEL-E3, Jan. 3.— Although the
:!trus fruit shippers have not abandoned
their fight- agarnst the two railroad com
parers with * ttt oror.ee to- the routing of
hhlprrf'sts Cast.- in ord»r to prevent the
absolute loss of their fruit which' has al
ready been loaded on carp, they decided
¦ to-day to.f orward the shipments to the
Ktistcrn markets practically on the road
stated by the railroad.
This teas done only under protest, and
try taking. tbis action the shippers assert
that, they liavu not departed Irom the
stand thty u>ok when the order repulat
. Ing routing went -Into effect January 1.
Their -action Is by no means a Furren
der to the companies, but is taken after
careful consideration of the several
courses left open to them.
Tlie fact that the shipments were made
under protest was noted on the bills of
lading, and the railroad companies were
formally notified in writing in various
places that by sending . the loaded cars
East the shippers did not admit the right
of the companies to demand absolute con
trol of the routings, but that the ship
ments were made in order to save the
fruit which had been loaded and in order
also to prevent an unwarranted advance
in price in the several Eastern markets,
such an advance under the circumstances
not being desired.
To-night all the cars through this part
of the State, which have been loaded
since January 1, were forwarded East, or
as many of them as could be sent out
last, night were forwarded.
EARTHQUAKE SHOCK
KILLS SIX HUNDRED
Heavy Loss of Life During a
Temblor That Visits a Section
of Russian Transcaucasia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 3.— The latest
reports from Achalkalek, in the Govern
ment of Tiflis, show that 600 lives were
lost during the earthquake which visited
that district on Monday.
WILL SELECT
A CANAL ROUTE
Panama Commissioners
Ready to Sail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 3.— The commission
appointed by President McKinley under
an act of Congress to determine the most
feasible and practicable route for a canal
across the isthmus of Panama will sail on
Saturday for the scene of its labors by a
steamer of the Atlas line. The members
of the commission are: Rear Admiral
Walker, U. S. N. (retired), chairman; Pro
fessor Emery R. Johnson of the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania; Professor W. H.
Burr of Columbia University; George S.
Morrison, civil engineer. New York; ex-
United States Senator Pasco of Florida;
Alfred Noble, civil engineer, Chicago;
General Peter Haines. U. S. A.; Professor
L,. M. Haupt, University of Pennsylvania;
General O. H. Ernst. U. S. A.
A member of the commission said to
day: "The duty of the commission is not
to decide between the claims of the Pan
ama canal and the Nicaragua canal—
though it may come to that— but to deter
mine the most feasible and practicable
route, wherever that may be. Whether
there is any route preferable to either of
those which has become so well known we
shall do our utmost to discover.
"The commission Is absolutely without
bias. It is uncommittea, open-minded,
judicial.
"We shall sail directly to Greytown.
whence we shall proceed to make a full
examination of the Nicaragua canal route.
Upon reaching the Pacific side we shall
go down the coast to Panama and follow
the route of the French canal back to the
Atlantic side. Alternative routes will
then be considered and their investigation
undertaken. We shall be kept at the
Isthmus for probably three months. We
shall of course avail ourselves of all the
best existing means of travel, but expect
that some of the journey will have to be
accomplished on foot."
killed Kdward O. Griffin and then shot
himself through the heart. Both died In
stantly. They were prominent In social
and commercial circles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1900.
Li\w
Furniture Buyers
Can and exazsla* my prleaa en furnltnra.
carpets, stores, etc., before purchasing •!¦*•
where. You can save folly 20 per cant by boy-
Ing her*. Liberal credit extended to all: t»
worth of furniture for Jl per we«Jc
Estimates given on compUta hooj* furnlti-
ing from cellar to garret.-
T. BRILLIANT,
335-340 POST ST.,
B«t. Stockton and PowaO.
Opp. Union Bquar«k
Pre» delivery Oakland, Ai»m«da and Bwka-
ley. Open evenings.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
543 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKB AMD Pld IRON.
J C WILSON &CO M . 100 B*"«7B *"«7 Street.
J-V« YTli,JUil U WU-, Telephone Main IS«4.
Sore Spot
Eye-Glasses
Can b« fcought anywhere, but our clips, which.
fit the rose without a dip or pinch, can only >>'
ha 1 of »*•
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-.
Ing. Factory oa premises. Phone. Main .Ml
642 Market st. laaTßUMfim
"««»t1 CMO.IiC: t RwD'Kb
FRESH AND SAtT MEATS
JAS. BOYES & CO Butchers, 104
JAJ- UUILJtt W-i ciay. TeL Mala li»i.
FURS.
J.N. LOFSTAD £,, K **;; n * *• •¦>•*"*
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY Morton * ardiey.
TTCJICniI ruUllV&l, prop,.. tt 4 Fwmout
et. Ceetlnss of Every Description M«da to
Order. TeL Black 1306.
PAPER DEALER!!.
WIT I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPEB CO..
TT ILLAJICI IE 722 Montgomery rt.
4e rf*AgJSX*™*st4il r»mady for OooottU&Z
"i|g«rcCll£B\j3a O!<-«t, Sp«rraatorrhce<
*LT/lili»»«inTi Whi:«j, unnatural lid.
RJkJf Ounot»l fcj charj{e», or »ny iaflirn m^ '
B*f noi to •uloiaxa. tion. irritation or uicera*
B^.fl p " T ""* "" >t ** lott - t'oa ol mucoas men*.
tfj^VHEEvm CHEVCiICa branes. Non-aatrtngenS.
Wa CINOKIUTI.O -E}*?*J Sold °' *>«MrciaU,
ir j
PRINTINa
F C HIJfiHF^ PRINTER.
STATIONER AND PRIN r ER.
M »° PARTRIDGE ?/ <^£? B
2IIIJiIvPIERCE'S ELECTRIC BELT."
¦•*:\*rOBTH. : ITfl ;"wyiQflT ' • tf\ ?,.1 LAW BACK CUBED.
•*>'-:"?¦,. tv' odiA. .; *;" ( /<\)//\s// vL V July ie 1m
*?•'-¦•¦•;' •" V'«-' .-">«h '9t •' ijir ijtflf i7^*i!. *!jjZ_L Pierce Electric Co.
*:&*£*^«£ E *\ //*XS2sfc_ k Your, very truly -
4i iW YWR BELT IS/. WORTH ITS. ,*>Vi*7 : °P hlr « C)U -
? 'WEIGHT IN -GOLP. Respectfully, ' • I*V^>. fyThousands of. cures Ilka the
4>. ¦ -• -• .•. • • ' E>D. T. N'OE, • '.'/ \- foregoing have been made by Dr.
? •*• '•..•¦ : . Rio .VUts, Cal. . Pierces world-renowr.ed Electrlo
?- *' . • -. r- '.-¦-•• • Belt. It Is warranted to be the
? racist" rdentlfte knfl durable body battery ever patented or sold In America. Prices much
"^ lower than -ofher* t>( far' Inferior ouallty ore sold at. Lf you want the BEST,- you must
J Jute *T»R. PIERCE*S."
4, -:For fulf particulars send aie stamp for "BOOKLET NO. 2" or call at tha office.
t electric co,,
X No f3O JhtarkM St. <o»pc»lte Palace Hotel) Ban Frandaco. Eastern Of floe: No. U
2, TWbune Building. New York. • . •
0*»«. ???»???*?»»*¦»¦»?»»????¦»?? ???*»?*?•??????+ ¦»??-» ?¦»¦»<»¦
SWORN STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AND VALUE OS DE-
CEMBER «1. 1599. OF THE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
ii Qy TH tS *™
San Ranc'p Savings Union,
A CORPORATION
Doing Business at
532 CALIFORNIA STREET.
N.E. Coraer of Webb Street.
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
% ASSETS.
I— PROMISSORY NOTES, secured
by first Hen on real estate within
this State, the actual value of
which notes la $14,253.023 41
2— BONDS of the United States
Government and bonds and stocks
of municipal. Quasi public and
Industrial corporations, standing
on our books at 10^177.(39 83
the actual value betnr $400,000 In
excess thereof.
Part of these are kept In the
vaults of this corporation and
part in a box rented from the Na-
tional Safe Deposit Co.. in tha
city of New Tork.
3— BANK PREMISES 400,000 00
Situated at the northeast cor-
ner of California and Webb
Streets, Jn the City of San Fran-
4— OTHER REAL ESTATE 1 403.1*3 O
Situated In the State of Cali-
fornia: part of It Is productive,
and Its actual value Is In excess
of the amount stated.
B-LOANS ON BONDS AND
STOCKS • 140.C4 00
All said bonds and stock certifi-
cates are kept In the vaults of
this corporation.
«— SAFES and FURNITURE In the
office of the Bank of the value of 5, COO 00
7— CASH In U. o. Gold and Silver
Coin L 256.190 M
of which there Is:
In Vault »3T7.r6 W
In Bank 503.563 91
Total Assets .^7.783.0 7S
INABILITIES.
I— TO DEPOSITORS this corpora-
tion owes deponlts amounting to.
and th« actual value of which is..SS6.U9,SSI 40
• The condition of said deposits
Is that they are payable only out
of said assets and are fully se-
cured thereby. '.'.:. ¦
2— TO STOCKHOLDERS:
Capital Stock $1,000,000 W
Reserve Fund 210.068 85
The actual value of- which Is 1,110, «*» SS
The condition of said liability to
Stockholders is that no part of
the amount can be paid to them,
or In any way withdrawn except
In payment of losses, during the
existence of the corporation, nor
until all depositors shall have
been paid In full th« amount of
their deposits and declared divi-
dends.
3— CONTINGENT FUND, lncludlnff
the amount of accrued but uneol-
lectefl interest on Investments 407.331 It
4— GENERAL ACCOUNTS, balance. 37.430 3)
These accounts embrace amounts
held for purposes of guarantee
and rams the final application
of which has not been deter-
mined.
Total Liabilities '|37.70.C3 'A
SAN FRANCISCO. January Sd. 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, by
[Signed] EDWARD B. POND. President.
[Signed] LOVELL WHITE. Cashier. .
STATE OF CALJFOItJTIA. 1
City and County of m.
San Francises J
EDWARD B. POND and LOVELL. WHITE,
being each separately, and duly sworn each
for himself, says: That said EDWARD B.
POND Is President, and said L.OVEXX. WHITE
Is Cashier of the Ban Francisco Savings Union,
the corporation above mentioned, and that th«
foregoing statement Is true. ' ¦
[Signed] EDWARD B. POND.
[Signed] LOVELL. WHITE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Id
day of January. A. D, 1300.
[Seal] . MARTIN ARONSOHN.
Notary Public In and for the City and County
* of San Kran.-is<v->. State of California.
f&f "f A. LI. A'onwm* JHs*o»e»— Failing M«m-
*/ sc\ °*7> Slsapleasneaa, etc.. eatnad by o*w-
flf .Vl work and Indiaeretioas. - Thep quirklv
Z % £fiA and «»r-Jv restora Lost Vitality in old
)\ •*/ or rouas. and fit a maa for stadr. tan-
wSSv* s Tl. >>•¦• or plaaaora. Fravwnt laaaaityaari
if taken ia time. ThMr
dm shows immadiato improvement and aSaet* CTJSB
w hero all others fall. Insist upon hi? i n a tha ga n uin*
AJaac Tablets. They have rare) thousand* and will
cnr« yon. W* gUn a positlv* written gaaraata* to »t-
f set a cars in *ach eaas or refund the money. Prte*
RAa4* Per packacn. or six packages [full trvaa.
DUCTS, mant) forSS.AO by mail. Ia plain wrapper,
noon reoaipt ofprios. Circulars tree.
AJAX REMEDY CO.,
For m!« In S. F. by Lelpnita tt Co.. No Psr-
c«nta*e Drue Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. F.. Oakl'd.
•THE LATE COMMANDER JAMES W. CARLIN.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.-^- The Navy : Department* has been advised by cable
f rora' Aflmlral Watson of the death of Commander James W. Carlin on
board the Culgoa from an attack of peritonitis. He was on his way to the
naval "hospital at Yokohama for treatment when' he died on December SO
*st •'..¦
¦ . - — — — — ... ,
James W. Carlin was born May I*. ISIS. He was graduated from the Naval
Academy In June, ISCS, after which his record in the navy was as follows:
Nipsic, West Indian Etatlon, 1565-C3; promoted to ensign April, 1569; promoted to
master July 10, 1ST0; Saco, European station, 1572; Monocacy, Asiatic station, 1572-73;
commissioned as lieutenant February, 1574; torpedo duty, Newport, R. 1., 1874;
Brooklyn. South American station, 1575; Adams, "West Indian station, 1576;
Michigan, lakes. 1577; Constitution (training ship), Philadelphia, in 1577 and Euro
.pean station. I$7S; Alaska Pacific station. ISSI-S2; Lackawanna, ISS2-S4; receiving
ship Independence, ISS4-S6; Alert. ISS6-S7. Lieutenant Carl.fi was executive officer
of the Vandalia in the memorable hurricane at Apia, Samoa, March 16, ISS3, and
after the loss of Captain Schoonmaker he was in command. From May, 1596, to
February. IK'S, he was inspector of steel at the Union Iron Works. He was pro
moted to lieutenant commaxider in 1535 and in May, IS9S. was ordered to Join the
Monterey. Later on he was assigned to the command of one of the Spanish gun
boats captured at Manila and promoted to the rank of commander.
BANISHMENT FOR
FRENCH PLOTTERS
Probable Punishment of
Anti-Semites.
Special piapatch to Tfce CalL
PARIS. Jau'. 3.— The 'conspiracy trial be
fore the'Ser.a^e^ sitt'.r.gr as the High Court.
ca^3e t a' £n. > rid to-day, except for the Ben
terJtie* .of-: those convicted. "Out of the
Fev.en-ti;-Qv.e 'alleged' conspirators, who
Were "tErorrai 'into-- prison five months ago,
'find - i eft»O' have boen since released in.
]bat;che*; owing to want of evidence, only
MXt'-.Deroulc-de. Guerin and Buffet have
been found guilty, and these three are
accorded', "extenuating circumstances,"
¦tv-hich reduces their punishment to deten
tion. In a- 'fortress or banishment. It Is
uhder&TOo/i that -the sentence will vary
between; five and ten years' detention.
ProsMi'nt Loubtt may extend pardons in
accVrdhr.ee with the Berenger law in
favor, of first offenders.
.." Strong precautionary measures were
: iaken to-day In the vicinity of the Senate
Sioape. but there trap no t*lgn of disorder
ar.jTchore when the judgments were ren
dered. 4&J3*
* AH -the Nationalist organs describe the
result <>f the trial as it fiasco for the.Gov
.err.ment after the flourish of trumpets
-¦with- which it announced the discovery of
"*¦ gxe£.t plot against the republic. They
. Inplst the whole Indictment fizzled out
«"ad that the acquittal of M. Buffefs fel
low Royalist? disposes of the charge of
fi.'- Royalist conspiracy. Moreover, they
' declare that the evidence proved that M.
•perouTede had always been a political
enemy of M. Buffet.' " %
The Journal o>s Debats this evening
.pays: "The light thrown by the testimony
ftaV shown that the charges against the
'•"liro:a!isTs. are perfectly empty. The ac
¦ quilral of M. Ru # fT>t's co-prisoners has
<Jpsiroyed the charge."
'.After dwelling upon the discharge of
.fc'atfh after batch of prisoners, fhe paper
.(.occludes In the following sarcastic
r'train: •¦*-"/•
'•• "JX ~ s upon tht- remaining three or four
tha-t--th«' Government can alone rely in
<i-:*d£r jo giv*» France a 'retrospective
•tehado^r and to conjure up a vision of
outrage.', revolution and catastrophe from
/which. the vigilance of the Government
his Ffcarod her."
:--Ttie ililgh Court . will pronounce ?en
.icinccV to-morrow. M. i Guerln Is held
: j3rg'lHy -of conspiracy and of Insults and
>iu*ra'ges," at the expense of the police, but
trellsiicauCtted of ihe charge of a pre
ta'e'ttiated attempt to kill.
.."Tie iriai has cost 600.000 francs, in addl
¦•tfon "¦•*<> "the expenses of detention. It is
assorted that MM. Derouled'e, Buffet and
•X3**«rln' trill- be condemned to pay. the
COMMANDER CARLIN
SUMMONED BY DEATH
DB. KZLXnSBfS > SWAMP BOOT.
WATCH YOUR
KIDNEYS/
The Most Important Organs in too
Human Body — Tn;y Throw
Oot All Disease.
Swamp' Root Cnres Weak Kidneys .
Does your back ache?
Do you have pains across your kid-
neys ?.
Is your complexion chalky. v gray,
white? .;* ?
Is your skin dry or feverish? Ar»
there puffy bags beneath your eyes?
Are your eyes dull, listless and dead
looking?
Are you Irritable and hard to pltase?
Do you feel as though you have heart
trouble? -¦ .
Do you have to urinate several times ;
in the night? Is there ever a scalding,
burning sensation there?
Do you feel the desire immediately to
urinate again, with no result?
Is your urine clouded, thick or milky?
Is there any sediment or do particles
float in it?
Don't neglect these conditions, and if ¦
they or any part of them are yours.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,,
will be found just the medicine you
need.
Here's a simple test for the kidneys.
Just as certain as though a physician
were in personal attendance on your
case: Pour some of your "morning"
urine in a glass or bottle and allow It
to stand twenty- four hours. Then hold
It up to the light and If you find any
settlings or sediment, or If it is thick
or milky, or if small particles float
about In It, don't hesitate for a mo-
ment, but write at once to Dr. Kilmer
& Co., mention the San Francisco.
Daily Call, and Immediately begin
using the sampled Swamp-Root which
you will receive at once, absolutely f re» .
by mail. The results will surprise you.
Swamp-Root ia purely vegetable,
pleasant to take, and Is for sale by
druggists everywhere In bottles of two
sizes and two prices^ — 50 cents and $1. j
Bear In mind the name. Swamp-Root,
and the address, BlnEfhamton. N. Y.
i i i
Weekly Call ,S 1.00 per Year
Evans' Ale and Evans' Stout.
The world's standard for perfection In brewing.*
Cut His Throat.
'¦/SA'ji^OSE.- Jg.ru 3.— Jacob Shott.'a Swiss
labHr^r; who attempted to kill himself at
iMa<irjtfnle'-/tliis morning, was brought to
•.t.he -.Ojpurty.- Jail, and is being held on a
.rhijrg-p of ia-teUirbl-ng the peace. .Th«» In
:: iS.]t-r(3'."iiia'n.:p'tarted'- oft a glorioud drunk
Jubilee celebration' and his at-
3t, «*<»lf-destruction is the finale of
It -'A:' 'couple. l.-of : days ago he' went to
It Is a WeMnown Fact
THAT OtTK.
During the month of December proved phenomenally
SUCCGSSTUIa
This could NOT have occurred had the PRICE
AND QUALITY of our goods been other than satisfac-
tory to the public, whose generous patronage we thank-
in continuing our PEREMPTORY MONEY-RAI*SING SALE
Into the New Year we axe fully aware that its further success
must depend solely upon such SPECIAL. OR EXTRAORDINARY
INDUCEMENTS as we may offer to our patrons, and accord-
ingly, with implicit confidence in the motto, "QUICK SALES AND
LIGHT PROFITS," we respectfully invite attention to the follow-
ing SPECIAL ITEMS from among our large and well-selected
stock:
1000 Pieces CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, being a large assortment
of new patterns, 1% to 8 inches wide, at 20 pcr 1 cent under
regular prices, will be sold at from 5 cents to 20 ' cents per
yard.
E5 Pieces of FINE BLACK CREPONS, SERGES and VENE-
TIANS, patterns and positively a bargain at the prices
charged.
A Laree Lot of LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UMBRELLAS,
paragon frames, rustic and Dresden handles, reduced in price
from $5.00 to $2.00 each.
40 Dozen 2-CLASP LADIES' FRENCH KID GLOVES, all sizes,
embroidered backs, reduced from $1.25 to 75 cents per pair.
1200 LADIES' FLANNELETTE "WRAPPERS (a special feature
of our sale) at a sweeping reduction in price, will be sold at
from 95 cents to $1.75 each. An extraordinary offer.
600 LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS, also an extraordinary offer. Price,
90 cents to $1.95 each.
85 LADIES' ALL-WOOL PLAID DRESS SKIRTS, positively re-
duced from $4.50 to $2.50 each.
A Large Lot of LADIES' ALPACA AND WOOLEN WAISTS,
which \re will clear out at EESS THAN COST.
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
Madror.e to work on the Plnard ranch.
This morning he tried to cut his throat
with a pocket-knife. The weapon was
dull and aside from a bad Jagged wound
and loss of considerable blood no harm
wa« done. In a few days he will be as
well as ever. Shott is repentant and says
he will not try again.
ANY ONE CAN MAKE
CYANIDE OF MERCURY
Testimony of a Chemist in the Mo-
lineux Poisoning Case at
New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3.— ln the trial of Ro
land. B. Molineux for the murder of Mrs.
Katherine J. Adams the most interesting
testimony to-day was that of John P. Yo
cum; a chemist and a warm friend of
Harry Cornish. He said that any chemist
could make cyanide of mercury, the poi
son which is alleged to have caused the
death of Mrs. Adams. He had made it
himself' and the process was easy. He
took Prussian blue and yellow oxide of
mercury, boiled them together, filtered the
mass and the precipitate contained Cyan
ide of mercury. Still other drugs would
yield cyanide of mercury. All of the
drugs required were what is known as
dry colors. Molineux, It will be remem
bered, was superintendent of a dry color
factory in Newark. Yocum testified 'that
any man known as a chemist could pro
cure the ingredients of cyanide of mer
cury even without registering his name.
Alvln A. Harpster, who has figured as
a friend of C.ornish and as an object of
Molineux' s hate, had been expected to
give important testimony as to Mollneux's
ill will toward Cornish, but his examina
tion to-day developed nothing important.
Andre Bustanoby, an employe of the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club and who had
been, he said, "very friendly" with Mol
ineux. testified that when the fac simile
of the poison package address was pub
lished he recognized the handwriting as
that of Molineux and told Secretary Ad
ams of the csub of his discovery-
Other witnesses were policemen who
were connected with the case after the
murder; clerks In patent medicine houses,
who handled the "Cornish" and "Bar
nett" letters alleged to have been written
by Molineux, and members of the. Knick
erbocker Athletic Club to whom Cornish
hart phown his Christmas present, whose
contents afterward killed Mrs. Adams.
Their testimony built up the case of the
prosecution, home of them were not
cross-examined. ¦--%¦
CUBAN PRISONERS FREED.
Justice Done to Men Who Had Been
Held "Without Trial.
HAVANA. Jan.' 3.— General Wood to-day
issued an important order, giving freedom
to forty men in the province of Santa
Clara,* Some of them had been detained
without trial and others were suffering
excessive punishment. AH had been re
leased ten months before by an order Is
sued by General Bates, but they were im
rr.odlatPly rearrested on orders from divi
sion headquarters on the ground that a
dfp.-irtment commander did not have, the
power to pardon. After looking carefully
into thf> cares. -Governor 'Wood decided
that the Jud^m^nt of General Bates re
garding their release was wise and conse
quently to-day's order setting them at lib
erty was promulgated. Reports from
other departments are daily expected, and
it Is believed that before the end of the
month large- numbers will be released, es
pecially In the province of Havana. The
cases of those who have been held for a
long time In detention without trial will
b<» the first to be investigated.
DECISION TO FAVOR BRITONS.
Rumors- That Portugal Must Pay
Five Hundred Million Francs.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright, 1900. by James Oor
don Bennett.
BERNE, Jan. 3.— According to rumors
current here the Swiss arbitration court
will award 500,000.000 fraacs to British
claimants In the Delagoa Railroad case.
These rumors, however, are unauthorized.
Yolo Supervisors Organize.
WOODLAND. Jan. 3.— The Board of
Supervisors reorganized to-day by the re
election of Supervisor Fredrlcks as chair
man. The board will probably fill all the
positions at its disposal on Wednesday.
HAVANA. Jan. 3.— Yellow fever
statistics- for 1899, while not
alarming, ' show conclusively that
the fight against the disease is
not yet won. The report for De
cember shows: New cases, 70; deaths,
22; recovered, 30; under treatment, 25.
There are now seventeen cases In the
hospital. Of the patients twelve were
Americans and fifty Spaniards. Six of
the former and ten of the latter died.
Experts hold that the difference in the
ratio of deaths was due to the use of
alcohol. Comparisons of the whole year
with the ten preceding years is favor
able, but the last three months of 1899
were unfavorable. Since September 1
there have been elghty-threo deaths.
During the corresponding period In 1898
the total was ninety-eight.
A damaging feature of the situation Is
that after a 'year of American occupation
and all the work and money expended, it
is worse than during the final month of
the Spanish regime with its attendant
reconcentrados and troops. The weather
has been* favorable. There was' a dry
summer and it is now cool. The explana
tion offered is the great influx of Spanish
immigrants, who were .not acclimated,
and' who are huddled in the lower
quarters of the city. They were badly
nourished and were unable to resist the
disease. One prominent fact is the failure
of house disinfection to kill the germs of
disease. Every house In the city has
been disinfected several times.
It is not to be considered that there is
any alarm here. There is no epidemic.
The situation is identical with the fore
cast of many physicians and others, who
admit a lack of knowledge of conditions
controlling the disease.
DEPOSITORS SCORE A POINT
Execution Secured Against the Union
Savings Bank.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 3.— The depositors
scored another point in their suits against
the defunct Union Savings Bank to-day
and secured an execution against the
bank for $354,882 75. This Judgment was
obtained a few weeks ago by L. Argues
and others against the Union Sav
ings Bank. At that time Judge Lorigan
made an order staying execution. Attor
ney Welch for the depositors to-day asked
that that order be dismissed and an ex
ecution Issue against the Institution. At
torney Ed Rea of the bank opposed it.
Judge Lorigan granted the order for an
execution. . •
The bank will undoubtedly apply for an
injunction prohibiting the Sheriff from
levying upon the bank while it is in liqui
dation.
Attorney Rea became rattled when the
order was granted and remarked that a
few days ago Attorney Welch tried to
enter into a conspiracy with his father,
ex-Boss Rea. the president of the bank,
to have the latter force the remaining de
positors to engage Welch to sue for them
and to pay him o per cent.
Crandall Again on Trial.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3— The taking of
testimony In the trial of Frank Crandall
for the killing of John Bowman began
this morning. This Is the third time he
has been tried for the crime. Once the
Jury disagreed and. once Crandall was
convicted of manslaughter and sentenced
to ten years' Imprisonment.
MANILA, Jan. B.— The health offi
cers have found j a native with
all the Bymptonjs of bubonic
plague in a house in the "walled
city," where two suspicious
deaths have occurred. The patient has
been isolated and every precaution has
been taken to prevent a spread of the dis
ease.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.— The War De
partment is. taking steps to prevent the
Introduction of trie plague in the Philip
pines, and Secretary Root this morning
called Into consultation Surgeon General
Wyman ot the Marine Hospital Service,
to discuss "the establishment of a quaran
tine system for the Islands. It was de
cided that the War Department should
adopt toward the Philippines a policy
like that it pursued toward Cuba in the
matter of the projection of health, name
ly, confine the maintenance of a quaran
tine system to the Marine Hospital Ser
vice, The report received by both the
State Department and Surgeon General
Wyman from Honolulu confirms the As
sociated Press dispatch relative to the ex
istence of the disease. It happens, for
tunately, that the Marine Hospital Ser
vice has already two quarantine plants
in the Philippines, while two of Its sur
geons are now on their way to Manila,
co that little delay will be encountered in
banning to draw a rigid quarantine line
In the islands.
Surgeon General Wyman has no con
firmation of the report that three suspect
ed.cases of bubonic plague have been dis
covered within the walled city of Manila,
but no attempt is made to conceal the
gravity of the situation should the re
port prove true. Still, It is said, a few
sporadic cases need not necessarily /esult
In an epldcmlo in the islands. Surgeon
General Wyman says the disease no long
er creates the dread it once did. because
it has been demonstrated that It can be
handled by modern science. It has been
stamped out of Alexandria, Egypt, Kobe,
Japan, and Vienna. Austria. The methods
of fighting It are the same as used against
smallpox— isolation, disinfection and sani
tation. The greatest danger is due to its
possible Introduction into new localities
through ambulant or walking cases,
which defy the surveillance of the au
thorities. One feature of the cases .which
is gratifying to the authorities, in view
of the possible outbreak of the epidemic
In the Philippines, is the fact that its his
tory shows that It docs not attack Euro
peans as readily as natives.
Surgeon General Wyman to-day re
ceived a long report from Surgeon Car
mlchael, who Is stationed at Honolulu,
bearing on the condition of affairs there
regarding the bubonic plague. Under De
cember IS the report says that five cases
and five deaths from what Is pronounced
to be bubonic plague have occurred in
Honolulu on the 11th and 12th inst. Dr.
Carmlchael says the presence of the dis
ease was not suspected until the morn
ing of the 12th, when a Chinese patient
died. An autopsy was held, the examina
tion pointing strongly to the fact that
death was caused by the bubonic plague.
Another case, also a Chinese, who had
died on December 11, was examined with
the same result. The symptoms previous
to death were high fever— lo4 to 105 de
grees Fahrenheit, rapid pulse— l4o to 150—
headaches, deliriums, vomiting and pain
and swelling.
The duration of Illness In two of the
cases was three days, and from three to
four days in the other cases. Strained
preparations from the Juice squeezed from
the enlarged glands showed the presence
in large numbers of a short bacillus,
rounded at both ends, and closely resem
bling that of bubonic plague.
Dr. Carmichael says no new cases have
been reported up to December 18, and con
cluded his report as follows:
"I shall adopt all measures within my
power to insure the safety of vessels leav
ing for United States ports, but the ab
sence of a plant for disinfection here Is
severely felt at the present time, and in
view of this fact additional precautions
should be adopted at all Pacific Coast
ports and such measures should insure
the destruction of all vermin on board
vessels."
AGUINALDO LIBERATES
ALL SPANISH CAPTIVES
MADRID, Jan. 4.— The Spanish Consul
at Manila telegraphs to the Foreign Of
fice that the steamer Uranque, from Pa
nay, has arrived there, having on board
the Bishop of Vega, 117 priests, five of
ficers and 115 civilians who had been re
stored tcr liberty.
The Consul adds that Agulnaldo has
promulgated a decree ordering the libera
tion of all Spanish prisoners without dis
tinction. The Consul distrusts Aguln
aldo's motives on account of the attitude
of the Filipino chiefs, who, he believes,
place difficulties in tho way of the libera
tion of the prisoners.
OTIS REPORTS THE
ARRIVAL OF TRANSPORTS
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.— General Otis
sent a cable message to the War Depart
ment as follows:
"Transports arrived: Indiana, Ohio
(Fourteenth Infantry, Colonel Godwin),
Duke of Fife and St. Paul (Thirty-eighth
Infantry. Colonel Anderson), December
27, no casualties; Dalny Vostock and Co
lumbia (Forty-second Infantry). Colonel
Thompson), December 31; Private Curt E.
Hall, Company L, Forty-second Infantry,
died en route, December 20, acute meniri- 1
gltis: Meade (Forty-third Infantry, Colo
nel Murray), December 31; Sherman and
Warren (Forty-ninth Infantry, Colonel
Beck), January 2, no casualties. Trans
ports sailed: Peking, December 29; Ben
Mohr and Missouri, December 31; Senator,
January 2."
LAWTON HOME FUND
OVER FIFTY THOUSAND
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— General Corbln
announces that the total subscriptions to
the Lawfon fund received to date amount
to $44,122. He says that with what is on
hand .elsewhere the fund is ; now well
above $50,000.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 3.— Three hun
dred and fifty dollars has been subscribed
In Portland to the Lawton fund. Ex-
Senator H. W. Corbett heads the list with
$200. > .
CAPTAIN OF MARINES
INGATE DIES AT GUAM
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— The Navy De
partment has been advised of the death
of Captain C. L. A. Ingate of the marine
corps at Guam, where he was stationed,
on December 25. His death followed a
surgical operation..
BDTTB. Mont, Jan. Z.— Smallpox has
broken^ out In Butte City, Mont.,
and despite the efforts of tho
health and police authorities tho
dread disease Is spreading. It Is
believed by many that the pest was
brought in by the Montana regiment
that returned from the Philippines last
fall, and support was at first lent to this
belief by the fact that for some time the
doctors of the town were divided in their
opinion as to whether the disease so rap-
Idly spreading was . "Manila Itch" or
smallpox. The controversy waxed warm
for some time, and In the meanwhile pa
tients from all parts of the city were re
ported with alarming frequency. By the
time the disease was finally diagnosed
unanimously as smallpox there were
more patients than the town could take
care of, and the new cases. were being
cared for in their own houses.
The fact that the plague has fastened
on. Butte has been well kest from the
public. It is also known, although no offi
cial report of the fact has been allowed
to reach the world, , that Dillon, Mont.,
a small town near Butte, and Salt Lake,.
Utah, are nearly as badly off. Where it
came from is the question now being dis
cussed by the towns affected, but the re
sult of the discussion has not been satis
factory.
1 It is estimated that at present there
are 200 cases In Butte that are known to
the authorities, and, further than that,
there are at least 100 more unknown to
the authorities and cared for at their
homes. The town is in a state bordering
on a panic, • and the health officers are
having a hard time to stem the tide.
There are no adequate preparations for
such an emergency, and the town Is taken
by surprise. The Mayor has ordered a
tent to be erected Just outside the town,
and patients are being sent to this im
provised camp as fast as they can be lo
cated. There is no pesthouse, ami there
are no provisions to check the advance of
the plague, so the excitement Is intense.
The first cases were discovered some
weeks ago. but the news was suppressed.
Nothing was said about it, even when the
disease was spreading, and it was not
until it reached serious proportion* that
it was allowed to become a matter of pub
lic concern.
Thero was no concealing the fact when
people began to be taken down with the
disease in the streets, in the stores and
in their homes. In Hennessy's big de
partment store four clerks on duty were
found to be Infected and they were taken
from their work to the isolated hospital.
A big building, known as Bennett's lodg
ing-house; was Investigated by the health
officers and it was found that several of
the inmates were affected with the dis
ease. The house was placed under quar
antine at once, but as soon as this was
known the inmates began to escape. Sev
eral living in the upper stories tried to
come down by the fire escapes and back
ways, and it was finally necessary to put
an armed guard of police on duty around
the place to keep the lodgers from leaving
the house and mingling with the people
of the city. They.were all finally placed
in Isolation. A physician, of the town
was being Bhaved In one of the prominent
barber shops, and happening to look
closely at the barber who was shaving
him* he saw the barber was breaking out
with the disease. The case was re
ported and the barber was sent to the
hospital. Last Wednesday a man walking
on the streets was spotted by one of .the
health officers. He evidently had the
smallpox, but the health officer said noth
ing .about it. Hft Just placed him under,
arrest, and while he waited for the police
to take him into custody five hundred peo
ple gathered around and wondered what
was the matter with the man in trouble.
On the same day an Infected elevator boy
in one of the large buildings was taken
from his elevator and sent to the hos
pital tent-
There was another man who was met
by h.ls family physician on the street.
The physician told him he had the grip
and advised him to go home, a sugges
tion he proceeded to act upon until he
met some friends. Under the idea that
whisky was an antidote for the grip he
proceeded to Imbibe in various saloons and
with numerous friends. In the mean
while his physician had gone to his home
to tell him quietly that it was not grip,
but smallpox that was ailing him. When
the doctor found that his patient, -instead
of proceeding directly home, had under
taken to prescribe for the grip himself, h.e
sent friends out to hunt him up and one
of these Informed the patient what was
the matter with him. The patient hunted
up the nearest policeman and tried to give
himself up, but when the policeman found
what was the matter with him he told his
prisoner to look out fox himself. '. ¦ '.
The supposition that the disease was
brought In by the regiment returning from
the Philippines Is not given very much
credence, for before the troops left San
Frarrclsco they were held in camp for
three weeks or more awaiting, the 'muster
out. Smallpox is supposed to develop
within two weeks or not at all, so the
three weeks' detention of the regiment in
the Presidio at San Francisco after it
had come off the transport is believed to
have been sufficient to develop any latent
germs of disease had they existed.
The lack of preparation for such an
emergency has caused comment to direct
itself toward the health authorities of
the' city. There is no pesthouse and there
never has been one. When the first cases
broke out there was no place to put them
and then it was that the Mayor ordered
the erection of a tent for their accommo
dation. Following this the lodge of Elks
of Butte subscribed money to care for
their own members who might be afflicted
and it was not long before the fund was
more than occupied. Tho row among the
doctors as to what the disease was lasted
Just long enough to give It a good start
and now Butte is devoting what energies
it has to suppressing the news and con
fining the plague.
MASONIC GOLDEN JUBILEE.
Arrangements Being Made for a Cele
bration in San Jose.
SAN JOSE, , Jan. 3.— The semi-centennial
of the, establishment. of Maisonry in San
Jose will be fittingly celebrated by the
Masonic orders on July 11 next. Already
preparations are under way. San Jose
ix>age No. 10, F. and A. M.. was Instituted
on July 11, 1850, and the golden Jubilee of
local Masonry will be a grand affair. T.he
festivities will continue several days, con
sisting of appropriate exercises, parades,
a grand ball, picnics and excursions.
There will be a grand reunion of all the
Masonic organizations in the county and
many grand officers will be present.
The guest of honor will, be Henry F.
Williams of San Francisco, who was the
first Californian to apply for degrees of
Masonry, his petition having been made
with California Lodge on December 7, 1549.
Alba M. Kent Sentenced.
JAMESTOWN, N. V.. Jan. 3.— Alba M.
Kent Jr. of this city, who was recently
arrested In Japan and extradited, charged
with forging . notes and obtaining $10,000
thereby, to-day pleaded guilty to two In
dictments for forgery and was sentenced
to Imprisonment at hard labor for three
years and two months. •> v
Plague at Manila and Honolulu,
Smallpox Epidemic in Montana
and Yellow Fever in Cuba.
DREAD DISEASE IN
UNCLE SAM'S DOMAIN
3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1900.
FRAUD ALLEGED
BY BOTH PARTIES
Kentucky Contests Rich
in Scandals.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Jan. B.— The Joint
committee, which will hear evidence In
the Goebel-Taylor and Beckham-Mafshall
contests for Governor and Lieutenant
Governor will be formed to-morrow. The
law provides that the members of the
committee shall be drawn ov lot, three in
the Senate and eight In the House. The
policy of the Goebel leaders will be to
push the contests to a final issue as speed
ily as bossible. ¦* ¦¦- »••*
Governor Taylor's attorneys are prepar
ing? not only rebuttal evidence to offset
the charges of fraud set forth In Goe
bel's .notice of contest, but, according to
Senator de Boe, are going much further
and attempting to show counter frauds
of a glaring nature on the Democratic
side. The Senator says that among other
things It will be brought out that Taylor
was robbed of over 2500 votes in Kenton
County, Goebel's home.
The Goebel side under the Kentucky code
of practice, In its taking of proof. Is re
stricted to the grounds laid down in no
tices of contest, but under these they
promise sensational testimony regarding
the election in many counties, alleged to
be damaging to many persons prominent
in the Kentucky business and political
world, compared with which the Whallen
alleged attempted bribery of Senator Har
rell is only a sample. : •?"- ,:
Colonel Whallen was arraigned for ex
amination on the bribery charge before
Magistrate Thompson this afternoon and
held over to the Franklin County Grand
Jury. He was represented by General P.
Watt Hardln and Theodore Hallam. His
bond was fixed at $10,000, and the same
bondsmen who stood for him yesterday
at the time. of his arrest were accepted.
In the Circuit Court -this morning Presi
dent Hector V. Loving of the Louisville
Trust Company, was before Judge Can
trill charged with contempt for disobeying
the order of the court to turn over the
vault box alleged to hold the $4500 which,
it is claimed, was to be paid to Harrell.
in the event. he voted against Goebel in
the contest. Loving said he merely de
sired to protect the commissioners of his
company and his attorney moved to quash
the summons against him. This the court
overruled. .Thereupon a response was
filed to the rule for contempt.
In this response it is stated that "WTial
len, Harrell and Charles Ryan rented the
box In Question and deposited something
in it, the box being sealed up and cov
ered up with white paper. The trust
Company officials were notified not to
allow the box opened, except in the pres
ence and by the consent of all three per
sons.
Judge Cantrill adjudged the response
insufficient and ordered the box to be pro
duced In court at 11 o'clock to-morrow.
It is understood the order of the court
will be complied with, a motion for an
appeal to the Court of Appeals having
been overruled.
It Is said that an attempt was made to
have Senator Harrell Indicted in Louis
ville, where "Whallen's attorneys claim
the prosecution should have been insti
tuted if any offense had been committed.
The charge against Harrell probably will
be conspiracy or accepting a bribe.
} /VwrfP/JJs UVER i
I Ct Z£z!r STOMACH %
9 fortbo BOWELS -J
3 BEEGHAM'S PILLS I
tO cent* aad SS oentm fGets an Army Appointment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3-The President
to-day nominated Archibald TV. Butt of
Georgia to be assistant quartermaster
with rank ot captain In the volunteer
army. Mr. Butt is the Washington cor
respondent of the Atlanta Journal. Nash
ville Banner and Louisville Evening Post.
SPECIALIoumHiPTiCKETsIF
PASO ROBLESSB7 PHUR
IlilSiil
Tlme-%. :27H; %,.«<54%: %. 1:23: mile. 1:««4; lUm. 2:15%: l%;m, 2:42 Good start. Won
easily. Second and third drlvin B . Winner, E. Corrigan's lh. f!™by Montana Regent-
Dr. Bernays received a see-saw looking ride. Chimura was heavily backed. Faunetta
does better on a dry track. Fortls broke down. ¦ . - • ¦
( visit DR, JORDAN'S grcatJ
> MUSEUM OF ANATOMY)
( iSSLi OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 3
£ & 11 Suable book to* ttM-n J . SB> 'AT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURE AT HOME
*^ 4
You can put my Improved Electric Belt
around your waist when you go to bed,
set the regulator so as to give the fore*
of current that you like, .and can go to
sleep with the soothing, vitalizing influ-
ence pouring through your body. It
brings you health and strength.
RHEUMATISM,
Lame Back, Kidney Troubles. Varicocela
and many other troubles are quickly
overcome by this method. It will curs
the most aggravated rases In a few days
Call asd test It If you can. or send for
my booklet about It free.
dr. m.a. Mclaughlin
70S Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. F.; Durdlck
block, cor. Spring and- Second" sts.. Los Ah*ele*.
-NEVER SOLD IX prtup STORES
SCHULZ BELIEVES THEY
WOULD FREEZE HIM OUT
SUES HIS PARTNERS FOB- HIS
SHARE -IN THE .FIRM.
Charges Hilzner and Bredhoff "With
an Attempt to Appropriate the
Business Without Com
pensating Him.
. Owing to 'his belief that they are trying
to "freeze" him cut of the firm, William
F. Schulz lias sued his partners, Fred
erick L. Hilmer and Charles M. Bredhoff.
to dissolve the copartnership that has
Jons joined them under the linn name of >
IIllm«r. Bredhoff & Schu'.z, dealers In !
dairy produce and groceries, 34-35 Califor
nia "street. In addition to a. decree dis
solving the partnership. JSchute. prays for
an accounting andtht- distribution to hinv
of his Interest in the firm. In 'his com
plaint, which was filed late Tuesday after
noon. Schulz alleges that on January 2,
l<*<o. he dteolved the partnership by his
expressed will and notified the defend
ants. There never was an agreement pre
ecribing the duration of the copartnership.
ho says, and he dissolved It because of
the repeated efforts of defendants to
"freeie" him out and to .appropriate the
busings • tr> themselves, without • giving
hint any compensation fur his interest.
Schvilz further says that all of the busi
ness and asset*, except the sum of 515.0U0,
are' in'. the possession of the defendants,
and: they. Individually have no property
: *ubjeet to execution other than their in
terest in the partnership assets. The bus»l
.n«y=s is- at a very extensive character and
requires constant attention to preserve It
froCl destruction.
Shortly after the complaint was filed-
Judge Daingerfield appointed . John C.
NigEle receiver of the linn assets and In
structed him to take charge without de
lay. Yesterday morning, however, the de
fendants, accompanied by their attorneys',
Mullany. Grant & Cushir.q, appeared in
court and filed a notice of appeal from the
order appointing the receiver. They filed
a bond for P><i>\ on which Charles Helmer
and P. D. lirrnhard appear as sureties,
end their ap;>eal was perfected. George
1). Collins, who represents the plaintiff,
examined the bond In court, took no ex
ception to the sureties, and for the time
NiVfrle was deposed.
The plaintiff alleges that the good will
of the business, topether irlth the stock
and fixtures, is worth JC4.157 31.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 3.— Clear and fair
cool weather and a fast track were the
conditions to-day. Fleuron and Compen
sation were the only winning favorites.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Silver Set
won. Little Billy second. By George third.
Time. 1:22-4-
Six furlongs — neuron -won. Barney A second,
Badie Bumham third. Time. 1:17.
(steeplechase, handicap,- short course — Cheese
mite won. Fred Perkins second. Van Brunt
third. -Time. 2:1«H
• Mile and an eighth, handicap— Compensation
won Vlrgle O second. Alpen third. Time. 1:58.
Six and a half furlongs, .selling— Jim Gore II
won. Free ,*-%dy second, J. E. Cllne third.
Time, 1:23.
ROOSEVELT ON
THE TRUST EVIL
Message to the New York
. Legislature.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ALBANY. X. V., Jan. 3.— The State
Legislature convened in annual session
to-day. In the Senate Timothy" E. Ells
worth of Niagara County was re-elected
President pro tern., and in the House
Frederick Nixon of Chautauqua County
wa's re-elected Speaker. The annual mes
sage of Governor Theodore Roosevelt was
read. The Governor treats at' consider
able length of the subjects of modern in
dustrial conditions and trusts, saying:
The contrast offered In the highly special in
durtrial community between the very rich and
the very poor is exceedingly distressing, and
while umler normal conditions, /.ie acquirement
of wealPh by an 'individual of
great lrcldental benefit to "Ue community as a
whole, yet this is by no medss always the case.
In our great cities th*re Is plainly in evidence
much wealth contracted with much poverty,
and some of the wealth has been acquired, or
is used, in a manner for -which there Is no
moral justification. '
The chicanery and the dishonest, even though
not technically Illegal, methods through whtoh
come great fortunes have been made, are scan
cals to cur civilisation. The man- who, by
swindling or wrongdoing, acquires great
wtalth stands as low morally as any predatory
medieval m>bleman and is a more dangerous
member of society. Any law and any method
Of construing the law which will enable the
community to punish him. either by taking
ntray liis wealth or by imprisonment, ehould
be welcomed. Of course, such laws are even
more needed In dealing with great corporations
or trusts :than with individuals. They are
needed as much for the sake of "honest
corporations as for the sake of the public. The
corporation that managts its affairs honestly
has a light to demand protection against the
dishonest corporation.-
The chief abuses allegred to arise from trusts
are probably the following: Misrepresentation
and concealment regarding material facts con
nected with the organization of an enterprise;
the evils connected with unscrupulous promo
tions: . overcapitalization : unfair competition,
resulting in the crushing out of competitors,
•who themselves do not act Improperly; raising
cf prices above competitive rates; wield
ing of increased power -over the wage.-earners.
Rome of th'fe evils could be partially reme
died by a modification of our calendar laws.
Here we can safely go along the lines of the
more conwrvative Xew - , Kngland States and
probably not a little further. -Such law* will
tbeniti'lves provide the needed publicity and
the needed circumstanciallty of statement. We
ehouM know authoritatively whether stock rep
resents actual value. of plants or whether It
represents brands or good will; or If not. what
It does represent, if anything. It is desirable
to know how much' was actually bought; how
much was Issued free and to whom, and, if
possible, for what reason. This would enable
us to pee just what the public have a right to
expect in the way of service and taxation.
Where a trust bfcomfs a monopoly the State
has an Immediate right to Interfere. Care
Ehould be taken not to stifle enterprise or dis
close any facts of a business that are essen
tial'}' private; but the state, for. the protection
ot the public, phould exercise the right to in
epect. to examine thoroughly all the workings
of jrreat corporations, Just as Js now done with
bankp. and wherever the interests of the public
demand it. It should publish the results o£ its
examination. Then If there are Inordinate
jtrotlts, competition or public sentiment will
Kive the public the benefit in lowered prices,
and if not the power of taxation remains.
Governor Roosevelt also devotes some
space to a. review of labor legislation In
New York and commends the work of the
Hoard of Mediation and Arbitration in
dealing with strikes during the past year.
He promises his approval of a drug
clerks' Mil to remedy hardships to which
men In that occupation are subjected.
The Governor recommends the repeal
of the Horton boxing law on the ground
that "when any sport is carried on pri
marily for money— that Is. as a busings —
it is In danger of losing much that is
valuable and acquiring some exceedingly
undesirable characteristics. In the case
of prize-lighting not only do all the ob
jections which apply to other profes-
Flonal sports apply in aggravated form."
but in addition the exhibition has a very
demoralizing and brutalizing effect.
Moreover, the evils are greatly aggra
vated by the fact that the fight Is for a
money prize and is the occasion for un
limited gambling and betting."
UNKNOWN HANGS HIMSELF.
A man known only as Smith committed
suicide yesterday or Tuesday evening in
the Clay-street Lodging-house by hang
ing himself with a bed sheet. His body
was discovered last . evening about 5
o'clock by a bedmaker and was taken to
the Morgue by Deputies Gately and La
combe.
The man had rented the room In which
he took his life a little more than a week
asro. He was not very well dressed and
had not worked for some time. He was
about +> years of age and has- no known
relatives on the- coa?t. He retired to his
room Tursday night and did not make his
appearance yesterday. The bedmaker
forced nn entrance to the room late in tho
day and found the body supended from a
hook by means of a sheet.
GORBETT TO
BE TRAINED
BY McCOY
Date of His Fight I With Jef T
fries Advanced to March
: Fifteenth.
.\ :. Special IJtgpatch., to Tn« Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. . 3> Governor Roose
velt's vigorous attack, In his message to
the Legislature on the Horton law per
mitting prizefights in this State, was dis
cussed by numerous sporting men to-day.
The general opinion was. that the Gov
ernor would exert even* effort to have
the bill repealed and that the Horton law
would be wiped off the statute books be
fore the Legislature adjourned.
That local promoters of fistic events
j believe t;hat prizefighting In : Jfew York
will be prohibited, during the winter was
shown by James J. Jeffries and James 'J.
ICorbett agreeing to fight for the heavy
weight championship of the. world on
! March 15. This match was originally
scheduled -to take place in September.
William A. Brady, who" is' looking after
Jeffries' interests in ; the match, would
not admit that the change in the original
plans for the match had been occasioned
by the Governor's attitude toward prize
nghtlrifir.. but The Call correspondent sub
sequently learned that the. Governor's
firm stand against glove contests was,
nevertheless, the cause of the changing of
the date of the battle.
In addition to lighting Corbett, Jeffries
has agreed to meet "Tom" Sharkey In a
ring contest six weeks after his battle
with the; former- champion, provided
O'Rourke agrees not to second the sailor.
O'Rourke told Brady, in the conference
at Albany recently, that he would agr?e
to the condition named by Jeffries. Cor
bett will at once start In to train for his
bout .with Jeffries. He has asked "Ktd"
McCoy to look after him. Corbett and
McCoy talked tho matter over to-nlßht
and McCoy said that If the financial ar
rangements were satisfactory he would
agree to train Jim. The Kid has promised,
to glva Corbett a definite answer within
twenty-four hours. Corbett will do his
preliminary work at a local gymnasium,
and about a month before the battle will
leavo for the country, -where he will put
on the finishing touches of his prepara
tion. ' • " .
After the agreement to fight on March
15 was reported. Corbett said to a group
of friends standing near:
"I may rot whip Jeff, but I think I will
do the trick— at any rate, I will give him
a black eye and a mark or two before it
is all over. Jeffries has been pretty lucky
In getting away without a scratch In all
Ills, fights."
EXAMINATION OF
GAYNORS BEGINS
Mysterious Woman Re
news Her Charges.
Special Dirratch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3— The examination
of Benjamin D. Greene. John F. Gaynor.
"William T. Gaynor and Edward H. Gay
nor. Indicted on a charge of defrauding
the United States Government out of
(575,575 in connection with the Savannah
River ajid Cumberland Sound improve
ments, was begun to-day before United
States Commissioner Shields. Just prior
to the opening of the session the mys
terious woman who made charges against
John F. Gaynor at the last session, ap
peared in the- corridors of the building a-nc
renewed her charges against him. Mr.
Gaynor, who was present, eald he did not
know the woman.
Casslus M. Gillette. United States Engi
neer Corps, was first placed on the stand
for cross-examination by Lawyer Abram
J. Rose, counsel for the contractors.
Mr. Rose questioned Captain Gillette
with reference, to his identitlcation of each
of the defendants and iht-n asked for .the
production of the original contract be
tween the United States Government and
the accused contractors. Commissioner
Shields rul*d That the counsel for the ac
cused contractors would have to introduce
his copy of the contract if he wanted the
vaper as evidence. Mr. Rose then went
into a mimite examination of his witness
as to his personal knowl^ge of the open
ing of the bids for the contracts, of the
presentation of claims on the contracts,
of certain checks said to have been issued
by Captain O. M. Carter, the engineer In
char C « prior to July 26. Iffl7. etc. I nited
States District Attorney P.urnett objected,
saying that the only points to be deter
mined at the examination were the Iden
tification of the accused and it there was
rrobaWe cause on which to hold the men.
MX Rose said he was endeavoring to
prove that the indictment was untrue.
Oomin!f!>toii«T Shields Paid the only
questions to he decided as he understood
the law were idtr.tity ar.d probable
cause. Notwithstanding this ruling
Mr, Rose cor.tlnu«»d to question Captain
Gillette as to th<* duties of district en
«?in«*M-8c This was objected to by Air.
Burnett. Mr. Rose explained that he was
endeax-orinp to prove that the district
engineer has really no power to make
contracts ar.d pimply acts as the clerk
end under the direct orders of the en-
C United States District Attorney Erwin
then asked tho wimess if he had knowl
edge of the connection of tne defendants
with tbe Savannah work after July 20.
IS°7
Mr. Rose objected. Faying the imlict
raer.t alleged offenses committed prior to
Commissioner Shields allowed the ques
tion to strengthen the identification of
the contractors.
"Yes=." answered Captain GiHette I
have official communications from them
and I have paid Greene money «>n the^e
contract?. I have had <ifficlal and verbal
contracts with the Gaynor^. The money
¦was paid for work allowed to have been
done, during the month of July, before
and after July », IW. I pave the check
to Greene on or about August 1, 1^97. It
•was for about $3').OO0. I was inclined to
keep back some of the money at the
time."
This ended Captain Gillette's examina
tion, and then Assistant United States
Attorney Baldwin introduced the ball
bonds as additional -evidence toward
proving the identity of the accused con
tractors.
Commissioner. Shield? allowed the
papers in evidence and the Government
Then rested the case. The examination
¦was adjourned until to-morrow, when
the defense will present its case. • .
_ Tlme-U. :26Hj %. :5«4: %. 1:1714: mile lMl*. Good start. Won ¦¦ first : threa driving-.
.Winner. W. B. Sink Jr.'s eh. c, by imp. Conveth-Formosa,
Rul« on Formero stole the race. Buttman on the favorite was -easing- up. and rot
4»ught_njy?plnß\, SanJVenado showed i Improvement. - n*o «»»»•* uv. •»v 6 ui.
Cl?^C 1 ?^ SIXTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
can Invented by a Belgian, the noxzle
being Intersected near its base by a flat
strip of .tin, having a narrow silt, which
will prevent the passage of flame but
which allows the oil to flow freely.
WANDENKOLK WILL
SUCCEED BARRETO
RIO DE JANEIRO, Jan. 3.— Admiral
Wandenkolk has be«n named chief of the
etaff of the navy in place of Admiral
Barreto. who has resigned.
Other changes have been made. The
Ironclad Rlachuelo, the cruiser Barroso
and tbe torpedo-boats Tamoyo and Ta
mandare are getting ready to accom
pany President Campos .Salles to- ,the
Argentine ' Republic in March.
The elections have been favorable to
the Government throughout the country,
Senhor Bocayuva has been re-elected
Senator. There was serious trouble at
Pernambuco. due to the rigorous meas
ures adopted by the State- gox-ernmertt
against the opposition. The President will
preside during the summer at Peteropolls.
Several of the foreign ministers have pro
tested against -th» differential duties. . ,
PQSTHOORN GIN.
•"' . '.' The Finest Made In America.
CHARLES MEINECKE & CO.,
- AGIKTB PACI7IO COAST,
• • ¦
--¦ - _ '-_
MINER YOUNG BUNKOED.
Tells How He Was Steered to a Phy-
sician's Office on Mason Street.
Thomas Herold, alias "Arkansas," El
more Anderson. J. "W. Morgan and Ed
ward Price, arrested for vagrancy, ap
peared in Judge Mogan's 'court yesterday
morning and at the request of their attor
ney the cases were continued till Satur
day. ' All are out on bail except Herold
The men are accused of "grafting" for
Drs. Johnson and Gray, 112 Mason street
who are recent arrivals from Los Angeles'
Andrew Young, a miner from Alaska told
in court how he was victimized. He was
walking along Market street with a friend
from Montana when two men approached
them and after talking a little hazarded
the guess that they needed medical atten
tion. Young and his friend were taken
to the oflice on. Mason street. They were
told they were suffering from Brlght's dis
ease and Young handed over JIQO and a
note for 575 for a permanent cure. HH
friend handed over $65, all the money he
had, and was told that his case was not
so. serious as Young's. They each jrot a
bottle o.f medicine and Young produced
his bottle which contained . a. harmless
mixture. •
Yesterday a complaint was sworn" to In
Ju . dg . e T £ Io J ran , 3 court for th « arrest of
•Dr." H. S. Gray on a charge of practic
ing without a physician's certificate and
given to Detective Dillon to be served
Dr. Johnssn is said to-be a regular physi
cian, and the question as to what charge
can . be made" against him Is under ad
visement. •
ACTON LIBRARY IS
FORMALLY OPENED
Embassador Choate Makes an Elo
quent Address Regarding the
Value of Free Libraries.
. LONDON, Jan. 3.— Joseph H. Choate,
Embassador, and Mrs.' Choate, ' accom
panied by the Bishop of London, Right
Rev. Mendell Creighton, and Lord George
Hamilton, Secretary of State for India,
opened the free library at Acton donated
by John Passmore Edwards, a well-known
publisher and founder of many libraries
and Institutions, to-day. , . .
Mr. .Choate- during the course of his re
marks referred to the importance of uni
versal oducatipn, which their forefathers
in America made the cornerstone of their
whole political and social structure. He
added that in the United States free
schools and public libraries went hand in
hand; and though the people of England
and the United States differed in many
things they certainly agreed or> the Im
portance of education, which formed a
perpetual bond of. sympathy between all
who read English books and spoke the
English tongue.
The Bishop and Lord Georjre Hamilton
followed briefly, expressing their thanks
for Mr. Choate's address.
Anti-Keno Ordinance Valid.
STOCKTON. Jan. 3.— ln the Superior
Court tQ-day Judge Budd decided that the
anti-keno ordinance recently passed by
the Stockton City Council was valid. It
was brought before him as a test of the
constitutionality of the ordinance. The
defendant will appeal to the Supreme
Court. 7
Death of Consul Studor.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— The State De
partment has received notice of the death
at Naples of A. C. Studor, United States
Consul at Sorrento. Mr. Studor had been
in the' consular service for many years,
onee -filling the -post at Singapore. He
was appointed Consul at. Sorrento on
March 15, 1899.
Young Murderer Hanged.
SUNBURN. Pa., Jan. 3.— Edward Cres-
Finßer, ajred 19 years, was hanjrod here- to
day for the murder of 16-year-old "Daisy
Smith, dauirhrer of a farmer at Dovlps
Run. Or^Finper met his fate calmly. * lie
is the youngest murderer over hanged in
the State, lie shot tho gir! and cut her
throat on August 30, ISM, in a passion of
3*aloupy. ' • -*, *_¦•
There are 242 German. Baptist churches
In the United States.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judsre.
J. F. CALDWEl^L— Starter.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFOEAN PABK, Wednesday, January 3, l9oo.— Twenty-eighth
day of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather
fine. Track muddy.
NINETY-SIX
DOGS IN AN
OPEN STAKE
Many Notable . Performers on
the Field Entered at Union .
Coursing Park.
The open Ftake at Union Coursing Park
this week was limited to ninety-six dogs,
although many more were offered. The
full strength of the Lopez and the Cur
tis kennels Is entered and either one is
expected to provide the ultimate winner.
The prize money totals $865, divided as f ol
low-s: To the winner, $115; runner-up, $70;
third, $50; three at $30 each; six at $20;
twelve at $15, and twenty-four at $10. The
first train to the park will start at 11:30.
and the 1:25 p. m. to .Tanforan will also
stop there. The draw resulted as fol
lows:
Open stake, nlnety-slx do*s-E. M. Kelloßg's
lofta Maid vs. Hall & Newell 1 s Roueh Rider;
W. F. Hobbs 1 Mercy May vs. Hall & Xewell's
Nonpareil; J. Shaw's Lucky Dog vs. Ed Evatt s
Hurricane; Pasha Kennels! Emm Pasha vs.
Curtis & Son's Vanity. Fair; R. E. de 8.. Lopez s
Wanda vs. R. E. <le B. Lopei's Pepita; R. L.
Taylor's Mose vs. W. Creamer's Report; R. E.
de B. Lopez's Sara vs. J. Keenan's Blacklock;
R. E de B. Lopez'e Wonder vs. Erwln &
L.yon'B May Queen; Sterl & Knowles* Rusty
Gold vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Carmencita;
Lande & Gerber's Concord vs. F. A. McComb's
Motto; F. A. McComb't One Spot vs. J. Wat
kins' Merciless; Curtis & Son's McKlnley vs.
Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller; J. Kennedy s
Ever Sure vs. J. Hurley's O X Capitol; George
Sharman's Miss Skyrocket vs. J. Dennis' Octo
ber Woodcock; Kay & Tranfs Dudley Diamond
v« R. E. de B. Lopez's Whitehead; C. Brown's
Van Nida vs. Curtis & Son's Vulcan; *J. P.
Thrift's Forgive vs. J. Kecnan's Royal Oak; J.
McXnroe's Nor' west vs. J. Watklns' Merciful;
T. J. Cronin's. Thornhlll vs. J. Byrnes' Battle
ship; J Martenet's Bernal Boy vs J. P. Thrift:*
St. Michael; Curtis & Son's Flying Fox vs.
Curtis & Kon's Commodore; W. H. Jones' Rus
tan vs, Gu? Abercrombie's Miss Richmond; T.
J. Cronln'B Depend on Me ye. Pasha Kennels'
Miller's Rabble; Kay & Tranfs Hawker vs.
J. Kennedy's Wine West; Pasha Kennels' Rol
licking Airs vs. A. J. Kemp's Signal; S. Maho
ney's Chief of the Hill vs. J. Martenefs Bernal
Chief; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy vs. P. J.
Reilly's Royal Union; Pasha Kennels' Sylvia vs.
O. J. Olson's Sunburnt; J. P. Thrift's Forget
vs. Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island King;
Lande & Gerber's Rienzl vs. Maher & Reld'u
Onward; E. &> R. Scotfe Lord Byron vs.'
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured; J. Murnane's
Wlldwood vs. Erwin & Lyon's Silver Lyon;
Gus Abercrombie's Miss Rabbit vs. .R. E. de
B. Lopez's Diablo; Curtis & 6on'« Beacon vs.
J. P. Thrift's Brutus; Curtis & Son's Cavalier
vs. W. H. Jones' Lady Marion; F. A. McComb's
Royal .Flush vs. J. Byrnes' Olympus; Curtis &
Son'a Cash vs. D. Chella's Golden Russet; J.
Byrnes' Eleven Spot vs. Erwin & Lyon's Silver
Wings; Aeneld Kennels' Pretender vs. Sterl &
Knowles' Sleety Mist; H. Lynch's Mystic Maid
vs. , E. Baumelster's Warrior; R. L. Taylor's
Beauty Spot vs. H. Lynch's Lottie M; P. J.
Reilly's Warship vs. Maher & Reid's Nellie
Bawn; J. Martenefs Bill Foster vs. Kelly &
Hanley's Baby King: E. Baumelster's Winning
Ways vs. R. L. Taylor's Torment; J. Hurley's
Sliylock Boy vs-. Pasha Kennels' May Hemp-
Ft earl; W. Creamer's Jesse Moore vs. J. Smith's
Merced; J. M.' Halton'a Tic Tac vs. F. Mack's
Delia M; W. C. Glaseon's Terronite vs. E. M.
Kellocg's lowa Boy.
CHALLENGED BY JEFFRIES.
Sharkey Given a Chance to Fight
Within Twenty Days.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Jan. 3.— Tom
Sharkey to-night received a challenge
from James Jeffries to fight twenty
rounds within thirty days, the winner to
tako all, provided Tom O'Rourko be ex
cluded from his (Sharkey's) corner.
Sharkey said he was glad of an oppor
tunity to fight Jeffries on the terms
stated, but would insist that George Slier
did not referee the fight.
Stelzner Scores a Knockout.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Jan. 3.— Jack
Stelzner . of St. Louis to-night knocked
out Dan Bayliff of Lima, Ohio, hi tho filth
round with a vicious right swing on tha
point of the jaw.
Miner Killed.
WALLACE, Idaho, Jan. 3.— John F;. Mc-
Kee was killed in the Frisco mine this
morning. Ho was Just from Chico, Cali
fornia-
Athletic Carmen Organize.
The employes of division E, Market
street Railway Company, have decided to
organize an athletic club among them
selves. Their .gymnasium will be in the
large brick building on tho corner of Turk
and Fillmore streets, where a large hall
will pp. fitted up with every appliance for
pport and the development of muscle.
The following • gentlemen have been
elected as officers of the new organization:
President, G. L. Smith; secretary, C. M.
Trlpp; treasurer, W. B. Wilson; directors
—Otis Stewart. W. B. "Wilson, Robert
Swan, "W. 11. Blackburn and A. L.. Liar
tin.
The club will be devoted entirely to good
clean amateur sport, and in none of the
contests will anything savoring of profes
sionalism be tolerated, no matter how
Blight the matter may be.
COOK WILL
REFEREE THE
BOXING BOUT
Neill* and 'O'Brien* Select Him;
¦ to Preside on Friday
Hlratn B. Cook, who has been -the ar
biter times without number when boxers
of world-wide repute have met in the ring,
has-been chosen by Al Nelll and Jack
O'Brien- to preside over, their meeting to
morrow- night.- ' • The principals met last
night and canvassed the field. After a
general discussion they, came to an amic
able conclusion, ¦
•Each man showed the effects of careful
preparation -in an elastic step, clear eyes
and complexion and a general appearance
of rugged health. Neither can have any
excuses to offer on the score of condition
If all goes well with them until they 'enter
/the ring at Woodward's Pavilion to-mor
row night. 'A man went over-the young
athletes with a measuring tape yesterday
and the result is appended. From these
figures it will be seen the disparity in the
proportions of the men is- but slight. The
most appreciable difference Is in the
height, in which O'Brien has an advan
tage of 2%, inches. There is a difference
in his favor also of I^4 Inches In the so
called reach, from tip to tfp when the
arms are extended. ... . •
The men are. to weigh under 154 pounds
at the ringside. Both are well under this
and will weigh Tiithin a pound or bo of
one another when the weighing in is done.
The table of measurements follows:
' O'Brien. . • • ' Nelll,
73V4 inches.... ..'.Reach... ..1. ...... .72 inches
5 feet 10\4 lnohea... .Height.. ...5 feet 7% Inches.
14S pounJa Weight 150 pounds
15 inches Neck 15Mj Inches
37 inches Chest 3S%j Inchon
40 Inches Chest expanded 42H inches
3(H4 inches Waißt , 30 inches
35% inches ...Hips 36 inches
21 Inches Thigh ;....2U4 inches
15 Inches...- Calf 15«4 Inches
13 Inches ?... Biceps 13% Inches
11V» inches..^ Forearm 12 inches
7 Inches . Wrist .• 6?i Inches
O'Brien still rules favorite In the betting
at Harry Corbett's at odds of 10 to 9.
Contrary to expectations, he is also in the
greater demand in the dollar mutuels. Of
the fifty tickets, which were sold last
night soon after the betting commenced,
thirty-two were on O'Brien and eighteen
on Neill. The Philadelphian was the
choice of small bettors on every line. The
proportion on the last line was fifteen on
O'Brien to ten on Neill, the others being
distributed on various rounds.
AMATEURS OF
THE EAST TO
APPEAR HERE
Crack Boxers , Ar e Quick to
Respond to the Olympic
Club's Invitation.
Tbe members . of the Olympic Athletic
Club are to. enjoy the greatest feast of box
ing by clever amateurs ever contemplated
on this coast.. The Invitations extended
Eastern men have brought hundreds of
replies! The work of weeding out the un
desirable ones has already been- com
menced by. Messrs. Hammersmith and El
liott, who have the preliminary arrange
ments in hand. . ' .
Owing to the long Journey ana the ex
pense entailed only boxers .who have al
ready made thedr maTk in the ring will be
accepted. The olficials of the Pastime
Athletic Club of New York, which is
chiefly devoted to boxing, have already
announced their intention of sending the
best available -representatives in each
class. • Secretary Sullivan of the Amateur
Athletic Union will .also select men who
are eligible from the big clubs. •
The entries of three St. Louis ¦ boxers
have beon accepted. They have won tbe
championship of the South in the 115
pound, 125 pound and 133 pound classes.:
All must stand the test ot their amateur
standing, as only men registered K with the
Amateur AXhletic Union will be permitted
to compete. The trophies will be of the
character and value required by the union.
In addition the men from a distance will
be grven free transportation and will also
be allowed two weeks' training expenses
before the tournament opens.
The Olympic Club will. be represented In
the various clashes .by its cleverest
boxers; while the Reliance Club 'and 9an
Francisco AXhletic Club will also send
men. Under Alex Greggalns' mentorshlp
the latter organization has developed a
number of -hard hitters who make the
cleverest boxers look to their laurels.
The tournament, which will be held in
the gymnasium of the club, may last a
week, owing- to the big 'entry list. The
date has not been fixed, but late in Feb
ruary or early in March is about the time.
Only members of the club will be admit
ted if the present ideas of tho officials are
carried out.
MIDWINTER SPORTING EVENTS
DEFEAT OF
BANNOCKBURN
BY FORMERO
Bullman, on . the Brown
Horse, Threw the Race
Away.
Jockey John Bullman caused the failure
of the California debut of Bapnockburn.
the former star of Pat Dunne's stable.
The grand looking son of Hayden Ed
wards Is now owned by Barney Schreiber
and went to the post yesterday a 1 to 3
chance for the closing mile run at Tan
foran. After he had raced San Venado
to a standstill Bullman began easing up
his mount the last seventy yards,* when
Ruiz on Formero slipped up on the out
side, stealing the purse by a head. Bull
man was as much chagrined over the re
sult as was his employer, who wagered
quite a sum of money on the brown horse.
It is safe to predict that "Bull" will draw
no more fine finishes. The winner was
10 to 1 in the betting.
The prospect of trying to* down some
very hot choices did not serve to increase
the attendance, which was again small.
Three favorites were laid low, the death
of Dr. Bernays being particularly sad and
pathetic, the reaper claiming him when
he seemed to be only galloping.
In the betting on the mile and a half
selling extravaganza Chimura seemed to
be the -"red ball for the corner pocket,"
as her price was boiled down from 6 and S
to 4. Fresh from his victories at Oakland
Dr. Bernays, whose odds receded just be
fore bugle call, quit badly the last quar
ter of a mile and Chimura rolled in win
ner.
Barney Schreiber annexed the first
purse with Foul Play. The filly opened up
at 3 to 1, when a stiff play compelled the
books to rub to 7 to 6. She broke first
and won all the way, with Tom Sharkey
a dangerously close second. March Seven,
a well backed one, made -a very poor
showing.
Corrigan's St. Cassimlr was scratched
from tne six-furlong sprint following,
which left The Lady to so to the post a
slight favorite over Sunello. The latter
colt was cut oft during the early stages of
the running, and the favorite, with Nabe
Hill up, won in a canter. Driving hard.
First Shot finished second, a head before
Gllssando.
For the first time this season the colors
of Nick Hall were seen here, worn by
Bullman on Facade in the mile selling
run. Five and six to one was laid against
the Fabulous gelding, and in a long,
gruelling drive, he downed the favorite,
Wallensteln, a head. Marty Bergen, on
Pat Corrigan's Racivan, ran. third.
A 7 to 10 favorite, Corrigan's Sardine,
made a gallop of the five furlong spin for
all ages. Ben Led! . showed her usual
streak of speed, but under the conditions,
was outclassed. She, however, took the
place from Rio Chico.
Track Notes.
The great stallion stake to be decided
during the State Fair at Sacramento In
1902, closed on January 1 with seventy
seven entries, a truly marvelous showing,
and Secretary Peter J. Shield is to 'be
congratulated. This makes It the banner
stake of this kind, no other one in this
country ever having received over fifty
eight entries. Among the stallions repre
sented are: Imp. Ormonde, Imp. St.
Gatien, Imp. Candlemas, Imp. Bassetlaw,
Imp. Midlothian, St. Carlo, Sam Lucas
and Logan. It* is estimated the stake will
be worth $20,000. The Occident trotting
stake for 11)02 closed with ninety entries,
while in past years sixty-seven was high
water mark. Secretary Shields also states
that moro payments have been. made on
entries to the Occident stake to be decided
this year than ever before.
Jockey T. Walsh was set down on Mon
day for the balance of the meeting at
Tanforan by Starter Caldwell. for getting
left at the post on Decoy. Tuesday both
Vittitoe and Bergen were left at the post
and no such action was taken. There ia
nothing like consistency, even on the turf.
Entries for To-Day.
First race— One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and upward.
561 Decoy 97|'54SRed Vlrate 87
5G4 Dolore Ss| 658 Scotch Plaid 10«
(55S)Cyril 101 j 559 Topmast 11l
657 Cromwell 101' 658 Bishop Reed. ...102
Second race— One mile and one-eighth; «ell-
Injt; three-year-olds and upwnrd.
<557)M<<adowthorpe .112 564 O'Connor >6
664 Sardonic 1091 557 Rixford 81
4SO Rapido 101; 547 Glengaber 99
£59 Imperious 109:
Third race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling. i
636 Advance Guard. lo2 653 Einstein 107
511 Bogus BUI 90 567 F. W. Erode.... »2
(561)GeyBer IC9 (51S)Tappan 109
Fourth race — Mile and a sixteenth; the Baden
stake*; three-year-olds and upward; 11200.
(Slß)Tappan '. 109 F. 67 Tlmemaker 110
567 Lob Medanos....loo 567 Zoroaster .......114
539 Topmast 11l (559)Potente .........110
(522>Casdale 102 f>s9 Morinel ...106
(573)Formero 106 859 Daisy F 102
Fifth race— Blx furlongs;, three-year-olda and
upward: selling.
666 William F 91] ... Thoa. Carey 91
CR6 Nora Ives 104 ... Momentum 112
491 Pongo 112 56S Caesar Toung... 94
666 Grand Sachem. .lCo 608 Leipzig 91
514 Delecta 104 ... Don Quixote 112
636 Modwena 104 614 The Offering.. ..lo6
352 San Augustine.. 106| 448 St. Isldor 10$
Sixth rac«— Seven furlongs; rour-year-olds and
upward. •
656 Braw Lass 100 573 San Venado 10S
469 Hard Knot 102 4SO Ballsta 108
461 Rlcardo 102 ... Lady M'dlesoms 17
666 Chas. Le Bel 102
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Cromwell, Decoy. Cyril.
Second race — Meadowthorpe,' Sardonic, Impe
rious.
Third race — Geyser, Advance Guard, Tappaa.
Fourth race — Daisy F, Zoroaster, Potente.
Fifth race— Momentum, Don Quixote, Leipzig.
Sixth race— Lady Meddlesome, Ballsta, Hard
Knot.
STANFORD
VICTORIOUS
AT SEATTLE
Northern Football Team Is
Beaten by a Score of
28 to 0.
Special \Dlspatch to • Tho Call.
SEATTLE. Jan. 3.— The Stanford-foot
ball team defeated the All-Seattle players
here to-day by a score of 2S to 0. The
toam work of the college left nothing to
be desired. The Seattle men played al
most a purely individual game, their team
work being very wea3t. The visitors had
everything their own way. Captain Mur
phy of Stanford was the star player of
the day. He was laid out near the end of
the second half and had to leave the field
The Karne was played In the presence of
a large crowd. It was remarkable for
pretty kicking, and. although one-sided,
was " Interesting from the epectators
standpoint. . _.
Seattle kicked off at 3 p. m, and Stan
ford secured the ball on' her thtrty-five
vard llr.e. In the first half Stanford scored
three times, despite Seattle's strenuous
ffforts to arrest her triumphal mark, and
the Cardinal pcored twice jn the second
half. Stanford twice failed to kick goal,
and the score stood 2S— O.
• The line-up of the team -was- as follow*:
Stanford. Position. Seatt J?',,
Tpp Center ~ Hall
Wrisley Rlftht ruard Hiekman
Da For'wt Left guard Moore
Bentlev Right tackle ™ P , rice
Trae«rrY Left tackle Walton
Paiker. Itijrht end..Dlckerson-Corbet
MeFadden Left end Burrows
Murphy (captain).... Quar ter Humes
FisVer Rijrht halfback.. ..Bogle-Fisher
Krb Left halfback Tebeau
Rudolph Fullback Allen
THE SAN FRAJSTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1900.
SCHOOL BOARD
HAS HELD ITS
LAST MEETING
Big Batch of Bills Are
Rushed Through.
HEAD CHARGES BAD FAITH
MABBIED TEACHERS ABE ONCE
MORE DISMISSED.
Many Transfers Are Made and Ona
Teacher Escapes a Trial— Cer- .
tiflcates Are Freely
Granted.
With a compliment from President B»iv
gerot for Its work (which it forgot to re
turn) the Board of Kdueatlon held. Its
final meeting last night and passed into
history- Director Head made a parting
protest against the payment of certain
bills, and attempted in vain to cajole Di
rector Stow hito a final combat; the su
perintendent was sustained In removing
married teachers from the department;, a
few transfers were made, the president
threw hi 3 bouquets and the curtain fell.
Even after adjournment Mr. Head
a«ked the chair for some information, but
was. told the board was dead. Superin
tendent Webster was absent, and this ci-
cumstance prevented the ventilation «t
some charges made against a teacner »n
the Sunnyslde district, who wasunnarael
It was regarding her that Mr, Head
wanted the information that he sought
too late. , ...
The Superintendent of Schoo.s km
declared vacant because of their mc.r
riage. . the positions of Mrs. S. Ha...
band (nee Strauss) of the Hamilton
Grammar -Scnool. Mrs. E. <|. MUe,
(nee Koch, assigned to the Hawthorne
because of Ignorance of her m.arn«i>,9
at the time) and Mrs. Letitia Dunne
(nee Blake) of the day «n" sl «P«» »*«. It
was resolved that tbe Board of Education
formally confirm the act of the superin
tendent by declaring their positions va
cant and ordering their names stricken
from the roll of nt
Joseph Dunne protested on behalf ot
Mrs. Dunne (Miss Blake) who was
dropped from the department tecauae she
married. The protest was denied and At
torney Dunne said that It was his Inten
tion to bring a suit to test the constitu
tionality of the board-s act In dismissing
teachers for marrying. ?„«„>,.-«
The following assignments of teachers
made by the Superintendent of Schools
*jII S5 Lucy Wade from the Jackson Pri
mary to the Park Primary. New cass
Miss M. A. Hosan from the Lincoln
Grammar to the Jackson Primary.
Mrs M. E. Perlet from the Lafayette
Primary to the Lincoln Grammar. Ke
fptvinir class.
Mrs L. Jacobs (leave of absence ter
minated) to the Lafayette Primary, vice
Mrs. M. E. Perlet.
The following recommendations of tno
City Board of Education were adopted:
For grammar grade certificates: Miss
Grace de Forest. Miss Charlotte T. Har
rington. Miss Ella Bradley, Miss Margaret
C Doherty. For special French certifi
cate—Miss Juliette A. Mergenthaler. For
life diplomas,. grammar grade— Misa Clara
B. Bailey, Miss Nellie G. Gallagher. Miss
Mac G. Kennedy, Miss Katherine A. Max
well. Miss Sarah Simpson, Miss Julia
Saalbers:. ' ' - '_
The Finance Committee recommended
that bills amounting to $10,030 be paid.
Director Head said that the demands
were irregular and should not be allowed.
He charged that the other members of
the Finance Committee had for some rea
son changed their minds since the com
mittee met, on which occasion, said Mr.
Head, some of those whose names were
on the bills had said they would not rec
ommend them favorably.
"These bills, especially the $6600 aggre
gation for the C, F. Weber Company.
were illegally contracted and are not Just
debts against the city. I would like to
knr>w why certain members, whom I could
name, have changed their minds 7" ¦
Director Stow replied very briefly ta
Head's remarks, and as no one courted a
debate. Head spoke again and repeated
his protest and the bills were passed.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
PL Luis. Miss A. B. Chalmers. Miss E. M.
Stafford and "Miss R. V. McFeely.
President Bergerot made a lengthy ad
dress to the board, reviewing the work It
had done during its term and emphasizing;
the many reforms It has inaugurated. '
Director Eells made the motion to ad
journ. It was Instantly seconded by half
a dozen members and while Mr. Head was
making his final speech the members
filed out. In the lobby one of the mem
bers remembered that, although the presi
dent had highly complimented the board,
there was such a desire to- adjourn that
no one .thought of^proposlng a . vote of
thanks to President ilergerot. ' . .
COO .FIRST RACES — Five furlongs; selling; maiden three-year-olds; purse, .s4oo.
Time— >4. :25; %. .:3S;. %. I:O4V*. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Winner. B. Schreiber's b. f.. by imp. Foul Shot-Theresla, ¦•
Winner had to be shaken up last part. Sharkey would have won at a longer distance.
March Seven lacked speed. Gold Finder stopped.
ffrtft SECOND RACE— Six furlones; selling:; 1 three-year-olds; purse. $100.
Time— %, :25; %. :5l; %, 1:15. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, L. H. Ezell's b. f.. by Kingston-Seville.
, After being 1 cut oft The Lady won at leisure. First Shot ran gamely. Choteau should
have been closer up. Sunello cut oft on backstretch.
Scratched— St. Casimir 111. '.'•¦ ¦- '.- • ¦ .
GL*7 f\ THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
X*7 | FOURTH RACE— Five' furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400,
Time-U. :13; U. :24Vi: % :37; %. ¦ 1:024. ¦ Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. K. Corrißan's eh. f., by imp. Bassetlaw-lmp. Sardonyx
A set-up for the winner.- which merely breezed home. Ben Ledi had speed, as usual
Sea Lion not ready. He prefers a longer distance. Lulu W will do better on a dry track!
She Is fast*
Scratched— Momentum. -vlf * :•;'*•'*-•-'
5T2» K fioo n RACE ~ ;One mlI ° and * half; Bellln * : thr ««-year-ol(J8 and upward; purse.
4
¦ I • Bettins.
Index. Horse. Weight.- St. Mm. %ra. %n>. Str. Fin. Jockeyi. Op. CJ.
... Foul riay 107 3 ... 13 14 ... 1 1»4 Bullman 3 .3-2
E3S Tom Sharkey 109 5 ... 6 131 '... 2 2 Vlttltoe ! 6 10
63S Caesar Young 112 6 ... 4 h 4 1 •*.. 3 1 Spencer 6 10
473 .March Seven 107 2 ... 6 H ¦ 7 1 ... 4 1 E. Ross 3 7-2
378 Miss Vera 107 1 ... 7 1 5 ... 5 2 Helnson 12 3')
532 Bonn. 107 7 ... 3 2 ¦2 h .... 6% Jenkins 10 20
400 FUle d'0r..... 107 8 .... 8 4 8 2 •;•... . 7^ Henry 12 30
SUS Gold Finder 109 4 ... 2h 6 1 ...8 2 N. Hill 10 15
466 Bt. Agnes 107 10 ... 11 92- ... 9 2 E. Jones 10 10
... Tekla 112 9 ... .92 10 ... 10 Conley ........ 6 10
638 Firelight II 109 1 11 ... 10 h U ... 11 Ruiz 20 .40
Index. Horse. Weight. St.
COl The' Lady.- 103 4
... First Shot 108 2
637 Gllssando 106 5
Ml Choteau- 106 3
661 Sunello IQ5| 1
Betting.
Ura.' Hm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. . " Op. Ci.
.... 6 m ii 12 n. Hin.... r-io i
... 11 t-Vt !!4 2h Bullman 8 80
.3« 8 1 31 J Hi Henry « • 15
¦«H 4% 43 44 B. Iloss 20 20
2hi 6 "6 6 Jenkins ....... 2 6-5
Index. Horße. Age. Weight. St. %m. . %m. %m. Str. Pin. Jockeys. Op. C-^i
... Facade, 4 106 2 21 . 1% 28" 22" 1h" Bullman 6 ~5
(C 6?) Wallensteln. 1 9J 4 51 ;BV4; 8V4 In 1H 23 J Martin T-5 8-5
E63 Ractvan; 4 lto 6 42 41 3 5 38 32 M Bergen 6 7
631 Whitcomb..6 103 1 12 2^4 62 42. 48 E." Jones.... 6-2 3
4?S Pint Call, S 112 6 64 62 610 62 512 Jenkins 6 12
4C7 Mugrnus, 5 109 3. 3h 55 42 6 6 68 B. Ross 25 60
610 Inverary 11. 5 ..109 7 7 7 7 7 7 Heln«on 40 .50
Time— •;. :26\i: H. :S2 l i; %. 1:1SH; mile. 1:46. Fair start. Won first three driving. Wln-
ner. N. S. Hall & Co.'s b. g., by Fabulous-Rupe*.
Horses carried the barrier away with them. Facade won on garaeness. Whltcomb eal-
loped for half a. mile, when he blew up. First Call sulks.
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.lSt. %m. %m. .
(4TS) Sardine, 3 ..........102 1 ... 2 1
661 Ben Ledl. 4 11l 2 ... 1H '
663 lUo Chlco. 4 113 4 ... 4 H
... Sea Lion. 4 116 C ... 610
... Lulu .XV. 4 Hi 3 ... 7
... Gold Baron. 4 .118 T ... 6 1
431 Spry Lark, a 115 5 ... 3 H
%m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cm!
I* . 1* J5 A-lttltoe 1-2 7-JO
I * 2 2 2 2 E. Roas 5-2^ 9-5
f I f « 85. Uulz 10 20
* 6 6 H 4Vi Bullmftii 10 10
l' m 6 H 6 2 X. Hill 40 100
B 2 4H . 65 ¦ Basslnger .... 50 200
*te ¦ 7 7 Henri- •. 60 COO
r .:-. ¦ ¦ I . '. ¦ _ !—•"¦
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Y t m. 'Km.- %m. 6tr. Fin.' ' . Jockeys. . Op." 1 ?.'!
657 Chlmura, 4 1.103 2 3 1 2h 2 1 1U 1 2 Vlttlto* '' 6 4
(E£S) Dr. Bernays. E 109 5 II 1112 2 1 21 E . Jone<J'L"" 7-10 1-5
557 Stuttpart. 4 10f,3 2% 3 3 3 3 3 1 3 2 nu iman B~ «
653 Faunette. 6 105 4 6 i 414 4. 48 J Martin""" 7 20
•M 7 Fortl.. 4 102 1 .48. .4 1. 5 6 6 . knklM "'."i: 10 -10
Index. Horse. Ag». Weight. St.
%m.
¦%m.
Km.
Str.
Pin.
I.
? Jockeys.
ißettlna.
Op. Cl.
620 Formero * 11l 2
...' Bannoekburn, 6. ...114 4
E43 Ban Venado, 6 114 1
657 Del Paso 11, 6 114 6
E5B Dogtown, 5 .........114 3
CT.« Gov. Sheehart. a 124 6
4 h
3 2
1 *
5 3
2 1
6 10
• 1 h
. 2 4
4 h
3 1
• 6 ¦¦¦ ¦
3 2
• In-
2 6
4 8
6 20
6
3 S
1 n
24
4 20
6 20
, 6
1 h Rule 4 10
214 Bullmaft ..... 2-5 1-3
3 4 Jenkins 4 9-2
*40 Spencer 6 .11
620 E., Robs 15 100
"¦'< .¦ Morgan ....... 20 250
Index. Horse. Ag». Weight. St.
%m.
¦%m.
Km.
Str.
Pin.
I.
? Jockeys.
ißettlna.
Op. Cl.
620 Formero * 11l 2
...' Bannoekburn, 6. ...114 4
E43 Ban Venado, 6 114 1
657 Del Paso 11, 6 114 6
E5B Dogtown, 5 .........114 3
CT.« Gov. Sheehart. a 124 6
4 h
3 2
1 *
5 3
2 1
6 10
• 1 h
. 2 4
4 h
3 1
• 6 ¦¦¦ ¦
3 2
• In-
2 6
4 8
6 20
6
3 S
1 n
24
4 20
6 20
, 6
1 h Rule 4 10
214 Bullmaft ..... 2-5 1-3
3 4 Jenkins 4 9-2
*40 Spencer 6 .11
620 E., Robs 15 100
"¦'< .¦ Morgan ....... 20 250
r .:-. ¦ ¦ I . '. ¦ _ !—•"¦
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Y t m. 'Km.- %m. 6tr. Fin.' ' . Jockeys. . Op." 1 ?.'!
657 Chlmura, 4 1.103 2 3 1 2h 2 1 1U 1 2 Vlttlto* '' 6 4
(E£S) Dr. Bernays. E 109 5 II 1112 2 1 21 E . Jone<J'L"" 7-10 1-5
557 Stuttpart. 4 10f,3 2% 3 3 3 3 3 1 3 2 nu iman B~ «
653 Faunette. 6 105 4 6 i 414 4. 48 J Martin""" 7 20
•M 7 Fortl.. 4 102 1 .48. .4 1. 5 6 6 . knklM "'."i: 10 -10
¦ I • Bettins.
Index. Horse. Weight.- St. Mm. %ra. %n>. Str. Fin. Jockeyi. Op. CJ.
... Foul riay 107 3 ... 13 14 ... 1 1»4 Bullman 3 .3-2
E3S Tom Sharkey 109 5 ... 6 131 '... 2 2 Vlttltoe ! 6 10
63S Caesar Young 112 6 ... 4 h 4 1 •*.. 3 1 Spencer 6 10
473 .March Seven 107 2 ... 6 H ¦ 7 1 ... 4 1 E. Ross 3 7-2
378 Miss Vera 107 1 ... 7 1 5 ... 5 2 Helnson 12 3')
532 Bonn. 107 7 ... 3 2 ¦2 h .... 6% Jenkins 10 20
400 FUle d'0r..... 107 8 .... 8 4 8 2 •;•... . 7^ Henry 12 30
SUS Gold Finder 109 4 ... 2h 6 1 ...8 2 N. Hill 10 15
466 Bt. Agnes 107 10 ... 11 92- ... 9 2 E. Jones 10 10
... Tekla 112 9 ... .92 10 ... 10 Conley ........ 6 10
638 Firelight II 109 1 11 ... 10 h U ... 11 Ruiz 20 .40
Index. Horse. Weight. St.
COl The' Lady.- 103 4
... First Shot 108 2
637 Gllssando 106 5
Ml Choteau- 106 3
661 Sunello IQ5| 1
Betting.
Ura.' Hm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. . " Op. Ci.
.... 6 m ii 12 n. Hin.... r-io i
... 11 t-Vt !!4 2h Bullman 8 80
.3« 8 1 31 J Hi Henry « • 15
¦«H 4% 43 44 B. Iloss 20 20
2hi 6 "6 6 Jenkins ....... 2 6-5
Index. Horße. Age. Weight. St. %m. . %m. %m. Str. Pin. Jockeys. Op. C-^i
... Facade, 4 106 2 21 . 1% 28" 22" 1h" Bullman 6 ~5
(C 6?) Wallensteln. 1 9J 4 51 ;BV4; 8V4 In 1H 23 J Martin T-5 8-5
E63 Ractvan; 4 lto 6 42 41 3 5 38 32 M Bergen 6 7
631 Whitcomb..6 103 1 12 2^4 62 42. 48 E." Jones.... 6-2 3
4?S Pint Call, S 112 6 64 62 610 62 512 Jenkins 6 12
4C7 Mugrnus, 5 109 3. 3h 55 42 6 6 68 B. Ross 25 60
610 Inverary 11. 5 ..109 7 7 7 7 7 7 Heln«on 40 .50
Time— •;. :26\i: H. :S2 l i; %. 1:1SH; mile. 1:46. Fair start. Won first three driving. Wln-
ner. N. S. Hall & Co.'s b. g., by Fabulous-Rupe*.
Horses carried the barrier away with them. Facade won on garaeness. Whltcomb eal-
loped for half a. mile, when he blew up. First Call sulks.
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.lSt. %m. %m. .
(4TS) Sardine, 3 ..........102 1 ... 2 1
661 Ben Ledl. 4 11l 2 ... 1H '
663 lUo Chlco. 4 113 4 ... 4 H
... Sea Lion. 4 116 C ... 610
... Lulu .XV. 4 Hi 3 ... 7
... Gold Baron. 4 .118 T ... 6 1
431 Spry Lark, a 115 5 ... 3 H
%m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cm!
I* . 1* J5 A-lttltoe 1-2 7-JO
I * 2 2 2 2 E. Roas 5-2^ 9-5
f I f « 85. Uulz 10 20
* 6 6 H 4Vi Bullmftii 10 10
l' m 6 H 6 2 X. Hill 40 100
B 2 4H . 65 ¦ Basslnger .... 50 200
*te ¦ 7 7 Henri- •. 60 COOFraternal Elections.
The' following-named officers have been
elected to serve Norman Lodge of the
Knights of Honor as its officers for the
ensuing term: William Saalburg, ¦ past
dictator; Joseph Morris, dictator; H.
Monash, vice dictator; George W. Mur
phy, assistant dictator; J. Gans. reporter;
P. I. Joyce, financial reporter; F. William
Zehfus, treasurer; Joseph McGlffln,
guide; J. Brock, chaplain; F. Wilkins,
guard; A. Selig. sentinel; A. W. Perry,
M.D.. examining physician; D. Davis. N.
H Hirshfeld and J. C. Sawtelle, trustees.
Pacific Lodge, Independent Order B'ne
Brith has elected the following named as
Its officers for the ensuing . term: J.
Schweitzer, monitor: Herman , Harris,
president; William Geist, vice president;
Jacob Gans. secretary; J. Newman,
treasurer; D. Davis, assistant monitor;
P. Harris, warder; Isidore Gans, outside
guard; H. Schwartz, D. Davis and L.
Ehrllch. trustees; Dr. Marc Newman,
director; William Geist, D. Davis, Louis
Ehrlich, J. Newman and H. Schwartz,
representatives to the district . Grand
Lodge.
Officer Meredith Operated On.
Police Officer Meredith, who shot him
self at his home. 725. Castro, street, on
Monday night, was operated on at Dr.
Howard's sanitarium yesterday. Thir
teen small pieces of bone were found to
have located themselves on his brain, be
sides a small clot of blood. As soon as
these were removed the patient felt re
lieved'and the paralysis disappeared. The
physicians have hopes of his recovery.
The charges of intoxication was con
tinued before the Police Commissioners
last night.
MASONIC INSTALLATION.
Five Most Illustrious Grand Masters
in a Subordinate Council.
The Royal and Select Masters of Cali
fornia Council No. 2 had their officers in
stalled last night in the Masonic Temple
by Charles 1,. Fiel'J, assisted by F. H.
Day. They are: Henry Ascroft, thrice
illustrious master; Robert Ash, deputy
illustrious master; George Penlington,
principal conductor of works; Charles
.Lord Field, treasurer; Franklin H. Day,
recorder; William Callinan, captain of
guards; Alexander Willman. conductor;
Ralph La Forest Hathorn, steward; Sam
uel D. Mayer, organist, and George W.
Perkins, organist. A remarkable fact in
connection with this set of officers is that
the first five, the elected officers, are all
most illustrious past grand masters of
the Grand Council, the like of which has
never before been known in a subordinate
council. After the ceremonies there was
an excellent supper, at which Henry As
croft officiated as toast master.
There were present the following
named: R. J. Allen, George Ij. iiurdock,
H. N*. Hoffman, H. T. Kmery. \V. B.
Lucas. George Spaldlng, Marcus Getz.
S. L. Rosenstock, George Lip
rran, E. T. Anthony. Simon Myerson,
Henry C. Hubbard. Ed Stophenson, V. U.
I-add, C. F. Metzner, B. B. Duncan, Theo
dore Frolich, B. F. Garratt, Edwin A.
Sherman of Oakland, \V. T. Perkins.
Charles H. Gwinn. \V. B. Hunt of Shasta,
B Speir. D. J. Edgar. C. M. Plummer,
j'w. Lucas. Thomas Kyle, J. R. Daggett,
H. E. Blossom. J. B. Warwick. D. A.
Baum. James* McCarty. J. A. -Marsh, A.
Woodside, J. B. Taylor. William Calllnan.
Cass Post Installation.
The following named were Installed last
r.'.^-ht as officers of Colonel Cass Post of
the Cran.l Army of the Republic for the
current term: G. \V. Arbuckle, com-
RULnder; John O'Ncll, senior vice com
mander; James liutlcr. junior vice com
mar.dcr; I-Mward Kelly, surgeon: John
Money, chaplain: R. K. Dowdell. quar
termaster: J. H. Riley. officer of the day;
H. J. Brown, adjutant: Kdward Johnston.
officer of tho guard; Thomas Barry, ser
geant major.
At the close of the ceremony Com
mander Arbuckle presented a large and
beautiful volume «f stories of the war.
Bfter •which thore was served a collation.
Tw.i hnnrs w«-ro spirit in telling stories of
the Civil War and singing- songs that
chr*>r<~-rt tho veterans in <iays of old.
CATHOLIC TRUTH
SPREADS WITH
THE CENTURIES
Father Yorke Upholds
His Religion.
HE DEFIES ITS ASSAILANTS
LECTURE LAST NIGHT AT ST.
MARY'S CATHEDRAL.
Speaker Claimed That "Morality Is
Rotting Out of Puhlic Life"
and That Political Johs
Are Curses.
"Catholic Truth" was the subject of a
lecture delivered last evening at St.
Mary's Cathedral by Rev. Peter C. Yorke.
It was the first of a series of similar ad
dresses to be given under the auspices of
the Catholic Truth Society. An audience
that filled every pew in the cathedral and
crowded into the galleries greeted the
speaker.
Father Yorke spoke at length on the
force and strength of the Catholic teach
ings, arguing that they embodied the only
true religion. He deplored, what he
stated to be a fact, that "morality is rot
ting out of our public life," and said that
the spreading of Catholic truth offered
the only relief from the evil. Briefly the
speaker said:
It is Important that the beginning of the
new year t-hould also mark the beginning
of new activity in the Catholic Truth So-
clety. As we pass on from one year to
another we are reminded that time is n>et
init fast and that our lives are Ilowint as
rapidly as the slight of time. Here on
earth there is no i^ttlnK pl:ue for the soles
of our feet, for we are betng hurried en,
on, to some unknewn fate, and we begin
to meditate If we are filling the positions
tif uselu!ne«s for which we wore created.
We do nut think what is before us or what
will be our end.
We ask f>ur sou!s if there be nnt some
thins: everlasting. Our answer comes ac
cording to thp way in which we have been
educated or the truths that have been in-
Ftilled into us. This is the significance of
the Catholic Truth Society at the beelnnins
of this century. In Catholic truth and
Catholic faith alone we find comfort in
thinkinp of our future. I mean by Cath
olic truth and faith the religion of Christ.
If Christ war rlcht. Catholic truth must
be right, for it If truth for the whole world
—for all men of all colors, for all time,
for all classes and for all religions. The
object of the church is to scatter Catholic
truth over the entire world. It is n church
fitted to every clafs and to every nation.
The speaker then referred to the per
secution to which the church had been
subjected in centuries past, but said that
reason and truth had finally triumphed
and that the church had reached a point
where it could defy every attack made
upon it and pnan its fingers in the face
of every bigot that dared assail it. He
drew a simile between the church and the
tree stump, apparently dead, but which
with the rains and the warmth of the
sun sends forth fresh sprouts and eventu
ally resumes more magnificent propor
tions than ever before.
Continuing Father Yorke said:
In Ireland they not only cut down the tree,
but burn It and scatter its ashes to the
winds. Catholic truth, however, prevailed
In the end and to-day It Is stronger and
grander there than ever. From the manner
in which others have taken up our teach
ings, piece by piece, demonstrates the force
of Catholic truth. The wonderful growth
of the church In America, the most en
licht?ne<l nation on the Klobe, is a matter of
congratulation.
It Is a pity that our truths and our teach
ings <tr< not have greater effect on those who
govern Uf. Morality is rotting out of our
public life. Money or a political Job Is the
ambition of too many men. Thi? cannot bo
on forever. Some day the people will call
their pen-ants to account for what they have
Ftolen from us. giving us so little In return.
Labor will rise up against capital, and
eventually our social and civic conditions
will Itecome purified. In Catholic truth we
find the remedy.
SHE THREATENED
TO FILL HIM UP
WITH BLUE LEAD
Thornton Says This
of Mrs. Lung.
A SPICY ALIMONY CONTEST
EFFORT MADE TO REDUCE THE
USUAL ALLOWANCE.
Judg-s Murasky Ended What Prom
ised to Be an Exciting Session
by Taking the Case Un
der Advisement.
Crittcndcn Thornton was the star wit-
Bess yestertiay, as well as attorney, for
It. George A. L-ung, surgton of the
cruiser Philadelphia, on the hearing be
fore Judpe ilurasky of the alimony order
6ecurod bjr Mrs. Elizabeth Lur.g against
her divorced husband. Mrs. I/urk, who
Is now residing with the Sisters of
Charity at tho Magdalen Asylum, re
covering her health, which failed during j
the trying litigation in which phe was j
the defendant, complained that her hus- '
band willfully refused to comply with the j
order of court compelling the payment
of alimony for her maintenance and
eupport. She secured the order to show
cause, and for the second time Dr. Lung
¦ was cited to appear and explain his ac
tions.
A brief areumi'nt as to tho status of
th.- case, the legality of certain docu
ments and the correctness of statements
made by couhfH opened the proceedings,
and thon Mr. Thornton. In the absence
ct Dr. Lung, called himself to the stand. [
Ills purpose «>f testifying was to bear
out his assertion that Mrs. Lung was not
In nv«-d of $>¦! ji month for her support,
the amount allowed her by the court, as j
¦ he claimed that she was expending a j
large portion of th<> allowance gratifying |
a crnvir.g f<T strong drink.
"Mrs. Lung met me." he said, "after
the conclusion of th«» divorce proceedings
¦ iind jirnved her condition by her actions.
She abused m«, threatened me, swore at
¦ me, harangued me and ended by signify
ing her Intention of filling me full of
'Wue l«-ad.' She should now be allowed
¦ this amount of money for — "
At this point the bailiff suggested that
matters were beginning to look ominous.
the court mildly mentioned the fact that I
th#» testimony m immaterial and Mr.
Thornton retired from the stand.
Mrs. Lung, petite and smiling, took the
stand, paid that she was without funds
nnd was dependent upon friends for her
maintenance. She needed the money, she
. *aid. and asked for the relief of 'court, j
Judg^ Murasky ended the inquiry by
triking the matter under advisement for |
future decision.
R. E. Glaze, formerly chief clerk of tho
Baldwin Hotel, together with J. N. Janes,
has leased the Windsor • Hotel, 2 corner
Market and Fifth streets.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Clara D. Henesey from Walter J. Henesey
on the ground of willful neglect, Josephine
E. Leggett from William F. Leggett on
the ground of willful, desertion and Gio
vanni Cassinelli from Rellia Cassinelll on
the ground of desertion.
Suits for divorce on the ground of deser
tion have been filed by Carl W. Jentzsch
against : Mabel M. Jentzsch" and Nicola
Latlano against Carmella Latlano.
THOMAS WANTS HIS MONEY.
Seeks to Enjoin Payment of Demands
Against the School Department.
J. M. Thomas, "for himself and such
other creditors similarly situated, who de
pire to share in the expense of action,"
has sued Auditor Wells and the several
hundred creditors of the School Depart
ment to determine the amount of offsets
and to obtain an injunction until a de
cree to divide the school fund proportion
ately among the creditors is entered.
Thomas, who is a merchant creditor in
the sum of $520, avers that the Auditor is
about to allow the claims of the teachers
for the demands of the teachers and jani
tors so that they will receive their money
in full from tho $70,000 to be paid into the
school fund January G, which would, he
claims, be in violation of the agreement
of April 19, ISJ*9. whereby the merchant
creditors and the teachers agreed to di
vide the funds remaining, one half for tho
benefit of each class of creditors.
In conclusion the plaintiff prays for
Judgment providing for a fair and equit
able distribution of' remaining funds or
funds that may hereafter bo paid in for
the use of the department.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FroUcfcing with her baby makes one of
the prettiest spectacles ever seen in the
home. But nothing is sadder to see than
the imhappy mother, weak and nervous,
striving in vain to hush the cries of her
¦weak and nervous babe. There can be
1 no happiness for
Tz^''*ikZ*!£i[~t£c- : 3& either mother or
I£^. : l iu.y '^^^^^ child -without
fjjp§§s Pierces Favorite
[*^qr )fe <O^> L. Y^ejj done wonders " for
K^v- ; j' r l ! l y^-^tffc oany a woman,
£r^Mtf£r 3zHL nfil *° mot ber- j
i^^^^fyV^ hood. This really
j&J2§£s3Hfl»|sfe c^ nc is not a cure-
ri^w^^Js^^f^Tj? signed to cure dis-
f % { b &£'}^X^\f? eases peculiar to
\y^ri^)^Zppf\- women. It dries
feflV^ffisTv^^JA, debilitating drains,
tt^"(i^4|£^£^/!&?' heals inflammation
I afs£2r&ip4p| cures fetnale weak-
1 ££Xi5 I §»§&ils^iii ness > an d removes
y^?A££2£2§^r^\?sj£ ! the causes which
i^^^^fi^-^&s: "omen nervous
Prescription " and
it contains no opium, cocaine or other
aarcutic.
Mr*. Jests W. Blaclcw. of 629 Cather-
ine Street, Syracuse. N. V.. ¦writes: "Your
tnetiicines have done wonders for me. For
years my health wa* very poor; I had four
miscarriages, hut since taking Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite iTeKcription and 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery.' I have much better health, and now I
have "a fine healthy baby."
Use Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets with i
'Favorite Prescription" if the bowels
are inactive or irregular.
BIG REDUCTION I
IN HIGHGRADE
TAILOR=MADE SUITS;
I For a Limited Timr.
jNote the Prices: <p^Jsfc I
Is^ck Suits Slo-vO !
•Frock Suits- 22. T0 £jlw I
: Prince Albert Suits 25.00 ybi^S\ \
|l-"ull Dress Suits... 40.00 & F%[[\\ '
•Overcoits. 20.00 g>jts%\k* :
JOE POHEIM, efe^j '
The Tailor, r»?1^"a //
::-.'-".::: Market rt.. '$**£& H' m '
:¦ : : i :.: ntcoro»-ry Ft., wZ&Z&r/^
SAN FItAICCISCO. F^Cgfcfy
OAKU KD. rtSS- %
111 South Eprinsr street. fcr\J)y
COKE! COKE!
r. a. McDonald.
Wlic2e*a!« D#«!rr »na Shipper of Cck*.
OFFICE »;J FOLSOM ST.
fkCl ¦""¦£¦*» Completely eradicated with-
in IP ¦ out outtln * or tylnr. No
h 5 E_S tl cure, no pay. For informa-
• ¦ t!on address S. F. ItBCTAX.
ilui i v ... i — INSTITUTE. 1170 Market.
1900. NEW STORE. 1900.
4
RemarkaWe Clearance Sale!
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS!
-»????????» ??--» -»-? ??»??????»•
J. O'Brien & Co/s New Store will be made the center of
attraction THIS WEEK.
HIGH-GRADE GOODS AT LOW PRICES.
SEASONABLE GOODS AT LOW PRICES.
NOVELTY GOODS AT LOW PRICES.
Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits. Tailor-Made Jackets.
$20.00 marked down to $12.50 $7.^0 marked down to. $5.00
22.50 marked down t0......;. 15.00 10.^0 marked down to. 7.75
27.50 marked down to 20.00 I 2 o marked down to 9.75
30.00 marked down to 22.50 ¦? oo marke d down to. 11.75
40.00 marked down to 27.50 I?5O marked down to 12.50
r a- it\ ciT+n^miir^n^i 20.00 marked down to 15.00
Ladies' Dress Skirts m Silk and Wool. 2(? . c0 marked down to. 16.50
$12.50 marked down to $8.50 27.50 marked down to. 18.50
20.00 marked down t0. ....... 14.75 30.00 marked down to 20.00
1 1. 00 marked down to. 7.75 marked down to. 22.50
6.00 marked down to 3.90 , 7>^ o ma rked down to. 27.50
2500 marked down to 17.50
v Silk Petticoats. Plush Jackets.
$ 7. 50 marked down to $4. 75 ' $ 1 7. 50 marked down to $10.00
1 1. 00 marked down to 7.75 20.00 marked down to 12.50
15.00 marked down to 11.75 2^ oo marked down to 15.00
25.00 marked down to 17.50
Our stock is entirely new.
Our reductions Will be found exactly as represented. Onr reductions arc genuine. ' • .
All goods marked in plain figures. s ee Examiner for Great Bargains in Black and Col-
We are strictly a One-Price House. ore d Dress Goods.
•?•?•••••?•• -»?»??«??????
NEW STORE, NEW STORE,
1146 MARKET STREET 1146 MARKET STREET
Between Taylor and Mason Streets. >i '-' Between Taylor and Mason Street*.
CHINAMAN DISAPPEARS.
Witness in a Murder Case Sought in
Vain by Detectives.
Detective Ed Gibson spent last evening
in Chinatown searching for a missing:
wltnessjn a_Chinese_murder_case. _ The
witness, whose " name" is Won? Ah Toy,
was counted on to give some of the most
Important testimony In the case, and the
manner of his disappearance has yet to
bi accounted for.
For several days past Wong Gee Toy
has been on trial In one of the local
courts for the murder of Wong Kun Chee,
which crime was committed in the Jack
t-on-street Theater, August 7, 1898. At the
time of the shooting five witnesses
claimed that they could identify the
murderer, and one of these was Wong
Ah Toy, who accompanied Detective Gib
son to Siskiyou County, where the defen
dant was apprehended. Wong pointed out
the murderer to the detective, and until
tho present time has always manifested
a xvillinKneFS to appear against Wong Gee
Toy. Wong Ah Toy remained In China
town until a couple of days ago. when he
mysteriously disappeared, and tho of
fifers have so far failed to discover hts
whereabouts. Owing to the fact that he
was so energetic in the prosecution of the
case Detective Gibson has a suspicion
that he may have been spirited away by
friends of the defendant.
McLaurin for the Senate.
JACKSON, Jan. 3.— The Democratic cau
cus here to-night unanimously nominated
ex-Governor J. A. McLaurin for the long
term United States Senatorship.
Maccabee Club Organizes.
The Maccabee Club, which has for it 3
object the mutual improvement of He
brew young men, was organized last night
as a branch of the Emanuel Sisterhood.
The ofiicers are: President, Leo Vlshoot;
vice president, Herman Bauer; financial
secretary, Joseph Samuel; recording sec
retary, Leon Brown; treasurer. A. C.
Nathan. The club meets on the first and
third Wednesdays of each month and has
an open lecture ©very Monday night at
Its hall, 274 Ninth street.
Quarantine of a
Trader.
Can a Minor Go as
Ship's Mate— Castle
to Be Fumigated.
A LARGE fleet of vessels made port
yesterday. Nearly all the over
due steamers delayed by the
southeaster came in and quite a
fleet of overdue sailing vessel 3
showed up. The Normandie, Cassard and
Crown of Denmark appeared up off th<*
Lightship during the day and were towed
In. They found the other fleet that got in
Tuesday at anchor off Meiggs wharf with
their "sails out drying after the rain.
The bark Nicholas Thayer came in from
Clipperton Island. She was to have loaded
guano there for Honolulu, but, like the
Bessie X., could not get a load on account
of the weather, so she came back to San
Francisco. The Bessie K. did succeed in
petting five tons of guano aboard, but the
Nicholas Thayer came back without a
pound.
The barkentlne S. N. Castle came In
from Honolulu and was placed in quaran
tine. She will go to the hulk to-day as
soon as the Australia is released and will
Godiva's Bare
Escape.
Swept by Tidal Wave
She Nearly Goes
Down.
THREE more of the overdue fleet
made port yesterday. All had a
terrible time of it off the Horn dur
ing the month of October and one
of them nearly went down under
a "tidal wave."
The arrival of the Louis Pasteur and
Jules Verne at Portland Tuesday and the
Normandie, Godiva and Cassard at this
port yesterday leaves to be accounted for
only one of the overdue fleet that was
caught in the October gales off the Horn.
That vessel is the French bark General
Neumayer and the underwriters now fear
that she was the vessel that was rumored
to be ashore at Cape Horn. All the ar
rivals report heavy .weather and some of
mem suffered to a great extent, while
one, the Godiva, was swept fore and aft.
The Godiva and Itajore left Newcastle,
Eng., in company for this port. Both ves
sels made very long passages and on each
of thorn 10 per cent reinsurance was paid.
The Rajore made port last week and re
ported a very hard time of it rounding the
Cape of Storms. Sunday last the Godiva
showed up off the heads and Pilot Meyer
boarded her. It came on to blow and tho
ship had to stand off ashore and it was
not until yesterday afternoon that she
showed up off the Golden Gate again.
She looked weather beaten and a closer
inspection showed that she had seen
heavy weather. Everywhere from cabin
to forecastle the storms had left traces
of their visit and not a man aboard was
sorry to hear the command, "Let go the
anchor," when the ship was off Meiggs
wharf.
Captain Trunks. In his report, says that
the month of October opened with heavy
weather. From the 3d to the 16th the ves
sel was almost continually under water
and the crew suffered in a corresponding
degree. On October 17, what the captain
describes as a "tidal wave" or. "surf
sea" broke aboard and. swept everything
movable on deck away.
The cabin skylights were broken and
four feet of water flooded the cabin. The
charthouse was washed out, life buoys,
binnacles, compass, lamps, ventilators,
etc., were carried away, the entire poop
taffrail was smashed, iron stanchions
were bent and twisted, the railing, of the
bridge was carried away, the keel of one
of the lifeboats was broken, the spanker
boom was snapped off and went overboard
with all Its attachments, the storeroom
was Hooded and many of the supplies
were ruined, the sail locker was flooded,
all the ship's signal flags and the cap
tain's binoculars were washed overboard,
the forecastle was gutted, and tho only
lucky thing about the whole affair is that
no one was hurt.
After the wave had passed the vessel
was fixed up as well as possible and the
Horn was finally rounded. From that on
the Godiva met with adverse winds, her
hard luck following her even to the Gold
en Gate, when she had to stand out to sea
again with the pilot aboard.
The Crown of Denmark, also from New
castle, England, had a pretty hard time
of it also. She caught the Godlva's gale
on October 20. A sea swept her from stem
to stern and not only started tho star
board bulwarks, but stove in the doors of
the forward house. The men's quarters
were flooded, and the cook, along with
his pots and pans, was swept out of the
galley. One of the Crown of Denmark's
crew was sick with the scurvy when the
ship came In. He will be sent to the*
Marine Hospital.
The French barks Cassard and Nor
mandie also had a hard month of It off
the Horn. The underwriter* were paying
15 per cent to reinsure both of them, so
the gamblers were happy when they were
reported off tho heads. The Cassard was
reported off Point Reyes at 2:30 p. m. and
did not get in until some time after the
Normandie; still she beats that vessel
over a week in the run from Swansea.
The General Neumayer, over which much
anxiety is felt, is now out 184 days from
Swansea. -
HERMAPHRODITE BRIG HARRIET G IN A SOUTHEASTER.
Mutiny on the
Harriet G.
"Green Hands" Make
Hard Work for Ofii
cers in a Storm.
MUTINY and heavy weather were
the principal incidents of the
round trip of the brig Harriet G.
between San Francisco and New
Britain. The venture was in the
nature of an experiment, and as
it has only been partially successful the
proposed line of sailing vessels between
here and the German New Guinea posses
sions may fall through.
The brig left here on July 29 last with
a green crew and there was trouble as
soon as the towboat cast her off outside
the heads. There were four men before
the mast and out of that number three
had never been to sea before in their lives.
All of them were fresh from the vino
yards of Sonoma County and were lured
Into snipping before the mast on the
Harriet G on the representation that they
were going to "a land flowing with milk
and honey," with dusky princesses to be
picked up for the asking. When the order
to make sail was given by Captain Way
land, the vineyardists were found in their
bunks "dead to the world" from seasick
ness. An attempt to get them on their
feet was made and failed. Then the first
and second mate, the one A. 8., and the
Japanese cook had to hoist the sails and
sheet -them home. All the way down to
New Britain there was trouble with the
men and once they made a bold attempt
to take possession of the ship.
When the Harriet G reached her des
tination the vineyardists from Sonoma
found their "land of milk and honey" to
bo all that was to be desired, but the
dusky princesses had a discouraging habit
of eating up men of an alien race who
presented themselves as suitors. The Ger
man control only extends about five or
six miles along the coast of the Islands.
In the Interior the natives are pronounced
cannibals, and during the stay of the
Harriet G a German trader named
Bucholz was captured and eaten.
These facts upset the calculations of the
would-be colonists. and checked their in
tention to desert. Captain Wayland
could get no one else to take their places
and much against his will he was obliged
to bring them back as "sailors" instead
of passengers. The voyage was nothing
but a succession of storms, and as the
three vlneyardlsts were as "green" as the
day they left San Francisco nearly all the
work fell on the first and second mate.
Needless to say the trip was not a picnic
for the men who could not or would not
work, and in consequence there was many
a scrap in which the "preen" hands got
the worst of it. No one on the Harriet G
wants to repeat the New Britain voyage.
"New Britain possesses the prettiest
harbor In the world," said Captain Way
land yesterday. "There are quite a number
of Germans there and the Catholics and
Wesleyan Methodists have missions there.
E. E. Forysath & Co. and the German New
Guinea Company own large concession?
and do a large business. A mall steamer
calls there from Australia about every
two months and a German steamer from
Singapore touches there occasionally. The
Harriet G was the first trader that
went there from San Francisco and I
think she will be the last. We have
brought back with us about 300 tons of
copra.
"The Interior of New Britain and the
Admiralty group are in the hands of the
savages and they are a bad lot. Wlille
we were there a German trader was mur
dered, and I suppose eaten.
"We had nothing but heavy weather
coming home, and sometimes I was afraid
we might never see San Francisco again.
On December 8 we carried away our main
boom and for four days thereafter we
were under storm sails. After that we re
paired damages and then it blew another
hurricane for three days. The brig rod*
well, but nevertheless it was a tryiug
time. We had three days of a good fair
breeze after that, 'and then. to port wo
had nothing but northeast and southeast
gales. We were off Point Reyes last Fri
day, but were driven off shore again. We
got a slant to-day and made port all
right." • :/ "- ;;
HER FAVORITE
WEAPON WAS A
BOILING KETTLE
Gottard A. Guibbiny
Seeks a Rest.
ASKS FOR ABSOLUTE DIVORCE
HE CHARGES HIS WIFE WITH
EXTREME CRUELTY.
Claims She Threatened to Poison
Him, Tried to Scald Him
and Then to Stab
Him. i
Gottard A. Guibbiny. Italian correspond
ent of the firm of Wheaton. Breon & Co;,
has carried his marital woes to the courts
for adjudication. In a complaint filed re
cently in the County Clerk's office he a.«ks
for a decree of divorce from hi 3 wife.
Catherine Guibbiny, on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. Inflicted both physically
and mentally and through various means
and devices.
By way of introduction to his complaint
Guibbiny alleges that he married hla.wtf*
August 17, 1579. For many years, he con
tinues, they led a life of content, but re
cently she has been making his life un
bearable. The first specific act of cruelty
alleged by the plaintiff occurred in No
vember of last year. At that time, he al
leges, she attempted to throw a lighted
lamp at him and was only prevented by
the hasty intervention of their daughter.
The following night at their home, 114
Slckels avenue. Ocean View, Mrs. Guib
biny, in the dead hour of darkness, pro
cured a kettle full of boiling water and
was about to enter his room for the.pur
pose of scalding him when Miss Gnibblny
again intervened and saved him from seri
ous injury. Again, he alleges, she threw
a kettle of boiling water at his head, ius.t
missed him and made a hole in the' pias
ter. ¦ : •
Guibbiny. continuing, says that almost
daily his wife has threatened to kill him,
ha 3 daily nagged, abused and ill-treated
him until life has become a burden, hia
health Injured and his employment en
dangered. At times s'ae threatened, to
poison him. used various degrees of lan
guage toward him and on s.everal occa
sions expectorated in his face. Again sho
attempted to stab him, but with the as
sistance of the neighbors he finally dis
armed her and saved his life.
Since they took up their present resi
dence Mrs. Guibbiny is charged by her
husband with having pursued dally a syy
tematlc course of persecution until ?ho
has made his home "a veritable hell."
She has thrown beer in h!3 face, he avers,
dri\ - en him from his home, caused him
to call upon the neighbors to assist him
in subduing her, forced him to guanl
against poison that "she might not rid
herself of him, whom she no longer
loved," and. drove him to find his meals
at places other than his home.
Mr. Guibbiny attributes all of his woo
to his wife's intemperance, which, he
says, interferes with her family duties,
disturbs her temper and makes her home
a veritable pandemonium. • • .
In addition to a decree of divorce Mr.
Guihblny prays for the custody of his
daughter, Josephine Guibbiny, and asks
the court to make such disposition of the
community property, which consists of
money and real estate, as may bo found
proper and in accordance with justice.
be fumigated in order to kill all the rats
that may be aboard. Quarantine Officer
Klnyoun is more afraid of the rodents
carrying the germs of the plague Into San
Francisco than he is of any of the steer
age passengers who may come here on
the vessels. In consequence, a vigilant
search for rats goes on aboard the quar
antined craft all the time they are under
surveillance.
The British ship Montgomeryshire will
leave port to-day for England flying two
handsome flags that Captain Edwards
had presented him in Yokohama for the
very smart trip be made from Antwerp
to Japan, via Australia. On that occasion
the good ship made the record run of 126
days. On his arrival Captain Edwards
was given a magnificent silk flag by the
agents of the vessel. It Is the Japanese
national flag and has over the top and
bottom of the sunburst the words "Ant
werp-Yokohama." Worked around the
edges of the sunburst are the wordd
"Montgomeryshire - Captain Edwards,"
while in the center of the sunburst are
the letters and figures "R. 126 D." A sim
ilar flag was presented Captain Edwards
by his brother Masons In Yokohama and
to-day he will fly both of them at the
foremast head as the ship is towed to sea.
The courts will have a nice little case to
settle in a few days. The question is:
"Does the fact that a person is under age
debar him from getting a mate's ceitl
flcate of an ocean-going vessel?" There
is no law to that effect, but Secretary
Sherman ruled in IS7B that a minor could
not go as mate of an American vessel and
no one has questioned that decision since.
Now Edward T. Huffman, second mate of
the Fort George, is going to bring the
matter up.
Huffman is 19 years old and has been
second mate of the ship for a year. He
is prepared to get a mate's papers and
went before the Inspectors of hulls and
boilers to be examined. Messrs. Bolles
and Bulger refused to test his capabilities
on the ground that he was a minor and
Ineligible under Secretary Sherman's rul
ing. Huffman is not satisfied with this
state of affairs and is going to apply to
the courts to compel the inspectors to ex
amine him and grant him the desired cer
tificate. Huffman's contention will be
that there Is no law governing the case
and that in the English mercantile marine
a minor can hold a mate's license.
The following graduates of McXevin
Brothers' Navigation School have received
licenses from the United States inspectors
of hulls and boilers: Masters— P. C. Rass
mussen, sail over 700 tons, also master
steam; William R. R. Burmeister. sail
over 700 tons, also master steam; E. J.
Spicer, master of sail over 700 tons and
unlimited chief mate steam; C. Schmalye,
master sailing vessels over 700 tons, also
steam; J. W. Aspe. master sailing ships
over 700 tons, also steam; Alfred V. Mens,
master sail over 700 tons, also unlimited
second mate steam; O. Llndholm, master
sail over 700 tons, also master steam;
Charles Nelson, master any ocean steam
er; E. Tunge, master of sailing vessels
oVer 700 tons; C. N. Krog, master sailing
vessels under 700 tons, also master steam;
Gustaf H. Wilson, master sailing vessels
under 700 tons; C. O. Brandemann, master
sail under 700 tons; F. W. Kranzs, master
sailing vessels under 700 tons.
Second mates of steam vessels — G. M.
Goodrich, unlimited second mate; William
C. Rodgers, unlimited second mate;
Augustus D. Higgins, unlimited second
mate; John McClements, unlimited second
mate; Alfred V. Mens, unlimited second
mate, and E. J. Splcer, unlimited chief
mate any ocean steamers.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, . JANUARY 4, 1900.
STORM-TOSSED TRADERS AND
MERCHANTMEN REACH PORT
5YUKON MAP COPYRIGHT.
A. L. McDonald has filed a suit in the
United States Circuit Court on behalf o?
the United States as well as himself to
recover $112,000 from M. H. de Young for
having published in 112.000 copies of the
Chronicle of December 30, 1897. a map of
the Yukon Gold Belt, which McDonald
alleges was an infringement of his copy
righted map of the same district. Tn*
complaint asks that $5G,000 of the damagec
be paid to the United States and $sG,*>oo
to himself.
Under the- Revised Statutes one-half of
the penalty in such cases- goes to the
United States, and the damages may be
assessed at one dolar per copy of the pub
lication of the alleged infringement. The
fact that the Chronicle published 112.000
copies of the map is ascertained from the
statement published in the Chronicle to
that effect.
AMUSEMENTS
•' ; ' Orpb^om— Vaudeville.
Columbia— •"Th« Chrijt".an.~
•' • "California— "With Flyiac Colour».'\
" ' TivoU— **XJttla 80-Perp."
. Grand Oj«?ra-hruse — "Slnbad."
¦ Alnambra — •Ttr.nlfan's Ball."
Alcarar— ••Chlminle Fadden."
Orates. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
events*.
Olyrapla. ccrfter M -.---. and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Panorama. IJattle ct Maslla Cay. Market street, rear
'S^ichth.
Wfiern Turf Association racp« to-day.
'TIS THE SAME GREAT FLAME.
—New York World
PHILIPPINE PLOTS.
*~T~"ITUS OATES was not the first man nor the last
to understand the value of a well discovered
plot in diverting men's reason from an offen-
The usefulness of plots is not exhausted now, and
ue may expect that the political Hawkshaws will do
a good business in discovering them among the peo
ple in our new islands for a long time to come.
It may be true, too, that such plots as that gladly
disclosed by the censor at Manila will be found to
exist. We have often said that the Philippine conquest
will make heavy and permanent garrisons necessary,
and that whenever costly military vigilance is relaxed
there will be violent outbreaks against all unguarded
Americans. The reported plot for an uprising in Ma
nila while the military force was occupied with thi
Lswton obsequies is precisely in line with this expec
tation. In the account as sent appears the fact that
the native population of Manila, of all classes, is su'
ler.ly inimical to the Americans. Meditating revenge
for what they have determined to be unjust treatment.
they arc reported to have prepared to inflict it, and a
tragedy was averted by timely discovery. Accepting
the whole report as true, it proves a condition that
fihouid open the eyes of everybody in this country.
Manila has been in oijr hands more than a year. Such
government as it has had has originated with Ameri
can authority. The Peace Commission and others
have given much pleasant information about the hap
piness and contentment and loyalty of the natives un
der the sample of government which we have fur
nished to them. The improved sanitation, the pater
rai prevention of cocktighting and gambling and the
other elements in our civil policy brought to their
notice have been represented as such an improvement
opon Spanish methods that the natives were enam
ored of thcin.
It need not be repeated that those who are ac
quainted with the Asiatic, and especially with the
Malay, character have not been deceived by these re
port *. Ncr have those at home been deceived who
know how little the rosy reflection represents the true
situation. To our military forces in the islands the
ratives are "niggers," and even our colored troop
have treated them as inferiors and laid upon them
burden? that will some day be told and will smite the
conscience of this country. We do not pretend to
s:y that the be«t and mo«t upright government im
f,o«ed coon them by force would be met by their un
flinching !c}-alty.. .We do not believe that it would.
any more than we believe that more than half a cen
tury of British rule forced upon the Cape Colony
Dutch has made 'them loyal subjects of Great Brit
ain, or that seven centuries of the same rule in Ire
land has m.ide its yoke lighter or its burden less.
History is scarce of instances in which the rule of any
conqueror, good or bad. has placated the conquered.
The sorroivful crux of the whole situation is that,
having taken territory which carries a hostile and in
d:gnant people, having violated the safe rule for na
tions and the canon of republicanism laid down l>y
Mr. Blame. w.e may as well lay aside all talk about
benevolence, education, sanitation, economic better
trcnt and religious enlightenment, and understand
that' we are like other conquerors, and those we
trample on are iike other conquered people. A sense
of injustice has pjanted in them a hereditary venom
that, time will not extirpate. We implore our mem
bers of Congress who should deal with this subject
<o; remember these absolutely fundamental and ttn
.chargeable con«idcratiors.
' Even John Barrett, who is imperialist authority of
the highest rank. ha« repeatedly expressed exactly
this, estimate of the Malay character and has declared
that "w hen those people convince themselves that they
iaye been v.-ronged nothing ever changes them. They
zrizy subreit for a time. They may accept benefits.
T-hcy may show zeai for the interests of those who
have roused their sense of injustice, but they are only
tiding their time, and when it comes they strike with
'at hatred the more envenomed because of its lone con
ieralment. We believe that Mr. Barrett's estimate is
"correct. It :s the fame as was reached by Warren
Hastings and Robert Lord Give as to the more
truculent tribes of the Hindostan peninsula, and the
Scyoy rebellion proved them to be correct
With a Russian doctor trying to devise a rheans of
perpetuating life, and a French one working at ex
periments in reviving the dead,, it looks as if the
Franco-Russian alliance might mean big things for
the twentieth century after all.
THURSDAY .. JANUARY 4. ig»
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
ri'IIMCATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main ISGS.
llinoniVl, nOO>U 21T to 2SI Sterenson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered »r Carrier*. 13 Ontu Per Week.
Blnicle Copien. S Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Inelndinjr roatnvet
DULY C*LL. anelndlnjr Snnday). one renr..*a.OO
IIAILY CALL <lnclndln* Sunday). « month*.. -1.00
DAILY CAM* Uncladlne Snnd«r>. 3 months. . l.r»!»
DAILY CALL— Or Slnjcle Month «•»«•
BIXDAY CALL One Venr *••>"
U'CCKLY CALL One Year *-°°
All postniaater* are authorised to receive
• uhoerlptlonn.
Sample cople* will he forwarded when reoneitefl
OAKLAND OFFICE OPS Broadway
C. CEORGG KROCXESS. I
Htmcfr Forelßm Advertising. Marquette Bnlld-
Injr. Chi on co.
JTEW YOniC COnRESPOXDEJfTI
C. C. CAttLTOS nerald Square
KEW YORK nEPHESEXTATIVEI
I'CnnY Ll'liK->S JR 2t> Tribune Batldlns:
CHICAGO SEWJ STAXDSi
Sfceraan Bonifi P. O. sew» Co.t Great JTortfc
rrn Hotels Fremont Houses Auditorium Hotel.
KEW YORK SEWS STAXDSi
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, 31 Union
Sauares Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON fD. C> OFFICE. .WeUlnrt on Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
HIlAVfn OFFICES— JJ2T Montgomery street, cor
ner Clay, open until Hi.m o'clock. 300 Haye*
¦trrrt. open until !*:.:<> o'clock. «t:tl> McAllister
ittrri. open until O:3O o'clock. OIS Larkln
• trrrt. open until O:3O o'clock. 1941 Ml««lon
afreet, open until 1O o'clock. ZSGI Market
ttrrrt. corner M&teenth. open until O o'clock.
J«iyti Valencia street, open until »• o'clock.
lOC eleventh street, open until 9 o'clock.
S\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
street*, open until O o'clock.
Provided for Unfortunates.
At the recent onnual meeting of the San
Francisco Lying-in Hospital and Found
ling Asylum the medical staff reported
that, on December 1 there- were fifteen
S With iVSouthpiece {
S XO cents for 3.0 5
2 Monopol Tobacco Works 9
TO OPEN A NEW AVENUE.
Sunset Property Owners Preparing
to Cross Trocadero Gulch to
Mission Street.
It Is the intention of the Sunset Valley
property-owners to add one more drive
way from the Golden Gate Park to Mis
sion street, through the sand hills on the
south side of the park, by opening Nine
teenth avenue, i The undertaking has so
far met, not only with the Indorsement of
the residents of the valley, but the Super
visors have consented to. assist In the
work. The board has appropriated $10,000
for the Trocadero Gulch, which must be
filled in and bridged over before the ave
nue can be continued .. from O street,
whither it is now graded, macadamised
and curbed. The entire cost of the boule
vard will be $50,000, notwithstanding that
over one mile, from H to O streets, has
already been completed. Yet the distance
to Ingleslde. to which point the avenue
will ultimately extend, Is a long stretch of
territory. ; . "
One of the great obstacles of running
the avenue through has been overcome by
a concession from the Spring Valley Wa
ter Company for a right of way through
its land.
It Is intended • that Nineteenth avenue
shall be a part of the city boulevard sys
tem, especially as the United States Gov
ernment's new reservation for fortifica
tion purposes I 3 situated on Ocecn road
and the Pacific. Ocean, and is most easily
reached by this driveway. The boulevard
will have additional charm, as it passes
for half a mile through thick woods, and
will be unique in this respect. It will
open up the district south of the park and
is virtually the only street on which of
ficial grades are established as far south
as Ocean road. It is destined to become
the principal avenue and driveway in the
thriving Sunset. District, south of Golden
Gate Park.
NICARAGUA OR PANAMA.
A COMPANY has just been incorporated in New
Jersey under the title of "The Panama Canal
Company of America." It has a capital stock
of $30,000,000, which may be increased at any time,
and the articles of incorporation set forth that the
company is organized for the purpose of acquiring
the property and rights of the Compagnie Nouvelle
dv Canal dc Panama, the French corporation which
now owns all the privileges and properties of the
great enterprise undertaken to construct a waterway
across the isthmus.
It can hardly be doubted that the incorporation of
the New Jersey company is another step toward un
loading upon the American Government the Panama
scheme. The project has long been under considera
tion and has found powerful support in this country.
Some of the most influential papers in the East have
given if not an open adherence to the Panama com
pany at least an active support -in opposing the con
struction of the canal across Nicaragua. The fight
of the Panama men just now is for delay, and it looks
as if they have the expectation of getting from the
new commission a report in their favor.
Morgan of Alabama in the Senate and Hepburn of
lowa in the House have announced an intention to
bring forward a Nicaragua canal bill and of urging ac
tion upon it at this session without waiting for the
new commission to report. A bill thus advocated
would be of course a non-partisan measure, and as
both Morgan and Hepburn are strong and expe
rienced parliamentary leaders their chances of forcing
a hearing on the i?sue are good. Naturally the
Panama promoters are averse to even so much as a
debate at this session, and consequently there prom
ises to be a vigorous fight in the committee-rooms as
soon as Congress gets back to work.
In the meantime the press, so far as it is controlled
or influenced by the advocates of the Panama scheme,
his been set to work on a campaign of education.
The cry is one of strenuous objection to any action at
this session. Some of the arguments are utterly un
fair. For example, no less a paper than the Boston
Herald in commenting upon the determination of the
two leaders to br.'ng up the question at once says:
"We have no wish to accuse Messrs. Morgan and
Hepburn of interested motives, but it must be evi
dent to any one that if they were financially concerned
in the purchase by the United States Government of
such alleged rights and equities as the Nicaragua
Canal Company possessed this would be precisely the
way in which they would be likely to act."
The unfairness of that insinuation against Morgan
From the ease with which the Boers will be able to
get supplies by way of Delagoa Bay, provided the
British blockade there be decided to be a violation of
the law of nations, it would appear that a small na
tionjn time of war is better off without seaports than
if it'had them. If Delagoa belonged to the Boers it
would be of no use to them, but so long as it is in the
hands of neutrals they can use it for all it is worth.
The number of immigrants who entered New York
during the last three months was so large that it is
expected this year will bring a veritable army of im
migrants to our shores to share in our prosperity,
and if we are to have an adequate restriction law on
the subject it is about time for Congress to get at it.
The railway magnates of the country are complain
ing that they lack cars to handle the freight that is
offered them; but at the same time they are fighting
with one another to see which shall get the lion' 3
share — or rather the hog's share, for when the lion has
all he can manage he knows he has enough.
The British appear at last to have learned some
thing from the Boers and are not making any more
blind rushes at the enemy before seeing him. It is
even probable that by the time Roberts arrives on
the scene Buller will have learned enough to get along
without him.
The announcement of the appearance of the bu
bonic plague in Manila is another warning of the
dangers that lie in wait for our soldiers in those
Asiatic islands. Imperialism may be a very fine thing,
but it costs more than it is 'ever likely to be worth to
this country.
From the frequency with which the Boers fire
plum puddings into the British lines at Ladysmith, or
send merry heliograph messages to their armies, it
would seem they look upon the war as a good joke
on John Bull and are enjoying it.
When the work of municipal improvement gets
fairly started it will be impossible to find a citizen
who will admit that he voted against the bond issues.
The fact that the Lawton fund already exceeds
$50,000 is a proof that the citizens of this republic are
not ungrateful even if those of others be so.
Now that the people have fully grasped the beauti
ful rose of promise contained in the new charter they
are beginning to feel where the thorns are.
We shall be pleased to see Oakland follow the exam
ple of San Francisco and give bonds for municipal
improvements. ?.;¦¦>
The Senate opened all right on Wednesday, but as
soon as an effort was made to obtain information con
cerning what Senator Hoar called "the deplorable
conditions in the Philippines" the jingo Senators got
in and shut up shop with a bang.
AUCTION SALES.
Br Ea«ton, ITjlridte & Co.— Tuesday. January 9. at 12
o'clock, Kf>r.l Kf-tat*-. at ESS Markrt »;rret.
PUBLIC SCHOOL QUESTION
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
th» opinions published in this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of ireneral Interest.
Editor The Call— Your editorial "The
State and Schools," which appeared In
the daily issue on Saturday, was timely
and in my opinion correct.
A very able paper was read before the
State Teachers' Association in Sacra
mento some ten years ago by J. L. Wilson,
then Superintendent of Schools of Colu*a
County. In this paper he deplored the
fact that there was a tendency toward
taking the control of the schools from the
people. His concluding words were to the
effect that he strongly favored. the demo
cratic principle of allowing each' district
to' control its own affairs. As wellmlijht
the State/attempt to take. control of all
other local affairs of a public nature.
The schools are in politics.
It Is the teachers 1 fault if they are. And
where would they be if authority of con
trol be transferred, pray? Would they
not still be in politics? Yes, and in my
Judgment in a worse condition than at
present. The State already has control of
the schools in the way in which it should.
Take away the people, and where is the
State? Take away the right of local self
government, and what have you done?
You have not only taken away all thc;r
Interest in educational work, but you have
struck a death blow at the fundamental
principles of our form of government. tJJ
The trouble lies right here. The univer
sities and State Normal Schools are turn*
ing out more teachers each year than
there is a demand for, and these institu
tions desire, through the State, to get con
trol of the public school system to further
their own ends— to form a sort of public
school trust, as it were. Very truly yours,
C. J. LATHROP.
Principal Germantown, Cal.
• • •
Editor The Call: Your editorials on the
school question both Saturday and Sun
day were excellent. The thousands of
teachers In this State will be grateful, I
am sure. Cordially,
F. D. BOVARD.
Corresponding Secretary California Con
ference.
College Park, January 1, IDOO.
NEVER WROTE A WORD OF IT.
Editor The Call— My Dear Sir: My at
tention has just been called to the fact
that a publication called "The Library of
Universal History" is being sold in this
neighborhood and that my name is men
tioned, in the circular announcing the
work, as one of the two associate editors.
I have never written a word for this bo.ik
and never heard of it before. Will you
kindly aid me in protecting the public, as
well as -myself, by letting this fact be
known. Very sincerely yours,
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER,
President of the University.
Berkeley. Jan. 2. 1900.
children and that eighty-six others had
been received, making a total of 101. The
election of officers for the ensuing year
resulted as follows:
Charles L. Patton, president: J. W. Ei"is
worth. secretary and superintendent; Lcn
don, Paris and American Bank, treasurer,
and Rev. Horatio Stebbins. D. D.. L. H.
Bonestell, John Perry Jr.. L. S. Sherman,
George T. Hawley. George S. Montgom
ery, F. F. Bostwick, William E. Lutz and
George Leonard, directors; Dr. L. M.
Lane and V. \V. Smiley, attending ohy*i
cians; Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr.. Dr. C. Yon
Hoffman. Dr. William "Watt Kerr. Dr. D.
W. Montgomery, consultants; Miss Car
ter, director of nurses.
» ? »
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
S. N. Griffith, an attorney of Fresno, la
a guest at the Grand.
J. A. Brent, a wealthy mining man of
Butte. Mont., is at the Grand.
Dr. A. M. Gardner has come down from
Napa and is staying at the Lick.
Judge E. Smith of Stockton is one of
yesterday's arrivals at the Grand.
B. F. Durphy, a capitalist of Eureka. Is
among the recent arrivals at the Grand.
H. Scott, a leader In the mercantile
circles of Sydney, N. S. W., Is a guest at
the Occidental.
Dr. W. F. JlcAllester, one of the best
known medical men of Yountvllle, is a
guest at the Grand.
George F. Ellis, a well known mine
owner of Santa Barbara, Is registered for
a few days at the Lick.
C. A. Storke. Mayor of Santa Barbara, is
registered at the Grand while on a short
business trip to thi3 city.
J. Marion Brooks, the Los Angeles at
torney and politician, is registered for a
short stay at the Griftd.
P. S. Winsinger. the millionaire fruit
and dairy man of Freestone, Is at the Oc
cidental, accompanied by his wife.
E. W. Runyon, the Paris Commissioner.
came down from his home in Red Bluff
last evening and registered at the Palace.
C. S. Carson, a wealthy merchant- of
Eureka, Is at the Occidental, accompanied
by his wife. They are on their honeymoon.
Brother Hosea of the Christian Broth
ers wilr leave for Montreal in a few days
to be present at the golden jubilee of
Brother Jerome of that city. £
Mr. and Mrs. B. W. Rlpley and Mr. and
Mrs. C. K. G. Billings are registered at
the Palace from Chicago. They' are on
the coast for pleasure and rest., j
Having completed the work- allotted to
it at this end of the line, the Paris Com
mission will close its offices at the Occi
dental next week and continue its duties
from its Parisian headquarters. Secre
tary Varney Gaskill and his assistant, Mr.
Dargle. leave New York to-day on the
Wilhelni der Grosse for France.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3.— Arthur L. Whit
ney and wife of San Francisco are at the
Holland; George A. Knight of San Fran
cisco is at the Imperial; M. B. Andersor
of Menlo'Park is at the Vendome.
answer given a few days since in regrard
to the life of a promissory note was con
fusing. The life of a note in California,
if executed in the State, is four years; If
executed out of the State, two years'. .
a
A MARRIAGE— Arpdoca. City. If a
man marries outside of the State of Cali
fornia within a year after he has been
divorced in California that marriage is
legal in California, for the law of this
State says that a marriage that is valid
in another State shall be valid in this
State. .__
CHESTNUT— J. C. Napa. Cat Payn'a
table of the percentages of food says that
the chestnut contains 0.5 azote, a name
formerly given to nitrogen because unfit
for respiration: 35 of carbon. 4.1 of fat and
26 of water. Th*» dry chestnut contains 1
azote. 4S*carbon. 6 fat and 10 water. That
which comes nearest to the chestnut 13
the bean— 3.^ azote. 43 carbon, 2.S fat and
10 water.
THE SIMPLEST SOLUTION— J. T..
Auburn, Placer County, and a number of
correspondents. A friend of this de
partment sends the following as "the
simplest solution of the century contro
versy":
"It is admitted on all sides that the
year 1>39 waa in the nineteenth century
and that it takes a full one hundred years
to make a centurj-. It is also admitted
that it took lsot> to complete eighteen cen-
I turies: that being so. the eighteenth
century did not Close until the last day of
the year I*oo and the nineteenth century
commenced with the first day of ISOI.
Now as it will take one hundred years to
complete the nineteenth century, or say
3?5 days a year (not counting the leap
year days for the sake of simplicity) for
ont hundred years, you will have 26.500
days. Count backward from December
21. IS9D. and by the time you have reached
January 1. 1301; you will find that you
have had but 36, 135 days, so you will hava
to have Z65 days more to move in before
closing the nineteenth century, and the
twentieth will commence January 1, 1901."
—•—
Townser.d's moved to 735 Market street.
Will remove Feb. 1 back to Palace Hotel.*
—¦ ? •
Gulllet's Ice Cream ana Cakes. *C 5 U.-k.i
St.; tel. East 198. •
¦ * •
Note SI Fourth street. 5c barber, grocer;
best eyeglasses, spoe*. 10c to 40c •
;; — — —•— «
Special Information supplied flatly •>
business fccuses and public men by tSa
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Men:-
gomery street. Telephone Main IMX •
¦ * »
Greensburg Murderer Arraigned. ?.
H. J. Ilanr.an. wanted for murder »it
Greensburg, Pa., appeared In Jud^e Mo-
gan's court yestrrday on the charge
being a fugitive from justice. He waa in-
structed and arraigned and asked for" n
continuance till Friday, which ras
granted. The papers for his extradition
are expected to arrive by that time.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In improved w!<Je-vestibu!?d Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe rtoute. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chlcato and Kansas City every Sunday.
\\Xlnesday and 'Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday ar.d
Friday. Ticket office, «2S Market street.
If you suffer from looseness of the bcw«l:% Dr.
Plegerfs Angostura Uitters will surely cure you!
The Fastest TTain Across the Conti-
nent.
The California Limited. Santa Fe Rout*. Con-
necting train leaves 5 p. m.. Monday. Wednes-
day. Friday and Saturday. Finest equlppo.l
train and best track of any line to the, East
Ticket office. Or Market street.
New City Hall Roof Leaks.
The roof of the new City Hajl. wn!ch
cost $200,000. was unequal to the task of
keeping out the rains which fell so co-
piously for two days past. Water In larea
quantities came through to the corrMors
f>nd floors of the various offices on the
third Koor of the building, but no s»riou»
damage result jd. ......
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3— J. C. Chase of
Los Angples is at the St. James; Miss
Ethel Dean and Miss Lucle King of San
Francisco are at the Shoreham.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SEVv'ARDS VISIT-A. L. TV.. Suisun
William H. Seward visited San Francisco
in July, 18©, arriving on the M of that
month. I- rank McCoppin was Mayor of 1
San Prancisco at that time.
LIFE OF A NOTE^Constant Reader
City. By a transposition of numbers the
THE COMING LUMBER PROBLEM.
OUR esteemed contemporary, the New York
Sun, is one of those cheerful optimists who
#? hold an unshaken faith in the old belief that
our forests afford a practically inexhaustible supply
of lumber, and that notwithstanding the sweeping
away of the woods of the East there is still plenty left
in the West. In a recent article, commenting upon
the scarcity of pine in/Maine and the Lake States, it
says:
"Thus far it has not paid Pacific Coast lumbermen
to send much of their product East, so their surplus
has been sent to foreign markets. But when we begin
to draw more largely upon the Southern pines and
Northern spruce and hemlock it will certainly be pro
fitable to send Pacific lumber to the Eastern markets.
There is for us no serious prospect of a lumber fam
ine. The United States will continue to beat the world
in the variety, excellence and abundance of its timber
available for sawing. But we shall use a good deal
of soft lumber not so desirable as white pine."
Whether there be a serious prospect of a lumber
famine in this country depends upon how fat: into the
future the view is extended. There is certainly no
prospect of a famine this year or next, but within the
lifetime of a single generation the vast pine forests
of Michigan and Wisconsin have been cleared away
and those of Minnesota are rapidly vanishing. It was
once thought those forests were exhaustless, and the
man who talked of a serious prospect of a lumber
famine there would have been laughed at. We see,
however, what American energy and waste have done
in those States, and with that sight before us it re
quires no gift of prophecy to foresee what they will do
on the Pacific Coast if they are permitted to go on
unchecked.
Some of the facts set forth by the Sun itself are
sufficient to show the danger that is ahead. It says:
"Only a few years ago there were eighty large saw
mills in Fond dv Lac, Eau Claire and Marathon, Wis
consin towns; but now all have disappeared, and the
men who worked in connection with them have had
to change their business or seek employment in other
lumbering regions. More than 15,000 men are cut
ting white pine in Minnesota this winter, and their
wages amount to more than $450,000 a month. About
20,000 men are employed in the sawmills of Minne
apolis, and over 40,000 men in the State make their
living out of the lumber industry. They know that in
a few years more they must find other work, and many
talk already of following their present employers to
the Pacific Coast, where some of them are acquiring
large interests in the timber lands of Washington,
Oregon and California. Thus an army of axmen
will have crossed the continent, laying low the greatest
pineries of the country."
The destruction of Pacific Coast forests has gone
rapidly forward as it is. If to the present destructive
forces there be added this further army of 40,000 lum
bermen from the Eastern pineries cutting and saw
ing to supply not only our local demand but that of
the East as well, it will not be long before the pros
pect of a lumber famine will be serious indeed. If
we are to provide an escape from that impending
famine we must begin at once to preserve and to re
plant the forests as rapidly as we destroy them.
SHEARMAN ON THE BOERS.
\A R. THOMAS G. SHEARMAN of Brooklyn
/ \ is in the stock company of New York Tribune
writers who sustain the contention of that
paper for Great Britain and against, the Boers.
Mr. Shearman in a recent article begins his state
ment with a gentle reference to all who differ from
him "as Molly Maguircs," referring to a murderous
organization which once committed excesses in the
mining regions of Pennsylvania. With this index to
Mr. Shearman's frame of mind we may consider his
argument. He says: "If there is any business man
who has not had sense enough to see that British
defeat in South Africa would be a disaster to the
United States his eyes ought surely to be opened by
the events of the last few days. The three British de
feats in South Africa have already cost the United
States at least $100,000,000 in the tremendous down
fall of prices, the breaking up of confidence and the
certainty that but for extraordinary efforts on the pan
of bankers our country would have been involved in
a ruin as great as that of 1593. It is most astonishing
that intelligent business men who know anything of
the history of our country should ignore the inex
tricable involvement of ail our financial affairs with
those of Great Britain and forget the lessons of our
history, which show that whenever Great Britain has
been involved in a serious war, as in 1854 and 1857,
panic and disaster have occurred in the United
States."
Therefore the conclusion is inevitable when Eng
land chooses to go freebooting and to ride with a
hard hoof over a weak people in any part of the world
we must support her lest stocks decline!
Xo one denies the financial and commercial interde
pendence of nations, but to use it as an argument for
supporting criminal aggression upon an unoffending
people, lest the defeat of the oppressor work harm to
others not parties to the conflict, is to end all hope
of freedom in the world. Mr. Shearman is suffering
from a strange moral inversion. He puts England in
the position of influencing the world's prosperity to
such an extent that defeat in her schemes of conquest
and the overthrow of her armies spreads wide finan
cial ruin through the world. Why not combine, then,
and say to her that she is the trustee of the world's
fortunes and must behave as other trustees are by law
compelled to behave in fidelity to their trusts and in
loyalty to the trustors?
She entered the Crimean war, which was a quarrel
that began over the custody of the Holy Sepulcher
in Jerusalem — not that she cared a bean who po
liced the sacred edifice, but because it gave her a
chance to cripple Russia, her prospective rival in the
East. The Sepoy rebellion was the outgrowth of mis
government of her Indian empire. The case put by
Mr. Shearman is as if the trustee of many estates
should embark in unlawful enterprises and when chid
den by his trustors should answer that no matter how
criminal his actions he must be let alone, for if he fail
to win in his lawless ventures his trustors will be
ruined. Mr. Shearman is a lawyer and he knows that
such a trustee, instead of being permitted to make his
trustors particeps criminis, would be jolted off his
po c ition by the courts.
In addition to this reason for uttering a rather fine
article of Toryism Mr. Shearman is of opinion that
President Kruger is an uninteresting' old person, of
dirty habits, while admitting that he is pious. There
is no doubt that Mr. Kruger would fail to sustain
himself in a Brooklyn conversazione, and he may be
an unscrupulous economist of soap, but grave issues
of right and wrong are never settled by details of un
?prightliness or facts as to personal habits. Mr.
Shearmnn will see that one half of his objection to
Oom Paul would disappear in a bathtub, "and the
other half would probably yield to a few months'
training in chit-chat. But the principle of self
government in the South African republics is a per
manent principle, as precious there as in the United
States, or France, or Switzerland. Soap and water
and social graces cannot change it.
We are of opinion that American sentiment will
not come around to Mr. Shearman's view, and that
our people will still sympathize with republican self
government, though we may pell less pork and pow
der and the British trustee of our profits and for
tunes may fail to win in every hold-up.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1900.
- _ .
and Hepburn is not redeemed by the ease with which
it can be reversed and applied to the Herald, for if
that paper were financially interested in the scheme to
sell the Panama property to the United States it
would act precisely as it is acting now. The plea for
delay, in order to make further investigations is at
tractive and appears~reasonable, but it must be re
membered that the routes have been under considera
tion for many years; they have been examined again
and again by commission after commission, and there
is no. reason for deeming the present commission any
wiser than some of its predecessors.
At some point in the history of every enterprise the
discussion must end and action begin, otherwise it
never will be an enterprise. The majority of the peo
ple of the United States are not partisans of cither
route, but they are desirous of ending the talk and
beginning the work and will support Morgan and
Hepburn in their efforts to have a decision made this
6
'Mormonisrn.
Tbil Is a question that should Interest every
one. It Is a blot upon our fair land— a symp-
tom of governmental 111-health. -The rlßht
lawn would act a« speedily upon It as Hostet-
ter's Stomach Bitters dnes upon constipation,
or dyspepsia- They would quickly clear It out
and restore healthy purity ; and this Is just
what the Bitters does for the human constitu-
tion. . It makes the stomach strong by curing
indigestion, biliousness and liver trouble.
CONTRACTORS FINED.
Campbell & Pettus Showed That
They Had Paid for Overtime
Worked by Their Men.
James Campbell and Thomas A. Pettus,
contractors for the construction of the
Naval Training station at Goat Island,
were fined $25 each yesterday by United
States District Judge de Haven for vio
lating the Federal statute prohibiting the
employment of workmen on Government
works for more than eight hours per day.
The contractors showed to the court that
they had worked their men overtime at
the men's own request and with their
consent and that they paid the men a
day and a quarter's wages for each day
so employed. Hence only a nominal line
was imposed.
The complaint was made by Harry M
Saunders, walking delegate for the Buildl
fng Trades Council.
BATE WAR AVERTED.
Western Boads and Trunk Lines In
sist on Their Standard Pro
portions.
The threatened transcontinental rate
war to follow the squabble of the New
England lines over the matter of differ
entials has been averted by the firm stand
taken by the Western Passenger Associa
tion at its recent meeting at Chicago and
by the like action taken by the trunk
lines at their meeting held recently at
New York. They have all agreed that. If
the Boston and Maine, Boston and Albany
and Fitchburs: lines ¦wish to do any cut
ting, they will have to stand the expense
of the fun themselves.
The Trunk Association and the West
ern Passenger Association have reached
an understanding by which they will in
sist on receiving the full standard rate
proportion on all tickets sold over their
lines. This reduces the margin on which
the quarrelsome ones have to war to such
a small figure that they cannot afford to
go on with the tight without damaging
themselves more than they can possibly
hurt any one else. The best reduction they
can mane and still pay the rate propor
tion over to their connecting lines is so
small as to cut practically no figure what
ever in transcontinental traffic.
Circulars were received yesterday from
all the principal trunk and western lines
notifying thos-j interested In the matter
of the btand taken in the controversy.
AMUSEMENT S.
CALIFORNIA THEATER Ib;r
ARE YOU FORGETTING?
That our very gr«>at production w jn run only
this w^k. but It is to Include Sunday
nigi-.t a« welL
THE FRAVVLtY COMPANY.
"WITH FLYING COLORS."
T*» Gr*ate«t Production Ever Mad« Here.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY
Boats '3 sa'.e , TO-liAY for "The Princess
ar-: th<- Butterfly." which commences on Tu«>s-
¦d»T p^e^.i^.g n«t; d*-but cf MISS MARY
SCOTT. In preparation. "The Heart cf ilary-
land."
CALIFORNIA THE ATER- "12?"
SPECIAL!
Th» l!c« Brit: ant Event of the Season.
MONDAY I XT^A TT n XT K edne fo a>
Evening. NOW ON £¦«•' <>•
dan. 8 o * T T? Matinee.
_ __ SALE ¦ ¦
THE WORLD'S GREATEST ARTIST.
EMMA NEVADA
ÜB. SELDEN PRATT. Pianist, and
LOL'IS BI.UMEVBERG. CelllEt.
PRICKS— S3. K. H.
A KEW TEAR'S VAUDEVILLE FEAST.
EVERY ACT A HIT.
BILLT P.ICE ar.-i H. W. FRILLMAN: THE
BOSPCOS: DOROTHY DREW; DOUGLAS
AND FORD;
FOUGERE
P.«.erv^^ f>»t«. =*•- M n '"¦ Balcony. 16c.
Opera Chairs and Box Scats, ,oc.
Ma.tir.ces Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THE DEMAND AS BIG AS EVER
Tat the Holiday Extravaganza.
LITTLE 80-PEEP
Evry BvaOsx anJ Eaturday Matinee.
THE GREATEST SHOW IN 'FRISCO.!
Just the Play for the Children.
— KEAT6 FELLING ONE WEEK AHEAD —
POPULAR PRICES—^ and Me
T«lex>bone Bush ».
N>« Production— 'THE IDOL'S ETE."
THE i'EOPLE-6 POPULAR PLAYHOUSE.
tiir *»* Jca« SU. P£o:«tf 600rH770.
A VERT JOTOUS EVENT.
TONICHT !
PROFFSf ION»L >.Alirv~h TO-'UY.
MATINEE SATURDAY. LAST TIME HAT-
; MURRAY XNI^'iVIACK,
In Th«r Hilarious farce.
FINNIGAN'S BALL!
POPULAR TRICES.
¦ ' Even'.r.j: — IJ<*. 2^c, ZZc. 00c and 73c.
Matinee— lie. Kr. ZZ<* anj 50c.
»:EXT KCHDAT AFTrKtOOX-THE RENTZ-
SANTLEV NOVELTY COMPANY.
'ft I f"P nnif I I Cor2 «' Fourth and
I"R I r UMVAI *•'*«. S. F. Try
Lin I L u1 HL k " ibi " n<l ****««•.
W 1 t £ L. llWlllU; r Overcoat* and
Val!t*s cb*<Jcc4 :r««.
WeeHy Gall, $1.00 DBrYear
TOMMASO SALViNI AS OTHELLO.
with like methods and results, and Wen
dell Phillips did not much bettter in his
oration on "Toussair.t l'Ouverture." There
is a race prejudice in such cases that no
author may ignore. Shakespeare by his
tact foresaw Just how his audience or
reader would naturally regard Othello,
and found a way to present the char
acter so as to teem really fascinating.
There are but two steps in the process:
First, mislead imagination, then dis
abuse it; degrade the given personality,
then correct it by revealing its worth and
nobleness. So here Shakespeare, before
h«» lets us see his hero, makes lago and
Roderigo belie him viciously. When we
discover at the opening of scer.e 2 the in
justice of their enmity, we nnd aroused
in us the partiality for Othello that the
piece requires. If you wi3h to engender
sympathy for a man in your community
who perhaps is not much thought of, get
somebody to traduce him publicly. To
launch his chief character Shakespeare
uses thus an evident principle of human
nature constantly Illustrated in outside
life
The next important problem taxed the
author's art more seriously. In an elope
ment such as here our sympathies o#
course are with the parent as against the
daughter. Shakespeare must make us un
equivocally decide against the father, and
in the face of the traditions and conven
tions of good order and good society. We
at the first assume, so far as we are
conscious of prepossessions at all. that
Desdemona is no wiser or better than she
should be to leave a patrican home like
hers and run off with a blackamoor. She
ought to have realized her privileges and
kept the respect of her friends. But the
moment that we have seen Othello and
caught the significance of his noble and
fearless bearing we unconsciously indorse
Desdemona'a choice. And when presently
her father is made known to us in his
grand faith In his daughter's integrity and
devotion, we do not feel the least interest
in him, but on the contrary think him
rightly served. If we lived in the same
street or city with him we should feel
quite differently. Perhaps not one in a
thousand among the readers of this p!ay
even stons to realize the plight of Bra
bantlo, as he goes back to his empty pal
ace to die of a broken heart, with no whit
of sympathy from his brother Senators or
from us. He Is a good man— perhaps the
worthiest male personage In the play
but Shakespeare has made us ignore that.
He is high bred and of the sel^ctest cul
ture, but we do not care. lie is doubtless
a collector of Greek manuscripts and an
tique gems, like Romola's father, yet it
does rot signify one jot. But it would
p!a:nify very much indeed If Shakespeare
did not stand between us and the man.
How has the author succeeded in mak
ing us so ungenerous antl unjust? As ha<
Just been said, he could not do this with
a real Brabantlo, living in our circle or
our sight. He must have stirred our
prejudice against the man and have kept
from us the truer, more characteristic
things. That, in a book. l.« not .«o hard to do.
The problem, we shall find, is after all a
simple or.c. Shakespeare has but to In
troduce him to us without his dressing
gown and get him rebuked by the black
guard lago. who has come merely to do
Othello mischief. The rebuke is, of course,
unmerited. The folk of this time wore no
clothing In bed. and Brabantlo. aroused
by the cry of "thieves." could hardly be
expected to step for clothing till he knew
whether the summons was warranted.
lago but pretends, since Brabantio I* pro
tected by the darkness from exposure, to
be scandalized. He delights in taking
down "the great ones <»f the city." being
an adventurer, and from this subordina
tion of De«demona's father we trace the
beginnings of our pretudice actilnst him.
Shakespeare's chiefest undertaking, in
the heart of the drama, is the mastery
of our sympathies to the point of con
senting that Desdemona suffer. She is no
Ophelia, insufficient to living, but a
strong, cultured, true woman, the best
possible product of the best blood and
breeding In the Christian world. No ordi
nary author. In attempting to array
Othello against such a wife, could achieve
sympathy for the husband. But Shakes
peare extorts from us consent not only
that Desdemona undergo the agony of los
ing her husband's favor, but that ne mur
der her even in our sight. We are apt to
take ftor granted too many things in read-
inconsistency, be unjust and paltry In tha
small. He hears the maudlin revelry
which breaks the peace of Cyprus and
punishes like a god. With the same re
sponsibility he hears the voice of a victim
smitten in the darkness and slinks away
like an Italian stabber.
But the art of "Dthello" cannot be ade
quately discussed in a single paper. With
the fourth act closes the author's effort
with the two problems. The fifth act
brings on with fresh resources and ex
pedients of sklil the issue of the whoie.
University of Nebraska.
AS YOU LIKE IT.
(Concluded.)
Questions for Research and Review.
1. Of what is the title of this play sig
nificant — of the characters, of the events,
or of the final outcome?
2. In the tragedy of "Julius Caesar"
the part written in prose is less than 7
Fer cent of the whole; in "As You Lika
t" the pro?e is *1 per cent. Can you ac
count for this striking difference between
the tragedy and the comedy? ¦
3. Are Rosalind and Celia differentiated
clearly as characters? Are they dutiful
daughters? Do they show lack of a
mother's Influence?
4. What use is made of natural scenery
to heighten the romantic effect?* What
contract id there between the two prin
cipal places in which the scenes are laid?
What corresponding contrast between
groups of characters?
3. Why should this be called Shakrs
peare's "gayest comedy"? Compare on
this point with comedlea previously
studied.
6. Compare this play and "The Tamin?
of the Shrew." as to refinement; as to
prominence of the comic element.
7. What clown traits are exceptional In
Touchstone? Is he pure fool, humorist
or philosopher? What In Touchstone at
tracted Juques to him?
8. What is Jaques" peculiar humor?
Car. you think of another character In
Shakespeare at all like him? Are the
other characters at all affected by his
viiw of life?
>. Have the songs in act 2 any relev
ancy to the scenes in which they occur?
How does the last one further the plot?
10. How many groups of characters
have bf^n introduced by the time act 3 l»
reached?. How many of these group*
have b««>n brought together? And now?
11. What forward step in the plot Is t.i
ken In act 3. scene 1? In connection with
this see act 2. scene 2. What contrast J i
animating spirit is there between the**
scenes and adjacent ones?
12. Does the fact that Oliver addressei
Rosalind by her real name, at the end of
act 4 indicate that he has penetrated her
disguise?,
13. Does Shakespeare allow us to think
of the contents of act 4 as improbabili
ties? What makes us ready to admit
Oliver to our sympathies? Did the Idea of
improbability occur t» you as you read?
14. Are you satisfied with Shakespeare's
gentle treatment of Oliver? the usurrlns
duke? With the condition In which Will
iam is left? Is there any character u.i
reconciled at the close of the play?
13. Can you estimate from the play It
self the time occupied in the action?
16. Is tha first statement of the epllogna
true? .. ¦
Ohio State university
VIST INCREASE
LOOKED FOR IN
ORIENTAL TRADE
Santa Fe Will Have a
Bonded Dock.
HARBOR BOARD TAKES ACTION
MAIN-STREET WHARF SOON TO
BE ENLARGED.
Realizing that In the near future there
will be a vast increase In the Oriental
trade of this port, the Harbor Commis
sioners are beginning to take measures
looking to the betterment of wharves and
docks in anticipation of such improved
commercial conditions. An important step
was taken at their meeting yesterday,
when it was decided to make more room
at Main-street wharf for the freight of
the Santa Fe Terminal Company and the
California and Oriental Steamship Com
pany.
In a letter dated October 3, 1599, the Cal
ifornia & Oriental Company asked the
board to set aside a covered wharf for
the exclusive use of the two lines men
tioned and, in a communication of recent
date, read at yesterday's meeting, in
quired If anything had been done toward
giving them a permanent location. The
two companies will be notified that such
is the intention of the board.
Chief Engineer Holmes was directed to
prepare a report on the feasibility of
widening and lengthening Main-street
wharf, trie idea being to provide a bonded
dock for the Oriental trade. The Santa
Fe line has purchased several lots near
the dock, which before long will be cov
ered with freight sheds.
Engineer Holmes reported that he would
soon submit plans for the new Fisher
men's wharf at North Beach, and that
as soon as that matter was disposed of
he would give his attention to the building
of a new dock on the site of the present
Fishermen's wharf.
Ex-Governor Budd was present at the
meeting in order to have a resolution
adopted directing him to represent the
board before the . Supreme Court next
Monday morning, when the mandamus
suit of H. G. Walker against the board
for $117 75 will be taken up for argument.
Walker alleges that amount to be due
him for worKing overtime as switchman
on the Belt Railroad. As the decision will
affect several State institutions, the Com
missioners look upon the suit as a test
caee.
The contract for the building of a store
on the dolphin between ferry slips 5 and
C was signed and bills ordered paid ag
gregating $4742 OS.
BUTTLE OF THE
COAST JOBBERS
IS PARTLY WON
Official Classification
Brings Hope.
?
STATUS OF DIFFERENTIALS
?
THEY ABE WIDER THAN WAS
REPORTED.
Very Interesting news arrived from the
East yesterday. This is contained in the
revised "official classification." so called,
which has been In effect on the railways
east of the Mississippi river and north of
the Ohio river since the opening of the
new year. The value locally consists In
the light that It throws upon the pre
cedent that . has been made against St.
Louis and the Middle West Jobbers gener
ally In their fight against the Jobbers of
the Pacific coast. The impression that
has previously been gained by perusal of
the articles that have appeared over the
signatures of Van Landlngham of St.
Louis, to the effect that St. Louis would
be hard hit. is confirmed. The classifica
tion makes the differential in the territory
of which St. Louis is at the extreme west
ern edge, much larger than the Parlflc
c«ia;<t differential of which the Middle
West jobbers have complained as being
unjust.
Attorney General Griggs, when he de
clined to take any action, on the ground
*hat there was no violation of the anti
trust law, left the matter in the hands
of the Interstate Commerce Commission.
The railways in the territory north of the
Ohio and west of the Mississippi had not
combined to raise rates. They had agreed
upon a plan of classification. This w&s
an agreement as to how they would do
business among themselves, so far e.s the
legal aspect of the case was concerned.
There are Jobbers here who think that the
differential part of the fight to protect th*>
business of the Pacific coast has been at
least half won. The reason for this idea
is that the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion has F.inetloned differentials and so
has established a precedent in that direc
tion. Indeed the Interstate Commerce
Commission is reported to have favored a
uniform classification for the entire coun-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
SHAKESPEARE'S LITERARY MASTERPIECE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPERE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward Dowden, Dr. 'William J. Rolfe. Dr. Hamilton
W. Mabie. Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram- Cor»r.n. t>r. Isaac N. Demmon, Dr. Vlda D.
Scudder and others. • .
IX. OTHELLO.
"Othello" as a Masterpiece.
The "Othello" has been held by many
critics, and notably among them by Mac
aulay, the chief artistic production of
human genius. It would seem that these
authorities must have mis?ed Shakes
peare's achievements of this sort in
"Antony and Cleopatra." We may, safely
account "Othello," in point of art, the
second of the world's literary master
pieces.
Remembering that art is the means an
author uses to bring to his readers the in
spiration and vision of his own mir.d, we
shall nnd it easy to identify the more im
portant feats and strokes in the present
play. Shakespeare, because of the na
ture of his material, was obliged to re
sort to art at the very outset. The hero
and title character is of a supposed In
ferior and degraded race — a Moor. It
would have been futile to assume the in
terest of the audience in such a person
age, for the thing has been tried unsuc
cessfully in literature and oratory often
enough by others. Longfellow experi
mented with Hiawatha as a hero, pre
senting him precisely as if he were of
Anglo-Saxon blood and name; but though
the product is In reality a character per
haps as noble as Othello, we find it almost
impossible to take it seriously. Mrs.
Aphra Bean wrote a novel. "Oronokoo."
with a West India negTO for the hero,
Ing Shakespeare. A tragedy by a noted
modern playwright, brought out with
great expense an<l skill in London a few
years back, at the moat moving moment
aroused a titter throughout the audience.
That is one of the things that do not hap
pen in proper renditions of Othello. Nor
again is there revolt or hissing or outcry
when Othello, with his frenzied fingers,
crushes the fair neck of Desdemona. No
audience ever thought of protest against
the course' Of things in a play by Shake
speare, and from that very fact we grow
blind to the power that sways ua.
After Shakespeare has revealed to U3
the heart and soul of Desdemona in the
second act as fully as he dares' ha begins
to undermine her happiness. Here the
tragedy begins. We may say that the au
thor's task now resolves itself into two
problems. The first ia the evolution of
our consent that Othello punish Ca3»io
and commission lago to destroy his life,
this ending with the third scene of the
third act. Then comes the second prob
lem, the great work of the play— the at
tempt to make us Justify Othello,
dramatically, in proceeding asralr.st Dea
demona also. Here there is need for the
handkerchief; here we see the reason for
introducing Bianca Into the play. After
Othello Is shown, in consequence of the
supposed falseness' of his bride. In the
agony of a swoon, we find ourselves pos
sessed by a compelling repect for the
man's integrity and strange pity for his
fate. When he sees Cassio laugh at the
lightness, aa lasro makes him believe, of
Desdemona, there is no place In his soul
for moderation. He Is by instinct a vin
dicator, an avenger. Yet. to be Just In the
large, Othello must, with' half-barbaric
Valley Improvements.
BAKER3FIELD. Jan. 3.— The Supervis
ors decided to attend the good roads
meeting of the San Joaquln Valley Asso
ciation on Saturday at Hanford. They
also voted JoOO to aid the County Board of
Trade and Valley Association.
Merchants' Association Meeting.
At a 'special meeting of the Merchants'
Association yesterday the following were
elected as members, making the totat
membership at present 1127: Autographic
Register Company. Frunk Deardorf, M.
Ehrman & Co., Eschen & Minor. Charles
Kaufman. Henry Hilp, Holm & Saxtorph.
Jones-Paddock Company; Kirk, Geary &
Co.; Kohlberg & Co., Lloyd-Scovel Iron
Company, Murphy & Paul. C. E. Musto
& Co., Nathan & Kingston, Joseph
Prlester, L. Scatena & Co., Comers & Co.,
Sterling Furniture Company, M. & c.
Stewart and Whitelaw Wrecking Com
pany. ,
Assaulted With a Stovelid.
William P. Cas^sidy was sent yesterday
to the County jail by Judge Treadwell for
six months on a charge of battery. About
a week ago Frank "Wheeler called at a
house to see n friend and observed Cas
sidy beating a woman. He Interfered to
protect the woman, and Caesidy hit film
on the head with a stovelid. The original
charge was assault with a deadly weapon
but it was reduced to battery.
Fox Caught Stealing.
Pat Malone, an old man rooming- at the
Oakland House, C4O Howard street, wa3
awakened "about seven o'clock yesterday
morning by some one in his room.. He
saw a man with his hand in his trousers'
pocket and at once jumped out of bed
The man ran out of the house and Malone
followed him shouting for the police Pa
trolman Frank Green captured the thief
and took him to the City prison, where he
gave the name of Harry Fox. He was
booked on a charge of burglary. He had
17 50 in his pocket, which Malone claimed
had been taken from his. trousers pocket.
BOHEMIANS INVITE
M'KINLEY TO DINNER
Plans for { the Banquet — The Gov
ernor, Mayor and University
Presidents on the List.
The Bohemians of America, a recently
formed fraternal organization. Including
many prominent citizens, will to-day for
ward an invitation to President McKinlrfy,
asking his attendance at a banquet. The
Bohemians celebrate annually the birth
day of tne then President of the United
States. Their Invitation, which is beauti
fully engraved on a silver plate, reads:
Bohemians of America.
f, SAN* FRANCISCO, Dec. 23. 1599.
s Kxcellency, William McKlnley,
President s - of the United States of Amer
ica—Honored Sir: You are invited to be
present and attend the banquet given in
honor of the President of the United
States, which will be held on the 29th of
January, 1900, at the rotisscrie. northwest
' corner of Mason and Eddy streets, Fan Fran
citco, Cal.. at 7:30 p. m.
HEXRY KOWALSKY,
CHARLES EDELMAX,
WILLIAM F. COXOLLET.
HARRY BARHR.
ADOLPH MEESEJ.
Committee on Invitations.
Congressman Julius Kahn, who Is a
member of the Order of Bohemians of
America, will convey the invitation to the
President.
The toll of honorary membership em
braces the name of William McKinley,
President of the United States. The Pres
ident's acceptance of the honor, was
graceful and prompt.
The promoters of the banquet expect
that the President will designate some
one to respond to the toast "Our Nation."
if he cannot attend to speak to the srul -
ject himself. ¦
Governor Gage and Mayor Phelan will
be Invited, and the President may there
fore take his choice of these two orators
to respond to the toast. If neither suit 3
he may take either Uavid Starr Jordan or
Benjamin Ido Wheeler, as these univer
sity presidents are on the list of the ex
pected.
WILL BRING PROSPERITY
TO THE AMADOR MINERS
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
FOR A NEW RAILROAD.
A Company Formed Which Will Con
nect a Vast District of Valu
able Property With the
Outside World.
Articles of Incorporation of the Jack
son, Sutter and Amador Railway Com
pany of California, organized to build a
road through Amador County, were filed
yesterday. The road will be built from
lone to Martell's station, to Jackson, to
Middle Bar, to Plymouth, via the towns
of Sutter Creek, Amador City and Dry
town. The length of the read is thirty
live miles. The capital stock is $2,100,000,
of which $40,000 has been subscribed.
The directors and subscribers are: E.
Van Etten. New York; Gustav L. Jaeger,
May wood, N. J.; Clarence L. Feusier, San
Francisco; \V. R. Woodard, Los Ange
les; Carl L. Jaeger, San Francisco; P. A.
Buell, Stockton, and L. Schumacher, San
Francisco.
This road, running as it does through
one of the richest mining sections of the
entire State, will open up that territory,
giving it a boom such as nothing else
could.
At lone the Jackson, Sutter and Amador
Railway will connect with the Southern
Pacific, thus bringing Its feeders in direct
communication by rail with San Fran
cisco and other markets.
The projectors of the new enterprise
cannot as yet definitely figure on the date
at which their undertaking will be com
pleted. But everything is being put In
shape to commence actual construction at
a very early date as. when once com
menced, work will be pushed ahead with
all possible dispatch.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STOVG The id ° i
mr \JF f %r Flve-hol? range, made In two slzep;
h!g firebox, ashpit and grate of best
jl^ design; live 7-inch covers; 14-lnch
Cm bTV m /^ oven; loose end hearth, top .end shelf;
y _^j^ mji B ff smoke collar to po on top or back;
W I fcn^ B m nickeled oven shelf, ornamental, be-
ll fi ti rt MR / Fi<ies useful as rest for * *"%
B 1V 1 9ili La is. oven; the combine will Wl M
•* V JL. \IS Jt BBS V charge you $20 for a sim- UJ | J-m
1 ilar stove. Our price
lou will never again buy
J !ron Ta? advanced and we
couldn't replace these stoves at y^i^'/ < i^^ :i l'^^ 3
prices we offer them to you. j^r^^^^'w^^M
Why to we sell them ? |g^ Ml j j
Because the stove combine is
fighting vs — following up our
sales and denouncing our
stoves — insulting our integrity *^ ll ~ v 3£>^* &p
and «ndeavoring to ruin vs — jvC^ "*~"3&
all because our prices are 25 Th RTI
per cent telow the combine's AA llie Belle *
? . Adapted to any kitchen; two sizes.
list prices. IS and 20 inch ovens, ornamented with
W --„»? «„,* ?«. >-«,».. nickel work; heats quickly and even-
We Cant aiTOra tO Carry ly; bake as well on topmost slide as on
stoves under these conditions,
so we cut them to cost to close & ove for c °TS? e ;"toK ce oS S2O
them out quickly. prJce »%
It's an opportunity for the
housewife; it's a snap for the
smali stove-dealer who is not <^^^t^^
afraid of the combine. eiAi^Z/ir^
We shall not rrnve a single * = 7*3^^^ /^W : *
stove into our new building — r~- ffijjjp^- -?_~l j
we must sell every one right CT^r^^^sfef^^^^*
soon — no matter at what price.
They have to go, so don't let
procrastination keep a good /^^^^Sf^rS^^t^L
stove from your kitchen.
Same prices prevail in our
San Jose Branch Store, Theater -*=^. fi
Building, San Jose. " =^®
Th Jj, * ' Dispatch.
B-^^l H V /Tl^lr^^l C IS-lnch square oven, right ot f.rebox;
Jl I " ? ij S» lILil «^ double top; six S-inch lids; duplex
* V* •» » V/ W/a^«-» W grate, heavily trimmed with nickel;
. v . • . this is the finest stove the Abra^n
Big Home Store in trie Mission— Cox Company make; combine's price
Corner IGth and Missloi Street*. $?.5; our regular /$% #^v /-^ mm
Take FTOmare. Mission and yellow Kearr.y price $30; our \^ M B Ujl
Ft. cars direct to .iocr; Valencia tblue Mar- closing out price %U Jir Jm • \Jr \J ¦
ket et t cars to l«th ft.
JOHNSON ADMITS
HE CONSIDERED
A NEW CANNERY
Capitalists Had Cash
to Invest.
EASTERN MEN 1 INTERESTED
CONFEBENCE WILL BE HELD
VERY SOON.
Frank S. Johnson of the Johnson-Locke
Mercantile Company has returned from
the East and the gossip about the can
nery deal that he has been discussing has
been renewed with vigor. Johnson Is not
Inclined to say much about the matter,
but he confirms the statements that have
been made concerning his operations in
the East to some extent. In an interview
yesterday he denied that he had any in
tention of fighting the local canneries
combine. At the same time he admitted
that he had talked with Eastern men
about the establishment of a new cannery |
here. This was already known before the
arrival of Johnson from the East. It was
also known that San Francisco men were
working upon a cannery proposition in
connection with Johnson in this city while
he was absent. A story was afloat and is
credited generally that options were taken
East by Johnson for the purchase of at
least two canneries as a basis of a deal.
The statement is also made that a con
ference will take place in a day or two
at which Johnson will be present in ref
erence to the proposed cannery.
Here is what Johnson said yesterday in
so far as it affected the cannery matter:
"Before my departure for the East I had
been asked by some capitalists of this
city to assist in starting a cannery. My
dried fruit interests are very large and
a large cannery I have long desired as a
feeder to my dried fruit department. I
had some friends East who were anxious
to join me also in the inauguration of a
cannery, and while I was East I saw
them. I have not engaged In a search for
subscribers to any cannery organization in
the Eastern States and have not spoken
to more than half a dozen persons, all of
whom are ready to join me if I so desire.
It is not certain that I shall engage in
the cannery business directly or even col
laterally. I have a very large business
here and if a new cannery is inaugurated
here it will be because our firm cannot
secure the right kind of supplies from
those already operating.
"The public. In any event, need have no
fear that there will be at any time de
moralization of prices or any undue com
petition. We will not start anything in
imical to existing corporations nor will
we compete with them. I deprecate any
newspaper statements that we are or
ganizing anything to fight a trust. I do
not know of the existence of any cannery
trust here and the corporations now in
operation we have the most friendly feel
ings for and relations with."
try from the beginning of the official ex
istence of the body.
If it should be that the differential prop
osition is in as good situation as some
think then the entire matter at issue be
fore the Commission Is in very good shape
for the coast. When the hearing was In
progress in St. Louis in the suit concern
ing the Pacific coast, witnesses for St.
Louis gave signs of weakness in the mat
ter of urging the establishment of graded
rates to St. Louis westward from the At
lantic seaboard and the doing away with
terminals. Of course the grading of rates
would destroy terminals, the whole mat
ter of rates being under the graded rates*
upon a mileage basis. The realization of
this fact had caused such a protest that
the St. Louis people were clearly inclined
to weaken.
The reason that St. Louis took part in
the contest against the revision of the
official classification, so the jobbers here
say. was the dread of the precedent that
might be established. St. Louis being at
the western edge of the "official classMl
cation" territory would benefit by the dif
ferential in the matter of getting supplies
from the East. This consideration was
more than offset by the dread of wh^t
might be done to nffect the trade of St.
Louis west of that city.
D eve lop ing California's Trade.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1900.
MISCELLANEOUS.
f 30 cts. for 50 cups — |J
and "every cup a meal." M
Rich food— delicious bey- H
The first successful g
American reproduction of H
5 the well-known concen- H
trated and soluble cocoas n
cf Europe — improved and n
I fresher and offered at a ra
\ little over hilf the price. |
« Made by the manufac- I
turers of Ghirardelli's 1
Breakfast Cocoa. |
GOLF CAPES, |
TAILOR SUITS, |
JACKETS, FURS, Etc.
TAILORING I
""' Evenings. B
; AMUSEMENTS.
! GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN' M 2.
PLAYING TO CAPACITT.
A FITTING KOUDAT ENTERTAINMENT
FOR LADIES AND CHILDREN.
AT S O'CLOCK SHARP.
....SINBAD....
EVERYTHING IT TO DATE.
j NEW SONG?. NEW JOKES. NEW SPECIAL-
TIES.
SAN JOPE NIGHT. SATURDAY EVENING
NEXT.
APPROPRIATE SONGS AND WITTICISMS.
PRICED 25c. We. 75c.
GALLERIES lOC and lie.
SATOItDAT MATINEE ZZc and 50c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
-
EVERY NIGHT. EXCEPT SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
ITVI AB I ONLY II MORE P£R-
**^ f^L^a-^r FORMANCES.
AND SEATS IN IMMENSE DEMAND.
Llebler and Company Present
HALL CAINE'S Powerful Play. THE
Applauded Nightly by Representative Audi-
ences. Crowding the Theater to the Doors.
Next Week— POSITIVELY LAST NIGHTS OF
"THE CUKISTIAX."
ALC AZAR_THEATER.
LAST WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Of the Only Funmaker in Town.
CHIMMIE
FADDEN.
Standing Rocrn at AH Performances.
SECURE SEATS EARLT IN ADVANCE.
MATINEE PRICES 15c. 25c, 350
I NIGHT PRICES ECc. 25c. 23c. 15e
NEXT— "MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE."
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING. Jan. 1-20. WOO. Inclusive.
fctx high-class running races every week-day,
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Weal winter rarptrark of America. Pa-
trons *tcp tlirectly from the railroad cars into
a suoerb grand stand, glasp-en'-losed. where
corr.rorUibly housed in bad weather they can
erjvy p.n Ui;obstruoted vi<>« of the races.
Trains If-ave Third cr.J fowswnd streets at
i:W. I'j-.Vi and U3B a. m.. and iSiSS, 11:35, 12:5J
and 1:2 i>. ra.. returning immediately after
Uft rar» «t 4:43 p. m. Rear cars reserved
fur women and th»lr e»corts. No smoking.
Valencia street 10 minutes later.
Pan Jo»e and way stations. Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:<i ». m. Ltave San Bruno at 4:o}
and 4:13 ;>. m.
Bate«: fan Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track. Jl 2J.
W. J. MARTIN, President.
F. EL GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
FIRST FAREWELL RECITAL.
BHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'? HALL,
THIS AFTERNOON AT 3:13.
VLADIMIR DE
The World> Greatest Chopin Interpreter.
LAST RECITAL SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
Seat* 12 to. tl 50 ar.l tl 00. on eale at Sherman.
CUy *; CO.V
COMPLETE CHOPiN PROGRAMMES.
PTEINWAV PIANO USED,
i^rggDR. HALL'S fiEINVIttORATOR
IrSOGr tlve fcun3«'l reward for anjf
pf** '^tH c& se w « cannot cure. This secret
j . ¦ -_J&! remedy stop* all looses In
i'JSS E^fi hour »- cur " Emissions, lmpo-
lain Cvnti tency. Vartcocele, Gonorrhoea.
'*J«5 Wy, Oleet. Fits. .Strictures. . Lojt
F^ &Z* ' Manhood and all wasting- effects
r — - cf celf-abuse or excesses. Sent
lealcd. $2 bottle: S bottles. }5: guaranteed tv
cur* any ca*e. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
t'TITUTE. BSS Broadway, Oakland. CaL Alii
Xcr sal* at 1072H Market st.. S. F. All private
<!)»« aw* quickly cured.' Send for fret book.
STOCK-TAKING SALE!
Our larre stock cf hizhest jrrjde Fur
Novelties incu.in7..rj|T|j »j i rv\Q
I must bs reuue^d IUK lI A 1 J
within 30 days.
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
Fashionable p.-f-J^-c
Manufacture TUrnerS,
121 Post Street, Rooms 7 to 11.
R;mo '.eiinK an J repairing at popular prices
1 Tbe luxury, comfort, convenience*. ,
, cnicice aaa muliimt* charges bar* ?
Clvea xbm
:: PALACE and
I • GRAND
? ?
? fiettta a rcoatat!on that I* knows whtr. f
<> tver the EorfUh Untuac* Is spokta. 4
1 Connected by a covered paMUtwtr- 1
i ? 1400 rooms— BOO with bath t. I
! , JOHN C KIRKPATRICK. Uasanr. I
I !•••••••%••••• »?-.¦»« «...«»
7Sun rises 7:26
Sun sets 3:04
Moon sets. 11:23 p. m.
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs.- The heights
Sun, Moon and Tide.
New York Stock Market.
NnTV YORK. Jan. 3— The Etock market to
day was unable to resist the factors working
toward reaction, and closed at losses both for
specialties and in the rallroadF, running 1 to 4
points. A »--e:i;ns disposition was manifest
from the opening in sympathy with the earlier
declines In the London market, and the down-
ward tendency was resisted. A number of
the industrial etocks advanced in a somewhat
*xdted manner in the flryt hour and Induced
sympathetic hardening of prices ail through
the lift. Cor.foliiicteil Gas Jumped c points on
the report of its abForption of an electric light-
Ing company and incidental ndvantages in the
local eas war. American Tobacco rose an ex
treme 5 points, and the Continental Tobaccos
were strong. Sugar showed a disposition to
continue its advance, and seme of the Iron
and steel Blocks maintained yesterday's show
of strength in the group. Later in the day
there was a vigorous upward movement In
New York Central, with a slight sympathetic
rtifonse in other Vanderbllt nocks. The iso
lated points of strength in the market, how
ever, proved entirely insufficient to sustain
prices in the face of the constant dribbling of
ealea for foreign account and those for local
Account which were sentimentally influenced
by the weakness abroad. A rumor was circu
lated that Ladysmlth had capitulated to the
Boere. The effect was significant of what may
be expected from the pecurity market in cane
of farther reverses to the Hrltish arms in
South Africa, for traders who were long of
stocks hastened to take their profits in the
*Ac«? of the possibility involved. The later
news of the day made it clear that the real
source of the day's weakness was llerlin. Sell
ing from that center in London, and of Ameri
can securities in New York, was on a large
scale. Jt was taped- on the weekly return of
the German Imperial Dank, which showed &
Joss cf fJC.SOO.'H'iO In each, a lean expansion In
the face of this <traln of f12.500.0C0, and an
addition to the notes in circulation of upward
of fS3.CCQ.OOO was an exhibit of the pressure
for credKs in Germany which served rather
to startle the financial world. The effect was
not apparent, however, in the Berlin discount
market and fterlinK exchange advanced at Ber
lin, in epite of a further decline in interest
rates in London. Rerlin exchange in New York,
however, rose a fharp fraction. The stocks
¦which were ftr^npest yesterday did not entirely
lose their gains of yesterday, but in the case
of the Baltimore and Ohio eto<~Ks, Pacifies and
a number -of Southern stocks, laree inroads
»-ere made on values. Conditions in the local
money market were undisturbed.
The t<ond market rhowed a yielding tendency
In sympathy with stocks. ¦ Total sales, par
value. $1,575,000.
United States new 4s registered advanced %
and do --¦¦-;-.:.. the ts. old 4s and 5s % In the
bid price
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Shares • Closing
6.500 AtctaSs-u 19%
i&'.CZO Atehl«on prefd Co\
7,049 Baltimore &. Ohio 57
SOO Car.aillan Pacific 91%
1.030 Canada Southern 49
lfi.UO Chesapeake & Ohio SO
C.lOO Chlc-jso Great Western 12%
16.54S Chicago Burlington 4 Qulncy 122%
I.'SOO CMca«ro Ind & Loui«vllle 16
600 Chic ?nd & I^u!svilie prefd 45^
i...... Chicago & Eun Illinois es
•00 i.'hlcapo A; Northweitern 1G1V»
•••..*. — . Chtcßg'> Rock Jslnr.d & Pacific 106%
.-i1.«75-C C C & Pt Lnuin C 2%
¦f.JSO Colorado Southern j^
'• . 410-- Coloi Southern list rrefd 41
,^.x... Colo ?outh*-rn 2d prefd 15
. ClO Delaware Ac Hudson ll<Vi
: l.C3> Del L«ck & Western 177
_ . -£40 lJenver & P. G, ex div lg
SCO I»e!.ver & It G prefd 70
1 l.(*0 .Erie IV
V . 100 Erie Ist prefd 52
: 1.000 Grcft Northern prefd l7lVt
. 1.C40 Hockin? Coal II
• 106 HocKine Valley 32
».....'» ¦Illinois Central 112%
M 0 lowa Central U
.'. lowa Central pre-fd M«4
1M) K«r« City Pitts & Gulf 7%
(M LaVe Erie & Western 23
' 200 Lake Erie & Western prefd M
Lake Shore 197
•3».."7» Louisville & Nashville 79
JJ.T'X Manhattan L '-'6%
.£.2>J" Metropolitan Street Railway 17.*.%
1.tr.0 Mexican On'rsl Hi
•¦ C-w Minn fz St I>juis £•*'.•*
• Minn * St Louis prefd *0
10 k TW Missouri Pacific 41%
• . 300 'Mobile & Ohio 40
. .-.' Mltiftouri Ksntan & Texas iO
2.0i<0 MlF*ourt Kar.ras & Texas prefd 22"4
1.000 New Jersey Central 116
84^75 New York Central 133%
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January, 1900,
More Knowledge and Less Noise.
There is a cood story told on Mrs. Wil
liam Tod Helmuth. After a stormy ses
sion of a woman's club over which she
presided one morning, she said, prior to
the afternoon programme:
"Ladles, after we have finished the
Lord's prayer. let us silently ask that
there be more knowledge and less noise
vouchsafed to us."
And In an Instant, it Is said, that prayer
was answered.— Woman's Home Com
panion.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. *-
January s- «6% 66% 68 C 6%
May 70 70% 63% 69%
July 70% "0% 70Vi 70%
Corn No. 2—2 —
January 30% 31 30% 30%
May 33% 33% 33% 33%
July 33% 34% 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
January 22 .... .... 22
May 24 24% 24 24
Mess pork, per barrel—
January 10 25 10 40 10 25 10 S2H
May 10 65 10 75 10 60 10 65
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 5 77% 6 77% 6 72% 875
May 5 92V4 595 690 690
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
January .... .... 5 60
May 5 Co 5 70 5 65 6 65
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 60<367c; No. 2 red,
bSHc; No. 2 c-crn. 31% c; No. 2 oats, 22®23%c;
NoT 2 white. 25% c; No. 3 white.' 24%'32r.',ic; No.
2 rye. 514@">3>,ic: No. 2 barley, 39@44c: No. 1
flaxjeed. $1 4S; prime timothy seed, $2 32 -4: mess
pork, per barrel, $9 10i@10 40; lard, per 100
pounds, $5 55<Jf5 75; short ribs sides (loose), $5 40
(55 70; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6H@s%c;
nhort clear sides (bcxed). $5 65@5 75; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, basis high wines, per
gallon, $1 23%; sugars, cut loaf, 5.69; granu
lated, 5.18 c.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
8.350 Norfolk & Western 24%
1.060 Norfolk & Western prefd CS
S.2W Northern Pacific t2%
4.200 Northern Pacific prefd 73V*
4.900 Ontario & Western 21%
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Or Hy & Nay prefd 70
16,240 Pennsylvania 13H4
600 Reading 18
1,600 Reading Ist prefd 52
200 Reading 2J prefd 27^i
JUo Grasdo Western 25
Rio Grande Western prefd SI
109 St Louis A. San Francisco Shi
100 ht Louis & S F Ist prefd CS
260 6t Louis & S F 2d prefd 32ft
500 St Louis Southwestern 9
J.CiO St Louis Southwestern prefd 25
14.110 fct l'aul 117%
St Paul prefd 173\i
tU Phul & Omaha 120
38.100 Southern Pacific 37%
2.00U Southern Railway ll'j
CSO Southern Railway prefd 53"»
2.600 Texas & Pacific IS'-j
48.450 Union Pacific 46H
M 75 Union Pacific prefd 7IVi
625 V.'abanh 7%
4.C00 Wabash prefd 20%
4.000 Wheeling & L E 9V*
3.922 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 27
6.700 Wisconsin Central 19%
Express Companies —
Ad.irr.s 11l
American 142
430 United States 45
Wells Fargo 120
Miccellaneous —
400 American Cotton Oil 33Vi
American Cotton Oil prefd 83
American Malting 7Vt
200 American Malting prefd 30
1.000 Am t-'meltlng & Refining 36%
T2S Am bmeltlng & Refining prefd S7Va
American Spirits • 2\t
Afnerlcan Spirits prefd 17
3.150 American fcieel Hoop 43
JOO American Steel Hood prefd 82
23.550 American Steel & Wire 4S
l.nfcO American Steel & Wire prefd Sv"i
4.C05 American Tin Plate 31'»
American Tin Plate prefd 7»
50.EM American Tobacco 1024
American Tobacco prefd 13J
6.085 Anaconda Mining Co 89%
67.763 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70't
3.230 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43
13.224 Continental Tobacco 344
2.656 Continental Tobacco prefd fc7
19.300 Federal Steel 52%
2,414 Federal Kteel prefd 73%
K«3 General Electric 123
2,C>O Glucose Surar 50
Glucose Sugar prefd 91^
S.IOO International Paper 24%
240 International Paper prefd 68
LacWe Gas 80
MK> National Biscuit 36%
National Biscuit prefd 91
410 National Lead 2iV-
National Lead prefd lv."" 1 -;
4.250 National Steel 43%
435 National Steel prefd 91
100 New York Air Brake 133
2,9f>0 North American 14V4
200 Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 85
4<X> raclflc Coast 2d prefd er. 1 *
6.0C2 Pacific Mall 43 %
12.350 People's Gas 104>4
tOO Pressed Steel Car 57%
Pressed Steel Car prefd S6
Pullman Palace Car 185
2«0 Standard Rope & Twine 94
86.625 Sugar 132%
Sugar prefd 114
J1.570 Tennessee Coal & Iron E.*%
"3.(M United States Leather K%
2.461 United States Leather prefd 75
1,057 United States Rubber 40>4
760 United States Rubber prefd 1f)3%
652 Western Union S3
S.4CO Republic Iron & steel 22Vi
6CO Republic Iron & Steel prefd 6.M.j
P C C & St Louis 73H
514,£00 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS
V R 2s reg 102 VN J Cent cen 65... 117^4
Do 8s reg 10M.1N Carolina Cs 122
Do 3s coup 110»4i Do 4s 102
Do new 4s reg...l34V>No Pac lsts 110
Do new 4s coup.. 134 | Do ?.s 66
Do old 4s reg im;> Do 4« 103
Do old 4s coup... 114*4 -N V C & S L 45..104Vs
IV) 5s reg 113 -N & W con 4s 90Vi
Do ,'s coup 113 i Do gen Cs 129
Dis of Col 3.65s 119 ;Or Nay lsts 110
Atchison gen 4s S3 Do 4a 101%
Do adj 4s 79%:0r Short Line 45. .127
Canada Sou 2r!» 107 Vi! Do con 5s 113
Ches & Ohio 4Vis.. 96 'Reading Gen 4s R3'4
Do 5s 115'4'R G W lsts 95
C& N Con 7s 139 SL& I M Con 85..110«, i
IV> P F Deb 35... 113 'f LftSF Gen 65.. 120 ,
Chic Term 4n 93^ Ft Paul Con 167
D & R G lsts 101% St P C & P 15t5. ...116%
Do 4s 9*4! Do 5k 1171^
ETV & O 15t*. ..103 !Southern Ry 5s 106%
Erie Gen 4s 67 j Stand R & T Cs... K0
F W & D C lsts.. 73 iTenn new set 35... 92
Gen Elec Ds 119 jTex & Pac 15t5. ...11l
G II & S A 6s 10S I IV) 2ds 54
Do 2ds 105 JT'nion Pac 4s 102« i
H & T Central 55. .109% Wabash lsts 113
Do Con 6« 110 i Do 2<is 100
lowa Central lsts..llfl jWest Shore 4s HO,4
KCP4G IMS... 6S'4 Wis Cent lsts R>
La new con 45. .—105 Va Centuries S3<£
L& N I'nl 4i 97V4 Do Deferred 5
MX & T 2ds 6S Colo Sou 4s 524
Do 4s R9V4 So Pac 4s 80%
N V Central 1Jitw... 109 I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar IS Ontario 7 00
Crown Point 10 Ophir 60
Con Cal A Va 1 35; Plymouth 08
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 1 60
Gould & Curry 20 i Do prefd 800
Hale & Norcross... 35 Sierra Nevada 35
Hornrwtake 65 00' ptandard 2 40
Iron Silver BO Union Con 20
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket 18
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— ,We«tinch El«c .... 40
Call loans 6f?7l do prefd 60
Time loans S/'jG Dominion Coal .... 45
Ptocits— ! do jrefd 114%
Atchlson 19% Bonds
do prefd 60»i | Atchlson 4s 98
Am Sugar 122 V* Mining shares —
do prefd 115 Adventure 6',i
Bell Telephone 343 Allouez Mln Co ... 3
Boston & Albany. .244 Atlantic 25
Boston Elevated... S8 I Boston &. Mont 275
Boston & Maine. ..200 I Butte & Boston 49
C B A Q 122HiCalumet & Hecla..7»o
Fitchburg prefd ..123 iCentennlal 18
Gen Elec 122^ Franklin 14Vi
do prefd 1364 Humboldt I
Fed Steel 52Vi Osceola 73
do prefd 73VrPar»ot 44
Mcx Ont llV.Qulney 148
Mich Telephone ..100 | Santa Fe Copper.. 6U
Old Colony 204 i Tamarack lSC^s
Old I»-jmlnlon 21 !Wlnona 4
Rubber 41 [Wolverines 41
Union Pac 46<4'1-'tahs 28ft
West End S3 i
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 3.— Money on call, steady.
45 6 per cent; last loan. 4; ruling rate. C per
cent; prime mercantile paper, C per cent. Ster
ling exchange, firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at 14 87H for demand and at
$4 S2>4 for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 83 and
$4 S«H- Commercial bills, $4 81$4 Sl'i. Silver
certificates. 67H<3S9' / i<\ Bar silver. 6S»ic. Mex
ican dollars. 47VsC. Government bonds, strong;
railroad bonds. Irregular; State bonds, inactive.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHING* -X. Jan. 3.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: -Avail
able ca*h balance, $282,775,»U; gold reserve,
f236.575.255.
London Financial Situation.
LONDON, Jan. «.— The financial situation Is
considered much more hopeful on the general
understanding that the bank rate will not be
raised to-morrow nor, according to expectation.
Is it likely to be raised In the near future.
It is learned by a representative of the Asso
ciated Press that the gold drain to be met at
present is £JOO.ono to the Argentine republic,
which Is believed to be fully offset by impor
tations from the United States and other cuun-
tries. Liquidations continue ,to Increase, and
the leellng toward American securities has Im
proved. The belief gains ground that the
United States will reap great benefit from the
South African war.
Government bills are somewhat weak on ac
count of rumors of a new war loan. On the
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 ?2H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 89^i
New York Exchange, sight — 12H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars ». — 48&
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The Montgomeryshire takes for
Cork 47,654 ctls, valued at $47,700.
The local market was dull and unchanged.
Liverpool advanced Ud and Paris IV* c. Ber
lin sold stocks on fears of Delagoa Bay compli
cations. It being rumored that the British had
seized German artillery there.
Chicago opened weaker on disappointing ca
bles due to free offerings of arrived cargoes of
old T.a Plata wheat. The feeling afterward was
firmer under the news from Berlin, but there
was another break on local bear selling on ac
count of rehashed Argentine news and ab
sence of support.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97ttff9S%c; milling, »1
@1 02H-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
10,000 ctls, $1 10; 2000. $1 09%; 4000/ $1 09%. May—
6000 $1 03%; 4000. $1 OoVj.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May — 6000 ctls,
$105H; 10.000, $105%; 2000. $105%.
Afternoon Session— May— Sooo ctls, $1 05%.
BARLEY— WhiIe the market is still dull,
there seems to be more tone and buyers are
paying another advance.
Feed, 72}->©7sc for No. 1 and 60@70c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, sOgfttf'.ic;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— There Is a good demand for black for
feed, on account of their cheapness, but other
descriptions are quiet and unchanged. White,
$1 10@l 30; Red. $1 07%@l 20; Gray, $1 07H51 174;
Black, 97Hc®$l 07 1 .4.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 97%c@
$1 02^4 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 1»5^
107U,; mixed, 9<tec@sl 02ft. ¦,;.%>
RYE— sl@l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Sikh took out for China and Japan 8000
bbls Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6053 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40433 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4WD3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25<g3 40 for bakers' and $2 25fc>3 for super
fine.
M I LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, IS 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4®4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6©7 25; In tacks, $5 75@7;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$j 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions, with
a dull market.
BRAN— SI 2 60@13 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16 60@17 60
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26^27; Job
bing, $27 60@28; Cocoanut Cake, $204/21; Corn
meal, $23 60©24 50; Cracked Corn. $24^25; Mixed
Feed, $16 50@17; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7 sO@B 50 for common to good
and $9©9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7@9;
Oat, $6 50<ar8; Barley. $5@6 60; Alfalfa, $s®B per
ton; Compressed, $7@lo per ton.
STRAW— 3S®SOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
A few additional changes In Beans will be
observed. The market Is weakening.
BEANS— Bayos, $3*33 25; small White, $2 75
62 90; large white, $2 20®2 50; Pinks, $2 60(g2 65;
Reds $3 2i>@3 50: Klarkeye, »4 50: Butters, nom
inal;" Lima, $4 90»5; Pea. $2 00@3 10; Red Kid
neys, nominal.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, 3®3%c: Yellow
Mustard, 4@4\4c; Flax, $2 12<4; Canary. 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
,708 c; Rape, 2V4(S3c; Hemp. 4@4%c; Timothy,
45*4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 50®l 90; Green, $1 75
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
An advance In Sweet Potatoes is the only
change worthy of note. Vegetables continue In
over supply.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85@90c; River Reds,
65©"5 c; Burbanks, 50®R5c per sack;. Salinas
Burbanks. $Hsil 25; Oregon Burbanks. Ssc@sl 25;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 40(31 60 for Merced.
ONIONS— SK(iI 4U per ctl lor all kinds.
VEGETABLES — Green Pens. 204 c per lb;
String Beans, 2^4c; Cabbage. 40<S/50c; Los An
geles Tomatoes, :>Oc((T$l; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 10®12V4c; Dried Okra, 12V4c' per lb;
Garlic. s@6V4c: Green Peppers from Los Ange
les, 3@4c; Dried Peppers, 8@10c; Carrots, 30@
40c per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 75c
ijil per box; Marrowfat Squash, $12 l jflo per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Three more cars of Eastern are expected this
week, but at present the Poultry market Is
lightly supplied and firm, as will be seen by the
quotations.
Game arrived In bad condition as a rule, and
prices were lower In consequence.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14ffl5c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys. 15
@17c; Geese, per pair. $1 75@2; Goslings, $173
@2; Ducks. $4 60(<f.i 50 for old and $4 50©". 60 for
young; Hens, 14{f5; Yourg Roosters, $."i(jj\-, ,"0;
Old Roosters, $434 60: Fryers. $o@s 50; Broilers,
$< soys for largo and $3 60ft 4 for small; Pigeons,
51 r>er dozen for old and $2 50'#3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25*31 50: Mallard, $3; Can
vasback. $2®3; Sprig, $1 60(^2 50; Teal, $125(3
1 SO: .Widgeon. $1250150; Small Duck, $I@l 25;
Doves. 50<275c per dozen; Hare, $I@l 60; Rab
bits. $1 25»rl 75; Gray Geese. $3®3 50; White.
$160; Brant, $16032 60; Honkera, $5; English
Snipe. $2 505j3 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 25@l 50
160.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
. A steam schooner brought In a small Invoice
of Humboldt Butter, but hardly enough to talk
about. Quotations remain about the same.
Dealers are quoting lower prices for Cheese,
with a dull market. Eggs keep up, but are
not expected to stay us long.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 260; seconds, 23®
25c.
Dairy— Fancy. 22^22t4c; good to choice, 19@
20c; common. 13O17Vic.
Eastern— l7ftlBc for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 12c; old,' llHc;
ARRIVED.
Wedaeadar. January «¦
Stmr Ceo Looinl*. BrfdKett. S3 hour* from
Ventura.
Stmr Corona. D«bney. 62% hour* from Saa
Dtero, etc. „ *'
Stmr Albloa. Wtnkel. JH «ay« from TUla
mltm'rmItm'r Walla Walla. Hall. 80% hour* from Vic
toria and Pujret Sound ports.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. 40 hour* from Ea
"stmr Mackinaw. Ldttlefleld. 4H day* from
Seattle. _
Stmr Brunswick. Ols«n. S2 hour* from Eu
reka, bound to Redondo; put la to land pa»
sengers.
Stmr Newburi. Hansen. 4 dar» 8 hour* from
Grays Harbor.
Sfmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. 5^4 day* from
Grays Harbor, bound to Redondo; put la for
Stmr Aberdeen. Hlzfflns, 4^i day* from A»-
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 4^4 days from De
parture Bay.
Br «hip Crown of Denmark. Mlllman. ISI day*
from South Shields.
Bark Nicholas Thayer. Thomsen. 23 day* from
Cllppertcn Island.
Br bark Godiva. Trunk. 170 day* from New
castle. England.
Ft bark Normandle. Moirsonnlere. 153 day*
from Swansea.
Bktn S N Castle. Hubbard. 19 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn Gleaner. Peck. 15 day* from Columbia
River.
Brig Harriet G. Wayland, 63 days from New
Britain.
Schr John G North. Austin. 22 day* from
Honolpu.
Schr Newark. Beck, 43 hours from Fort
Braze.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 3.
Br ship Hougomont. Lowe. Queenstown; Ep
plnger & Co.
Bktn Archer. Calhoun. Honolulu; Welch *
Co.
Brig Consuelo, Page, Mahukona; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, January
Etmr Aleatraz. Carlson, .
Stmr Coos Bay. Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr State of California. Gage. Astoria.
Stmr Cleone. Hlgglns. .
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick. Olsen. Redonrto.
Stmr Tlllamook. Anflndsen. Albion.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Sunol. Green. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson. .
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. .
Bktn Archer. Calhoun, Honolulu.
Schr Barbara Hernster. LJndbergr. .
Schr Nettle Low. Low. Point Reyes.
Brig Consuelo, Page, Mahukona.
Schr Louise J Kenny. Everson. San Bias.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 3. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 15 miles.
SPOKEN
Nov — . no lat. lon 29 W— Fr bark Grand*
Duchesae Olja, from Antwerp, for Saa Fran
cisco.
Per Fr bark Jfonnandle. from Swansea Jan
3— Au* 7. lat 33 13 N, lon 18 23 E. Br bark. Col
llngwood, from London. Aug 24. Ger bark
Marienburg. from Bremen. Aur 26 — Ger bark
R J X B. from Cardiff, for Iqulque. Avar 29.
Fr bark H F T B, from Valparaiso* Sect 1,
Br bark II W D Q. from New York, for Ade
laide. Sept 2, Br bark Matterhorn. from Swan
sea, for San Francisco. Oct 28, Ger bark Po
tosl, from Iqutq,ue, for Hamburg. Nov 9. Fr
bark Canrobert, from Hamburg, for San Fran
cisco. Nov 27. Br bark Poseidon, from Liver
pool, for Honolulu.
MEMORANDUM.
Per brig Harriet G— De« 8. lat 34 JT. lon IS3
W. had & heavy N gale which carried away the
main boom. Dec 30. 15 miles Wof Point Reyes.
taw a three-masted shlo and bark. Jan 2. 40
miles W of Point Lobos. saw a ship bound In.
DOMESTIC PORTS
COQUILLE RlVER— Sailed Jan I— Schr Vo
lante, for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Jan J— Haw ship
Hawaiian Isles, from Honolulu.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan »— Schr Ex
celsior, from Newport; baric Harvester, henca
Dec 21.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan B— Schr
Glendale. from Honolulu: schr John D Tallant.
hence Dec 19: schr Win Renton. henca Dec 2L
Passed Inward Jan 3— Schr Excelsior, from
Newport.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 3— Baric Vldette. from
Sailed Jan 2— Bark Gatherer, for San Kran
clsco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 3— Bktn Tarn o' Shaa
ter. hence Dec 22.
Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco. ¦
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr City of To
peka. from Alaska.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 2— Nor stmr Thy
ra, from Astoria.
EUREKA— PaIIed Jan I— Schr Lagunm. for
; stmr Del Norte, for San Pedro.
Arrived Jan I— Schr J O Wall and schr Em
ma Claudlna. hence Dec 30. Jan 2— Schr For
tuna. hence Dec 31; stmr National City, hence
Jan 1. Jan 3— Stmr J.ue'.'a. hence Jan t.
Launched Jan I— Schr S T Alexander.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 3— Schr James H
Bruce, from Tacoma.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed Jan 3— Schr Banjor. for
San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Jan 3— Schr J D
Tallant. from Port Townsend.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived Jan 2-Schr San
Buenaventura, hence Dec 19: schr Reporter
from San Pedro; schr La Glronrte. hence Doo
2S; schr Twilight and bktn Monitor, hence Dec
16: sclir Zampa, hence Dec 27. Jan 3— Schr Ida
McKay, hence Dec* 24.
COOS RAY-Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Arcata. hnc
Jan 1; schr Gem. hence Dec 23.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FORT ARTHUR— Arrived Dec 20— Nor stmr
Tyr. from Vancouver.
MANILA-Arrived Jan 2-U S stmr Sherman,
hence Dec *.
SHlELDS— Arrived Jan I— Br bark Dunreg
ran. from Oregon, and not sailed, as befor*
reported.
NANAlMO— Arrived Jan 3— Br stmr Robert
A«lams>on. hence Dec 30.
Hll.O— Sailed Dec 31— Schr Otttllie Fjord, for
Eureka. Dec 23— Haw ship Falls of Clyde fur
San Francisco. '
APAPULCO— SaiIed Dec 51-Stmr Saa Juan
for San Francisco.
COMOX— Arrived Jan 2— Ship America, henca
HONG KONG— Palled Nov 18— Br bar* Bel
mont, for Oregon. Jan 3— Jap stmr Nlsoon
Maru. for San Francisco.
Arrived prior to Jan 3—Jao stmr Klnshlu
Mini, from Seattle.
YOKOHAMA— "SaiIed Jan 3— Dr etmr Done
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 3— Stmr New York
for Southampton: s-tmr Fuerst Hlsmarck tXr
Genoa and Alexandria: stmr Kensington! fn£
Antwerp. * lur
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jan '— cjt__
Kinshu Mam. from Seattle, etc r
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 2-Stmr Southward
from New York, via Southampton ooulnwark -
LIVKRPOOL-Arrlved Jan 3-Stmr Dominion
from Portland. Me. via Halifax
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed Jan 3-Stmr Trave
from Bremen, for New York irave.
Arrived Jan 3-fitnar St Taul. from New Tork.
Custom Collections.
Local Custom-house collections In l£9» were
W,ge2.K:. ara.lr.st J6.PC4.&00 in IE3B. Last year's
collections were the largest for many years.
The Lumber Trade.
raciflo Coast Wood eaa Iron says of Ijam-
••The local Ban Francisco lumber trade was
m. little »low during December, but this was
only normal, am! January will record a re
vival. Plr.e deliveries wer,« very heavy, but
come of the receipts should have been in port
during November, the inclement weather in
terfering la the schooner traffic
"Redwood price, together with pine, spruce
and nr. are firm, with an upward tendency.
Walt a month and a rise of Jl a thousand will
te in torce. The redwood combination is still
pparring for time, but every indication points
••Foreign shipments of redwood lumber con- ;
tlnue heavy from Kureka. San Francisco and
Other coast ports, and another thirty-one days j
will notice an Increase. A little encourage- j
tr.erX In the Fer East will create a draining i
market, while Honolulu will be only a litue j
behind in Its demands."
Weather Report.
OlOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 2. 6 p. m.
The JoUowirg are the seasonal "rainfalls to
date as coT-pared with those cf same date last
season. *nd rainfalls In last twenty-four hours:
" Stations— 24 h-rurs. season, season.
Fureki ...••.••••••••...... .26 ..... 12-i*
r.ed niurr a is.6« 6.97
Sacramento I.M 12.55 5.21
Pan Francisco 1.56 13. 4S 4. .2
}->fn« I.IS E.»7 2.61
Indfjendence 14 200 0.70 I
Pan Luis Obispo 1.E2 12-32 3.8?
Lns Angeles 1.16 4.66 0.56
Pan Diego M 2.45 1.09
Vuma 00 0.&8 1.32
San ' rancisco data— Maximum temperature.
1%; mirirr.um, C 2; mean, £5.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the last
¦ 24 hour* on the Pacific Coast north of San
Francircn. There Is one storm over Vancouver
Inland and the second storm over Southern Cali
fornia.
Heavy rain has fallen In the San Joaquln
Va}!ey and Southern California. At Los Ange
l«f> there- has Ufa a rainfall of 1.16 Inches in
the i«iFt 32 hours, and at San Diego .W), and
still rair.ins. ¦ -
¦ The following river data Is reported: Red
Bluff. 20.5 feet, dar.gtfr j»a*t; Waterfr>rd. 9 feet;
gan Joaquln bridge. 9 feet and rising: Colusa,
£4 » r<*t; Kanrsvtue. 17.6 feet and rising; Sac
ramento. Z2.i> feet and risir.s.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for 30 hours
» ¦ ¦ - midnight January 4. 1900:
Northern Oa'lforr.la— Temporarily fair Thurs
day; cfxiler in the interior; northerly winds.
¦ Southern California— Rain *ar!y Thursday
xnorn'.ng: fair Thursday; northerly winds.
Nevaua— Cloudy Thursda>.
Vtah— Cloudy Thursday.
ArUona— Ooufly Thursday, probably rain.
Fan FraTicisco and vicinity — Temporarily fair
Thursday; light northwesterly wind.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
Forecast Official.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat dull and unchanged. Barley doing better.
Black Oats in good demand. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Feedstuff s quiet.
Beans dull and weakening. Seeds as before.
Szvcct Potatoes advanced. Vegetables plentiful.
Butler firm. Cheese weak and Eggs steady.
Poultry firm and in light supply. Game lower.
No change in Apples and Citrus fruit.
Provisions stand as before.
Hogs in fair supply and firm.
Increase in Customs collections.
P&CI Ry 65..101H -OS L & H.... - 60
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Presidio lt^> "
Powell-st R 6s. — 111 Powder Stocka—
Sac El G &Rss — — California lbO 1.5
8F& N P 5«.U2H — E Dynamite... &3 —
SF & SJV 55.H4% — Giant Con Co.. 92^4 —
SRy of Cal 65.108 i4 — ' Vigortt *H 3^*
SPofA6s....— — feucar—
SP C 6s(iaos).loS 110 Hana P C 0.... .Vj 7»t,
SP C 65(1906).Ul — Haw C&S Co S.S —
SP C 65(1912). — — Honokaa S Co. 31H —
SPCIs eg ss. — — Hutch S P Co. 26Vi 2fi\
SPBr 6s 123%— Kilauea S Co.. 20 TIH
S V Wat 65....113 V» — Makaweli SCo 44 4.»
S V Wat 45....102»4103H Onomea S Co.. 29Vi W*
S V W4s>(3dm).lol — Paauhau S Co. 2SVj 29
Stcktn Gas 65.101 105 Miscellaneous—
rtater Stocks— Al Pack Assn. ll7^ —
Contra Costa.. 73 73Vs Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Martn County.. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 92 94
Spring Valley.. 92»,i 92^i Pac A F A 1% 22 1 *
Gas & Electric— Pao C Bor C 0. .145 —
Cent Gaa C 0... — — Par Paint Co.. »W —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.... S3 00
45 Hutchinson S P Co 26 .a
1W Oceanic S S Co. s 90 92 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 .j
95 8 F Gas & Electric Co 60 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 87V»
100 S F Ga« & Electric Co, s 90 49 75
1G S V Water 92 12V4
100 S V Water, s 30 92 50
10 S V Water 92 50
$3000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds 123 73
$7000 S P of A bonds HO 00
rOS^Wa^er « 12»
Afternoon Session.
80 Contra Costa Water 75 25
10 Hana Plantation Co 7 75
110 Hana Plantation Co 7 62^
90 Hana Plantation Co, s 30 7 BO
60 Honokaa 31 75
25 Hutchinson S P Co 26 73
30 Hutchinson S P Co 26 62,4
65 Market-street Railway 60 50
100 Makawell 44 00
100 Oceanic S S Co. » 30 92 CO
100 Paauhau S P Co 2S 75
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 75
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 00
53 S V Water A 92 25
20 8 V Water 92 00
$6000 Nor Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds.... 113 00
$4000 Oceanic S S bonds 104 75
$1000 S F &. S J . V bonds, s 3 115 00
Street—
20 Bank of California 404 00
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds 123 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 5 12ft
10 Giant Powder 94 00
40 Giant Powder 94 12H
30 S F Gas & Electric 50 00
10 S F Gas £i Electric 43 87^
"10 Oceanic S S Co ." 94 CO
25 S V Water 92 60
150 Vlgorit Powder 3 25
100 Vigorit Powdor 3 37^i
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas B 12Vi
25 Giant Powder 93 73
10 Hawaiian Commercial SS 00
23 Oceanic S S Co S3 75
20 S F Gas Si Electrio 43 75
100 Vigortt Powder 3 25
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 113 W
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Dominion 49
1000 Dominion 45
100 National 6 60
75 New Hope 1 00
. Afternoon Session.
Board —
1500 Dominion 40
1000 Dominion 45
60 National C 62« i
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning- Session.
Board—
325 Barker Ranch 1 15
200 Anaconda Oil Co 1 5.">
50 Yukon Crude Oil Co 1 70
100 Yukon Crude Oil Co 1 75
Afternoon Session
Board—
100 Caribou 105
200 Anaconda Oil Co 110
MINING STOCKS.
The following: were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session,
100 Andes 10| 500 Overman 10
100 Andes 11 • 500 Union Con 25
1000 Belcher 10! 600 Carters O M 43
150 Best & Belcher 24 500 Carters G M.... 48
100 Con Cal & V.I 42H 300 Carters G M.... 47
200 Con Cal & Va..l 40 200 Carters O M.... 4S
50 Gould & Curry 22 300 Carters G M 4J
SOO Ophlr 66 200 Carters G M.... 60
Afternoon Session.
600 Alpha Con 04 200 Crown Point 11
200 Belcher 10 200 Gould St Curry 23
200 Best & Belcher 24 500 Mexican 30
200 B«-et & Belcher 25 200 Ophir 68
600 Chollar IS 300 Potosl 21
50 Confidence 64 200 Union Con 26
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher 24! 400 Overman 10
700 Caledonia 42; 100 Potosl 22
300 Challenge 10 i 200 Unton Con 26
100 Gould & Curry 221 200 Utah 0*
Afternoon Session.
1000 Bullion 01 100 Potosl 21
300 Con Cal & Va..l 40 200 Sierra Nevada. 42
100 Confidence 66 200 Union Con 25
200 Ophlr 66 200 Utah 05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 3—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04|Kentuek — 02
Alta — OfiiLady Wash C 3 —
Andes 11 12 Mexican 29 30
Belcher 10 11 Occidental IS 20
Best & Belcher ZS 2J;Ophlr tt 6i
Bullion 03 05 Overman 10 11
Caledonia 43 45|Potosl 21 22
Chollar IS 13|Savage 08 09
Challenge Con.. 10 HlScorpion 02 —
Confidence 65 67ISei? Belcher.... 03 04
Con Cal &. Va..l 30 140 Sierra Nevada. 40 42
Con Imperial .. — 01 Silver Hill .... — 07
Con New York. — 04 St Louis — OS
Crown Point.... 11 12 Standard 1402 45
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 03
Gould & Curry. 23 24 Union Con .... 25 27
Hale & Norc... 33 40 Utah 04 05
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 22 2*
Justice 04 05
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
THURSDAY. JANUARY 4.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places, j
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Mar. May.
Opening : D 11M, 6 lIVJ
Closing 5 11% . 6 11H
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June
Opening 18 60 19 B0
Closing ....I8 60 19 26
Flour-
Opening 24 30 25 60
Closing 24 30 25 25
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Jan. S-— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes In available supplies
since the last account:
Wheat— United States nnd Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, 359,000 bushels. Liverpool
Corn Trade News, afloat for and In Europe,
decrease, 1.500.000 bushels. Total supply, de
crease. 1.141,000. *
Corn— United State* and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 650.000 bushels.
OATS— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 48,000 bushels.
Chicago Livestock Market,
CHICAGO. Jan. B.— CATTLE— Good to choice
native steers and Texans. steady; Inferior
grades, slow; butchers' stock and canners,
*trong; stockers and feeders, ¦ steady. Good to
choice. $5 40tfrf50: poor .to medium. $4 60f?5 50-
Mockers. $4 K'fM 90: selected, $4 30^4 85; good to
choice caws. $3 40@4 60; heifers. $3 2S<??5; can
ners. $2 25@3; bulls, $2 60(^4 50; calves, $4 6044
7 50; fed Texas beeves, $4 25ig5 35.
HOGS— Market 6 to 10c -lower; top. , $4 55.
Mixed and butchers', $4 25®4 55; good to choice
heavy. $4 40<34 55; rough heavy. $4 20^4 35; light
$4 2004 45; bulk Of sales, $4 40@4 43. .
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs, active, steady;
THE STOCK MARKET.
The only noteworthy change In securities
In the morning was a decline in Oceanic to $92.
The market was quiet. ,
Trading was fair in the afternoon, but fluc
tuations were Insignificant, v : ;;,
The savings department of the California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company pays a dividend of
4 per cent per annum on term deposits and 3 1-3
per cent on ordinary deposits.
The Mutual Electric Company will pay a
dividend of 8c per share on the 6th.
Semi-annual coupons on the following cor
porate bonds have been payable since January
1 as follows:
Coupon. Total
California St. Railway 6s $2 50 $22,600
Contra Costa AVater 2 50 60,000
Los Angeles Lighting 6s 3 00 30,000
Market St. Cable 6s 300 90,000
Nevada Co. N. Y. R. 7s 3 60 8.750
Northern Ry. ' Cal. 6s 300 154,6»0
N. P. Coast Ry. 5s 2 50 22.700
Oakland Transit 65... 3 00 42.000
Oakland Water 5s 2 60 37.500
Oceanic Steamnhlp 6s 2 50 15.C23
Park and Cliff House Ry. 65.. 3 00 10.500
Park and Ocean Ry. Cs 3 00 7.500
S. F. and N. P. Ry. 6s 2 50 109.525
8. F. of Arizona Ry 6s 8 00 300.000
Total $901.250
In addition the quarterly Interest on the
United States 4a of 1907 Is now payable, amount
ing to $5,595,892.
Sales on the Bond Exchange ¦In 1599 were
$fi,095,140 in bonds, against $4,002,800 in 18DS,
and C 69.273 shares of stock, against 611.550.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 35c per share on the sth.
The Gas Consumers' Association will pay the
usual dividend of 15c per share this month.
The Market Street Railway and the Sutter
Street Railway companies will pay the usual
quarterly dividends of 60c and $1 25 respec
ts ely on the 10th.
The Marln County Water Company will pay a
quarterly dividend of 75c per share this month.
STOCK AND ' BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 3—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask.i Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— ICentL&P.... 5 6
4s quar coup.. — — Eqult G L Co.. — 64
4s quar reg... — 114% Mutual El Co. — 15
4s quar new... — — .OG L & H 42 —
Is quar c0up.. 109% — Pac Gas Imp.. 43% 47',j
Miscellaneous— Pac Light Co. — 41
Cal-at Cab 65. .115 — SFG A. E.... 49^ 60
C C Wat ns 106 107 San Francisco. 3*i 4
Ed L& P 65.. 130 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 115 — Insurance—
Geary-st R 6s. — 95 Firem's Fund.. 22o 230
HC & 9 5>4c..H2 — Bank Stocks—
HC & S 55....106 Vi — Anglo-Cal Ltd. (S —
LARy 6s — — Bank of Ca1. ..404 —
LAL Co 55.. — — Cal SD & T.. — 93
do gntd 65... — — First Nat10n1.,2524 —
do »rntd 55... — 102 Lon P& A 131 132%
LA& P R os.lol 103VJ Merchants' Ex — IS
Market-st <i«... — 127 Nev Nat 8k... — 190
do Ist m 05. ..116 — Savings Banks— .
NUN O R 7s. — — Ger S& L — —
NR of Cal 6s. — — Hum S& L — —
NR of Cal 85.113 — Mut Say 8k... — —
NPCRIt 65.10U4 — 9 F Say U.... — —
NPC n R ss. 105 — Pay & L Soc... — —
NC R R 05. ..109 — Sec Say 8k.... — —
OGL & H 65.108 — Union TCo — —
Oak Tran 65... 112 . — Street Railroads-
Oak WCo 55:.105 — California .....117V4 —
Ocean S S 55. .1044105^ Geary-m .. 50 — '
Om C Ry 65... — 126^ Market-it Ry.. 60H —
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Jan. 3— May wheat opened Vie
under yesterday at 70c, a loss attributable to
the irresponsive attitude of the Liverpool mar
ket Trade was dull throughout the session,
and the volume of business light. The break
was checked temporarily on Bradstreet's an
nouncement of a decrease In the visible of
1.141.000 bushels and the small primary receipts.
May advancing to 70Hc. The general lack of
demand and selling orders from London drew
away the support later and the market slumped
under puts. May to 69% c. The close was »»@Hc
lower at 63%'&C9?»c, the market having reacted
a bit on buying privileges and scattered cover
ing by ehorts.
Corn was fairly eteady In the face of the
break in wheat and provision markets. May
closed He under yesterday.
Oats were steadied by some erport sales.
Mar closed a phade down tv Z3Ti@24c.
Provisions were generally weak but became
barely steady at the decline. The Influences
were large hi">g receipts and lower prices at
the yards. May pork closed 12V4c down, May
lard 10c lower and May ribs 5@7MtC down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
street to-day prices were weak on account of
Berlin selling.
Americans declined H to 1 point.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financlaf cablegram says:
The markets here were cheerful at the opening
to-day, but they fell off on the relapse of con
sols from S9Vi to Vi l ,i on the Issue of 2,000,000
of local loans stock, 3 per cent, at 97V4.
American securities began weak and fell
steadily on heavy sales by Berlin, where th«
bank statement made a bad showing. There
was also profit taking here and sales from New
York. The closing was flat, the lowest prices
being reached In the street. Louisllle and Union
Pacific were the weak features.
Spanish 4"s were 65V1; Tlntos, 45%; Anacondas.
8 7-18; Utahs, 66 1 *; Boston, 1; A vinos, Hi.
The Bank of England bought £16,000 gold In
bars. The week's Influx of specie was £2,379,
000. Money was easy.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. 3.— Canadian Pacific 944:
Union Pacific preferred, 77*4: Northern Pacific
preferred. 76%; Atchlaon. 20%; Grand Trunk.
7; Anaconda. 8%; bar silver steady, 27d per
ounce.
Boston Wool Market.
Steamer Movements.
ton Western lambs, S6 10; native wethers, $4 35
@o; lambM, $4 50@6 Western wethers, $4 iO@i 40;
Western lambs, $5 6006 10.
Receipts— Cattle, lo,000; hogs, 47.000; sheep,
20.C00." ' ¦ ' , ,
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1900.
Young America, 12H®13c; Eastern, 15%®
16c: Western. 13H®15c per lb,
EGGS— Quoted at 26@30c for store and 3:037Hc
per dozen for ranch. . Eastern — Cold storage,
]>f/l9c for- firsts and -lac for seconds; fresh.
22«?2»C. : V - »
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There Is nothing new In thl« market, sup
plies of all descriptions being ample.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples — 35@65c per box for common, 75Ct?$l
for good, $1 25® 1 60 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $480®7;
Coos Bay Cranberries, $1 BO per box.
Winter Pears, nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 60«2 25
per box; Seedlings, 65c® 51 25; Pomelos, $i@3;
Lemons, $I@l 50 for . common and $2@2 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4@4 50: Califor
nia Limes, nominal; Bananas. $1 50@3 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4V4c for
40-50's, 4®4Uc for 50-60's. 3>4c for 60-70'b, ZV*e
for 70-SO's, 3c for 80-90's and 2?ic for 90-100*8.
Aurlcots, llifrl2e for Royals. 12 ]^<3!16c for Moor
parks and 12014 c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5@
6%c for Standards, 6<g6V4c for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches, 12>^@15c; Evaporated
Apples, 7@7»ic; Sun-arled, BfrS'/i per lb; Necta
rines, BV4@9c per lb for red; Pears. 6tt#Sc for
quarters and B©loc for halves; Black Figs, 3®
3%c; White Figs, 4@6c; Bleached Plums, B©9c;
Unbleached Plums, 7@7V4c for pitted and IVic
for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per It. &%c; choice, 7M!c; standard, 6V4c:
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes.- sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, s>^c;
3-crown, 6'^c; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers,
2-crown, $1 SO per box; 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8®10c: Walnuts, 509 c for
standards and 9@loc for shoftshell; Almonds,
114@12c for paper-shell, 9^loc for soft and Op
Be for hard shell; Peanuts, s%f?S?4c for Eastern
and 6c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7H@Bc; Fil
berts, 12@12',4c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$4 50®6.
HONEY— Comb. livs@l2c for bright and 10H@
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 7Vi
@Sc; light amber extracted, 6*i@7c; dark, 5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9Vic per lb for
h*avy, 9%c for light medium, lO^c for light,
12V4C for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12«M2%c: California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13; Family. $14: extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear, $17 50; Mess, $16 50; smoked Beef,
14@14V4c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\4c per lb for com
pound and 7^4c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 8c;
10-lb tins, BV4c; B-lb tins, B»ic.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%®7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIa and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, ll%c; medium, lie; light, 10V4c; Cow
hides, He: Stacs. 7Vic; Salted Kip. lOVic; Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, sound, lSglSVic; culls and
brands. 15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry Calf,
20c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 2D®3sc each; short
Wool, 35@M>c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
$ligl 25 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 254f2 73 for
large and *1 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 2,
4c: reflned, 6Hc; grease, 2V4c
WOOL—
Fall cllo. San Joaquln plains, 9®loc; South
ern. S@H>c; Middle County. ll<S'l3c: Humboldt
and Mendodno, 16017 c; Eastern Oregon. 13316 c;
Valley Oregon, lS®2oc; Northern Mountain, free.
ll@14c; ! Northern Mountain, defective, 10@llc
per lb.
HOPS— €t?9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There i* considerable divergence of opinion
among dealers In regaid to the price of Hogs.
From different eources, however, .It appears
that there Is no real scarcity, though the mar
ket Is not well stocked by any means.
BEEF— 7(67 I ,jc per lb lor Steers and 6H@Tc
for Cows.
VEAL— S<3IOe per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®7V4c; ewes. 6%»7c per
pound.
LAMB-S^S^c per lb.
PORK— LIv» H"cs. 5%P for small. RN.C for
medium and GUffS's*: for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. slt@s',*c; dressed Hugs. 7<&SHc. ."*
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, TQV.ic; Wool
Bacs, 2St?3oc.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle,
$7: Bryant. $7: Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $S;
Co-operative Wallsend, $S; Scotch, ; Cum
berland. $10 In bulk and $11 50 In Backs: Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel. $3 50 per
ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlnz Com
pany quotes, tprms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c;
Powdered, l%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry
Granulated. 4%c: Confectioners' A, 4 7 ic; Cali
fornia A. : Magnolia A. 4Hc; Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4'.ic; barrels, l-16c more; half-bar
rels, Uc more: boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags. He
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c;
boxes, 5%c cer lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 3.
Flour, qr sks.... 9, 430 j W001, bags 40
Wheat, ctls 6,4oo'Hay, tons CO
Barley, ctls 5,860 Pelts, bndls ..... 187
Rye. ctls 650 j Hides, No 600
Oats, ctls l,33OiLime, bbls 91
Butter, ctls 263 1 Eggs, doz 6,000
Cheese, ctls 106i Sugar, bbls 372
Tallow, ctls .... 220 1 Sugar, sks 720
Corn, East, ctls.. 6lH> Quicksilver, flsks 192
Bran, sks 1,000 Chicory, bbls .... 6
Middlings, sks .. 1,000 Leathor. r0115.... S3
Beans, sks ....... 323 Wine, gals 23.100
Potatoes, sks .... f>l2 Brandy, gals 23,550
Onions, sks 115
OREGON
Oats, ctls -1.310 I
WASHINGTON,
Flour, qr sks l,3ooPotatoes, sks .... 170
Oats, ctls 900 I
New York Grain and Produce.
BOSTON, Jan. 3.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The new year has opened with a quiet but
hardening wool market. There Is no pressure
whatever to Bell. On the other hand holders
are firm In their Ideas and will not budse an
iota from what they consider to be a fair valu
ation on their stock. Manufacturers, however,
are not buying. Several of them are really
ready to take wool when offered to them
slightly under the market, but concessions are
not being made. The general belief is that the
present lull in business is only temporary and
preliminary to another period of pronounced
activity and strength. It Is thought that the
next London sales, which begin .January lt>.
will open on at least a parity with the closing
rates of the last series. If not hleher. The
situation abroad Is strong. The Bales of the
week In Bostcn amounted to 2,210.600 pounds
domestic and 235,000 pounds foreign, making a
total of 2.505,600, against a total of 2,350.000 for
the previous week and a total of 5,706,000 for the
corresponding week last year.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 3.— Clearings, »452,186;
balances, $123,224.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 3.— WHEAT— CIub. Blc: blue
plem, 53e.
OREGON. i>'4-
PORTLAND. Jan. 3.— WHEAT— WaIIa Walla,
52c; bluest em, 64c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. 2.— Consols, 99H; «ilver, 27d;
French rentes, 99f 42% c; wheat cargoes oft
coast, more Inquiry- cargoes o"h passage, rather
firmer. 3d higher; No. 1 standard California.
203 3d; English country markets, part 6d
dearer.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 3.— Wheat, firm; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, . 4%d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Scot American mixed firm. 3s 6d.
Futures, steady; January, 3s 6%d; February,
3s 6d: March, 3s 6Hd.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; March, 6s
ll%d; May, 5s mid.
m
NETV YORK, Jan. S.— FLOUR— Receipts.
1C.143 barrels; exports. 17,027 barrels. Firm In
tone and fairly active, without change from
yesterday.
WHEAT— Receipts, 6S.000; exports. .265,685
bushels. Spot, steady. No. 2 red, 75% c f. o.
b. afloat, prompt; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
79Hc f. o. b. afloat, prompt; No. 1. hard Du
luth. El%c f. o. b. afloat, prompt; No. 2 red,
73'4c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened easy at
He decline, because of unsatisfactory cables.
Hut recovering from Its depression on English
buying and fair local support, the market ruled
firm until late afternoon, when realizing de
veloped, and brought about a decline; closed
easy at H@Sc net loss. January, 73H®'3 r >;c,
closed 73Hc; March, closed 75T»c; May, 75 3-16
&75 11-16 c. closed 75% c; July, ~a%@75%c, closed
7£-%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFKEE— Futures closed steady, with prices
net unchanged to 5 points higher; total sales.
29 2riO bass Including: January, J6 10@6 15;
March, $6 30<g« 35; May. J6 40; July, |6 50; Au
gunt $6 50® 6 55; September, %i 60; October,
$6«0i36 65; November, J6 65; December, $6 SO.
Spot— Rio. firmer; No. 7 invoice, 7 13-16 c; No.
7 Jobbing, 7 7-16 c. Mild— Firm, Cordova. S@l2c.
SUGAR- Raw, steady; reflned, steady to
firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3014 packages; firm.
June creamery. 22^26%c; Western creamery,
23029 c; factory. 16@21c.
EGOS — Receipts. 5129 packages. Market firm
and higher. Western ungraded at mark, 14®
23c; Western. 24'§25c, loss off.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Steady, owing to
a light supply and moderate Jobbing demand.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
CfrCSc; prime, 6&@7c; choice. 7% SUe; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3i,4@Bc
APRICOTS— RoyaJ, 13@15c; Moorpark, 150
ISc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20®22c; unpeeled, 'M'W
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Jan. 3.— The metal market was
firmer In the main and more active to-day; the
final phases very encouraging to sellers. The
tenor of cable and wire accounts was better
and demand larger for nearly all metals. Tin
displayed leading strength, with lead a close
Fecund. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
TlN— Firm, with $25 95 bid and $26 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at J16516 60.
PlGlRON— Warrants, quiet.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 70 bid and $4 75 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 43 and for cop
per I6SISI6HC. . < ,'.
SPELTER— Easy, with $4 45 bid and 14 65
asked.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 62.000 57,000
Wheat, bushels 81.000 24.000
Corn, bushels 557.000 107.C00
Oats, bushels 341.000 208,000
Itye, bushels 10.000 1.000
Barley, bushels 112.000 32.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day The butter
market was firm; creamery, lS<B'27Vic; dairy, 17
®23c. Cheese, firm; 12@12%c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
lie.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydro«rrat>h!c Office. V. 3. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
January 3. 1300.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building: was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Board—
8
O Time Time Time Time;
% Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a H TV L. TV H TV L TV
4 ... 2.01 6.2 7:13 1.6 1:07 5.4 7:33 —0.1
6 ... 2:40 5.4 8:15 2.2 }:11 5.0 8:1S 0.4
6 ... 3:20 B.« 9:21 1.9 3:21 4.5 9:0S 1.1
7'... 4:05 5.6 10:26 1.5 4:40 4.2 10:00 1.7
8 ... 4:31 5.7 11:40 1.1 6:03 3.8 11:00 2.3
9 ... 5:4! 5.9 12:49 0.6 7:S1 3.S
L TV H W |L W 'H W
10 ... 0:01 2.7 6:33 6.0 1:52 O.li 8:47 4.0
Steamer. I From.
le.
E Thompson...] Seattle
Czarina [Seattle......
Coqutlle River., C.rays Harbor
Jeanie [Seattle
Point Arena |Foint Arena
Empire jCoos Hay
4
4
4
4
4
4
4
A. I51anchard...|Coos Bay
Columbia Portland
Bonita Newport.-...
Algoa China and Japan...
Wa-ihtenaw Tacoma.
Homer Portland
Willamette Seattle.......... ¦••••
Hongkong Maru China and Japaa...
Santa Rosa San Diego
«an Juan Panama ••
Umatiiu Victoria & Puget S<
Pomona Humboldt
Arcata 'Coos Bay.-..
Tellus : Departure Day
¦.V.'i.
n'd '
...
i
5
r,
5
S
5
4
7
7
7
7
T
7
s
Miami 'Seattle.!
Samoa I Humboldt
Jan.
I Jan.
.fin.
3
9
Crescent City... Crescent City
a
Projrreso Tacoma......
Wellington jPeparture Bay
Coos Bay [Newport
North Fork Humboldt
State of Cal.... Portland
Aloha Crescent City
Corona ISan Diego
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
I Jan.
9
»
1>
M
i»
11
Steamer. I Destination. I
Sails. I Pier.
____——*——— ,
i — . t
Pomona ....[Humboldt Jan.
Corona |San Diego Jan.
North Fork.|Humboldt..... Jan.
Coqullle Kv Grays Harbor Jan.
Aloha Crescent City. Jan.
Aberdeen .. Portland Jan.
A. Blanch' d Coos Bay Jan.
Gaelic China* Japan Jan.
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd. Jan.
tt Arena... Point Arena.. Jan.
Newburg ... Graya Harbor Jan.
San Pedro.. Humboldt Jan.
toonlta Newport Jan.
Curacao .... Mexico Jan.
Columbia ..(Portland Jan.
Acapulco ..Panama Jan.
Arcata Coos Bay Jan.
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan.
Australia ..I Honolulu Jan.
Samoa jHumboldt Jan.
Coos Bay... I Newport Jan.
Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. Jan.
State of Call Portland .. Jan.
. 4. X pm Pier »
. 6, 11 am| Pier U
. 6. tam.Pler 3
. 6
. 5. 3 pm Pier t
. B. 2 pm
. 5. E pm;Pler U
. 6. 1 pm PMS3
. «. 10 ami Pier »
. 6, 2pmiPler I
. « I
. e. ipm'Plerll
. 7. 9 amjPler 11
. 1, 10 am;Pl«r U
. 8. 19 am.F!-r 21
. 8. 12 mJPMSS
. 8. 10 am' Pier 13
. 9. 11 &m|Pler 11
. 10, 10 am Pier T
. 10. 10 amlP'.er 13
. 11. » ajn|Pler 11
. 11. 10 am; Pier »
. 13. 10 amlPlw iA
, js\ New Moon,
Su. Mo Tu. We Th. Fr. 3a. W January 1.
' i * a I s T -Jk First Quarter,
L -1 — — — — J January »¦
I g I » U H " a Full Moon,
i— — — — ~~ \*/ January 15.
14 15 16 17 18 19 20 .
i iff !Ui«t Quart*?,
II 22 23 2* 25 28 27 1L January 2a.
! 2s 29 so 81 j L«i New Moon.
I \\jJ Janiary SO.WATSON HEIR
FOUND IN FAR
OFF BRITAIN
Sister Lays Claim to
Entire Estate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
_¦ . " 908 Broadway. Jan. 3.
After nearly a year's search an heir has
come to light as a claimant of the estate
left by Alexander Watson, who died ia
this city January 16 of last year.
The estate, though its value In a peti
tion filed by Public Administrator B. C.
Hawes. who applied and obtained letters.
Is given at less than JluCO. Includes valu
able realty situated In the aristocratic
residence section of Telegraph avenua
and Thirty-second street. There was also
Borne personal property which the Public
Administrator has been authorized to se'.l
to defray the expenses of administration,
and he has now filed a petition for an
order of sale of the valuable real estate.
The proceeds of the sale. In the event of
no heir-at-law being found, would escheat
to the State, but such an heir has bt«»ri
discovered in the person of Mrs. Jane Mil
ler (nee Y/atson). residing at far-off Gran
town, North Britain. England. She Is a
sister of the deceased, from whom she h.ul
not heard for many years, and through
Attorney Darwin C. de Golla, Mrs. Mlllor
to-day had notice sprved on Public Ad
ministrator Hawes that she lays claim ta
the entire property left by her brother.
"We shall probably make •no further
move In the matter." said Attorney ac
Golia to-day, "until the Public Adminis
trator has succeeded in selling "Wa!3on'3
property at Thirty-second street. There
after we shall file a petition asking that
the whole estate be distributed to . Mr*.
Miller, who has now appeared as tha only
heir."
Death of a Spanish Embassador.
ROME. Jan. 4.— The death is announced
of Count de benomar, the Spanish Embas
cador to Italy.
Francis Schnadhorst Dead.
LONDON, Jan. 3.— Francis Schnadhorst,
who from 1885 to 1892 was the chief or
ganizer and adviser of the Liberal party,
died to-day In his sixtieth year. In "ISS7
he received 10.000 guineas and an address
from the Liberal party on the recognition
of his services. Mr. Schnadhorst ¦ retired
from active political work some year" a
ago.
Continental League Jinks.
Continental League changed its pro
gramme last night And disnensed ' with
ordinary routine business and went for a
New Year's high jink entertainment.
Music by Professor A. Slchel and his
quartet from the Clau3 Spreckels build
ing, with recitations from D. B» Hanlon.
were the principal features of the enter
tainment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of the Disease.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Fallei
to Even Help.
There has b«en discovered by the Stats
Medical Institute. 203 Elektron bulldln'g. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such in-
dications aa mucous patches In the mouth,
•ore throat, copper colored spots, chancres,
ulceratlons on th 4 body aad la hundreds o;
cases where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and th« whole skin was a mass of bolls,
pimples aad ulcers this wonderful specidc had
completely changed the whole body. Into a
clean, perfect condition of physical health.
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne brings
¦cores of sufferers seeking thla new and marvel-
ous cure and to enable those who cannot travel
to realise what a truly marvelous work tha In-
stitute li .accomplishing 1 they will send frae ta
every sufferer a free trial treatment <o that
e-rery one can enre themselves li» the privacy
;cf their own home. This Is the only known
cure for Blood Poison. Do not hesitate to
write at once and th« free trial will ba seat
sealed In plain package.
GKAPE-NUTS.
DOCTOR'S PROPHECY.
About Grape-Nuts.
Dr. J. 11. Hanaford, one of the oldest
physicians In Reading, Mass., says In
the Practical Age: "I firmly believe
that Mr. Post has rendered a greater
eervice to humanity than any other
man living In the matter of food.
"He claims -with propriety, I think,
¦that his new food. Grape-Nuts, made
from the most nourishing elements of
the grains, contains nourishment In one
pound equal to ten of meat, wheat, oats
or bread.
"From the acquaintance that I have
had with this unusually nutritious arti-
cle I am satisfied the statement is
truthful and demonstratable. I am In-
clined to believe the food "will effect
'considerable of a revolution In society,
to the extent that it is introduced."
This vtsls written by Dr. Hanaford
several months a|ro. The rapid spread
cf the use of Grape-Nuts all over the
country ha? demonstrated that the doc-
tor's prophecy has already come true,
to an extent, at least. Perhaps never
before in the history of food manufac-
ture has puch rapid progress been mad*
as -Kith Grape-Nuts. It especially ap-
peais to braSn workers.
All flrst-da«s grocers furnish Grape-
Nuta, and the Postum Cereal Co., Ltd.
Battle Creek, MJch., are the makers.
Miners Strike In Styrta.
VIENNA, Jan. 3.— Three thousand min
ers have struck for an advance of wages
In the Koflach coal district of Styrta.
BOARDMAN'S YOUNG WIFE
PRESENT TO CHEER HIM
MBS. GLADSTONE TELLS OF HEB
ALLEGED BETBOTHAL.
Many Witnesses Give Evidence in
the Breach of Promise Case and
the Defendant Speaks
of His Lands.
Aged Joseph Boardman's young and
pretty wife was an interested spectator in
Judge Hunt's court yesterday during the
hearin- of the $500,000 breach of promise
"uU Instituted by Mrs. Elizabeth Glad
«one winy thl aged Oakland mlllion
a^frs Emma Stimson of Oakland was the
firVt witness. She testified that Boardman
W^s very friendly with Mrs. Gladstone
before his first wife's death and after
that time seemed to be even more affec
"ilra^Emma Waldron, the . claimant's
daughter, testified that the old man
seemed t Q be very affectionate toward her
mother, and one day, when he entered the
room where she was seated he saw a
picture of Mrs. Gladstone and said. Oh.
there is a grand woman— a very grand
woman.'' Again Boardman visited at her
home and asked her to play on the piano.
He asked her to play "The Heart Bowed
Down " but she couldn t. so she played
him the "Black Hawk Waltz."
Mrs. Lucretla Graham said that Mr.
Boardman acted toward Mrs. Gladstone
as a man in love. H. Hassle, a Japanese
cook, testified that the couple used to go
to a restaurant where he worked and par
take ot frugal meals. •.'.'.
Boardman testified that he owned land
in about half of the counties of the State.
Mrs. Gladstone was the next and last
witness called. She testified that Board
man frequently asked her to marry him:
that he told her to have her house painted
in honor ot the event and expressed a de
sire that Dr. Dille should tie the knot.
Mrs Gladstone's cross-examination was
not concluded at the time of adjournment.
MR. BANNING BELIEVES
COLONEL STONE INSANE
MANAGER OF THE ZJLIPINOS
BUNS AMUCK.
Makes a Ridiculous Charg-e of Brib
ery and Is Informed That He
Is Committing a Felony.
Twelve Filipinos called at the office of
United States Immigration Commissioner
North yesterday morning and complained
that •'Colonel" Stone was holding them In
a starvfd condition in a tenement at. 756
Howard streeu There were seventeen of
them whom the colonel had been using in
the show buslnfss since the Mechanics'
Institute got through with them, and he
had failed to feed them sufficiently or
properly, they said, a sack of raw- po
tatoes being the extent of their larder.
Among the number are four women and
three children. . Commissioner North
placed himself at once in communication
with General Shafter, who promised to
send them home by the first Government
transport available. The Filipinos came
to San Francisco on a Government trans
port and were rffused a landing by Com
missioner North. But the Secretary of
War allowed them to come ashore for the
purposes of the Mechanics' Institute' Fair
last. fall with the understanding that they
were to be sent back to the Philippines by
the next transport. •
Colonel Stone called upon Assistant
United States Attorney Banning yeßter
day and displayed his Ignorance of the
true situation of affairs by charging that
Mr. North had been bribed to allow the
Filipinos to land, whereas the fact was
Mr. North denied them a landing. Mr.
Banning stated that Stone told him
that he wanted to be revenged upon
North and get $.VX) o.ut of •him, otherwise
he wished to enter a charge of bribery
against him. Mr. Banning assured the
"colonel" that he was contmltting a felony
by offering to compound a felony, where
upon Stone admitted that he did not
know that he was about to commit any
offense. Stone was unable to produce
any witnesses in support of his false and
slanderous assertion, and left the office
after declaring that he would start at
once for Washington to lay the matter
before the Commissioner of Immigration.
Mr. Banning expressed his belief yester
day that Stone is Insane.
MIDWEEK NOTES
AT THE THEATERS
EMMA NEVADA'S return Is some
thing of a social as well as a musi
cal event. She will be heard In
:-~~~~~ concert at the California Theater
Monday evening and Wednesday mati
nee, assisted by Mr, Louis Blumenburg,
'cellist, and Mr. Se'.den Pratt,- pianist.
The subscription list is filling rapidly and
fortells success for the engagement.
•."The Christian" continues to fill the Co
lumbia. It will be Been for one more week.
after which the James-Kidder-Hanford
combination will present a revival of "The
Winter's Tale."
"With Flying Colors" is the attraction
at the California for the present week,
closing with a performance on Sunday
night. On Tuesday, January 9, Pinero's
"The Princess and the Butterfly" will be
given for the first time.
The production of "Chlmmie Fadden,"
which Is still 'at the Alcazar, will be suc
ceeded by "The Mysterious Mr. Bugle,"
in which Irene Everett will make her ap
pearance.
"Slnbad" is a success at the Grand and
will be continued next week with new
songs and specialties. . .
The Tivoli is doing well with, "Little Bo-
Peep.'! It will.be followed by an elabor
ate production of "The Idol's Eye."
At the Orpheum Fougere and Dorothy
Drew are proving themselves popular.
The attractions for next week are the
Sisters EHnore. who will present George
Cohan's latest piece, "Dangerous Mrs.
Delaney," • Frank Latona, John and Nel
lie McCarthy and Charles A. Gardner.
De Pachmann will be heard in Chopin
recitals at Sherman & Clay Hall this af
ternoon, and again Saturday. The pro
gramme for to-day is as follows:
Sonate, Op. 33, In B flat minor. Introducing
the Funeral March: Ballade, Op. 23. O minor;
Barcarole, Op. 60. F sharp major; Etude, Op.
25 No. 1.-A flat; Nocturne. Op. 65, No. 1;
Valse, Op. 64. No. I: three Mazurkas. Op. E«.
No. 2, Op. 67.- No. 1, and Op. 63, No. 1; Berce
use, Op. 57. D flat; Grand Polonai8«. Op. 23, A
flat major. -
Murray and Mack give a professional
matinee -of "Flnnlgan r s Ball" at the Al
hambra this afternoon. The next attrac
tion •is the Rentz-Santley Company In
"An Affair of Honor."
Gottlob. Marx Company and Belasco &
Thall will place a stock company, in tne
McDonough Theatre, Oakland, opening
about the Ist of February.
The feature of the amateur performance
at the Chutes Theatre to-night will be
"Li' Hung Chang's Chinese Rag-Time
Specialists." . \
The sale of seats for the series of Sym
phony concerts under the direction of
Henry Holmes at the Grand Opera. House
will begin at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s this
morning at 9 o'clock.
Two More Divorce Suits Filed.
OAKLA-ND, Jan. 3.— Carrie F. Stedman
filed suit to-day for a divorce from Arthur
Stedman on the ground of desertion. John
W. Bourdette appears as her attorney.
Suit for divorce was also filed to-day by
Marguerite Kenyon. through her attor
neys. Fitch & Ormsby, against Frajik
Kenyon, plaintiff alleging failure to pro
vide as the ground for her cause of action.
Dr. Wheeler at Stanford.
BERKELEY, Jan. 3.— An Invitation has
been received by the president and
faculty of the University of California to
be present at the formal dedication of the
new library building at . Stanford Uni
versity on the afternoon of, January 11.
The Invitation has been accepted. Berke
ley will be represented on the occasion by
President ' Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
Librarian J. C. Russell, Professor Isaac
Flagg and Professor E. W-. HUgard. . . ?:
life-saving i«>rvlce ar.d revenue cutter service.
The bill provides that after a certain length of
eervice they are to be retired on pension;
length of rervice and amounts to be allowed
them to be fixed by the Treasury llepartmetit.
Ta pension employe* of the Government who
arc seriously injured while on duty.
To increase the salary of the Assistant Ap
pra'.ter at £an FranoStco from XZU*> to $3000.
To i*?nsion Georxe W. FraehT. Charles E.
Colton an<i Mrs. Annie C. Fletcher, all of Los
Ar.geles.
By Judge Barham— For the erection of a pub
lic bullions at Eureka. CaJ., at a cost "of JlOO,
000.
To create a Perartment of nines and Mining.
•ArproprtatlnK jnoo for the construction of a
telephone between the Humboldt Bay- life-sav
ing station and Eureka. ' .'. - '
To pension 'A. P. Morble. C. P. Gallagher.
Robert B. Logan and Patrick H. Hurley, all of
California.
By Representative N*edham— To correct the
military record of John Moody of Tulare.
To »eßslon Mrs. Louise Adams of San Ber
nardino.
Increasing- the pension of George C. Bean of
Visalla to J" and that of Jacob \V. Koula of
Ontario to 100 i-er month.
Removing the charge of des<ertlon from the
military record o£ I. T. Griffith of National
City. ¦:•¦--
By R^rrefer.tatlve Waters— lncreasing th«
pension of Albert E. Meigs ot Los Angelee to
$30 jw>r month. .
liemovinjf the chars* of desertion from the
military record of Jara«-« L>orsey cf Los An-
Kelwi.
Alexander P. Merrill was to-day ap
pointed Postmaster at Campbell, Santa
Clara County, vice L. Weltzenberg, re
moved; Mrs. Mary K. Jones at Mllpitas,
Santa Clara County, vice Antonio F.
Cunha, removed. Both were recommended
by Representative Loud.
Senator Perkins to-day had passed by
tho Senate a resolution directing the Geo
logical Survey to supply Congress,with all
the information, charts, maps, etc., rela
tive to Cii4>e Nome mining district. Alaska.
Senator Perkins will to-morrow intro
duce a bill for the erection of a monument
to Commodore John D. Sloat at Monterey.
FANCY JUGGLING WITH
SALARIES AT STOCKTON
Old Positions Abolished and New
-. Ones Created at a Higher Wage
Bate.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 3.— A shrewd at
tempt on the part of the management of
the Stockton Insane Asylum, or State Hos
pital, in the polite usage which now ob
tains, to defeat the spirit of the revised
salary schedule was disclosed at a meet
ing of the State Lunacy Commission held
at a late hour this afternoon. It will be
recalled that at a meeting of the commis
sion held a month ago the salaries at all
the State asylums were cut down, the ag
gregate reduction at Stockton amounting
to $.440 per year. For example, the salary
of the medical superintendent was cut
from $291 C6 to $250, while that of his tirst
assistant was shaved down from $20S 33 to
$175 per month. Similar reductions were
ordered all down the line of employes.
The management of the Stockton asylum
to-day submitted its first salary roll since
the revised schedule was adopted. It pre
pented the claims of the mealcal superin
teudenfand his first- assistant at the old
figures. Then it proceeded to play smash
with the new schedule by advancing em
ployes whose salaries had been cut into
positions where their salaries would be as
much or more than they had been before.
The new' schedulo abolished the position
of general mechanic, salary $50 a month,
but the payroll manipulators have found
him a Jod as carpenter in the female de
partment at. JGS a month. The assistant
plumber, whose salary was cut, has been
promoted to plumber in the female de
partment at restored income. The gar
dener, whose salary of $35 had been cut to
$30 by the recent master stroke of econ
omy, has found a new job as orchardißt
at $45 a month, although it is declared
that there is no orchard at Stockton for
him to look after. ?..!:
The vegetable gardener, who under the
new schedule was to receive $35 per month,
puts in a claim for $45 as some other func
tionary, and a summing up of the payroll
aa presented to-day shows that it seeks to
expend at Stockton $305 per month more
than was contemplated by the new
schedule.
The commission 13. resolved that if the
medical superintendent and his assistants
want their pay at the old rate they must
sue for it. Action will doubless be taken
to upset the promotions made by the man
agement aa a subterfuge for insuring a
return to the original salaries. '.-;; >.¦;.-.
9
WOMEN'S CLUBS TO UNITE.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3.— For the pur
pose of forming a State federation of
women's clubs a convention will be held
in Los Ancelcs January 16. 17 and 19.
While the women's clubs in the northern
part of the State have objected to a
State organization, fearing the Identity
of individual clubs would be lost in the
larger organization, this fear has been
eliminated, and at a preliminary meeting
to-day gratifying reports came from San
Francisco saying that a State federation
is desired. Mrs. Robert J. Burdette is an
enthusiast on the subject. On her recent
visit to Sap Francisco she succeeded in re
moving much opposition. Mrs. E. F.
Bowles and Mrs. H. D. West of the Pasa
dena Club have been appointed delegates
to the convention.
m , ¦
Burglar Captured.
WOOD.LAND, Jan. 3.— A well dressed
young man who gives his name as J. B.
Ray% and who says he recently, came from
Portland^ was caught In the act of rob
bing E. Praet'B Jewelry store about mid
night Tuesday. Ray admits that early in
the evening he stole fourteen hata and
forty caps from the Byrns Hotel sample
room.
•
Will Prosecute Ross.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 3.— At a meeting of
the Board of Supervisors to-day a. reso
lution was passed directing th« -District
Attorney, as the representative of this
county, to offer his aid. in the prosecution
of- Henry Ross, who murdered Deputy
Sheriff w. J. Ward of this county while
the latter was taking him to San Quentin
to serve out a. ten-year sentence for.bur
glary *lSfiß
Elton Chosen as Chief.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3.— The Police
Commission this afternoon elected Charles
Elton chief of police to succeed .John
Glass, resigned. - "
CIVIL SUIT FILED
AGAINST SWEIGERT
Mrs. Schmoll Charges Him With
Embezzling Money Belonging
to the Heirs.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 3.— Another move was
made, to-day by Mrs. Carotine Schmoll
and other heirs of the late Adam Swelgert
to prevent Jonathan Swelgert from acting
as executor of his father's estate.* Last
Friday an opposition to him was filed by
Caroline Sweigert, a grandchild of testa
tor, which made sensational charges of
embezzlement and attacked his Integrity.
This time the move is in the shape of a
civil suit and attachments by Mrs. Caro
line Schmoll, for herself and also as as
signee of four ' children of a deceased
brother; The action was commenced in
San Mateo County, and to-day Sheriff
Langford and his deputies were busy
muking wholesale attachments of inter
eats and property of Jonathan Swelgert.
In the suit Mrs. Schmoll seeks to re
cover $12,500 alleged to be due her and-for
$12,500 more. a? assignee of Carrie, VVi}
liam. George and James Sweigert. chil
dren of a deceased brother. It is claimed
these amounts have been due the plain
tiffs since December 29 last and are sums
collected by Jonathan Swelgert for them
but never turned over.
The Interests of Jonathan Swelgert In
nropertv at First and St. John streets,
\Vest San • Fernando, near First, Second
and Julian streets, and six lots in Cook
and Branham Addition, this city, have
been attached, also the Sweigert estate
property in San Francisco and $37,000 cash
in the bank.'- • , .
In the opposition, presented against
Jonathan Sweigert being granted letters
of administration on his fathers estate
he Is charged with having appropriated
J25.000 collected as rents and profits of the
estate to his own use and also with re
taining $70,000 received for sale of a build
ing belonging to his father, and the suit
fild in San Xlateo is evidently based on
these transactions.
The fight oVer the administration of the
Adam Sweigert estate will be a long one
and the nearly half million estate of the
old pioneer will shrink considerably before
the attorneys are through with it. •
ELMEB NICHOLS MISSING.
•Discovery That He Has Sold Dupli-
cat© Salary Warrants.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3.— Elmer Nichols,
a deputy in the office of his brother.
County Auditor T. E. Nichols, has not
occupied his desk for two weeks. He went
away on a vacation, and in his absence it
was discovered that he had sold his salary
claims to various persons for many
months in advance, that, now prove to be
duplicates. • '
It is understood 'that he has employed
this method of raising money for many
months. The full amount is not known.
Nichols has a daughter by a former wife,
and was engaged to marry a young
woman well known in the northern part of
the State. The missing man is a eon or
John C. Nichols, the tirst Mayor of Los
Anceles. and a brother of D. B. Nichols, a
well-known, mining engineer residing in
Mexico.
Hartford Again Afloat.
' VALLEJO, Jan. 3.— The Hartford was
floated out of the drydock to-day, where
she has been detained for nearly three
months. The detention was caused by the
discovery of unsound outside planking by
Naval Constructor Hlbbs, who was deter
mined that the Hartford's condition
should be as good as her record when the
construction department was through
with her. The Hartford is now in prime
condition.
Incendiaries in Tuscon.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Jan. 3.— At daylight fire
destroyed" $10,000 worth 'of lumber in the
Tucson Lumber Company's yards. The
fire started in five different places and
was no doubt of Incendiary origin. This Is
the second fire under similar circum
stances in these yards within a month.
Inquest on Thomas.
..MERCED. Jan. 3.— After examining the
witnesses the Coroner's' Jury In the case
of, Charles A. Thomas, who was shot on
Wednesday last by the girl he had de
ceived, rendered the .following verdict:
"That Thomas came to his -death Vy a
gunshot wound 'inflicted by Miss-Silvey
while under extreme mental strain.'..' Miss
Sllvey dldnot appear a,t the Inquest, but
was represented by her attorney. J. w
Knox.
DROWNED WHILE HUNTING.
Frank Hausmann of This City Meets
Death Near Fairville.
SONOMA. Jan. 3.— Frank Hausmann
was accidentally drowned near Fairvllle
at about 10:30 o'clock this morning while
out hunting. He was standing erect In
a boat preparatory to making a shot *hen
he lost his balance and Ml into the water.
His home is In San Francisco, where he
worked at his trade as carpenter. He
was a native of Michigan, about 35 years
of age and unmarried. The body has not
been recovered. • •
ROYAL YACHT VICTORIA
AND ALBERT DAMAGED
Attempt to Float the New Craft at
Pembroke Proves TJis-.
astrous.
LONDON, Jan. 3.— An attempt made to
undock me new royal yacht Victoria and
Albert at Pembroke this morning proved
disastrous. Immediately after she floated
the yacht listed thirty degrees to port
and starboard bilge keel became
lammed The strain was so great that
lh?™« sixteen Inches square used In an
attempt to prop her were doubled up and
Sn Tne^U ex "nVo^Thfe damage cannot yet
be ascertained, but tt is understood that
the coal bunkers and bulkheads are
twisted, the engines 'trained and the bot
tom plates bulged inward. A , lar **-S a " s
of workmen is employed sheering the \e-s
sel so as to prevent her capsizing and 300
tons of Iron ballast have been taken out.
It is hoped that the yacht may be go» out
to-morrow. ' ,
Burglar Sullivan's Appeal.
OAKLAND. Jan. 3.— C. C. Sullivan, the
Alameda burglar, whose pal. Bert Will
more, was shot and killed, appeared he
fore Judge Hall again to-day for sentence,
but the matter went over another week,
Atmrney Crowley stating that he desired
further time for preparing a bill of excep
tions on appeal.
Foster's Condition Critical.
OAKLAND. Jan. 3.— The Improvement
noted last night in the condition of John
A Foster who was run down by a trolley
car New Year's day. was not evident to
day Foster is still delirious at times and
food Is administered with difficulty. The
Receiving Hospital physicians give out no
hopes. • ••.-•;-
Deacon Is Fined.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— Police Judge Smith
to-day denied a motion to set* aside the
verdict in the case of Thomas Deacon,
who was Saturday convicted of gambling,
and sentenced Deacon to pay a fine of
$100, with the alternative of going to jail
for fifty days. Attomeja Frlck. Church
and Pulclfer. who represent the defend
ant, will appeal to the Superior Court.
Deacon was arrested in a raid on a crap
game in the rear of Joe Rosenberg's
ealoon.
ENGINEER WILSON TO
SUE FOR A DIVORCE
OAKLAND, Jan. '3.— George L. Wilson,
engineer of the "Owl" express and well
known throughout the State as a promi
nent member of railway labor organlza
tldns, will to-morrow file suit In the Su
perior Court for a divorce from Sarah E.
Wilson.
The complaint prepared by Attorney
Hugh Shatter Aldrich and signed by En
gineer Wilson to-night alleges simple de
sertion. The parties were married twenty
years ago at Berenda, Madera County,
where Mrs. Wilson in her palmy days
was a social belle of considerable distinc
tion. The fruit of their union was five
children, several of whom are now also
married, and the couple through frugal
habits of economy have amassed a for
tune amounting to about $25,000, chiefly in
real estate situated in Tulare and Merced
counties.
According to the complaint, Mrs. "Wilson
suddenly, one day about a year ago, de
serted her husband and returned to her
wealthy parents at Berenda, ! where she
has resided ever since. Engineer Wilson
asks that tne community -property be
divided.
Eight Years to Reform School.
OAKLAND. Jan. 3.— Judge Hall to-day
sentenced Freddie Canning, aged 13 years,
to spend the remaining eign.. years of his
minority at the Preston Reform School.
The boy was convicted of a criminal as
sault upon a little Alameda girl named
Mary Ewing some months ago.
REMAINS OF MRS HALL
LAID TO REST
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Jan. 3.
The fur.eral of Mrs. Maud Noyes Hall.
late wife cf Frederic W. Hall, the attor
ney, took place this afternoon at three
o'clock from the family T( sld^nce at UJft
Grove street. It was largely attended be
friends of the deceased and the rooms
were filled with f.oral offerings.
The frvlc^s were conducted by Key.
'Robert Ritchie, rector of St. 'Paul's Epis
copal Church, cf which Mrs. -Hall was a
prominent member. After the ceremony
the remains, followed by a- long funeral
• cortege, were borne to the receiving
vault at Mountain View Cemetery, where
they will remain until forwarded to the
former home of deceased In Washington,
D C. The pall-bearers were Frame
Brown. Charles Allen. Frank M. Smith. J.
Acker. Charles Houghton. Karry Gordon,
gylvatias Famham and H. C. Taft.
WHEELER SAYS MOST
POLITICIANS ARE HONEST
OAKLAND. Jan. 3.— President Benja
min Ide Wheolor of the University of
California lectured this evening at Hamil
ton Hall under the auspices of the Board
of Trade. He takes a highly optimistic
view* of the future of this republic, but
said that in a republican form of govern
ment politicians must of necessity exldt.
He took the stand that all men should be
in politics so far as it Is necessary to con
trol public affairs for good.
"People in a republic." he declared,
"must be ready to conform to the wishes
of the majority. Many difficulties con
front the nation at present, but I am con
fident that a satisfactory solution will be
worked out before the "end of the year.
Politics and politicians are necessary. We
must have them. They are a component
part of our government, and I think the
majority of them are honest."
FIFTY YEARS A
RESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA
NILES, Jan. 3.— A unique Christmas
celebration was held at the old family
home of the Tyson family in Niles, when
Mrs. Emellne Tyson, surrounded by a
large family of children and grandchil
dren celebrated her fiftieth Christmas
day In California. Of the thirty-faur
guests who were present twenty-six were
her direct descendants and the others
were all closely related to her. among
them being her two brothers. Not the
least Interesting thing connected with the
dinner was the fact that Mrs, Tyson, with
her own hands, prepared the old-fashion
ed Christmas dinner which the guests en
joyed.
Mrs. Tyson is the widow of the late Wil
liam H. Tyson and is 71 years old. They
settled on the old homstead. where the
celebration was held. In 1843. Those pres
ent on this occasion were: Mr. and Mrs.
W H. Tyson Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Tyon Mr. and Mrs. John Tyson. Mr. and
Mrs David Tyson. Mr. and Mrs. Ben
jamin Tyson. Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Mor
tensteln. Mary Fitzgerald, David and
Percy Morrison.
SHE WAS A VICTIM
OF THE TROLLEY-CAR
OAKLAND. Jan. 3.— Catherine Geary,
to-day filed suit against the Oakland
Transit Company for the recovery of $5000
damages for alleged personal injuries, to
gether with $131 70 for medicines and med
ical treatment. According to the com
plaint prepared by Attorney J. L. Geary
Jr.. plaintiff, while in the act of alighting
from an electric car at Twelfth and Chest
nut streets, Oakland, was violently thrown
to the ground by reason of the car sud
denly starting without warning to plain
tin*, whereby she sustained severe and
painful injuries to her right leg and ankle,
and her nervous system was greatly
shocked. Incapacitating her from perform
ing her home duties.
ANOTHER HONOR FOR
PRESIDENT WHEELER
BERKELEY. Jan. B.— President Ben-
Jainln Ide Wheeler of the University of
California' received a letter from the
East to-day apprising him of another
public honor which has recently been
conferred upon him. Lrfist week he was
•cJlofen corresponding member of the
Imperial Archa»*oloelcaJ Institute of Ger
¦niatiy. This morning a note arrived from
General Secretary F. Stanley Root of the
American Social Science Association, an
nouncing that the president of the State
University . hnd had an honorary mem
bership in that organization conferred
uprort hten by nomination of the executive
Council. >:
The American Social Science Associa
tion is one of the. oldest scientific socie
ties in the United States, its work being
known cizipfy through its publication,
"The American Journal of Social
.Science." Membership in it ccnstltuu-s
at ihe came time membership in the Na
tional Institute of Art. Science and
Letter*. The president is Charles Dud
ley Werner. »nd it numbers in its ranks
the most eminent men of letters, artists,
scientists and scholars in the country.
followed by the request for Clark'3 res
ignation. When asked whether she had
advised Miss Hlpklna not to Join the choir
she said: Qt&&
"I always advise my pupils to be careful
as to what choirs or singing societies
they join when they are beginning to sin*.
I Intend to keep on doing so ana I don't
want to be stepped on, rolled in the mud
and then have It rubbed into me."
Mrs. Clark Is deeply moved by the treat
ment accorded her husband, yet finds con
solation in the expressed appreciation of
members of the church that they are
sorry for what has happened.
Mrs. J. Alexander Campbell declares she
did not consider Mr. Clark's remarks tib-
Jectlonable. and Mr. Rowlands refuses
to be interviewed on the subject.
THE NEW PRIVATE SECRETARY
VICTOR H. HENDERSON.
tf=^\ ERKELEY. Jan. 3,-Victr.r H.
C' — ik Henderson, the newly elected prt
)) vate secretary of President Ben
" jamin Ide Wheeler of the Univer
sity of California, assumed hl3 duties
on the first of the year. The position
was created by the regents and Mr.
Henderson appointed thereto at their
last meeting of the old year. The ap
pointment Is a popular on© at the uni
versity, for ¦ Mr. Henderson has made
himself an Important part of the new
organization of the university. Since
President Wheeler has been in charge
Mr. Henderson has been in charge of
the press work of the university and has
been doing much work that should fall
upon a secretary, and it was finally de
cided to reward him with the position.
Mr. Henderson is a newspaper man.
He has been assistant city editor of the
Los Angeles Times and has done much
newspaper work of various kinds,
though he is still a young man.
T7 IVERMORE. Jan. 3.-The friends - > .^V
of John R. Merchant In this city •'
L /; r ' rp m Pleased with h!s- record as >''\ ?/ W»k '
7 a !!f< * " aver that th * v tendered .;• :¦¦¦/.££%< :rt^~'';. y^M*m®^
h!m a Christmas banquet In recognition ' /*« - Ha *£***> ¦ t4>*«P^&
of what ho ha« done at different ' tinrvj / * &£ss&'¦ "- , iMMsim
in his career. The «ory of how Mr. /f-'V KS^M|'Jem^^^l
Merchant saved the life of Nellie Parker £ v iS^S? - «feJ« «?4
at Sacramento last spring ha» already O tCPWS- "^ ' : ' /; ;^^^l
been told, and it was some weeks ago t^ ' 'j^^^^M
that Charles Parker of Sacramento s~nt ; '^^^^^
2>lr. Merchant a har.dsome gold naed?.! In fy^jp* 1? •*d^^* Jw^pSJEBiK
more, has been the recipient of many V^'^ i ljtm^^^^? i ' < T^^l^Bm
ct -cratulatlons end his friends save hf:n PK|lTO^Hpp' : ' ¦ Sgtfr"?WJH
the testimonial banquet ts their recog- gjßß|BCg^: :^k^CTfe~ ; v fljM!i&sB&s
The life of the Parker girl 1* not the
<-r.lv one That Mr. Merchant has to h!s 7 ' £*&%&& '
cr*--".!:. Some years npo he rosrv.d John JB^F^^F
Aylward Jr. from the hole In
the Arroyo Moucho, near Llvermore, an '.
the came year he drew Bert Worth from
the same place In time, to save his life.
Ralph Bangs and Walter Hunter have
both been rescued by Mr. Merchant jowv w mprpuavt
from probable watery graves an£ the JOHN *¦ MER CHANT.
young Ufa saver has a long series of heroic acts standing to hl3 credit.
JUDGE OGDEN'S
HOLD-UPS WERE
BOYS ON A LARK
They Shouted "Merry
Christmas."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 90S Broadway. Jan. 3.
The "hold-up" of Superior Judge F. B."
Ogden on Christmas eve has been a sub
ject of gleeful Jibe notwithstanding seri
ous police Investigation since his Honor
reported that two men with revolvers had
tried to stop and rob him.
Xow it seems that Judge Ogden was not
held up at all and that the highwaymen
with revolvers and masks were, only three
boys on their way home after a Christmas
eve celebration. The robbers who wanted
eitheY the money or the life of the Judge
were largely creatures of his imagina
tion.
When the case was reported to the
police searching parties were sent out in
every direction and the neighborhood,
which is well populated, was thoroughly
searched. As a result of the search two
tramps were captured near San Pablo
avenue and three boys were found about
two blocks below the convent.- These boys
told stories that showed conclusively that
Judge Og-den had mistaken them for rob
bers.
Filled with the spirit of the holiday
they determined to surprise the lone rider
whom they saw approaching. When op
posite the convent they met the man in
the buggy and with wild shout they
wished htm a midnight "Merry Christ
mas." There was some waiving of arms
and acrobatic efforts that startled Judge
Ogden from his probable reverie as to
whether or not a man should be per
mitted to remain out late at nights. .
"We saw the man hit the horse a lick
and drive on hard, and after a little while
he came back with a policeman in the
buggy and began to look around," ex
plained the boys to the police.
This is Just what the Judge did and it
Is now becoming known that Judge Og
den's stand-up was merely the boisterous
Jest of some boyish revelers, who suc
ceeded only too well in trying to startle
their victim.
"I do not want to say that Judge Ogrden
is not right," said Chief of Police Hodg
kins, ll but our men found three young
fellows who admit having acted just about
as Judge Ogden said the highwaymen
acted. The inference is that Judge Ogden
may have been mistaken, though I do not
say that this is so."
SAID "KNOCKERS,"
AND A SINGERS'
WAR WAS ON
Oldest Church Choir
in Disruption.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 3.
Because of a remark about "knockers,"
which was casually dropped by a choir
member of one of the leading churches In
Oakland, a singers' war has been Inaugur
ated that may end In the disruption of
the First Presbyterian Church choir— one
of the oldest organizations of its' kind in
Oakland.
The trouble arose over a most trivial
matter, yet, as a result, Benjamin Clark,
for twelve years choirmaster r.t the First
Presbyterian Church, was asked for and
tendered his resignation which was
pronlptly accepted. Moreover, two other
prominent members of both church and
choir have also resigned, an<i the church
trustees have been taxed to their utmost
to keep the affair from reaching the mem
bers of the congregation and the gencril
public. Where the war will end is a mat
ter of darkest conjecture.
The innocent cause of the crash is Miss
Grace Hipkins, daughter of Dr. Henry
Hlpklns of this city. It appears, from all
accounts, that Mlbs Hipkins had been in
troduced to Choirmaster Clark by Miss
Aimee Mervy as a young lady possessed
of a sweet contralto voice and an ambi
tion to attain distinction in the world of
music. The question of Miss Hlpklns'
qualifications as a candidate for member
ship in the choir was based by the choir
master upon the condition that her Voice
prove satisfactory. On the following Sat
urday evening the young lady's voice was
to have been tested, but she failed to keep
the appointment. Her absence was men
tioned the next day at a meeting of the
quartet of the church choir, consisting cf
Mrs. J. Alexander Campbell, Mrs. Carrie
Brown-Dexter, Ben Clark and i Clement
Rowlands. An intimation that Miss Hlp
klns ¦ had been dissuaded from attending
rehearsal by Mrs. Dexter met with an ad
mission. Then the expression "that th»re
are evidently knockers in the choir" fell
from the lips of Choirmaster Clark.
The effect was like that of a thunder
clap from a clear sky. Mr. Clark was
asked "if he was personal in his re
marks." His answer that "if the cap f.ts,
it can be worn," brought on the storm
full raging. Mrs. Dexter and Mr. Row
lands, taking exception to the remark*,
immediately tendered their resignations
and on the following Sunday Mr. Clark
was called to dance on the carpet before
the trustees. He admitted having referred
to "knockers" and "the cap that fits."
and his resignation was asked and
promptly tendered. •¦'-.'¦¦•¦ :.- ;
Miss Hlpklns, who was entirely Inrts
cent in the matter, expresses her sorrow
that such a stormy singers' war should
have followed her failure to keep an ap
pointment. Mrs. Carrie Brown-Dexter
shuddered at the thought of making the
whole affair public, yet she volunteered
the information that she "considered Mr.
Clark's remarks in the nature of an In
sult." She declares she had no words
with Mr. Clark, but that there was a trial
and a full statement before the trustees.
HAS SAVED MANY LIVES.
DELANOY AGAIN
THREATENED BY
LETTER-WRITER
The Given Name of
Suspect Disclosed.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 3.— Another anony
mous letter was received to-day by F. N.
Delanoy. The missive this time bears
the postmark of San Francisco. There
was no handwriting. The envelope con
tained only a published picture of Mr.
Delanoy at the bottom of which were ihe
printed words in large black type, "Weak
and puny man, beware." •
In a letter published this afternoon, De
lanoy discloses the given name of the per
son whom he suspects. He addresses iilm
familiarly as Georgle. The nameless pen
man, Delanoy insists, Is well known in
Alameda. He knows no motive for the
attacks, as the suspect has never had any
difnculty with him.
The paper on which the first letter was
written furnishes Delanoy with his clew
to the identity of the suspect. It Is the
kind of wrapping paper which usually en
folds blank newspaper. Delanoy was for
merly in the paper business in San Fran
cisco. The suspect is himself in the paper
business, and it is through this fact that
he is able to trace a direct connection be
tween the man and the stationery used to
threaten him with. .-.-..
In addition to the letter to the public
Delanoy gives voluntary indorsements
from a number of his friends. They read:
A scoundrel beneath contempt.
W. W. HASKEL.U
A cur that should be kicked out of the com
munity. F. K. KRAUTH.
Chief of Fire Department. '
The anonymous letters are contemptible. I
can hardly think (hat any citizen of Alameda
is so degraded. Hunt him down.
GEORGE H. BEW.
Those letters are from some scamp who will
surely receive the treatment that he deserves.
I hope you will nail him. H. Q. EIMER.
Could not come from a man. but from a
cur and coward of the worst type.
GEORGE REXNER.
The anonymous letters are scandalous, and
must come from the brain of wme degenerate,
whose proper place is San Quentln.
E. J>. JL'DD.
When detected he must take any punishment
given him, as he has no defense.
JOSEPH MESSER.
The anonymous letters you have shown roe,
like all communications of their kind, emanate
from some cowardly cur. I hope you will ex
pose the author so that we can treat him with
the conterout he deserves.
F. H. McCORMICK.
THE S AX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1900.
OF INTEREST
TO THE COAST
Groff for Postmaster of
Los Angeles.
Special Ditratch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.— Representative
Waters reeommeridf-d to-day for Post
master at Los Angeles Judge Lewis A.
Groff. He was formerly Commissioner
of the General Land Office under Presi
dent Harrison, and his record as such
•was one of the best ever made in that
department. Judge Groff Is a well-known
lawyer in Southern California and Mr.
Waters feels that his Fflectioo will meet
with- the approval of a great majority of
the ptople of Los Angeles. Among the
other applicant? were Molt Flint, John
Koster (brother-in-law of Speaker Hen
derson), Charles A. Toll, F. J. Cressey,
J. H. Ehoulter? and Perry W. Ross.
The Poftofflce Department to-day
established the office of cashier for the
Los Angeles po?tofiice. ¦ Since his arrival
in Washingv>n Congressman Waters has
been laboring to bring this about and
finally ha* succored in convincing the
Postmaster General of its necessity.
When It is known that no more than
fifteen or twenty cities in the United
States are consider^ of enough impor
tance to maintain this office, its estab
lishment in Los Ar.ftlts may be con
sidered a great trtoapfa and a full recog
nition of the iTjmnu rcial importance of
the city. The salary is from 11500 to
tOOQ. and Mr. • Waters will recommend a
man for the place to-morrow.
The California delegation will in the
future have weekly conferences upon
legislative n-iatters pertaining to Cali
fornia. It will probably select Repre
sentative Loud, who is the oldest member
In point of service and has the confluence
of all of his colleagues, as chairman. '
Representative Metcalf will be chosen
secretary. Representative de Vries, al
though a Democrat, will be asked to pur-.
tldpate in the proceedings.
The following California bills were in
troduced to-day:
By Senator Perkins— Providing for the mire
rr.ea of officer* and rnea of the lisrhtlio'j*e and
SOCIETY MAN
ARRESTED BY
IRATE TAILOR
Hiller Allen Is "De
¦;£ tamed."
Hiller Allen, stepson of J. M. Costlgan.
the prominent wool merchant, and well
known in Oakland society, is at outs with,
his tailor and is also languishing In dur
ance vile by reason of his inability to
make good for a suit of clothes be ob
tained.
He was taken into custody In Oakland
late last night by Arthur H. Williams of
the firm of Williams Bros., tailors, at It
Sutter street, and his aristocratic name
was entered on the "small book" at tha
City Prison.
Some weeks "ago Allen clothed hl3
graceful form in natty raiment and
posed as one of the local swells. He fell
from grace last night while walking past
the City Hall. Young Williams visited
the Athenian city last night for the pur
pose of coming to an understanding with
his customer, and when he saw Allen
near the City Hall, Williams accosted,
him and invited him to step into the
Chiefs office to explain the transaction
over the suit of clothes.
AU>n was unable to explain the matter
satisfactorily to those vitally interested.
and his name was entered on the detenue
book and he .was held until Williams could
swear to a warrant for his arrest. •
It is said that Allen gave a piece of pa
per In lieu of money as consideration for
the clothes. After he had left the store it
was found that the note or check was
worthless, and Williams Brothers, dislik
ing to cause such an Illustrious person
trouble, wrote him that $50 was due them
for the garments.
Youns Allen overlooked the epistle, and
as a result the tailors decided to take
summary action. The consequence was
that Allen and his clothes were locked up
for the night. It is probable that he will
be charged to-day with having obtained
money on false pretenses.
OF THE. } \
Übat cities //
OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
[ [ or the • i ":m
9
JOHN R. MERCHANT.SAX FRANCISCO CALL..
BUFIIcrSS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Tall, corner ct Market and Third streets, cpen
ant!l 12 o'clock every right In the. year.
. BRANCH OFFICES— IT 7 Montgomery street.
' romer Clay; open until »:TO p. ra;
S!>o nay^s street; cpen until 9:30 p. n».
McAllister street; open ur.til 9:» p. m.
CIS Larkln street; oj-en until 9:30 p. m.
. !J<l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
. 2€l Market itreet, corner Sixteenth; open
JjfjntflJ p. m.
. ii* IClevrnth rtreet: cpen vntll 9p. m.
3QP6 Valencia street: open untU 9 p. n_
122$ Polk stre-t; open until » p. ra.
Northvceft corner of Twenty-second ana K.«-n-
tt:ciy nreets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES^
MISSION Charter No. 79. R- A. M-— •
SStoted m«rt:r. K THIS <THURSPAY> -#\-
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. illa."ton Ma- lt^
•onic Temple. 2C65 Mission st. Business ' »
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. L, F. and A. *
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) J\
FTVENING. January 4. at 7:3u o'clock.^fjf
Mated Rieetir.e. liy orier of the Ma*-'jV _"•
*nd Roy_l Arch degree. P.y order of the
H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
eOUTir SAN FRANCISCO Lodfce No. • •
32. F. end A. ML— £t— te4 meeting and -J\_
Instnllati n ¦¦' rfleers "MIS ITHURS- TE_tt
i)AY) iiVENING. at 7.29 o'clock. _> / >r >
J. R. GOUJSMITH. Secretary.
DORIC. Lodce "o. S6. F. and A. M.— m
Sta.ted meeting THIS (TIILTRSDA-Y) A
EVENING, at 7:3U o'clock. ]i\ u-'-" Vlf
of the Master. /^r>
order of tl»e Slacter.
C C. HARE. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. *
end A. M., FrarJdtn Hail, Fllltaore St.. _#V_
1 t. Unsh a: 1 Sutter Third D'-p-eX X
THIS BVESfXKO at 7:33. /Vi
HARRY DAEIIR. Secy.
PACIFIC Locxe No. 155. I. O. O. li_lSßsZ
F.— ln«taJ_._on of officers THIS ; §__33S£_
&T_3f_N_. Visitors coraieily in-
T. L. TUIIPIN. Noble Grand.
FRANK P. AEHWOKTH. Rec. Sec.
rRANCO-AMERICAN I^xlge No. _«|_»_W_
---. I. o O > -Inrtallatlcn ¦'. of-g2JJft=W_i
fleers TIiURSLiAI i;VENIN'<i, «_%____?
Jen. 4. 1303. at 8 o'clock. Past wWPO*^
<iracds rejjpeo'iully rwjueeted to atte:i_ lly
order of SAMTEL J. FRUN. N. G.
A. ICCX AI'gADQU. Hec Bee.
ANNUAL nreUng— Spring Vj 'ley Water Works
—The annual meeting of the stockholders of
. the Sprir.K Valley Water Work* will be held
_i the o'fice oi the company, 326 Stockton St.,
San Francisco. Cal.. tt J! o'clock m. on
'-.. WEDNESDAY, the 10th day cf January. 1900.
to elect truFtren to serve for the ensuing year
" «nd for the transaction of euch other busi-
ness as may ccme before the meeting.
'¦'. i'ELHAM W..AMES. Secretary.
fTOCKHOLDEHS" meeting— The annual meet-
• ing cf the stockliolfiers of the California Dry
l>cck Company will be hrM at the office of
the oempany. No. SC2 California street, San
l>ajicisco. Cal., en MONDAY, Janusry 8.
1M)O, at 11 o'clock a. m., for the fiurpose of
fleeting a board cf directors to serve for the
ensuing year end for the transaction of such
ether bnsinesj us may proper'r come before
the meeting. W. F. RI'SPFLL. Secretary-
Office No. 2C2 California st.. room 1. San
Francisco. Cal.. December 24. 1599.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ir.c of the rtockholicrs of the Wlttram l'ro-
t>eiler Company will be held at their office.
TT: Market Ft.. Fan Francisco. California, on
MONDAY, the eighth day of January. 1900,
¦t the hour of 3 r. m., for the purpose of
electfne a board of directors to nerve for the
enpuine y«r, and the transaction of such
« thrr business es may mm» before the meet-
Ing. CHARLES A. HUG. fcec.
Office. 2T7 Market et.. Fan Francisco. Cali-
fornia.
TITK. annual meeting of the stockholders of
The' Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
«'a!.. will be hold at its banking house, 201
Montgomery et..- San rraneisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January- 9. 1900. at 3:15 o'clock
p. rr... for the election of directors .to serve for
•t!:' 1 ensuing year, and the transaction of such
ether ;..-•¦>>¦ as may CMM Iwfore the meet-
ing. CW. GRANT. Secretary.
Ssn Francisco. I>eoemlv»r 9. IS?9.
AXXfAL meeting-The REGULAR ANNUAL
MEETING of the Ftockbolrtem of the Pajarn
YalUy Consolidated Railroad Co. will he Le'.d
«t the r.fftVe of the Company. 3T7 Market st..
Pan Fr?nclsco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 15th i
da?- of January. IS***, r.t the hour of 11:15
¦ ¦'. ! I'-k a. m.. for the purpose of electtr.tr a
board of directors to eene for the ensulrz
fear c.rd the transaction of such other busi-
ness sf may come befcre tlie meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on FRIDAY. January 12.
1300 at 2 o'clock p. m.
\V. 11. gASRCAM. Feerrtary.
BOHROW r,n Slarr.onds: secrecy: private en-
trßTice; rrivate rms. T'ncle Harrif. 15 Grant.
ATTOUXEYS AT LAW.
ATiVICi: free; R. \V. KING, room 15. first floor.
<"liror.lc!e building: no advance charges; all
• rases; estates, mortgages, damages, collec-
tions: bankruptcy; wills, ttc, drawn; moder-
r.te 'cok; call nr write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvat*;
no f*e without success; collections. G. W.
HOV.-J? stty at law. KA Market, cor. Stocktn.
AiJVICK fr«-e; no charge unless successful. W.
V.'. i>AV!PSON'. 22T Market St.. opp. Mason.
r. H. KESZ XUUCH. attorney at law. ha* re-
*urre<3 practice at 503 Cal. Ft.. Clunle bldg.
J.. P. CLAIIK, Knima Sprecfcrls b'dg.. 127 llar-
Icet Ft.: ccrvultatinn free: no fpe* In xdvatice.
roaro \\n rooms.
A^TlT^^uTriAxTJn^HrT^dT^XewTy^jrl j
elided dmKtcboat: thoroughly renovated and I
rspered; t-u:.ny snites and Flncle rooms; hot
wat»-r In every room; new management; ta»-
h.'.e bo_ rojen accommodated; excellent table;
will be rearty t<< re- five true^s January L
EPIjV. 12— United Ptates Hotel; rooms X\ 50
— -ef>k ur>. wl'h board 15 tb; suite for two with
bvsrd. J32; board. J4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all nlrht.
HOTEL FAIUMOUNT. 1714 Market — Elegant
• r.f* furr;turi»: f.rFt-class In every respect;
t*r.'« urtFurpßf=!*"il; hot and cold water: ele-
vator: nii'.e.-. with board for 2. JT»O month up.
NklV fair.:!y hotel: first -class in all appolnt-
m»ntr; excrlWnt tafo!». *17 California St.. oc-
cupying corner opposite Grace Church.
-NKTLY furr.iKhel room with board! home
eo^kinr: private farftily; Rer.tleman preferred.
. A(s.lrer« box 745, Call office,
HAIGHT. iZl— 2 or 3 sunny Vor.nectir.gr Dooms,
with board, tnr couple of gentlemen.
XK>WAr.T). 1!>43-P.nom and excellent hoard, J2O
p r r month; home comforts.
-nv:i/;RAVIA HOTEL." Po:k and Clay-Sqn-
¦ r.y ruiut: Lest >'oan!; for 2. {45 up; single. $20.
J.AS PALMAP.IK2O Mnrk«t Ft.— Suite of 2 or »
.rrrs.; privete; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
ygAJIRKIJU '«?— Clean com f-.rtnb'.e rooms;
.' fab _ * ab! * " r^ T ' i : fr— 1* holiday transients.
EOT.ROW on Dl«no«. furniture, diamonds
¦_ j ':fr.:<.vcr; re» r «-oy. Tnr-lo Harris. V, Grant.
no.irtn axd hooms waxtrix
mAnn *n1 ream with fire Jn private family-
. quiet. XV.x 41*2. Call. •
ANY amount to 1 , an y ,,.j m s>< arnnn fo. j ow ,„_
f»-e«t. :\v-l.r HATtRIP n Orar.t nv>
DOAXU3IXG FOtt]CIH_,DBES.
5?2_! ho^*- ¦¦-*¦ *'«--ir__M
1" !-.ir.; v-S. home; fr^t care. ;cs Fell St.
HO«;ks — rawjfAKPJOLP.
FCHO' iL I JOCK*; bOBK_tW _n_ *> «__»«____
r,ook <».. 704 Ml«sle 3 >t.. near Third:
A ?! D S *IOES. ¦¦•-¦•.'•¦,•
_rnciAL-L_<!i.V fine white bride sandals
'Vrenrh heels*; rr*cial price, only II a Dalr
P-Oi-Lirs SHOE STbßli S3L£»_*%
ih'-n A.I. 1^.,-i 5-tor-kton st.. nr. Broadway.
l!tM.\L>* (IU.',C_S.
Aj-JCO— ¦CIGAIt and randy storeprent' J2O-" very
l*>» location north of Market St.; a flret-clsjis
¦ paying business; lar«« m>c_. Call R_ v
WILKK. «<C Market Ft. "'
A-fTO-i; rnFFrn raloon ani chop house: rent
K5; «)i#n day and nigl.t _nd dolag a first-class
. r»ylr.g . . f . :¦..--. Call It. G. WILKE. DO6
«t.
A— K00; FRUIT an« grocery, with horse and <
«a_on; daily receipt* $X': rent $30; full valu« •
In KigM; a solendld chance. • Call R o
.' WILKK. *UC Market St. "" -
t?</O— PA LOON; estsblifhed rears! lease if
wanted; Market and Mason __,; first-class-
paying; vaiue of furniture end etock JIMO- a
. »pl<"nc:id Largaln. Particulars R. G WILKE
W)6 Market et. ... „
A It' 1 ; TilK leading" restaurant and oyster
parlors on Market in., close to Powell; open
day and night; clearing about $250 per month-
" lease. Call It. G. WILKE. SO6 Market st. '
A-K00; GROCERY }n Oakland, with noire and
waron; rent $10; a good paying b'Jsir.euts; all
fresh Mociw. Call H. G. WILKE. M« Market.
A-SKO; RESTAURANT, oyster juid chop
house, with rlaily r»»ceJx>ts of $30; only flrst-
claes rniceis: rent %*Z; the best location in tills
cJtr. Call R. G. WILKE. StOC Market st
A— CORNER r_loon with 7 yearn' lease Jn
»hole?rJe district; place established years;
• cieerinu from SZ?j to f<o9 r*r month; no better
offer in market. «. O. WILKE. 90S Market.
A— 1400; DELICACY store and branch bakery.
on Lr n:ln St.; rent til; good paying business;
fin* place for 2 ladles or man and wife. Call
It. G. WILICE. ?06 Market r.t.
A— *4oT>-RESTAURANT, S blocks from Market
et. ; good location: doing nloe steady business;
cicely fitted: new furniture; call and investi-
gate. ET_NE_ItQ CO.. £6Vi Kearny aC
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
WANTED— For cash buyers, butcher shop,
whole or half share; manufacturing business
vrhole or half share; cigar stand; lodging
houses. SCIfOTTLER _ CO., 632 Market Bt
$30 WILL «_rt you la well-fitted up restaurant
PCHOTTLER _ CO.. 632 Market St.
JSSO-RESTAURANT and lodging house; old-es-
tablished business: owner retiring on account
of old age. Mclaughlin & co.. 77?y
Market «t. ______
$3000— C, ROCERT and delicacy: beet town Kingi
Co. : $75 daily. KREDO & CO.. 22V> Geary st.
$SiO— GROCERY and bar at Invoice: good cor-
ner; $15 dally. KREDO & CO.. 23^ Geary st.
$1800— JALOON In Potrero, near Union Iron
Works; full value In Etock; rent $I*o month.
BASILI3. 3 Eddy st. ¦___
$700— SALOON with clubrooms close to the
Baldwin; fine location: good business; cheap
rent; snap. JONES _ CO.. £65 Market at.
1 HAVE $14,000 of preferred stock to sell In
blocks of $;00 and up; backed dollar for dol-
lar by bonds; equ_lly _s good as Government
bonds; this stock Is guaranteed to draw 6 per
cent payable in advance semi-annually, with
a- good prospect of earning from 25 to 30 pet
cent; open to the fullest Investigation. Ad-
dress box iSZO. Call office.
HALF Interest for sale— Partner wanted In
sporting saloon situated in sporting part of
town. Parties interested apply Scandia Sa-
• loon, 423 Bush st-; only small capital needed
to S— — .c improvements; piano, private apart-
ments, etc.
WANTED— To purchase, half Interest In coun-
try barber »hop. Address box, 4189. Call office.
jl^-w—WELL-ESTABLISHED delicacy store for
sale. Address box 41S8. Call office.
GOOD-PAYING mechanics' restaurant: 10 years
estab. : 6 living rooms; bargain to-day. 331 Bay.
$2iO— HALF Interest ?n dining room of hotel
having 6*)o rooms. Apply 743 Mission st.
WOOD and coal yard for Bale. COB Second st.,
near South Park.
EALOON; the best* In the city for price; corner;
elds entrance to cafe; good business and
etock: bargain. 633 Market St., room t.
BRANCH bakery and stationery Btore for sale
cheap. 1534 Mission st.
FOR sale— 3-chair barber shop and clgarstand,
cheap; owner wishes to leave city. Apply
at DECKKLMA-X BROS.. }06 Ellis at.
CHOICE business for sale at a barrain; a
beautiful assortment of opals and Mexican
antique curios. Address box 4819, Call.
NICE store, suitable for any business. 128
O'Farrell opp. Orpheum: apply 15 Grant aye.
¦ ,—, — - ¦
COFFKE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
SHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent
snd more In work. WM. HENDRICKSON
_ CO.. Cl 4 Call building.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; cpen until I p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptions baa been established at IC9S Va-
lencla «t.
A BKANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions Has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tts. ; open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY. ai*o laundry' wagon; fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. S2B Harrison.
NEWand2d-hand wagor.s.buggles.carts and har-
ness, «k _ driving horses. 13th & Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buegies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAS' _ SON. 2117 Mission at.
100 SivTS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 853-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CITY fcteara Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Eteveiiscn et. : tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 8c
ETRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
CONKLLN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye..; telephone East 128.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MllS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium, may be -con-
sulted on all affairs of 111: While entranced
the reveals every hidden mystery: she will
show you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move "family troubles: restore lost affections;
unite the Beparated; recovers lost or stolen
property; locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while in a perfect trance; catisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
203 Turk et.. nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
A— PROFESSOR MAY
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK STREET.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
moFt skeptical ; gives advice on love, business
tnd -domes-tic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; if in doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you; mediums developed in from 3 to 6
months; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered: hours, 9 to 8: Sunday, 10 to 2.
NOTICE— DR. CRAIG, California's well-known
ami successful clairvoyant physician, re-
turned and opened office? at 17, Powell St.;
consultation and examination of all diseases
free; satisfaction guaranteed In all spiritual-
istic work: readings by appointment and
special attention given to correspondents.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice in difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes Bt., r00m. 7, second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market st., trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats all diseases ; slttines $1.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
right, 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MME. LnNEMAß— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted '74 rei»cued stmr Gold. 225 Mason, r. 7.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
t«!=t, present, future, 23c. 148 Sixth Bt., r. 12.
MISS MELVILLE,' great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921V4 Mlsßion.'op.Mint.
MME. MOREAU, the beet medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay— Circle to-
nlght, 8; Tuesday, 2 p. m. : consultation daily.
MMX. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Bt. Is the original
B>|«y life reader: readlnrs. Isc. *
YOUR future told by cards. 25c «44 Howard
Ft., 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212% Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 23c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
hsnJ's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'FarreU st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GKORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 810, 927 Market st.
DOG HOSPITAL^ ~~
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore.—
Advice and medicine ~.".e; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. Weat 636.
DENTISTS.
A— DBL T. 8! HIGGINS ; Cental " parlors? 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zlnkand*-Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the beet and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold filllnes
frum $1 up; other fillings from 00c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates thai lit from
$4 V> up; open evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Synol, on applies tlon to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates; thinner
snd stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a pla. te; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 60: plates,
full set. S5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dei tt.l Parlors. 24 Sixth Et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Et.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bidg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platea our specialty; gold crowne,
IS 60 up'; plates, extractions free, $4 30 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. in.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell "rt., ex-
tracts nnd fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plater. $3; received 8 first
Prizes ; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh— Crowns bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Bt.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LO-.VEST prices In S. F.; work warranted 18
%years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor, tth.
Guaranteed dentistry, $1 per week; refer to 6000
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 6th.
6ET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
TOUNO. 1841 Polk st. . *
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc. : 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings *nd Sundays. 850 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary; dresses
mads $3 up; dresses made over; .perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' • Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. ovgrO'Connor_Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. -
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.:
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy, English
branches, cl\'ll, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; i.ew 80-page catalogue free.
ALL ttudents- but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING scbool.clvil. electrical, mining,
• mech., survey, assay, archi.; day and even.;
eat. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MISS M. -G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all da-
niantls for her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally and by mall; dayand e^ve. 302 Mcnt.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st., con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50. Includes all branches.
CLASSES in German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month. 904 Taylor st.
AOTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett, Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
SI3CURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MEKKI. IQOi Mission; vlQlln. mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College,, 305 Larkln st.. cpp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly ' taught;
prlv.or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthmetlc.grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Misslon.nr.6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 17.
THE Hitchcock School, San Rafael, for young
men and boys; Easter term begins Jan. 7.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents. The WeeWy Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. •
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Butter; tel. Black 1821.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 665 Clay st.; phone Paris 821.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all ktads
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant 38.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman. - good cook
and houseworker, $15 to $20. MR3. NORTON,
813 Sutter Bt ;
YOUNG Swedish woman wishes work by the
day. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, with S years' ref-
erences; understands all branches. MRS.
NORTON, 813 Sutter st.
SINGLE woman, first-class cook, clean, eco-
nomical and able to manage business, wishes
situation In country; wages not so much an
object as good home; country preferred. Ad-
drees 13G3A Sacramento st.
COMPETENT elderly woman wishes position to
care for Invalid: Is willing to do light house-
work; best of references. Address or call 618
Fillmore St., bet. Fell and Hayes.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman of experience: good
cook: reference; wants situation as -working
housekeeper. Call Germanla Gtfrden*, Harbor
View.
BY trustworthy woman to do housework; good
cook and worker; ¦willing and obliging; refer*
ences: $10 to $12 month. Address 79 Jessie Bt.,
bet. First and Second.
RELIABLE woman, with a boy S years old,
wishes a situation as working housekeeper.
Call or address J. G., 1725 Devleadero st., near
Sutter.
YOUNG woman with experience wishes cham-
berwork: lodging house or hotel. Address box
4546. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; good plain cook and
washer; references. Call at 206 Fifth st.
SEAMSTRESS desires position to do- second
work and sewing or chamberwork; seam-
stress. 1216 Filbert Bt.
FIRST-CLASS French and German cook wishes
position: private family; city or country. Box
4184. Call- office. >
MIDDLE-AGED American woman as house-
keeper In widower's family; city or country.
Address MRS. LEVISON. Petaluma, Cal.
YOUNG \wjman with a boy 4 years of age
wants a position as working housekeeper;
city or country. Box 4183, Call office.
LADY with fine upright piano would exchange
its use and lessons for room and board. Box
1574. Call.
AMERICAN lady wants position; Al house-
worker and cook; reference: city. Box 17,
Call branch office, 10C Eleventh st.
DRESSMAKING— A perfect fitter In tailor and
evening suits wants engagements at $1 25 per
day. 244 Taylor st.
A YOUNG lady wants position as cashier or
work in office. Address box 4187, Call office.
LADY will sew for. comfortable home: wages
no object; musical. Box 4849, Call office.
GRADUATE, nurse; country preferred; speaks
French and Ensllsh. 13.6 McAllister at.
YOUNG German girl -wishes place to assist
with housework. 116 Perry St.. bet 3d and 4th.
GIRL, 18 years old, wants housework; wages
$15. Addrt-ss 129 Perry St., .rear.
YOUNG lady wishes position as accompanist on
the piano with one or more Instruments. -Ap-
ply HID Howard st.
GERMAN girl, good washer and Ironer. wishes
work for few more days, steady, every week.
418 Powell st.
AMERICAN woman wishes work to do wash-
Ing, Ironing, house cleaning or office work.
Box 4545. Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to take care of a
child or an Invalid. Address 222 B St.. North
Oakland.
EXPERIENCED saleslady seeks position In
bakery. 1530 Folsom st.
GOOD woman wants chamberwork or any kind
by day. E. JOHNSON, 335 Fourth Bt.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes position
where she can go to college from 6 p. m. to 9
¦ p. m. ; position more of an object than wages.
Call at 1037 Howard st.
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes come more
engagements by ladles in confinement. MRS
WOLTER. 132 Sixth St.
WINCHESTER House. 4« Third et, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $160 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bu»
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
BORROW maney of the respectable and relia-
ble hou«e of UNCLE HARRIS; 15 Grain aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1?23 Polk Bt.; open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.""
BARTENDER, sober, honest; 2 years last
place; can give reference; would like posi-
tion. Please address CHARLES WILKIN-
BON, 1036 McAllister. st
AS choreman by active, elderly man; under-
stands care and treatment of horses; good
milker and gardener; reference. Choreman
107/4 Fifth St.. barber shop.
SOBER middle-aged German wants position In
private family; understands care of garden,
horses, cow, etc.; city or country; wages $15!
Address box 41SL Call. .
BARBER— Good, steady barber wants situation;
city or country; wages moderate. Address
box 1573. Call office.
YOUNG married man desires position at office
work: 10 years' experience; has a type-
writer of his own. Address box 4548, Call.
MAN of pood habits will work Inside whole-
sale house, winery or any Inside work. Box
4190. Call office. .
OLD German wants borne- In exchange for
wcrk; state kind of work expected. Box 4851
Call.
WANTED— Position by young man; 5 years'
experience In hardware and stove business
Box 4255. Call. ¦ ¦ . : .
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes situation In
private family. Call or address MOW LEE.
714 Dupont st.
WORK wanted by married man; a good engi-
neer: or anything at living wages: Address
H. H. 8.,2808 Laguna street.
YOUNG man of good address wants employ-
ment; can give reference. Address box 4824.
Call. * . - ...
HIGH-SCHOOL graduate wants position In S.
F. or Oakland. Address box 4844, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes work In machine shop to
complete trade. Address box 4201. Call office.
MIDDLE- AGED man wishes position -to run
elevator; best references. Box 4833, Call. '
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. Uncle Harris. IS Grant aye.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
A SOBER sinele man. with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good pruner
and steady worker, who knows every disease
of trees and the remedy for- It, and guaran-
i tees every tree he plants, would like a steady,
responsible ' position at reasonable compen-
sation or small wages and part on clear earn-
ings. Kindly address and give particulars,
box 7421, Call office.
RELIABLE man. understanding citrus, de-
.clduous and ornamental trees, horses, garden,
wants to care for home place; private family;
references. Address A. L. 8., 641 Bush st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements. and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore U.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cubccrlptlons has been established at IC9S Va-
lencia at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements nnd eubscrlptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptions has been, established at tha
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tncky sts. : open till 9 p. m.
.- • y EXPERT OPTICIAXS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician..
1071% Market St.. San Francteco; exam, free.
• FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK _ c67Tlii7~Majrket~st!
8 Willow ay.,6 r.516!1343 Howard, 6 r $19
1706 Mason, 6 r...., 10 2418 Geary,- 6 r 20
2037 Calif.. 5 r _J232S Fillmore. 6 r.... 25
ELEGANT new Hat: 6 rooms and ba.th; large
basement. 715 Grove st
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
¦ from BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
$11— FLAT. 4 rooms; marble mantel; folding
doors. 718 Tehama at., near Eighth.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UXCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
- FLATS TO LET — FURXISIIED.
B BIRCH aye.— 4 rooms and~bathTn7cely fur-
nished.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Sunny upper flat of 3 or 4 rooms In
this city or Oakland by mother and son.
Box 4186, Call. *
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643, Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 80x60 Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
Bt.. near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURXITURE WANTED,
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red. 3353.
ALFRED AVOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.; highest
price pnld: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
HELP WANTED AGEXTS.
THE right man to sell something new; no com-
petition; big money. H. W. PRATT. 18 Mont-
gomery st. • ¦
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
Mrs. Delia Sheridan— Please call at once.
C. It. HANSEN & CO.
FOUR more waitresses, - Los Angeles, $23, spe-
cial rates; 20 other waitresses, hotels, city
and country; 2 fancy ironers; laundryman,
$30, hotel, Southern California, special rates;
hotel housekeeper, $40; chambermaid to wait,
mining town/ $30; 25 houaegirle', city and coun-
try. C. R. liyvNSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Nursegirl for San Rafael, $20, see
lady at 10 a. m.; 6 nurseglrls, $20. city; sec-
ond girl, $25, Menlo Park; 6 second girls, $20
to $25. city; 8 cooks, German Ftyle, $25, $30;
Protestant cook $35, short distance: cook, 3
In' family, $30; 8 hotel waitresses. $20; 6 res-
taurant waitresses, $5, $6, $20 month: Protest-
ant laundress, $30: laundress, $23, institution;
a large number of girls nor housework, $20,
$25. J. F. CROSETT & CO. 316 Sutter at.
YOUNG Swedish or German chambermaid and
seamstress; must cut; $25. At MRS. LAM-
BERT'S, 41S Powell st.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 418 Powell St.— 2 nurse-
glrls, not over SO, $20 each; 4 housework girls.
$20 to $25. small families; 8 German or Danish
cooks, $30 each; American cook, middle age,
short distance. 2 in family, $30.
COOK. $30; 2 cooks, $25 each; chambermaid and
seamstress, $25: chambermaid, $15; 2 second
girls, $20 and $25; waitress. $25 and $15; woman
to sleep home, $15; mother with daughter 10
to 12 years, $20; woman for light housework,
short distance, $15 to $20; 25 houseglrls, $25
and $20. MBS. NORTON, 813 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a girl 10 or 12 years old; house-
work; $15. MISS CULLHN, 325 Sutter St.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. $25. City;
housework. $23, Bleep home. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter et.
TWO young nurseglrls; $12 each. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter. St.
WANTED— G«K>d cook willing to do small
washing and come general housework; refer-
ences. Apply before noon at 2322 Howard Bt.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers; good,
steady girls; good pay. NEWBAUER BROS.,
IS First si.
EXPERIENCED lady canvassers on salary, ad-
vertising a California production in city and
country. Address box 1001. Call.
NURSKGIRL, reliable, to assist with baby 8
months old. 2116 California St.; call between
10 and 12 or 5 and 7 p. m.
PROTESTANT woman can find good home In a
widower's family. Address J. M., box 273,
Petaluma. Cal. . ,
YOUNG German girl to tend 2 small children:
references required. Call between 11 and 1
o'clock, 1519 Vallejo St., near Van Ness.
200 OPERATORS wanted on ladles' underwear
to take work home. 723 Market St., room 33.
OPERATORS wanted In factory on ladles' un-
derwear. 723 Market Bt., room 35.
WANTED— Experienced book folders. H. S.
CROCKER & CO.. 217 Bush st.
SCANDINAVIAN and. German girls; wages $25.
$30. MRS. CATTELL, 625 Eighth St., Oakland.
GIRL or woman fcr housework. Apply at 1221
Stockton st.
WANTED— An old lady to care for baby and
assist In light housework. 981 Folsom st.
WANTED— Young girl to do light housework;
can stay home. 2016 Bryant st.
YOUNG girl; light housework; good home In
small family. 1945 Geary et.
YOUNG woman to take care of little boy and
assist In light housework. 332 Noe st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages $10 to $12. 710 Cole St.
WANTED— German or Swedish cook and laun-
dress. 2207 Buchanan at.
GIRL wanted for housework; "wages $15. Tl4
Guerrero et.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist In light
housework. 2241,£ Butter; call Immediately.
GIRLS to learn to sew on machines; paid while
learning. 723 Market St., room 85.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work. 1217 Greenwich gt.
WANTED— GirI for general houaework; wages
$15. 1630 O' Fan-ell gt.
GERMAN girl, general housework; good wages
933 Halght st.. bet. Devlsadero and Brodertck^
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 410 Kearny st., room 20.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work. 1629 Broad-
way.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure; also
girl to learn. 240 Stockton at.
APPRENTICE on custom coats; small wages.
628 Jessie st. . ¦ .
GIRL for cooking and housework; wages $20;
reference. 1533 Geary st. '
NEAT woman for light housework; no wash-
ing. 2627 A Mission st. . .
GIRL for general housework. 2G51 Howard st.
WANTED — Competent girl for housework;
wages $20. 1542 McAllister st. ' ¦-- - ¦
WANTED-^Rellable middle-aged woman; good
home; email wages. Apply 1525 Ellis Bt. near
Fillmore. ¦ „ ¦ ' ¦ - •
YOUNG woman to do housework and taiie care
of 3 children for. a widow. Apply at £07 Fil-
bert st.
OPERATORS wanted in factory on ladte9' un-
derwear. 723 Market Bt., room 35. '. .
YOUNG girl for light second work. Apply he-
tween 10 and it, morning. 2203 Buchanan Bt
GOOD waitress wanted. 528 Fourth st.
WANTED — First-clans tailoress on custom
pants. 411^ Kearny st.
¦GIRL for general- housework.' Apply al 2312
Clay Bt. . . ,
GOOD, reliable girl for general housework. Call
at 235 Third aye.; Geary-st. cars.
WANTED— Operator 'on Bonaz braiding ma-
chine. Call room 66, 14 Grant aye.
HELP WANTED — FEMALES.
NEAT girl to assist In housework; wages $15.
H. MOHNS, Morton Station, narrow-gauge,
' Alameda.- • .
•FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; also finisher;
first -class wages; steady work. 956 Mission.
BORROW, money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Couch and Grove sts.
WOMAN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36V& Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES ta learn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; hairdresstng taught In four weeks. Call
of write for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay at.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptions has been established at 109< Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-eecond and Een-
tucky st,«.; or , Pn until 9 p. m.
J^^ s |;^y^ T J^P~^Ai;ig.
•MURRAY _ READY I PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 1 a. M
26 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California $26, $25, $20 and found
25 pruners, orchards and vineyards
$26 and $20 and found
6 choremen and b0y5.... 520, $15, $10 and found
6 men to dig ditches on ranch. .s26 and found
3 choremen and farmers' wives.. $35, $30 and fd
6 laborers and teamsters, city Jobs .'
$26 and $30 and found
6 laborers fpr a mine $30 and found
173 woodchoppers, tiemakers, post and ticket
makers, $1 50, $2, $1 75 cord, 10c and 12c each;
buttermaker, milker, blacksmith's helper, '2
gardeners, private, see boss here.. s2s and fd
MURRAx _ REAPY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
WE PAY YOUR FARE SHIP TO-DAY
25' laborers for sawmills, woods, etc., $20 to
$40 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st. .
HOTEL, BUTCHER, BAKER CANDY DEPT
baker, $35 and found, country shop; 3 third
hands; candy maker, country, see boss here..
2 butchers, country Jobs $52 to $65
6 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
11 cooks, different Jobs. .s46, $35, 430. $25 and fd
dishwashers, boys for stores, other help.
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 638 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters, scraper holders and dumpmen for
. the Const Road, free fare; stonemason for the
Coast Road, $i a day, free fare; milker, coun-
try, $25. ¦
Vegetable cook, hotel, $40; neat young bar-
keeper, $40; barber for country hotel; 2 wait-
ers, hotels, $30. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104
Geary st.
O'BRIEN BROS., railroad contractors, please
wire or telephone us your address lmmedl-
ately. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary et.
WANTED— Gardener and wife. $50 to $55; buggy
washer and harness .cleaner, $35 and board;
driver for milk wagon, $25 to $30 and found;
farmers, $1 day; candy maker for country,
$12 week; restaurant cooks, waiters, dishwash-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
MAN and wife, short distance, $35 to $40. Ap-
ply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., C3O Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— A bright German boy, about 14 or
'15 years old, to learn grocery business; no
others need apply; call early. 721 Stockton st.
WANTED— Steady man to assist In light out-
door work; will pay $16 per week; must have
$100. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver and collect;
salary $!"• a- week and expenses. Address
Manufacturer. P. O. box 1027. Phlla.. Pa,
TAILOR and presser at 423 Ninth St., Oakland;
steady work.
YOUNG boy to learn trade. Apply at 141 Fre-
mont st.
YOUNG man with some experience in dry
goods. Apply 1221 Stockton st.
STRONG ¦ boy wanted In sheet metal works.
Aprjly 17 Prumm 6t.
WANTED— A first-class Implement and vehicle
salesman. Address box 4552, Call office.
MESSENGER boy; apply In own handwriting;
state age and give references. P. O. box 2048.
BARBER wanted; steady work. 219 Broadway,
between Sansome and Eattery.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
bathrooms. 120 Geary st.
WANTED— A boy at Hayes Valley Printing and
Stationery Co.. 310 Hayes st.
BOY In' drug store; honest and steady; short
hours. Box 473. Call.
SOBER steady man with small capital in good
paying business. 79 Third st.
BARBERS— 3 chairs and complete outfit at a
bargain. 911 O'Farrell st.
ACTIVE men and women everywhere to take
orders for "Life of Moody," the great evange-
list; sella at sight; sample enabling you to
make from $3 to $7 dally. by mall free on re-
quest. Address Globe Bible Pub. Co., 723
Chestnut St., Philadelphia. Pa.
RELIABLE man to drive wagon, solicit and
deliver orders at the American Clothing Ren-
ovatory, Dyeinß and Cleaning Works; small
capitnl required. Apply to GUS BERNZOTT.
ISO Eddy st.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
BORROW money on diamonds and watcheH;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction ; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorial art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month; call or write for free
¦ illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.. The only institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112 First
street.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart «t.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c to
50c. £62 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver -louse, 217 Third Bt.; 160 large
rooms; 25c per, night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade* day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at S.
F. Barber School, 741 A Howard St.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 room*. 25c night; reading room; iree
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b«en established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ' ¦
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions nas been opened
at 1223 Polk Bt. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky stß.; open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sole
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horße Market,
827 Sixth St.; auction sales. every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also gome fine matched black teams.
BUSINESS mare, $30; top buggy, $20; road cart.
Sl2; light wagon. $30. 19 City Hall aye.
FOR sal? — Cheap, brown team, 16%; 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Q. G. Aye;
ifOUSES LOUGJ.NG FOR SALE.""
• INSURANCE CUT— MONEY~TO LOAnT
$2CO0 — 20 rooms; Geary near' Powell.
$lfcoO— 2B rooms; rent $75.
$550—8 rooms— On Union Square. •
$3000—30 rooms; Sutter st., near 'Mason.
2700—28 rooms; O'Farrell, near Leavenworth
$900—10 rooms; Hyde, near Eddy.
$SoO— l3 rooms; Ellis, near Leavenworth.
¦ A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st
i RELIABLE BROKERS —
30 rooms; new house; new furniture $2000
44 rooms; corner; part cash; rent $125 2000
C 4 rooms; corner; part cash... 3900
34 rooms; part cash; corner ? 1250
S3 rooms; corner; rent $125; elegant 2000
13 rooms: piano; elegant 850
IS-ROOM house; all -new ; central $750
17-room hcuser rent $50... ; 450
65-room house; clears $450... 4000
10-room house; nice home r. 325
• 65-room house; clears $200 -. ..1800
Money loaned. Gale & Beneon. 320 Parrott bid.
18-ROOM house; all new; central.. $750
17-room house; rent $50.. 450
65-room house; clears $450......; 4000
10-room house; nice home 325
65-room house; clears $200 ...; 1800
Money to loan. " GALE, 320 Parrott bldg.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS; well furnished; rent's 49 $350
11 rooms; all rented; rent $20 275
40 rooms; line location: rent $7& 1000
100 room* at great bargain; rent $200 3600
C 6 r.; rent $100; $1700. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
GREAT sacrifice— lo rooms, with piano; good
location: cheap rent; must go at once. GALE
& BENSON. 320 Parrott building.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH. 1224 — Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 60.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 60.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; polite at-
terftlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
~~~~ LOST AXD FOUXD. '
LOST— A g^id~medaTln^lclnity of Golden Gate
aye. and Polk st. on Sunday last; cycling
event, with name Inscribed. Suitable reward
If returned to P. MORRIN. 42 Oafc st.
LOST— New Year's morning, on Halght. near
Webster, small black and tan dog; collar and
license No. 2739; $3 reward If returned to 420
Halsht at.
LOST-MDn Halght-st. cars, Sunday afternoon,
black rubber-case watch, with gold monogram
"A. J. It." on outside. Please, return to Of-
flce- of California Pioneers; reward.
LOST— Pointer bitch, liver and white spot,B. on
New Year's eve. Finder please return to 1474
Twentieth aye., Eaat Oakland: receive reward.
$5 REWARD— Lost. New Year's eve, a diamond
stud, broke from screw. 42 Clipper st.
LOST— Stick pin, S diamonds. Liberal reward
If returned to 948 Post at.
LOST— Book of sheet music. Zlmmer' composer.
Reward at 2164 Fifteenth st.
LOST— Black terrier dog. Return to 1317 Pine
Bt. ; reward.
LOST— Jan. 1. a pair of field glasses. In Valen-
cla-st. station. Please return to J. W. PET-
TEE, 2505 Leavenworth st. and receive llb-
eral reward. ¦ J
LOST— New Year's eve. sealskin cape, on
• Rausch or Langton st. Return to 1141 Howard
St.; reward.
LOST— lvory crooked -head cane; appreciated by
owner as a relic: will pay reward if returned
to room 6. 218 Post st; no questions asked.
LOST— Bay horse; white star on front of head;
mark T. B. on hind left leg. Inquire at 1102
Mission st.
LOST— Scotch collie; tan and white; white on
breast and neck; 6 months old. -Return to
2840 Jackson st.; reward.
ON the 24th— Fox terrier slut: black spot on
head; has pups. Return to 1428 Turk; reward.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy: pii-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. ¦15 Grant aye.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles* phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
. practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5: safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market St.. between Ma-
son and Taylor: hours, 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
ciallst. formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced .knowledge: cure at
office $5; warranted; 13 years' successful prac-
tlce In S. F. Office. 113 Eddy St.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 'reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; home for patients In confine-
ment or with . chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office, $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Pest St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln: hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully ; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 1023H Market st.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms:
best of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2781: res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
l*i. POPPER. ladies' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $3; consultation free. 818 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $i.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market st.; hours 10
a. m. to 6 p. m. ; at residence, 228 Van Ness
aye.. 6 to 9 p. m.; guaranteed treatment. $5.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1118 Market
• Bt. ; e»ery case guaranteed: $5 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln: hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to ».
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MI.\ES AXD 'MI.MSO, "~ ~~
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers -
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 50 cents per share or monthly Install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 6-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F.: tel. Mwln 844.
MISCELLAXEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought sold and exchanged. 1C63 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
1 H. B. SMITH 4-stded sticker; 1 Goodell &
Waters planer _ matcher, 24x6; 1 air com-
fpressor: 1 band saw; 6 locomotives: 8 strs.
220 Fremont st.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
¦ Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St., S. F. Cal.
COMPLETE lot of surgical Instruments, almost
new; 100 pieces; cheap. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye. ¦
EBISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert^ records. $2 60. BACIGALUPI.
533 Market St., San Francisco.
2 LARGR fireproof safes cheap at RAPHAEL'S.
Kearny and Sacramento sts.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., nr. Pine.
DRESS rants, $2 73: fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes,
iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE.' 139 Beal«>.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market si.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinet; 64 lights. Ad-
dress box 4^94. Call office.
NEW No. 58 Majestic range, with steam table
and cooker. Address box 4193, Call office.
"LUIGI RICCA" famous Italian mandolin at a
bargain. Plaza Loan office, 702 Kearny st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: 5 drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
MAGIC lanterns; new and second-hand: acety-
lene generators. 'Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN;
reliable Jeweler, 103 Sixth st., below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, .bollerj,
water pipe; new, 2d-hand. Whitelaw,2l6 Spear.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada on» year for $1.
postage paid. /¦ , .. ..
MISCELLAXEOUS AVAXTS.
SECOND-HAND typewriter, modern make-
must be In good condition and a bargain for
spot cash. Address, giving maker's name
age. particulars, etc. Box 1567. Call.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics, j 625 Dupont. nr. Calif.
WANTED — Painters', falls; call early. 3_j
Golden Gate aye.
LOT of old windows and tank closets- must ba
cheap. Address box 1354. . Call office.
MOXEY TO LOA X.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $:*)
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Market.
. HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store S4B Markot
¦ St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies .bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent, first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, 'ut.-rest
In estates. ler_:les, life insurance; ct<*ttel
mortgages; confidential: ad\ice frse. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd m',rtsaiCJs, nnd en
furniture or pianos: no -emovaf: any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery »t.
SIOSEV TO LOAN.
MOST r^'iable «.lace to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. lIESTILVL. 10 Sixth;
highest prlcee for old .told silver, dla.-nor.ds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low ri»tJ3; confidential.
BONELLJ. Conservaiorv bldg. XH) Powell Kt.
AT 126 Kearny. rm. 9, respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest; Iloon>»
«8 and 69. Donohoe building. 11TJ Market St.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRE-U 609 Examiner building.
$3000 TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 p*r
cent. WINSTON _ CO.. 102S Market st.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
$50 TO $55,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2<X mortg-.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 _ ontgomery.
ON furniture, planoa, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 115 McAllister »t.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
mom money see H. MUKPHY. oCO Market »t.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the.
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. '
MOXEY WANTED.
WANTED — $2000 on first mortgage. Address
box 1534. Call office.
MUSICAL. »STnUME.MTS.
AGAIN we remind you that yoa should pur-
chase your medium and lew-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purch-i<»e
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.. San. Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and Broadway,. Oakland.
P.^KARD pianos and organs are "all right."
Agency at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
THE sale of "Baby" Deckers during the holi-
days was unprecedented. A new supply Just
received at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS for gramophones, grapho-
phor.es, Olyinpia music boxes, Wasborn and
Ideal guitars, Stewart banjos. MAUVAIS',
769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
• west of Chicago 1« KOHLER St CHASE'S.
26. 23 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KN'AEE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER - CHASE. 30 OT-rrell st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4, $4. $4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
2 Chlckerings. 2 Stelnways. 1 Vose ft Son* and
E0 other slightly used high and medinm grade
.pianos; special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 138 EUU st.
UPRIGHT piano, "Neumann Hamburg"; pro-
nounced by experts the best In S. F. ; nearly
new, of solid construction; wonderful power
and sweetness of tone: value $800; to be sold
for only $300 cash. 1238 Market St.. room 121.
AGENTS — Conover pianos, the artists' favorite;
musicians Invited to call and critically exam-
ine and make comparisons. Spencer Piano
House. ISIS Market St.; send for catalogues.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st. •
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett _ Davis planoa.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1319 Powell.
FINE Fischer _ Steinway upright- sacrificed.
KEEFFE'3, 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano; only $C 0 cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented $3 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNti'S. 21S McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ, 18
McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
STTPERIOR ylollna, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES— TO LET.
$14— STORn and 3 living room*. Southwest cor-
ner cf Ellla and Scott sts.
328 AND 323 Pacific st.— 2 handsome large stores
to let: cneap to good tenant.
PERSONALS. ~
WIDOW, a stranger. 49 years of age. would
meet an honest man with loving disposition
who will assist financially; object, matrimony
Address box 4155. Call office.
ROARS of laughter: a hundred laughs In a hun-
dred minutes. Send 27c In stamps to FRUIT-
VALE NOVELTY CO.. Fruitvale. Alameda
Co.. Cal.. and receive In return _ full «et of
Filipino wrestlers.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, sells good
switches for $1; fine 020s for $2 50; halrdress-
lng. 25c; restored to natural color. $1 50 to $5
with Schefller's Colorlne; 75c box. 123 Stockton!
LEDERER'S Qulntonica prevents the hair fall-
Ing out, makes it look like satin. 350 bottle-
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo. 6c pkg.l23 Stocktn.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oysters
any style. DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
LEON LEMOS— A fine suit to order $19 73 or
pants $3 75. Our specialty In remnants allow,
ug to sell cheaper than ready made _>. LE-
MOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and hh. prop
One-price Tailoring Co.: 522 Kearny st near
Sacramento; also 1644 Market st.. under St.
Nicholas. "-•".
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer, in
car P*t twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 7C9 Fifth. Oa-Und.
JOHN L. BOONE. ! Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
c a td utter *h . Law » * Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. American and For-lga
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 reomr
g« to II 50 per night; $1 50 to t« perT££ :
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
.liclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 _Urk« st
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lng- call on B. COHEN. 157 Third Vt.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brmc. tools
carpets, old gold: send for him. SM Kearny!
BEST price for CRst-off clothing and brtc-a-
braC H. MARKS. 209 Third st*: send postu.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 8 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell, and Mason!
STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J WHIT-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. oWkiV^:
KKAJ, ESTATE CITY — FOR JJAfcE.
SAVE AND MAKE MONET.
BUY A LOT NEAR GOLDEX OATB PARK
A good new year's resolution and one you can
never regret Is to save money. A good w_v tX
save Is to buy a lot near the parlc The recen?
bond election means that Golden Gate Park wi'i
be the largest and grandest park in th« wnrii
In all large cities lots near the T part, a 7» if*
ways very valuable. You can bS" one%hea»
$275— South of the park, near Tenth aye • r.~
100; $25 cash, balance $5 monthly ' Cx
$450-CheaDest lot on Ninth aye.: 25x120- «<»
cash. $7 50 monthly; street graded and nmcad-
3f f ? 99 n mont T hiy. n - eilr J '^ !*~ WOrk d — "
paVkT^?; str'eet^ded^siwe^a-nd 0^
adamlzed : water and gas "in .tree?; $£> c^'
$10 monthly: fine view, overlooks park Tn i
ocean. • v«« ana
$550—Cheap lot on Clement st; 25x100- «tr..,
work done: faces Sutro's electric road- $50 J_?h
$10 monthly. •"" K * a ".
a£ n .out°h of P ?a C rk USt * P " k IOU la WchnKad
LYON _ HOAO. Hi Montgomery at.
A. M. SPECK _ CO.. ' ~ — ~
¦ <n SKSsE: t st - opp - K * arny -
Ellls-st corner, close to Mason: «ox_f7- atom.
and 70 rooms; will pay 7 per cent net
$55. COO.
Rare buy vicinity Stockton and O'Farre!!-
stores ana lodging-house above; 4 storrand
basement building; lot 36 ft. front.
$50,000.
Corner near Santa Fe ferry site: 12x127 l-
only corner for sale In thl« vicinity «*««.«.
$28,500.
Near Eddy and Jones; store and M m« m .
above; modern; pays 7 per cent nee "
$25.0C0.
Geary st.. near Taylor; 60xS0 feet, no ben*,
buy downtown. w °° "•»*«
_, $12,100.
i^ 08 .* , to Market an< * Taylor; stores and flat.-
60 feet front; rents about $100 nats,
_ - $9200.
Corner near Market: rents $1130 yearly «?««_
and nits; nearly new * e »«y. store
$«oco.
Post St.; 3 good flats: rents $63; lot 27x110 ft.
100f 11 * 111 " 1 * corner near Unltm l«>n Work.; MOx
A. M. SPECK „ CO.. 867 Market «t.
FORECLOSURE sale-S2OCO; two choice flat. «"?
6 rooms each, renting for «g xt So V_!i£s
• st.. near Noe. or SPECK & CO.? •»_&_£
THE SAS" 'JTIIAK CISCO CA__l_, THXTRSD AY, ..- JANUARY 4, 1900.
10BTOIIACE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Otflce. 431 Poet et.. cor. Powell; tel. Main S7IS.
¦ : j
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
C^SkEARXTKT. Established
in»»3* for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debillty-or
disease rearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheii
others fall. Try him. Charges low
• urncnaranirrd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. A. «. Ill UO > . Umx 1937, 5a0 I'rancUca
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bus been established at 1036 Va-
lencia «t.
THE Oak«. 11l Third— A goad rooming house
for r<w»<l people K. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TWENTY-nrtST. 2218, nr. Mission— Furnished
front bay-w!r.dow room; gas and bath.
VAN NESS n\e.. SOS— Elegant suites, single
rooms and housekeeping suites; suitable for
doctor or dentist.
VAN NHSS aye.. 402— Well-furnished sunny up-
per room; closet, bath; board optional.
A BRANCH crflce for the reception of adver-
tlsem«-n?ti and subscriptions haa been opened
il ITJ?. PoQc fit. ; open till 9p. m.
ROYAL Boose 12C Ellis «t.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' j>sx-
£lor; room*, per nlKht. 2ic to tl SO; week. XI to
SS: month. \*. to 130; elevator on offlce floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
PROPOSALS FOR
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING
AND BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received un-
til January 11, ISOO, at 10:30 o'clock a. m., for
furnishing the PAPER for the PUBLIC
PRINTING and BINDING for the year end-
Ing 28th of February, 1901, the said proposals
to t« GDened before and the award of con-
tracts to be made by the Joint Committee of
Congress on Public Printing to the lowest and
best bidder for the Interest of the Govern-
ment, the committee reserving to Itself the
rle:ht to reject any and all bids, as Its Judg-
ment of the best interests of the Government
may dictate.
Detailed schedules of the description, quan-
tity and quality of the paper required, ac-
companied by samples and blank proposals,
and giving the regulations with which bidders
must comply, can be obtained by addressing
F. W. Palmer. Public Printer, Washington.
DC.
The contracts will be entered Into for sup-
plying «uch quantities of paper as may m
needed during the year, and no more.
The estimated quantities set forth In detail
In the schedule comprise:
€5,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
18.000 reams machine-finish printing paper
34.&00 reams sized and super-calendared
white or tinted printing paper, va-
rious sizes.
23.E00 reams white writing paper, various
sizes and welehts. ,
4,600 reams colored writing paper, various
st7.es and weights.
2,000 reams cover paper, various sixes and
weights.
75.000 pounds of best plate paper.
jno.cco pounds of best map paper,
too. ooo pounds superfine (double) coated book
paper. .
8,100 rearrs manlla paper, various sizes and
weights.
lOO.f'fl'O pounds bond paper.
20,000 sounds artificial parchment, various
*iZ£S.
4,0(0 pounds parchment deed.
110,000 Eheetß cardboard, various colors sizes
nnd weights.
1,200,000 sheets brlstol board, various colors
*izes and weights. ...
8,100 reams first-class ledger i»per. white
or blue, laid or wove, various sixes
and weights.
1,200 reams second-class ledger paper
white or blue, laid or wove, various
elzes and weights.
4,200 reams tissue and copying paper
£5 reams blotting paper, any required
color and weight.
150 reams tar paper. 24x35.
2C5 reams flald, marble and comb paper
various sizes. '
£50 reams typewriter paper, various slzas
and weights.
L 215 reams cap. letter and note paper.
100 reams white French folio. 17x22
2.0C0 sheets parchment. IBx2i.
Proposals w-111 be received for one thousand
reams or more.
By direction of the Joint Committee of Con-
gress on Public Printing:
F. W. PALMER. Publlo Printer.
WASHINGTON, D. C. December 2L IS9J.
GOLDEN GATE. 1410^ — Furnished »»rlor floor;
everything fumish«d; fce-parate kitchen: bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, eouth«>ajst cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Bunny rooms, en suite or
rlr.gl*-; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
' Wednesday, January 8.
Fr bark Cassard. Allaire. 150 days from
Swansea.
BAILED.
Wednesday, January 8.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Redondo.
DOMESTIC PORT.
KU X KSKA-Wlrrtved Jan 3— Stmr Homer, from
"galled Jan S— Stmrs Ruth and Navarro, for
Ban Francisco.
GIRARD House. IS2 St-venth— funny furnished
rooms: day or week: reasonable.
CLASSIFIED ¦dvertlM-mer.ts and subecriptions
received et Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
BORROW on clanc«, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; e«>cr*cy. Uncle Harris. 15 Giant ay.
ELLIS. CZ'J. corner Larteln— Sunny, bay-window;
mantel; double folding-bed; Welsbach burner.
FIFTEENTH. 1170. near Mission— Furnished
OAKLAND FI'R.MTI'RE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from 11. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$10 CASH. tS monthly for 2 fine large level lots,
ready for building on; will build a S-room
cottage on these lots, with good well of
water, picket fence and outhouse all com-
plete and all told for $CW); low monthly rent
paying will buy your home; Allendale Tract,
adjoining East Oakland; OS families now lo-
cated within 2^i years; streets all traded,
fome mac&damlzed: close to 3 electric car
lines nr.d model school: 2 blocks from a 90-
foot-wlde boulevard: call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh St., Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
JCCO-VWILL sell quick for $4100; fine corner
residence: lot 45x175: 9 rooms; up to date.
E E. BUXCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
IIEHKELEY REAL ESTATE.
YEP. $3 p#r acre ur>: farm list: free fare. M
GRIFTIN. 718 Market St.. near Call building
CHEAPEST an.l best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 rages, pent to any address in the
United Ptatf-s. postpaid, for tl per year.
11BAL ESTATE COIXTKV For Sal*
A LIST OF FPECIAL BARGAINS- When
sending for my CATALOGUE always jstßte
about what is wanted — amount to invest, etc.
I'll then also furnish a specially prepared list
of '"SNAP" barpains— n*rar v.-f-.st you want,
not In c&t&logue. Whiie I rr.ake a special
feature of NAPA and SONOMA county
places. I'm personally acquainted with over
2<**) ranches for eale and exchange In Cali-
fornia—more than ar.y ether ten agent* In
the State. I travel nearly all the time, ln-
epectin* country property.
N. D. SICKELP. the LAND AGENT.
10 G«>ary «.. opposite Chmr-icle blflg.. S. F.
22C ACRES of land for sale at $4 per acre: in
Tthama County. Inquire A. E. LOBREE,
Brcntwood, Cal.
ROOMS papered frcm $J: whitened, $1 up
painting cone. Hartman Paint Co.*. »1» Third,
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.
UZ Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. K520
tOL GETZ «r BROTHER,
ROOM "A.'- CKOCKER BUILDING.
HEADtiUAJiTEUS FOR P.'RK LOTS.
Th« bond issue is sure to b« elected. Buy a
Park lot before values go up.
We boog&t cur properties «.t low prlees for
casn. !': : : by our Judgment and seoura bax-
ta.us.
Sunset Heights lots, choicest and cheapest of
all. from J2oo up. Call on us befor* buying.
:._•¦•-. installment*.
KOO to 1800— Richmond lota lower than ever.
$75 to KiO— On Misslon-st. ear lln* and Ocean
Vi«w lets, s: monthly.
A few nice cottages and lots on Installments.
Branch offica. Ninth avenue, near H st.
c;>fn dally. Sunday Included. Call for maps
fc- ' > ;-„: -::.s.
6OL. GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
marslno, and beloved father of Iva, Adelina
and Annie Lagomarslno, a native of Italy,
aged SS years 1 month and 1 day.
LARIOS— In South San Francisco. January. 2.
1900, Anton Larios. beloved father of Ben.
Ecquspulo, Manuel and Manuella Larios, a
native of California, aged 63 years.
LEARY— At Vallejo, accidentally drowned on
December 4, 1899. Mrs. Hannah -Leary, be-
loved wife of Sylvester Leary, and mother of
Mrs. H. J. Wolters and Mrs. W. Bowne of
San Francisco and Mrs. W. Green of Va-
llejo, a native of Ireland, aged 78 years.
in7"lnterment at Vallejo this day (Thurs-
day.
MACY— In this city, January 2. 1900. Mary F.
Maoy. beloved wife of the late D. F. Macy,
and mother of Mrs. K. J. Coffin. Mrs. C. P.
Gibbons and the late W. W. Macy, a native
of Nantucket, Mass., aged 88 years and 3
months.
C7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funera* this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of James Hagan, 445 Valencia street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MARKS— In this city, January t. 1900, Rose,
beloved wife of Albert Marks, mother of
Leonl and Beatrice Marks, and sister of Isl-
dor, Joseph, Harry and Violet Weber, a na-
tive of Mississippi, aged 32 years.
E7"Funeral and Interment strictly private.
MULHERN— In - Tamalpais, Marln. County,
January 3, 1900, James Mulhern, beloved hus-
band of Catherine Mulhern, and father of
James P. and Frank Mulhern. a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 72 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from Tamalpais. Marln County,
thence to St. Raphael's Church, San Rafael,
where a mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Catholic Cemetery, San Ratael.
NERNEY— In this city, January 3, 1900, of
diphtheria, Caroline Frances, only and be-
loved daughter of Thomas A. and Hattle V.
Nerney, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years 3 months and 14 days.
O'KEEFE— In Oakland, January 8. 1900, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late John O'Keefe.
and mother of Anna O'Keefe and Mrs. R. A.
Walsh, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
(Trinity papers please copy.)
(ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her lata resi-
dence, 622 Telegraph avenue, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 O'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
QUINN— In this city, January L 1900, Bamuel
G. Qulnn, a native of Ireland, aged 46 years.
(n^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425
Mission Ftreet, near Twenty-first. Interment
cS'press I^awn Cemetery, by electrlo car from
Twentieth and Guerrero streets.
WELLS— In this city, January 3. 1900, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of James Wells, beloved
mother of Nellie, Michael and Daniel Loner-
gan, and daughter ' of the late Mrs. Mary
Murdock, a native of New York, aged 33
years.
WOLDENBBRG — In AKrurla, Sonoma County,
Samuel Woldenberg of Fresno, aged 69 years.
•RATT.Tt.OAT> TBAVZIi.
f*j£S?l§si? The B. S. Australia
• ¦£»-*¦»? jails for Honolulu
w •"¦ j_^ Wednesday, Jan. Ml
%^^\^\ 1900. at 2 p. m.
G)lwilllJlll r ' v Honolulu and Auckland
/nmnan/L, for Sydney Wednesday
IVill WOitfcr Jan. 24. at S p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Eamoa, New Zealand.) Australia, India, Sue*;
England, etc. : $610 first class.
1. 0. Sr-tttiCKELS <k BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Mentgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freijht 0ff1ce. 327 Market St
SHERMAN Aj>«.rtm«?nt House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished end unfurnished.
TKHAMA. 104— Front sunny room; rent rea-
sonable.
OCEAN TRAVEL. -
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
OTARRELL, 504— Furnished solte; sunny rea-
sonable; to gentlemen.
ROFRDALE. 221 Ellie. nf>ar Tay!r>r— loo roomsj
2^c a nipht; ?l»a wefk; tranFiwit.
I'UOPOSALS.
FIRST, IS— Sunny furnished rooms to rent; $1
per week.
GEARY. 403 (Th» Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
•>d rooms, en FUlte or single. MRS. H. HYER.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of California, 222 Sansome St., San Fran-
cisco, has declared for the 6 months ending
December 31. UiS, a dividend of 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock, 10 per cent
per annum to class "F" stock, t per cent per
tr.-.;m on term deposits and 5 per cent per
ancum on ordinary deposits.
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE, President.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
GRAND HOTEL
J G Monroe, Montague
J F Callahan, Cal
F C Edmiston, Ptland
V W Hartley Cal
E J Murphy & vr. Mo
Mrs W E Clark. Neb
A B Jackson. Colusa
J W Macy & w, Spok
H H Hunter. S Jose
H C Field. Denver
X Whlpple, Deeoto
F Friedman, Nevada
G G Towle & w. Cal
C M Brown, S Pablo
W L Fletcher. Montrey
R A Priest, Alameda
X H List, Palo Alto
P A Rege. Cal
H P Telchner. Cal
M Michael, Woodland
G Spaldlng, Cal
J B Miller. Sonera
G H Walker. Vallejo
J Clark, Napa
H B Bayes, Palo Alto
II H Baggs, Palo Alto
J R Morgan. Cal
B F Denphy, Eureka
F Kraemer, N V
J W Waede & vr, Cal
Miss P Davidson. L. A
II Hagen, Seattle
C H Follner, Mont
J P Baumgartner, Cal
G W Reynolds, N V
J W Brooks, L Ang
D N Moliter & w. Cal
A Warde. Victoria
Mrs A Warde. Victoria
Miss Warde, Victoria
A Smith, Stockton
J A Bent, Butte
Mrs H B Schmitz. li A
C H Forbes. S Jose
F D Smith. Loleta
E W Gilmore. L Ang
J B Brady, S Jose
Miss E Brady, Cal
J O Williams. Ptland
O H Anderson, S Jose
C A Storke, S Barbra
L Clayton & w. Montry
J McCudden, Vallejo
Miss McCudden, ValleJ
E J Cahill, Cal
J D Wadsworth, Cal
H P Downs, Portland
W T Hickok. Cal
W W McElroy, Helena
G M Landsburg & fam.
East Oakland
E A Thomas, Cal
G E Neuben Fla
C F Adam, Los An*
H S Smith. Colo
E H Samuel, w Ss eh,
Mayneld
J H Comings, Chleo
S A Hlppach. Chgo
C Nelson, Alameda
R F Fletcher, L. Gatos
E R Thurber Jr, Cal
J 9 Carroll, Fresno
J H Barker. Uklah
S B Onyett, Uklah
O V Woodward, N T
D Campbell, L Ans
J P Helms & w, Cal
Dr W McAllister. Cal
W H Fregany, Winters
J H McAfee, Portland
Mrs J H McAfee. Ptld
Master G McAfee. Ptld
W B Filcher & w. Cal
A J Larson, Led!
G Cassldy & w. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
A Napel. Paris
J D Bamberger, N V
F W Graham, Denver
L- T Miller & w, Seattle
W Braid. Vancouver
C Gouzerbach, Denver
E Block, Aria
A L. Brewster, Chicago
A E Phillips, N York
E R Cowles, New York
A Kavanaugh. U S N
F S Johnson & w, N V
M Dore, New York
B T Wallace. Yreka
J W Hughes. N York
A C Frazer, Canada
J H Ellis, Canada
D H Worseley, Canada
G P Morgan & w, Cal
A H Macoat & w, Cal
W E Griffin, Reno
A W Ballard, N York
O B Gotchalk, L. Ang
J W Perkins, Ind
A Kroger, New York
B \Y t*e. New York
G A Davis, Detroit
C B Perclval, Chicago
P W Delano, U S N
B W Ripley & w. Chic
C X G Billings & w,
Chicago
W D Gregory. Chicago
D Springer, Chicago
S N Rucker, San Jose
H Newberger, Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A V Carpenter & w,
Palo Alto
J AY Kelly. Penna
P Splrltus. Cal
H Pennlngton & w, Cal
L Abraham & w, Ohio
J C Leech Alabama
R Turner & w, Spokan
TOLa Blanc, Fresno
T Iy>we, Hopland !
T Lowe, Hopland .i.l. l
A W Field, Stockton
F Roche. Denver
J R Reynolds. Modesto
T Dyson, Santa Rosa
C R Ball. Uklah
E Johnson, Los Ans
W B Carter, Menlo
H N Elstone, Omaha
T A Carlson. Los Ang:
H F Miles & w, L. Ang
P Hammel. Portland
OCEAN TEAVEL.
and R, Scammon (contractors), architect none^ —
All wcrk for a one-story and unfinished base
ment frame building with concrete foundation
on lot on NW corner of Falcon and Moss ave
nues, NE 25, N 75 degrees 41 minutes, W 89:6%,
S 53 degrees 26 minutes, W 45:9, E 100, lot 13,
block 4, subdivision 1, Mountain Spring prop
erty; $1030.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Dora
Coleman. lot on W line of Steiner street, 25 S
Of Ellis, S 25 by W 90: .
Sophie Federleln to Frederick Federletn, lot
on NW corner of Ridley and Scott streets, N
11, W 118:9. S 21:4"i, E 119:0%; $10.
Patrick D. Cahlll to Annie M. Schardln, lot
on W line of Clayton street, 27:6 S of Page,
W 106:3 by S »7:6; UO.
Mary Wallace to Gray Brothers Crushed Rock.
Company, lot on SE corner of Clipper and
Douglass etreets, E 80 by S 114; $10.
Valentine Ehrmann to Catharina Ehrmann;
lot on N line of Stockton place, 100 E of Stock
ton street, E 30 by N 60; SI.
Mary A. McVerry to Conrad Bill, undivided
one- tenth of lot on S line of Greenwich street,
SO W of Jones, W 67:6 by S 73; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to George.
W. Merrltt. lot on NW line of Howard street,
80 SW of Second, SW 75 by NW SO; $14,000.
George T. Lyon to John Hlnkel, lot on 8 line
of Clement street, 60 E of Twenty-sixth avenua,
S 100 E 17:3. NW 100, W 7:9; $10.
Horace G. Platt to Mary E. Johnson (wife- of
Georce W.), lot on E line of Sixth avenue,
209 N of D street. N 25 by B 120; $10.
George W. Johnson to same, same; gift.
Amelia Louis to Solomon Getz, lot on E line
of Ninth avenue. 2t)l S of M street, S 24 by B
120; $10.
Frank T. and Minnie M. Dryden to Geonto
Fredricks, lor on W line of Thirteenth avenue,
14* S of I street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
John and Mary Lally to Joseph F. Dolan,
lot on SW line of West avenue, 92:6 S£2 of
Mission street. SE 50, SW 87:6, W 19, N 165.
lot 34. block L Holly Park Tract; $10.
Joseph L. Holliday to Bartholomew N. Tro
bock, estate of Margaret Halliday (or Holliday),
No. IS.7W (deed and assignment); $20(X>.
C. Tyler Longstreet to Maria Antonla Wllcox
Longstreet (wire), all property, both real and
personal, and all interest of nrst party against
any property of second party now of record in
her name or which may hereafter bo acquired
by her; {17&0.
Alameda County.
William T. Holllng to Frederick Tillman Jr.,
lot en SW corner of Twenty-second and Willow
etreets, S 678:9 by W 3SO, being lots 1 to 12,
block 762, Hougham Tract; also lot on SW
corner of Wood and Twenty-second Etreets, \V
200, S 178:9, E 10, S 400, E 190, N 678:9, to be
ginning, being lots L 2, 8 to 11, block 751, same,
Oakland; $10.
Moses J. Frank and J. S. Carr (by B. H.
Grifnns, commissioner) to Union Savings Bank,
entire block 54, excepting lot 15 on Map of
Franks' resubdlvislon of block 64, San An
tonio, East Oakland; $7390.
Justus Held to Henrietta Held, lot on E
line of Telegraph avenue, 113 N of Locust (or
Twenty-third) street, N 120, E 141. S 112:6, W
20 S 76. W 121, to beginning, being block 11,
PaclHc Homestead, Oakland: gift.
Same to same, lot on NW corner of Broadway
and Durant street. N 63 by W 80. being a
portion of lot 10, block B, Fountain place, Oak
land; gift.
Georpo A. Loring to Maggie J. Loring, lot on
N line >-.t West Tenth street, 66 W of Linden,
W 66 by N ICO. being the W 66 feet of lots li
and 20, Map of Adeline Homestead Tract No.
1; also undivided half Interest in lot S7, block
I Vicente Peralta Keuervatlou Tract, Oakland;
gift.
Blemma Hecht (widow), Helen and Bert R.
Hecht, Florence Frlea, Elsie S. Hecht and Sum
mit L. Hecht (Blemma, M. H. and B. R.
Hecht, trustees estate Isaac Hecht) to Marcus
H. Hecht, undivided one-flfth Interest In the
following: Lot on SW corner of Twenty-sixth
and Adeline streets. S «:» by W 236:6, block
642; also property in other counties, quitclaim
deed, Oakland; $10.
Blemma Hecht (widow}, Helen and Bert R.
Hecht, Florence Fries, Elsie S. Hecht and Sum
mit L. Hecht (Blemma, M. IL and B. R.
Hecht, trustees estate Isaac Hecht) to Jacob
H. Hecht. undivided one-llfth Interest In same,
quitclaim deed, Oakland: $10.
Blemma Hecht (widow), Helen and Bert R.
Hecht, Florence Fries, Elsie S. Hecht and Sum
mit L. Hecht (Blemma, M. H. and B. R.
Hecht, trustees estate Isaac Hecht) to Abra
ham B. Hecht, undivided one-flfth Interest In
same, quitclaim deed. Oakland: $10.
Blemma Hecht (widow), Helen and Bert R.
Hecht, Florence Fries, Elsie S. Hecht and Sum
mit L. Hecht (Blemma, M. H. and B. It.
Hecht, trustees estate Isaac Hecht) to Louis
H«cht Jr., undivided one-flfth Interest In same,
quitclaim deed. Oakland; $10.
Mary A. and Isaac Surryhn* to Joseph P.
Dleves, undivided hi interest in lot on S line
of Ninth street, 75 W of Franklin. W 75 by S
100 being lots 12. 13 and 14, block 88, Oakland;
$10.
William H. Irwln to Rod W. Church, be
ginning at a point 155 E from NE corner of
Todd and Baker streets, E 40 by N 132, being
a portion of lots 11 and 12, block F. Amended
Map of J. W. Crawford Tract. Oakland; $10.
Arthur P. Booth to Charles A. Appledom,
all Interest In lot on NE cornor of Second and
Grove streetß, N 100 by E 78, being lots 1 to 4,
block 22, Oakland: $100.
Charles V. Carlln and J. Spencer RUey (ad
rnlrjlstrators estate of Sophie Carlln (by- W. S.
Harlow, commissioner) ito Margaret E. Wy
man. lot on W line of Fontalnebleau avenue.
170 N of East Fourteenth street, W 109:9 by S
30. East Oakland; also lot on SW line of Ham
ilton place, ie5.S5 NW of Oakland avenua, NW
30 by SW 90. being lot SL Hamilton Tract, Oak
land: $967.
McCarthy Company (corporation) to Max Ho
filch lot 5, In Subdivision B, Frultvale Ter
minal Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
H. C Morris to Terence J. Clancy, lot on S
line of Bay View avenue, 100 E of Walnut
street. D 50 by S 141. being lot 15, block 11,
Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Lillian Boukofsky to Frederick Boukofsky,
lot on E line of Fourth street. 341 N of Chan
nlng way, N 40 by E 125, being the N 11 feet
of lot 23 and S 29 feet of lot 24. block 127. Cor
rected Map Raymond Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Josephine Stephens to Edward S. Clark
(trustee), undivided one-third Interest In lot
on E line of Chestnut (or Twentieth) street,
75 S of San Jose avenue, S 75 by E 100, block
N, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda: $1000.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to Mollle E.
Thomas, lot on SE corner of Railroad avenue
and Verdi street, E 100 by S 42, Alameda; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Railroad ave
nue, 60 W of Sherman street. W 50 by 8 100,
being lots 9 and 10, block 2S, Fitch Tract, Ala
meda; $10.
Gardner and Frances McFarland to Mary
Barrett, lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 300 E
of Chestnut street, E 50 by N 150, being lot 7.
block 4. lands adjacent to Encinal. Alameda:
flO
Maria Way to Thomas H. Way, lot on E Una
of Court street. 30 8 of Jackson, S S2:6.by.E
100, being lot 19 and portion of lot 20. block 82,
same, Alameda; $5.
Ernest S. and Margaret Angel to Susan Rose,
lot on E line of Klrkham street, 111:6 8 of
Central avenue. S 35 by E 115. being lot 20,
block 660, Oakland: $10.
G. F. and H. N. Gray to Charles Sutro.'lot
on SW corner of Walsworth and Monte Vista
avenues. W 39.1, 8 125. E 94.8, N 135.47. to be
ginning, being lot 6, block C, Linda Vista Ter
race, Oakland; JlO.
Jewel M. Madison (wife of M. J.) to Pacific
Coast Dredging and Reclamation Company (a
corporation) of San Francisto. lots 3 to 10, block
79, on Map of portion of subdivision of Watson
property, East Oakland, quitclaim deed; $5.
Lorent and Anna L. Jensen to Charles Sladky,
lot on W line of Spauldlng avenue, 282.08 9 of
Addlson street, S 53 by W 129.25, being the N
R3 feet of lot 9, block 2, Spauldlng Tract, sub
ject to a mortgage for $1800. Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Monroe N. Callender (owner) with R, A, Tett
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
TWO flats— lo rooms: modern; near station ; 3
minutes to University: price $2500; easy terms.
FP.KKPE A- CODPINGTON. Berkeley Station.
FOR eale or exchange for improved San Fran-
dseco rrop^Tty. fruit ranch 102 acres: value
><000. Address H. F. SPEITZEN. Watsonvllle.
UH ACRES— Must be sold: 2 miles from Santa
Clara; IG-room house: 2 wells; all la orchard.
8 Gfary at., rocm 15.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
FINEST general ranch In California to be
riven away on account of foreclosure. See
CLARK & C<~>. M** Hearst building.
FIRST-CLASS busings lot; cheap If sold this
wef>k. lVx 15T.3. <"all office.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
tl4ro— LOT 26x125; cottage 6 rooms and batb;
ftreet work dene; easy terms.
trroo— lx)t tCxl4s; fine cottage: E large rooms
ftnd bath; worth $3000; only 1100 cash, balancs
{20 per month: great snap.
$3000— Lot 40x150; Morton st.. between rall-
roads: near station and school; handsome, new
ccttaite of 7 rooms and bath; SSOO and {25 per
month.
12200 — Lot 85x150; 2-story house of 6 rooms and
fcath: Alameda aye., near Morton-st. station;
13100— Lot 40x150: fine new J-etory house. 8
rooms and bath; Morton St., near stations and
schools; JSOO rash, balance $30 per month.
$S6oft— Lot 75x1."0; on main avenue; cottag*
E rooms and bath: great bargain; houses to let
In all parts of Alarceda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1452 Park St.. Alameda. CaL
A HOME- Send description, condition and loca-
tion: I will find you one. O. R. DEXKE Sr.,
14f.0 Webster St., Alameda,
NTW cottages, housen and flats for sale on
Plerca and Waller *ts.. near Haight; over 30
lt"uwf sold In same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
FOU sale — Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms;
lßt^t improvement*: No? and Hill Ets. ; near
Castro-M. cars: intent sidewalk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
MarrloKe lloenses have been Issued as follows:
Joseph Martin and Marie Lapeyrlgne 25-21
Romaln Menand and Madeleine Cabanot.... 47-41
Frederick A. Chaxel and Gusele Samuels.. .23-18
John F. Maass and Marie Poncelet 30-18
Lawre-nce O'Brien and Ellen McManus 60-30
John V. Lalne and Alna S. Oronlound 31-23
Andrea Matrala and Etnma Smith 37-33
Forrest H. Mower and Maggie E. Nevlns..4l-35
William Grant and Sarah A. Bates.. 39-33
Frank G. Delancey and Daisy M. Blodgett.. 2l-18
Walter S. Atkinson and Carrie Rverdlng.... 23-22
Edwin O. Burns and Amanda Terresi 21-18
IU-.AL ESTATE— CITY FOR BALD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1900.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: saf«. reliable) t«ka no other:
rend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." in letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chomlcal Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
SEWI.\G MACHINES A\U SUPPLIES.
R MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone- Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing n t lowest rates. 2<V> Fourth st.
TO LEASE.
HOTEL for rent— The Bernard Hpuse. at Val-
lejo. Cal.. is offered for rfnt from March
1. 19OT: this is a splendid opportunity for a
first-class hotel man. For particulars apply
to A. t.. HATHKWAY. Vallejo. Cal.
WATCH HEPAIIIIN'G.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry sn«l Optical Co.. 640 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not b« Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the tubllcation offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
bokSt.
DASEKING— In this city, December 27, 189$, to
the wife of H. Daseklng, a daughter.
MAHLER— In this city, January 1, 1900, to th«
wife of Hermann Mahler, a son.
MARKS— In this city, January 1, WOO, to tha
wife of Morris Marks, a son.
POST— In Berkeley, December IS. 1593, to th«
wife of C. C. Post, a son.
RUDEE— In Uklah. December JO. 1899, to the
wife of Dave Rudee. a son.
STEWART— In East Oakland. Cal.. December
80, 1899, to the wife of C. F. Stewart, a son.
CHEAPEST and b*st In America— The Weekly
<"a!l. 10 litres, ecr.t to any address in th<»
I r.lted States or Canada one year for R,
postap* paid.
MILL.BR.AF: Iot« and block*; fenced: water
works. BUTTERFIELD. 927 Market st.
A VTCEK 1 ? news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
56 raf I *. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BOOHS foil rtOi2S£KJ£KPU>O.
CHESTNUT, 2CJ, cor. Dupont— Furnished room
to rent for housekeeping; cheap.
CLAY. K2l. nesr Fillmcr^— 2 large unfurnished
rocm»; yard; water; rear; rent 17.
MABRIED.
ALDRIDGE— FISCHER— In this city, December
27, 1S1«9, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Albert J. Aldridge and Olla Beele Fischer.
both of San Francisco.
ARNESEN— BENSON— In this city. December
23, 1593, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Hans B.
Arnesen and Odine nenson.
BONNER— TREGAY— In this city. December
81, lSic*. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Walter Bonner of Los Angeles and Mary
Tregay of San Francisco.
BROWN— WILLIAMS— In this city, December
2«, IS99T, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.'
Edward Brown of Marysville and Ulllan
West Williams of Reno. Nev.
DAGGETT— GLANZ— In this city, December 81.
1593, by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Almore K.
Daeeett and Jennie Glanz.
EIAVOOD— ERIKSEN— In this city. December
31, lS9rf, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Fred
Elwood and Emma H. Erlksen.
ENGLAND— SKELLENGER— In this city, Jan-
uary L 1900. by the Rev. William C. Pond,
William Albert England and Mary Dean
Skeller.ser, bath of San Francisco.
HAZEN— HAKTJE—In this city. December 81,
ISI'9, by the Rev. Dr.' John A. B. Wilson,
Edward Hazen and Louit>a Hartje, both of
Oakland.
JORDAN— SIMS— In this city, December 81.
1599, by the Rev. William C. Pond. Charles
Frederick Jordan and Jennie May Sims, both
of San Francisco.
KUNZ— HIGGINS— In this city, Deoember 28.
IS'.<9, by the Rev. Dr. John "A. B. Wilson.
Adolph Kunz and Anita Hlggins, both of
Stockton.
LIDDEKE— BELTON— In this city, January 3,
1900, by the Rev. William C. Pond. Frederick
Liddeke of Centerville and Emma Louise Bel-
ton of San Francisco.
McGOWAN— McLEOD— In this city, January 1.
1500, James McGowan and Fannie McLeod,
both of Kan Francisco.
MINDHAM— GHEE— In this city. January 1,
IK,O, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
James Mindham and Mrs. EUa V. Gree, both
of San Francisco.
MULCAHY— LARMER— In this city. January
2. 19C0. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
John M. Mulcahy and Ella Louisa Lanner.
both of San Francisco.
CLEMENTINA. 527. flat C— A well furnished
room and kitchen for a couple only; no other
roomers.
BROADWAY, 142S— J or 4 unfurnished sunny
rooms.
FOLSOM. 7t3— All HCBt rooms, fcr housekeep-
ing. 12 up; also single rooms SI np.
FOURTH, 220— Nice front room; suitable for
Ugbt houst-kee-plrig.
MCALLISTER. C7o— Private family; newly fur-
nished sur.ny front room for rentleman.
NINTH, 20, near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rooms; housekeeping; stove; water; gas; $10.
POXVELX* £10 — Nice bay- window alcove suite:
running water; also housekeeping privilege
rooms.
TETIAMA. 44— Two front housekeeping rooms.
TENTH. 1S6 — L&rR-e front room, furnished for
housekeeping.
WASHINGTON. C2^— 3 rooms for houi>*ke»plr.g;
single housekeeping rooms, to p-r month.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: polite at-
tf-ntion. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CLAF.SIFIEI' advertisements and subj-rriptlons
rere:v*-d at Cell branch offlce. 2253 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlc* fcr th« reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions bas been opened
at 12H Polk Ft.: cpen until 9 p. m.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wittram Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of business,
227 Market fit.. San Francisco.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the ISth day
cf Deceir.ber. ISS9, an assessment (No. 7)) of
one il) cent per share was levied upon the
capital Ftock of the corporation, payable im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the
secretary at the offlce of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 22nd day of January,
IS9O. will be dPlinquent and advertised for saJe
et rubllc auction, and unless payment Is
made before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February, IXK>, to pay the delinquent atiseEs-
mtnt, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of pale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
827 Markft st.
A BRANCH crflc* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ft.
A BRANCH efflce fcr Call advertlswnents and
subscriptions has been eetabllched at th«
crirthwest corner cf Twenty-6eccnd and Ken-
tucky sts.: cpen till t p. ra.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
»w Steamers leave Broadway
CJBfc^^ wharf, San Francisco:
I fvViSftki For Alaskan ports. 13 a. m..
¦ i^2t>sri!% Jan - x - 6 - "• 16 - 21 - 2i - 31 «
C^Esg\S*l Feb - 5 - change to company's
fi^ATEM? Vwl Eteamers at Seattle.
wSiiK^igaii For Victoria. Vancouver
f^^C&^-^Sat (B. C). Port Townsend. S-»-
attle, Tacoma, Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcorn
(Wash.). 10 a. m.. Jan. 1. 6.
IL 1« SL 26 H, Feb. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company' s
steamers for Alaska and O. N. By.; at Ta-
coma to N. P R7-- Rt Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
£or Eureka (Hurhboldt Bay). 2p. re , Jan.
4, 9. 14. 19. 24, 29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day
th For a !anta Crut. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (Ran Luis Oblspo). Qavtota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San P*dro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a m.. Jan 3, 7. 11, 15, 19. 23. 27. 31. Feb. 4,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port H*r-
ford (San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (L<>s Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Jaru 1. 5, >. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29, Feb. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter. •
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. LaPai. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7tn of each
For further Information obtain company's
The* company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rrevlons notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
QOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to cr.T adireea In th«
United States, portpaM. for tl per y«ar.
DIVIDHM) XOTICJES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada Nationafliank
of San Francisco — At a regular meeting of the
board of directors of this bank, held January
2. 19vO. a dividend was declared for the half
year ending December 31, ISW. at the rate of
s»ven (T) per cent per annum, payable on
and after the lith inst. Transfer books will
be cloted from the 10th to the 13th inst.. both
daj's Inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
January 2, 1&00.
ROOMS TO LET— Fun. and Infarn.
A — BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to tl p«r night; 1125 to 15 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor Ets.—
Homelike hcuse; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms Mic to tl E0 day. MRS. J. KINO.
OFFICE of the Hlbernla Pavings and Loan So-
ciety, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones sts.,
Ea.n Francisco, Dec. 23, Isi9.— At a regular
meeting of the Board of Directors of this so-
ciety held THIS DAY a dividend haa been
declared at the rate of three and one-quarter
<3H) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending December 31, IK'9, free
from all taxes and payable on and after Jan-
uary 1, WOO. ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
AUSTIN aye.. IC2. near Polk St.— Large sunny
front room; furnished.
BOHEMIA, 2SB Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. tunny suites for «-entl*-m<?n and families;
Fpec. rates tourists; elevator; all conveniences.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p o "R no Ij j^i<tjd
From Spear-street "Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC £'2 First Class InclucllnK Berth
rAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 8. 18, 28; Feb. 2, 12
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 7. 1"
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
D. C WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
QOODALI* PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
BCItNETT. 1416 Market et. fold No. IS64)— Fur-
r..-: . ¦:.- - . euitea, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 120t Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Punny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank 222
Montgomery st.. Mills building— For the half-
year ending December 30, ls'.'S, dividends on
terra deDosits at the rate of three and six-
tenths (S 6-10) per cent per annum and on or-
dinary dei>os!ts at the rate of three (8) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be pay-
able on and after January 2, 19G0.
. S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 18
G«>ary et.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing wml-annual dividends: 3.60 per cent
per annum on term and 3 per cent per annum
en ordinary deposits, payable on and after
January 2, 1900. ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
COMPAQNIS GENE RALE TRANSATLANTIQ72.
DIRECT LINE TO HA VT TS- PARIS. j^ca*
Sailing every Thursday instead of •V? i iTS*i^
Saturday, from November 2, 1539, at «**?«»
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St. LA NORMANDIE. Jan. 4; LA
CHAMPAGNE, Jan. 11; LA AQUITAINE, Jan.
18; LA OASCOGNE. Jan. 25. First class to
Havre. $60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, $43; 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Moritgomgrv avf.. San Francisco.
BAY AND B.IVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAYY-YARdTm
Steamer "Montlc«llo." . /•'
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:4J
a. m., 3:13, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. ra.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier NO. 2. Telephone Main 1303.
FARE 600
HANCOCK Hou»», 7PI Mission— Select family
rex-, it Ing hou?e; Jl 50 to $6 per week.
HARRTPON, ?!<«*— F mall front room; working
girl rreJ^rred; cheap.
HOWARD, 715— 2(0 tunny rooms: cicely fur-
nished ; every convenience : el»»ctrfe lights.
HOWARD. «*— Clean, r^pectable; 25c-« per
night : .1-J3 p**r we*k: Howard cars to door.
MAPON. 2:2H— Nicely furnished sunny room;
reasonable; quiet and homelike.
MINNA. G67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. Jl per week; transient.
Arlington. IC3R Market— Nicely. furnished;
B^c dtiy uj>; 12 we*k up; transient.
O'FARIIELL, 20— Sunny furciened rooms and
ofSre*: elevator; electric lights; day. wk., rr.o.
AMERICAN LINE.
KZW TOSS, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PASH.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. -.¦¦;¦
r ->m New York Every Wednesday, 19 a. m.
New York Jan. S New York Jan. 24
St. Louis Jan. 10 Bt. Louis Jan. SI
St. Paul Jan. 17 St. Paul Febw 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero. '¦'¦¦': ¦¦':
From New York Every Wednesday, 1J noon.
Westernland Dec. 27|Aragonia Jan. 17
Kensington Jan. ?| Frlesland Jan. 24
Noordland Jan. lOlSouthwark Jon. 31
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For ' full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S"iita Fe Route.
Tne fastest train, running over the best r*n*
road, with th« hlghtst class aooommodatt«na.
Connecting train leavaa San Francisco at
1:00 p. m.
MONDAY. VTXSSSBDAT, FRIDAY. BATT7SOAT,
Arriving In Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
FRIDAY, BUNDAT, TOEBDAT. WEDS23DAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the yaar. Pullman Palac* and
upholstered Tourist Cars leave Cdkland Molt
for Denver, Kaowaa City, Chicago and tn* East
6:*o p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton, Fresno, Ranford, Ylamttsw
Tulare and Bakersfleld. forniahes good local
trala service.
TOYO KISEN KAISIIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
tier of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Bhanghal. and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARTJ Tuesday. Jan. 1»
NIPPON MARU Friday, Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
DIED.
Andrews. Cecelia Roster. Walter E.
Bradley, John Lagomarslno, Anto-
Cobby, Minnie L». nio
Conner, Julia M. Larloe, Anton
Dempsey, James Leary. Mrs. Hannah
Dwyer. Ethel M. Macy. Mary F.
Ferrogglaro, Annie Marks. Rose
Finley, Marcaret J. Mulhern. James
Hatfleld, Anthony Nerney. Caroline F.
Hayes. Susan O'Keefe, Catherine
Hyman. Ldlie Quinn. Samuel G.
Krutmejer, Captain Wells. Catherine
Oustav B. Woldenberg, Samuel
ANDREWS— in this city. January 1, 1900, Cece-
lia Andrews, beloved wife of Nlcholaus An-
drews, a native of Cardiff, Wales, ajjed 23
years and 2 months.
(C7Fri(»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send Etreets.
BRADLEY— In this city. January S, 1900, John,
beloved son of Maggie and Michael Bradley,
a native of Ban Francisco, aXed 2 years and
6 months.
COBBY— In this city, January 3, 1500, Minnie
L., beloved wife of Albert E. Cobby, a na-
tive of Springfield, Or., aged 39 years and
20 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her Bister, Mrs. G. Q. Stewart, 604 Broderick
strest, corner of Grove. Interment private,
Masonic Cemetery.
CONNER— In this city, January 2, 1900, Julia
M. Conner, beloved aunt of Mrs. J. Mag-orty
and Joseph, Robert, Katie and Frank Miller
and Maria Conway. a native of New York,
a£Pd 6a years.
(C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private, in St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat.
DEMPSEY — In Oakland. January I. 1900.
James, beloved husband of Julia Dempsey,
brother of Daniel, Jeremiah and Timothy
Dempsey, and son-in-law of Patrick O'Con-
nell, a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged
85 years.
DWYEIt— In this city, January 3, 1900. Ethel
Mary, Infant daughter of William and Mar-
caxet Dwyer, and sister of Julia, Agnes,
Ellen, Frances and Willie Martin Dwyer, a
native of San Francisco, aged 8 months.
ICT'FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 318 Clementina street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERROGGIARO— In this city, January 1, 1900,
Annie, dearly beloved wife of Natale Ferrog-
giaro. and devoted mother of Lizzie, Louise,
Nathan, Ansrelo, George and Fred Ferrog-
giaro, Mrs. F. Cuneo and Mrs. A. Devincenzi.
and grandmother of Emlle Cuneo, and sister
of Louis. Joseph, Thomas and Antone Gui-
nasso and Mrs. S. Arata, a native of Genoa,
Italy, aged 45 years 10 months and 12 days.
ICTTho funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), from her late residence, 815
Union street, thence to St. Peter and Paul's
Italian Church, corner of Dupont and Filbert
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commenclns at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FINLEY— In this city, January 2. 1900, Mar-
garet J.. widow of Richard Flnley, and
mother of Peter J., Mary C. and Jennie C.
Finley and Mrs. Peter J. McGlynn, a native
of Brooklyn, N. V., aged 65 years.
ICTFrlends are invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from St.
Mary's Church (Paulists'), corner California
and Dupont streets.
HATFIELD— In Alameda, January 3, 1900,
Anthony J. Hatfleld, beloved husband of Mag-
gie Hatfleld, and father of Clarence V., Lenox
C, Forest N. and Mildred N. Hatfleld. a
native of Yarmouth, N. S., aged 65 years 2
months and 7 days. A member of Oak Grove
Lodge, F. and A. M., Alameda; Wlnnemucca
Tribe No. 61, I. O. R. M., and Sargent Lodge
No. 365, I. O. O. F. (Massachusetts papers
please copy.)
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 11:30 o'olock, at his
late residence, 2216 San Jose avenue. Ala-
meda. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via the San Mateo electric cars, Steuart and
Market streets, at 1:30 o'clock. '
HAVES— In this city. January 2. 1900, Susan,
beloved wife of the late James Hayes, and
mother of Patrick and Samuel Hayes, Mrs.
C. McElroy and the late James and Robert
Hayes and Mrs. Mary Lubner. a native of
the parish of Dunness, County Clare, Ire-
land aged SS years.
Icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 29 Natoma -street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HYMAN— In Oakland, January 2. 1900, LJlle,
beloved wife of Dave Hyman. a native of
Illinois, aged 29 years.
C7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day).* at 11 o'clock, at her late residence, 162
Moss avenue. Oakland. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery, San Francisco.
KOSTER— In this city, January l, 1900. Walter
E. Kotter, fifth son of Mr. and Mrs. John L.
Koster. a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years and 7 months.
C7F"uneral and Interment took place Janu-
ary 3, 1900. at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KRUTMEJER— In this city. January 3. 1900.
Captain Gustav Berger, beloved husband of
Anna H. Krotmejer, and father of Cornelia
and Hortense Krutmejer, a native of Stock-
holm, Sweden, aged 65 years 2 months and
23 days.
ZJr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 1. at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post.
LAGOMARSINO— January 1. 1900. Antonio La-
gomaralno. beloved husband of Rosle Lagro-
A BRANCH nrflo» for Call adv<M-t!«<>tnentB and
¦ulw'-riptlor.s hr.f, be»«n *BtabliEhed at the
corth»-«-«t corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
t«fVv f».: r;*n till 9 n. m.
Ban Francisco office. 638 Market at., t*l*pooa«
Main 153 L
Oakland offlce, 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento offlce, ZOl J etreet.
Baa Jose office, I West Santa Clara street.
IitNRY d. GALLAGHMR CO..
fSnccessors to Flannaran & Gallisrher),
FUKKRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBR3,
M l"i/tn st.. opposite L\neola ricUoal.
Telephone Eou.il SO.
BOOMS WASTED.
WANTKD— 2 or 3 furr.lEhed light housekeeping
by man and *rtfe; nice family; references *x-
chanireil: rl^e particulars. Box 41R0. Call.
McAVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3,
' 1235 Market St.. between Bth and 9th.
Telephone South 247.
Club (domen discuss
C7he twentieth Century QirL
s
Seneral jCawton g Gmma Tfevada
as J a as a
Jfnew jfcim. g California Sirl.
By CAPTAIN N. FRANK g
LESLIE, Chief Scout. . O
/jto ffext\
\V 1^& li I
V\ H jf*Bnß /£
©
o
Tfome as a Sold* % Vhe fa'rst detection
f o
Seeker's {Paradise § in Tfome City.
- — o
o
California's o S/Sooksj
J*irst jCeyislature. g fashion, faction.
c
Keadffext Sunday's Call, January ?.
IN 3 DAYS
... VIA ...
Chicago, Union Pacific
.. . AND. ..
Northwestern Line
Enry D»r la ta* Tear from Baa Traasise*
AT 8:30 A. M.
BsAt, Bsukiag and Libnry Cart, witt
tartar.
D««bl( Draving-rooa Ble«;iag Cars.
Dlaing Cars— intals a la earta.
Brtakfwt la D'.a:r oa Learls; Oaklaaa Pier.
Dally Thrtagi Tourist Cir to Ctileagi Wl&ost
Caaag* at 8:30 P. K.
ft. K. It ITCH lE,
3 S.w Kntoatrj St. Sta. Ast. FadSs Cant,
Film S«t«l. 8-15 reANCI3CO.
¦»cxiiKßTt PAvrric coixrAjrr.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trala* ¦•**« nail nrr duo to nrrli* ml
(Main line. Foot of Jiarkcfe Street)
iaatb) — From Deczmber 15, 1309. — ir.Jtn
*7sooa. Benlcia, Euisun, Elmira, Vacvrtile,
Ituinsey and Sacramento I *7:43y
•7t«»*. Shasta Expres3— D»tU, Willows,
£e<l Bluff; Portland •7:43r
•7:30 a Martinez, .- j :; Uaoion, VaUejo. N *i *.
CaiiatcsacQ'l Santa [:><¦» *Bsl3p
¦8:30 a Tlia Overland Llaiited— Ogden, Dea.
ver, Omaha, Chicago *3i13?
•SiS*a Eait Jose, LtTermcre. Ktockton,
loce, Kacranipnto, Flacrrrlile,
M*ryy»H!e. Chico. Ke<l Ulull Mil**
•¦iB«a •Milton. Oakdslo and Honora MilSf
# O:OOa Hayrranls, Nile* and Way Stations. M 1: 13*
•9:00 a Dbtu, Woodlard. Knights Landing-.
llarrsTillo,Or!>tille *7:-<S»
• 9:00* Atlantis Rxpress— O^len and East *U:-I3*
•9:OOa Martinez, Tracy, LatUrop, btodtton,
3lcrc-»l and Fresno •12:13r
•9i*Oa Pert Costa, li'reeno, Mojare and lei
Anßelrs •O:l3p
•10:00* Vallcj ). Martinez and Way Htatlons *0: 13?
•11 :OOa Ilajrortfs, KUcs ami Way Stations. »2:43»
•ISS:OOai Nilcs. Urermore, htcqkion, Harra-
ta- n- ¦. Mcndota, Hocforil. Vk.-^.i,
Fcrterfllle **tI8»
fl:OOp Pncramento IMrerStcnm*™ f<:OOp
•3:00 r Hayirard.% Kilea ana Way Stations. •¦">: 13 r
•4:0«r Martinez. Hun Uaronn. Vallejo,
Napa, OalUtoga, tiaiitallosa *Vil9a
«li«Of Ccnlcla, VacaTlllc, Hacramento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
MarysTillp, OroTilln » •10:4.1 -
MtSOpKtlcs, Han Joso anil Stockton •7il3*
•3:*orTho Ov»i Limited— Tracy, Fierao.
Baktr :tie! J, tiaugus for banta Bar-
bara, Lrs Acqelea *I*s43a
•SsOOr Sucset Limited— El Paso, Hew Or-
leans end K.i -t elS>!-*3»
•3«aoy Btockton. Sffrceil. Fresno Mail3r
•3:30p Fi.-si.o, liatteralielil. SauU llnrltara,
Los Acgeles, Iteming, El Paso,
New Orleaua anil Eut •»«43a
•3i3or Ratita K» Konte — Atlantic Exprea*
for Mi>ja»« ami East *8:O»
•SiOOp ITaywardj, Kiles anil San Jose •7:-l:»*
fSiaOr Vallejo M2jl3p
•0i3«» p Oriental Mail— OgJen and East 'SiSO?
i~:OOp Valk'jo, 1"..r; Costa and Way Sta-
tions. t»:33r
•StOßr Oregon and California lixpresn.Wac-
rnineiito, MarjaTilie. IV
Pnttlatiil. Piigft .Soiii.il ami r.aai *giia4
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Jiaege).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•S:lii liowailt.l er.terTille^au Joao.tVlUia,
IkmUlerCreek.SaiitaCruzantt Way
BtaUOD» •SaSO*
t*<lSp Kewark, CeutetTille, San .lose, X w
AlmadeD, Fclton, ItonMer Creek,
H:u t± Cruz and l'rincipal Way
Statlous fioino*
•'il.ipNeirark, .San Joan, Los Gatoa. »l»:aOA
»ll:13p Ilnntera" Excnrsion, Sac Joso and
Way S tat ior a 17*9»T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaSia riilCCCS— ftel «.' UuUt t:r«.: ..• .i -! —
•7:15 8:00 ll:00».M. |I:C3 *2:53 t3:^
•4:03 J3::3 •B::3r.M.
rrsmOHUSD— fo»l »f Briaiitt.— «C:oo 8:00 10-.00h.M.
t!2:C3 *I::3 t3:C3 «3:C3 ti:C3 ?B:C3g.M.
COAST DIVISION ii:ri).il(.,iii?r).
(Thlr.l :n:d Tawnsentl Sta.>
1O:IO,v Ocean View, South ban FtancUco.. 10-.: lot
•7tO«A Ban Joso an.l V.'ay KUtlmia (New
Alinadcn Wednesdays nuly) •li>0»
•OiOOa Ban .1 =\ Ties t'iuos. H i> ;.i ( rux.
' TaciUc tlrove. l p aso llublos. Bau
•* I.nia i .-I i.^i-.i. .Surf, Lompoc ami
riincii<al Way StaUnna # 4«JOp
•I«|4O« San .losu nii.l Way Stations »«:33a
•I :i~o* San JO3O r.u ! Way stations *3i3op
?a:lsr S.iti .Mateo, lltdwoo.l, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Kacta Clara, Baa .lose.
Tr.s Finos. Bant* Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey ami l'acilic Grora tIO::iB\
?3:n«p San .Toso and Way Stations *7530»
fl:lsr San Jose and Principal Way Stations # »:13a
t .*>:!>:» i> San Jonoaad Principal Wa7 Stationa t'J:O«\
*5:30r BaaJcaa ani Triucipal Way Statlous *R:33*
•B:30p San Jose aud V.'ay Stations t^tOOA
H1.4.-.P San Jrsr and Way atatlcna *7:30r
A. for Morning. 1* fur Afternoon.
• Daily. t Snmlay exempted. t Sunday only.
b Saturday on'y.
iLTnesdaTS and Fridays . c Thursdays and Sundays.
CALIFORNIA NOOTWESTERN BT. CO. 1
2JE3SSH3H
SAX FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Fsrry. Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:»,
S:3O. 5:10. 8:30 D. m. Thursdays— Extra tri»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tr:;* at 1:61
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-S:0O. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; l:S0. 1:30.
6:00. *:Zj d. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FTtANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS- 4:10. 7:30. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; li:«S,
t:4O, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 8:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS-S:10. 9:40. U:W a. ra.: 1:40. 3:4*. 8:08,
(:2S o. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Scbnetzen Park
aame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
• October 13,
Week Sun- 1539. Sun- W«ek
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
T:3O am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am t:4O ant
: 8:30 pm 9:30 sun Petaluma. «:"i pm 10:23 ana
1:10 pm i.CO pm Santa Rosa. Tdl pm f:22 pm
Fulton,
I:J0 mm Windsor. 13-J3 aca
Healdsburs.
Lytton.
Gej-s*rvllle.
1:39 pm 1:00 am Cloverdals. 7r35 pen i-tt pra
7:30 am Hopland and
3:00 am Uklah. 7:3S pm <:22 pra
T:SO am 10:3S am
8:00 am GnernerrQle. T:SS pm
1:30 pm 5:23 pna
T:3O am 3:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 3:40 aca
and
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Clm Ellen. 1:95 pm a : 33 pna
T:SO am 8:00 am SebastopoL 19:40 amilO:3s asa
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm 7:35 pia. (:23 pna
Stages connect at ?ar.ta Rosa for Mark West
Eprin^s and Whlt» Sulphur Pprings; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Gcyservllla for Ska^zs
Springs; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvtlle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
tort and Bartlett Sprlrgs; at Uklah for Vtchy
prlnn, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laur«i
Dell Lake, Witter Sprintca. Upper L«ks. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. LJerley's.
Bucknell'ii. Sanhedrtn HelsMs. Hullvtlla, Orr*s
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Uaal. Wlllltts. Laytonvtlla. Cum-
mln<"s. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Bcctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r*»
4nced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
fceyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Ofnc-s. 6^> Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITINO. " R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pasa. Axeat.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via WawiiHf Parry.
Commencing October 1. ISO.
STtOM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALVE*
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WETTK DAYS— T:^ *9:30. 11:00 a. m.- n-41
•3:40, 5:13, 6:ou. «:30 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and flaturdavi.
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— "^OO, »10:00, «ll:30 a. m.- «l-li
1:15, «4:43. 6:30. 9:00 p. m. '^
Trains marked (•) run to fan Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAY 3-3:23. t:2i. 7:45, »8:40 a. m. :
•11:30, 2:15. *3:40, *S:K; p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday* and
Saturdays at 6:4.) and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. »8:C0, *10:00. 11:45 a, m.-
•1:40. «3:U. 4:45. »S:3O p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45. 7:i5. 9:45 a. ra.;
12:33, 2:35. 3:4.', S:2O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:CO and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS-.5:06, 10:C5 a. m.; 12:03. 3:13, J3O.
6:CO, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
t:CO a. m. we»k days — Cazadero and way stations.
3:40 p. ra. Saturdays— Tomales and ray stations.
3:CO a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way atationa,
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCE.MJ RAILHAi"
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
WteV Days— B:3o a. m. and 1:45 p. m,
atandaya..3:oo. 10:00 a. ra. aad 1:15 p. nv
Bt«am-taeat«d, cloned ear on all trains.
Far«..b4a Vnaclsco to Summit aad Udturt,
11POLICE WILL RISK IT.
Consternation was manifested yester
day among the police who are eligible for
retirement on the pension list, as tHey
had been requested to call at 11 o'clock
at Police Headquarters. They felt satis
fled that' they were .to be asked to send
in their resignations, and they did not
relish the outlook. They were not asked
to resign, but were offered tho privilege
of so doing. 'It was pointed out to them
that they could now retire without any
trouble, as they had served the twenty
years and were over 60 years of age, but
the new charter provided that they must
be 65 years of age, and it was an open
question whether or not the new rule
would apply to them. They. all, as one
man. said they would not send in their
resignations and would take their
chances.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
One of Pittsburgh Most Estimable Business
Men Certifies to the Wonderful )
Efficacy of Cuticura.
I was a sufferer for eight years from that most distressing of all diseases,
Eczema. I tried some of the best physicians In the country, but they did me
/KSSJISIJJi'w. little good. The palms of my hands were cov-
£**^tiV^gSk ered, and would become Inflamed; little white
i 41&' «B blisters at first would appear, then they would
Cr\(e*m&tyj&£Jg P cp * °fl"» leaving a red, Fmooth surface which
i l^/*^^:!*^ would burn like fire, and itch ; well, there 13 no
1 /gSC^J^aiPilr name for it. On the inside of the upper part of
jdjj^JS^f^T both ms> lim b% great red blotches, not unlike
r^^-S^i^ hives, would appear, and as soon as I became
JB&'wgs^& V^ warm, the burning and itching would begin.
y^yv^r/'l^ Njght after night I would lie awake all night and
Bcratch and almost g° wil(i - I got a box of
\^^SVTwW CnncußA Ointment, a bottle of Cuticura
«^^^^^^>^^^^ Resolvent, and gave them a thorough trial,
an(i after a few a PP lication s I noticed the red-
CmSj,/ ness and inflammation disappear; before I had
cscd one box there was not a sign of Eczema left. I can truthfully assert
that $2-00 worth of Ccticcra Remedies cured me.
J. D. PORTE, 428 4th Aye., Pittsburg, Pa.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor.
sonslstlng of Ccticcka Soap (25c.) t to cleanse the stln of crusts and scales and soften
the thickened cuticle, Ccticcra Ointment (50c.), to allay Itching, Irritation, and Inflamma-
tion, and soothe and heal, and Ccticura Resolvent (60c), to cool and cleanse the blood.
A E'.ngle nl Is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, dUflgurlng ekln and scalp hu-
mors, rashes, ltcnlngs, and Irritations, with loss of hair, especially of Infants and children,
when the best physicians and all other remedies fall. Sold throughout the world. Pottkb
Dut g axd Cuem. Corp., Sole Props^ BoEton. M Ilo\r to Cure Every Humor," free.
lag^jjftw BAD COMPLEXIONS, pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough, oily skla,
>Vt^fesy red, rough bands with eb»peiess naiU, dry, thin, and falling hair, with Itching, scaly,
C^ 1 1T\ *) irritated scalps, prerented by CimctniA Medicinal and Toilet Soap, the most
j~\/^\ effective skin purifying and beautifying soap In the world, as well as purest and
"t f Btreetest for toilet, bath, udsorserx. Two soaps combined la one at one price, 2&o*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3-Day Specials!
The way housekeepers
have responded to our
advertisements during
the past year shows any
number of wise fore-
thoughtful people in San
Francisco. Our special
sale days are gilded op-
portunities to buy at
prices which do not pre-
vail long.
CLARET, gallon 35c
Well aeed: full Cavor.
Regularly 50c.
ITALIAN PRUNES, Ib IQo
Finest quality. S3 prunes to th 9 Xfc.
Regularly 15c. " ?
YELLOWSTONE WHISKEY,
Full qt. bot. $1.00, gallon $4.00
Regularly $1 15 and *3 CO.
BROMAN6ELON, pkg 100
Makes delicious dessert Jelly, all flavors.
Regularly 15c.
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bot — 150
Ideal brand: best and purest.
Regularly 20c.
SALAO DRESSING, bot 25c
Mrs. Herman's home-mads.
Regularly 30c.
ORANGES, dozen 25c
Placer County navel oranges.
Regularly 23c.
GERMAN DILL PICKLES, qt — 10c
Regularly iZc.
MAIL. ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old number H Stockton st.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 553.
sianers met at the Mayor's office yester
day to determine by lottery their respec
tive term of office.
Jeremiah Deasy and Oliver Everett each
won a four-year, prize. Sheldon Q. Kel
logg was the winner of a three-year term.
M. Greenblatt, who deserved better luck,
got the two-year term. A. W. Voor
sanger took the one-year package, and
will doubtless be ready to serve the public
again before Mayor Phelan's administra
tion ends.
On Saturday morning the Election Com
missioners will meet in the Registrar's
office and will perfect their organization.
A keen tight is being made for the secre
taryship, the leading candidates being
Lawrence Welch. T. J. Walsh and D. I.
Gordon. , .
The new Police Commissioners-elect
met last evening informally at the office
of Dr. W. F. McNutt. 1220 Sutter street,
on the request of Mayor Phelan that they
draw lots to determine the duration of
their respective terms of office. The four
Commissioners-elect— W. J. Biggy, W. F.
McNutt, George A. Newhall and William
Thomas— were present.
At the representation of Mr. Thomas it
was decided that he and his colleagues
were only private citizens until they had
duly qualified and as such had no right
to cast lots for the duration of their re
spective terms. Action was accordingly
deferred until Monday next.
The point raised by Mr. Thomas, was
presented to the new Park Commission
ers yesterday afternoon and Reuben H.
Lloyd, one of the oldest and best lawyers
In the city, attached very little Importance
to it.
Mr. Thomas may be surprised to learn
that he will still be a private citizen after
he takes his oath of office. He will not
attain to the solemn dignity and pro
found responsibility of an office-holder
until he receives his commission from the
Mayor. Moreover, the Mayor must state
in the commission the length of time the
Commissioner is expected to serve, and
that period is to be determined by the
chance of lottery.
One can hardly understand why, Mr.
Thomas, who was willing as a private
citizen to pledge his aupport as Police
Commissioner to the Esola programme,
should become so supersensltlve on tho
matter of adjusting In advance . each
Commissioner's term of office. ..
cancies now existing In the department
win then be filled and the board will re
ure in ravor of Its successors. Before
taking up their evening's business th«
Commissioners gracefully submitted to
having a last picture taken. Mr. Tobin
M .r. Alvord and Mr - Gunst occupied seats
at the table, as did also ex-Chief Lees
& e \£? t ptaln SW 1 - CaptalM Spil
lane, Wittman. Dunleavy and Glllen
stood behind the Commissioners and
posed becomingly. The* ordeal over. Ihe
board took up the business of the even-
Ihe case of Officer W. E. Rice, who was
c . har Ked by Joseph Kane with having
done him bodily harm without provoca
tion, was called. Kane acted as prosecut
ing attorney and examined William Me
tl U Mfl" i\ Ai !t am ? nrt Frank Barton, who
testified to the misconduct of Rice Sen
ator El. Wolff, who acted as the po
liceman s attorney, made a strong 'fight
for his client, but Judge Tobin seemed to
feel that Rice had done wrong In not put
ting on his coat when he left his house
to chastise Kane, and had not acted as an
officer should. <
Policeman Boukofsky was brought be
fore the board for being intoxicated wnile
on duty. Sergeant Mahoney was the com
plaining witness and he testified how
Boukofsky had fallen down the steps
while in an inebriated condition. Bou
kofsky in his own behalf said that he had
been on duty at the polls for nine nours
without being relieved and was taken sick
and a drug clerk prescribed whiskey for
him and this affected him, and while go-
Ing up stairs to change his uniform he
stubbed his toe against an iron plate
tripped and fell down the stairs. Captain
Wlttman said that Boukofsky was a good
officer and had never been reported for
dereliction of duty. Sergeant Mahoney
seemed anxious to make a strong case
against the unfortunate policeman and
added other damaging facts to his testi
mony. Commissioner Tobin Instructed
Captain Wittman to substitute rubber for
the material now in use on the station
steps. •
Officer Callahan was tried for the same
offense and was given a severe reprimand
by President Tobin. Callahan's captain
and sergeants paid him a high compli
ment as an officer and this fact mitlsattd
his offense.
Policeman Phelan was the most unfor
tunate of the lot. He was charged with
neglect of duty because he did not pay at
tention to incoherent statements made to
him by Antoine Aschsletter that a man
who murdered his wife was in a saloon on
Phelan'a beat.- For failure to Investigate
the matter Phelan was mulcted a month's
salary, but had the satisfaction of hear
ing Captain Splllane say that' he was nn
honest policeman and attended strictly to
business.
The case of Special Officer Herman Hot
bush, charged with assaulting a citizen,
was postponed two weeks at the request
of Attorney Sweeney.
Ignatian's Grand Ball.
All arrangements have been completed
for the grand ball to be given on the
evening of the 12th Inst. in Native Sons'
main hall by Ignatlan Council of tho
Young Men's Institute.. It is expected
that this will be the grandest social
event that has ever been given by this
very popular council.
A Youthful Burglar.
Philip Snook, a 15-year-old boy, was ar
rested yesterday by Detective Cody and
Special Officer John Allen, and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of burg
lary. He is accused of having stolen a
purse containing $55 from Mrs. H. M.
Davis, a writer on the Wave, while she
was purchasing some goods at the Em
porium Tuesday morning.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists.
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
INFLICTED HEAVY FINES
Heavy fines were Inflicted by the Board
of Police Commissioners at their meeting
last evening. Officer John Phelan was
fined $100 for'neglect of duty, William E.
Rice was mulcted of $50 for unofflcerlike
conduct, Charles Callahan $25 for Intoxica
tion, and E. N. Boukof sky was fined a
like sum for the same offense. 4
The meeting was devoted to the trial
of the officers mentioned for the various
offenses, and as the session lasted until
a late hour the. Commissioners decided to
hold their final meeting this afternoon at
4 o'clock. It is understood that the va-
The Best.
The best Is Rood enough for most people, and
It Is always found at ZV.nkand's. the best of
everything, viands, service and music. •
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSIONERS
Two Obliged to Resign' Office in. the
Merchants' Association. . i
All the directors of the Merchants' As
sociation were present at the special,
meeting yesterday to take action upon
the cases of two of the directors. Mayor
I'helan appointed Director Watt upon the
Fire Commission and Director Quinn upon
the Civil Service Commission. As it has
always been the unwritten law of the
Merchants' Association that. none of its
directors shall occupy a public office
while serving upon the board, Directors
Watt and Quinn very reluctantly sent In
their resignations from the board of
directors. As it waa deemed advisable to
retain the precedent so long sustained in
the administration of the association, the
board with great regret decided to accept
the resignations of these two directors.
Regarding the appointment of Secretary
Freud as a Civil Service Commissioner, it
was deemed consistent with the policy of
the association to permit Mr. Freud to act
In that capacity, as the secretary has no
vote in the board of directors.
A resolution was unanimously adopted
that Secretary Freud be permitted to ac
cept the appointment as Civil Service
Commissioner as tendered to him by
Mayor Phelan and retain his present posi
tion as secretary of the association, be
ing allowed to devote sufficient time to
the duties and requirements of the Civil
Service Commission. The board also de
cided to lend its assistance In every way
to the successful introduction and estab
lishment of the civil service system in
this city according to the provisions of
the new charter.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild.' 334 Post St.- ¦ &•*)
Emperor Franz Josef of Austria spends
1.250.000 francs a year on the imperial
table.
Mail on a Freight Steamer.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3.— The steamship
Tauric of the White Star line, which ar
rived to-day, brought 630 sacks of mail.
Owing to the withdrawal of so many of
the line for transports by the British
Government the companies are hard
pressed for fast boats to carry the mall.
The Tauric. which is a freight ship, was
eleven days In crossing.
Don't drink the first thine the bartender
offers. Call for Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey.
PURSER ROWLAND
DROPS BAGS OF
COIN OVERBOARD
Golden Double Eagles
in the Bay.
CUSTODIAN NEARLY FOLLOWS
VIOLENT LURCH OF THE NEW
PORT CAUSED THE LOSS.
The southeaster of Tuesday morning
last proved disastrous to one man on the
water front. It will cost him a well
earned position and entails a loss of about
$1000 on the Pacific Mail Company.
The Mail Company's steamer Newport
came back from Manila about ten days
ago and Monday, last was returned to her
owners by the Government. While the
vessel was In the Central American trade,
J. Howland acted as storekeeper, but as
soon. as she was chartered by the Govern
ment as .a transport the regular purser
was put on the waiting list and Howland
was made to do the duty of purser and
storekeeper for one man's salary. During
the voyage " he disbursed all the ship's
money and on his return had to give an
accounting of his stewardship, as a mat
ter of course.
Unfortunately for him, Howland had to
square' his accounts the morning of the
southeaster. The Newport had been
moved to the Mail Dock, and he started;
ashore when the^ealewas at its worst.
Tho ship's cash on hand, about. $1500 all
told,. was In three sacks. • Howland carried
two of these and a quartermaster the
third. While both men were on the gang
plank the steamer gave a violent plunge
and Howland was nearly •thrown over
board. To save 'himself he dropped tho
bags of money and grasped the ropes of
tho companion-way. Even then he, would
have fallen between the ship and' the
wharf had noftho quartermaster dropped
his sack of money and pulled him to a
place of safety.
The money was gone and all there was
for Howland to do was to make a report
of the loss. Yesterday morning a diver
was set to work and he recovered one of
the bags. It was securely tied, but when
opened there was only silver money found
in it. The valuable bag of twenty-dollar
gold pieces was still missing and tho
search was continued. Finally an empty
coin sack was found. The fastening was
gone and not a trace of the contents could
be found. A dredger was then put at
work- and all It brought up was mud. In
which there were no twenty-dollar gold
pieces. The search ;• for the money . has
cost the Mail Company more than $100.
The search will be continued to-day.
Purser Howland Is a great favorite In
the Mail Company's service, and every
body feels sorry for the mishap that is
likely to cost him so dear.
CASTING OF LOTS FOR
LONG AND SHORT TERMS
PARK AND ELECTION COMMIS
SIONERS MEET.
A. B. Spreckels, Jasper McDonald,
Jeremiah Deasy and Oliver
Everett Each Win a
Four- Years' Prize,
Frederick W. Zelle. A. B. Spreckels.
Reuben H. Lloyd. Jasper McDonald and
John A. Stanton. who were recently ap
poinated by Mayor Phelan to constitute
the Park Commission of San Francisco
met at Mr. Zelle's office in the Mills
building yesterday afternoon and cast lots
for long, short and intermediate terms
A. B. Spreckels and Jasper McDonald
each won a four-year term. Leuben
Lloyd pulled out a three year ticket
John A. Stanton, artist ar.<l teacher of
drawing, only drew a two-year term
while Fred Zelle, who conducted the
drawing, secured the shortest term— one
year.
Mr. Zelle's term, however, will expire
before the expiration of Mayor Phelan's
term of office, hence he stands In line for
appointment to a full term of four years.
Next week the Commissioners will meet
to organize the board.
The newly appointed Election Commis-
CRAZED with liquor and laboring under the hallu
cination that the road back to town lay across the
Pacific Ocean, a young man said to be William Mc-
Donald, a collector for Baldwin & Howell, drove his
rig yesterday afternoon Into the surf at a point about mid
jvay between the Olympic Club pier and the Cliff House,
"urging the horse out until an unusually large roller swept
the frightened animal from its feet, nearly overturned the
buggy and half drowned its frenzied occupant. McDon
ald was pitched from his seat and barely saved himself
from being carried out to sea by grasping the seat of the
floating vehicle. He was nearly smothered by the waves,
as It was, and surely would have drowned but for the
timely arrival of assistance from the- shore.
Jack O'Brien of Philadelphia, who is matched to fight
with Al Neill at Woodward's Pavilion to-morrow night,
and Jack Edwards, who is training Phil Green for his con
test with Fred Ast on the same date, were the heroes of the
occasion. O'Brien and Edwards were standing on the ver
anda of the Seal Rock House a few minutes after 4
o'clock when their attention was attracted by McDonald's
efforts to force his horse into the surf. The animal appre
ciated the danger and twice bolted back to the shore.
On the third trial McDonald succeeded in forcing the
horse several hundred feet from the shore. The tide was
out and the water only came up to the animal's breast.
The rig had approached to within fifty feet of the end
of the pier when O'Brien, who had been watching the
outfit through a field glass, suddenly exclaimed:
"Look there; something Is wrong."
Horse and Reckless Driver Nearly Swept Away at Ocean Beach.
He had scarcely spoken when the horse disappeared
from view to reappear a moment later floundering wildly
toward the shore and dragging the nearly capsized buggy.
McDonald appeared to be caught In the wheels. O'Brien
dropped the glass and started on a run to the rescue, close
ly followed by Edwards. Alternately swimming and
wading they soon reached the buggy and found McDonald
hanging half in and half out of the vehicle nearly uncon
scious, but holding onto the seat with a deathlike grip. By
almost superhuman efforts they succeeded In quieting the
horse and getting McDonald clear of the rig. By this time
Jack Monroe, O'Brien's trainer, arrived, and between the
three the whole outfit was brought ashore. McDonald had
swallowed a large amount of salt water and it required
vigorous work for a few minutes to bring him around.
McDonald is a smooth-shaven young fellow and weighs
about 120 pounds, but when the salt water had been
squeezed out of him and he had partially regained his
senses he was unable to appreciate the fact that he had
Just been rescued from almost certain death and wanted to
fight everybody in sight. One of the crowd that witnessed
the rescue recognized him and finally put him in his buggy
and drove back to town with him. The affair was witnessed
by fifty people, a number of whom were at the water's
edge when a tragedy seemed impending, but they were ap
parently too dazed to attempt a rescue.
When O'Brien and Edwards came to town last nleht
they found that the. story of their gallant deed had pre
ceded them and they were congratulated for their hero
ism all along the line.
"Jack" O'Brien and "Jack" Edwards Plunge Into
the Surf to Save William McDonald.
PUGILISTS SAVE A DROWNIHG MAN
SUPERVISORS MANFULLY
MAINTAIN ALL PLEDGES
Telephone Ordinance Adopted
on Lines Laid Down by Lane.
Car Turntables Declared Nuisances and
Ordered Removed From the Streets.
Routine Work Completed.
£^-=> T the regular meeting of the Board j
if U of Supervisors yesterday after
jL — \\ n<>on Mayor Phrlan read his veto
ll Wof Supervisor Algeltfnger's origl
nal telephone ordinance. In his j
message his Honor gave as his reason for
objection that City and County Attorney
Lane had. in an official opinion, declared
the ordinance as presented Illegal, and he
thought it would be a waste of time and
money to act further upon it and risk the
chance of legal contest. Although the
Mayor read his veto only yesterday its
purport was known nearly a week ago.
At that Umo it was published in the news
papers and the Mayor ihen promised to
bring to the board an ordinance which he
declared would be drawn upon legal lints.
as laid down by the Supervisors' official
advisor.
Despite the apparent sincerity of .Mr. j
Phelan's promises the majority in the ;
board had not the greatest faith. The
Mayor's opposition to the original resolu
tion and his evident desire to postpone any I
action upon it had been too plain and they
feared that hia plan was to gain to the
next board the honor of offering and pass
ing a resolution which would end. once
and for all. one of the greatest imposi
tions inflicted upon the people under the
present form ot government. s "P« r *£^
Aigeltinger at once sought the best legal
advice in the city and had Prs? ared h a^Vt;
dinance along the lines laid down b> Cltj
and County Attorney Lane. It was sucn
en ordinance as the Mayor himself would
have presented had he carried out the let
ter of his promise, and according to the
ber* legal opinion was quite within tn«
£w: "ft differed from the original order
only in that it Imposed a. license upon i aU
telephones Instead of upon mckel-in-the
elot instruments alone, and reduced the
Quarterly tax from $1 to 5u cents ;
When it came to a "show down before
the board yesterday Mayor Phelan so far
made gooa his promise as to announce
Sit hf had hd P^pared an ordinance
which he considered would fill the re
quirements of Attorney Lane. He did not
order it read, but when it was demanded
by Supervisor Aigeltinger It developed
that no amount was fixed as a quarterly
license and when questioned on this point
Mayor Phelan attempted to carry con
sideration over to the next board by sug
pesains that it Fhould go again before tne
City and County Attorney upon that
point. Supervisor Aigeltinger disagreed
with him and insisted upon the considera
tion of his resolution, which contained
none of the Mayors omissions. The ques
tion was called and there were but two
votes in opposition. The resolution was
only passed to print and the present board
has nothing to do with Its linal passage.
However, that Is a duty for the Incoming
board and it will doubtless carry* out the
Intention of the present body and spread
the ordinance on the city's law books by
a unanimous vote. 1
Supervisor Aigeltinger's second tele
phone resolution making it a misdemeanor
for any firm or corporation carrying on a
telephone business within the city and
county to demand pay for a switch with
out having first furnished connection was
finally passed, and needs only the Mayor's
gig-nature to become law.
The much discussed turntable ordinance
also came up on final passage and went
through with seven votes. The anti-turn
table law passed to print on the 7th of
last August. It prohibited the operation
of street car turntables upon any cross
walks within the city and county and
was designed to do away with the nul
eanccs now maintained at the end of
Halght street* at Fifth and Market
streets. Post and Market and at Geary
and Market streets, by the Market-street
Hallway Company. Since its Introduction
It has been bitterly fought by that corpo
ration and its agents were present In the
board rooms yesterday, armed with every
pull, financial or otherwise, which was
calculated to convince members of the
board that the order was not good law.
Notwithstanding the tremendous press
ure which was brought to bear the board
Ftooa acain manfully to its duty. The
smooth work of the Market-street corpo
ration's agents was of little avail, so lit
t>, in fact, that so soon as opportunity
offered Supervisor Edward Kalben made
way for himself and demanded that the
resolution be taken up out of order and
given the consideration of which it had
fo long been deprived. His motion was
<luly seconded and Mayor Phelan was
forced to announce it. There were but two
votes against the suspension. Then the
vote to finally adopt the resolution came
on and It carried with but four votes in
dlFPent.
The recommendation of the Judiciary
Committee was adopted to the effect that
the ord>r providing for a reduced rate on
streetcar fares to workingmen during
certain hours of the day be indefinitely
postponed, Byington. Deasy and Perrault
voting against postponement and Lack
mar.n absent. Eylngton's amendment to
refer it to the incoming board was lost.
The second order providing for reduced
fares to school children was also in
definitely postponed by the same vote.
Uyington, who Introduced the orders,
spoke jn favor of it, saying that similar
orders were successfully operated in sev
eral other cities.
The resolution awarding the contract to
furnish title insurance on the lots in the
proposed park panhandle and Mission
park to the Calliornia Title Insurance and
Trust Company for the sum of $25,114 51
was passed to print.
The order prohibiting the driving of ve
hicles with one wheel on the outer track
and the other on the bituminous pave
ment was finally passed.
Action on the resolution- providing for
the payment of $4000 to the Park Pan
handle Commissioners was postponed to
allow the incoming board to take up its
consideration.
The Mayor's veto of the privilege
granted by the board to the San Francisco
Ilrick Company to blast in the Flint
Tract was passed to print. The reason
for the Mayor's objection was that a
similar privilege was denied without suffi
cient reason to Quimby & Harrelson, who
complain of the discrimination.
Perrault introduced an amended order
to the one originally Introduced by
Kalben. providing for the muzzling of
greyhounds when training for coursing in
the public streets. I'errault's order pro
vided for the muzzling of all dogs, and.
after some discussion that waxed humor
ous, it was indefinitely postponed.
The Market Street Railway Company
signified Its intention to erect ornamental
iron poles for the electric line on Howard
street, from its easterly terminus to
Twenty-fourth street. The Mayor direct
ed that the communication be made a
matter of record, as the board had re
cently passed a resolution allowing the
company the privilege of using temporary
wooden poles on both Howard and Tweny
fourth streets.
The National Athletic Club was granted
permission to hold a boxing contest be
tween January 1 and 15 on payment of the
usual license.
The telephone company was directed to
place an extension telephone in the pri
vate office of the superintendent of the
City and County Hospital.
The Board of Fire Commissioners was
authorized to purchase ten folding beds,
to be paid for out of the insurance con
tribution fund.
The balance of taxes paid under protest,
amounting to $512 94. was placed to the
credit of the appropriation for License
Collector's blanks, tags, etc.
The resolution allowing the sum of ?400
to the Tax Collector for extra clerks dur
ing January, ISOO, was postponed for one
w*ek.
The Superintendent of Streets was em
powered to construct a bituminous rock
sidewalk and runway in front of the
police station on Spventeenth street at a
cost not to exceed $230.
The following petitions were referred to
proper committees:
National Athletic Club, to ' give a
boxing exhibition in February; Butchers*
Board of Trade, requesting that the li
cense tax on meat peddlers, with the
per.alty attached, be maintained under the
new charter.
The board adjourned to meet to-morrow
at 2 p. m., when all its official affairs will
be wound up.
WAIT OF DEEP DISTRESS
AND CRY OF VENGEANCE
Democrats of the Rank and File
Ignored by Mayor Phelan.
Seven High Places Given to the Aristocrats
of the Pacific Union Club— An Eagle
Eye on Police Contingent Fund.
THERE is a wall of disappointment
in every club of the unwashed
"south of the slot." Mingled with
the wails of Democratic distress 13
a cry of political vengeance. The
agony In the camp of the young workers
in the Democratic party is caused by
Mayor Phelan's turn down of the rank
and file. In the Twenty-eighth and Twen
ty-ninth the remark is heard on all sides,
"This is Mayor Phelan's finish."
A Democratic leader keen of perception
and sharp of tongue likened the struggle
to a wrestling tournament. The arena
was the Mayor's office and the wrestlers
were the Pacific-Union Club aristocracy
and the south of Market street Democ
racy. There were seven falls and the Pa
cific-Union was the winner In every bout.
The successful gladiators of the club were
James Denman, Dr. W. E. Hopkins.
George A. Newhall, Reuben H. Lloyd.
A. B. Spreckels. Dr. McNutt and F. W.
Zelle. Not a fall was given to the wres
tlers hailing from the region south of
the list, a facetious Demo
crat ejaculated: "I Judge from these ap
pointments that Jlmmie is trying to get
Into society." A Democratic leader who
was sizing up the Police Commission to a
group of interested listeners remarked, as
he named one member: "He is the boss
donkey of San Francisco Do you know
that he hesitates to visit Golden Gate
Park for fear the children will ride him?
Interesting stories are told in political
circles of the indignation meeting of the
Mahoneys. One story goes that p. I. Ma
honey was on the Police Commission for
a day, but the pressure to put on Mr.
Blggy was so great that the Mayor cast
Mahoney aside. Then the Indignant Ma
honeys assembled In a council of wrath.
Frank J. Sullivan, the Mayor's precious
_ - - A * >N * J*V A ."-¦¦ .*¦ .1- ¦*¦ .¦2~~J*~- iCk
RUEF CHARGED DOOLAN
WITH AIDING SHEEHAN
TAX COLLECTOR'S CONTEST BE
COMING INTERESTING.
Defeated Democratic Candidate Now
Says That He Would Not Take
the Office as a Gift.
"Dick" Doolan, late Democratic candi
date for the office of Tax Collector, spent
a bad half hour yesterday on the witness
stand during the hearing of the Sheehan-
Scott contest before Judge Seawell. Doo
lan was called as a witness on behalf of
the contestant, as he had a knowledge
gleaned from books and papers in San
Jose of Scott's prior residence. When he
was handed over to A. Ruef, who repre
sents Scott, the difficulty began.
"Is it not a fact," said Ruef, "that you
and Sheehan put up a Job to stand to
gether and defeat Scott?"
"No," answered the witness, "emphati
°*'ls It not a fact that you are standing
with Sheehan in this contest for the
purpose of ousting Scott with the belief
that you may be appointed to fill the
vacancy if one is made."
"No," again answered Doolan." I would
r.ot take the office as a gift."
"Well, that is good." added Ruef, "for
you won't get the chance."
Garret McEnerney, who represents the
contestant, objected to Ruef s remarks,
whereupon Ruef said that he was only
jesting. This ended the incident.
A. A. Brown took the stand and testified
that Scott resided in San Jose up to the
year 1595. Joseph P. Scott identified
some letters written by the Tax Collec
tor-elect from San Jose. Sheehan gave
evidence as to his eligibility to hold the
office he seeks to retain, and Oscar Curtaz
said that Mr. Scott had been a resident
of this city since July, 1594.
Mrs. Scott, wife of the defendant in the
action, was the last witness called during
the session. She said that her husband
and herself broke up housekeeping in San
Jose in July of ISO 4 and came to this city
to reside with her husband's parents until
they could secure another home. She
also testified that for some time prior to
that time they had decided to come to this
city, and although Mr. Scott frequenly
went to San Jose on business after they
moved here, he considered, as did she,
that this city was his permanent and only
residence place. The contest goes on again
to-day.
brother-in-law, was apprised of the gath
ering of the Mahoney stormcloua ana at
once hoisted danger signals. "Central"
was shocked at the violent demonstrations
of Sullivan in hla haste to inform th»
Mayor that the Mahoneys were out for
vengeance. PheJan trembled, but. recov
ering composure, sought to change things
around to make a place for Dennis Ma
honey on the Fire Commission. The re
adjustment was accomplished by leaving
off Downey Harvey.
The contest for Chief of Police Is ren
dered doubly interesting on account of tha
contingent fund. A political leader, who
has the reputation of knowing the lnslrto
of deals, asserts that there 13 an eagle
eye on the $10,000 per annum which the
Chief is authorized to disburse without
explanation. Here is what the new char
ter provides:
Section 6. The Chief of Police may
from time to time disburse such sums
for contingent expenses of the de
partment as in his judgment shall ba
for the best interest o.f the city and
county, to be paid out ox the contin
gent fund allowed by the depart
ment. The aggregate of all such
sums shall not in any one fiscal year
exceed the sum of ten thousand dol
lars. Provision shall be made by th.9
Supervisors for such contingent fund
in the annual tax levy. The Commis
sioners shall allow and order paid out
of such contingent fund as contin
gent expenses of the Police Depart
ment, upon orders signed by the
Chief of Police, such amounts as may
be required.
"Do not run away with the notion that
the contingent fund •will escape the cun
ning observation of one member of th*
Police Commission." continued the saga
clous exponent of Democratic reform
principles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1900.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME!
¦ll £b flli I LOWEST F*RICES lIJ9 | al U
We make them ourselves and guarantee their superiority. All fitted throueh-
out with nickel trimmings, the counter tops and rails being either walnut or oak,
to suit the rest of the outfit.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1023 Mission Street, Above Sixth.
Phone South 14. Open Evenings.
12