flank. The plan is that Lyttel
ton's brigade should engage the
enemy in front, while Warren's
division tries to attack the right
flank. If Buller should succeed
in beating the Boers and joining
hands with White, the Boer
army, which must retreat across
Klip River, between Ladysmith
and Colenso, will be in a perilous
position, for Sir Redvers will be
as near Glencoe on the railway
to Newcastle as the Boers them
selves. Having chosen the most
effective direction and one which
offers the best prospects of suc
cess, General Buller has decided
to strike with all his might."
REPORTS COME FROM
BULLER AND ROBERTS
LONDON, Jan. 15.— 9:37 p. m.— The War
Office has issued the following bulletin:
"From Buller. Spearmans Camp, Janu
ary IS: One field artillery battery, a how
itzer battery and Lyttelton's brigade ar«
across the Tugela at Potgieters Drift.
The enemy's position Is being bombarded
by us.
"Five miles higher up Warren has
crossed the river by a pontoon eighty-five
yards long. He hopes his force will by
evening have advanced ' five miles from
the river to his right front. The enemy
Is busily entrenching."
"From Roberts. Cape Town. January
18: Gatacre reports that 300 men of all
ranks have been moved from Bushmans
Hoeck to Hopersburg. and the Seventy
fourth Field Battery and one company
of mounted Infantry from Sterkstroem to
Bushmans Hoeck. Otherwise there Is no
change."
The War Office has received the follow
ing dispatch from General Roberts from
Cape Town, dated to-day:
"I have received a telegram from Gen
eral Buller stating that one brigade and
a howitzer battery have crossed the Tu
gela River at Potgieters Drift. Five mllc3
farther west, at Trlcourds Drift, General
Warren has thrown a pontoon bridge over
the river. By this part of his force crossed
yesterday. The remainder is expected by
thia morning to be on the north bank.
Warren hopes he will be able to turn the
enemy's position, which, five miles off to
his right front. Is being strongly en
trenched." .*'•'¦ •' : "
MABLBOROUGH A CAPTAIN.
LONDON. Jan. IS.— The War Office an
nounces, the appointment of the Duke of
Marlborough as a staff captain in connec
tion with the Imperial Yeomanry, being
organized for service in South Africa,
CULVERTS BLOWN UP.
STERKSTROEM. Jan. 18.— Yesterday
the Boers blew up three culverta on the
Dordrecht line, five miles beyond an out
post of the police camp. The commando
at Dordrecht numbers a thousand.
GOING TO CAPETOWN.
LONDON. Jan. 19.— Rudyard Kipling:
and his family will sail for Capo Town
to-morrow (Saturday).
LONDON, Jan., 19.— There
.is a persistent rumor afloat
this morning that Lady
smith has been relieved. The
same story had reached the War
Office by midnight, coupled with
the statement that a "decisive vic
tory had been won by the British.
Officials there, while professing
to have received no further dis
patches than those given out, in
timated that perhaps the second
rumor, as indicating a battle had
been fought, might be true, but
they placed no confidence in the
first story. .
The latest news received is
contained in General Buller's dis
patch which states that General
Warren's entire force had cross
ed the Tugela at Trichardts Drift
and expected to advance five
miles from the river by last even
ing. As the Boers were in
trenched on his right front, this
clearly indicates the possibility of
an encounter at any minute, but
the relief of the besieged city is
not at hand. As to future moves
it is all guesswork. The Boers
have strong positions on Arnot
Hill Farm", some six miles from
Potgieters Drift. This position
is open to a turning movement
by the west, which would cut it
off from the Free State passes,
and by the east also, if the garri
son of Ladysmith could make a
strong movement against the en
emy's position by Onderbrook
and Groblers Kloof.
General Buller has two drifts
in his hands, , which gives him
great maneuvering power. He
is holding Colenso in front by a
brigade, having the right pro
tected and his railway line to
Frere guarded by divisional
troops. After enough men have
been left in the trenches and
drifts he would have for maneu
vering purposes besides his cay-
airy and mounted infantry about
twenty battalions of infantry.
There would be two brigades
comprising eight battalions with
batteries and. naval guns to make
a good advance and fight the
Boers, if needful, on their south
ern front. There would be some
twelve battalions, two cavalry
regiments of irregular horse and
five field batteries under General
Warren to work a way to the
west, maybe to Dewdrop or Ac
ton Homes, or perhaps farther
to the west by.Rustenberg Farm.
It is not thought ' he will at
tempt to force .» the western
passes. They, are fortified, and
the Boers have j five, if not six,
lines of communication \ by i three
'principal Free State passes, by
railway through !Charlestown, by
Landman's Drift and from ;, Vry
heid. * Warren --will-- probably
work so that he will not give the
Boers any, idea as to whether he
is making for the Free State
passes or for Ladysmith. If he
maneuvers westward, he will cer
tainly draw off some of the Boers
from their new position, which
might help General Hildyard's
forces or another near him to
take the north of Colenso posi
tion or Groblers Kloof position
in the rear and then press on and
join. hands with • General White
at Pieters Station, as White will
be on. the lookout to join in the
fray both by Pieters and by Dew-
The Morning Post's war critic
says: "There can be no question
of surprising the Boers, who
have had; a -week in which to in
trench their main position and
two .'or three days' notice cf a
possible • attack upon their- right
sented beggar and. third, as a fellow con
tributor to the big jackpot which we are
boiling up on Thomas' behalf. Have you
seen Brazil and Trinidad come into the
game?"
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Times, discussing Afrikander disloyalty,
says :
"I believe the sympathy of every Dutch
man In South Africa is with the two re
publics, and that a general rising is still
quite possible. However, there is nothing
to Implicate the bund party as a whole in
an officially organized conspiracy against
the imperial Government, although the
bund leaders have winked at or pandered
lo sedition in order to preserve their pop
ularity. The British failures and the ap
pearance of the Boers on British territory
have fomented rebellion, but even now a
decisive British victory would prevent its
further spread."
Th«* correspondent testifies to the value
of the services rendered by Mr. Schreiner.
the Cape Premier, In an embarrassing po
tltion. He speaks less highly of Mr. Hof
meyer. the real leader of the bund party,
and severely condemns the Dutch press
of the Cclcny. which, he says, is doing
Its utmost, while keeping on the windy
side of the law, to promote rebellion and
to envenom racial antagonism. .
MANY MEN WANT
TO JOIN THE BOERS
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— George W. Van
Slclen, treasurer of the American Trans
vaal fund." said to-day that between ten
and twenty able-bodied young men ap
plied to him in person every day to be sent
to South Africa to fight on the Boer side.
"Since the war started." said Mr. Van
Slclen. "there have been 1000 applications,
by actual count, of men who want to go
to the Transvaal and fight England. I
have not got the money to send them and
would not send them if I could. What
would be the use of my losing both men
and money? The British cruisers would
be sure to take the men off the ships be
fore they could reach a South African port
and it costs $240 for even a steerage ticket
to Delagoa Bay.
xne only lawful i .ing we can do in this
country is. to send money to the widows
and orphans of the Boers. But the men
who call at my office and want to be sent
out as recruits are an exceptionally fine
lot of men. They are neither beggars nor
tra- •. but bright fellows, whose sympa
thies are entirely with the Boers. Many
of them give up good positions and come
on expecting that I can send them to the
front.
PATROL OF LANCERS
AMBUSHED BY BOERS
RENSBERG. Cape Colony. Wednesday.
Jan. 17.— A patrol composed of sixteen
men of the New South Wales Lancers
and South Australians was ambushed yes
terday by the Boers and overwhelmed,
after a severe fight. Eight of the detach
ment escaped and have arrived in camp.
The remainder were killed or captured!
This morning a patrol visited the scene
of the fight and found one dead Aus
tralian and one wounded man. A number
of dead Boer horses were also found,
showing that the Australians made a gal
lant fight before surrendering.
It appears that when the Australians
encountered the first body of Boers and
found their retreat cut off they galloped
for a nearby kop.ie. hoping to beat off th«
Boers, but on arriving they found another
force of burghers concealed.
GREAT BATTLE MAY
BE COMMENCED TO-DAY
LONDON. Jan. 19. 4 a. m.— Military cir
cles In affiliation with the War Office con
sider that the expected battle along the
wide arc south and west of Ladysnv*. 1
can hardly be delayed beyond to-Uay.
From Durban It is reported that figh'ing
has already begun. General Buller's
forces engaged in the flanking operation
across the Tugela are some 13,000 or 14 OX)
bayonets. 1200 horses and forty guns. Th*»
disposition of his other 15.000 or 20.000 m»n
1? r.ot known, although the assumption is
that the whole army will be in action
when the hour for combined movement
arrives. Three weeks ago General Bulier
had 3OJOOO men. Considerable reinforce
ments have since reached him, giving him
probably 23.000 men and eighty guns all
told.
Estimates of how many men and guns
the Boers have to oppose him are mere
puess work. In not replying to General
LytteKon's shell fire they are using the
tactics that proved *o successful in the
battles' of Magersfontein and Colenso — ly
ing low In their trenches and thus hop'ng
to conceal their precise position until the
infantry advance.
The Daily Chronicle's military expert
teen a curious analogy between Geneial
}{u!ler's situation now and tbe eve of
Magersfontein. Now, as then, the Boer*
are making a stand with their backs to
investing lines within a few miles. As
Lord Methuen, after crossing Modder
River, had to attack the Spytfontein ar.l
Magersfontein hills, so General Buller,
after passing the Tugela. faces invisible
entrenchments In a rough country-
One correspondent mentions General
Buller's wheeled transport of 5003 vehicles
which connect him with the railroad,
nbout thirty miles to the rear. Among
these vehicles are thirty traction engines,
vhich draw from ten to fifteen wag-vns
each.
General Buller's warning as to the mis
use of the white flag by the Boers in his
proclamation to the troops Is considered a
rathrr broad hint to give no quarter. IV*
phrase. "There will be no turning back."
1s played upon editorially by the morning
papers as presaging cheerful announce
ments.
The absorbing Interest felt in the situa
tion in Natal makes other points in the
theater of war seem microscopic. Lord
Methuen lies behind his works at Modder
River. It Is estimated that his forces will
have to be nearly or quite doubled before
he can relieve Klmberley.
British reinforcements are moving to
ward General French at Rensberg- With
these he Is expected to advance. General
Gatacre's men occupy Loperburg, a slight
advance.
The War Office announces that next
week will be embarked 72 guns. 3710 men
and 2210 horses. This Is the largest con
signment of artillery ever sent abroad.
The War Office invites 500 volunteers for
a *harp»hootc.rs' battalion of yeomanry-
Sir William MacCormac. in the Lancet,
cays that of the SCO wounded in the hospi
tal visited by him only eight had been
hit by shells.
Mr. Kipling has written the following
characteristic letter to the British Guiana
branch of the Navy League, In recogni
tion of a contribution to the war fund:
"Bravo. British Guiana! Seeing what
they have had to contend with lately In
the sugar line, they have done uncom
monly well. Please convey to them my
best thanks— first, as vice president of the
le&xrue; second as perpetrator of tbe ab-
"NO TURNING BACK"
SAYS GENERAL BULLER
MOUNT ALICE (near Potgieters Drift).
Natal, Monday, Jan. 13.— The forward
movement for the relief of Ladysmith be
gan on Wednesday, January 10, from
Frere and Chleveley. Lord Dundonald's
mounted brigade, with the Fifth brigade,
under General Hart, comprising the Dub-
Hns, the Connaughts, the Inniskillena
and the Border regiment, proceeded
northwesterly to SprlngfleM. The position
had previously been thoroughly reeon
noitered. A few miles outside of Frere
Lord Dundonald passed targets erected
by the Boers to represent a force advanc
ing In skirmishing order. Evidently the
Boers had been firing at these from adja
cent hills. Lord Dundonald pushed on,
and as the main column advanced It was
noticed that Springfield was not occupied
by Boers and that the Fifth Brigade had
taken position. The British transport
train extended for several miles and com
prised some 5000 vehicles.
The mounted brigade advanced rapidly,
not meeting with any opposition. Tha
British scouts had minutely searched all
the suspicious country, but there was no
sign of the enemy. The column advanced
to Mount Alice, facing the enemy's moun
tain fortress.
The Boers had been at Potgieters Drift
the previous day, but a body of South
African horsemen swam the stream un
der fire and brought over the pont from
the Boer side.
The Boers were evidently surprised at
the appearance of the British. A camp
could be seen on the Tugela heights, fac
ing Mount Alice, but the enemy quickly
struck camp and cleared off into the
mountains. A buggy was seen leaving for
the hills on the right, presumably with
General Joubert or some other com
mander.
General Buller took up his quarters in
a pleasantly situated farmhouse belonging
to Martlnus Pretorlus, who has disap
peared.
On Friday a loud explosion was heard.
Subsequently it was found that the Boers
had destroyed a bridge under construction
seven miles above Potgletera Drift. Gen
eral Buller has issued a spirited appeal
and Instructions to the forces, beginning:
"We are going to the relief of our com
rades in Ladysmith. There will be no
turning back."
The order proceeds to a<lvise the men,
when they charge, regarding the condi
tions under which they should receive
the surrender of any of the enemy. It
also warns them that the Boers ard
treacherous In the use of the white flag.
This order has been received with en
thusiasm.
The march was very trying, but tha
troops are now encamped amid very
pleasant surroundings. Their health la
excellent and all are confident.
BEARS KRUGER'S LETTER.
NAPLES. Jan. IS.— Charles E. Macrum,
former United States Consul at Pretoria.
who left Lourenzo Marquez on December
18. bound for New York, landed here to
day. It Is reported that he bears a letter
from President Kruger to President Mc-
Klnley. asking the latter to mediate be
tween the Transvaal and Great Britain.
BOERS OCCUPY PRIESKA.
CRADDOCK. Cape Colony. Jan. IS.—
On Saturday, January 13, the Boers, with
a commando of colonial rebels, occupied
Prieska. a village on the Orange River,
about ten miles northwest of De Aar.
on the Bourse, as he is not a member.
If the allegations were true he would be
simply a private speculator, acting
through a broker and unable for the mo
ment to meet his obligations.
The Marquis de Castellane has written
to the Matin the following:
"Your good faith has been abused. My
son. Count Boni. never indulged in any
Bourse speculations and consequently
cannot have been proceeded against. If
he were in Paris he himself would dis
pose of this invention. In his absence his
father begs you to repair the involuntary
wrong you have done him."
Inquiries made at the best sources of In
formation, which, however, are not will
ing to be quoted, are that Count de Cas
tellane was involved in speculation in an
ticipation of a rise In stocks on account of
the expected British victory In the Trans
vaal, and the British reverses caused such
a depreciation that It was impossoble for
him to meet his losses with ready money.
The speculations are understood to have
been through private sources, and. there
fore, it is diffcult to secure absolute con
firmation of the reports. The matter prob
ably will be settled privately.
The Matin's assertions were the leading
topic of conversation at the clubs and
other social meeting places throughout
the day. The evening papers reproduced
the story, although without in any way
guaranteeing its accuracy. The Count's
father gave a fresh turn to the affair by
writing a letter to the editor of Figaro,
Fcrnand de Rodays, intimating that he
must be prepared to fight a duel with the
Count on the latter's return, or even with
the Maro.uis himself. In the course of the
communication, after denouncing the
statement of the Figaro as canaillerlo,
th<? Marquis says:
"If my son were not on the sea for New
York he would undertake to demonstrate
for you the emptiness of this tittle-tattle,
and would require from you reparation on
grounds he would choose. In his absence
I take his place. Your scandalous Insinu
ation Is a mere political trick, which
others would describe as Dreyfusard."
The Solr, which was previously- owned
l>y the Castellanes and which Is a- strong
Nationalist organ, bitterly opposed to the
Figaro, which championed Dreyfus, after
speaking in fulsome terms of the Count's
character as a gentleman and a patriot,
says:
"It Is not difficult to see the origin and
motives of M. de Roday's maneuver. Tt Is
desired to inure him who drove Joseph
Reinach from his seat In Parliament. This
Is a vile political vengeance, which all
good men will denounce."
PARTS. Jan. IS —The allied heavy '
losses of Count Eoni de Castellane
on the Bourse were made a sensa
tional feature by some of the pa
pers here to-day. Both the Temps
and Figaro spoke, in a guarded
way of the collapse of a bull speculator
whose position is said to have been oanlv
ehaken at the last settlement by the de
clir.e cf certain stocks in which lie is said
to have plunged. The Figaro also in li-
Cated Count Boni de Castellane fairly ar.d
clearly by describing the speculator as a
member of the Chamber of Deputies and
a prominent society man, who had not
disguised his sympathies for uncompro
mising nationalism. Moreover, it «n.«
added he hud started on a long voyage
"to find resources to repair his broKen
fortunes."
The Figaro added, perhaps a little ma
liciously, that h!s friends hope he will not
meet with disappointment, saying? "Some
•patriotic' causes are very expensive, and
for want of a better excuse this pretext
can always be put forward to this?,
owing to distance, who are Ignorant of
many things."
The Matin openly mentioned Count de
Castellane's name and nothing but dis
astrous speculations. The losses, reach
ing as high as 20.000,000 francs, were
talked of yesterday. Respecting the
Count, the Matin says:
'"But our own inquiries Rhow his loss-?*
<3o not exceed 3.000.000. he having suc
ceeded In getting straight on seven or
eight transactions. Count Boni de Castel
lane left for New York a few days ago
with his wife, ami it Is probable thf as
sistance of his brother-in-law will not be
found wanting, and that he will tide over
the situation of monetary embarrass
ment."
The Matin also took the opportunity to
make the following interesting remarks
concerning Count <1c Castellane's position
here. It informed its readers that hi«
wife's "dot" was HSjOOOyOOO, which gave an
income of. over 5500.000. and that even at
Paris he, could cut a figure with that, add
ing:
"All Parisians know the grandiose man
sion on the Avenue dv Bois de Boulogne,
which is the hobby of his wife, who
dreamed to outvie the Vanderc:lts' palace
on Fifth avenue by a perfect reproduc
tion of the celebrated castle cf Blois.
Count Boni's well-known generosity prob
ably explains his contribution of 15,000
francs to M. Deroulede, which figured in
the police chiefs report en the ar.tl-re
rublican conspiracy."
Count de Castellane has not been posted
LONDON, Jan. 19.— A spe
cial dispatch from Durban,
dated Wednesday, says: Ad
vices from Potgieters Drift,
dated yesterday (Tuesday),
say that Sir Charles Warren
has arrived within seventeen
• miles of Ladysmith, and that
British wounded are arriving
at Mooi Kiver field hospital by
every train from the front,
indicating that there has al
ready been severe fighting.
Neither report has yet been
confirmed.
At midnight the War Of
fice announced that it had no
further news for publication.
When questioned with regard
to the rumored British victory
and relief of Ladysmith, the
officials replied that they had
received ' no information to
bear out either feature of the
rumor, and were inclined to
think that serious fighting
must precede the relief of the
town.
SPEARMAN'S FARM, Na
tal, Thursday, Jan. 18, 7:20
a. m. — Our howitzer battery
fired upon the Boer lines oc
casionally during last night,
and the bombardment was re
sumed at a quarter to 6 this
morning.' All is well.
BULLER'S FORCES ARE
BOMBARDING THE BOERS
Advance of the British
Troops to the Relief
of Ladysmith Has
Been Commenced in
Deadly Earnest.
a LONDON, Jan. 19.- o
o The British losses °
% in killed, wounded ©
o and captured- up to o
° date are 7987 off i- g
o cers and men. o
o o o o o oooooooooooo
It Is Thought That a
Most Decisive Battle
Will Begin To-Day.
No Retreat for the
Imperial Troops.
ANNA GOULD'S
HUSBAND HAS
LOST MILLIONS
Pans Papers Make Some Very
Mean Remarks Concerning the
Alleged Disastrous Speculations
of Count Boni on the Bourse.
Marquis de Castellane, Denies That His Son Is
on the Way to America to Get More Money,
and Declares That the Editor of Figaro Will
Be Called Upon to Fight.
FORETELLS THE
ALLEGED DOOM
OF THE BRITISH
Senator "Wellington Makes a
Speech in Which He Forcibly
Argues Against the Policy of
Imperialism.
Words of Sympathy for the Boers, Who
Are Struggling to Maintain Their Inde
pendence — Favors Self-Gove-rnment for
the Filipinos.
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS.— For an
hour to-day Wellington of
Maryland (R) occupied the at
tention of the Senate, continu
ing the debate on the Philip
pine question. He took as his
text the resolution he Introduced last
Tuesday, declaring that the United
States should not take permanent
possession of the archipelago; but, after
subduing the Insurrection— which he sin
cerely deplored— should confer upon the
Filipinos the right to govern themselves,
affording them such protection as they
might need.
Wellington said he was not ready to
enter upon a policy of expansion, "the
first exemplification of which Is to be the
' taking by force of arms of the islands,
persons and privileges of the Philippine
Islanders." History Indicated that "im
perial destiny" had wrecked many repub
lics. He believed that one of the greatest
blessings that ever befell England was
the loss of the American Colony. Refer
ring to Great Britain's war with the
Transvaal, Wellington said:
She has not met the Caucasian race since the
Crimean war and now, when for the first time
for half a century she attempts to send her
army to destroy a brave and courageous but
unfortunate people, she all at once rudely
awakens from the dream of her power, because
she finds that corruption has eaten to her very
vitals, and her army, which she deemed was
still like that of Cromwell— lnvincible— has
'been belabored and defeated every day since
it attacked the Boers. And Justly so. And
It may be. at no distant time, that the ln
sidicus influences which have thus debased her
will entirely destroy the weighty structure of
the empire she has erected.
If the propositions advanced in 1776 were true
then and applicable to the American people
struggling for freedom, have they grown less
forceful by the passage of n century and a
quarter of time* And are they less applicable
now to a strapping people In the year WOO,
even though they dwell In the distance and are
weak beginners In the contention fcr national
life and the establishment of government by
their own consent, so long denied them by the
tyranny of Spain. If It were true then. It la
true now.
In the language of President McKlnley him
self, "From Plymouth Rock to the Philippines,
the grand triumph.-.-* march of hur^an liberty
has never pau»e<J.**'"9ftanTt pnuse nltw? Snail
the advance columns of freedom-seeking men
be retarded?
In the resolution I have offered I clearly In
dicate the; purpose I have In view. It is not
to abandon the present war until certain con
ditions have been reached, but to endeavor the
attainment of the conditions as quickly as pcs-
«iWe and then give to the Inhabitants of fh«
Philippine Islan<* an epportunlty of creating
for themselves, as we <S!d In revolutionary
times, by evolution and self-exertion, the best
government possible for their kind.
Wellington referred to the part tha> peo
ple of his own State had taken in the war
with Spain, saying:
On that July mornin- the rlsln? sun whtch
heralded the destruction- of the Spanish naval
pmwer in Santiago Eay. as !t Illuminated th»
line of American warships advancing to deal
death ar..l destruction to the Spanish fleet, sur
rounded by a halo of glory the martial flgur*
of a son of Maryland. Wlnfleld Scott Schley.
who guided and directed the jreat contest.
And thoueh n^ v It seems to b« the policy of
a cabal of one of the departments of thia «d
ministration to rob him of the grlory which
Justly Is his. the verdict of (he American pso
ple has been rfrordM. and he will go down to
history »• the trua hero of that naval battle.
Wellington said a year had passed
since that great battle, "yet there Is no
Indication that we Intend to keep faith
with the Cubans, but there is every indi
cation that, by the power of syndicates,
cabals and combinations, there Is to be
continued in Cuba the despotism of a mil
itary government. In which the Cubans
themselves have no part, which Is beyond
the pale of any law save that of force,
and is not recognized by our constitution."
Wellington argued for Independence for
the Filipinos and said it would have been
better for U3, as a nation. If Admiral
Dewey could have retired from Manila
Bay on the morning after he had destroy
ed the Spanish fleet. But he had to re
main to suppress anarchy and chaos.
Wellington eald It was neither fair nor
just to attack the President or the ad
ministration for the conduct of the pres
ent war. During the Interval between tha
two sessions of Congres3 It was the Pres
ident's fluty to continue this war for ths
upholding of American authority on the
Islands. But the responsibility of the
President has ceased and is now upon
Congress. Mr. Wellington closed with the
statement that In his opinion his resolu
tion, if adopted, will conclude the war In
a manner both honorable and glorious to
the American nation as well as to tha
Philippines.
"Teller. Silver Republican of Colorado,
resumed his speech on the financial bill.
In the course of which he arraigned Sec
retary Gage for his negotiations with the.
National City Bank of New York. Ha
had not concluded his remarks when ha
suspended them for the day.
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 50.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1900,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallSix= bit shirts
*.¦ ¦¦¦ • • ¦**¦¦ ¦¦¦•¦¦ ¦¦¦¦ . ¦ ' . ... '
To induce you to visit our furnishings department
and get acquainted with 'our values we will take some
75; cent and . 50 cent shirts and reduce them all, on
Saturday night, between; the hours of 9 and 11, to
Triey are good shirts, well macie of Madras and
percale, in the golf and the Stanley styles. Pair of
separate link cuffs with the golf shirt ; attached collar
and cuff s on the Stanley. *
Remember this extremely low price is only for
Saturday night
between 9 and 11 o'clock
Not one of the shirts will be sold for less than
¦;.socJ and 75:0 lSef ore; the above-named time.
¦J -. ¦'¦. * ¦;¦;*• . * ' . ¦-?.." .¦ ' *! '^ ' -*• ' - '"' '* "¦ " ¦'¦* ' .<*• ' '¦¦" • ;- .' J : . f_ *..*.* ¦¦•¦ '• "¦¦
¦¦ 1 • *" ' - y ".. * • - JV; '"" - '
718 Market Street. ,
ISLAM TEMPLE.
Nobles of the Mystic Shrine Receive
Fifteen Pilgrims in the Desert.
There was a grand time Wednesday
night In "• Golden Gate Hall on
Sutter * street, for the nobles of
Islam Temple of the Mystic Shrine
were in session ; for the purpose
of celebrating the 'great feast known
as Moleedoos Seyyeedeh Kayneb, to per
petuate the charities of Imam's daugh
ter and" to convey over the hot sands of
the desert fifteen pilgrims who were anx
ious to ride the temple's well trained
camel, Ab del Kadber.
The hall in • which the temple usually
holds its sessions being found Inadequate
to accommodate the 400 nobles who want
ed to see the work performed by the new
corps of officers, the main hall was se
cured and the events were most inter
esting to the onlookers and impressive,
so said the pilgrims, who laid much stress
on "Impressive." ' '
Reuben P. Hurlbut, the new illustrious
potentate, who, as commander of Califor
nia Commandery, led that body on Its
pilgrimage to Boston in 1895 and won great
praise for his management and executive
ability, introduced a number of new fea
tures that astonished the nobles.; The
new officers of the temple are: ! '
OFFICIAL. DIVAN. 1900. ;
Reuben P. Hurlbut, illustrious potentate,
Shayk; Alfred \V. Baldwin, chief rabban.
Attorney Wise Sick.
"the case of Dr. (& A. Danzlger,
charged* with battery upon O. ;I.
Wise in'Justjce of the Peace, Groezinger's
courtrodm Wednesday, was called in
'Judge. Cabaniss' court yesterday Attorney
iTyson.fiaid that Wise was confined to his
&e"<i "and. Unable to appear. "He therefore
nsfced for-a. continuance., which was vig
orously opposed by the defendant, who
intimated' that Wise . was faking. He
wanted an immediate hearing.. The Judge
granted a continuance till. Monday morn
ing." - ¦:; , ;.;.-¦¦ /¦¦¦ : ;>:,'*¦:>¦¦ .--:. * '
BOERS MADE ONLY
FEEBLE RESISTANCE
SPEARMANS FARM, Natal. Jan. 18,
10 a. m.— General Lytelton's brigade,
with a howitzer battery, crossed the Tu
gela River at Potgieters Drift on Tuesday.
January 16. The water rose above the
waists of the men. The Boers fired two
shots and then recalled their forces to the
trenches, the passage being uninterrupted.
The. British advanced in skirmishing or
der, and the small kopjes on the summits
were occupied by 6:30 p. m. During the
night it rained heavily.
Yesterday (Wednesday) the Boer
trenches were vigorously shelled In front
of Mount Alice, while the British re
mained in possession of the kopjes and
plains.' Heavy mists enveloped the hills,
but the naval guns and' the howitzer
battery made good practice, thoroughly
searching the trenches. On the Boer right
a breach was made in a sandbag emplace
ment, where it is supposed Boer guns had
beeh' placed. ¦ : . •
The cannonade was heavy and continu
ous, and the Boers were observed leaving
the trenches in small parties. The hill
facing the British position was shelled
next. ,
General Warren has forced a passage of
the Tugela seven miles west. - -
the Morgue autopsy surgeon, testified that
the organs of the dead woman were In a
healthy condition, and that there were
evidences of the work of a corrosive
poison.
Several friends of Sister Cora were ex
amined as to the probability of suicide
and they were of the unanimous opinion
that she never had contemplated and
never could contemplate committing sui
cide, for she was of a very cheerful dis
position and never spoke despondently of
her prospects or condition. . : •¦ .
The jury returned a verdict that- death
was due to carbolic add poisoning, but
whether taken with suicidal intent or not
was not determined.
KILLED WITHOUT WARNING.
Minority Verdict -Over the Remains
of Miss Lawler Blames Railroad.
" Coroner Cole held an inquest yesterday
on j the body of • Miss Rose . Lawler, . who
was killed last Sunday by a train at the
crossing* of Seventeenth, arid "Harrison
streets. The evidence showed _that the
deceased .was crossing between / the two
tracks .. at - Seventeenth • street, when the
locomotive whistle* tooted the danger sig
."nal and Mis:*". 'Lawler, being extremely
near-sighted, became confused - and In
stead of stepping -backward or, remain
ing where she was ' stepped in front of
the engine. She was caught by the pilot
and mangled under the wheels.
;. Ex-Assemblyman John J. McDade ap
peared for the relatives of the dead wo
man and drew out the ract-that the bell
maintained at the crossing. by the rail
road company to give ¦warning of the ap
proach of a train had been- out of order
[for several -.days before the. accident and
did not --ring, on that occasion.
i* A 'Verdict' of j accidental-death, coupled
a ' requefc*. to the railroad company
Ho : repaJr tne ; #arning signal, was signed
.hy<a jnaioritMftf the jury and indorsed
by . the CoroiwbvT.- The'DMßority verdict
"Charge^'the, raproad cornpa.'py with negli
:*encE-)i •"? , 1 1\,*. '.:v^i ' ¦
tlon. The attractions for next week .will
be Papinta, the. famous dancer ;fJames'O.
Barrows and. company, * Edna Bassett
Marshall I and company and James New
man, song writer. ¦. '. ' ;-*; -* > .'¦'
"A Hot Old Time"; is still breaking rec
ords at the Alhambra. The- next attrac
tion will be "At Gay Coney Island," which
opens with a matinee next Sunday after
noon.*;" 1 ¦¦¦-. .-¦¦.¦- v -.' . '-* ¦ ' ..- :...¦¦,¦"¦'*.' '-.;.>
FIRST SYMPHONY
OF THE SEASON
•J Haydn - and , Tschaikowsky, Mendels
sohn and Wagner, ] the music of . the past
and the music of the future and two sym
phonies at a single ¦; concert ! • ;_ Such was
the programme "of the first of , the I series
of symphony concerts -under, the baton'
of Henri Holmes. The concert was heard
yesterday afternoon at the Grand Opera
house by a goodly audience.; Rather a
solid outlay and , one more trying and
severe to the musicians " than to their
hearers, who had ' nothing *to do but en-
Joy * themselves. . --•»•. *
.It might be surmised that the projectors
of I the -present series tl were j
dubious of tneir success: and were -berft
upon : offering as much -as possible at the
outset , In order, as it were, to carry the
day by force of arms. No one can object
to hearing the Tschaikowsky "Pathe-,,
tlque" at the Beginning of the season in*,
stead of ; having It withheld as a trump^'
card with which to take the last trick.l
and ; this ; ."demonstration" will undoubt-;
edly insure succes% for the present under
taking/ Whether or not the success will'
be deep and lasting, enough to vitalize
the symphony cult a year nence depends
entirely upon how successful Mr. Holmes"
may prove in winning the support ofrthd
outer circle of music patrons— the public..
Yesterday's concert was really the>, first
test of Mr. Holmes' popularity, for he -Is
looked on now not as a possibility, but' as
a fact. He is installed as the ' lora t'of
our demesne of music and we must Be
gin to consider whether iie will stand, the'
test or not. With a capable band' and
ample rehearsals he has every advantage
that can be accorded him and the desire
for symphony concerts is strong enough
among us to supply him with at least
moderate support. Can he compass more,
than that is another question which the/
future alone can answer. -...-¦ '.'* . „ ~\
Two aspects of the case present them
selves immediately in making an estimate
of his ability. On the one hand, there
is the orchestra admirably drilled— a
token of his mastery — and on the other,
the question of his actual importance as
a conductor. I have nothing but admira
tion for the first, but regarding, the^sec-;
ond I can but repeat what I said- after
the first concert a month ago, to wit:
Mr. Holmes does not seem a vitally
component part of his orchestra; he does
not! dominate it; personally, he is negli
gible. He does not command attention,
and in consequence, we never find him
transcending the pale of scholarship and
endowing the music with individual char
acter. * -'* ¦ ¦. .* ? *•-¦/ .-,"¦ ¦"• . ¦ v •¦:, . „
I Mendelssohn's "Ruy Bias--' overture was
a good introduction to yesterday's concert
and Haydn's buoyant Symphony in D,
No. 2, was interpreted with all the frank
joyousness characteristic of the compos
er. ; Its abundant melody, treated as it
is with the formality of other days, was
forgotten, however, when the orchestra
began to murmur the beautiful "Siegfried
Idyl" of- Wagner, and even the insinua
tion of this number was almost crowded
out of memory when the big Tschaikow
sky "Pathetique" raised its voice. The
composition is a tremendous piece of
work and has searching qualities, novel
ty, daring, marvelous complexity without
thickness, the appeal of modernity in a
radical age. It is inltinct with power and
devoid of sentimentality. The cumulative
rhythms of the first movement are su
perbly sensuous and in it the band played
with a truly fierce Impulse tempered by a
security and firmness of tone that was
delightful. The third movement, allegro
molto vivace, displays a marvelous hand
ling of themes and Is electrical in its
brilliancy. The final adagio sounds the
deepest note of sadness and is ineffably
pathetic.
It is to be hoped this symphony will be
repeated before the end of the season.
Indeed, if I had the space, I would like
to give some reasons why it might be
played at every concert of the series. *
PORTER G ARNETT.
The Louis James, Kathryn Kldder and
Charles B. Hanford combination will be
gin the second week of their successful
engagement at the Columbia Theater' on
Monday evening with "The. School for
Scandal," Sheridan's brilliant comedy of
costume and manners, which scored auch
a success here last season. On Tuesday
night, however, "The Winter's Tale" will
return to the stage, and owing to the de
mand to see this production the manage
ment has decided to repeat it on Wednes
day, Thursday and Friday evenings. At
the Saturday matinee a special perform
ance of "Hamlet" will be given, with
Louis James as the melancholy Dane. On
Friday night "Macbeth" will be the bill,
with Mr. James in the title role, Mr. Han
ford as Macduff and Miss Kldder as Lady«
Macbeth. On Sunday night the bill will
be "Othello," with Mr. James as the
Moor, Mr. Hanford as lago and Miss
Kidder as Desdemona. >
• • •
The FrawleyB have made their greatest
success in ."The Countess Guckl," and
good houses are the consequence. It will
give way on Sunday night to "In Para
dise." an adaptation from the French,
which is said to be immensely funny and
Frenchy to a delightful degree.
The James-Kldder-Hanford combination
will present a varied bill at the Colum
bia .next week. Monday evening/ "The
School for Scandal"; Tuesday, Wednes.
day, Thursday and Friday, "Tl>e Winter's
Tale"; Saturday matinee, ¦ ''Hamlet;*' - and
Saturday night, "Othello." ,
'-"Lady Windermere's Fan,'' fn which
Miss May Blayney has won success, will
be continued at the Alcazar until ' Mo
nday, when "Lord Chumley" will be pro
duced.
-After "Don Caesar of Irun,"- which is
this week's bill at the Grand, "The
Queen's Lace Handkerchief, will be re
vived, in which Miss Etta Culbreth a
San Francisco girl, will make her profes
csional debut. . ..t-, r! A ,
The Tivoll's productiwi of "The Idol's
Eye" Is a pronounced vsuccess.'and will
be continued for same time. Miss Gra
ham, the new contralto, has made a very
favorable impression, . and Hartman and
Wheelan supply a fund of comedy.
The bill at the Orpheum this .week la
receiving its full share of public apprecla-
WOODLAND.: Jan: : 18.— William
Bemmerly: and , Miss"> J Dorothy
Eva Davis, both of this city.
. were married at 6 o'clock this
morning in the Church of the
Hoi j' Rosary. The br!de wore ; a tailor
made traveling' suit' of blue broadcloth,
with , hat ; and*. gloves to match.': She car
ried 'a ¦¦ bouquet of • bride's /. roses. 'The at
tendants were ; Sam* Bemmerlyr: a brother
to the groom, and Mrs. ¦ Voisard, a sister
to Tthe - bride. " The • ceremony ,^was very,
quiet and was witnessed by ; none :' but? a
few relatives and' intimate friends^' ; ; . :
After the solemnization the : -bridal party
was driven to the residence of . Dr. *j F. X.
.Voisard, a brother-in-law i of the bride,
where an early but elegant,; wedding
FRATERNAL ORDER.
OFFICERS ELECTED
-The. following natned have^been Installed aa
officers of Golden Gate Encampment of the
Independent Order- off; Odd Fellows:,i W." E.
Dubois,- chief • patriarch ; ' S. J. Hay wood, high
priest; A." H.Ko well,, senior warden; Henry C,'
George, scribe; Charles E,: Benedict! treasurer;
H. A. Towle, Junior, warden; C. D. Richards,
guide; W. P. Richards -first;, S.H. ".Vance sec
ond. M. L'.\Treincr third and F. E. t Higgins
fourth watch ;;.R*..L. Simpson first and John
Ccnklln second guard of the tent; H. B. Lar
sen, .inside., and J. C. Moorman, outside sen
tinel. : -i C. L.. Zeisler.^p.;"D. G. P.;.; was; the
installing officer. ~ ''^ - - '¦'' ¦; "•': '•*. '? ';. " '¦ •
,; Court Apollo of the t Ancient Order of Forest
ers ,had . its of fleet's^ installed by ; Deiuty High
Chief Ranser Jones and the -balance." of the
board of deputies.- The officers are: M.Merl
tran. Junior -past chief ranger;- F* M., Shay,
chief, ranger ; Dr. A. ;D. Gleaves, sub chief
ranger; W. A. Nlcolls, % financial • and P. M.
llowland, -recordine secretary-; N. T. McDon
ald. tr««surer i Jacob Johnston; \ senior, and ? J.
H.. Don«lingcr. Junior; woodwards;. E.,C. Mlra
montes, senior, and F. R. Gibbs. Junior beadle;
F. F. Hatton, organist, and Dr. W. D. Clark,
physician. ¦ . . ¦ ' •.
ft At an open meeting, of Pioneer Council of
the Young Men's Institute the following offi
cers were installed ror the current' term: M.
M. OShaughnessy, president; J. J. McCarthy,
first, and J. T.Flynn, second vice president;
P. C. Kretz, recording, and T. -J. Stan
ton, financial secretary: E. R. Myrick. treas
urer; J. J. Reilley. marshal; Dr. L. J. Masson.
medical examiner: J. J. Zlmmer, inside, and
William Cuddy, outside sentinel; Robert Tobin.
S. R. O'Keeflfe and P. P. Curtis, executive-com
mittee. After the ceremony was at an end
there was a short, interesting programme con
tributed by Al Cushman, J. N. Fieher, John
Lyons. Joseph Pinkney and Kelly and Mar
lowe in songs and specialties, which were well
rendered and loudly applauded. There were
also special features by Rand and Rand by
permission of Kapp & Street, and by Professor
Delleplane. Cigars and light refreshments were
passed around during the evening. '
The following named have been Installed as
the. officers of Yorke Council of the Youiur
Men's Institute for. the current term: Rev.
P. C. Yorke, honorary chaplain;. C. D. O'Con
nor, .president; J. A. Dolan, first, and J.
Thomas Dougherty, second, vice president;
Thomas J. Koran, recording, and Joseph Mont
gcrast, financial secretary; W. J. Walsh, treas
urer. William Moroney, marshal ;.J. A. Rlley,
inside, and Phil Fitzpatrlck. outside sentinel;
Luke B. C. Brun. William A. Dunn, T. J.
Kenny, executive committee; Dr. J. F. Doug
las*, medical examiner; Thomas J. Horan. del
egate to the board of management. ¦> •
Court Magnolia of the Foresters of America
had its officers installed by I. Scharff, D. H.
C. -R.. assisted' by E. Isaacs, 'acting as grand
herald: J. Anthony, chief ranger; M. Lafee,
sub-ohief; J. E. Anderson, treasurer; F. W.
Clarke, financial, and M. Bloom, recording sec
retary; A." C. Karski. senior, and A. J. May,
Junior "warden ; D. Harris, senior, and S. Hart
man, Junior, beadle; M. Harris, trustee; Pr. A.
Nusbftum, physician; George Pinto, .organist.
After the installation Abe I* .Frledlander, the
retiring chief ranger, was presented with a
handsomely framed certificate and a Jewel of
his rank. . .•¦ ¦ ¦ $. ¦• •
District Deputy . Grand ' Dictator Thomas'
Leaj-ned, assisted by Grand Dictator- Preacott
Ij. Archibald and Dletrict Deputy, B. E. George,
in the presence of a larKe number of the mem
bers, installed the following as officers of
Liberty Lodge of the Knights of Honor: James
A. Johnston, pant dictator; A. E. Cohn, dic
tator: C. W. Apgar, vice dictator: Frits Palm,
assistant dictator; Ben I. Salomon, reporter;
William J. Langstaff, financial reporter; R. A.
A- Summers, treasurer; H. Schoenherg, chap
lain; E. J. Smith, guide; Ernest May, guar
dian; George Fox, sentinel; W. G. Thomas,
W. L. Fursman and Peter F. Flood, trustees,
and William Cellarlus, organist.
M. MILLERAND
IS EXONERATED
Deputies Consider the
Strike Question.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PABIS, Jan; 18.— The promised interpel
lation-of the Government's attitude con
cerning\ the strikers of -St. Etlenne,«di
rected against M. Millerand (Socialist);
the Minister of Commerce, came up in the
Chamber of Deputies this afternoon and
resulted In a* victory for the Government.
The interpellator, M.' Gay, Progressive
Republican, representing fit. Etienne,
withdrew his motion at* the last moment.
M. Millerand, however, at the opening of
thevsession rot-e and said he refused to
rest. i under any allegation against him
that. he acted in favor of the strikers and
emphatically denied he had intervened in
the. strike without the knowledge ot the
Premier,- M. Waldeck-Rosseau. • : - :
M. de Jeante. Socialist, then interpellat
ed the Government respecting the strike
in the Belfort region, alleging the Prefect
intervened in favor of the employers and
summoned the military to prevent the
workmen from striking. . He complained
that during the exodus 'of the strikers
to Belford the women and children were
compelled to sleep in the fields.
3JL. Salignac-Felon, Republican, here re
marked:. "Yes, but tba wire-pullers of the
fctrike 6ler>t a.t the bfst of the hotels."
M. 'de Jeante concluded his speech by
demanding protection ¦ for workmen and
ehoating "Down with capitalists," •'Long
live the labor republic" This was greeted
»Ith loud Radical cheers.
M. Gay here resuscitated his interpella
tion, accusing, the. Government of toler
ating strikers' demonstrations, which, he
added, were due to its Indecision and in
sisting that M. Millerand intervened and
encouraged the strikers to resist their em
ployers' demands. ; *
M. Mlllerand replied, repeating his orig
inal statement and declaring that he in
tervened only to explain the operation of
the law regarding accidents to workmen.
M. Waldeck-RoKseau read the instruc
tions sent to the Prefect of the Loire or
dering respect for the right to strike and
liberty of labor. He continued with eulo-
Elelng. the conduct of the workmen's
unions,. which, in directing th© strike, pre
vented excesses, from which the mining
Ftrike was laudably free. The vote was
then taken. •
POPULAR YOLO COUPLE
UNITED IN MARRIAGE
Special Dispatch to The CaUL
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Tak*^ Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if It fails to euro.
B. W. Grove's signature U on each bos. : ttc.
Dr. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
The Electric Body Belt, by which I ap-
Ely my new method of treatment. Is the
eat In the world, strongest; i most dura-
ble, most expensively made, most con-
venient to use,- most effective in curing.
Upon these points I will guarantee It
upon a bond of JSOOO.
With all this, an electric belt can do no
good without my knowledge of how to
apply It. This Is my method, learned in
the past twenty years, in which I have
cured DO.COO cases. I give every patient
the benefit of my experience; hence th©
many cures after everything else has
failed.
, s Na Burning: or Blistering.
You feel the current at once. No burn-
ing, mit a gentle., soothing warmth. War-
ranted one year, without expense for re-
newals. ¦ >; '
Call and see It, or write for book, free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market st., cor. Kearny. San Francisco,
and cor. Spring and Second ate., Los Angeles,
BEST IN THE WORLD.
Grocers Advocate Incorporates.
2 Articles of incorporation ot ' the' Advo
cate .Publishing Company, organized for
tbelpurpoae of publishing: the Retail. Gro
cers-; Advocate, were filed yesterday. The
capital^stock is $10,000, all of which has
been subscribed. The directors- : are:
Aaron H~; Powers Jr., A. W. Permento,
John, Ci Nobmann, George Alpers, Harry
B. Arnold, Eugene McCo3[, T. H. Corco
ran; John W. King, J. M. Sullivan, Frank
Snell-'and;Nathan Church. -/
SISTER SEAWELL POISONED.
Jury Fails to Determine Whether
or Not Her Death Was
• - Accidental.. ;. . ~
Coroner Cole held an inquest yesterday
the bodj' of Sister Cora Sea well of
St. Alban's Episcopal Mission, who . was
found dead on the floor of her room at
I*l3 Jackson street last Monday morning.
The Morgue chemist, Frank T. Green, tes
tified that he had found a sufficient quan
tity of carbolic acid In the stomach of
the deceased to cause death. Dr. Leland,
OCEAN TBAVUL.
toast Steamship Ca
JL^ Steamers leave Broadway
f^^^^ wharf. San Franolsoo:
*^B fshk. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
1 «S*Tte3Nk Jan. 31. 2S. 81. Feb. 5. Chan«»
1 Hgr aßfl^Sl to company* ¦ steamers at
;«^^Si^ 'Fbr 'Victoria. Vancouver.
\F mm *Mit!u2&a\ (B. C). Port Ttownaend.
Seattle. Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes and N*w What-
oom (Wash.). 10 a. ra.. Jan.
a 2f n Feb. 5 and «very nfth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's •teamerm
forAla-ka and a N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P.
p». At Vancouver to C. P. Ry. •
&r Eureka (Humboldt Bay). » V* »-**»•
19 24. ». Feb. S. and every fifth day ttwWter. |
iror Santa Crus. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
nc^s. Port HirfSrd (Saa Igls ObtapoK OttfeU.,
Santa. Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. gw*^"^.
"^3JD^ "??%&
°For 6an y Dlego. stopjplnr only at Port Harfwr*
(San Luis Oblspo). Banta Barbara. Port !«•
Angeles and Redondo(l*« Angeles). Urn. m..
Jan. 21. 26. ». B"sb. X »nd sTtry tomrth «ay
th FSr*En T senada. Ma-rfalsna Bay. 8« *<~J*
Cabo. Maxatlan, Altata. 1* Pa*, Banta RMalla
and Ouayma* (Msx-). » a. m.. Tth of each
"foV 1 " farther laformatkm ofctalß •ompany'a
°The' company reserv— thm right to chanjfa
steamers, sailing date* and hours of sailing
without previous notice. •>• "•
TICKET UFFICK- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteU.
GOODALL. PERKINB A CO.. Oen Agta,. :t: t
10 Market St.. San 'Tranclsco. ;'¦*
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DIgPATCH TAST STEAMIRS TO
PORTLANDS
rrom Spear-stre«t Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC SIS First Class Including Berth
I A fit. $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails .Jan. M; Feh. X U
STATE OP CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. M; Feb. T. 17
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and. all point* In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. :
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street. '
GOODAIJU PERKINS & CO.. * '!5
. - Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HJW TORK. 80CTHAKPT09. LOSOOH. PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. . ,
P"rom New Tork every Wednesday. IB a. m.
i New Tork Jan. 24 New Tork Feb. 14
St. Louis Jan. SI St. Ixjuis Feb. Z\
Bt. Paul. Feb. 7 Friesiand ..Feb. a
RED STAR LINE. . • .
'_' • H«W Yorl^ ai)d Antwerp. V;^"f|j
! • From New Tork erery Wednesday. M noon.' .
Friesiand Jan. 24 I Kensington ....Feb. 14
• Bouthwark. Jan. SI I Noordlaad Feb. II
Westernland....Feb. 7 | FrleelaaH .F»b. 28
- EMPIRE LINE. «' ,
Seattle. St Mleboel. Oawson City.
Tor full Information regarding freight and I
• passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANT.
10 Montgomerr St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WHX. LEAVE WHARF. OOR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
.'or YOKOHAMA and Hongkong B^", n «. H
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with learners for
India, etc No cargo received oa board oa day
hosg££no maro "^SS^S; Vk J 2
NIPPON MARO S:."; Frt< l* ir ' £,**•'!
AMERICA MARU... H . £ .^-W ; dn«K J ay. Mar.. 7,
' Roand-trtp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
« Market street. ¦
Pmsi nAllil s. S. Moana sails via
>3 » fiSilX Honolulu and Auck-
It*""** land for Sydney Wed-
L_^ nesday. J.n.
(SfDO3RH- Wednesday. Vb. T. .
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India.' Sues, j
England, etc.; WlO first class. JS
L 0? SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agt... 114 MsntqOMff
Pier 7. Feat Pacific St Freight Office. 327 MarV«t St
COKFASRIK 6ESERALE TBAN3ATLASTIQIJI. '
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <jIffTJS
Saturday, from November 3. 1899. at •*• u"H-»u "H-»
10 a m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st: LA GASCOGNE, Jan. 25; La NOR-
MA.KDIE Feb. 1; Le BRETAGNE. Feb. 8;
L.YQUITAINE. Feb. 15. First-class to Havre.
$C 0 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre, J45: 6 per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, n
Broadway (Hudson buiMlng). New Tork. J.
F FTJGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. |
Montgomery aye., San Franciaco. . . ,
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
nffiTsTHAVYYARD AND YALLEJO.
¦:.- Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:4»
a. m.; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. Ip.m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 9
p. m. Lkndlng and office. Mission-street Sock.
Pier No. J. Telephone Mala 1308.
FARB ?^,....v—. —•—•••.—- «~.^«.lBf
TESTIMONY TAKEN
IN THE GOEBEL CASE
Evidence Adduced in Regard to the
Judicial and Military Inter
ference.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Jan. 18— The hear
ing of evidence on behalf of Goe
bel and Beckham, the Democratic con
testants for Governor and Lieutenant
Governor, before the joint legislative con
test board was completed to-day. The
hearing for Governor,' Taylor and Lieu
tenant Governor Marshall will begin to
morrow.
Five days are set apart to them, after
which the Goeber faction' will have one
day in rebuttal. The attorneys for the
contestants were irranted until to-morrow
to examine the charges and prepare their
objections, or to take such other, action
as they may desire. Not more than" fifty
witnesses testified on the Bide of the con
testants. , -.-.-¦- '¦'.'."
The witnesses to-day were mainly from
Louisville, and the evidence was in regard
to the judicial and military interference.
General John B. Castleman. Sheriff
Boehm and others were among the wit
nesses. - . f . -¦
AT WORK ON THE
ROBERTS CASE REPORT
SCatter Will Probably Be Called Up
in the House by Next
Wednesday.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.— Chairman
TTayler of the Roberts Committee and
Representative LUtlefield of M*jne"are
busy preparing the majority and^ minor
ity reports, respectively, in the Roberts
case. They will be filed together on Sat
urday. It is not expected that the case
will be called up In the House until Tues
day or Wednesday, of; next week. >The
debate is expected to occupy two or three
days. Mr. Roberts will be given an'op
portunity to be heard on the floor in' his
own defense. Littlefield and De Armond
of Missouri, who will sign the minority
report, are hopeful that the morle of pro"
< edure which they favor— to allow Rob
erts to be sworn Jn and then expel him
—will be followed. The majority of the
committee, on- the other hand, are con
fident that their, report will be adopted
and that Roberts ' will be excluded with
out being sworn 'in. '
BILL FOR PACIFIC
CABLE INTRODUCED
Appropriates $500,000 and Limits
the Ultimate Cost of Construc
tion to $8,000,000. ,
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.-Representa
tlv« Corliss of Michigan has introduced a
bill for the - construction and operation,
under the Government of the United'
States, of a cable between this country.
Hawaii, Guam, the Philippine Islands and
other countries. The bill is substantially
the same as that of last year providing
for a Government cable, except that the
•section creating a Cable Commission Is
eliminated and the President is empow
ered to determine the route, the main
tenance operation, etc.. of the line, which
Is placed under the control of the Post
rnastfT General, the Secretary of War and
the Secretary of the Navy. The bill au
propriates $500,000 and limits the cost of
the cable to $5,000,000. Authorization is
given to arrange with Japan and,; China
for cable landing points. /
VOLUNTEERS PRESENT
CLAIMS FOR PENSION
Statistics Show That the Volunteers
Have Filed More Applications I
Than Regulars. ?-" . ' * •
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.-A Urge num
ber of claims for pensions are being re
ceived by the Pension Office as a result of
the Spanish war. Statistics prepared by
the bureau show the percentage of appli
cations from volunteers is much lareer
than from the regulars. The battle of
6an Juan wag selected by the bureau as
a basis for calculations, as the greatest
number of casualties occurred 'there
There were 192 regulars killed, 1097 wound
ed and 65 missing. Claims for. pensions
from the regular army number 2962. -
At that battle 24 volunteers were killed
377 wounded and 45 missing. The claims
for pensions from volunteers number 3558
There were twenty-three regiments of
regulars and three regular batteries en
gaged in this fight as against nine regi
ments of volunteers. One regiment lost
none in killed, wounded or missing but
has 419 claims forpenslons pending.
Red Cross Election.
Eprelat Dispatch to The Call.
BAN JOSE, Jan. lE.— The San Jose Hed
Cross Society, which ¦did such active wonc
during the Spanish-American war, has
elected the following "officers for the en
suing year: President, Mrs. Charles J
Martin; vice president. Mrs. L. Callisch
corresponding secretary. Mn. w p'
Bquires; recording secretary. Mrs 4d<lle
Frlnk; financial »ecretar>'. H. B. Alvord
treasurer. W. K. Beans; delegate to State
convention. Mrs. S. F. Leib; clerk of
board. Mrs. A. P. Murgotten: executive
committee^ Mrs. C. J. Martin, Mrs. W P
Squires. Mrs. J.-B. Dinsmore, H. B Al
vord. Mrs. E. O. Smith, S. H. Warner
and Mrs. L. Calllsch. Reports showed the
organization to be in a nourishing condi
tion.
Captain Steele Passes Away.
WASHINGTON, Jan.-18.—The- adju
tant general received" a telegram' to-day
saying that Captain Charles L. Steele.
Eighteenth Infantry, died at Fort Bay
ard, N. M., to-day. He was born in Mis
sissippi in ISS6 and was appointed to the
Military Academy from Tennessee, grad-
breakfast "was .served. ; and '.!¦ Mrs.
Bemmerly-left on the early train for San
Francisco, "where) they .will spend 'their
honeymoon. ? After -a week they will re
turn to Woodland. t: * *
The bride is a native of Utah and the
eldest daughter: of the late J. ; D.;'Davl3,
at one time a prominent banker of Salt
Lake.' She has been a resident 6tJj:Wood
land for; about* two years. , Sheia'ar very
handsome blonde and Is a: young lady, of
niany accomplishments and much popu
larit;-.: : ¦¦-}^:; - :v; f .:¦'-:'.:.. / : .:.;'a' r ..
- The • groom Is v the 'A eldest V son ¦' of \ Mrs.;
Agnes . Bemmerly , the wealthiest ; woman
in c Yolo County.^' He is an enterprising
and -•• influential '^ young) farmer, and has a
very promising future before him. . : .
uating In the class of 1875. In November.
1898. he accompanied his regiment to the
Philippines, where be was taken sick and
was compelled to return to the United
States.
m . - r -'¦¦¦-
OF INTEREST TO THE
PACIFIC COAST
Bills Presented by California Repre
,-¦ sentatives-^ome Postal
Changes.' ¦-* .
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS.— The Califor
nia delegation .will j to-morrow 'call ' on
President McKinley and formally present
to him an invitation of the Bohemians of
America, to be present, at their annual
dinner to be held at ; San Francisco on
January 29. This is the President's birth
day, and it is the custom . of this ¦ asso
ciation j to] hold their | annual \ meeting on
the | birthday of ; the President in office.
The Invitation is of - solid: silver in the
shape of a'card. ' ' . : ?
Representative Kahn.was to-da>vadmit
ted to practice before the Supreme: Court
of the, United States on motion of A.?B.
BrowiL : ,:.-.,•. -.r-.-">-.'' /¦ '**».-• '•¦-¦*¦'.':¦'¦.*¦;¦¦'¦;
Representative Loud Jias recommenaea
to the War Department that Thomas: F.
Morrison of San Jose be appointed audi
tor of the Postofttce Department in the
Pbillppine postal service -to succeed- W al
ter Newman, deceased...'. ¦•¦- - ; •"
Representative Fowler, of New Jersey
gave a dinner to Representative >Metcalf
of California last night. They were class
mates at Vale. Among those .present
were the Republican representatives
from California, Washington, Oregon and
Wyoming. ; */. '- ' ; ' ' ; . V^V,
The House to-day inserted -in the bill
providing for better efficiency in taking
the twelfth census an amendment provid
ing for a census of mining. >, The only
change is that the bill provides that this
census shall be taken at once instead" of
1903.- -.- . :¦ - .-"¦¦. - : : - ¦"'¦ ''*'¦¦' ' '
Senator Perkins to-day Introduced a bill
providing for the inspection and > treat
ment of nursery stock and fruits and ap
propriates $50,000 for carrying the act into
effect. This is the same bill presented
to the House by Needham a few days
age*, and is ' recommended by the Cali
fornia Fruit Growers' Association. -: ,
Representative Waters to-day intro
duced bills granting pensions to Charles
E. Colton, George W. Frasher and Annie
C. Fletcher of Los Angeles. He presented
also a bill for correcting military records
and granting honorable discharges to Pat
rick O'Meara and Andrew J. Cody, and a
bill increasing the pension of ! Frederick
W. Kellogg of Los Angeles to $72 per
month. • . - ¦ i v .
Senator Perkins to-day presented the
resolutions of the Merchants' Exchange
of Oakland and the Board of Trade * of
Pasadena favoring the construction of the
Nicaragua canal. He presented also the
petition of the Merchants' Exchange of
isan Francisco urging the passage of the
bill to prevent the discontinuance of the
hydrographic branch in the United States
GtKilogical Survey. : : ¦ /\ ¦. .- -'-
Senator Perkins to-day reported favor
ably the bill substituting the material of
the drydock at Mare Island Navy Yard
from wood to stone and concrete. ¦ .
Representative Loud to-day received a
lett«r from Secretary of War Root in
closing a communication from -Colonel
Oscar F. Long at San Francisco relative
to the protest of Painters' Union No. 1,
claiming that Ryan & Co., who have the
contract for repainting . United States
transports at San Francisco, are employ
ing Incompetent labor. Colonel Long says
that the contractors are doing their duty;
and he cannot find where they have, in
any manner employed ¦other than compe
tent labor. The claim of the Painters'
Union is not upheld in any way by Colo
nel Long. '. ¦ ¦ . - •¦ .; -sV ¦'.¦ - -y> ¦¦¦¦:•¦: ¦ :'-"'¦
W. N. • Preston has been appointed engi
neer at Ferris -Indian School, California.
James A. Oates has been appointed teach
er at . Yakima-. lndian School, Washington.
¦ The ¦ postoffices at Homestead and Ha
zelton, San Joaquin County, will be dis
continued-after January 31. Mall- should
be sent to Stockton. -r. .. s ,-; i
The following California Postmasters
were appointed to-day: L. D. Graves at
Beegum. Shasta County, vice S. Wollcr.t,
removed: M. R. Stansbury at CapitoJa;
Santa Cruz County, viceJ. F. Lewis, re
signed: C. J. Ritchey at Lakeview. River
elde County, vice J. A., King, resigned. ?
Pensions: California— Original— William
Mahoney, Santa Ana, $S; Patrick Mangan,
San Queqtin. $8. Supplemental— William
Grewing. Oakland, $2. i Increase— Andrew
J. Hunter. San Francisco, $8 to $10; Elijah
S. West, Soldiers' Home, -Los Angeles. $6
to $8. \ .- V ¦ -« / -.v.'-v
Oregon-«-Increase— Calvin M. Bryan,
Myrtle Creek. $8 to $24: Harris B. Hub
bell. Prairie City. $4 to $6.
Washington— Original-- Alfred M. Con
nor. South Bend. $8. Increase — Henry K.
Ayres.*Port: Angeles. $8 to $15; Nephthali
A. Parent, Spokane, $12 to $30. •* " ¦
SLEEPER ON THE
NORTHERN WRECKED
Freight , Crashes Into a Passenger
Train and Ten Persons Are,
.i'.^'j : (-^ Injured. /-_ ¦;. ;i:::; i: : : -„_„ _ _
SPOKANE, Jan.- 18. — Ten persons were
injured in a train collision on the Great
Northern at Hillyard. four miles east cf
this city, this morning. The east-bound
passenger was standing on the main line
by the depot. There was a dense fog. and
a freight train running at high speed
crashed Into the rear sleeper.
The wrecked car was filled with escap
ing steam from the locomotive, and some
of the passengers were pinioned by the
debris and were rescued with some diffi
culty. The Bhock of the collision knocked
down several persons in the dining-car,
and a number of them suffered slight in
jury. None of the injured persons are se
riously hurt.
TWO KILLED BY A
FALLING ELEVATOR
-NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— A freight ele
vator In a storage warehouse at One Hun
dred and Twenty-fifth street and -St.
Nicholas avenue fell to-day, killing two
persons and injuring three others. The
two persons killed were Michael McLean,
22 years old, and Patrick Leddy, aged 27.
The injured were Richard Cahill, 35 years
old; James Riley. 35 years old, and Rich
ard Burns. 40 years old. The three were
taken to a hospital. Thomas Berry, man
ager of the storehouse, wax arrested.
ERROR OF JURYMEN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 18.— An appeal will
Shortly be filed in the Superior Court that
will again show up the peculiar methods
of * NovaTO's "Zwei Lager" Jury. This
soubriquet was earned for Novato's jury
by two of the chosen twelve leaving the
courtroom during the hearing of some
Chinese cases and indulging in the fes
tive lager and crackers and cheese.
At the conclusion of the case the Jury
brought in- a verdict of guilty, and An
Lee, HoJDuck, Sing Lee, Lo Hoy and Hop
Kee were sentenced by Judge Dahl to pay
a fine of $100. Attorney Thomas P. Boyd
In examining the papers found that the
following verdict had been rendered: '
-"We. the Jury, find the defendant guilty,
, . . "REUBEN SMALL, Foreman."
Either the Novato jury consider five In
dividual Chinese as an Oriental unit, or
the beer they imbibed had an exactly op
posite'effect to that which it usually pro
duces. "In either case." says Mr. Boyd.
."the verdict cannot hold, for how can five
Chinese be one defendant, or one guilty
defendant be Ah Lee. Ho Duck, Sing Lee,
Lo Hoy and Hop Kee?
HAVANA CUSTOMS BECEIPTS.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.— According to
the statement issued by the War Depart
ment to-day the total custom receipts at
the- port of Havana for the year ended
December 31. 1899, was $14,072,114 79. The
total- value of imports into the port of
Havana for the eleven months ending No
vember, 1»»9. was 152,189,738. Of this
amount $7,658,438 was gold and silver coin.
The total of Imports from the "United
States was J19J46.315. The. total amount
of import duties collected during the year
1899 was $8,500.5X2. The per cent collected
on dutiable articles was 19: t-*-*', -"';>• •;
Officers Installed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 18.— Mira Monte
Camp of Woodmen of the World last
night installed the following officers for
the forthcoming year: E. W. Consul,
commander; A. Eden, lieutenant adviser-
Thomas O'Connor, escort; Martin Mad
sen, banker; Thomas Richardson, sentry:
Fred Miller and V. J. Cheda. managers.
Emlerf W. H. F. Titus, assistant rabban.
Sahib; A. W. McKenzie. Oriental guide, Ayn;
.Thomas Morton, treasurer, Chayzln; Hiram T.
Graves, recorder. Katib; Henry Ascroft, first
cer. master. Wakil: George W. Wittman.
second cer. master. Alan; Charles I*.
Field, director. Malah; Henry J. Burns, mar
shal, Amal: Thomas L. Hill, captain of guard,
Rays; William H. Smith, assistant guard. ,
Rays; Robert H. Mowbray, outer guard. Haflx.
' Chanters al Koran— Samuel D.- Mayer, Geena;
Walter C. Campbell, Munshid; Alfred S. Bat
kin, Machanni; Clarence T. Wendell. Naw
batti; conductor. C. S. Benedict; alchemists —
F. L. Hilraer. S. A. McDonnell. K. B. Hindes.
George H. Dyer; yabbur, J. C. Campbell; di
rector. Charles L. Field: engineer, J, G. gpauld-,,
ing; architect, John M. Curtis; trader, J. F. .
Logan; khayjat, . Robert. Ash; diyafat, Anton
Krleg; executioners— Frank B. Ladd. William
McKay. T. M. Oluff. Dew. R. Oliver. B. B.
Duncan, John .TonnlriKsen:. surveyors— H. B. •
Ream, p. B: Moor?, Thomas Morton.- George-
R. Armstrong; Arab patrol— William Edwards
(captain), -George W. Bennett,- H. Westphal,
E. B. "Cutter, R. L». Hathorn. Joseph Black.
John Phalr, E. M; Banks. George E. Howe.
R.B. Haje. J.-S.-'Ewing, C.V.. Manner. Charles
Bliss. H." D" Manning. C." M. Bredhoff. A. B.
de Gulrre, O. J. Husted, W. S. Gace, F. W.
Webster, H. V M. Furmun, Charles Bone. John
A. Marsh. F. J. Hendjv E, K. Taylor, J. R.
Aitken/T. F.'Frazer. O.J. Humphrey. Howard
Black, T.:V. Harris, C. H. F. N'euhaus. . E.
W.oenne, A, % Schetzel, C. W. Decker V. D.
Duboc«V J.i CL* Llebold, E.- W. iMarston.* Paul
Boettcher. ; , . ¦--••.:.-.
* The ceremonies! were, followed by a ban
quet,' at 'which -the Illustrious potentate
was tpastmaster. The principal speakers
werer CharJesL/ Field; past imperial po
tentate; Charles L.' 'Pa-tton. past poten
tate ;-W. E. Lutz, past potentate; Colonel
Thomaj ;'M.- ClufT.. Anton Qrieg,- and ] John
Tonningsen. Oratory, wit and music were
the features after the banquet.
THE SANJ FRANCISCO CALL, -FRIDAY j JANUARY 19, 1900.
WOMEN'S CLUBS
HOW UNITED
Federation . Formed at
- -Los.^A.ngeles.- -.
: - Scecial Dispatch to The ;asJL : \t__ '
; LOSANGELEB. Jam 18;— By a decisive
"vote ; the clubwomen^ of California : who
'have been in convention -for. three^days
'have determined upon federation. The
name "selected is the.Tßtate Federation- of
•Women's California Clubs. The, conclud
ing session to-day was;' full -of interest, to
all and replete with surprises to_the un
initiated, the full <iuptfc of delegates re
maining uaJtil the gavel'declared adjourn
ment, which was- followed by a love feast.
/In the election of officers full'apprecia
tion .was accorded. Mrs.^ Robert; J. -Bur
dene for her untiring ; zeal, as aho was
chosen president. Other officers are: Vice
; president, Mrs. Lo veil White, California
• Club, San Francisco; corresponding Bec
;retary, Mrs. W. W. Stllson; Ruskin Art
iClub, Los Angeles; recording secretary.
j Mrs. I. Lowenberg, Club,
I San Francisco; treasurer, Mrs. Sol Jew-
I ett, ' Bakerafield; auditors— Mrs. A." "EL
IFrost of San Diego and Mr«. H. C. Bun
.ker; Corona Club, San Fraac^sco;" district
, vice presidents— San Diego* i'Mrs.- E. F.
' Langworthy ; Los . Angeles*. Mrs^ C. 'N.
Flint;. San Joaquin. Mrs. R* S. Stevens;
Sa4 Francisco, Mrs. L.. Weinmann;; Ala
-meda, Mrs. R. P. Gleason. W
In adopting the plan of organization the
forty-two clubs that were represented de
clare .their object to-be "to unite the in
fluence and 'enterprise of ¦ California
; women to promote measures -which all
can indorse, whatever these, educational
or social; and. to compare methods of
study and work." .- It was declared that
political opinions ..and religious creeds
should not be requirements of member
ship and that these things should not en
ter into the discussions of the organiza
tion. ; '
- Federation meetings are to b» called bi
ennially, beginning with the year 1900. The
State is divided by the federation into six
districts— the San Diego, Los Angeles, San
Joaquin. San Francisco and Al&meda dis
tricts and a district including the north
ern -part of the State. President Bur
dette of Pasadena and Mrs. Ella Sexton
of San' Francisco, first vice president -of
the Pacific Coast, were chosen as two of
the five delegates to represent the State
at the national biennial federation that
meets in Milwaukee next June.
Mrs." Mary E. Hart, secretary of the
Woman's Press Club of the State, re
quested delegates to send to her any In
formation with regard to employments In
which women are engaged, for statistics
that are to be sent to the Paris Exposi
tion!
Mrs. Lovell White, on behalf of the- San
Francisco clubs, tendered an Invitation
to hold the next federation meeting In
that city. This was accepted. The re
quest has been made to notify anxious
husbands that many delegates left for
home to-night and that the remainder
will leave to-morrrow. -;, ,*¦_¦"
WEAK
MEN ::
MADE
STRONG!
A BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE.
I PATIENTS. MAT DEPOSIT TRB
price ot a in any San Fran Cisco
bank, to be bald only after they^ are wen.
or may pay in monthly »s"**""? e Dif;.
Prices reasonable. No other doctor* will
make such an offer.
No Incurable Cases Taken at May Price.
FREE ADVICE AND CONSULTATION.
DR. MEYERS A CO. are tie only
specialists on the Pacific Coast who
cure diseases and weakness el MEN
EXCLUSIVELY. ~\ ',
. DR. METERS * CO. conduct U» larg-
est and best equipped medics* institution
and have the most extensive practice In
the world. They avoid the us* of all
mineral, poisonous or dangerous drugs
and electric belts. All their remedies are
carefully compounded in their private
laboratory, without cost to their patients.
HOME CVmß9—fltKß BOOK.
Thousands of men are cured at home
every year. If you cannot visit San Fran-
cisco, write for free private book, advice,
question list. etc. AH correspondence
confidential. No printing on envelopes or
packages to Indicate name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
73* MAHKET ST., a. F.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR.
HOURS— DaIIy. 8 to 5. Evenings.
7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 11.
GAPE NOME!
Al SHIP COLUMBIA. CAPACITY 2TOO
tons, sailing on or about April 10. Ap-
ply Alaska Navigation and Commercial
Co.. office with LEWIS. ANDERSON &
CO.. 26 East street. LOWEST RATES.
BAJA CALIFORNIA >
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA*
tor and Nervine.
The roost wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases ot the Kld>
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. -
NAEER, AJLFS & BRUNK. Acsnt*.
«J Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular*.
2ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 18.— The Russian Ironclad Poltava of 10,960 tons Is
dangerously ashore near Libau, on the Baltic.
The Poltava was launched at St. Petersburg In 1594. She Is 367 feet 6
Inches long and 69 feet wide and has a depth of 26 feet. Her Indicated horse
power is 11,255. Her armament consists of four 12-inch guns, twelve 5.9-lnch
quick-firing guns and thirty-four smaller guns. She also has six torpedo-tubes.
The cost of her construction was $3,495,000.
The End of the Nineteenth . Century
witnesses the unprecedented success of
G. H. Mumm's Extra Dry; Imports in ISO 9
being 109,303 cases, or 72,495 cases more
than of any other brand. These facts
sneak, not misleading figures bid at auc
tion sales. • ¦
EX-PRESIDENT OF THE
GLOBE BANK IN COURT
Case Continued Until February on
Request of Defendant's
Attorney.
BOSTON. Jan. IS.-Charles H. Cole,
formerly president of the Globe National
Hank, appeared before United States
Commissioner Flske to-day to answer to
the charge of embezzlement and misap
propriation. Involving $300,000 of the
banks funds. The examination was con
tinued to February, as counsel for the de
fendant desired more time to prepare his
case. The previous bail of $00,000 stands.
*
Fruit-Growers Incorporating.
Special Dlspat<* to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 18.—The board of
directors of the recently formed Califor
nia Fruit Growers' Association this
morning completed the work necessary
to the filing of articles of incorporation.
Their legality has been passed on by com
petent • attorneys and all the directors,
with the exception of Meek and Forman.
have signed the articles. The two latter
are in Los Angeles, and the papers were
WAR WITH JAPAN
IS INEVITABLE
Opinion of an Officer of
the Russian Navy.
CHICAGO. Jan. IS.— "War between Rus
«ia and Japan is looked for as inevitable
by the naval officers of these countries
who have been nearest the probable scene
of future operations," said Lieutenant
Romanoff of the Imperial Russian navy,
who arrived in Chicago to-day. The lieu
tenant has just completed a three years'
cruise In Asiatic waters on a Russian
battleship, the Slssoi Vcliky, and is on his
way to St. Petersburg. He contlned:
"just how soon such a war may begin
it is difficult to say. but events little short
of miraculous must occur to avert it. The
Japanese are building warships as rapidly
as possible. In anticipation of the out
break of hoptillties. and Russia is
strengthening her navy as fast as she can.
That Russia must have a naval base be
tween Port Arthur and Vladivostok is
certain. In the event of such a war it is
considered probable in Russian naval cir
cles that Russia will have the aid of Ger
many and that England will take the
other side. A European war will follow
the outbreak of hostilities between Russia
and Jupan.
"The movement of Russian tTOops to
ward the Afghanistan and .British-Indian
borders, the mobilization of Transcasplan
troops at Baku and Herat and other mili
tary maneuverings on the part of Russia
are taken by official Russia to mean the
beginning of a movement to eliminate
English influence in the territory hereto
fore held by her. beginning at Cabul. It
Is certain that England will have to light
to retain her territory in the East."
sent there for their signatures. As soon
as they are returned the articles will be
filed with, the Secretary of State. When
the certificate of Incorporation is received
the directors will meet and elect two more
members of the executive committee and
a secretary. The Mineral King Fruit
Company^ which owne 500 acres of bearing
orchard at Visalia, to-day signed an
agreement with the association.
m
LIVED WITH A HOLE
THROUGH HIS HEART
Physicians Puzzled Over the Case of
Charles Seeberger, Who Was
Shot Last Saturday.
BALTIMORE, Jan. IS.— The post mor
tem examination of the body of Charles
F. Seeberger, the electrician, who was
shot last Saturday night at Brunswick.
Md., by Conductor Jerome Swartley md
died Tuesday, revealed the fact that Sce
berger lived sixty hours with a bu'let
hole through the center of his heart. Tho
wound in the heart, the doctors say, was
of such a nature that instantaneous death
should have resulted, and that the mm
lived sixty hours after receiving it is re
garded little short of miraculous.
Epworth League Rally.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Jan. 18.— The members of
the Epworth League Alliance will meet In
their third quarterly rally at Los Gatos
to-morrow. The alliance includes the
nineteen societies of the leaguers in Santa
Clara County. About 200 members are
expected to be present. An Interesting pro
gramme has been arranged for, the after
noon and evening, and papers are to be
read by prominent divines.
Will Teach in Pomona.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 18.—
Walter R. Shaw, A.8., Botany, 1892. A.M..
IS9I, Ph.D., 1808, has been appointed as
sistant professor of botany in Pomona
College. Since leaving Stanford Mr.
Shaw ha 3 written "The Fertilization of
Onoclea" while an instructor in Barnard
College, at the same time pursuing grad
uate work in Columbia University.
Drainage Canal Matter.
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS.-The Supreme
Court of the United States to-day took
Informal cognizance of the motion of the
State of Missouri for leave to file a bill
of complaint against the State of Illi
nois, asking for an injunction against the
Chicago drainage canal to the extent of
stating to Attorney General Crow of the
former State that some announcement
would be made on Monday next.
Smallpox on Monmouthshire.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 18.— A private
dispatch from "Victoria. B. C, to-night
states that the steamship .Monmouth
shire, which piles between Portland and
the Orient, signaled "sickness aboard"
from Carmanah Point, on Vancouver Isl
and. It was at first supposed that the
steamer had bubonic plague aboard but
It has since been learned that it Is only
smallpox.
To Repeal Bankruptcy Law.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.— Mr. De Ar
mond of Missouri has introduced in the
House a bill for the repeal of the bank
ruptcy law, with a reservation that pro
ceedings now begun may be closed up.
statue on behalf of the United States.
He said:
To George "Washington and his associates,
who in ITNT framed the Federal constitution,
we owe that great paper. Ii bound the thir
teen Independent colonies into a union and
created the United States of America. In it
they gave us tho ample letter and frame of
Kovernment. To the overwhelming arguments
nearly half a century later of Daniel Webster
in the Senate and to the luminoui sentiments
of John Marshall on the bench we owe Its de
velopment, by Interpretation and construction,
into the great charter of power which now
constitute the national authority. They Il
luminated Its letter with the national spirit.
They breathed into its frame the life of na
tional sovereignty. In the momentous debate
in which at that time they participated over
the measure of its grant of power — a debate
of giants — the Issue was between a limitation
on the one hand which would have narrowed
the growth of the young republic and endan
gered the union, and. on the other, an ex
pansion which Insured the Indestructibility of
the union and let free the republic to Its larg
est developments.
As they prevailed, so they made the re
public indissoluble by internal convulsion and
equal to the emergencies of the future which
confronted them, or which confront us. Th«
ptatue of one of them, the Rreat JuriHt In the
porene diernity of his hl*h office, already adorns
the front of the Capitol. To-day, on Massa
c hu-»ti» avenue, a name as dear to him aa
his to her, with his face to the Capitol and
to the Chief Justice, we dedicate the statue
of the other, the Kreat expounder of the con
stitution and defender of the union and the
foremost lawyer, orator and statesman, whose
words Imb«"<lde<l tn the common political liter
ature of his countrymen, come to the tongue
like parsaces from the poets or the psalms.
I am deputed by the President to speak his
acceptance of the Rift thus added to the re
productions in endurlnp bronzo of those to
¦whom It hath been said. •'Well done."
Secretary Long's remarks were warmly
applauded and then, amid another out
burst of applause. Senator Lodge deliv
ered the oration of the day.
The formal ceremonies concluded with a
benediction by Rev, Mr. Couden, chaplain
of trie House.
Thn President and most of the other dis
tinguished guests next proceeded to Scott
Circle, where, at 12 o'clock, the statue
was unveiled.
The drawing of the veils was performed
by Jerome Bonaparte, a great-grandson
of Webster, assisted by Mrs. Hutchins
and Miss Katherine Deering.
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS.— A dis
tinguished gathering of public
officials. including President
McKinley and his entire Cabi
net, representatives of the
Senate and House of Representatives, the
judiciary of the United States Supreme
Court and other branches of public life,
participated to-day in the exercises at
tending the unveiling of the colossal
bronze statue of Daniel Webster, exec
uted by the Italian sculptor. Trentanove,
and presented to the United States by
Stilson Hutchins of this city. The statue
occupies a position on Scott Circle, but.
prior to the actual unveiling, the cere
monies of presentation and acceptance
were held at the Lafayette Opera-house.
The President occupied a seat on the
stage and back of him sat Secretaries
Hay, Gage, Root, Long, Hitchcock. Pos.t
master General Emory Smith. Attorney
General Griggs, Secretary Wilson and
Private Secretary Porter. Others on the
stage were Governor Crane of Massachu
setts, accompanied by his adjutant gen
eral and aids. Chief Justice Fuller, Jus
tices Harlan, White, Gray, Senators Hoar,
Lodge, Chandler. Allison, Bacon, Fair
banks, Proctor. Tlllman, Representatives
Lovering. Cousins, Clarke and others
identified with the exercises and with the
States which share the honors cluster
ing about the illustrious Webster. Major
General Miles and other representatives
of the army, the navy and of the diplo
matic corps added to an assemblage of
unusual distinction. The Marine Band
occupied the orchestra.
Ab the President and Cabinet came upon
the stage the entire audience rose while
the band played "Hail to the Chief."
After an eloquent prayer by the blind
chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Dr. Milburn.
Senator Chandler on behalf of the two
branches of Congress read Mr. Hutchins'
presentation letter and added a brief but
glowing tribute to the statesmanship, the
oratory ami the patriotism of Webster.
Secretary Long then accepted the
GENERAL BUCKNER
SAYS BRYAN WILL LOSE
Declares Democracy Cannot Win Un
til the Element Now in Control
Is Wiped Out.
v-HICAGO. Jan. IS.— General Simon B.
Buckner of Kentucky, who was the Vice
[?residential candidate on the Gold Demo
cratic ticket in JKX», was In Chicago to
day and said in an interview:
"The Democratic party has no future
until the element now ia control has been
wiped out. and this promises to be done
p.i the elections of this year. Expediency,
not princijr-10, is the motto of this ele
ment. The energies of its leader. Mr.
Bryan, are engaged in hunting for an
Issue, which he hopes will attract votes,
and not In the promulgation of those
pxoat principles on which the Demo
cratic p>rty rests. With his defeat, which
promises to be more overwhelming than In
I'M. there' is every reason to believe that
tne conservative element of the party once
?sore will ccme into power. The controlling
element of the party to-day would commit
It to opposition to expansion, when expan
sion was the essence of Jeffersonian De
mocracy. As a practical proposition there
can b*» no doubt in my mind as to the wis
j:om of this country In retaining the Phil-
Ipjjines."
Had Counterfeit Coin
rr*ri;ii i»:?pairn to tb» can.
WOODLAND, Jan. IS.— A man who
Fives his name as Lyman Bayley is In
Jail here. He was arrested on Wednesday
evening by Marshal Lawson. After Bay
ley's nrrest he .admitted that he had had
' two checks cashed, one by a Woodland
bask and another by a Healdsburg bank,
both of which hay» pince been proved
wor:hloss. ISayley was arrested because
hf is t-u spited of having- counterfeit half
dollars in his possession. He admitted
that he had counterfeit money on
Wednesday, but saiu that he did not
know it until he attempted to pass it. and
then he threw it away.
The oflicers will hoid Bayley until they
can thoroughly investigate his record.
CENSUS DIRECTOR TO
HAVE GREATER POWER
House Passes the Senate Bill and
Directs Where Extra, Printing
Shall'Be Done.
WASHINGTON, Jan. IS.— The House to
day passed the Senate bill to extend the
powers of the Director of the Census
after striking out the committee amend
ment to authorize the Director to con
tract for extra printing with private con
tractors. The whole fight was upon that
amendment. The influence of the Public
Printer and the labor organizations of
the country was employed against It, and
after a lively debate of several hours it
was overwhelmingly defeated. The publi
cation of the reports of the twelfth cen
bus, therefore, will \n made by the Public
Printer as in the past.
Bail for Boyle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. IS.— Patrick Boyle,
the alleged incendiary, was to-night re
leased on bonds of $4000, furnished by his
mother, Mrs. Wagner, and a Mrs. Rich-
ard Bullis. wife of a capitalist of this
place. Boyle will probably .return with
his mother to Glen Ellen, although to
night he is still In town.
FRASER CASE SETTLED.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
PASADENA, Jan. 13.— The suit for di
vorce brought by Mrs. Ida M. Frazer
against Dr. J.C.Frazer, In which Mrs. Lucy
C. Scribner 13 named as co-respondent, will
never come to trial, or, at least, will not
be fought. This morning Attorney A. 11.
Van Copp, who came from New York to
defend Mrs. Scribner's name, had a con
ference with the lawyers of Dr. Frazer
and Mrs. Frazer. and it was agreed that
the doctor should let the divorce be
granted on the ground of cruelty.
Mellin's Application Rejected.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Jan. IS.— The City
Council to-night rejected President Mel
lin's petition for the vacation of certain
streets running into railroad avenue to
enable him to erect a passenger depot
and freight sheds. President Hill of the
Great Northern submitted plans for the
erection of a union depot in the southern
part of the city. He hopes to have Mel
lin Join him In the scheme.
NOMINATIONS CONFIRMED.
C. H. Sherman to Ba Assayer at ths
Mint in This City.
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the following nomina
tions:
C. 11. Sherman, to be assayer of the
Mint at San Francisco: R. K. Colcord.
assayer In charge of the Mint at Car
son, Nev. ; J. B. Shoenfelt. agent of the
Indians of the Union Agency in the In
dian Territory: R. W. Me Wade of Penn
sylvania, Consul to Canton, China; T. J.
Henderson of Illinois, a member of the
Board of Ordnance and Fortifications; E.
S. Warner of St. Paul, Surveyor Gen
eral of Minnesota.
PORTO RICANS URGE RELIEF.
Ask That Business Stagnation, Be
Cleared at the Island.
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS.— Another dele
gation of Porto Ricans arrived hers to
day to urge upon the authorities the ex
treme urgency legislation which will rem
edy the present business stagnation ot
the Island. This delegation is composed
of bankers and merchants having 1 consid
erable capital Invested In the island.
LOAN FOB, KOREA.
Report Current That Russia Has
Agreed to Advance $12,000,000.
LONDON. Jan. 13.— A Shanghai special
says: It Is reported here that an agree
ment has been concluded under which
Russia will lend Korea $12,000,000. of which,
$5,000,000 will be paid immediately, Korea
having unsuccessfully applied to Japan
for a loan.
GENERAL KOBBE
MADE GOVERNOR
Will Rule Province of
Albay.
MANILA, Jan. IS. 5:23 p. m.— Brigadier
General Kobbe has been appointed Gover
nor of Albay province and Catanduanes
Island, and has temporarily been placed
in charge of the islands of Samar and
Leyte. ills command embraces the prin
cipal hemp producing country. He has
been Instructed to establish civil govern
ments in places under his jurisdiction-
General Kobbe sailed yesterday on th©
transport Hancock with a brigade, con
sisting of the Forty-seventh and Forty
third Infantry and a battery of artillery.
Generals Bates, Wheaton and Schwan
have occupied the principal towns In Ca
vite and Batangas provinces. A majority
of the insurgents have returned to thetr
homes and have secreted their guns. All
the southern ports will be opened soon.
General Mac Arthur's troops axe pursu
ing many small bands, killing numbers ot
the Filipinos and securing guns.
BIG RUSSIAN WARSHIP
DANGEROUSLY ASHORE
FASTENING GUILT
ON MOLINEUX
»
Jurors Tired of Expert
Testimony.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— Assistant Dis
trict Attorniey Osborne announced to-day
that the prosecution to-morrow would
close Its case against Roland B. Mollneux,
charged with the murder of Mrs. Kathe
rine J. Adams. The prosecution to-day
introduced two more handwriting experts,
who testified briefly that the handwrit
ing of the "Cornish" and "Barnet" letters
and of the poison package address was
identical with that of Molineux. Recor
der Goff ruled that the prosecution would
not be permitted to call any more hand
writing experts, and one of the Jurors
expressed his weariness of expert testi
mony.
The most important testimony to-day
related to the poisoning of H. C. Bar
net, and while Mr. Osborne was always
checked by the court when he asked his
witnesses questions that connected Mo
lineux with the Barnet case, still the
prosecution scored effectively.
James S. Hudson, a salesman formerly
associated with H. C. Barnet, testified
that late in the summer of 1898, shortly
before Garnet's death, Barnet received by
mail" a package about one and a haff
inches long and high, in a light colored
wrapper. Witness continued: "I saw
Mr. Barnet open the package. I saw him
take out the contents. As I recollect it,
there was some cotton, a smaller box
Inside and in it were some pink or red
capsules."
"How does all this become relevant?"
asked the recorder.
"I'll show," said Osborne, "that Bar
net received things anonymously through
the mails, iVid that this defendant bought
such remedies as have just been described
tn the name of 11. C. Barnet."
Edmund Barnet, brother of H. C. Bar
net, testified that among the latter's ef
fects were a small white box containing
fifteen pink pills, and also a box contain
ing a salve.
Dr. Robert Cooke. a homeopathic phy
sician of forty years' experience, testi
fied that small doses of cyanide of mer
cury, often repeated, would produce all
the symptoms of diphtheria,
Barnet. it v/as remembered, treated for
diphtheria. ":*
Other witnesses to-day were Vincent G.
Hammill, president of a private remedy
agency, who treated by mail the bogus H.
C. Barnet, alleged by the pr-^secution to
be Mollneux, for impotency, and who
testified to his correspondence with the
so-called Barnet, and William O. Inglis,
a newspaper reporter, who identified a
new "Barnet" letter to a Western medi
cal house, asking for a prescription. The
handwriting is identical with that of the
other "Barnet" letters.
STATUE OF DANIEL
WEBSTER UNVEILED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1900.
RAILROADS MAY
FORM A POOL
Plan to Keep Up Their
Earnings.
CHICAGO. Jan. IS.— The Tribune to
renrrow will pay: In order to carry out
their ami-commission agreement, it is
proposed now to combine all the railroads
Sn the country into a big passenger pool
and operate it in such a way that each
road will get an agreed percentage of the
earnings. 15y such action no profit
can possibly accrue to any ot the
roads by ignoring the agreement. Any
road that should manage to get more
than its allotted proportion would have
Its labor for its pains, as the profits
would go to the competing roads which
have failed to carry their proportion of
business. The Eastern roads have all
voted in favor of this scheme and a com
mittee of Western executive officials is
now at work to get all the Western lines
into the combination. This commission
is composed of: S. N. Felton. president of
the Chicago and Alton; Paul Morton, vice
president of the Athison, Topeka and
Santa Fe; J. M. Hannaford, president of
the Xnrthern Pacific; J. T. Harahan. vice
president of the Illinois Central, and J.
Kamsay Jr.. general manager of the Wa
baeh.
The railroad magnates do not admit
that the formation and maintenance of a
passenger pool would constitute a viola
tion of the law. It has always been the
contention of the railroads that the sec
tion of the Interstate Commerce act for
bidding pools relates only to freight
traffic and does not affect passenger busi
ness in any way. and it now seems to be
thoir determination to act and fight it
nut on this presumption. The fact that
President Felton of the Alton is chair
man of the committee insures the co
operaticn of the Alton and Union Pacific
roads, "which have been opposed to pools
heretofore. The Great Northern, which
always has been a stumblir.g-block In th«
way of pools ;and steadfastly refused to
join combinations of that kind, is said to
have been won over.
THE RUSSIAN IRONCLAD POLTAVA.
T . <f>
I The Webster Statue as It Appeared in the Sculptor's J
? Studio When Completed. I
z ~f3 IS OF
i^^-N IMPORT-
\b~zti STUDY
I » V DIAGRAM.
It certainly Is of the rreatest Importance to
Mery ir.an or woman who Is predisposed to
1 H^art Diaoape or who cutters from other
troubles that may terminate in H*art Disease
to know his or her «-xact condition. We read
at sudden death as a result of Heart Disease
far too often in our daily paper*. There is a
mfthed of preventing organic heart lesions-
th»re Is a method of curing serious heart les-
iens.
Comparatively Jnnrx-ent disorders, i=uch as
Ftorr.ach trouble or liver trouble, are frequently
the direct cause of Heart Disease. This is due
to the fact that the same gr^at r=yBtem of nerves
that controls the action of the stomach controls
the action of the heaj-t as well.
The foUowlnc Fj-mptoms are a Trarninjr that
Ferir.us disease If fastening Its hold upon you:
Fr^u^nt dull headaches and dizzy sensations
<F"ie. I>. flUFhinf? of face upon Flfurht exertion
<Kip. J). rhoking sensations <Flr. 2). pain over
h«*art or Irrepular flutterinßg of heart <V:k. 4),
r-.iiiness of extremities (Fig. X>-Z). Other symp-
toms are swelling of ankles or abdomen, tend-
ency to falr.t. Fhortness of breath, weakness
iind oppressed feelinjt In chest.
S!nce the discovery °' HI'DTAN fatalities
'mm heart disease have become le-s frequent.
KUDTA2S Ftrensrthens the heart's action. HL'D-
TAN rebuilds the broken-down heart structure.
If vo'i notice any of the above symptoms by
aM rai-nns take HUDYAN. HUDYAX has res-
cued thousands of sufferer* "from this dread dif-
f»m — it will do Rf much for you. HUDTAX
cures are irf-rrr-anent and laetlnr.
fIfUDYAN Is for pale by drußgistg— 69c a pack-
egre or cix cackajres for JI GO.
If your drufrs'lj't does not keep HUDTAN eend
direct to the HL'DTAN REMEDY CO.. corner
Stockton.' Ellis and Market streets, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
t CONSULT t M Fre ° h M
FREE. I Hudy«n Doctors. Call
? - ? or writ: to them.
JjpiSpßE
V.'HKX we ray "RUPTURE CURED" we
nu-an it, for It is a fsct that thousands of cures
have been fteeorapllsbed by Dr. -Tierce* World-
renc-a.-W EUfXTtUC TBCS3 durinir the past !
twenty-five years. There if nothing else like It i
on earth! It does the v.-ork! Have received so j
many ie-tters and testimonials th«t we hardly
Itncw what to do with them all. If ruptured in-
•veMlgate £t once. Our prices are nassnable,
but nut cheap. We make no discounts. "'Dr.
pjorce's" is THK truss, and you cannot be
boppy t::i ycu set it.
You can e*t our "BOOKLET No. 1" for noth-
ir.R by calling at the ofnee. or It will be wnt to
you on receipt of a 2-cent stamp. It tells aJI
ebout thte THUSS. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C2O Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
It Tribune building. NEW YOIIK.
DT3TTCUI7C ron barbers, bak-
£>JTl.U GiliZ/O pr *. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
lirewem. bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyer». Cour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
i Isanccrs. printers, painters, choc factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHA.HA.* BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
I M Sale of sad suits /
JfiG? BgHffl That is a very low price for a suit of ffe]m
clothes— too low, perhaps— you might think Win
]^^ t^iS c su^ ts themselves cheap. You would be W?S
r^ilsf riGic is Hit rccjcciTiin^ Teature ot xne w , j
If h them that they were reduced; and, too, we W
y Certainly, then, they are not cheap, but /
§ They are ready-made sack suits in Wmll m
Jll You can bring the suit back if you don't mJ^flmßk fifi
Here is a good bargain in our boys' department, too— middy suits of blue HriTOmwSf^^™^ l&ssl&ls
'^^^^^ cheviots, s-jilcr collars— veste; and collar elegantly trimmed with five rows of a6^B«jSM9HEB9| $i»&£&I
soutache, either in blue, red or black; ages 3to 8 years; actual value 52.25— f0r a I!!?!*!?!!? && && t£i
Wj^Hßffl Ball and bat free with every boy's suit or overcoat. RaP s^*
' Wsm O u t-°f-t° wn orders filled — write us for illustrated catalogue No. 2. Illiliil W&k
3DOCTORS ARE BARTENDERS.
When They Prescribe Whisky They
Must Pay a Special License.
Internal Revenue Collector John C.
Lynch has been notified by the Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue at Washing
ton that a physician who sells to his pa
tients whisky, brandy, wine or any other
alcoholic liquor that Is not compounded
into a medicine by the admixture of any
drug or medicinal Ingredient therewith
Is required to pay a special tax as a retail
liquor dealer, even though the alcoholic
liquor thus furnished be prescribed as a
medicine only, and so used. The same
rule Is applied to druggists.
'me Commissioner has ruled also that
every social club that receives orders
from its members for alcoholic liquor in
any quantity less than flve gallons, and
furnishes the liquor so ordered and col
lects pay therefor, or accepts the con
sumer s promise to pay in the future, sells
the liquor to Its members and is a retail
liquor dealer under the internal revenue
laws, and Is required to pay special tax
accordingly.
rially with their control of all matters
pertaining to elections.
Violated the Game Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO. Jan. IS.— Constable John
E. Creed to-day swore out a warrant in
Judge Bellrude's court charging John E.
Goff. a San Franciscan, with a misde
meanor. The warrant is the first that
has been issued for the violation of
Maiin's new game law, which forbids the
shooting of game from the county road.
LABORERS MUST NOT
SHIRK WHILE ON DUTY
TWO DISCHARGED BY CO3OHS
SIONER MANSON.
California Association of Civil En
gineers Addressed Board of
Puhlic Works — Kore- Ap
pointments Made.
The fact was demonstrated by Commis
sioner Manson at a meeting of the Board
of Public Works yesterday that In the
future all employes of the city govern
ment must not be Idle while on duty.
Manson stated that he went down to the
foot of Spear street In the morning to
see how the work of repair was progress
ing, and he observed two laborers for a
period of half an hour, during which time
they actually labored only ten minutes.
The two men belonged to Fragley'a old
force, and Commissioner Manson's re
quest that they be discharged was lm.
mediately formulated Into an order on
Chief Deputy Donovan to dismiss the de
linquents, which was at once carried out
The board appointed George McGllli
vray chief field assistant of the Bureau
of Streets at a salary of $200 per month
He was directed to take supervision of
all street work and will immediately or
ganize the bureau. P. M. Wellin was
formally confirmed In his position of su
perlntendpnt of repairs of school huiltl
fngrs at $!;:> a month, and John A. Mendel
was appointed clerk of the board at Jl'X)
per month.
The following janitors were appointed
for a period of sixty days, at $2 per day
to serve under Head Janitor Sawyer-
James Graham, Jerry Holland, T. Muliin"
M. Bushway. J. Hardy. C. McDermott M*
Fitzgerald, H. 8. Syron. J. Leonard ' \l"
Sherlock. C. \V. Clark. E. Martin \ *Mc-
Carte, E Murphy. D O'Neill. .William
Bannon, A. Hynes, L. Chavelaux J Hy
man. S Pierce. G. Cnsey. \V. Anderson,
H. Skehen, A. Uhlenbrock and W Mul
cahey.
Chief Emergency Surgeon Bunnell made
a request for needed Improvements In the
quarters now occupied by the Receiving
Hospital. The had sewerage demands im
mediate attention and Commissioner Man
son will investigate the matter and ac
tion will be taken by the board.
A communication was received from the
California Association of Civil Engineers
requesting that the board abandon its in
tention to continue, through the agency
of the City Engineer's office, the survey
of private property as heretofore don* by
the City and County Surveyor It Is
claimed that the charter does not con
template that such work shall be done
by the City Engineer, and that In other
large cities it la done by outside profes
sional men, the City Engineer confining
himKelf to protecting streets from en
croachments, establishing and preserving
monuments and lines. ~*
William Maxwell's resignation as keeper
of the corporation yard, to take effect to
day, was accepted.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee In
vited the board to be present at its meet
ing to be held January 22, when the ques
tion of indemnity bond 3 for employes will
be taken up..
The Empire Milling Company petitioned
for the privilege of constructing a spur
track on either Division or Harrison
streets, between Sixteenth and Seven
teenth. In the vicinity of which a large
factory will be erected. .
Light nlng killed SCO bird 3 In Cousty
Monaghan, Ireland.
Election Commission Not Restricted.
City Attorney Lane yesterday filed an
opinion with the Election Commissioners
In which he holds that Its authority to
expend money for advertising and other
Eurposes Is Independent of the Board of
upervisors, as it would interfere mate-
BOXING TOURNAMENT
AT RELIANCE CLUB
OAKLAND, Jan. 18.— A splendid pro
pramme has been arranged for boxing
night on January 25 at the Reliance Club.
Manager Grops has two try-outs and
three ten-round contests on the bills, and
all the parties are men who are handy in
the ring.
Billy Murnane of Ban' Francisco and
Jockey Maynard of Oakland will meet at
115 x>ouna.s, ringside weights. Both men
are pretty eveniy matched and a good go
Is looked for.
Ed Smith of the Reliance Club and Dave
Barry of San Francisco will also come to
pcther. They will meet at 145 pounds.
Both contestants are training actively
and the one who wins will have to. be
pretty clever. .
The main event will be an encounter
between Reconnl of the Olympic Club and
Clerks Cannot Administer Oaths.
Assessor Dodge has asked City Attorney
Lane for legal advice regarding the defi
nition of the word "clerk" In the pro
vision appertaining to his office. Und^r
Its terms the Assessor may appoint six
deputies and twenty-one clerks, besides
a number of extra clerks. The law holds
that a clerk cannot administer an oath,
and' therefore -only six of his employes
could be utilized during the busy season,
when assessment and pauper or age
claims must be sworn to. The Assessor
says It would be impossible to transact
business of the office with only six men,
and. so he Is in a quandary, from whJcn
the City Attorney has been asked to ex
tricate him. -
OPPOSES THE UNION'S CLAIM.
The San Francisco Typothetae Sends
a Communication to the
Supervisors.
President N. A. Judd of th« Pan Fran
cisco Typ n tk (: 't af> has^ pent a communica
tion to the Board of ; Supervisors object-
Ing to the claim made by the union print
ers- to all of the city printing, by virtue
of their organization and the language of
th" charter. This claim is disputed by the
Typothetae on the ground that the State
constitution, article I. section 21, says:
"Nor shall any citizen or class of citi
zens be granted privileges or immunities
which upon the wmi 1 terms shall not be
granted to nrl citizens."
The Typothetae claims to have both
union and non-union printers on Its rolls,
and strenuously objects to the city print-
Ing being given to union shops only.
The Supervisors will consider the com
munication at their meeting on next Mon
day.
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
crlng it.
Peary's Ship Registered.
WASHINGTON, Jan. IS— Amons the
House b!il« Introduced was one to give
nn American registry to the steamer
Windward, belonging to Lieutenant Peary
of Amir fame.
CALIFORNIA'S RIVAL
IN THE WINE TRADE
W. BL BUNKER'S REPORT ON THE
OUTPUT OF FRANCE.
Secretary Scott of the Chamber of Com
merce is In receipt of a letter written in
Paris by William M. Bunker of San Fran
cisco, who is representing the chamber
as its commissioner to the world's fair.
Mr. Bunker writes that France as a na
tion is paying but little attention to war
matters, but all branches of business are
figuring upon increasing their foreign
commerce. Of the fair he says:
The signs seem to assure the success of
the Exposition in all Its aspects, but most
clearly In a commercial sense. Every for
eign country Is utilizing every Inch of its
sectional space and the tremendous forces
of international rivalry are already at work.
In writing of the output of wine and
other products, Mr. Bunker gives some
Information of value to American pro
ducers In general and California vltlcul
turists in particular. He says:
Generally speaking, the year 1533 has been
kind to France. The crops were planted,
. cultivated and harvested with the thorough
¦ ness peculiar to this people, the manufac
turing Industries were proseruted with teal
and success, despite several larre strikes.
an«l the exports in eleven months of 1533
were »13.«)0,OOO irreater than durlnsc a slm
• liar period o f ig9g.
The wine product of 1 5 33 Is officially esti
mated at 1,;i53,f>.*0.W> gallons. (There are one
thousand million in a French billion.) In IS9S
the product .was under StCO.Oto.OOO gallons.
The value of wine exports! is placed at
J554, 000,000, and for Import*'! wines, mostly
' from Spain, France paid J60.000.000.
' The chamber's representative gives the
American people a little pood advice in
the matter of advancing their goods and
exhibits, saying that reference to money,
pamphlets, circulars, letters and carda in
the English language Is useless In Paris.
The French will not talre the trouble to
translate the language, and "as the
French system of, weights and the French
language are familiar to the people of
other continental countries, the impor
tance of this reference to language and
money can hardly be overestimated."
FORM PLAYERS AT SEA.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. I?.— Form play
trs were all at fault on the heavy track
to-day and Topgallant, who won th» third
race, was the only successful favorite.
The stewards have decided to refuse the
entry of Tyrba in the future. Results:
One mi!' I—Pro«pero1 — Pro«pero v. on, Trillo second.
Lord Fairfax third. Time. 1:45^.
Mile ar.d twenty yards— Caviar won.
Major Mansur second, Calooean third.
Time, l:50U.
Srllir.g. mil* and an eighth— Topgallant
won. Fewness second, Elidad third.
Time, 2:01.
Handicap. s»ven furlongs — Knight Ban
nert won, Fr'-linghuyeen second, El Ca
ney third. Time. I:XSU. -
Selling, six furlongs— Dr. Parker won,
Josephine B second. Cathedral third.
Time, 1:18.
Selling, mile and an eighth— Albert Vale
won, Monongah second. Judge Qulgley
third. Time. 2:01.
New Baseball Concern.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 18.— The indications
that Baltimore will be dropped from the
National Base-ball League and given a
place In the Eastern League have caused
patrons of the game to form a stock com
pany, with a view of placing an Ameri
can Association team In this city. It is
ctated on good authority that the com
pany vlll be organized and incorporated
within a day or two, with a paid up capi
tal of J2OOO McGraw will be offered the
position of manager.
San Francisco Fighter Loses.
MILWAUKEE. Jan. 15.— Perry Quee
nan of Milwaukee got the decision over
Frank Mueller of San Francisco in a
lively Fix-round bout before the Milwau
kee Athletic Club to-night. Joe Choynskl
and Jack McCormack, who were billed to
box clx rounds, failed to appear.
SADDLER AND WHEELWRIGHT
Two % Good Men May Find Employ
ment at the Presidio.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that It is desired to es
tablish an eligible register from which a
selection may be made to fill a vancancy
in the grade of saddler in the quarter
master's department at large at the Pre
sidio of San Francisco, at a salary of JCO
per month; also a wheelwright at the
same salary- No educational test will be
required, but applicants will be graded
upon the elements of age, experience,
character as workmen and physical con
dition. It will not be necessary for ap
plicants to appear at any place for ex
amination.
Persons desiring to compete should
write to the United States Civil Service
Commission, Washington, D. C, for ap
plicaton blank, form 1093.
Billy Woods of San Francisco. Each
pugilist has a large following of admirers
and they have both done exceedinelv
creditable work in the fistic arena before.
Should Reconnl beat hls antagonist he
win probably secure a match with Phil
Green, to occur at the February tourna
ment at the Reliance Club.
The members of the club will be admit
ted free at the coming event Others will
be charged a dollar. Music will be fur
nished by the Reliance Club orchestra.
UNCLE SAM WILL NOT
MISS CARBOLIC ACID
DOES FOT NEED IT FOR USE BY
SOLDIERS.
Manufacturing of Lyddite Shells to
Destroy Boers in South Africa
Will Make the Fluid Scarce
Locally.
There may soon be a shortage of car
bolic add In this city. The story wired
from the East that the price has been ad
vanced 100 per cent Is confirmed here by
the wholesale druggists. The reason Is
that the British Government has decided
to prohibit the exportation of the acid
and has so notified all the wholesale drug
gists. The reason is that carbolic acid
figures In the manufacture of lyddite,
with which the British soldiers are shell
ing the Boers in South Africa, and the ex
tensive demand for lyddite makes it
necessary to keep all the acid at home.
Some interesting facts were learned yes
terday by talks with the local wholesale
druggists and manufacturers of explo
sives. The acid Is not used in any explo
sives made in this city either for blasting
purposes or for military use. Neither does
the United States employ it in the mak
ing of Its smokeless powder.
Langley & Michaels afforded the Infor
mation that the principal source of supply
of carbolic acid is to be found in the huge
gas and coke • plants in England, the
larger ones being at London and Manches
ter. The acid is a bi-product of coal tar.
There are places in the United States
where carbolic acid is produced, but in
comparatively small quantities. Its prin
cipal use in the United States Is for dis
infection. Hospitals and the medical fra
ternity will find Increased bills In this di
rection. If the restriction in England
should continue long the result would
probably be to Increase the American out
put sufficiently to supply all demands.
There are other disinfectants that can bo
employed In lieu of carbolic acid, but that
has been the cheapest and the most con
venient and satisfactory for some pur
poses. Those who have a stock on hand
will profit by the sudden Increase in the
price.
OLYMPICS NO
MATCH FOR
SAILOR LADS
Are Defeated in a Tug-of-War
in the Club Gym
nasium.
A mighty cheer went up at the Olympic
Athletic Club last night when six sturdy
apprentices from the English ships In the
harbor defeated a like number of Olym
pians In a tug-of-war contest.
The contest took place on the smooth
floor of the Post street gymnasium and
the first trial of strength was won by
the Olympians. The sailors started the
red knot, indicating the center of the
rope, toward their side, but their oppo
nents pulled thorn over in one. long,
steady pull. The apprentices then shed
their heavy shoes, with which they could
get no hold on the floor. Their second
trial brought out their skill at the game
and they won handily. They also won
the third and decisive pull. The sailors'
team was made up of Dalman, Rhrin
ishch, Collins, Huggins, Butler and Fife,
The Olympics: Franklin. Mlddleton, Con-
Hn, Ft-nton. Bayly and King.
There were a number of boxing bouts,
In which there was some lively going. A.
Thompson of the Moana and F. MacDer
mld boxed three fast rounds. It was
stopped when the men warmed up.
Stewart Simpson and C. Mil ward- of the
Olympic Club showed marked cleverness.
Alfred Robinson and James Thompson
of the Moana and F. Peck of the Moana
and W. J. Leonard, Olympic" Club, also
donnr-d the big gloves.
F. B. Bayly and Clarence Pray, each
secured a fall in a wrestling bout. Chris.
Piersen of the Reliance Club and W. R.
McCullough of the Olympics had a sharp
encounter on the mat. Piersen, who
weighed IDS pounds to his opponent's 171,
won both falls, securing the first in flve
minutes and the second in eighteen. Mc-
Culloush was thrown with a crotch hold
the llrst time, and falling on his head,
was dazed. Piersen is a giant in size
and is muscled like a Hercules.
The gymnasium was crowded, a large
number of apprentices and tailors from
the ships in port being" the guests of the
club. They were looked after by the Rev.
H. W. L. O'Rourke of the Seamen's In
stitute, a firm believer In muscular Chris
tianity.
"Uncle" George Bromley was called up
on for an address and compromised by
singing several "chanties" familiar to
men of the sea. Mr. Fulton of the steam
er Moana contributed two clever songs in
good voice and style. |
TROLLEYS FOR HA WAII
L. P. Matthews, a prominent business
man of Cleveland, Ohio, who arrived here
a short time ago from the Hawaiian Isl
ands, left last night for his home. Since
hlB arrival here he has been traveling
aboui the State for pleasure, making the
California Hotel his headquarters between
trips.
Before his departure Mr. Matthews ac
knowledged that his recent trip to the
Islands was taken in the Interest of an
Eastern syndicate, which proposes to con
struct over 300 miles of electric roads in
Hawaii, at a cost of between $4,000,000 and
$5,000,000. Over $1,000,000 worth of ties and
lumber has already been contracted for
and will be 6hipped to Honolulu from Pu
get Sound. Most of the electric system
will be in and about Honolulu, and will
connect at its terminal with a ferry ser
vice running to the other islands. U'.ds
calling for estimates for the construction
of 310 miles of road have already been
asked for, and It will not be loner before
the work of building the road will be un
der way.
The first line to be built will run from
Honolulu to Kohala. a distance of about
130 miles, and is expected to cost $2,500,000.
MASKERS TO REVEL IN
MECHANICS' PAVILION
Maskers will hold high carnival in Me
chanics' Pavilion Saturday evening, when
the masquerade ball under the auspices of
the Commis Voyageurs will take place.
It is expected that the affair will surpass
anything of the kind ever presented in
this city. Two military band 3 will dis
course promenade and dance music during
the evening. One hundred commercial
travelers, representatives of the leading
houses of the coast, will act as a recep
tion committee and also lead the grand
march, which will begin at 10:30 o'clock.
The members of the committee will be at
tired In evening dress and during the
march will wear high hats. In their wake
will come 100 beautiful and shapely young
women dressed in gorgeous costumes of
ever}* country and description, and behind
them will follow the masqueraders. The
grand march promises to be the feature of
the ball, and it is more than probable
that hundreds of spectators will watch the
brilliant train winding its way around the
Immense ballroom.
The rough element will not be able to
gain admittance, as tickets have been
placed on sale at J5 each. Invitations
nave been extended a chosen few.
MIDWINTER SPORTING EVENTS
ZOROASTER
SMOTHERED
HIS FIELD
Won the Bdmont Stake Al
most as He Pleased — Time
maker a Scorcher.
By taking the Eclmont ? taL at Tanfo
ran yesterday in clever fa-.hion from a
moderate f.eld of hors . Zoroaster made
his winnings foot up the tidy sum cf $3S25
sir.ce the inception of the local racing sea
son. In d r.g so. Willie Shields' finely
chise'.ed little rfece of horseflesh equaled
th» coast record of 2:06 for one tnne and a
Quarter. He was the actiial favorite.
U.c ugh coupled with Topmast. His im
post cf US pounds bothered him but little,
for when Jer.kir.s save the gelding his
head he soon overtook Poter.te. the pace
maker, •winning by half a lengui without
much urging, Fcr a mile the winner was
BlZBpty nodding back in the bunch. Daisy
F. cf whcin great things were expected,
ran third.
The track was very fast, accounting for
the fast time made in the different events.
Three rurses fell to favorites.
Garnet _-"ergnson"s recent purchase,
Li-n^rick. «ed his field a merry chase In
the opening sprint. A 7 to 5 favorite, he
broke away first and. never headed, won
easily from the 50 to 1 shot Racetto. Joe
McGee. the second choice, was unable to
Jingle Jingle a 10 to 1 snot, also made
an end-to-end affair of the six furlong
run following. At the wire he was ex
tended to beat the 3C> to 1 shot Sugden a
scant head. A very heavy play sent Alle
viate, the Shulte entry, to . » post favor
ite. Jenkins managed to get the mare
away well, but was cut off soon after the
start, ruining all chance of victory.
Throughout the betting Honig's mare
Theory ruled a consistent 3 to 5 favorite
for the third event, also ¦ Fix furlone
da?h. Harry Thoburn made the running
to the stretch, where Theory headed him.
Thorpe then reserved Thobarn for a iir.iil
rush and. catching the first choice at the
paddock, beat her out three-fourths of a
length in 1:13 f.at. Clonsilla made a good
showing, downing Mountebank two
lengths for the show.
Fred Foster brought Tellowtail over
from Oakland, and he was supposed to be
"oil from the can" to beat Sardine ar.d
Timemaker. Starting a 9 to 20 choice, he
led when the paddock was reached, but
could not stand the clip. Jenkins here got
up with Timemaker. and. driving hard,
downed Sardine half a length, with the
"big fellow" nosed out for the dace. The
five ar.d a half furlongs was covered in
l:0C'i.
With nothing to beat. Bannockbum
made a gallop of the closing seven fur
longs. Oiinthus finished second, three
lengths before San Venado.
To-Day Entries
The er.trfes for this afternoon's running
events are as follows:
Fim race— Three furlongs; two-year-olds;
C» Core 103' CSS P.athgar 104
635 Mocnbrieht ....105' ... Princess Leota.103
(Oi) Sofala 11O| Elk. f.. Herald-
C4D Location 113 Vergean.
... Bonltarr 110: ... Ada Fox 104
Ch. f.. Primrc-ee- Ch. t.. El Rio
Uonlt*. Rey-Oleta.
Second race— Five furlongs; three-year-oWs
and up; selling.
C19 Cyraon* 103(C3S Antler 91
tM Ued Cherry .... Ill «21 Gold Baron ....1-K
€34 Ann i'it- 103 1 430 My D«?ar 103
€15 Orion 1C9 : C!4 Mel. Burnham..lO3
Cll Ir-dra 1«, 61» Mainstay 112
431 Maxello 10S; «1? Tourist II )'3
£T4 Lona Marie 107' ;65 Tizona S3
646 Aborigine K,\
—^—
Third race— One mile; three- year-olds and up;
selling.
c;« M?a4a VA, 647 Racivan 104
Zi* Lena 10* 61! Chimura in«
€T1 fctromo 104 ?*<> Rapido ICS
Cl Facade 10*1(607) Grand £achem.l"9
K« M'ror^ V.D\ K-9 Dolore 107
S*» Tom Cromwell.ll2! M Inverarj- II 109
C 23 Tlra4e 107; Ml Oraibee I<>4
... Dixie Land — 10»' <3Z Greyhurst lOC
Fourth race— One mile and an eighth; hurdle:
:S n £omo ,«,«, J.O.C 12 :
«C4I) Credo 139 i «S Monita 147
641 Major 6 125 605 Granger :,.
627 v*™*" x i2_
Fifth race — One mile; three-year-olds and up;
selling.
G7 Bishop Rm^1....104| 4» Rainier 100
(C4S) Harrj- Thoburn.l9l C 37 Catastrophe ...107
tAI Choteau 7s C 32 Red Pirate 101
C 37 The I^dy V, (606) Merry Boy Xl
647 Momentum 1041
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up.
6^ Besutiful 8i11.. .YA: 840 Tekla ?4
K3 Teir.;x> 117.639 Afghan Hi
€10 Redwald K>4 644 Delecta 104
644 Loconomo 104 641 March Seven.... J4
644 Han Augustine. lll 644 Owyhee 101
IB Norford IC4 : fr'>4 Cipriano lf-9
€44 Tom Emith 114 134 Benora Caesar. .lo4
644 Por.go 117
Selections for To-Day.
Fir*t race— uathgar. Scifala, Eonitary.
Seccr.d race— Red Cherry, Orion. Ir.3ra_
Third race — Merops. Ch'mura. Tirade.
Fourth race— Granger, Monlta, Major S.
Fifth race— Catastrophe, The Lady, Red
S?!xth race — Owyh»e, Beautiful Bill, Terapo.
REPORT ON THE
CANAL ROUTES
The beaten-dog stake, which Is the card
at Ingleslde Coursing Park this week, has
been limited to 112 greyhounds, although
half as many again were offered. In or
der to dispose of all this coursing the
sport will commence on Saturday and
Sunday at 10:30 a. m. The draw last night
resulted as follows:
E. M. Kellogg" s lowa Boy vs. H. Lynch" s
Loiterer; G. Lahusen's Firefly vs. R. L. Tay
lor's Mcae: A. Van dea Burgh's American
Eagle vs. P. M. Clarkson's Black Hawk; Coa
rell Bros.' Happy Thought vs. Curtis & Sons
Vulcan; F. C. Mack's Black Pattt vs. A. John
son's Tod fcfloan; T. Fannlng's Royal Cli* vs.
J. Byrnes' Nellie B: H. MuUer's Dexter P vs.
Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer; W. C. Glasson's
Sleigh Bells vs. G. Lahusen's Fireball; J. T*i
bot'3 Biackrock va. T. Cox's Harebraia; J. R.
Smith's Victor Queen vs. G. Buehn's Mono
gram; M. Keliy's Gentle Annie vs. F. Nlchol's
Lear King; R. Doyle's Garrjowea vs. M. Nea-
Jon's Van Knapp; Bartels Bros.' Ben's Babe
vs. J. Perry's Commodore Nash; Jeff Mar
tenet's Ueraal Chief vs. T. Nei-in's Nellie N:
Kelly & Hanley's Baby King va. J. O'Shea's
Golden Rule; P. Reilly's Lady Granite vs.
Bartels Bros.' Border's Best; J. Byrnes' Bat
tleship vs. P. Reilly's Master Mat; G. Bueha's
Aloha vs. H. Lynch's Lottie M; Larkey &
Rock's Van Needa vs. Connell Bros.' Dun-
more; N. C. Whiting's St. Anthony vs. H.
Weber's Montana; F. A. McCombt Miss Sky
rocket vs. J. P. Farley's Patriot; J. Konnlag's
Demp«ey Lass vs. J. Watkias' Merciless: £?.
McCullsugh's Flashirg Lass vs. T. J. M:Hughs
Moss Kcse; J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Torn vs.
J. Dean's Mlalmo; T. Murphy's Tea Rose vs.
F. Rothman's Justice; W. Perry's Campania
vs. P. Reiliys Richmond Queen: Barrels Bro3. p
Ballroom Belle vs. J. H. Perigo's Pretty Girl;
J. I. O'Brien's Statesman vs. C. Browns Van
Xida: T. J- Cronin's Ro9e of Trtflee vs. 11. A.
Peckelman's OM Olorj': Jeff Martenefe Sally
Brass vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's MI3S Pen
man: J. H. Perigo's Lady Davenport vs. J. H.
Perigo's Belie toward: George Pinto's Glad
Hand vs. F. A. McComb's One Sj>ct; J. J.
Edmonds' Go On vs. J. R. Smith's Victor:
Captain Cain's Mlra Monte vs. J. Dean's Gal
lant: T. Smiths Mary Black «. Curtis &
Son's Blackette: D. Tolands Twilight Jr. vs.
iArkey & Rock's Liberty Bell; J. D. Camp
bell's Trailer vs. J. O'Dowdi C'.ifton Lass:
T. J. Cronon's Maid of Bail vs. A. ilasaey's
Anna: J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory vs.
Corker? & Hall's Douglas; J. Dean's Glide va.
A. Ma'ssey's White: T. Fanair.g's Babe Mur
phy vs. J. Dean'a Gladiator; E. M. Kellogg' s
Lady Gilmore vs. W. C. Glasson's Terrona:
Captain Cain's Greenhall vs. C. Grau'a News
boy: J. Dean's Peggy vs. T. F. Logan's Miss
Grizzle: J. Keeaan'e Royal Oak vs. G. Plato's
Mischief; H. A. Deckelman's Bnapshct vs. E.
M. Kellogg's Hummer: J. Seggerson's Can
delarla vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Bell?
Clalr; J. McNeil's Captaia Eyraes vs. liussell,
Allen A Wilson's Julius Caesar; H. Lynch' s
Mystic Maid va. J. Holdea's Scottish Chief: J.
Ferris' Leah vs. F. A. McComb's Little Joker;
J. I. O'Brien's Pasha Queen vs. A. Van <len
Burgh's Naughty Girl: J. Seggersoa's White
Chief vs. A. Johnson's Bald Eagle: J. Watklns'
Merciful vs. Curtis & Bon's Maud S: M. Nea
lon's Athens vs. F. C. Mack's Delia M: J.
Seggerson'* Gold Hill vi. T. J. McHugh*« Maid
of the Mill: Connell Bros.* Good Bys vs. C E.
Wiley's Gaslight.
Senator Morgan Pre
sents the Document.
FAVORS NICARAGUAN WAY
?
RESULT OF INVESTIGATION BY
SENATE COMMITTEE.
•
Statement That the Great Water-
way .Should Yield in Tolls at
Least Twelve Per Cent on
9140,000,000.
>
WASHINGTON", Jan. 13.— Senator KM*
gaa. as chairman of the Senate Commit
tee on InterocearJc Canai3, to-day pre
sented a written report upon tao Nlca.
raeua canal bill. The following extract 3
from the report indlcata Its generai pur
pose:
W» hays reachei a point la th» dlscuas^a of
ths Q-JMtlcn of a ship c&sal throagh the Isth
mus of Darlea irhere th« necessity tOT tli»
car.al ar.3 its advantages f> cm? coastry U na
locger tlebatec! la Ccr-gress cr ass.sas lha peo
ple. With tils V.'eatern cor.naciiia b«rw«ea
ths two great oceans tiers will t» «stai>ll»ie<l
the shortest acd dost direct Ua» or aa.vleaUca
tet-weea th» »eaports of every nation as-i tics*
ol every other nation la tiie wcrii la i*M3lzg
trocx cctan to ocaaa. Th- ah.v ca^al «a«a
a line that is practically straight, arousa v.»
earth asd alone caraJiels cf laur-iia -wt'Jiia
teir.p«rata *-one» whera the «*aa are com
paratively cute: and ara refresiea wtJ ti«
ever-prevailing trade winds.
As a provision for the saval aaS nu.ltary c*
fense or our country, whether Insular cr ccs
tineata:. th!s canal is iaiispensafcle. aii tha
clcser its locatlcn is made to our S^tss cats»a ts»
Guir or Mexico th« moro erflciest wi.: t* tta
protection to cur coasts ca th» A:.;r.:ic ana
l>ari harbor la Hawaii ar.d ta» harbor d
Saa Juan la Puerto Klco ar« the tr-a esJ'.l
tarv defenses oi the car.al agaJast attaoc b7
Eufojeaa or Asiatic powers, and they give a.
more secure protectica to its eastern aad wrst
ern outlets than any fortress, hjweve-r •trens'.
that caa be located at or near Its ccnaectica
wita the »ea-
Measured by the Inccaie of the sue* eanai.
at a corTes^ondlns cc«t. th» Nicaragua cazai
«hci:l'X yield, with equivalent rates oi tolls, a:
least 13 per cent oa Jii9.COO.OOO.
It U too severe a tax upon credulity to asi
the adoption of the precarious water rupp4y at
Panaaa ia preference t:> the two rrani : .'< ¦-
of the Nlcaragtsa route, cne of which Is ICO
miles lor.g by 43 tslles broad and aSords near
ly 73 silles of fresh-water navigation for th«
largest ships, as part cf th» canal ro«t». ar.d
together they sujply rr.ore thaa ten times Qtm
water needed to supply tha canai Una from
Lake Nicaras*J* t^ both oceans. We ow« it
to ourselves and ta the whole world that what
ever canal we shall build aad control ca th«?
Isthmus cf r>arlea ihall be «s opea. free an 1
neutral to all nations v its correspcndir.g
gateway, Om S-j<?z canaL
GREYHOUNDS
IN VARIETY
TO COMPETE
One Hundred and Twelve
Dogs to Start at Ingle
side Park.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JAXUARI 19, 1900.
ALASKA'S NEW
DEPARTMENT MAY
MAKE CHANGES
Columbia Will Proba
bly Be Absorbed.
MAJOR RAY'S GOOD RECORD
CAPTAI2." OWEN ORDERED TO
FORT THOMAS, EY.
•
Three Hundred and Fifty Dead, and
Over a Hundred Prisoners.
Coming Here ca Trans-
Ccr.siderable B?eculatlon la be!r.g ir.- !
iulced in by the cSicer« cf this depart- '
isest £S to the effect d the proposed
frrrr.ation cf a mV.'Aasy departzier.t of the
Aistrfct cf Alaska.. Heretofore it has been
bet a district, ur.der ccmtnar.d of Major
Jia:- cf the Eighth Infantry, but the raise
to the dignity cf a department wt" draw
frcra the Department cf Columbia, ar.d
that «i:: rrctatly be merged irttb the :
I>€partiaer.t cf California. The Depart
noest c£ Cclurabia is at present tinder .
ccsima.nd cf the comn:anding general cf •
Urn Department of California, but it is a '
t -rarate military povernrr.cr.t. Its great- !
t-st importance arises from the fact that ;
it Includes Alaska, ani if that be taken .
tvay from it there is not much left for 1
U but to be made a part of the Depart- : :
ir.'nt cf California, and then the whole
v.'.:\ probably be known by come name ,
sjj. f tstir.g' t. ccast command, with head- '
Major Ray, who is now in command in ¦
Alaska, is an cScer of long experience j
abeve the Arctic circle. He was in ccm- I
rr.and cf teveral of the early exploring
expeditions, tr.d when the time came to
make a military district of the territory
cf Alaska he was selected to take charge :
cf the organization. He is in ccrcmai-.d of
the district sow, ar.d it was a matter of
rarprUe to thc=e who know of his work
up there* that be was not given the com- :
rr.ar-d cf the department. Color.el Ran
dall of the E:srh:h Infantry has b*?n as
tigned to the place, and it is probable he
w:.l be given the rank of a brigadier of
volunteers in order that he may have a
rank suitable to the command. There '
was r,o obstacle In the way of making '
Major Ray a brigadier of volunteers, horc • :
€ver. and his serx-ice in the North is I
considered trnple justification for such an
appointment.
Lfeeteuu* Co'.onel Richard I. Zskridge '
cf the Twenty-third Infantry will report ;
for duty at the Presidio, which m*ans ;
that he will take command, relieving Ma- i
2or Cowlts of the Seventeenth Infantry, i
who took Colontl Freeman's place. Col
onel Eskridpe is a soldier of wide and 1
varied experience. He has a record earrtd '
In two wars, and he is known as a thor- !
ough master of his profession ar.d a man •
cf unusual executive ability
Captain \\\ O. Owen, assistant surfooa. !
C. S A., has been relieved from duty in S
this department and has be*-n orderM *o '
proceed to Fort Thomas. Kentucky. Caa
tain Owen hag been sanitary inspector of
the transport service of this coast and
the small number of sick re-ported en i
tioara tm- Govemmf-r.t vessels i« a tribute ¦
to his «-tsrtency. Fort Thomas, the p.o?t '
to which be has b«-*-n assigned i« Ihe !
place where the smallpox that developed
fet the I'r<sid!o originated. Both regiments !
that rr-ndesvoused there, the Thlrty-flr^t
and the Forty -eighth, carried it over 10'
tne Presidio, where it developed sufficient-;
ly to warrant the quarantining of tiie
commands. One of Captain Owens* duties
w.!l b* to guard against a repetition of
Uroee experience*.
The arrangfrments for the reception of
the body of General Lawton. which will I
errive hers- toward the end of this month
will- not be elaborate. Everything vat
military courtesy demands will b<? dore
end U^noral Shafter and his aid. Colnnei
\\il?on. v.ill accompany the body East,
where It will be interred.
Thfre are now on th* wav her«? from
Manila the Y^iicf of 250 d»a«i. which will
l*e sent to the Presidio to await either
burial there or shipment East. Colonel
Lcr.g has notified the health authorities
Th^re ere, also on the way over one hun
dred prisoner*, who are bound for th*>
military prisons of this country.
Colonel G Vannovsky of the general
staff of the Russian army visited the P-e
eidio yesterday under the escort of Major
Or«*ne. chief signal officer of the deport
ment. He Examined the fortifications as
well as the post.
Mrs. Wydett, mother-in-law of Colonel
Girard of the general hospital, met wltn
a painful accident last Wednesday. She
fell and broke her arm so badly that It
¦was found r.ec*>6.«ary to send her to one
of the local hospitals for treatment
Captain James M. Miller, who had com
mand of the U. S. S. Merrtmac. which
took such a prominent part Ui th» opera
tions of the war with Spain at Santiago
&r.d '.ate of the V. S. S. Badger during
her cruise to Samoa with the High Joint
Commissioners, is now about to "start on
a cruise around the world in command of
the V. c. S. Seindia.
The Sc'.ndia is the largest collier that
ever left Mare Island, tshe came here
with the lowa on her trip from New York
ar.d hes since been thoroughly overhauled
and fitted out at the navy yard for ihe
voyage. £he carries a large cargo of coal
stores and provisions for th* fleet at
Manila, and besides her complement of
100 men, transports over a hundred ap
prentices end a number cf men for the
different ships on the Asiatic station C^e
Sclndia will leave this port to-morrow
and touch at Guam. Manila. Hongkone
Colombo. Port Eald and Gibraltar The
officers on board are:
Coir.marvJer Jamn M. Miller, Lieutenant
Corrmander 'vCniiarn Ki;i>urii, Assistant Pav
rr.aeter D. M. A<!<!!!<=n, Asr'.rtant Purreon J
P. Taylor. Par C!«rk A. Chaplin*. O:flc*T« for
Guam— L«»utenar.t jGhn C. Leonard As^J'tant
Purpeon W. L. Bell. AsflFtar.t I'ayraarter P
V. I>e!ano, Pay Clerk W. D. Bollard. Offlceni
for MenJla— L:cut»r*ant John C. Leonard Lieu
tenant De TVT-t C. I>Cgr*v«. Lieutenant F J
fcht-n. nneifn A. V,'. PreES*y. Naval CadM
H. C. Ka!bfu» Navsi Ca^et Jamee H. Tomb,
tiMXUi Ca<Set Chaur.c«y EhackforiJ, Boatswain
C Cror.e. Cfcrper.ter O. C. Jones. Warn. Ma
rhir.lrt L. L. 'Wartinac, Waxr.. Mach!nJ«t J. J.
Ilomr..
Complexion
Cream
Is your face chapped r
Hands cracked and rough r
Skin dry and sore r Surely
no reason for it when we
have so many good com-
plexion creams so reasonably
priced. Just look at this
ih.T Owl* s Cold Cr*crn is
especially useful in cases oi
sunburn, ran, chapped hand 3
and face. 25c
Anita Cream — a Los Ange'es
produc:. The manufacturers
claim i: will "coax a nzvr
skin." Regular price i 3 50c. 40c
Ku:z Freckle Salve — For
freckles, tan and sunburn.
The price is cjuallv 50 cents. 40c
Lola Montez Creara — Mrs,
Netse Harrison's skin food. 65c
Malvina Cream — This cream
ij fold in xncs: stores fcr 50
cents. Here's a saving. 35c
Free delrrtry to raHrotd points wf'.S'a
too aUes oa order* ef $3 or up.
Mll2B MARKET ST.
«»n rn«NC!sca
10th and BROADWAY.qmum
Ak VITAUS
oJ* Vy/^i\ THE NEW
VITALIS 2CthD * 7 *w '» DCIiCnV
¦ FMLT-*. ltqulcklr*mr*lyr«rnoTwserToujn«>». Low* Zr<
Dmm«,WistiCz I-. -*,<-< * >Il ,•«.», »f w if.»buM> or rxrv»n A
(attentions. R«t«r« U« Vit»lity. Pow,r t hilm, Mrmorr
JZil £ %?' It I£ U 'no Uiln - Cja «• "^^ «¦ *•*«
ixxktt. By ra».. ?«-»<> :- p»ck»«, or six f?r «...»» w 1H .
j-ii-c!t' t. « or« *r Rrfami Ik* Saavr. Clr-alir r-.. ••'..-,
A 1.1 . M l/1 Cl RE CO., 88-4 Dcartora !*U. Chirac*
Sold ta Saa tnaaxa mi Oiilini bj :.-. , Owl Dra^ C«.
REYNOLD'S
Si*jr v confined by
Goutcr Rheumatism. If on the first approach
cf tbefcaroxysra they have recourse to this rem-
edy : then, a sinplc dore is often .mifli'lent.
jc voiutra * co.. so.ao.\.\Y;niamst..v I*.1 * .
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
F o^./" 1^. ,c, c F un OF coNoraiHOEA.
ni-u^l As ss * rlctures , «"d Rsaicgous coal
putnts of the Organs cf Oeiwration
Price n a bottle. Fcr tule by druggists.
Wriilt's Man Veptafe Us
A I Ji?~£ KNO^ LE P GI:D BY THOUSANDci
or persons who have used them tor forty
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, IJOO. b7 H. H. Ecbert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Thursday, January 18, 1900— Forty-first day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine.
Track fast.
J. J. BURKE- Presiding Judge. J. F. CALDWELL- Starter. .
fi/if£ FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling: thre«-year-clds; purs«, $400.
Tlne-i,, :23; H. :*3: \. 1:1* H. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. T. G. Ferg-jscn's eh. g.. by Tammany-Beau Catcher.
Llrr.erirk picked up r.o dust. Joe McGee arrived Just as the train pulled out. Burdock
cashed In very early.
Scratched— Chcteau 112, Antler 109, Nance CNeil 137, Tlxona 109.
fi^'T SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse. $410.
Time— »i, :I4; 4. :4?H: »«. 1:14. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. Lar
zelere's br. f.. by irr.p. Brutus-Nabette.
Bagden would have wan in a couple of strides more. Good Hop* was pounds the best.
ar.J with ¦ rid»r up ctmld have won. Alleviate had broken watches in trials; nail this race
of h»rs in the wocd«hed.
Scratched— Ar.tolr.etta 57, Faversham 109, Summer SS.
g^Q THIRD RACE- Six fur!on<ts; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, |«0.
v Tir vT~ 1 i 1 : : 4: v H> :4 L H: e**- •Al 13 \r Fat^ Ft J rt - Won first thre « Olivier. Winner, Earn-
Ehaw- Brothers b. r. by St. Cyr-Mlss Goodrich.
r,-:-k!r.g Wt>n. -The burn came again. Clonsllla ran a nice race. Mountebank didn't.
(349, FOL*rrH RACE— One mile and a quarter; Belmont- stakes; three-year-olds and
•Coupled with Zoroaster.
Tlme-44. -25; %. jSJ; %; I:M; mile, 1:41: l«4m. »:M. Good start. Won all out. Second
and third driving. -Winner, W. Shields 1 b. g.. by imp. Rayon d'Or-Imp. Astoria.
JV-rcaster har.d^d the weight best. Potente did not lack garoeness. Too much treicht
en IlOscrmonde. Forte lacked speed. *
fieratche-i— Bannockburn 125.
650» FIFTH RACE — Flve a halr furlong*: three-ytar-olds and upward; purae. J4OO.
... _ ¦
(551. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlong*: four-year-olds and upward; purse. $«».
Time-^ . :i:4: H. :3y4; \. 1:01; Ti. 1:264. Poor «tart. Won easily. Second and th'rd
driving. Winner. B. Schr»ib«r> br. h.. by Harden Edwards-B*ttl- BlaiVT
A pickup for the winner. Ollnthus away very badly.
4
SPRINTERS
PREPARING
FOR RACING
Track Athletes Already in
Training at University
of California.
BERKELEY, Jan. IS.— The decision of
the Associated Students of the University
Of California to send a track team East
this season lends an added interest to the
preparations now being made to be^in the
spring training.' The athletes are deter
mined to prove themselves worthy suc
cessors to the memorable team of 1595.
and more than one coast record is likely
to suffer during the season's work.
The first try-out will be the freshman
sophomore field day, the first Saturday
in March. The university championship
meet will occur about the middle of
March, to be followed two weeks later by
a dual field day with the team from Po
mona College. The Stanford meeting will
take place on the 21st of April.
A notable change on the track and at
the training quarters will be the absence
of the jovial and familiar presence of Al
Lean, the well known trainer, who is em
ployed elsewhere, yielding his position at
the university to George J. Hufferdine,
the champion swimmer. Mr. Hufferdlne,
when asked to-day about his method of
preparing men to contest in field and
track events, said he had no castiron rule
of training.
"Some men," he said, "must be worked
lightly; they are drawn fine and have
nothing to lose. Others require all the
work you can get out of them, but the
work should not be such as to strain them
in any way. Some athletes think they are
not in condition till they are hard as a
rock, whereas when a man is flt his
muscles should be quite supple."
• The cinder path has been entirely re
modeled and is expected to prove much
faster than before. The training quarters
are now undergoing a thorough renova
tion, ar.d new training equipments will be
added by the time the men are ready for
heavy work.
I tseuine.
ifiex.
Horse.
¦n
elgftt. St. >4ra.
Hm.
»im. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. '
Limerick ...
SISQUOC
Joe McGee..
....ITS' 1
....1»! 5
....ios; 4
....1031 3
....109 1 ...
11l 9
....111! 7
1 1
4 h
t b
5 lj
7 h
3 h
6 4
9
S 3
_
1 % 12 1 2H E. Jones
2 2 2 3 2 1 [E. Ross
3 1 3 1 3 n IBucbanan
6 2 4 2 4 5 Spencer
8 1 7 1 5 2 X. Hill
4H" 6 b (t Morgran
7 1 « 1 7 2 Henry
9 S 8 1 Jenkins
8 h 5 h S Thnrc#
3-2 6-5
20 50
15 40
2 11-5
15 41
6 12
15 40
S 15
7 10
U--J'-a
ABcri^me ..
«5)
Burdock
rs?)
Billy Moore!
ex
?¦>
s
S
$ .
*
1
i
3)
5
4
c. Hon
Jing!«
Suede
Raclv
Mor.tf
Good
Re sal
Ailer.i
i Crenui
Ma a 4
Moroe
Allevi
Miss
Mik-?
it. A|
c Jizig
en. 4..
ran. 4.
allade,
Ibra. G
na. 3..
a. *...
i Fenr
c-ntuni,
iate. 5
Mario
Rlc*.
* Go<x!
re.
,
. a
>. 4.
C...
rs'-
i. 6.
i....
in,
. a.
i.
:r
V
4 i
X
H
i:
v.
I'
'.'.'.'.'.'.'. I
n. 4.. !
V
XI
I U
II
i. 6...V
1
it. ( St.
if<: t
02 UO
13; ?
04 9
81 1*
SS 5
SS !
«lt
.Do' 3
04 12
Ml 7
¦?3'13
Un-
1 14
• i;
10 1
13
11
3 b
Sim.
12
I! 1
10 1
4
13
41
It
Str. Fin. Jockeys.
... 1 h T. WaJsh
2 1 Henry
3 h Vittltoe
4 h fHelnson I
"81 jW. Hennessey
8 I E. Ross
7 H J. Walsh
8 1 Phelan
9 H (J. Martin
...- 10 2 E. Jones
11 (Jenkins
1! IBullman
13 iThorpe
14 !N. Hill
Betting.
Op. CL
19 f
20 15
4 5
10 IS
11 15
ZD 49
15 M
15 13
10 15
$ i
2 13-3
19 10
15 V)
15 39
•u>
'frht
1.
Km.
- Mm.
%ra.
Etr. Fin.
i. I Jockeys.
|Bettln?.
!Op. Cl.
s_
3 a
3 h
4
1H 8 2
31 3 2
4 4
1 Thorp«
f JenXlnp
! J. Martin
iHenry
3 »-2
. 3-5 3-3
S 15
, 6 5
rM.
: Al
Weight
Ist:
«4m
¦ him.
%m. Etr. Fin.
. Jockeyi.
I Betting.
;Op. Cl.
4 ...
b'.'.'.Y:
Je, a
6 ....
orpe.
.6
>S!
r.
I
¦¦7
' 4
! I
: 2
il
s
!_7
5 2
1 1
» l l
2 H
4 H
6 «
i
4 h
1 1
,11
; li
> 6 4
452 1 m
,11,,. 1H 24
,-tl^ 8 2 3 6
.24 42 42
SI 6 3 6 3
617 9 4
76 4 7
iJenklnK
ft, Walsh...
'Sper.eer
ißulz
!j. Martin...
'E. Jonw....
1 Pullman ...
_!.
8-5 9-6
7 S
»-5 9-5
8 15
- •'.'-.•
15 20
6 7
>X.
PC
Ac-
W<Hi?ht.
=:.
. Km. Km. %m. Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. tU a:
R
6
:.'
?-:
r
T
It
a
s<
4:
rr
,0*
.-:
.•;
13]
n
m
T
c.
V
I)
_M
It
Ifi 1
\V
ta.
dine. :
lowtal
rr.ed, :
fada. 1
c— 3-16
, J. F
ncr Is
away
, (
I
Ml
c
a
?ft
c
i*!
1?:
>C!
t
120
&s
1W
101
120
: 6-l«. ::
rhorr's b
preat fet
foot fir:
:
1
4
3
h.
:!e
t.
8 H » H 1 h 14 Jenklna 5 6
.... »H 8 !4 2 na JVittitae 2 i
... 12 11 3 1 3 8 !E. Ross 1-2 9-20
••• ' 5 Jh 4 2 4 4 IT. Walsh 30 100
1 h . 8 1 6 S ! Henry 100 500
: 7-16. :42: IV. l:0SH- Fair start. Won first three drlvine
:.. by imp. Karftaka-Xellie EUnW. -¦ -
at present. Vittittx* on Sardine "scrambled the es-ra." Tel-
Mafada had sped, but was outclassed.
iorse.
nnock
sthu.«,
n Yen
.tie G
¦cmo,
rr«r.e.
Age.
iburn.
=. 4 ..
Hbbon
4 ....
, 4 ...
i
5 ..1!2 4
W] 6
5 112 5
t. 4. ..104 3
99 1
Mm.
2 6
S 1
\f
3 3
_%
Mm- %m. Btr. rin.
T« il Ti TT~
31 S4 2* 22
4 4 4 t 8 h 14
12 21 44 45
stt Bh 61 5n
«666
JocXeys.
Bullman
T. Walsh
Jenklr.s .......
Henry
[Fauntleroy ...
¦Helnson
4 Betting.
¦Op. Cl.
. 1-4 3-10
4 7-2
. 7 II
, 30 250
. 60 250
. ICO 30)
I tseuine.
ifiex.
Horse.
¦n
elgftt. St. >4ra.
Hm.
»im. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. '
Limerick ...
SISQUOC
Joe McGee..
....ITS' 1
....1»! 5
....ios; 4
....1031 3
....109 1 ...
11l 9
....111! 7
1 1
4 h
t b
5 lj
7 h
3 h
6 4
9
S 3
_
1 % 12 1 2H E. Jones
2 2 2 3 2 1 [E. Ross
3 1 3 1 3 n IBucbanan
6 2 4 2 4 5 Spencer
8 1 7 1 5 2 X. Hill
4H" 6 b (t Morgran
7 1 « 1 7 2 Henry
9 S 8 1 Jenkins
8 h 5 h S Thnrc#
3-2 6-5
20 50
15 40
2 11-5
15 41
6 12
15 40
S 15
7 10
U--J'-a
ABcri^me ..
«5)
Burdock
rs?)
Billy Moore!
ex
?¦>
s
S
$ .
*
1
i
3)
5
4
c. Hon
Jing!«
Suede
Raclv
Mor.tf
Good
Re sal
Ailer.i
i Crenui
Ma a 4
Moroe
Allevi
Miss
Mik-?
it. A|
c Jizig
en. 4..
ran. 4.
allade,
Ibra. G
na. 3..
a. *...
i Fenr
c-ntuni,
iate. 5
Mario
Rlc*.
* Go<x!
re.
,
. a
>. 4.
C...
rs'-
i. 6.
i....
in,
. a.
i.
:r
V
4 i
X
H
i:
v.
I'
'.'.'.'.'.'.'. I
n. 4.. !
V
XI
I U
II
i. 6...V
1
it. ( St.
if<: t
02 UO
13; ?
04 9
81 1*
SS 5
SS !
«lt
.Do' 3
04 12
Ml 7
¦?3'13
Un-
1 14
• i;
10 1
13
11
3 b
Sim.
12
I! 1
10 1
4
13
41
It
Str. Fin. Jockeys.
... 1 h T. WaJsh
2 1 Henry
3 h Vittltoe
4 h fHelnson I
"81 jW. Hennessey
8 I E. Ross
7 H J. Walsh
8 1 Phelan
9 H (J. Martin
...- 10 2 E. Jones
11 (Jenkins
1! IBullman
13 iThorpe
14 !N. Hill
Betting.
Op. CL
19 f
20 15
4 5
10 IS
11 15
ZD 49
15 M
15 13
10 15
$ i
2 13-3
19 10
15 V)
15 39
•u>
'frht
1.
Km.
- Mm.
%ra.
Etr. Fin.
i. I Jockeys.
|Bettln?.
!Op. Cl.
s_
3 a
3 h
4
1H 8 2
31 3 2
4 4
1 Thorp«
f JenXlnp
! J. Martin
iHenry
3 »-2
. 3-5 3-3
S 15
, 6 5
rM.
: Al
Weight
Ist:
«4m
¦ him.
%m. Etr. Fin.
. Jockeyi.
I Betting.
;Op. Cl.
4 ...
b'.'.'.Y:
Je, a
6 ....
orpe.
.6
>S!
r.
I
¦¦7
' 4
! I
: 2
il
s
!_7
5 2
1 1
» l l
2 H
4 H
6 «
i
4 h
1 1
,11
; li
> 6 4
452 1 m
,11,,. 1H 24
,-tl^ 8 2 3 6
.24 42 42
SI 6 3 6 3
617 9 4
76 4 7
iJenklnK
ft, Walsh...
'Sper.eer
ißulz
!j. Martin...
'E. Jonw....
1 Pullman ...
_!.
8-5 9-6
7 S
»-5 9-5
8 15
- •'.'-.•
15 20
6 7
>X.
PC
Ac-
W<Hi?ht.
=:.
. Km. Km. %m. Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. tU a:
R
6
:.'
?-:
r
T
It
a
s<
4:
rr
,0*
.-:
.•;
13]
n
m
T
c.
V
I)
_M
It
Ifi 1
\V
ta.
dine. :
lowtal
rr.ed, :
fada. 1
c— 3-16
, J. F
ncr Is
away
, (
I
Ml
c
a
?ft
c
i*!
1?:
>C!
t
120
&s
1W
101
120
: 6-l«. ::
rhorr's b
preat fet
foot fir:
:
1
4
3
h.
:!e
t.
8 H » H 1 h 14 Jenklna 5 6
.... »H 8 !4 2 na JVittitae 2 i
... 12 11 3 1 3 8 !E. Ross 1-2 9-20
••• ' 5 Jh 4 2 4 4 IT. Walsh 30 100
1 h . 8 1 6 S ! Henry 100 500
: 7-16. :42: IV. l:0SH- Fair start. Won first three drlvine
:.. by imp. Karftaka-Xellie EUnW. -¦ -
at present. Vittittx* on Sardine "scrambled the es-ra." Tel-
Mafada had sped, but was outclassed.
iorse.
nnock
sthu.«,
n Yen
.tie G
¦cmo,
rr«r.e.
Age.
iburn.
=. 4 ..
Hbbon
4 ....
, 4 ...
i
5 ..1!2 4
W] 6
5 112 5
t. 4. ..104 3
99 1
Mm.
2 6
S 1
\f
3 3
_%
Mm- %m. Btr. rin.
T« il Ti TT~
31 S4 2* 22
4 4 4 t 8 h 14
12 21 44 45
stt Bh 61 5n
«666
JocXeys.
Bullman
T. Walsh
Jenklr.s .......
Henry
[Fauntleroy ...
¦Helnson
4 Betting.
¦Op. Cl.
. 1-4 3-10
4 7-2
. 7 II
, 30 250
. 60 250
. ICO 30)Stabbed by a Drunken Man.
John Iverson was brought to the Har
bor Receiving. Hospital last night suffer
ing from a. wound In the abdomen. Iver
son claims that he was stabbed by Wil
liam Jacobson. a drunken man, on Berry
street, near Third, for refusing to drink
with him. Jackson escaped.
F. HAPPERSBERGER DIVORCED.
Secures a Decree on the Ground of
Cruelty-
Frank Happersberger, the sculptor, was
granted a divorce from his wife. Evange
line Happersberger, by Judge Bahrs late
Wednesday afternoon. The decree was
granted Mr. Happersberger on his cross
complaint, ln which he charged his wife
with cruelty. The custody of a minor
child was Riven to h:s father. Decrees
of divorce have also been granted Wil
liam J. Steele from Jennie Steele on the
grond of Infidelity; Minnie Berger from
(Jabrlel A. Berger on the ground of
cruelty, and Anita Lutza from Joseph
Lutza on the ground of cruelty. Suits
for divorce have been filed by alary Car
ney from Frank Carney for cruelty and
Edith Hodges from Walter Hodges for
desertion.
SIGNING VOUCHERS FOR
CIVIL SERVICE APPLICANTS
SECRETARY SAYS REQUIRE
MENTS AR^ NOT OBSERVED.
Chief Civil Service Examiner Moran. ln
discussing the applications for positions
under the classified service called atten
tion yesterday to an important require
ment in regard to citizens who sign
vouchers testifying to the character and
ability of the applicant for preferment in
the civil service. The point is an impor
tant one in this, that unless the regula
tions concerning the proper signing of the
vouchers are strictly complied with it
may Jeopardize the position of the appli
cant.
Secretary Moran is of the 'opinion that
the requirements in the signing of the
three vouchers, which are printed on the
last page of the application blank, are
not being strictly adhered to. These
vouchers are to be signed by citizens who
have known the applicant at least one
year previous to the date of signing and
the signer Is supposed to have a general
idea of the qualifications and good habits
of the applicant. The vouchers are sworn
to before a notary public or some duly
qualified officer. ¦*
"In many cases," says Mr. Moran "the
vouchers are signed by individuals whS
never met the applicant until they were
introduced by some mutual friend. Acain
prominent men have been induced to sleii
the vouchers on cllght acquaintance only
Th. applicant thinks if he has the names
of three well known citizens that the
weight of their good names will make the
securing of positions all the easier Noth
ing is further from the truth. It micht
militate against an appointee if the men
who vouched for him on mere hearsay or
slight information were called upon by the
commission to substantiate their recom
mendations contained in the vouchers I
would suggest that extreme care be used
inaugurated what may be described as sys
tematic advertising. His firm started out
with the fixed idea that advertising pays,
whether local or national, provided the re
quirements and policy of each individual adver
tiser are carefully studied, and proper caro
exercised in the selection of mediums . Its pol
icy was to convince not only the occasional
advertiser, but the non-advertiser as well, of
this fact. In this crnsade of education, it suc
ceeded beyond expectation, and although somo
of the theories and arguments favoring heavy
expenditure in advertising were regarded at
first as wild and unreasonable, its present
stauncnest adherents include many of its
earliest and most severe critics.
The close of the century is marked by tho
keenest competition in every line of business,
and failure to Judiciously advertise involves
being passed by more enterprising competitors.
Every year Nelson Chesman & Co. are con
sulted by firms which have either never adver
tised at all, or which have only advertised
spasmodically, and hence in a large measure
unsuccessfully. They are exceptionally suc
cessful in advising not only how and whero
to advertise, but what lines should bo mad*
specialties of.
Hard work for their customer's success is a
pleasure to them and while they may register
an occasional failure owing to conditions be
yond their full control they have been f ortnuate
in giving advice to their patrons and holding
and increasing their business from year to year.
They believe there is no necessity for re-
sorting t o
don btf v I
experiments
on a largo
scale. It
there is any
donbt, go
slow, is
their advice
to custom
ers. Provo
roar ground
first and
then pro
ceed with
the greatest
caution is
a cardinal
CONRAD BUDKE,
VICE PRES. & TREAS.
principlo
with them.
More than sixty experienced persons, exclu
sive of eight or len printers who set up adver
tisements and other matter on the premises,
are on the permanent staff of Nelson Chesman
A: Co., as compared with three or four in tho
firm's early days. To keep pace with this phe
nomenal growth the floor space of the head
office alone has been increased from 600 to more
than 7,000 square feet. More than $25,000 was
•pent for the building and for romodeling it for
their offices at St. Louis. They are one of two
of the agencies that own outright and occupy
their own building. The head office to-day is
one of the best equipped in the country, and
both branch offices are complete in every detail.
In 1878 Mr. Rowell retired from tho firm
which then became known as Nelson Chesman
& Co. For ten years it continued to extend
the scope of its operations. In February 1888,
it was incorporated under the same name, and
a branch was opened in New York City. Thres
y«.ars later the Chicago branch was added. A
few months ago the New York office was dis
posed of, and a branch started in Pittsburgh,
Pa. All of tho offices have been phcuomenallj
«uccegBfol.
The officers of Nelson Chesman & Co. are all
well known in the newspaper world, as well as
among prominent' advertisers. The founder,
Mr. Nelson Chesman, has always been the
gniding spirit of the bouse during its long and
uninterrupted career, and is still its President.
The Vice-president and Treasurer of the com
pany is Mr. Conrad Budre. He secured a posi
tion with tho firm in 1877, and when it was
incorporated was elected Secretary and Treas
urer and placed in charge of the St. Louis
cilice as general manager. On September Ist
of this year Mr. Budke was elected Vice-
President and Treasurer. His lengthy con
nection with the advertising agency business,
as well as the excellent opportunities afforded
him of studying Mr. Chesman's honorable and
highly successful methods hare made him an
exceptionally valuable man to advertisers and
publishers, and his advice and Judgment are
ln constant request. Mr. Budke was succeeded
in the Secretaryship of the Company by Mr.
Richard Pendergast, another graduate in tho
advertising business who has teen directly
connected with the company since the year
1881. These three gentlemen constitute the
board of directors of the Company.
REPLANTING THE
DENUDED HILLS
Forest Rangers Begin
Work in the South.
Special r>lri>a.tch to The Call.
PASADENA, Jan. IS.— The much talked
of scheme for reforesting the mountains
has actually been started. Forest Ranger
Lewis Newcomb and assistants started
out yesterday with seeds of trees which
are now being planted. Ex-Mayor Theo
dore P. Lukens, ex-Mayor Calvin Hart
well and W. G. KerkofT of the Kerkoff-
Cuzner Lumber Company accompanied
Neweomb to direct the work which the
ranger will undertake. They went into
Millard Canyon, a few* miles north of the
city ln the Sierra Madre Mountains, and
they will be gone a week, during which
time they win clear a large area of the
burned over districts which were denuded
a year or two ago. When the party re
turns Newcomb will continue the work
with his assistants. The tree planted will
be I'inus tuberculata, which is practically
fire-proof when growing thick.
Mr. Luktne, wno is a nurseryman of
many years" experience, has been experi
menting with the new tree lor some time.
He built a cabin near Bear Valley and
gathered the seeds, planted, nurtured and
studied them. He brought this .to the
attention of the Forestry Reserve Com
missioners, together with a history of its
rapid growth and other qualifications and
it has been adopted for trial. An amount
of money sufficient to plant a consider
able arf-a has been secured.
In planting the trees there will be no
effort to have uniform rows. It is thought
that the b*et result* may be secured by
planting; the trees as they would ordi
narily grow. The seed will be thrust into
tho gTound and a stone placed at the
Funny fide of it to protect it from the
heat when the sprout is young and ten
der. The seed Is the same as that which
Mr. Lukens planted about his experi
mental station ln Bear Valley, where it
Is native and abundant. The seed which
Mr. Lukens planted a year ago ln that
neighborhood now make a fine showing.
He thinks that within a few years the
trees will cover the mountain side. It is
the hope of the mountaineers that when
the Government authorities see this rapid
growth they will be wise and plant all
the wat»»rehed denuded during the past
few years by the tierce forest fires. In
three years the tree will make progress
enough to be of value to the water sup
ply, says Mr. Lukens. because it will be
tall enough ln that time to hold the
ureamlets that otherwise flow away and
are lost Instead of sinking Into the
ground.
r.Sght a friend told her that Nealon.
who was also there, was showing a
pod watch to some laxly friends and
it resembled the missing timepiece.
Dora went to Nealon and. peeping
over his shoulder, said "That's my
watch," and made a grab for It. Nea
lon was ungailant enough to reply
"You're a liar." ar.d shoved the watch
into h'.s pocket. He left the hall and
Dcra followed him, and when she met
Policeman Noltlcg she told him the
Ftory, and N>a!on was arrested on a
charge of grand larceny. The case
was called ln Judge Conlan's court
yesterday and continued.
Kittie Alien, now Mrs. Gustave Bel
eel, related to Judge Mogan yester
day how she and her sister. Mrs.
Elizabeth Mark, had a f.ght on Ken
tucky street last Monday. "She was
Jealous of me." paid Kittie. "because
I wanted to marry Gus, and when she
raet me with my other sister, Mrs.
Berger. she kicked me and tore off my
hat. Then I let her have it."
man; 'deed he Is." The case was tak
ing too long for her, and she con
vulsed the court by shouting, "My
Gawd, Jedge, hurry up; I've got to go
and cook dinner for some white folks."
Mrs. Freeman nursed Mrs. Richmond
and wanted $2 50 fees, and when it was
refused she carried away with her the
articles ln question. "I made poultices
for that woman," she said, "and
washed her like a baby, and now she
won't pay me."
Mrs. Richmond denied that she owed
her anything, and they had It out In
court. Mrs. Minor joining in. There
was a. perfect babel of voices for a
few minutes, and the Judge tore his
hair ln despair, as he could not get
them to stop. The lawyers and two
policemen took a hand in the quelling
of the disturbance, and finally the
Judge, when there was a pause,
awarded the articles to Mrs. Rich
mond and $1 to Mrs. Freeman for
her services, and hurried from the
bench.
"What do you mean by that?" ask
ed the Judge.
"Well," said Kittie, "I hit her on
the eye and tore her hair. Yes, I was
married to Gus last Tuesday in Oak
laud. I want five months of being 18."
Mrs. Mack testified that Kittle
struck her first. She did not want
her to marry Beisel, as she was too
young. Kittie had been living with
her for some months. Mrs. Berger
was called, but she could not say who
etruck the first blow. She went with
Mrs. Mack to remonstrate with Kit
tie, who would have her own way, and
one word "borrowed" another until
they got to fighting and were ar
rested for disturbing the peace. As
both consented not to renew hostili
ties the Judge dismissed the cases,
and Kittie, with a smile on her face,
left the courtroom with her young hus
band.
There was an indescribable scene in
Judge Cabaniss' court for a few min
utes yesterday during the hearing of
THE EMPORIUM. l THE EMPORIXntt.
J Madame ' ' Beautiful j
\i Sopr"ano, ii!^ "vkd Dress £
» will sine the recita- SA* m Cx>ldU-nltule Bazaar, *4 Fabrics -5
5 i!l e i?2vlata a sitSr^ CAUroR ' NU ' s LA«°EST-A.nERiCAS CRamkst STOBB, for gprinj now on $
t£ day night. exhibition and sale. ,<V
•jT n» * it
I // *sp£c/al Sales — >/^^
I ============ I
£ The Semi-Annual Embroidery Sale Continues- Hemeraber ' x
•X that these are new and beautiful good 3, juat received from Switzerland— Cambric,, ft?
*£ Swiss and Nainsook Embroideries - all widths, insertion to match - marked at *£
j> special prices ranging from 5c to $2,00 per yard j^
«f The Great Silk Sale Con tinucs- Changeable and Plain Colored Taf- X
£ fetas that were 50c, 60c and 65c are selling for 390. Plain Colored and Striped X
J Taffetas that were $1.10 and $1.25 per yard now QGCm Ghecked and Striped ft
*>* Swiss Taffetas that range in price from 85c to $1.10, now for 63 C *>'
£ The Special Sale of Men's Neckwear Continued- -Tecks. *
aT Four-in-Hands, Puffs and Club Ties, the all-silk 35c to 50c grades, are n0w.. 25s •£
j£ Carpet Remnants, One-Quarter Off— Handsome Patterns of £
»/ Tapestries, Wilton Velvets and Axmiosters, in pieces ranging from 15 to 50 yards tf
If each, at 25 per cent leas than regular prices. Bring measurements of your room £
J> . if convenient. JS
$ _ 5
$ Friday and Saturday Only, / J
* Tailor Dresses I
I Half Price. %
% Positively lor WW^TV i
g Two Days Only. ms-f)3 MM |
& Our entire stock of Ladies' Tailo- ~m\Aj A>V*v^ 5
$ ' Made Dresses at one-half orig- jM Mm A S
£ inal prices. Owing to the ex- A}\J/\ \\ 1 g
% tremely low price, all alterations \< <\
X exim - U? k $
£ All $15.00 Dresses to-day and to-morrow $7.50 •A\ *fM '*
2* All $20 00 Dresses to-day and to-morrow $IO*QO /^VA^r^ \f
fc* All $30.00 Dresses to-day and to-morrow $15.0Q 4J*Vvr Sr '5
£ All $35.00 Dresses to-day and to-morrow 517.50 "5
$ All $40.'. 0 Dresses to-day and to-morrow $20*00 \g
ft? AH $60.00 Dresses to-day and to-morrow $3OmOO X
g : $
J Friday and Saturday Only Friday Only J
S One-Quarter Off Special Sale of g
i Men's 51. 35 Hats. Cottage Curtains, £
j£ To get you better acquainted with our ; 100 pairs only, very pretty Cottage Cur- V
ft? model Hat Department, for the two days j tains, made of plain Swiss with ruSed )|
tf only we make a . edges, length 3 yards, just the thing {J
jfc. /'.j^-T n. special reduction for bedrooms, on sale for this day only, jg
ft? v , °* 25 cent on per pair G3O 1*
ft? our entire line «J
g «pL ,-J^Lof Men's $1.35 jj
£ Derb y and Fedora Fndav Only .«
| *^ Sf- ,lZ.r. Special Sale of |
a,- shapes, the Fedoras in brown, cedar, no- ChHtlrCn*S ShOGSm '•
6? tria and contrasts, the Stiff Hats in -J
h blacks and browns ; for Friday and Sat- i Children s Dongola L.id But- v£
& urday, instead cf $1.35 $l.ij2 to ? Shoes, cloth tcps, f~3r-) g
fl pointed toes, patent leath- I J I •
£ Friday and Saturday e f "p* s P« B g J eels « 2I J Ij/ [ 5
ft -BO# M SlZe9 ' rOm ** t0 ' a go °" J 1 V \ •*
i? Special Sale Of serviceable shoe, sold reg- /* \ -**
| Men's Trousers. llU'l^l y«^ J
* Beginning this morning dal sale to-day jG*^^^ *
£ at 8 o'clock and until fZ?S Friday) omy.. rfgg* *r
j£ closing time Saturday /*• *£/ 89c jf
ft.* night we offer as a Itt^ ~~ ~~ ~~~~ ~~~ X
*£ special inducement to Friday and Saturday I*
S tfSZSSZSti W&ty Special Sale of |
S' ¦ffi?'»B*'3 (Mmf \Groceries-Liquors. »
a? $6.C0 Trousers at y>p~tfe-Ci Good Cream Oats, 10 lbs for 25c •*•
tf one* quarter [ 'l ;j < j Select Oysters, 2-lb tins, special at.. 13c jj
jjC off* They are '{I l>| •'.'/ Sago or Tapioca, 6 lbs for Hso I*
tf made of neat, stylish U, vj / Japan Tea, uncolored, good quality, per lb •*
ft? worsteds, in the new- SiS : I' jj ' 350 jj
J, est stripes, and we [,'. '!| / (Port Wine, full quart bottles, on Friday - "js
J* have them in all 'Is,:, '| and Saturday 5 bottles for $1.00
ft? sizes up to 40 waist ; ";'>' Ij | ; Zinfandel or Sauterne, our 75c per gallon jj
X instead of $5.00 and ml'(, // grades choice old wines, special for Fri- JtX
J* $6.00 Friday and Sat- ft: I i '// day and Saturday, per ga110n......530 J*
I : KM , 'Mff !^^> X
I $4 so. Special Sale of jj
| — Clothes Wringers. $
x Friday and Saturday A Btanda rd family «-> ?
| Special Sale of %££«*s-!%. fe^ S
ft? BoyS 9 SultSm Jsned maple wood jjj jj
I For the two days only, if the quantity JjJ»*. .s£*& fe g~~^ $
i lasts, we offer 65 all-wool Long Pants B %lt work <? fe* ~H $
»? Su.ts for boys Wto 19 years of age, d J mi * ith two TVi 1 $
* our. regular 6.50 and $.50 grades, e _ tra IQ . inch L^W» Wgj] Jt
», well made in the latest styles and per- bb roller" a re~- -^*" X
| feet fitting four different patterns and X $2^o Sngerfon special Bale to-day 5
ft? colors to select from— each .-§4- .95 1 on j7j 7 31.58 3*
£ Friday Only $
I JSSSKE. *™~ f
ff-w. t*. a tot. 160 Oep'i Specials. : |
£ only, of half ?al- <s^ s^Nr-^Q^^TN White Pearl Bvttons-150 5
?» lon Crystal Glass U^jSSsS^fW g 1 " 033 °* P ll ™ w hite Pearl Buttons. $
U» Water Pitchers, ..mTiTiuTrl 1 1 size 3 from 16 to 2^ line ' re S ularl y IQ c <*
ft? shape as in illus- Ij'AjiUr ?!}/» I // P er dozen, on special sale for thi3 day *!
5» tration, a good W\\h| Ul''jjy onl 7 So X
i? imitation of cut wA : , j///jj#f Children's Hoso Support' .J
ft? glass, that sell \rt\y. \n?[ . crs—2s'i paire only of Misses' and "J
j£ regularly for 3pc Aolly Children's Side Garters, Warner's Pat- *m
ft^ each, on special » jtffljy ent catch, and a good lisle elastic, on w*
ft? sale to-day 'Fri- special sale for this day only, 2 pairs 'J
JC day 0n1y.../5o for. 5o ,n
Child Study Club Discussion. expected that some very interesting: pa-
The San Francisco Child Study Club will gg™ cl2" thrall wfo'are Inferred* Sj
hold its weekly meeting at the Occidental the study of the ways of the little ones
Hotel at 2 o'clock this afternoon. The will attend,
subject will be based on the hopes and * m *
fears of children and on the sympathy All the world's a stage— and a lot of
existing between parent and child. It la actors thereon are merely stage horses.
t Were Effected Last Year by My if >s»\^3^«w t
I DR. SANDEN JliJiL I
[electric belts. 4Ml j
f They never fail to cure the worst cases of Rheumati>m, t
4 Lumbago, Sciatica, Kidney Complaints, Lame Back, Seminal *
f Weakness, Shrunken Organs, Varicocele.-etc. t
J It is nature's own remedy — ELECTRICITY. It builds up t
that which is broken down, and restores that which is lost. '£
I Send for my little book, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," t
1 which explains all, or call at mv office and examine the Belts, i
| Consultation and advice free. Office hours, 9to 6 ; Sundays, T
? 10 to 1. T
IHR WIM A QANinPN 6 OTARRELL STREET, t
I LJl\m !;• ,r\. •Dt-\iyLJEmiy , San Franoiwo, OaL; I
? 119k so. sprtiz St., Los notes, Z&> Eisssl biimul Psrtlaia. or. J
Fire at Riverside.
RIVERSIDE, Jan.". 18.— Fire destroyed
a house and its contents belonging to J.
R. Johnston at West Riverside last night.
The fire was undoubtedly the work of an
Incendiary, as coal oil was found all over
the woodwork. The house cost $6000. The
loss is estimated at $$000; Insurance $6000.
Richard Penoerqast
secretary.
Arthur a. Willson,
Man. at Chicago.
The' Chicago office Is under the able manage*
merit of Mr. Arthur A. Willson, also a stock
holder in the company, who has held the posi
tion since 1893, and has been largely instru
mental in extending the sphere of its opera
tion* in the West, North-west and North.
PERHACS' DEATH WAS
DUE TO NATURAL CAUSES
The dead body cf Julius A. Perhacs, a
waiter ct the San Francisco Club, was
found on a on Eddy street, near
Hyde, at about 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing by W. N. Manning of 513 Eddy street
and R. D. Hickey of 719 Larkin street.
Th^y found that the pockets of the dead
man had been turned inside out. A gold
•watch and chain, a gold badge and a dia
mond stud, whJch he always wore, were
missing. The body was removed to the
Morgue and a careful inFpection of the
corps-e failed to show any marks of vio
lence. The widow of the deceased, who
resides at 222 Hyde street, says that
Perhacs had the jewelry on his person
when she saw him last Wednesday.
Friends of the dead man say that he left
the club on Wednesday night under the
influence of liquor, but able to take care
PRESIDENT LATON RE-ELECTED
Underwriters' Fire Patrol Meets in
Regular Annual Session.
The annual meeting of the Underwrit
1 ers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco was
held yesterday afternoon. Reports of the
various officers were read and accepted,
and then the following members were
elected to serve as directors for the en
suing year:
Charles A. Laton, John Scott Wilson,
Rudolph Herold Jr., William MacdonaJd.
L. L. Bromwell, George W. Spencer and
V. C. Driflield.
The newly elected directors subse
quently elected the following officers:
Charles A. Laton. president: John Scott
Wilson, vice president; Rudolph Herold
Jr.. secretary and treasurer.
Mr. Laton will enter upon his twenty
fourth term as president and Rudolph
Herold Jr. uvon his twelfth term as sec
retary and treasurer of the fire patrol.
In accordance with the provisions of the
new charter the Underwriters' Fire Patrol
will now assume the expenses of the Fire
Marshal and Fire Marshal's office. The
directors of the patrol will also conduct
the affairs of the Fire Underwriters' In
spection Bureau.
IT WILL BE AN
EASTER WEDDING
Engagement of Mrs. Ber
tha Russell and Eugene
Lent Is Announced.
An Interesting engagement made public
yesterday is that of Mrs. Bertha Welch-
RusseU and Eugene Lent. Mrs. Russell
is the daughter of Mrs. Andrew Welch, the
great benefactress of St. Ignatius Church.
Mr. Lent is a member of the law firm
of Humphries & Lent. The wedding of
the young couple is set for April 18. No
details have as yet been arranged, but
It has been decided that only the rela
tives of the contracting parties will wit
ness the ceremony.
MEXICAN KILLED
BY A COMPANION
Brutal Stabbing Affray
Near Oxnard.
Fcecia.l Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, Jan. IS.-Manuel Gomez, a
young Mexican about 24 years of age. was
murdered early this morning near Ox,
nard. It is supposed that he was killed
by a companion named Raffael Caste
neado. also 24 years old. Major Carr, a
prominent beet sugar farmer, was aroused
about 1 o'clock this morning, and when
he went out he stumbled over the
body of Gomez, which lay in the
driveway some thirty feet from the
house. Gomez had been stabbed with a
sharp knife or dagger and was horribly
butchered. His ears were slit, his left
shoulder sliced and his neck was cut
open where the jugular vein was severed
This last jab was the direct cause of
death. He was bruised in general
Gomez and Casteneado imbibed liquor
very freely at Oxnard during lnst even
ing and toward night both departed to
gether for El Rio. When they reached
Carr s place, some two miles from Ox
nard. the stabbing affray occurred with
disastrous results for Gomez.
Gomez has served several terms ln the
County Jail, and is well known to the of
ficers. Casteneado has not been in the
county many months. As yet the assail
ant has not been captured, although the
officers are scouring the county for him
of himself. The fact that the Jewelry
and money of the deceased were mis3ing
gave rise to the belief that the deceased
had been murdered for the purpose of
robbery, and the police authorities were
notified.
The deceased was a member of one of
the best families in Hungary. He has
two brothers residing in the East and
another in this city. One of his brothers.
Geyza Perhacs, is the artist who painted
the picture of "Colonel Ingersoll in Hell"
and other notable canvases. Emll. an
other brother, is a minister. Another
brother is at present Inspector of Finance
ln Hungary.
An evening paper stated that the de
ceased was in the employ of Mr. Spreck
els. This is contradicted by one of his
relatives, who states that Mr. Perhacs
had been employed as steward ln the Pa
cific Union Club for five and a half years.
At the time of his demise he" was acting
ln the capacity of waiter at the San
Francisco Club. An autopsy was held
on the body last evening by Dr. Leland,
who announced that death was not due to
violence, but to natural causes.
Nelson Chesman & Co.
Quarter of a Century of Continuous Busi
ness Success.
Condensed Review of the Growth of One
of the Leading Newspaper Advertising
Agencies of the World.
Last month the well-known advertising
agency of Nelson Chesman & Co. completed
its twenty-fifth year of continuous business.
The quarter of a century during which it has
grown from modest proportions to its present
magnitude has marked the evolution and sys
tematizing of the advertising agency business
aa a science, and it is difficult to realize what
few precedents the founder of t^.e firm had to
guide himself by when he. in partnership with
Mr. George P. Rowell, commenced business in
Bt. Louia on November Ist, 1874. To Mr.
Chesman is largely dua the credit of having
PEOPLE WHO AMUSED HABITUES
OF THREE OF THE POLICE COURTS
FINAL ASSAULT
NOW MADE ON
SUTRO'S WILL
His Children Join in
Contest.
MRS. KLUGE FILES HER SUIT
BOTH SIDES CLAIM JSAT A
MISSING TESTAMENT EXISTS.
Former Mayor's Alleged Widow De
mands a Jury to Try the Issues
of Fact to Be Raised in
Defense.
Adolph Sutro's will, which by the Judg
ment of the Superior Court has been de
clared invalid by reason of the peculiari
ties in the trust clause and its ambigui
ties, was attacked anew and in force yes
terday. The aged capitalist's children,
with the exception of Emma Laura Mer
ritt and Charles Walter Sutro, have Joined
in a contest which was filed shortly be
fore 5 o'clock in the afternoon. Half an
hour later Mrs. Clara Kluge-Sutro's oppo
sition to the petition asking for the pro
bate of the will was placed on record.
In both contests it is alleged that tho
aged capitalist executed and published a
will subsequent to the testament of May
22, ISS2.
Mrs. Kluge-Sutro Included all allega
tions in her pleadings heretofore pub
lished in The Call, but added that she
was unable to state what search had been
made to find the last will mentioned, but
believes that it has been concealed, lost
or destroyed. She adheres to her conten
tion, however, that Judge William T.
Wallace and I. W. Hellman were named
therein as executors. Her ground of con
test is based 6olely on her contention that
the will is revoked by action of law, as
she, decedent's widow, was not mentioned
therein. ln addition to the decree of
court revoking the will on tile she prays
for judgment declaring that a subsequent
will was made by the deceased in 1595 and
that she was devised a widow's portion
therein, and that her children, Adolphine
Charlotte and Adolph Newton, were be
queathed one-fourth of decedent's entire
estate. She also asks for a Jury to try the
issues of fact raised by any answer to tho
petition.
In her petition Mrs. Kluge-Sutro Joins
all of the heirs at law, legatees, devisees
and claimants to decedent's estate. The
defendants are:
Kate Nussbaum. who resides at Bonn Ger
many, and Clara Angellne English, who re
sides at Chicago. 111.; Emma Laura. Merritt.
a daughter of said decedent, residing at 1301
\an Ness avenue; Ilosa Victoria Morb'.o. a
daughter of decedent, residing at 93S Hayes
street; Charles Walter Sutro. a son of dece
dent, residing at 14 Montgomery street; Edgar
Ernest Sutro. a Ron of decedent, residing at
504 Broderlck street; Emma IVinterberg. a sis
ter of decedent, and her son. Waiter Hoepfner
residing at 120S Sutter street; Mrs. Ellse
Schuecklng. a sister ot decedent, and her sons.
Theodore and Benno. and her daughter, Ottlle.
all residing at 1229 OTarrell street: Mrs.
Therese Sutro, widow of the late Gustav Sutro
a cousin of said decedent, and her sons.
Charles Sutro Jr. and Emll Sutro. and her
daughters. Mrs. S. Schwartz and Miss Olga
Sutro. all residing at 171S Pine street; George
Loewcnberg, son of the late Julia Loewenberg
a cousin of decedent, residing at 1718 Pine
street; Mrs. Adelhalde Sutro. widow of the
late Emll Sutro. a cousin of decedent, and her
sons, Oscar Sutro and Alfred Sutro. and her
daughter, Annie Sutro, all residing at 1935 Jack
son street; Charles Sutro Sr., a cousin of de
cedent, residing at 207 Mason street: Albert
Sutro. a cousin of said deceased, residing at
lals Sacramento street; Robert Jordan, nephew
of decedent, residing at 202 Central avenue;
Mrs. R. Loewenberg, daughter-in-law of the
late Julia Loewenberir. a cousin of deceased
residing at Sl6 Sutter street; Edmund Loewen
berg. son of the late Julia Loewenberg, having
an office and place of business at 224 California
street: William Loewenlxrg. also a son of the
late Julia Loewenberz; Emma Loewenber*. a
daughter of the said William Loewenberg and
\ Irglnla Loewenbere. a daughter of the' said
late Julia Loewenberg. all residing at 118 Capp
.street; Rosa Sutro. residing at New York City
2iV Y "ir J^ la £°,r, r , dan - at New York
City, N. V.; Sail Sutro and Louis Sutro. re
sid ng at New York City. N. V.: Otto Sutro.
residing at Baltimore. Md.; Emll Sutro resid
ing at Baltimore, Md. ; Hugo Sturo Theo
dore Sutro. Gustav Sutro. Charles Sutro. Emll
Sutro and Albert Sutro. all residing at San
Francisco. Cal.; Dr. Slglsmun Sutro. residing
at London, England: Louis Drost, residing at
Boston. Mass.; Dorethea Sutro, Alice Sutro
Louisa Sutro. Laura Sutro, Cora Jordan and
Harriet Jordan, residing In the State of New
York: Lucille Sutro. Rosebud Sutro. Otille
Sutro. residing at Baltimore, Md. ; Charles
Drost and Gus.«le Drost. residing at Boston.
Mass.: Victor fcutro. Harry Sutro and Fred
erick Sutro. residing at the city of New York.
?' ™'f.. Alfred ,^ tro £?d? d Paul Sutro - residing
at Baltimore, Md.; Walter Hoepfner. Julia
Loewenberg. Robert Loewenberg, Eddie Loew
enberg. residing at San Francisco. Cal • Elliot
J. Moore. Judge Solomon Heydenfeldt Henri-
L. Foreman (formerly of Albany, N V ) all
residing at San Francisco, Cal.: Felix Adlor
residing at the City of New York. NY • 1 "i
S attle ™ T J}J ndl< V esldln * at ¦"'nsninKton.'b. C •
nf°P»nn i am . * K e ' lev - raiding In the State
of Pennsylvania: Judge Orange Ferris, resid
ing in the State of New York: Governor Aus
\\ n * U w l ? 8ldl 3' r ln the State ot Michigan:
Judce Woodward, residing In the State of
Pennsylvania: Michael C. Kerr, residing in the
State of Indiana: John Doe Blws ?JSw Inr in
the State of Delaware; Richard Roe Stlckland
residing in the State of Michigan; J. Proctor
Knott. residing in the State of Kenturkv-
Frank S. Young residing at Washington. 0 *&
Stated N^Yo^ 1 . 1^ * "™«"« «* the
Rosa V. .Morblo. decedent's daughter
her husband, P. a. Morblo: Kate Nuss
baum. a daughter; her husband. Moritz
Nussbaum; Clara A. English, a daughter
of decedent: her husband. William J
English, and Edgar E. Sutro. a son afj
n?e a d r ye S st?rdS tantS 5 *"* action
As grounds of contest It is alleged first
been filed for probate, is not the will of
the deceased and that the Instrument was
neither written, dated nor signed by the
decedent Continuing they allege that
ne ither Joseph H. Moor. William Mc-
Crindle, John M. Moore or W P H
Adamson, who appear on the document as
witnesses, subscribed their names there
to. The deceased, they claim, executed
a will subsequent to May 22. ISS2, In the
presence of two witnesses whose' names
are unknown, but this document revoked
any testaments made at an earlier date
At the date of the execution of the con
tested will, it Is alleged, Sutro was of un
sound mind and incompetent to make a
will or publish the same.
"At the time of the execution of the
document," the contest reads, "Adolph
Sutro was laboring under delusions con
cerning and relating to the contestants,
which delusions had no foundation in
fact, but could not be removed by argu
ment, proof or persuasion and the will
was executed as a direct result of these
insane delusions.
"The instrument was procured and
made by undue Influence exercised over
him by divers persons, who took advan
tage of his weakness to poison his mind
against the petitioners, their sisters and
brother."
Following these allegations the peti
tioners set forth a list of the various
heirs, legatees and claimants, the latter
being Mrs. Kluge-Sutro and her children.
Although Mrs. Kluge-Sutro. who Is rep
resented by Rodgers, Paterson & Slack,
will press her suit to a final conclusion, it"
Is not generally believed that the children
Intend forcing their contest, but slmnly
filed the opposition in order to be within
the statute of limitations In event the
Supreme Court holds that the lower
court erred when it Invalidated the trust
clauses in the testament. Bishop &
Wheeler and Garret W. McEnerney rep
resent the children Joined in th« opposi
tion of the wllli while Lloyd & Wood are
advising Mrs. Merritt and W. H. R.
Adamson, executors of the testament.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1900.
in obtaining the necessary vouchers. They
should be fairly well acquainted with the
applicant."
Over four thousand blanks for positions
in the classified service have been given
out and 1500 have been filed with Secre
tary Moran properly filled out. The com
mission meets every afternoon at 5 o'clock
and is making preparation for the exam
inations that will be held during the first
part of next month.
NELSON CHESMAN,
FOUNDER >ko PRES. NELSON CHESMAN A CO.
JOSEPH NEALON*. a teamster
well Jnown to the police as a
petty larceny thief, is in the habit
of amending dances with the ob
ject of tfmbir.irig business with pleas
ure. 11* was at a dance in California
Hall Sunday night and, casting his
eyes a'ound, he saw that Dora Carey.
a ser/ant at 1431 McAllister street,
pportfd a gold watch. He thought
Dors would be an easy victim and he
JnvV'ed her to join him !r. the mazy
¦watz- Dofa consented, and as they
g:i/ed around the floor Nealon deftly
e/.racted Dora's watch from the bo
>orn of her dress and put It In his
pocket.
Dora did net miss her timepiece for
some time and she was puzzled to
know where It could have gone.
Wednesday r.!ght fhe was at a dance
In Scottish Ha!!, and along about m!d-
a cearch warrant case. In which Mrs,
Rita Richmond, 230 O'Farrell street,
a buxom woman, sought to recover
from Mrs, Freeman, 510 Post street, a
buxom colored woman, an Astrachan
cape, a silk waist and a black silk
ekirt. Mrs. Freeman was accom
panied by Mrs. Minor, a young col
ored matron, who used to be fa
miliarly called "Toots." Mrs, Rich
mond was represented by Attorhey
Daniel O'Brien and Mrs. Freeman by
Attorney Scott. Mrs, Freeman in mak
ing her etatement was freely helped
by Mra. Minor, who always added,
" 'Deed she did." She had no respect
for the dignity of the court, and
asked Policeman Cullinane, in a loud
whisper, "Who Is dat man on the
bench?" Cullinane whispered, "Judge
Cabaniss." and she said, "He's a nice
5ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HINCKLET-BLYTHE— A. S., City. The
Blythe-Hinckley marriage took place on
the 22d of September, 1892.
DANISH WEST INDIES— The Danish
West Indies -were settled by the Dutch.
They are three in number— St. Croix set
Jled in 1643; St. Thomas, in IGS7. and St
John, in 1717. '
OP THE TIME OP, GEORGE 11-In
1 qulrer. City. As you do not state in letter
REFORM GOING BACKWARD.
IN the course of a discussion between two well
known lawyers in the columns of The Call during
the latter part of November concerning the en
forcement of the civil service provisions of the new
charter one of the disputants gave it as his opinion
that the section which confers permanent tenure upon
all who secure appointments under the civil service
rules is unconstitutional. This attorney contended
that the limitation on terms of office imposed by tht
words of section 16 of article XX of the State or
ganic law, "But in no case shall the term exceed four
years," applies to all officials in the State of Califor
nia, county, municipal and State. In support of this
opinion he cited several decisions of the Supreme
Court.
But it appeared that none of these decisions were
modern, or, if recently rendered, that they^ were not
in point. The latest case cited was that of People vs.
Perry, which is published in the Seventy-ninth Cali
fornia Reports. In that action the Supreme Court
decided, that members of the Board of Health of this
city were "officers" within the meaning of the con
stitution and could hold office not longer than four
years.
The legal doctrine contended for, however, received
a few days ago ample support in the case of A. T.
Patton vs. the Board of Health, an action in which
the point was again raised for the purpose of main
taining perpetual tenure. Patton was a health in
spector. When the Burns politicians took charge of
the department early last year they dismissed him and
placed one of their own retainers in his place. Pat
ton applied for reinstatement to the courts, alleging
that the statute under which he was appointed pro
tected him during good behavior.
On December 29 the Supreme Court decided the
point, affirming the doctrine of the Perry case and
that of the others already referred to. The court
says in the Patton case that the health inspectors of
San Francisco are "officers" within the meaning of
the State constitution (section 16, article XX), and
that, as no term of office is fixed by the statute estab
lishing the Board of Health, they hold during the
pleasure of the appointing power/ but in no case for
a longer period than four years. Attorney Mc-
Enerney represented the Board of Health in this mat-
HOW IT WORKS IN LONDON.
SINCE the Mothers' Union of Gplden Gate has
begun a movement to enforce the law requir
ing employers of women to provide seats for
them in their places of business, it may be interesting
to note that the people of Great Britain are engaged
in watching the operation of a similar law. The
British act, which was passed last August, went into
effect with the beginning of the new year, and re
quires shopkeepers to provide seats for their female
assistants, under a penalty of a fine of three pounds.
It appears that in London many of the shops are so
small and are so crowded with counters and other
fixtures it has been difficult to find space in which to
provide the seats. As a result there has been a good
deal of ingenuity displayed in constructing chairs, or
stools that can be readily folded and put out of- the
way when not in use. *
•So great was the demand for seats of the kind
that ever since the passage of the act the furniture
factories have been busily engaged in trying to de
vise and construct them on improved models, and
there has been recently a "shop seats exhibition," in
which the public has taken a good deal of interest.
Over 200 models were displayed, and all of them, it is
said, are arranged on the automatic principle, so that
they fold themselves up or slide out of the way the
instant the person who has been occupying them
rises.
From the .alacrity with which the shopkeepers gen
erally have arranged to provide the required seats it
is believed there will be very few efforts made to
evade the law. In fact, it is noted that many shop
keepers provided seats as soon as the law was enacted
without waiting for it to go into effect. Still the
papers announce that several associations, as well as
the city officials, will, keep a lookout for offenders
and will promptly prosecute them when detected. As
the Chronicle puts it: "No doubt attempts will be
made to evade the* law, and it may be necessary to
convince the worst offenders that when Parliament
has passed an act for good and sufficient reasons it
must be obeyed, whatever the cost or inconvenience.".
The excellence of that sentiment is beyond dispute,
and it would be gratifying to have the California law
enforced with an- equal efticie'ncy.
It is said that Germany, anent the Bundesrath seiz-.
ure, has entered a strong protest to the British Gov
ernment It will probably be found to be made up of
limbcrger.
BLUE CLOTH COSTUME*
The costume represented is tailor-made.
In two shades of blue cloth. The dark blue
vest opens over a waistcoat of lavender
blue, hemmed with a narrow stitched band
to match. The skirt la made with an
apron, held by three stitched banda. which
run all around tho back.
A DAILY FROM PARIS.
The thing is settled at last; it is all over with the
Boers. Tod Sloan has descended from the saddle and
says England must come victors from the South
African discussion.
MOUTHPIECES.
WE regret that the administration seems to be
afflicted with what may be described as a
smallpox of "mouthpieces." Senator Beye
ridge was a recent addition to these oral afflictions,
and among them are several heavy burdens in the
shape of newspaper organs, which grind in ragtime,
to the disgust and sometimes fear of Republicans,
who apprehend the consequences to follow the dis
cordant and calliopean chorus of these mouthpieces.
One has come to hand which attempts to show its
loyalty to Republican principles by a half column of
severe abuse of Senator Hale of Maine for introduc
ing a resolution of inquiry into the British seizure of
American flour, in neutral bottoms, and bound for a
neutral port. Senator Hale desired the facts as known
to the administration to be put before the representa
tives of the people in Congress. The ships Mashona,
Beatrice and Maria were seized and were held so long
that the owners of their cargoes of flour may feel
some solicitude and other Americans engaged in
deep water commerce may share it. But the Sena
torial mouthpieces immediately joined their mouths
in obstructing Senator Hale's resolution, and he was
frowned upon as an enemy of his country. The news
paper mouthpiece referred to took it up, and with
fine scorn asked: "Does Senator Hale's gorge rise
at the remembrance of the service England rendered
this country when we interfered in Cuba's behalf?
The service was unsolicited, but important. From
the day the United States struck Spain until Spain
cried enough England pleasantly suggested to Europe
that there must be no interference." Therefore, it is
to be inferred, we must let England pirate our deep
water trade, rob our merchants, and must support her
also in piracy on the high seas against the commerce
of Germany and other countries with which we trad;
and are at peace!
The American people have not a scrap of evidence
that England held Europe off our back in the Span
ish war. If she did, and claim as an equivalent ser
vice our assent to search and seizure on the high
seas, against which we fought the war of 1812 and
whipped her, her moti%-e was sinister and her action
is not entitled to our gratitude nor respect. If we
were near by we would really suggest to Senator Hale
to rouse the mouthpieces again by introducing an
other resolution asking the administration to furnish
all the evidence in its possession that England
held our coat while we whipped Spain. The people
have a right to that evidence. They are continually
drawn upon in one way or another to drop a penny
in the slot as payment for that service, with
out v knowing whether it was necessary or was
rendered at aIL The special newspaper mouth
piece which does Senator Hale to a crisp for
daring to inquire into the piratical seizure
of three shiploads of American flour goes still farther
in an editorial roasting Englishmen for criticizing
the conduct of the war to destroy the two republics.
After praising the British soldiers this American Tori
paper says: "The man at home has his part to play
no less than the man in' the field. And he is playing
it but poorly by raising a premature and unreason
able howl about a situation that has not yet had time
to develop. He is giving aid and comfort to the
enemy. He is filling Oom Paul with encouragement,
for if President Kruger and General Joubert get the
idea that a change of Ministry in England means a
possible repetition of the Gladstone surrender they
will fight the harder and prolong the war to the ut
most in their power. Impatience has not hitherto
been recognized as an English trait, and this is no
proper time to take it on. To divide in the face of
the common enemy and engage in passionate quar
rels, with political advantage as the ultimate end.
would be poor and discreditable business for a great
people. The British soldier is full of fight, and who
shall say how soon it will be the other fellow's turn
to suffer?"
We hope that Goldwin Smith, Herbert Spencer,
Professor Bryce and other Englishmen who have
spoken with British bluntness about the republic
murdering business of their Ministry will be good
now, along v.ith Hale.
But the phrases are not yet put together which will
describe the renegade wretch who calls himself an
American and exudes Toryism from every pore.
The administration should suppress its fool friends.
If they continue to deny the right of our own people
to information in the possession of their Government
which highly concerns them, and to spit in the direc
tion of the English liberals and philosophers who do
not indorse the murdering of republics because they
own gold mines, the political row ahead to be hoed
will be longer and hotter than it needs to be.
ONCE A YEAR FOR. FIFTY
YEARS IN A MASONIC LODGE
A former deputy poundmaster is credited with hav
ing captured Moody, the soldier-robber. The cap
tor's knowledge of vicious animals probably led him
into the chase.
If England is not more generous in explanation of
that little affair of the seizure of American goods our
history books may have to put our famous tea-party
in the background and give the post of honor to a
flour sale.
The Sacramento minister who narrowly escaped
being thumped by the irate husband of one of the
fair members of his flock has probably arrived at the
conclusion that labor in that particular field is love's
k.Lor lost
ADVERTISEMENTS.
leaves the lungs weak and
opens the door for the germs
of Consumption. Don't
wait until they get in, and
you begin to cough. Close
the door at once by healing
the inflammation.
makes the lungs germ-
proof; it heals the inflam-
mation and closes the doors.
It builds up and strengthens
the entire system with
wonderful rapidity .-
,.•¦',•- s°c- and Ji.oo, all drugziits,
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemist" New York.
An exchange observes that Rudyard
Kipling "is running to alliteration."
Well, we predict that he will win th*
race, and there will b© those to welcome
him at the other end.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa T» Roots.
Connecting train leaves 5 p. in.. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and. best track of any line to
the East. Ticket oftlc<\ 6S Market street.
hotei. del cohoxado— Ta*» mnatw
of the rocnd-trlo tickets. Now only MO by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at ho-
tel; longer stay. J3 CO per day. Apply at 4 Xsw
Montgomery street. San FraacSsoo.
Personally Conducted Excorsiona
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled PnUssaa tourltt
sleepln* cars Santa, p. Root*. Erpwieaced
excursion conductors accompany ties.* excur-
sions to look after th« we!fax» or passensers.
To Chicago and Kansas aty »v«Ty Sunday
Wednesday aad Friday. To Boston. ITontr^ai
and Toronto svery Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday aad
Friday. Ticket office. CS Market street.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been us«d for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their cMlSrea whlls Tee*lun« with
perfect success. I* soothe* tb.» child, •ofiaas
th« gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and Is tha best raaedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising; from tssthlax or
other causes. For sai» by firnr»*.sts la srery
part of th» world. B» sur» and ask far ilrs.
Wlnslow's Boothlne Syrup. Ko a bott!*.
Pamhaia Gaining.
Tha. Farnharn-Boland election contest
proceeded befor© Jnd^s Seawell yester-
day. The counting of the ballots of sev-
enty-five precincts has been concluded
and up to date Farnham has srained 97
votes. There yet remain 22S precincts and
Farnham must gain 153 inora Totes to
•win.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
Townsend's Cal. place fruits. 50c Ib. at
733 Market st., will move back in Febru-
ary to Palace Hotel, 633 Marke. sL •
ENGLISH PEOPLE ARE VICTIMS
OF A GIANT POLITICAL GAME
President Jordan's Recent Lecture on the Boer
War Arouses Warm Comments.
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
presents them fcr whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
Editor The Call: The Boers are
right. The English people are the
victims of a gigantic political
bunko game. The ancient roots of
the present bluster were sown by
James I. It has been carried on by
Disraeli, Chamberlain and Cecil
Rhodes, who is" a sort of Boss
Tweed in South Africa. As a rule
Ensland never stirs up actual hght
ing if the people on the other side
have clothes on. Chamberlain has
England in his power. The basis of
England's policy is inequality
among men. It ha 3 always been so,
and that is why our forefathers left
England. Her idea of a foreign pol
icy is never to strike except wnen
the enemy is down and has no pow
erful neighbor, and never to strike
below the belt when the vulnerable
points are above. Chamberlain says
there must be English supremacy
in South Africa. We could say the
same thing about North America.
Why has not a little people as
many rights as a mighty people?
The peopla who are talking to us
now about brotherhood and cousln
ehip are the same 6table boy aris
tocrats that flouted at Abraham
Lincoln. There is no justification
for a mighty nation to go. to war
with a weak one. All claims of
suzerainty were given up by Glad
stone, and I say he did the square
thing by a little nation. The out
siders had no right to vote in the
Transvaal. The war started with
Jameson's raid and the English .
would have followed and taken in
the whole country if he had been
successful. Every nation that has
grown in strength has grown in
peace, and every nation nas gone
down in arms. The policy of op
pression must give way to sobriety,'
industry and justice.
The above are brief extracts from the
telegraphic report of an address delivered
in the city of Oakland on the 12th inst. by
David Starr Jordan, president of Stan
for University. That they are as true as
gospel is a great pity. Yet it were a
greater pity that we should not be thu3
frank with our "British cousins." For us
to openly or silently approve or extenuate
Britain's .present work in South Africa
would be a grave crime against all hu
manity. We could not afford to so de
grade our national conscience, if we still
have one. Free. America would be reo
reant in her sacred duty to the world were
she to fail in speaking the truth and the
whole truth concerning the great wrong 3
that England has heaped and is heaping
upon- the heads of these puny South Afri
can republics. • God forbid that America
should with open eyes and sealed lips
stand aloof while England enacts this
wicked tragedy, a crime so appalling, so
reprehensible that words are inadequate
to express the horror and detestation felt
by onlookers. And all for the sake of the
blind and insatiable greed which sur
rounds, permeates and envelops England
like a loathsome malady.
These sturdy South African Dutch, chil
dren of freedom-loving ancestors, honest
liberty-loving sons of the veldt, who in
the face of a thousand dangers hay«
carved out their homes in the wilderness
and desert, have surely established their
unquestioned title to their freedom and
Independence, for which they are so
bravely battling. Those who will take the
trouble to look into the history of South
Africa will find that there is no doubt as
to the righteousness, the justness of the
Boer cause. The South Arican republics
have been brutally dragged into the arena
of cruel war in spite of their oft-repeated
wishes for peace. It hardly seems possi
ble that the great body of the common
people in England can realize the atro'Vty
of Chamberlain's South African war pol
icy. It would seem as though they had
closed their, eyes to moral responslblUty
and permitted themselves to be blindly
led into the quagmires of national dis
honor at the hands of the will-o'-the-wisp
ambitions and hare-brained ideas of Jo
seph Chamberlain and Cecil Rhodes. These
ttvo are the chief conspirators against
whom (and their willing tools) England
must charge up the heavy account m
blood and treasure that is being reeled off
for her in Southern Africa. They appear
to have little care or concern as to what
depths of degradation they may lead their
country so long as their unholy schemes
are duly executed.
Candidly speaking. Chamberlain and
Rhodes both deserve to be shot or hanged
and their memories forever execrated for
the dishonor, the awful misery, suffering
and loss of lift* which they have brought
upon England alone, to say nothing of the
monstrous Iniquity against the South Af
rican Dutch. Such an end for them would
be but a mild expiation (not a thousandth
part, of a just expiation) for the deviltry
which they have deliberately planned and
set in motion.
None will gainsay the truth of the say
ing that "war is hell." It is all that even
when it is Justitied. An unjustifiable war
waged by a gigantic professional military
power against innocent, puny republics
composed of farmers and shepherds,
whose only sin is that they happen to hon
esty possess that which the greed of the
giant covets, is too diabolical, too fiendish
for words to express.'
The light of God's eternal truth turned
full upon British pretence shows no
semblance of honest Justification, no rea
sonable defense for Britain's crimsoned
hands. In deepest sorrow, with feelings of
sincere pity and profound humiliation we
well may ask, "Is it possible that Eng
land's guilty. Etains can ever be efface.] '"
She is writing one of the blackest pa~es
of history, for which her honest sons will
ever hang their heads in shame. It is no
small or trivial matter, to be lightly con
sidered or lightly dismissed.
An individual who is so crazed with lust
for land, gold or power that the killing
of his brother man is as nothing to him
If thereby his greed be satisfied, is indeed
a sorrowful, a pitiful spectacle. How in
finitely worse when a nation, drunken
with avarice, halts not at the wanton de
struction of innocent weaker sister na
tions for the mere gratification of this
same greed for "more."
There are thousands upon thousands
throughout America who are earnestly
hoping and as earnestly praying that* a
Just Providence will so sustain and guide
the weak that that child of the devil
"Chamberlainism in South Africa " shali
be smashed to pieces, that right shall Dre
val at , tb Jv t bra . ze "-'aced might shall falter
and be lost. thatrßritish avarice and Brit
ish arrogance with all their attendant
evils, shall be driven In deserved disgrace
from the soil which they are desecrating
It does not seem possible that the Al
mighty will permit England's- house to
endure when she persists in such stupend
ous wickedness.
A national house builded out of the
groans, tears and blood of the innocent
is a baleful and uncanny structure, and
should not stand. «
« A ,£L AMERICAN AMERICAN.
Jan. 15, 1900.
THE LAND LEASE BILL.
THERE are two bills before the Senate affecting
grazing lands. One, by Clark of Wyoming,
seems a futile measure. It gives homesteaders
on abandoned military reservations the right to enter
160 acres in addition to their homestead holding for
pasture or grazing land, providing that grazing land
so entered shall be unfitted for cultivation and home
stead entry "by reason of lack of water for irrigating
purposes or otherwise." The ambiguity of the
proviso is noteworthy, and the measure is subject to
criticism from the fact that 160 acres of the totally
arid r.ature required to qualify it for entry would not
feed one steer. The purpose of the bill is therefore
obvious in its text and lies far away from the one ex
pressed.
The other measure is by Senator Foster of Wash
ington, Senate file 1947. It provides for leasing
lands suitable for grazing only west of the ninety
ninth meridian. The Secretary of Agriculture is to
determine whether such lands are more valuable for
grazing than for any other purpose, and they shall be
located, listed and described in terms enabling their
lease by definite xnetes and bounds. The minimum
rental shall be one cent per acre. No limit is put
upon the area that may be leased to one individual,
except that each leasehold shall be for the smallest
erea compatible with the best utilization of the land
for grazing purposes. Leases shall be made only to
citizens of the States in which the leasehold is lo
cated, or to corporations organized under the laws of
Whenever in the judgment of the Secretary of Ag
riculture it is to the interest of the United States to
consolidate areas for grazing purposes to lease under
this act, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to
exchange public grazing lands with the States, or pri
vate owners, for other grazing lands of practically
equal value.
wo provisions of this act seem sinister and should
receive attention in committee. A corporation may
become resident and receive leases. A natural per
son mu=t be resident in same State with lease
hold. Nothing in the bill gives protection or prefer
ence to present owners of herds. Under the bill cor
porations with foreign stockholders may lease all the
lands in any grazing region while not owning a hoof
of stock. To trespass on a leasehold is a misdemeanor
punishable by fine of $500 and six months in jail.
Therefore such a corporation, having leased the
lands, will have the owners of cattle at their mercy,
punishable for trespass and compelled to let their
herds starve or sell to the corporate leaseholder at
any price the corporation may choose to pay. In
this way the half-dozen large meat-packing corpora
tions can not only control the ranges, but take the
herds now grazing on them at their own price. The
bill should safeguard the herd-owner and not
his possible despoiler. The other sinister feature is
the exchange of lands with States or private owners.
In working it will easily be the means of transferring
to the United States ranges that have been over
stocked and fed out in exchange for others which,
while "practically of equal value," are fresher" land'
zv.d not exhausted of their forage.
The Western cattle-owners will do well to pay some
attention to the questionable features of the bill and
secure their amendment in committee. If they do not
they may wake up to find their ranges leased to cor
porations and their property at the mercy of stran
gers.
The revenues of the bill are to go to the States, to
be used by their Legislatures for water storage and
irrigation.
DODGE'S LATEST DODGE.
ZIJVER since the new city government began the
people have been treated to a continuous show
— * of dissolving views. The bright pictures which
were presented to the voters during the campaign by
the Phelanites have been one after another fading
into gloom, leaving in their places about as black
prospects as the people of this city ever looked upon.
It appears we are not to have even the economy
that was promised. The administration cannot con
duct 'the affairs of the city on the dollar limit levy
upon the assessment stated in the campaign pledge,
and has begun to seek a means of evading it. It is
characteristic of men that instead of honestly
acknowledging their error and dealing frankly with
the taxpayers they are endeavoring to obtain more
money by a sort of flim-flam game, and have sought
to induce the State Board of Equalizers to act as con
federates in the scheme.
Assessor Dodge's proposition to the Equalizers is
perhaps the most extraordinary ever made by one offi
cial to another. He informed the board that -after
having gone over the subject carefully with the
Mayor the two had agreed that the only way by
which a sufficient revenue could be procured to defray
the expenses of the municipal government under the
new charter, with a tax levy not exceeding $i on the
$100, was to increase the assessment of property to the
extent of $100,000,000. They wish that assessment for
the city, but are not willing the State should have the
benefit of it, and accordingly they ask the State
Equalizers to agree to reduce it to the original
amounts when they equalize taxation for State pur
poses.
Such being the scheme of the Assessor, it becomes
a matter of concern to the taxpayers to know upon
what classes of property he proposes to make the
$100,000,000 of increase in assessments. When asked
by the Board of Equalization if he intends to put the
increase upon corporations the Assessor answered:
"No; the corporations are assessed up to the limit.
We propose to place the increase on realty."
From that statement it appears that if the scheme
go through the homes of the people will be burdened
with an assessment for taxation under the new charter
$100,000,000 in excess of what was imposed upon them
in the past. The Assessor, who was so loud in his
declarations during the campaign of an intention to
make the corporations pay more taxes than they have
been doing, now laughs at his promises, mocks at the
people who trusted him, and proposes to let the cor
porations alone and heap up the burden upon the
owners of real estate.
It is hardly likely the State Board of Equalization
will consent to take part in the trick which the in
genious Dodge has devised. If that sort of game' be
permitted to one county it will be imitated by others
where unscrupulous men obtain the office of Asses
sor, and the consequences will be unceasing scandals
in which the Equalizers themselves, will be involved.
The trick is an outrage and should be so treated.
LAST night "William Schuyler Moses, superintendent of the Masonic Cem- C
etery of this city, known throughout the Masonic world as "Uncle <
Billy" Moses, paid his fiftieth annual visit to California Lodge, Free <
and Accepted Masons, In the Masonic Temple. He visited that lodge for J
the first time on the 17th of January, 1850. in a two-story frame building on <
the east side of Montgomery street, between Jackson and Washington, which <
was the first Masonic hall in San Francisco, and of which a sketch is fur- <
nished, with the portrait of the Masonic veteran. <
Since that flrst visit it has been the custom of Mr. Moses to call on Call- *
fornia Lodge on or as near the 17th of January as possible. When he entered *
the hall last night he looked around in vain for the brothers who greeted
him with a fraternal welcome fifty years ago. So far as the Masonic records (
go, he will be the last of the group of Fellowcraftsmen who occupied stations ,
in or faced the East when he entered the dimly lighted lodgeroom. All have <
passed to the great beyond. The last one of thai band of pioneers to extend <
the hand of fellowship to him in the lodgeroom was the late Colonel Jonathan. «
D. Stevenson, who passed away February 15. 1534. The worshipful master |
who presided on that occasion of that first visit was the late Levi Stowell, who J
afterward became the secretary of the Grand Lodge of California. <
Uncle "Billy" Moses was born in Rochester. N. V., August 8, 1527. and came <
to California on the bark Alice Tarlton, arriving in San Francisco Bay <
January 11, ISSO, after a passage of nearly nine months around the Horn. A (
carpenter and millwright by trade he went into the far north of the State 4
and made the beautiful Corinthian columns for Esmeralda Lodge Instituted ,
In Aurora, then in Mono County, but now in Esmeralda County, Nev. He re- <
sided for a time in Yreka, where he was secretary of the Fire Department and <
was a Town Trustee. In 1555 he returned East for a short time and there <
married Miss Addie Warren of Fredonia, Chautauqua County, N. V., and *
returned to California. He is a member of the Astronomical Society *
of the Pacific Coast, and for many years held the office of marshal {
of the Sons of the American Revolution. He was initiated in Valley <
Lodge In Rochester, N. V., February 13, 1543. passed to the degree c
of Fellowcraft March 5; one week later was raised to the sub- <
lime degree of Master Mason. On November 8, 1552, he was appointed wor- *
shipful master of Golden Gate Lodge under dispensation, and was elected to c
that office when the lodge received its charter and he has been a member of
that lodge ever since. Of the charter members of that lodge only three c
are alive, George J. Hobe of this city. Rev. John F. Damon of Portland and <
Mr. Moses. C
The veteran Mason is a member of San Francisco Chapter, Royal Arch «
Masons, a member of California Comrnandery. Knights Templar, having
been created a Knight Templar and a Knight of Malta in l&sS. and is past £
venerable master of Yerba Buena Lodge of Perfection of the Ancient and «
Accepted Scottish Rite, past wise master of Yerba Chapter of Ro3e Croix. c
almoner of Godfrey de St. Omar Council of Kadosh and past grand chancel- «
lor and venerable grand master of the Grand Consistory of California. He O
was elected a knight commander of the Court of Honor of the Supreme £
Council of the Thirty-third degree for the southern jurisdiction, and on the +
unanimous recommendation of the Grand Consistory of this State he received o
the order and jewel of Kr.lght Grand Cross, thirty-second degree, being •?
the first and only one in California to receive that honor from the Supreme O
Council. He is an active member of the Masonic Veterans' Association and la "*
past most venerable master thereof. He is also a noble of Islam Temple and °
the founder of the Order of the Eastern Star in this State, having instituted +
Golden Gate Chapter under commission as deputy grand patron of the Su- O
preme Grand Chapter in May, 1869. He is also a noble of Islam Temple and ¦?¦
first matron. In recognition of his services to that order he was recently O
created venerable pasi grand patron of the Grand Chapter of California and +
was presented -with a beautiful jewel indicative of that rank, created sped- O
ally for him and which will become extinct when he shall have laid down the ¦?¦
burden of life. °
ter. He also represented the victorious party in the
Ferry case. Thus it appears that his^theory that no
official in California of any class whatever can hold
office for a longer period than four years has been
thoroughly established, and, moreover, applied to the
municipal subordinates of this city.
The doubt thus resolved makes the permanent
! tenure provisions of the new charter unconstitutional
I and renders the whole civil service system created by
! the instrument nugatory and void. Of what use will
I it be to establish the merit system of appointment to
office in this city if, at the end of every four years,
there is to be a wholesale removal for political pur
poses? The new charter places the Civil Service
; Commission entirely in the hands of the Mayor. That
, official is authorized to appoint two Commissioners in
j each term, and thus can always bend it to subserve
j his political purposes. The restriction on terms,
| moreover, applies to the Police, Fire and School de
| partments, which are brought by the charter under
j civil service rules.
Some of the new charter "reformers" who, in the
j mad pursuit of office, have forced these uncertainties
! upon us, should now inform a suffering public what
| they think they have gained by throwing the entire
i government into the spoils vortex while attempting
ito establish an unconstitutional merit system. The
j issue as to the tenure of policemen, firemen and
j schoolteachers would never have been joined had not
j the new charter set up civil service reform. Now it is
' inevitable.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1900.
of inquiry If the coin asked about is cop
per or silver, the answer asked for can
not be furnished. Give a full description
of the piece and the answer will be given.
CORXISHMEN— A. S.. Quarantine Sta
tion, Angel Island. Cal. The Comlshmen
or inhabitants of Cornwall bad a recog
nized dialect, which was probably used In
Cornwall and in the bordering part ct
Devonshire, but it has ceased to be spoken
since the beginning cf the nineteenth cen
tury- ' ¦ ~
THE CHIEF OF POLICE.
Ban Francisco Trade Jsurcal
So far as we can learn tha friends of
Mayor Phelan in the business community
regret his course In the controversy over
tha appointment of Chief of Police and
his evident stand in favor of Esola for tfca
position. They think that by so doing ha
phadows the good record he made while
Mayor under the old charter, which will
react against him in the future. One cf
his former strong admirers says that the
mercantile -and manufacturing interests
of San Francisco are largely interested in
a pure municipal government in ail its
branches and to subordinate any one of
them to other interests ia calculated to
undermine the main dependence for secur
ing it. He further says that if ilayor
Phelan is honest in hta course to promote
a higher standard for the Police Depart
ment, he would unhesitatingly say that he
Is In favor of any good aid reliable person
for Chief of Police, without regard to
party or politics and In the absence of
such a statement over his own signature
the general public will uzdoubtedly be
lieve there has been some '•dnd of collu
sion to promote Esola to the position. The
latter may be all that his iriends claim,
yet the charges made agalm him will
leave a stain and be proniotve of Intro
ducing more or less discord in the depart
ment and, besides, lower mher than
raise its standing with the coarnunity at
large. It U to be hoped that in the Inter
est cf the city at large and the cause of
pure municipal government tkit Mayor
Phelan and the Board of Police 7omr£ls
sloners will choose a person for 7aief cf
Police against whom no charges can be
preferred and who will fyi the icsitlcn
with, credit to all in Interest. Thre are
plenty of such men and there is nt good
reason why one should not b« e>osen
from among them.
UNCLE "BILLY" MOSES, ; WHO VISITED CALIFORNIA,
NO. 1. F. AND A. M., LAST NIGHT.
FRIDAY JANUARY 19, 1900
JOHN D. SrRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ah Ccmmun-e»Jcns to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
PIBLICATIO* OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
tDITCIUAL ROOMS. .. .217 to 221 SteTCßlon St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Carrier*. IS Cent" Per Weelc
Muclr Copies. S Cent*.
Trrm« by .Mali. Inrlndins Po^taß-es
DAILY f\LL (inrlndins *>anday>. one yenr . .*O.«<«
DAIL.Y CALL, (including Min.lai i. (i month*. . .I.n-i
DAtLV CALL <in«ludiiis !>nndayi, 3 months. . 1.r.0
DAILY CALL — Ur Sltisle Month 6T.r
fiI.\DAY CALL One Year.. — IJW
UECKLV CALL One Year 1.00
All puitßtittn are aolhorited to receive
¦ nbncriptions.
Cample copies « ill be (ornarded vrhen requested
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KJIOGSESS.
Uanaser Forelca Advrrtl»lnc. Mar«nette Build
in*:. Chicasro.
KETV TORK CORRESPO\DE\Ti
C. C CABLTO.X Herald Square
XEW YORK HEPHESEVTATIVEi
PEUHV UK£>S JR..-. ...29 Tribune Hnlldlnc
CHICAGO .NEWS STANDS I
Ehrrmaa House; P. O. Xew« Co.t Great North
ern lloteli Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
,
SEW TOIIK SEWS STANDS:
V» eldorf- Astoria Hotel; .*. Brentano. 31 Union j
t Quart: .'lcrraj Hill Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX <TJ. C.) OFFICE .. Well Inert on Hotel '
J. V. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of \
< lay, open until 0:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes,
open until o:.'{<' o'clock. <UU> McAllister, open !
cniil :«.:;u o'clock. Gl5 Larkln, open until
t):30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 1O
o'clock. ZZbi. Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until & o'clock. IOWi Valencia, open until 1) {
o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. \
KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, j
open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Oixbeun— VauSevlUe.
'."o.:-i I—"A1 — "A Wl-ter'B Tale."
Ciii'crrl* — "Tte Countess Gcdd.**
Tivoli— "The lic'.'B Eye."
Gr*r!l Opera-hcuse — "Don Caesar cf Iron.*
Alhaaibr*— "A Hot Old Time."
Alc**ar— "LAty "VTlriemere'i Fan."
Ctute*. Zoo mz.l Tfceiter— Vaudevlu* every aftemooa and
rresla*.
G.yripla, career Mssor ass El'is rtr*«t* — Specialties.
ilecha=lc«' PavT.loa— MasQU'rajSe Ball to-morrcir night.
Eher=L*a-C!aj- H*ii— £injt P.ecltal, Monday eveaicc. Janu-
ary 2i
¦Western Tart Association— Ra«! to-Say.
AUCTION RALES.
Ey Turfcth P.cc Co.— Thie day. at U a. m. and I j>. el.
TurkiFh P.U£f, at l*i Stockton street.
6TARIFF ON MIXED GOODS.
Decision by the General Appraisers
of Interest to Merchants.
The United States General Appraisers
have notified Port Collector Jackson
where dutiable goods are Indiscriminately
mixed with goods free of duty a collector
of customs has the right. In the first in-
stance, to assume that the mingling of
the goods was Intentional and with de
sign to evade the customs revenue lawn.
No duty rests upon him to separate t^e
goods accordlngto their dutiable charac
ter, and he is justified in treating the en
tire Importation as prima fade dutiable.
When the eonfuslon of the goods is acci
dental, and not fraudulent in fact, tha
burden tests upon -the importer to prove
that such is the case, and as to what
portions of the grods the classiticatlon of
the collector is incorrect, which proof
may be made before the Board of General
Appraisers when the question has been
properly brought before them by protest.
FRANCHISE FOR COAST ROAD.
Street Committee Considers the Ap
plication — Objections to Bock
Crusher.
The Supervisors* Street Committee met
yesterday morning and was addressed by
Attorney T. D. Riordan regarding the
franchise asked for by the Bay and
Coast Railroad Company for an entrance
In this city. Mr. Riordan stated the fran
chise sought by the company was identi
cal with one granted some years ago to
another concern, but no tracks had ever
been constructed and the former fran
chise had lapsed. He also contended that
the matter Is not governed by any pro
vision of the charter, but is under the
State law.
Further consideration was postponed
for one week, or until the City Attorney
files an opinion as to tbe powers of the
Supervisors to erant the franchise.
A number of Mission property owners
appeared before the committee In behalf
of a protest of the Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs against the
maintenance of a rock crusher by Gray
Bros, in the vicinity of Clipper. Douglass
and Twenty-fourth streets. M. Rooney
testified that tallinsrs had gathered on hbs
premises to the depth of five feet, and
that his tenants had been obliged to move
by reason of the nuisance. Messrs. Plum
mer, Matthews. Hyman, L.llle, Connors
and Mrs. Booth also spoke of the rock
crusher as a nuisance.
Mr. Gray, owner of the machine, said
that If the plant were condemned it would
throw several thousand men out. of em
ployment.. As long as Mr. Rooriey was
on the payroll he made no objection. The
matter is now In the courts and the bonds
are sufficient to cover any damages. The
last board had visited tho quarry and
were satisfied with its workings.
The committee concluded to visit tha
quarry next Saturday at 2 p. m.
It was derided to have Trocadero Gulch
filled in with the residue of sand from,
the grading of Nineteenth avenue by the
City Street Improvement Company, as
this method will reduce the cost of tho
proposed improvement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CANNON BALL PILLS
Big Balls of Poison Given
as Medicine.
Thousands Are Suffering, From Mercurial
Pill-Poison Token in Youth— Days of
the Pills Are Past.
Do you want health?
Then keep your bowels clean and your
liver lively!
It has always been known that constipa-
tion is the cause of nearly all disease, but
the way of treating It has changed.
The old way was to make up a sickening
"black draught," or, still worse, an explo-
sive "shotgun" cartridge of calomel, aloes,
jalap, gamboge, croton oil, blue mass,
colocynth— the larger the bullet the better
—and after the patient had swallowed the
dose, thrown the bowels into spasms and
turned the liver inside out, he was settled
for a few days— frequently forever.
The most dangerous "medicine" of all
was the mercurial pill-poison which
lodged In tho blood and joints, producing
life-long aches.
Force is folly, if you have any regard
for you well being. When it becomes
necessary to stir up your liver and have a
general Internal cleaning up, take Cas-
carets Candy Cathartic, and produce nat-
ural action in a nice, gentle, quiet, posi-
tive way.
Cascarets are up to date, antiseptic,
taste good, never grip nor gripe, mild but
effective.
Buy and try Cascarets to-day. You'll
find that It's what they do, not what we
say they'll do. that proves their merit.
All druggists— loc, 25c, 50c, or by mail for
price. Send for booklet and free sample.
Address the Sterling Remedy Co., Chi-
cago; Montreal, Can., or New York.
S ¦ V Thls «3 the CASCARET tab-
f /ara« 1 let - Ever y tablet of the only
111 I I genuine Cascarets bears tho
I l!ali?l^ I magic letters "C C C." Look
N- /} at the tablet before you buy,
>1 V and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
Gfyp Get a Fine I
-,/ Tailor-Made j
jT^\ Suit.... j
¦\ _ dr^r"r»7 My sutts are *<iual to the :
¦ \P \ S- *J best, and I am making t
• \£ X^T-- them at a special reduced :
! Af*yftJi\ Price for a limited time. A :
; I \r\^,\A cood opportunity to get a •
I g */& S\n first-class suit or overcoat :
5 B :'jll*'i!'jp!l at a moderate price. j
• Ml' ii'^'j^Vif Pack suits now $in.KO :
• & rt^C' Frock Suits 2a.."50*:
IVJ iiiMi\ Prince Albert Suits. 5.'.00 {
\ t^fti \ Full I>ress Suits.... 40.00 ¦
\ Mti J Overcoats 20.00 i
M. j H / Pants 4.r»0 j
— po O y The. "liilor i
: \^ IUO-1112 Market St.,
« |v 201-203 Montgomery, ' !
:/— Vi^"-*! sa:n franciscq. 5
:Wt//l: Wt//l m IOU Washlncton St.. •
s>O// <ZS OAKLAND. :
rfgevSfgjru*^ . I will guarantee
J^|<^&j%j§jX that my Kidney Cure
AS^'lj*!^* *H1 euro 90 per cent.
i&gf^^^m&l *t ¦" fora* of kidney
*&* J.v^ oomplaiat and In
#1H mtnT instances the
¥8 «KR»"iss£»iy most serious forma of
V r^ Bright's disease. If
\ /*w%>'s( ¦ *k p disease Is com-
jL *"~(E§sBr plicated send a fonr-
. /refe^Tgpgt ounce vial of urine.
gw^arw**\^*^W W© will analyze It
i&J^^iSSLz&^fj and advise you tree
| Kr what to do.
». 1 f MUNTON.
At *n 6roggists. 2Se. a rial. Guide- to Health
Hxi medical adrlce free. 1505 Arch st., Phila.
£viBtr OR- JORDAN'S great 4
IMUSEUES OF ANATOMY^
A gft iColUASZ£TS¥.t«t.e±l7tli,S.r.Cil.i
T Hr The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe \
A) *n?&fK>~L Wor!d. y> eaknef •.« or any contracted A
r 'JtS *i*J d-.sease p«?«ltl»rly eurmihy theoleie&t T
® *Ps£2l i>pecialis:rn the Coast Eit^years- <j
A fl^^J C 3. JORDAN-PR.'Y ATE DISEASES A
\ PCSvkSSI Ceotulution free and stTktiy private. \
A B J>»y Jl f" ltm "t personally or by letter. A A
\B If TIH fwitnt Cure in erery case undertaken. \
Aril lift Write for Rook. rOII.OS(ll>UV«l A
ft / P» MtnBIAGE, MAILED FREB. (AY
\ n 11, valuable book for turn/ \
f 08. JORDAN & CO.. 1051 Market St., 8. F. f
» <qb,^.-^ ) ft
¦MinTl mr Pile* and all Kectal
llllti 3 lillE diseases cured or .no
LI II U I lIUL' I" 1 ?* No detention from
II II 1 I llnr business. DRS. MAN'S-
• til 1 111 1 I FIELD & POUTER-
IIU I I UIIL FIELD. 83S Market St.,
San Francisco.
STEAMERS AND
WINDJAMMERS
IN COLLISION
Apache Damages the
Dawn.
PILOT BOAT'S CLOSE CALL
HAWAIIAN BARK HIMALAYA
DAMAGED IN A STORM.
A couple of collisions occurred yester
day morning on the bay, but in neither
was there much damage done. The Sac
ramento River steamer Apache backed
down on the 6loop Dawn while making a
landing at Mission-street wharf. The
Dawn was tied up to the wharf and the
Apache crushed her up against the piles.
The little sloop was badly strained by
the squeeze and began to leak so fast
that the captain and crew got ashore in
a hurry, thinking she was going to sink.
The cargo was got out of her as quickly
as possible, however, the steamer men
lending a hand. The Dawn will be le
paired by the Southern Paciilc, owners of
the Apache.
The other collision was between the
steamer South Portland and the pilot
boat Lady Mine. The boat was chafed a
little and had her rigging damaged, but a
few dollars will pay for the necessary re
pairs. The South Portland arrived from
Departure Bay with a cargo of coal, and
was hove to off Meiggs wharf awaiting
the Custom-house officer. She got across
the tide, and before Captain Hall could
get her straightened up again she ranged
alongside the Lady Mine. By skillful
handling the South Portland was got
away with a minimum of damage.
The Hawaiian bark Himalaya, which
left here September 3 for Melbourne,
Australia, had a very rough trip across.
Heavy weather accompanied by a nasty
cross sea was encountered. One of the
seas that broke aboard carried away half
the deck load of lumber, two of the
water tanks and the bulwarks,
and did other damage. The Himalaya
carried from here 573,575 feet of lumber
and a small general cargo, all of which
was valued at $31,312.
The ship Alexander Gibson sailed yes
terday for New York with a very valu
able cargo. In all she has 6200 tons of
general merchandise aboard. Nearly all
of it is California products, all of which
are in great demand in the Eastern mar
ket. There is a large consignment of
wine among the Gibson's cargo, some of
which is the finest vintage that has ever
left the port. Captain Holmes, who take 3
the Gibson around the Horn, is the oldest
and best posted shipmaster afloat. He ex
pects to make a good run to the Horn,
and If he has his usual luck in rounding
the cape hopes to make New York in
about 110 days. '
There are no ships to carry goods to
Honolulu and the merchants and shippers
are in a quandary. Nearly the entire
fleet •of sugar boats is detained at the
islands waiting for sugar and In conse
quence there is nothing to carry the thou
sands of tons of freight now awaiting
shipment. Yesterday the E. B. Sutton.
which arrived here from Philadelphia on
the 7th inst., was put on the berth and
will take a full cargo to Honolulu. Should
the quarantine \>¥ raised by the time she
reaches the islands and is discharged, she
will load sugar for Philadelphia.
The Mall Company's steamer Newport
sailed for Panama and way ports yester
day with a very large cargo. The com
pany has started a rate war and succeed
ed in getting some freight away from
the Kosmos Company's steamer Volum
nia. which is due here next Wednesday
from IJamburg, via South and Central
American ports. This fact does not worry
the Kosmos people, however, as their
steamer will be packed with every ounce
of merchandise she can carry leaving
here.
11. F. McMullin, formerly chief engineer
of the Rio de Janeiro, went out as chief
engineer of the Newport, vice H. W.
Dixon, who will remain ashore for a few
trips.
Lauterries' shipyard at Sausalito Is no
more. The owners of the property have
refused to renew the lease, so the old
place Is being torn down and removed
piecemeal. Lauterries was known to
every yachtsman on the bay and they are
all wondering where the old man will
relocate himself.
As predicted, the old bark Ferris S.
Thompson has been libeled not only by
the Western Union Telegraph Company,
but also by Gray & Mitchell, charterers
of the steamer Homer. The Thompson
went to Puget Sound under a "lump
sum" charter to bring down a quantity
of telegraph poles. Finding he would
have to make three trips in order to
handle the consignment, Captain Murk re
fused to have anything to do with the
Job and went to Port Blakeley. where he
loaded lumber for San Francisco. On his
way into port he got In the "Potato
Patch." where he lost tha vessel's anchor
and chain. The Homer came along and
towed the Thompson out of her dangerous
position and into port. The Western Union
hod to charter another vessel to go after
the telegraph poles and it has libeled
the bark for the difference in the charter
money and damages. . Gray & Mitchell
libel the bark for salvage.
Alex. Gibson Starts for New York With a Valuable Cargo.
BUSINESS AFFAIRS OF CITY, STATE AND COAST
TO PAY CLAIMS
OF MERCHANTS
AND TEACHERS
Result of Important
Conference.
»
LONG LITIGATION WILL CEASE
•
AUDITOR WEIXS AND SCHOOL
BOARD TAKE ACTION.
Ster» were taken yesterday at an !m
rortart conference In tha Auditor's office
to put an end to the expensive litigation
In which the teachers and merchants have
l^en ci;££ged for the past year over the
question as to whose demands shall tako '
precedence. As a consequence the claims
of the merchants, aggregating nearly
I •'.'.. and about 50 per cent of the unpaid
teachers' salaries for the month of No
vember, 1898, will be paid out of the
school apportionment of the moneys re
cently collected as collateral Inheritance
tajcea.
There were present at the conference
Auditor Wells. Chairman Mark, Directors
Casserly and Denman of the Board of E-d
ucation, Messrs. Creswell and Olney, at
torneys for the teachers, and General
Dickinson, the Auditor's attorney.
It was stated at the outset of the meet
ir.g that a decision in the suit of the mer
chants against Auditor Wells enjoining
htm from signing teachers' demands was
expected coon, and it was the opinion cf
tho attorneys present that the injunction
would in all probability be dissolved. In
that event It was decided to pay tho
ciaims of the merchants involved in the
puit. thus leaving $52,000 out of the funds
available which the Auditor will pay out
pro rata toward satisfying the teachers'
demands for November, IS9S, amounting
to J34.000. This will allow the teachers
about £5 per sent of their claims. As fast
as other moneys are turned over by the
State to the city from Inheritance tax
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICO, Jan. 18.— The second annual
meeting of the Pacific Retail Hardware
Association helds its final session here
to-day. The meetings were held In the
commodious Knights of Pythias Hall and
were attended by practically the entire
membership numbering something over
sixty of the leading hardware dealers of
Northern California. The work accom
plished by the association during the past
year ' was reviewed In executive session
during the first day and such details at
tended to as the year's experience had
shown expedient. An election of officers
for the ensuing year was held and the fol
lowing named gentlemen were unani
mously chosen to direct the affairs of the
association:
President, John C. White of White,
Cooley & Cutts, Marysville; vice presi
dent, Oscar C. Schulze of Epplnger &
Co., Dixon; secretary, Robert W. Boyd
of Hampton Hardware Company, Marys
ville; treasurer, W. M. Earll of Hubbard
& Earll, Chico. These, with George A.
Legg of Legg & Shaw, Nevada City, and
G. A. Guttman of Hockhelmer & Co..
Germantown, constitute the executive
committee.
To-day's session was devoted to a con
ference with the manufacturers and job
bers of San Francisco, Sacramento and
Marysville, and many matters of mutual
interest were introduced and thoroughly
discussed and considered. Various re
quests were made of tho manufacturers
and jobbers' with reference to receiving
prompt Information as to changes in price
and other matters of detail, the reason
ableness and justice of which were im
mediately recognized and cheerfully ac
quiesced in.
By request of the retail association the
matter of the suit now pending before
" the Interstate Commerce Commission was
then brought up for consideration" and
fully discussed. Much satisfaction was
expressed by the members of the associ
ation at the opportunity afforded them
of hearing the merits of this case ex
plained from the standpoint of the coast
Jobbers and manufacturers, and many
material questions were asked and dis
cussion indulged in by the members, gen
erally developing the fact that they had
evidently given much thought to the
question of the advisability of reducing
the existing differentials between carload
and less than carload shipments, which is
the principal contention between the Job
bers of the coast and those of St.
Louis and Chicago. The following reso
lution was unanimously adopted:
Whereas, We recognize that the Interests of
the producing, manufacturing and commercial
communities, both wholesale and retail, of the
Pacific Coast are bo lndissolubly bound to
gether and dependent upon one another that
any condition which works a hardship upon
one of these interests must necessarily, either
directly or Indirectly, bring hardship upon the
others; therefore, be It
Resolved, That we, the Pacific Retail Hard
ware Association, In convention assembled, do
hereby express our satisfaction with the pres
ent existing transcontinental railway tarlfl
principles and conditions Into this State and
desire to place on record our satisfaction with
the differentials and schedules that have been
In effect Blnce June, 1888, and that this asso
ciation will do Its best to uphold these dif
ferentials and trust the efforts of the manu
facturers and wholesale merchants of the coast
will be successful In maintaining them.
The meeting was attended by a large
number of the manufacturers and Jobbers
of San Francisco and Sacramento.
A banquet was given at the Park Hotel
In the- evening by the Chlco members of
the retail association, attended by the
entire membership of that organization,
the Jobbers and manufacturers and somo
of the representative citizens of Chlco.
The utmost good feeling prevailed and
the guests left unanimous in their praise
of the hospitality tendered by the people
of Chico.
FAVOUR PRESENT
DIFFERENTIALS
¦
Action Taken by Hard
ware Dealers.
«
CLOSE OF THE CONVENTION
OFFICERS ELECTED FOR THE
ENSUING YEAR.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DANIEL WEBSTER-BY DR. HART OF HARVARD
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
GREAT AMERICAN STATESmEN.
Contributors to this course: Professor Albert Eushnell Hart. Professor John Each Mc-
Master, Professor Charles H. Smith. Dr. Frederic W, Sotirs, Froiessor Andrew C. ilc-
Lauzhlin and others.
XIV. DANIEL WEBSTER.
"No man can be as great as he looks,"
was the comment made upon Webster by
an Englishman who met him for the first j
time. The remark was a prophecy as |
well as a characterization, for great as j
was . Daniel Webster, he did not fill up j
the measure of his own capacities.
Born in 1752. in the backwoods of New i
Hampshire, throughout his life Webster
had the advantage of associating with
men of power. Like Salmon P. Chaso
and Thaddeus Stevens, who also were
brought up In the New England hill
country, he found an intellectual stimulus j
In the country folk and in the little col- i
lege which he attended. From childhood up j
people loved him, admired him and fa- j
vored him; he easily got into one of the j
best law offices in Boston and had the j
friendship and professional rivalry of the
great Jeremiah Mason of New Hamp
shire. Thenceforth he associated freely
with the most intellectual and hlghly
trained men of his epoch, and throughout
most of his life he combined laborious
public duties with a lucrative private
practice of the law.
The first period of Webster's public
service brought out at once his skill as a
parliamentarian and his ability as a
pleader. From 1813 to ISI7 he was a
member of the House of Representatives
at Washington and distinguished himself
by his unyielding opposition to Madison's
administration and to the war of 1812; he
was one of the Federalists who refused to
vote men or money for what they be
lieved to be an unjust war. In 191S, when
only 26 years old, he made his most fa
mous argument before the Supreme Court
—that on the celebrated Dartmouth Col
lege case. The principle which he argued
and which the court sustained was that a
State could not revoke the charter of a
corporation, if once granted without re
striction; and he thus had a great part
in establishing a most important pillar of
our present system of constitutional law.
Webster re-entered Congress In 1523, and
during .the remaining thirty years of his
life he was never out of the public serv
ice for more than a few months; and he
came forward as the greatest orator in
a period of eloquence and as the cham
pion of the principle of nationality. Ma
jestic in presence, with a countenance
bold and commanding, a voice which vi
brated like the peals of diminishing thun
der, perfectly self-possessed, his words
springing together with power and sweet
ness, no wonder that thousands crowded
together to hear him epeak. Web
ster began his career as an orator In a
time when the tradition of the eloquence
of the revolution was still strong, when
many living men had been swept off their
feet by a torrent of Patrick Henry's dis
connected rhetoric; yet Webster was al
ways a natural and conversational
speaker, never depending for his effects
upon a climax of striking words thrown
together into an Impassioned appeal; dis
trusting effects of voice and gesture, but
irresistible in the appeal of his tremen
dous nature to lesser minds. He was an
orator of the modern school, which re
quires easy, persuasive, almost conversa
tional manner, but he reinforced his ease
with a power and intensity which carried
all before It.
The greatest test of Webster's genius as
an orator was his parliamentary duel with
Hayne of South Carolina, in IS3O. Every
schoolboy knows how upon an innocent
little resolution as to the public lands
there arose the most Interesting constitu
tional debate in American history, and.
how Webster. In January, IS3O prefaced
his speech with his famous simile: "When
a mariner has been tossed for many days
in thick weather and on an unknown aea
he naturally avails himself of the fir?t
pause In the storm, the earliest glance of
the sun, to take his latitude and ascertain
how far the elements have driven him
from his true course." In reality, Hayne
was only a sort of stalking horse; the man
whom Webster was attacking sat as pre
siding officer of the Senate; It was John
C. Calhoun, Vice President of the United
States. The speech was in reality a reply
to Calhoun's doctrine of nullification,
which that wily statesman had a few
months before set forth In what was
called the "South Carolina exposition."
What Webster sought was an opportu
nity to meet and to refute the doctrine
that the Union and the exercise of na
tional powers were subject to tne will of
individual States. Webster wa3 not the
only man to see that the Union was what
was t.fterward called an "indestructible
union of imperishable States"; his service
was, by the power of his splendid ora
tory, his clear-cut thought, his high pa
triotism, to express the national feeling
which was conscious of Itself, yet unable
to give a reason for its being.
"\» c are affected by such statements
much as was the gentleman who went to
hear "Hamlet" for the first time, and
thought it was "too full of quotatioi.s. '
Webster's doctrine Is the everyday doc
trine now, but in 1830 It was denied by
Calhoun and by a large school of South
ern and even Northern statesmen; and
Webster put It into a form where school
children can learn it by heart and yet
where the most renowned constitutional
lawyers are glad to borrow his argument.
Webster did not save the Union, but he
taught the Irresistible argument for union
which has been repeated until it is ac
cepted by all parties and by all sections.
' | Three years later Calhoun was free tc
I express his own mind, and he entered the
i lists against the Massachusetts Senator
. In defense of the same doctrine of nulli
, fication. and again Webster pointed out
with all the force of his marvelous logic
the abyss Into which nullification would
* plunge the country. "Sir. those who es
pouse the doctrine of nullification reject,
t as it seems to me, the first great principle
r of all republican legislation— that is. that
, the majority must govern."
Shortly after these two debates parti«>«
' where reconstituted, and Webster, by his
c natural preference, found himself a mem
t ber of the Whig organization, to whirr
> he adhered, with some intervals of inde
• dependency, throughout his life. Ir
IS4O Harrison was elected the first Whig
President, and his choice for Secretary of
State fell upon Webster. His principal
service to the President was to revise the
inaugural atluress and to cut out the old
fashiontd classical allusions.
By this time the question of slavery,
and especially of the extension of slave
territory, had come to be the most im
portant controversy beforo the public, and
during the years from 1542 to ISJ|> Webster
was compelled to take ground. It was hi 3
natural instinct to di.sliKe slavery; he had
protested against the opening up of tho
Missouri Territory to slavery in 1S1D; he
had anathematized the New Englandera
who still found a profit in the illicit slave
trade; he had early declared. "I regard
domestic slavery as one of the greatest
evils, both moral and political;" he op
.posed the annexation of Texas, and de-
Vrecated tho Mexican war. On the other
hand, he never had any sympathy with
the abolitionists, or even with ardent ami
persistent anti-slavery men like John
Quincy Adams, and when the question
came to a head in the campaign of ISIS
he faltered, and a few month 9 later raado
his best-known, tho\igh not his best,
speech.
There are but two days in American his
tory which tell their own story without
explanation— the Fourth of July and the
7th of March— and the latter of these two
days marks Webster's deliberate and final
speech upon slavery. Senator Chase
wrote to his friend Sumner on that very
day: "Va! Va! Masachusetts has spoken,
and such a speech! Nothing proposed—
nothing apparently though! of but abso
lute and unconditional surrender. Will
not Faneuil Hall thunder once more?"
There was some reason in the violent
feeling of the anti-slavery people toward
Webster, for they had hoped that, with
out adopting their principle of eternal
war upon slavery, he might take tha
ground that the time had come at last to
limit the hated Institution within tho
boundaries of the then slave-holding
States. It was not enough for him to de
clare! "I would not take pains uselessly
to reaffirm an ordinance of nature nor to
re-enact a law of God." Chaso asked,
pertinently: "What else should lawmak
ers do than to reaffirm the ordinances of
God?" Many extreme abolitionists in
sisted that Webster wa3 bidding for
Southern votes in the convention of ISSC.
'itae charge is unnecessary. Webster
sincerely loved the Union, and nowhere
in his writings is there a more noble
apostrophe to the Union, a more stren
uous arraignment of secession, than in
this very speech. The real difficulty
which affected his whole character and
life was a lack of comprehension of the
moral issue, a lack oi understanding of
the danger to the Union from the contin
uance of slavery. He was not one of those
who lay awake nights in indignation at
the arrogance of the slave power, or the
national humiliation of slavery. The tor
rent of denunciation he met with the story
of tJ»e old farmer who refused to clear the
paths because "he did not mean to clear
off the snow until it stopped snowing."
Webster could not understand that the
snow of criticism would never cease fall
ing until it had become a glacier which
should grind to powder the apparently
indestructible rock cf slavery.
Webster was, with ail nis mcuviauai
power, a man extremely susceptible to
influence; throughout his life he had been
accustomed to receive from time to time
the financial aid of the rich New Eng
land Whig?, and there is a story of a
Boston gentleman who was visited by one
of the too frequent canvassers tor a fund
to pay off Daniel Webster's debts. He
generously subscribed $1000. and when in
due time he was reminded of his pledsa
he turned in a note of hand for JWuo.
signed by the great man. The collector
Insisted that he could not pay Daniel
Webster's debts with Daniel \\ ebster s
notes and the subscriber was compelled
to relinquish a second $1000 in clear cash.
The truth is that Webster occupied the
position of a public man whose ultimata
support was the subscriptions of fellow
countrymen, and it was inevitable that
his own comfort and peace of mind should
seem to him of large importance; on the.
other hand, he could not help being insen
sibly affected by what he knew to be tha
opposition of his warm friends, the "Cot
ton Whigs" of New England. They de
sired a compromise and thought the con
cession that slavery might go into new
territory a small affair in comparison with
harmony between the sections. Webster
reflected the views of these honest and
patriotic but mistaken men; had he been,
at this time a sun siiinlng by hi 3 own
light instead of a cold, reflective moon,
how much more splendid would be tia
reputation! He persuaded himself that it
was in his power to save the Union by in
ducing his friends to vote for the compro
mise, and having reached that conclusion
he was doubtless pleased to ste that sav
ing the Union was a good road to tho
Presidency. His attitude was not so much
wrong as feeble; where was the Web
¦Ster who had confronted the whole might
of nullification oratory? Where was the
Webster who had bearded the great An
drew Jackson? Where was the Webster
who had defied his own party and asked
them a3 the most serious question -of
their lives. "Where am I to go?" Whera
was the Webster who had combated tho
annexation of Texas? Had he possessed
the convictior.3 of John Quincy Adams,
or even the shrewd farsight of William
H Sewarti, he would have placed him
self at the head of the opposition to the
ext nsion of slavery; he would have be
gun the work Abraham Lincoln was t->
take up. and he would have gone down to
posterity as a hero who dared anything
for his principles.
Yet nothing can take away from Web
ster the palm of a greatness all his own.
for he was advocate, statesman, diplo
matist and orator all in one. Ho wanted
to be President, surely a worthy ambition;
he rendered an Inestimable service to h!a
country in his steadfast advocacy of na
tionality. His fault was that his vision
became" obscured. Had he possessed the
firmness of Washington or the devotion
to principle of Abraham Lincoln he might
have stood next to them in the Valhalla
of American statesmen. And if we must
rank him lower than Jefferson, lower than
Hamilton, lower than Marshall, yet hi*
spirit might sny of himself, as Dar.te
said when he found himself amid the gal
axy of ancient popts. "And I iraa sixth
in "all that misht of mind."
Harvard University,
Kanara, India, claims a larger falls
than Niagara's, a clear drop of 830 t *%L
ORIGINAL GUATEMALA LOTTERY.
The following are the numbers of the principal
prizes drawn on the ISth day of January, 1900,
of the Original Guatemala Lottery: No. 74364,
$4000; No. 39423, $1500; No. 46837, T 7»0; No. 23181,
$250. •
Opposed to the Railroad.
At a meeting of the Sunnyside Im
provement Club last night Gustav Schnee
offered a resolution reminding the Mayor
and Supervisors of the pledge given by
them previous to their election to the ef
fect that, if elected, they would use their
influence to have the steam railroad line
which runs through the Mission discon
tined. The resolution was adopted.
A. P. Black has taken law offlcc3 In tho
Mills building, seventh floor, rooms 16-21 •
AMUSEMENTS.
Every Night. Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY. .
LOUIS JAMES.
KATHRYN KIDDER,
CHARLES B. HANFORD
Ac* a Ccs.-any cf 87 People la the Magnificent
Euccess,
THE WINTER'S TALE.
Eeg. MONDAY, 2d Week or the
3AMES-KIDDER-HAKFORD COMBINATION.
MONDAY... ."THE SCHOOL FOP. SCANDAL"
Next 4 Nights "THE WINTER'S TALE"
Saturday Matinee "HAMLET"
Eat. Eve. .-MACBETH." Eun.... "OTHELLO"
SEATS NOW SELLING.
ONLY 3 TIMES ICOBE OF
The Delichtfully Charming Comedy,
THE cUUNT^SS OUCKI.
The Best Production Yet Given by the FRAVT-
LEY COMPANY.
Aed Stow Coses ttt ITMUEST OF THEM ALL.
*'lIN PfIRADISE."
Genuinely French. Commencing EUXDAY
Night, and All of the Week. Excepting
Monday Night Next. Matinee
Saturday Only.
EPECUL-Ftrewell Co&e;rt cf tie Peerleti Dirt,
/Vl/VIE. E/Vl/Vlrt NEVADA.
On MONDAY NIGHT NEXT, at 8:30 p. m.
MR. LOUIS RLUMENBERG. 'Cellist.
MR, SELDEX PRATT. Pianist.
Popular Pric-? for Ilepprved Seats — Orchestra,
$1 IC-ti; balcony, SI; e;al!»rj% 50c. Now on sale
at the box office of the California Theater.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Telephone Main 532.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
ERILLIANT VICTORY OF THE NEW COMIC
OPERA.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Delir.srer's Famous Composition.
DON C4ESAR
OF IRUN.
HAILED WITH ENTHUSIASM BY CROWD-
ED HOUSES.
N»st Week— "THE QUEEN'S LACE HAND-
KKRCHIEF."
TPJCES 25c. BOc, 75c
GALLERIES. 10c and 15c.
Good reserved teat in orchestra Saturday
rnatine« 15 cents. Branch ticket offic« Em-
porium.
(THE I'EOPLKS POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH 770.
TO-NIGHT— SATURDAY MATINEE.
FATTniJAY NIGHT LAST PERFORMANCE.
THE F?/*YS f Howllnft Success,
A HOT GLO TIME !
DTTI PATRONS OF LAST NIGHT ARE STILL
DL CHUCKLING WITH JOY.
POPULAR PRICES."
Evenlnt; lEc. Z'>c. 25c. &0c and Tic Matinee. 15c,
£sc. Xc and 60c
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON. THE EVER
POPULAR*
AT - GAT - CONEY - ISLAND.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL
223 SUTTER STREET.
3— SONG RECITALS— 3
Ry tbe Illustrious Soprano.
MLLE. ANTOINETTE
MONDAY EVENING NEXT January 22
THURSDAY EVENING January 25
SXtVSDXT MATINEE.. January 27
PRICES. II CO and U-
FFATS NOW ON KALE AT SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO.-S MUSIC STORE.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING. Jan. 1-25. 1800. Inclusive.
Elx r.ich-claM running races every week <Ujr,
rain or shine, beglnninr at 1:30 p. m.
Tfce ideal winter racetrack cf America. Pa-
trens «*>p directly from the railroad c*n Into
«. superb grand etand, glees-enclosed, where
comfortably housed In bad weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains l<-av« Third and Townsend streets at
»:'», 10:«0 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:15. 12:35. 12:»«
•nd l:2i p. m.. returning immediately after
Uet race at 4 .45 p. m. Rear cars reserved for
• omen and their etcorts. No tsinoklne. Valen-
cia *trt-ct 10 minutes later.
Kan Jo*«> and way ptatioos. Arrive at San
Bruno fat 12:* l p. m. Leave Ean Bruno at 4:00
and 4 <". p. •!..
Rates: Ban Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track, fl 2S.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. 11. GHEEX. Secretary and Mantser.
JOHNSON FRUIT
CANNERIES DEAL
MATERIALIZING
One Plant Bought as a
Starter.
STREET IS FULL OF RUMORS
NEW CAN-MAKING PLANT MAY
BE A FACTOR.
Rumors about the local fruit canners
and the cannery Interest in general took
on new life yesterday. The negotiations
of "Frank S. Johnson in the East would
seem to have borne some fruit. It is a
fact that Mr. Johnson has bought a can
nery since his return to this city. This
he admitted yesterday, but refused to say
which carinery it was that had come un
der his management.
N "I have four brand? of fruit under my
control," he said, "but I do not think it
best to say what they are. Neither will
I say which cannery I have, for the mat
ter is confidential for the time being. I
know that there is a great curiosity about
the matter on the street, but those who
are curious will have to wait for a little."
That there is curiosity on the street is
true. One story was that the Code-Port
wood 'cannery was the one in question,
but this was denied absolutely at the office
of that concern. Mr. Johnson was re
oorted to have made an offer for the prop
erty also an offer for the plant of the
Pacific Fruit Packing Company, which is
on Stockton street. At the offices of the
combined canneries no information was
obtained. All along California street "the
idea was entertained that a deal of con
siderable size was in progress, but all the
canners denied that they knew anything
a On top of the other rumors came the
seemingly well authenticated story that
Fastern capitalists had sent forward an
agent to see what could be done to estab
lish a can manufacturing plant here. This
created even more interest than the
stories about the deal in canneries. One
reason was that the present can manufac
turing plants in this vicinity are supposed
to be giving an advantage to the score of
canning companies commonly known as
"the combine." Another can manufac
turing plant would Indicate still further a
struggle in the local field and also a be
lief that the field was rich. Ther6 is no
doubt that the can plant i 8 talked of and
under consideration and may soon be a
reality Two or three canners, hearing of
the talk about a new can manufactory,
said, "That is just what we want."
The difficulty in picking out the can
nery which has been bought by Mr. John
son was made considerable by the number
that are not combined. In the array 'are
the California Canneries Company, lim
ited which is now engaged in an enlarge
ment of its plant and an extension of its
business: the Code- Portwood cannery, the
Golden Gate of San Jose, I- lickinger s of
San Jose, the Overland. Corvell and Pa
cific of this city, Pyle"s of San Jose, Hunt
Brothers of Haywards, Miller & hoskiss
at Healdsburg, the Los Gatos Canning
Company and the canneries at Anaheim
and "Whittler in Southern California, and
also a small cannery at Emeryville.
collections the Auditor will apply th©
moneys so received to the payment of the
remainder of the salaries for November
and also those for December, amounting
to $00,000. In this way the existing dif
ferences between teachers and merchants
will be amicably settled and they will re
ceive their Just dues.
The S.VXM) paid to the merchants will, it
is understood, be added to the $27,000 now
held in trust by the Union Trust Com
pany under an agreement entered into
between the merchants and teachers when
the litigation was first commenced, and
be apportioned under the terms of that
agreement.
Benefit to Ban Hanlon.
The testimonial benefit given last night
to Daniel Edward Hanlon by hi 3 many
friends was a big 1 success. Golden Gate
Hall was well filled. The performance
consisted of a sketch. "The Silent Sys
tem," in which William Ogilvie and May
Sullvan appeared, and there were many
specialties. Mr. Hanlon concluded the
performance with a recital of several
dramatic selections. Kelly and Stone, the
prize cakewalkers, were the feature of
the show.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1900.
AMTJSEMENTS.
A HUGE BILL!
EVERT ACT A HOWLING SUCCESS.
ARTHUR JCELSTOXE and MINXIE ABBEY.
HANSON and NELSON.
MLLE. EMMY and Her Marvelous Foxterri«rs.
HODGES and LAUSCHMERE,
The Beßt Coon Act in the Country.
FRANK COFFIN, the Local Tenor.
ELINORE SISTERS, FRANK LATONA.
CHAB. A. GARDNER. JOHN AND NELLIE
MACARTHY.
Reserved Seats. 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and b^x seats. 60c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"HOOT MON,"SOLD OUT MGHTLY!!
ANOTHER SUPERB TRIUMPH!!
ENORMOUS FUCCESS
Of Frank Daniels- Comic Opera,
THE IDOL'S EYE.
Curtain rises at 8 sharp.
EVERY EVENING. EVERY EVENING.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
Avoid the Crowd. Secure Seats Early! I
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 60 CENTS
TELEPHONE. BUSH 9.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
MATINEE TO-MORROW and SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
Of Oscar Wilde's Beautiful Play,
"LADY
WINDERMERE'S
FAN !"
PRICES 15c. 23c, 35c. BOc
NEXT W/EEK.—
"LORD CHUMLEY."
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
TO-MORROW (SATURDAY) EVENING,
January 9), 19<y>.
"Commis Voyageurs"
MASQUERADE
BALL.
CHUTES ANDJOO.LTi^. 00 '
MAJOR M1TE..... MAJOR MITE
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
ELLA BURT Coasting the Chutes,
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SPECIAL TO-MORROW (Saturday) Night.
The Beit Rounds of the SHARKEY-JEFFRIES
FIGHT. Secretly Taken by Edison at
the Coney Island Rineslde.
Phone for Seats— Park 23.
? »?»?»????» ¦»-¦»¦ ??»???»»»???
:: Palace and ft
:: Grand Hotels I
' ' For nearly a quarter of a century tha 4'4 '
' ' leading hotels on the Pacific Coast. ' '
< > With added improvements and con- f
? veniences they continue to be the head- <>
i quarters for tourists and traveler* vis- <>
Ulcc Ban Francisco. <.
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. o
4 ' -¦ Manacer. +
.»«»»?»?????¦?--»-?»?»???«?»»»
f^- FAVORITE ¦
FOR WEAK WOMEN*.
\M. X. HESS.
HOTARY FCBLIO AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown S3l.
Residence. £21 California st.. below Powell,
Ean Francisco. ' ¦?-.-•¦-. ;
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE. 81J FOLSOM ST.
7CHICAGO, Jan. 18.— The scanty array of
news to-day served its dally purpose of em
phasizing the fact that the supply of wheat
Is away over the present demand. The ses
sion was dull with put and call transactions
eliminated, as per the Board of Trade e"dlct
of yesterda;, with a steady stream of wheat
going out weakened prices save toward the
close. At the opening with Liverpool lower,
crop reports favorable and the Argentine with
an alleged exportable surplus of 72.000.000
bushels. May at 65Vj^C3%c showed a loss over
night of UifSic. A little buying early ad
vanced the market to 65%ig659ic. From that
the price generally sank with occasional fits
of steadiness to 6474 c for May. Near the end
of the session a private cablegram brought
confirmation of the report of damage to the
French crop by frost. Shorts covered and
there was some good buying on the report,
which Influenced an advance of May to Softc,
at which It closed, rather easy In tone.
The corn market had Its usual supply of
supporting news at command, wet weather,
small offerings and steady cable*-but the In
fluence of a weak wheat market was Just
strong enough to hold the price down. May
closed steady, He under yesterday.
The oats market was sluggish. May closing
%c depressed.
Th" significant feature of the provision mar
ket was the dullness of trade. The volume of
business was much smaller than it has been
recently and holders were disturbed by the
fact. May pork closed 10@12%c under yester
day; May lard 6c lower and May ribs 2V4@sc
down. . , „
The leading futures ranged as follow*:
""Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. »—
January 6U4 €2>i 614 62U
May 65% 65% 64% 65^4
July 66«,4 66^ 65^ 66*
Corn No. 2—2 —
January 31 31% 31 3U4
May 33% 33% 33% 33V*
July 34H 34H S3T4 84%
Oats No. 2—
January 22% 22% 22% 22%
May 24 24 23% 24
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 10 60
May 10 95 10 97% 10 80 10 82%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 6 90 5 90 6 80 5 80
May... 6 05 6 05 E 95 5 97%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 5 70' 570 665 665
May 5 52% 6 52% 6 72% 575
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No 3 Spring Wheat, 59%@62c; No. 2 red, 650
66c; No. 2 Corn, 31% c; No. 2 Oats. 23«4@23Hc:
No. 2 White. 25% c; No. 3 White. 25626 c; No. 2
Rye. 62@54c; No. 2 Barley. 38940c ;- No. 1 Flax
Seed, Ji 60; Prime Timothy Seed, »2 60; Mess
Pork, per bbl. 19 25@10 62% ; Lard, per 100 lb»,
S5 72%Q&&&: Short-rib Sides (loose), $5 50@5 80;
Pry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 5%@5%c: Short
Clear Sides (boxed), »5 93@6: Whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gal. U 23%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel* 44,000 32,000
Wheat, bushels 56,000 21,000
Corn, bushels .............225,000 257,000
Oats, bushels 211.000 193.000
Rye. bushels .*. 5,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 45.000 27.000
On the Produce exchange to-day the. Butter
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business was light on the Bond Exchange in
the morning, the only fluctuation being an ad
vance In Paauhau to J2B 37&.
In the afternoon Oceanic sold up to $94.
Gas & Electric has declared a dividend of
S3 cents, which will be s the rate this year.
The 10-ccnt dividend of the Home Oil Com
pany amounts to $10,000 and $5500 has been
carried to the reserve." The company has paid
$100,000 in dividends since June.
The Ontario Mining Company ha* declared a
1 dividend of 30 cents per share for the quarter
ending December 31. It is said that hereafter
only quarterly dividends will be paid.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared the usual -monthly dividend of 60 cents
per share, payable February 1.
The annual meeting of -the stockholders of
the Mutual Savings Bank of San Francisco
took place on the 16th lnst.. 8100 out of 10.0 CO
shares being represented. The following were
elected directors: James D. - Phelan, S. G.
Murphy, John A. Hooper, " James Moffitt,
Charles S. Neal, Frank J. Sullivan. Robert
McElroy,' Joseph D. Grant and James M. Mc-
Donald. - The new board organized by electing
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. IS.— The 6tock market
conditions showed no marked change from
those prevailing for some time pact and gen
eral las-situde was the < haracteristic. One or
two railroad »tocks reflected a fair demand,
notably th* Norfolk and Western issues and
Union Pacific*. The Baltimore and Ohio stacks
were also bought in moderate volume. Yes
terday's movement in Leather, from which
speculators hoped ' the market would receive
•n impulse, dwindled av.ny and profit-taking
dpprew-ed the price. Sugar was advanced In
a desultory manner durinr the early part of
the day. but in the afternoon broke over five
jvjint* from the top level and unsettled the
whole rnarktt. Covering by the bear* in Sugar
end the late demand for Union Pacific stiffened
the market again and served to retrieve a part
of the <5«-rlln«'S. making the close firm and the
net changes mixed. There was a very marked
absorption of new ar.d reorganization bonds.
which hervf-d as a background to the strength
of the whole market for Bt-curities. The un
dertone was unmistakably firm and in npite of
the very lifiht demand there was no pressure
to m? 11 ntorks. The further reduction in the
Bank of Knrland'F private rate of discount
and the weekly return of the bank served to
confirm confidence In the money outlook. The
rtrength In London on thl* score and on the
hopes ensender^d by the meaner news from
{south Africa causes some reflected rtrength
In th* New York Htock market. Surpluses
continue to accumulate in New York both "by
reason of the influx of money from the in
terior and the <i«-t>osit of Internal revenue col
lections with the banks and extraordinary gov
erntr^nt disbursements Jty the sub-treasury on
nccoW.t of penelor?. The stock market demand
for money on call continuing very light funds
s.re pressing mxc and more for employment
Jn time loan?, which are quoted as low aa
4hi per cent on ell railroad stock collateral.
Extraordinary loans are even reported at 4
per cent and mercantile paper of a high grade
ie coming into additional demand at !, per
cent. To-day's strong undertone in stocks was
emphasized by the good reports received dur
ing the day «>f railroad earnings for the sec
ond week in January. The hardening tendency
of sterling exchange is viewed with tranquillity
because the Bank of England ha« withdrawn
It* concessions on gold exports, thus raising
the gold export point for exchange consider
ably above that at which gt>ld has recently
crone out.
The Improved demand for bonds la & natural
result from the cheapened rates for money and
the pressure of capital for productive em
rlovment. Business was falny well distributed
and advanced quite uniformly. Total sales,
par value. $3,253,000. ," :
United States 3s and old 4s advanced H, and
new 4s (coupon) declined »4 in the bid price. ,
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Share* C1 ?f. 1 I lz
Sold Stocks- Bd
I.I'JO Atchison "*?
1.770 Atchlson. prefd 60%
2.545 Baltimore & Ohio SSH
Canadian Pacific 93V2
Canada Southern 48
3,655 Chesapeake & Ohio 30^4
1.700 Chicago Great Western 12}»
6,::o Chicago Burlington & Quincy 121
525 Chicago Ind & Louisville 16
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 45
Chicago &. Eastern Illinois 85
ECO Chicago & Northwestern 161*4
1,320 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 106
633 C O C &. St Louis 60%
50"} Colorado Southern &H
312 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
Colorado Southern 2d preid 15
Delaware & Hudson 115
Delaware Lack & Western 174
Denver Ac Hio Grande Vi\
$20 Denver &. Rio Grande prefd 6»'/»
Erie 11
750 Erie Ist prefd 32 % j
Great Northern prefd IS4
Hooking Coal 14%
Hocking Valley 31V*
361 Illinois Central U3^i
200 lowa Central 11 s *
lowa Central prefd 49
Kansas City I'ittsburg &. Gulf SVi
Lake Eric & Western 22
Lake Erie A: Western urtfd S3li
Lake Shore 191
3,950 Louisville & Nashville S'»%
4.535 Manhattan L Wi j
1.529 Metropolitan Street Railway 1«4 |
400 Mexican Central 10vi
Minneapolis <t St Louis tS
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd W)
L6OO Missouri Pacific 4)
Mobile Si Ohio 41
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
Missouri Kansas & Texaa prefd 32
New Jersey Central , 115
1,037 New York Central 134
12.433 Norfolk & Western 25i;
I.EIO Norfolk & Western preid if\.
S,3iO Northern Pacific ll\ I
400 Northern Pacific prefd 74
600 Ontario & Western 21H I
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oreson Hallway & Nay prefd 76
3.16-) Pennsylvania 12ST4
250 Reading 17V 2
t-.-j Reading Ist prefd 50
400 Reading 2<J prefd ibVi
Rio Grande Western 34
Rio Grande Western prefd El j
300 St Louis & San Fran <t\% \
Xt Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 67
St Luuis &. San Fran 2d prefd 32"4 ]
300 St Louis Southwestern J'»Vs :
l.'V- St Louis Southwestern prefd 2ti
6,v25 St Paul 117>i
165 St I'aul prefd 16a
St 1 aul i Omaha 116
U.KS Southern Pacific 37 7 »
I.oiK> Southern Railway 11»* '
255 Southern Railway prefd C 4», I
200 Texas & Pacific 15>4
14.225 Union Pacific 4~U
4.055 Union Pacific prefd 75
Wabash 7
200 Wabash prefd 20
350 Wheeling & Lake Erie 94
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 27
100 -IVUconsiu Central IS j
Express Comjjanies-^
....... Adams ...••.•••••....•.. 114
100 American 143
United States 46
Wells-Furgo 122 ]
Miscellaneous —
600 American Cotton Oil 23%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd. SO
160 American Malting 6'i
400 American Malting prefd 2fi>,
1.810 Amer Smelting & Refining S"H
BSB Amer Smelting & Refining prefd feS
American Spirits 2
....... American SDirlts crefd 17
American Steel Hoop 41%
235 American Steel Hoop prefd El
1,735 American Steel & Wire 46H j
600 Ameican Steel & Wire prefd i$ I
American Tin Plate 2S !
American Tin Plate prefd EIV4 !
20,460 American Tobacco s»i%
American Tobacco prefd. 33
Anaconda Mining Co 40 i
19.5*.0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 69H
2.4C0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43H
640 Continental Tobacco 32'y*
Continental Tobacco prefd 84
8,775 Federal Steel 60»4
121 Federal Steel rrefd 73
100 General Electric 122
100 Glucose Sugar *<s%
Glucose Sugar prefd 97
600 International Paper 22\i
International Paner prefd CGii
100 Larlede Gas 73
National Biscuit x>*i
215 National Biscuit prefd f-o^4
1.100 National Lead «(;£
National Lead prefd 1 104^
National Steel 41
National Steel prefd «
New Tork Air Brake 13(>
I,*SO North American 1374
600 Pacific Coast 61H
Pacific Coast first rrefd S3
¦ Pacific Coast second prefd €4Vi
3.420 Paciflp Mail 4314
2.675 Peonle'* Gas 103
Pressed Steel Car 58
I'r^Fsed Steel Car prefd S7\
Pullman Palace Car 1&8
Standard Rope & Twine 9
57,373 Sugar 113U
Sugar r>refd '. lisu
116 Tennessee Coal & Iron R3
1J.4:,5 Vnlted States Leather 17%
4<v> United States Leather prefd ... 75
120 United States Ruhber 40%
United States Rubber prefd 101
Western Union $cs;
Republic Iron & Steel 2flii
t 233 Kepuhiic Iron & Steel prefd 64«
1 P n C & Et Louis 78
- 272.6C0 Shares sold.
r CLOSING BONDS.
J u . s V- reg 102^N J Cen ren 65..115H
1 do 3 » IW\ No Carolina 6s ...127
« do coup no&i! do 4s io«
do new 4s reg ...133 INo Pac lsta ... 110
, do coup mm do 3s '. 66
do old 4s reg....H4Hl do 4s 103*
I J; 0 J? OU P 114"*!N YC& St L 48.105$
S do r,s reg 113 .Sort & W con 4*. 83%
f J° c . oup 113 l/ * ! ao P« 6* 13OU
£ Dls of Col 3.655... 20 Or Nay Ist* ... no
* Atchlßon gen 45... 99*4' do 4s \OVi
\ D d£ 4RB4 R 8 G .. lit '.:::::\ 0 sv st do > £ * Pac tat --JB*
t ETVa & Ga lsts.lol>ySo Ry 6s"!!! 107
~ Erie gen 4« 69H S Rope &. T 6s si
* Ft W & D C Ist... 72 ITenn new set 3s!!' 84V4
1 Gen Elec Es 117 ,Tex & Pac Ist* 11'
° G H & S A 6*.. ..108 do 2ds h
c do tds 105 Union Pac 4s ..'.\'"lo4
* HA T C Ss 110 IWaba.h Ist* ... .mvi
h do oon 6s 110 do 2<3s .... 101
. lowa Cen lsts .....110 West Shore 4s "mv
" X C P& G l*ti.... CSH!Wis Cent lsts ""."sTi
. ca new con 4s....l('«H|Va cent gs
. L & Nach unl 4*.. VPA\ do deferred .!!!' 6
. M X & T 2ds CSHCoIo & Sou 4* rs
n do 4s KSViiSou Pac 4s S2\4
i I N V Cen let* ....10SV *
» MINING STOCKS.
t Chollar 1 oS:Ontarlo 175
¦ Crown Point 07 Ophir *' A
'• Con Cal &Va 1 35' Plymouth ns
* Deadwood 60 Quicksilver ... 150
c Gould & Curry IS; Do prefd 7 w
r Hale &. Norcros*.. 33 Sierra Nevada . 36
* Hoir.ertake 60 00 Standard 253
'" Iron Silver 65Un!on Con 22
! " Mexican 26 Tellow Jacket IS
* y BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
n Money— ]West End '.'. 92
g Call loans S3N>|Westlngh Elec ... 40.;
•- Time loans 5@6 Dom Coal n»^
y Stocks— do prefd H5
Atchison 19% Bonds—
U do preid 60% Atchlsoa <s ES
Stmr Point Arena. Haosen. 15 hour* fron*
City. Stockfleth. M hour, fronv
Etmr MJickinaw. Uttlefleld. 85 hour* tron»
e stmrAberdeen. Higgln*. TT hour* fm Astoria.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. 48 hours from Coo« Bay,
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 27 hour* from Mon
tBr y * - CLEARED.
Thursday, January IS.
Btmr Newport. Saunders. Panama, etc; £» H
StmAroo* Bay, Gielww, Ban Pedro; GoodaJl.
Persklns & Cos '•
Stmr Pomona. Parsons^ Eureka,; Ooodall, Per-
Br shlD'otterspooL Reid. Queenstown; Gtr-
VIQ & **"' SAILED.
Thursday. January tt.
Btmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Samoa. Dunham. Eureka.
Stmr NewDort, Saunders, Panama, #ta. t
Br itmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Nanaimo.
Ship Alex Gibson. Holmes. New York.
Schr Conflanza. Christensen, Coqulll* Rlt*t,
Schr Barbara Hernster. LJndben. Fort
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetxel. Bowen* Land
lnC ' TELEGRAPHIC
POINT IiOBOS— Jan IS, 1» p a»— Wa*t&«3
hazy; wind NB; velocity S miles.
SPOKEN.
Dec to— l 4 S S3W, Br ship Cypromen*. b«nc«i
Aug 16 for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MELBOT7KNE. Jan 18— Haw baric Himalaya.
at this Dort from San Francisco Seotember 3,
encountered heavy seas; half of deck cargo
carried away with two water tanks: part ot
topgallant bulwarks and othar (Jamaica*.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr City of T»«
peka. from Skaguay.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Progress, ha
Jan 13.
Sailed 1 Jaa 17— Bark Lerl O Burresa. for Sax»
Francisco.
PORT TOWNBEND- Sailed Jaa IT— Br bark*
Dominion, for Taooma.
OLYMPIA — Sailed Jan IS— Schr Joseph Rusa,
for San Pedro.
SEATTLE)— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Cfcas Nel
son, hence Jan 14.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr SunoL he»
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan IS— Farallon. tor
* TACOMA— Sailed Jan IS— Schr Glendale. for
San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Jan ;s— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Cleone, hno«
'SEATTLE— Sailed Jan IS— Bktn Portland, for
Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Signal, hence Jan 12.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan IS— Bark Harry Morsei.
for San Francisco. .-,,.„
COOS BAY— Barbound Jan 18— Stmr Empire.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 18— Stmrs North Fork
and I^iella. for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan IS— Schr
Archie and Fontie. hence Jan 7.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 13— Br bark Dominion,
from Port Townsend.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan IS— Schr Jas A Gar
field, hence Jan 10. not going out.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Noy«%
Sailed Jan IS— Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran-
CISC °' EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— CIeared Jan 17— Shin Edward
Ewall. for San FrancUco.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared Jan 17— Stmr lira-.
waddy. for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Alliance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAlMO— Arrived Jan 17— Haw itmr Sani
Mnteo. from Port Los Angeles.
: HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 17— Ja:> itmr
America Maru. hence Dec 21.
Sailed Jan 17— Br stmr Empress of India, for
Vancouver.
FA LMOUTH— Sailed Jan 17— Fr bark Jacques,
for Sunderland.
Arrived Jan 17— Ital bark Marie, hence Auk 14.'
AUCKLAND— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Maripo
sa. hence Dec 2S.
GRlMSBY— Arrived Jan 17— Br bark Louden
HIH. henre Auk 13.
IPSWlCH— Arrived Jan IS— Br ship Agnes
Oswald, hence Aus 7.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan IS— Br bark Moer
Elllan. for W#«nnrt.
KUTCH I NOTZr— Sailed Jan IS— Br stmr
Ness, for Portland.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Jan 17— Stmr Acapuleo,
for Panama. Jan 15— Stmr City of Panama, for
Manianillo.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Jan IS— Bark
Rufus E Wood, for Honolulu.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Jan IS— Haw stmr San.
Mateo. for Port Los Anseles.
MANILA— Sailed Jan 13— U S stmr Sherman
for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Curacao for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Salled Jan IS— Stmr La Gas
cogne, for Havre; stmr Wlllehad. for Bremen
LJVERPOOL-Arrtved Jan 13-Stmr IViva
nia, from Boston. r o*^ B
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Jan IS-Stmr Rhvn
land, for Phlladelpht: stmr New England for
Boston: stmr Teutonic, for New York
fcS^w^S" I™*1 ™* Jan f no****.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84>4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables ...•- — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 5»V*
Mexican Dollars — ' 43}fc
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were lower and J
Paris futures higher. The easiness in Liver
pool was caused by liberal offerings of Argen
tine wheat.
Chicago was weaker on depressing cables,
though there were more buyers than sellers
at the decline. Wednesday's buyers sold yes
terday. The bears hammered the market. The
Cincinnati. Price Current I s this Is a favor
able week for wheat, as t... weather continues
wet and unseasonable. Prospects are for higher
corn. Considerable long wheat is coming out
and It looks lewer, though there was consider
able absorbed around 65c.
Futures declined In the local market.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95©96Vic; milling, 91%
<295% c.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May — 4000 ctls,
98- 8000. 9SH. December— lo.ooo, $1 02»4; 2000,
$1 02V4: 12,000, $1 02%.
Second session— May— lB,ooo tcls, 98% c.
Regular morning session— May— 2ooo ctls.
9S'jC.
Second session— May— lS.oOO ctls, 98% c.
BARLEY— Feed Is firm, with sales at the ad
vance. There'la no business on call.
Feed, 75©77V4c for No. 1 and 65®72%c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@S7ftc;
Chevalier, nominal,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning sesslon—^No sales.
Afternoon session — No sales.
OATS— There la nothing doing, offerings
being neglected. White, $1 1001 60: Red.
$1 O7HOI 30; Gray. $1 07%01 17%; Black. 97^c
0U 07%.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 95c@
$1 02 .i per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 050
1 10; mixed. 97%c05l 02%.
RYE— sl®l 06 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $1 tOffl 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra.
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for supernne.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal,
$2 50; Rice Flour; $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; Oat
Groats. $4 60: Hominy, $3 25ft3 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Farina.
$4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60: Rolled Oatu
(barrels), $6<@7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7: Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran has again been advanced 60c, In spite of
larger receipts, as there Is a good shipping de
mand. Hay continues weak and dull.
BRAN— SI 3 50(514 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7if|i2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $14017 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 50ig28; CocoHnut Cake. $20<??21; Cornmeal,
$23"@24; Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 50; Mixed Feed.
$15 60; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY — Wheat, $7 60@8 50 for common to good
and $3@9 50 for choice: Wheat and Oat, $7@3;
Oat. $6 6008: Barley, $5@6 50: Alfalfa. $5@S per
ton ; compressed, $7@lo per ton. '
STRAW— 2SOSOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Firmness still characterizes the Bean
market, as the demand continues.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 25@3 35; small White, $2 90
©3; large White, $2 6002 70; Pinks, $2 2502 7C>:
Reds, $3 5003 75; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters,
nominal; Ltma, $4 60; Pea, $3@3 25; Red Kid
neys. $404 25. ¦.--.¦•
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3ff?3Hc: Yellow Mus
tard, 4@4V4c; Flax, $1 9002 20"; Canary. 3Hc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7@
8e; Rape, 2^l§.3c; Hemp, 4@4>6c; Timothy. 4
©4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 60@l 90; Green. $1 75
€2 50 Der ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.,
The recent heavy arrivals from Oregon are
pretty well cleaned up, though lower quota
tions were found necessary to do It. Onions
are unchanged. Vegetables are quiet and fea
tureless.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85090 c; River Reds.
6o@7[>c; Burbanks. 60085 c per sack; Salinas
Burbanks, $101 25: Oregon Burbanks, 85c0$l 13:
Sweet Potatoes, $1 50@l 60 for Merced.
ONIONS— St 2501 75 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Grrcn Peas. 204 c per lb;
String Beans, 306 c; Cabbage, -40(5 50c; Los An
geles Tomatoes. $l{isl 50; Kgg Plant from Los
Angeles. 10@l2Hc; Dried Okra, 12^c per lb;
Garlic, 6@7c: Green Peppers from Los Angeles,
405 c;" Dried Peppers. ,S@loc: Carrots, 30@40c per
sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 75c05l per
box; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market is almost wholly, bare,
and prices are firm in consequence. ¦ Light re-
celpts from the East this week have helped
the market materially. Game shows no change
worthy of note.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11@12%c for Gob
blers'and Il@l2i4c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 11
@15c; Geese, per pair, $1 75^2; Goslings, $1 75
@2; Ducks.- $4<?G for old and $4@5 for young;
Hens. $1(25; Young Roosters. $4 50@5 SO; Old
Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers, $4 50(35; Broilers, $4
©4 50 for large and $3@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25 per dozen for old and $2 60@3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25®! 50; Mallard. $3 50(34 50;
Canvasback. $3 50@$4: Sprig. $3(f?s3 50: Teal,
$1 T/S<Ql 75; "Widgeon. $2@2 60; Small Duck. $1 50;
Doves, 75c per dozen; Hare. $1 25: Rabbits.
$1 75; Gray Geese. $3 50: White, $150; Brant,
$1 75@2 50; Honkers, $3; English Snipe. $2 50 per
dozen; Jack Snipe. $1 23@1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs continue to shade off, though there Is
less demoralization. Receipts are not heavy,
but buyers do not take hold. Butter and Cheese
are weak, but no lower.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 24@25c; seconds,
22 1 4ff23Hc
Do iry— Fancy, 21c; good to choice. 19®20c:
common. 13@17%c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11',4<3U2c; old, lie;
Young America, 12U#13c; Eastern, 15V4@16c;
Western. ]3<4@<lsc per ib. ,
EGGS— Quoted at !P@2oc for store and 2l*f 23c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold storage,
15@17V4c. '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There will be another Orange auction to-day.
The market Is steady with moderate stocks.
Lemons are quiet. There is no scarcity in
Limes. Apples continue plentiful.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s@6sc per box for common, 75<3U
for good. $1 25(gl 60 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4®7; Coos
Bay Cranberries. $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 75®2 6>
per box; Seedlings, 75c05l 25; Pomelos. $103:
Lemons. $I@l 50 for common and $233 1 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes. $4 50<35: California
Limes. 25@35c; Bananas, $1 7553 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3 60@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nut's and Raisi?is.
Prunes are going East steadily, though there
is no especial activity In them. Other fruits
remain as before.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4V4c for
40-50's, 4©4% c for 50-60's, SV4c for 60-70's, 3^c
for 70-80's 3c for 80-90'b and 2%c for 90-100* s.
Apricots. Ilig:i3c for Royals, 12%@16c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 6%@
6c for Standards. 6%@6%c for choice and 7@Bc
for fancy: Peeled Peaches, 12V4<?15c; Evaporated
Apples. 6'>i'97V4c: Sun-dried. h<Bb\ic per lb; Nec
tarines. S@9c; Pears. 6@7V£e for quarters and
Sl&lOc for halves: Black Figs, 2%53i4c; White
Figs 4S5c- Bleached Plums, B(S9c; Unbleached
Plums 7@7%c for pitted and l'/4c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, 7»4c; standard, 6Hc;
prime sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown 6Uc 4-erown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, J2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@10c; Walnuts, B@9c for
standards and 9®loc for softshell; Almonds,
ll"-*@12c for paper-shell. 9@loc for soft and 4®
6c for hard shell; Peanuts, 6%<§6%c for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Sc; Fil
berts, 12©12 1 / 4 c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$4 WSS.
HONEY— Comb. llJ>4@l2e for bright and 10%@
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 8c;
light amber extracted, 7%@7%c; dark, sV4@6c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers are looking for another advance In
cured meats any day now, as the Eastern mar
kets have again gone up and this market has
been stiff for some time.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
heavy 10c for light medium, lie for light,
12c for extra light and 13V4c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12H@13c; Califor
nia Hams, nominal; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl;
extra Mess. $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork.
Jl4 50; extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef,
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%®7c per lb for
compound and Sc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
SUe- 10-lb tins. S%c; 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and. Hops.
The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co., says:
"Hides, generally, are active and price* are
well sustained. Sales are made readily and
there are no stocks of wet salted hides on
hand. We look for a well sustained market
and at full prices. Dry Hides. Kip and Calf
rule at liberal figures and with a good prospect
for the present prices to continue. There Is a
fair demand and a steady market for Horse
Hides. Large quantities of Deer Skins come to.
the market from the North and Northwest and
Mexico. The demand is active with prospects
for a well sustained market. Goat Skins sell
readily at prices quoted. The market for Sheep
skins is firm and pelts sell readily at full
values. The tallow market is fairly active
with a prospect of improvement."
HIDES AND SKINti — Culls and brand* sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy salted
steers ll%c: medium, lie; light, 10V4c; Cow
hides ' lie; Stacs, 7V4C; Salted Kld, IO&c; Calf,
lie- 'Dry Jildes, sound, lS®l9c; culls and
brands, 15c: Dry Kip and Veal. 17c; Dry Calf.
IS'i72oc- sheepskins, yearlings, 20ft35c each; short
Wool 35&C0C each; medium, 70@!«>c; long Wool,
Jlffi'l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 23@2 75 for
larce and $1 for small: Colts, 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, s®sHc per lb; No.
2, 3V4®*c; refined, 6%c; grease. 2H@3c.
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains, 9@loc; South
ern SiSlOc; Middle County. ll@13c; Humboldt
and' Mendoclno. 16®17c; Eastern Oregon. 13@ltic;
Valley Oregon, lS@2oc: Northern Mountain,
free, 11® 14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
lie per -lb.
HOPS— 7@llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Supplies of Hogs are lighter again and the
market Is firmer In consequence, though prices
show no change.
BEEF— 7@7V4c per lb for Steers and 6V4@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— S@loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@Bttc; ewes. 7H@Bo per
P °LAMB— Spring. 15c; yearlings, B®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hobs, 5%c for small, 5%c for
medium and sVi®sV4c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6'4(3'sHc; dressed Hogs. 7@B%c
¦ General Merchandise. .
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags,, 7@7%c; Wool
Bars, 2S@3oc.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend.
$3; Co-operative Wallsend. $S; Scotch. ;
Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $11 50 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in
backs.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes,. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5Hc; Pow
dered, 5V4c; Candy granulated, h%c: Dry Gran
ulated, 6c; Confectioners' A, Ec; Masmolla A.
4%c; Extra C, 4Hc; Golden C, 4^Ac; harrels, 1-I6c
more; half-barrels, Vie more; boxes. He more;
EO-Ib bags. V»c more. No orders taken for less
thßn 7? barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos.
half-barrels, 5%c; boxes. 6c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 17.
Flour, qr sks 21.10215ugar. bbls 15
Wheat, ctls 11,140 Chicory, bbls 25
Barley, ctls I. 79s' Lime, bbls IS2
Oats, ctls 1,040| Wine, gals 89,3.=i0
Corn, East, ctls.. 600. Brandy, gals .. 3,550
Rye, ctls 210! Leather. rolls 278
Butter, ctls 2S6 1 Quicksilver, flsks. 100
Cheese, ctls 176;F:ggs. doz 6,360
Tallow, ctls 4871 Hops, balen 265
Beans, sks 65 1 Wool, bags ; '.I: I
Potatoes, sks 5,502 j Hay, tons 383
Onions, eks BOißtraw, tons 48
Rran. eks l,sCo:>vits. bdls 90
Middlings, sks.... 430!IIldes. no. 249
Sugar, sks I.2COI
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 600 Middlings, sks.... 210
Wheat, ctls 1,420 Shorts, sks 2,264
Oats, ctls 1,120 1 Wool, bales •- ;• • »
Bran, sks 8,027!
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .... S,l4o|Flaxseed, sks .... 831
Wool, bale* 11l
Bank of England rate reduced to 4 1-2 per cent.
Exchange and Silver as previously quoted.
IV heat weaker again. Barley firm.
No change in the minor cereals.
Bran advanced 50c. Hay continues weak.
Beans firm, with a good demand.
Potatoes cleaning up at weaker prices.
Eggs continue to decline. Butter and Cheese easy.
Poultry well cleaned up and firm. Game steady.
Citrus fruits in good supply.
Fair movement in Prunes eastward.
Expected advance in Hams and Bacon.
Hogs, in lighter supply.
Hides and Tallow in good demand and firm.
Decreased imports of specie last year.
Increased exports of Produce in 1899.
market was steady: creamery, 19@24^4c; dairy,
18@22. Eggs, steady; fresh. 16@17c. Cheese,
firm; 12@12%c.
Foreign Futures.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 18, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldlne was dror^ed at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15.&59 barrels; exports, 5777 barrels. Dull and
lower on practically all grades, following* the
break in wheat. Winter patents, $3 50@3 75;
Minnesota patents, $3 70@3 ?0.
WHEAT— Receipts. 60,220 bushels; exports,
92,650 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 73%e
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red elevator, 71% c. Op
tions opened weak and lower, influenced by dis
appointing cables. A severe break in North
west market caused further unloading and a
decline. In the last hour prices rallied a little
on covering, closing firm at HtfHc net decline,
but %c up from bottom. March, 72% c, closed
729* c; May. 71 3-16ff7174c. closed 71% c; July,
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with prices
lDffilo points net higher. Total sales, 46,750 bags.
Including: February, $7@7 05; March, $7 10®
7 15; May. $7 20-&7 25; July. $7 30®7 40; August,
$7 40; September, $7 40Q7 50; October, $7 45@
7 T.O; November, $7 55; December, $7 60. Spot
coffee — Rio, steady to firm; No. 7 Invoice,
8 l-16c; No. 7 Jobbing, S 1-lSc. Cordova— B»i(3»
12% c.
SUGAR— Raw. strong and held higher. Mo
lafses sugar. 3%c bid; centrifugal, 96 test,
4 11-32e bid. Refined, firm.
UUTTEK- Receiptß. 2595 packages: steady.
June creamery, 20<g;3Vic; Western, 21@250; fac
tory, l"ii 22c.
EGGS— Keceipts, 6675; steady. Western. 20c,
loss off; Western ungraded at mark, 14@18c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— There was very little
inquiry noted In evaporated apples and the
market was quiet and unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
eti6->«c; prime. 6%<(j,7Vic; choice, 7%®SVic; fancy,
DRIED PRUNES— S^Sc per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13^15c; Moorpark. Is<gl3c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20®23c; unpeeled. 7@loc.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— The feature of the day
was a sharp advance In tin on Improved cables
and a renewal of buying. Advices from pri
mary oolnts were very encouraging, thereby
adding to the strength of that metal. The other
departments of the market are maintained In a
fairly steady but inactive condition. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGI RON— Warrants very dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanred.
TlN— Firm, with $27 30 bid and $2S asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 70 bid and ?4 75 asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 45 and for cop
l*r $16 50.
SPELTEIl— Steady, with $4 45 bid and $4 S5
asked.
Chicago Grain Market.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
London Wool Sales.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Steamer Movements.
Am Sugar 115 HI Mining shares —
do prefd 114 jAdventure 6
Bell Telephone ...329 lAHouez Mln Co .. 3
Boston & Albany.. 24o [Atlantic 24V4
Boston Elevated .. SS'/i'Boston & Mont 255
C B & Q 121' i liutte & Boston... 46
Fltchhurg prefd ..119 l^alumet & Hecla.73o
Gen Elec 121V4 Centennial 16
do prefd 137 Franklin 14 '
Fed Steel 50«4!Humboldt 1
do prefd "2' 2 .">sceola 67
Mcx Cent 10%; Parrot 39%
Mich Telephone 100 j^uincy 143
Old Colony 203 ?anta Fe Copper.. 5V4
Old Dominion .... l7V4iramarack 171
Rubber 41 |lVlnona 4
I'nion Pacific 4? l ,iilVolverlnes 3SVi
Union Land 3 ilJtah 27
Nezu York Money Market. .
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— Money on call easier
at 2SJ2H per cent. Prime mercantile paper, !>@
6 per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87H@4 87V; for
demand and at $4 S3~i><74 84 for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 S4H@4 85 and $4 SS. Commercial
bills, $4 S3@4 S3<4- Silver certificates. 59tGOc.
Bar silver, 69V4c. Mexican dollars, 47^c. Gov
ernment bonds irregular; State bonds, easier;
railroad bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $253,7£>,726; gold reaerve,
$222,302,760.
London Markets.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The news that General Buller had crossed the
Tugela River in force caused a confident open
ing at the Stock Exchange here to-day, but
the failure of the public to respond to the
encouraging tidings caused prices to stick after
midday. The action of the Bank of England
directors in reducing the minimum discount
rate from 7 to 4V4 per cent hoisted consols,
but In some quarters It was looked upon as
paving the way for a fresh Government loan.
Americans opened at, an advance, but there
was no buying and prices sagged on New York
supplies of stock. The Argentine Republic took
gold to the amount of £10.000.
The strength of the Bank of England's week
ly returns is due to the seasonable inflow of
money from the provinces. Money and bills
vere again weak. Discount houses have re
duced deposit rates ',i to 2»4 per cent, calls
to 2% per cent with notices.
Foreign exchange rates to-day were: Paris,
25.20; Berlin, 20.49%. Silver wa* firm at a
lower level.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. IS.— Canadian Pacific, 95^;
i Union Pacific, 76%; Northern Pacific preferred,
76; Atchlson, 20%; Grand Trunk, 7%; Ana
conda, S>4-
Bar silver closed steadier at 27 6-16 d per
ounce.
New York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1900.
James p. Phelan president, S. G. Murphy first
vice president, John A. Hooper second vice
president. George A. Story cashier and secre
tary. C. B. Hobson assistant cashier and as
sistant secretary. Frank J. Sullivan attorney.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 18—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Cent L & P — 5
4s quar coup — — Kqult G L Co. i\ 5
4s quar reg... — 114%! Mutual L Co.. 13% 15
4s quar new... — — O G L & H... 43 —
8s quar c0up... 11014 — jPac Gas Imp.. 45 47
Miscellaneous— 'Pac Light Co.. 41 41 '-i
Cal-st Cab 55. .115% — |S F G & E.... 50% 51>4
C C Water 55.. 106 107 j San Francisco. 474 5
Ed L& P 65.. 130 — | Stockton Gas.. 12 —
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 — I Insurance —
Geary-st R 5s — 95 Firem's Fund. 22o 230
HC & S 5>45..112 — Bank Stocks—
HC & S a 5 ....106% — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 65 —
LA Ry 55....104 V» — Bank ot Cal. -.400 402,4
L A LCo 5a.. — _ CaJ SD & T.. — 97
Do gntd 65.. — — First Nationl..2So —
Do gntd 55.. — 103 Lon P& A 131 132' i
•L A& P R 55. 102 104 Merchants' Ex — 16
Market-st 6»...123V4 — Xcv Nat 8k... - 190
Do Ist m 55.. — 11SH Savings Banks—
NCN G R 7s. — 111 Ger S & L...1750 ISOO
NR of Cal 65.11» — I Hum S & L. — —
NR of Cal 55. 114 — Mut Say Bk. 40 45
NPC R R 65. 102 — S F Say U... 500 —
NPC R R ss.io;»; — Say & L So. 70 —
N CR R 55... 109 — I Sec Say Bk. — —
OGL & H 55. 108 110 (Union T Co. — —
Oak Trans 65.. — 113 ! Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 55.. 105 106V^ California ... .117^120
Ocanlc SS C 0.105. 105 — Geary-st 50 —
Om CRy 65.. .127^4 — Market-st Ry. — 62
P&CI Ry 65..104'/jilosViiO SL & H.... — 60
Pk A- O Ry 6s — — Presidio 14 —
Powell-st R 6s — 121 Powder Stocks-
Sac El G&R5s — 100 California 160 175
SF& X P 55.113 Vi — E Dynamite... 85 —
SF & SJV 55. 116% — iGlant Con Co.. — 95
S Ry of Cal 6s. — 109 IVlgorlt 2% 3*4
S Pof A 65. ...n0 110%: Sugar Stocks—
S P C 65(1905).109 — Hana P C 0.... 7%i 774
SPC 6a (1906). Ill — Haw C&S Co 87^ 8S
SPC 6s (1912). — — Honokaa S Co. 30% 31
SPCIs eg 6a. — — Hutch S P Co. 26M 27
SPBr 6s 124H — Kllauea S Co.. — 27
S V Wat 65. ...114% — Makawell SCo 43 —
S V Wat 45....104>4 — Onomea S Co.. 27^ 2SH
B V W45(3dm).102 — Paauhau S Co. 27 28
Stktn Gas 65.. 101 105 Miscellaneous-
Water Stock*— Al Pack Assn. ll9^ll9%
Contra Costa.. 72 73 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. 60 — Oceanic S Co.. 94 94H
Spring Valley. 93H 93% Pac A F A.... 1% 2V4
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0. .148 —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. »\4 —
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Giant Powder Con $5 00
15 Giant Powder Con. ¦ 10 95 00
10 Giant Powder Con. s 60 94 75
10 Giant Powder Con, ¦ 90 S4 50
25 Honokaa 31 00
$7000 Market St Ry Ist Con 5s 113 00
toOOO Northern Ry of Cal ss. s 10 114 C>o
J2OCO Northern Ry of Cal 5s 114 00
10 Oakland Gas 43 0O
60 Paauhau S P Co 27 23
20 Paauhau S P Co 27 12^
10 Paauhau S P Co 27 37Vi
JlOOO S F & S J V Bonds 117 00
30 S V Water 93 75
40 S V Water 93 62^
Street—
6 Bank of California 401 o0
50 Contra Costa Water '3 00
$4000 Los Angeles Ry 6s 114 75
$2000 S V 6s 115 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 119 50
6 Contra Costa Water 2 .o
75 Honokaa S Co 39 75
ISS Makaweli « CO
50 Oakland Gas 43 25
60 Oceanic S S Co 94 00
50 Pacific Lighting 4100
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 00
600 S F Gaslight 4 "5
450 S F Gaslight 4 87>4
$1000 S F & S J V Bonds 117 00
20 S V Water 93 62Va
Street—
$1000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar Co 5s 106 50
$2000 Omnibus Cable Bon.ls 127 50
111.000 Oceanic S S Bonds 105 00
$3000 S V 4s, 2d Mortgage 104 25
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Equitable Gas 5 00
E0 Hutchinson Sugar 26 62^4
100 Paauhau Sugar Co. s 90 27 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co SI 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 92 75
10 Oceanic S S Co 93 00
10 S V Water 93 75
100 Vlgorit Powder * 87%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas B 00
20 Giant Powder Con - 95 00
30 Giant Powder Con 95 75
100 Honokaa Sugar Co. s 90.... 30 SO
$15,000 S P Ry of Arizona 110 00
100 Vigorit Powder 2 87%
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — ¦ :
100 Burlington ". 1 05
60 Caribou SO
60 Home Oil 4 05
Afternoon Session.
Board—" .
100 Home Oil 4 05
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Northfleld 75
100 Barker Ranch 115
400 Anaconda 90
600 Century 100
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Northfleld 75
200 Anaconda 100
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the salea In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. '
400 Belcher 10! 200 Mexican n
100 Chollar 24 100 Ophir «7
100 Con Cal & Va.l 40 600 Overman 08
200 Gould & Curry 21 200 Savage 14
200 Hale & N0r.... 40
Afternoon Session.
400 Best & Belcher 23 1000 Mexican ...... »
100 Beet & Belcher 23 150 Potosl t7
700 Chollar 24 600 Union Con .... 28
600 Con Cai A Va.l 45 200 YeHow Jacket. 23
Following; were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
SOO Chollar 24 250 Carters GM Co 59
100 Con Cal & Va.l 40 200 Carters GM Co 60
200 Gould & Curry *1 225 Carter* GM Co 61
J5O Carters GM Co 57
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes OS 800 Mexican .^... 84
800 Belcher 11 200 Mexican 37
800 Best & Belcher 22 100 Ophir 87
600 Best & Belcher' 23 600 Ophir 6S
600 Best & Belcher 24 200 Ophir 70
300 Best & Belcher 25 400 Ophir 71
800 Chollar 25 100 Ophir 72
900 Con Cal & Va.l 45 100 Ophir 73
450 Con Cal & V.I 474 200 Ophir 74
7QO Con Cal & V...1 50 200 Ophir 75
250 Con Cal & V.I 52^ 200 Overman 08
2f)o Con Cal & V...1 55 ?00 Potoel 25
450 Con Cal & V.I 57Mii 3100 Savage 18
300 Con Cal & V...1 60 300 Sierra Nevada. 44
1400 Gould & Curry 22 300 Sierra Nevada. 45
SCO Gould & Curry 23 200 Sierra Nevada. 48
400 Gould & Curry 24 300 Sierra Nevada. 49
300 Hale & Nor 39 1 3CO Sierra Nevada. 50
1000 Justice 03|
CLOSING QUOTATIONa
THURSDAY, January IS— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04lKentuck 01 02
Alta 02 04 Lady Wash 03 —
Andes 08 09 Mexican 37 38
Belcher 10 12 Occidental IS 20
Best & Belcher. 2S 29 Ophir 78 77
Bullion 03 04 Overman 05 06
Caledonia 4S 50 Potosi 28 tt
Chollar 25 27 Ravage 16 IS
Challenge Con. 18 20 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 60 erSeg Belcher 03 04
Con Cal &Va 160 1 65;Sle.rra Nevada.. 43 50
Con Imperial .. — 01 Silver Hill — 05
Con New York. — 04, St Louin — C 7
Crown Point ... 10 12 Standard JSO2 90
Exchequer — 02;Synd!cate — 05
Gould & Curry 24 25l_ T nion Con 29 30
Hale & Norc... 40 41; Utah 03 04
Julia — 02; Yellow Jacket.. 23 24
Justice 03 041
An Enterpris'ng Editor.
A North Carolina exchange has this
item of local news:
"We regret to record the explosion of
the boiler In Major Tompkins' sawmill
The six men who were employed in? the
mill were all subscribers to our paper
Two of them landed on their' heads tnree
¦minutes after the explosion, but we were
unable to collect their dues, as they
were unconscious when we reached the
scene. The other four have not come
down yet, but we are patlentlv awaiting
their return to terra firma."
. THE CALL, CALENDAR.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 7% 6 7%
Closing 5 7% 6 7V4
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 18 35 19 10
Closing 18 15 19 05
Flour-
Opening 24 25 • 25 20
Closing 24 10 25 10
Pran'cTsco"!?^ Published by official au
¦mmmsm
FRIDAY. JANUARY 19.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the " J e»
the early morning tides are given in the MR
hand column and the successive titles o. tn«
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tn»
second time column gives the second tide or
the day. the third time column the third ttd»
and the last or right hand column gives tn«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the-
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given i» subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low -vaters.
LONDON. Jan. 18.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 13,605, bales.
Best combing greaslcs were taken fairly well
by American and French buyers and medium
parcels of locks and pieces were all absorbeu
by the home trade. The better grades of clips
and scoured were withdrawn. Crossbred sllpes
and greasy were also taken by the "™™ c
trade and bright greasy by Americans. Ine
market was ilrm owing to , dear money in
Germany and the absence of war news. " -
drawala are increasing. Yesterday live thou
sand bales were withdrawn, five thousand
again to-day and a like number entered on
to-morrow's catalogue has been taken up.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. IS.— CATTLE — Generally
steady at yesterday's decline. Texas receipts,
1000 head. Good feeders in full suply and fairly
active demand. Good to choice, J5 1036 60; poor
to medium. $4©4 80: mixed utockers, J3 25(33 80;
selected feeders, J4 25@4 75; good to choice cows,
JS 40@4 60; heifers, J3 30@4 60; canners, $2 20®
2 90; .bulls J2 60@4 40; calves, $4 60@7; fed Texaa
beeves. $4'10@5.
HOGS— Strong; average. 6c higher: top. $4 80;
good ' clearances. Mixed and butchers. $4 60®
4 77%" good to choice heavy, $4 65@4 80; rough
heavy. $4 50<g4 60; light. $4 40®4 65; bulk of
sales. J4 65@4 70.
6HEEP— Steady to a shade easier. Native
¦wethers, $4 40@4 80; lambs. $4 50®6 20: Western
wethers $4 30@4 75; Western lambs, J5 25@6 15.
Receipts-Cattle. S500; hogs. 24,000; sheep. 12,
000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Jan. IS.— Clearings, $263,653; bal
ances. $61,053.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 18.— In the Portland
wheat market there was nothing doing to-day.
Quotations are nominally 60@51c for Walla
Walla and 50c for Valley: blue stem, 51@S2c.
Cleared— Ship Scottish Isles, Queenstown,
with 116,710 bushels wheat.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 455. 095. bushels;
119,544 bushels of barley were shipped foreign
during the week.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 18.— WHEAT— No change,
from yesterday's prices.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. 18.— Consols, 101%: allver,
27Vid; French rentes, IOOf 7%c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, rather firmer: cargoes on passage,
rather firmer; Walla Walla. 2Ss 6d; English
country markets, partly 6d cheaper.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 18.— Wheat dull; wheat In
Paris, dull: flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Futures, January steady at 3s 5%d:
February quiet at 3s 5%d; March quiet at 3s
WHEAT— Spot dull. Futures quiet; March
and May. 5s 7%d. _ .
LONDON, Jan. 18.— Beet sugar. January. 9s
m — . —
Monty Easier in London
Money continues to work easier In London,
Conawl* advanced *i yesterday and the Bank
of England further reiuced It* rate of dis
count to 4V»- The stock market was strong.
Import* of epecle at this port In 1599 were
117,267.515. against $37,736,140 in IS3B, the de
ecrlptlons being as follows: Gold bullion, $1.
242.4C7; gold coin. J15.E.21.CC7; silver bullion. JL
615.820; silver coin. JCSS.SCO. Tne leading sources
of these import* were: Australia, $12,454,100 in
rold coin; Mexico, t2.545.390 in silver.
Export* from San Francisco in 1539 were
r55.781.100, against J36.106.700 In IS3S. the prin
cipal items being as follows: Atlantic ports.
J3.726.400; Great Britain, JP.532.3W; China. $3,
705.900; Japan. 53.C30.4P0; Australia. J1.590.400;
British Columbia, J1.127.500: Mexico. J1.473.100;
Central America, I1.41S.000: Hawaiian Islands,
J9.14L70P: PhllirDine Islands. ti9C.500.
According to a treasury statement the money
In circulation in the United States on the Ist
of January was as- follows:
Gold coin J617.977.530
Silver dollar* 70.420.047
Small t'.lver 76,C1.2:i
Gold certificates 161.1::.'. 79 ¦
Silver certificates 395.040.516
Treasury notes 86.M43.jl
United States note* 515.263,260
Currency certificates 11.5 M.000
National bank notes 242.001.643
Tnud ?1.980.^.170
In zm 1.557.301.412
— .c n, .;;
Increase J53.C56.758
The following figures taken from the bulletin
Issued by the bureau of ptatunics of the Treas
ury Department show the value of the prin
cipal articles of merchandise exported from
the United States for the twelve months ended
I>ecember Jl, 1S?9: Breadstuffs. $259,427,283;
cotton. $:51.051.5:C: mineral oils, je4.952.243; cat
tle and hogs, 125X6.642; provisions. J1C5.203.525:
totals, $712,021. J25. The values of the article*
mentioned exported during the twelve months
ended December 21. ISSS. were 1755.555.1C3. The
value of the exports of breadstufTs from San
Francisco during December was J1.156.501. and
lor the twelve months then ended 110.152.174.
egaintt $063,236 and JS.SJI.3IS for the came time
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 19, 1900— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the came date
lost season, and rainfalls la last twenty-four
boUr£: Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 33.20 IT.C 6
Ked Eluff O.CO 14.77 13.12
Sacramento 0.00 13.29 7.8S
Fan Francisco 0.00 14.88 7.67
Fresno 0.00 6.12 J.M
Independence 0.00 2.1« 1.15
Fan Luis Obispo 0.00 12.41 6.57
Lcs Angeks 0.00 4.57 2.54
Pan Diego 0.00 2.60 3.43
Yuma O.OS 0.66 1.23
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
64 ; minimum, 47; mean, SO.
CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the cbun
try west of the Uocky Mountains. An area of
high pressure overlies the country between the
Sierras and the Rocky Mountains, and is mov
ing elowly eastward. This hlph area has caused
warm weather In the southern portion of the
fctate. From San Diego to San Luis Obispo
the temperature* are about 13 degrees above
the normal. Maximum temperatures of SO de
grees or more are reported from Southern Cali
fornia.
Fog prevails in the Sacramento Valley, and
the temperatures near the ground are much
lower than e.t » slight elevation.
Rain is falling over Washington and North
ern Oregon-
The river rtage at Sacramento li 25 feet and
tailing.
Forecast mafle at £an Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 19. 1800:
Northern California— Cloudy Friday, with
rain on northern coast; warmer In the interior;
northerly, changing to southeasterly, winds.
Southern California— Fa~ Friday; light north.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday, witr
increasing cloudiness during the day: cloudj
tnd threatening at night; northerly, changing
to southeasterly, winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
8
Imports of Specie.
Exports in 1899.
Money in Circulation.
National Exports.
rises
Sun
Moo:
sets...
>n rises
'.!)': bb"p.'
. n
4
o
Q
iTlme!
1 1 Ft.
(II W|
Ttawj
F
|Tlmej
H W(
IFt.
Time
L W
Ft
19 ..
20 ..
w ..
12...
23 ..
2* ..
.. 2:14 5.1
.. 2:41 5.1
.. 3:10 5.0
3:39 5.11
.. 4:13! 5.11
.. 4:501 5.2!
R-Jfi 5.4
!— •
8:21!
9:U\
I Shim
I 11:12
12:141
Ml
i
M
2.4
2.1
1.9
1.5
1.2!
o.«'
i j,
i 1:33!
2:21
3:12
4:23
5:54
1 T»
! 5:35
4.«j
4.2
3.9
j 3.5
1 3.5
! 3.4
i 3.6:
1 7:33
8:03
s:3i:
9:15
10:03
1 11:10
0.
1.
1.
2.
2.
3.
Steamer.
I From. \
I Due.
A. Blanchard...
Newburg
Corona
North .Fork
Colon
Willamette ....
Wellington
State or Cal
f 1
.|Coos Bay
.Grays Harbor
.San Diego
.Humboldt
.Panama
.ISeattle
.|Departuro Bay
.(Portland i
!
Jan. :
. Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan. :
. Jan.
Jan.
19
13
IS
It
19
19
1»
Doric
Czarina
Kmplre
Washtenaw
Santa Cruz
TUlamoolc
Albion
Umatilla
Pomona
Jeanle
Samoa
Tellus
Progreso
R. Adamson
Santa Itcsa
Volumnia
Homer
Chas. Nelson...
Columbia
.'China and Japan
JPuget Sound
.'Coos Bay
JComox
.(Newport
.ITtllamook
.[Crescent City-
.IVlctorla & Piiget Sound
. 1 Humboldt •;
.'Departure Bay
. Humboldt
. Departure Bay
. Tacoma
.iNanalmo
.|San Diego
..; Hamburg
.iOregon Ports
JPuget Sound
.'Portland
.jJan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
1 Jan.
JJan.
.'.Jan.
.Jan.
.'Jan.
.jJan.
. Jan.
.Jan.
.|jan.
JJan.
.[Jan.
2>
n
21
n
22
:a
22
22
23
23
2S
13
21
24
2k
23
Lady Jolcey....
.(China and Japan
2S
Coos Bay
..Newport
.Jan.
19
Point Arena
Crescent City...
Arcata
.;Polnt Arena
..ICrescent City
.|Cooa Bay
JJan.
JJan.
¦ jJan.
a
2S
25
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 13. 9 amiPter 1»
Pomona .... Humboldt [Jan. 13, 2pm Pier *
Newburg ..I Grays Harbor Jan. 20. 5 pm'....—
Aberdeen ..Portland Jan. 20. B P m l--'-"l
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 20. 2 PmjP*' *
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 20. 10 am £ er 13
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay Jan. 20. 2 P*'* I**1 ** JJ
Corona San Diego Jan. 21. 11 asJiPjer 11
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. XU » *»££' »
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 22. SamiPJer a
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13. W*"' P ,!ril
Bonita San Pedro Jan. 23. » amPler U
China Chlna& Japan Jan. 24. 1 ptn,PMa3
Moana Sydney Jan. 24. 8 pniiPler 7
Orizaba ....{Humboldt Jan. 24. Ipm Pier »
Santa Rosa-ISan Dletto Jan. 25. 11 am Pier li
Samoa iHumboldt Jan. 25. 10 am Pier 13
Umatllla ..iVlc & Pgt Sd.lJan. 26. 10 am ' Pier 9
Lady Jolcey Chlna& Japan! Jan. 27. Ipm „.....-
Columbia. ..tPortland 'Jan. 23. 10 anvPleTZ*
Steamer.
I From. \
I Due.
A. Blanchard...
Newburg
Corona
North .Fork
Colon
Willamette ....
Wellington
State or Cal
f 1
.|Coos Bay
.Grays Harbor
.San Diego
.Humboldt
.Panama
.ISeattle
.|Departuro Bay
.(Portland i
!
Jan. :
. Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan.
Jan. :
. Jan.
Jan.
19
13
IS
It
19
19
1»
Doric
Czarina
Kmplre
Washtenaw
Santa Cruz
TUlamoolc
Albion
Umatilla
Pomona
Jeanle
Samoa
Tellus
Progreso
R. Adamson
Santa Itcsa
Volumnia
Homer
Chas. Nelson...
Columbia
.'China and Japan
JPuget Sound
.'Coos Bay
JComox
.(Newport
.ITtllamook
.[Crescent City-
.IVlctorla & Piiget Sound
. 1 Humboldt •;
.'Departure Bay
. Humboldt
. Departure Bay
. Tacoma
.iNanalmo
.|San Diego
..; Hamburg
.iOregon Ports
JPuget Sound
.'Portland
.jJan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
.Jan.
1 Jan.
JJan.
.'.Jan.
.Jan.
.'Jan.
.jJan.
. Jan.
.Jan.
.|jan.
JJan.
.[Jan.
2>
n
21
n
22
:a
22
22
23
23
2S
13
21
24
2k
23
Lady Jolcey....
.(China and Japan
2S
Coos Bay
..Newport
.Jan.
19
Point Arena
Crescent City...
Arcata
.;Polnt Arena
..ICrescent City
.|Cooa Bay
JJan.
JJan.
¦ jJan.
a
2S
25
anuary.
,^v
i . fSs New Moon,
:Sn. Mo Tu. We Th. Fr. Sa. w January 1.
' i 7 ~7 ~T ~T~t "» First Quartet
j * 1 — — — — -y January 8.
' T 8 9 10 11 12 13 Full Moon,
; /fr Last Quarter,
11 23 23 24 25 2* 27 %L January 23.
'"»* 29 £0 31 • /Kv New Moon,
\*/ January mi.
rises
Sun
Moo:
sets...
>n rises
'.!)': bb"p.'
. n
4
o
Q
iTlme!
1 1 Ft.
(II W|
Ttawj
F
|Tlmej
H W(
IFt.
Time
L W
Ft
19 ..
20 ..
w ..
12...
23 ..
2* ..
.. 2:14 5.1
.. 2:41 5.1
.. 3:10 5.0
3:39 5.11
.. 4:13! 5.11
.. 4:501 5.2!
R-Jfi 5.4
!— •
8:21!
9:U\
I Shim
I 11:12
12:141
Ml
i
M
2.4
2.1
1.9
1.5
1.2!
o.«'
i j,
i 1:33!
2:21
3:12
4:23
5:54
1 T»
! 5:35
4.«j
4.2
3.9
j 3.5
1 3.5
! 3.4
i 3.6:
1 7:33
8:03
s:3i:
9:15
10:03
1 11:10
0.
1.
1.
2.
2.
3.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 13. 9 amiPter 1»
Pomona .... Humboldt [Jan. 13, 2pm Pier *
Newburg ..I Grays Harbor Jan. 20. 5 pm'....—
Aberdeen ..Portland Jan. 20. B P m l--'-"l
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 20. 2 PmjP*' *
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 20. 10 am £ er 13
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay Jan. 20. 2 P*'* I**1 ** JJ
Corona San Diego Jan. 21. 11 asJiPjer 11
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. XU » *»££' »
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 22. SamiPJer a
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13. W*"' P ,!ril
Bonita San Pedro Jan. 23. » amPler U
China Chlna& Japan Jan. 24. 1 ptn,PMa3
Moana Sydney Jan. 24. 8 pniiPler 7
Orizaba ....{Humboldt Jan. 24. Ipm Pier »
Santa Rosa-ISan Dletto Jan. 25. 11 am Pier li
Samoa iHumboldt Jan. 25. 10 am Pier 13
Umatllla ..iVlc & Pgt Sd.lJan. 26. 10 am ' Pier 9
Lady Jolcey Chlna& Japan! Jan. 27. Ipm „.....-
Columbia. ..tPortland 'Jan. 23. 10 anvPleTZ*Deny They Were Partners.
OAKLAND. Jan. IS.— P. A. Johnson and
O*»orge L. Holand to-day fll^d answer in
the Buit brought against them by Johh
L. Da vie, wherein the latter asks for an
orrounting. involving the old Davfe
Freight and Express Line. Defendants
deny that there ever existed a ropart
nersnip between themselves and Mr. Da
vie, or that they owe the latter any
thing.
Tried to Beat Out His Brains.
OAKLAND, Jan. IS.— Thomas Murphy,
a live-day prisoner for vagrancy at tho
County Jail. sitttmpt»>d to commit suicide
to-night, trying to beat his brains out
against the walls of his rell. He was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital, where
lie will b*» held for examination as to his
f anlty. Murphy Is 30 years old and claims
to hall from San Francisco.
Sent to Insane Asylums.
OAKLAND. Jan. 18— John Knos. a
Newark youth of 16 years, whose father
complains that the boy possesses a pench
ent for destroying all hi;; hou.sehold furni
ture, was committed to the insane asylum
at Stockton to-day.
Mm. M.-iry Shelter, who tried to Jump
c»ff the ferry steamer Berkeley because
»-he was homelcr*. friendless and too weak
to work, was committed to Agnews Asy
lam by .lu<lge Ogden to-day. She was ex
amined by Or?. JJut^au and Webster, and
Tho former said he ronsldered Die woman
blameless for dfslrinjr rieath under the cir
cumstances Fh* related.
Philanthropist Notifies the Free Library
Trustees to Draw on Him
for the Money.
CARNEGIE'S GIFT
AWAITS OAKLAND
OAKLAND. Jan. IS.— John G. Hoyt, president of the Board of Trustees
of the Oakland Free Library, received to-day the following letter:
NEW YORK, Jan. 13, 1900.
John G. Hoyt Esq., President of the
B ard of Free Pub
lic Library, Oakland,
Cal. — Dear Sir: I
congratulate you upon
the wise action of
the city. Your drafts
in sums of $5,000
each upon our R\ A.
Franks, Carnegie
Building, Pittsburg,
will be duly honored
up to the amount of
$50,000.
These drafts are
to be drawn from time
to tims to pay for the
building as it prog
resses.
With renewed congratulations, always
very truly your 3,
Test Again Postponed.
OAKLAND. Jan. IS.— The test of tho
Kobcrts wells at San Lorenzo has gone
over until next Saturday afternoon at 3
o'clock. City Engineer Clement has not
vet selected a man to act as chief in-
of tho trst. He will do so, how
ever, before the work Is commenced.
City Chemist Selected.
OAKLAND. Jan. IS.-J. H. Hurd has
been wlpctod by the Hoard of Health a«
city chemist to till the vacancy create
by the resignation of I. M. Tolman, who
ha* entered the pervice of th« United
Btatcs Government «t Washington.
LODGE OPPOSES BENEFITS.
The Applicant Is Bich and Is Now in
an Insane Asylum.
OAKLAND. Jan. IS.— The question of a
rich man's right to sick benefits from a
secret order while he In an inmate of an
insane nylum is presented in the case of
Frederick \\". Mowry, whore guardians.
I'rank Otis and Thomas C. Huxley, to-day
liled thHr fir.st report and account:
Uovry w:is declared an incompetent last
Z.lay and the inventory fiied by his guard-
Is r:s shows his estate to be worth about
i'.r>.Ki>). According to the guardians' re
j>ort he was a member r,i Mission Peak
Ixxipe No. 114, I. O. O. F.. at the time of
Ms onmmitment to Agnews Asylum. The
guardians made claim against the. lodge
i<*r payment of sick benefits. Recently
Howry attended the I. O. O. F. Jubilee in
San Francisco ;ind then visited his old
borne -at Irvingion.
The lodge contends that a man without
a business, having no on«» dependent upon
him and possessed of a. $30.0:/j estate, and
wiio is being treated at an asylum for his
own bcnelit, is r.ot entitled to benefits
from a lodge. «
WOMEN'S EXCHANGE
TO CHANGE LOCATION
OAKLAND, Jan. IK— The sales and
lunch rooms e>f the Women's Exchange
<ir^ to bo removed from the present loca
tion on Broadway to the building recently
vacated by the Schreib^r hurr.itur? Com
j ;;n\ , ;\t the corner of Thirteenth and
Franklin streets. There will be more
< "xr.tti'Xlious quarters at the latter place,
iind the Iccteased business which has
Utely come to the association will be
more- easily handled.
Special tables v.ill be reserved for pri
vaU- p:irti<s and also for school children.
Arrangement* will also b? made to sorve
;. Quick luncheon to business men who
are in a hurry, and everything possible
vill be done for patrons.
LEFT HIS FORTUNE TO
HIS DEAREST FRIENDS
OAKLAND, Jan. IS.— Charles A. Post,
formerly a conductor for the Southern
Pacific Company, died in New York City
on December 2, leaving an estate in Cali
forr.ia valued at $25,000, but no kin to
whom he might have bequeathed his for
tune.
On the day of his demise he Pigned
his deathbed will, which was filed for
rrcbato to-day by Albert \Y. Avery and
Margaret L. Herriott of this city, who
are named as executors. Their petition
lor letters recites, that the estate ir.cludes
Lot Angeles County realty worth $5000
and $15.<wu on deposit in an Oakland bank;
that testator was never married and
U ;>v< * r.n relatives.
Mr. Post was El years old at the time
of his death. The will was witnessed by
Kmil Schneelock of Brooklyn and F.
"\Vayland Ayerxf New York City, and by
It* terms ?50>> oach is horju^athed to Mrs.
I ¦ r 1< Ija A. Miner of New Haven. Conn.;
Orson S. Harbor and ll rs. Margaret L.
Barher <;f l*asadena; a go!d watch and
cfeain to Osrar D. Miner of New York.
i.nd the- residue to Mrs. Maria L. Herriott
cf Oakland.
Mayor and Councilmen Say It Opens
the Way for Improvement
of the City. .
CHITTENDEN SENDS
HIS BEST WISHES
OAKLAND. Jan. IS.— Henry A.
Chittenden. who first presenter!
the needs of Oakland to Mr. Car
negie and secured for the city the
$50,000 gift. Is at present in Yuma.
Ariz., where he has gone for his
health. He is a newspaper man. and
for years was with the New York
Herald and was editor of the Mil
waukee Times. Some years ago he
took up his residence in Oakland. an*l
It was with a determination of doing
something for his new home that he
made the move that secured the libr.i
ry to Oakland. From Yuma Mr. Chit
tenden has sent the following:
"YUM A. Ariz.. Jan. I?.— Alameda
County Bureau San Francisco Call,
Oakland: It was like Oakland's great
friend and well wisher to respond so
promptly with his check to our city' 3
Compliance with his reasonable condi
tions on behalf of our free public li
brary. May the example of business
like promptitude inspire and mold all
the actions of our library authorities,
kindle anew our citizens' proved pub
lic spirit and speedily endow Mrs.
Gleason and Mrs. Glnn with double
the $5000 they are asking for a chil
dren's room."
HENRY A. CHITTENDEN.
remainder of the city. It has moved Oak
land to new acts and to a hearty support
of the bonding proposition, that means co
much.
There were two unselfish acts In con
nection with this gift of Andrew Carnegie
to Oakland. One was the effort made by
Henry A. Chittenden to secure the Rift
from Mr. Carnegie, and the other was the
effort of the lcdies of the Ebell Society
to furnish a site for the proposed build
ing.
Mr. Chittenden came to Oakland a fc-v
years ago and was impressed with the
necessity of a new library. Knowing An
drew Carnegie had endowed some public
libraries and having an acquaintance with
the great steel magnate, he, as a plain
citizen of Oakland, laid these necessities
before Mr. Carnegie. As a result Mr.
Carnegie offered Oakland $50,000 for a li
brary if the site would be furnished for
the building. Then the ladles of the Ebell
Society took up their work. After the
men of Oakland had failed the woman's
club went to work and raised $20,000. pur
chased the site and presented it to the
city of Oakland. Mr, Carnegie was noti
fied, nnd to-day his answer was receivt-d
Instructing the city of Oakland to draw
upon li!s 1 rankers for the money promised
Mr. Chittenden. And co Oakland's new
era has dawned] and it remains for t'.ie
city to bring the full noontide of pros
perity ar<l improvement.
The Information Mating that the gift
fund from Mr. CRrnejrle was available
wns received by President Hnyt of the
lir.'inl of Library Trustees to-day.
President Hoyt says plans for tho li
brary will be asked for at once and build
ing will be commenced as snnn as possi
ble. No delay will be permitted and every
eiTort will be made to have the work fully
under way by spring.
Councilman Felton Taylor commenced
the necessary legislation at the last meet
ing of the Council, when he introduced
the following ordinance:
An ordinance authorizing the use of cer
tain land for the purpose of erecting and
malntalnlnK thereon a building or buildings
for the Oakland Free Public Library and
Reading Rooms, and also authorizing and
directing the Hoard of Library Trustees to
equip and maintain thereon such buildinßs
as may be necessary for such library and
readlnsr rocms. the cost thereof to b« pay
able from the library funds.
The structure Is to be located upon the
land presented to the city by the Ebell
Society, at the southwest corner of Grove
and Fourteenth streets.
The proposed ordinance was referred to
the Ordinance and Judiciary Committee.
That branch of the Council will take fa
vorable action upon the measure as soon
as it meets. It will then go before the
municipal legislative body and will I
receive unanimous indorsement. The
matter will then go before the Board of
Library Trustees, which will secure the
necessary plans and proceed with the
work.
OAKLAND IS GRATEFUL FOR THE GIFT OF CARNEGIE.
GRAND JURY'S
REPORT IS BARE
OF SENSATIONS
Makes a Number of
Recommendations.
?
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Boardway, Jan. 13.
The Grand Jury Impaneled October 5,
IS9O, to-day presented its final report to
Judge Greene. The document contained
nothing sensational, no indictments and
makes the following recommendations:
County Infirmary— That a new "women'i
ward" be erected at once.
County Jail— That minors be separated from
other criminals ar.'l that three Jailers instead
of two be emDloyed.
County Coroner— That bodies b« not removed
from private houses at the county's expense,
except in ttie case of lnJlgent3.
Justices of the I'eace — That payment of "John
Doe" warrants not in correct form be. denieil
and that the L*"si-*latur«? be urs?e.i to place
Justices and constables uniier salaries.
County Clerk— That money in the hands of
Clerk Jordan received from "old probate fund"
be banked in Frank C. Jordan's name. County
Clerk of Alameda County.
County Assessor— That hereafter the Assessor
turn over the entire original personal property
tax roll to the Auditor, j aid or unpaid.
County Auditor— That he demand from the
Assessor the complete orifftnal personal prop
erty tax roll, paid or unpaid.
The subjoined report of the Grand
Jury's expert. N. G. Sturtevant. discloses
nothing- more alarming than a few cleri
cal errors in the bonds of some officers.
County Expert Kullock Is complimented
as "very careful, watchful, and rendering
valuable services to the county."
THE SAN FKAXOISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1900.
WAS A DESERTED
CHILD-BRIDE OF
AN ALL-NIGHTER
Susie Wigg Is Given a
Divorce Decree.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Jan. IS.
Puprrior Judge Ogden to-day granted a
decree of divorce to Susie Wigg, the chlld
liride of George H. Wigg. on the ground
cf desertion.
The couple were married in Portland.
Or.. August 4. 1696, after a short acquaint
ance. Mrs. Wigg. who at that time wis
Susie Wensley. had scarcely passed htr
sixteenth birthday, and the" groom, aped
£3 years, was a painter. When Wigg
pressed his suit for the heart and hand
of the girl her mother interposed objec
tions, and when marriage was proposed
Mrs. Wcnsley emphatically refused to
jrive her consent to the union. The girl's
lather. however. manifested a more
lenient disposition, and banking their
hopes on this the young lovers eloped and
•were married.
The season of their matrimonial biles
¦was of short duration, for attt-r a f« w
lirlef months the husband began acquir
ing the habit of staying out late of r.ishts.
An investigation showed that he found
more pleasure shuffling cards at a green
covered table than in the comforts of Ms
newly made home and status. Soon pro
visions at the Wigg household became so
scarce that the child-wife was compelled
to knock at the parental door, seek fqr
piveness at the hands of her mother, who
had frowned upon her match, and ask for
Finally in October IS?S. the erring all
nighter absolutely deserted his young
Vride. He informed her that he propose!
to enlist in the Oregon regiment and sail
for Manila. Mrs. Wigg and her parents
promptly removed to Oakland, and after
paining a residence he-re the deserted
child-bride filed suit to have dissolved the
bonds that had been so hastily entered
into. The plaintiff was granted permis
sion to resume her maiden name.
Suit for a divorce was commenced to
day by Marie Stewart against George D.
Fiewart. The complaint, prepared by At
torney D. Mitchell, alleges desertion.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
OAKLAND, Jan. 18.— In a drawing-room garlanded with pink roses • and
smilax Miss Florence Mayhew. the beautiful daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
G. H. Mayhew, became the bride to-night of Lowell E. Hardy. The
bride's grandfather. Rev. H. A. Mayhew, of Sacramento, a retired min
ister, performed the ceremony, in the presence of the two interested fami
lies and a few very old friends.
Miss Mayhew, who has been counted one of the most charming belles of
the younger society set, was gowned In a simple but dainty dress of white
organdie, trimmed with white satin ribbon, which had performed the same
ofllce for her mother. She wore a veil of tulle and carried a shower bouquet
of white flciir de lis, tied with tulle streamers. Her bridesmaid, Miss
Rozelle Nicholson, was In white organdie over green and carried a shower
bouquet of ferns.
Mr. Hardy was attended by Fritz Catton, as best man, and received his
bride from Judge Myrick of San Francisco, who. as a relative, performed this
pretty ofllce.
The wholo service was simplicity Itself, yet was one of tho prettiest of
the year. Congratulations followed it, and then the guests were served with
light refreshments. Mr. and Mrs. Hardy left later for Dutch Flat, where
they will make their home, and where Mr. Hardy Is Interested In the drug
business. They will take no wedding tour beyond this home journey, and will
on their arrival at once arrange their residence.
The bride is a graduate of the Oakland High School, as is Mr. Hardy.
The latter extended his studies to the chemistry department of the Uni
versity of California to fit him for his profession. He Is a son of Mr. and
Mrs. I* J. IJardy and has numerous friends both hero and In his future home
CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL
AT ST. FRANCIS CHURCH
The long deferred Christmas festival for
the benefit of St. Francis Sunday school
was held last evening In tho large hall
beneath that well known church and
netted a round sum. An excellent pro
gramme, consisting of literary and musi
cal numbers, was presented, as was also
an operetta entitled "Tables Turned." and
the efforts of those who participated were
greatly "appreciated by the audience that
tilled the hall. Following was the pro
gramme:
Selections, Orpheus Strlne Club; tenor solo,
Richard Hunt; piano solo. Frank Lauinger;
"Colleen and Lof>sli>," Miss Bessie McDevitt
(pupil of Mrs. Orr); vlnlln solo, Rudolph RuefT;
recitation. W. O'Brien; son*, selected. Fred
O'Connell. Operetta, "Tables Turned"—Dra
matis pereonae: Miss Kathryne Campbell, Miss
Constance Fisher, Miss Anita Gleason, Miss
Maud KUcommon. little Ella de Andres, Miss
Charlott« Gand, Miss Helen Chase, Miss Afrnes
Johnson. Miss Terea Wallace. Miss Edith
Dayly. Froet sprltes-»lrene Thlele, Mary Gia-
nettonl. Mamie Melntyre, Norah Bruno, Millie
Black. Rnowflakes — Ella Melntyre. Anita Chris
tlanson, PtPlla Hynes. Viola HefTrln. Nations-
America, Miss May Markel; Ireland, Miss Delia
McKay: Africa, Miss Ethel Hynes; France
Mlrs Hazel Gleg; Germany, Mips Mary Peter
con: Italy, Miss Hattlc Glanettonl; Russia
Miss Eth"l Fchape; China. Mlbs Ames Mc-
Mahon. White rabbits— Masters Ilyan and Dn
Andres.
TO CLEAR ITSELF OF DEBT.
Benefit Entertainment Being Ar
ranged by the Seamen's Cath
olic Institute.
A number of ladles and gentlemen who
aro interested In the Seamen's Catholic
Institute are arranging to give an enter
tainment and dance at Native Sons' Hall
during trie latter part of February. The
object Is to pay off a debt that is now
hanging over the organization. Among
those who have the management of the
benefit are Mrs. M. 11. de Young, Mrs.
Richard Carroll, Mrs. M. A. Tobln. Mrs.
Samuel Rainey, Mrs. Welch, Dr. W. F.
McNutt and W. R. Whittier.
Among those who will participate in the
programme will be a number of favorites
from the local theaters, besides such well
known entertainers as Peter Howell. El
ton Lambert. Edward Krelss, E. Hogan,
George Cheney, William Moore, James
Sullivan. Charles Nounan, George Wal
lace. Mr. Nelson, Harry Sullivan, Frank
Hergez. George Collins, Herbert Krelss.
Dr. J. F. Smith. Clarence Berry, "William
Radlgan, George Krelss and the Colum
bia quartet.
The Institute was established a little
more than two years ago by the Catholic
Truth Society, and Its object is to pro
vide a place where seafaring men of every
creed and color can spend their spare
time pleasantly and profitably. The head
quarters are at 9 Mission street.
FRUIT GROWERS
MAY DO THEIR
OWN SHIPPING
Object to the Rail
road's Rates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. IS.
The fruit growers of Eden Township
have combined to fight the exorbitant
frHght rates imposed by the Southern
Pacific on their products shipped over that
road. They will charter a steamer,
which will make daily trips from Roberts
Landing in West San Lorenzo to San
Francisco.
Not only do the fruit growers of that
district, which comprises Hay wards, San
Lorenzo and San Iveandro, complain of
the excessive freight rates, but of the
slowness of the transportation also. They
assert that it takes twelve hours to ship
a box of fruit from San Lorenzo to San
Francisco, and it is nearly Impossible to
get perishable vegetables to market be
lorc they are withered.
Nearly all of the loading ranchers of
Kdr>n Township have signified their will
ingness to enter into the scheme. It has
not yrt I e?n determined what vessel will
be secured for the purpose of opposing the
Southern Pacific, but it is probable' that
the steamer San Lorenzo will be char
tered. /
COURT NOTES.
Next Wednesday Judge Troutt will hear
the petition of Mrs. Nettle R. Craven for
a family allowance from the estate of the
late James G. Fair.
Mrs. Genevleve Goad-Martin has peti
tioned the Superior Court for leave to dis
pose of certain stocks, horses, carriages
and fixtures of the estate of her late hus
band, Andrew D. Martin, In order that
certain pressing claims against the estate
may be met.
OAKLAND. Jan. IS.— Andrew Carr.e
gie to-day Instructed the city of
Oakland to draw upon him for $5*,
000 for the new free library build
ing, to be located upon the site purchased
for the city by the ladies of the Ebell So
ciety. With this act the future of Oak
land'! dream, a new library building. !s
assured. Nothing is now left but to be
gin the work of preparing plans and ccn
structir.g the building. This will be done
at once.
With this gift from a non-resident of
the city a new era seems to have dawn?d
upon Oakland. From the very moment,
six months ago. when Henry A. Chltten
den. an Oakland newspaper man. secured
this gift from Mr. Carnegie. Oakland tooK
on a new life. Following Immediately
upon this gift was secured a public build
ing and a tlte for the city, wth J300.000
to be Invested by the Federal Government
In this work. Then came the awakening
over the bonding proposition, with a new
City Hall, parks, boulevards and better
streets and sewers in the Immediate fu
ture.
The gift of so large a sum from a man
who has never been within the borders
seems to have acted as a stimulus to the
UNION CLOAKMAKERS MEET.
Consider How to Break Down the
Barriers Set Against Them.
by Employers.
The Cloakmakers' Union of San Fran
cisco met last night at 117 Turk street to
devise means to meet the action of the
three combined cloak dealers who locked
out their employes yesterday because they
refused to abandon the union.
The three firms which. It was said at
the meeting, are determined not to em
ploy union men are Meyer Bros., 7 and 9
Battery street; Davidson & Miller, 731
Guests of Commercial Travelers.
Union Square Hall was crowded last
night with the members and friends of
the San Francisco Commercial Travelers'
Association, on the occasion of its an
nual entertainment and dance. The af
fafr was strictly Invitational.
The dancing of two little misses—
Queenie Tilton and Gladys Montague
was the prettiest feature of the pro
gramme. F. J. Byrne, Fred Grifflng
Frank Weston. T. W. Hlckey and Messrs
La faille. Hrackett and|Rhodes were each
warmly applauded for their efforts. The
success of the gathering was largely due
to the general committee, composed of
E. Dunn, H. 11. Becker. H. Heinz. Nick
Marisch. B. O. Frederick, C. B. Tarrant
and C. B. Torres.
GRAND INSTALLATION.
Last night more than 2.7 X) people In Na
tive Sons' Hall witnessed the public In
stallation of the officers of Golden Gat 1 !
Camp. Woodmen of the World. The main
hall was tastefully decorated In white,
pale blue and ferns and flowers, and over
the stage were th» words "Welcome to
Golden Gate Camp, Woodmen of the
World."
There was an overture, followed by the
singing of the Woodmen's ode by the
ono thousand members of the camp. Then
followed a short address of welcome atid
a drill by the degree team of the camp
in full uniform. The following named of
ficers were then installed by M. T. Moses.
Fred T. Phelps, past consul commander:
Thomas F. <Juinlan. consul commander; Ed
ward R. Knceiman. advisor lieutenant; A. J.
\v>lnert. banker; IV Oliver Jr., clerk; John
Boyle. BFslytant clerk: F. E. Trimble, escort;
l>r. Z. T. Malahy, watchman; David Brown,
pentry: J. F. Hrleht. V. G. rtaymoure, E. B.
Wlllcox. managers; r>r. C. J. Patton, Dr. E
I* Battelle, Or. R. M. H. Berndt. Dr. A. D.
Mcl>fnn, I>r. \V. IV Durnham. Dr. 7.. T. Mala
by. Dr. A. Mll<*s Taylor, camp physicians.
A magnificent jewel was presented to
Pflpt Consul Commander F. T. Phelps.
The. ceremonies concluded, dancing fol
lowed, but the main hall not being largo
enough to accommodate all who wished
to whirl in the waltz, the banquet hall
was turned into a dance hall, and more
than three hundred couples danced there
until midnight. The affair was a grand
success in t-very Fpnsp and was under the
control of the following named:
General committee— l>. Oliver Jr., Oeorg* J
FtmnK. A. T. ljove. V. O. Haymnure, J. 8.
I'atter/win. Reception committee — George J
Hlrovg. chairman; T. P. Qulnlnn. T. C. Galney,
O. Olson. George 11. Wilson. F. K. Teeter,
Hirhanl Fahy. F. T. Phelps, W. E. Klmball,
Alfred J. Fritz, William Krause, Georire H
Cabanlsx, J. F. Bright, E. D. Melvin. W. H
Dick, W. B. Currier, L. 8. Iliab<\ John Boyle.
Floor manager— V. O. Itaymoure. Floor com
mittee—Dr. F. P. Ashworth. E. R. Enpelman,
J. J. Mitchell. J. J. Peterson. J. J. McCarthy,
Dr. A. D. McLean, A. E. Graupnec
Home Rules the World.
OAKLAND. Jan. 18.-Mrs. B. Fay Mills
purprlsed the Oakland Club yesterday
during a discussion upon the "New
Woman."
"The gr«»at reforms of the present day
will not l»e effected by the suffragists of
to-day," paid Mrs. Mills, "but by the
woman who Is true to her home life and
to her home duties. The greatest good
will come from the. home. The woman in
the home is the most powerful factor in
the development of the times."
Only In rare instances 13 corporal pun-
ishment permitted in Russia.
LOWELL E. HARDY
WEDS MISS MAYHEW
FENCING OFF
A SECTION OF
LAKE MERRITT
Cutting Drives Piles
Around a Claim.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 18.
Another move was made on Lake
Merritt to-day, when Francis Cutting,
who owns the property at 14^4 Harrison
street, backing upon Lake Merritt, began
driving piles into the lake, fencing off a
considerable portion of the water surface.
The property thus fenced off is triangular
in shape and is claimed by Mr. Cutting.
The fencing is being done because Mr.
Cutting fears that the city Is about to
make some move to clear its title to the
Lake Merritt lands and he wishes to bo
in technical possession of the section of
the lake frontage claimed by him. This
driving of .piles into the lake was noticed
by Street Superintendent M. K. Miller,
who at once reported the fact to the
Board of Public Works as follows:
"I beg leave to report that piles are
being driven in Lake Merritt (presumably
by Mr. Cuttincr) on lhe south line of
Twentieth street, from the shore easterly,
with the evident intention of fencing in a
piece of land not covered by the waters
of the lake."
This is now a piece of land above water,
but It is in that section to which Coun
cilman Taylor referred when he made his
original move against those who have
jumped the lake frontage. Mr. Cutting
claims his piece by right of title, and Is
not jumping the, frontage. He is pro
tecting what he considers his interests.
There are no maps of this section to show
whether he is infringing upon city prop
erty. .
Market street, and M. Slminoff, 1223 Mar
ket street. Simlnoff declared last night
that all his force was working.
About 100 men were present, and then*
was much argument on the rights of labor
and the measures necessary to secure best
results. M. Scrift occupied the chair and
J. Boyarsky acted as secretary. Ad
dresses were made by Ed Rosenberg, sec
retary of the San Francisco Council of
Labor; Arthur R. Andre, organizer of the
same; Walter Macarthur, and others.
After a long discussion it was resolved to
instruct the delegates of the union to meet
the executive council of the Trades
Unions, which convenes to-night, state
the case of the cloakmakers to that body
and reach some method of procedure by
joint action.
MARRIED ONE YEAR.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Plunkett Cele
brate Their Wedding Anni
versary.
An elaborate dinner was given last night
at a downtown rotisserle by Mr. and Mrs.
William John Plunkett in honor of the
first anniversary of their wedding. The
banquet hall and table had been beauti
fully decorated for the occasion with a
profusion of flowers and evergreens, anil
the many floral tributes of which the host
and hostess were the recipients wore
strewn about the room in picturesque
profusion.
A splendid menu, complete in every de
tail, was discussed for several hours, dur
ing which a string orchestra rendered
some delightful musical selections. At
the conclusion of tho dinner Judge J. F.
Barry, who acted as tcastmaster, made
a felicitous speech, in which he wisiied
all sorts of prosperity for Mr. and Mrs.
Plunkett on behalf of the assemble J
guests. Mr. Plunkett responded appro
priately, and there followed an im
promptu programme of Instrumental ami
vocal selections, which added greatly to
the enjoyment of the affair. Among those
who contributed interesting numbers were
Mrs. Plunkett. John Woostcr, Mrs. Midh,
Mrs. A. E. Chipperflcld and Misa L. A.
Ferry. Toasts were also responded to by
Dr. L. R. Rlgdon. John C Spinney and K.
H. Hart. Following is the list of guests,
most of whom were present at the mar
riage of Mr. and Mrs. Plunkett one year
ago:
Mr. and Mrs. John B. Wooster, John
Wooster, Misa Luella Munson, Mrs. Lu
cia Douglass, E. H. Hart, Mr. and Mrs.
Mish. Dr. L. R. Rigdon and wife. Mr.
and Mrs. Alfred E. Chlpperfleld, Mr. and
Mrs. John C. Spinney. Miss L. A. Ferry,
Mrs. E. Dotie, Mrs. N. Loupy, Miss A.
Loupy, Miss Rose Debonair and Juige
Barry.
be raised in the building we are about
to erect.
"If the ladies of the Ebell Society will
lend their features, the men of Oakland
will put their profiles in an ornamental
frieze, that their civic energy may never
be forgotten.
"Let us hope that this donation will
act as a spur to greater civic sacrifice
on the part of our own citizens. This is
a time to make history for Oakland.
Parks, drives, wharves, docks, sewers,
school houses, all necessary — all to be had
for little sacrifice, and that only tem
porary.
"Thanks, Mr. Carnegie; thanks for your
generous gift, but we are not passing the
bat any more. You have been more than
generous. You have done more than do
nate a library. You have caused us to
resolve and pledge one another as citi
zens of Oakland to help ourselves."
CITY COUNCILMEN
LOOKING FORWARD
OAKLAND. Jan. IS.— The invitation
from Andrew Carnegie that Oakland
mipht draw on him for its new library is
looked upon by the City Councilmen as
the herald of the dawn of a new era for
the city. Their opinions follow:
COUNCILMAN F. R. CxIRARD— A
stranger has given $50,000 for a library
building, thanks to Mr. Chittenden. The
ladles of the Ebell Society have furnished
a site on which to erect the structure.
NEW INDUSTRY FOR
SIGHTLESS WOMEN
OAKLAND. Jan. 18.— The management
of the Home for the Adult Blind haa
started a new Industry at that institu
tion. It 13 that of reseating cane chaira.
and the work is performed by the female
inmates of the place. The price charged
ranees from 50 cents up to 11. which in
cludes recaning and varnishing. All or
ders sent to the home will be promptly
looked after, and it is hoped that the
patronage will bo liberal. Half of th?
money goes to the State and the balance
is given to the operatives.
Claims aggregating SISOO have been ap
proved by the Mate Board of Examiners
for labor performed by inmates of the
home. This will come out of the special
appropriation made for that purpose.
We have also been given a new postoffice
by the National Government, and we
surely ought to be able to get a new City
Hall by means of taxation. The new
career of Oakland has commenced, I
think, and the efforts of the fossils to pre
vent advancement will no longer prevail.
The bond issue for public improvements
will certainly pass, and the Xwentieth
century will see us leaving the rear and
forging to the front.
COUNCILMAN B. C. CUVELLIER—
The new century will commence with the
new epoch in Oakland's history. We are
now bound to go ahead, and I think that
the building of the new library will be
quickly followed by the erection of a new
City Hall, new schooihouses, new fire
engine houses, new pavements, new sew
ers and harbor improvements that will
enable deep water vessels to come tn
here. When all this is done Oakland will
be one of the foremost cities of the
country.
COUNCILMAN ANSON BARSTOW-
The ladies of the Ebell Society should be
congratulated and Mr. Henry A_ Chitten
den should be thanked. To them Is due
the fact that Oakland is soon to have a
magnificent new public library. Other
public improvements will soon follow, I
feel confident, and it will not be long be
fore the city is placed upon a ievel com
mensurate with Its size and importance.
The order for a forward march movement
was given when Andrew Carnegie agreed
to give the city of Oakland $50,000 for a
new public library. We have abrogated
the standstill policy which has so long
prevailed and will now make up for lost
time in going ahead.
OAKLAND SHOULD
HELP ITSELF NOW
OAKLAND. Jan. 18.— Mayor Snow was
informed of the receipt of Mr. Carnegie's
letter soon after it had been opened.
"If the president of the Board of Li
brary Trustees," he said, "has received
Mr. Carnegie's donation of $50,000, well
and good, but I am not hurrahing about
it nor advocating that this is the best
way for Oakland to progress. If Mr. Car
negie had been a citizen It would have
put a different face upon the matter, but
he is not, and I feel like a beggar. How
ever. Mr. Carnegie is entitled to the more
credit for his broad philanthropy and
generous gift. And to Citizen Chittenden.
who would have given a library outright
if he had been financially able— who did
the next thing possible and secured the
donation for us— to him a tablet Hhould
IN NEXT....
=j A CHURCH I =
A CALIFORNIA WHERE PEOPLE VISITORS'
LOGGING ARE DAY
CAMP MARRIED AT
IN WINTER. AT SAN QUENTIN.
I WHOLESALE. |
HOW TO LIVE HAPPY DURING YOUR
WIFE'S ABSENCE FROM HOML
By ROY McCARDELL.
ROWING i =| THE BOOKS
vs ' THE SUICIDE. 0F
FOOTBALL. A Full , Pagc Dfaw , THE WEEK.
By PROF. BENJ. IDE ing by By
WHEELER and J. A. CAHILL RROR H B LATHROP
DR. F. R. WOOL' cf
SEY. ' ' Stanford University.
i
THE STORY OF JOU SING, THE CHINESE MAIDEN, FOR
THE POSSESSION OF
WHOM THE LAST HIGHBINDER WAR WAS STARTED.
9
ANDREW CARNEGIE.
P. S. — I hope the library is to be fire
proof. It contains precious treasures.BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BCSIM-E3 OFFICE cf the Ban Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Thtrd streets, open
xir.til 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C 27 Montgomery street.
cot icr O»Ti Egm until S:3O p. m.
T/O llayr« ftreet; ojien until 9:30 p. tn.
C 39 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lark'.n Itnect; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
|:?<l Mlffirn rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
ZZCI Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
r.tii 9 p. tn.
:0S Eleventh street; open until • p. m.
]GWj Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
ZTZZ Po!k ttreet; ci>en until S p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: cpen until 9 p. m.
cuvneu services.
THE Christian Catholic Church, John Alex.
Dovie. »;e:ieriil overseer— \Y:1I hold services at
Union Square Free Baptist rhurch. IIT7 Bu*h
t-t.. n«;ar Larkin. Lord's day. January 21. at
J p. m. Teaching on divine lirallng. followed
by Triune immersion; candidates bring robes:
:..:.,• Bible*; tell friends. Conducted by
Eldfrs Wllhlde and Vik'.n*.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. L K. .__=_.
T., No. 6 Poet *t.— Kejju'.ar assembly "6ti"p
THIS EVENING. Order of the Tern- tt3j
pie. Ail fra:ers cordially invited. «*'
SIR JOHN TONNINGSEN. Com. v
LA PARFAITE UNION LODGE NO. 17. •
K. and A. M.— Meeting FRIDAY. Jan-
vary 18, at * p. m. Fir*t d'tree. By or- /l_*
der oT the W. M. /^r>
P. DE ST. JULLIEN. Sec.
OI'IIIR Lodge No. 171. I. O. O. F.— ~n2Ji±Zz,
Members will pUase take notice 3^"S&
that there w.il be initiation THIS
tFEIDAY) EVENING. *VAV$r
GEO. COLLIER. N. G.
REGULAR meeting cf the Caledcn- . Ov
!a.T Club THIS EVENING at S O C!j
o'clock at Scottish Ifa!!. 117 Larkln ' < j3»vJL_-t
ret. ANGUS McLEOD. Chief. **»?•
ANDREW MrN.Vlrt. Secretary.
ST. ANDREW'S Society will cele- v •_»,
brate the Hist anniversary of the 2>, %M\Fl
birth of ROBERT BURNS by a "SX^L*
concert' and dance at Scottish Hall, "SjCft
:¦ 7 Larkin Ft.. <-n FRIDAY EVENING. 26th
:.->:. WILLIAM ItALXAVES, Pres.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
f"LAN"D. Life and Labor." lecture by ISAAC
6ELUY. on SATUttDAT EVENING, at 8
p. *n.. at the V. M. C A.; admission free;
collection.
THE annual meeting of the membership of the
i Workmen's Guarantee Tunj Association will
take place at !i« office, room 03, Flood build-
ir-tr. TCESOAI EVENING. Jan. 30. at 7:30
o'clock. H . G. PRINCE. Sec.
THE California Debris Corr.n-.isslon, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. F. Oowdery. the Lucky
Pcir.l mine, near St. Louis, Sierra Co.. to »ie-
rc*lt tailing* In a worked-out pit; from Chas.
6. Dleff-m. in the Kiffie Point claim, at Grass
Flat. t?i*-rra Co.. to deposit ta'.llr.gs in Grass
Flat Ray-ie; from Morris J. Williams, in the
Wee<ls Po'.r.t mine, r.ear Camptonville, Yuba
Co.. to deposit tailings In a ravine, and from
E. A. Moody, in th» Inskip placer mine, at
Goi<J P.an, Placer Co., to deposit tailings in
H<ji;ires Ravine, tJves nctice that a meetlr.r
•will be held tt room 53, Flood bulldin*. ban
FrancHro. Cal., en January 2S, I!*>J, at 1:30
P. a.
ANNUAL meeting— The postponed annual
meetirsg of the stockholders of the KILAUEA
FL'CAK PLANTATION COMPANY will I*
h.eid at the office of the company. No. 317
Market street. San Francisco. California, on
THURSDAY, the r:th day of January. 1900.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electlnc a board of directors to serve
for the er.sulnc year, and the transaction of
fjrh other business as may ccme before the
ineetlnir. Transfer books will close en Satur-
<i*y. January Z3. UW. st 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meeting
of the KtockhoMers cf th- OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP COMPANY will be held at the efflce of
the company. ;;7 Market st.. Kaa Francisco,
<~a!.. on MONDAY, the Tii day of January.
:.- \ at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. t for the
X'urpoee of electirK a board of directors to
»erve fcr the ensuing year ani the transac-
tion cf such otlier hairiness as may come be-
*ore the rn'rtinj. Transfer books will close
en FRIDAY. January 12. 1900. _t 3 o'clock
;¦. -i. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
fTOCKJIOLDERS* meeting— The annual meet-
Ire cf the stockholrter» cf the UNION IRON
WORKS will J-e-held St the office of th* onra-
»any. ;r: Market et.. fan Francisco, on TUES-
DAY. January 23. I VI O. at 11:30 o'clock a. m..
fcr the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
¦franractloa of such other business as may
ccrac before the meeting.
J. 08. GUNN. Secretary.
Offlre. r? Market rt.. Ean Francisco. Cal.
January ». 19C3.
BORROW on diamonds: secrecy: private en-
trance: private rms. Uncle Harrin. 15 Grant.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. M APERY of Ejrypt. *rr»atest antrolo-
cirt and T>almist in the world: satisfaction
r'inmme*"J. 417 O^Men Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe* without Fucces«: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. S.lO Market, cor. Ftocktn.
ADVICE fr*-e: no ohtirre unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. J-T7 Market st.. cpp. Mason.
V. H. MERZBACH. attorney «t law. has re-
Fumni pra-tlce ot WJ <-al. Ft.. Clunle bids.
L P. «LAfiKTEmma Ppreckels bl dr.. 9:7~Marl
"ke» (-'.: f-ririyultarlon free; no fees in advance.
"uoard l^xo noiias.
IioTEL
n»w furniture; f.rrt -class tn every respect;
table unren '3. ssed; bat and cold water: ele-
v«ter: mite*, with board for 2. i'A month up.
JCEW fan-.liy hotel: Rrrt -class In all sppolnt-
men:*; excellent tab!": special Inducements to
*el»ct j*»ople. f-H" California St.. occupying
co— n?r opposite Grace Church.
TIH". Nor— lan^ie. XC Eddy— Funny suites anl
rir.rrle room*: hou»» completely renovated;
new can-ets: new furniture; excellent table;
new management.
••Ild/IRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— ?un-
b>- *uit«*s: ».e*t board: ;. tM up; single. j;2 M.
HAIGHT. Id— Sunny rooms with board; terms
reasonable.
LA? TALMAS. :«:a Market Ft.-Puite cf 2 or 3
nsf.; private: !>ath; sin. rms.: board optional.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable^ roomsi
good home oookirr: Fpeclal rates to gent«.
FT'NNY earner rrx-rns. with board. In refined
private family. I€? 2 F«-ll St.. cor. Msernic aye.
BORROW on pianos. furniture, diamonds,
r.nlr.tlnrs: rwtwy. Uncle Harris. 1", Orant ay.
DOAKD AND HOOKS WANTED.
ANY smount 1o loan you on diamonds: low ln-
t>T-*t. UNfLE H»P.RIR. l!i Grant aye.
HOARDING I'OU CKILDUO..
1 OR I children to bcanJ; J:0 per month each
9C4 McAllister Ft.
X—VDY would like to take care of a child; good
l"..ie. Address CIZ Minna Ft.
TO lviard— An infant or small child; JlO per
T/Tty ?it Lexington aye..
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
FCIIOOL HOOKS fought and exchanged'
Hniir.f? lionk Co.. 704 Mission Et.. near Third.
K^OJ AXPSnOE BARGAINS.
BOYS' strong chocs. 70c: boys* fine chocs. Jl; in-
fant** rhocs. Csc: chlldrtn'6 shoes. iCe up; la-
«sle»* Fhofs, fl; men's boots, special, SI 75. Peo-
Pfa I ** t-"h'x* t^tore. 1303 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
g BtSINI^SS CHANCES.
A— SZ^>: DAIRY produce and dellcacy~'store"
with S Urine rooms; rent $12; a good-paying
bumnets. Inquire It. G. WILKE, StOo Market.
A— SliO-PARTNER wanted In cstitbl. butcher-
Si>h<p; <j-«n«r wants honest assistant: knowl-
edge of business not necessary. R. G. WILKE
X* Market st.
A— ¦fSO-PAi'.TXER v.antrd !n chop and coffee
K house; lively country town; place clearing »C 0
for c_ch partner. Call «. C. WILKE, 30.
Mariift gt.
A-tiCC— Corner f_1oon; II furnished rooms; rent
{40. 11. G. WILKE. 006 Market Et.
A _;:7uO_ELEGANTLY fitted up caloca on
bert trar_:er corner of this ciiy; low rent-
be>n class of custom: place Crst-class pavl
ing, owner to attend to his ranch cause of
_«-!*¦ Call H. G. WILKE. MX Mark'.t bt.
A— ftfOO; KALOCN on Market st., close to Sev-
enth: rent net $S0; tplendidly paying place -
ether encacements cause of sale R G*
WILKE. X* Market et. '
A— »S>o— BAKERY near McAllister st. ; estab-
g .:•:••¦¦: years; ell Ftore trade; large stock -
rent JTS; 4 years' lease; iv_ barrels per day.
Call U. G. WILKE, 906 Market et.
A-ta*o; GROCERY in Oakland, with horse and
t-c«0..; rent J10; a good paying business: ail
lrc-eh stock. Call It. G. Wlike. 'jO6 Market-
A— KOG: DELICACY Ftore and branch bakery;
on Larkin ft.; rent SU; good paying business:
fine place tor 2 ladles or man and wile Call
R. G. WILKE. Si* Market et.
BAKERY in to— -n near San Francisco doing a
line cash business; large stock; good fixtures:
horre and wagon; cheap rent; trial given;
great sacrifice. JONES & CO., SCS Market st.
A GOOD chance— Wine business doing a pay-
Ing bus!n«*Ft**; only ebout KM required. Apply
A. M. SPECK & CO., C 67 Market st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A RARE opportunity for small Investors— For a
limited time stock in a reliable mining com-
pany will be sold nt 25 cents per share, pay-
able one cent per t-hare per month. Address
box 122*. Call office.
JT^-STATIONERY, notion, cigar and variety
Ftore; best location In city; living-rooms; sick-
ness cause of sale. CITY BUSINESS EX-
CHANGE, 79 Third et.
$175— GROCERY and bar; living-rooms; good
location: bargain. CITY BUSINESS EX-
CHANGE. TV Third st.
WANTED — Good, steady man as partner in
buslnef-s clearing $75 a month to each; must
have $ICO or more. 73 Third vU
$300— FINE corner saloon, with cluhrooms. north
j Market: clear* $75 month: sacrifice. l this week.
j CITY BUSIXKSa EXCHANGE, 79 Third Bt.
A— s2oo; HOME restaurant In Alimeda; l>ig
trad**; fixtures cost mot— than tsked: sick-
ness. GALE & BENSON. 320 Pai -ott bldg.
! HOME kitchen and delicatessen; clears $6 daily;
sacrificed because of sickness; Renulne snap.
GALE & BENSON. 3M Parrott buildlnc _
} SPECIAL forced sale— Ilairdresslnff and dress-
making parlT: ol.i estab. ; central: any ofter
I considered. Gale & Benson, S2O Parrott bldg.
DAINTY little home restaurant: central: Rood
busineFs: 4 living-rooms: sickness forces sale;
snap. GALE & BENSON. 220 Parrott bldg.
A~SACRIKI<_.: ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS.
$;i</0 — Business receipts $40 dally; net profit
uf l2Cu a month; a give away for tl'SnC; trial
given. 1-KEDO _ CO.. 22% Geary St.
' $:7.'.C— HOTEL: 29 rooms; good bar trade.
1 $,r.of>—, r .0f>— Partner: transfer and storage: money se-
cured; rare chance. KRi:i»O A C0..22H Geary.
$400— ItEST-.I'RANT; $40 daily: $125: coffee par-
| lor. KREIK) _ CO.. :2H Geary St.. room 29.
I $75— BRANCH bakery and stationery: don't miss
I this; 2 rooms. KfiEDO _ CO.. 22>_ Geary st.
I A— FINE opportunity to secure the State rights
of new patent required on even' ranch; wlh
I f.v« large amount of labor and do the work
' better than any other known; model to be
eeen at STENBERG CO.'S, 2G>_ ICearny st.
I A— JCOO— CORNER saloon: splendid location;
among factories; hot lunch; more than value
In right: sacrifice on account of other busi-
ngs. STENBERG _ CO., 26>4 Kearny et.
$450— BRANCH bakery and variety store; bar-
pain; going to Europe cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777^ Market St.
$2iO— SALOON; Kargain: this day; satisfactory
reason fcr pelling. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
i TT7" 1 * Market st.
JSS— FRUIT store; 3 living rooms: good business;
ct-ntral; cause, sickness. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
i CORNER rr<x~ery; full stock; sickness cause.
Soe COWING _ CO.. 1130 Market st.
CAPITAL wanted— l wish to embark In a
money-making business; will Invest $2000;
want $10,000 more: can use from ROM up; ex-
jiect to realize inside of Bix months JlO.OOO for
j every $1000 invested: desirable investment
I even for ladies; investigation v.ill satisfy the
! meet skeptical; references exchanged. Call or
address H. J. BARLOW, room 131, Grand
Hr-teL
j BUSINESS opportunity— Will sell complete Mo-
: t!on Picture public entertainment outfit, with
I larpe aJvertislnK bills and everything needed, !
j clif-Hp for cas-h; have made $C 0 to $300 per I
: week: no experience required to operate It;
; best of reasons for selling. Send this ad and
j address Drawer 146, Chicago.
I $4000
'PARTNER WANTED
With experience to enlarge dry goods and
Kent's furnishing business; running success- J
! fully for 20 years. Address 455 Seventh St., I
Oakland, Col.
FOR sa!e — A neat fancy dry goods and notion
f.ore. topether with the furniture of 3 rooms
complete; i>rice moderate. 2503 Folsom et.,
n«*ar Twenty-first, at once.
BOARDING-HOUSE and restaurant, doing fine
business, for sale; a bargain. Inquire MITCH-
ELL, lawyer, &54 Broadway. Oakland.
i GROCERY and liquor store; 3 living rooms;
pood location: good family trade. Apply 265
Third Et.
WANTED— Restaurant outfit; trill pay 2S per
cent more than dealer. Apply 227 San Carlos
avenue.
A GOOD paying saloon; cause sickness; price
$175. 611 Mission Bt.
PARTNER wanted to help promote valuable
U. S. and Canadian patent. 1221 Green Bt.
I GOOD going business; stationery', candy and
! notions. Apply 3174 O'Karrell st.
I PAPER route for sale; choice location; good ln-
I vestment. Box 1024. Call office.
$3.ift— FRUIT and dairy produce store: good
horse and waton. Address box 102fi, Call.
BRANCH bakery for sale; furniture, stock and
fixtures; cheap. Apply 1174 Harrison st.
MEAT market clearing $200 per month: will be
tnlrt cheap. Address box 1010. Call office.
1 PLUMBING shop; well established. 605 East
Twelfth St.. East Oakland.
______
A ROtTTE or. this paper for sale. Address box
6. Oakland Postofflce.
FOR sale— l have an Interest In a fine saloon
and commercial lunch house doing a Bplen-
<lid bnsta—M; a rare chance for a man willing
to work, too much work for one man; this is
«n h'-nest proposition and full trial given to
the rl^lit parties: flrst-class reference re-
quired. Address, box 2."34. Call office.
; FOR rent— To an op-to-date man with experi-
ence p. furnished hotel and race track In
Eureka, <"al.; located on main traveled road
and good chance tn make a nice paying busi-
ness. Apply to .1. O. UOVEREX. Eureka. Cal.
BADEN. South Pan Francisco; hotel for sale,
with 41 fcteady boarders, with pood prorpects;
must be foM on account of sickness. Inquire
Grand Hotel. Baden. South San Francisco.
FOR sain — A good paying bakery; cor. Ellis and
Webster sts.; must Ix; sold; account of sick-
nets of proprietor; price $200.
BARGAIN— A corner ealocn and lunch house;
I gocd location; must sell at once; good selling
roasoii; no agents. JZO First Bt.. cor. Natoma.
CUSTOM *hoe business for sale; established
over z:> year 3. 4 Summer st., bet. California
and Pine. .
$40— SHOE shop for Bale; established 3 years;
j worth *100; sickness the cause of Belling. Cor-
I ncr Nineteenth and Castro Bts.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant; must be sold on
account of sickness. Call between 11 and 1.
I 12 Jackson st.
I SAIXK'N' for sale cheap; rood reason for cell-
I Irs: $125 casli; worth twice the amount. 340V4
I Third St.
I BRANCH bakery and candy ctore at your price.
42? Third Et.
OLD established wagon-making and horseshoe-
ing business; 1Z years present location; cheap
on account of death of owner. 22 Courtland
avenue.
100-ROOM houye for Bale or exchange for lodg-
ing-house in Chicago or other business; no
apents. Box 2.*j22, Call office.
¦ STORE and grocery fixtures: cheap rent; good
location. Corner Twenty-second and Castro.
PLUMBING shop, stock and shop tools in good
location. Box 4252, Call office.
WANTED — A partner; male or female; good
paying business. Apply CVi Grove st.
$2500 CASH will purchase dry coods, notions
ani bazaar store; «-stablished 10 years; brok-
ers need not answer. For interview address
B. C . Call offlc-.
FOR sale — Grocery and saloon at a bargain; on
account of sickness. Inquire WITXEL &
BAKER. 214 Battery et.
SALOON, club, billiard room and cigar store;
j investigate. 4C3 Fourth st.; no airents.
I FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. Inquire at 712
Valencia st.
$5000— A FIRST-CLASS family hotel; patronized
by b*>st class of people: good paying business;
selling en account o" Blckness. It., box 2577.
Call office.
t7tno— A FIP.ST-CLASS cloak and dress suit
husines*. established 16 years, in one of the
l*->-T county peat towns of this State; r.nly
reason for selling, want to retire and enjoy
lite; will take part in exchance. Room 323,
Parrott bide.. San Francisco.
$2500— GROCERY business in one of the beat
country towns; fire modern store In center of
town; plenty of room to add general stock.
Inquire at 30 Lafayette St.. city.
BEAUTIFUL tailor store; must be sold at
tnce: fine business: rent only $7 a month;
party pcing away. Box 7142, Call office.
DftUG store; Park st. and Railroad aye.. Ala-
medn; a paying business; below Invoice; good
I reasons: investigate.
$1550—19 ROOMS newly furnished; rent $75; $600
<?own. balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
I COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEo!
; W. CASWELL & CO. ... 412 Sacramento et.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
I NEW bakery or laundry wagon, 3-can milk
wagon. 2-Reated spring wagon. 2 grocery or
delivery v.-agons. 22 Coutrland aye.
HACK, nearly new. and harness for sale cheap
Box B. Call. Oakland.
FOR sale— Fi.iest Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carrlcge. Inspect 1011 Sutter et.
NEW and 2d-h*r.d wagons, buggies, carte and har-
- ness, wk. _ driving horses. 15th and Valencla.
ALL kinds of wagons, bupgles, carts, harness
etc. cheap. EGAN A SON. 2117 Mision st.
100 BETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1110 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
W-.EN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 553-357 Tehama Bt.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. McQUEEN'S Callforna Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4^3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3?4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned Ht 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Bt. ; tel. Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
A— PROFESSOR MAY.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of tho
most skeptical; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection: If In doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you; mediums developed in from 3 to 6
months: letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hours, 9to S; Sunday, 10 to 2. ¦
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market 6t.. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases: sittings $L
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes st.. room 7, second floor.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m. 409 Leavenworth St.; 25 cents.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth, 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister, room S5; admission 10c.
MRS. HARLAND— Removed to 39 Turk; circle
to-night: prophetic tests; articles read; 10c.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; Isc up. 73 Fourth Bt., near Mission.
MRS. DU PREE, card reading; questions an-
swered by mull; advice given. 28 7th, room 7.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth Bt.. r. 12.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
St., 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer.
330 Ellis st.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
isfaction: readings this week 25c. 230 A Turk.
MRS. WEST returned to 1206 Market, parlor SI;
trance tost medium; home evenings and Sun.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs daily. 212». Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hue-,
band's picture. I.">c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market »L
COTTAGES TO LET.
$6 — BAY wln<low cottage. 5 rooms; water free.
Oft Crescent aye.; ViQulre 64 Silver St., off 3d.
FURNISHED COTTAGE WANTED.
WANTED TO RENT—* or 7 roorrT
with western exposure; furnished; give full
particulars, price, etc Box 1036. Call.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS 1 dental parlors, 927
Market at., over Cafe Zlnkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums: th» best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$) 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5: a
full pet of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and Btroneer than rubber, warranted for 10
years; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lore. 24 Sixth Bt.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 10 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— '•Painless'"; evenings and Sun-
<3avs. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $»: crowns. $3; fllllngs, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 9C9 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 11. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Ft.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
torg; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
PRBSgMAICEItS AND SISAMSTRESSKSJ
SUITS made on short notice. $3; skirts, 75c;
wrappers SI. ?73 Minna st.
S. F. Dressmaking Ladies' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dreesmaklnr. SB7 Geary st. : dresses
made. $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: leading nys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor A MolTat.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore.—
Adv'ce and medicine 75c; city visits $1 E0; all
animals treated: <me« hoarded. Tel. West 656.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24~Post Yt~, S. F\—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engl-
neerlng. * tc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted: most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculations. Tarr. cxp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year sot positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINBSS COLLEGE, 12S0 Market Bt.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical. mining,
mech., survey, assay, archl. ; day and even.;
est. 1364. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $.*>o; send for catalogue.
A— Singing, Piano, French, Spanish; Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. .130 G. G. aye.. r. 6: hr. 2-8.
CLASSES in German. French, Spanish; J2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
CJ^ASSES tn German. French, Spanish: $2 per
month; appointments by mall. 904 Taylor st.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthmetlc.grammar. writing;
day and night ; term 3 low. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett, Lyceum Theater, 310 O'Farrell st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI, 100S Mission; violin, mandolln.guitar.
"EXPANSION" th« order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College, 305 I-nrkin St.. opp.' City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
pnv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio 405 Geary,. 17.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary Bt.: tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Oflice —
be«t help. 414 V, O'Farrell St.: tel. Kast 426.
EMPLOYMENT AY ANTED — FE3IALE.
AN «*Tcperlenced nurse for children desires a
situation ; Ix-st of references. J. F. CROS-
ETT CO., 316 Sutter Bt.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a place to assist
with hounework or care of children. Call
2C4Vi Tehama st.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer, who
fits exquisitely, desires work by the day In
families or at home. 1127 Ellis st.
BY a competent stenographer and typewriter,
with own machine; $20 per month. Box 4239.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class cook; city
references; no postal cards answered. Call at
137',. Silver et.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with light housework-
KQOd reference. 618 O'Farrell st.
ENGLISHWOMAN, new arrival, requires dally
employment; good housekeeper and needle-
woman. 427^. Bryant Bt.
AMERICAN lady, competent, wants any kind
of good position. Call 1212 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress would like washing
to take home. 137 Julian aye.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE.
STRONG young competent woman wants gen-
eral housework; no objection to country or
children; $15 per month. Box 1020, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid; city or country;
best references. 404 Post st. - _
COLORED flrst-claßs cook desires situation In
a private family; wages $25 to $30. Address 20
Lewis et.
KIRST-CLASS laundress would like several
family washings; will take home or come to
the house. Call or address 2554 Greenwich st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. l£o Fourth Bt., room 7.
AMERICAN lady desires a position as house-
keeper; a good cook. Address MRS. NOT-
SON. 1715 Park at.. Alameda,
2 GERMAN girls to take care of children and
assist. 3000 Twenty-fourth Et., near Folsom.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation as work-
ing housekeeper In sickness or aa nurse. Ad-
dress SU Alabama at., near Twentieth.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of U.VCLK HARRIS. IS Grant avtf.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a posi-
tion in small family; plain cooking and light
housework. 121 Powell et.. room 29.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer de-
plies work by the day In families or at home;
fitting and satisfaction guaranteed. 1127 Ellis.
RESPECTABLE German lady wants to assist
in housework or housekeeping. Call from
10 to 4 at 549 Valencia st.
COMPETENT ' woman wants general house-
work; Is a good cook and laundress. Apply
at Rl3 Ninth st.. Oakland.
WI.N'CHESTEP. House, 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 E0 to $6
wrek; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch oflice. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hae been established at ICO6 Va-
lencia Bt.
A BRANCH oflice for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m. <l
EiirLO VMEXT WANTED 31-VLEJ.
COOK, German, thoroughly understands hotel
cooking, speaks English well, first class on
bread, meat arid cakes, wishes situation In
city or country. See J. F. CROSETT & GO.,
62S Sacramento Et.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class assayer,
amalgamator and cyanide man. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento Et.
POSITION In engine room by young man hav-
ing had two years' experience running trac-
tion and stationary engines. Address box 1025,
Call office.
POSlTlON— Engineer, fireman, blacksmith or
general machine man. Call or address W. S.
A., room 324, Winchester Hotel, S. F., Cal.
RELIABLE young man with experience desires
position as nurse; excellent references. Box
4246. Call office.
WANTED— By a young man, a situation In pri-
vate family: very best of references. Box
2.109, Call office.
PRACTICAL ladies' tailor wishes position as
cutter and fitter; absolutely competent. Box
1021. Call office.
MAN wants work as dishwasher or vegetable
man. W., 77 Natoma st.
SITUATION wanted— First-class designer, cut-
ter and fitter on ladies' tailor-made garments;
references given. Box 2529, Call.
BARTENDER wants situation In the city;
middle aged; references. Box 1008. Call office.
YOUNG, experienced and up-to-date man de-
s'.res position as bookkeeper or office clerk;
reference furnished. Address A. 11. Z., IC3I
Mi; "inn s!.
FIRST-CLAPS cook as broiler In cafe or restau-
rant. Address box 46, Call office. Oakland.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined: references unexceptionable. Address
; box 4263. Call oflice.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch oflice, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia Bt.
A BRANCH office for th« reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-Becond and Ken-
tucky stß. ; open till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician:
German eye water by mall. 50c. 1C71V4 Market
Ft.. Snn Francisco: examination freo.
PLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat. 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417V4 Third st.
ELEGANT flat, 6 rooms and bath; large base-
ment. 715 Grove st.
FINE sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; $1S:
Seymour aye., near Golden Gate aye. and
Bcott st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgon cry.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms. 210 Willow aye.. above
Van Ness.
THREE nice rooms, upstairs. ' Apply 11 Clara
St., between Third and Fourth.
TWO fiats: 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; 2
baths: 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant nve.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms and bath; nice location;
cheap. Apply 1469 O'Farrell Bt.. near Bu-
chanan.
$B— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl St.. off
Market, near Valencia. ; •
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
$11 — No less: flat 4 rooms; folding doors; marble
mnntle. 715 Tehama et.. near Eighth.
FRKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock hox 643. Los Angeleg. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 30xfiO Inch rugs.
SI. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St., near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4? 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., p.-jya
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red. 3353.
HELP WAXTED^FEMALE.
WAITRES^E^T^r?ENT^COfT~!T7 /.ZT^7^77.
10 waitresses. Los Angeles, free fare $20
12 waitresses, Pasadena, special rates $25
2 waitresses. San Jose $20
•waitresses, Fresno, Coming, Salinas $20
waitresses for Woodland; Reno, Nev $20
3 restaurant waitresses $6
2 lunch and dinner waitresses $4 50
4 chambermaids to wait and 2 chambermaids,
$20; ironer, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary Bt.
NURSE for an Institution, $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN &. CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Waitress nnd parlor maid,. $25;
Protestant second girl. $25; 6 waitresses for
restaurant, JC and 57 a week; head waitress,
private boarding house. $25; flrst-class cook,
plain work, $30; cook, coffee house, $7 and $10
a week: a larsre number of sirls for house-
work, city and country, $20 and $25; 2 nurses,
$20. and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
WANTED— A Japanese lady and cirl In na-
tional costume to serve tea to all customers
In a Japanese tea house at TOWNSEND'S.
manufacturer of candies and glace fruits, 735
Market st.
YOUNG lady for general housework: wages
$10; three in family; call Friday or Saturday.
142 Henry Ft.
NEAT girl wented for llcht housework and
or,3ist with baby; wages $15. Call after 12 at
2222 Geary Bt.
YOUNG girl to mln.l baby and help light
housework. 627 Larkln St.
WANTED— Competent girl; general housework;
Scandinavian or German. Apply 1434 Taylor.
GIRL to assist in general housework. 771 Cole
Bt.; call between 11 and 12; $12.
WANTED— Neat girl for housework. Apply
Alabama and Montcalm sts. . v
EXPERIENCED talloress wanted on fine cus-
tom coats. £33 Natoma st.
YOUNG girl for light housework: call fore-
noon; references. Apply 2503 California st.
WANTED— GirI for s#>neral housework; plain
cooking; three in family. 2612 Larkln st.
GIRLS lookine for housework call at MRB. G
D. SCOTT'S. 2143 D wight way. Berkeley.
GERMAN woman for general housework-
wages $20. AoDly 961 Golden Gate aye.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRL for general housework; German or
Swedish preferred. Call 11 a. m., 202S Bush
St.. near Webster.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on cloaks and good
sewers. M. SIMINOFF. 1228 Market Bt.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factor}-, cor-
ner Gongh and Grove sts.
SINGLE ladles wishing to join a social club
send address to MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Experienced men's neckwear mak-
ers; also apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON,
BIS Market st.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. IS First st.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 26._ Fremont St.: elevator.
LADIES* cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. .*•-•/*/;.'-'.• ;i ,
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk «t. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »ts. : open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED — .11 ALE.
rr!7?r.""wANTED .7?r....Tr??7rrrrrfr]
Man to sink shaft and timber mine, near city,
$2 per day, board and free fare
& miners, *i fare paid $2 per day
4 miners, Napa Co $52
6 ranch teamsters for different places near
city, $25 and $26 and board
woodchoppers tiemakers
shingle bolt makers
cooks, waiters and others; man to break
mules and drive team. $25 and board. W. D.
EWER &. CO.. 610 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY ..PHONE MAIN 5543
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want 7 a. m. To-day
Gardener, private family $25 and found
Choreman, private residence $20 and found
Boy to drive light delivery wagon $6 week
6 tie swampers, lumber co $30 and found
6 laborers, railroad work, lumber company...
$30 and found
2 single hand miners $60
26 farm hands, milkers, orchard and vineyard
hands, pruners, etc $20 and $26 and found
Vineyard foreman Farmers and Tv'lves
TO THE TIE CAMPS.... WOODCHOPPERS
SO tlemakers (redwood), 9c to 15c each: 150
woodchoppers for Mendoctno, Sonoma, Santa
Cruz, Yolo and other counties, from $1 to $3
cord, tools and provisions furnished. MUR-
RAY fc READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for a large sawmill company,
$50 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-626
Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARE
...And ship you to the sawmills and woods...
10 laborers, no experience required, only mlll-
Inc: laborine men; also tlemakers for same
company. ?c to lie each and fare paid. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AVASHER, country laundry $30 and found
12 cooks, city and country.. s33 to $50 and found
Walters, city and country Dlshwashei-
Bootblack, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-63 C
Clay at.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
teamsters and laborers for the Coast Road,
free fare; 3 miners, $2 50 a day. call early. 25
cent miners to go south, 70c a ton; 20 wood-
choppers, SOc to $1 40 a cord; 6 ranch team-
sters, $25; tinsmith, $2 50 a day; man and wife
private place, $30 to $35; coachman, good ref-
erences, $40
French waiter, country. $40; waiter, country
hotel, 125. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
SILVERMAN, country hotel. $25 and fare paid.
C. It. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — First-claFs coachman. $40 and
found; machine blacksmith. $4 to $5 day;
milker and choreman, $25; choreman for
ranch, $15; cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS* Trogresslve Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie IS2.
WANTFn— A strictly flrst-class gents* furnlsh-
Inp; poods salesman; one competent to take
full charge of a department. Apply to-day
from 2 to 3 p. m. at 623 Market St., room 7.
WANTED— A first-class carpet salesman. Ap-
ply at 623 Market at., room 7, between 2 and
3 j>. m.
WANTED— A strong, sober man. to attend to
lunch counter and help around saloon. 643
Clay Bt.
WANTED— Good barber, sober steady; wase-i
$12 and half over $20. H. E. JOHNSON. San
Luis Obisiw. Cal.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 302>4
Fourth st.
WANTED— Youny man that understands paper
mat cutting. Inquire 141-147 Fremont Bt.
STRONG boy from 14 to 16 years old in raa*.
chine shop. Apply at 143 Beale st.
BARBER wanted for Sunday. 797 Mission st.
PRESSERS and operators wanted on custom
ccats. Room 16, Flood bulldlnsr.
EOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. f.<32 Mission St., between Ist and 2d Bts.
BOOTRLACK wanted. 1333 Market St., corner
Tenth.
WAITER -wanted. 607 Clay st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. People's Restau-
rant. 631 Clay st. -,;
WANTED— A young butcher, at 153 Ninth St.;
must bo living with parents.
MAN for light work: German preferred; $100 re-
quired. Box 1017. Call office.
GOOD dishwasher; good pay. 120*^ Taylor st.;
call early. < " .
SEAMEN and green hands for cruise south.
327 Pacific st.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush St.. room 4. third floor.
OPERATORS, tailors and pressers on ladles'
cloaks. P. M. DAVIDSON & CO.. 731 Market.
SIX fancy weavers wanted. Apply at the San
Jose Woolen Mills, San Jose, Cal. *¦"
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to te.ich the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
inducemtns this month; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue.* HOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. C 35 Clay St. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art. •",- :¦.;.".
BARBER shop at your own price if sold this
month; make offer. 1542 Market St.
BARBERS— A complete three-chair outfit at a
bargain. Call at 911 Larkln st.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
50c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary * seamen,
Bt HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner cr supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver -iou.se, 217 Third et.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Bernard's barber shop.
Seventh and Mission sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard St.
PENSIONS— J. IL SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
— ; neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th nnd Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 41 Third st.. near Mart
ket; 700 rooms. 2,">c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the receDtton of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 122H Polk Bt.; open until » p. m.
A BRANCH offlco for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptlonn has been established *at th*
i:ortliwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Snle
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
DO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
IC2I and 1(25 Market St., bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also rome fine matched black teams.
100 HEAD mares and geldings; 4. 2, 10 years
old; 1000 to 1400 lbs.: $40 to $100; mostly all
broke. At the Canty Ranch, Grayeon, Cal.
FINE business horse for sale cheap. 1130 Mar-
ket st.. room. 1.
7 FRESH milch cows and calves. MRS. J. F.
PERLE, An.fl Island. :
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team. 16%: 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
Dostaze paid.
HOUSES— LODGING FOR SALE.
Paying house: clears $150 23 rooms $S5O
Downtown: rent $23 21 rooms 325
New flat; rent $14 8 rooms 250
Market St.; rent $75 25 rooms 850
Corner only: $300 cosh 16 rooms 800
Clearing $1(0; rent $50 29 rooms 550
Boarding;: corner house 32 rooms 2000
.Hotel and bar; 65 boarders 59 rooms 40©
100 other houses 3 to 500 rooms: $50 to 10.0C0
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS. ERICE
AND LOCATION.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKEIt. 1020 Market, opp. sth st.
13 ROOMS; Income $500 $2001
M rooms; cheap rent l!>00
17 rooms; good transient 450
26 rooms; good transient lft">o
13 rooms; good furniture 423
GALE & BENSON. 320 Parrott bids.
37-ROOM house: central location: clears $1.'.0
per month: any reasonable offer considered.
OALE _ BENSON. 220 Parrott building.
14 ROOMS: well furnished; rent $40 $3.V>
21 rooms: all rente!; rent $43 3no
40 rooms; fine location: rent $75 1£«
100 rooms nt a great bargain: rent $200 .... 3600
C 5 r. : rent $100; $1700. HASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$2200— PART cash; 12 rooms; best location north
Market; finely fur.; all rented. Bastle. 3 Eddy.
ROOMING hous?: 10 rooms; furniture for sale
Reasonable: call at 1 p. m. 130^ Ninth st.
SIX rooms and bath; bringing In more than
rent: bargain. 333 Turk it.
LODGING-HOUSE; 120 Third St.; 18 sunny
rooms: price ?300: rent $45.
HOUSES LODGING— To Let.
JCEATLY furnished house: 7 rooms and bath;
sunny side of street; nice neighborhood; $50.
1614 Golden Gate aye., bet. Scott and Devlsa-
dero sts.
ROOM suitabla for 1 or 2 in exchange for
assisting: boy evenings with studies. 1729 V&
Mission st.
HOUSE, 8 rooms; bath: carpets; large lawn;
fine view: see- It. 3932 Twenty-fourth ft.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
IN the warm belt of the Mission, house of 7
rooms and bath; rent cheap. 2021 Howard st.
Apply G. H. UMESEN A CO.. 14 Montgom-
ery st. %
AN artistic furnished house to rent or lease;
centrally located; 5 bedrooms; large parlors;
music and dlntn_ rooms, etc. : 10 minutes'
walk to Kearny St.; large grounds; rent $125.
Address, with full name, T. L. HALL, office
317 Mission it.
FINE bay-window house, 7 rooms and bath.
high basement; fine flower garden: I*3l Bu-
chanan Et., near Sutter. Apply G23 Golden
Gate aye. "c"tsii> ;
HOUSE of 6 rooms, $10; flat of 2 rooms, $5.
224 Rltch st.
$S— HOUSE of 5 rooms: healthy and In good
condition. 1557 Kearny Bt., near Greenwich.
BUSH. 1224 — Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 60.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: polite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
AN artistic furnished house to rent or lease:
centrally located; 5 bedrooms; large parlors:
music and" dlninrr rooms, etc.; 10 minutes'
walk to Kearny Ft. ; large prounds: r»nt $125.
AddreßS, with full name, T. L. HALL, box
1022.
LOST AM) FOUND.
STRAYED from Boston ranch, 400 Cambridge
St., 2 fresh milch cows; one red. branded (72);
one blue and white, branded (S): reward.
LOST— English setter. Return to JOHN' BER-
GEZ. 334 Pine st-; reward: name on collar.
P. O. ORDER No. 14,801. ' Finder return to
box 2E09. Call office.
FOUND— Builterrler. FRED GUSCH (Dogs'
Heaven), Mission road, Six-Mile House.
LOST— Pair diamond earrings. Return came to
210H Cllpoer st. and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with tne HiDerma Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. CATHERINE DALTON: No.
ISS-020. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of WINIFRED CH APPLE; No. 7-185.
The finder will please return to bank.
JAN. 14 last— Lady's back hair comb: solid gold
top; nmber points. Return to A. JIO.VA, 1027
Market St.; liberal reward.
CE RTIFICATE deposit the Nevada National
Bank of San FYancisco, No. 63.199, favor E.
L. STRAUSS and transferred to EMILY
STRAUSS, for $250. All persons warned
against negotiating. Return E. L. STRAUSS.
Pacific Stock Exchange.
BORROW on diamonds: perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay».
_______
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reUableTadles^phyl
stdan and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patlenrs before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market St.. between Ma-
son and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladien' spe- i
ciallst. formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office $3: warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice in S. F. Office, US Eddy st.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETII. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist: home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Poet St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin: hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years: treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation fre<>; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 10234 Market st.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5: consultation free. 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $5.
MRS. DR. AX.LEN. 1035 Market St.; hours 10
a. m. to 5 d. m.; at residence. 22S Van Ness
aye., 5 to 9 p. m. ; guaranteed treatment. $5.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
st.; every case guaranteed; $"> up.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyda
and Larkln; hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
Mrs. Dr. Allen, 1035 Market, ladles specialist;
guaranteed treatment at office, $5. Hrs.,lo to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private homa
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate, aye.
DR. WONG HIM. her!? doctor, treats all dls-
easc« of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MKTAPHYSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy
occultism: free clinic Tues. evg. 305 Lnrkln.
BUNK S AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; B0 cents per share or monthly install-
ments; send Tor prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California st.. rooms 5-7.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1U23 Mission
st., above Sixth. • .--. .y,
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, gold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A PAIR of solitaire diamond sleeve buttons for
$20; cost originally $50. UNCLE HARRIS 15'
Grant aye. '
FOR sale — 40 or 50 gallons good, pure ranch
milk. Address Country Dairy, care 507 Sixth
st., Oakland.
60-GALLON oil tank; 12-foot counter. Dat»nt
Syrup. SOO Turk st.
ANOTHER Smith Premier typewriter; fine or-
der; get price. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110
Montgomery st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
o A'TELAT r 2irs D wf a / t : ing - puiiey *
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons*, the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
SAFES— New ar.d second Tor banks merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults etc The-
Waltz Safe Co.. 103-111 Market St.. 's. F.. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 50, BACIGALUPI.
»3 Market st.. San Francisco.
ONE 4-sided itlcker; 1 planer and matcher; I
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE up by (buy) SORENSEN'S alarm
clock, reduced to 60c. 103 Sixth, below Mission.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pin*.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. • W. C BEN'TIIAM- 1522 Market st.
BIISCELI_%XEOUS—FOR SALE.
machines: 5 drawers;
ojk; complete"; cheap^m^i^n. nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
bSl>n VtSdn^n^Jl^V^Mt*. 5I« Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE UjUk-<
MANN SATE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
~~~ MISCKI-l-A-NEO^aAVA.VI'S.
H ._i i ?a,^^^ypgg & sag
MOXEY TO LOA.V.
HIGHLY respectaHe~priva~te place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store K46 Market
*t.; tel. Main iSI-t._Branch_l9_ Third st.
ANY proposition any amount: « per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates legacies life Insurance: chattel
mortcazes": confidential: ndvlce free. G_ E.
OLSKN.. room 16. tlrst floor. Chronicle btdg.
AVOID delay, try all others, then see me; $il
to $100,000; 8 per cent: Ist. I'd or chattel — 10-t-
gages.estates In probate, undivided interests in
estates.legacies and mortgages bought: tMN
and money furnished. .P. A. Dolan. 632 Mar_t.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages an<i legacies bought: no <.e-
lay get my terms b??ore doing business else-
where. R. UcCOLCAX. 24 Montgomery, r. X
MOST reliable place' to borrow on diamonds,
watche* Jewelry. XV. J. HESTHAL, 19 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 120 Powell st.
AT 128 Keaxny. rm. 9. respectable private < placa
to borrow on watches, diamonds; ioweat
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 905.
OX furniture a.nd pianos without removal, quick
service- money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
«S and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON REAL estate, Ist cr 2nd mortgagee, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 2t> Montgomery Bt.
MEN can secure loans on personal note. AUS-
TIN'S SALARY LOAN CO.. SCS Parrott bldg.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott bulldln_ :
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorse. MORRELL. «09 Examiner building.
TO Ealarled men; without collateral or lr.dorser.
S. r. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
$i 0 TO .".0,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture pianos, without removal: no
commission; prWate. LICK. US McAllister.
IF your property la mortgaged and you need
mnr- money see H. MURPHY. <S0 Market st.
UCSICAIi ISSTUUMKSTB.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchange- for a Stelnway
wtthlti three years and have full purchase
prlc* -allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some —nod pianos
for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter .ta., Han Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and .Broadway. Oakland.
I ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and JO O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
KN\BE pianos: new scale: new Btyles. KOH-
LEh *: CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
TWO fine Marshall & Wendell uprights; walnut
cases; one walnut Decker & Son almost new;
great bargains. At MATrVAIS', 763 Market.
I FULL value- allowed for second-hand pianos ta
exchange for new. At MAUVAIS', 7C3 Market.
L'^RGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos prices reduced to insure prompt sales,
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Pest st.
ALL makes for a short tim» only.
$4. $4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
I ChickerinK", 2 Steinwavs, 1 Vose A Sons and
60 other slightly use<l high and medium grada
pianos: special discounts for cash.
HL^.-JE PIANO Mro. CO., 138 Ellis- St.
UPRIGHT piano. " Neumann Hamburg" : pro-
nounced by experts the best in S. X. : nearly
new, of solid construction » wonderful power
and sweetness of tone; value $flC0; to be sold
for only $COO cash. \ZZf> Market St.. room 121.
ELEGANT high-grade upright piano offered
for $185: cost J.i ; Immediate sale. Room 10,
Flood building.
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 per
month. Scott-<:urtaz Piano Co., ESO Hayes st.
*\\. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. 1&1S Market St.
WANTED — Second-hand pianos for cash or la
exchange. J. M., 12 Flood building.
WANTED — Second-hand cornet: must be cheap.
1129 Howard St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1313 Powell st.
FINE Fischer & Ste.'nway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ne*s aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— r. ice upricht piano; only $60 cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
GOOD uprltrht piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNGS. 21G McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. IS
IteAllister st. next Hibernia Hank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. IL
MULLER. mnker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A.ND STORES TO 1,-fc.T.
S-STORY and basement brick building: eleva-
tor; adapted for storage or manufacturing;
ISO Stevenson st., near Third; rent $75
MADISON & BURKE.
SUTTER? 717— Very choice for rooms or cf-
flces; tent very reasonable; sunny; also sunny
$5 rooms; please Investigate.
$20— STORE: 2 show windows and 5 largo rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st.
LARGE, elegant store. 953 Valencia street; busi-
ness center: low rent.
I'ALMISTRY. — — —
MME. SAYLOR. famous scientific palmist: pu-
pll Chelro. 1511U Market St.. opp. Van Neg».
PERSONALS. ~~
YES. At 1:30. my office.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper for club of gentlemen or small private
family; excellent cook; authentic city refer-
ence. A. E. F.. 2120 Bush st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rat?*- 19
years* experience. J. B. RAY. 273 Minna' st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, has his
parlors crowded dally: latest coiffures, 23c;
manicuring, 25c; Schefflpr's Colorlne the only
hair dye. 73c box. G. LEDERER. 123 Stocktn.
LADIES — Send 2-cent stamp for our booklet:
invaluable to every lady. FAUVRE Import-
ing Co., 918 Market St.. San, Francisco. Cal.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA. 35c bot.; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo. 5c box. are leading all the
other hair tonics and shampoos. 123 Stockton.
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $3 7S; our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell
cneaper than ready • made. L. LEMOS.
1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co. ; 532 Kearny. near Sacto;
also 1644 Market St.. under St. Nicholas.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. lot Sutter at.. ¦ Laws a Specialty.
Fan Francisco, Cal. American and Forel-ra
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 room*:
lac to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week-
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House; oysters
any style. DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
FIGER'S sweep»rs are r«M best and cheapest.
All kinds repaired and for sale at 342 Sutter.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clotb-
ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEMAN buys clothing:, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold: send for him. 506 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-cit clothing and brlc-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 2C9 Third St.; send postal. .
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. < Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf's. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S OT rrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
PIIYSICIAXS A.\t> SLUUEO.VS.
PARALYsfsI ~~—
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES-
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS-
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS-
SCROFULA. ffI M|KW DISEASES;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DT<?T*A<5-a
Cured where all ethers have fan-k E3 *
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE'
Different from any other treatment
wtt buildlnc. tover the Em^ort^..) *' Pbp "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1900.
10LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Thursday. January IS.
Stmr Laguna. Ericsson. 30 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Kettle Low, Low, I hours from Point
Reyes.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in a saloon; small capital
Inquire NE. cor. Poet and Kearny.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— 4O to 100 acres, part alfalfa land.
w:th wood and water; 20 miles of Ean Fran-
cisco; less than JlOOO. Particulars to box 2533,
Cell.
HEAL SSTATB — CITY — FOR SALE. ,
/
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM 'A." CUOCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR TARK LOTS.
Now for a Prosperous Era for San Francisco.
tIOO to $4%— Near Nineteenth-aye. boulevard
and Park, from II to X st. ; $5 monthly.
JSOO to JStK>— Choicest lots In Sunset; streets
traded and sewered; $10 monthly.
$300 to JROO— Cheapest residence lots In Rich-
mond; easy terms.
$100 to $250— Level lots near Mission-st. elec-
tric car line; only $5 monthly.
Call for Maps snd Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & P.ROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
$I^OO— BARGAIN: large l'^-story. fcigh stoop,
b«y-windom' cottage; vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate i ..•- double doors; handsomely
paneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding stair-
oace and 6Vs-foot newel post; parlor 14x17,
wainscoted dining room 12x14; Eitting room
fVrxll; wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13;
callings 12 feet high; ventilators; plaster cor-
nice*; pastry, glass closet, etc.: 2 bedrocms
and bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der nil. with double-door entrance under bay;
lot ZSXIIO. with a rustic etable 10x20 at end:
magnitieer.t view; all for J1S00; no agents J
W NEWTON. USO Twelfth aye.. near X et.
Fun*et district. 2 blocks from Golden Gate
J'urk.
£300— SPLENDID barrain: must be sold to
close an estate; 2 new rr.odern flats. E and 6
rooms and bath each; Mission warm belt.
$1300— Best buy south cf the park; 14 lots to-
gether, between I and J streets: make cfler;
nrjgt be gold. SCOTT & HARRIS. 20 Post Bt.
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath, on Minna St.,
near Third. AdJress box 1012. Call office.
$C 3M — GREAT eacriflee on account of sudden
departure; 2 cew substantial bay-window flat*.
I and € rooms and bath each; C3d and Noe sta.
Acdress Box 4:49. Cai!.
Foreclosure saie-$:ooo: two choice fiats of
E rooms each, renting for $18; rr.ake offer. At
t3O Valley st.. near Noe. or SPECK & CO..
CC7 Market El
KEW ccttages. houses and flats for eale on
Pierce and Waller sta, near Haight: ever 30
houses F^ld in same block. Terms to suit by
If. NELSON, buil^er^
J2TS0 — LOT and 3-story brick house; sunny elde
South Park, near Third et. ; S rooms; also
large eh^p !n rear yard. By WM. HEN-
DRICKSON & CO.. €14 Call building.
MODERN cottage; 8 rooms; cable line: hot-
housp; chicken yard: garden; $3250. H. J.
FKEGELKEN, 423 Jackson St.
FINE residence— ?s<W; Clay Ft.. b»t. Buchanan
end Webster. GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Mont-
gomery et.
CHEAP house snd lot wanted in pleasant loca-
tion. WALLER, bex tt'l. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
:$ races, in wrarr-er. for mailing. $1 per year.
ItEAL ESTATE COt'NTRY — For Sale
ASTONISHING offer; $33 to "s7s~rer acre; 6 to
200 acre's; sire tracts to suit; cash, easy terms
or might take part in exchange; all very
finest: highly cultivated level loam; in most
desirable location: within 2^ miles, by level
tprinkled road, from Napa; unsurpassed tor
Irult. vineyard, olives, nuts, corn, etc.; now
raising immense crops of grain; unequaled
for poultry business; 2 livir-g creeks; abund-
ance well water: complete of buildings; scat-
tering large c&ks: would be cheap even at
1100 per acre: better than stated.
N. D. SICKELS. THE LAND AGENT,
10 Geary et., opp. Chronicle bldff., S. F.
A LIST of Special Bargains— When fending for
my catalogue always state about what is
wanted, amount to invest, etc. ; I'll then also
furnish a specially prepared liet of "snap"
bargains near what you want, not In cata-
lcgue. While I make a special feature of
Napa ar.d Fcnoma County places. I'm person-
• !!y acquainted with over COCO ranches for
sale or exchange In California— more than any
ether ten agents in the State. I travel nearly
ail the time, inspecting country property.
N. D. EICKELS. the Land Agent,
10 Geary st., cpp. Chronicle bldg.. S. F.
SANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farming and
ctock lande; owner's rale In tracts of S to £00
&cree; >a-> terms, or will ex.ctia.nge for San
Franc>co property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and G. C. VACHELL. 23 Monteoiaery
ft., between 11 a. m. and 2 p. in. dally.
FOR eale cr exchar.pe for improved San Fran-
cisco property fruit ranch 102 acre*: value
tSOCO. Address H. F. SPEITZEN. WatsonvUle.
MILLBRAE lot* and blocks: fenced: water
works. BUTTERFIELD. 527 Market st.
TEP. »3 per acre up; farm list; free fare. M.
GRIFFEN. 719 Market *t. rear Call building.
ROOMS FOR noCSEKEBPUEG.
A— TWO front sunny rooms, kitchen and bed- j
room; complete fur housekeeping; $" month.
Apply at «ho»»tor<", &C 2 Misfk-n et., bet. First
Ft. and Second st.
POND. 36 — Two or thre* furnished or unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. 2".23— Sur.ny parlors: rooms for
light housekeeping; bath; reasonable; private
j
CL»s:KIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore st.
CLAY. UZX near Fi!lrni.re— 2 large unfurnished
roosr.F; yard; wattr; rear: rent J7.
EDDY. !W— Neatly furnished double sunny
rooms, suitable for two gentlemen or light
housckwpinis; with gas.
EDDY. 47S— Two cr thre* room*, with pantry;
two closets; yard; furnished complete.
KIGHTH. S4B, noar Market— 2 sunny front
rrwims. with or without kltch*-n, furnished for
houKf>k«^pir»K : private family.
POCBTU. 225— Nice sunny front room; suitable
for two.
HARRISON. 7S4'i. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished eur.ny rooms; bath; all modern im-
provements: homelike: $1 w»-ek upt
HOWARD, 7CI' S — Sunny bay-window euite;
kitchen; man and wife; others: reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 22.*.— Large unfurnished bay-
wind^w room; ndultf; tV<.
MARKET. iSSS— Front runny rrx>ms. furnished ]
and unfurnished; water; range; yard- rent '
$10 to 120.
MrALLISTER, 40S — 4 unfi:m!;?h»d sur.ny rooms,
liath and yard; reasonable.
SH» MISSION — Furnished housekeeping
rooms, complete; no children.
OCTAVIA. 411— Sunny housekeeping and other
rooms; $4. (6 and $10: bath, etc.
EHOTWELL, 219— 2 furnished housekeeping j
rooms.
STEVENSON. «42. bet. Seventh and Eighth,
above Odd Fellows' Hall, near new Poetoffice
—2 furnished housckpg. rooms; bath; central.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: oolite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ft«.: open until !• p. m.
A BRANCH efflce for the reception of adver-
tisements and eubscripticni. has been opened
at 1223 Polk Ft.; CDen until » p. m.
A BRANCH efflce for Call ad\-ertlsements and
rateeriptlCßa has been established at 108t Va-
!rrr!a tt
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd Lnforn.
A-BP.UNEWICK^HOUSE.'iITs^'ixS-'Rooms
25c to Si per night; $1 25 to $5 pf-r week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk anil Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern Fervice; elevator;
bath: rooms 60c to $l 10 6cy. MRS. J. KING.
AT £2 Pecond— nice new papered and reno-
vated front room : $1 60 to 12 50 a week.
BOHEMIA. 233 Poet. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. eunny suites for gentlemen and families;
IfP+c. rates tourists; elevator; a!l conveniences.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
pairtincsr secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BURNETT. 1426 Market ft. (old No. I3«4)_Fur-
nfehed rme.. cuites. single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
eve.— Eunny corner: we.l furn.; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rfce[%-ed at Call branch office. 2208 Fi!lmo-e st.
FOLSOM. Ei<V— Sunny front room and kitchen -
furnlthfcd complete; man and wife; no chill
cren.
FOLSOM. 9G3. corner Elrth <The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or single; new mjrt.
B FIRST ST.— Neat sunny furnished rooms to
rent; $1 per week. 1
GEART. 405 <The Nararre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
fd rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H..HYKR.
GIRARD House. 192 Seventh— Sunny furnished
roorrif; Pay or week: reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and MlfFlcn st«.— Sunny rooms, en eulte or
, single ; ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. TSI Mission— Selert family
roomls* bouse; $1 SO to Sfi per week.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and I'nfnrn.
HOWARD. 713—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nlthecl; every convenience; electrio lights.
HOWARD. £29— Clean, respectable: 26c-$l per
riiirht: $l-$3 per week: Howard cars to door.
HYDE, 4CB— Sunny furnished rooms, suitable
for two; JG to ?S. . .;;»v. ¦
HYDE. 40S— Sunny furnished; folding bed; gas,
bath; $10; also single. $7.
MARKET. 93i— Furnished front room; above
Halt: Bros. Apply 108 Eddy st.
MINNA. 2S- Funny furnished rooms; 75 cents
and Jl per week. -
MINNA. 667. i-orner Eighth— Newly furnished
tay-wlndow room. $1 per week; transient.
OAK. 116—1 large bedroom, with clofct. gas and
bath: furniture and carpets new; private.
OTARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; e'ectrlc lights: day. Wk.. mo.
ROSEDALE. 371 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
tic a night: ?1 a week: transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lcr; rooms, per nlcht. Csc to Jl JO; week. $1 to
$S; month. $S to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment Hpuse. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. .
SHIPLEY, 120. rear — 1 sunny room for house-
keeping; suitable for lady: rent $4.
TEHAMA. £9— Furnished rooms to let; by the
week or month.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK T43 — Nice Eunny room for gentleman;
cas and bath; tZ per week; prlvats.
WELL furnished room; use of bath and tele-
phone : $6. 16C9 Clay tt. : call evenings.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 123 Pclk ft-: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103S Va-
lencia sL ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ani
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts. : open till 9 p. m.
UOOSIS WANTED.
WANTED— Sunny suite of handsomely fur-
nished rooms, with modern Improvements;
east of Van Ness aye. Address box 4231. Call. -
2 OR 3 furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; between Twenty-first and Twenty-
ninth and Mission and Guerrero sts. Box 103 L
I OR 3 furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; between Twenty-first and Twenty-
nlnth end Mission and Guerrero sts.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the Ean Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives no-
tice that the following orphan and half or-
phan girls and boys have been admitted to
the Institution from July 1, 1b99, to Jan. 1,
1900: Anna M. Clemens, 10 yrs. 3 mos.; The-
resa C. Clemens, 8 yrs. 1 mo.; Petra M.
Clemens, 2 yrs. 9 mos.; Margaret Peterson, 7
yrs. 11 mos.; Marguerite Kempf. 4 yrs. 8 mos.;
fcarah N. Nicol. 12 yrs. 10 mos. ; Nina E. Mil-
ler. 6 yrs. 1 mo.; Emily E. Reed, 9 yrs. 10
mos.; Margaret Brooks, 11 yrs. 3 mos.; Mary
Brocks. 10 yrs. 2 mos. ; Ethel Brooks, 5 yrs.
6 mos.: Sibella Bank, 5 yrs.: Cruz Isura, jl
yrs. 4 mos.; Rosol lEura, & yrs. 6 mos.; Vin-
cent Isura, 7 yrs. 7 mos. ; Alvin C. Rupky.
11 yr^. 7 mos. ; Carl S. Bcnioke. 8 yrs. 11 mos. ;
Frank Bonicke, 7 yrs. 6 mos. ; John
Petereon. 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Charles Pet-
erson. 4 yrs. 5 mos. ; William Peterson,
2 yrs. 6 mos.; Victcr Olsen, 15 yrs.; Myron
A. Day, 9 yrs. 11 mos. : Henry E. Day, 7 yrs.
10 mo*.: Charles K. Fester, 7 yrs. 7 mos.;
Lincoln G. Foster. 2 yrs. 10 mos.; George
Kempf. 4 yrs. 3 mos.: William Paull, 10 yrs.
6 mos.: Rudolch, 6 yrs. 6 mos.; George N.
Nicol, 9 yrs. 2 mos.; Walter F. Nicol, 4 yrs.
5 mos.: William J. Riddle. 6 yrs.; Leslie L.
Riddle. 2 yrs.; Frank Madden, 10 yrs. 3 mos.;
Galen Clark, 14 yrs. 5 mos.; Percy L. Miller,
7 yrs. 11 mos.: George F. Farley, 8 yrs. 4
mos.; Percy G. Reed, 4 yrs. 3 mos.; Julius J.
Lindner, 2 yrs. 3 mos. ; Walter Brooks, 7 yrs.
4 mos. : George Bank. 1 yr. S mos.. and Wil-
liam Kerr, 4 yrs.
MART P. MacCRELLISH.
Secy. p. O. Asylum. 907 Pine st.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives no-
tice that the following orphans and half or-
rhans have been received into the orphanage
from July 1 to December 31, 1593: May Thorn,
3 yrs. 1 mo.; Jennie Hussenot, 8 yrs.: Amelia
Hussenot. 2 yrs. « mo. : Isabella Mills, 4 yrs.
7 mo.; Anita Rcadlet, 2 yrs.; Virginia Klrby,
4 yrt. 1 mo.; Annie Kearney. 5 yrs. 3 mo.:
Annie Farren. 8 yrs.; Nellie Farren. t yrs. 3
ir.o. : Helena Griphen, 2 yrs. 6 mo. | El!i«a* Bar-
dinßka. S yrs. ! mo. : Johanna Daley, 10 yrs.;
Mary Daley. 9 yrs. : Martha Valient, 5 yrs.;
Alice Valient, 3 yrs.; Anr.eta Alviso. 6 yra. ;
Geneva Alviso. 9 yrs.: Gadulupe Alviso, 8
yrs.; Antonia Husrenot, 6 yrs.; Albert Kear-
ney, t yrs. & mo.; Willie Farren. 3 yrs. 1 mo.;
Gerald Griphen. E yrs. t mo.: Charles Founr
tain. « yrs. 7 mo.: Howard Jenkins. 5 yru. :
Joseph Broderick. ! yrs. E mo. ; Cella Basano,
6 yr«.: Irene- Basana. 4 yrs. • . .. ...... -- .
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
Tainting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third;
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
<^ y-ntg'-Tr.ery ft., rnrrr.* 3-10: tel. 5520.
SEWI.\G MACHINES AND SLI'I'LIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine
supplies. Standard Agency. 145 Sixth st. i
phcr.e Mint 45.-
ALL kinds bought. Fold. exrharißed. rented; re-
pairinc gt lov.est rate*. 2f;'> Fourth nt.
STOIIAGB AXD WAItEHOI'SES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage nnd Movlng"coT
Office. 4'Jl fngt st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
TO LEASE.
HOME: 2 old people; house, barn, well; lot
110x100; cor. Craut and Marshall Fts., near
Mission cdr line: lease given to good tenant-
st p*r month. JOOHT BROS., Eleventh and
Mission EtF. . .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A HOME — Pend description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DENKE Sr.,
HW W-bster Bt.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$50 CASH. l» :,0 monthly till paid for: chicken
run. Ij(ix2."6; sandy loam soil: plenty of good
water; level land; fite, climate and coil the
best; no fosrs or cold winds; 3 buildings now
completed; Westall tract, adjoining East Oak-
land, close to electric ear line, PO-foot boule-
vard and fine school; price, all told, $SW; call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh street, near
corner Broadway. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
FOR sale or rent— Beautiful 10-room house;
larfce grounds: fruit trees; chicken houses.
674 Eart Twenty-sixth St., Oakland. - > ¦ r,
THE first-class. old-rKtablished business; good
reasons for selling: rare chance. E. E.
BTNTK. ?r* Bi-oadr\ay. Oakland. ,
OAKLAND KCIIMTI'RIS FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furalture dealer. 11th snd Franklin. Oakland.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— WUtram~Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of- business,
327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Bocrd of Directors, held on the 18th day
of December, ISS9, an assessment (No. 7) of
one (1) cent per share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above addtesp.
Any etook upon which this" assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 22nd day of January
ISOO, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment Is
made before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February, :skO. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLK3 A. HUG. Secretary,
527 Market St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice-Dividend No!' 101 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after Thurs--
day. February 1 ISOO. Transfer books will
close on Friday, January 26. 1900, at S o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 75 (25e Der
thare) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY, will be payable at th»
Office of the company, .No. 227 Market st en
and after Saturday. January 20. l&oo Trins-
fer bocks will close on Saturday, January 13
l«C0. at 12 o'clock m. ' '
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BLABRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Richard Schindler. 22, £54 O'Farrell street,
and liinma Vosbrinck. 20. 206 Octavia street
John i'ats, 26, 3','3l Twenty-second street, and
Anna I>oucy. 23, OC3I Twenty-second street
Henry Sshut, 25, 1000 Railroad avenue, and
Nathalie Pans. 20, 815 Ett>ckton street
Florin J. Alexander, 31, Sarramer.to, and
Blanche Daniels. 13. 709 D<>visadero street
.lurr.es It. MrSheehy. 26, 256 Jensie street and
Kate. Brady. 21.. 153 Silver street.. .. ,
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
" Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the Dubllcation offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
'_ BORN.
BROWN— In this city, January 12, 1900, to the
wife of J. R. Brown, a daughter.
BARNETT— In this city. January 7, 1900, to the
wife of Charles Barnett, a son.
LENFESTEY— In this city. January 8. 1900. to
the wife of W. G. Lenfestey, a daughter.
McTERNAN— In this city, January 7, 1900, to
the wife of James McTernan. a daughter.
MARRIED.
QUINN— ROWE— In this city, January 17, 1900,
by Rev. Father Mahoney of St. Ignatius
Church, R. P. Qulnn and Minnie F. Rowe.-
ROHRS— SCHNEIDER— In this city. January
17. 1200. by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Dledrlch
Rohrs and Katharlna Schneider.
SIEVERS— SIEVERS— In this city, January
J3, 1000. by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, John
Sievers and Katharlna Sievers.
WEYMOUTH— GODKIN— In this city, January
.17, 1900, by the Rev. Father Wyman. Frank
P. Weymouth Jr., formerly of Lewiston, Me.,
and E. Addle Godkln of San Francisco.
DIED.
Anderson. Arthur L. Levy. Betsy
Burley, Dudley Le Breton. Julia
- Barnett. infant - Lockwood, Liana
Collet. Mrs. Clemen- Muller. Ella R.
tine Meyer, John C.
Curran, Ann Mouret. Marcelin
Cook. Ellen O'Brien. Patrick
Walter Perhacs, Julius A.
Dlppel, Harry W. Pearson, Ruth E.
Feeney, Mrs. Cather- Pallesen, Lucy D.
me Patton. Thomas
Greiner. Christiana Pangburn, Earl
Kiefer. Barbara Ryan. Nellie
Kennedy, Mary Smith. Jane
Lanyon, Joseph H. Stanley. Caot. Wm.S
Lemme. Anna E. Whalan. Michael
Walton. Martin C. ;;.>.-•
ANDERSON— In this city. January 18, 1900,
Arthur Laurence, beloved son of J. Henry
and Betty Anderson, and brother of Agnes
¦V.. Walter H. and Albert Edward Anderson,
a native fo Portland, Or., aged 11 years 4
months and 22 days.
BURLEY— In this city. January 15, 1900. Dud-
ley Burley, brother of Elmer Burley. aged
48 years.
BARNETT— In this city. January 7, 1900, In-
fant son of Charles and Belie Barnett.
COLLET— In this city, January 17, 1900, Mrs.
Clementine Collet, beloved wife of the late
Fortune Collet, and mother of Mrs. Adele
Keoing, Mrs. Clementina Ingersen and Eu-
gene and Alphonse Collet, a native of France,
aged 62 years 3 nonths and 1 day.
tC7"Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the Paciflo
Undertaking Parlors. 777 Mission street, near
Fourth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURRAN— In this city, January 16. 1900, Ann,
beloved wife of the late Michael Curran, and
loving mother of Thomas E. Curran, Mrs.
William F. Kelly of Jersey City and Mrs.
E. G. Schulz, a native of Virginia, County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 70 years. (New Jersey
papers please copy.)
ET'Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2S3S Mission street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to St. James
Church, where a solemn equiem high mass
will be celebrated for th» repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
COOK— Entered into rest In this city, at 1903
Baker street, January IS, 1900. Ellen Cook, a
native of Kentucky, aged 80 years.
£7 Services crivate. Please omit flowers.
DERRY— In this city, January IS. ISOO, Walter,
beloved son of Frank M. and Kate Derry
(nee Maloney), a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 2 months.
DIPPEL— At the residence of his parents, 816
Railroad avenue south. South San Francisco,
January 17, 1900. Harry W. Dippel, dearly
beloved and only son of John and Eliza Dip-
pel, beloved brother of Llda and Cora Dtp-
pel, and beloved nephew of Mrs. R. Harlock,
Mrs. Jacob Bar, Mrs. M.- Edmonds and Mrs.
Daniel Stewart, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 3 months and 19 days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at- 9 o'clock, frorri the residence of
his parents. 316 Railroad avenue south, bet-
tween Fifth and Sixth avenue south. South
San Francisco, thence to All Hallows'
Church, corner of N street and Sixteenth
avenue south, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy, Cross Cemetery by carriage.
FEENEY— In this city, January 17. 1900. Mrs,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Nicholas
Feeney, and beloved mother of Mrs. Joseph
Dempsy and Andrew and Edward J. Feeney,
a native of County Gal way, Ireland, aged CS
years.
Cu^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2SB Linden avenue, thence to Sacred
• Heart Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem high, mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
GREIXER— In this city. January 1», 1900,
Christiana Greiner, beloved mother of Mrs.
Frank Lester, Mrs. George W. Waltenbaugh
¦ and the late Henry and Amelia Greiner, and
grandmother of Grace V. and Edward Lester,
a native of Germany, aged 61 years 8 months
and 21 days.
KIEFER— In fnis city. January IS. 1900. Bar-
bara, relict, of the late Michael Kiefer, and
beloved mother of Theodore Kiefer and Mrs.
Henry Ives, a native of Bavaria, Germany,
aged S3 years. (New York and New Orleans
papers please copy.)
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street.
KENNEDY— In this city, January 18, 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Dennis Ken-
nedy, a native of Rorastown, parish of Drum,
County Tipperary, Ireland, aged 56 years.
LANYON— In Oakland. January 16, 1900, Joseph
- H., beloved husband of Grace M. Lanyon,
and father of James and Ada M. Lanyon a
native of Connecticut, aged 48 years 2 months
and 21 days. A member of Live Oak Lodge
No. 61, F. and A. M. : Oakland Chapter, O.
E. R. ; Enterprise Lodge No. 298, I. O. O. F. ;
Oakland Camp No. 94. Woodmen of ' the
World, and Custer Council No. 22, Junior O.
U. A. M.
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Ma-
sonic Temple, corner of Twelfth and Wash-
ington streets, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
LEMME— In this city, January is, 1900, Anna
Elizabeth, beloved wife of John H. Lemme.
and mother of Henry L., Lizzie, Helmuth and
Arthur Lemme, a native of Germany, aged
53 years and 5 months.
LEVY— In this city, January 18, 1900, Betsy
beloved wife of A. Levy, mother of William
and Dave Levy and Mrs. Charles Jaoobson,
and sister of Edward Hyams, a native of
Peiser, Germany, aged 56 years. (Portland,
Or, nnii New York papers please copy.)
tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1700 Geary street. Interment HIUs of
Eternity Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townseud streets.
LE BRETON— In this city. January 17, 1900,
Julia Le Breton, widow of Edouard 4 Le Bre-
ton, and beloved mother of Albert J. and Ed-
ward J. Le Breton and of the late Mm. M.
A. de Lavega, aged 69 years.
tn7"Fripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, corner of Van Ness avenue and O'Far-
rell street. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
LOCKWOOD— In this city, January 18. 1900,
Liana Lockwood, beloved mother of Mrs. A.
L. Crews, William Loekwood and Mrs. C. T.
Martin, a native of New York City, aged 79
years 2 months and 8 days.
MULLER— In East Oakland, January 18, 1900
Ella Roetter. beloved daughter of Sallle and
the late Edward L. Muller. and sister of
Anna and Ida Muller, a native of St. Louis,
Mo., acred 22 years 6 months and 1 day.
MEYER— In Sacramento, January 17, 1900 John
Christopher Meyer, beloved son of the late
Benjamin and Anna W. Meyer, and brother of
Mrs. J. L. Regner and Emma Meyer, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years 11 months
and 24 days. Member of Stanford Parlor No
76. N. S. O. W.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister, Mrs. J. L. Re-gner, 9<2 Geary street
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
STANFORD Parlor No. 76. N. S. G. W.— Mem-
bers are requested to attend the funeral of
our late brother, J. C. Meyer, this day "(Fri-
day), at 2 o'clock, from 942 Geary street. By
order of the parlor.
WILLIAM H. -DICK, President
FRED H. JUNG. Recording Secretary.
MOURET— An anniversary high mass will be
celebrated at the French Church; Bush street
for the repose of the foul of the late Marcelin
¦ Mouret, husband of Mary Mouret, to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited.
O'BRIEN— In this city, January 18, 1900 Pat-
rick, beloved husband of the late Ellen
O'Brien, and father of Mrs. Mary E. Brown
Mrs. Catherine Connell and Lizzie O'Brien'
a native of County Kerry. Ireland, aged 90
years. . ¦
C^Frlenda and acquaintances are r^nnrrt
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday). 4X 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 12 Bluxome street, thence to St Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
UtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan St Gallagher}
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. '
Telephone South 80.
McAVOY Oc CO..
• FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
1235' Market sL , between Bth and 9th
Telephone South 247.
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PERHACS—In this city, January 18, 1900, Ju-
lius A., beloved husband of Eleanor M. Per-
hacß. a native of Hungary, aged 17 years.
PEARSON—In this city, January 17, 1900, Ruth
E., beloved daughter of Edwin and Alice
Pearson, and sister of Wallace E., Jessie,
Alma A. and Richard Pearson, aged 7 years.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 242 Shotwell street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery via 3:30 o'clock
train from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
PALLESEX—In Santa Clara. January 17, 1900
Lucy D., beloved wife of Chris Pallesen,
daughter of the late John and Margarette
Hetty, and sister of Charles J., Louis B. and
Julius F. Hetty, Mrs. Ph. Sassenrath and the
late Mrs. R. B. Roll, a native of Santa Clara,
aged 36 years and 5 months. . .
tCT'l'Vicnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
• deuce at Santa Clara. -»
PATTON —In this city, January 16, 1900,
Thomarf Patton, beloved husband of Mary M.
Patton. a native of Ireland, aged 74 years
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
NeFS avenue.
PANGBURN—In this city, January 17, 1900,
Earl Panirburn, beloved son of Thomas C.
and Cora Beament, and brother of Ethel and
Thomas Beament, a native of lowa, aged 14
years 8 months and 9 days.
RYAN-In this city, January 17. 1900, Nellie
beloved daughter of Patrick and Delia Ryan
Bister of Christopher. Delia, Annie and Mary
Ryan, and niece of William Ryan, Mrs
John Ryan and Mrs. James Nolan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 12 years 11 months
and 16 days.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 c > clock, from the residence
of her parents. 912 Folsom street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where services will be
held for the repose .of her soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SMITH—In this city. January 17, 1900, Jane
Smith, beloved mother of Mrs. Ellen Reed
and Mrs. H. Dageett. a native of Balasco
Canada, aged 82 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Good Samari-
tan Mission. Second street, near Folsom. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electrio
car from First and Harrison streets.
STANLEY—In this city, January 18, 1900, Cap-
tain William S. Stanley, a native of Green-
wich, England, aged 65 years.
WHALAN—In the City and County Hospital,
January 18, 1900, Michael Whalan, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 62 years.
WALTON—In this city, January 17, 1900, Mar-
tin C., husband of Josephine M. Walton, and
father of Flora, May and Martin C. Walton
Jr., a native of Chicago, aged 61 years 1
month and 25 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances arereepect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, &00 Capp street, corner of Twentieth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George Van Slyck to John and Mary Me-
Carry, lot on S line of Duncan street. 100 W of
Church. W 26 by S 114; $10.
W. I. and E. Clementine Kip to Aaron and
Henry M. Englander (Englander Brothers), lot
on W line of Franklin, street. 120 S of Eddy
W 137:6 by S 17:6; $10. '
Edward J. McCutchen to Elizabeth E. Mc-
Cutchen. lot on N line of. Pacific street 137:8
W of Octavia, W 68:9 by N 127iS1,;;'gift.
Estate of William H. Watson Sr. (by William
M. Hoag and Joseph W. Wlnterburn, execu
tors) to L. Frledlander, lot on NW corner of
Octavia street and Rosa avenue, N 60 by W
87:6; $9730.
Mary J. White to Johanna Cogan, lot on S
line of Bush street, 110 W of Stelner, W 25 by
S 137:6; $10.
He:iry IJaschen to Eliza Raschen (wife), lot
on N line of Union street. 84:2 E of Pierce E
28:4 by N 100; $5.
William W. Deamer to Helen A. Deamer,
lot. on W line of Broderick street, 60:4'^ S of
Washington, S 23 by W 106:3; gift.
John G. Morrison to John Doyle, lot on 8
line of McAllister street, 48:6$£ E of Lyon E
o:6'i by S 100; J250.
Charles and Cora Perkins to Susanna Hunt
(wife of William), lot on W line of Ashbury
street. 50 S of Waller, S 27:4>4 by W 106:3; $10.
Isaac Anderson to John F. and Catherine
Seymour, lot on E line of Pierce street, 266 S
of Waller, S 25 by E 91:3, lot 15, block 2
Marion Tract (hospital lot); $10. .
Frank and Evangeline Happersberger to
Frank H. McKee, lot on W line of Guerrero
street, 76:6 N of Twentieth, N 50 by W 105
$5200.
Neilla E. Cook to James H. Johnson, lot on
W line of Noe street,. 123 N of Twentieth N
25 by W 125; $10.
Ferdinand Bussinger to Hannah Busslnger,
lot on SW corner of Twenty-seventh and San
chez streets. W SO by S 24; gift.
Nellie Hennespy to Charles A. Hennessy, lot
on E line of Noe street, 63 S of Elizabeth 8
25 by E 68:9 2-3; $10.
Charles A. Hennessy to Ellen F. Hennessy
(wife), undivided half Interest in same; gift.
Lulgi and Emilia de Vincenzi to Glovanna
B. (or G. B.) and Gianbattista Torre, lot on
E line of Kearny street, • 62:6% S of Union S
IS:2Vi by E CO; $1500. - ',
Giovanni and Louisa Morchlo to Glozeppe
Rossi, lot on W line of Stockton street, 44-8
S of Greenwich, S 25 by W 70; $2850.
United States Trust Company of New York
(trustee estate Charles C. Hastings) to N. K.
Masten (trustee estate Charles C. Hastings),
lot on NE corner of Geary and Mason streets,
N 65:9 by E 92:6, quitclaim deed; $L
William H. Phillips (trustee same) to same
(trustee same), same, quitclaim deed: $1.
Maria L. Roach to Filipino Ponzo, lot on
B line of Water street, 160:3 E of Taylor E 22:9
by 8 67:6; $10.
.A. M. Barker to Minnie Barker (wife), lot
on W line of Twentieth avenue, 156 N of
California street, N 25 by W 120; also lot on
NW corner of Twenty-third avenue and Cali
fornia street, W 32:6 by N 100: gift.
August C. and Mary T. Fischer to Sisters
of the Sacred Names of Jesus and Mary (cor
poration), lot on N line of D street, 62:4 E of
Thirty-sixth avenue. N 105 by E 23; $10.
Same to George CMelia, lot on N line of D
street, ?7:4 E of Thirty-sixth avenue, N 105 by
E 25; $10.
Franclsca and C. J. Barta to State Pavings
Bank, lot on SW corner of Fortieth avenue and
X street, W 90 by S 100: $10.
Arthur C. and Constance A. Nahl to Solomon
Getz, lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue, 100
N of Q street. N 50 by E 120; $10.
Jones, Allen & Co. (corporation) to same,
same (quitclaim deed): $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to John and Mary
Rodxrers, same; $10.
John H. and Ellen G. Grady to Linda Me-
Doug-all, lot 225, Holliday map A; $10.
James H. Lyons.to A. C. Freeman, block 13,
map A. Castro-street Addition; $10.
University Homestead Association to N. Mc-
Pherson, lot on W line of Oxford street, 100 N
of Wayland, W 120 by N 100, lot 3, block 104,
University Homestead; $313.
John F. Thornton to Frederick R. Drink
house, lot on S line of Sacramento street, 112:8
W of Locust, W 25 by S 100; $1000.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Mary Ross (wife of Nils), lot on E
line of Folsom street, 52:5 Vi S of Thirteenth.
S 25, E 98.03, N 23.313. W 99.10; $185. : .
Same to John Gibson, lot on N line of Four
teenth street.-W0 E of Folsom, E 25, N 116.513.
W 25.10, S 115.772; $1600.
Mary A Reed to Eva A. Reed, undivided
half Interest in lot on E line of Castro street,
153 S of Sixteenth. S 25 by E 123:7',i, warranty
deed: $20. *
Estate Frank Walker (a minor) (by Caroline
Walker, guardian) to Bertha Heck, lot on E
line of Hampshire street, 100 N of Twenty
fourth, N 50 by E 100; $1650.
Augusta Poppe to Elizabeth and Martha H.
Poppe and Annie C. Ingles (wife of E. F.).
lot on W line of Shotwell street. 180 N of Park
(Twenty-fourth). N 60 by W 122:6; gift.
Annie B. Cooper to Michael Cooper, lot on
W line of Guerrero street, 76:6 S of Army, S
23 by W 100; gift.
Estate Joseph M. Comerford (by executrix,
Eliza C. Herbert, formerly Eliza K. Comer
ford, and as executrix) to Edward 11. and Llllla
Thomas, lot on S line of Day street, 176 E of
Dolores. E 23 by S 76:6: $2100.
Elizabeth Butler to Margaret Brady, undi
vided half interest in lot on 8 line of Filbert
street. 220 W of Montgomery, W 27:6 by 8 137:6;
Lorenzo and Maria Pardinl to Giovanni
Talerl, lot on NW corner of Stockton and Pa
cific streets, W 80 by N 137:6: $10.
, David and Clementina Young to Peter and
Delia Farrlngton, lot on E line of lowa street,
321:8 N of Twenty-fifth (Yolo), N 25 by E 100;
grant.
Ellen Dlneen to Solomon Getz. lot on W line
of Eleventh avenue, 275 S of Point Lobos, S
25 by iv 120: $10. - x-
Matthew T Loftus to A. M. Speck, lot on W
line of Forty-third avenue, 260 S of A street,
S 70. W 157:9, NE 71:6, E 140:4: also lot on E
line of Valencia street, 123 S of Fifteenth, S
32 by W 100: also lot on W line of Mission
street 23:9 S of Fifteenth. S 36:3, W 107. N:6O,
E 20 'S 23:8, E 87; also lot 3C, block 49, Cali
fornia Land Association: also lot 32, block 62,
City Land Association: $10.
San-.e to William M. Abbott, lot on W line
of Forty-third avenue, 260 S of A street, 8 70,
W 157:9, NE 71:6, E 140:4; also lot on W line
of Mission street. 23:9 S of Fifteenth,-8 36;3,
W 107 N 60 E 20, S 23:9. E 87; also lot on E
line of Valencia street, 123 S of Fifteenth, S
32 br E 100: also lot 32, block 62, and lot 32.
block 49, City Land Association: $100.
Jennie Manwell (by Ferd Rels Jr. and Wil
liam S. Pardy. trustees) to Pacific States S.
L. & B Co.. 17C3 D. 347. lot on E line of Me-
Clellan street. 25 N of Lincoln, N 60 by E 70,
lots 171 and 173. gift map 1 (trustees' deed); $350.
Edward J. L* Breton to Eugene Kelly, re
conveyance of 1828 D. 224, Interest In estate of
Margaret Kelly, No. 20,637: $797.
Alameda County.
Emll S. Lund. Puget Sound Lumber Company
and H. T. Holmes (by F. D. Adams, commis
sioner) to C. B. Higby, lot 2 and 17:5 feet of lot
L Orchard Tract, Brooklyn Township; $3200.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Rose A
Fine (wife of Nehemlah)/ lotß 17 and 18, block
11, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Alameda Land Company (a corporation)' to
Leah F. Mott, lot on E line of Chestnut street
DO N of Clinton avenue, N 67:8 by E 100, being
portion of lots 1 and 2, block H, lands adjacent
to Enclnal. Alameda; $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Lafayette
street. 98:4 S of Enclnal avenue. 8-35:8 by W
148, block 8, Amended Map, Bartlett Tract, Ala
meda; $10.
Burdette Cornell to 8. E. Harris, lot on NE
corner of Seward or Tenth and Wood streets,
N 27 by E 90, block 710. Oakland: tlO.
Florentin P. Dagany to Jean Bernou, lot on
W line of Market street, 59:7% S of Twenty
flm. 8 25 by W 125, being lot 3 on Map of Sub
division of Wall Tract. Oakland; 110.
Catherine and Charles Fella to J. H. T. Wat
kineon, lots 19 to 23, 2S and 62, Map ot Bowie
property, Oakland Township; $20.
Hattle P. Mullery to Carrie A, Gould, lot on
N line of Santa Clara avenue, 240 E of Prospect
street, X 40 by N 137:6, J»elns; portion of Augh
inbaugh 223-acre Tract, •Uameda; $10.
George F. and Emma M. Bernard and Daniel
J. Desmond to A. M. Crow (wife of J. H.), lot
on N line of Thirty-seventh street, 200 E of
Market, E 43 by N HB. being the W 45 feet of
lot 1 on Map of Beckett's Second Addition to
Oakland. Oakland; $10.
Rtchard J. Montgomery to James F. McCourt
ney, all Interest in lot on E line of Magnolia
street, 210 N of "West Fourteenth, N 39 by E
125:3, block 557, Oakland; also lot on NE corner
of Forty-third and Grove streets, E 90 by N 60,
Oakland; $10.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to Realty Syn
dicate (corporation), lot on NE corner of Spring
street and boundary line of lot 2, block D, Re
vised Map Piedmont Park, thence "W and SW
407.33, N 132, NE 647.5, SE 548 to beginning, be
ing lot 2 and NE half of lot 1, block D, Pied
mont Park. Oakland Township; $2000.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) of San Fran
cisco to Piedmont Development Company, lots
I, 2 and 9, block D, revised map of Piedmont
Park. Oakland Township: $10.
Maggie and James Mowat (by Frederick
Baker, attorney) to W. C. Moran, lots 67, 68 and
69, block B, amended map of Christlanla Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
W. C. and Lillle G. Moran to L. C. Moran.
lots 57 and SS, block B, Amended map of Chrls
tlania Tract, Berkeley; $200.
Sophia E. and E. P. Duplex Sr. to W. C.
Moran, lots 10 and 11, block A, Harmon Tract,
Berkeley (subject to a mortgage for $400); $2.
. W. C. Moran to Lillle G. Moran, lots 10 and
11, block A, Harmon Tract, Berkeley; gift.
McCarthy Company (corporation) to Charles
A. . Jeffers, lot 11 In subdivision C, Fruitvale
Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Henry Harris and Charles A. Jeffers to Mc-
Carthy Company (corporation), lot IS In subdi
vision F, Eame; $10.
Mary R. Mastlck (by Oscar L. Roarers,
Sheriff) to John M. Lewis, lot on NW corner
of Railroad avenue and Sherman street, W 75
by N 100.25. Alameda; $6740.
. Julius A. and Elizabeth H. Remmel to Ed
win B. Carson, lot on W line of Caroline street,
147.79 N of Central avenue. N 35 by W 135,
Alameda; $3500. ,
B. H. and Fannie H. Lohmann to John E.
Keyer, lot on S line of Thirty-fourth street,
163 W of Telegraph avenue, W 26:6 by S 123,
being portion of plat 10, Rancho £31 and D
Peralta. Oakland: $10.
Ellen CKeeffe to Manuel Rogers, lot on SW
line of East Fourteenth street • (formerly Ad
ams street). 112:6 SE of Twentieth avenue
(formerly Contra Costa street), SE 37:6 by SW
140. being the SE >-4 of lot 20 and all of lot 19,
block 9, San Antonio, East Oakland: $10.
John Klnery to Bridget Ellen Klnery,. re
record 694. d 290, lots 5 to 10, block 40, Oakland;
Elft.
Joseph Jost to Ruth A. Jost, undivided half
Interest In lots 16, 17 and IS, block 83. situated
on Mound street, between Jackson and Monroe,
Alameda; cift.
E. and Caroline Meynott to Edward R. and
Caroline C. Hatherly, lot on SW corner of
Hayes and Saunders streets, W 150 by S 100,
block 12, San Leandro. Eden Township; grant.
J. L. and Mary C. Barker to W. C. Pond, lot
on W Mne of Shattuck avenue, 60.06 S of Berke
ley way. S 49.20, W 105.50, N 43. E 109 to be
ginning, being portion of lots 57 and 58, map of
College Tract, Berkeley; $100.
James Gamble to Laura B. Nelson (wife of
H. P.), lot 10, block G, Crystal Springs Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Mary A. Mallne to Eliza G. Dargie, one acre,
being the W half of lot 5. block 32, Warner
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Eliza G. Darele to Grace Herrler, same,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
R. W. and Louise T. Graff to P. H. Beaver,
lot 00 W line of Park street as widened to 80
feet, 100:4 N of San Jose avenue, N 50:2, W
113:2 H. S 50, E 708:11 to beginning, being por
tion of lot 8. block R, lands adjacent to En
clnal, Alameda; $10.
Frederick A. Dodge to John Townsend, lots
12 and IS. in E half of block N, lands ad
jacent to Enclnal, subject to two .mortgages,
one for $1300 and one for $330, Alameda; $3.
Pacific Land and Investment Company to
M. M. Smith (wife of William), lots 17 and 18.
block 22, map of town of Newark, filed May
6, IS7S. Washington Township: $10.
S. C. Blgelow to Karl H. Nickel, lot on SE
¦line of Howe street, 286 SW of Amethyst, SW 60
by SE 125. being the SW 10 feet of lot 30 and all
"of lot 29 and NE 20 feet of lot 28, block B, Ther
mall Hill (formerly the Howe Tract), Oakland;
«10.
Karl H. Nickel to Mac E. Hardy, same; $10.
John R. Glascock to Jose de Sausa Garafa, lot
34, block 24, North Alameda Tract, East Oak
land; $10.
George G. and Frances C. Baker. Walter F.
Lewis, Albert S. Woodbrldge and Thomas and
Elizabeth Gillan (by W. tj. Harlow, commis
sioner) to J. H. T. Watjclnson, 13.16 acres be
ginning at the center line of Linda avenue at
the most W corner of lot 3. subdivision Map
Bowman Tract, thence NE 871.40 feet to most N
corner of.lot 3, thence SE 706.20 to center In
Bowie street, thence SW 238.73, SW 197.70.
thence along the center of Howard street SE
340 to center of Oakland avenue, thence SW
226.06 to center of Linda avenue, thence NW
63.16 feet, NW 119.16, NW 299. NW 194.65, NW
233.64 to beginning, being portion of lot 3 and
portion of lot 6, subdivision A, Map Bowman
Tract, Oakland Township; also lot 24. contain
ing 1.10 acres, being portion of Glen Echo Tract
Map 2, Oakland; also 3.4S acres beginning at a
point on line marked "A B" on the plat of
"subdivision of Map of Bowman Tract distant
340.66 E .from point marked "A," which last
mentioned point ls at the Intersection of Bow
man, Piedmont Park and Pleasant Valley Farm
Tract: thence NE 6.92 chains, NE .44 chains, SE
6.51 chains, SE 1.52 chains, SW 11.56 chains to
beginning, being lot 2 tn part A. subdivision of
Map of Bowman Tract, Oakland Township; also
4.01 acres beginning at point of intersection of
E line of Lake avenue with line marked "A 1,"
Bowman Tract, IS2 NW from "A." thence NE
4.99 chains. NE 4.14 chains, NE 3.45 chains-, SW
6.92 chains, SW 5.16 chains, NW 2.76 chains to
beginning, being subdivision 3-A, Bowman
Tract, Oakland Township; $45,487.
Annie G. Flint to Martha M. Flint, lots 6. 7.
and 10, block 6, property of John Kearney near
State University, Berkeley (quitclaim deed) $10.
Charles Babb to same, came (quitclaim deed);
$70.
William G. and Charles R. Mitchell to Hugh
G. Mitchell, undivided two third Interest in lot
on SE corner of Daley and Le Roy avenues, S
49.15 by E 123, being lot 7, block 20, Daley's
Scenic Park, Berkeley: $10.
Warren and Paulina Urquhart to Abbie E.
Sanderson (wife of John), lot on NW corner of
Berkeley way and McGee avenue. \V 100 by N
125, being lots 23 and 26 on Map of Subdivisions
9 and 10, Hardy Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Mattle Trimlngham to A. B. and Sarah Mont
ross, lot 41 on Map of Roberts' Addition to
Town of Irvlngton, Washington Township; $10.
Eunice Hendricks to Carlos Parker Griffin,
lot on SW corner of Fourteenth and Peralta
streets. W 100 by S 40, block 726-A. Oakland;
$10.
Emma M. and D. Edward Collins to Ellse R.
Cordes. lots 77V1- and 78, block G, on Amended
Map of blocks G and I of Vicente Peralta Res
ervation Tract, Oakland: $300.
Lizzie de Verner (by A. E. H. Cramer, attor
ney) to John M. Wiley, lot on E line of Sixth
street, 201:3 N of Bancroft way, N 60 by E 115,
being lot 21, tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley: $100.
Lula A. and William G. Pitts to Edwin Mark
ham, lot on N line of Jones avenue, 100 E of
Chestnut street. E 50 by N 141. being lot 3.
block 14, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township:
$30.
L. E. and Ella E. Eshleman to John B. Hop
kins, lot 7, block A, Map of Subdivision of
Heald Twenty-thlrd-avenue Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Dr. G. W. Newcomer (executor of estate of
Nancy N. Gallatin) to Walter K. Scott, all In
terest in lot on E line of Union street. 132:« S
of Santa Clara avenue, E44 by S 25, Alameda;
$300.
Joseph and Mary A. Wllkes to Ole S. and
Annie Hansen, lot 13. block 79, Tract B, Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Mary
Lanclals (wife of Joseph T.), lot on N line of
Virginia street, 28 W of McGee avenue, W 35
by N 134.67. being the W 19 feet of let 31 and
E 28 feet of lot 32. block B, Hamilton Tract,
Berkeley; $5.
Elmhurst Land Company to California Realty
Company of San Francisco (corporation), lots
13 21 to 2S. 35, 47 to 50. 54, 55. 58. 59. 60. 63.
75 to 79 94 and 95, Elmhurst Park, Brooklyn
Township: also lots }. 10, 11, 13, 14, 16. 17, 7S, .84
to 83 93 to 98, 105, 109. 110 to 116, 12L 122 and
123 same park No. 2, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Henrietta
Lucas, lot B, Galindo Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to Joseph
and Emllie Walter, lot on E line of Morton
street (formerly St. Paul street), 230 S of Rail
road avenue. S B0 by E 150, being lots 49 and 50.
block 26, Fitch Homestead Tract, Alameda; $10.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Hulda A.
Miller lot on S line.of Thirty-seventh street,
244.95 E of Market, E 40 by S 130,.being portion
of lots 14 and 15 on map of Beckett's Second
Addition to Oakland. Oakland: $500.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to Realty Syn
dicate Company of Ean Francisco (corporation),
lot on N corner of Evoy avenue .(or Fortieth)
and Adeline street, E 257.11, N 146.20, W 2J4.12.
S 146.88, to beginning, being lot 19, on Map of
H C. Dohr's Homestead, subject to a mort
gage for $1500. Oakland: also lot 1. block 32,
containing 2.71S acres, being portion of Warner
Tract, subject to a mortgage for $1000, Brook
lyn Township; also 4.73 acres, being lot 3, on
may of 24-acre tract of estate of John B. Wat
son, deceased, subject to a mortgage for $1500,
East Oakland: $10. • • •
Thomas Olaquez to Franclsca Olaquez, lot on
W line of Union street, 10 S of Thirtieth. S 60
by W 115. block I, Peralta Homestead Associa
tion Oakland; also lot on W lino of Union
street, 175 S of Thirtieth. S 25 by W 115, block
I Peralta Homestead Association, Oakland
slooo. . .
Robert and Elizabeth Chalmers to Giovanni
Ghigllottl, undivided half interest In lot on S
line of Fifty-first street (formerly Vernon ave
nue), 150 E of Telegraph avenue, -E 100 by S
150, being lots 60 and 51, Temescal Park, Oak
land; $450.
H. C. Morris to Richard Hlggs, lot 1, block
A, Fanny Davenport Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Frank Dibello and M. Gamber (owners) with
D. P. Benson (contractor), architect H. D.
Mitchell, all work except raising for alterations
and additions to n. frame building on N line of
Green street, 157:9 east of Dupont, E 19:9 by N
64:6: SICCO.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEI
W G McMillan, Sacto
J F Condon. Verdi
A M Allen, Chicago
G Migliavacca & w, Cal
Mrs J McLeod, Ls Ang
W Murray, Pleasanton
Mrs J C Franks. ¦ Cal
Miss C M Franks, Cal
H J Barlow, San Jose
F Wehl, Visalia
J W Rodman & w, Cal
F D Frost. Paso Robles
8 Sondheim, Tacoma
Rev A Howe & w, Cal
E L Hawk, Sacto
Mrs Rosenberg, Seattle
E M Williamson & w.
Watsonville
Mrs J B GUdersleeve,
Stanford
J N Forgens & w, Cal
F Thomas. Denver
C A Washburn. Denver
E Angelman, Ls Ang
A Eckstein & w. Or
G M Pock. Stockton
J H Roberts, Sacto
A 7. Hubbell Ontario
L C Koberg, Healdsbrg
E C Ivens, S L Obispo
J B de Jarnatt, Colusa
F W Graham. Denver
M J Silvia, Stockton
F Crcnan, Sacto
J r.lvmonfs. Cal
C E Hawley, Los Anac
J J Helbron & w, Cal
J E Barker. Montana
Mrs R Barker, Jlont
Miss V Barker. Mont
R Coburn Mont
W D Matligan. Stockta
R M Storms. Colusa
L W Shinn, Angels
J Rose Jr, Sutler Crlc
C G Wilcox. Visalla
J M Miller, Los Ang
Mrs L Regrsel. Utah
Mrs C H Hall. S Jose
J C Hall. Redlands
C Grady, Naoa
A G Hood & w. Cal
Mrs S Robinson. Cal
Mrs Smith. Talo Alto
Mrs E Hendrin, S Rosa
C W Kellogg. Lakeprt
S B Fulton. Sonoma
F E Valentine, Sacto
M J RiorUan & w. Aria
Dr J T Jones Grss Val
Mrs T Wheeler. Stocka
PALACE HOTEL.
C A Davis. Chicago !
V 3 Watt. Chicago
Mrs R Barker, Mont
Violet Barker. Mont
John E Barker. Mont
R Coburn, Mont
A C Luck. Nevada
O P Jenkins, Etanfrd
E S Churchill. Napa
J C McGill. N T
R P-^ulnn. Watsonvll
Mrs Qulnn, Watsonvil
C Taylor. Oakland
Mrs C Taylor, Oaklnd
O D Brownlee. S Jose
Mrs Brownlee, S Jose
C L Hanson. Los Ang
W S Bonnell. Pa
Mrs W S Bonnell. Pa
Miss Bonnell. Pa
H Leavltt. Grass Val
R E Wills. Wash
Mrs R E Wells, Wash
Mrs R Rush. U'aah
Miss Rush. Wash
J J Post. Mich
Mrs J J Post. Mich
L, J Wright. Shasta
E Balf. Hartford ¦'.-¦"-:
NEW WESTE
T C Harmon. N V
W H Harri9. Fresno
E Champaftne, Cal
J Docßer, San Jose
F M Burr, Salinas
J Kenny, Sacto
J M Skinner & w. Ill;
J J Smith. Portland
F V Smith, Oregon
W L Ensign, Oregon !
Kate Hennessey. Hrtfd
Mrs F McLaushlln.SCi
R A Penrose, Arizona
P A NewmarVc, L Ang
C Monroe. Los Ana;
D L. "Whittintton.S De
D Melone. Oak Knoll
J Edeshelmer. N V
C W MefrlU. Alameda
Mrs Merrill. Alameda
E List. Chicago
F W Slnrer. Chicago
C G Stortdard. Dayton
Mrs Stoddard. Dayton
Dr A Beebe. Boston
E II Mason. Boston
W B Buckmlnster.Bstn
X Trtest. Los Aner
A J Rust. Eau Clairs
Mrs Rust. Eau Clairo
Mrs R J Ward. N T
R A CralK. N' T
X P Glann. Toledo
Mrs Glann. Toledo
Charlotte Hall. Stnfrf
J J Crooks. S Rafael
Mrs Crooks. 8. Rafael
II A Drucker. Cinn
:rn hotei*
W G Sener. Cal "
H O Swanson. ToraaJs
F II Driver & w, Cal
J A Scott, ti Anar
H C Baer &. w. Wis
W M Livermcre. Ophlr
W B Knott. Cal
G H Caster. Portland
R G Priest. Fresno
VT D Hammon, Gazelle
STENOGRAPHIC FAMINE.
Police Judges "Want an End Put to'
Present State of Affairs.
The Police Judges met yesterday at
noon and Judge Fritz was appointed Pre
siding Judge for this year.
The writ of mandate secured by Attor
ney Pistoles! in regard to the issuance of
a warrant for the arrest of Captain Witt
man and two policemen on a charge of
battery was discussed. The Judges do
cided that they had. a right to exercise
their discretion in such a matter, and as
the issuance of a warrant was a judicial
act the writ of mandate did not apply
The Judges will meeet again to-day to
take some action as to the stenographic
famine. There are only two stenograph
ers, and on several occasions witnesses in
felony cases have been sent away at con
siderable inconvenience, as both sten
ographers were engaged and the cases
could not be taken up. It is no unusual
thing to see two policemen rushing along
with one of the stenographers from one
court to another, and just as he has com
menced taking down the testimony there
is a demand for his services in another
court.
COLONEL WEINSTOCK
DISCUSSES SOCIALISM
Colonel H. Weinstock enlightened a
large audience last evening in the Acad
emy of Sciences Hall on the aims and ob
jects of socialism. He delivered a con
cise and interesting address on the sub
ject and his views in the matter were
warmly applauded by the members of the
Socialist Labor party, under whose aus
pices the lecture was given.
At the outset he explained the differ
ence between anarchism, communism,
nationalism and socialism. He told of the
objects of each and then called off a list
of the distinguished men and women of
the world who were deeply Interested in
socialism. He mentioned Grant Allen, the
author; George Bernard Shaw, the fa
mous critic; Mrs. Theodore Wright, a
leading English actress, and many other
famous persons who were believers in
socialism. He told of the efforts of the
members #of the organization to secure
the government ownership of railroad,
telegraph and other important branches
now in the hands of trusts and big cor
porations. Throughout his lecture he was
accorded the greatest attention and at
the conclusion was roundly applauded.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— A. Adeldorper
and Jesse Coleman of San Francisco are
at the Hoffman; W. G. Baymiller of Sac
ramento is at the Grand; M. Welsh and
wife of Los Angeles are at the Imperial;
J. P. Weil of San Francisco is at the Her
ald Square.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. J. L. Jones of Grass Valley Is at
the Grand.
Dr. Robertson of Llvermore Is at the
Occidental.
Drury Melone is registered at the Palace
from Oak Knoll.
Dr. C. W. Kellogg of Lakeport is a
guest at the Grand.
L. T. Wright, the Shasta County min
ing magnate, is at the Palace.
W. F. Hall, a wealthy oil speculator of
Vi-alla, is a guest at the Lick.
Rev. A. Home of Lewlston, Idaho, is at
the Grand, accompanied by his wife.
Judge S. F. Gell has come up from his
home in Salinas and is at the Occidental.
J. H. Block, a well-known businessman
of Portland, Or., is. registered at the Occi
dental.
Mrs. Frank McLaughlin. wife of the
Santa Cruz capitalist, is registered at the
Palace.
Professor T. S. C. Lowe has come up
from Pasadena and is registered at the
California.
A. L. Smith, the Sdcramento fruit man,
is at the Lick while on a short business
trip to this city.
J. B. do Jarmatt, a wealthy rancher of
Colusa, is at the Grand while on a visit
of pleasure to the city.
Lorin Farr, ex-Mayor of Ogden and one
of the most prominent men in Utah, Is a
late arrival at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crooks have come
over from their home in San Rafael and
taken rooms at the Palace.
General A. W. Barrett. State Bank
Commissioner, is registered at the Cali
fornia from his home in Los Angeles.
Among the recent arrivals at the Occi
dental is Dr. Clinton Cushingr, who en
gaged apartments at that hostelry yester
day.
• Mr. and Mrs. Lee L. Gray, prominent
society people of Fresno, are paying this
city a Bhort visit. They are at the Occi
dental.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1900.
•*~""|k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M~rr*&r% *»-** IKEA R\Y ST. Established
kJS*fjf* ?]i\ In I W4 for the treatment of Private
f'U^*' *&I Di.ien.vs, Lost Manhood. Debility or
"iffKSjffga dlseas* bodyandmliidan<l
*X**liS:4\2a slcln f )lie as«"S. Thedoctorcureswhi-ii
<>tbers fa "- Try him. Charges low
"¦"SraiMa" l'nrotrii»niiii..j Call orwritp
J>r. <!• * • UIBB*9X. Hvx «997, 5aa JcVajtcjfca
-MOTRRRK rJlVinO I'VMrAHT.
(pacific ttYsrnt.)
Trataa !•>¦»*«> «¦•! nr* dn« to r.rrl** •*
NAN H:.»MIMO.
(Ham Line, Foot of Market Street)
uatb — Fko* DxcssfßZK 13, 1339. — Ainm
•~»0l>\ BcnicU, SnlsuD, Elmira, V*ca»iUe,
EniQseytnd Hacrameato *7:43p
•?«••* Shasta ETprt-n— Davis, Willows,
flea Bluff, Fcrtlard..- *7il3r
. *7>3A a Martinez, .San Kanicn, Vallojo. Napa,
- Caltstcga nti'l Santa Il'.w •<!: I r> r
•¦iSAa Th« Overland Ll :>i :?<'.— Ojden. Den.
Ter. Oaaha, Chicar> *3ilSy
•¦•X* * Ban Jose, livemore, Stockton,
lons, Sacra::: ur«. P!ao rtiils,
MarjsTllle. Chico. Ke.l UliilT Mil*r
•a«S»» "Milton. 0ak.1.i!.-an.l Hocora MtlB*
•»:OO* Haywart'S. Nilea ami Way Stations. • II : 13*
•9:OOa Dark. Woodland. Knishts Landing.
-MiTJSviiie. Hr.i7i.l-. •T»-IJI»
•f»:OO» Atlantic Kxprsss— Ouden and East *I>:l3*
•9:Oi>\ Martinez, Tncy. Latlirop, Stockton.
Merc tl and l>'rexno. »iatl3»>
•»:«<> A Pert Cost* I'f.'HS.u. 2JojnTO ami I.o«
Angeles •«l:-t3r
MOiOOA Vaih-jo, AUrtmex and Way Stations # C:l.lp
•1 1:00 a Haywarils, Miles a-<l Way Stations. •»« I 3»
•I2:«!0m Nilcs, Urcrmore, Stockton, Hacra-
nento, McmloU, IlanfoiO, Visalla,
PcitctTillo M:l»»
tl:OOr SaCTainento l.'iTer Steamers tH:o«r
•»:OOp Htywaida. Niks and Way Stations. # 3«13*
•4:«»r Manioc*, fian Earnon, Vallejo,
Napa. i \t! \nt c m. Santa Unsa **t 1 3*
•4iOOr Benicla, Vacafil.'e, Kacramento.
Woodland, Knights I,an<liug,
UarySTillc, Orofilie »1»:434
•4UBOp NUes, Han Josoaml Stockton •7«15»
•StOOrThe Onl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakcreflelt], baugus (or Santa Bar-
bara. I«cb Anseles a lnt43a
•3i»Op Snnsct LfcEitcd— El I'-xao, .Vow Or-
leassand East alOt43a
•.li3Or Btockton. Merceil. Fresno *12:13r
¦Siitor Fresno. Kakcrslielil, s.uit* IWlmrit,
Los Angeles. Demiag, El Two,
New Orleans and East *Si 13 *
•3i3Or Bant.i lo Kouto— AUaullo Express
for Mojarn ami Kant *6**3p
V *8:09r Haywards, Xiles ami Kan Jose *7i4.ia.
?OUIOr Vallejo •stslß*
•OiSttf Oriental Mail-OgJen and Ka3t •8:5 Op
J7:oop \ all -jo, l'oxt Costa anil Way St*- .
tlona. I«t33r
•SiO3i» Oregon and California Kxi>reu,Ha»
. ' rniuento. Marjstille. IV i.ltnar.
rortlan.l. rVg-'. 50n,,,! am! Kaafc MIIS4
C3*ST DIVISION (S.irrow «aage).
(Foot of M:»rlti:t Street.)
•SiH 3* Newark", Ceutcr»ille,N4!i.loTC.F*-Hon, ~*
Conlder Crtek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations •StS«s>
tail ft r Newark, Onter»!lle, San Jose, N<rw
Almttden, Fclton, Itonltier Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations t '•'*'?»
M:lHr Newark, Han .Tone, Los Gatos. *0:30 a
IllilSp Hnnters' Kxctuslon, Ban Joss and
Way .Staffers }7«ao»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frisaSM FRI3ICISC0 — root er Mnitt Strut (Sli» «>—
•7:15 9:00 11:00*.*. |I:J3 # 2:03 t3:C9
•«:C3 t3:C3 •fcOflr.M.
rromOJU4.tß— Fj»l«rßraji»«».— *(!:oo 800 ?0:00». M.
t!2:C3 "I:C3 t2:S3 *3:C3 ti:S3 "8:C3f.11.
COAST MTISIOS (nroailGaage).
(Third nnd Townseml S '.-O
tatlOAOceau View, South a*n Francisco.. t«=3Op
*7sOW* Ban Jos* hi.. l Way HUtioua (New
Aluiaden Wednesdays ouly) *i:Sny
*9H>4>4. San Jose, Tres l'lnos, M.mt.i t'piz,
' Pacttio (It :iv«. I'aso Itobles. San
/ 1.n13 OMspn, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations *iil<»»
•IO«I»a Ran Joao uml Way Stations •n : «3 A
•lltSO* Ban Joso ami Way Stations # 3iaor
4a>4lspßan Matso, lUUwood, Menlo Park,
' Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Ban Jnse,
, , ' . Tres Finos, ftatita Cm SV.inas,
Monterey and racfflo Grove flOsSC*
fSiSOr San Jose and Way Stations *7:3»r
flslSrSanJoteanrt Principal Way Stations *tt:43*
43:OOrSan Jose and Principal Wa7 Stations tl»:O»i
*5:30r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations *R>33&
•Cs:iOp Ban Jose and Way Stations t*:O»A,
ftll:4sp San .Tnsaamt Way Stations *7:30r
? (or Morning. P (or Afternoon.
* Daily. t Sunday exc*r<te<i { Sunday only.
6 Saturday on'.j.
.AXBtadava and Fridays • Thursday* aad Bondirt.
CALIFO3NIA NORTUWESTEfiN BY. CO-
LHSSHE
BAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlboron Perry. Foot of Market St
: BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS- 7:30. 9:00. ll:'T0 a. m. : 12:J5.
5.30. 5:10, 8:30 d. m. Thnrsdays— Extra tri»
at ll:3t> p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at l:a*
and 11:30 p. m.
EUNDATS— B:OO, 9:V>. 11:00 a. m.; i:M. 1:30.
8:00. *:!0 d. m.
, BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. in.; 12:43.
3:40. J:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. - •
SUNDAYS— 4:IO. »:481. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, $:«. J:W,
• :25 d. m.
Between San Francisco and Echuetxea Par*
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrlv*
Ban Francisco. In Effect Saa Francisco.
October 15.
Week Sun- ISS3. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 8:C0 am Novato. 10:40 am S:4O am
3:30 pm 9:30 tn Fetaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 ar.i
6:10 pm S:CO pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
Fulton.
7:20 am Windsor, l»:Ji am
Heald^buix.
Lytton.
Geyserville,
S:3O pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:25 pm 1:13 pm
7:30 am JHopland aad
t:00 am' Ulclah. 7:33 pm «:23 pm
7:10 am ¦ 10:25 ana
t:00 am Quernsvlll*. 7:35 pin
S:Jopm 8:23 pm
7:30 am 3:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:43 am
and
s:lopm S:oopm GlervEllsn. B:ospm B:23pm
7:30 am 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 1 10:2$ am
J:JO pm 5:00 pm 7:25 pm| 8:23 pm
Stages connect af Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whin Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Oeysenrlll* for SkafS*
Springs: at Clcverdale for the Geysen; at llop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Eartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vtchy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Laks, Porno.
1 Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. LJeriey's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, UullvUla, Orr'a
Hot 6prlngs. ilendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal, Wtllltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
in ing s. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dy»r.
Ecctla and Eurelca.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
beyond Fan Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offle»s. CO Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running end most
luxurious train across the continent.
Conxbctkjo Train 1 Leaves San Fr anciscoi
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
EXPRESS P* m " with Palace and Tourist
n a 11 v cars for Kansas City, St. Lotus,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local train* between Stockton, VAL LtY
Fresno, Hanford, VlSalia,V 1S alia, Tnlaro dA aV
and Bakersfield. ROAD
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FRISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Mai a
1 kiouu ovun IS3U OakUnd% lUBBroad _
•way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
KOarß PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vis BmomUf Ftrrj.
Commencing October 1, ig«j.
TKOIX BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL YALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL. X
WEEK DATS— I:69. 1:30. U:«0 a. o.- n-«i
•S:¥>. 5:15. «:00. «:S9 p. m.
KXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley an* San Ra-
ar»--C0 B .nd°SlS r "p. «•*""*¦" laa S «*^«.
SUNDAYS— •*:<». •10:00. ni:3o a. m. • »I'UL
1:13. M.tt. I:SO. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Qiientln.
ITtOJI SAN RAFAEL TO SAN KRANCI3CO
WEEK DATB-4M. »5:35. 7:45.
IT.& 1:15. '3:40, p. m. ••«»..
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:1s p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:3O. *J:00, '10:00, »U:« a. oli
«1:W. *3:IS. 4:43. *«:a> p. m. *
Trains mark« 4 <•) start from San Quantln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. «:45. 7:33, »:« a. nJi
12:35. 2:33. 3:45. S:W p. m. ' *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:«tand 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:O6. 10:05 a. in.; 12:08, IjJ*. «a»V
THROTTGH TRAINS.
T:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — Toinales and —ay ita'tonsl
IWHi Bli HmnTfr- Tmnln liti iTTsI ¦tafinafl
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry.
Week Days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:00, 10:00 a, m. and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car oa all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 40.
11Sale letter delivery for Nome, via St. Michael,
•tartin* Jan. 25, via Kodialc; limit % oz.; *5 per
letter, i^i^s & £&lte&bach, Z» iiwfcet st. •
twins, O. and G., Al Layden, Tony Christ, F. Hauser, G.
Hill, Al Kidd, James Brady, E. Allen. G. Brown and
"Captain" Feigherey. In the Market street team were
Herman Mitchell, Kid Selms, Jerry Lenehan, J.
Crookey, G. Jelllck, E. Ordway, H. Gavlca, F.
Yates, L. Ellinger, J. Conlon and Ed Mc-
Closky. Willie Schoenbein mascotted for both Bides
impartially. The "Market streets" had the advantage of
weight and age, but their younger and lighter opponents
possessed more vim and perhaps more muscle. Anyway,
the "Market streets" found themselves being drawn slow
ly but surely across the line, when Dutchy Mitchell whip
ped out his bolo and severed the rope, saving his team
from the disgrace of , defeat. Pandemonium wasn't a
marker to the racket that ensued, but "Captain" Feigh
erey finally declared that his team was entitled to the
prize— fifteen meals in"de Beanery"— because they would
have won anyway but for the fdul. The "Market streets"
accepted the dictum of the "boss." but not without pro
testing that a score of "kids was oullin' de rope behind
de- 'Kearny streets' " when Mitcht.l cut the difference
with his knife. \
This trouble settled, time was called and the entire
gang herded near the grand stand for a midday lunch
of beer and sandwiches. "Chaw" Hanley stood guard over
the keg of beer, that had been donated by a friendly li
quor dealer, and saw that no applicant was served twice.
He was accused of sampling the contents of the keg oft
ener than was necessary, but declared, with a look of in
jured Innocence, that he had only tasted the beverage
once or twice to make sure there was no "dope" in It.
After luncheon a championship game of baseball was
played between the "Baltimore Hops" and the "Oriental
Bmokers," the former being recruited from the Market
street gang and the latter from the Kearny street out
fit, as follows: • »
"Baltimore Hops"— J. Jelllck, E. Ordway, J. Lenehan,
H. Gavlca. C. Hawkins, George McClosky, L. Yates, M.
Cohen and L. Ellinger.
"Oriental Smokers"— G. Hill, G. Brown, J. Brady, E.
Allen, G. Schelb, George Doyce, Al Layden, Al Kidd and
"Captain" Feigherey.
C. Miller and D. Whipple acted as umpires and they
had plenty of trouble. The "Hops" were finally declared
the victors by a score of 38 to 24, but the "Smokers"
claimed half their opponents' runs were made by outsid
ers. As there were two scrub teams playing on the edge
of the diamond, it is possible such a thing might have
happened, but the referees had to give the game to some
body and the "Hops" were ahead according to the re
turns. That settled the sport for the day and the mes
senger boys scurried home to get a little sleep before re
porting on duty for the night, after the hardest day's
work they have performed for months. For the next
week the delivery of notes In San Francisco will require
double the usual time, as the boys will need fully that
much time to rest.
CONDUCTOR OF
A CAR CHOKES A
LADY PASSENGER
Trouble Over a Boy's
Fare.
HE IS THROWN OFF THE CAR
She Is Insulted and Choked by the
Conductor and Has Him Ar
rested on a Charge of
Battery.
Mrs. Annie Welsh. 120 Rlpley street,
wife of John Welsh, a clerk, secured a
warrant from Judge Cabaniss yesterday
afternoon for the arrest of "John Doe"
Burke, a conductor on the Valencia street
line, on a charge of battery.
Mrs. Welsh was riding on Burkes car
yesterday morning on her way downtown,
when a poorly dressed woman and a little
boy boarded the car. The woman tendered
Burke a nickel for her fare, which he
rang up, and then demanded a nickel for
the boy's fare. The woman said the boy
was too young, and besides she did not
have another nickel. Burke insisted upon
getting the boy's fare, and stopping the
car threw the child off. The mother
stepped off the car also, but before Burke
could ring for the car to proceed Mrs.
Welsh offered Burke a nickel for the boy's
fare.
"I don't want you to interfere," said
Burke rudely. "Keep your nickel. I know
her of old. She is no good and you are no
good."
The car went on without the woman
and boy, and Mrs. Welsh rode on to the
ferry with the intention of returning on
the car to report Burkes conduct.
At the ferry Burke said to her, "Why
don't you leave the car?" and she replied
"Because I don't want to. I am gong
back and there's my fare."
"I know what you want," said Burke
angrily. "You want to get my number
and report me, but you won't get It." He
had kept his number covered every time
he came near Mrs. Welsh. "You have to
get off this car," continued Burke, adding
language that shocked th£ lady, and he
grabbed her by the throat and tried to
force her off the car. She clung with both
hands to the stanchions, and when she
screamed for help Burke released his
hold.
Mrs. Welsh paid her fare back, and
when she reached the Valencia-street
terminus she learned that the conductor
was named Burke. She lodged a com
plaint against him at the office of tho
company and threatened to have him ar
rested. She was asked not to apply for a
warrant, as the matter would be thor
oughly Investigated. Mrs. Welsh consult
ed her brother. "White Hat" McCarty
and he took her to the office of Attor
neys Eddy & HcHartin, and she told
them the circumstances. Accompanied by
Attorney McMartln, Mrs. Welsh went to
Judge Cabanlss* court and swore to the
warrant for Burkes arrest. She says she
has witnesses who will corroborate her
testimony.
Tobias Burke, the conductor, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon and taken to
the Central police station. He denied
choking Mrs. Welsh or attempting to
throw her off the car.
ESOLA CHARGES
BEFORE POLICE
COMMISSIONERS
Immaterial Evidence
Adduced.
>
MEADER FAILED TO APPEAR
The Testimony Offered Corroborated
the Charges Filed and the In
vestigation Will Be Eesumed
This Evening.
i c
Last evening the Police Commission
opened its investigation of the charges
made by the Bulletin against Lieutenant
Frederick L. Esola. Little evidence of
more than ordinary importance was ad
duced. The witnesses examined were
those offered by the Bulletin; none of the
testimony in possession of the accused
lieutenant was taken, and that which was
heard was merely corroborative of the af
fidavit filed with the commission by Fre
mont Older and signed by Alexander
Meader.
When Header's name was called he did
not answer, and testimony later given by
his wife developed the fact that shortly
after he had signed the Bulletin affidavit
he mysteriously disappeared and had not
elnce been heard of. The evidence of Mrs.
Header was shaky, to say the least. She
became entangled frequently by the Ques
tions of Attorney Frank McGowan, who
appeared for the relator. The testimony
of her brother-in-law was also dubious in
character. While both supported in the
main the allegations made in the affidavit
of Alexander Header, they were guilty of
numerous contradictions when questioned
as to minor details.
The principal witnesses of the evening
were Mr. Older and William Meloney. a
reporter of the Bulletin. It was Mr. Me
loney who ascertained the alleged facts
set forth in the charges against Esola.
He repeated conversations which he had
had with the Headers, in which they had
Bald that Lieutenant Esola, with Alexander
Header, had been guilty of stealing three
sacks of potatoes and some coffee, and
that, fearing arrest for that crime,
he had taken refuge for a
period in the McKenzie House.
Both Mr. Meloney and Mr. Older told of
having gone to the heme of Header and
there having seen the marriage certificate
of Mr. and Mrs. Header, with the name of
Frederick Harrinprton attached as one of
the witnesses. The testimony of Mrs.
Header developed the fact that the so
called Harrington was none other than
Lieutenant Esola, and that she had
known him by that name, as had her hus
band for a considerable period.
E. 11. Meloney, captain of the night
guard at San Quentin at the time Esola
was employed there, testified that upon
one occasion he had found it necessary to
reprimand Esola for appearing on duty
without his gun. Esola applied to him
gome epithet which Mr. Meloney
could not recall. That night Captain Me
loney reported Esola to the Warden, and
he was summarily dismissed the next
morning.
Ben Chambers, at that time Deputy
Warden of the prison, testified that he
had dbne air in his power to maintain
Esola in his position at that time, and
that he took that interest upon the re
quest of A. M. Lawrence, then a reporter
for the Examiner. He said that Just
prior to that time Mr. Lawrence had writ
ten numerous articles which were not to
the liking of the prison officials, and that
he hoped when he promised Lawrence to
befriend Esola that by doing such a fa
vor he would be able to ward off any fur
ther attack. As to the reasons for the
dismissal of Esola from San Quentin, Hr.
Chambers could say nothing: his memory
failed at that important point.
The investigation closed at midnight and
¦will be resumed this evening at S o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
21 lbs Granulated Sugar ? , f *^
Best Flour in market, per sack ......_...» .80
10 pkgs of Babbitt's Soap Powdar. 1776 .. .2S
Snlder*s Catsup, per bottla , , ?„, .29
Best French Prunes, per ll> T --, .03
Best Eastern Cornmeal. per sack ..._ .20
Finest uncolored Oolosg and Black or
Japan Teas, per 1b .-... .40
3-lb can Pork and Beans, best brand...... .10
1 can Choice Tomatoes 1, , ,',, L 1 .C 5
20 lbs good Beans ——..... .25
13 lbs of good Rice -, , rll . -? .50
10 lbs Rolled Wheat ........ JS
LIQUOR
SPECIALS.
Best O. P. 8. Whiskey. I years old. bot-
tled expressly for O'Connor Bro«.. per bot-
tle, 75c; per gallon (3.89
Best Old Crow Whiskey. 8 years old, bottled
expressly tor family use, per bottle, 75c;
per gallon 2.50
Good Old Bourbon Whiskey, ( years old,
per bottla SO
Fins 6-year-old Port or Sherry Wlna, per
gallon. SOc; per bottla J3
122-124 NINTH STREET.
TELEPHONE SOUTH «3flL
REMEMBER THE STORE.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOUCITEIX
.
GREATEST |J ||| OF
ABSOLUTE
AUCTION
TO-DAY
And Daily at 11 X. 31. and 2 P. S.
SW. Cor. Geary and Stockton,
Opposite tha City of Parts.
Genuine Antique Fine
ORIENTAL RUGS, Etc.,
THE ENTIRE STOCK
OB" THE —
TURKISH RUG GO.
BEING SOLD OUT.
This is Ruz buyers' opportunity.
Nothing will be reserved.
This is a genuine auction.
Come witness It and derive the benefit;
If so.
Come Just to See.
Extra Premiums Given Free.
Great American liportii Tea Co.
Stores ISverjro-liere.
zoo Stores*
H 1 ID-MATZOS
The San Francisco Matzo Co.. ractory and
main office at 1130 Howard »t.. telephoneSomh
467. Sampled already. Matzo*. Sc per pound-
iratzo meal, 3c per pound: mitzoa baked with
GED.H.FULLERDES%ca*
Fl& M3?ils l*-lt43> ijfX F% /I i ft/ *_—
o£z^^imbtirm,juFnuE,
FURNITURt
I" BWP**II "M3e2tr€2B-£4nfmGffiNtt
agent for the Charity Organization So
ciety of Baltimore. At the end of that
time he was called to the professorship of
political economy In his alma mater.
Leaving Nebraska in IS9I he again became
engaged in outdoor charity work as su
perintendent of charities, with headquar
ters in Washington, D. C. It was while
here that he wrote the book which made
him famous throughout the world. War
ner's "American Charities" remains to
day as the foremost authority on the
treatment of the dependent classes from
the standpoint of science. In 1893 Dr.
\\ arner was called to the professorship of
applied economics and sociology at Stan
ford University, which department he or
ganized. From that time till his failing
health' compelled him to givo up his col
lege work Dr. Warner gave his every
energy toward building up his depart
ment, which became the strongest of
those at Stanford while he remained
with it.
JUSTICE GASS DEAD.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. IS.— City Justice John
W. Gass died rather suddenly about 5
o'clock this morning at his residence. 94
South Ninth street. He had been Indis
posed for a few days, but his case was
not considered serious. Deceased was a
native of Illinois and 66 years of age.
Justice Gass. was one of the best known
men in the city and very popular, as evi
denced by his being elected to office four
successive times. He was a veteran of the
civil war. Deceased Joined the Home
Guard In Missouri In IS6I and served un
der General Lyon, and afterward In the
Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry. At the bat
tle of Sablne Hill he was wounded in the
spine, which made him a cripple for lift,
and for over thirty years he has been
obliged to go about in a wheeled chair.
TEVIS' ESTATE DISTRIBUTED.
Decedent's Widow Now in Possession
of Property Worth Millions.
Property valued at several million dol
lars, left by the late Lloyd Tevls, was
distributed to his widow, Susan G. Tevis,
by Judge Coffey yesterday. In her peti
tion for distribution Mrs. Tevis stated
that the estate was Indebted but little.
If at all, and that there remained In her
hands sufficient funds to liquidate all lia
bilities. The court, after the reading of
the petition, ordered the property, distrib-
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try It. Al! druggists. •
Seed Catalogue Free.
The Cox Seed Company of 411-413-115
Sansome street has Issued Its annual il
lustrated catalogue of seeds and plants.
Artistically and typographically it la a
perfect specimen of the printer's art. It
contains^ a complete price list of atl the
seeds and plants grown on the Pacific
Coast. The Cox Seed Company is among
the largest growers and dealers of the
best seeds and plants in the West, and
their business is rapidly Increasing, owing
to the fact that growers are giving the
preference to native grown seeds over the
Eastern product.
A copy of the new catalogue will be
mailed free to any address sent to the
company's headquarters In San Fran
clkco * * '
Some Special Features of the Boys' Picnic in Recreation Park.
MESSENGER BOYS GIVE
THEMSELVES AN OUTING
THE messenger boys of San Francisco were "It" yes
terday. They took a day off from their arduous du
ties to celebrate in their own way, untrammeled by
office rules or police Interference. In order to guard
against outsiders Intruding their unwelcome pres
ence, or a possible raid by Chief Biggy, they barred
the gates of Recreation Park, which had been hired for
the occasion, as soon as all the elect had been herded
within the inclosure and placed a 10-year-old on guard to
admit the reporters who had been favored with special
Invitations, and as usual came late. The 10-year-old did
not go to sleep on. his Job, either. "Captain" J. Felgh
erey, the "boss" of the messenger boys, was the symbol
of authority, and what he said went. It was he who ar
ranged all the contests and distributed the prizes, and It
was he who settled the question of who had won when
the duly appointed referees were In doubt.
It was 9:30 a. m. when the heavy-footed disciples of
Mercury gathered In the baseball grounds at Harrison
and Eighth streets for a field day under their own aus
pices and with only their kind for spectators. There were
about 200 present, and the wonder is that the wheels of
progress 'did not stop entirely with so many off duty.
However, with Pooh Bah Phelan holding' down the City
Hall and Mose Gunst keeping an eye on the rest of the
town the kids concluded the city would get along with
out them for a few hours. Mose was to have been there,
but missed the boat.
"Youse fellers Just wants to git onto 'yourselves, before
we starts the show a-goin'," announced "Captain" Feigh
erey as a preliminary warning Just before the sport be
gan. "Youse wants to remember dat dis ain't no riot
an' de mug dat starts trouble gits trun out, an' dat ain't
no pipe. See!"
There was no riot, but for the next four hours the
field had every appearance of being a free for all bat
tle ground. It was so In appearance only, however, for
there was not even one little scrap to mar the success
of the outing, although a war of mutilated and twisted
words raged, incessantly.
The first event was a 100-yard race for a hat, and the
winner was George Royce, who beat Jerry Lenehan, the
hitherto Invincible champion, to the wire by a nose in
11 1-16 seconds. Lenehan was greatly chagrined, but his
spirits revived when he ran away from his field in the
110-yard dash and pocketed a cash prize of J2 50. The 50
yard dash was won by Al Kidd, who thereby became en
titled to a free hair cut, shampoo and shave, all of which
his facetious friends declared he needed.
Then came the event of the day, the tug of war con
test between the "Kearny streets" and the "Market
streets." The former team was composed of the Carter
NOTABLE DEATHS
of the Day.
DEATH OF DR. WARNER.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 18.—
"Word has reached here that Dr. Amos G.
Warner, late Head of the economic depart
ment at Stanford University, died at Las
Cruces this morning. While his death was
not unexpected, the news comes as a blow
to his many friends among the faculty
and students. .
Dr. Warner's career has been a busy
and fruitful one. Graduating from the
University of Nebraska in 18S5 he pur
sued advanced work at Johns Hopkins
University, where he received the degree
of doctor of philosophy In 18S8. For the
two ensuing years he acted as general
uted. All of the property distributed was
contained in the inventory heretofore pub
lished.
Genuine Turkish and Persian Bugs.
On account of departure the entire stock of
the Turkish Rug Co. is being sold at auction
In the new building, corner Geary and Stock
ton streets. Unlike others, this sale has proved
to be a bona fide, unreserved auction. Yester
day every article put up was sold to the high
est bidder regardless of value, for which rea
son those who attended secured, to their da
light, tremendous bargains. On account of dis
solution of partnership the entire stock of this
firm will be sold out at auction, positively
without limit or reserve. The most valuable
antiques and rare specimens are being sold at
a nominal price. It Is expected that all tieir
Rugs, Carpets, Portieres. Embroideries, eta.
will be entirely sold out by next weak.
believed that the revised plan win bs a schera«
of beautiful and useful buildings constructed
in enduring material well within this standard.
As was said M. Benard la zealous and en
thusiastic- in the development of this new
scheme. He has all the data necessary for
Its execution and the general features ar»
worked out In his head. He agrees within a.
few months to deliver all necessary drawings.
Including a general plan and a perspective, to
the trustees, who will then present co th»
Board of Regents a definitive and realizable
Phebe A. Hearst architectural plan for th»
University of California. Upon Its acceptance
by the board detailed plans and specifications
for one or more buildings will be m&dd and
before the year is out ground will b« broken
on the university campus for th« erection of
the structures.
At the expiration of the war he went to
Tompkins County, New York, where he
served many years as Justice of the
t'eace and Loans Commissioner. In 18S9
he came to San Jose, and the following
year was appointed Justice of the Peace.
fclnce then he has been continuously re
elected to the office.
Justice Gass took a great interest in the
Grand Army of the Republic, and attend
ed the last encampment at St. Louis. A
widow and daughter, Miss Ara Gass, sur
vive him.
PERRY M'DONOUGH COLLINS
CALLED TO HIS LAST REST
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— Perry Mc-
Donough Collins died to-day in this city,
aged S7 years. ,He was a "forty-niner"
and spent many years In California, and
while living there was a member of the
firm of Collins & Dent, dealers in gold
dust and general bankers. Mr. Dent of
this firm was the father-in-law of Gen
eral Grant.
Thomas McDowell dead.
Was First Mayor of Sacramento and
Father of the Actor McDowell.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— Thomas Mc-
Dowell of South River, N. J., who was
the first Mayor of Sacramento, Cal., died
to-day, aged 83 years. Melbourne Mc-
Dowell, the actor, is his son.
Died in His Buggy.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 18.— Walter Bull,
a pioneer of this county, was found dead
In his buggy on Union avenue this after
noon. Death resulted' from fatty degen
eration of the heart.
BENARD WILL REVISE
HIS UNIVERSITY PLANS
General Lines of the Ideal
Scheme to Be Preserved.
Modification of the Original Design to Be
Made in the Size and Location of '
the Projected Buildings.
MONSIEUR E. BENARD will com
pletely revise hi 3 plans for the
University of California build-
Ings on the basis of practica
bility. The revision will in no
degree . Impair the general " architectural
beauty of the design submitted by him
to the Phebe Hearst competition, in which
he was awarded first prize, but will afford
greater utility than would be possible
were the original design carried out in
Its entirety. Professor .William Carey
Jones, one of the Hearst trustees for the
development of the State University, has
prepared the following statement of the
status of the plans:
University of California,
January IS. Ijoo.
Architect Eenard la now on his way to Parts.
full of enthusiasm in the work of revising his
designs lor the Phebe A. Hearst architectural
plan. The purpose of his visit to California
was entirely completed before his departure.
After the award of the jurors. M. Benard was
invited by Mrs. Hearst and tho trustees of fhe
architectural plan to coma to California to
confer with them and consider the modifica
tions necessary tn his designs. Now, having
gotten together all the necessary data and au
thentlo Information, ha has returned to Paris,
there to elaborate his plan. He felt that ho
could do his work to much better advantage
In his own atelier and with his own trained
draughtsmen than In California, where he
would be subject to many distractions.
It Is well that the public should know exact
ly what la being done and what Is contem
plated. In the international competition, closed
by the award last September, absolute free
dom from all restrictions as to cost was given
to the architects. They were likewise given
large latitude to exceed the space limits of the
university grounds. They were not required
to regard the existing buildings. I The success
which attended the competition must. In great
measure, be attributed to this liberty of treat
ment allowed the architects.
Bu now, after this try-out, a different con
dition of things presents Itself. It is no longer
an ideal problem. It is now a practical prob
lem. M. Benard quickly comprehended this,
and says that he will give us a practicable plan
as perfect and beautiful as is his Ideal one.
In fact, he says that we shall be even better
pleased with the results of his new work than
we were with his former.
The great general lines of Benard's scheme
will be preserved. The axis will remain the
same, the broad avenues, the spacious squares,
the generous flexible features of the prize plan,
will be found in the new. The dimensions of
the buildings and of groups of buildings will be
reduced to proper proportions. Buildings which
are not needed In the near future will be
omitted from the plan. For instance, only
one auditorium will be provided. This will
have a maximum seating capacity of 3500. It
will be so arranged that portions can be shut
off, and the seating: accommodation win come
down to 2000 or 1500.
The groupings of the buildings will be re
arranged. All of the structures appearing on
the hill-slope In the prize plan will be placed
In other positions. The astronomical observa
tory alone will be left to crown the summit
of the 900-foot hill. Circling the base of this
hill, space will be left for dormitories and
other dwellings. There will be two main
groups of buildings: one group for natural and
applied science, and the other for the literary
and philosophical studies.
The science group will comprise agriculture,
botany, zoology, geology and mineralogy and
mining as the main elements. In the center
of this group will be the museum for natural
history. Close by the college of mining will
be the college of mechanics and electricity,
and convenient to them both the buildings for
civil engineering, mathematics and drawing.
The buildings for physics and chemistry will
have places apart from this group.
The heads or representatives of all the de
partments at Berkeley conferred with M. Be
nard and gave him specifications of the needs
of their several departments. All the data
thus gathered were gone over in several con
ferences, which Included Mrs. Hearst, Presi
dent Wheeler, Regent Relnstetn. Professors
Jones and Maybeck and M. Benard. As a re
sult a definitive programme was agreed upon
for the elaboration of a plan by M. Benard.
The present limits of the university grounds
will not be greatly If at all exceeded by the
revised plan. The cost of the completed scheme
of buildings will not be excessive, will not be
more than will commend Itself to the Judg
ment of the people of California. The trustees
of the architectural plan have held as their
extreme standard of cost that buildings should
not represent In »nterest a figure that exceeded
the income for educational purposes. It Is
PARK POLICEMAN
CLEVERLY STOPS
RUNAWAY TEAM
Averts a Serious
Accident.
Pars; Policeman J. H. Kavanagh distin
guished himself yesterday afternoon In
Golden Gate Park by a very clever Jis
play of nerve and good horsemanship In
stopping a runaway team of horses, pre
venting what certainly would have been
a serious accident.
Arthur Rodgers, senior member of the
law firm of Kodgers, Paterson & Slack,
accompanied by nis wife and daughter,
was enjoying a ride through the park
late yesterday afternon In what Is known
as a double coupe, drawn by two heavy
carriage horses driven by a coachman.
On the main drive Just opposite Straw
berry Hill the horses became unmanage
able and started on a run. The coachman
lost control and was unable to chec-K
them. Being hitched short and close to
the coupe, at every step the animals were
struck by the whlffletrees. This added
to their fright and Increased their head
long speed.
The team had torn along the drive for
about half a mile when Officer Kavanagn
noticed its approach. Starting his horse
In the direction the runaways were head
ing, he got in ahead of them and regu
lated his speed to allow them to catch up.
When the team was almost upon him the
policeman grasped the bridle of the near
horse and tried to check the speed of the
runaways, but on account of the closeness
of the coupe the slightest swerve brought
the animals' legs against the vehicle.
For nearly a mile Kavanagh held on to
the bridle and kept the team on the main
drive, gradually slackening the gait of
the runaways until the speed track was
reached, when, by an adroit move, he
turned the horses Into that drive and soon
had them under control.
During the entire Incident the fright
ened occupants of the coupe cried lustily
to the coachman, though they made no
effort to jump out. Those who witnessed
the clever capture of the runaway team
¦were loud In their praise of the officer's
brave act, and declared It to be a display
of cool judgment and great horsemanship
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 19,-1900.
HIGHBINDER PLOT TO
BLOW UP A BUILDING
Startling Discovery Made by the
Police Authorities.
Acting Chief Biggy and Consul General
Ho Vow Arrange With Merchants
for Cessation of Hostilities.
TERROR in the Chinese quarter over
the treacherous highbinder war has
not abated. The direful conse
quer.ces which may fellow were re
vealed last night to the police by the dis
covery that not only guns will be used
as the instruments with which human
lives are to be taken, but that the force
of dynamite may be felt that the lawless
highbinders may settle their difficulties
with blood.
Last night the police uncovered a plot
to destroy a large three-story building at
711 Commercial street, near Kearny. The
yarning letter which foretold the possi
ble tragedy is now in the possession of
the officers, and patrols have been placed
en the premises that the plotters n.av
have no opportunity of carrying their
plans into execution.
The occupant of the premises against
•whom the plotters have their grievance is
Jue Hun, a wealthy merchant and con
tractor for the Alaska Commercial Com
pany. Why any attempt should be made
to destroy his life and property Jue Bun
is unable at present to state, but he te
lieves that he has been selected as a vic
tim by one of the tongs now at war.
Theletter revealing the plot was placed
in possession of the police In Chinatown
last night. It was found secreted in the
letter box of The occupants of the third
etory of the house. It told of the plan
to destroy the building in which Jue I3un
lived, and warned other residents of the
place to vacate with all possible speed.
A clause was also inserted cautioning the
people who received the communication to
remain silent or their lives would be for
feited. The epistle was evidently intended
to be read by Jue Lee. another merchant,
and Lee Gum Quor.p. as their names were
mentioned. In substance it read:
All people on the top floor of this building
must vacate. Jue Lee and Lee Gum Quor.K
move quickly. The building; will be destroyed.
It may be to-nlpht. It may be this week and it
may be next week. I cannot say when. Jue
!¦.:-. will die. Powder may be UFed and per
haps fire. Say nothing of this warning or you
may die, but heed It Quickly.
Jue Bun lives in the second story of
the building. The lower floor is occupied
by another merchant. When he received
the message he at once gave it to the
police, who consider it a very serious
matter. A detail of officers was dispatched
Immediately to guard the place. The
Chinamen who were warned left the place
and could not.be seen last night.
Bun if a member of the Kong Chow
Tonp. He disclaim? any membership In
the warring tongs, but says that he is In
directly connected with them. As con
tractor for the Alaska Commercial Com
pany he employs more than $00 men, most
of whom are Suey Sings. The Hop Sing
Tong has evinced no determination to
cease hostilities until they have revenge
on the Suey Sings. Jue Bun's businesa
relations with members of the rival tons:
is the theory accepted by the police.
Jealousy is given as another motive, but
the scheme could only be carried out on
the part of a large body of men and the
whole affair is laid at the door of -he
tongs.
Acting Chief of Police Biggy met last
night forty loading merchants of China
town through an arrangement made by
Consul General Ho Vow, who is exerting
his influence to make peace among his
countrymen. Before the Chief would con
pent to the meeting he was assured that
certain demands he had made would be
respected. As a result the hearty co
operation of the Six Companies and the
Merchants' Association was promised.
Whether the influence of the merchants
or their offers of rewards will check fu
ture murders is yet a conjecture, but it
is the general opinion that it will not.
The most important concession made to
acting Chief Biggy was the promise of the
merchants that they would surrender to
the police the presidents and secretaries
of the warring tongs. That this may be
accomplished a reward of $"00 was offered
for each president and another of $200 for
each secretary. The compact also includ
ed the surrender of the highbinders who
have been committing crime, with evi
dence sufficient to convict. For this pur
pose the Chinese merchants have posted
the following rewards: 5600 for the arrest
and conviction of a murderer, $100 for the
arrest and conviction of any person at
tempting murder and $10 for the arrest
and conviction of any Chinaman carrying
concealed weapons. Half the above re
wards will be paid upon the apprehension
of any of the criminals and the other half
upon "their conviction.
Acting Chief Biggy also demanded that
the tong system be abolished In China
town, and that the books of such organi
zations be turned over to him. The first
demand, he was informed, was impossible,
as tongs would exist as long as two
Chinamen lived together. The second, he
was also told, was hard to accomplish,
because the tong leaders, hearing that a
requisition had been made for their rec
ords, could easily destroy them.
A fund of $17,500 exists for the pay
ment of rewards for the apprehension of
criminals. This money, the merchants
claim, will be spent freely and without
reservation. A private detective system
will be inaugurated and a special fund has
been reserved for it. Should any secret
agent of the merchants or police be
wounded in an effort to secure evidence
against the highbinders, he will secure a
liberal pension, the amount of which re
mains yet to be fixed. Should he be
killed, his family will receive $600 In
cash.
Last night Captain "Wittman visited
Chinatown in search of Chinamen with
out the certificates required by the immi
, gration laws.
12