SENATE VOTE.
BARD, 26.
PHELAN, 10.
Every Republican member
voted for Bard.
Of the Democrats, Ashe,
Chapman and Feeney re
fused to vote for Phelan, and
did not answer when their
names were called.
vantage except those which resulted from his
natural capacity and energy, Mr. Bard has ac
cumulated large wealth, by the development of
natural resources, through his executive abil
ity, untiring industry and sound business Judg
ment.
He has developed. In Ventura, and Is now
interested In Los Angeles, In a large oil pro
duction, controlled by the Union Oil Company
he Is the president and director of banking In
stitutions in Ventura and Los Angeles, and
conducts a large, warehouse and shipping busi
ness, as well as immense farming and agri
cultural Interests.
. He was baptized in the Republican party in
those years of the war of the rebellion in a
place and at a time when every man pro
fessing Republicanism required tlie courage, of
his convections. Since his residence In this
State he has been prominently identified with
that party in his own locality, and' has -re
ceived recognition from the party of the State,
being twice chosen Vs a delegate to the Na
tional Convention, and as ' an elector in the'
campaign of 1592 he had the distinguished
honor cf being the only Republican elector on
his ticket to enter the electoral college of
this State. -
He has ever been forward In contributing
his means and counsel to the success of his
party In every campaign.
While these characteristics have made up his
public career, his private character Is the sub
ject which those who know, him best must
ever most .sincerely admire.
His character for probity and honorable dig
nity compel the heartiest admiration of all
who know him best. The loyalty of his friend
ship, and the true nobility, of his alms, dis
tinguish him among his fellow men. Pos
sessed of stronsr convictions and sound Judg
ment, he has always displayed a. fearless and
intelligent Judgment on all public questions.
In every struggle with oppression or injus
tice he will be found on the side of the right.
Fearless In the performance of duty, he Is
a true friend of the people. Of a retiring dis
position, and averse to display, his charities
¦and benevolence are never ostentatiously dis
closed, but his friends and admirers are well
nigh co-extensive with the acquaintances with
whom he has come In contact.
He is every Inch a Senator. And when he
represents this golden empire In that exalted
body. which has been called "An Assembly
of Kings," at -the capital of our nation every
true Callfornlan will have reason to be proud
of the selection this day made by the Republi
can party of this State. .He will exemplify the
words of that wisest- of men: "Seest thou
a man diligent In his business? he shall stand
before kings; he shall not stand before mean
men." \ . '¦
Southern California, the land of the orange
and the vine, plights. her troth in a cup of her
talrest «.unllght, and pledges to the mountains
of the north and the. bay and valleys of the
center that our . State shall never have cause
to resret that on this day you have chosen to
represent her In the United States Senate the
Hon. Thomas B. Bard of Ventura,
BARD WARMLY PRAISED
BY SENATOR DAVIS
Followlng. the remarks of Mr. Boyce,
Senator Davis paid a tribute to the worth
and integrity of Mr.' Bard. , He said:.
Senators: To-day .we send a message to the
commonwealth that the Republican party is
united. That is to be the keynote of our action
to-day. Feuds and dissensions had rent and
torn it asunder, crimination and recrimination
had depressed the hopes of Its friends <• and
aroused the enthusiasm of its enemies. Al-
ASSEMBLY VOTE.
BARD, 60.
PHELAN, 20.
STEPHEN M. WHITE, 1.
. Henry (R.) voted for
George A. Knight, but*
changed hi* vote to Hard.
. .Assemblyman Oronlj- (D.) ¦.
"refused to vote for Phelan '
• and voted for. 'White.
satisfaction at , the. selection made by the
Republican "members of the Legislature.
The remarks of Senator Wolfe, who had
been a consistent supporter of Colonel
Burns, were received with great enthus
iasm. He said ¦ that as a representative
from the metropolis of the State ho took
pleasure In' Indorsing all expressions of
praise that had been bestowed Dpon the
name of Thomas R. Bard.'
"It is true," he said, "that from the begin
ning of the Senatorial contest I championed
the cause of a friend who is Just as dear to
me now as he was when he was a candidate,
for the Senatorshlp. But the battle is over
and from to-day Thomas Tt. Hard is my candi
date just as he is yours. I believe that he will
fittingly and honorably represent California in
the halls "of Congress at Washington and will
stand shoulder to. shoulder with tht> good Re
publicans who are upholding • the hands of
President WllliamMcKlnley."' -V*
California from on* extreme to the other: a
map whose interests have been Identified with
the rising interests and progress of the Stats
of California for the last twenty or twenty
flve years; a man who enjoys the full respect,
confidence and esteem of all those who hay*
the good fortune to be acquainted with him,
and I say to you. gentlemen, that if you to
day shall honor the Hon. Thomas R. Bard
with your selection as the successor of tha
Hon. Stephen M. White, this great State of
California, magnificent as she is in her civiliza
tion and process, great as she is in reference
to . her resources and as the coming empire
of the West, will honor herself by honoring
him with th*i3 . distinguished position. Mr.
Speaker. It gives me pleasure to nominate too
Hon. Thomas R. Bard.
m
SECONDING SPEECH BY
ASSEMBLYMAN COBB
Assemblyman VT. H. Cobb of San Fran
cisco was at once recognized by the chair
and followed Valentine In an eloquent sec
onding speech. He spoke as the repre
sentative of those who had so long stood
by Colonel Burns, and his peroration wort
him round after round of applause. Mr.
Cobb had to say:
Many grave measures are pressing forward
for Congressional consideration at this time.
The reciprocity treaties with foreign countries,
the Storage of fiood waters, tha irrigation and
reclamation of desert lands, the Pacific cable,
the Nicaragua canal and the Philippine Islands
all require earnest attention at once. Never
before have so many great questions of vital
Interest to the Pacific Coast arisen at the same
time, and California is more espec^Uly Inter
ested fti all these issues than any other State.
Our commercial and Industrial interests are
rapidly forcing us into broader fields of activity
and we cannot afford to sit supinely by and
see the rich treasures of trade and commerce
slip from our grasp If proper legislation can
secure them to us forever. Our enemies ar»
aSake to the opportunity and will checkmate
us If they can. Public as well as party In
terest now demand that our personal prefer
ences give way to the voice of the majority
that a Senator may be elected without delay.
We have ¦ therefore assembled to complete tha
work we let t undone at our regular session
and to elect a United State* Senator. The
iinportar.ee of his dalle* requires that he bo
a man of distinguished ability. He need not
necessarily be an orator, but he must be a
thinker, able to think with the shrewdest men
of the nation. Incompetency would be as
dangerous as the basest treachery. Better a
vacant chair than to fill it with either a
blunderer or a traitor. He must be upright
and honorable, of known fidelity to the State
and nation, and must possess the win power
and energy of Hercules to accomplish the
work exoected of him at this time. The time
has come lor us to unite and place the toga
upon the shoulders of an. honest, abie. ener
getic and courageous man! who will make an
aggressive fight on behalf of the interests
peculiar to this coast and assist us to win a>
victory in our struggle for commercial and in
dustrial supremacy.
The gentleman whose name has Just been
placed before you possesses every requisite of
this important office to a marked degree. - It*
needs no one to vouch for him. His character
Is plainly written in. his face. Culture and re
finement fit him like a garment. While ne has
all the advantages which education and stud?
can give, his steady eye shows a wisdom
broader and deeper than the learning taught
In schools and marks him as a man eminently
fitted and qualified to fill this resQonsible po
sition with credit to himself end honor to th»
State and nation. And his selection at thla
time is peculiarly appropriate. In the bitter
party strife Just ended no wound Is attributable
to his hand. Time with its soothing touch Is
not needed to smooth down feelings ruffled by
his success. The State and party will welcome
his election with unanimous approval. All ¦of
us can unite In his support without disloyalty
to our particular candidate. I still assert my
confidence in the character, ability. Integrity
and fitness of Colonel Burns for the office you
have denied him. but on behalf of his friends I
am authorised to say ttat we accept Mr. Bard
as the most satisfactory substitute you could
have chosen for us. While he la your candi
date he will be our Senator.
California Is in its infancy. Its resources ars>
undeveloped and unknown. Its marvelous in
crease In public and private wealth in tha
past sinks into insignificance before the start
ling possibilities of the future. Nature has
scattered her treasures with a lavish hars.t
along the shores of the mighty Pacific, and w<»
have faith to believe that our hardy pioneers
planted here the seeds of & mlgthy empire,
which in the fullness of, time will develop a
grander ctvllliatlon than any the world has
e\er known. The man with the hoe. the man
with the pen and the man with the sword have
already started the wheels of progress turning,
and whether the future shall bring new bless
ings to our State or shall scatter the treasures
gathered with so much toll and suffering de
pends upon the men who snap* oar future in
dustrial, educational and political policies.
i Mr Speaker, and members of the Assembly,
with a full appreciation of th# duties and re
sponsibilities of the office and with full con
fidence In the character and ability of the man.
I take pleasure in seconding the. nomination
as a candidate for United States Senator th*
Hon. Thomas K. Bard.
Assemblyman Works of San Diego
claimed the floor next and spoke well and
emphatically for the ex-Grant faction.
"TVe failed to elect a Senator at the last ses
sion " said he "and since that time the upper
most question has been how to retrieve that
error The people have wanted a Senator. th«
administration has demanded one. and now w»
are come here to choose one. So lon* as h«
was in the flsht I. like many others, stayed
with one candidate, but knowing now that h»
cannot be elected, we bow to th» will of th»
majority and speaking for my candidate I now
say it Is my pleasure to second the nomination
of the Hon. Thomas It. Bard."
SPEECH BY BELSHAW
WINS HIM APPLAUSE
Belshaw of Martn followed Mr. Lardner
In - another seconding speech, which
brought htm much applause. He spoke as (
follows:
Mr. Speaker: It to with gr»at pleasure . that
I rise to second the nomination of Thomas U.
The people of the State of California are to
be congratulated on the happy termination oi
the Senatorial question. After a spirited con
test which continued through the last session
of this Legislature we have been convened,
in extra session and are about to fulfill our
duty to the people of this State as well *a
to the people or the United States. When tha
ballot shall be taken to-day the result wiU
show that we have accomplished the primary
object for which we were called together.
In the selection of Mr. Bard we shall choosw
a man whose honesty, integrity and ability
assure us a most competent representation la
the national Congress. While Mr. Bard is a
resident of the southern portion of our State
nevertheless he will be as much the Senator
for the north as for the south, and I feel
assured that he will not be influenced by any
sectional feeling, but will take It upon him
self to look after the interests of California:
therefore I esteem it an honored privilege to
second the nomination of Thomas R. Card.
Assemblyman Clough backed Lardner
with a characteristic talk for Barnes. Ho
said that he had voted all along for the
best man. and bowing to the will of the
majority he was prepared to vot« now
Legislative Halls Ring With
Eloquent Speeches by
Senators and Assembly
men Who Pay Glowing
Tributes to the Venturan.
.f^MJL HEADQUARTERS,
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.
The election of Thomas R. Bard
as United States Senator was offi
cially declared in both houses
of the Legislature to-day. To
morrow in joinr convention to
day's proceedings will be read
and approved. After the ap
proval and official announcement
of the result Thomas Robert
Bard will briefly address the con
vention.
Mr. Bard will leave here with
Senator Bulla to-morrow after
noon, via Tracy, for the south.
He will be received in Los An
geles Thursday evening. He will
leave that city for the north Fri
day evening on the "owl" and ar
rive in San Francisco Saturday
• .¦¦ ¦
morning.
The members of the Solano
delegation have requested him to
visit the navy yard at Mare
Island. He will be invited by the
San Francisco delegation to visit
the Presidio reservation and in
spect the .frrtifi cations it Lime
Point and Fort Point. The par
lors and corridors of the Golden
Eagle Hotel were thronged to
night with ladies and gentlemen
assembled to honor the new Sen
ator.
The transformation scene is
especially delightful to those who
have seen a motley crowd of pol
iticians loitering and spying
around for Senatorial develop
ments.
Colonel George H. Pippy and
Joseph S. Spear, Surveyor of the
Port of San Francisco, arrived
to-night and in behalf of the
Union League Club tendered to
Senator Bard an invitation to at
tend a reception in his honor.
The Senator accepted for Sat
urday night next. To-mor
row at noon Senator Flint will
extend an invitation in joint con
vention for both houses of the
Legislature to attend the recep
tion on that evening.
An undertone of comment is
caused to-night by the absence
of Governor Gage from Senator
Bard's reception. State officers,
members of the Legislature and
leading citizens generally attend
ed. Adjutant General Seamans
was among" the attendants, but
he did not express to the Senator
regrets for the Governor's in
ability to be present.
The Union League committee
invited Gage to the Saturday
night reception to Senator Bard
in San Francisco, but the Gover
nor did not signify his accept
ance.
IN THE SENATE
Sr*eja.l Diepatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 6.— The occasion which
marks the beginning of the end of the
Senatorial contest was enacted in the Sen
ate to-day when Thomas R. Bard was
formally placed In nomination for the
high office of United States Senator and
received the unanimous vote of the Re
publican members of the upper house of
the Legislature.
Unusual enthusiasm characterized the
event, and a cheerful unanimity of pur
pose which bodes good for the future of
the Republican party was plainly mani
fest.
The gentlemen who placed Mr. Bard in
nomination made plain the Impression
that their words of praise and commen
dation cane from the heart. There was a
refreshing " lack, of artificial sentiment
manufactured for the occasion. Every
speaker meant what he said and took
PHELAN NOMINATED
BY SENATOR SIMS
" James D. Phelan was placed in nomina
tion by . Senator Sims, with Senator Doty
as second." ..-,.- . . '
The rollcall resulted in 26 votes for Bard
and 10 for Phelan. '
.Three • of .the , Democratic Senators—
Ashe, .Chapman and j Feeney— refused to
vote. . ¦"¦.-*¦:,:-
When : Lieutenant Governor Neff an
nounced ! the result and declared Mr.
Bard the choice of the Senate for the
office of United States Senator there was
a scene of enthusiasm the equal of which
Is . seldom - witnessed |In legislative halls.
The ladles who filled the galleries waved
their " handkerchiefs and clapped their
hands, while the crowd that had assem
bled on the floor Joined in the demonstra
tion.
The. Senate and Assembly will meet In
Joint session at noon to-morrow to ratify
their work of to-day.
IN THE ASSEMBLY
Special ¦ Dispatch to The Call.
CALL : HEADQUARTERS.. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 6.— lf it had, been left to the
Assembly* this noon. Thomas R. Bard
would have, been the. Senator; with no
votes against him save those of the Demo
crats. /Assemblyman Henry named George
A: Knight- when his name came along in
the rbllcall. but before the result .was an
nounced, changed ,to the popular. ¦: candi
date, making 69 votes' for Bard.
.' Although ¦ the lobby," and * galleries . were
crowded ; and nearly all , of the « members
had , friends : on* the floori there .was HtUe
ready it had begun to be whispered abroad
that there was not enough patriotism in the
party to meet the crisis and so to meet it that
we would all be together In the end. And yet,
despite the detraction of Its motives, despite
the misrepresentations of Its acts, despite the
fact that the organs of the opposition* had
levied notlre on the State that this extra ses
sion would be a saturnalia of fraud and cor
ruption, out of the storm and stress of con
tending political ambitions the Republican
forces have concentrated on a man whose can
didacy is Ideal, whose private and public life
have been upon a plane so high that ••scandal
standing on tlctoe cannot reach the soles of
his shoes."
We called this extra session called together
with general public . misgivings. • We read the
history of former extra, sessions and found no
comfort In their, story. . When the session was
once called,' however, we hesitated no longer.
Men must dare to achieve results.
The mind that ever fears to err.
And yet Is never nobly right, .
It never leaps to grand results.
But in some corner out of sight
Detects a spot of hidden blight, •
And o'er the imDatient Infinite- •.'.:;
1 Still haggles, bargains and , consults.
The Legislature became more and. more in
spired with a profound conviction 'that it had
a 'trust to perform— that California must have
at Washington the constitutional representation
to which she Is entitled.- and that the faithful
performance of that trust was superior to any
candidate and to all candidates. • For the first
time In the hlfctory of the' State we have seen
the office seek the man— an unparalleled lesson
In clean politics that' has brought us all closer
together and closer to the people of California.
We have seen the candidates themselves catch
something ol the spirit of the- Legislature.
We have seen Irving M. Scott tell his l friends
not to consider his personality, or candidacy a»
against the supreme Interests of the Republican
party we have seen U. S. .Grant instruct his
close friends not to let hl» name stand in the
way of united and rapid action; we have wen
D. M. Burns tell his loyal supporters not to ob
struct the will of .the. majority; we have seen
members of this Senate put their ambitions be
neath their feet and all unite in such action
as will give 20,000 : additional votes : to the Re
publican ticket In the coming campaign. • .
•In tho spirit of absolute ¦ independence that
has characterized the action of this Legislature
thus far, in the renewed • sense of .patriotism
that inspires its members. In the spirit of har
mony that will heal all heartburnings, . let u«
proceed to nominate ' a Senator— one In - touch
with our people and .their institutions, one
alive to the best interests of Callfornlans, ' one
that in all essentials will uphold the hands of
the greatest President cave Lincoln this nation
has ever seen. . ' : ' • • •" i
Knowing his ability and his patriotism, • be
lieving in him as a Callfornian and' aa- a Re
publican, relying upon his 1 character as a man,
I second the nomination for United States Sen
ator of Thomas , R, , Bard. ,-. . ; , -W> - -^ :
SUPPORTERS OF BURNS
JOIN IN THE PRAISES
Senators Wolfe, : Gillette, Bulla and Short
ridge also expressed '•' their - pleasure ; and
of incident. The nomination and second-
Ing speeches were all that there was of
interest, but they were Interesting enough
to hold the crowd until the ballot had
been cast and the result announced.
Just before noon Johnson of Sacra
mento moved that a recess be taken until
1 minute of- 12 o'clock. It was ordered,
and Dibble took advantage of the oppor
tunity to prepare the resolution necessary
to open the proceedings. It read as fol
lows:
Whereas, - The term of the. Hon. Stephen M.
White. United States Senator in Congress from
the State of California, elected on the ISth day
of January, A. D. 1893. for the full term of six
years from the 4th day of March. A. D. 1893.
did expire on the 4th day of March. A. D. 1533;
and •' - - ¦. -i, ,".-¦
Whereas. His successor, whose term did com
mence .on the said 4th day of March. A. D.
1599." must now be chosen, therefore, be It
- Resolved. That the Assembly do now proceed
to name, by viva voce vote, a person for Sen
ator In Congress- from the State of California
for the term of six years commencing March
4, JS'j?. pursuant to an act of Congress, entitled
"An act to regulate the time and manner of
holding elections of Senators in Congress,"
approved July 23, A. D. 1866. and pursuant to
the provisions of sections 14 and IS of the Re
vised Statutes.
The resolution was adopted, and then
followed the nominating speeches. Every
camp that pitched its tents In the capital
during the late fight • was represented.
Valentine, for the southern delegation,
placed Thomas R. Bard In nomination.
W-i E. Cobb and Grove Johnson seconded
for the Burns camp. Works of San Diego
announced the good will of Grant. Dunlap
of Stockton spoke for Scott; Belshaw,
Clough and Lardner for Barnes. Mellck
represented the Bulla forces, and after
every one else had had a say Pierce of
Yolo closed for Burns in an eloquent
eulogy of the ex-candidate and a graceful
tribute to Bard.
• --¦» ' r V» ' •
VALENTINE ELOQUENTLY
NOMINATES BARD
Valentine, in placing the Venturan in
nomination, said:
Mr. Speaker arid gentlemen of the Assembly:
During the whole of the last session of the
Legislature several distinguished gentlemen.
citizens of the State of California, were sup
ported loyally throughout the whole session by
their supporters In Joint convention, voting for
them as candidates for the United States Sen
ate. That they were entitled to the confidence
not only of their supporters, but of the people
of the State of California is manifest,
and it -Is fortunate for this great nation of
ours, magnificent as she is with all her 're
sources, to have so many who can so well
and ably represent her in the higher branch
of the legislative halls in Washington. The
Governor of the State, seeing the necessity
of full representation in. the Congressional
halls, has placed as foremost in his proclama
tion calling us together In this extraordinary
session the election of a United States Senator,
and I think none of you will deny that that
Is the question paramount in the State of Cali
fornia to-day.
Situated on this western coast of the coun
try we will be first to receive the advantage
of the . Oriental trade, where we .will be the
first "to receive the advantage of the expansion
taking in. thus, as we hare the Islands of
the Orient ar.d over which Old Glory will
wave forever, taking in as we have the islands
midway In the Pacific— the Hawaiian Islands
all of these benefits will first come to the
door of California. We will first receive the
advantage of these acquisitions, and it Is
proper and right that we should have full
representation In both branches of Congress
so that California may derive the full benefit
of these advantages.
When we come to. the question of who shall
be the Senator to represent us and act as
the colleague of the Hon. George C. Perkins
we have been deliberating over that question
for some time. We have a man. coming not
particularly from the south, not from the
north, not from the east or the west, but from
the whole State of California; one who Is
broad ' enough, who Is great enough In every
capacity to -fully, represent the great State of
pleasure in saying It. Special stress was
made of the fact that Mr. Bard's selec
tion was a case of the office seeking the
man. Attention was also called to the
action of leading Republican candidates
for the office who had cast aside their
personal ambitions In order that the fu
ture of their party in California wquld
not be Jeopardized.
In marked contrast to the enthusiasm
that greeted the name of Thomas R. Bard
was the gloom that spread over the Sen
ate like a pall when the minority pre
sented James D. Phelan as its candidate.
No applause followed his nomination: and
when the roll was called several of the
Democrats refused to vote.
SENATOR ROWELL PLACES
BARD IN NOMINATION
Mr. Bard was placed In nomination by
Senator Rowell, whose address, while
brief, awakened all of the pent-up enthu
siasm of the supporters of the gentleman
from the south, and at the close they
burst forth In round after round of cheer-
Ing. The Senator said:
Mr. President: A little more than one year
ago I had the pleasure of presenting to this
body for its Senatorial suffrage the name of
Thorns s R. Bard. To-day it gives me double
pleasure to again present the same name for
a like suffrage. Then it was the personal ex
pression of long friendship and exalted ad
miration for the man. now It is an expression
of the spontaneous sentiment of this body and
with the spontaneous and hearty approval of
the people of the State of California.
At least for once In ths history of our politics
a great and generally coveted position has
sought the man and not the man the position.
Mr. President, there is little that need be said
in behalf of the man whose name I rtTtr. If
mature years, a high order of Intelligence, a
life's honorable record, a comprehensive knowl
edge of men "and affairs and a thcrougn ap
preciation of and faith In those principles of
government which we believe have been con
ducive to the welfare of our country are •rual
lflrations then this body has found the man
for United States Senator. But, Mr. Presi
dent, there is more in this election of a Sena
tor than merely the selection of a well qual
ified public servant or the expression of ad
miration for or good will toward an honorable
citizen. The electwn of Thomas R. Bard will
mean an emphatic expression of a r»pidly
growing sentiment throughout our land that
politics In this country, must and shall l>e con
ducted on higher planes. I bespeak for Mr.
Bard, if elected, an honorable standing among
the Senators of the nation, and 1 promise fcr
him that he. will represent California and all
her interests at the national capital with
credit to himself and to the honor and to the
benefit of the State.
NOMINATION SECONDED
BY SENATOR BOYCE
The honor of seconding the nomination
fell to Senator .Boyce of Ventura, who Is
a lifelong friend of the new Senator. Mr.
Boyce was extremely earnest In all he
said, and his remarks were listened to
with the most profound interest. His
speech follows:
Fellow- Senators: Representing, as I do. In
this body, '-he county of Ventura, I feel that
there Is imposed upon me a momentous duty
as well as a grateful pleasure.* In rendering
tribute to an esteemed friend. Having enjoyed
the personal friendship of the distinguished
gentleman who has been placed In nomination
for the exalted office of United States Sena
tor for more than a score of yenrs, I am
glad to have the opportunity to raise my voice
a« a witness to his worth,» and In the name
of Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, where
his name is a household word. I rise to second
the nomination of the Hon. Thomas R. Bard.
Mr Bard was born In Chambersburg. Frank
lin 'county Pennsylvania, in the month of De
cember IS4L He is descended from that sturdy
and virile race which has furnished to thl«
country some of her noblest sons; a race which
mingles in its current the blood of. two of
the people* which have given energy and force
to the British empire— the Scotch-Irish; the
stock from which springs our noble ¦President,
William McKinlcy. ....... l .^-.
Without *ny Inherited fortune, or other ad-
Kindliest Feeling Prevails,
the Followers of Burns
Joining With the Others
in Honoring the Suc
cessful Candidate.
VOLUME LXXXVTI— NO. 69.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THOMAS ROBERT BARD ELECTED TO REPRESENT
CALIFORNIA IN THE UNITED STATES SENATE
The San Francisco Call
Continued on Second Face.GOODS!
Tour attention. ls called to the prices named
below, which you will nnd greatly to th« buy-
er's Interest. The store Is open every day from
7 a. to. to 6 p. m.. Increased -help to-day to
avoid delay. Free delivery In the city and
across the bay.' Dealers' orders solicited. Sup-
ply your wants while you have the chance.
FIRST FLOOR.
SOO half-pound 10-cent •'Fidelity" Blue..* .06
1500 lbs.lo-eent high grade Prunes.., .07%
100 cases "Maine" Sweet Corn 08
600 lbs. 10-cent .Fresno Figs. ?. M
20 dozen Polished Tumblers .20
600 Fancy.Dishes, French Mustard. ..3 for ,10
400 cakes Dandy . Soap T. ' .02 "
5000 cakes Laundry Soap ; ,; ?. .0214
1000 packages Crown Flakes Mu5h......... .02^
Also fresh ranch eggs, fresh ranch butter.
50 kinds of soap, 10 kinds of syrup. 20 kinds
of breakfatt mushes. Everything forevery T
body on a basis favoring' the buyer. '
SECOND FLOOR.
1000 "Overlands," back numbers .'..J .01
600 pairs Ladles' Black H05e.......:..*.... .08
100 lbs. Best Saxony Yarn, per, hank .OS
2000 yards Calicos; fast c010r5....'...; - :»•'
1000 Yards 20-cent Sateen, dark.;..: 0€ .
THIRD FLOOR.
100 Boys'. Suits,- $3 SO value.... ...100 ,
200 pairs Overalls, little boys',- closing.. .'23 .
60 pairs $5.00 White Blankets; California
Wool .-. 3.25 '¦
By the Committee.
"Never Quit Certainty
For Hope."
You may take Hood's Sarsaparilla for
all diseases arising from or promoted by
impure blood tvith perfect confidence that
it 'will do you good. Never take any sub-
stitute. In Hood's Sarsaparilla you have
the best . medicine money can buy. It
cures. — completely and permanently,—
Kohcn others faU to do any good.
Scrofulous Humor— "l was in ter-
rible condition from the itching and burning
of scrofulous humor. Grew Kuorse under
treatment of several . doctors. Took,
Hood's Sarsaparilla. And Hood's Pills.-
These cured me thoroughly," J. J. Little,
Fulton. N.Y. ' IZemembet
Ex-Soldier Injured.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 6.— 8. H, Pierce,
recently returned from Manila, where ho
was in the United States army, fell from
a wagon ' of the Los Angeles Transfer
Company at "Washington street and E.s
trella avenue this morningr, receiving in
juries which ' will probably prove fatal.
Hia skull was crushed.
RECEPTION IN
HONOR O F THE
NEW SENATOR
Brilliant: Scene :at Bard's
Headquarters, Where All
Flock to Offer Hjrh
Congratulations/
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 6.— The last trace of what
ever ' heartburnings ' may have resulted
from the Senatorial struggling was erased
to-night when the contending factions and
the citizens of Sacramento gave a recep
tion in honor of California's new Senator,
The parlor floor of the Golden Eagle was
"the scene of the festivities. : Potted plants,
palms and cut flowers were used in. pro
fusion to decorate the t"eceptlon hall, cor-
Iridors and the rooms occupied by Senator
Bard "as his headquarters.^, f v V
The reception began about 9 o'clock and
lasted until after midnlghj. Those who
had been the most bitter opponents of the
Venturan were the most hearty and sin
cere in their congratulations and expres
sions of fealty. The wives and daughters
of many of the legislators and some of
the. most prominent society ladles of the
capital city formed one of the most at
tractive features of the reception.
Senator \Bard, the guest of honor, was
the 'center around which all revolved. The
smiles with which his countenance beamed
told plainly that he appreciated the cor
diality of the reception and saw much for
'congratulation in the recementlng of Re
publican ties. Mrs. Thomas Flint, wife
of Senator Flint, and Mrs. Gray assisted
Senator; Bard in receiving the guests.
'; The health and success 'of the Senator
were wished from every Up, while empha
sis was given to the expressions of good
w.ill by liberal bumpers of sparkling wine.
Supper was prepared by Mr. Potter of the
Van Nuys Hotel, Los Angeles.
his counsel widely sought; In his political life
he has the ability, the integrity, the wisdom
and the breadth to do honor to this great State
In the Senate of the United States. Her Insti
tutions and her future will be safe in his
hands. ... ',;?.«
Elect Thomas R. Bard and you elect a man
whose 'ripe experience of nearly three score
years of vigorous healthy manhood Is not
bounded by the valley of Ventura, Ills states
manship, like your generous votes, will be
titatewld« and do good to the nation.
Elect Thomas R. Bard and you have selected
a reoresentatlve. who has the sturdy character
of the West, the culture of the East, and ob
servations abroad to. guide him In his high and
responsible work.
Elect ThomaH R. Bard and you have a Sena
tor who represents no faction, no corporate in
fluence or no section, but he will represent the
whole State and be an inspiration to aspiring
young men, who will see in your votes and in
his elevation the triumph of independent man
hood. .
Gleet Thomas . Tt. Bard and California will
have another United States Senator worthy of
this Legislature, worthy of this gloriou9vState,
worthy of the nation, worthy of the new*een
tury expanding before us and a. man who Is
ably equipped In mind, conscience and body to
patriotically assist that leader of leaders, the
nation's chieftain, President William McKlnley.
• ¦
ANOTHER OF THE
BURNS MEN TALKS
Assemblyman Pierce of Yolo County
also spoke from the standpoint of an ex
supporter of Burns and_ voiced his good
will af follows:
Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Assembly:
For nearly one hundred days have we labored
with this proposition trying to nominate a can
didate for United States Senator who shall
succeed the Hon. Stephen M. White. For near
ly one. hundred days have we been divided' in
faction,; and to-day, as representatives, we are
united here and hope to see go out from this
assemblage the words to the people of this
State, that we have united upon a man in
whom we have the utmost confidence. I do not'
desire to refer to his ability, honesty and in
tegrity; I take it, gentlemen, that the mere
fact that his nomination upon this floor Is due
evidence to every one of . these virtues.
It has been my duty to follow In the foot
steps of one whom I have ever found true to
the Republican party and the State. My loy
alty to him la. as great as It has ever been,
but the majority of the Republicans in this
House have agreed to nominate another candi
date and that candidate to-day is my candi
date. - Wo are told by him to give our honor,
our best efforts to the election of Thomas R.
Bard and . we are here to-day to carry out
th« words of him whom, we supported so honor
ably last -session."
f Gentlemen of California, we are anxious that
wo have our full share In the Senators of the
United Statea and we realize that to-day we
are to perform a great blessing upon the State
of California when we say to her that we have
selected a man for this position and, gentle
men, it gives me great pleasure at this time
to second the nomination of Thomas R. Bard.
THE NAME OF PHELAN
PRESENTED BY MACK
Assemblyman Mack led for the Demo
crats, and in a short speech named Jame3
D.Phelan^as the choice of the minority.
Mr. Mack sppke as follows; , •.;,•
It i« icy ! pleasant duty, on behalf of the
minority, to place ¦in - nomlna'lon ; for the ex
alted position of United Stated .Senator a: man
whose 'name is familiar to every Callforntan;
his •¦ devotion .to the , right, his tireless eflorta
Under the Terms of the Treaty,
United States Cannot Fortify
the Waterway.
WASHINGTON; Feb. 6.-Secretary Hay
Is determined that the State Department
f-he!l observe with the most scrupulous
fidelity whatever obligation may rest "upon
it toward Nicaragua and Costa Rica in
tho matter of the construction of the
N'icarag-uan canal. It has not been possi
ble to move In that matter pending the
removal •of the obstacle in the way of
canal building presented by the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. There has not been the
slightest disposition to ignore the Gov
ernments of our sister republics in the
matter, but, in the view of the depart
ment, it would rot have" been dignified
or safe to make overtures to them before
the United States had acquired the power
to deal with a free hand with the canal
problem bo far as Great Britain was co:i
cerned. Now, however, the department
v.-ill address itself to the Governments cf
Nicaragua and Costa Rica looking to the
acquirement of whatever privileges are
deemed essential to the construction of
the canal and its operation.
About the same time, or. rather, as coon
as> the Senate shall have ratified the
treaty and the ratifications shall have
been exchanged, the department will ad
dress identical notes to the great mari
time powers of the whole world to secure
their adhesion to .the project for the per
petual neutrality of the canal.
The following is the text of the new
Treaty negotiated in relation to the con
etruction of the Nicaraguan canal:
The United Ptates of America, and her Ma
jesty, the Queen of the United Kingdom of
<ireat I2rita.in and Ireland «nd Empress of In
dia, being desirous to facilitate the construction
ct a ship canal lo connect the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans and to that end remove any ob
jection which may arise out of the convention
of April IS, ISM, commonly called the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty, to the construction of such
<-anal undf-r the ausplr-es of the Government of
the United .States, without Impairing "the gen
*jtl principle" of neutralization established in
article VIII of that convention have for that
jiurpose appointed as their plenlpotentarles
—by the President of the United States
John Hay. and hy her Majesty, the Queen
of Great Britain «nd Ireland and Em-
X>re«s of India. the Right Hon. Lord
Pauncefote, G. C. 8., G. C. M. G., her
Majesty's Embassador . extraordinary and
plenipotentiary to the United States., who, hav
ing communk-ated to each other their full
jwiwers, which were found to be In due and
proper form, have agreed upon the following
Articles:
Article I— lt Is agreed that the canal may rx»
c-onstracted under the sufplces of the Govern
ment of the United States, either directly at
Its own cost or by gift or loan of. the money
to Individuals or _by corporations or through
Fubscrlptlon to or* purchases of stocks, or
shares, axid that, subject to the provisions of
the present convention, the raid Government
Fhall have and enjoy the rights incident to such
••onstruction Ef well as the exclusive right of
providing for the regulation and management
«pf th» canal.
Articie 11— The high contracting parties, de
ririnr to preserve and maintain the "general
principle" of neutralization established in
article VIII of ,the Clayton-Bulwer conven
tion, adopt as the b&cJ* of such neutralization
the following rule*, substantially as embodied
In the convention between Great Britain and
certain other powers signed at Constantinople
or. Octobei 1?, ISSS,. for the free navigation of
the Suez maritime canal; lhat is to say:
. 1. The canal shall be free and open in time
X>f war as in timp of peace to the vessels of
O'lnmerce and of war »t all nations on terms
of equity, so that there shall be no discrim
ination against any nation or its citizens or
sublets in respect of the conditions or charges
Of traffic or otherwise
. 2. The ranal shall never be blockaded nor
shall any right of war be exercised nor any
act of hostility be commljted within it.
3. Vessels of war of a belligerent shall not
revictual nor take any stores in the canal ex
cept so far as may be atrictly necessary; and
the transit of such vessels through the canal
rhall be effected with the least possible delay
in" accordance with the regulations In force
and with only such intermission as may result
from the necessities of the service. Prizes
shall be in all respects subject to the same
rules as vessels of war of the belligerents.
4. No belligerent shall embark or disembark
troops, munitions of war or warlike materials
in the canal except In case of accidental hind
rance of the transit and in such case the tran
sit shall be resumed with all possible dispatch.
5. The provisions of this article shall apply
to waters adjacent to the canal within three
marine miles of either end. Vessels of war of
a belligerent shall not remain In such waters
longer than twenty-four hours at any one time,
except In cas? of distress, and In such case
th«!l depart as soon as possible, but a Vessel
of war of one belligerent shall not depart with
in twenty-four hours from the departure of
the vessel of war of another belligerent.
6. The plant and establishments, buildings,
all works necessary to construction, mainten
ance and opening of the canal shall be deemed
to be part thereof, for the purposes of this
convention, and in time of war as In time of
peace shall enjoy ample immunity from attack
or injury by belligerents, and from acts cal
culated to impair their usefulness a.» part of
the canal.
7. Ko fortifications shall be erected command-
Ing the canal or the waters adjacent. The
United States, however, shall be at liberty to
maintain such military police alone the canal
as may be necessary to protect it against law
lessness and disorder.
Article lll— The high contracting: parties will
immediately upon the exchange of the ratifica
tions of this convention bring It to the notice of
other rowers and Invite them to adhere, to it.
Article IV— The pr*»em convention shall he
ratified by the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate thereof, and by her Britannic Majesty,
and the ratifications *hal! be exchanged • at
Washington or at London within fix months
from the date hereof, or earlier if possihle.
In faith whereof, the respective plenipoten
tiaries have signed this convention, and there
unto affixed their eeal?.
Dnr.o In duplicate at Washington, A. P. Feb
ruary n, UOO.
PAUXCEFOTE.
The President's letter of transmittal Is
as follows:
To the Senate: I transmit herewith, with a
view to receive the Bdvlce and consent of the
Penate to Its ratification, a convention this
day Flpncd by the respective plenipotentiaries
of the United States and Great Britain to facil
itate, the construction of a ship canal to con
nect the Atlantic and Pacific oceajis. and to
remove any objection which might arise out
of th» convention of April li«. ISSO, commonly
called the Clayton-Bulwer trt-aty, to the con
struction of euch canal under the auspices of
the Government of the United States.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
" Executive Mansion, Washington, D. C . Feb.
5, 1900.
Cincinnati Jurist to Head the Body
That Will Establish Civil Gov
ernment on the Islands.
T T TASHINGTON. Feb. 6.— The
\A / President ! to-day appointed
1/1/ "Judge ¦ William H. Taft of Cin
• V V clnnati. United States Judge of
* * the Sixth Judicial Circuit, to
be president of the new Philippine Com
mission. Judge Taft's place on the bench
will be filled by the appointment of Judge
Henry F. Severans 6f Grand Rapids.
Mich These announcements were made
at the close of the Cabinet meeting to
day. • • - - .
Judge Taft has been in Washington sev
eral days, presumably coming at the re
quest of the President. This morning he
called at the White House a little before
10 o'clock in company with Judge WilUam
R Day. former' Secretary of State and
later president "of the Paris Peace* Com
mission.. They remained with the Presi
dent until the Cabinet meeting at 11
o'clock and joined him again after the
Cabinet had adjourned.
On leaving the White House he said the
commission of which he had been ap
pointed president would sail from San
Francisco soon after March 15. and its
special mission would be the establish
ment of a civil government for the
islands. Further than that he was not at
liberty to speak. It is understood that the
other members of the commission will be
designated within a very- short time and
that special instructions which will guide
them in the discharge of their duties will
be prepared at as early a day as possible.
The appointment of this commission Is
carrying out the suggestions of the pres
ent Philippine Commission, which will
shortly go*out of existence. Some of the
members of the old commission, it is said,
will be appointed on the new one. ...
The appointment of Judge Taft marks
the first selection for the new Philippine
Commission. There will be five member*
on the commission, and all of them will
be civilians. Schurman. president of the
existing commission, has declined for
business reasons to remain on the com
mission, so Judge Taft will be president
in his place. Mr. Denby and Professor
Worcester have been invited to accept
appointments, but so far have not signi
fied their intentions. Admiral Dewey will
not go back to Manila, and General Otis
will give way, like him, to a civilian.'
Secretary Root said to-day that no in
structions had been framed for the new
commission as yet. but it would be easy
to perceive from the sentiments set out
In the President's message on tne subject
what these instructions would be.
Judge Taft called at the War Depart
ment to-day in company with Judge L>ay.
lat# Secretary of State, and had a long
talk with Secretary Root as to the plans
of the commission.' As slime surprise has
been caused by the willingness of Judge
Taft to surrender a life position of the
dignity and emolument of a United Statea
Circuit Judge to Join the commission, it
may be said that the prevalent impression
is ' that as soon as the commission shall
have succeeded In replacing the existing
military government in the Philippines
with stable civil government Judge Taft
will be named as the first civil Governor
General of the archipelago. It is not
thought that this change will take plaeo
at once, but the commission 1s expected
to move steadily toward that object and
to set up local civil governments as fast
as the Filipinos shall demonstrate their
worthiness.
Opposing Factions Hope That the Ken
. tucky Gubernatpri^il; Contest Will
To ) Cure La Grippe in . Two Days.
Take Laxative. Bromo Quinine. Tablets.- All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
K. W. . Grove's signature is on each box. 25a
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP TICKETSIO
PASOROBLESSSfpHun
Mc»t noted Mineral Springs la United Statea,
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism. Blood. Ltvar.
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders. ApplX
FRANK W. ELT. City A*»at, M» livUt «W
WINTER RESORT.
A series of experiments made' at 1 Kiel
during the, last two years . have shown
that of all metals used In shipbuilding an
amalgam of iron and zinc is least sub-
ject to deterioration' from the influence of
sea water. ¦- "-.¦ - . ¦ ¦ '-' - - '..- •--. .
W. C. T. U. Proud of Her Majesty.
The temperance- women are rejoicing
ove» the fact that when the Prince of
Monaco, whose Income is derived from
Monte Carlo, desired to pay his respects
to Queen Victoria her Majesty refused to
meet him, thereby evincing her disap
proval of gambling. Another ground for
congratulations to the temperance work
ers Is that her Majesty had a prayer of
fered at the launching of her new yacht,
the ' Victoria and Albert, instead of the
customary breaking of a bottle of wine
over the bow.— New York Tribune. *
by a wave of prosperity. This will have
considerable bearing on the next |Presi
dential election and will very materially
improve the chances for the renomination
of Mr. McJvinley. When times are good
it is not as easy to stir up a hot political
campaign as when they are not. If things
are going along well the people rest con
tented with what they have and are not
so anxious for a change. This makes tho
task of retaining what it has much
easier to the party in power, whatever
party that may be.
"I don't think it will he possible for the
Republicans or any other party to pre
vent the renomlnatlon of Mr. Bryan. As
to the platform on which he will work, I
imagine it will be much the same as the
last one. The silver plank will be of the
same dimensions. If silver was good in
ISS6 I can see no reason why it will not be
just as good, in fact better, in 1900 I
don"t know who will head the ticket with
Mr. Bryan. I will not. lam entirely out
of the race as far as any elective office is
concerned.
"As to steel, iron and ship-building I
have been so long out of the country that
I am not as well posted on these matters
as I would like to be. I can say, how
ever, that the price of both steel and iron
is abnormally high Just now. owing to the
demand for manufacturing and other pur
poses. This demand has been merely the
logical result of the general forward
movement in all lines of business activ
ity. As these two articles are at the bot
tom of all manufacture, their price nat
urally goes up in proportion to demand
created by Increased activity in manufac
turing. These prices will not last through
the year. They have merely been created
by the sudden boom that has followed
the previous depression, and they will
soon sink to something more normal In
its nature I don't mean by this that the
prices will po down to where they were
before the advent of good times.- I mean
that they will get to somewhere nearer
reasonable figures.
"Shlp-bulldlng is rood, but would be bet
ter were it not for the price of steel and
iron, which is so largely used in construc
tion. We require more tonnage and we
have the yards and mechanics to supply
It; but at present w« are waiting for the
cost of material to come within the proper
bounds before going ahead at the rate, we
should like to.
"I look for these favorable conditions In
prices to come within the present year,
and then the Bhlp-bulldlng Industry will
po forward with a spurt all over the
United States."
. ?- ADVEBHSEMENTS. .
LIFE, ACCIDENT AND HEALTH
INSURANCE. .
50th ANNUAL STATEMENT
(Condensed)
LIFE
Insurance Company,
Hartford, Conn.
MORGAN G. BDLKELEY - • - President.
Assets. January t' 1300 J52,80,2» M
Legal Reserve. 4 per cent Standard,
and all claims 45.754.054 M
Special Reserve, In addition to 4
per cent Reserve 1,(44,000 09
Surplus as to Policy holders. Janu-
ary 1. 1900 ......-.:.;.:... 5.412.215 ««
Payments to Policy holder* In 1R39.. J. 083.955 TO
Premium receipts In 1599 ;.. U33.C1 51
Interest receipts In 1R99 2.335.073 :7
Total receipts In ISW ».51».::» 7",
Life. Endowment aort Term Policies . ¦
issued and revived in 1535, 13.212. .
insuring •• \ / M.454.M3 *W
Life. Endowment and ,Tena Insur-
ance In force January 1. t5"O, 15J.4*>.790 W
Accident Insurance In- fon"» - Janu- •'
ary 1, 1300 ...: ....1..... 135,M7.470 00
P.jd PoUcy-hnlden, tiiA CQO AtA 70
«!nce organization VI I**! tJ3U)*H*+ **-
/ETNA LIFE'S GAINS
IN 1899:
New Premium Income ; 119MT9 C«
Total Premium Income *. 701.94* «
Assets 1K3.279 09
LJfe, Term and Endowment Insur-
ance issued and revived 1513.W1 W
Life. Term and Endowment Insur-
ance In force Ilrfs*.K* 00
Accident and Health Insurance in
force am ST
Number of Policy holders •• 17 > m
H.B. HOUQHTON, General Agent,
Safe Deposit Building,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAl*
PROSPERITY IS
A STRONG CURD
FOR McKINLEY
Arthur Sewall Speaks
on Politics.
INFLUENCE OF CONDITIONS
Arthur M. Sewall. the multi-millionaire
thlp-bullder and famous silver advocate,
who has recently returned from the Ha
waiian Islands, when been yesterday and
questioned on the general condition of
business throughout the country, said:
"The general condition of business all
over the country is good— more prosper
ous, In fact, than it has been before in
years. Not only is this true of the condi
tion of trade in the United' States proper,
but the same good times pertain in our
tiewly acquired colonies and island pos
sessions. *
"I have Just returned from the Ha
waiian Islands, and things will boom
there as soon as Congress gives them a
regular form of government. The islands
ere Buffering to-day for want of
Congressional action. As soon as
the United States gives Hawaii a terri
torial form of government that will con
duct affairs under an American policy,
the new Territory will develop into one
of the most prosperous and best paying
properties we own.
"Honolulu, when Americanized and
cleaned up, will become the most popular
resort in this hemisphere. Aside from the
t&lsnds, the entire country is being swept
for the second best man, and he was
Thomas R. Bard.
Dunlap of Stockton declared the good
feeling of the supporters of Irving M.
Scott. Said he: • . '
I voted during the first ssssion for a man
whose name is known throughout the land, a
man who Is famous for his wGrks and whom
I considered worthy to be California's repre
sentative In Congress. Under similar circum
stances I would vote for him again, .but the
conditions are changed and another man has
appeared as the choice of the people, and
bowing to their will it is my pleasure to sec
ond his nomination. Thomas R. Bard of Ven
tura is the choice of a majority of this Legis
lature and my faith In him is as great aB in
any candidate who has come before us. I
wish to add my voice to the chorus that Is
going up for him.
LARDNER SPEAKS FOR
THE OLD BARNES MEN
Assemblyman Lardher of Placer spoke
for the old Barnes supporters as follows:
Mr. Speaker and Members of the Assembly ;
You will all witness that I was a consistent
follower of that fearless and honorable W. H.
L. Barnes during the last session. On ac
count of infirmities I can simply say that the
friends of General W. H. L. Barnes resolved
to land him not only as a man to represent
one section of the State, but to represent the
whole State of California, but the time naa
come for every man who loves his State and
his party to lay aside personal preferences and
act for the good of his State and the great
party— the Republican party of the State of
California. Very often we resort to a second
choice and the Republican party away back
in Washington demands that this great State
should be fully recognized. Our. people began
to realize that, the time had- come that this
demand should be carried out. The Governor,
of the State eald it would be a crime if we
were not represented. It is needless to say
that all the trade of the Orient may come to
our ports, that we are asked to insure pur
ports, and that it becomes. a duty, a Bolemn
i duty, to assist In ¦ bringing about this most
' happy result. We feel that the time has come
when we must lay aside our party feelings and
we must get together and select a United
States Senator. I have consulted a great many
of my constituents In Placer County. and they
are perfectly satisfied, and so I can say that
it gives me the most supreme pleasure to
second the nomination of- the Hon.- TMomas R.
Bard for United States Senator in the Con
gress of the Untied Statea. -- ¦ ¦
GROVE JOHNSON DOES
SOME EXPLAINING
Grove L«. Johnson, who has been one of
Colonel Burns' closest and most persistent
supporters, took advantage of the lull that
followed the applause t^, not only. second
Bard's nomination but to state his -own
position and that of Burns! -: He denounced
as unwarranted, by fact ,the. charges that
have been made against his' former can
didate and upheld him ,as a man fit in
every respect for the high position to
which he aspired. He asserted that he
had voted for him through the first fight
and would cheerfully do so again should
the occasion arise.
But with the Introduction of Mr. Bard, said
Mr. Johnson, we saw before vis two ways
one to do as others did during .the last ses
sion and create what is known as a deadlock:
the other to elect a. Senator from California
and uphold the Republican party. Our can
didate, we saw, could not win the fight and
not being an obstructionist he withdrew and
made the election of Thomas R. Bard pos
sible. It Is -now my pleasure to second that
gentleman's nomination.
BARD DECLARED THE
IDEAL BY MELICK
Assemblyman Mellck epoke as follows:
Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Assembly:
These closing months of the greatest century
of all ages are tilled with marvelous changes
In the affairs of mankind. The genius of men
and the activities of nations have compelled
historians and geographers to glide their pens
swiftly in 'order to record the transformations
wrought by art, by science, by Industry and
by war.
Foremost among the nations thus moving for
ward tp nobler i achievements and a grander
destiny stands the United States. While un
dertaking by a wise Industrial policy to beßtow
peace and prosperity on all within her borders,
ehe la also carrying the blessings of liberty
abroad. Yonder In the populous isles < of these
western seas we are struggling to pacify, to
educate, to civilize and to uplift.
These are j^tlrrlng -times. In the
western pathway .of commercial, moral
and national development under the Anglo-
Saxon banner stands California, fruttful in
products, rich In resources and boundless In
possibilities. If we will but rise equal to the
occasion and appropriate the opportunities
within our reach. . ,
Although the nation has been in ,the throes
of external war and internal industrial devel
opment, and although California Is In the path
way of this Oriental trade, yet for nearly a
year Bhe has sat as a half-orphan In the high
est council of the nation. '.
For thirteen months we' have experienced a
most bitter contest in seeking a United States
Senator who will fully represent California in
the sisterhood of States. Personal prejudices,
vicious articles, defamatory words and fac
tional party bickerings have rent the Republi
can party and Injured the State while the. un
seemly contest waged.
Contrary to the advice from many sources
and In the face of opposition sought to Impugn
his pure motives. Governor Henry T. Gage
patriotically called us together to "meet, in
calm council to select some gentleman for the
United States Benate unquestionably worthy
of the high honor, whose ability and Integrity
cannot justly be assailed, who Is Inspired with'
the SDlendid and . progressive views of the
I'resldent and who when elected will . un
swervingly assist the national administration
In its magnificent governmental plan of ex
tending American civilization and commerce
to the new territory, where the American sol
dier and . sailor have planted and maintained
our country's flag." ' " ' ' .
To-day we meet In extraordinary session to
perform that duty for which we were elected.
To-day I have the honor to present to you for
your consideration the name of a gentleman
who meets all the conditions of Governor
Gage and our Ideal.
That gentleman is Thomas R. Bard. " ; .
Summoned from his roses, from his ; groves
and his oil wells in the southland, he comes
loyally Clnclnnatus-like, ready with his whole
energy to serve this State and this nation
should you so decide by your votes to-day.
Thoroughly Callfornlan by thirty-five years'
residence, his life is an open book to us who
also hall from near his home. . \¦ . •_ .-¦ ,
Thirteen years ago I first became acquainted
with Mr. Bard. In his home life he Is loved
and pure; In his business life he Is trusted and.
Continued From First Page.
to redress -public wrongs, his private* character
and public record all unite -tad point to him
us, one who Is worthy and entitle i to receive
our support at this tlrne. -•
I have great pleasure hi presenting the name
of the lion. James D. Qlielan.
*E. D. Sullivan of San Francisco second
ed, and then Assemblyman Dibble moved
that nominations . be closed, _It was so
ordered md a strictly caucus voje- fol
lowed, there being 59,votesfor Bard and
20 for Phelan.' Crowly (D.) of San Fran
cisco voted for Stephen M. White. •
MEDIATION RESOLUTION
DEFEATED IN SENATE
Cutter Introduces a Resolution. J?ro
. viding for Adjournment on Sat
urday Next. .-' '
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.-In the Senate
this- forenoon Luchslnger introduced a
constitutional amendment proposing to
amend section S of Article XI. relating to
the .adoption of municipal charter?. The
amendment was referred to the Judiciary
Committee. »-.">.
A concurrent resolution was offered by-
Senator Burnett tendering to Mrs. Almlra
S.'Townsend a vote of thanks for her
care, attention and kindness to Califor
nian and other soldiers returning from the
Philippines. The resolution was adopted
and transmitted to the Assembly. *
A second concurrent resolution waa in
troduced by Senator Shortridge permit
ting G. A. Root, clerk of the,, Supreme
Court, to absent himself from the State
for six months. The resolution was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee. ; . ¦
Governor Gage notified the Senate that
tie had approved Senate bills 8, 9 and 10,
appropriating the per diem and mileage
of Senators, officers - and clerks and (he
contingent expenses of the Senate.
, The wide tire bill was read the second
time. . - .... ? .- ,
After recess in the Senate this after
noon Cutter introduced a resolution call-
Ing for adjournment of the extra session
at noon Saturday, February 10. The reso
lution was. referred to the regular com
mittee.' '
Stratton's resolution calling upon the
national administration to offer its good
offices to mediate between England and
the Boer republics, in their struggle, was
voted down by a vote of 14 to 21.
The Senate adjourned until 11 o'clock
to-morrow morning
LITTLE BUSINESS
IN THE ASSEMBLY
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.— ln the Assem
bly this forenoon Kelsey" Introduced a bill
appropriating $13,000 to, pay the per diem
and mileage of the members for the extra
session." • ¦ ¦ r , ' . 3
.The wide-tire law. was under discussion
for half an hour, but no action was taken
upon it... . ,
A recess was finally taken until 11:55,
when the House reassembled to take the
vote on United States Senator.
This afternoon a resolution was intro
duced by Belshaw and adopted providing
that the Senate and Assembly meet at
noon to-morrow to ratify the election.'
The Assembly then adjourned until 11
o'clock to-morrow morning.
BARD'S FAMILY NOT
GOING TO WASHINGTON
New Senator Requested to T>eliver
Address afc Los Angeles Chamber
of Commerce Banquet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. «.— ln the selec
tion of Thomas R. Bard as the junior
United States Senator from California Los
Angeles is again honored In having for
two consecutive terms a representative in
the national Senate. Thomas R. Bard has
been a resident of this city for nearly two
years, his wife and family being now
domiciled in 957 West Adams street,
the fashionable residence section. This
information has not become generally
public. -. .-; ,
When Mrs. Bard was seen to-night she
stated that Mr. Bard had informed her
of the result of - to-day's balloting and
that many friends had tendered tele
graphic congratulations. "I shall expect
my husband about Saturday," Mrs. Bard,
in. response to on inquiry, said, "but I
know nothing of his intentions,' although
it was understood when he went to Sac
ramento that should he become the choice
of his party he would start for Washing
ton as soon as his business affairs could
be arranged. I do not expect to go to
Washington with Mr. Bard, and as far
as our plans are now known none of the
family will go. Whether Mr. Bard has
accepted any of the invitations that have
been extended to him I am unable to say.
but it will be fair to presume that he will
respond to the requests that it is reported
have been made by the citizens or Los
Angeles."
It is learned to-night that Mr. Bard
has been requested to, be the guest of
honor and to deliver an address at the an
nual banquet of the Chamber of Com
merce on Washington's birthday. An in
formal non-partisan reception will be-ten
dered Mr. . Bard . Saturday of thl3 week
should he return by that time. .
EKTHDSIASTIC SCENES MARK ELECTION
• OF CALIFORNIA'S JUNIOR SENATOR
to be understood as saying that they had
no authoritative- reason from • Governor
Taylor fOr entertaining the belief they ex
pected. Early in, the morning, before he
had received a copy of the agreement.
Governor Taylor discussed; the conditions
as he understood them to be before re
ceiving official notice, and said: . :
"Under no circumstances will-I-dlscuss
the agreement before a copy of it has
reached me. It would be most unfair and
most discourteous for jne to do so., Speak
ing generally", however, I would say that
if an agreement can -be made by which
an election law will be given to the people
of Kentucky; through the operation of
which a fair election and an honest count
are assured to the citizens of this Statf,.
no personal ambition of mine will be>al
lowed to stand in the way." .
After the three gentlemen who brought
the agreement had retired Governor Tay
lor remained alone In his office with the
copy of the agreement. He studied it
carefully, went over its several provisions
In an exhaustive manner and late In the
afternoon declared that he would take no
action whatever until to-morrow.
"I wish to see my attorneys." he said,
"and consult with them about certain
terms of the agreement before I announce
my Intention. - I wilr not say what I in
tend to do until I have obtained legal ad
vice." .'_, - .. . ': ¦
: Senator Blackburn, whd returned this
morning; from Louisville, ¦ expressed him
self to-night as being confident that: the
entire trouble would be settled peacefully.
There is -not- in the city of Frankfort a
single member of the Legislature. The
Republicans are all at London and the
Democrats In places ajong;the border of
tfte State, "from where it will be easy to
escape should any attempt be made by the
military to arrest and convey them to
London. - But wrch Republicans of prom
inence as- are here- seem Inclined to be
lleve that Governor Taylor will accept the
agreement. \ They all admit, however, that
he has given as yet no oral or written
evidence of his Intention.
A meeting of Frankfort citizens was
held at the courthouse to-night ana ar
rangements were made for the public db
servance of - the funeral of Governor.
Goebel. All business people of the city
were asked to close Thursday and drape
their buildings In black. All bells of pub
lic institutions were ordered tolled during
the funeral services.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 6.— Whether
it shall be peace' or war in Ken
tucky rests to-night with Governor
Taylor alone. The question \ has
been in his mind all day, and to
night he declared that he had
reached no decision and would announce
none before to-morrow. The text of the
agreement reached by the Louisville con
ference last night was brought to him
this morning by a committee consisting
of General Dan Lindsay. T. H. Baker and
T. L. Edelen. They handed Governor Tay
lor a copy of the" agreement, were closet
ed with him for a short time and then
departed. As they left the building Mr.
Baker remarked: "I hope and believe that
the entire matter' will be amicably adjust
ed. More than this I am unable to say
at the present time."
General Lindsay and Edelen spoke in
similar tones, and while they all expresse-1
themselves as reasonably confident that
Governor Taylor would acquiesce in the
terms of the agreement they all desirwl
PEACE OR WAR NOW
RESTS WITH TAYLOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1900.
TAFT FOR PRESIDENT OF
PHILIPPINE COMMISSION
CANAL MUST BE OPEN
TO ALL THE NATIONS
iISIBIJPTIE
f3|p^ PITRI?ri
\^\ s uufliiUi
WHEN w» say "KUFTCRBJ CURED" w<
mean it. for It is * fact that thousands of cure*
have been accomplished by Dr. Plerca's World-
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS during th« past
twenty-Bye years. Therw Is nothing *!«e Hka It
on earth! It does the work! Uav« received «.
many letters and testimonials that we hardly
know what to do with them all. U raptar«4 la-
veatlrate at once Our prices ar» reasonable,
hut not cheap. We make no discounts. "Dr.
pierce*" is THE trusa. and you cannot b*
"Vo? «S Xt «mr No. V for noth-
Ine by calling at th» ofJJce. or It will be seat to
you on receipt of a 2-cent stamp. It tells aU
about this TRUSS. Addres»
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market street.. SAN FRANCISCO. ,
M Tribune building. NEW TORS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARN'Y AND WASHINGTON* STS.— RE»
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO.' European plan. Rooms, 60c to ÜBT day;
{3 to $3 week: $S to f3> month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flr* grates (a every
room; elevator runs all night. ___ir
2
DR. LEYDS, SOUTH AFRICAN STATESMAN.
The above picture of the popular diplomat, who represents the Boer
republics on the Continent of Europe, is reproduced from a drawing from
life by Paul Renouard, published in the Monde Illustre.
JUDGE WILLIAM H. TAFT.was speaking the news of the success of
the Unionist candidate in the York City
election, with an unexpectedly large ma
jority, arrived and caused a great scene
of enthusiasm.
CONSUL HAY RECEIVED.
PRETORIA, Monday. Feb. 5.- Adalbert
8. Hay, the new United States Consul
BRITISH ADVANCE TOWARD THE ORANGE RIVER.
Map of the northern part of Cape Colony, showing the positions of the three
divisions of the British main army of Invasion, under Generals French, Kelly-
Kenny and Gatacre, and of the Boer forces opposing them. Springfonteln, in the
Orange Free State, is the first joint objective point of the several columns.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•ii Palace and :
:: Grand Hotels t
' ' For nearly «. quarter of a eeatorr ts» *
< > leadln* hotels oa th* Pael2o Coast. ?
< > With added Unvrovemeau aad coa- ?
< > venlcaces they continue to b* ta« h»*J- ?
t Quarter* for tourists aad traveler* Ttt» *
lUajf Baa Fraaclsoo. +
? JOHN a KIRKPATRieK. ?
t Maaacar. , ?
,«IMMM>< »-+¦-» MMMtM«<»
IA/. X. HESS,
KCTASY. PCSLIO AND ATTOBSET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claua Spreckeii Bl<Sg.
Telephone Brown S3L
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
»^. a. "J >4 I fall IWo X.B
MARKET ST. Sf.
Bees are said to see an enormous, dis-
tance. When absent from their hive they
go up in the air till they see their homo
and then fly toward it in a straight line.
Carnegie and the Reporters.
One of Mr. Carnegie's weak spots Is his
fondness of newspaper men. says the New
York Press, particularly those in Pitts
burg. He used to know every one by
name, and never refused to see them and
listen to their inquiries.
I recall an Instance: There was a great
meeting in Glasgow about the time when
Mr. Carnegie was coaching through Scot
land rvith Mr. Biaine as hi? guest, and a
Pittsburg reporter happening to be In the
"center and crown of the shipbuilding
business of the world" decided to send to
his paper a cable dispatch concerning tho
reception of the distinguished American.
But the operator refused to receive It.
not knowing the sender, and the latter
appealed to Mr. Carnegie, who Immediate
ly, straightened things out. The cost of
the message was $4i>. and the newspaper
man. learning that his friend paid for it.
has sent a check for that amount to Mr.
Carnegie every year sinre. enly to have>
it returned with some humorous comment.
PELTED WITH BAD EGGS
FOR INSULTING A LADY
Severe but Deserved Punishment Meted
Out in Answer to a Note Written
by Frank L Gardner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 6.— Frank L. Gardner, a representative of H.
Bohls & Co.. was rotten-egged by twenty of the most prominent young mea
in thi3 city to-night. He had written a very Insulting letter to one ef the
young ladies of this place, requesting her to meet hiia and go out for a
time. The letter was placed by the young lady in the hands of friends, who
sent him a decoy letter designating a meeting place. At the appointed time.
Gardner showed up and was given a severe pelting with rotten eggs. The
young men hope that it will serve as a lesson to a few others who are known
to be doing the same business.
grass. A party of Boers dispatched to
the scene was attacked from the trenches
and all retreated except four, who, hiding,
permitted the British to advance to within
fifty yards, when they fired a volley, kill
ing three men. This was seen from the
British fort, which fired a shell and sent
cavalry to assist the British. The Boers
beat these back, killing two men.
MAKES A BIG DONATION.
CALCUTTA, Feb. 6.— The Maharajah of
Jaypur has made a donation of IQO.OOO ru
pees to the South African, war fund.
While Buller's
Acts Are Kept
a Sealed Mys
tery Parlia
ment Sustains
the Salisbury
Cabinet.
In the North of Cape
Colony General
Gataere Is About to
Begin Hard Fight
ing and Make a
Movement Simul
taneously With
French, Kelly-Ken.
Ny and Brabant.
Special Cable to The Call ard the New York
Herald. Copyright. IJ3O, by the New York
Herald Ccrrrany.
MODDER SPRUIT, Feb. 6.—Mes
sages from Ladysmith dated yester
day, February 5, say continuous can
nonading has besn proceeding since
5 o'clock in the morning, with the oc
casional roar of a "long Tom." The
firing, it is added, continues.
?
»I>«-!al cable to Th# Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright-d, 19C0, by the New York
Herald Company.
LONDON*. Feb. 7.— Lord Roberts'
customary phras», "No change in
the situation to-day," which alter
nate with the censor's "Situation
is unchanged," was posted earlfer
than usual at the War Office yesterday.
"When I entered the lobby at about 5
o'clock last evening the only occupants
were two brawny constables, who had re
moved the-lr helmets and were standing,
surveying with contented gaze the blank
bulletin board and empty room. At 11
o'clock the conditions were the same.
Absolutely no news of importance from
the seat of war was allowed to reach
What General Buller is doing is a sealed
mystery, but a hint is given in a telegram
from Ladysmith, of Sunday's date, via
Estcourt, which states that the Boers
were evidently in a state of alarm to the
east of the besieged city, evidently ex
pecting an attack.
In the north of Cape Colony, while there
Is no fresh intelligence, there is no doubt
that General Gatacre is about to begin
some hard fighting and make a move
ment simultaneously with Generals
French, Kelly-Kenny and Brabant.
As to hcrne affairs, the decisive vote on
the amendment to the reply to the Queen's
speech In favor of the Government in the
House of Commons last night and the
result of the York Parliamentary election,
where a Unionist was elected by an over
s-h^lmirsg majority to succeed Lord
Charles Beresford. are taken to Indicate
that the country Is standing behind Lord
Salisbury's Cabinet and will continue to
do fo until the war is brought to a suc
cessful conclusion.
»
KRUGER TO BLAME,
DECLARES ASQUITH
LONDON. Feb. 6.— ln the House of
Commons to-day, replying to a question
of John Dillon. Nationalist member for
East Mayo, as to whether the Government
intended to treat food stuffs as contra-
band during the present war and if so un
der what restrictions and limitations, Mr.
Balfour, First Lord of the Treasury, said
that food stuffs, as such, had never been
considered contraband by Great Britain.
But, he added, f%od stuffs intended to
fcupply the army In the field were, by the
universal consent of international law
yers, regarded as contraband, and a prize
court would decide the facts connected
with the shipments.
Asked If the Government Intended to
direct cruisers to seize all cargoes for
Lourenzo Marquez until their character
was determined by a prize court, Mr. Bal
four declined to make any statement in
this connection.
George W. Wyndham. Parliamentary
Secretary for the War Office, re
plying to a question, said there
was reason to .believe that many
of the guns from the forts at Pre
toria had been sent to the front, and that
some of them had a range of over 10,000
yards. The British siege train sent out
in December, he added, had guns of equal
range. *
The debate on the amendment to the
address in reply to the speech from the
throne was resumed by H. H. Asquith.
Liberal (Home Secretary in the Rosebery
Ministry), who from the tenor of his re
marks might have held a brief for the
Government. He maintained that the war
was neither intended nor desired by the
Government, which naturally explained
the country's unpreparedness. Asquith
added that the war could have been
avoided by President Kruger accepting
the proposals made in September, which,
according to the speaker, were perfectly
Compatible with the maintenance of the
independence of the Transvaal and a
proper installment of long delay in justice
to the British population. If he thought
the British negotiations were a mere
cloak to attack the Independence of or an
nex the Transvaal, then in spite of the in
vasion of British territory and the loss of
British lives he could not have reconciled
his conscience with voting a penny for the
prosecution of the war. But that is not
the opinion of the House of Commons
nor of the great majority of the country.
That was why they were united in Par
liament and a united people. Doubtless
there had been a demonstrable lack of
foresight and insight. Chamberlain, no
doubt, would give much for a chance of
re-editing his dispatches. But there was
no ground in anything which had hap
pened, or anything which he could con
template at present, for the "croakings"
of pessimists or the outbursts of panic.
Th* speech of Asquith almost caused a
sensation in the House. Asquith repre
sents the Roseberyites. and Lord Rose
bery was present in the gallery to hear
him. The debate for some time after the
conclusion of Mr. Asquith's remarks was
very flat.
Answering a question before the House
of Commons, A. J. Balfour. the Govern
ment leader, said there was no truth In
'.he story of Major General Sir William
Butler's communications to Sir Alfred
Milner. the British High Commissioner to
South Africa, as published by the Man
chester Guardian to-day. According to
the story referred to^ Major General But
ler, the former commander of the Brit
ish forces In South Africa, objected to re
inforcing the border garrisons, and said
that SO.uX) men should be on hand at the
outbreak of the war, even if it was con
fined to .-*'.,= South African republic.
John Burns, Radical member for Bat
tersea, congratulated the opposition on
having the courage to do its duty, "un
influenced by newspapers owned by black
guards and edited by ruffians who clamor
lor war." He characterized it as absurd
to say that the debate would be an en
couragement and an incentive to the
Boers.
"The Boers don't need an incentive,"
exclaimed Burns. '"This was supplied
them years ago by the blundering policy
of the Colonial Secretary, whose speech
might be fairly summarized? as follows:
'There is no argument for war. There
fore wave the Union Jack. A few mis
takes have been committed. Therefore
double your army In South Africa.' "
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, the
Liberal leader. Justified the opportune
ness of the amendment, because it was
the duty of the opposition to record its
judgment. He said the Government would
hardly pose as conquerors upon whose
brows laurel wreaths should be placed,
for their diplomacy had failed and their
military operations had been unsuccessful.
These facts. Sir Henry declared. Invited
criticism. At the same time he would
deprecate exaggeration and would deny
the existence of national humiliation and
discomfiture. He also denied that the
opposition was actuated by a desire to
clamber into power or to seek party ad
vantage. The "composed and sensible
tone of the speech of the Colonial Secre
tary," he haa been glad to hear. If the
Government were aware of the disparity
between the defensive forces of the South
African colonies and the military strength
of the Boers when the negotiations were
entered upon, no condemnation, in his
judgment, could be too severe. Sir Henry
ridiculed Lord Salisbury's statement that
the secret service fund was too small and
pointed out that the whole sum had not
been expended. He thought the Govern
ment should have disavowed the Jameson
raid and given guarantees for the future,
as Great Britain would have then been in
a position to demand that Boers cease
arming.
Sir Henry demanded to know upon what
evidence the existence of a Dutch con
spiracy was asserted, declaring that, un
less the charge was well founded, it was a
most wanton insult to her Majesty's loyal
Dutch subjects at the Cape. The war
must be prosecuted with vigor, he main
tained, but provided British territories
were free and Great Britain's military su-
Deriority was vindicated, what mattered
HEICEHAW. KUCKLET A CO.. Pumpn, Steam and
Gasoline Essrine*. Boiler*. 2$ and 28 Fremont.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DASOANA BITTERS. THS
great Mexicta remedy; ctra health and
*tren*t& to >exnal orfaos. . Depot. £3 llvlut. -
have lost ten times as many men as the
Boers have lost by British bayonets." :
SOME MINOR ENCOUNTERS.
MODDER SPRUIT, Monday, Feb. s.— On
Saturday the Pretoria corps discovered
a party of British - from Ladysmith J in
trenchetr at a railroad orldge, protecting
a number of coolies . who were cutting
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
CONSULT
FREE.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are- being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute : has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
euffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seem* to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it la needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success >n all cases. A reouest to the
State Medical Institute. 32S Elektroa
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
ereat class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated. *nd the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. Tna
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will b. N sent a free sample,
carefuly sealed in £ plain package, so
that its recipient need hava no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers arc
reeuested to write without delay. ..
>-MS^ PILLS
J are the best and safest
I FAMILY MEDICINE
{ for all
I BILIOUS AND
[NERVOUS DISORDERS
I 10 cents and 25 cents— Dru&flsts.
it as to the hour anu Dlace of arriving at
a settlement. (Loud ministerial protests.)
What really did matter was,- he affirmed,
that the settlement should be made in
the right spirit.
Mr. Balfour, who on rising was loudly
cheered, said:
"What is the obpect of the amendment?
What is it likely to attain? One might
have expected that the War Office would
be attacked, but that is not the case. I
am driven to the conclusion that the
amendment is an attack upon the Colo
nial Secretary. ("Hear, hear!") Well, the
Colonial Secretary may well ignore these
persistent attacks. -The right honorable
gentleman may remember that it has been
during his term of office as Colonial 'Sec
retary that the British Empire, as a
whole, has first shown its full conscious
ness of what it is and of what its des
tinies are. (Loud cheers.) Others have
certainly contributed to this result, but it
Is in no small degree owing to the great
administrative abilities of the right hon
orable gentleman, the Colonial Secretary,
that the dramatic moment has occurred,
for the first time in our history, when
every British colony has joined the
mother country to carry out a great Im
perial work, and when all these petty and
contemptible charges are buried in the
oblivion they so well deserve, the name
of the right honorable gentleman will for
ever be associated with the great move
ment In our history."
Mr. Balfour went on to accuse the op
position of wishing to oust the Govern
ment, a suggestion that was received
with considerable lauchter. He com
mented upon the diversity of views in the
opposition ranks.
"Is the opposition," he asked, "wise or
patriotic? What the country has to ' fear
is foreign nations,- and the Transvaal
politicians may think they can find their
opportunity in our dissensions. The
House of Commons cannot do much to
help our arms, but this it can do — It can
show that behind our soldiers in the field
there is a united country. (Loud cheers.)
"Can the members of the opposition re
flect with equanimity on the fact that
the vote they are about to give upon the
amendment may lengthen the war and
increase the tragic list of losses, and
probably add one fraction to the chances
of European complications?"
Mr. Balfour, in closing, appealed to the
members of the House, irrespective of
party, to rise to "the height reached by
those we represent." He declared that if
they did this, then in a short time the
empire would issue from th*« struggle
"stronger not only in the consciousness
of its strength but in the eyes of the civ
ilized world." ¦¦•¦« •
He resumed his scat amid prolonged
cheering. . When the division bell rang
the Irish members rose in a body and left
the House without voting. Several Lib
erals abstained. Some others voted with
the Government", as did also Sir Edward
Clarke, membfer for Plymouth. Mr. As
quith voted with Sir Henry Campbell-
Bannerman for the amendment.
At the close of Mr. Balfour's speech
Lord Edmund Fltzmaurice's amendment
to the address in reply to the' speech from
the throne was rejected by 352 against
the amendment to 139 in its favor.
While Sir- Henry Campbell-Bannerman
BACK-ACHING
WOMEN !
¦ _-, --~- Backache
*4£k^V'» womrn
gSJ^Sv*..-^ 5 Is one of
U -W^ c £:l"f£ -x leadlnr
3— l ">"^^fV* 3 symptoms
— ~^ £ t v?iti£fti'W-« disease
/ yS*&v£r*3^{ J^-VV^ organs.
>^ Y'\ ""/ ] » wamine;,
/ \ ri A3 * neverthe-
; \ 'M -y.fi f ie»«.
it\ d \ $ ¦ HUDYAN
M 1 \ d brln&s
111 \ \ <f il i Prompt
i \n HUDYAN
- \J cures
1 uterine
/HUDYAN FOR WOMEN^ ovirian
V AH OniftCUta, sOc. / troubles.
HUDTA.» also cures palDitation of the
heart (fig. 1), choking sensations <nr. 2),
paJenese. emaciation (fig. 3): hollow eyes
<fig. 4). headache (fig. 5). cold extremities
(fig. 6). weak back (fig. 7). These are all
cymptoms of Female Weakness. HUD-
IAN cures, and permanently, too. Fe-
male complaint is nearly always associ-
ated with Nervous Disorder. The least
thing worries and excites the patient.
She is Irritable, melancholy, forgetful.
The smallest task seems wearisome.
Uterine or Ovarian trouble Is the cause
cf all this nine times out of ten.
Remember HUDYAN. It cures posi-
tively. HUDYAN brines back the glow
of health.
HUD VAN at drug stores— 6o cents a
package, six packages 52.50. If your drug-
gist does not keep it send direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. corner Stock-
ton. Ellis and Market streets, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
CONSUL I Hudyan Doctors.
FREE. Call or Write t0
a. them.
THE STARS AS TIMEKEEPERS.
They Are Much More Reliable Than
the Sun. :
Probably the majority of people sup
pose that the observatories obtain the
correct time from the sun. When the av
erage man wishes to give his watch the
highest praise he says "It regulates the
sun," not being aware that a watch which
would keep with the sun around the year
would have to be nearly as bad as Cap'n
Cuttle's. The farmer may safely decide
when to go in to dinner by the sun. but if
the mariner was as confident that the
sun marked always the correct time as
the farmer is he would be sure to be at
times two or three hundred miles from
where he thought he was. In other words,
the sun — that is, a sun dial— is only cor
rect on a few days In each year, and dur
ing the intervening times gets. as far as
a whole quarter hour fast or slow.
These variations of the sun from uni
form time caused no end of trouble be
tween the astronomers and the fine clock
makers before it was discovered that the
sun time Is subject to such irregularities.
The better the clock the worse it often
seemed to go. . .-
But as the variations In sun time are
now accurately known correct time might
be obtained from the sun by making
proper allowance were it not for the dif
ficulty of observing its position with suf
ficient exactness. The large disk of the
sun cannot be located as perfectly as can
the single point which a star make 3. For
this reason astronomers depend almost
wholly upon the stars for obtaining accu
rate time. It is the method of doing this
winch we propose to describe.
There are several hundred stars whose
positions have been established with the
greatest accuracy by the most careful
observations at a number of the prin
cipal observatories ,of the world. If a
star's exact position is known it can read
ily be calculated when it will cross the
meridian of any. given place— that is, the
instant it will cross a north and south line
through the place.' The data regarding
these stars are all published in the nauti
cal almanacs, which are got out by sev-
Acquitted of Murder.
MODESTO, Feb. 6.— The trial of Andrew
Boss for killing Edward Purcell at Oak
dale -last October, was concluded in the
Superior Court this afternoon. The jury
brought in a verdict of acquittal. Bos 3
claimed self-defense and testified that
Purcell was coming toward him in a
threatening manner with a bar of iron
when he shot. The jury wa3 out an hour.
Big Republican Rally.
ANGELS CAMP. Feb. 6.— Judson Brusie
of Sacramento and D. E. McKiniay of San
Francisco held a big Republican rally to
night. Both spoke at length on the issues
of the day and evoked frequent applause
from a large and enthusiastic audience.
After the meeting closed a Republican
club along national lines was organized,
with Frank Douglass as president and
Frank Egan as secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A RESTAURANT EPISODE.
A Sort of Straw Vote.
An advertising agent, representing a
prominent New York . magazine, while on
a recent "Western trip, was dining- ono
evening in a Pittsburg restaurant.
"While waiting for his order he glanced
over his newspaper and noticed the ad-
vertisement of a well-known dyspepsia
preparation, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
As he himself was a regular user of tha
tablets he began speculating as to how
many of the other traveling men in tho
dining-room were also friends of the pop-
ular remedy for indigestion.
lie say 3: "I counted twenty-three men
at the tables and In the hotel office I toolc
the trouble to Interview them and was
surprised to learn that nine of the twen-
ty-three made a practice of taking one
or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets af-
ter each mea!.
"One of them told me he had suffered so
much from stomach trouble that at ono
time he had been obliged to quit tha
road, but since using Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets had been entirely free from in-
digestion, but he continued their use. es-
pecially while traveling, on account of Ir-
regularity in meals and because. like all
traveling men, he was often obliged to
eat what he could get and not always
what he wanted.
"Another, who looked the picture of
health, saijl he never ate a meal without
taking a Stuart Tablet afterward because
he could eat what he pleased and when
he pleased, without fear of a sleepless
night or any other trouble.
Still another used them because he wa3
subject to gas on stomach, causing pres-
sure on heart and lungs, shortness of
breath and distress in chest, which he no
longer experienced since using the. tablets
regularly. ' ."-
"Another claimed that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets was the only eofa remedy
he had ever found for sour stomach and
acidity. He had formerly U3ed common
soda to relieve the trouble, but the tablets
were much better and safer to use."
Afater smoking, drinking or other ex-
cesses which weaken the digestive organs.
nothing restores the stomach to a
healthy, wholesome condition so effec-
tually as Stuart's Tablets.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain th«
natural digestives, pepsin, diastase, which
every weak stomach lack 3, as well as
nux. hydrastln and yellow parilla. ana
can be safely relied upon as a radical
cure for every form of poor digestion.
Sold by druggists everywhere.
A little book on stomach troubles mailed
free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co..
Marshall, Mich.
AMERICANS SLAIN OR
TAKEN BY FILIPINOS
MANILA. Feb. s.— The . Insurgents at
tacked the First Battalion of the Forty
ninth Infantry near Xias. A major and
a captain were wounded and one ser
geant was killed, but details of the en
gagement are lacking.
Ships arriving from Legaspl report that
General Pana concentrated a large force
around the town and made a sharp night
attack on Major Shipton's battalion of
the Forty-seventh Infantry, which occu
pied a large convent as a fort. One bat
talion and a battery have sailed as rein
forcements for Shipton. The casualties
are unknown.
A corporal and four men while patrol
ing the railroad near Mabacalat recently
disappeared, and are supposed to have
been captured. A searching party look
ing for them was ambushed and a cor
poral killed.
AMERICANS AMBUSHED
AND SIX ARE KILLED
MANILA,; Feb. 7, noon.— The Insurgents
on Monday captured a supply train of nln e
bull carts between Oranl and Dinalupijan.
killing a corporal and five privates of
Company G, Thirty-second Infantry. The
escort consisted of a sergeant and eleven
mounted men. The insurgents weakened
the supports of a bridge over a creek and
the first cart went into the stream. While
the escort was bunched trying to haul
the cart out of the water, the insurgents
fired a volley from the bushes, killing the
six Americans and also two native driv
ers.
eral different observatories for the us© of
navigators and all others who have use
for them. These stars are known aa
"clock stars." — Appleton's Popular Science
Monthly.
BRITISH GOVERNMENT
UPHELD IN THE COMMONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1900.
here, was received by the Transvaal Gov
ernment to-day and presented his cre
dentials. H© created an excellent impres
sion.
THREATENS THE BOER
RIGHT AT MAGERSFONTEIN
LONDON. Feb. 7. 4:20 a. m.— Lord Rob
erts has* caused to be distributed In the
towns bordering upon the invaded colo
nial territory an Invitation to Free Stat
ers .and Transvaalers to go Into the des
ert, offering them good treatment and a
restoration to their farms on the British
occupation of republican territory- The
manifesto guarantees that those bringing
horses can sell them. Foreigners will
have their passage paid to Europe. Co
lonial rebels are advised to surrender in
preference to being taken prisoners.
General Mac Donald, with 4000 infantry,
cavalry and artillery, threatens the Boer
right at Magersfontein. This is the first
sign of activity, on the part of Lord Me
thuen for some weeks and doubtless has
relation to the movements of the British
farther east. "
The Standard has received the follow
ing dispatch, dated Monday, February 5,
from Koppies Dam:
"General Mac Donald, with a brigade of
Infantry, a regiment of lancers and one
battery, has reached here from Modder
River camp, in what Is regarded as an
important movement to the right of the
Boer position at Magersfontein. Koppies
Dam commands the roads from Klmber
ley to Hopetown and Douglass. Two
Boer laagers, at Kamulhoek and Griqua
town, are within striking distance. The
arrival of General Mac Donald's column
was opportune, as it just prevented twb
large commandos effecting a luncture.
He now holds both banks of the river.
The lancers had two brushes with the
Boer patrols. There is great activity
among the enemy and strong forces are
concentrated to oppose our further ad
vance. The troops suffered from heat and
scarcity of water during the march."
WILKINSON'S MOST
SEVERE CRITICISM
LONDON, Feb. 7.— ln the absence of
war news this morning Spencer "Wilkin
son in the. Morning Post discusses the
problem of arming the nation at home.
He says:
"There is now such Intense and wide
spread interest in the army and its man
agement that the nation will have itself
to thank if the solving of the problem
should not be the history of the next few
months."
Ho proceeds to argue that "conscription
would be valueless unless the general
management of the army .were first re
modeled." On this point he says:
"A war office that for thirty years has
not known what to do with the volun
teers would not know what to do with the
half a million conscripts."
Mr. Wilkinson also discusses the use
of the bayonet, remarking:
"This weapon very seldom comes into
actual use. Its effect Is on the spirits of
both sides rather than on the bodies of
either. The British by using formations
fit for charging, but ndt for shooting.
AMALGAMATORS,
SAVE GOLD— Krcth Mfr. Co.. 9 Stevenson
st. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE IMPROVED rold separator and ro-
tary amalgamator now on exhibition. €S Ste-
venson St.
ftipp n Oil HI Corner Fourth and
CAFE Ro!nL«^£:
Wllla* 11U111L.50. overcoats and
Valise* checked free.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Lift Gold-Bearing Sands perfectly. In opera-
tion at C 5 Sixth et. BTItON JACKSON.
COKE! COKE!
P. A. McDOXALD.
Wholesale D-aler and Shipper of Cokt.
OFFICE. Sl3 FOLSOM ST.
ENGINES, BOILERS. ETC.
BAKEK & HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
lowest price* on the coast. Pine & Darli eta.
3Valentines, comic and sentimental; great
assortment. Sanborn, Vail ft Co.. 741 Mar-
ket street. . . ~j>:
Shoes at Almost Nothing.
The sale of shoes will commence to
morrow at 9a. m. Everybody rs welcome.
No preference will b« shown." Ladles' ties
tOe a pair. 717 Market fit, near Third. •
PIGGOTT MUST SERVE.
His Plea of Insanity Suffers a Knock-
Out.
John F. Piston, pickpocket and brother
of tho notorious thief • Annie Plpgott
Ftacds a good show of sen-ing seven"and
a half years In San Qutotln. the sentence
imposed upon him for his most recent of
f<*nsp. A few months ago. after sentence
had been imposed, a motion was mad«> by
defendant's counsel to commit him to"the
Insane asylum, from which he had es
caped. Judge Cook yesterday received a
copy of the records of the institution
which proved that Piggott was rpgalarly
discharged from the asylum Irt March of
IRS9. Under the circumstances the court
found that th^re was no course open for
the court but to send the defendant to
prison to serve out his time. Plggrott's
j)«l. Childs. has been breaking rock at
Folsom for come time past, and the
former stands a good chance to indulge
In the same labor. .' - "
PIONEERS TO THE FORE.
Resolutions to Preserve Telegraph
Hill and Calaveras Big Trees.
At a recent meeting of the Society of
California Pioneer held at Pioneer Hall a
re««olution was offered by John H. Jewett
declaring for the preservation of the Cal
avcras big trees, the tract of land on
•which they prow having recently been
purchased ard the .trees themselves
threatened with destruction. The follow
ing resolution was passed:
Resolved. That we are In favor of preserv
ing, «o far as compatible with the public In
terest, growth and progress of Pan Francisco,
the old landmark known as Telegraph Hill of
historic interest, from which was signal ?d the
Fteamer that brought the news of the admis
pion of California bs a State of the American
T'nlon; where thousands have been accuotorne.l
to congregate to witness the departar* and
return of our soldiers. If possible it should
be beautified and rendered attractive, com
manding, as. it does magrfifieent views' of San
Francisco Bay and vicinity.
BUCKEYE STATE REUNION.
Annual Banquet of the Ohio Society
of California.
About two hundred guests who are
proud to call the Buckeye State the land
of their birth gathered in the banquet
hall of the California Hotel last night to
Join in the annual Jinks of the Ohio So
ciety of California. The guest of the
evening was to have been Hon. F. X.
Schoonmaker, but in his unavoidable ab
sence the toast of "The Administration"
was given by General N. P. Chipman.
William H. Jordan acted as toastmaster
and opened the speechmaking with a trib
ute to the great State of Ohio and to some
of the notable people it had produced.
Rev. E. A. Woods proposed "Ohio, Our
Birthplace," and Major Grosbeck wel
comed the invited guests on behalf of the
society. Colonel J. P. Jackson gave the
toant "The Philippines," and voiced the
sentiment that the great man whom Ohio
had sent to the White House could be
safely trusted to handle the complicated
questions that our Eastern conquests haVe
brought up. "California, Our Home,"
gave ex-Mayor Davis of Oakland an op
portunity to say many good things of the
Golden State, and Rev. F. S. Brush
wound up the oratory with a few remarks
of the Presidents that Ohio had pro
duced.
Among those who sat down to .the feast
were:
William H. Jordan, B. B. Ha»kell, L. P. Mc-
Carty H A. Iddlngs, N. Arter, Mr. Hines,
E. J. Ensign. J. M. Long, G.- A. Scheer, H. H.
Colby (J. Heineman. F. A. Blocksome, R. K.
Dickinson. A. B. Capp. Major Whiteside. E.
BonneH. J. H. Baker, G. Nunes, E. W. Cur
rier, E. E. Ewing, F. Kingsbury, W. S. Maule,
W. E. JJndrak. W. S. Robs H. W. Thorp. W.
Ayern Dr. B. Coffman, J. W. Richards, B. F.
McKlnley. P. B. Fry. J. F. Ferguson, J. P.
Jackson, Rev. Mr. Brush. E. S. Baldwin. Mr.
Silverman. C. C. Wadsworth. A. G. Gohen,
O. B. Fogle, H. Help, A. W. Jackson, W. Fas
"nett. Charles Harlan. Dr. King, Dr. Martin,
H. G. Zeigler. J. B. Ptevens. J. G. Daub. Dr.
Pardee. J. E. Pardee. Dr. Cable. Dr. A. B. Me-
Gill, Major Monahan, Henry Frohmann, Mr.
Kaiser. Mr. Gardiner; J. P. Jackson Jr., Gen
eral N. C. Chipman. John T. Dare, J. E. Ba
ker. H. E. Van Buskirk, E. L. Keen.
The officers- of the society, who had
charge of the banquet and entertainment
were :
President. Benjamin B. Haeketf; vice presi
dents— Henry L. Tlckner. James Malcom
Gleaves, William H. Jordan: secretary. Louis
P. McCarty: financial secretary, Norman R.
Arter; treasurer, H. A. Iddlngs; executive com
mittee—J. W. . Richards, G. A. Scheer, Milton
E. Baker. E. J. Ensijm. John A. Whiteside;
auditing— E. P. Morey (chairman), F. A. Block
some. W. L. Maule; entertainment— Joseph A.
SUverman, Ph.G., M.D. (chairman). H. H.
Colby. Edward L. Baldwin: extension of mem
bership—Henry Hilp (chairman). Theodore F.
George, Sylvenus W. Payne, J. M. Long. C. C.
Wadnworth, M. D. Norman R. Arter officiated
as roaster of ceremonies.
Sold Liquor Illegally.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PASADENA, Feb. 6.— Having stamped
out the blind pigs, the polite have begun
to raid the drug stores which sell liquor
Illegally. It Is against the law to sell
liquor without a prescription, but the law
has been violated for a long time. Last
night Asbury G. Smith and J. W. Woods,
clerk, were arrested and arraigned, giv
ing bonds. Complaints were sworn to by
M. Richardson of Los Angeles, who came
from Los Angeles to have a good time.
The police had watched him and saw
where he got the stuff, then the Marshal
persuaded him to peach on his hosts.
New Hospital for Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Feb. 6.— The Roman Cath
olics plan to start a fine hospital In this
city. Mother Joakim, sister superior of
•Mercy Home, Los Angeles, and assistants
have been looking over the field and will
acquire for hospital use the old St. An
drew's Church, which waa abandoned
when the new brick church on North Fair
Oaks avenue was completed a few months
ago. They propose to use this temporarly
and later build a handsome edifice. The
hospital at San Bernardino will then be
transferred here.
Arrested for Forgery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. 6.— Deputy Sheriff
Anderson returned from Sacramento to
day with a prisoner named Joe NaranJo
a Chilean, who is wanted for forgln^ an
order on tho superintendent of Horst
Brothers' hopyards. He haß confessed bis
crime and says he will plead guilty.
Victorious Olympians.
The Olympic Club's Indoor baseball team
defeated the Young Men's Christian As
sociation team last night In the Olympic
Club gymnasium. The score was a close
one _l4 to 13. James of the Olympics con
tributed two home runs. The umpires
were E. McShane and Wallace Taylor.
The teams lined up:
T. M. C. A. Positions. Olympic.
Goodrich I*l tc her James
Scott ....Catcher ......,,. ...Follansbee
Morton .....First bAge..........Monaghan
Burke Second base Butz
Stouttenberc Third base Hanrahan
Shaw...* nißht field Fuller
Toohey I,eft field.. Stack
De Witt.. Center field Cartwright
FLY-CASTERS
NAME DATES
OF CONTESTS
Elect Officers for the Ensuing
Term and Fix Conditions
Governing Casting.
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of the San Francisco Fly-casting
Club was held last night in the assembly
room, Mills building. AValter D. Mans
field, who has done so much toward the
development of the pastime of fly-casting,
was- re-elected to the presidency. The
other officers are: F. H. Reed, vice presi
dent; Horace Smyth, secretary; Herman
Muller, treasurer, Charles Huyck was
appointed acting secretary in the absence
of Mr. Smyth in the East. The executive
committee consists of Colonel George C.
Edwards, James S. Turner, John P. Bab
cock, Edward Everett and C. G. Young.
Tha . rules governing . contests and the
dates for this year's competitions, aa sug
gested by the executive committee, were
adopted with only minor changes. The
tendency throughout was to raise the
standard required to qualify for the vari
ous classes and to place the pastime on a
still higher plane. The contests will be
held at Stow Lake on the second and
fourth Saturday and Sunday in each
month until the Ist of October.
It was decided that contestants shall be
allowed five minutes to cast for distance,
with no time allowance for replacing a
lost fly. It was found that on an average
only half this time was required. To cor
rect an abuse which might develop it was
decided that not more than sixty feet of
line, including leader, shall be extended
beyond the tip of the rod when contest
ant makes his first cast. Contestants will
not be allowed to extend their lines along
the bank of the lake more than sixty feet
during the casting. =-.
A. E. Lovett was made captain of the
Saturday contests and T. W. Brotherton
captain of those held on Sunday.
Dr. W. E. Brooks was elected a member,
while other names were received and
placed on the waiting list. The member
ship reached the limit of 100 some time
since, and, -like public servants, few die
and. none resign.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tom Collins' Rider Suspended.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 6.— Cathedral,
which was run up $300 and bought in, and
Parakeet were the only winning favorites
to-day. Tom Collins' defeat in the han
dicap, in which he was backed from 3 to
2 to 3 to 5, was a severe blow to the bet
tins public, and after the race W. W.
Woods, who rode him, was suspended by
the stewards. The weather was rainy
and the track sloppy. Results:
Seven furlongs— Cathedral won. Elkin second,
Judse Quigley third. Time, 1:32 V». - *
Mile and an eighth. Belling-. Maldstone wo.n.
Dr. Dannie second, Tom Gilmore third. Time,
2:02.
One mile. Felling. Trust Me won. George B.
Cox second. Quanah Parker third. Time, 1:46.
Handicap, six furlongs, Belle of Memphis
won. Ix<rd Fairfax second. Agitator third.
Time, 1:17;
One mile. Belling, Parakeet won, Martha Fox
second. Jennie F third. Time, VAX.
Six and one-half furlongs, Lovable won, Azua
second. Belle of Holmdell third. Time, 1:24%.
FIGHT AGAINST THE
POOLROOMS RENEWED
Citizens of Sausalito Very Much In
terested in the Forthcoming
Municipal Election.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, Feb. 6.-«-Hlll tribe and
water front will shortly war on the ques
tion as to whether or not the poolrooms
are to run here this summer. Three mem
bers of the present Board of- Trustees-
John H. Dickinson, Dr. C. H. Crumpton
and J. Majorhausen, all sturdy supporters
of the poolroom cohorts— have signified
their intention of retiring. At last night's
meeting of the board a resolution was
passed calling for the election of three
Trustees, Marshal, Clerk, and Treasurer,
to be held some time next month.
Trustee Sylva, the most notorious friend
of the Harvey-Harrison clique, states em
phatically that the places vacated by the
trio will be filled with a water front ticket
of gamblers' supporters. Who these are
Sylva refuses to state. On the other hand,
the hill-tribe contingent are equally con
fident of driving out the sports and enter
tain no doubt but that victory will perch
upon their banners. As the poolroom pro
prietors last year made an avowed profit
of $00,000 there is no likelihood of their
letting such a prize go without a struggle.
The election promises to be one of the
most exciting ever held here, as both sides
are determined to fight the matter to the
bitter end.
MAY COMPROMISE.
Shippers and Railroad Officials to
Meet in Conference-
LO9 ANGELES, Feb. 6.— Paul Morton,
first vice president of the Santa- Fe Rail
way Company, had a short conference
with Secretary Wiggins of the local
Chamber of Commerce to-day in regard
to the controversy between the rallroad3
and fruit shippers over the routing of
fruit cars. Mr. Morton has consented to
meet a delegation of the shippers ami it
is probable another conference will bo
held shortly. Mr. Morton, in an Interview,
said that the Santa Fe line will be opened,
to San Francisco about May 1 and that a
party of railway men, including President
Rlpley. will probably be here at that time.
PICTURES WILL TELL THE
STORY OF A GREAT FIGHT
JEFFRIES AWAITS THE ONSET OF SHARKEY.
From a copyright photograph by the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company
THE . pictures of the championship fight between Jeffries and Sharkey
In the arena of the Coney Island Sporting Club on November 3 last will
be shown for the first time in this city at the Alhambra Theater next
Sunday afternoon. The film secured at the ringside by tho American
Biograph Company contains 216,000 distinct pictures, it being over seven miles
long.
The fight, from the time the first man entered the ring until the end came,
lasted just .100 minutes. Every move made by the principals in that time
is depicted on the screen. According to the friends of Sharkey, the sailor
received the worst of the decision from Referee Siler. In support of this
claim they offer the pictures of the fight in evidence. The pictures will
be shown afternoon and evening for two weeks. To. persons who have
never seen a prize-fight these views should prove of especial Interest.
The whole scene. is spread out before them vividly, lacking only the sounds
of the blows and the cries of the spectators to complete the effect. »'-
DALY'S THREATS
AGAINST CLARK
Declared His Foe Would
Never Be Seated.
WASHINGTON. Feb. «g-A b «.°
witnesses were before the Senate Commit
tee on Privileges and Elections In connec
tion with the investigation of the election
of Hon. W. A. Clark to the Senate from
Montana. Amcrg them were State Sen
ator Cullon. State Representative Mc-
Laughlin. Ben Falk and Harry Rtejrwalt.
Cullon testified that P^ous to the
meeting of the Legislature Uarna Dah
had told him that if Clark were elected
to the Senate he should not take his Beat
and that his supporters would ba de
nounced as bribe-takers. , .
McLaughlln was put on to 1 " 5 ?." 0
testimony of Speaker Stiff of t he o^°":
tana Legislature concerning ths sale or
Umber lands to Clark just .before the
opening of the session of the Legislature.
He said that he had sold his land to ClarK
fcr $24,000. or much less than its proper
valuation; that he made the sale through,
Bickford. and that in making it he naa
not discussed the United States Senatorial
contest with Bickford.
Ringwalt told of a conversation wnicn
he had with Whiteside before the meet
ing of the Legislature, in which the latter
told him that there was to be a big sensa
tion in connection with Clark s Senatorial
race, and that $50,000 would be spent in t.
During the day the letter from Bic*
ford, which was opened in Campbell s or
flce while in the hands of Ben Hill, was
put in evidence. The committee de
clined to go Into the corelative- questions
bearing upon the legislative elections in
Montana in 1539.
Soldier in Critical Condition.
Floyd Miller, a soldier recently from the
Philippines, is lying: at the Receiving Hos
pital In a precarious condition. He was
found last niffht in an unconscious condi
tion on Van Ness avenue, between Bush
and Pine streets, and sent to • the hos
pital. He showed symptoms of poisoning:
and received the usual treatment from
the physicians in charge, but had not re
gained consciousness at an early hour this
morning. -It is believed that "knock-out
drops" were administered to the unfortu
nate fellow by persons who had designs
on his money. Miller was paid off to-day
and received $21. but whe-n he arrived In
the hoepltnl he had only. 65 cents on his
person. The police are investigating the
case.
0® ©o ,® ©® ®®® ® ® ® ©00® o©o©o©©©©©©®®®®®®®®® ©000® 0000®® ©00©© o®©®®©© '®o®©®®fsifsiffi^^r>r^^>
, \mJ \*J
® ©
iDr. McLausrhlin's Victory I
® My Electric Belt has not only effected very astonishing enree, yn* ©
®" but is daily proving victorious over pain and disease. It carries ((tU^v^, 4^?ss***. j&fi^^* ®
© with it the same magnetic charm, the same curative power as '%
® ever, and shows itself the grandest remedy in the medical world z/vL. %^^^^^^^m^i J I ®
® The status and reputation of //^rl^f^'^^^^^^L )) ®
'•» Have passed unscathed thro' the fiery ordeal of a court of justice, \ \jSI« 0
I Dissolving the Injunction s^r \jSMsj&s^t, ,_- 1
® Affirms that there is nothing in my methods from which I should /^^Msf C^T -/» iP^^^i^^rV -^ %
®be enjoined, but that lam fully entitled to those rights which have (J®£>J AJ ' '^^(^^^O^"^^ ©
®, accrued from my years of medical and scientific labor. In my grand W\ v ' T»^ji^Jyi^^>^s ®
| work tho extraordinary demand for my appliances is increasing. V^^l 'i V3f?S^»SS'SPBfc % %
@ The Belt, bearing my brand, has the only battery with my newly Xr^^J^M S^^^^** |
© invented improvements; and its continuous success is proof of its - M% /^lk v - • ®
© wonderfully curative power. By -my special way of using Elec- seW- .^* ©
® tricity I absolutely cure RHEUMATISM, KIDNEY TROUBLE and all nerre-vitaJ derangements of man and woman. |
® Restored His Strength ~~~ ~t. Call and see my latest improved Belt. Take a Trial Electric ©
® dr m a MdADonm d« , "??"'^/^ ftl ' Frt ' * 1M0 ' Treatment Free, or send f or illustrated book, mailed free. ! ®
• j, . I -. A ' McI^UGnLLN— Dear Sir: I bay* used your Belt now for about one montb. • . ®
® and it has done wonfters for m*. As a «»neral lnTigrorator It lias no equal, and It Is worth _ '-'^
U and lay It all to joar woadortal B*lt. TWT W may refer ur.oarto S*. Yours rerr truly; . \JY. 111. A. MCLclUfif 111111, »«diek Block, cor. Spring w4 Becsai ©
)r __-¦.¦'"'_.__" • OaLAKPO BPBAGDB. % . .O ' Bti., Los Angeles. 0
¦ ¦¦...•¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ - ... ¦ - ,-•--¦.
Self respect Is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky.- ; ; ¦;"•,• •
The largest city in the country in Wash-
ington's time was Philadelphia. It had
69,000 inhabitants. ' ,;...
Continued on Eleventh Page.
Billy Delaney Back.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6.— Billy Delaney, the
former trainer for Jim Jeffries, has re
turned from Cripple" Creek. Colo. He
cays that the fight between Jeffries and
Corbett will not take place in San Fran
cisco, but will occur In the East. • The
most money is around New York for such
an event, he declared, and for that rea
son the managers of the contest will
never consent to come West.
BOXER M'DONALD TO
MEET "SOLDIER" GREEN
Jack McDonald, the young boxer who
won honors in the amateur championship
tournament at the Olympic Club last year,
will make his debut as a professional to
night. Ho will meet "Soldier" Phil Green
in the arena of the Columbia Athletic
Club on Golden Gate avenue to-night.
Green is a veteran of the ring and on his
past performances has been Installed a
strong favorite. At Harry Corbett's last
night the odds' were 10 to 6. In the part
mutuel betting both men were In demand,
although In this also Green was the more
favored.
There will be two preliminary bouts, the
opposing boxers being Joe Bell and Kid
Johnson and Billy Springfield and Charles
Thurston.
SENSATIONAL TESTIMONY
AGAINST A SHERIFF
Accused of Insulting 1 a Lady and
Urging Her to Desert Her Hus
band in His Necessity.
OROVILLE. Cal., Feb: 6.-Sensatlonal
allegations against Sheriff Wilson of
Butte County marked the close of the
testimony in the Rodley case to-day.
Mrs. 'Rodley was placed upon the stand
and stated that the Sheriff had insulted
her . In his private office, had kissed and
caressed her, had put his arm around her
and had advised her to let the doctor go
to prison, saying that he would look out
for her and would have ncr children ed
ucated, "v „- ¦
The counsel for the prosecution. Major
A. F. Jones, spoke for two hours and was
followed' by George Collins of San Fran
cisco, counsel for the defense. He was
taken ill while speaking and court ad
journed until to-morrow to give him time
to recuperate.
Gompers in Havana.
HAVANA, Feb. 6.— Samuel Gompers,
president of the* American Federation of
Labor, who arrived here' recently from
New York, was to-day given a reception
by the Havana workmen at their head
quarters. Gompers, it is said intends to
explain to the Cuban workfngmen the
methods employed by the worklngmcn of
the United States and to aid in obtaln'ng
laws looking to the protection of the lives
of employes, the sanitary inspection of
workshops and factories and the prohibi
tion of child labor.
• . •
Attempted to End His Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. 6.— J. F. Fincher
of Wheatland, a laborer, -was found lying:
unconscious in the lane leading from
Wheatland to Bear River about 10 o'clock
this morning. Finchar had severed the
main artery of his left arm and was slow
ly bleeding to death. He was taken to
Wheatland. The physicians have some
hope of his recovery. He gave no reason
for his act other than that he was tired
of life. Finchor has resided near Wheat
land for a number of years.
COURT NOTES.
Louise G. Kennedy was yesterday given
judgment by a Jury in Judge Hunt's court
against John Lee for $10,000. Lee, It was
proven, was the holder of mining stock
valued at $100,000, in which the plaintiff
had an interest valued at $10,000. The
mine, on which the entire valuation of
the stock was- placed, was recently sold
to Hayward & Lane, and the plaintiff
then demanded her share of the proceeds.
Her claim was repudiated and she filed
suit with the result as stated. .
Whether or not jurors when deliberat
ing on verdicts are entitled to their meals
will be determined soon by reason of a
precedent established by Judge Cook yes
terday. Ernest Fuhrman, charged with
the crime of grand larceny, occupied the
attention of a jury yesterday, and when
the hour for the noon meal arrived the
court, ordered the Sheriff to take the
twelve good men and true to luncheon.
A plea was made by the Sheriff that as
the charter made no provision for jurors'
meals if he fed them he would be out
that much in pocket. The court was ob
durate, however, and ordered the jurors
fed, and said that in event the Sheriff
failed to obey the order of court he would
call upon the Coroner to arrest him for
contempt of court. This threat had the
desired result, and now the Sheriff must
sue the city to recover the amount ex
pended in purchasing a banquet for the
jurors of Cook's court.
FIXED THE DUES OF THE
COMMERCIAL MUSEUM
ADVTSOBY COMMITTEE PASSES
ON GOVERNING BULES.
Discussed the Question of Delin
quents and the Bights of Mem
bers Who Go Out of
Business.
The advisory committee of the Pacific
Commercial Museum Committee on pro
motion met at S o'clock yesterday after
noon at the Board of Trade rooms to i
finally adopt the rules of government for
the proposed institution.
To provide for the raising of funds to
carry out the project it was decided that
the promotion committee should appoint
a finance committee, consisting of nine
members and sixty additional ones to so
licit subscriptions. These solicitors will
operate all over the Pacific Coast.
At the opening of the meeting a letter
from William P. Wilson, one of the direc
tors of the Philadelphia Commercial Mu
seum, was read. It extended the courte
sies of that body to any committee the
San trancisco organization might send
there.
The most discussion was held on the
subject of Initiation fees and dues. Mr. I
de Vouag'f idt-a. that members outside
this city should pay only half what those
residing here paid was voted down, it be
ing the opinion of the majority of those
present that all members should pay
alike. The dues were finally fixed at *6 a
month for all members, and a rule was
adopted that when any one was three
months In arrears he could be expelled at
the discretion of the board of governors,
which board could then proceed to en
force the payment by the defaulting mem
ber of all money due up to the end of his
Jive-year contract. It was decided that
the initiation fee Fhould be $C 0 to any one
Joining before the formal opening of the
museum and $IW> after that. This, It was
thought, would cause interested parties
to join at once. Dues will not begin to be
payable until after the opening, which it
was decided should take, place one year
from now.
The clause providing that no special
privileges- nor information should be fur
nished any one was adopted, with the
amendment that those caring to pay addi
tional for such privileges and information
could have them.
Mr. Sachs urged that a rule be adopted
providing that no member nor person go
ing out of business should be compelled
to pay dues afterward. He said some
firms and business men would not join
unless this was agreed to. This rule was
adopted.
The clause giving city members special
privileges in the matter of voting was
amended so all members could have equal
rights in that line.
The committee decided that the first
president, vice president and board of
governors should be Hected by the pro
moters ard should hold office for one,
year after the formal opening, after which
twenty -one governors should be elected,
seven of them to go out of office each
year.
ANDRISA A
SPRINTER OF
SOME CLASS
Proved an Easy Winner of
the Handicap at Oakland.
Record Lowered.
The three-year-old filly Andrisa, owned
by "Mike" Fox, the Celtic wit of Rancho
del Paso, exhibited her speed to excellent
advantage in the six-furlong handicap at
Oakland yesterday. Trained by Walter
Jennings, the 109 pounds rested very light
ly on her back, and a- 13 to 10 favorite,
she won with Spencer holding her in re
serve. Ben Ledi, after racing Frank Bell
to a standstill, stayed with her work
gamely, downing Loving Cup a neck for
place.
Followers of favorites had nothing to
complain of,; aa four choices scampered
In before their fields. The weather was
warm and the track faster than on the
preceding day. . >' ¦'• .
Quite recently Dogtown showed to some
advantage in a race, and in the opening
run- the bay horse went to the post a
9 to 5 choice, played down from 4. Plg
gott soon ha&>-him in front and he won
ridden out a length before ! the 10 to 1
shot Twinkle TwTnk. The show fell to
New Moon.
In the two-year-old dash Tom Griffin's
filly, Laura Marie, was brought to a hard
drive to beat the 30 to 1 shot. Corn Cake,
a nose. The winner was a 3 to 5 favorite,
and in doing tho trick lowered the coast
record for three and a half furlongs to
41^ seconds. Count Hubert, the second
choice, ran a fair third. r - V ¦ ¦
Tuthlll looked the best of the eight
starters in the third event, receiving
heavy support at odds of 4 to 5. At the
end Redwald gave the first choice quite
an argument, but the last few yards
Stfencer, on the former, gave it up, losing
by a length. Show honors fell to Allenna.
Quoted at 10 to 1 during one stage of
the betting. Rio Chico led from start to
finish in the mile and a furlong selling
affair. The chestnut received nice hand
ling at Jenkins' hands, winning by a
length without punishment. Behind him
Coda, Perseus and Tom Calvert fought
it out, short heads apart, in the order
named. * _
In the concluding mile run, Formero
let his backers down hard. An even
money choice, he led to the paddock,
where he was passed and . beaten In a
canter by Olinthus. D\l Paso took, care
of the others.
Track Notes.
W. J. Spiers, well known as the owner
TOMMY BURNS
IS SEVERELY
DEALT WITH
The California Jockey Club
Stewards Restrict His
Riding to Schorr Stable.
The touch of San Francisco high Ufa In
dulged in by Jockey Tommy Burn*, the
crack light-weight of the Middle West,
was pleasant and invigorating, but aa
events have developed altogether too ex
pensive. At a meeting held last evening
by. the board of stewards of the California
Jockey Club the riding of Burns. was re
stricted to the firms of Burns & W.ater
house and John F. Schorr & Son to May
4, and for the balance of the year
Tommy can pilot the horses of the Schorr
stable only. This ruling means the loss
of many hundreds of dollars to the young?
man, as- his services were In g^eat de
mand on the other side of the Rockies,
where he Is a big public favorite.
Burns is under contract to tho Mem
phis firm of J. F. Schorr & Son. at a
large yearly salary. Under the terms of
a special agreement the Jockey was al
lowed to come to California and ride for
Burns & Waterhouse, that firm enjoying
first call, even though the Memphis turf
men sent a stable here to race. Burns
scored a pronounced hit on his first ap
pearance at Oakland, immediately becom
ing a turf idoL Then . there came a re
action. His work became slovenly, and
It was hinted about that Tommy was a
too frequent starter in midnight handi
caps. To his credit, however, it can be
said, he did not pick his mounts, appar
ently being willling to toss the leg up on
."any old kind of a horse" that looked to
have a chance.
Shortly before the close of 1599 Burns re
fused to ride Sly in a race at Oakland,
when ordered to do so by the Judges. In
stead ho donned his street clothes, took
an early boat across the bay, and the
next day left on a duck-hunting trip. For
this breach, of turf etiquette he was indef
initely suspended, and until last evening
his fate was held in the balance. A ride
Tommy furnished on Dr. Bernays, when
that horse ruled favorite in the "betting on
December 23 last, caused considerable ad
verse comment at the time, and at last
night's investigation the rider was close
ly questioned in regard to it.
Among those called by the stewards
was Charley Ellison, the close friend and
adviser of Burns," who stated that on the
day Dr. Bernays was defeated he had bet
$200 on the horse. Ellison felt much down
cast over the trouble Burns found him
self in, and says he tried hard to get
Tommy to mend his ways. He made none
of the boy's engagements and seemed
more grieved over the whole affair than
the disciplined rider himself.
At the same meeting the stewards made
the suspension against Albert Songer In
definite. Songer was set down for sev
eral lazy looking saddle efforts.
FIGHTERS
STILL FAIL
TO AGREE
National Club's Increased Bid
Does Not Tempt Cor
bett's Manager.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NITW YORK, Feb. 6.— Where th© light
between Jeffries and Corbett will take
place Is still a matter of doubt. Brady
produced a telegram from Gibbs of San
Francisco raising the bid of the National
Athletic Club of that city to 75 per cent,
and claimed that as that was the highest
bid and as the club had deposited a certi
fied check for $2500 the National Club was
entitled to the" battle, according to the
articles of agreement. It developed that
Brady held a half interest in the National
Athletic Club, and he acknowledged that
fact, but said it had no bearing on the
situation.
Manager Consldine held that an offer
of CO per c»nt from any club in or near
this city would be a better one than the
offer of even 90 per cent from any Cali
fornia club.
In regard to Considlne'B charge that
Jeffries was about to take an unfair ad
vantage of Corbett by going to San Fran
cisco at once, so as to become acclimated,
Brady said he would sign an agreement
that Jeffries would not arrive in San
Francisco until Corbett did.
Manager Considine said he would advise
Corbett not to fight in San Francisco.
It is expected that Considine will put In
a satisfactory offer from the Seaside Ath
letic Club at to-morrow's meeting. Man
ager Considine explains his position in
the following letter:
Sine» the close of bids for the Jeffries-Cor
bett flKht on . Friday, I have learned from a
very reliable source that two big bids which
came from the Carnival Athletic Club and the
National Athletic Club, both of San Francisco,
were prearranged affairs instituted by "Billy"
Brady, who, 1 am informed, is Interested In
both clubs. ¦-•-.
My informant also tells me that Jeffries,
who is at present at Hot Springs, will leave
In a day or so for San Francisco to get accli
mated so as to.be fit and strong to flfiht Cor
bett, should by any chance the battle be fought
there. '
.As Corbett' s manager, I am opposed to «iy
man nehtin* In San Fran.clsoo, thousands of
miles from this olty. The contest should be
fought In this vicinity. •• * '¦•
My reason for making this statement is that
I firmly believe the otters "of the Broadway
Athletic Club and the Seaside • Athletic Club
of fiO per cent of the gross receipts are better
Incentives by lonr odds than 90 per cent, or
even a $20,000 purse, offered by California clubs,
and no one is . better acquainted with that' fact
than Mr. Brady. i ;
If Jeffries is sincere In his desire to fight
Corbett. why doesn't he box him In New York
instead of Ean Francisco?
This contest I consider the most Important
of either CorbetVs or Jeffrie* 1 ' career. I leave
It to 'the s-eneral public If I am not right in
my demand. GEORGE F. CONSIDINB.
TO CONTROL
CALIFORNIA
BIKE RACES
National Cycling Association
Extends Its Sway to This
Coast.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.-The National
Cycling Association opened Its annual
meeting in this city to-day. Q«orge G.
Greenburg presided In the absence or
Fred B House, president of the associa
tion A. G. Batchelder, chairman of the
board of control, read a statement show
ing a membership of ninety, distributed
offlcTfs for the ensuing
year, were elected: John A. Blakerock.
president; Charles Blcrenecke. vice presi
dent; James L. Allen, second vice presi-
I dent; Clarence McGuire, secretary; A. G.
I Batchelder, chairman of the board of con
! trol and treasurer of the association.
1 The constitution was- amended by re
1 ducing the entrance fees for bicycling as
sociations from $25 to $10. Batchelder pre
sented a statement showing what had
been done in a financial way during 1899.
The amount of money given in profes
sional races was $59,407. The- amount of
money given In prizes for amateurs was
$21 ,000*. The number of amateur registra
tions was 1421, professional registrations
107. Batchelder then presented the report
of the board of control. In part It says:
Ourir.K the first year of its extst*no«» the
National Cy<~linff Association has embraced
nearly I<W bicycle tracks, bicycle clubs and
bicycle race-promotlnff associations. The nego
tiations with the California amateur cycling
clubs have progressed to such an extent that
the receipt of an official notification .of the
transfer of the control of the sport on the
Pacific Slope may "be expected. An understand
ing hap tx*»n reached with the Southern Cy
clists.' Association, and with this accomplished
the National Cycling Association will have
extended its Jurisdiction to cover ths entire
country. Foreign recognition has been prac
tically obtained.
MIDWINTER SPORTING EVENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 7, 1900.
THIS CITY WILL
KEEP THE TRADE.
OF BAKERSFIELD
Los Angeles Defeated
on Tariff.
VALLEY RATES NOT CHANGED
«
LABGE VOLUME OF BUSINESS AT
STAKE.
The objectionable railway 'tariff that
would have practically shut San Francis
co out of the trade of Bakersfield and t;it=
criminated against this city as far norrh
in the San Joaquin Valley us Modesto will
not go into effect. Dispatches bringing
the news were received yesterday morning
from Messrs. Stubbs. Sproule and Bissell,
representing the Southern Pacific and
Sasta Fe roads. A teleprara received by
A. A. Watkins of the Boara of Tra.'.e
from J. C. Stubbs was as follows: "Pro
posed tariff to San Joaquin Valley points
will Dot be adopted. Publication was a
mistake." A joint dispatch was also re
eclvfd from Messrs. Bif=K»>ll and Sproule,
which read: "Proposed tariff to which you
object will not be put in force." Similar
dispatches were sent to the Chamber of
Commerce and the Manufacturers' eirl
Producers' Association, those organiza
tions having united with the Board of
Trade in making: protest against the
tariff.
- This Fettles the matter, and also bring*
to a close an Interesting chapter of rail
way history in the State. Before the Val
ley road was operated to Bakersfield Ljo»
Angeles had an advantage in the matter
of freights over San Francisco, and so
was able to do a considerable business in
the San JotKjuin Valley. The Valley road
<Hd this city a service in lowering the
rates to Bakorsfuld. Recently the Ban
Francisco merchants have had an advan
tage on one class of freight and Los An
geles an advantage on another. About a
yoar ego the lx>s Anpeles merchants in
effectively tried to persuade the Southern
Pacific Company to put into effect sub
stantially the fsme tariff that by reason
of the. protest made by San Francisco has
just been shelved.
• The- interests, involved are larger than
mig-ht be guessed by a casual .reader. It
is estimated by a;merchant, who is w-11
informed, that the trade of Bakersfteld
alone Is worth from IUEOOjOOO to-$2,000.»K>
to San Francisco per annum. The trade
of other points which were affected by the
tariff Is equally large, and San Francisco
stood to lose net less than $4/»0,000 in its
annual volume- of trade. The Los Angeles
people, already sore over the routing ques
tion, will be disappointed at the result of
the attempt to take away the trade terri
tory of San Francisco.
M CHICHESTEH-3 CNGUSH
pENHYROYAL PILLS
•ffr7Si>JNBAIX. >lw»». r»!i»M« Ladle*, uk Pni«ftt
AJ>^Sml * r CIHCimSTEK'S ESGIASU
fr">U?V£? > 3\ la i:EI> ml told m«t*llie boxes m*:*i
—^BfiJ'ttaWMribbos. Take bo other. ReftiM
TH V* *SJ 1*""»«»'*»»« ""uWltlltlati* Bad lmlts-
[lT fg ttmmm. Bay »f jo»r Brwuui. or and -««. tm
l»' rf • t *J ßp * D * > , r . *"••*••¦«•»•. T««tl»««UU
ViTV f? *Bd ** Relief for Ladlr«,'*<«l«tMr f b7r«.
f/ t»r» Mali. lO.OOO TminwaiaU. SoUbr
> — *"i «ll Dm«i.u. Chl«he«t«r Chemical Cad.
Mottlaa IMJ pmp«r. Madiao* S«amre. FlillLv* rSI
INO OTHER DOCTORS!
I Will Make Such an Offer. §
13 PR, 2IEYERS ft CO.' 9 ratJents nay H
H deposit the price of a euro la any San a
H Francisco bask, to be paid only after the/ H
B are well, or pay In monthly Installments, m
X No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price. H
1 Tlisj Care tba Following Ailments: 1
B Private Diseases Blood Poison H
H Nervous Debility Bladder Diseases I)
w Hydrocile, Spine Diseases y
8 Varicocele Heart Diseases H
g Kidney Diseases Lost Manhood El
| Borne Cares — Free Book. 1 1
I Thousands of men are cur<*rt at home n
n every y*ax. Writs for free private book, Kj
H advice, question list, etc $_"
IDR. MEYERS & CO., 1
fl T3I MARKET ST., S. F. ll
Q Hours. Bto 5 daily, 7to S evenings, • H
H to 11 Sundays. Elevator entrance. H
%4HHns^feK^^B3sß£JMu2ttHs3iMaE£aß3^KuHMKS&tt»
MONYON'S INHALER
CURES
CATARRH
§ Colds, Coughs,
Hay Fever, Bron-
chitis, Asthma
and all Diseases
ot the Throat and
Clouds of Medicated Vapor tr» Inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and raporlzlng all the Inflamed
and diseased parts which cannot be> reached by
medlelne taken. Into the stomach.
It reaches the utrre spots — It heals the raw
places— lt goes to the seat of disease— lt acts as
a balm and tonic to the whole spxtem — f 1.00 at
druggists or sent by mail. ISOS Arch St., I'hiU*.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
Ch 1351 JUSZX7 st. *». e-ii ra. &r.&L i
tX^ The Largest Anatomical Museum b the \
t£*A&*± World. %Ve»kn«sw or any c^nnacttd m
dtSiBB disene r* <lti " l rnr*'.'>r the oldest *
ISgl i>p*ciiii»«ea iluCutl Esc. 36 year*. •
J^l OR. JO3DAN-PRIYATE DISEASES t
f A£y)S Consultation free *nd tnirtly pH<r»* \
1 xyjy a Tr* itment personally or by letter. A M
¦ y D fo»./>»« Cur* in evcrj cue nadsrukaa. Y~
rif 11 &> w »*e for Dook, PniLOSOraVff i
i I MARBUGE. MAILED FIU (Af
Q 11. valuable book for mraj \
tilt. JORI)A.> I ACO .lOMilartetSt-.S. F. f
yvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvwwv^
**23pJB*P INJECTION. I
I A PERMANENT CURE I
J i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrtues J j
,» and Gleet, jraaranteed In from 3 to 6 C
j | days ; no otner treatment required. . - <
111 1 Sold by all druggists. S
iUrifEIICE'S
j«SP FAVORITE
JL r~OR WEAK WOMEN.
fW-grr,™.. tionot si v c oV • SSH
HV«^rHEEyAH3CHEMiriiC3. brands. aoo-«atrin«ens.
ss * ld b » o»«itstiiu,
V. 7. A. 3ffi| °l sp n' tn rUin wrapper,
4[Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt!
• ?;. ?; FREE TRIAL TREATMENT
1 >Ml§m^ OF THIS GREAT APPLIANCE.
O i^R^^^^-^^S^ Experts have pronounced its cures as marvelous, many of
• /iSl^^SiniS^^^®^ them having been effected after years of long standing. It is
® /J^° R -SA|lii^'^' -'*iC*\ within your power now to test the value of this wonderful
© 1 ''\ appliance, free of charge. No static machine, but an honest
S M vi^^f^^^^^^'^^-^^ tr i a ' °^ m Y famous body battery. The current from my
f^l|j|p^ DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT,-
O "¦• When applied according to my directions, forces itse.f into all
J parts of the body in such a manner as to make failure impossible. Over 8000 cures for 1899/
• being more than made by all other electric belts and appliances put together.
• Write to-dayjor free book, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," which explains all, or call at my
• office and test the current. If living out of. town, Twill send the Belt free of charge for examination
•and test. Consultation and ad vice, free. Office hours — 9 to 8; Sundays, io.to 1.
'•:¦". • NEVER SOLD-.IN DRUG STORES.
2 DR T A SANDEN 6 o'F4ffi?£LL street,
©) \\9% SOUTH SPRINO STREET, LOS ANOELES, CAL. RUSSEL BUILDINO. PORTLAND. 05.
Died in a Buggy.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PASO ROBL.ES, Feb. 6.— Sam Wiener, a
native of Pennsylvania, who was visiting
friends near Creston In this county, waa
out hunting yesterday afternoon In a
horse and carriage and not returning at
night search for the missing man was in
stituted by the Ernst brothers, who havo
large ranches near Creston. This morn
ing the body of Wiener was found about a
mile southeast from the Geneseo school
house, lying In the bed of the carriage.
Heart disease Is presumed to have been
the cause of death. Deceased has a fam
ily at Geneseo, 111.
Dr. Giles Jury Disagrees.
Special Di!«r>atch to The Call
JACKSON, Cal.. Feb. 6.— After serving
sixteen days the Jury In the Giles mal-
Eractlce case were to-day discharged,
avlng" failed to agree on a verdict. They
were out twenty-one hours and stood on
the first ballot six and six and on all
other ballots seven for acquittal.
strong enough to end the system of polyg
amy.
Dr. Green said some millions of Baptists
were profoundly interested In this ques
tion and were anxiously awaiting the ac
tion of Congress.
Mrs. James gave the result of twenty
years' observation on this subject while
on the Woman's Home Mission Board of
the Presbyterian church. She spoke in,
the most vigorous terms of denunciation
against the Mormon church, declaring it
was colonizing and extending Its work In
Montana, Idaho, Colorado ¦ and other
States. . *
Miss Bessie Ackerman of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union said she ob
served how the Mormons were propagat
ing their faith everywhere. Travelers en
countered its apostles In Norway. Sweden.
Denmark and Germany and in the most
out of the way places.
Mrs. Hamlin gave the result of extended
observations on this subject. She said
the god of Mormonism was polygamy:
that B. H., Roberts had so written, and
that this doctrine was taught in the Mor
mon Sabbath schools.
A letter from Bishop Hurst of th«
Methodist Episcopal church was read
supporting the movement. .
The hearing will be continued at the
next meeting of the committee, when W.
B. Campbell of Utah will be heard on th»
need of Federal action.
MEETS DEATH
WHILE HUNTING
A Napa Man Accident
ally Shot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Feb. 6.— James McDonald, who
was the superintendent of the Napa
Woolen Mills, while out hunting to-day
accldently shot and killed himself. The
accident occurred near Napa Junction,
whither McDonald had gone duck hunt-
Ing in company with Peter John and tho
young son of the latter. Mr. John and
his son were sitting in tho boat, which was
anchored in midstream. McDonald had
gone ashore to get a shot at some ducks
that had alighted not far distant. Just
how the accident occurred la not
known. John and His son heard a report
from the gun, followed almost Instantly
by a second, after which they heard Mc-
Donald cry for help. Going to his assist
ance- they found the unfortunate man with
a terrible wound in his right shoulder.
At once young John went to Napa to
secure medical assistance and to notify
Mrs. McDonald. In the meantime the
eldpr John removed McDonald to the
wharf of the Cutting Packing Company,
where everything possible was done, for
the wounded man. He lived but about
N ]VlcDonaVd was a native of Rhode Island
and 30 years of age. Prior to coming to
Napa he was employed In the Albany
•"mi« of Oregon. He was a member of
Company A. Fifth Regiment. N. G. C..
and very highly respected in this city. Ht
leaves a widow and a small child.
SUSPECTED TRAIN
ROBBER IDENTIFIED
Charged With Having Participated
. in the Hold-Up of the North
western Mail.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— Patrick Crowe, ar
rested here yesterday on suspicion of be
ing connected with the sensational rob
bery Of the Northwestern fast mall train
at Tower W, forty-six miles. west of here,
October 13, was to-day identified as one of
the quartet which secured the booty from
the train, variously estimated from 125,000
to $100,000.- ¦ •
The 'identification was .made by James
W White, engineer of the train, which
•was robbed; Charles James, operator at
Tower W, and the express messenger In
charge of . the money, which was stolen.
Crowe was turned over to Sheriff Dlm
mick of 'Kane County.
TOOK HER LIFE WHILE
TEMPORARILY INSANE
Sad Death, of Mrs. Tenny, Sister-in-
Law of President Burt of- the .
Union Pacific.
SEATTLE,, Feb. 6.— Mrs. John M. Ten
ny, formerly : of Seattle, took her life at
Juneau the evening ; of February. 1 In a
fit of . temporary Insanity brought on by
prolonged ; ill health. Two hours .; before
the sailing of the steamer Cottage City,
on which she was to have taken passage
to Seattle, she seized a revolver and shot
herself through the heart.
The news of Mrs. Tenny's death came
under peculiar , circumstances. • Yesterday
her sister, Mr». Burt, wife of President
H.G. Burt of the Union Pacific Railroad
arrived In a private car. In which she ex
pected to take Mrs. Tenny ¦to : her ; old
home In the East. Mrs. Burt had received
SEEKS TO FASTEN
GUILT ON CORNISH
Molineux Defense Calls
No Witnesses.
NEW TORK. Feb. 6.— Counsel for Ro
land Molineux, charged with having: mur
dered Mrs. Katherine J. Adams by poison
sent to Harry Cornish in December, 1593.
took a bold and unexpected step to-day,
announcing that the defense would sub
mit no evidence. Last night Barlow S.
Weeks, counsel for Molineux, stated that
the defense would consume less time than
the prosecution. It had been the general
expectation that many witnesses would
be called. Including handwriting Expert
Carvalho and a number of persons who
would attack the character of Harry
Cornish. Q£3B
Weeks began his summing up to-day
and had not finished when court ad
journed. He spoke with great earnest
ress and the jury listened to him intently.
He told of his long personal friendship
¦with Molineux and he attacked Harry
Cornish bitterly. The tenor of his argu
ment was that- the proofs pointed more
strongly to Cornish as the murderer than
to Molineux. MoUneux's father, mother
and wife were in court, as was Cornish,
who was visibly nervous. Molineux
seemed cool and collected.
"No testimony has been produced to
show that this defendant mailed this
package or was in the vicinity of the
Postofflce at 3:30 o'clock on December 23.
IS9S the day this package was mailed,
but." said Weeks, pausing an instant and
poisins his hand in the air while his eyes
swept over the jury, "Harry Cornish was,
and he was at the Postofflce at exactly
the time the package was mailed and on
that day. That silver bottle nolder was
bought by a man who said that he wanted
It "for a lady's dresser* and matched the
eilver on that dresser. There is not a
syllable of evidence or scintilla of proof
that that package ever came through the
mails, except Mr. Cornish's evidence.
Has he told the truth? This is important.
No one proves the receipt, no postman
proves the delivery, except Cornish."
Word by word Weeks went over the
Cornish testimony and strove to impress
upon the jury the suspicion that Cornish
might have "been guilty. He dilated on
the suspicious circumstances.
"Mrs. Adams took a dos»e of medicine
and died. Mr. Cornish took a dose, or
cays he did, on an empty stomach and
wanders around all day with no evil ef
fect. He says he took a dose. He even
went to see Yocum. a man who knows
how to make cyanide of mercury. Now
what reasonable excuse did Cornish have
for visiting Yocum that day of all days?"
Week* then described MoUneux's actions
ever eince the newspapers accused him
as those of an innocent man. \veeks
asked for an adjournment until to-mor
row, his voice having failed. The jury
will be locked up to-night in the Astor
House. Weeks' address will consume all
of to-morrow. _.
THE EMPOBnJM. | THE EMPOBITTM. . | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBITTM.
i 9Ulfa> ~a;hd.Olpa[liA-<^>*4Ton.the:
» cgoi Greatest of Cloak and! Suit Sales. $ |
$ IfiFvV Third day of the sale of the balance of Rosseft & Co.'s (the §J|B!hL 5
I ,^wr^) New York manufacturing tailors) stock of this season's gar- :i
*'-rll/r ntents, including many of the finest made, now selling 37c )^W*?j $
\ m)lr^ on the dollar or less. js^tmi $
* '' il(r*ri\&''' Rosseff^ Co.'s $10.00 to $20.00 Tailor Rosseff & Co. ; s $8.50 to $25.00 Oapcs Rosseff & Co.'s $2.50 and $3.50 German %tr\\*X^\ *
iA\ Vu Dresses :............:-......55.V0 .;.......... $5.00 Eiderdown Wrappers rf\ «
5.9 • Xl - : : Rosseff &Co.'3 $18.00 to $25.00 Tailor Rosseff & Co.'s $1.00 IVa/sIS 370 ; : 7^!j™ **•** 7 )\ J j g
t' • \ l\\ Dr055e5....'........ .$lO.OO Rosseff & Co.'s $6.00 to 58.50 Silk Rosaeff & Co.'s $3.50 to $7.50 Ohil- I AX']/ X
* \ '\\ X *> : v;;^S ; E? . * Waists $3.95 dren's Jao tots $1.85 [Us\l ¥\ «
V \ \\ \ $ «o« #««o co Rosseff & Co.'s $1.75 to $3.00 Under- Rosseff & Co.'s $7.50 to $12,00 Ohil- ">viZ> fi S
X \ \\ V - .....5O cto $2.50 shirts 890 dren's Jackets $3.95 itiM&Jk if. S
v 'ft • 1 \^y Rosseff & Co -' 8 n °' Od t0 $25>0 ° iWIfZ Rosseff & CO/3 $2.50 to $4.50 Fancy Rosaeff & Co.'s $5.C0 Plaid Skirts... '/f^§i§£ Ji $
tc \p ots ••• : $4.95 Underskirts $USO - $2.25 'l^^^?& 5
5? vl J> Rosseff & Co.'s $3.50 to $10.00 Capos Rosaeff & Co.'s $1.50 Wrappers.... Rosseff & Co.'s $6.00 to $8.50 Paid X^^'^ jt
J r-tf ...50ct052.50 790 and Plain Skirts $2.95 *
X — . : : : : . — __ «
* Last Day of the Wednesday Only. • £
g Dress Goods /////' Special Sale :5: 5
X Remnant Sals. -t'/rfr**'^/ ~ * * Pillow Shams. %
V Choice Colored Dress Goods of every • J/ lJc/C/L/s7JC^ C^uGsCSL*- Onx * ntire ass °rtnient of $2.50 Pillow "5
fc description, ranging in length from 1J // «*^ I -^^ .*^*^ J^ Shams in Irish point effects, a large J€
Kto 6 yards each, suitable for waists, >r V • /) P /?// ¦ range of designs, new and beautiful, on -J
>f children's dresses, skirts, many pieces. v^J / // J^7 r(/% V Mle Wle lasts to-day only. \
S loDg enough for full costumes. They are yf^Jy^Z/^flyt £&£* SfJ 6O / \Jlc~*<&r per pair.... $1.83 %
tt thU season's goods and colors that have t X / %
*f already been price reduced, and to-day • ' / ' <j*
?i only can be purchased at * ;.^-¦"-.*¦¦¦•.:; .^ -¦"-.*¦¦¦•.: ¦ Wnr/nnerfiu /)nru °t
I One-Half Marked Prices "The Burning Arrow"— Coovtfs famous Indian picture— ** £nmh~*> i *
g Bargain Tables-Center Aisle. O n free exhibition in our Art Rooms, second floor, daily from 8 *?>? R?^ •*
« Wednesday Only. a. m. to 6p. m. . $1.4-7. W/l }*
* Union Suits 23c. ~ — : v A -^ T b * r ?, in for ladie9 ~>S\ 1 ?
Jf Ladies' heavy fleece-lined Cotton Combi- Fancy LaCO Valentines — Yvom 12 for 5c to fOe each. wiXri tht WyJh '*
| ra "ff Z?%n iine "O^'y- 1 *^ assortment in town, coin tL, &£. MW f
$ front, colors ecru and natural, regular- So to $3.50. ¦ sewed flexible soles. jfW&r J
i ly sold at 35c, on epecial sale for this ~ reeu'u 1 J?5O ''' <^^ x
$ day only 230 Wednesday and Thursday Only. Bp fcial to-day Sly!.: M $1.47 :J: J
| We %r day %y% y ; 50 Sale of Point VenSse Lace. Batanoo of Woek 5
$ l^*» 7500 yards of tandsome Point Venise Lace forwarded to us by our Eastern buyer for r*"%—*n*r4 n**w**mmsJLm9mm4 *
A 5A 5 j§£ Si&L VtOWnS special sale purposes is effered for to-day, Wednesday, and Thursday only, at «#«f#Y* e * MJcpanm il« .J
5" Of M from ono-thlrd to one-half less than regular prices. Soeniaß Salt*«* " J«
tt />VWrKk^ SwOCm The colors are cream, butter and two-toned effects; the proper thing for Jabots, .. **#*•*«*#«# wo«c?9« M
h' (h f teMm!s r * Scarfs, Waist Trimmings and Millinery purposes. Unoloum Remnants The .J
$ 2J to Si inches wide-sale price....!. yard 9o _ balance left from last week'a Belling, •?
$ // I JV lvA\ 1 S? q \1 \ 7 S^ t0 5 * inches price .....yard 140 a!l qualities, plenty of patterns left to jt
** /// MwKsf/t^fl ri ' fine cm 7 —• ' select from, prices cut in half : $1.00 .<
t ill Iff m4A D l a -n.u a ffs#ss«S?«Et Z&mtM UMnS^M cZ^:^s> €Q~^ r-^r -^ quality, 32jC.- SJc quality, jf
»* ffi/f ffi# , y ° ke th h f- nd - «**«»»» *anU ZStfJeSM 3O ° /SOcquality, 25C S 40c qual- S
1U ¥ sfb Ware Sa/e - 1
*^ •• O ni y 9So Imitation cut glass Sugar Bowls, Horseradish i T quality, with borders to match, in a's
J» • Dishes, Spoon Holders, Cream Pitches, Bonbon "w-C^^j^^ 7^^'//^ choice line of patterns, on special sale jf
*•* Wednesday and Thursday. Dishes, Olive Dishes, Jelly Dishes, Puff Boxes on S/^X^^" 1 ' "T^^a for this week only, per yard. 450 •*
X FuMitlSre SneGialS. Plated stands, etc-a delayed shipment that 'M-^wM&^T Tapestry Carpets, the 80c S
>r rurfffiurctfpcbiaisi should have been here before Christmas-on sale v^^^mN%P*%> quality, in floral and Persian effects. .%
%" Folding Card Table, solid oak, top 20x20 this week to close, each 190 <&3m2> -^ w j t h or without borders, pretty hall •*
*I inches, regularly $2.25, special sale for Main Floor-Rear. an( j gtair effects, special this week, per «
J. two days only ...$1.15 . . yar d 56\0 S
i "^^SSirS Tapestry Squared at Half. J
i 55. "?....... ....'•"• 56.00 For the balance of the week, if quantity lasts, all that are left of the 1000 samples Bel 3 ? ffects ' thl3 week ' peryard .67J0 j
X Buffetsi'qiiarter-sawed oak, iighly pol- oi Upholstery Goods advertised Sunday, Cotton Tapestries, Silk and Wool Tapes- Wilton Velvet Carpet, very j€
S ished, 36 inches long, 18 inches wide, trie8 > Satin Damasks, Corduroys, Moleskins, Silk Plushes, etc.. in pieces ranging handsome designs, makes very pleasing -*
tf shaped top with 18x36 shelf, regularly * rom Ito 2 yard squares, suitable for cushion tops, chair seats and back 9, and parlor carpet, specially marked for this
V $13.50, special for two day 5.. .59.75 decorative purposes, at week, per yard 82\o S
ff Wardrobes, solid oak, with double doors, Of*f*-Haff Of* i-GSS Than ¦ Body Brussels, a high grade of '£
tt two drawers, 42 inches wide, 6. feet 10 njLU If D t OS tke best weariDg Carpet made, for din- j»
«( inches high, regularly $16.50, special Utiß-nail tteguiar rMCeS. ing room 3, hall, stairs, library or office, 1*
[h for two days .......* 12.75 ¦ specially marked for thi3 week, per
% Upright Folding Bed, eolid oak, 18x40, ' mmwmmm ffßfflmiAßVlßiiiiK m yard 92\0 "%
*; bavel-edge mirror, neat carvings, high Cabinet MWRBW Axmlnstcr Carpets, very -I
£. polish, fine wire mattress with spring FhotOS, raffig|fiL B*»" Bffl H ffl B WXM Music handsome patterns, with borders to %
a,* supports, an extra well ma-ie bed, reg- $1.50 to HP^T „ l Published match, a superb quality, specially X
g ularly $40.00, on special sale for two $5 Dozen. Ooldenßnle Waaraair. ™ Half Price marked for this week, per yard..9/io -2
§. days.. $30.25 CAUFORNUS LARGEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE. r . ?¦ Second Floor-Rear. ' x
q ? O ? O ? O* O -»-O-»-O-»-O-»-©-»-O +-O-+O-+-O-*- ©?O-»-O-»-O-*-O ¦*-O-*O-*-O-*-O-» O*-0-+O-«-©
I SPECIALISTS. 1
0 . Stric tly Reliable. o
I A \ Dr. Talcott & Co. j
? «£*// «* IMb tg£r Practice. Confined to Di«ease« and Weak- +•
I \j&L Men Only.l
O J l 3iir Varicoeele cured In one week at office or J
¦? N^^^ilHa^eir* * our weclul ' *»ome treatment. A
O A\ Wood Taints. Contracted Disorders and o
? "^^/l/\ >». every form of Weakness a specialty. x
O SW >\\ ¦Z'/Y n\. \*w vv ' c are alwa -y" willing; to wait for our fee o
? _Xf / / VvO^^^^///V \JV until cure ii effected. . +•
? II [/ V^C^^ll v , Full information cheerfully mailed. . O
1 U \ \rl II 7> * 97 Market street> toner Sixth. ?
GAVE NO BANQUET TO
COUNT DE CASTELLANE
French Embassador to Washington
Finds It Necessary to Correct a
Misapprehension.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6.— An authorized
statement is made on the best authority
that all thai has been published in the
press concerning an alleged banquet of
fered by Embassador Cambon of France
to Count <le Castellane Is inaccurate. The
matter has attracted considerate atten
tion on both sides of the water, but the
discussion has proceeded on an entire mis
apprehension of the facts. It appears that
the French Embassador was present at an
informal luncheon at one of the fasnion
ebie restaurants of Nsw 'iork. at which
Count and Countess de Castellane were
also Invited. The affair was purely social
end has been given an Importance entirely
disproportionate to Its formal character.
Veteran Passes Away.
SAN ANDREAS. Feb. 6.— Edward
Roper, a pioneer of 1J49 and who was a
veteran of the civil war. was found dead a
fhort distance from hi* cabin at Peters
burg last evening. Death was dye to heart
failure. Deceased was * member of the
First Regiment. California Volunteers.
letters from Mr. Tenny stating that he
and his wife would be passengers on the
Garden City. It was in expectation of
meeting Mrs. Tenny that E. E. Ellis, gen
ereal agent of the Union Pacific In this
city, went to the steamer, only to learn
of her death. The news prostrated Mrs.
Burt.
Mrs. Tcnny was well known In Seattle.
Mr. Tenny was for several years a prac
ticing lawyer and real estate broker here.
He is now deputy Collector of Customs
for the port of Juneau.
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE
OF OREGON MEETS
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 6.— The Republi
can League of Oregon to-day held its
biennial session In this city, about SOO
delegates being present. The league
elected officers and fourteen delegates to
th National League. J. M. Church, a
banker of La Grande, was chosen presi
dent The following resolutions wero
adopted:
So long as either of the great political parties
advocates the free coinage of silver, the finan
cial question is the paramount question before
the American people. The Republican clubs
of the State of Oregon, in convention assem
bled, reaffirm their loyalty to the gold stand
ard and their opposition to the free coinage of
sliver.
We believe the best and mest stable dollar
in the world should be assured by legislation
to the laborer as the fruit of his toil and to
the farmer as the price of his crop. We are
in sympathy with the efforts of the Republican
Senators and Representatives in Congress to
enact legislation for this purpose.
We hereby heartily Indorse the Philippine pol
icy of the present administration. These islands
have been won by American blood and pur
chased by American treasure: they should re
main a permanent, part of our national domain.
We cannot neglect our duty to give them a
stable government, nor can we afford to throw
away the great opportunity they give us for
development of our Oriental trade.
The Republican party was formed for the
purpore of fighting the battle* of free labor.
Throughout its whole history it has been the
champion of the people and of the American
laborer In particular. We are opposed to the
monopolization of commerce and Industry by
trusts and are in favor of all Judicious legis
lation-looking to - the curtailment of their
power.
A resolution in favor of electing United
States Senators by a direct vote of the
people was adopted.
LAWS NEEDED TO
CHECK POLYGAMY
Appeal of Christians to
Congress.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6.-The rooms of
the House Committee on Judiciary were
crowded to overflowing to-day with the
representatives of many religious, mis
sionary and social reform bodies to urge
the need of a constitutional amendment
prohibiting polygamy. Among those heard
were Bishop Satterlee. Episcopal Bishop
of Washington; Rev. Dr. Hamlin. In be
half of the Presbyterian church; Dr. S. H.
Green of the Baptist church. Mrs. Janes
for the Women's Home Missionary Board
of the Presbyterian church. Miss Jennie
Ackerman, traveling representative of the
Women's Christian Temperance Union;
Judge W. M. Springer of Indian Ter
ritory, Dr. John Dixon of New York and
Dr. L. A. Foote of Brooklyn.
The addresses were condemnatory of
polygamy, and many of those engaged in
missionary work in the West asserted that
the Mormon church was systematically
propagating the doctrine of polygamy,
despite all denials. The women speakers
appealed in particular for protection to
the sanctity of the American home.
Bishop Satterlee voiced the Episcopalian
sentiment by saying that the family was
the root of modern civilization, and be
earnestly supported this movement as one
In defense of the family and the home.
Rev. John Dixon of New York said the-
Mormon church was seeking to make a
virtue out of a vice and to establish this
vice as the cornerstone of religion.
Rev. T. S. Hamlin of the Church of the
Covenant, Washington, said that what
was feared was that with the disposition
of Roberts' case Congress would drop the
subject, whereas the religious sentiment
of the country wanted the movement to
bring forth a constitutional amendment
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Work of California's Delegation in
Congress— Patents and Pen
sions Granted.
Special Dispatch Ao The Call.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6.— The Senate to
day passed Senator Perkins' bill reim
bursing the Union Iron Works of San
Francisco in the sum of $32,523 for the
failure of the horsepower speed on the
Monterey.
Representative Kahn to-day Introduced
a bill relieving the Italian-Swiss Agricul
tural Colony of Aspl, Madcra County,
from internal revenue tax on distilled
spirits destroyed by fire. The amount of
tax is $556.
Senator Perkins to-day presented to the
Senate the resolutions of the California
Legislature, asking the delegation In Con
gress to oppose the so-called reciprocity
between the United States and Jamaica.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows:
California — Henry Bryan, Modesto, cut grain
carrier for harvester; Samuel B. Christy, Berke-
ley, recovering gold and silver from cyanide
solutions by electrolysis; Joseph Craig, High
land Springs, reveralble rotary engine; Warren
F. Davis. San Francisco, assignor of one-half
to J. Lice Jr.. automatic can-heading machine;
Ralph W. Elliott. Oakley, apparatus for rais
ing liquids; James T. Gray, Holllster, com
pound for exterminating burrowing animals;
Jacob Kullman, Benlcla. dust preventer at
tachment for rotary pulverizer; Albert E. Mac
donald, San Franpisco, tea-making attachment
for cups; A. L. Narone, Callstciea, gas engine;
John P. Simmons. San Francisco, hydraulic
giant: A. B, Smith, Los Angeles, cesta or hand
hall basket bat and play Ins ball; William
Thum, Pasadena, bicycle rack; F. J. Vestal,
Pleasant Grove, draft equalizer.
Washington— John W. Van Brocklln. Seattle,
water, steam or air valve; Fred C. Thompson,
Burton, power transmitter for windmills;
Charles J. Stewart. Puyallup, refrigerator box;
Charles O. Lee. South Tacoma, combined dis
tillery and cooker.
Postal service between Vlcfor and Rose
Mine. San Bernardino County, Will be dis
continued after February 14. T. L. Brown
was to-day appointed Postmaster at Semi
tropic, Kern County, vice R. A. McGee,
resigned.
First Lieutenant Carl R. 'Darnall is re
lieved from further duty In Cuba and will
proceed to Governors Island, for assign
ment to duty with recruits going to the
Philippine Islands.
Recruit Jesse B. Thomas of the Ninth
Infantry, now at the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, will be discharged without honor
from the service of the United States by
the commanding officer of that post.
Pensions for Californians—Original—Ed
ward Riedel. Soldiers' Home, Yountville,
$8; John A. Bedien, Los Angeles. ?S;
Thomas P. Lonigan. Stockton, $6; Jacob
Hayes, Porterville, $6. Increase— Robert
W. V. Mueller. National Home, Los An
geles. $6 to $8. Original widows, etc— John
Kelsay. father, Kelseyvhle, $12.
Oregon— Original— Thomas H. North,
Kist. $G.
Washington— Original— Special. January
26— Joel Wright. Laconner, $6; Webber
Waller, Tacoma, $6. Additional—Benja
min F. Dean, Seattle. $6 to $12.
TO ABATE A NUISANCE.
Citizens of Woodland Will Assemble
in Mass Meeting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 6.— The City Trustees
have called a mass meeting of the tax
payers of this city for Thursday evening
to consider a very important question.
The city sewer farm 13 located about two
miles northeast of Woodland. Last Feb
ruary T. L. Baird et al., farmers who live
In the vicinity of the farm, commenced
an action to have the farm declared a
nuisance and to collect $13,000 damages.
The case was tried before Judge E. C.
Hart of Sacramento nnd a jury. A ver
dict for $1000 damages and costs was ren
dered, but Judge Hart modified the ver
dict and rendered judgment for plaintiffs
in the sum of $70 and costs and restrairied
the city fr«n maintaining a sewer farm
at the present location. From this judg
ment the city took an appeal.
Plaintiffs now say that they do not de
sire/to collect damages and only want
the nuisance abated. A great many tax
payers are anxious to avoid any further
expense by compromising the case. It is
to consider this proposition that the meet-
Ing has been called.
BURGLARS IN NAPA.
Series of Crimes Alarm the Residents
of That City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
j NAPA. Feb. . C— Burglars are operating
in this city, and several attempts have
been made by thieves to enter dwellings
during the last few days. Sunday morn
ing last, between the hours of 11 and 12
o'clock, William Laws' residence on Cross
street was entered by burglars and $75 in
gold taken. The family was at church.
The local detective force, headed by Chief
of Police Frank B. Gibb, is making a
thorough search for. the robbers. The
theory is entertained that this work was
done by the same parties! who tried to
set fire to the Central School building.
Burned by Exploding Gas.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 6.— A new , patent
gasoline pump upon which experiments
are being made' In Axebone's machine
shop exploded this afternoon and burned
George T. Carter, an employe, so severely
that ne Is not expected to recover. ' Two
other men were painfully blistered.
EXPANSION AND
ITS DRAWBACKS
Argument of Williams
in the House.
»
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6.— The Philippine
question again occupied the attention of
the House to-day, with a slight digression
concerning the war in South Africa. The
feature of the debate was the speech of
Williams of Mississippi, who presented an
argument against the annexation of the
Philippines which attracted much atten
tion. It was devoted almost entirely to
the commercial aspects of the acquisition,
holding that the absorption of the Islands
would be ultimately ruinous to the Ameri
can producers of cotton, rice, tobacco,
hemp and sugar. Morris of Minnesota
made an exhaustive legal argument in
support of the right to hold and govern
the islands. The other speakers wer3
Gibson of Tennessee, V%". A. and H. C.
Smith of Michigan, Cochran of Missouri
and Neville of Nebraska. The general de
bate on the diplomatic bill closed to-day
and to-morrow it will be taken up for
amendment under the five-minute rule.
Until the financial measure now ?pending
before the Senate shall have been dis
posed of finally it will be considered by
the Senate every legislative day to the
exclusion of all except purely routine
business. This agreement will have the
effect of cutting off all debate on the
Philippine question or other matters ex
cept by unanimous consent of the Senate
unless Senators choose to discuss other
questions in the time they devote to the
financial bill. Caffery of Louisiana con
cluded his speech on the Philippine ques
tion to-day, holding that the United
States ought to restore in the islands the
status quo and then confer Independence
upon the Filipinos.
PAID TUITION, BUT
RECEIVED NO SCHOOLING
Williams' Business College Suspends,
leaving the Students in an Un
welcome Predicament.
Special Dlsi>atch to The Call.
PASADENA. Feb. 6. -The students of
Williams' Business College are left with
out a teacher and in most cases their
tuitions are paid In advance. The absent
teachers are owed back salaries, the rent
Is not paid and the furniture is mortgaged
President Marshall did not appear for
work yesterday morning. In his place
came a letter saying that he had invested
heavily in mining stocks and lost all he
.?, d ; \ le P°V ed scholars would not
think hard of him and that they would
make successes in life despite this little
backset to their prospects for learning
He promised to pay all his debts if it
takes him five years' time. Marshall was
last seen in a dive in Los Angeles China
town in company with two women.
CHANGES IMPENDING.
Union Pacific Freight and Passenger
Departments to Unite.
OMAHA, Feb. 6.— There is a revival of
talk around the Union Pacific headquar
ters that the consolidation of the freight
and passenger agencies of the Union Pa
cific. Oregon Short Line and the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company Is pre
liminary to the consolidation of th- op
orating departments of the three road.*,
and that in a short time they will all be
under the jurisdiction cf one general man
fipor. and that the general manager of th*
Lnlon Pacific. They were operated in this
manner before the segregation of th->
roads under the receivership. Men well
up in the railroad world express the opin
ion that the change is sure to com" as
It is expensive retaining so many high
salaried officials.
Honor Soldier Dead.
PETALUMA. Feb. 6.-At a meeting of
Company C. Fifth Regiment, N. G. C.
held In th!s city last night a committee
was appointed to represent the company
at the funeral In San Francisco of Cor
rcral D3an and Private Pitts of the regu
lar army, whose bodies arrived on the
transport Ohio. Both young men were
residents of this city. All flags will be dis
played at half-mast on the day of th
funeral.
DAWSON BEING DESERTED
IN THE RUSH TO NOME
Adverse Legislation in the Matter of Re
locating Claims Paralyzing Business
in the Klondike.
By SAM W. WALL.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DAWSOX, Jan. 9 (via Seattle. Feb. 6).—
Dawson Is suffering such an attack of
Nome fever that already the life has
cone out of the town. There are plenty
of living people here, to be sure, but they
are living upon the hope of being able to
ccc Nome. The only thought or the only
topic of conversation Is "The spring,''
"The breaking of the Ice in the river,"
that will enable them to move with
all they have to the new American
camp. Men are working on the creeks
at $5 a day In cash rather than ac
cept a higher wage "on bedrock"
cr "after the wash up." They want
money in hand so that they may be
free to leave the moment it Is possible to
do so by water. Merchants are closing
out their business already, and where this
time last year business places were in
demand ar.d rents goir.g up the sign. "To
let," meets one at every turn. Numbers
of men have left to make the long jour
ney of over two thousand miles over the
lee by dog team, and departures take
place nearly every day. The number will
Increase as the season progresses up to
the middle of February. The first of June
will find little of Dawson left but the
shell. Business is already dead here.
The past week has seen two of the
principal saloons close their doors perma
nently. Others will follow. The largest
of tho theaters and dance halls, the Pal
ace Grand, has closed, and the opera
house and Monte Carlo change hands
about every two weeks in a desperate ef
fort to fight o2 the inevitable. Charley
Meadows of San Francisco, known as
Arizona Charley, is proprietor of the Pal
ace Grand Theater. It is an immense
structure, with a large auditorium and
two tiers of boxes, ranging one above the
other, entirely round the house. He Is go-
Ing to undertake to .move the building
bodily as it stands to Nome. He has ac
tually let a contract for tho Job, and the
contractors have given bonds for its safe
delivery.
The building Is to be placed on four
large barges, to be built especially for the
purpose, and floated down the Yukon
to its mouth and thence, awaiting good
weather, towed by steamer to Nome.
The flight from Dawson In the spring
will far eclipse any stampede that ever
came this way. Literally everybody is
going who is .not too badly tied up here.
So uniform Is the rule that the man who
declares that he Is not going Is looked
upon as an oddity.
This condition of affair* is chargeable
entirely to pbnoxious legislation. The
Klondike is no longer a poor man's coun
try. The results of the years of pros
pecting and the location of pay streaks
have been taken away so far as the average
man Is concerned by a systematic course
of lawmaking directed in the interests of
the few. The recently adopted regulation
that prevents relocation of claims has
broken the camel's back. All claims now
located and that are allowed to lapse
through any neglect on the part of the
holder or other reason, and that formerly
in such event were open for relocation by
other miners, now, instead, revert to the
Government to be sold to the highest
bidder.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1900.
RATE FIXED FOR
FRUIT PACKING
Growers' Associations
Are Agreed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 6.— The Associated
Fruit Packers and the California Cured
Fruit Association have agreed upon terms
for handling the dried prune .crop of the
coming year, and a contract to this effect
will be signed to-morrow. This action as
sures the success of the Cured Fruit As
sociation and means the price of prune*
will become stable and growers will re
ceive a fair remuneration . for their
products.
The Associated .Packers agree to take
the entire prune crop of the State and
pack and handle the same at the prices
to be fixed by the growers' association.
The Santa Clara County Fruit Exchange,
which heretofore has handled the bulk of
the crop, and the six or seven co-operative
driers throughout the county are put on
the same footing as the commercial pack
ers and will receive their share of the
prune crop to sell. The placing of the co
operative dryers and the commercial pack
ra was the only question on which It\was
feared a split might result, but this was
adjusted amicably.
The packers are to be allowed $5 per
ton for receiving, handling, storing, grad
ing and packing the prunes in flrst-clnss
bags'. In addition to this will be added
the sale price paid by the consumer.
The following prices for the different
packs have been decided upon: Twenty
flve-pound boxes, $10 per ton; fifty-pound
boxes, $5 per ton; eighty-pound boxes, $5
per ton. Different packs costing moro or
less than these amounts will be adjusted
by the two associations.
The Cured Fruit Association will havo
Inspectors at the various packing-houses
to guard the interests of the producer and
association to see that goods are
packed according to the rules. The con
tract also specifies that all fruit shipped
must bear the association's brand, which
is to the effect that the goods are as rep
resented. Five per cent is allowed the
packers for- selling, and they are not
allowed to give more thaji one-half of this
to the Eastern broker.
This contract between the packers ana
the association is not to go Into effect un
less contracts covering 90 per cent of the
prune crop is secured from the growers,
unless by mutual consent a less percent
age would be acceptable. The conditions
agreed to refer to prunes only. In regard
to other varieties of dried deciduous fruits
and nuts the association will not attempt
to maintain the price unless 75 per cent
of the crop is controlled, but will sell
these products for Its members to thn
best possible advantage.
The growers are rapidly signing con
tracts with the association, and nearly
the entire prune crop will be signed. The
drying plants of the various co-operative
fruit associations will be used to cure the
fruit, and growers will have no further
to haul their fruit than in other years.
5ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GAS MAINS— J. O. M., City. Gas com
panies are authorized to make a charge
for connecting premises with, the street
main.
THE PANAMA CANAL— Reader, city.
The French Government refused to give
the Panama canal an official character by
a state guarantee. The Government did
not have a pecuniary interest in the en
terprise.
ADELAIDE AND HTLO— Subscriber,
San Jose, Cal. You can obtain the names
of business houses in Adelaide. S. A., and
Hllo, H. 1., from the directories of these
places. Such may be found in all well
regulated libraries.
- ¦ %
BIBLICAL QUOTATION— A. S., Tracey,
Cal. The verse "But she had brought
them up to the roof of the house and hid
them with the stalks of flax which she hau
laid in order on the- roof," Is the sixth
verse of the second chapter of the Book
of Joshua. ' \Lil_V__
THE MODDER RIVER-A. C. S., City.
The Kaiba River in the Transvaal, which
by the' Dutch is named the Modder, by
which name it is better .known, was so
named by the Dutch because it is a
muddy river. In Dutch it meanß muddy
river and not mother river.
SPANISH-AMERICAN WAR BONDS—
A.- S., City. Bonds(were issued under the
provisions of an act passed March 7, IS9S,
appropriating J50.000.000 for the national
defense and signed by the President
March 9. This was in the early part of
the Spanish-American war.
; COMMISSIONERS— E.C., City. There
Is but one set of Commissioners appointed
by the Mayor, of San Francisco as to
whom the . age limit Is prescribed, and
that Is the Commissioners of Education,
designated as School Directors. The
charter provides that these shall not be
less than 30 years of age at time of ap
pointment. The reference to 21 and 35
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK
NEW YORK, Feb. €.— Edward More
house of San Francisco and D. W. Mae
donald of Oakland are at the Empire.
C. Dewltt of San Francisco Is at the
Manhattan.
"One of those magnificent discouragers
to matrimony" was the way in which one
woman referred to the new home of th»
University Club in Fifth avenue.— New
York Times.
The Board of Education is evidently of the opinion
that a knowledge of the gentle art of horse-racing is
not one of the qualifications necessary to teach the
young idea how to shoot. One teacher has been
taught this fact with some degree of emphasis.
It would be interesting to know what particular
economic policy the Government at Washington in
tends to pursue. Free trade among the States of the
Union and protection against our suggest
a compromise that may have many merits, but cer
tainly has not that of being logical.
Aside from the fact that its abrogation will clear
the way for the construction of the Nicaragua canal,
the people of the United States should be thankful
that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty is soon to be a diplo
matic has-been. They never could understand the
dodgasted thing, anyhow.
Horror of horrorsl For the first time in his life
Ignace Paderewski is threatened with a frost. The
great pianist recently told a reporter for a Chicago
paper that he feared, if he ever got within the boun
daries of Russia,- the Czar would send him to Siberia.
While the wo ( rld is being fired by the deeds of Brit
ish and Boers on South African battle fields, few men
are thinking, perhaps, of the dread battles with death
that marching armies arc fighting in the snow on
their journey toward the. golden sands of Nome.
It is said that Andrew Carnegie will contribute one
million dollarsi to the Democratic campaign fund.
What makes Mr. Carnegie think, especially as his phi
lanthropy has been manifested in that direction? that
the Democrats do not need books? ' •
The San Rafael man who wants Marin County to
take his self-established orphan asylum off his hands
has evidently come to the conclusion that his par
ticular fad, is no joke.. He thinks that he was only
playing at philanthropy.
In their efforts to suppress the open and vicious
dives of the city the Police Commissioners appear to
be moving toward the center of the evil. Perhaps
they may yet reach Market street and its notorious
dens.
Thetroubles of some men do not seem to end even
with death. The Sonoma man whose body has been
a bone of contention for two years must have been a
lively sort of a fellow when he was alive.
The settlement of property rights in the Philippines
has left Uncle Sam in the very interesting, predica
ment of trying to find out just what he bought from
Spain andwhat the other fellows own. -
NOVEL CLOTH COSTUME.
The dress represented Is of cloth In two
shades. It is in the princess style, but
gives the Impression of a jacket and skirt,
thanks to a stole of bright embroidered
drab cloth. The hips. are encircled with
a band of similar cloth, which descends
on each side of the apron. The skirt is
in fiat pleats, edged with a similar band.
The dress would look charming in either
amaranth or suede color. .
Supervisors Fix Laborers' Wages.
The Supervisors* Street Committee yes-
terday fixed the wages of laborers in tha
Street Department at $2 50 per da 7 for
eight hours' work. This is the same rata
that has been in effect in the past. It is
understood t£at the committee will recom-
mend to the Board of Public "Works that
the salaries of janitors be restored to the
original figure of $70 a month, or at least
at the same dally stipend of laborers.
Pyrography outfits and things to born
In artists' material department at San-
born & Vall's. 1 •
¦ ? « 8 —
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. - •
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.
years In, your communication Is in regrard
to appointments on th« police force and
in the Fire Dapartment. At the time of
appointment the party appointed must
not be above or under the age given.
NATURALIZATION— S. P. A.. Santa
Rosa, Cal. A3 you came to the United
States from a foreign country, the land of
your birth, when you were a minor, re
sided in the United States for three years
next preceding your majority, have con
tinued to reside in the United States ever
since, and having also resided more than
five years, including the three years of
your minority In this country, you may at
any time make application for and obtain
full naturalization papers, but at tha time
of declaration you will have to make oaih
that for two* years next preceding your
application it was your bon'a fide inten
tion to become a citizen of the United
States.
AmrSEILENTS.
TivG'J— ¦*Th* ISol's Eye."
I Grand Oi^ra-fcouse— ••Aladfiia Jr." •
Orphean*— Vaudeville.
Columbia— • # Tfce Frrmgg'.ers cf Badayex."
Alhaisbrs— "London Liae."
California— "The CucIloo."
Alrarar— "Friends."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
OlrEpls, corner Mason aad Ellis streets— Specialties.
Oakland Rare Track— Rices.
WEDNESDAY .FEBRUARY 7. *9°o
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communicators to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PL"DLICATIO> OFFICE. ..Market and Third. S. F.
Trlrpbone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS. .. .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1*74.
Delivered by Carrier". 13 Cent" Per Weelc.
Stnele Copleß, 5 Cent*.
Term* l»> Mall, Including Potiagei
DAILY CALL, dnoludinc '¦niidnvi, one year. .Srt.Ort
DAILY CALL (lnolndiusr Sunday). O months. . 3.00
DAILY CALL linr-lnditia Sunday). 3 month*. . I-"*"
DAILY CALL — By Sinjrle Month 05c
SIADAY CALL One Year 1..10
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
• abMcrlptfonn.
Sample copies will be forwarded when reaoented )
OAKLAXD OFFICE 111S Broadway j
C. GEORGE KROG.VESS.
Manager Foreign Advertioinsr. Marauette Ilnlld- j
Ing-, Chlc-ago.
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CABLTO.% Uernld Square!
XEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE*
PERRY LIKENS JR... 20 Tribune HuUdincr,
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS*
Sherman Hounej P. O. New« CO.l Great North- j
crn Hotel; Fremont Iloune; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS!
Waldorf- Aktorla Hotel: A. Ilrentano. 31 Union .
Square; Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON rt>. C> OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel )
J. F. ENGLISH, Correnpondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of I
Clay. op. v until Vi3o o'clock. 300 Hayen. <
open until B:3U o'clock. •;;{!• .McAllister, open
until !«:.";<> o'clock. UIS Larkln, open until j
»:3O o'clock. 1941 Mlaalon, open until 1O !
o'clock. 22U1 Market, corner Sixteenth, open I
until U o'clock. lOtK) Valencia, open until !» 1
o'clock. IOU Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock, j
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, j
open until 9 o'clock.
THE CALL AND THE SENATORSHIP.
THE successful -termination of the long struggle
to secure a United States Senator for Califor
nia is "a. subject for congratulation and good
feeling within and beyond party lines. The suffrage
of the people put upon the Republican party the se
lection,of a Senator. That duty carried with it a re
sponsibility to the whole State and an obligation to
that public opinion which sits in judgment upon par
ties and policies.
The Call bore its part in the fight' actuated by one
motive only. This paper at no time had any candi
date for the Senatorship. It sought only to secure
such a selection as would promote the self-respect of
every citizen and safeguard the interests of the State.
Our critics and our enemies, as well as our friends,
have never misunderstood our purposes.
We are anxious for the further success and con
tinued primacy of the Republican party, and are sen
sitive to the fame of California. Therefore we con
tested, step by step, all propositions, plans and cabals
formed for the purpose of unworthily bestowing the
Senatorship. This was done under the constant dan
ger of being accused of some form of self-seeking,
and sometimes this duty was discharged in the face of
other perils and in defiance of threats which the
strong use to appall the weak.
f We look back over the record with exactly the
! E3me sort of satisfaction that glows in enthusiastic
I expression throughout the State.
We hope that The Call is now better understood
than when the great fight began. We have opposed
r.o man whose election would have honored the party
and left unimpaired the magnificent strength it had
in 1898. Between t*e men worthy of the honor we
had at no time any choice. The selection of any one
of them, at any stage of the struggle, would have
commanded our support and indorsement. We have
conceived the function of a newspaper to be the de
feat, by all fair means, of any candidate who did* not
deserve the office and the honor, who had no equip
ment, mental or moral, for the great duties of Sena
tor, and whose election would hurt the State's pride
and bring the Republican party to present shame and
final defeat. That function The Call has discharged,
with conscience and courage. We have made no
effort to influence selection between gentlemen of
probity and fitness, but have stood between them as
a class and candidates who lacked either fitness or
probity, or both.
The record is made, and the Republican party and
the people of California now understand that The
Call fights no Republican who comes with clean
hands and purposes, and approved fitness, for the
public trust which he seeks. This paper is .not" a
broker in nominations, nor is it attorney in fact
for candidates. It is simply the implacable foe of that
immorality and ur.fitness which seeks sometimes to
artfully impose itself upon a successful party. As far
as the Southern Pacific Railroad is concerned, its
part in the contest was a mistake from which neither
the party nor the State will suffer, for both have
proved immune to its influence. The corporation
must bear alone the consequences of an act it had no
right reason for committing.. As a transportation
company the people are willing to be at peace with it.
Such business issues as arise between it and
its patrons the latter are willing to adjust in
a business way. When demagogues attack it,
and by threats arid appeals to prejudice en
deavor to force it into politics for defensive
purposes, the people are willing to keep it out of
politics by such a defeat of demagogy as they ad
ministered in 1898. Why not let it rest at that? Why
propagate a new spite in every unsatisfied political
ambition? Why seem to compel the best elements in
the State to mount guard continually to protect
themselves against some personal vagary of some
body connected with the railroad who, for reasons
that have no right relation to its real interests, tries
to impose unwortn and unfitness upon a place of
honor to transform it -into a place of shame? When
the Southern Pacific Company, within the limit of its
proper interests, needs defense we shall not scruple
to defend it. and when outside that limit it assumes to
do or to dictate where its presence is an affront, we
shall not scruple to fight it in the future as we have
given it battle in the past and have administered to
it the chastening admonition of defeat.
Having accomplished the task set for ourselves, in
the defeat of every candidate who did not deserve to
succeed, and whose success would have killed the
party and degraded the" State, The Call rests in the
company of the wise and upright for whom it has
spoken and wrought, ready to again clear the field of
the enemies of good government and leave it to the
victorious friends of that righteousness which" exalts
a party and gives it life in the confidence of the
people.
Complaint Against Fish-Dealers.
The North - Central Improvement Asso
ciation .. yesterday noticed - the • Board of
Supervisors of the bad condition;prevail
ing In the. fish markets on Merchant *and
Clay streets. The report' says that Mer-
Question . of Veracity.
The case of M. Goldstein, charged with
grand larceny ; by Nathan Joseph, Clay
street, jn not accounting for a pair of
diamond earrings valued at $2000, which
Joseph alleged he gave Goldstein to take
to the Klondike and ¦ sell, was dismissed
by ; Judge Cabaniss yesterday. The Judge
remarked that It, was a question of verac
ity between ; the complaining witness and
the defendant, and <he gave the defend
ant the benefit, of the, doubt. Attorney
Nagle appeared'for Joseph and ex-Judge
Paterson for the defendant.
There is a movement on foot to divide Santa Clara
County. This seems strange in view of the fact that
it has been generally understood that the county as it
is seems not to be large enough to hold
come of its political lights who arc fired by a dreamy
ambition.
It is said that the managers of Corbett and Jeffries
Ere not in accord on many matters connected with
the proposed mill. So long as they cannot agree
there is a chance that the fight will be on the square.
If they ever do, it will undoubtedly be a fake.
The Fire Committee of the Board of Supervisors
contemplates the passage of an order compelling the
. Board of Public Works to visit the local theaters. Do
they think, despite the dramatic critics, that some of
the productions are a little bit too warm?
CALIFORNIA'S PERIL.
Tae Coast "Unites fo Defeat the New
Jamaica Treaty.
A meeting of Importance was held yes
terday by the members of the California
State Board of Trade. J. A. Pllcher, who
for years past has held the position of
manager, was * compelled to retire from
office in order to • accept the position of
assistant manager of the Southern Far
cine Company's exhibit at the Interna
tional Exposition at Paris, W. H. Mills
holding the first place. The exhibit com
prises every product of the Pacific Coast
and weighs several hundred tons. Over
7000 specimens of ores and mineral pro
ducts have been sent to Paris in the.col
lection, and the first work of Mr.*Filcher
will be to install and label the entire lot
In the English and French languages. He
will be joined in London by Mr. Mills.
In consequence of Mr. Filcher'B retire
ment, the board appointed as his succes
sor George A. Dennison, formerly assist
ant to the manager.
Charles A. ¦ Miller of Riverside, repre
senting the orange growers of Southern
California, urged the board to stand with
the men of the south In the matter of
defeating the proposed treaty with Ja
maica. The request was granted, and the
following telegram was sent to Hon.
James Wilson of the Department of Ag
riculture at Washington :
"The treaty imperils the life of the cit
rus fruit industry and seriously injures
other. important interests In California,
The California State Board of Trade earn,
estly requests that • you - will assist our
Senators In defeating ratification."
A LESSON FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.
pZjOR many years Georgia claimed to be the em-
I pire State of the South. Her people, proud of
A the success achieved in the upbuilding of At
lanta and of several other cities of hardly less note,
fondly believed their State would continue to hold
the title undisputed. They have been startled to find
themselves outstripped in the matter of cotton manu
facturing "by ,South Carolina, and are busily engaged
in considering how it happened.
There are other folks than Georgians interested in
the subject. The development of the manufacturing
industry of South Carolina has been,. in fact, one of
the marvels of the last decade. The people are poor
they have no large cities, they have but little banking
capital, they have had no experience in factory work,
their advantages in the way of coal are less than those
of many other States, and they have nothing of su
periority in water power. Nevertheless they have
made such progress in the manufacture of cotton that
when certain large* additions now in process of con
struction are made to the existing mills South Caro
lina will rank second only to Massachusetts as a cot
ton manufacturing State.
A record of that kind is an interesting fact in the
history of American industry, and is well worth a
study. The Atlanta Constitution, for the' purpose of
disepvering the cause of South Carolina's progress,
sent a special correspondent to make a tour of the
State and carefully investigate the means by which
the work has been accomplished. He has made his
report to that paper, and it is as well worth reading
here as in Georgia.
South Carolina exempts cotton factories from tax
ation for a period of years, but the Constitution cor
respondent found that the exemption has. had little to
d 6 with the increase of her factories." The exemption
law was in force for many years, but no one took ad
vantage of it. Outside capitalists were indifferent to
it, and it can hardly be said to have brought a single
dollar to the manufacturing interests of the State.
A few years ago the people of South Carolina
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WABHINGTON, Feb. 6.-General Har
rison Gray Otis of Los Angeles is at the
Shoreham. He is here to attend the
funeral of General L&wton. J. L. Ham
mond of San Francisco is at the Raleigh.
The Fastest Train. Across ths- Con-
tlnent.
The California Limited. Santa Fe Rout*.
Connecting trains leave at 5 p. ta. Monday.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line t j
the East. Ticket office. 6:s Market street.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In taprored wtde-vestlbuled Pullmaa tsarist
sleepier cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to lock after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday aad
Friday. Ticket office. C 3 Market street.
HOTEL DEI. CORONWDO— Tais advaatar*
of the round-trip tickets. Now only f 5O by
steamship. Including fifteen 'days* board at ho-
tel; longer stay. S3 00 per day. Apply at 4 .\'e»
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
RED ROSES WERE
ON THE TABLE
Exquisite Music a Feature
of theiShingleber£er
Dinner.
One of tbe most delightful function* of
the season was the dinner given last even
ing by Miss Leah Shingleberger at the
elegant home of her aunt, Mrs. Nlebaum,
on Hyde street.
It was a red dinner and the color effects
were charmingly carried out in the dec
oration of the home and the table. Red
roses were used exclusively In beautifying
the board. . A feature of the dinner was
the exquisite music furnished by a string
orchestra during the service and when the
guests retired to the drawing-room for a
social hour before departure. Covers were
laid for eighteen. The guests were all
young people.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has beea used for fifty years by millions oJ
mothers for their children whll» Teethln* with
perfect success. It soothes tha child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, reg-J-
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy tor
Diarrhoeas, whether arislnj from teetais* or
other causes. For sale by drug-grists la every
port of the -world. Be sure and ask for ICra.
Wlnslow's Soothlne Syrup. 23c a bottle.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
D. D. Calkins of Tacoma Is at the Pal
ace.
Mr. and Mrs. Gevrga E. Churchill of
Napa are staying at -the Palace.
Sidney Newell, a prominent attorney of
Stockton, Is registered at the Lick.
G. B. McCord, one of the leading mer
chants of Hanford. is at tbe Grand.
W. Forsyth/the millionaire raisin grow
er of Fresno, is a guest at the Occidental.
V. S. McClatchv. editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, is registered at the California.
Dr. and Mrs. W. H. Williams, U. S. A..
are among the late arrivals at the Occi
dental.
H. C. B. GUI, a fortunate oil inspector
of Fresno, is among the recent arrivals
at the Grand.
F. J.- Carolan has come up from his
country home In Burllngame and Is a
guest at the Palace. -
A. P. Mlnear, a mining expert of New
York, Is at the Palace while in this city
on a short business trip.
Judge and Mrs. J. R. Lewis have come
up from their home In San Jose and are
staying at the Occidental.
Captain E. J. Rathborn, a wealthy and
popular steamship man of Seattle, Is one
of yesterday's arrivals at the Occidental.
Dr. F.-E. Loomis. a prominent physician
of Marcus, la., is registered at the Grand
while on a visit of pleasure lo this city.
T. J. A. Tiedmann, a well-known insur
ance man of Portland, Or., is a guest at
the Occidental, where he arrived yester
day.
Julius Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pa
cific Company left last night for Ogden.
He goes In pursuance of his official busi
ness.
T. Oka, a Japanese merchant, who Is on
his way home to tbe Orient after having
completed a business trip to New York
and the East, is at the Occidental.
OUR HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
A GRATIFx ING evidence of popular satisfac
tion in the Home Study Circle of The Call-is
shown by the degree of interest taken in the
fpring course, which will begin on- Thursday, Feb
luary 15. The new series of studies will, we believe,
be found to be even more interesting than that which
has been running during the fall and winter. At any
rate the series is to include studies of subjects which
arc pertinent to the issues of the time, and will there
fore have a seasonable value in addition to their in-
The chief events of the year outside of the war in
South Africa are to be the Presidential election in the
United States and the universal exposition in Paris.
Relating to tbe first, the Home Study Circle will
have a series of papers on American political par
ties; while, for the benefit of those who design a
trip to Paris, or who for any other reason desire a
fair knowledge of the subject, there will be a course
of articles giving twenty lessons in French conversa
tion.
The other topics to be treated will be hardly less
interesting to the general public. Literary culture is
to well nigh universal in the United States that in al
most every home there will be one or more members
of the family who will find delight in the comprehen
sive course to be given in the papers on the Golden
Ages of Literature. The articles on Recent Scien
tific Discoveries will reveal a large amount of new
information on scientific subjects even to those who
have kept themselves fairly well posted on the extra
ordinary advance made by scientists in recent years.
Then the other topics, Photography for Amateurs
and Biographical Studies for Girls, will appeal to
thousands of readers outside of those for whom they
tre specially designed.
It wi'l be perceived that the spring course includes
Studies in American politics, the history of literature,
French conversation, scientific discoveries, pho
tography and a notable series of biographical articles
upon the lives and work of eminent women. There
ere six courses, one for each day of the week, ex
cluding Sunday, so that the same daily opportunities
for home study given during the fall and winter will
be carried through the spring term.
The contributors to the series are among the most
eminent educators and writers, of the country. The
course on American politics will be under the direc
tion of Jesse Macy, LL. D., professor of political
science of lowa College; Professor Benno Kirsch
baum, a distinguished French scholar and teacher,
trill prepare the instruction in French conversation:
the articles on scientific discoveries will be under the
direction of Professor William J. Hopkins of Drexel
Institute; George W. Gilson, editor of the Profes
sional Photographer, will have charge of the studies
in amateur photography; the biographical studies
•uill be under the supervision of Mrs. Charlotte
Erewster Jordan, author of "Royal Women of Euro
pean History"; and Edward Everett Hale of Boston,
Dr. Parrott of Princeton, Professor Palmer of Yale,
Professor More of Harvard, Professor Smith of the
University of Wisconsin, Miss Vida D. Scudder of
Wellesley, will contribute the papers on literature.
To each series of papers there will be many able
and brilliant contributors in addition to those named.
The whole spring course, in fact, will be one of
marked interest, and will add much to the value of
TWe Call as a family newspaper.
AUCTION SAXES.
•
Vy Chaw A- Mes£*Ehs.ll— Friday. February S. at 12 o'clock.
Kace Horse*, at Oakland Uace Track.
chant street Is m a state of Indescribable
filth by reason of the washings of the
fish markets being swept into. the street.
The odors are so disagreeable that It is
almost impossible for property owners to
rent property in the vicinity. At tha cor
ner of Sansomeand Clay streets the ? arge
Niantic building is almost entirely unoc
cupied, while other large stores are va
cant, owing to the presence of the mar
kets on Clay street. The association pe
titions that an order be passed enforcing
the removal of rubbish at least once a
day, either In the early moi*n{ng or late
In .the evening, and making it a misde
meanor to sweep the market washings in
the street.
TRADE AND THE METRIC SYSTEM.
OWING to the intense competition of commerce
in these days and the closely matched powers
of the - principal competitors, any little advan
tage which one may have over another becomes a
matter of no slight importance. Consequently each
nation studies carefully the commercial system of the
other and takes note of every factor that affects the
world's market. Out of that condition of affairs has
come a revival of an agitation for the adoption of the
metric system of weights and measures in Great
Britain, for it appears that on the continent of Europe
the preference of the people for that system of
measurement constitutes a heavy handicap on the
sale of British goods in many of the Continental mar
kets.
The British Consul at Amsterdam is reported to
have recently directed the attention, of his country
men to some of the results of the handicap. It ap
pears the German manufacturers of iron and steel
have adopted a uniform scale of dimensions for cer
tain articles greatly in, demand, like steam boilers
and angle iron. These products arc carefully grad
uated in sizes for the trade, and the measurements all
conform to the metric standard. The latter already
prevails pretty generally on the continent of Europs.
Buyers there find it more convenient, consequently,
to patronize the German manufacturer than his
English rival, who adheres to the old system. For
bridge and other railway material, according to this
report, the preference is given to Germany; and in
the matter of pipes and tubes for water works "it is
absolutely certain that the Dutch market is com
pletely lost to Great Britain from the s?,me cause."
Incidentally it is added that a combination of Belgian
iron manufacturers has started works in China,
"where probably the Belgian system, and therefore
the metric, system, will be introduced."
Now that we have become large exporters of man
ufactured goods that information is of almost as
much interest to us as to the British. It seems in-,
evitable that the business world must come into some
sort of harmony in such matters. As all great com
mercial countries have found it of advantage to adopt
a common gold standard for their monetary systems,
so they will have to use a common system of weights
and measures. The many advantages the metric sys
tem has over that which prevails in the United States
and Great Britain renders it almost certain it will be
the system which will be accepted. Neither the
United States nor Great Britain, nor both combined,
can force their clumsy medieval method of weighing
and measuring upon the world in the face of the ex
cellent decimal system which the French have intro
duced and made popular throughout Europe. Sooner
or later we must come to it, and it would appear that
the sooner we do it the better.
THE gasoline schooner Nettle Low was capsized off
Bolinas In yesterday's northwester. Luckily the
captain, crew and passengers were saved, but the
vessel will probably be a total loss.
The Nettle Low left here at 8:45 o'clock yesterday
morning In charge of Captain T. G. Low. His crew con
sisted of his brother, J. A. Low, as engineer and Charles
Magruder. Mr. Bishop, a civil engineer connected with
the lighthouse department, and a Portuguese were passen
gers. There was a fair wind and no sea and no thought
was given of danger. When off Bollnas the wind fresh
ened considerably and was blowing nearly fifty miles an
hour at Point Reyes. A sudden puff of wind from the
shore caught the sail and keeled the vessel over and an
unusually large swell threw the schooner on her beam
ends. The passengers and crew took to the lifeboat and
rowed ashore, three miles distant. They reached land
safely and J. A- Low mounted a horse and rode to BoUr.aa
for assistance. Captain Low and.Magruder then roved
back to the vessel and anchored her and then waited for
a towboat. The anchor dragged, however, and the
schooner drifted to the shore. The brave skipper and Ms
assistant were carried out to sea, but were picked up by a
steam schooner bound north.
"When the towboat arrived Its services were not re
quired. She Is now lying on the north side of Bollnas
Point a total wreck. The Nettle Low was valued at J6OOO.
She carried butter from Point Reyes to San Francisco and
was well known on the bay.
The schooner Abbie also suffered during the north
wester. Her foresail was blown away and other damage
done. Shs cut back to port during the day.
In Senator-elect Thomas R. Bard the ideal man
with the hoe has been found in California. He was
caught in the act on his Ventura farm and brought
out, like another Cincinnatus, to save the good Dime
of a commonwealth.
GASOLINE SCHOONER NETTIE LOW
TURNS TURTLE OFF BOLINAS BAY
THE SAJS T Fll AX CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1900.
adopted another method. They began to build small
factories with local capital, and as soon as these were
proven to be profitable Northern capitalists hastened
to take stock in them and to share in the profits. It
is said that "last year, when no benefits or induce
ments were offered or applied for, more capital was
invested than in the thirteen years when State, county
and city taxes were either refunded or remained un
collccted."
The Constitution says: "Local confidence, local
energy and local 'enterprise' attract the attention of
outside capitalists who have money to invest, and
this is the secret of the- tremendous advance which
South Carolina has made in the direction of cotton
manufacturing. Our correspondent says that there
is not a courthouse town in that State where from
$50,000 to $100,000 cannot be raised for investment in
a cotton mill. , This is all the incentive that outside
capital needs. When capitalists see comparatively
poor people ready to club their small savings together
and put it in any particular industry their conclusion
is that the risk must be exceedingly small, and so
they follow the example set."
There is a lesson in that for Californians as well as
for Georgians. We have no cotton, but we have
much raw material that now goes East to be manu
factured. It will never be manufactured here until
we begin the work. When we prove the industry to
be profitable, Eastern capital will. flow in. California
is far richer than South Carolina, but in how many
"courthouse towns" can we raise $100,000 to start a
factory for the manufacture of the raw products of the
locality?
J When your throat and lungs ?
J arc perfectly healthy you ?
J needn't worry about the ?
J germs of consumption. They
t don't attack healthy people.
? It's the weak, debilitated, in-
flamed membranes that are
? First affected. Hard coughs
¥ and colds weaken your throat
V and lungs and make con-
f sumption more easy.
V If your lungs are weak
i scon's Emoision
Q U the best remedy you can take. It
fa soothes and heals and gives tone.
A and strength to these delicate mem-
T branes. In this way you can prevent
V consumption. And you can cure it jr
v also if you haven't had it too long. 9
3 Keep taking it until your lungs are $
0 strong and your weight restored. A
1 Atallt!rn«wt«;joc. aad f t.eo. - A
A SCOTT &BOWN E. CbemisU, New York. §
ADVERTISEMENTS.
6WbbMf GSI $1.00 DBr Year
ALCAZAR THEATER.
AN ASSURED SUCCESS.
Tg.nifrfit 'The Beautiful Comedy-drama,
1. FRIENDS!
Sat.
afl jj Enfiafiment of
c . Tfc» IMstlnjrulehed Actress,
bDßflaj. MARY HAMPTON.
JIS RESERVED SEATS igs
Next Vreek-"OH. SUSANNAH!"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"BOOT BION. Ye Canna Stop the RaslT
"Wonlda't That Keep You Wailing?"
DON'T MISS THE NETVV "FAIRY TALES!?"
THE FOURTH WEEIC
Of the Enormous Comle Opera Triumph,
THE IDOL'S EYE.
EVERY EVENINO AT «.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT X
THE SAME OLD PRICES— 26 and 60 cents.
Telephone Bush I.
V AN EARTHQUAKE CAN STOP THE
CROWDS THAT ARE POURING
IN TO SEE
•'The. CUCKOO"
So Ably Presented by the FRAWLEY CO.
Sunday Night. February 11. commences the
Farewell W**k of "An Unconventional Honey-
moon." Mia* Keith Wakeman's first appear-
ance with the Frawley Company.
SPECIAL I^THIS P.M.
First of the FcrtnSg-htly Popular Concerts.
THE HENRY HOLMES' QUARTET
AND CECIL HARDY.
Reserved Beats, Ssc £oc, Tso.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WED., FEB. T.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, H)c; children,
10c, ¦ any cart.
EVERYTHING NEW, NOVEL AND
ENTERTAINING.
MR. AND MRS. PERKINS FISHER In Ezra
Kendall's "HALF- WAT HOUSE": MICHELL;
THE HOLLO WATS: BRUET AND RIVIERE;
SOHLKE-S PICKANINNIES: P ARTIE .TRIO;
IRENE FRANKLIN; BIOGRAPH.
PAFMJNT/Y.
A Button to H. A. Gravaa.*" •*
At a meeting of California Council of
th« National Union last night, under psod
of the order, W. A- S. Nicholson on be-
half of the council presented to Hiram
A. Graves, who recently retired from the
office of president, a diamond-set emble-
matic button, In recognition of his fßlth-
ful and able management of the affairs
of the council during his term of office.
•wrir'Wlsnom, Walter- Mackay, Ed Muess
dorffer and Luke O'Connell. The enter
tainment was first-class and thorouirhJv
enjoyable.
PLANS FOR THE
ACQUISITION OF
ALL UTILITIES
Supervisors Urged to
Take Action.
REPORT OF CHIEF ENGINEER
? .
BOARD OF WORKS ASKS FOR AN
APPROPRIATION.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday re
ceived a communication from. City Engi
neer Grunsky in regard to a resolution
requesting the Board of Works to formu
late a plan under which the city may
gradually acquire its public utilities. The
report In part reads as follows:-
It is required by the charter that plans and
estimates be made of the cost of obtaining from
all of the available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good pure water. Taking tha
Investigations made by this municipality In
1876 as a guide It may be safely assumed that
ten independent sources of supply will have
to be examined. It will be necessary to investi
gate the quantity of water available for the
city's use. Its quality, storage facilities, con
duits for its delivery and Its distribution. The
minimum supply must be Investigated and it
is desirable that such Investigation should ex
tend over a number of seasons. The projects
will all Involve the crossing of tho bay with
a pipe line. It will be Impossible to reach final
conclusions within the year prescribed by the
charter, as little or no money can be raaiio
available to start actual work befora tho com
mencement of the next fiscal year.
It may be advisable to proceed by a process
of elimination and to determine on a basis
of a preliminary Investigation upon which
sources of supply final reports are most desired.
The projects to be examined and the order of
their Importance should be designated by the
Board of Supervisors, possibly after conference
with the Board of Works.
To further this end It would be advisable to
Issue a call for proposals to furnish water to
the city to request evidence as to the suffi
ciency of the supply and quality and the feasi
bility of Its delivery from the person or cor
poration offering the same. Similar steps
might also be taken In the matter of street
railroads so that the routes to be examined may
be designated. If this plan Is followed It Is
probable that a preliminary report can be made
within the time limit, provided that ample
means be placed at the disposal of the Engi
neer's office.
The following: estimate of the cost of
making the necessary surveys, plans and
reports is submitted, subject to correc
tion:
Water supply, on the assumption of six
projects to be examined 170.000
Gas works 7,600
Electric Hcht works, steam, water or
electric power works, telephone lines.. IS.OOO
Street rallrc-ads • 7.600
Miscellaneous examinations, eto 7,500
¦Total $107,600
These sums, particularly In the case of
water investigations, cannot be all ex
pended to advantage before January 8,
1901. Any appropriation made for the pur
pose should be In the aggregate for the
examination of air public utilities rather
than in specific sums for each class. It
would be desirable to have about $12,000
set apart for. use in this connection dur
ing the present fiscal year, as it would
give deflnlteness to. the work remaining to
be done after July 1,1000. .
1 Free Tickets I
E5 TO THB jpj
j Orpheum! |
B
BUT TOT7B EJ
j Lenox and [
j Ivory Soap f
9 BAVB TOUR WRAPPER* AND B
2 GET FREE TICKET* TO THB ¦
a ' S
I The Johnson-Locke I
jjrf^ Co., 1
5 204 FRONT STREET, q
I BAN FRANCISCO, |J
9 Wtn Exchanjr* for Lenox and Ivory m
a Boap Wrappers / , 9*
¦ FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHETTM H
_, UNDER THE FOLLOWING CON- «
U DITI0N8: Q
Q If You Want a tSe Reserved Seat H
¦ Send M Wrappers of LENOX 6OAP ¦
B Or U Wrappers of IVORT SOAP S
¦ Or els* send 15 Wrappers of LENOX 2
„ BOAP and « Wrappers of IVORT 60 AP 2
3 If Ton Want a SOo Reserved Seat B
I Bond 60 Wrappers of LENOX 60AP Q
3 Or U Wrappers of IVORT SOAP £f
• Or els* send IE Wrappers of LENOX 2
I EOAPand 11 Wrappers Of IVORT BOAP ¦
8888888888888888888888
AMTJSEMZNTS.
The Call's
Home Study Circle
HOW TO STUDY SHAKESPEARE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES' IIN SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward Dowden, Dr, William J. Rolfe* Dr. Hamilton W
Mable. Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Corscn. Dr. Isaac N. Demmon. Dr. Vida D Scudder
and others.
Suicide Puts an
End to Pain of
Mrs; d'Sylveira
of Oakland*
The friends of the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. ' •
Wedding invitations, visiting cards,
Koh-I-noor pencils, Waterman fountain
pens, pocket knives and everything useful
m the stationery line. Best goods and
best prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street. . fißaSß&Sfe-P^^'-f '*'
Two Insolvents.
James B. McKlnney of North Bloom
field. Nevada County, filed a petition In In
solvency in the United States District
Court yesterday. His liabilities are $COO X)
¦and he has* no assets.
John J. Dolan of San Francisco filed a
similar petition, with liabilities at £«40,
assets $397.75. ,
CHUTES AND ZOO.STttSS" 1
DOUGLAS AND FORD. Eccentric Slnrers and
Dancers: DELLA 6T. CLAIRE. Soubrette;
VALKTRA. Equilibrist; MAJOR MITE, the
Emalift Actor on Earth, ¦-_*_.
AND A GttEAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
amatel-r lawn partt
to-morr"ow night,
fatcroat night cake walk.
Phone for Seat* PARK 23.
Hardware Men Made Merry.
An annual banquet of the proprietors
and employes of the Palace Hardware
Company and invited ; guests took place
last Saturday evening. F. H. Ellis pres
ident of the company, presided. Speeches
were made by Messrs. Ellis and Oscar F.
Sites. Henry Strohlen sang and Mrs.
Charles Hellwlg recited. Those present
were: F. H. Ellis, Oscar F. : Sites, Mrs.
Williams, Miss Rose Sites, Mrs. O. F.
Sites, Mr. and Mrs. Daugherty, Robert J.
Wisnom. Mrs. Robert "Wisnom, Miss Par
sons, Mrs. Margaret Robinson, Mr. and
Mrs. ¦ Charles' Hellwig. Henry Strohlen,
CONCERTS A2*D BESOET3.
The Gleason Murder.
Ernest Narjot was arraigned in Judge
Frltz'3 court yesterday on the charge of
murdering J.' O'Neill Gleason in Stanley's
Grotto, Turk and Mason streets, January
28. He was represented by ex-Judge P'er
ral and Attorney Sweeney. The prelim
inary examination was .fixed for Friday
afternoon at 2 o'clock.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-OALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1000
January M to February 10. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Ean Francisco at Un».U n». and
12:80. J. 1:30. 2. *:*> »nd I p. m.. connecting
with trains stopplnz at tbe entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dies asd their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Bhell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak*
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue oars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes. .
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after tbe last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
Took a Dose of Morphine.
R. H. Haley, a laborer who has been
despondent and out of employment, made
an Ineffectual attempt yesterday to end
hi 3 sorrows by taking a dose of morphine
In a saloon at the corner of Fifth and
Harrison streets. The would-be suicide
was hurried to the Receiving Hospital,
where Dr. Bunnell attended turn.
Herman Lesser, 717 Market st.,
Will sell $20,000 worth of fine shoes, sale
to begin to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 a. m.
This is the best stock of shoes ever of
fered at a- forced sale. Ladles' fine kid
shoes, worth $2.50, for only 75c a pair. 717
Market street, near Third. •
VALLEY ROAD ABOUT THROUGH.
Construction of the Line Rapidly-
Drawing Toward Completion.
Work on the Valley road Is going right
ahead, and If the good weather continues
the middle of April will see the first load
of freight and passengers landed in San
Francisco.
The road has now been laid four miles
this side of Cornwall, which leaves the
comparatively small gap of three miles
to be covered before the rails will extend
In one unbroken line from Stockton to the
great Franklin tunnel. The tunnel once
reached, the ties can be placed and the
rails laid through it as soon as the con
tractors desire, as the tunnel is In entire
readiness for their reception. It . will
probably be a week or ten days before
the rails are put In and trains running
through the big hole In the hill. The
twenty-one or twenty-two miles between
Franklin tunnel and Point Richmond are
all graded and only waiting for the plac
ing oT the track. This work will be
pushed ahead as quickly as construction
can be accompfished.
The heavy work of the Point Richmond
wharf is all finished and the men are now
employed on the sllp3 and aprons. This
will take them about a month or six
weeks, when everything will be in readi
ness for the reception of the Ocean Wave,
which will do the water transportation
until the completion of the new boat now
building at the Union Iron Works.
RULOFSON IS NOT
HALL'S ADOPTED SON
JXJTKJB BELCHER FINDS HE TTAfI
NO LEGAL CLAIM.
Executor of Decedent's Will Is Given
Judgment for the Property and
His Co9ts of Action.
Alfred C. Rulofson Is not the legally
adopted son of the late Captain Winslow
G. Hall. Neither is he entitled to tho ed
tate of the deceased. Such are the con
clusions of Judge Belcher, expressed In a
decision Hied yesterday. Mr. Rulofson
who Is a son of William H. Rulofson a
member of the late firm of Rulofson &
Bradley, filed suit shortly 'after the death
of Captain Hall to recover decedent's es
tate on the theory that he was the legally
adopted son of the deceased, and although
not mentioned In his will was in fact en
titled to the 'entire estate. George 10.
Billings, as executor of the decedent's
will, made answer to the demands of th«
plaintiff and denied that the claimant had
ever been adopted by the deceased, ani
he prayed in his answer that the claims
of the plaintiff be denied and that defend
ant be given Judgment for his co3ts.
In concluding his opinion Judge B-lcher
said that upon the facts and circum
stances adduced In evidence the plaintiff
has not established the allegations of his
complaint, and the finding must be that
the plaintiff is not the adopted son of
Captain Winslow G. Hall; that Captain
Hall did not agree to make hi/n his heir,
or at his death, or at any time, by vill
or otherwise, to leave him his entire prop
erty, or any of It. or anything.
In conclusion the court orders that tho
plaintiff take nothing by his action an-1
that the defendant take his proper costs.
The original and only patented
Sanden Electric Belt, marked
"Patented," made by Dr. A. T.
Sanden under his patent of May
sth, 1896. I challenge any one to
dispute the above. Call and test
these Belts or send for prices and
book, "Three Classes of Men,"
mailed free. Address
DR. E. P. HALL,
LION DHUC CO., .
Cof. Market and Stockton Sts., San Francisco
At Half Price
EDWARD AIGELTINGER
MAY SUCCEED MAHONY
Friends of the Ex-Supervisor Want
Him Appointed a Member of the
Board of Public Works.
Owing to the death of his mother.
Mayor Phelan has not announced the suc
cessor to Mr. Mahony of the Board of
Public Works. A great deal, of specula
tion is rife among the politicians and
business men as to the man who will be
appointed to the position. As a vacancy
must be filled by a Republican, a great
deal of conjecture Is being had over the
probable appointee.
Edward H. Aigeltlnger. a member of
the last Board of Supervisors under the
old charter, has been prevailed upon by
leading citizens to offer his name for the
place. Prominent merchants of this city
are outspoken in their indorsement of
Mr. Aigeltlnger for the place, because of
his being a practical business man and
one who was always ready to discuss
matters that came up before the old
board In a strictly businesslike manner
As chairman of the Street and Finance
committees, Mr. Algeltinger accomplished
a great deal for the city, and his friends
want to see him appointed a member of
the Board of Public Works.
mRS. ERMALINH D'SYI/vTSIRA. who lived at
809 Wood street. Oakland, put an end to her ex
istence yesterday afternoon by jumping Into the
bay from the ferry boat Bay City. The. suicide
was the wife of a b«arber named Manuel ,J. d'Sylvelra.
whose place of business Is on Clay street, near East, and
has been a chronic Invalid for years. It is believed that
suffering rendered her temporarily demented, as she tried
to commit suicide three months ago by taking carbolic
acid while partially out of her mind-'. .
The Bay City left the narrow gauge Oakland mote at
10 minutes after 8 o'clock and had Just passed Goat Isl
land, when a gentleman rushed Into the pilot-house and
Informed Captain Leale that two .ladies had seen a wo
man floating in the wake of the- eteamer. Captain Leale
stopped the steamer immediately, and the deckhands did
such quick work that a boat was' lowered as the steamer
came to a standstill. The boat was sent back for a dis
tance of a half mile, but the woman had ~ sunk and all
that was found was a plaid golf cape and a gray hat with
a black band and quills. On the starboard side of the
hurricane deck Captain Leale found a pair of dark tan
gloves and a purse of dark leather, the purse containing
SO cents, a ferry ticket, a scapular and a card. On one
side of the card. In script, was. the name "Mrs. Brmallne
d'Sylvelra," and on the other the address, "809 "Wood
street, Oakland. Cal."
A messenger was sent to that address, and finding no
body at home Informed Mrs. Dugrau, a near neighbor,
of what had happened. Mrs. ' Dugrau sent a drug clerk
named McCaffey to this city to Inform the husband.
D'Sylveira hastened home, and was coaxed by his friends
to go to one of their homes with his little boy Alfred, as
the. angulshr of the bereaved -husband was so great that
It was feared he would try to Join his wife in death. His
whereabouts was not divulged, but Mrs. Dugrau was per
fectly willing to state the circumstances surrounding the
suicide.
"Mrs. d'Sylveira has been an invalid for years," she
said, -'and tried to kill herself three months aero by taking
carbolic add. She took her "little boy to Oak Station to
day and sent him home with the word she was not going
to return. He told me, and I told the servant the hus
band hired to do the work some time ago. A search re
vealed that she had left a brief note to her husband that
her 6Ufterlng was more than she could bear, and she had
concluded to end It all. The two never had any domestic
trouble at all. Mrs. d'Sylvelra was 83 years old, and has
lived next door to me over 6ince she was married, at the
age of 19."
Scene of the Suicide.
AXXTSEXEHTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN £M.
TILL FURTHER NOTICE.
The Theatrical Eeasatlon of the City.
ALADDIN JR.
EULOOT SUPERFLUOUS.
ASK THOSE WHO HAVE BEEN IT.
t'ETTAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved seat in orchestra at Saturday
2s cents.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
EXTRA.
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT »:15. Fare-
well Appearance of the Eminent Soprano,
LLE. ANTOINETTE TREBELLI.
In a. Dellrttful Proprainrne. Including the
Famous LAUGHING EOXO.
All the Gerr.s cf Her Recent Concerts.
POPULAR TRICES— Kc. ECc. 75c $1.
Ee&ts on sal* at Fherman. Clay Sk Co.'s music
store ar.d at the Grertd Opera-house box office.
THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FAMOUS
BOSTONIANS
Presectlrr tor the First Time Here,
« THE LIGHT OPERA.
THE SMUGGLERS
OF BADAYEZ.
By MIKKOWSKT and RANKEN.
Monday. February 11, THE BOETOXIAKS.
first production on any stage, of
. "THE VICEROY."
»h g h t ?! a 7 3 and Poems substantially
through before attempting to deal with
them analytically or to make a compre
hensive plan for finding out all there id in
them. One will not nnd Shakespeare in
a single play, although in every play
there Is something of the genius of the
ma >!h .. c m y Ht cx P lo re the entire artistic
habitation which the poet built for h!m
selr before he can feel at home with th*
architect. It counts a great deal in Judg
in S of an artist to get into the atmosphere
of his mind, and one must read many
plays before he gets into the Shakespear
ean atmosphere. It is wise, therefore, to
read the plays from beginning to end, and
to get the first and obvious delight which
comes from such reading. The man who
Is bent on analysis, either literary or phil
osophical, is not in the way of receiving
the freshest Impact from the work with
which he is dealing. To get that one xaust
surrender himself completely to the Im
pression of the work; this is what the
Shakespearean student must do In the first
Instance. He must read the plays for the
sake of the plays— for plot, story, human
interest, character drawing and the ex
haustless delight which comes from
Shakespeare's style.
It la often assumed that because Shake
speare is a classic he is therefore unin
teresting save to cultivated people, and
»£, chlldr en especially can make little
°" "lF\. or saln little from him. Nothing
could* be further from the truth. To any
man who has Imagination, no matter how
defective his training, or to any chlU
who has fancy. Shakespeare Is Interest-
Ing from the very start; for the story
telling element, of which he is a master.
is as pronounced and as effective as it
is In most of the great novels. To the
uncultivated and the cultivated alike this
Is the most immediate charm of Shake
speare and therefore the easiest way of
approaching him. To regard this elemen
tal Interest as something superficial an<i
not worthy the serious student Is to miss
Shakespeare's greatest quality— that is to
say, his literary quality; for It is the
prime business of literature not to in
struct us, but to stimulate and enlarge
our imaginations by interesting u<?. The
book which does not Interest after a fair
approach to it may contain valuable
thoughts or solid information, but can
not be literature: because Shakespeare's
plays are primarily literature and not
ethics, philosophy or philology; they are
extremely interesting 1 . One ought not to
be afraid to read Shakespeare for the
same reason that one reads Scott, Dick
ens or Thomas Hardy.
When such an acquaintance has been
formed and the student has become fa
miliar with the plays as a whole, perhaps
the next step Is to carry to its end the
process already begun; that Is to say. to
realize clearly in the Imagination the dra
matist himself. It Is sometimes said that
it is of no consequence what kind of a
man thfe author of a piece of work or
art is, so long as the work itself Is worth
while; but the fallacy of this principle is
shown by the fact that nobody ever acts
upon it. Everybody wants to know some
thing about the man whose pictures he is
seeing, whose architecture he Is studying
or whose written words he Is reading.
This is instinctive and it la universal and
therefore there is a good reason for it.
That reason is to be found in the fact
that a man's work, if it be really great
and Individual, is part of himself. It la
not a mere expression of his skill, some
thing which he has put together as a car
penter puts a house together, or a mason
lays a wall. It is something which he
has made out of himself. The special
quality of It Is not anything which he
gains from the world without or from
other artists; It is something which he
unconsciously Imparts to It from his own
nature. Thus there Is- in the work of
?«»ry great writer something distinctive
dr<3 -Individual; compounded x>t his- -tent.*
perament, his genius and bis character.
and that something Is the most original
and precious quality in his work. Every
thing else can be Imitated or reproduced
save that elusive quality of personality.
"When people are eager, therefore, to know
something about the writer of a book
they are on the right track, although
their curiosity is sometimes more eager
than Intelligent and their way of satisfy
ing it more energetic than delicate.
There was such a man as Shakespeare,
and there are plain records of him. When
the student has felt the charm of his
work and has learned something about
It he may well try to find the man; he
has already. If he is intelligent, found a
good deal about him in his work. It In
often said that as that work is dramatic,
and therefore impersonal, there la no rev
elation of the dramatist in It. This is a
great mistake. The dramatist is not to
be found in his work in the same aense
in which the lyrical poet is generally to
be found; the sentiments which are put
upon the lips of his actors must not be
put upon his own lips; he does not reveal
himself in the direct, definite and con
crete fashion- In which the makers of
some other kinds of literature often re
veal themselves. But no one can study
the plays of Shakespeare without becom
ing aware that they disclose a general
conception of life; that they are con
structed on the theory that certain results
follow certain causes. The keynote cf
those plays Is to be found In the word
character, as the keynote of the Gree*
plays was to be found in the word des
tiny. Shakespeare believed profoundly Jn
the moral order of the world. He be
lieved also In social and political order;
he believed In order In the Individual life.
In the balance of qualities. In the subor
dination of the lower to the higher. It Is
easy to see that he was not a cynic; that
he had not an Impure mind, although the
coarseness of his time Is sometimes re
flected in his work; that he was not a
morbid man. In a word. It is not dlfflcit't
to find the spiritual man behind the work.
The order in which the plays were en
tered at the stationer's Is known. It is
therefore possible to trace the growth of
his mind. Many facts about his persona!
life are known. In spite of statements
to the contrary. Stratford Is full cf
Shakespearean associations. All this ma
terial can be found In a few good dooks
like Mr. Lee's "Life of Shakespeare. "
Professor Barrett Wendell's "William
Shakespeare." Professor Dowden's "Mind
nnd Art of Shakespeare" and Georj?
Brandes' "William Shakespeare: A Crit
ical StUdy." .en.%.
Having gotten the image of Shakespeare
in one's mind, the student will do well to
take up the plays and study them moro
critically. With the aid of a good tex*.
good notes and Introductions he ought to
understand the background of each play:
that is to say. the sources from whicli !t
was derived, the time In Shakespeare's*
life In which it was written and any pe
culiar circumstances attending either its
creation or its production.
This knowledge is not difficult of ac
cess. It Is idle for the roan who does not
intend to be a Shakesperean scholar to at
tempt to master all the Shakespearean
literature. The general student need 3 to
put himself In possession of such facts ns
will enable him to group the plays In the
order of their production with referenca
to the growth of Shakespeare's mind, to
understand the sources from which the
plots or parts of the plays were d-erived
and" the immediate historical background.
When he has done this. In addition to th«s
other things which have been enumerate-1,
he Is In a position to read and enjoy the.
plays to the full. From this point he may
go r»i Indefinitely to study the philosophy
of life behind the -plays, which he may
discover for himself or which he may takn
from a half-dozen authorities, among
them Denton Snider, whose very «uc
gestlve commentaries need not b« wholly
accepted In order to be thoroughly en-
Joyed. After all. the best way to kno*
Shakespeare Is to possess a good edition
In small volumes, such an edition, for In
stance, as the Temple Shakespeare; to
carry a volume In- one's pocket; to fit
down one's newspaper reading and to de
vote one's time, as one travels In street
cars, railway trains and ferries, to the
reading of Shakespeare.
New York City.
Note— This concludes the Shakeapeara
course. Examinations wtll be set to-mor
row and Monday as a basis for the grant-
Ing of certificate*.
XIIL HOW TO STUDY SHAKE
SPEARE.
Ho would be a bold man rather than a
wise one who should attempt to lay down
a system of rules for the study of Shake
speare which should be equally applica
ble to persons of all conditions of intelli
gence, previous preparation and taste.
There are almost as many ways of study-
Ing as there are students; and one of the
most important results of education is
not to secure a certain amount of infor
mation or training, but to learn how to
study. The wise advlseV will not venture
in such a matter beyond a few hints,
which may be taken as suggestions rather
than as directions.
It is a matter of prime importance to
become Interested in the subject which
one is to study. When one has become
interested he may know that the mind
has taken hold, and after that the process
of perception, assimilation and digestion
goes on rapidly and almost automatically.
In the study of Shakespeare it Is best to
begin by making the poet's acquaintance
in the most direct and familiar fashion.
It is impossible to begin to study a man
Intelligently until you are fairly well ac
quainted with hfm. To study his environ
ment before you have seen him or to try
to make a chart of his characteristics be
fore he has revealed himself to you In fa
miliar intercourse Is to begin at the wrong
end and waste your time. Great works of
art are not begun by rule, nor are they
carried on by precept, although both ru'.es
and precepts may be derived from a study
of their methods after they are com
pleted. Great works of art are not mas
tered and their spiritual and artistic con
tent Is not assimilated by following ab
stract methods, although after one has
learned them by heart he may be able to
retrace and mark out the processes by
which they have been produced. A great
many useful books are written In the?e
days about other books, but these aids,
guides and commentaries ought not to be
used at the start; what Is needed then is
direct contact with the subject. The stu
dent who is going to study Shakespeare
would better begin by getting on easy
terms .with him; that Is to say, by read-
INSANE SOLDIER ESCAPES
FROM PRESIDIO HOSPITAL
ELUDED HIS GUARD WHILE BE
ING TAKEN TO BREAKFAST.
Searchers Fall to Locate VHm — Fun
eral of Mrs. Texton, "Wife of O
Troop's First Sergeant.
John Quinn, a private in Company E of
the Eighteenth Infantry and an Insane
patient In the general hospital at the Pre
sidio, escaped from his guard yesterday
morning and has not since been captured.
Qulnn came in on the Senator. He was
violent at times and so was put under
strict surveillance, a sentry being detailed
to follow him. about whenever he left his
quarters. Yesterday morning he was
taken down to breakfast In the big dln
ing-rc;gi>_ t « r*d In eorae-way he elude-} th«
vigilance ! of hli guard and got clean
away. All yesterday men of the hospital
corps were out looking for him, but up to
late last night they had heard nothing of
him.
Qulnn is a man about 80 years of age.
When he got away he was dressed i>i
khaki trousers and a blue shirt, without
a blouse. He is clean shaven and has the
look of an Insane man in his face. It in
not considered that he is dangerous, but
he is likely to give some one a scare be
fore he is again lodged In the hospital.
His guard has gone the way of all defect
ing sentries. He has been put under ar
rest pending trial on a charge of allowing
a person in his care, similar to a prisonei ,
to escape. *
The wife of First Sergeant Texton of
Troop G of the Sixth Cavalry, who died
suddenly at the Presidio on Sunday last
of heart disease, was burled In the Na
tional Cemetery yesterday by the Order
of the Eastern Star, of which she was a
past grand matron.
Bernard McDonogh, a private of Com
pany F of the Third Infantry, died at the
general hospital yesterday. He came c\er
from the Islands on the transport Senator.
The bodies of the men brought nonw
from Manila are being shipped East very
rapidly, but they are coming In nearly as
rapidly, and so the storehouses are kept
full. The department headquarters has
had to refuse a great many applications
for bodies because they are not made by
authorized persons. The military law
takes notice of no one who is not a rela
tive or some one authorized by a relative
to arrange for the disposal of the body,
so all who are not entitled to considera
tion are being refused. Colonel Long, un
der wbom is the work of shipping the bod
ies to their proper destinations, competing
too that frequently orders regarding the
disposal of a body will come from three
or four of the same family, and they are
not always In harmony. In such cades It
takes time and a great deal of trouble to
arrive at a knowledge of Just what the
relatives wish. There has been no serious
hitch so far, however, and what delays
have occurred are chargeable more to the
relatives than to the officials in charge of
the dead.
INVALID WOMAN LEAPS TO
DEATH IN THE ICY WAVES
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1900.
® ®
® ' ®
® (?)
® • ©
© ©
!@ is capital; is the basis of all agreements; is ®
© truth personified. When one has confidence • ®
in anything thej)attle is half won, but lack of ®
© it imperils success from the beginning. It ®
® is but natural and right that religious teach- ©
® ers should inspire confidence. If they can- .. ®
© not be trusted and believed in, who can be? ©
® It is with this thought that the following par- ®
® agraph is given to our readers frbm a clergy- . @
© man well and favorably known: ©
© ©
© ©
© .©
% ASHAWAY, R. 1., Feb. 25, 1899. |
0 It is to me a duty as well as a pleasura ~
0 to acknowledge that Warner's Safe Cure
q has, under God, been the means of pre- r"
~ serving my life. Not only so, but other §
J~ members of my family have been greatly )x
~ benefited by a use of the same remedy, ~f
pi and scores of men and women of my ®
acquaintance have told me that they ®
have been cured in like manner by a ©
© use of this marvelous medicine. It seems ©
® to act beneficially when all other reme- ®
® dies fail. I heartily indorse and recom- ©
® mend its use to all sufferers in need of a 0
® medicine for the kidneys. This testi- 0
® monial is sent unsolicited and in the 0
<7\ only hope that it will do good r:
0 (Rev.) C JAMES BUDLONG. ®
<5> ®
© H*6lcal advice fre«. Address Warner's Baf« Curs Co., Rochester, V. T. ®
<7) Mlcroaecplcal examinations <m application. ( -
€> ®
© ©
® . ©
®®©©©©S)©©®©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©®®
hr X^^^^y^V^t^r^nFJ^ff^Wfft^l
/SjHSI Coughs, Colds,
ffrjffigjiffl Asthma, Bronchitis,
V(MMr%f Hoarseness
and Sore Throat.
facsimile <dff/>? "^'on'vnrj
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL. COKBAND PIO IRON.
J f WIT SON !( ffl 90 ° Battery Btreet.
J' y nILJUiI Q tU-, Telephone Main 104.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX Supt. H. BLYTH, Mffr.
CVJ CMITH Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
V- T7 O/ll IH. « n d Ship Work a Specialty. U
and U Washington st. Telephone Main 6641.
FRESH AND SACT MEATS.
lAS RfIYFSfcCO- "lpplnr Butchers, m
JA3- DU I LD \X \AJ-, Clay. Tel. Main im.
FURS.
J. O, LUfJIAU, ,t y | #<i 1,,,,,,, prie . fc ?m o< J«;ing'.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMFTTP PULP AND paper co..
V ILLAiUCI I C 7a Montgomery it.
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY. HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENINO THIS WEEK,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LONDON LIFE!
Next Sunday Afternoon— The Real JEFFRIES-
SHARKEY CONTEST PICTURES. These
Pictures will be exhibited Every Afternoon at
2:15: Evenings at 8:15. Contest will begin
promptly as announced, owing to the fight
going the limit — twenty-five rounds.
PRICES
Matinee (general admission), 25c and SOo.
Evenings (reserved), 15c, 25c, 86c, SOo and 75c.
OLYMFJA c^M&»
The Only Fre« Vaudeville Show In the City.
MLLE. THELMA,
In Poees Plastique.
1/1/ 1 1 I H HII I
King of the High Wire.
FAREWELL WEEK OF
C/\D U/ILSON,
The Klondike Soubrette.
And a Host of First-class Vaudeville Stars.
A $10,000 belt and chatelaine belonging to
Cad Wilson can be seen In the show windows
of the Baldwin Jewelry Store. 844-816 Market
etreet.
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. AMATEUR
NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
' FRINTIN3.
STATIONS'* AND PRINTER.
T "g?e p s b " PARTRIDGE to
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL/S&^S
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at Its. GREEN
lU VISit COLLIERIES. Is tbe Best Coal la tb.
m»rk«t. Offlc* and Yards — ISO stain strML •
7e\fc» York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— The stock market re
tained its general characteristics to-day of
strength and breadth. A large outside interest ,
was manifest and the professional operators
who bought at the lower le,vel were busy in
bidding up the prices of their holdings and
in feeding the new demand to take their
profits; but while selling stocks from the one
hand to realize on the rise they were taking
on new holding* of different stocks with the
other. Apparently the confidence that stocks
which have not yet shared In the advance
could be induced to move upward was unlm
paired and the holdings of the large financial ,
Interests which have taken hold of the market
were broadened and extended. The duration
of this kind of upward movement does not '
always depend Ftrictly on the continuance of
the public demand for stocks. There Is a con
etanl process of unloading by compact and
well organized financial Interests into the
hands of scattered and unskilled speculators
who have not the same exi*?rience and adroit
ness In protecting their holdings, ncrr the same
resources for maintaining them. The progress
of a bull movement almost inevitably results
in the transfer of holdings from strong to
weak hands and leaves the market vulnerable
to attack by bear operators who are able to
force Belling by offering down prices and un
covering margins. Even to-day attempts by
bear operators were in evidence to force de
clines, but the general demand for stocks con
tinued so good and the large holdings are still
Jn puch strong hands that the market resisted
bear assaults and presented a hard and un
yielding surface, even at points where realiz
ing was going on. Yesterday's strength In
National Steel gave way to realizing to-day
and the metal group of stocks was without
any conspicuous leadership. Norfolk and
Western was also sold to take profits all day
after an opening rise of a point, but refused
to yield below last night's level. Tennessee
Coal was forced down at one time 3% points.
Bears centered their attack on Sugar and had
that *tock down at one time to 1%4- Rumors
that the refineries were to shut down and over
prfiduction to be worked off at a loss figured
in the manipulation. But in the meantime
en aggressive buying movement developed In
the trunk lines, led by Pennsylvania, the
ooalens. led by Reading first preferred, on the
decision to pay a dividend and In the grangers
and westerns, led by St. Paul and Atchlson,
both common and preferred. The Baltimore
and Ohio also after a pause of a day to di
pest profit-taking renewed the advance. The
progress toward extension of holdings by the
(rreat railroad systems of leaser and competing
ryptems had much to do with the strength of
Pennsylvania and other lines supposed to be
In process of absorption. The coming advance
in the tidewater freight rates on bituminous
coal was also an element. In the outside mar
ket there was an advance of over 3 points to
245 In the price of Standard Oil on the declara
tion of a dividend of 20 per cent for the quar
terly period. Last year's dividends were 6,
12. I and 10 per cent respectively for the four
Quarters. There wan also activity l:i the
Amalgamated copper shares. The closing of
the n;a.rket was active and strong at about
the toj>.
The bond market showed increased activity
and general strength. Total sales, par value,
53.C25.C00.
United States 3s advanced 4 and the new 4s
U In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhares Closlne
Sold, m ISM.
7,G)3 Atchlson :.. 21%
17.750 Atrhlson prefd «. €44
SS.&3O Baltimore & Ohio C 3%
Canadian Pacific &6%
500 Canada Southern 43T4
4,!H»2 Oh«-wir>eak«> & Ohio 30
4.S'» Chicago Great Western 14%
15.C50 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 126%
2uO Chlcaco Ind & Louisville 16
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 48',,
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 934
823 Chicago & Northwestern 163%
7,fc50 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 110%
I.MS CCCiEI Louis a%
Articles— * Open. High. Low. Clos.
Wheat No. 2—
February 65% 65% 634 654
May 67% 67% 674 67%
July 654 68% 67% 67%
Corn No. 2—
February 31
May 33% 334 834 334
July 33-4 34 33% 33} i
Oats No. 2— ..¦-¦..¦;¦;¦ -
May 234 23% 22% 22%
July 22% 22% 22% ¦ 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 10 95 1110 10 95 1110
July 11 024 11124 11024 11 124
Lard, per 100 lbs— - ~ . >
May 6 10 6 15 6 10 6 15
July 6 174 6 224 6 174 « 224
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 6 924 600 6 924 5 974
July 5 974 600 5 974 600
100 Colorado Southern 6% I
120 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 434
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15
Delaware &. Hudson 114
400 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .l7B
3.825 Denver & Rio Grande 19H
1,260 Denver & Rio Grande prefd <2»-«
490 Erie 1?H
2,li') Erie Ist prefd «4
500 Great Northern prefd lw>
300 Hocking Coal 174
150 Hocking Valley 344
600 Illinois Central 113
140 lowa Central 12
3'M lowa Central prefd £4
2.JSO Kansas City I'lttsburg & Gulf 94
Lake Erie & Western 20H
200 Lake Erie & Western prefd S4
Lake Shore 19*
8.5&0 Louisville & Nashville 81T4 !
17.1W Manhattan Elevated SSH
2,40") Metropolitan Street Railway 173
1.009 Mexican Central HT»
1.200 Minneapolis & St Louis 644
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94
15.230 Missouri Pacific 47%
660 Mobile & Ohio 424
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
35.500 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 344
1.21J0 New Jersey Central 117S
10,617 New York Central 136%
60.750 Norfolk & Western 29>-4
7,115 Norfolk & Western prefd 73%
10.?20 Northern Pacific 54
3,&0 i) Northern Pacific prefd 76>4
17,482 Ontario & Western 24**
Oregon Hallway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
53.14') Pennsylvania 133";
1,4 i» Reading IS
14,i30 Reading Ist prefd 67%
4.C20 Reading 2d prefd 234
Rio Grande Western 42
Rio Grande Western prefd 82
275 St Louis & San Fran 10T«
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 654
LCOJ St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36H
200 St Louis Southwestern ll l «
2,150 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2S}»
27,3»0 St Paul 1244
195 St Paul prefd 1714
100 St Paul & Omaha » US
25.550 Southern Pacific 404
f.lOO Southern Railway 12%
8.65» Southern Railway prefd S2 1 *
2.225 Texas & Pacific 16V»
25,»00 Ui:lon Pacific 43
9,«5 Union Pacific prefd 77
3iAi Wabash 7%
2.K55 Wabash prefd 21%
3.410 Wheeling & Lake Erie, 10%
4.07S Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 25%
1.910 Wisconsin Central 1S(t»
Express Companies—
Adams 119
American 147
United States 48
....;* Well* Fargo ..- 123
Miscellaneous —
LOOO American Cotton Oil 34%
American Cotton Oil prefd 93
300 American Malting 6
420 American Malting prefd 28
4.300 Am Smelting & Refining 434
2,100 Am Smelting & Refining prefd »14
American Spirits 34
American Spirits prefd 17
9.455 American Steel Hoop 49
2.H5 American Steel Hoop prefd S.">4
25.660 American Steel & Wire 5S>
4r.0 American Steel & Wire prefd 1.. 94H
8.173 American Tin Plate „. Z6\
I**) American Tin Plate prefd 834
41.370 American Tobacco 107
American Tobacco prefd 133
5,135 Anaconda Mining Co 44%
41.550 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 764
~,'.m Colorado Fuel A Iron 47T4
8.310 Continental Tobacco 35
2.000 Continental Tobacco prefd 65%
14. 150 Federal Steel 67%
2.673 Federal Steel prefd 77%
€50 General Electric ; 128
2.030 Glucose SugTir 67%
Glucose Sugar prefd 100%
125 International Paper 24%
70C International Paper prefd 70
Laclede Gas 79
1,420 National Biscuit 394
National Biscuit prefd 93T4
tOO National Lead 264
National I^ead prefd 104%
22.500 National Steel 61%
736 National Steet prefd 95
100 New Tork Air Brake 125
North American 144
515 Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S3
172 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6T.4
3.C00 Pacific Mall 42%
9,423 People's Gas 1094
1.410 Pressed Steel Car 574
110 Pressed Steel Car prefd 874
500 Pullman Palace Car 157%
3f>o Standard Rope & Twine 9
140.E55 Sugar 110
210 Sucar prefd 112
10.210 Tennessee Coal A Iron Sfl%
10,930 United States Leather li%
2,425 United States Leather prefd 76%
United Stnten Rubber 354
United States Rubber prefd 102
7.35 Western Union £6%
10.4«i5 RepubMc Iron & Steel 2C%
1.200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 70
P C C & 8t Louis 68
597.200' Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
D P 2s reg 1024 N V Cen lsts 109H
IT S 3s reg 109% N J Cen gen 55. ...1234
IT 8 3s coup 109% N C 6s 127 *
t! S new. 4s reg 134 NC 4s 108
U S new 4s c0up. ..134 N P 3s 66v4
U S old 4s reg 114% N P 4s 104 V;
D S old 4s coup.... 114% N V C & St L 45.. 1074
U S 5s reg 112% N & W Con 4s S4«i
D S 5s coup 112% N & W gen 6s 129
Pis of Col 3.C5....118 Or Nay lsts 110
Atchlson gen 4s 101%IOr Nay 4s 102
Atchlson adj 4s P2%!Or S Line 6s 1274
Can South 2ds ITOVi'Or S Line Con 55. .113
C& O 44s 98 Reading gen 45.... 85%
C&O Es 118 ROW Ist* 964
C& NW Con 7s ...141 8L&. I M Con 55. 111%
Z & NWRFdeb 55.. 121% S L & S F gen 65.. 120
CHilcago Term 45... D 5 St P Con l67Vi
O t R G lsts 1024 St P C & P 15t5. .1194
D & H G 4s 99% St P C & P 5s 120%
E T Va & Ga lsts. lo6 So Railway Cs IOS%
Erie Gen 4s 70%' Stand R & T 6s so'
Ft W & D C lsts.. 714Tenn new set 3s 95
Gen Elec 5s 117 T& P lsts 113%
O H A. S A fi»....10<» T & P 2ds 64
O H v & S A 2d5....105 IT P4s 103
H & T C Cs 1104 Wabash lsts us
If & T C Con 65. .1104 Wahash 2ds 9!> •
lowa Cen lsts 113 iWwt Shore 4s H3«
KCP & G lsts.... 74 Wis Cen lsts 91%
La new Con 4s 1064 Va Centuries gsi.:
L & N U in «>S*4 Va deferred 5
M X * T 2ds «7% Col & So 4s 84%
M X 4: T4s 90 Ip P 4s 83?4
MINING STOCKS.
20 Ontario g 00
Trown Point 10 Dphlr go
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Plymouth o«
Dea«i»'ood HO.tJulcksilver 1 7;
Gould & Curry .... 20; Quicksilver prefd.. 7 r.O
Hale & Norcross .. 2fi Sierra Nevada 30
Homestake 63 OO.Standard 2 45
Iron Sliver 67'Unlon Con 20
Mexican ISlYellow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |West Electric 4314
Call loans S'ifr&'n'est Elec prefd... Cl
Time Loans 4 4t5 Wisconsin Central. 19
Stocks— Dom Coal 4111
A T A S F 21U Dom Coal prefd ...116
AT & S F prefd.. 6«4 Bonds—
American Suicar ..110U Atrhlson 4s 99
Amer Sugar prefd.ll2 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone ...344 Adventure 5
Boston A. Albany. .244 Allouez Mining Co 2 T i
Boston & Maine. .AW (Atlantic n
Chi. Bur &. Q 12C'iiBc*ton & Mont 273
Fitchburg prefd ..1244 Butte & Boston .. 58
Gen Elec prefd ...136 iCalumet & Hecla.74s
Federal Steel 57% Centennial 174
Fed Steel prefd.... 77 Franklin 14
Mexican Central .. 12 Osceola- ..: 75U
Mich Telephone ..100 (Parrot ?454
Old Colony 2024 Qulncy -....141
Old Dominion 19 Santa Fe Copper .. <(U
Union Pacific 49 .Tamarack i£94
Union Land 14 Wlnona 314
We.et End 92% Wolverines 41
West End prefd. ..ll3 Utah Mining Sl4
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. B.— Close— Money on call,
There was a larger business in securities on
the morning session, with lower quotations for
Giant Powder. Hawaiian Commercial and
Contra Costa Water, the latter declining from
$73 50 to $72 50. Pacific Gas Improvement con
tinued firm, advancing to $49 20.
The list of sales In the afternoon was longer
than for some time, though fluctuations were
neither wide nor numerous. Centra Costa
Water was still weaker at $72 25^72. and Gas
& Electric advanced at $50 374® 50 50.
The Caledonia Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 15 cents. ¦
The last monthly report of the Alaska Tread
well mine., dated January 25. shows 27,092 tons
ore crushed of a value of $33,360 and 613 tons
sulphurets of a value of $14,379. Gross receipts
were $32,054 • and expenses $32,173. The ore
averaged $1 95 per ton. One of the mills run
only flvft days and the stamps of both have
been hung up because of the cold weather.
Sierra Nevada Is assessed 15 cents.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Feb. «-J p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U 8 Bonds— f t '*, Equit O L Co. 3v» 4V»
Is quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. — —
Is quar reg.... — 1144 O G L & H... 45 —
Is quar new. ..1334 — Pac Gas Imp.. 49% 10
is quar coup.. — — Pac Light Co. — 45V4
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... SOU —
¦ Cal-st Cab 65.. 117 — San Francisco. 44 4T»
C C Wat 55.. .1064107 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65.. 130 — Insurance —
F&CI Ry 65. .115 — Firem's Fund.22o —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & S 545.. 105 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 68 —
HC & S Ss.-.-lOS 1 * — Bank of Ca1. ..401 —
L A Ry 6s 105 106 Cal S D & T.. 98 1(50
LAL Co os.. — — First Natn1....250 305
Do gntd Bs.. — — Lon P& A 133 135
Do gntd 6».. — 103 Merchants' Ex — 18
L A &P R 59.102 — Nev Nat 8k... — —
Market-st 65... 126% — Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 65.. — 11S4 3er S & L...1750 —
NCN G R 75.105 — Hum S& L. — —
N" Rof Cal 65.113^ — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
NR of Cal 55.113% — 3 F Say U.. 500 —
NP C R R55.102 104 |Say & L So. 71 78
NPC R R 6s. 105*41064 ' See Say Bk. — —
NC R R 65... 103 — Cnlon T Co. — —
0 G L & H 55. 109 — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65. ..11 l 1124 California 117 lU
Oak WCo 55.. — — IGeary-st 50 —
Oceanic SS Co. 1044105 Market-st Ry.. 60% 61V*
Om C Ry 65.. — 1234b SL & H.... — 60
P&CI Ry 65. .104 1044iPresidto 14 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stock*-
Powell-st R 65.U94 — California 180 175
Sac El G&R5s. 874100 • E Dynamite... 85 —
S FSi SJV 55. 116 117 Slant Con Co. 934 944
SRy of Cal 6s. — 109 Vlgorit j 24 3
S P of A 65....110UU1 Sugar Stocks—
S P C 65(1905).109 110 Hana P C 0.... (*4 —
3 P C 65(1906).U2 113 Haw C&S Co — 87
S P C 65(1912). — — Honokaa S Co. 23»4 30
5P C Ist cg3s. - — Hutch S P Co. 254 —
3PBr 6s 1244 — iKllauea S Co., — —
1 V Wat 65.... 1154 — Makawell S Co 43% 44
3 V Wat 45. ...102% — Onomea S Co. 26> 4 27
SV W 45(3dm)1024 — Paauhau S Co. 264 2t>%
Stktn Gas 65.. 102 108 | Miscellaneous
. Water Stocks- Al Pack Assn. 120 121
Contra Costa.. 72 72!4 Mer Ex Assn.. - 100
Martn County. 60 — Oceanic S Co.. 93% —
Spring Valley. 93H — PatAF •*•••* ~
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.144 —
Cent Gas Co.. - — |Par Paint Co.. 94 -
CentL&P.... - - I
Morning Session.
Board—
60 Contra Costa Water 73 60
25 Contra Costa Water 73 3.^1
60 Contra Costa Water J3 2o
195 Contra Ccsta Water.. ;* |*J
60 Contra Costa Water » £ •»
SO Contra Costa Water.^.... .3 %
$5000 Contra Costa "Water bonds.... 106 A
100 Giant Powder C0n................ M W
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 86 no
25 Honokaa •• • rf $i*
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 94 -5
10 Onomea Sugar Co » «i
15 Makawell « •*
25 Makawell lltii
CO Makaweli ** J*
6 Pacific Gas Imp •• « «
35 S F Gas & Electric C 0...- £L!r*
60 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 «•*
10 Spring Valley Water....... 93 50
10 Spring Valley Water. ¦ 30 »3 25
Street—
200 Makawell a M
Afternoon Session.
25 C^rTcosta Water 72 23
25 Contra Costa Water 12Vi
605 Contra Costa Water •£ 00
60 Honokaa S Co 29 75
15 Hutchinson S P Co 2o 10
235 Hutchinson S P Co 25 oO
60 Hutchinson S P Co 2o 6-H
60 Makawell « *:?>
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 94 Za
50 Onomea Sugar Co. Z6 »0
100 Paauhau S P Co 2« oO
30 Pacific Gas Imp 43 2a
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 37«4
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 .M>
15 Spring Valley Water « 2o
30 Spring Valley Water 93 3.4
Street— , „
60 Hana Plantation Co 7 25
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent b0nd5....105 00
$5000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1905) 109 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
"" * BOARD.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 74 CO
20 Contra Costa Water 73 B.^l
100 Eoultable" Gas * l-H
100 Equitable Gas * 25
20 Giant Powder 94 62 >i
100 Hutchinson Sugar, s 90 2o 50
25 Hcnokaa Sugar Co 29 62V4
23 Spring Valley Water 93 i->
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association 123 00
20 Contra Costa Water.. 73 00
30 Contra Costa Water 72 i 5
100 Equitable Gas 4 25
100 Equitable Gaa 4 00
100 Hana Plantation 7 M 4
10 Hawaiian Commercial 85 75
100 Honokaa Sugar Co. s 90 29 50
20 Spring Valley Water 93 £
10 Spring Valley Water 93 824
250 Vlgortt Powder 2 B^i
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morninr Session.
Board —
200 Home Oil 3 W
100 Home. Oil, s 60 3 73
100 National 6 75
IA National 8 574
50 Natloral - 7 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Home Oil i 3 80
50 Home Oil. s 90 3 SO
Street—
50 Home Oil S 80
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board —
300 Anaconda '. E5
120 Yukon 149
100 Barker Ranch 115
MININO STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
600 Best & Belcher 34f200Ophlr 67
100 Caledonia 41 1000 Overman 05
300 Caledonia 40 100 Potosi 25
100 Challenge 20 400 Potosi 24
300 Chollar 21 1 100 Sierra Nevada.. 34
100 C C & Va 1 401 100 Union Con 27
100 Confidence 73 300 Utah* 03
IPO Crown Point... 11 2CO Yellow Jacket.. IS
100 Mexican 29
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 02|100Ophir 83
200 Chollar 191 200 Potosi 23
200 Hale & Norcrs. 31 200 Savage 11
100 Ophir 66 100 Utah 03
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 34 400 Ophlr to
100 Caledonia 40 100 Ophlr «7
400 Chollar 20 500 Seg Belcher 02
50 C C & Va 1 40 100 Sierra Nevada. 35
200 Crown Point.... 11 200 Sierra Nevada. 34
200 Mexican 23
Afternoon' Session.
100 Best & Belcher 35 500 Mexican 23
100 Bullion 03 100 Potosi 24
1600 Caledonia 37 600 Sierra Nevada. 35
60 Caledonia 33 200 Sierra Nevada. 36
CO Caledonia 36 300 Sierra Nevada. 37
4WC C i Va....l 40 3(>o Union Con 2S
200 Crown Point... 11 1000 Yellow Jacket.. 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Feb. B—l D . m.
• Blrl.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha — OS Kentuck 01 02
Alta — 03 Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 06 07 Mexican 29 30
Belcher ....:... 20 21 Occidental 13 15
Best & Belcher 34 35 Ophlr 66 67
Bullion .03 04 Overman 04 os
Caledonia 36 3S Potosi 24 23
Chollar 19 20 Savage 10 12
Challenge Con. 19 20 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 63 73 Seg Belcher — 03
Con Cal i- Va.l 40 1 45 ' Sierra Nevada. 37 &
Con Imperial... — OllSllver Hill — 03
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts, 21.-
SCO bbls.; exports, 1100; sales, 7200 packages.
Quiet and barely steady without change. Min
nesota patents, $3 8004 10; do. bakers', $2 80©
3; winter patents, $3 5503 80; winter straights.
J3 40&3 i 0; winter extras, $2 6002 So; winter low
grades, $2 Zl'a- 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 7200 bushels; exports, 40,
462 bushels; sales, 1.120,000 bushels futures; 240,
000 bushels export; spot, easier. No. 2 red, 75ViC
elevator; No. 2 red, 76^c f. o. b. alloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 7S%c f. o. b. ; No. 1 hard,
fci>\c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened easy from
the effects of lower cables and rumors of more
snov.- West. Foreigners -bought a little, but
offerings later increased to such an extent that
weakness expanded until checked In the after
noon by a fair reduction in world's stocks.
Closed steady at HfiHc net decline. March
closed, 75^c; May, 73V»fc74Uc. closed, 73% c; July
closed, 73*gc.
HOPS— Firm.
LEATHER— Firm.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE— Options closed Fteady at a net loss
of 5020 points, latter on July. Total, 27,250
bags, including: March. $7 1507 25: May, $7 25
07 35; June, ?7 40; July, $7 4007 45; August,
$7 M: September. $7 45fj7 60: October. $7 60; No
vember, $7 60, December, $7 6307 75. Spot Rio
barely steady; No. 7 invoice, B%c: No. 7 Job
bing 9^ic; mild, steady; Cordova, 10®13%c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm, but quiet; refined, quiet,
but steady to flrm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 79,548 packages: flrm.
June creamery, lSC<j23V4c; Western creamery, 21 ,
026 c: factors'. 16® 19c. j
EGGS— Receipts, S-SS2 packages; steady at de- j
line; Western. 16c, loss off. Western ungrad
ed at mark. 14315"ric
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— Demand for evapor
ated apples was light and as offerings were lib
eral the market exhibited a weak undertone,
with, quotations materially lower. Country ad
vices were unfavorable and at the close the
tendency was toward a still lower level. Cali
fornia dried fruits showed a tolerably steady
undertone, but no change in quotations.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
SH-&6c; prime, 6'.4<g6Hc; choice, 7&7>ic: fancy,
California dried prunes— 3h@7c per
pound as to size and quality. ; ¦''
APRICOTS— Royal, 13015 c; Moorpark, lo@
18c
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18022 c; unpeeled. 7%®9c.
NEW YORK METAL MARKET. .
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— There was no marked
change in the Metal market nor were there Im
portant variations in the West nor abroad.
Following the advance and activity in tin yes
terday that metal was very quint throughout
to-day and no more steady in tone at the close.
The Metal Exchange called:
PIOIRON-Warrants as dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, Ht $16 20.
TlN— Quiet, at $29 00. „
LHAD-Unchßjiged. with $4 .0 bid and $4 ..>
asked. .The brokers' price for lead is $4 45 and
f °SP°ELT e ER-Qt > let. $4 70 bid and $4 SO asked.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS*4
Sterling Cables — 4 894
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchanee, telegraphic — 17V&
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 4S 4S&
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are flrm at S7s 6d.
with only three disengaged vessels In port. The
chartered wheat fleet here has a tonnage of
65,332, against 7 SCO tons on the same date last
year; jilsengagea', 6152 tons, against 28,760; on
the way to this port, 155.300 tons, against 144,
600.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were both
lower again, and Chicago also declined several
fractions.' Broomhall cabled that the Indian
wheat area this year is less than in ISO 3 by 35
per cent, or an equivalent of 100,000,000 bushels.
Otherwise there was nothing new. The local
market was quiet, with a further decline In
futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9S%QSI; milling.
$1 OlVigl 02H. ¦
f CALL BOARD SALES. '¦'-. :,r- r
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May, 6000 ctls,
$100%: 2000, $100%; 10,000. $1 00%; December,
20ii0, $1 05 1 ,,.
Second Session— May, 4000 ctls, $1 00*4.
Regular Morning Session— May, 14.000 ctls.
$1 oo%; 24.C00. $1 01: 20.000. $1 00T4: December.
2000, $105%; 14.000. $1 05H.
Afternoon Session— May, 8000 ctls, $1 01; De
cember. 2000. $1 05%.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and
easy, with liberal offerings.
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 65®72}4c for off
prades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80®S7V4c;
Chevalier, nominal.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 3:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Offerings, though not excessive, are
too free for the demand, and the market Is
dull and weak. Prices have not changed- for
a long time.
White. $1 1001 30;; Red. $1 07%@l 20; Gray.
$1 O7HOI 17H: Black, 97H01 0714.
CORN— The market continues very dull, with
offerings In excess of the demand. Eastern
White Is quoted at 95c@$l 02'/i per ctl and East
ern Yellow at $101 05; mixed. S7V4OSL
Rye— Continues dull at $I®l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal,
$2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 50: Hominy, $3 2503 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $4®4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6®7 25; in sacks, $5 75®7; Pearl Bar
ley, $3; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100
lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran Is marked down 50c per ton. Hay Is
very weak, though prices are no lower.
BRAN— SI 3 50®14 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$17®20 per ton,
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $17®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 6<Hj2S; Cocoanut Cake. $20021; Corn Meal,
$23023 50; Cracked Corn, $23 50fr24; Mixed Feed,
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $6 50@S 50 for common to good
and $3 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6 50@S 50;
Oat. $6@B; Barley. $5@7- Alfalfa, $6©7 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 2S®4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers continue to quote a quiet market for
Beans, though some sales are belmr made.
Prices are. flrm. There are no changes in
BEANS— Bayos, $3 25@3 35; small • White, $3 20
(S3 35; large White. $2 90®3 10; Pinks, $2 50®
2 85- Reds. $3 5003 75: Blackeye. $4 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 15@5 25; Pea. $3 20@3 40; Red
Kidneys, $3 50@4.
BEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3®3',-4c: Yellow Mus
tard 4®4V4c: Flax. $1 90<@2 20; Canary. 3V4c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
70 Sc; Rape, 2&@3c; Hemp, 464*4 c; Timothy,
4 ®)RIED PEAS— NUes. $1 60@l 90; Green. $1 75
@2 50 per ctl. _____--
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Asparagus is coming: In almost every day
now. Other Summer Vegetables are In better
supply and weak. Potatoes are steady in spite
of the recent liberal receipts, and Onions are
strongly held at the advance. A few hot-house
Cucumbers nre coming In from San Jose.
POTATOES— Early Hose. 90c@$l; River Reds.
605 75 c; Burbanks, 50@75c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 60c«i$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $1 85 for
Merced: New Potatoes, 3c.
ONIONS— SI 60S'2 10 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 25®30c: per lb:
Green ' Peas. 2Vi@4c per lb; String Beans. 9@
j2Uc- Cabbage, 40iJf50c:. Los Angeles Tomatoes,
$ljfl 50; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 10015 c;
Dried Okra. 12% c per lb: Garlic, 6@7c: Green
Peppers from Los Angeles. 3<gse for Chile and
for Bell; Dried Peppers, 8®10c; Carrots,
30<S'l0c per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
$I@l 25 per box; Marrowfat Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry Is dull and easy, supplies being free.
Game Is out of favor, as usual at the close of
the season, and : the tendency Is toward lower
prices. The birds are getting lean and other
wise undesirable.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2Hc for Gob
blers and HiiH'.aC for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
13@15C;. Geese, per pair, $1 75@2: Goslings,- $1 76
02; Ducks. $4^5 for old and $4@5 for young;
Hens. $3 5005; Young Roosters. $4 60@5; Old
Roosters, $4<J4 50; Fryers. $4 50; Broilers, $4@
4 60 for large and $2 50@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25® 150 per- dozen for old and $2 50®3 for
8q GAME— Quail, $1 25; Mallard. $304; Canvas
bac, $2(^3; Sprig, $2@2 25; Tea.l,.sl 60; Widgeon,
11 50; Small -Duck.* $1-25; Doves, 75c per dozen;
Hare, $I@l 25; Rabbits, fl 25@2; Gray Geese, ?3
©>3 60: White, $1 50; Brant, $1 75®2 50; Honkers.
$4@4 60: English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack
Snipe, $1 50. -TBffctM 3
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is lower again, though stocks are
smaller. Dairy Butter keeps up better than
creamery, owing to the fight In It. Cheese con
tines weak, with free supplies. Eggs, too, con
tinue on the down grade, with buyers holding
off.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 27c; seconds, 24®
26c.
Dairy— Fancy. 24<Jf25c;' good to choice, 22H@
23Hc: common. 15?J20c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. lO^tfJllc: old, 10c;
Young- America, .11 (g'llHc;. Eastern. 15%@16c;
Western, 13%ig'15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 15©16 c for store and 17®
ISc per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold storage,
13@16c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges rule dull and easy, with liberal sup
plies. Limes are dull and weak. Lemons are
rather firm than otherwise, supplies being mod
erate." There are a good many Apples on the
market and prices are weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
BERRIES—Cape Cod Chanberries, $4@7 per
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 6O'J?2 25
per box: Seedlings. 50@$l 25; Japanese Man
darins, $lf> 1 25; Pomelos. $I@2 60: Lemons. $1®
1 50 for common and $2®2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $3ffs 50: California Limes. 25®
35c: Bananas. $1 75«?3 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3 50@4 per dozen.
Dried' Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Stagnation still prevails and quotations are
largely nominal.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4V4c for
40-50' s. 4@4Uc for 50-60' s, B^c for 60-70*8, 3>4c
for 70-80' s, 3c for 80-90' s and 2%e for 90-100' s;
Apricots, U@l3c for Royals, 12H®lSc for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 6%@
6c for Standards, 6V4@6%c for, choice and 7®Bc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10@12Hc; Evapo
rated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried, s@6Hc per lb:
Nectarines. B@9c; Pears. 3%@4V4c for dark and
7@Bc for bright halves; Black Figs. 2®2V4c;
White Flgs,-2S3c; Bleached P.lums, B#9c; Un
bleached Plums, 7®7&c for pitted and 1% for
unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
Ib, 10c; choice. 9c; standardise; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B^c: choice, 7V4c: standard, 6%c;
prime. 6c: unbleached Sultanas. 6c: Seedless.
CO-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown. loose Muscatels, s>£c;
3-crown. &%c; 4-crownj 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 60 per box;>3-crown. $160. Fancy
Clusters,- $2; Dehesa. $2 60: Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. S(f?9c; Walnuts, Big9c for
standards and 9@loo for*softshell: Almonds,
11%@12c for paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@
5c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5^6*40 for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts, "H@Bc: Fil
berts, 12@12Hc; Pecans, ll©13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
03.
HONEY— Comb. 11%©12 c for bright and 10W?
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7}ic; light amber extracted, 714S7HC; dark, s&@
6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24^26c per lb.
Provisions.
The Western markets are reported very strong
and dealers here are looking for an advance any
day. The demand is very good for the time of
the year.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9»ic per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light. 12c
for extra light and 13V4 for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13J?13Hc: California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13; Family, $14: extra Prime Pork, $11 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD- Tierces quoted at 6*4 <s"c per lb for
compound nnd 8c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
SUe: 10-lh tins. 8»ic: 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, "T*@BHc per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9Hc. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
A great change has come over the Hide mar
ket during the t>ast several days. It is now
weak and dull and buyers can secure stock
even below the reduced prices with a little talk.
Wool Is dull, as there Is very little here to wrk
on. Hops are also easy and dull, though deal
ers are doing their best to talk the market up.
Tallow Is weak at the decline of last week.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
10Vi@'llV4c; medium, 9\^lQ\ic; light, 9%c:
Cowhides. gHITIOHc; Stago, 7c: Salted Kip, 9H®
lOHc: Calf. SV^TTlOlic: Dry Hides, sound, 18c;
culls and brands, 15IJJ16C; Dry Kip and Veal.
17c: Dry Calf, 19-320 C; Sheepskins, yearlings, 20
<F?3se each; short Wool. 33<{j60c each; medium.
70f?90c: long Wool, $1S?1 25 each; Horse Hides,
$2 25®2 75 for large and 7icfJsl for small; Colts,
60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb; No. 2,
4c: refined, 6VSc; grease. 2Vi@3c; : V_-
WOOL-
Fall clip. Ran Joaquin plains. 9<310e: South
ern. 8@10c: Middle County. ll@13c: Humboldt.
and Mendocino, 17020 c; Eastern Oregon. 13@16c;
Valley Oregon, ls@2oc: Northern Mountain,
free, HiJrHc; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7BIIc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The Hog market Is now slenderly supplied and
firm, though the Improvement In prices Is
ellght. Beef and Veal are steady, while Mutton
and Lamb continue scarce and firm.
BEEF— 6Vi@"c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— B!SIOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B@SVic; ewes, 8c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 15c: yearlings, 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%c for small, 5%c for me
dium and s»4@sHc for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, s«4®sVic; dressed Hogs, 7©BHc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7@7Uc; Wool Bags,' 28@30c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: new Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle,
$7; Bryant, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50: Wallsend, $S;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Scotch. ; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 50 in sacks: Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. Jl3; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $I@l 50; To
matoes, 75c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries. $2 40@3 for
black and white; Peaches. $1 65@1 90; Pears,
$1 60@l 80; Apricots, $1 25@1 70; Plums, $1 20®
1 40.
CO*FFEE — Costa Rica— l3V4@l6c nominal for
prime washed: ll@l2V4c nominal for good
washed; HH@lsc nominal for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9^^llo nominal for good to
prime peaberry: 10<&l2c nominal for good to
prime; SgSVic nominal for good current mixed
with black beans: B<SS%c nominal for fair; 5@
7?ic nominal for common to ordinary. Salva
dOr_9y,@l3cd Or _9y,@13c nominal for good to prime washed;
7*i@S»ic nominal for fair washed; 9^@HHo
nominal for good to prime washed peaberry;
"%<QB-\c nominal for gbod to prime semi
washed; BV4@B?4c for superior unwashed: S\ic
for good green unwashed; 9@9V4c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; sV4@7c nom
inal for common "to ordinary. Nicaragua— l4®
16Hc nominal for prime to fancy washed; S@llc
nominal for fair to good washed; B@BV4c nomi
nal for good to superior unwashed; 9@9V£c nom
inal for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l4Vi@l6^ for prime
to fancy washed, new crop: n^ieflSc for strict
ly good washed, new crop: 10<gllc for good
washed, new crop; BH@9?ic for fair washed;
7U@SUc for mwM'jm; s@7c for inferior to or
dinary; ll@l3c for gond to prime washed pea
berry: 9£i9VsC nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry: B'/4@'Ss;c nominal for good to
superior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 28g30c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26<JT27c: Sole Leather, light,
26#Z7; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@2Sc; Rough
Leather, light, 25<g26c: Harness Leather, heavy,
32®33c; Harness Leather,' medium, 30@32c; Har
ness Leather, light. 23@30c; Collar Leather, 15@
16c per foot: Kip, finished, 40@50c per lb; Veal,
finished. 60!iT55c; Calf, finished, 75c@$l 20; sides,
finished, 16(£il7c per foot: Belt Knife Splits, 14@
16c: Rough Splits. S@loc per lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1,
75c: pure. $1 10; Linseed OH, in barrels, boiled.
68c; raw, 66c; cases, 5c more: Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 59c; No. 1. 49c; cases,
6c more; China Nut, 61(EfG5c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot Oil. barrels. 60c; cases. 65c: Sperm,
purr. 60c; Whale Oil. natural white. 32Uc;
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25© 135 per gallon; wagoit colors,
$2^2 23 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE, ETC.—Water
white Coal Oil, In bulk. 14c: Pearl Oil in
cases. 20c: Astral, 20c; Star. 20c; Extra Star
Oil, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene. 22c; Deodorized
Gasoline, in bulk. 16c; do, cases. 22c; Benzine,
in bulk, 15Hc; do cases, 2lVjc: S6-degree Gaso
line, in bulk, 21c; cases, 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric light candles— l 6 oz.,
H%c per set: 14 oz., lO'^c; 12 oz., 9V4c; 10 oz.,
i%c; twelves, 12 oz. - (hotel),, lO^ic. Granite
mining candles— l 6 oz., .12gjrl2Uc per set; 14 oz..
lltf'll'ric: 12 oz.. 10'ic; 10 oz., 9',ic; twelves, 12
oz. (hotel), 10% c. Parafflne wax candles — Ones,
14 oz., white, 12V*c per set: twos. 14 oz., white,
12« Ac; fours, 14 oz., white, 12% c: sixes, 14 oz..
white. 12Vic: twelves, 14 oz.. white, 12% c;
colored, lc higher.
WH ITE LEAD— Quoted at 7@7?4c: Red Lead
and Litharge. 7>4©7%c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, "Cc; in Iron barrels,
70c: in wooden barrels, 73e.
c LUCOL— Bofled, barrels, 63c; raw, barrels,
61c: cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— SSI 60 per flask for local use
and $46 60047 60 for export.
: SUGAR— The Western . Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100- Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sVic; Dry Gran
ulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, £»V»c; Magnolia
A. 4%c: Extra C. 4&4 c; Golden C, 4%c: barrels,
l-16c more; "half -barrels. Me more; boxes. %c
more;,6o-tt> bags, %c more. No orders. taken
for lens than -, 75 —barrels or ¦Us equivalent.
Dominos, half-barrels, 5T4c; boxes. 6V4c per Ib.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary, sizes. $16@17; -extra sizes, higher;
RedwrAod, $17©1S for No. 1 and $15^16 for No.
2; Lath. 4 feet, $2 2002 30; Pickets, $1S; Bhin-
Europe, Increase. 500,000 bushels. Total ; sup
ply.- decrease, 627.000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease, 278,000. • . -
Oats— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies. . Increase, 475,000. > ¦
Among the more important Increases reported
not given in the official visible ¦ supply state
ment are thos"e of 400,000 bushels at
Northwestern' interior elevators, 85.0C0
bushels at Cleveland, Ohio, and 53,000
bushels at Portland, Me. The principal de
creases are those of 421,000 bushels at Chicago
private elevators and 165,000 bushels at Mani
toba storage points. - The aggregate stock of
wheat held at Portland, Or., and Seattle and
Tacoma, Wash., increased 5000 bushels last
week.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. B.— CATTLE— Generally
steady: Texas steers 10c lower; bulls steady:
receipts 1200; butcher stock a shade easier:
calves steady: feeders firm and active; good
to choice, $5 23@6 10; poor to medium. $4@4 90;
mixed itockers, $1 25@3 95; selected feeders,
$3 95@4 90: good to choice cows, $3 4004 40;
heifers, $3 25@3 75: canners, $2 20@2 35; bulls.
$2 65f?4 60; calves. $4 50@8 75; fed Texas beeves,
$4«?5 10.
HOGS— Active, strong to 5c higher: top. $5;
good clearance; mixed and butchers. $4 70fi&
4 97V4; good to choice heavy. J4 Bi.@s: rough
heavy, $4 70ff?4 80; light. $4 65@4 90; bulk of
sales. $4 a&A 9,">. "
SHEEP-Strong: lambs, 10c lower: eleven
double-decks Colorado lambs, J7; native weth
ers, $4 50(35 35; lambs. $M5 V 7; Western wethers.
$4 40©5 40; Western lambs. $6@7.
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; sheep. 17,000, hogs,
30,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 6.— Clearings, $350,168;
balances, S7I.SSS.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 6.— ln the local wheat
market to-day there was not much difficulty In
securing 53c for Walla Walla, although neither
demand nor .offerings were heavy. The mills
are still taking the bulk of the offerings and
as they have been forced to pay a premium
over prices quoted by exporters they have ad
vanced the price of. flour 15c per bajrel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Feb. 6.— WHEAT-Club.
51c; blue Mem, 63c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Feb. 6.— Consols, 101U: silver, 27% c;
French rentes, IOOf 67% c; wheat cargoes oft
coast, nothing doing; cargoe« on passage, nom
inal unchanged; cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss; Eng
lish country marketa steady. .
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 6.— Wheat, steady: wheat
in Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet; weather. In England
cold Bird clear.
COTTON-Uplands. 4 13-16 d.
CLOSING;
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet. March. 5«
9%d; M».y. 5s 9\id; July, 5s 9^d. Spot— No. 2
red Western winter, steady, ss.lid;. lid; No. 1 Cali
fornia, steady. 6s l%d.
CORN— American mixed; 3s 5Hd; old, steady.
3s B>4d. Futures steady. February, 3s ST»d;
March, 3s 7!4d; May, 3s 6»id.
Silver a fraction lower. Financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat freights firm, 'with little disengaged tonnage. .
Wheat futures declined again. Spot Wheat unchanged.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.
Bran' declined. 'Hay weak, but no iozver.
Beans continue quiet, but firmly held.
Potatoes steady and Onions firm.
Vegetables in better supply and easy.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese continue weak.
Poultry and Game zeeak, zi'ith liberal stocks.
All Fruits in good supply and dull, except Lemons.
Dried Fruits stagnant and nominal.
Provisions strong in all positions.
Hides and Tallow weak and dull.
Wool and Hops continue inactive and unchanged.
Hogs in light supply and firmer. Other meats unchanged.
No further change in Oils. • .
easy at 2ff2'/4 per cent; last loan. 2 per cent:
prime mercantile paper. 4tfs jer cent. Sterling
Exchange easier, with actual business in Bank
er*' bills at $4 57,4 for demand, and at $4 S4>,i
for sixty days: posted^ rates. $4 85 and $4 SS l^;
commercial bills, $4 83!4Ji4 84; bar silver, 59% c:
Mexican dollars. 4"He; silver certificates. SSV:@
hShic. Government bonds, strong; State bonds,
weak; railroad bonds, strong.
Condition* of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $252, 522, H1; gold reserve,
$216,441,802.
London Markets.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
African mines opened blazing here to-day,
the market being full of rumors that Lady
smith had been relieved and that 7000 Boers,
had been captured at Colesberg. The- other
departments participated In the rise though
business was small. There was no confirma
tion of any of the rumors and prices fell away
after 2 o'clock. Consols, which were 101 H.
closed at 101. Americans maintained their
strength. The continent and arbitrage houses
bought freely though there was hardly any
London account and New York support made
the close at top prices. The chief feature was
Norfolk and Western, on the theory that that
road would be amalgamated with the Balti
more and Ohio or the Pennsylvania. Paris
was still buying Tintos and Anacondas and
higher prices for the latter were confidently
predicted.
The Bank of England bought £212.000 of gold
In German coin and received £15,000 from
Germany. For South Africa £21.000 was taken.
The Influence was not expected. It Is not
thought that the buying will reduce the buy
ing price of German coin to-morrow. Money
and bills were idle at unchanged rates. The
Bank of the Netherlands reduced its minimum
discount rate from 4 to 3Vi per cejit. Paris
cheque was 21.15V4; Berlin. 20.49.
CLOSING. "
Canadian Pacific, 99%: Union Pacific pre
ferred. 7SVi; Northern Paclflo preferred, 77*4;
Atchlson. 21H: Grand Trunk, 7%; Anaconda,
9H. Bar silver, quiet, 27V4d per ounce.
"on New York. — 04iSt Louis — 0V
Crown Point.... U 12 Standard — J B<,
Exchequer — 02|Syndlcate — 08
Gould & Curry- 20 21 (Union Con 2S 23
Hale * Norcrs. 31 : 31" I'tah 03 04
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 17 IS
Justice Qg 0»»
Continued on Page Eleven.
gles, SI 75 for common and S2 75 for fancy:
Shakes. $11 for split and ill for sawn: Rustic.
J21©27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 8.
Flour. Qr sks ... 2,100 Quicksilver, flska 95
Wheat, ctls 68.246 Eggs, doz 9,660
Barley, ctls 4,900 Hides, no 81S
Rye ctls 55 Pelts, bdls 375
Cheese ctls 20 Broomcom, bdls.. 91
Butter, ctls 209 .Wool, bag 1
Tallow, ctls 232 Straw, tons ..... 15
Brandy, gals 3.9<W Hay. tons 2SI
Wine gals" 81.150 Middlings, sks .. 4.0
Lime, bbls 182 i Potatoes, sks ... 1.556
Leather, rolls ... 33Beans, sks S3
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 2.155 i
WASHINGTON.
Flour, ar sks ... 3,240i8ran. ska 3.330
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. . May. July.
Opening 6 9T4 6 9ft 6 9ft
Closing 6 9% 5 9<4 G 9H
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening ......;...... 19 SU 20 75
Closing 19 75 20 80
Flour-
Opening 25 75 27 10
Closing 25 70 27 06
Risible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Feb. B.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications . to Bradstreets show
the following changes since laßt account:
Wheat — United States ' and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased, 1.027.000. bu5he15.. : .
Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat and In
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 7.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Charters.
The Mohican loads merchandise for Honolulu.
The Centennial loads coal at Oyster Harbor
for this port: Gulf Stream, wheat at Portland
for Europe, 3fs 9<l: Mary Buhne, lumber at
Gray's Harbor for Kahului; Robert A. Hind,
lumber at Port Ludlow for Hilo.
Board of Trade Meeting.
At the annual meeting of the Board of Trade
Monday the following offioers were elected:
President, A. A. Watklns; first vice president.
T. J. Parsons: second vice president, S.
Fuechtwar.ger; treasurer. Panford Benr.ett: sec
retary. H. L. Pmith; attorney. Joseph Kirk.
The annual reports of the president and secre
tary show that during the twenty-three years
of the existence of the board there have been
10 IS* failures, with liabilities of JbS.S64.Bf-6, or
ar. average of S&hO per firm. The amount re
covered through the board was 137. 146. 4 M. or an
average of 53. S per cent, as against an average
of 15 per cent recovered under the legal bank
ruptcy proceedings. During 1«59 there were 750
cases reported to the board and 448 acted upon.
The total liabilities vrere J1.455.994, the smallest
amount in nineteen years, and the average set
tlement was 64.4 per cent. •
Weather Report.
n2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 6. 1509—5 p. ra.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, a? compared with those of the same date
Ust season, and rainralls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 14 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 34. J6 IS.4S
Red 13!cff 0.02 15.03 13.13
0.00 U. 71 7.|5
San Francisco 0.00 14.67 «.w
Fresno 0.00 6.14 3.*«
ln<ler>endenoe 0.00 2. 08 1.15
Pan Luis Obispo 0.00 12.41 7.15
Los Angeles 0-00 4.57 2.!>S
Pan Di^o 0.00 2.64 3.73
yuma O-10 0.76 1.3*
• San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; m'.nirr.uni. 46: mean, S3. . .
WEATHEU CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST,
The weather is generally cloudy and threat
ening over the Pacific Slope, except In Central
and Southern California and Southern Nevada.
Light rain or snow has fallen quite generally
over the northern portion of the country.
Th* area of low pressure noted this morning
over Northern Montana lias moved southward,
causing light snow and a decided fall tn tem
nrratur; In Us wake. The pressure has ri*en
rapidly over the upper Missouri valley, and has
fallen over the southwestern portion of the
country.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
the Rocky mountain region.
Conditions are lav. rable for c!oudy and some
what threatening weather In California and
Arizona and snow in Nevada and l"tah Wednes
day. The ten:perature will fall in ail districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
bnur? ending midnight. February 7. 1500:
Northern California— Cloudy and somewhat
threatening Wednesday, probably with snow
In the mountains of the northeast portion;
cooler fresh northerly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy nnd threatening
Wednesday: cooler: fresh northerly wind.
Nevada ar.d Utah— Cloudy. with snow
Wednesday; colder.
Arizona— Cloudy: probably (new In north por
tion \V<<iresday;'cc!iser.
San Francisco ar.d vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day; fresh northerly win* r wu lson
Local Forecast Official.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Steamer Movements.
COMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1900.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. IT. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cat..
February 8, 1300.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
# C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
United States Coast and Oeodetle Surrey—
Times and Heights of Elgh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsslon-stre«: wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both place*.
NOTE— In the above exposition of th« tides,
the early morning tides ar» glvea In the left
hand column and tho successes tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tld*.
and the last or right hand column give* th*
last tide of the day. except when there ars but
three tides, as sometimes- occurs. The heights
•riven are In addition to Ihe soundings on th«
United State* Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number glen Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane oC
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
CHICAGO. Feb. 6.— Weak, cables and heavy
Northwest receipts were Influences in a decline
In wheat at the opening. Initial tlgures for May
being He under yesterday's close, at 674<567%c.
The strength of corn, the report that the India
wheat area was 35 per cent less than last year s
nnd a larger decrease In the world s visible
than had been expected gradually worked the
price of May from 6714 c. to which it had sold
off early, up to 67% c. There was no demand,
shorts having covered, and the market broke.
May declining sharply to 674. closing soon after
H'S4c under yesterday at 67',ic
The corn market was firm the greater part of
the day but eased off later and closed at the
bottom May closed a shade depressed from
yesterday at 334 c. '¦*>¦¦ . c ¦'¦
The oats market was steady but dull. May
closed unchanged at 23% c. The provisions
market was strong and trade fairly active. May
pork closed 4 cent higher, May lard 5 cents up
and May ribs 5 cents Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy:
No. 3 spring wheat, 634<fj65c; No. 2 red, 6SV>@
69Hc; No. 2 corn, 314&32 c; No. 2 oats. 23',i©
23%e; No. 2 white, 26iji264c; No. 3 white, 25@
25% c; No. 2 rye, E24'9534c; No. 2 barley, 3S®
42c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 59@1 CO; prime timothy
seeed, $2 40; mess pork, per bbl, $9 90©ll 00;
lard, per 100 lbs. $5 874®6 05; short ribs, sides
(loose), $.' 8."«»|6 10; dry-salted shoulders (boxed).
£%Jj6c; short clear sides (boxed). $5 90(£6 05;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal,
$1 234. ¦
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels Cl.OOO 28.000
Wheat, bushels 23,000 17,000
Corn, bushels 619.000 202,000
Oats, bushels 278.000 384.000
Rye, bushels 12.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 61,000 , 28,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was flrm. Creamery, 19@244c: dairy,
19®22c. Cheese firm." Wglic. Eggs weak: fresh.
14c. ¦•,•-.«;; .
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. February •.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. 38 hour* from
C^tmr n Chaa r 'Nel»on. Anderson. » hours from
"stmrUmatllla. Couslni. 574 hour* from Vic
toria and Puset Sound ports.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. 16 hours from Albion.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett. 85 hour* from
ITmr^Cleone. Madsen. 17 hour* from Caspar.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons, 21 hours from Bu
"sfmr Jeanle. Mason. 4 days 13 hoars from
ce g tmr " Brunswick. Andreson. 23 hours from
Eureka, bound to San Pedro; put Into land paa
* Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. 78 hoars from Nrw-
P< Haw ship Fort George. Mors«. tt days from
Honolulu. ... „ _
Bark Prussia. Jensen. 10 days from Port
Br schr Dora Slewerd. Slewerd. 40 days from
Schr Archie and Fontle. Johannsen. . 20 haai*
from Stewarts Point. •
Scbr Una, Harklns. 23 days from Navidad.
Schr Compeer. Larsen, 9 days from Port Lud-
Schr North Bond. Palnsrren. T days frota
Grays Harbor.
Sohr Fortuna. Luberg. 44 hoars from Eureka.
Schr Antelope. Anderson. 11 days from Co
qullle River. , . .
Schr Nettla Sundberg. Nelson, t days from
Grays Harbor. Vv' „__ * "
Schr J Epplnger. Nyman, SO hours from F!sk»
M &chr Wing and Wing. Olsen. $ days from Co
quilie River. . __
Schr J G Wall, BJornstrom, 5 days from Eu-
Schr Challenger. Anderson, n days from Ta-
Schr Del Norte. Jacobson. 9 days from Suls-
Schr Conflanza. Christiansen. 7 days from
1 Rlo'ltey, Kataan, 12 days from Grays
H Schr r Gotama. Johannlssen. t days from Coos
Bay * CLEARED.
Tuesday, February 8.
Stmr Colombia. Doran. Astoria; Oregon Rall
*Br 4 ttm'r Conemauzh. Roberts. Manila. rla
Hllo - U S Government.
Br'stmr Australian. Jolllff. Queenstown; Bal
four Gutrrie & Co.
Nor ttmr Tltanla. Exenes. Nanaimo; J Ro-
Beauregard. Hull; G W Me-
Near- SAILED.
Tuesday,' February A.
Stmr Newsboy. Walvltr. . '--.'.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Diego.
Stmr South Portland. Hall. Oyster Bay.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. San Pedro.
Stmr Albion. Ericsson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. .
Nor stmr Tltanla. Eeenes. Xanaimo.
Schr W F Jewett. Johnson. .
Schr Nettle Low. Low. Point Reyes.
RETURNED.
Tuesday. February 8.
Schr Abble Hansen. hence Feb 2. for Caspar,
returned on account of carrying away foresail
Feb 5. at 10 a m. 140 miles west of Point Reyes
in a strong Kff w'.nd.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT .LOBO3. Feb 8, 10 j> m— Weather
foggy; wind NW. velocity 30 miles.
SPOKEN.
Jan 21, lat 12 N, lon 27 W— Br ship Marechal
Suchat. from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 6— Sunr Utopia, from
Alaska. Feb s— Stmr Cottase City. Skaguay;
stmr Rosaloa. from Skaguav.
Sailed Feb S— Ger stmr Mllo«. for ——.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed Feb 6— Schr Ethel Zane.
for San Diego. v
Arrived Feb 6— Schr Maggie C Russ, from Saa
Pedro.
USAL— Arrived Feb B— Stmr Luel'.a. henca
Feb 5.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Feb B— Stmr Mat
teawan, for San Francisco, with stmr Washte
naw in tow.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 8— Bark Abby Pal
mer, for Adelaide; stmr Alcatraz, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Feb 6— Schr Laura May. from Grays
Harbor: schr Joseph Ru*s, from Olympla.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb 6— U S stmr Phila
delphia, for Snn Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Feb 8-Schr Robert
R Hlno. from Port Townsend.
GREENWOOD— Satled Feb B— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
8
Steamer.
i ' Frcna. I Due.
Samoa
Telliw
Ctty of Para...
Point Arena —
Pomona
Empire
Aloha
A. Blanchard...
Matteawan
State of Cat....
Alameda .......
Tlllamook
Arcata
Czarina
Coos Bay
¦Willamette
Navarro
Sunol
Orizaba
Queen
Coqullle River..
Corona
Bristol
Crescent City...
Columbia
Bonlta
North Fork
f .
.'Humboldt Feb. 7
.'Oyster Harbor Feb. 7
.| Panama 'Feb. I
.¦Folnt Arena iKeb. <
.!San Dle*o IFeb. »
.ICoos Bay {Feb. »
.Crescent City IFeb. <
.'Cons Bay IFeb. S
. |Taco'ma ...........[Feb. J
.Portland Feb. »
.Sydney Feb*. 9
.Tlllamook Bay Feb. 9
.ICooa Bay Feb. •
.IPunet Sound Feb. 9
.(Newport Feb. I<>
.'Seattle Feb. 10
.'Humboldt Feb. li)
.¦Grays Harbor IFeb. 11
. Humboldt IFeb. U
. Victoria A Puget Souad.'Feb. li
. Grays Harbor (Feb. 11
.!San Dle«o IFeb. 13
.[Oyster Harbor {Feb. 13
. Crescent City 'Feb. 13
. Portland (Feb. 14
. Newport [Feb. U
. Humboldt IFeb. 15
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
—^— — ¦ — I _
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 7. 10 am Pier 24
Curacao Mexico Feb. 7. 10 ami Pier 11
Australia —I Honolulu Feb. 7. 2 pmlPier T
Homer [Oregon Ports. Feb. 7. 10amjPler2»
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 3. Jam Piw II
City SydneyiPanama Feb. 8. 12 m'PM33
Volumnla ..[Europe Feb. S. 10 amlPler 7
A. Blancn'd Coos Bay Feb. 8. spm Pier 13
Orizaba .... Humboldt Feb. I, 2pm Pier 9
Humboldt .Alaska Feb. ». 2 pmjPler 13
Nip Maru. China* Japan Feb. 9. 1 pmtPMSS
San Pedro.. I Humboldt (Feb. 9, 4 pmjPler 1*
NewburK ..|Orays Harbor' Feb. 9. 5 pml
North Fork Humboldt Feb. I 1).I 1 ). 9anrPler I
Pomona San Dlegro Feb. 19. 11 am [Pier It
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 10. lOamlPlerlJ
Umatllla ... Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 10. 10 am j Pier »
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 19. JpmlPler 3
Arcata [Coos Bay Feb. 11. lOamiPler 13
State of Call Portland Feb. 12. 10am|P1er24
Coos Bay...! Newport Feb. 12. 9anV,PlerU
Corona ISan Dleyo Feb. 14. 11 am! Pier 11
Sun rises J;°*
sun sets ;:;,"-.;„
Moon sets *- 4*4 * *• "*•
O Time Time Time Time
P Ft. TV Ft. Pt.
• H W L W H W I* W
~1 EOl 5.7 12: M 0.4 «:*2 I.T U:4O t.t
• : " L^ 6 V£ °- X I. 7 W a9 HW
9 055 S.J 7:07 5.7 J:M — 0.2 «:» 4.*
19 . 2:OR 3.S 8:08 6.« J:U — ».» »:«) *•«
11 303 S.O 9:04 8.8 J:5B — O.J 10:20 4.S
U '" a! 52 2.8 9:54 ».« 4:32 0.1 11:06 S-0
Steamer.
i ' Frcna. I Due.
Samoa
Telliw
Ctty of Para...
Point Arena —
Pomona
Empire
Aloha
A. Blanchard...
Matteawan
State of Cat....
Alameda .......
Tlllamook
Arcata
Czarina
Coos Bay
¦Willamette
Navarro
Sunol
Orizaba
Queen
Coqullle River..
Corona
Bristol
Crescent City...
Columbia
Bonlta
North Fork
f .
.'Humboldt Feb. 7
.'Oyster Harbor Feb. 7
.| Panama 'Feb. I
.¦Folnt Arena iKeb. <
.!San Dle*o IFeb. »
.ICoos Bay {Feb. »
.Crescent City IFeb. <
.'Cons Bay IFeb. S
. |Taco'ma ...........[Feb. J
.Portland Feb. »
.Sydney Feb*. 9
.Tlllamook Bay Feb. 9
.ICooa Bay Feb. •
.IPunet Sound Feb. 9
.(Newport Feb. I<>
.'Seattle Feb. 10
.'Humboldt Feb. li)
.¦Grays Harbor IFeb. 11
. Humboldt IFeb. U
. Victoria A Puget Souad.'Feb. li
. Grays Harbor (Feb. 11
.!San Dle«o IFeb. 13
.[Oyster Harbor {Feb. 13
. Crescent City 'Feb. 13
. Portland (Feb. 14
. Newport [Feb. U
. Humboldt IFeb. 15
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
—^— — ¦ — I _
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 7. 10 am Pier 24
Curacao Mexico Feb. 7. 10 ami Pier 11
Australia —I Honolulu Feb. 7. 2 pmlPier T
Homer [Oregon Ports. Feb. 7. 10amjPler2»
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 3. Jam Piw II
City SydneyiPanama Feb. 8. 12 m'PM33
Volumnla ..[Europe Feb. S. 10 amlPler 7
A. Blancn'd Coos Bay Feb. 8. spm Pier 13
Orizaba .... Humboldt Feb. I, 2pm Pier 9
Humboldt .Alaska Feb. ». 2 pmjPler 13
Nip Maru. China* Japan Feb. 9. 1 pmtPMSS
San Pedro.. I Humboldt (Feb. 9, 4 pmjPler 1*
NewburK ..|Orays Harbor' Feb. 9. 5 pml
North Fork Humboldt Feb. I 1).I 1 ). 9anrPler I
Pomona San Dlegro Feb. 19. 11 am [Pier It
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 10. lOamlPlerlJ
Umatllla ... Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 10. 10 am j Pier »
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 19. JpmlPler 3
Arcata [Coos Bay Feb. 11. lOamiPler 13
State of Call Portland Feb. 12. 10am|P1er24
Coos Bay...! Newport Feb. 12. 9anV,PlerU
Corona ISan Dleyo Feb. 14. 11 am! Pier 11
Sun rises J;°*
sun sets ;:;,"-.;„
Moon sets *- 4*4 * *• "*•
O Time Time Time Time
P Ft. TV Ft. Pt.
• H W L W H W I* W
~1 EOl 5.7 12: M 0.4 «:*2 I.T U:4O t.t
• : " L^ 6 V£ °- X I. 7 W a9 HW
9 055 S.J 7:07 5.7 J:M — 0.2 «:» 4.*
19 . 2:OR 3.S 8:08 6.« J:U — ».» »:«) *•«
11 303 S.O 9:04 8.8 J:5B — O.J 10:20 4.S
U '" a! 52 2.8 9:54 ».« 4:32 0.1 11:06 S-0"Coffee used to give me a sick head-
ache occasionally, and the coffee habit
was so fixed that if I quit it for a day, a
headache would follow. I was thus be-
tween two fires, and it was headache and
sickness cither way.
"Finally I was pushed to a point
where I concluded to' give up coffee al-
together and try Postum Cereal Food
Coffee. For a morning or two I stood
the headache caused by a lack of my ac-
customed drug, but in three days I be-
gan to get on the right road, and since
that time I have been getting better and
stronger steadily.
¦ "One can hardly realize the pleasure
it is to feel well again, and yet I have
my delicious morning cup of Postum
regularly, which tastes like coffee, looks
like coffee, and yet gives me true
ftrength and health. Mrs. B , 60S
Croton Sq., Syracuse, N. V. t says: 'Pos-
tum Food Coffee was recommended to
me for rheumatism by the physician.
He will not allow the use of common
coffee, hut says that Postum is strength-
ening and beneficial to a system under
acute rheumatic suffering. 1 find it most
excellent.'
"Professor Duvoll of the Syracuse
Universit}' says: 'I cannot drink coffee;
use Postum Food Coffee, which has a
strengthening influence for any one do-
ing brain and nerve work.' Mr. Wil-
liams says: 'Coffee produces dizziness,
dullness and nausea, with me. I use. and
much prefer. Postum Food Coffee,
which gives strength and a true healthy
condition.' Please do not use my name
in pub-lie. Respectfully, Mrs. E. W. L.,
Syracuse, N. Y."
The German army has the healthiest
troops in the world." ;
THE SAIST FRAXCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY .7, 1900.
In Sassari, Sardinia, four hundred peo-
ple are now being tried as bandits. These
include landlords, tradesmen. State and
municipal officials and many women.
There are 1900 witnesses. 120 lawyers and
200 large volumes of documents.
Phillips and His Wife.
A beautiful story is told of "Wendell
Phillips, the famous American orator. Il
lustrating his lover-like devotion to his
invalid wife, relates the New York Mail
and Express. At the close of a. lecture
engagement In a neighboring town his
friends entreated him not to return to
Boston.
It was a fearful cold night, and the last
train had gone, so he would have to re
turn In a carriage. "You will have twelve
miles of rough riding before you get
home," they said.
"But at the other end." he replied. "1
shall find Anno Phillips."
The Shepherd Canyon Road.
OAKLAND. Feb. 6.— Supervisor W.
Hemme of Contra Costa County was In
the city to-day. He said an effort will
be made to get the Contra Costa end of
the Shepherds Canyon road In a passable
condition. It has been in euch shape dur
ing the past winter that traffic has been
practically suspended.
Commercial Travelers' Club.
The Pacific Coast Travelers' Association
recently voted to admit merchants as as
sociate members, placing the fee at J5
per annum. The purpose of the move Is
to raise the necessary, money to provide
club rooms for the association, which
have long been needed by -the traveling
men as a rallying point. At the annual
meeting a vote was adopted to have club
rooms as soon as possible. The expecta
tion of Secretary A. C. Boldemann is that
the rooms will be secured by April.
Death of Mrs. Schellhaas.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6.— Mrs. Catherine
Sophie Schellhaas, mother of H. S. Schell-'
haas, the furniture dealer, is dead at the
age of 76 years. She was born in Prus
sia, and resided in Oakland for many
years: The deceased was the widow of
Caspar Echellhaas, and the mother of
Henry and Mathias Schellhaas, Mrs. F.
E. Crocker and Mrs. William Sack. The
funeral will be held to-morrow afternoon
from the. residence of Mrs. F. E. Crocker,
403 Ninth street.
Dr. J. J. Henna, a native of Puerto
Rico, now In Washington, says that there
are 258.000 beggars out of a population of
1,000,000 in that island.
A ring case has been patented by a
Michigan man for the storage of finger
rings, cleaning them automatically as
they are slipped Into place, the round
standard and screw-cap having surfaces
of abrading and polishing material which
act on the two sides of the ring as the
case Is closed. .
COUNCILMAN'S HOUSE
TACKLED BY BURGLARS
OAKLAND, Feb. 6.— An attempt was
made to rob the residence of Councilman
Glrard, €29 Thirty-fourth street, at an
early hour this morning. The thieves
were frustrated by the barking of a dog
which was chained In the yard.
The noise of the animal awakened the
Councilman, and when he raised a rear
window the burglars fled. An examina
tion showed that they had cut a pane of
glass out of the kitchen door and were
on the point of entering the house when
discovered. Councilman Girard now
sleeps beside a loaded shotgun. Chief of
Police Hodgklns was notified, but he has
not discovered a clew.
League of the Cross Ball.
Company A, League of the Cross Cadets
of St. Mary's Cathedral Parish, will give
an entertainment, 'to be followed by a
military ball, in Golden Gate Hall, Sutter
street, on next Friday evening. The best
amateur talent of the city .will contribute
to the programme and the grand march
will start at 9:30 o'clock. The proceeds
will be devoted to the armory and uniform
fund of the company, which has been ac
tively recruiting new members. The com
pany maintains large headquarters and
reading rooms at 614 Van Ness avenue. It
was the first company organized and has
always held a foremost place In the
League of the Cross. Tickets are 25 cents
each.
IMPROVING THE HOSPITAL.
Institution at the Presidio Will Ba
Fitted Up as a Permanent
Establishment. .
Company A. League of the Cross Cadets,
the general hospital at the Presidio, has
been allowed to go ahead on the Improve
ments he has been recommending ever
6ince ha took charge of the Institution.
It was i>ls desire to have the hospital
fitted up with everything a first class hos
pital ehould have. He succeeded some
time ago in getting something like what
he wanted in the way of apparatus, but
the building has never been a satisfactory
cne. WiUi tne improvements to be made,
however, It will be aa good as any. It
was the original intention to have the hos
pital on.'y for a Bhort time, but th& need
of it has bect-me more and more apparent
every day, and now. the department has
decided to eslablish It as a permanent In
stitution. With this end In view the im
provements v.ill be made.
Advertisements for bids for the follow
ing improvements will be soon published:
A power .plant; illuminating apparatus,
including engines, dynamos, motor, wires
and lights, kitchen and laundry fixtures;
stenm heating pipes and fixtures: nitra
tion plant; refrigerating plant, including
ice machine; ventilating ducts, shafts and
rcg'.s'ei-.-
These improvements will all be con
structed under the supervision of th«
chief quartermaster of the department,
Colcnel J. M. Marshall.
POSTUM CEHEAL.
If coffee
agreee with you
6tick to it.
If not,
Postum Food Coffee
as thousands of brain
workers do.
DAN MORAN'S CHARGES.
Before the Federal Grand Jury Hunt
ing Captain Schiller's Scalp for
Cruelty.
The Federal Grand Jury occupied the
whole of yesterday In examining Into
the charges preferred against Captain
John F. Schiller and William Holmes,
master-at-arms of the Government trans
port Thomas, by Daniel Moran, a coal
passer on the vessel, who alleges that he
was brutally treated on board the trans
port. The officers, on the other hand, are
trying to secure Moran's Indictment fey
mutiny. Moran'a father, on' behalf of the
boy, has entered suit against the captain
and master-at-arms for $10,000 damages.
Last Friday the Grand Jury presented
to United States District Judge de Haven
a series of questions as to whether, the
Thomas being owned and manned by the
Government and Moran being In the em
ployment of the Government, the Fed
eral courts or court-martial would be the
proper tribunals to try the Issues.
Judge de Haven called the Jury before
him yesterday and replied that the -Fed
eral Grand Jury had a right to investi
gate the charges.
ENTERTAINMENT AT
SACRED HEART HALL
OAKLAND. Feb. 6.— The Rev. Father
McSweeney delivered a lecture on Ireland
at Sacred Heart Hall last night, which
was attended by a large audience. It was
Interspersed with stereopticon views, and
a splendid musical programme was ren
dered, as folllows:
Piano solo. Miss Arrillaga; vocal solo,
"The Irish Maid." Miss Rose Turner; in
strumental, medley, Eollan Club (piano, R.
F. Gulchard Jr. ; \-lolln, H. R. Guichartl;
cornet. L. P. Snaer; trombone, D. E.
Campbell); vocal solo. "Com* Back to
Eiln," A. Walker Craig, accompanist.
Professor Arillapa; vocal »010, "Kather
lne Mavourneen," Miss Ida Valerga, ac
companist Peter T. Valerga; "Believe Me
If All Thoee Endearing Young Charms,"
I>. Warde, accompanist. Professor Arril
laga; "O Hapry Day, O Day So Dear" (Carl
Gotze). Miss Nellie CRourke: "Klllarney,"
D. Warde; "The Low-Backed Car," D.
Warde. •>
To Folsom for Five Years.
OAKLAND. Feb. 6.— W. J. Downing and
Charles E. McCoy, who pleaded guilty to
charges of attempted burglary, have each
been sentenced to five years' imprison
ment in Folsorn and were removed to the
prison this afternoon. Their accomplice,
Fred C. Dunmaker, will come up for sen
tence to-morrow.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
M Tryon. Victoria
H T Jones, Monterey
A J Larson. Lodl
Ellen DeCamp, WlHlts
Ida Upp. Wllllts
J T Bogue. Marysvllle.
O P Hansen. Victoria
J W Glenn & w. Cal
J W Brown. Cal
F H Whitney. Skagway
C O Whltfleld, Ala
B J Arthur, Pasadena
J Rosenberg, N V
W H Logan. Fresno
D E Lyon, Lyons
S Soudhlm, Tacoma
B F Stewart. Chicago
II B Stewart. Canton
H C B GUI, Fresno
W Beckman. Cal
Mrs A Allen, Oakland
J MeCudden. Vallejo
Miss MeCudden, Vallejo
W R Rogere. Cal
W A Crowell, Auburn
E Seegen. Cal
L Crammer, Omaha
A W Malt by. Concord
A J Newberry & w,
Porterville
W Kraft, N V
H E de Laraux & w.
Crockett
H H Hunter. San Joa«
J D Wadsworth. Cal
D A Madeira, Cal
M J Grammont, 111
A Gunn. Zoar
J C Manchester ft w.
Colorado Springs
J W Maurice, Mo
Mrs Maurice, Mo
Miss Lena Maurice, Mo
O P Wells. Vacavtll*
Mrs Stoddard, Vacavllle
J O North. Riverside
E G Dunning. Los An
F G Mayer, N V
L Renaldo, N V
Mrs R G Brown. Cal
W A Lamb, Chicago
W A CamDb*U. 11l
J W Kline Phlla
J B Selander, Chicago
M J Dowllnsr. Minn
T C Bode. Helena
Mrs Bode. Helena
H J Carolan. Cal
W H Clewes. Toronto
Mrs Clewes, Toronto
W F Johnson,' Naca
Mrs Johnson. Napa
E S Churchill. Napa
Mrs Churchill. Napa
Miss Churchill. Napa
A Peyton. Santa Cru»
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Ross. Merced
H B Marshall. Tular*
G Roddick. Brandon
F M Ream. Lovelock .
A H Wild. Lovelock
J Edwards, Glenwood
F L Horning. Fresno
W H Morglson. Boston
E "W Whltroore, Wrstr
GRAND HOTEL.
M P Henderson. Cal
D L Plummer, CaJ
C L White, Sacto
A \V Van Norden, Sac
M B Steadman. Cal
J Lang, Sioux City
J A Mlgllavacca. Cal
W W Prince, Sacto
M B Meek. Cal
O O Weber, Sta Rosa.
Mlns Lockwood, Sacto
L Stark, Boise
H S Bailey, 111
J W Stipes. 11l
F F "Walker. 11l
Mrs J C Dußols S Rosa
Miss D Wilson S Rosa
C » Pierce. Fresno
<! H Gowen, Victoria
,v, v M Bonner. Stktn
3 B McCord, Hanrord
W J Reed. Cal
T J Stephen, B C
D McMillan,. E Lake
A E Henderson. Cal
D McWllllam. Cal
J Hatpin, 111
J M Berc & w. Cal
Mrs E X Farnsworth,
Maine
T P Isaacs, Stanford
H C Warren, Nev
D Campbell, Loa An .
C • Dyer. Denver,
X G Raaf, Cal
Mrs J F Mclntosh. Cal
J F Mclntosh, Cal
C Multzen. Pt Reyes
Mrs A J McCarthy. Mo
Mrs E O Ingerscll. 11l
PAUVCE HOTEL.
C A Stevenson, S Louis
F A Mlnturn, Stktn
J Flnnel!. Tehama
O F. Whibbs, Leacy
R C Rogers, N V
O B Taylor, Hanford
C E Bowen, Alameda
Mrs Bowen. Alameda
W H Leonard. Stanfrd
G B McQueriy, Cal
Mrs McQueny, Cal
J TV Cochran. Wla
Miss M E Cochran. Wls
A P Wineau. N V
Mrs F HLesgltt. N V
Miss McLeod, N V
E Cory. Chicago ¦
C D Bertolet, Chicago
Henry Benta, N V
<" R Knell, Chicago
P L. Sherman. Chicago
Mrs J D Farrell. Wash
C W Collier. N V
Miss Woodworth, Wash
Mrs Woodworth, "Wash
R Hunter. Spokane
Mi»» Baldwin, N V
P T Sptllane. Santa Cz
P C Mayford. N V
J TV Ellis, Fresno
J Rolling. Oregon
P N Bernard. San Jos*
T Chandler. Modesto
S W Stern. Los Ang
E J Davega, Chicago
W Mann. Colusa
DEATH OF EMINENT
NEBRASKAN PHILOSOPHER
BERKELEY. Feb. 6.— The news of the
death of Leon W. Solomons, a graduate
of the University of California, has Just
been received. Dr. Solomons was profes
sor of philosophy in the University of
Nebraska. He graduated from the Uni
versity of California in 1893 with' the de
gree fit Bachelor of Science. In 18&4 he
took his master's degree. In IS9S he re
ceived his degree or Doctor of Philos
ophy from Harvard. During the winter
<->! IS3S-i*9 Dr. Solomons was acting profes
sor of philosophy in the University of
Wisconsin and from there went to Ne
braska.*
WILLIAM HEALEY WINNER
OF AN ESSAY CONTEST
William Healey was declared winner of
the essay contest held on Monday by Com
pany D, League of the Cross Cadets, in
Sacred Heart Parish Hall. When Captain
I. D. Dwyer, who acted as . chairman,
arose to make his opening address there
was not a vacant chair in the large hall.
He stated the object of the occasion and
told what the League of the Cross was
accomplishing toward temperance and
antl-clgarette smoking.
After a number of vocal and instru
mental solos he Introduced William
Healey as the first essayist. The latter
read a particularly strong paper on the
dangers that accrue from cigarette smok
ing, and at the conclusion of his interest
ing essay he was loudly cheered. WHilaxn
Breen, another contestant, followed alonsr
the same lines. He traced the history of
the cigarette and wound up with a dia
tribe against Its use by young men.
The judges, T. J. Walsh and Miss
Dunne, then retired, and returned a few
minutes later and rendered a decision in
favor of Mr. Healey, and he is now enti
tled to compete in the annual essay con
test of the organization. Rev. Father La
gan delivered a short address, and after
the national hymn was sung by the audi
ence the meeting closed.
NARROW ESCAPE FROM
DEATH BY SUFFOCATION
, ALAMEDA, Feb. 6.— Several persons in
the residence of George *W. Scott, 1723
Central avenue, were overcome by smoke
during a fire there at an early hour this
morning and narrowly escaped death.
Mrs. H. F. Whitman and Miss Maud Scott
were carried from the burning structure
in an unconscious condition by the fire
men, and it took a considerable time to
resuscitate them.
The nre originated from a defective
furnace in the basement and was unaer
considerable headway when the depart
ment arrived. Chief Krauth and several
of his men made several ineffectual at
tempts to enter the house before they
were successful. The smoke was den>e
and drove them from the place repeat
edly. A ladder was finally placed against
an attic window and the inmates were
rescued by means of it. Exit had been
cut off in other quarters.
The flames were confined to the lower
portion of the structure, but considerable
damage was done by water and the loss
will reach several thousand dollars.
Besides the two women who were car
ried from the house in an unconscious
condition, the hcuse contained H. F. Whit
man, four children and two servantts.
They were all considerably overcome by
the smoke but managed to climb down
the ladder unaided. --.'•'
Mr. and Mrs. Scott are at present In
New York City on a visit.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
HAYWARDS POLITICS
ALREADY BOOMING
OAKLAND. Feb. 6.— The Haywards
town election will be held on April 9
next, and a lively contest over the pos
session of the offices Is expected. Candi
dates have already commenced the cam
paign for votes, and every man with a
ballot has already been importuned to
vote for at least half a dozen different
men for every place in sight.
The term* of Trustees M. C. Peterson*
H. CBrurner and C." W. Heyer will ex
pire this eprlng. Successors to Clerk
James A. CoKir.s. Marshal W. J. Ram
age and Treasurer A. E. Fischer will also
\i(r selected. There will also be three
library trustees chosen, the terms of F. F.
Allen and E. O. Bennett expiring, and J.
J. McDonnell having resigned.
MISS MARTHA ALEXANDER
WEDS JOHN WATERHOU SE
MRS. JOHN WATERHOUSE (Nee ALEXANDER).
nAKLAND, Feb. 6.— The wed
ding .of Miss Martha Alexan
\V^ der, youngest daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. S. T. Alexander, and
John Waterhouse of Honolulu took
place this evening at 8 o'clock at the
handsome residence of the bride's pa
rents, corner Sixteenth and Filbert
streets. The ceremony, which was
performed by the Rev. Charles R.
Brown of the First Congregational
Church, was witnessed by only the
relatives and a few very Intimate
friends. A large reception was held
Immediately following the service.
The Alexander home was most
beautifully decorated for the event.
The wide hall was arranged with cut
flowers and palms and ferns and clus
ters of red roses were placed here
and there. The reception room was
entirely In green, smilax being used.
The drawing and dining rooms werp
In white and lavender. Chinese lan
terns lighted the canvas-covered steps
and portico.
The ceremony was very simple, but
impressive. The bride, who Is petite
and Blender, was charming in her
gown of white satin. She wore a veil
and carried lilies of the valley. Her
maid of honor, Miss Harriett Kitt
redge, wore an elegant gown of white
with an overdress of point d'esprit.
She carried white blossoms. The
bridesmaids were Miss Belle Dickie,
a cousin, and the Misses Carmen
Moore and Emma Grimwood. They
were dressed alike in white liberty
silk. Wallace Alexander, the bride's
brother, was best man. The recep
tion that followed the ceremony was
attended by several hundred guests,
including some of the most prominent
society people on both sides of the
bay.
The bride is a member of Oakland's
younger set, and has been very prom
inent at the different cotillons and
other smart affairs held this season.
She is extremely popular because of
her genial and sweet disposition. Mr.
Waterhouse is prominent in the isl
ands, where the Alexanders have ex
tensive interests and where they
spend a part of each year. The two
families have been intimately ac
quainted for years and the union Is
one that Is particularly pleasing. The
young couple were the recipients of
many elegant gifts, chief among
which was the deed of an elegant
home in Honolulu, a present from the
bride's father.
DEVISED ALL TO
HER WHO WAS A
MOTHER TO HIM
KNOCKED FROM
A BOX CAR AND
TORN IN SHREDS
W. F. Montres In
stantly Killed.
s Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 6.
W. F. Montrefe, a switchman, was
knocked from the top of a boxcar by a
smokestack which projected over the
track from the trainshed at the Alameda
mole this morning. He was instantly
killed. Four wheels of a car passed over
his body, mangling it In a horrible man
ner.
The accident occurred Just after 4
o'clock. Montres was standing on top of
the car, which was being shunted by a
yard engine, and he failed to see the ob
struction. When struck .the switchman
fell between the cars and across the
track. Some of the wheels passed over
the body, almost cutting it in two. An
other wheel passed over the head of the
unfortunate man, crushing it to a pulp.
The body was taken to the Morgue and
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an Inquest.
The deceased was a yard switchman and
had been In the employ of the railroad
company for several years. He was con
sidered a careful and responsible man.
Montres was about 28 years of age and
unmarried. He resided at the Bay View
House near the mole, and has parents
living at Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz
County. ¦
Mrs. Lanktree Files
W. P. Jones.W ill.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 6.
Because she had cared for and guarded
over him as a loving mother for more than
twenty-one years William P. Jones, the
aged capitalist and bachelor, who died in
Alameda last week, left his entire estate
to Mrs. Susan Lanktree.
Mr. Jones was 78 years old at the time
of his death, January 29 last. His will,
executed December 19, 5899, was filed for
probate this afternoon, and Mrs. Susan
Lanktree, who is named as sole devisee
and also executrix without bonds, has ap
plied, for letters of administration. The
instrument is very brief. It simply recites
that "I devise and bequeath all my es
tate, real, personal or mixed, wheresoever
situated, including all property of which
I may die seized, possessed or In any way
entitled to or interested In, to my friend,
Susan Lanktree. now residing at my home
in Alameda." The clause making her ex
ecutrix follows.
Mrs, Lanktree's petition for letters re
cites that the estate is valued at about
J30.500, being $12,500 of real estate In Ala
meda and Oakland and $18,300 of personal
property.
Jones came to California across the
plains in 1849. He never married, and so
far as can be learned left no relatives or
heirs at law.. For over twenty-one years
Mrs. Lanktree had guarded over him
with almost the same tenderness as she
exerted over her son. J. B. Lanktree.
LAW'S METHODS
CRITICIZED BY
A LADY LAWYER
Clara Foltz Creates a
Scene in Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Feb. 6.
"Do you expect the women of this Stat*
to take the law in their own hands, your
Honor? This man Freeman ought to bo
sent to jail!"
After addressing these stinging worrla
to Superior Judge Hall in open court to
day, Clara Foltz, the woman . attorney,
representing Mrs. Sarah Freeman, »ho
had her husband cited for contempt in
refusing to pay alimony, rushed from lli-j
courtroom, followed by her fair client an I
several lady friends, and a3 she hurried
through the corridor she waa heard to
murmur something about "a moral cow
ard, that's all."
Judge Hall had just dismissed the cita
tion directing Thomas B. Freeman to ex
plain why he should not be punished for
•having failed to pay his divorced vife
*534 back alimony"; why he had. as his ex
wife alleged in her petition, •'defle.l the
authority of the courts" and "sneered at
the majesty of the law."
On twenty previous occasions Freeman
had been cited for similar tardiness- in
obej-lng the court's decree. On each oc
casion he had the sum total due Increase
J2O. And each time Freeman had escaped
without a touch, claiming that he had
been haled to court so frequently that
he could not discover an opportunity to
earn enough to meet the demands of the
law. On the witness stand Freeman de
nied that he defied the court's authority
or sneered at the majestic law. "I. have
no reason for so doing." he said. "The
courts have always treated me fairly."
"And do you think," queried Mrs. Foltz.
plaintiff's attorney, "that because the
court has stood by you twenty tlm^s th»
court ought to make it twenty-one?"
Judge Hall mildly reproved the fairer
Bexed advocate and prevented Freeman's
reply by admonishing her that "your re
marks are very offensive to this court ."*
and Mrs. Foltz apologized profusely,
while his Honor dismissed the citation.
Judge Hall gave the plaintiff but one
consolation. W. B. Woodward, Freeman's
employer, had testified that the defend
ant had worked only part of the time
since the last citation and had not eamc<l
enough to pay the alimony, and Judge
Hall remarked that If ever Freeman do? 3
earn or accumulate enough he can be
brought Into court and be made to pay.
An effort on the part of Mrs. Foltz to
have the citation go over for a month
was knocked early in the game.
SCHOOLMARMS
MUST CEASE
USING SLANG
Trustees Condemn
Nicknames.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 6.
Teachers who persist in calling pupils
by nicknames hereafter are liable to of
ficial decapitation. Tne practice has been
prohibited by an edict of the Board of
Education. * The slang of the street must
be expurgated from the pedagogic vocab
ulary, and nothing but the purest of
Queen's English Is to be hereafter toler
uted. Curbstone language Is alleged to
have been used by demure and pretty
young schoolma'ams in addressing chil
dren of unruly disposition and, further
more, It is asserted that some of the ob
streperous kids were dubbed with derisive
noms de plume.
The matter was brought before the
Board of Education last night. All the
members were a unit in declaring that
hereafter a teacher guilty of such an act
shall be liable to a peremptory dismissal
from service. The particular case which
brought the practice up for attention was
one wherein a boy was contemptuously
called "Tougny" by an irate teacher.
Superintendent McClymonds was told to
make an investigation, and should he find
that the use of nicknames by teachers la
prevalent it will be stopped, even though
the official guillotine has to be brought
into requisition.
"Here, Swipsey, come up here and put
on the duncecap" will no longer be ut
tered by an angry young miss In address
ing a pupil.
"Shorty, "Fatty." "Red." "Blinky,"
"The Kid," "Three-Fingered Jack."
"Rain-In-the-Face." "The Spider," "Run
away Bill." "Petey." "Brlcktop." "Gib
lets." "Nibs" and the rest of the crowd
of 10-year-olds with eimila/ descriptive
appellations have been tabooed. Teachers
have been officially notified arid ordered
to erase them from the books of choice
names of pet pupils.
"John Henry," "James Augustus," "Al
fonso," "Clarence" or whatever other
name a budding genius may have hap
pened to have- been cumbered with at the
baptismal font must now be used, t when
the boys are addressed by their Instruc
tors. Opprobrious phrases are also ta
booed.
"I think that the cases where teachers
use nicknames or slang In reproaching a
pupil are isolated ones," said Assistant
Superintendent of Schools R. B. S. York.
"Even if that Is the case, however, it
must be stopped altogether. Superintend
ent McClymonds has started in to make
a thorough investigation, and if any of
the teachers are. found guilty of such
conduct tney will be suspended or ex
pelled from duty. Children are sensitive,
and when contemptuously referred to by
their instructors they feel it keenly, and
it makes them sullen and rebellious.
Kindness, firmness and politeness are the
three best things to govern pupils with
in a school. If a child persists in being
refractory after being handled in that
manner, the case should be referred to
the Superintendent and he will dispose
of it."
Many of the teachers are shocked to
learn that charges of such indecorous be
havior have been made against some of
their number. They all assert most posi
tively that such cases are rare, If they
exist at all.
SHE WILL WED
HIM EVEN IN
HIS OWN HOME
Miss Darneal True to
Alan Bowen.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 6.
Alan Bowen and his approaching wed
ding to Miss Susie Darneal of Alameda
have caused a rupture in the Darneal
household to such an extent that the ap
proaching wedding has been announced
for the home of the groom, and there ia
consternation where this fact is known.
The groom is giving his opinion of his
mother-in-law-elect before marriage and
the mother-in-law-elect has a few words
to say. about the new addition to the
household, which words are supplemented
by some from the father. Meanwhile Miss
Darneal says tnat she is going to marry
Mr. Bowen, even if she has to do It at the
home of his parents.
Alan Bowen is the son of Charles G.
Bowen of the firm of Wetmore, Bowen &
Co., the San Francisco wine merchants.
Miss Susie Darneal is the- daughter of
Harvey Darneal, one of the court report
ers of this county. The parents of the
young lady knew nothing about the ap
proaching wedding until it was announced
and they do not hesitate to oppose it
openly.
"If my daughter leaves her parents for
this man she leaves our house forever,"
said Mr. Darneal to-day. "Of course she
is of age and can do as she pleases, but
it will not be with our consent. She can
not be married in our home and none of
our family will be present. We have only
one cause of objection to this young man
— we do not think he is a proper one for
our daughter to marry. We will offer no
objection, but we will not assist in the
wedding."
This, is what Mr. Bowen says in reply:
"The statement that I have been denied
the privilege of visiting Mls3 Darneal at
her home is not quite correct. I call there
frequently and am received as courteously
as I could expect in view of the fact that
her parents object to mo as a son-in-law.
The opposition comes principally from
Mrs. Darneal. She has brought every
possible argument to bear against our
marriage. She has not succeeded in her
efforts, however, and the ceremony will
take place as planned. I consider myself
quite the equal of Mrs. Darneal so far as
lineage goes, for two of my ancestors
fought in the Revolutionary War. I am
a Junior member of the firm of Wetmore.
Bowen & Co. of San Francisco. The fact
that the firm deals in liquors is one of the
arguments used against me."
Miss Darneal is true to her accepted
lover and she declares her intention of
marrying him. despite her parents.
"Our wedding day has been set and
that's all there is to it." said Miss Dar
neal. "I have known Mr. Bowen for a
long time and have learned to regard him
highly. The antagonism of my parents to
our approaching marriage is without good
reason. At present we are agreed that
the marriage shall take place on the 19th
at Mr. Bowen's home. If my parents re
lenj.. then we will be married at my own
home. There will be nothing elaborate
about the affair.
And so Alameda 13 all "agog.
WHEELER IS NOT
GOING EAST FOR
NEW MATERIAL
At Least Not on This
Little Trip.
BERKELEY. Feb. 6.— President Benja
min Ide Wheeler* of the University of Cal
ifornia left for the East last night, to be
gene for several weeks. His mission is
I not. he says, that of seeking new material
| for the university, but one of obligation.
While a professor at Cornell University
he was engaged to give a series of five
lectun-s on "Greek Life" to the students
of the university at Richmond, Va. In
addition he will speak at the dedicatory
exercises of the Perkins Men's building
at Colorado Springs, at the Washington's
birthday celebration of JohnsllopkinsUni
versity, before the Civic League of Chi
cago and at the national convention of
Superintendents of Education.
But while the president will not admit
to more than a lecturing tour upon this
trip he says that he is going East again
and will then fish out some new material
for the university faculty. In view of thlt
admission a great deal of wonder Is being
expressed in Berkeley as to whether
President Wheeler will not keep a quiet
lookout on this trip for men who might
wain to help ljuild the greater University
of California. There have been many ru
mors as to what President Wheeler in
tended to do with his staff/and it is of
interest to know what the new president
thinks. Before leaving for the East he
made this statement:
"So, I am not going East to get new
material for the University of California,
I will make a special trip a little later for
that purpose. The time is not ripe for any
changes if there be any intention of mak
ing changes. My trip will be well taken
up with official visits and lectures in vari
ous States. If the time were opportune
and everything else agreeable I could not
possibly do Justice to such a matter in the
limited time at my disposal.
"i do not know of any changes in the
faculty that are contemplated. The uni
versity is growing and changes and addi
tions must necessarily be made. At pres
ent, however, nothing can be done be
cause of the lack of funds. That is the
one thing which will prevent the Univer
sity of California from going to the front.
As soon as we can get appropriations
from the State or money from private
sources, then the college will be put on a
new footing.
"Since I came here I have made a care
ful etudy of the needs of the university
aa regards the chairs and equipment. The
equipment in some departments needs ad
ditions and I trust will be straightened
out before another year. For the past few
weeks I have visited the recitations that
I might be familiar with every professor
and instructor and every department. If
we see our way clear a little later in the
year I will go East again and devote my
entire time to getting men who will fit the
positions they are chosen for in the best
possible manner. We want the best men
we can secure, and when we have that
the future of the university is assured.
If the State will do its part there need be
no fear for the future of the University
of California."
DISLIKES THE
WAY THE CLERK
KEEPS BOOKS
Expert Reports Many
Discrepancies.
?
ALAMEDA. Feb. «.— The clock In the
Council chamber was ret hack twenty
minutes last nicht In order th.at the report
of the expert who had been engaged on
the city's books could be legally received
by the Hoard of Trustees. On two occa
sions the animated discussion over the re
port between Trustee Mackie and City
Clerk Ivamborn came near extending Into
Tuesday's precincts, but each time the
hands of the clock were caught as they
were giving the expiring tick before 12
iind turr.ed back to 11:50 p. m.
l>. E. Dyer is the expert whose report
oau««d the City Trustees to hold a mid
night session. lie was api>oint«l live
months ago to check up and pot the city's
books in shape for the satisfaction of the
Finance Committee. Trustee Mackie,
chairman, read the report, and between
him and the Clerk sarcastic words and
lk»ree looks were exchanged. The Cierk
did not enter any denial of the allegations
madf against him. He will reserve his
trumdums for the ppecial investigation
which will be called.
A list of some 300 alleged discrepancies
between warrants and demajids accora
par.iM the. report. It was shown that
duplicate warrants were drawn for the
same demand, that amounts on demands
and warrants do not correspond and that
alterations have been made in demands.
The report reads as follows:
Board of Trustees— Gentlemen: I have foun<l
that the City Cork's office has b"«>n conducted
In a very careless mannf-r. A great many dls
orepanclf?* have occurred between warrants and
demand*. In a number of cases duplicate and
triplicate warrants have been Issued for the
name <3etßand.
Ttie book of demands and warrants is writ
ten up from the warrants, while the charter
F*ys that th» entries shall be made from the
demands. Some of the books have not been
written up nor balanced for many months.
In a number of cases the. demands have been
altered, uid the same alterations have not
be«n made in the books of the City Clerk.
Many demands have net been sworn to by
creditors.
It has oft^n occurr«?d that the number of
the demand does not correspond with the num
ber of the warrant, and hundreds of demands
have not been numbered. The books of this
uffice have not b«en balanced with the Treas
urer's monthly reports, and no efforts have
been made to find differences between these
offices when they have occurred.
The amount overpaid on warrants was
stated by Trustee Mackie to be about $200.
Some of this money has been paid back
into the city treasury- The remaining
sums will be collected by the City Attor
ney.
NEWS of the BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
| FOR 25 YEARS j
| HAS BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ¦; t
I EMINENT PHYSICIANS I
I As the Best Natural Aperient Water. fc
I UNEQUALLED AS A REMEDY FOR J
I Constipation and Stomach Disorders. I
I ; Get the Genuine! |
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
T<Nt-i For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
RKigjjK Feb. 5. 10. 15, 20. 25. liar. 2.
t^yTa^. CKanKe t.T company's st»am-
*sT ß*Gv«Tl ere at Seattle.
ts\s«B '*» ; 4 For Victoria. Vancouver.
H£2K-2***;l 'B. C). Port Townsend.
r^fia^t&Yll Seattle. Tacrtr.a. Everett.
Anaccrtfs an j >,' ew Whac-
com (Wash.), 10 a. m.. Feb.
5, 10. 13, 20, 25 Mar. 2. and every fifth day
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company*
steamers /or Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Tacoma
to N. P- Ry. : at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Enreka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Feb.
S. S. 13. IS. S3. IS. Mar. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter. -?_
For Santa Crua. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8. 12. 1«. 20. 24. 2S. Mar. 4. and
very fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. in..
Feb J. « 10. 14. IS. M. *«. Mar. 2. and every
fourth day th-reafter.
For En*enada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to ehanga
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICK —4 New Montgomery
rtreet (Palace Hotel.)
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agts..
10 Market st. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From 6s<>ar-street Wharf at 10 a, m.
CADE £12 First Class Including Berth
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meala.
COLUMBIA sails Feb. 7. 17. J7. Mar. ». 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 13. 22. March 4. 14. 24
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt-.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
(30 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
KIT TOBK. 80CTHAKPT03. L05D09. PA2II
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 a. m.
St. Paul Feb. 7| Frlesland Feb. 23
New York Feb. H New York March 7
St. Louis Feb. 11l St. Paul March 14
RED STAi* LINE.
New YorK at)d Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday* 12 noon.
Westernland ....Feb. 71 Frlesland Feb. Tt
Kensington Feb. 14,'Southtvark ...March 7
Koordland Feb. 21 j Westernland ..March 14
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbael. Oawson City.
For fall Information regarding freight and
' passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WTIX LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Friday. Ftb. 3
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. March 1
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 31
Via Honolulu.
Ronnd-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agoat.
PEfSat&HA The S. S. Austral!*
T&ilflii. * alls t°* Honolul'4
Jrmil* Wednesday. Ftb. ?.
M U«>. at 2 p. m.
OnT V T 11 * B - 3- Alaraeda
JsfwmSninJ •ail* ?!» Honolulu aa^
CACoIIUIH^ Auckland tor Sydae*\
Farorlt * Use around the world via Hawaii
Fanroa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suas.
England, etc.: J3lO first class.
I. D. SPHECKELS k B riGS. CO.. Agts.. 114 MontgomeT)
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Offlcs.32? Market SL
COMPAQ* IE 6121 E8A11 TRAH3ATLASTIQCS.
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE- PARIS.
SatUn»r every Thursday instead of <SaX&
Saturday, from November ». ISD9. at " > ' w/ * rfc
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North RlTer. foot .-of
Morton Bt. : LA BRETAGNE. Feb. 8; L-AQtTI-
TAINE. Feb. 13; LA OASCOGNE. Feb. 22: LA
TOURAINE. March L" First class to Uivrs,
$60 and upward: 5 p«r cent reduction on round
trip. S«cond class to Havr*. *43: S per cent re-
duction on round trtp. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, tl
Broadway (Hudson building). N«w York. J.
F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. I
Montgomery are.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello.*"
MOX., Tues.. Wed.. Thura. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.; S:l5. 8:10 p. to. <tx. Thurs. nigh*); Frt-
daye, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 *. m.. I
p m. Landlnar and office. Mlssioa-atrwt Dock.
Pier No. Z. . Telephone Main 1504. . -
FARE ...« • KUHitMtM *0q
use
9
ALAN BOWEN.ODELL, 206 Kearny St.
AGENTS, ladles or gentlemen, to sell Columbia
guitars and zithers in each county tn Cali-
fornia; good contract. CHARLES AMBROSE,
. 1517 Market at
HELP WANTED^ — AGENTS
WANTED- 1000 agents to handle our patented
waterproof neckties: all colors: wear 6
months; sell at sight; 25c retail; agents clear
$8 to $10 dally; secure territory Immediately.
M. & M. MFG. CO.. Springfield. Mass.
AGENTS— Moody. Moody. Moody. Authentic
history by his son, W. R. Moody; rare chance;
sells nt sight; highest com.; outfit free. Chl-
cago Bible House, 56 Fifth aye., Chicago.
AGENTS— Contra Costa. Alameda, San Joaquln
and Stanislaus; money In this: investigate.
CLARK. ,T5l Nineteenth st., Oakland.
AGENTS In each county en coast; permanent
work and territory: article a seller. HER-
RICK. 1417 Brush St., Oakland. •;;;
FOR a first-class investment security. 6 per
cent guaranteed and extra profits; something
new and safe that people really want; this is
your opportunity. 14 Mills bldg.. 6th floor.
AGENTS, ladies and gentlemen. 'to sell Colum-
bia and guitar zithers In each county In Cali-
fornia. CHAS. AMBROSE, 1517 Market St.
AGENTS wanted— Something new; ladles and
gentlemen. 9 Boyd St., near Harrison, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line.' J. N.
A MAN and wife; must understand milking
cows: $50; see gentleman here, 8:30. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Sutter st. _,
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. .630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free - employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS halrcutter who understands
hair curling. 24 Geary st.
SHOEMAKER wanted — First-class on custom
• repairing. T. HINES. 270 Noe st.
50 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at the Chutes
this (Wednesday) evening at 6 o'clock.
COAT, pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter St. T ,y
GERMAN woman wishes a few steady placet
washing; $1 per day and car fare. Address
H., Call branch, 615 Larkin st.
WANTED — Situation, general housework; city
or country; small wages. 174 Jessie st, room 3.
SEAMSTRESS would like plain sewing and
mending. I Address 431 V4 Fulton st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as housekeeper;
city or country. 29 Eddy ct., room 29, 2d floor.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position at general
housework. Apply 271 Clementina St., oft 4th.
RESPECTABLE young lady, good references,
speaking German and English fluently, wishes
a position as ladles' maid or care of grown
children to travel to. Europe. Call 2 to 5.
143 V. Polk St.
SITUATION wanted by young French woman,
speaks German and English fluently, as gov-
erness or ladles' maid, to travel" lt. required.
Address box 2C55, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants place to do house-
work in good family; can do fine cooking;
city references. Call at 2480 Bush st., near
Scott.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like a few en-
gagements by the da*: $150; perfect flt
guaranteed; will take home. Address 233 El-
lis St., The Furrier.
YOUNG lady desires a position. as stenographer-
references; wages no object. Box 2643, Call.
DRESSMAKER and thorouch fitter on tailor
suits wants engagement; $1 60 a day. 244 Tay-
lor et.
TEACHER holding "California Educational
Diploma" and having experience wishes pu-
pils; children or adults; 25c an hour. J. E.
D., box 2623. Cai*
WANTED — Young man about 20 years of age,
living with his parents, to do porter work In
a first-class saloon In city at J43 per month:
no Sunday work. W. D. EWER _ CO., 610
Clay st.
"WANTED— Farmers, $26; 3 pruners* $25 and $26:
choreboy, $10; old man to care for place. $5
and found; blacksmith helper and finisher,
$2 25 day; woodchoppers, $1 75 cord; cooks,
waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT, 628 Sac-
ramento st. ¦
FURNITURE "WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPEUT, 773 Mission st. payt
the highest prices for your 2d-hanfl furniture.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture: carpets,
piano. 1135 Market Et.; telephone Jessie 7?1
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 330».
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/5...101 GEARY ST.
60 Teamsters, scrapert holders and loaders.
Coast R.R.. Santa Barbara Co.. free fare...
50 coal miners for New Mexico, special rates
of fare: 2 underground car men, $2 a day: 10
pruners and grafters, $26 and board; vege-
table gardener, $25: woodchoppers and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FRY cook, country hotel. $60 and fare paid. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 ERRAND boys who know the city, for our
offlce. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ROY MARTIN and Albert Johnson, laundry
hands, please call or send your address to C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY 6c TEADY PHONE MAIN 5843
Leading 'Employment and Labor Agents.
..Want 7 a. m. to-day..
MECHANICAL HELP
RlSKer for machinery company $2 bo day
blacksmith for camp
wheelwright : $49 to $45 and found
blacksmith, country shop
4 miners, large gold mining c&mpany $75
STABLEMEN FARM HELP
buggy washer J5O
harness cleaner $20 and found
stableman J4O
5 ranch and orchard hands and teamsters
.••.' $20 and $26 and found
milkers pruners choreraen
TO SANTA CRUZ COUNTY
15 woodchoppers for redwood, pine, oak and
madrone, 4-foot wood, 750 to $1 60 cord; tools
and provisions furnished.
MURRAY, & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
STEWARD PANTRYMAN COOKS
night steward, restaurant; pantryman: young
man drive waeon and work In butcher shop.
$ir. and found; cooks, city and country, $30
to $45 and found; waiters, etc. MURRAY &
READY, C 34-636 Clay st.
NEAT, willing girl wishes position to do house-
work and plain cooking In a small family;
wages $15. Address box 2C66, Call.
AT once; lady of education and culture would
like a position as copyist or companion: good
seamstress. Box 2701, Call office, Oakland.
ELDERLY Bcotch woman wishes to do light
housework or would take care <if an invalid;
city or country. Add. 901 Folsom st., cor. Cth.
YOUNG lady trained nurse would like steady
position as nurse and companion to invalid;
very best references. Box 2639, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French and German cook wishes
situation In private family; wages $25 to $30.
Address box 2C6S, Call offlce.
NURSE, accustomed to care of sick, city ex-
perience, wants position. Address box 2669,
Call offlce.
LADY with little boy would like a position to
do plain cooking; Christian Science family
preferred. Call or address 724 Eddy st.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. TJNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ny».
$10— SUNNY cottage of 3 rooms. 134 Rose aye.,
¦ between Goueh and Octavla sts.
$20— A NICE upper flat of 7 rooms and bath;
Just renovated. 1627 Devtsadero St., bet. Post
$10—527 GROVE St.: 4 large rooms, yard; be-
tween Lajruna and Octavla.
SUTTER, 1613, near Octavla— 7 rooms and bath;
rent $30.
YOUNG girl lately from Germany wishes posi-
tion; family having no small children pre-
ferred. Apply 1512 Pacific aye.
YOUNG lady desires upstairs work and plain
sewing; Is also willing to assist with other
housework. Address D. E., box 2600, Call.
YOUNG lady wishes to assist In dentist's or
doctor's of nee. Address L. P., 10G6 Poplar St..
Oakland.
ELDERLY German lady seeks employment as
seamstress, either at home or In families. 10
CDlllngwood st.
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat, 7 rooms
and bath; elegant view. 3Vi Scott st.
RINGOLD, 29, between Folsom and Harrison-
Flat of 3 large rooms; rent $3. - ,¦
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgon cry.
IVY aye., 336. near Franklin— Three sunny
rooms and bath; $13.
REFINED middle-aged German wishes situa-
tion in family; Is a good cook; will assist in
housework, city or county. Address 337>J
Tenth st* or box 2670, Call offlce.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFnCE of th» Fan Frane!#c«
Can. corner of Market and Third streets, open
enti! U o'clock every nirht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montromerr street,
ecrner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
too Hayes etreet: open until 9:36 p. ra,
«S McAllister rtreet; cpen until »:» p. m.
«5 Larkin etreet: cpen until »:30 p. m.
JSKI Mission etreet; open until 10 p. ra.
SCI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 5 p. c
30€ Eleventh etreet: cpen nntn I p. ra.
JC96 Valencia street; cpen until J p. m.
:^3 Polk ttreet; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrthwett corner of Twenty-second and K>n-
««rkv ftreets: open ur.tl! > p. ra.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2; R. and S. • •
M. will meet THIS
EVKNIXG. February 7. at S o'clock. TC/T
for business and degrees. By order of /~r
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Recorder.
JIor.NT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. O
and A. M.— Stated meetinr THIS_JK__
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7 :3055r
o'clock. THEO. FROLICH. Sec /V'
EXCELPIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. m
M.— Slated meeting THIS (W'ED.VES-^^
PAY) EVENING. February ". at <:30TCX
o'clock after which first degree. f^w '
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 138. F. and A. M. ¦
—Stated meeting and D. 3d THIS_JV_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, February JLjt
7. at 7:30 o'clock. By order of the W. /^r *
M.. H. rORTRIEPE. Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 8. K. of P.. S^
will confer the Pare rank THIS ». **,
< WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 909 3S6K*
Market Et. Members of the order «re —^— Jl^<
cordially Invited to attend.
JOHN WISE, C. C
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
CLAN Fraser No. 7S, O. 6. C— Of- v '%t %t
fleer* and n.e^.hprs are requested to t?. C iuj
Efcemble at the moot room. S2 ?oO JZje
n Farre! 1 »t.. on WEDNESDAY. < *^ 3 **»
et 1 o'clock, for the pupope of attending the
funeral cf our late clansman, ROBERT S.
DUNCAN, which take* place at 2 o'clock,
from the Alcc_ar building. 121 O" Parrel! St.
G. G. GILLESPIE, Chief.
WM. COHMACK. Sec-.
MEMBERS of the Caledonian Club 4 O\.
Brt requested to attend the funeral SV, tjtu]
of late clansman. ROBERT S.
PUNTAX, from Alcazar building. *«=*?%
120 O'FarrcM et., WEDNESDAY. February 7,
et 2p. m. By order of
ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
A. McNAIR, Secretary-
BORROW on diamond*; wcrecy; private en-
trance; private rms. Uncle Harrl». 15 Grant.
..ASTROLOGY.
P!!OF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest aatrolo-
tf*t and • palmist In the world: satisfaction
euarsnteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. £50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
¦W. DAVIDSON. 917 Market 6t.. opp. Mason.
J". H. MEKZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
sumed practice at EOS Cal. ft.. Clunle bldg.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. ?27 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free: Tin fees In advance.
DOARD AND ROOMS.
"B^LG^TirVLV^HOTSEir^PoIk and Clay— Sun-
r.y euites: best board: 2. $.r>o. r >0 up: single, $22 50.
HYDE. 299 (The Salisbury)— Large Sunny items
— :th board: en eulte or sinerle: reasonable.
HYPE. 725, bet. Sutter and Post— Newly fur-
nished room with board In private family;
suitable for 2 gentlemen or couple.
HYPE. 729. bet. Sutter and Post— Newly fur-
nished l<ay-window room, with board, for a
gentleman.
LAS PALM AS. 1S» Market St.— Suite of 2 or 1
rrr.s 5 . : private: bath: Fin. rms.; board optional.
g(EW family hotel; first -cla*s in all appoint-
ments; excellent table: Fpeclal inducements to
eelect people. JC7 California St.. occupying
comer opposite Grace Church.
O'FAURELL. 742 — Clean, comfortable rooms;
rood home cocking; special rates to gents.
BORROW on plsnos. furniture, diamonds.
palr.ttrgg; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN wanted; cood home; German fam-
ily: reasonable price*. Apply MRS. J.
BBAXDES. 439 Minna «t.
I-ADY wishes 1 or 2 children to board, age 1
to 4H years; reasonable. Box 2656. Call.
Board and rooms wanted.
ANY amount to loan you on diamonds: low In-
terest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission Bt.. near Third.
¦ I
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
BABY'S 6hoes. sizes 2 to 6 25 cts I
Mfn's working fclioex, extra quality $1 25 I
Hoy's Ehnes. sires 124 to 2 S5 cts '¦
People's Shoe Store. HO3 Stockton, nr. Bdway.
DCSINBSS CHANCES.
A— $1100; BAKERY on Polk street; baking 114
barrel; &!! ttore traj&r; dally receipts above i
I2i: rent $:s. Call R. G. WILKE. MC Market. |
A— s3oo; FRUIT store, with living rooms, on
P.<lk et. : splendid paving business and good
ttcK-k on hard. R. G. WILKE. !*O6 Market.
,A— S^OP; RESTAURANT and oytter house; rent
!£.,; Market &nd- Junes ets.; rare chance. R.
G. WILKE. &06 Market et.. corner Ellis.
A— 1323; BRANCH bakery, with 3 living rooms;
established 10 years: daily receipts 115; splen-
¦ did location en Larkin Bt. K. G. WILKE. 906
Market et.
A SALOON on water front, with 4 years' lease;
fire fixtures; large etock; rushing business;
no better location on East et. ; eplendid
chance. R. O. WILKE. &06 Market et.
A— SISOO— CORNER grocery In very best part
of the Mission; iarse stock, 1 horee, wagon,
cart; 75 order customers; place established
ran and flrst-class paying. Call R. G.
WILKE, DC* Market St.
A— s3oo; DAIRY produce and delicacy store,
with 3 living rooms; rent $12; a good-paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. &06 Market.
A— $Cio; PARTNER wanted In chop and coffee
house; lively country town; place clearing $60
for each partner. Call R. O. WILKE. 806
Market Et.
A— fwO: BAKERY near McAllister St.; estab-
lished years; all etore trade; large etock:
rent J2o; 4 years' lease; 114 barrels per day.
Call K. G. WILKE, Scj6 Market st.
CORNER crocery and bar; established
many years and doing a splendid business;
choicest location few blocks north of Market;
rent $45. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
$ICO BRANCH bakery and candry etore; best
party of the Mission: 3 living rooms; cheap
rent: positively given away.- M. LESS 76a
Market st. :„•:
A— ssoo; CORNER Grocery (no bar); offered at
invoice value. LESS, 765 Market st.
5200— BRANCH bakery, notions and variety
store: north of Market; 4 living rooms; rent
SIS; must be sold at once. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
JKO— STATIONERY, confectionery, nchool books
ar.d Junch rooms; Western Addition; near 7
schools; owner going away. M. LESS.76S Mkt.
JCSO— WOOD. coal. hay. pram and feed business
-in best Dortion of Western Addition: rood
horses and wagons; estab. Zi years; low rent;
long lease; fullest investigation allowed; this
Is a chance geloorn offered. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
NOTICE -
STENBERG & CO
- ¦ Have Kemoved to !
535 Market Street. 5
Over Hale Bros
A— BUYERS, ATTENTION!
FOR SALE '.'.
A flrst-class tea and coffee store; well estab-
lished; all cash trade; good value for the
money. (iTEXHEI'.G CO.. 955 Market St.
A— JSOO: CORNER crocery and bar: best loca-
tion In the Mission; well established: doing
rood business: nice clean etock; good value
for the money. Stentierg Co.. 535 Market st.
MINING partner wanted; chance for a man
with come capital to make a fortune this sea-
fomiear Nome, Al.ts.ka.
t2jf>0 — Partner in machine shop; chance of a
life time to a man.
t'Mi— Bazaar and notion*.
$200— Bazaar. Kchool supplies, notions
J3oo— Office business.
vslloO— First-class ealoon; good stock of liq-
uors, clrars.
. $1200— Finest meat market In the city.
KCHOTTLEK & CO., 622 Market Bt.
A-KREDO & CO 22H GEARY ST^
A rare opportunity: $600; partner established
business; clears $300 a month; acct. sickness.
J2W— KLEGANT corner store and modern 6-
room cottage; rents $39. KREDO & CO., J2«4
Gears- st.
fIG-TO— DRAYING express; only one In town of
4009 population; $10,000 yearly. KREDO & CO.
CITY BUSINESS EXCHANGE 79 Third st^
BarßSJns In saloon? $2UO to $1500
Oigar Ktores with clubrooms $100 to $000
Uoomhoi house*. 10 to JOO rooms.
Partner; email capital; paying business.
Restaurants and oyster houses. ...sloo to $1200
RESTAURANT— Worth $1500; must go for $600
to-day. £urn COWING & CO.. 1120 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
attentionTsellers!
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash. I
will advertise it free for you. I
want 110 exclusive contract. Have
buyer watting with cash. I sell
city and country real estate and
business pieces. ¦-¦-V- .'
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
160 ROOMS— HOTEL AND BAR.
Clearing about $500.
$2500 can remain at
6 per cent Interest.
Price $4000.
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— s2oo; BRANCH bakery and candy store, with
3 living rooms; good trade; located near Z
schools on business corner: cheap rent, fa-
clfic Exchange. 1016 Market st.
PARTNER wanted in dairy and produce bust-
ness • $200 or $300 will rut you In good paying
position. Address J.. box 2659. Call. ;
$500-SALOON and boarding house; satisfac-
tory reasons for selling. Apply 127 Golden
Gate ay*.. cor. Leavenworth.
$450— PARTNER wanted; good paying estab-
lished business; no experience necessary; trial
civen. 459 Geary st^
$3W— SALOON, in wholesale district; excellent
chance for man and wife: will sell half If de-
elred. BETHEL. 26^ Kearny st.
COAL OIL route for sale, cheap: parties going
away. Apply offlce Crystal Oil Co., 312 Capp
St., near Eighteenth.
BARBER shop for 6ale; cheap. Apply next to
Hoover's candy store. Fourth st., San Rafael.
FRUIT store; 8 Jiving rooms; large barn; best
location; owner going away. Apply Call office.
WANTED— A partner, male or female, good
paying business, with $350. 6,£ Grove st,
$150— PARTNER: coffee saloon business; choice
location; near Market. 743 Mission st.
BARGAIN for buying or celling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. 539H California st,. room 1.
SALOON at Third St., near Market; fine trade,
cheap if 6o!d at once. Apply Liquor Dealers'
Journal. 639H California et.. room 1.
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. 539^ California et.. room 1.
A PHYSICIAN desires ladY partner: one hav-
ing small capital or suite of rooms of her
own preferred. Address box 2650. Call. ',-¦
FIRST-CLASS taloon in wholesale district;
must be sold on account of sickness; a great
bargain; investigate. Box 2653. Cajl.
$I^o— PARTNER wanted in old-established of-
fice business: will .clear $75 month to each.
City Business Exchange, 79 Third St.
$1900— SALOON, 200 ft. from the Baldwin; pri-
vate entrance, clubrooms: first-class in every
respect; good business. JONES. 863 Market.
"WANTED— A saloon or grocery store; must be
cheap for cabh. Box 2632. Call office.
BRANCH bakery: candy; notion and cigars;
muft cell this" week. Inquire 1118 Market st.
FOR sale— El Monte Bakery: SW. corner Sac-
ramento and Lyon sts. Inquire at premises.
BRANCH bakery and notion store; doing good
business; suitable for bakery. 1606 Folsom.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; fine location
downtown; newly fitted up; electric lights;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HEXDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
100-ROOM house for pale or exchange for lodg-
ing hcuse In Chicago or other business; no
egents. Box C 122, Call office.
DRUGGIST with small capital as partner in
drug store. Box 7543, Call offlce.
ROUTE of 544 papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6, Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BUSINESS clearing $100 per month for $600.
if taken at once. Pacific States Realty Co..
S2O Parrott building.
FOR sale— A neat restaurant: good location;
reasonable. Apply at 207 Grant aye.. saloon.
DENTAL offlce: first-class; central: must be
i>old; terms easy. Mac Donald. 6 Eddy, r. 107.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CaH branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et. ¦
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
uorthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fts.; open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND "WAGONS.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wacons, buggy, carts and over 150
sets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
the business must be closed. 1140 Folsom St.,
near Eighth.
FOR sale— Flnett Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter «t-
NEW and Id-hand wagons, buggies. carts and har-
neps. wk. & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-237 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4J3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c
STRATTONS. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
et. : cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLINS Carpet-beatlnr works. 233 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 12C.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
1 and Clairvoyant.
Has removed her offices to her residence, 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Tour Life From th» Cradle
to the Grave. •
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
cbe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
.If you eannct call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence is kept sacredly confiden-
tial.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge terry and get off at
Clinton station, the second station from
Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
X^P^OFESS^R~iIAY! ~ ~~
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
, 123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lest affection: If In doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you: mediums developed in from 3 to 6
months; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hours. 9 to 8; Sundays, 10 to 1 ,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market;' trance,
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circuUr: sittings Jl.
CLAIRYOVANT card reader and palmist; all
you seek to know without questions; readings
this week, 25c, tOc. 230 A Turk St.; satlsfac.
DINSMORE. ~
Renowned clairvoyant; private sittings; mar-
velous results; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 127 Ellis.'
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 23c up. 73 Fourth 6t., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st., r. 12.
T. P. MATCHETT holds circles every evening. 8
o'clock, 10c; reading £0 and 75c. 2CB Taylor et.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
230 Ellis et. ; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Ft. Is the original
gypsy life reader: readings. 25c.
MM.E. BHAFFEK, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tlcgs dally. 212H S| zt h st. \
YOUR future told by cards," 25c 944 Howard
tt.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m .
MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently; business
advise: names given; 25c up. C Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band » picture. 23c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. J27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$6 55— BAY-WINDOW cottageTFrs.~: water free.
Off Crescent aye.; Inquire 64 Silver St., off 3d.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, modern Improvements:
sunny yard; cellar. 1389 O'Farrell st.
BUNNY cottages, 4 and « rooms, basement;
yard; stable. 187« Fifteenth st., near Dolores.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36Vi Fremont st.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks. •¦ suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Ft.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ments; rent reasonable. 224 North Wlllard st.
FOR adults, 4 comfortable rooms; bath, toilet,
coal and gas stoves; all necessaries. 1917
Geary st. ¦
GROVE, 335— Five rooms and bath; modern im-
provements; $14. •£•
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place as nurse or
second work. $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
YOUNG colored girl; first-class cook; city or
country: beat references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
A NORTH German second girl, willing worker,
desires situation. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
Powell st.. telephone Main 5332.
A YOUNG German-American girl awaits po-
sition: light second work. MRS. LAAIBERT.
41S Powell st., telephone Main 6332.
A COMPETENT young American cook awaits
situation; city. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at C-ll branch offlce. 2220 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9 p. m.
GIRL. German, for housework; one who stops
home preferred. 1C53 Market st.; call after
8 a. m.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
best help. 414U O'Farrell nt. : tel. East 426.
BUTLER or cook by Japanese; expert at both
lines. JAPANESE, box 2633 Call.
A NEAT Japanese fspeaks English fluently)
wishes Dosltlon in offlce or store; references.
Box 2C27. Call.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
YOUNG girl for light housekeeping: $10 month:
Email place; call afternoon. 710 Lombard st.
MAKERS wanted. 1323 Stockton st.. New York
Millinery,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce.
No. 30 Geary st., established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post St., near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, 421 Post St., telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
WOMAN or girl, light housework; care 2 chil-
dren. 1515 Broderick St.
GOOD waitress. 106 Second street
BARTENDER, speaks German and Is a very
good mixer, wishes position In city or coun-
try; hotel or saloon; best of references. Box
2C41, Call.
YOUNG man. 21 years old, wishes position in
drug store; has had experience and Is sober
and. industrious; wages small. Box 2513, Call.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merki. success-
ful teacher, ICOS Mission; best methods, results.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc. Prof.DeFillppe's Acad-"
emyof languages, 320 Post;est. 1871;ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AVRES' Business College. 723 Market «t.; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong voices from the smallest and
faultiest in short time. 1236 Market St., r. 121.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculations. exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
tnech.. survey, assay, archi.; day and even.;
eit. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MADOLIN and guitar thoroughly taught; rea-
WANTED— W r altress for restaurant; not afraid
of work: $5. 6SO Fourth st.
YOUNG woman ¦ for cooking and downstairs
work; references required. 2607 Flllmore st.
WANTKD— Young girl to assist In housework.
Apply at 2SOO Bush st.
GIRL for light housework; 3 in family; good
home; wages, $3; references. Box 266 L Call.
APPRENTICES In millinery store at 692 Mo-
AUlster st.
WANTED- Near girl light housework; 8 In
family; easy place; $8 per month. 1219 Hayes.
GOOD helper for coatmaker; steady work.
THOS. E. KENT, 121 Post st.
EDUCATIONAL
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Poet St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches,, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL in physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
fait water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
WANTED— Young man as waiter. New Wash-
ington Hotel, Fourth and Harrison sta.
WANTED— By man and wife, place on ranch;
man is good all-round ranchman; good work-
Ing foreman; care of horses, cows and stocK:
can run an engine; wife a good ranch cook;
have etout boy, age 11; girl of 13, good willing
worker; does the work of a girt of 16,
country people, practical and saving; Cali-
fornia experience: wages, man $25, woman $5
per month. Address box 2612. Call Offlce.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
¦WANTED^
FIRST-CLASS SALESMAN.
GENTLEMEN AND LADIES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
146 Ninth st. . 521 Montgomery aye.
861 Market at. 355 Hayes at.
210 and 212 Grant aye. 21S Tnird st
705 Larkin at. 2008 Flllmore st.
ISI9 Devisadero st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
475 Haight St. 2516 Mission st.
140 Sixth St. 3ZSS Mission St.
1419 Polk st. 1 2732 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Boy for large office; must write
good round hand; references; wages $15 to be-
gin. Apply Wednesday, between 12 and 2, at
room 37, 410 Post St., to avoid confusion at
offlce.
"WANTED — Men's furnishing salesman; must
be flrst-class window-trimmer and furnish
Al references; no other need apply. 623 Mar-
ket st.
"WANTED— SISO partner: offlce work; manufac-
turing; profit $75 monthly. Address box 2664,
Call offlce.
WANTED— Active. Intelligent boy about 14
years old In a wholesale house. Address, In
own handwriting, box 2671. Call office.
CABINET-MAKER wanted. Apply 616 Fourth
street.
TWO painters and whiteners this morning be-
fore g o'clock. ZSOI Twenty-fourth st.
"WANTED— Gcod experienced plumber boy. 726
Howard st.
"WANTED— FIrst-claes plumber. Call 1413 Ma-
son St.. bet. 7 and 8:30.
DISHWASHER wanted. Co«. Greenwich and
Lyon b ta.
GOOD Industrial agent for debit. W. N.
CHAPMAN. 511 Montgomery. 13:30 to 1 p. m.
WANTED— Good shoemaker on repairing. 623
Lyon st.
SHOEMAKERS— Steady work for I good men.
756 Howard st.
WANTED — Good tailor on custom coats; steady
work. 659 A Minna st.
WANTED— Men who can leave the city; no
goods to sell; no experience required; about $25
to $50 needed, but you retain control of It;
send this ad. Address Drawer 146. Chicago.
WANTED— A good cloak salesman; must un-
¦ derstand cloak business thoroughly. Address
box 2648. Call oMce.
800 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Partner with small capital in good
paying show business and sell medicine. Call
at Keystone saloon. Grant aye. and Bush st.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver and collect-
salary $15 per week and expenses. Address
Globe Co., 723 Chestnut Bt.. Philadelphia. Pa.
GOOD horseshoer and wagon-maker: steady po-
sltlon for the right man. Call 1221 Webster.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts..
BARBER shop to let. Inquire drug store. 1101
San Pablo aye., Oakland.
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book salesmen.
Call upon or address Manager. 927 Market St.,
room 6:2.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evenlnr class; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the
world teaching the. barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, New York.
St. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c r*r night; $1 to ji per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
B. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters for
ships at HERMAN'S. 26 Bteuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 150
per flight. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read, rm.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 13c breakfast.
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for CaH advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — Fo* Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1623 Market st.. bst. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
SHETLAND pony and cart; rig complete: very
neat: at a bargain. Address 2707 Laguna st.
LONG body delivery wagon, cood as new, $30;
horse. K5; horse, $10. 19 City* Hall aye.
FOR sale — Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZJEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. ay.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
A "FEWOF DECKER' S~BARG AINsT
' 62 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 $ISOO
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $123.... 800
11-room house on Bush st 450
7-room house; only 150
33 rooms; rent $40 1300
14 rooms: easy payments SOO
6-room flat: new Z",O
32 rooms; corner: only 12C0
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 325
10 rooms: on Taylor Et. : worth $300 450
22 rooms: corner; clears $150 1600
10-room flat: clears $150 EDO
Corner on Market: clears $400: 104 rooms. 4SCO
Near Call offlce; worth $2000; 29 r00m5.... 1200
Mod. house; elev.: clears $500; 84 rooms.., 6500
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
R. H. "WINSTON & CO.. 1028 MARKET .ST.
20 rooms; near Market St.; reduced t0... $600
'22 rooms; part cash; paying house 850
24 rooms; rent $45; a pick up 650
26 rooms; rent $35; corner; only 600
27 rooms; part cash; central; see It 1200
J7 rooms; rent $75; Investigate 1100
88 rooms; rent $55; good location 800
46 rooms: 2 corners; rent $95 1700
47 rooms; near Powell: transient 2150
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
65 ROOMS: finest corner In city $5000
120-rooms hotel: big snap C5OO
13 rooms; fine and central 425
23 rooms: good: central 850
Many others: all sizes, prices and locations.
Pacific States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
A FINE transient; 37 rooms; clearing $150
monthly: central: big sacrifice: must sell.
Pacific States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
SPECIAL bargain— 9-room house; 8 rooms next
door; one clears expense of both. Pacific
States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott building.
$300—21 ROOMS: good location; all rented.
$415—22 rooms; all rented: rent $25 a month.
$850— 23 rooms; north of Market St.; low rent.
$950 — 10 rooms: all rented: rent $75 month.
$1200—63 rooms; rent 3100. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
12 ROOMS: full of good furniture- and rood
people: 1 block of Market: $400; rent $30: clears
$35; owner sick: leaving city. M. GRIFFIN,
719 Market rt.. near Call building.
HOO— LODGING-HOUSE: 22 rooms; bargain; on
account of departure. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777VJ Market. st. ¦
I WANT a well-furnished lodging-house of 15
to 25 rooms; must be reasonable. Address
box 3. Call office.
$200— FURNITURE 9-room house: Bush, near
Powell: conveniences. Box 2662. Call.
HOUSESTOLET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
110% Turk; 8 r $47 60 1014 Treat ay.. 8 r..518
1345 Howard; 5 r....519 00 | 610 Jones; 6 r $13
jGEARY, 1013. bet. Polk and Van Ness aye.—
' House, 9 rooms and bath.
HAVES, southwest corner . Devisadero — 8 rooms
and bath; modern improvements; reasonable.
TO let — Furnished or unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable In rear; 817
Union st. Inquire A. DECOURTEUX 629
Merchant st.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; polite at-
tentlon. UNCLR HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOST AXD FOUND.
PURSE containing about $11 on Golden Gate
avenue, bet. Leavenworth and Jones. Re-
turn to this office; reward.
LOST— In vicinity of Twenty-third and Folsom
sts., gold watch. 1424 Grove st.: reward.
LOST— On boat or train between San Fran-
cisco and Martinez, Saturday. January 3. wal-
let containing papers of no value to any one
but owner. Return to Ely I. Hutchlnson.
room 5, ninth floor. Mills building, or Con-
cord. Cal., and receive suitable reward, or
send Information to box 2652, Call Offlce.
$15 REWARD— Return of seal muft with head;
lost on California st. or Polk. bet. California
and Ptne. Return to 625 Market at. /
LOST AXD FOUND.
A BRACELET" bet. Harrison and Bryant. Re-
turn to 407>i Harrison st. and receive reward.
LOST— GoId watch: engraved B. S. on cast.
Return to 2230 Pacific aye.; reward.
BORROW on diamonds: perfect secrecy: prl-
-at» entrance. Uncla Harris. 15 Grant »t».
~ MEDICAL.
MRS DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist ot long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at offlce. $5; safe and reliable: con-
sultation free. 1122 Market St., between M*-
son aod Taylor; hours. 9to I. . ¦
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist: home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at offlce. $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin; hours, li) to 5. 7 to 8-
DR. G. W CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands ot
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023^3 Market st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: ladies"
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment. IS.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 103S Market, ladles' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5: aafa
and reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DRS. GOODWIN, ladles' specialists; maternity
home: best care; low fees. 10O7H Market st.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. IUS Market
St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. PIERCE. 104 Turk st., the eminent fes_U»
specialist; home or offlce treatment $3.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER— Private homa
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ay*.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy st.. bet. Hyda
and Larkin: hours. 10 to 12, t to 4 and 7 to 8.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Masoa st.
MINES- AND MINING.
CAPE NOME rockers, $10; also dry washers fo»
dry placers. $40. 632 Market «t-. room 5.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 100-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-10M-1021-1C23 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Ths
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. 3. F.. CaL
EDISON concert phonograph, pries' reduced ta
$100; concert records, •$2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St., San Francisco.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-*
glnes. boilers, water pipe, shaftlcg. pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear at.
A PRESENT— A diamond and turquoisa rtngi
price $40. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant a-re.
A ST. BERNARD at 2331 Tw«nty-faurt_. st.^
near Bryant: worth J'.O; sell for fto.f t 0.
16 ELEGANT band uniforms for sola, cheap.
G. A. FABRIES. 81S Shrader St.
ANY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 226 National aye. San D'.-eo. C— L
FOR sale—Fox terrier pup, thoroughbred,
cheap. 2721 Sutter st.
FOR sale— lo.ooo feet new rubber belting: lead-
Ing brands, slightly damaged: utility unim-
paired; 60 per cent saving. ROBERT BRAND
& CO.. E2l Third st.. Oakland. Cal.
A FIVE-STONE opal ring: price $13; cost $33.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR sale— Great Dane pups: good pedigree.
Enterprise Hotel, cor. Sixteenth and Folsom.
GENUINE Ricca mandolin at a bargain.
Plaza Loan Offlce, 702 Kearny st.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and flre and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop^
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
DR. CREELY^S C. P. mange cure: by all drug-
glsts. or Dog Hospital, ElO Golden Gats aye.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor; B loccmotlves. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants, $2 73; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes,
iron & wood: Id-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
NEW and recond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market »t.
•JfEW style Singer sewing maebtnfs; \ drawers;
oak: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 51S Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
cisco Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
WANTED— To buy a grocery and bar or cigar
store. Address box 2634. Call offlce.
GOOD second-hand piano: must be cheap; cash:
no dealers. Box 15C2. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
tn estates, - legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 15. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me: $34
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advicn
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 633 Market.
ANY amount at ( per cent; Ist. 2d and^d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business el*»-
¦where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84« Market
st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow en diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth j
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLJ. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT*l26 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable prlvata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal :qulclc
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
63 and O. Donohoe building. —TO Market st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 336 Parrott build-
Ing— Men can secure loans on personal Dul»
AT IVi per cent per month, on furniture. ISI
Polk St.. OTTO MAX. -.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 439 Par-
rott bulldlnj.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$10 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 114 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and" you ne— l
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral er Indorser:
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY WANTED.
WANT to borrow $7000 for 2 years: security.
950 acres In noted fruit section. Capay Valley.
Yolo County: 22 acres In bearing orchard
(apricots and prunes), 300 acres cultivated In
grain, balance grazing lands. Box 2609, Call.
WANTED— To borrow $2300 for 2 years: 10 per
cent interest: reliable security. Box 2663. CaH.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN- we remind you that you should pur-
. chase your, medium and low priced pianos)
where th-y can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3, $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts., San Francisco. ; corner Thir-
t:enth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hmii,i
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE?!
?« 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; planes, organs an 1
all other musical Instruments of all rrades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th*
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new stiles. Knn
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell s*
<rH . E o best la alw °y s cheapest. The Decke-
Mafket It A * CaCy "
A .e^ L d I 'h 1 i IrrdO1 rrd Of fc I r la c; O s a h aa oo d r
MAUVAIS. 763 Market st° tn3 - a " ment »' »«
LAKGE stock of. Baldwin and other standard
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60: all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at_th«
northwest corner cf Twenty-setftnd and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception ot adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT IK
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
Head waitress, $25; 6 more waitresses, south.
$20; waitress, Fresno. $25, fare one way; 7
waitresses, city and country, $20; 2 lunch
and dinner waitresses; lunch waitresses, 60
cents; 2 fancy lroners, Coronado. $30 and
found, special rates; fancy lroner. . near city,
$10 week; mother and daughter or two friends
as cook and waitress In small country hotel,
$50.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
First-class cook, city, $30, $35; 4 second girls,
French and German. 1 $15 and $20; nurse girl,
Alameda, see party here at 10 o'clock; cook
and second girl, city, $25 and $12; 20 girls for
housework and cooking, $15, $20, $25. city and
country; 2 ranch cooks. C. R. HANSEN <fc
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— 2 FIRST-CLASS cooks, American families.
$40 and $35; housework, San Mateo, $30. 2 In
family; Ross Valley. $30, Oakland, $25, Berke-
ley $30 (2 in family). San Rafael $25: cook for-
men, $35 to $40; cook. Bakersneld, $35; cham-
bermaid and waitress, country, $25; eecond
work, Alameda, $25, 8 In family: 10 chamber-
maids and waitresses, city and country, $25
and $20.
A— lo SECOND girls. $25. $30 and $20. city and
country; 3 nurseglrls, $20 and $15; an Infant's
nurse, Santa Barbara, $25; i arm waitresses.
$8 and $7 per week; a number of housework
girls, flrst-class places. $25 and $20, city and
country; 12 young glrla to assist, $12 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— lnfant's nurse, $20, for Santa Bar-
bara: 3 nurseglrls, $20; German nurse. $20;
French second girl, $25; Swedish second girl.
$30; 4 second girls. $15, $20 and $25; German
or French lady's maid, $25; hotel waitresses,
. $20, city and country; 3 restaurant waitreses,
$5, $6 week; restaurant cook. $7 a week;
chambermaid and waitress, $15 and $20, city
and country: 4 cooks, German style, $25; S
cooks, across the bay, $25, $30; 60 housegtrls,
$20, $25, city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. San Mateo. $25 ; cook, ian
Rafael, $25, 2 in family; 4 cooks, city, $30 and
$25; 25 house girls. $25 and $20.- MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
DENTISTS.
A — r>kT tC aHIGGINS* "dental parlors^ 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums: the best and moat artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that flt from
$4 60 up: open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S0» Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold ¦ crowns,
13 50 up: plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. in. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st- near
Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
tpeclalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. C. H. CTJMMINGS. 133 Valencia; dental
work reas.; painless extraction; hours 9 to 5.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. »T
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open e\-enlngs and Sundays. 850 Market.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation In American,
family; general housework. 864V4 Perry st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 night; 51 60 to W
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10J6 Va-
lencia st.
'IRST-CLASS bushelman. A. B. Smith Tail-
oring Co., 134 Ellis st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GOOD laundress wants family washing to do
at her own home. {IS McAllister st. entrance
on Ash aye. .1 ¦•."•• «-.v.»-'; :-.;.---•¦ v •
SUTTER, 2620H— Sunny upper flat, 6 rooms,
bath: modern; rent $23.
TO LET— Modern sunny flat; 7 rooms and bath:
rent J25. Inquire on premises. 353 Devisadero
m., corner Oak.
COMPETENT colored woman with references
wishes a situation as cook. In city or out.
hotel, boarding-house or restaurant. Apply at
325',^ Bueh St., room 14. - .
NEAT, capable girl deslrea situation; good cook
and houseworker: 2 years last place. Apply
to MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
GOOD finisher and experienced apprentice girls;
also presser on coats. 126 Russ st.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and waists;
electric power; steady employment. 52 Sixth.
$10— YOUNG girl, assist housework vicinity of
Jones st.. near Bush; nights at home. Ad-
dress JONES, Call office.
STEADY operators on wrappers; good pay;
power, string work. STEUER &, RUMMELS-
WANTED— German or Swedish girl to do gen-
eral housework and plain cooking; wages $IS.
Apply at 11 Scott st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS family cook, very best city,
references, wishes position in city, $30 up.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary, phone
Grant ISJ.
GOOD talloress and button-hole makers; steady
work. AD. HOENIG, 819 Post st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, typewriter and
general office man; Al references furnished.
Address box 384, Call office.
EXPERIENCED cook wants situation; city or
country; latter preferred; references. 515 Mc-
Allister 6t., entrance on Ash aye.
2 SWEDISH men want work; houeecleanlng,
painting, paper-hanglnsr' or repairing. Ad-
dress box 2630, Call office.
A PHARMACIST wants position in drug store.
Nothem California. Address Drugs, box
2657. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man at house-
cleaning by the day, or any other kind of
work; small wages expected. ANDERSEN,
952 .Bush st.
YOUNG man, German, -would like work of
any kind; can drive horses and Is well ac-
quainted with city: has good references. Ad-
dress C. H., box 2649, .Call.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework. 116
EXPERIENCED operator on vests; also finish-
er. 556 Mission st.
60 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at the Chutes
this (Wednesday) evening at 6 o'clock.
WANTED — German girl, housework and plain
cooking. New Vienna Garden, 712 Greenwich
6t. ; apply 10 to 12. ¦ *
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA3ISTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. SCS Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary St.; dresse»
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect flt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments: evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
lng.ptnklnir. 11l Post, over O'Connor A Moffat.
COMPETENT girl for general housework;
must be good cook; no washing; good wages;
reference required. Apply 1138 Hyde st., be-
tween 10 and 4.
COMPETENT German and Scandinavian girl;
must understand cooking and housework. 817
Larkin st.
NEAT girl for general housework; must be a
good, plain cook. Apply 2215 Van Ness aye..
near Vallejo at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE. .
GOOD MORNING!"^
Do you want to-day a competent
COACHMAN ••••-
BUTLER
GARDENER or «
..Man about place? ....
If so communicate with us! We have a num-
ber on hand with flrst-class ref erenceSj- . No
charges and satisfaction guaranteed. W. v.
EWER & CO.. Employment Agents. 610 Clay.
VERY reliable man wants position as Janitor
or watchman, or at a private place, either
Indoor work or as coachman; has an **¦}**¦'
ordinarily good reference; is honesty indus-
trious and willing. W. WILLIAMS. 704%
Mission st. • ' f ; ~". ' ___
SITUATION by kitchen man who can cook
some and do all kinds of kitchen ' wro^ k - D w i
work for reasonable wages. Address S. rvi-
TER. box 2638. Call. -
POSITION wanted by all-round man, "Pert-
enced In carpentering, electrician and all
kinds of mechanical work. Address H. U..
2622 Mission st. '
YOUNG Japanese, speaks English well, can,
read and write, wants situation In store or
office; day or evening. Please address 8., Wi
Stevenson st. ILT. •¦"
BARKEEPER; flrst-class experienced man;
best city references. Address letters G. £>..
209 Valencia st. .
SITUATION wanted by a strong Swedish man;
porter. Janitor or houseman; steady and so-
ber. Address 1050 Howard Bt.. room 3Z. :
ARTISTIC baker, pastry cook: city or country.
ULRICH. 763 Howard St.. tel. Jessie 1544.
ENGINEER with first-class license wants po-
sition: city or country. Address box 2t»oS, call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY T, 1900.
"WANTED— Situation as coachman and gar-
dener or foreman on fruit ranch; competent
in every kind of orchard and vineyard work;
general gardening; extensive California ex-
perience. Address Dechenfs Nursery. 14
Point Lobos aye.; telephone Jackson 622.
SITUATION wanted by young single man,
age SO years: flrst-clas3 grower of roses,
carnations and chrysanthemums and good
propagator; ten years in last position;
from the East; could fill a private place:
best reference. CHAS A. BRUNGER, Bell
Conservatory Company, Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Finishers and apprentices on coats
and vests. 641 Market st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
WANTED — Ladies and gentlemen to work at
home; good salary. 216% Sixth st.
GIRL for general housework: 3 in family. Call
from 8 to 12 at 1275 O'Farrell st.
NEAT young girl: light housework; small fam-
ily. 1419 Golden Gate aye.
GERMAN or Swedish girl to do light house-
work. S2S Eddy St.
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress. 7 Taylor
St.; $6 a week.
OPERATOR on vests; also apprentice. S4IH
Stevenson st.
CLASSES in German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and toy mail;
languages. Mtrs M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. «th.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
t ,„„„„„„„„--,
GEO. MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071^ Market st. : examination free: German
eyewater by mail, 50c. Phone. Mint 257.
SWEDISH second girl; 4 years last place; good
waitress and seamstress. MBS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture C 0... 1127-1131 Market.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 80x60 Inch rugs.
»1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway: open evenings.
10Prominent Farmer Dead.
PETALUMA. Feb. o.— Andrew Peoples,
a well-known and highly esteemed pioneer
farmer: of this county, died suddenly at
his horn« in this city last night. Death
was due to heart failure.
POWELL. 612, bet. Bush snd Pine— Sunny
front dingle room; modern house: bath, etc.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to SI SO; week. t2 to
$«; month. tS to t3O; elevator- on office floor;
rooms with hcl and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319 A 321 Ellis st.— Rooms
night. Scto tl; week, tl 25 to 14; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 21 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished aad unfurnished.
FOR SALE— Two modern Cats, cheap; must
sell account of departure for Europe. In-
quire 4<7 Tehama st.
fSOOO— "A BAnQAIN*" lot 26x80; improve-
tticntr: on Minna st. ; Income property;
rented S2S per month. Inquire 2254 Bush n.
MODERN Cats— JlS3o; containing S and I rooms
each: hichly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences: CJI Waller st.. one
block from Baight and Pierce; easy terms.
F NELSON. Builder.
FOR sale cheap— House of S rooms, conserva-
tory ***& toath; lot 25x157:«: all street and
- eewrr work <!one: will be sold cheap on ac-
trour.t r,t departure. Apply 111 Waller et.
INQUIRE 142 Pulton St.; fine flats; near City
Hall, within 2 blocks.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1.- 1399.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPfiIi SCENIC RfHLWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry.
Week days 9:30 a. nu and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays S:00. 10: CO a. m, and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trians.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
tl 40.
aDr.jGribbon's Dispensary,
B2SkEABXT!IT. Established
In ISS-* for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease rearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Tbe doctor cures when
others fail. Try htm. Charges low
Cnr«-.tn»rnntrrd. Callorwritet.
Or. J. *'. uIUBOX. Box 1937. tfan FrancUca
FROM SA-N FRANCISCO TO MILL VAT.T.KT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:OO. •3;10. 11:00 a. m.l IHi»
•»:43. 6:15. l:0O. 1:30 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday*.
at »:00 and ii:M am. '¦¦
SUNDAYS— *S:eo. 'lO:®). »U:» a, m,; liO.
1.15. •*:«, (.30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:23. *«:33. »:4S.- •»:•» a. m.;
•12:!0. 2:15. 1:40. »3:U p- ra. __.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at «:4» and 10:13 P. m.
SUNDAYS— *:2O. *S^O. •10:00. *U:«S a. ra. ;
•1:40. "3:15. 4:45. •«:» p. m. "
Train* marked <•> start from San Cuentia.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK .DAYS— 3:4S. «:43, 7:55. »:4* a. m.;
12:55. !:XS. 3:4*. 5:10 p. tn.
EXTU * TRI PS otv Monday*. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:CO and 10:20 D. *»¦
SUNDAYS— 3:O6. 10:05 a. ra.: 12:05. »:la» 1:30.
1:001. •:« p. "jjhqjjoj, TRAD i 3 .
7*o a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stattona,
1:49 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way station*.
S:00 a. to. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
nSOO-^BARGAIN: la/g* 1%-atory. high stoop.
b*T'Windowacotta£«: vestibule entrance; brv-
cl*4 plate glass double doors; handsomely
paneled 7-foct wide hall, with winding stair-
case and CH-foct newel pest; parlor 14x17.
waissccted ctning room 12x14; sitting room
Irri)4; wainscoted extension kitchen 10x11:
ceilings 12 feet high; ventilators; plaster cor-
nices: pantry, glass clcset. etc.; 2 bedrooms
and bathroom upstairs: T-Joot hi eh cellar un-
it/ *il. with doublr-donr entrance under bay;
let 2x120. with a ruttie stable 10x20 at end;
niagnifi'-ent view: all for S1S00; no agents. J.
W NEWTON*. 1130 I2tn aye.. near X st.. Sun-
•et cistrirt. t blocks from Golden Gate Park.
J^~ "•^^¦¦^ -^ MiTriV"*'*^?** J^^^v^^y^^* l *''^ W **^
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most i
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Tr.vis Leaves San Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday. Wednesday, Friday and
saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for Mew York.
OVERLAND Leave? Saa Francisco at 5:30
FYDDFCC P- is- with Palace and Tourist
«... 3 «rs for Kansas Cny, St. Lonis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Banford, Vtsalia, Tnlaro r>n \ n
and Bakerifield. ' KUAU
SEE YOU IN Saa Francisco office. 623
•fnicrn CHDIM Market Street, Phone Mai a
TKI3IU 3UUPI 1531 . Oaktaßdf nis Broad-
way: Sacramenro.2ol J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphnr Springs; at Ijytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Bkacff*
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Oeysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KelseyvlUe. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett 6prlngs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper L&ks. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerleys.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn Hela-hta. Uallvtile. Orr*«
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
WestportTVsal. Wllllts, Laytonvtlle. Cuna-
minga's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olaea's, Dyer.
Ecotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 650 Market St.. Chronic!* bid?.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gea. Pass. A j-nt.
Ralifornia Limited
Santa Fe Route
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BUNYAN— In this city, January 29, 1300, to the
wife of T. D. Bunyan, a son.
KREJCIK— In this city. February 5, 1900, to the
wife of John F. Krejctk, a son.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfarn.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tubscrlptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
REAL, ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
, CZi Market street.
SOUTHEAST CORKER.
117. 600 — On Ell* mv. close to Van Ness aye. ; lot
E2:€xs2 feet; 3 heuses: rents t1260 per
ur.ua. *
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
$:-.6oo—Rer.:s J1260; on Ellis St.; 2 stores and 2
Cats; Jot 37:€xS7.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCES.
SU.COG— R«rts $1500 per annum; modern house;
14 rooms; baths, fine csantels, electric
iigfctir.g. etc.; Jackson et-, near Van
Ness aye.
J7soo— Rerts J6-0G v*t ar.num; large elegant raod-
? .r. residence; 11 rooms and bath, attic
fcabement, stable; on Pine st.. near
Pierce; sunny side street; large lot. 42:4 x
127 .<, I' ..¦ Ur.K rr.crtgajre can remain.
A FEW BARGAINS UNDER $5500.
WELL WORTH THE MONEY.
: :^»-r.'r.-» $4? per month : 2 nice Cats of S and
« rooms ar.d bath; 2 frontages; on Leav-
er, w. nh st_. near California,
t-'iOOO — On Finrrxre st.. near Pacrarnento; I Cats
cf 6 rooms an-i bath; lot 25x50.« fe*t; best
business block.
|«75*— R»mt! $425.1 per month: 2 corner flats of B
rooms and rath; en Eteiner St.- lot 25x
81:3 feet.
NORTH BEACH HOME.
$200*-Crttare; I rooms and high basement; lot
2*:Ex£2:6j corner cc Greenwich at. west
cf Van Ness aye.
VERY CHEAP LOTS.
riOOO— East aide of Dolores St., 81 feet S. of
Twer.-. y-«eroniS ; slie S0xll7:« feet; cheap-
est lot In entire district.
R2I4— S. line Carl St.. 27:5 feet W. of Wlllard-
ilze 2Sxf4 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO..
(2S Market street.
TURK. t!4A— 2 partly furnished housekeeping
rooms, with gas; rent reasonable.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME raper, rich in tone, easy to
wcrk; low price; sample dozen 4x5 and devel-
oper rsa'.led 25c. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
HARRISON. 676— Three nice sunny rooms for
housekeeping.
FULTON, 218— Flat of 4 furnished rooms, lower
Coor; 2 front and 2 back; complete for house-
keeping; sun all day.
IiIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
cr no pay: bock fcr stamp. 6 Eddy et.
FULTON, 121H— Two front sunny furnished
rooms; range, water and yard; also unfur-
nished; rent {10 to $12.
IK jcu wlch full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ir.g call on B. Cohen, 157 Third; tel. black 4123.
A FINE suit to order $10 75 or pants 13 75; our
specialty in remnants allcws us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS.
1117 Market st.. bet. 7lh and Sth, prop. One-
rrice Tailoring Co.; E32 Kearny. near Sacto;
also 1C44 Market St.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 100 rooms;
2Jc to tl tO per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
AVERAGE income over $1500 a year; unequaled
location and most magnificent orchard home
in the State; sacrificed at $5500; worth $10,000;
free of. debt, but peculiar circumstances com-
pel sale. N. D. SICKELS— THE LAND
AGENT, 10 Geary, opp. Chronicle bldg.. S. F.
BELLE— OUDRT
PALMISTRY.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
OFFICES AXD STORES — TO LET.
FOR rer.t— "Half of frcnt of etere on Market St..
opp. Powell: suitable for phonograph, tailor
rarlcr. laundry office or gents' furnishing
good*; rent reasonable. Apply 563 Market.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pares. In wrapper, fcr rr.alllnr, $1 per year.
BAP.GAIN— Gocd upright: cheap. SCHMIT2X 1«
McAllister tt.. next Hibernia Bank.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
19 MONTGOMERY. ST.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
56500 — Octavla St.. near Broadway: 2-story
residence of S rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
rents J45.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
Entire block, bounded by Folsom St.. Treat
aye.. 13th and Uth sts., being offered in sub-
divisions. Call at office and get diagram; $1100
aad upward.
A BARGAIN IN RICHMOND.
$12,000 — Half block In Richmond district;
fronting on Point Lobos aye.; graded and street
work partly done. \
AN OFFER WANTED.
J32so— Rltch St.; B fiats: rents $42 60: lot 22xS0.
$SjOo— Tehama st.. near Third; 8 tenements;
rer.ta $7S; lot &CxBo.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
S2S.OCO — Choice piece of business property
north of Market St. and within 4 blocks of
Powell and Eddy: improvements consist of
Etores and lodging-house above of 25 rooms;
rent JUS.
CORNER LOT.
$5000— Van Nees aye. corner; 32:6x109.
BALDWIN tt HOWELL,
. 10 Montgomery st.
MUSICAL INSTRU3IENTS.
. to SLIGHTLY used high and medium grade
pianos: special discounts for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
STEVENSON. 120— Sunny front rooms; single or
double; light housekeeping.
FOR sale, cheap— New 2-story houses, 7 rooms;
latest improvement*; Noe and Hill sta.; Bear
castro-rt. cars; patent sidewalk.
MofIVOY «fc CO;.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
1235 Market st. between Stb and •tb.-
Telephone South 247.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
POLK, 610— Large, well furnished room; gas,
crate, bath; private family.
OCTAVIA. 418— Quiet sunny furnished rooms;
reasonable. >
MISSION. 2084— A small furnished room for tl
per week.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping and
slngl* rooms; 75c and tl per week.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window room, tl per week; transient.
MISSION. 10S5— Single rooms, $5; rooms for
two. XS.
MISSION. 142*— One rulte sunny rooms; also
single; reasonable.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John E> and Frances . I. Adams to Michel c
Franceschlnl. lot on S line of Broadway. 171:10^
W of Laguna street. W 34:4H by S 137:6; $10.
Morris and Annie Lando to Joseph Majmer,
lot on X line of HaJKht street. 25 W of Web
ster. W 25 by N 100; $10. m
Hollls M. Locke to Nellie Locke, lot on W
line of Middle street, 87:8 S of California. S 25
Horace' B. Sperry to Katherlne M. Eperry.
lot en N line of Broadway, 106 W of Stelner
street. W 40 by N 1S7:8; gift.
Ellen Lawton to Peter Lawton, lot on N Una
of Oreenwlch street. 137:8 W of Pierce. W 2«:10«,
by N 137:6; jrtft.
Edgar J and Rowena de Pue to Hetene
Stryblng lot on W line of Scott -street, 77:SU-
S of Jackson. S 75 by W 110; $W.
Margaret Cunnane to W. 8.. J. 8., T. E. and
M'-'A Curinane and M. J. Lewis, re-record 1534
d *33S* lot on SE corner of Jackson and Lyon,
streets. E 91" by S SSSU: also lot on E line of
Lyon street 87:SVt S of Jackson. E 91 by S 40;
also all real estate In California; $1. .. . .
• James A. Duncan :to Catherine .J. Duncan
(wife) lot on W line of Lyon street. 87:8 S of
Sutter', 8 25 by W 119:3;, gift.
Celestlne C. and Henry Rowe to Llnna . Hll
blsh lot on W line of Cole street. 75 N of Fred
erick. N 25 by W 100; $10.
Hlbcrnla Savings and Loan Society to John
L , Burgess. lot on S line of Fifteenth street.
165 W of Dolores. W 37, SB to a point E 22. N
71;'|S0O. - .
Winifred Lynch and Thomas D. Flynn to Ex-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
A. M. BPECK A. CO..
667 Market tt., opp. Kearny.
tTS.OOO— Grand cor.. 60 ft_. within block of
Baldwin: positively the cheapest property
(fiowntowr) in the city.
ISs, ooo— Rare Investment: vicinity Powell and
Geary; 4-stcry brick building; stores and lodg-
ing-house above: U fe«t front. .
tZt.ZM— Near Eddy sir.d Jones; store and 2S
rooms above; modern; pays 7 per cent net.
324.000— Sixth st.; 75 feet froot; rents (240*
yearly; good building; 4 stores.
*22. 600— Third st., about 123 feet from Market;
mtcr* and lodging-house; terms. H cash.
nc.COO— M:as!cn st_. near Third; beat bargain
cm lilaaion «t. to-day.
tU.ooo— Orand Investment; rents tIEO.
«2.000— 6 E. cor. Maaon and Washington; 82 :•
x£2:t: make cCer.
I7CoO— Six good flats; rents {9C9 yearly; down-
town: lot X feet front.
J£«o— Post St.; t good Cats; rents SCO: lot
ITxUO.
f 6ooo— Corner lot near Union Iron Works; 100
xlOO: fine business site.
I'.ZV' — Cor. store and ( room Cat; rents (37;
foreclosure.
51750— Two r-lce Cats: rents »l« 50.
JTI 0 — € rooms and lot 45x72 ft.
A. M. SPECK & Co.. W7 Market it.
MARRIED.
AMES— PALMER— In this city, January 31.
1900. by the Rev. J. N. Beard. D.D., Benja-
min H. Ames and Helena E. Palmer, both
of fian Francisco.
BURNETT. 142« Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.ished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post., cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms; hot and. cold
•water; elevator ard all conveniences.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US Sixth— Rooms
15c to $1 p*r night: 31 25 to $5 p«r week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Charles Morton. 26. Berkeley, and Amy Kne-
wing. 27, 1222 Golden Gate avenue.
Martin Benson. 37, city, and Bertha Nelson,
22. 022 Minna street.
Ferdinand L. LJxlnsky. 28. 1126 Eddy street,
and Elsie H. Liebes, 23. 2336 Broadway.
John N. Wells, 53. Vacavil!^, and Adella
Stoddards. 4S, Vacaville.
Ernest A. Tonax. 22. 1012 Larkin street, and
Lillian M. Peterson. 19. Salt Lake City.
Peter Cohen, 27. 643 Geary street, and Jennie
Goldberg, 21. Chicago.
Dennis Melllette. 23. 637 Post street, and
Jeanne Etchemalte. 22, city.
'Patrick F. Hesslon, 31. city, and Mary O'Con-
nor, 2S, city.
VAN NESS' ave:. 1021— A suniiy parlor suite,"
with kitchen; gas range: piano.
of O'Connell and other turf celebrities,
yesterday completed arrangements by
which he will have entire charge of.
"Lucky" Baldwin's bip Santa Anita ranch
string. Sir. Spiers has enjoyed wide ex
perience on the turf and under his guid
ance the horses from the Southern Cali
fornia establishment should again become
factors on the turf.
After his exhibition of bad behavior on
the way to the post, the judges announced
that in future the entry of Floridan would
The sale of Dr. Rowell's horses will
take place at Oakland track on Friday of
the present week.
The firm of Burns *• Waterhouse yes
terday disposed of Dr.- Sheppard to
"Boots" Durnell on private terms. Th£
big horse will be shipped to England In
the near future, for which country
"Boots" will shortly leave under contract
with Enoch Wishaxd.
While being galloped yesterday morn
ing on the track, Marcato. which horse
was purchased from 1 P. Ryan by Burns
& Waterhou»« some weeks ago, broke
down badly. It will probably necessitate
his retirement for the season.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling:
fits Faver«ham .....113 (743)R10 Chico 100
681 Campus ....... »"z 687 Silver Maid 105
BlJpySa 1« 651 Katie Glbbons...lo7
6T2 Melkarth 1071 735 Jack McCabe.. 109
647 Sallle Goodwin. 110 711 Naples ..........102
6SO Pat Murphy H2l 419 Jim 8r0wne11...107
Second race— Futarity course; three-year-olds;
"t23 Southern Gir1. ..1051 730 Saul of Tarmi9..lO7
(729) L. B. McWhlrtr.lOSi 540 Bamboulla 108
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
723 Gundara 107 737 Ed^ardo 109
729 Silver 8u1110n...112 634 Essence 109
640 The Scot 109 7fil Harry Thatcher. 103
690 Summer 112 1 625 Sunello 103
tO2 For Freedom... .lo7 [ 71S Mildred Hughes.lo7
718 Isallne 1071 729 Florablrd 112
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
j-ear-olds and upward: welling:
670 Greyhurst 101! 702 Imp. Clonsllla... 93
741 Red Pirate 109 (70S) Snips 109
725 Delecta 94| 745 Tom Calvert 11l
W7 David Tenny 104! 731 Don Luis 11l
725 Los Prietos 101 742 Lost Girl 99
745 Coda 100 (739)Stromo 106
Fifth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling:
712 Rosalbra 1151 735 Pomplno 104
704 Manxanllla 105 1 ... Amelia F0n50....106
(66?)Bessle Lee Uoi(73l)Hlgh Hoe 110
727 Harry Thoburn.ll2 727 Sister Alice 110
45S Castake 113 (724)Clprtano 113
733 Peace ...102 • .";;,
Sixth race— One mile: four-year-olds and up
ward; selling:
(734)Flamero 101 731 Toriblo 103
(674)Sllver T0ne. .....104 741 Los Medanos.... S»
736 Jennie Reid 96 720 Gotobed 10«
739 Mary Klnsella...lol (74l)Scotch Plaid 10S
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Sally Goodwin. Synla. Katie Gib
bons.
Second race— Southern Girl. Bamboulla. Louis
B. McWhlrter.
Third race— Essence. Florablrd. Sunello.
Fourth race— David Tenny, Imp. Clonsllla.
Red Pirate.
Fifth race— Harry Thoburn, Peace, High Ho«.
Sixth race— Scotch Plaid. Sliver Tone, Fla
mero. ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦
PROPERTY WASTED.
TTA-VTED-To buy a lot with cottage; must be
a t&r<ia:n. Pos t£Cj. Call.
celslor Loan Association. lot on W line of Fair
Oaks street, 160 N of Twenty-sixth. X 25 It
W 125; $10.
Herman D. Hoffmann to Wllhelnslns Mehr
kens (wife of P. J.). lot on W line of Vlcks
bursr street. 95 S of Twenty-third. S 25 by W
117:6; $10.
Bank of California to Louis Lercari. lot on.
SW corner of Powell and Chestnut streets. 8
62:6 by W 100; $10.
William J. and Ellen Linehan to Charles
Schlessinger, lot on NW line of Howard street.
100 NE of Second. NE 25 by NW S3; $19.
Alphonzo and Emma Harrington to John J.
and Barbara Km", lot on W line of Ninth
avenue, 175 N of I street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Earl F. Crane to John H. and Julia M. Ho
tem, lot on S line- of Flood street, 300 W of
Detroit. W 25 by S 112:6, lot 24. block 23. Snn
nyslde; $10.
James Grady to C. E. Duran. lot on/SW Una
of Fifteenth avenue. VA NW of B street. NW
73 by S W 100. block '326. South San Francisco
Homestead; also lot on S corner of Tenth ave
nue and H street, SE 150 by SW 100, block 205.
same: $225.
University Homestead Association to S. Mc-
Pherson, lot on W line of Oxford street. 100 S
of Bacon. W 120 by S 100. block 104, University
Homestead: $315.
Frank W. Altken vs. Martha E. Paul et al.
to Fred W. Altken. lots 47 and 4S, block 4.
Garden Tract Homestead Association; $30.
Alameda County.
Mary A. Hawley to Helen Todd Mills, lot on
NW corner of Clinton avenue and Willow
street, W 50 by N 150. being lot 9 la E half of
block N, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda;
1«.
H. B. Mayo to Emma Dourherty. lot on W
line of Sherman (or Thirteenth) street. 62:4 S
of Eaele avenue. S 62:6. W 120, S 23. W M. N
l-'O. E 50. S 62:6. E 123 to beginning, being lots
4. 5. 7 and 8 and the S half of lot 3. block E,
Taylor & Page Tract. Alameda: $10.
Juana H. an 4 Joseph Nevis to Francisco and
Maria C. de Sllva. lot 73, Nevis Tract, town
of Pleasanton. Murray Township; $10.
W. E. Boody to J. and I. W. Goldman, lot
on south line of Deiger street. ' 431 : 11 E of San
Pablo avenue. E 33:4 by S S6: also portion ot
lots 23 and 24, block 2002, Hogan Tract. Oak
land; $10.
Cella Callahan to Margaret McLanghHn. un
divided half Interest In lot on N lln<? of Second
street. 75 E of Brush. E 25 by N 100, beins lot
23. block 14. Oakland: $10.
Marnaret and J. W. Evans to Margaret Mac
donald. lot on NE corner of Ashby avenue and
Wellington street. E 45 by N 100. being the W
45 feet of lots 1 and 2. block C. Suburban Tract.
Berkeley (to correct deed of March 6. ISOS, and
recorded In 554 d S-i); $10.
W. E. Boody to J. and I. W. Goldman, lot
en N lioo of Haskelt street. 250.96 W of Maple,
W 105. N 114.53, E 106.05. S lU.«<5 to beginning,
beinr lots IS to 22. except the E 20 feet of lot
12. on map of resubdivlsion of portions of
blorks D and E. Carrison Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Morey and Cornelia Shields to Margaret A.
Olcott, lot on S line of Blossom street. 403 W
of Frultvale avenue, W TO. S 113.T2. E 70. N
11182 to beginning, being lots 11 and 13. Orchard
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $19.
William J. and Perina Smith to Citizens*
Building and Loan Association of Saa.Fraa
cisco. lot on E line of Union street. 62:5 S of
Eagle avenue. S 62:9 by E 82. Alameda: also
lot on D line of Union street. 125 8 o' Eagle
avenue, S 60 by E 10S, same; 310.
Builders' Contracts.
Hale Bros (corporation), owners, with John
T. Long contractor, architects Reid Bros.,
brick and rough carpenter work for a four
story and basement building' on south line of
Market street, between Fifth and Sixth, com
mencing at a point about 73 from Sixth street;
total. 111.600.
Hanora McGlynn. owner, with Edward Gin
ley contractor, architect Arthur Ehrenpfort.
all work for a two-story frame house on east
line Third avenue, ITS south of California
street south, S 25. N 25. W 120, O L ISO; total
J2IJS. : -I . ¦'"
ANDRISA A
SPRINTER
Continued from Fourth Page.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
MARKET, IS24— Nice cozy room; sun; large
clcset; telephone; rent tS.
747. SIXTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse, 1400.
MARKET, 1928— Two rooms unfurnished or
partly furnished; (6 per month.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
AN introduction to you from H. Scbellhaas. the
rurvlture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST ar.d best In America— The Weekly
fall. 16 pa.g»?. tent to any address In the
Vr.lred Statf?. jvstpald. for 21 per year.
FTAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN, A.M.. Ph.D., 1315 Linden. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 111J Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
GOLDEN GATE, 404— Complete and well-fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; gas range, bath;
;i2 £0 to $30.
FRANKLIN. 1427— Sunny rooms; newly fur-
nished; near to narrow gauge.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
WANTED— OId gold for rsanuf'g. O. NOLTE.
jewe'.er, "i$ OFarrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
COLEMAN buys clcthing. brlc-a-brac, tools,
carpets. c".3 f?l&; send for him. EC« Kearny
FIGER'S sweepers are the best and cheapest.
All kinds repaired and for sale at 543 Sutter.
FIFTH, 322— Newly furnished rooms for house-
keeping. .
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
ELLIS. 1416— Two unfurnished rooms; sunny;
grate and closets; light housekeeping.
ELEVENTH, 106— Completely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; reasonable.
COIST DI.TISIOS (Broad Gaafe).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
LEADING tnretrical and masquerade cos-
turr.ers; rr.ake-up and wigs: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Market st.
BARGAIN— Rich, modern. Oakland borne.
MRS. E. C FORTIER, 2429 Piedmont aye.,
Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 857 Jessie st.
$3800— OWNED by a bank and have Instruc-
tions to sell for cash or easy terms, this 9-
room house, barn, coachman's room, etc; lot
eS-foot front; splendid flower garden: foun-
tain in front yard; parlor laid in hard wood;
an ideal home and right in the heart of the
city and close to trains to San Francisco; see
it. ¦ J. S. METERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
ROSS VALLEY land and homes for sale at re-
duced prices. JAMES TUNSTEAD. San Ra-
fael.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
(WIST D1Y14103 CUrnm C*aj«i.
(Fool of Market Street*
IS NOT A LADT.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
PEHSOXALS.
MT wife. BELINDA AGNES JACKSON, hav-
ing leJt my bed and beard. I will not be
respor.sible for any debts contracted by her
cfter t his date. ANTONE JACKSON.
LEDCRER. the popular hairdresser, will do
your hair in the very latest style for 25c:
rr.anlc-jring Isc; switches from 31 up; see
Monday special sales. 123 Stockton st.
744. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse. $350.
ET. GERMAIN College of Palmistry. Neergard.
Pres.: reads 1 to E: bj mail 11. €16 G*ary st.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City cf
Pairia. Stockton and Geary sta.— Elegant new
r>race? and stores.
KG— STORE: 2 fhow windows and S large roorci;
agartrd to any bt:s!ness. 422 Sixth st.
61'PEHIOR violins, zithers, o'.d and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
FIXE Fischer & Stcir.way upright: sacrificed.
KCCFFES. It:9 / aa Neds aye.. nr. Geary at.
GOOD urrlrht p'-ano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 2:« McAllister *t.
CONOVER. Colby and Sper.cer pianos. Spencer
wareroon-.s. :t:s Market st.
Tv O. BADGER. 412 Eacraraer.to St.. agent for
Francis Bacen and Hallett &. Davis pianos.
A FEW more p'.anos will be sold" this week for
etcrage. cheap for cash; correspondence eollc-
itPd: H9 up. Wilson's Storage. ITIO Market.
FINE square piano In first-class condition;
price reasonable. ClO Polk st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
STOCKTON. 803— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, single, double and housekeeping.
REAL ESTATiS CITY — FOR SALE.
RAILROAD TRA VEL.
UCTBRBa r«€IFIO C*3irAsT.
(r»ciric ststtm.)
Tisil— !••»»•• kdil art tin* «• nrrtt* m*
MAM ntANCisro.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
; :|T/:: |T /: (Copyright. 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Tuesday. February «. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUABY 7, 1900.
DONAHOE-^ln this city, " February «. 1900,
Owen Donahoe, a native of County Longford,
Ireland, aged 86 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1309 California street, thence to Holy
Cross Church.- where a requiem high mass will
be said for the ret>ose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. ¦¦
DUFF— In the City and County Hospital. Feb-
ruary 6, 1900, Cordelia Duff, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 39 years.
DUNCAN— In Alameda, February 6, 1900, Rob-
ert Sim Duncan, beloved husband of Caroline
Bates Duncan, and brother of James H..
Jessie C. and Elsie A, Duncan. Mrs. J. W.
Sham and Mrs* Thomas Anderson, a native
of Scotland, aged 85 years 3 months and 27
days.
ETFriends and relatives are requested . to
attend the funeral from 2165 Central avenue.
Alameda. this day (Wednesday), at 11
o'clock. San Francisco friends are invited to
attend the funeral ceremonies, conducted by
Burnii Lodge No. 68, A. O. U. W.. Alcasar
building. 120 ©"Fan-ell street, at 2 o'clock.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FEHERTY— In this city, February 5, 1900,
Phillip Feherty, beloved brother of Rose
F"eherty and Mrs.. Mary Frydendall and the
late Mrs. Donohue and B. Feherty, a native
of County Monaghan. Ireland, aged 55 years
and 4 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2121 Greenwich street, near Fill-
more thence to St. Bridget's Church, where
a high requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOGARTY— KiIIed In action In Manila, P. 1.,
March 25. 1599. William Fogarty, sergeant
Battery K. Third United States Artillery, be-
loved brother of Mrs. R. Luby and the late
Thomas Fogarty, nephew of Mrs. P. Hay-
den and cousin of James, John. Mary and
the late Martin Hayden, a native of Cashel,
County Tipperary, Ireland, aged 4S years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Cof, 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private. In
Holy Cross Cemetery-
FRANCIES— In this city. February 5. 1900,
Harrif Phebe Francies, a native tf Pennsyl-
vania, aced 65 years.
GAB\.RINO— In this city, February 6, 1900.
Rose Gabarlno, beloved wife of John Gabar-
lno. and mother of Lulu, Stella and Albert
Gabarlno. a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years 3 months and 20 days. A member ol
Artemus Circle. A. O. F. . .
lE7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julius S. Godeau, 205 Montgomery avenue.
Interment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
GREENBERO— In this city, February 6, 1900.
6am Greenberg, a native of Russia, aged 38
years.
KEMP— In this city. February 4. 1900. Wil-
liam Kemp, a native of Maine, aged 67 years.
(Maine papers please copy.)
E7Frienda and acquaintances and Long-
1 chore Lumbermen's Protective Association
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KENNET— In this city, February 6. 1900, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Patrick Kenney, and
mother of the late James F. Kenney, Mrs.
P. H. McVey and Mrs. D. J. Leary. a native
of County Roscommon, Ireland.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
KITTLER— In this city, February 6. 1500,
Teresa, beloved mother of William Klttler,
a native of Germany, aged 82 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
< Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KRAMM— In Oakland, February 4. 1900, Charles
H., dearly beloved husband of Carrie A.
Kramm, father of Caroline A. Kramm. son
of Mrs. Augusta and the late Charles Kramm.
and brother of Otto, Henry and Joseph
Kramm, a native of .Oakland, aged 26 years
11 months and 15 days.
C7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at s o'clock, at the
residence of his mother, Mrs. Augusta
Kramm. 314 Telegraph avenue. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
LAUJARDIERE— In this city, February 6, 1900.
Gustave, beloved husband of Mary Laujar-
dlere, eon of Josephine Laujardtere, and
brother of Addle and Eugene Laujardlere, a
native of Louisiana, aited 31 years.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McMenomey & Son, 1057
Mission street, near Seventh. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
LAWRENCE— Entered Into rest, in Alameda,
February 5, 1900, Ellen, beloved wife of Jo-
seph Lawrence, and mother of Mac I. and
Eveline Lawrence, a native of County Ros-
. common, Ireland, aged 44 years 6 months and
4 days. (Jersey City papera please copy.)
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at s :l£ o'clock, from. her. ls te resi-
dence. IJU McPherson street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church at 10 o'clock, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be held for the
repose of her soul. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland..
LINTNER— In South San Francisco, February
6. 1000. Barbara Lintner, stepmother of Se-
bastian Lir.tner, a native of Baden. Ger-
many, aged S8 years 2 months and 22 days.
and Blue Island papers please copy.)
(Cyrhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and ElKhth. Interment pri-
vate.
LOPEZ— In the City and County Hospital,
February 6. 13C0. Antonio Lopez, a native of
the Azores Islands, aged 19 years.
MAHONEY— In this city, February 6, 1900,
Stephen, beloved husband of the late Mary
Mahoney. and father of James, William, Jo-
seph and Rose Mahoney and Mrs. J. T. Lane,
a native of Ireland, aged "0 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MATZEN— In this city, February 5, 1900, Peter
Matzen. a native of Tonteln, Denmark, aged
6S years.
NELSON— In- this city, February 4. 1300,
Charles A., beloved husband of Mamie A.
Nelson, father of Violet • and Ethel Nelson,
and con of Mary and the late Andrew Nel-
son, a native of Baltimore, lid., aged 30
years 11 months and 2 days. A member of
Court America No. 3, F. of A. M., and Court
Southern Heights No. 1150, Independent Order
of Foresters. (Baltimore papers please copy.)
(E7KriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence. 231 Mississippi street, near Eight-
eenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'NEILL— In this city, February 6. 1900, Ed-
v.-ard W., belovtd husband of Mary E.
O'Neill father of Joseph and Mary .O'Neill,
beloved son of Patrick and Mary O'Neill,
brother of Thomas. Frank. Philip. Walter.
Robert Eugene. Alfred and Mamie O'Neill,
and son-in-law of Edmond Foley, a native of
Sun Francisco, aeed 30 years 7 months and
EXNotlce of funeral hereafter.
PHELAN— In this cily, February 6, 1300, Alice
Ph»lan, widow of the late James Phelan, and
mother of Mrs. Frank Sullivan. James D.
Phelan and Miss Mary L- Phelan. a native of
Stradbally, Queens County, Ireland, aged 73
years.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from St. Ignatius
Church. Interment private, in Holy Cross
Cemetery. »
ROBERTS— In this city, February 8. IMO.
James H. Roberts, husband of Annie V. Rob-
erts and brother of Mrs. Annie Bride, Mrs.
M. A. Connelly and the late John C. Roberts,
a native of New York, aged 51 years.
C7 Friends are respectfully ln\'lted to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 9
• o'clock from the residence of Mrs. M. A.
Connelly, 417 Larkln street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will celebrated at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SALSIG— In Oakland. February 5, 1900, Clar-
ence 1., beloved son of A. B. and Annie E.
Balsig. a native of Oakland, Cal.. aged 4
months and 11 days.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at 1091
Sixty-seventh street, near San Pablo avenue.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
SARGENT— In this city, February 6, 1900,
Elizabeth R. C. Sargent, daughter of the late
Aaron A. and Ellen C. Sargent. (Nevada
City. Washington. D. C, and Newburyport,
Mass., papers please copy.)
(E7Notice of funeral will be given in Thurs-
day morning's papers.
STOKES— In St. Helena, on Howell Mountain,
Samuel H. Stokes, beloved husband of Mary
E. Stokes, father of James P., Laura E. and
Samuel J. Stotees. and son of Mrs. R. A.
Stokes, a native of San Francisco, aged 2S
years and 3 months.
(C7Remalns at the parlors of the California
Undertaking Company. 40G Powell street.
STOURS— In 'this city, February 6. 1300, Vir-
ginia Ellsworth, beloved wife of Captain An-
, drew J. Storrs, and daughter of Mrs. W. Par-
sons, a native of Santa Barbara, Cal., aged
SO years and 4 months.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
donce. 659 Page street.
TUCKERMAN*-In this city. February 2, 1900.
Michael Tuckerman. late a member of Colonel
J. D. Stevenson's regiment, a native of New
York City, aged 73 years 8 months and 9
days. Left New York City on ship Brutus
November 13, 1846; arrived at San Francisco
in April. 1847.
• CTFriends and scqualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the" fu-
neral parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission
street, s Mission Masonic .'Temple. Interment
National Cemetery. Presidio.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. "Proprietor.
742. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. 1300.
Uatb — Tnoii DicsuaiS 15, 1339. — axxxts
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
st 1223 Polk st: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056 Va-
lencia st.
SPECIAL XOTfCES. .
OFFICE of~the Wlttram Propeller Company
will hereafter be located at 226 Market st.,
room 19. F. WITTRAM JR., Secy.
ROOMS papered from S3: whitened. $1 up:
painting done. I Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
Time— H. : i2?i: »,. :37^; H. 1:08: %. 1:28%. Good start. Won ridden out. second and third
. driving. Winner. Mrs. F. Cramoton's b. h.. by Tea Tray-Celeste. Dogtown required an
occasional shaking up. Twinkle hard ridden. New Moon finished well. Glen Ann© an
erratic performer. ' Scratched — Meadowlark 109.
743. SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs: maiden two- year-olds; purse. *3S».
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plles. Standard Agency.l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL binds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth ot.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post «t.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
lme— 3-16. :18K: 7-18, :4U4. Oood start. Wo-n first three driving. Winner. H. T. Grtffln's
b. f., by Sir Modred-Olad Eyes. Winner kept busy from the start. Intrentdo will Im
prove.
J525 AND UPWARD— Rapidly growing resi-
dence sectlo».
On very easy payments; choice lots in the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and I
bts.. Eighteenth and Nlneteentn ayes.; right on
the Park and the new Nineteenth-aye. boule-
vaid: a number of lots already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly; fine investments; good
buildlnc lots; all ready; lots on official grade;
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank side-
walks: 6 per cent Interest only.
PRICES v:3 UPWARD— YOUR OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes; elec-
tric cars pass the property; see this block at
once. Go to our branch office to-day, cor. H
st. and Ninth aye.; price lists, etc., there or at
our office. BALDWIN & HOWELI*
10 Montgomery st.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
« •TiOOa Benlda, Season. Cmb*. V «»»?«,
Hmnsejand Haeramento : *7»43p
*7>*wa Shasta Express— Darts, WUlcr*a>
Red BluA PorUaud «li43f
•7»a»4 Martlne*,SanlUiaon.Val]eJo. Xapa.
Calistoga and Santa Bosa *«il3*
•••»•» The Overland Limited— Ogdeo, D«a-
li m, Ooaha, Chicago. *SitB3>
*>iß** Ban Jose, Literaora. Stockton.
looe, (Uvaoaento. Flaeerriila.
aUrysTilla. Chico. Ited Bluff Mi Mr
•««»•* •Minon.Oaxdalsand Honors, "JiLir
*£:«•* Haywmrd* Miles and Way Stations. •11:43 a
••:OOa DstU. Woodland. Knight* Laadiag.
Marysnile, Oto»U1«l. *T>43»
»O:O»» Atlantis Kxpress— Ogden aad E*»l *9:43 a
•»:«Oa Minlnez, Tracy. Latfciop. Stockton,
Merc-J »ad Frevso. *lS>l3r
•»ioo* Fort Costa, Fresno, MoJaT* and Lsa
¦ Angeles. ...» •«j43r
•IviOOa Valltjo, Martines and Way Stations *»:4*r
¦II :00a Haywards. NUes ard Wsy Stations. *2i43y
•ISiOOx NUts. LiTermore, fcvjckton, mctv
¦ento, Msndou, Hanf ord. Vis &U*,
Porterrilto Mits,
fli«wF Sacramento Klt« Steamers t«mor
•SsOOrHaywsrda, Nile* and Way Stations. *3>43»
•4<«wr M artinea. San Ramon, Vsilejo.
Nap*. CalUtoga. tianU ßoss, »»il3*
*4i«wr Bentda. Vacavine. Sacramento,
Woodland. Ksighta Landisg.
MarysTtUa. OroTllW •I«i43a
•4it»» FUes. Baa Jcseand Stockton *7il3p
•3:©OrTh'» Owl Llxllecl— Tracy. Fresno.
Bakercaeld. Saagns for Baata Bar*
bara, Los Annies. •IS:43a
«3t«wT 6ncsei Lfcsited-El Paso. Kew Or-
leans and East «i»t4.iA
•3i3«r Stockton. Merced. Fr-sno 'Unit
•3s3Or Vreiiio. llikersSsl.l. BanU Dubin,
Los Angeles. Demlng; £1 Paso,
New Ottawa aad East »»i4J*
•Siltr Santa. Fa r.outs— AtUatls Express
far Mojave and Cut *«»O»
•«-.OOt Hsywarda, NUes and Saa Je55...... *7>4s »
MiSOrVaUeJo...... »l»tl»»
•oi3«r Oriental Mafl— Orden and East «liS«i
}7io»r VaUsfa, Pert Costa and Way Sta.
Uona. t»>M#
•»i«Br Oregon and CaJiforni* CxprMa.Ha»
nmenio. MarysviUe. ICediltaf.
Portlan.t. Pnget Komi.t and gaH «««l«a
Time— Vl. :24H; Jfc :49i,*: »;. 1:14t4. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. John
McCaffery's br. c. by Fordham-Old Mias. Tut hill waa drawing away- at the end. Allenna
is ImDrovlntr. Floridan quit. Alee had early speed.
745. FOURTH RACE— One mile and an eighth; selling; handicap: four-year-olds aad up^
ward; purse, $400.
. W. HORN, 812 Main St., Petaluma; real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list of Bonoma County bargains.
*»<l3a Newark, C«nUr»illB,a»n Jose, Fellon.
Bonld«r Czeek .Santa Cms aad Way
Stations •«»«•#
fttl 3> Newirk, CenterrtUa, 6aa Jcs«. New
-Almaaan. Feltoa, nonider Creek.
Bant* Cra aad l'r!nci;U Way
Station* fl«i««»
Mil3p Kewark. Saa Jose. Lea Gatoa ¦OrSwA
lIIiISf Httnters* Excursion. San Jos* and
WayStaUons TTt»*W
CALIFORNIA, 2K3— Sunny room; 1 or 2 gentle-
men: breakfast If desired; private family;
references exchanged.
$2200 ONLY.
T rooms, bath; all the latest improvements;
lot 40x125; street work s all complete: splendid
residence location: cost late owner 53500; must
be sold this week. J. S. MEYERS, 1002
Broadway. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch efflce. 2200 Fillmore st.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frwiii micisco-rMt *r >uk*t strut <s:j> v—
"7:11 0:00 11.00i.i1. tI:C: tU tJIM
•«:C3 JJ:C3 •8:::f.M.
fri»OIIUJI-fi»lir3raii»«T.— -«:C0 SCO 13iH*.tf.
U2:CO "1:00 12:00 »fcffl lt:C3 "fcCOr.*.
Time— y,, :13>4: H. :37>i: %. 1:02 ft: T4, 1:28%: mile. 1:42U: lHm. 1:54%. Good start. Won rid
den out. second and third driving. Winner. W. B. Sink Jr.'s eh. g., by Imp. Chesterfleld-
Jennle D. Chico possessed the speed. Tom Calvert should have been second. Others poor
_ *?*.: - J' c . rat _ c ft^~ A J l <:l% .^l j'tuJ^-Ey.*-^.: I
740. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; high weight handicap; S- year-olds and upward; purse, $*OQ.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
Time— l 4, :24H: hi. :«; H. 1:14. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner.
W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. f., by imp. St. Andrew-Fannle Louise. Andtisa won at leisure.
Ben Ledi ran gamely. Loving Cup outfooted at start, closed strong. Cormorant would
have been dangerous at a loncer route. Frank Bell overweighted. Theory had a rough
trip. Scratched— Mldlove 113 Norford »7. „„"____
4«ilOa Ooean View. South dan FtancUco.. 1**»«»
•7:»t»* Baa Jose ami Way Stations (New
/ Aimaden Wednesdays only) *li*O»
;•¦»«•* Ban Jose. Tre.i Pluoa, S«u Cms.
' Faciflo CroT». I'uo Itobles. Sao
f Toils Olilspo, Bmf, Lompoo aud
Principal Way Stations *4il*»
¦I*ilO* Baa JcsaaiKl Way Stations *«iB3a
; •Ut3f>* Baa Jose and Way Stations. «S.3U»
- w 4»i«3r Sun Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
1 f Fslo Alto. Santa Clara. Ban Jcie,
, Tree Ptnca, Saiita, Crux. Bsitnsa,
JJcnterey ami PacJflo Gr0ve...... tl*tMa
Saa Jose aad Way Stations *?:3Ov
flxlSr SanJoeeaod Principal Way Stations •0:4.1 1
ISiOOp San Jose and Principal Way Buttons t'J:O«*
•3:30p San Joss ao<i Principal Way Stations *M:33*
**t3«pßaa Jcseaod Way Stations fMXU
>11i43r San Jcseand Way Stations *7»3>»
A for Morning. V tot Afternoon.
•Daily. . f Band*r exeepted. ttasdayeab>.
b Saturday only.
aad Fridays.. « TirarsdaTs aad B*adars>
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPACT.
Tlbttron Ferry . Foot of Market St.
FRANCI3CSO TO SAN RAFAEL
WIEK DAYS — 7:30. 3:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:21,
3:50. 5:10. «:» p. ra. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtp* at 1:M
and 11:33 o. m.
EUNDATS — 1:00. 1:20. 11 a. a.; 1:20. 3:M.
6: CO. «:20 p. m.
BAJI RAFAEL TO SAX rRANCISCSO.
WEEK DAY*-«: 10. 7:50. »:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
1:40. 1:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:15
and 1:33 p. m.
Sr.VDA.vs- 8:13. 1:49. 1139 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40, i:O5.
8:15 p. m.
Between Ean Francisco and Schnetsen Par*
same schedule aa above.
NATOMA, :S4. near Fourth— 2 front furnished
housekeeping rooms: water, sink and closet.
OAK, 119—1 large sunny back room: yard; sep-
arate entrance: rar.ee: storage; $6.
Time— 5 ;. :2«; 4. :W s /6: %, 1:18; mile, 1:41»4. Good start. Won easily, second and third driv
ing. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s eh. g.. by Red Iron-Lily Wright. Formero tired th«
last sixteenth. Del Paso ran to form. Scratched— Flamero 111. Greyhurst 111.
PERRT. 166, below Harrison — 4 rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; all connected;
first floor.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 12 (35 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after Sat-
urday. February 10, 1900. Transfer books
closed on Monday, February 6, 1900, at 3
o'clock c. m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
SEVENTEENTH, K59, cor. Capp— 2 sunny
frcnt housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH. 13fr- Rooms for light housekeeping;
quiet house.
BO UTH PARK. IS4— Two sunny rooms; nicely
furnished for housekeeping. .
STEVENSON. £37, bet. Sixth and Seventh—
To let— 2 large, clean rooms for housekeeping,
in the rear: separate entrance; rent $7. Apply
to A METRAL 270 Clementina et.. nr. 4th.
PARALTSIS;
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS:
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES.
CONSUMPTION:
. OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all ether have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO ICNIFE'.
Different from any ether treatment.
Write fcr references. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. ETRATTON. EO7. 508 and 5C9. Par-
• rctt building. <Over the Emporium.)
DR. r. C. O'DONNELL-Offlc* and residence.
-, r 2V-4 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
THIRD. 444 I *— 2 furnished rooms and kitchen to
let; complete for housekeeping.
PROPOSALS.
SAN~FRANCISCO. Cal.. February 7. 1900.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'cl^k m.. March 9. 1900,
and then opened, for furnisning oats, barley
and bran, for Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.,
during remainder of fiscal year ending June
20 1900. Government reserves right to reject
or accept any and all bid.s, or any part there-
of Preference given' to articles of domestic
production, conditions of quality and price
• Including In the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon> being equal, and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced en the Pacific Coast to extent
of consumption -required by the public service
there. Information furnished on application to
J. M. MARSHALL, Deputy Quartermaster
General. U. S. A.. v Chief Quartermaster.
BOR.ROW on diamonds and Jewels; oolite at-
tention UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscript'.ons has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
Leave I Arrive
Ean Francisco. In Effect Saa Francisco.
1 October 13. . i
Week I Snn- 1899. Boa- Week
Days. I days. Destination, days. Days.
7:39 am 8:00 am Novato, 19:40 am 8:40 an
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluaa. 1:05 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm S:GO pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 5:23 pm
Fulton. I
7:30 am Windsor. 19:23 am
Healdsborc
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:84 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. T:33 pmf <:2S pta
7:30 ami IHopfond and] I
( 8:00 ami Uklah. ( 7:35 pat «:23 pm
T:Boam 10:25 am
8:00 am Gaersertne. 7:23 pm ¦
8:30 pm j t:33pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
and I
5:19 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, (l^pm X 3 pm
7:30 ami S:CO ami SebastcpoL 110:40 amilO:2S am
3:30 pm| S:00 pm[ | 7:33 pml «:S pm
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath:, rooms We to tl 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT CI Second— Nlc« new papered .and reno-
vated front rooms; II M to j: SO a week.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush St.. ad-
Joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CARROLLTON. 12M Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn. ; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ELLIS. 633. corner Larkln— Sunny furnished
room.' folding bed; Welsbach light.
FIFTH. 353— Double parlors, kitchen and bath,
furnished, ttO; also 8. $13; con., single, t4 up.
FOLSOM, 830— Furnished nice single rooms; $3
and $4 per month. '
FOLSOiI, 9tS, corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new mgmL
FOURTH. 2234— Nicely furnished bay-window
ar.4 tingle rooms; reasonable; quiet.
FRANKLIN. 21(Newport House)— Sunny rooms;
bay windows: run. water; gas; tl 25 to tl 60.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Nicely furnished
front room; private family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
¦nd Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming houie: tl CO to tt per week.
HOWARD, 134 — Neatly furnished sunny front
room: suitable for two gentlemen. •
HOWARD, 64S— New house; latest Improve-
ments; running water In every room.
HOWARD. S2>— Clean, respectable; 25c-$l per
night; $l-$3 per week: Howard ears to door.
HOWARD, 7«lV4— Nicely furnished sunny bay
window; other rooms; reasonable.
KRARNY st_. near Chronicle— Suite of 2 or I
elegant parlors suitable for a club of gentle-
men; rent reasonable. Address box 2623, Call.
LEIDESDORFF. lit— Parties seeking a quiet
lodging-house please call; recently changed
hands and newly furnished.
SAILED.
Tuesday. February t.
Stmr Seqaola. Thwing. Fort Bragg.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE AUGOSTINE— Off port Jan 10— Ship
Aryan, hence Oct 17. for New York.
MANlLA— Arrived Feb 5— Br stmr West
minster, hence Dec 28.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb S— Br stmr Sikh,
from Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived Feb •— Br «tmr Gaelic,
hence Jan ».
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SYDNEY. NSW— Sailed Feb *— strar Aorangl.
for Vancouver.
BOULOGNE— SaiIed Feb «— Btmr Phoenicia,
from Hamburg, for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb •— Stmr Xalsv
Wllhelm 11. from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 6— Stmr Saale. • for
Bremen.
DIED.
Alt. Joseph Kramm. Charles H.
Bettls. William R. Laujardlere. Gustave
Bruckman. Hattie S. Lawrence. Ellen
Buckley, Mrs. Julia Lintner, Barbara
Bulson. Harriet F. Lopez. Antonio
Dohs, Mary A. Mahoney, Stephen
Donahoe, Owen Matzen, Peter
Duff. Cordelia Nelson. Charles A.
Duncan. Robert S. O'Neill. Edward W.
Feherty, Phillip Phelan. Alice
Fogarty. William Roberts. James H.
Francies. Harrif P. Salsig, Clarence I.
Gabarlno. Rose Sargent. Elisabeth
Greenberg, Sam R. C.
Kemp, William Stokes, Samuel H.
Kenney. Catherine Storrs, Virginia E.
Klttler. Teresa Tuckennan, Michael
ALT^-In this city, February 6. 1900. Joseph,
beloved son of Margaretha and the late Chris-
topher Alt, and brother of Mrs. F. Thornhlll,
Mrs. O. Boynton and the late Bernard Alt, a
native of Brooklyn. N. V., aged 37 years and
8 months. A member of California Castle No.
1, Knights of the Golden Eagle.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 719 Bay street/ .Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
BETTIS— In the City and County Hospital.
February 5. 1900. William R. Bettls. a native
of Arkansas, aged 45 years.
BRUCKMAN— In Oakland. February 6, 1900.
• Hattle Sweet Bruckman. beloved wife of
Chris Bruckman, mother of Frederick and
' Richard Bruckman, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
R W. Sweet, and sister of Mary 1.. Rich-
ard W., Bertha 8., William W. and Mahlone
E. Sweet, aged 24 years and 6 days.
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BUCKLEY— In this city. February t 1900, at
the residence of her niece, Mrs. James W.
Lmnny Jr.. 914 Florida street, Mrs. Julia
Buckley, beloved aunt »f Mrs. James W,
Lunny Jr. and Mrs. Harry Pierce, a native of
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 63 years.
.ICT-Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BULSON— In this city. February — , 1900. John
Bulson, beloved husband of Harriet F. Bul-
eon, and father of Edith E. -Eckhardt. a na-
tive of New York, aged 75 years and 21 days.
DOHS— In this city. February 6. 1900. Mary
Anna Dobs, dearly beloveM wife of Charles
Dohs, a native of County Derry, Ireland,
aced 78 years .7 months and 14 days. > -
(T7Frlendi and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 85« Harrison street, between Fifth
and Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church.
Mission street, between Third and Fourth,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com*
menclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric car from corner of
Fourth and Harrison streets, leaving at 10:30
o'clock.
HENRY J GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher), ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth: st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone fiouth SO.
SITES.
11
Index. Horse. Age.' Weight. | St.
714 Dogtown, 6 1121 8 1 H 2 1
734 Twinkle Twlnk. 6..110 1 Bh 6 1
721 New Moon, a 10« l 3 , Sh 7$
703 .Glen Anne. 6 107/ 3 4h lh
735 Lost Girl. 6 108 T lh 3h
593 Lurid; 5 10» » 9 1 U
704 Skirmish. S 197 4 !H « H
700 Schiller, a 1U 2 ' 3 1 4 h
6SI Wllmeter, 5 112 3 6 1 10 5
653 Lona Marie. 5 »711 ;. II *: 9h
700 Sylvan Lass. 4. . ...104 10 10 g h
lh
4 1 .
8H
2 h
3 h
11
7 t
5 h
» I
8 1
10 1
Str.
1 h
XI
4 3
I 2
E 1
i hi
6 3
7 h
10
9 t
11
I BetU
Fin. | Jockey. [Op.
TI Pfcsott T"
I 3 . Conley «
3 2 Spencer ....... 8
4 1 Vlttlto* 8
5 h E. Jones S-2
8 h IWnson IS
7 1 Morgan ' 15
8 n Bullman ...... 8
S 2 Henry »
10 & Jenkins 10-
11 Romero ....... 15
I Betting.
JOp. CL
iar.
CL
»-t
W
8
t
J-2
100
33
T
n
15
«
Km.
Str.
index.
Index. Hcrge. Weight. |St.
T33 Laura Marie 103 1
725 Corn Cake 112 7
708 Count Hubert 112 2
732 Location '. 9S S
... Intrepldo 115 4
696 "Woeful 101 5
73? Catherine Bravo.. ..lit 9
7K Belario 115 8
... Trlxie R 115 11
....On Time 115 10
... Socapa 115 12
... Prince David.. 113| 6
Hcrse.
Wet«ht.|St.
Sjm. \jm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op.
...¦ ... 2 2 Ins Bullman [ S-5
...' ... ... In 2 5 E. Ross 15
44 3 H Jenkin* »-2
6 4 4 H Logue M
2 1 8 3 Spencer 19
6 1 «2 Henry «
7 4 7 2 Morgan 80
»H 8« Buchanan .... <40
10 9 1 T. Walsh 10
11 10 Dietro 60
... ... 12 11 E. Jones 8
... 9 1 12 Plggott 30
Op.
CL
s-s
30
1-1
SO
23
2S
2CO
vn
25
200
30
S3
Cl.
Index. Horse. Weight. [St.
7*3 Tuthlll . 107 3
723 Hedwaid 108 4
710 Atlenna 104 8
«34 Danl*l ..10S 1
(730) Florldan 1&6 5
730 Alee 107 2
730 St. Anthony 104 7
. . . Frank Duffy 104 8
Vtta.
4 "h
3 2
7 5
< 4
II
1 h
5 h
8
\m. Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. CL
3 n 3S 11 Vlttltoe 4-5 7-19
4 1 I h 2 5 Spencer ....X. 4 4
* H 6 2 3 h E. Rosa 10 . 25
712 5 H 4 H E. Jones SO 100
12 1 % 8 2 Bullmaa 7-2 ' 9-J
2 2 4 >4 18 Jenkins S 19
5 1 710 7 W T. Walsh 20 40
S » t Henry SO DO
Index. Horae. Age. Weight. [St.
731 Rio Chtco, 4 105 2
733 Coda, a 100 1
716 Perseus, a 105 3
(725) Tom Cttlvert. 5 97 6
7<» Dr. Marks, 5.. 106 *
681 Be Happy. 6 103 7
614 Vinctora. 4 85 8
715 Judge Wofford, 4... 104 10
740. Wild Het. 5 98 5
739 None Such, 6 103 9
739 Ace. a 108 11
6SI Tassajara. 4 ?3|12
1 1
64
3 2
4 1
54
10 4
11 1
13
2 a
8 1
71
9 S
4m.
1 1
« 4
8 4
4 1
6 4
5 2
19 <
13
2 1
•t s
7 4
11 5
%m. Str.
In in.
7h 7 1
22 2 8
4 2 SI
64 4 1
82 6 4
94 8 1
11 6 10
8h 6 4
10 6 11
61 9 1
13 12
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op.
1 1 Jenkina [ i~
2ns Henry .. t
S ns T. Walsh 8
410 J. Martin (
5 4 Bullman B
6 4 Romero ....... IS
7 1 J. Daly 15
8 2 Vlttitoe 13
9 3 J. T. Wood*.. 10
10 20 E. Ross II
11 10 E. Jonei 7
12 Holmes fO
OpT
(
• 7
I
S
4
83
80
20
89
Vi
IS
v
cT
Index. Horse. Age. "Weight. |St. %m. frm. \m.
(683) Andrisa, 3 109 3 ... » h 3H
dS Ben Ledt, *.... 115 1 ... 2 1 2 2
(808) Laving Cup, 6 115 5 ... 8 1 7 1
727 Cormorant. 4 lIS 8 ... T 1 8 2
698 Frank Bell. 4 120 2 «. 1 H 1 H
722 Theory. 4 110 « 5 H 6 2
(735) Good Hope, 4 110 4 ... 4 1 6 h
713 Ella Boland. 3 IW> 7 ... «h 4h
70S Lew Zara. 3 90 9 ... 9 9
Str.
3 2
Hi
,?
8 1
1 J i
5 h
9
Fin. [ ' Jockay. |Op. Cl.
1 2 JSpcncer t-2 11-19
2 n E. Ross % 19
3 b E. Jones „ 4 $
4 H Plggott 19 15
5 2 Jenkins I 7
8 2 Conler S 13
7 2 Bullman < 9
S 3 Henry 10 13
» J. Martin 100 IS)
]Op 7
Cl.
Ipdei. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.» Urn.
(715) Oltntbus, 4 HI 4 4 n
716 Formero. 4 109 3 2 3
734 Del Paso 11. a 113 2 3 1
•20 Tempo. 6 104 1 5 4
673 Hohenlohe, 6 104 S 1 h
713 Ringmaster, 6 116 6 8
Vim.
4 5
1 X
3 n
5 5
Z 1
6
Str.
2h I H
1 14 12
42 3 3
66 5 4
3h 4 1
8 6
Fin. | Jockey. |Op! cT
1 V, IT. Walsh *-! 3
J IV4 ißullman .1 . 1
3 v Sp«neer 6 9
420 Jenkins 7 -9
5 4 J. Daly 13 100
6 Henry to 2W
Index. Horse. Age.' Weight. | St.
714 Dogtown, 6 1121 8 1 H 2 1
734 Twinkle Twlnk. 6..110 1 Bh 6 1
721 New Moon, a 10« l 3 , Sh 7$
703 .Glen Anne. 6 107/ 3 4h lh
735 Lost Girl. 6 108 T lh 3h
593 Lurid; 5 10» » 9 1 U
704 Skirmish. S 197 4 !H « H
700 Schiller, a 1U 2 ' 3 1 4 h
6SI Wllmeter, 5 112 3 6 1 10 5
653 Lona Marie. 5 »711 ;. II *: 9h
700 Sylvan Lass. 4. . ...104 10 10 g h
lh
4 1 .
8H
2 h
3 h
11
7 t
5 h
» I
8 1
10 1
Str.
1 h
XI
4 3
I 2
E 1
i hi
6 3
7 h
10
9 t
11
I BetU
Fin. | Jockey. [Op.
TI Pfcsott T"
I 3 . Conley «
3 2 Spencer ....... 8
4 1 Vlttlto* 8
5 h E. Jones S-2
8 h IWnson IS
7 1 Morgan ' 15
8 n Bullman ...... 8
S 2 Henry »
10 & Jenkins 10-
11 Romero ....... 15
I Betting.
JOp. CL
iar.
CL
»-t
W
8
t
J-2
100
33
T
n
15
«
Km.
Str.
index.
Index. Hcrge. Weight. |St.
T33 Laura Marie 103 1
725 Corn Cake 112 7
708 Count Hubert 112 2
732 Location '. 9S S
... Intrepldo 115 4
696 "Woeful 101 5
73? Catherine Bravo.. ..lit 9
7K Belario 115 8
... Trlxie R 115 11
....On Time 115 10
... Socapa 115 12
... Prince David.. 113| 6
Hcrse.
Wet«ht.|St.
Sjm. \jm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op.
...¦ ... 2 2 Ins Bullman [ S-5
...' ... ... In 2 5 E. Ross 15
44 3 H Jenkin* »-2
6 4 4 H Logue M
2 1 8 3 Spencer 19
6 1 «2 Henry «
7 4 7 2 Morgan 80
»H 8« Buchanan .... <40
10 9 1 T. Walsh 10
11 10 Dietro 60
... ... 12 11 E. Jones 8
... 9 1 12 Plggott 30
Op.
CL
s-s
30
1-1
SO
23
2S
2CO
vn
25
200
30
S3
Cl.
Index. Horse. Weight. [St.
7*3 Tuthlll . 107 3
723 Hedwaid 108 4
710 Atlenna 104 8
«34 Danl*l ..10S 1
(730) Florldan 1&6 5
730 Alee 107 2
730 St. Anthony 104 7
. . . Frank Duffy 104 8
Vtta.
4 "h
3 2
7 5
< 4
II
1 h
5 h
8
\m. Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. CL
3 n 3S 11 Vlttltoe 4-5 7-19
4 1 I h 2 5 Spencer ....X. 4 4
* H 6 2 3 h E. Rosa 10 . 25
712 5 H 4 H E. Jones SO 100
12 1 % 8 2 Bullmaa 7-2 ' 9-J
2 2 4 >4 18 Jenkins S 19
5 1 710 7 W T. Walsh 20 40
S » t Henry SO DO
Index. Horae. Age. Weight. [St.
731 Rio Chtco, 4 105 2
733 Coda, a 100 1
716 Perseus, a 105 3
(725) Tom Cttlvert. 5 97 6
7<» Dr. Marks, 5.. 106 *
681 Be Happy. 6 103 7
614 Vinctora. 4 85 8
715 Judge Wofford, 4... 104 10
740. Wild Het. 5 98 5
739 None Such, 6 103 9
739 Ace. a 108 11
6SI Tassajara. 4 ?3|12
1 1
64
3 2
4 1
54
10 4
11 1
13
2 a
8 1
71
9 S
4m.
1 1
« 4
8 4
4 1
6 4
5 2
19 <
13
2 1
•t s
7 4
11 5
%m. Str.
In in.
7h 7 1
22 2 8
4 2 SI
64 4 1
82 6 4
94 8 1
11 6 10
8h 6 4
10 6 11
61 9 1
13 12
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op.
1 1 Jenkina [ i~
2ns Henry .. t
S ns T. Walsh 8
410 J. Martin (
5 4 Bullman B
6 4 Romero ....... IS
7 1 J. Daly 15
8 2 Vlttitoe 13
9 3 J. T. Wood*.. 10
10 20 E. Ross II
11 10 E. Jonei 7
12 Holmes fO
OpT
(
• 7
I
S
4
83
80
20
89
Vi
IS
v
cT
Index. Horse. Age. "Weight. |St. %m. frm. \m.
(683) Andrisa, 3 109 3 ... » h 3H
dS Ben Ledt, *.... 115 1 ... 2 1 2 2
(808) Laving Cup, 6 115 5 ... 8 1 7 1
727 Cormorant. 4 lIS 8 ... T 1 8 2
698 Frank Bell. 4 120 2 «. 1 H 1 H
722 Theory. 4 110 « 5 H 6 2
(735) Good Hope, 4 110 4 ... 4 1 6 h
713 Ella Boland. 3 IW> 7 ... «h 4h
70S Lew Zara. 3 90 9 ... 9 9
Str.
3 2
Hi
,?
8 1
1 J i
5 h
9
Fin. [ ' Jockay. |Op. Cl.
1 2 JSpcncer t-2 11-19
2 n E. Ross % 19
3 b E. Jones „ 4 $
4 H Plggott 19 15
5 2 Jenkins I 7
8 2 Conler S 13
7 2 Bullman < 9
S 3 Henry 10 13
» J. Martin 100 IS)
]Op 7
Cl.
Ipdei. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.» Urn.
(715) Oltntbus, 4 HI 4 4 n
716 Formero. 4 109 3 2 3
734 Del Paso 11. a 113 2 3 1
•20 Tempo. 6 104 1 5 4
673 Hohenlohe, 6 104 S 1 h
713 Ringmaster, 6 116 6 8
Vim.
4 5
1 X
3 n
5 5
Z 1
6
Str.
2h I H
1 14 12
42 3 3
66 5 4
3h 4 1
8 6
Fin. | Jockey. |Op! cT
1 V, IT. Walsh *-! 3
J IV4 ißullman .1 . 1
3 v Sp«neer 6 9
420 Jenkins 7 -9
5 4 J. Daly 13 100
6 Henry to 2WThe Mysells Absorb Another Large
Block of Stock of the Mysell-
Rollins Co.
Win. C. Mysell was elected president and
general manager of the Mysell-Rolllns Co.
at its annual meeting. Among other
changes a large holding of the Rollins in
terest changed hands. The Mysells have
absorbed a large block of the stock to the
extent of about $80,000. which carries with
it the franchise holding of the American
Bank Stock Co., its watermarks and
patents.
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Dissolution of Co-Partnership.
POSITIVELY
LAST WEEK
TURKISH
RUG CO.'S
Closing Out
TO-DAY,
Wednesday, and Daily This Week,
At 11 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Cor. Geary and Stockton.
Everything must be and
will be sold out this week
A life-time opportunity to
buy fine rugs at such nomi-
nal prices.
OUTBREAK OF
HIGHBINDER
WAR AT HAND
Police Taking Many
CHINESE SIX COMPANIES ACT
RIGID ENFORCEMENT OF THE
LAW BY THE ACTING CHIEF.
The police are preparing for another
outbreak of the highbinder war in China
town. Several things have transpired
within the last few days which have given
rise to the conclusion that murder is agaJn
on the tapis and that the truce had sim
ply been declared for the purpose of hood
winking the police into granting unlimited
privileges to the Mongolians during their
new year celebration. So serious have
matters trended during the past few days
that a meeting of the Chinese Six Com
panies was held last night to raise money
with which to compensate the Hop Sing
tong for the lives they lost during the
past portion of the war and to offer an
inducement to them to keep the peace.
Detective McMahon stated last night
that a murder might be expected on any
day. He says that the undercurrent of
fear among the Chinese, which charac
terized the first part of the struggle, has
again manifested itself, and the highbind
ers have stowed themselves away, in
places of seclusion, from which they
emerged to participate in the New Year
festivities. The police were obliged to
liberate a highbinder recently whose iden
tity as a murderer had been established,
because Chinese witnesses on whose testi
mony they relied had been seized with the
war fever arid escaped.
Last night the members of the Chinese
Six Companies held a meeting at their
headquarters for the purpose of devising
means by which to ward off the trouble
which seems Imminent. It will be remem
bered that no money .was offered to the
worsted tong for lives that had been sac
rificed from its ranks, and this fact alone
made all "who are acquainted with Chinese
affairs look with suspicion on the peace
compact. The Six Companies took the
matter of the compact under advisement
and sought to make it binding by having
a clause offering an amount of money for
the lives lost inserted in it. Representa
tives of the Hop Sing tong who were
present winked their eyes and refused to
accept any other declaration than that
already signed by them. The elimination
of a monetary consideration is said to be
sufficient excuse for a renewal of hostili
ties, with revenge as an object.
Acting Chief Biggy recognizes the se
rious situation and has taken precautions
which have never been taken before. As
a result Chinatown is more firmly under
police control than at any time in its past
history. Everything that contributes to
the highbinders' coffers has been sup
pressed, and this method i« rtgarded as
the only one instrumental in rooting out
bold crime. All the gambling- houses in
that section of the city have been closed
and the paid assassins have been hounded
from their holes. Police constantly patrcl
the streets for the purpose of enforcing
a strict observance of the laws, and only
competent officers have been chosen for
such duty. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Parker's Couch Cure. One dose, will stop
a cough. Never rail*. Try It All drusglata, •
Blockade of -Honolulu Freight at Oceanic Dock.
To-Morrow, Thursday, February 8,
Men's calf shoes,* worth J2.50, for $1.20 a
pair at the shoe sale, 717 Market street. •
J|iSg|flMA. OFFICE,
Death of Miss E. R. C. Sargent.
Friends of Miss Elizabeth R. C. Sargent
will learn with sorrow of the death of that
estimable lady. She passed away in this
city yesterday after a short illness. She
was a daughter of the late Senator Aaron
A. Sargent and Ellen O. Sargent. Miss
Sargent was well known in society circles
of Nevada City. Washington. D. C.and
Newburyport. Mass.
In the Divorce Court.
Thorlow ¦ McMullln's stilt for divorce
against his wife, Virginia McMullln. was
again taken up by Judge Bahrs yester
day. Mr. McMullln occupied the stand
during' the day. but nothing of interest
was developed. Annie L. Reidy was
granted a divorce from Henry Reidy on
the ground of desertion. Nellie Anderson
has sued J. M. Anderson for a divorce,
alleging cruelty, as cause of action.
PDTTCUI7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DXIUOIIiIO "*. bootblack^' bath!
houses, billiard Üblts.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyera. flour mills, foundries, laundrtos. pap«r-
hancers. printers, painters. sho« factories, »t*-
tlemen. tar-rooftrs. tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHAN.VS BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento S*
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
F»r ii. J. E3PJC ; If «w Tork, E. rOCQX&i * CO,
SOLD BT ALA. DRCQGI3T&.
MRS. DAVALOS' DEATH.
Dr. Thomas M. Lleb, Kearny and Clay
streets, was arrested yesterday afternjon
by Detectives Crockett and Graham anJ
locked up in "the tanks" pending the re
sult of the Coroner's inquest on the body
of Mrs. Manuela Davalos, 1904 Mason
street. The woman died from the result
of a criminal operation alleged to hive
been performed by Dr. Lieb. Her hus
band is employed on the steamer Austra
lia, and before her death she acknowl
edged to him that Dr. Lieb had performed
the operation. She was" the mother of
four children.
Aetna Life Insurance Co.
The annual statement is« published else
where In this issue. The company has had
a banner year and the business has yield
ed handsome returns. There are outstand
ing policies in the varied forms of life,
health and accident insurance aggregating
the enormous sum of $304,257,260.
the applicants seek as soon as possible
other locations.
Hearing of the charges preferred
against Otto Heynemann was postponed
for one week.
Patrolman James Connelly, charged
with drunkenness while on duty, was
placed on trial. At the conclusion of the
hearing the decision was taken und»;r ad
visement for a week.
Several incoherent letters from obvious
crank? narrowly escaped reference to the
Lunacy Commissioners. They were filed.
The commission -adjourned to meet
again at the call of the chair.
POLICE BOARD MEETS.
No Attempt Will Be Made to Elect a
Chief Until Commissioner
Thomas Returns.
President Newhall upon convening the
Police Commissioners last night an
nounced that owing to the absence of
Commissioner Thomas the board had de
cided to take no action regarding the elec
tion of Chief of Police, preferring to wait
until all the Commissioners could be pres
ent.
The remaining three hours of the ses
sion were mostly. taken up with the con
federation of applications for liquor li
censes. Four hundred and forty-six appli
cations, reported upon favorably by the
nergeants and patrolmen to whom they
had been referred for investigation, were
gTanted. Applications rejected at the lest
meeting by reason of the fact that ap
plicants had rooms connected with their
saloon* with partitions higher than al
lowed by the ordinance were reconsidered
and granted upon the understanding. that
applicants would reconstruct these rooms
to conform to the requirements.
An application by Charles Mitche'.l for
a saloon license on Dunbar alley brought
the statement from Commissioner New
hall that there were altogether too many
saloon? In the vicinity of the Hall of Jus
tice. Personally, he said, he Could not see
the necessity for more. Action on the ap
plication was deferred for a week.
Keepers of dance halls on Grant avenue,
between Market and Sutter streets, were
Informed by the Commissioners that -ft
was the object of the board to clear that
thoroughfare of euch places. Licenses
irerc granted with the undemanding that
Elite Chinaware
Bargains.
Il»» Worfb You*
Coming; Ju*t to See.
Great AiericaDlijortifli Tea Col
Stores Everywhere.
xoo Stores.
WODED HER
WITH A BIG
REVOLVER
Widow Beady Has a
Thrilling Escape.
J. L. Matkovich, who has charge of the
lunch counter at the Good Fellows' Grot
to, was arrested last evening by Police
men Perry and Barry and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of carrying a
concealed weapon. That the charge is
not one of a more serious nature Matko
vich has the oillcers to thank.
Matkovich has been courting Mrs
Beudy. a rather prepossessing widow,
who resides at 320 Van Ness avenue, and
becoming jealous of the attentions W C
Brown was paying the object of his'af
fections the dispenser 'Of cold roast boet
and ham sandwiches took aboard an un
usually large quantity of liquor last night
and paid a hostile visit to the widow's
house.
There he collided with Mrs. Beady 1 s»
brother, who rather favors Brown for
a brother-in-law, and Matkovich, who was
in a beautifully mellow state of intoxica
tion, proceeded to make a rought house
out of the little home. Mrs
Beady 1 and her brother joined forces and
the combination was so effectual that
Matkovich reached down" into his hin
pocket and drew fortn a glistening re
volver. Mrs. Boady and her brother were
undaunted by Matkovich's warlike actions
and in another instant he received a cuff
on the ear from the. angry brother that
sont him sprawling on the floor, where
Mrs.. Beady sat upon him until the polices
arrived. ¦ . . ..•¦:, .:¦ ¦• .»•.,.:•>.
CLASSIFIED CIVIL
SERVICE LIST ADOPTED
Various Places of Employment Seg
regated by the Commission — First
Examination March 1.
At a special meeting yesterday the Civil
Service Commission adopted the classified
civil service under which examinations
will be held for positions in those depart
ments of the city government under civil
service Jurisdiction. These Include the
offices of the County Clerk. Assessor. Tax
Collector, Sheriff. Auditor. Recorder,
Coroner. Board ©f Public Works. Police
and Fire departments. Board of Election
Commissioners. Board of Health, the
clerks and stenographers of the Justices
and Police courts and all boards or de
partments controlling public utilities. Th©
places of employment have been segre
gated Intofceven classes, as follows: Cler
fcal. mechanical, custodian, engineering,
medical, police and fire. The classification
is as follows:
CLERICAL.
(1) Copyists. (2) stenographers and typewrit
ers (3) ordinary clerks. (4) bookkeepers, (a) ex
perienced clerks. (6) register clerks. (7) court
room clerks, (8) office deputies. (9) secretaries.
MECHANICAL.
(1) Sewer men. <2) bricklayers. (3) cement
men and pavers, (4) tinners. (5) plumbers. (8)
plasterers (7) painters. (8) masons. (9) ma
chinists. (10) cabinet-makers. (11) carpenters.
CUSTODIAN.
m Janitors. (J) elevator men. (3) messengers.
(4) hostlers. (5) teamsters. (6) matrons, (7)
storekeepers. (8) commissaries. (9) foremen. <10>
Inspectors. (11) superintendents.
ENGINEERING.
(ft Rodmen ¦ (2) chalnmen. (3) linemen. (4)
repairers. (5) draughtsmen. (6) architects. (7)
surveyors. (8) telegraph Inspectors. <9> tele
graph operators. (10) steam engineers, (11) elec
trical engineers. (12) civil engineers.
MEDICAL.
(1) Health officers. (2) sanitary Inspectors. (3)
hospital employes. (4) «™ bu >a nce . a "?'Vl lll "2:
(5) nurses. (6) pharmacists. (.) chemist*. (»
bacteriologists. V -
POLICE.
(1) Guards. (2) watchmen. (3> van drivers,
(4) jailers. (S) bailiffs. (6) policemen.
FIRE.
(1) Hosemen, (2) hydrant men. (3) truckmen.
(4) tillermen. (5) stokers. (6) drivers, (7) dray
men. (8) watchmen. (9) firemen. (10) pilots.
The commission also decided to hold the
first examination for copyists on Thurs
day. March 1, at 8 o'clock In the- evening.
Permission will be asked of the Board of
Education to use a room In either the
Lowell or Girls' High School, and notifi
cation thereof will be given. Applications
for copyists may be obtained at the civil
service office in the City Hall, and must
b» filed with the secretary by S p. m. Feb.
ruary 24. The examinations will be pub
lic competitive and free and rules and
regulations governing them will be formu
lated this week.
MAY APPOINT A
WOMAN AS ONE
OF HIS STAFF
Perplexity of School
Superintendent.
CANNOT GET MEN TO SERVE
SELECTION OF A. L. JORDAN THE
ONLY CEBTAINTY.
Superintendent of Schools Webster has
found it such a difficult matter to per
suade members of the department to ac
cept positions of "assistant deputies under
him at the salary of $150 per month, as
fixed by the Board, of Education, thut
yesterday he expressed his opinion that
he would be obliged to name a woman
for one of the places. In fact, he says
he has several names under consideration,
but had not finally made up his mind
whether the necessity for appointing a
woman was unavoidable or not. He saya
further that he had already received sev
eral protests against any possible Inten
tion he may have had to appoint a lady
and, strange to relate, the protests do not
come from the sterner sex. The fact that
a deputy superintendent must report on
the qualifications of the teachers and the
conditions of the classes as he or she
may find them makes it peculiar that the
ladies are averse to one of their own sex
performing the duties. . .
The only name Mr. Webster has posi
tively decided upon for one of the places
Is that of A. L. Jordan, who is now his
principal assistant. The other three dep
uties have not as yet been decided on.
Mr. Webster finds that- the low salary
and the ten years' practical school-ex
perience required -by the charter for the
position have limited his scope of availa
ble tandldates. Men who have the neces
sary experience decline to give up the
higher salaries they are now earning to
work at duties considerably more ardu
ous that they are at present performing.
Director Casserly's recent suggestion that
."young men- be given a chance to grow
up with the work" does not find much
favor with Webster, who thinks that Cas
serly is evidently not. familiar. with the
ten-year requirement In the charter,
which effectually bars the said young
It is believed nothing, would please the
board better than to appoint Mr. Web
ster's deputies, providing he consents,
which is quite likely if he cannot get the
men he wants to serve at the $150 stipend.
In fact, it is said the board placed the
salary at that figure with the sincere ex
pectation that it would be impossible to
get desirable men who would serve at
that price. If the board be allowed to
appoint the deputies, it is more than like
ly the salary may be raised to $200 or
even $250 a month, a figure which Su
perintendent Webster and Chairman
Mark both agree Is Just and proper.
THE grave closed over the body
of betrayed and deserted Amy
Murphy yesterday forenoon, and
before the sun had set the prison's
steel clasp was upon the llvinc:
form of Horace Poulin. the man wh<>
chewed her the way where lay shame and
a miserable death.
Though he has been brought to know
the interior of a prison cp!l it Is not
likely that the courts of earth can punish
this man. but when Poulin goes into the
world again it will be as a wanderer from
the city that has been his home for so
long. Discredited by those who have
known him. discharged by the firm in
•whose employ he had been so long, and
unable to make new connections because
of the path of degradation he has chosen
to follow. Horace Poulin will leave San
Francisco to try life in some place where
the darker fide of his character has not
been ghown to the public gaze.
The Incident of Amy Murphy's passing
out of the world is now practically closed.
Whether she committed suicide or was
murdered may still be a question in the
minds of some who have followed the
case; but the only thing now, after the
clods hov#> fallen on her coffin, that can
revive public Interest in the case would be
the accidental turning up of the pistol or
the locating of the man who reported the
discovery of the body. Either of these hap
penings would probably only result in the
further substantiation of the suicide
theory-
Acting Chief of Police Biggy. though re
alizing that there was no law under
which Poulin could be punished for the
killing of Miss Murphy, was determined
that if it lay in his power Poulin should
be punished in some way for the wrongs
done her.
Actuated by this determination Mr.
Biggv yesterday afternoon had a tele
phone message sent to Poulin at the office
of the Eisen Vineyard Company asking
him to come to headquarters. Poulin hap
pened to be there, and soon after 5
o'c.ock he appeared at the station. Un
der an order from the 'Acting Chief he
was taken to the City Prison. He was
fcooked on a charge of "adultery." in or
der that he might b« held until the law
could be looked up and a determination
reached as to whether he could be prose
cuted under any of the statutes for his
offenses against morality. The Acting
Chief himself plunged into the statute
books to find something to cover the case,
If possible-
Acting Chief Biggy was very angry
¦when he lu-ard that Poulin had been
booked at the prison for "adultery." He
had had him taken there merely to be
held until the law could be looked up.
Under the statute In cases euch as these
an adultery charge will not lie unless at
least one of the parties Is married.
Poulin was placed in one of the large
barred compartments where petty offend
ers are confined. He soon struck up a
conversation with one of the several in
the "cage" with him and seemed much
Interested. :>*-<
"Say. give me time to collect my
thpughts, won't you?" he said when
tsked in the jail office about matters con
nected with his case. "This is a new
thing for me. I never was in a jail be
fore. Of course I know you fellows
haven't any sentiment In matters of this
kind. It if=n't your business, but my
head's Bwimming. Don't crowd me too
much. You know I've got a few things
on my mind."
Poulin walked about nervously while
saying this. There was a weak but not a
forced smile on his lips, his face was pale
end he pulled between words at a cigar
ette. He Is of slender build and has a
generally dissipated look, though he Is a
neat dicsser. A friend was ushered in to
see him and he said:
"Don't stop at anything till you get me
out of here. Hunt up Judge Pierce and
state the case to him. I want to get away
from this place. It's warm in here. I'll
tell you what I want pretty badly — a
'jolt.' Get me one if you can break in
here with It."
Poulin was urged to give up the missive
that Amy gave to Maile for him. He said
he tore it up the Sunday morning after
he saw her at the Carrolton. Asked about
its contents he declared at first he could
not remember them, but finally said that
to the best of his remembrance they were
as follows:
Dear Horace: I have $20 05, balance from
; the German Savings Bank, tvhlch I send you.
i I have told Mr. Mail*- all about our relations.
j Au revoir. AMY.
There was no intimation of suicide In
: this note. Poulin declared. It was
! wrapped up with the money, he said. The
money he put back in Amy's purse.
"I am 2b' years old now," said Poulin,
"and cair.e from Montreal to San Diego
lin 18S7. I worked there two years as a
i printer on the Union and then came here
j and went to work for the Eisen "Company
as a.n office boy. I have been with them
j eleven years and now ha\» to give up a
] ]>ositio.i that pays me $300 a month. I re
signed yesterday because the firm's busl
i ness would be hurt bjr my further con
i r.ectlon with it. No, 1 am not going to
| seek another place here. I am going to
• leave San Francisco at once and for good.
' I feel the humiliation that this matter has
! brought me and want to get away from
jit for good. I don't know where I will go
yet: only I must leave here and cut it all
I out.
"Did I promise to marry Amy Murphy?
! I don't care to talk about that. I have
j talked enough— too much. I suppose
they'll take me back to my cage now.
Well, there's something interesting in
those people In there with me."
The books of the Eisen Company show
that Poulin was not boasting when he
i paid he had worked up to a position worth
; $300 a month. Though to outward appear
; ances he is not a man of. strong charac
ter, he must have ability, for he is a
capable salesman.
Amy Murphy was not the first victim cf
1 Poulin. There is a young woman now
j living elsewhere in this State, and mar
] ried, who was led astray by him two years
ago. Her people ar«* well known in this
city. This girl was taken from his clutches
I and perhaps saved a fate similar to Amy
j Murphy's. After y her marriage Poulin
I threatened to bring suit against her for
j breach of promise, with the purpose of
i blackmail, the police declare.
The funeral of the dead girl was held at
10 o'clock yesterday forenoon from Mo-
Avoy's undertaking parlors. A large
crowd attended Mrs. J. C. Dart, mother
of the df-ceased. was present, heavily
veiled. Many women were weeping dur
ing the affecting scene. Rev. J. A. B.
Wilson of the Howard-street Methodist
Episcopal Church, preached the funeral
s-ermon. He spoke strongly of the dan
gers that beset young girls, and said dur
ing his discourse:
On occasions like this I thank God for ray
Southern birth.
I was reared in a country where we would
kill men for crimes like this.
I hope to se« the day when the protection
of woman by the use of the pistol on the. part
of fatherß or brothers of young plrls like thin
<l«-ad child Mrlll' bC made Justifiable homicide
in every State of the Union.
Mrs. Charlotte Edholm spoke of the
necessity of protecting young women In
great cities, and hymns were sung by
Mi&s Balllnger of th»s Rescue Home on
Fol=om street and Miss Gates.
The interment was in Laurel Hill Ceme
tery.
Poulin was released at midnight on
JltXKi cash ball, furnished by T. M. Mc-
Lachlan.
THE LATE MRS. JAMES PHELAN.
mRS. JAMES PHELAN, mother of the Mayor, died at the family res
idence on Valencia street yesterday mornir.g. Since last Thanksgiv
ing day her life has been despaired of, and it was- feared that her
two daughters, who were in the East, might not again see her alive,
but for several weeks the patient was sustained, and when the end came she
was surrounded by all her children. One week ago it seemed as though Mrs.
Phelan was about to regain some of her former strength, but Monday morning
she suffered a third relapse, and her physicians at once declared that there
was no hope of another rally.
Mrs. Phelan was a descendant of one of the most historic families of the
. ancient Irish nobility. She was formerly Miss Alice Kelly, daughter of the
late Jeremiah Kelly of Stradbally, Queens County, Ireland. The family de
scended from the O'Mores of Leix, which line was almost exterminated at the
fearful massacre of Mullagast. Among the treasured relics in the Phelan
family is a cross of St. Louis, bestowed on the O'Mores for bravery during
the French wars, and which descended as an heirloom to Mrs. Phelan.
The Kelly family came to this country over half a century ago and settled
in Brooklyn, N. V., where Mrs. Duval, a sister of the deceased, still lives.
It was in New York that Miss Alice Kelly met James Phelan, her future hus
band, who went West to lay the foundation of the vast fortune which he after
ward accumulated. In ISSB the marriage should have been performed, but
when James Phelan was about to leave California to go East and claim his
bride his brother Michael died and delayed the journey. The next year, how
ever. Miss Kelly, accompanied by General Joseph Lane and Hon. Lafayette
Grover of Oregon, came to this coast, and in May, ISSD, she. became the, wife
of James Phelan, the ceremony being performed by Archbishop Alemany in
old St. Mary's Cathedral.
With the exception of a few trips to her old home Mrs. Phelan has re
sided continuously in this city since her marriage, and all of her children were
born here. Nine years ago her husband died, and by the terms of his will
Mrs. Phelan was given a life interest in the city and country establishments
o? the family and an annual Income of $30,000. Her unpretentious mode of liv
ing did not require more than a small proportion of this magnificent income,
and the larger part has been used to aid the. less fortunate. It has been dis
pensed In such a manner, however, that the right hand knew not the mission
of the left. Mrs. Phelan was very earnest in her observance of religious
duties, and so long as she was able she was regularly in her place at St.
Ignatius Church. AY*
Mrs. Phelan was born 73 years ago. Her children are James D. Phelan,
Miss Mollle Phelan and Mrs. Frank J. Sullivan.
The funeral will take place to-morrow at 10:30 o'clock from St. Ignatius
Church, and the ceremonies over the grave, which will be at Holy Cross
Cemetery, will be attended only by relatives and friends..
LIVELY SCENES
WHILE LOADING
THE AUSTRALIA
Freight Blockades on
East Street.
HONOLULU LACKS PROVISIONS
A BIG LOAD WILL LEAVE ON THE
MAIL STEAMEB.
East street from Market to the Oceanic
dock was crowded with heavy laden wag
ons from early morning yesterday until
noon to-day. Teamsters cursed and
swore, pedestrians crossed the thorough
fare at their peril, electric cars were
blockaded and there were several pitched
battles between the drivers of the horse
cars and the drivers of the wagons.
Through it all the horses enjoyed a well
earned rest and as they got their three
square meals throughout the day they
doubtless would not object if the blockade
lasted for a week.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
boat Australia is to sail for Honolulu to
day, at 2 p. m. Little or no freight has
reached the islands for over a month and
in consequence almost all articles of food
are at starvation prices. Potatoes are a
luxury in the Paradise of the Pacific at
the present time. When the Australia
was there a small sized tuber was worth
5 cents, and the chances are they have
doubled in value since then. This is only
an Instance, as nearly all the staple arti
cles of daily use are very scarce.
No wonder tuen that when the Aus
tralia began to receive freight there was
a rush of gooda. At 8 a. m. it was im
possible to get within a block of the
wharf and Sergeant "Tom" Mahoney. and
a squad of police had a hard time pre
serving the peace. At 10 a. m. they nad
got the line straightened out so that out
side teams could come and go, but at 3
p. m. the heavily laden wagons were still
three deep from the Oceanic dock to Mar
ket street. On the wharf Captain How
ard had everything in splendid working
order. There was no confusion and the
loading of the mall steamer went on with
a rush and wknout a hitch.
There' is almost twice as much freight
offering for Honolulu as the Australia
can carry and the chances are that the
Zealandia will be put on the run. She is
now fitted out and ready for the Cape
Nome trade in the spring, but she can
easily mai.e a trip to Hawaii before the
rush to the gold fields begins.
The transports are beginning to move
again. The Conemaugh will begin load
ing horses to-day and will sail for Ma
nila via Hilo to-morrow. She will be fol
lowed by thr> Leelanaw in a" couple of
days. The Meade will load freight and
will probably get away about the 18th
inst. The Thomas came off the dock'
yesterday and will follow the Meade on
the berth. The Board of Examiners met
yesterday and discharged the Manauense
The report of the Board of Inquiry, which
has taken evidence In the matter of the
aUeped unseaworthiness of the vessel, will
be ready in a few days.
The British ship Clackmannanshlre Is
once more on her way to Europe with a
cargo of wheat. While making her way
down the Columbia River she was In col
lision and the fluke of her anchor was
driven through one of the after bow
plates. The cargo in the forepeak was
removed, the damage repaired and now
the ship that ia named after the smallest
county in Scotland is once more at sea.
The. tug Annie lost her smokestack
through the carelessness of the crew of
the transport Thomas early yesterday
morninr. The Thomas came down from
the drydock during the night and berthed
along the end of Howara -street wharf.
.To keep her In position, a line was run
ahead to Mission street wharf. The An
nie came along in the dark and Captain
Fitchworth proceeded to enter the slip,
never dreaming there was a line across
It. In an Instant the Annie's smokestack
was gone and the tug is now laid up for
repairs.
The Commissioner of Navigation has
authorized the change of the name of the
steamer Ira waddy to that -of Charles D.
Lane. The steamer is owned by the Wild
Goose Mining and Trading Company, of
which Charles D. Lane is an owner.
NEW SILKS, in Foulards, Plisse, Corded,
Hemstitched and Wash Silks,
NEW FRENCH CHALLIES, FANCY DRESS
PLAIDS, GOLF SKIRTINGS and SCOTCH
CHECKED SUITINGS.
NEW BLACK FABRICS, in Silk and Mohair
Creoons, Zihelines, Venetians and Wool
PoDlins,
NEW WASH FABRICS, in Dimities, Organ-
dies, Percales, Galateas, Crepes and
Ginuhams,
NEW FANCY RIBBONS, in Corded, Hem-
stitched, Brocades and Mousseline.
NEW SILK WAISTS, latest stules and color-
ings, in Hemstitched, Corded and Tucked.
This week we will exhibit
our First Shipment of the following
New Goods for Spring, 1900,
DEATH OF MRS. PHELAN,
MOTHER OF THE MAYOR
THE SAX FRANCISCO , CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1900.
HORACE PODLIN JAILED
AND HIS VICTIM BURIED
Acting Chief Hopes to Punish
Betrayer in Some Way.
Poulin Tells the Contents of Amy's Letter.
He Has Resigned His Position and
Will Leave This City.
HORACE POULIN AT THE CITY PRISON.
12
Common - whi&ky is a curse— the Old
Government Is a blessing. •