interests of the city. While pos
ing as an officer of independent
action, free to choose whom he
pleased for public office and
guided only by his judgment of
what was best for San Francisco,
he waited until he received the
names of the men who are now
Police Commissioners. To the
general public, believing in his in
tegrity of purpose and freedom of
action, he was a high-minded,
public-spirited executive; to the
scheming blacklegs who had
bought the Police Department of
this city as the price of their in
fluence he was a fellow of their
own kind, ready to make a bar
gain and smear his hands in the
noisome pool of politics.
To the waiting public the
Mayor was saying that only the
best men would be chosen. ' To
the blackmailers who had pur
chased the Police Department as
an instrument for the better ma
nipulation of their plans he was
pleading for the, names he had
promised to announce as those of
his own choosing. He was
helpless in the coil of his
own making. He pleaded the
privilege of appointing R. H.
Lloyd as a member of the com
mission. His pleadings were met
with sneers. "We want Dr. Mc-
Nutt/' he was told, "and we will
have him. We know what he
will do and we do not know what
Lloyd may do."
And the Mayor's pleading
ceased. He had given the Police
Department and all its vast pow
ers to the men who had chosen
Frederick L. Esola, alias Fred
erick Harrington, for Chief of
bound to elect a man with an alias
to a post of the greatest trust and
responsibility.
With each day new evidence of
the desperate plot to turn the Po
lice Department over to criminal
influences is coming to light. It
has already been shown that
Esola selected J. J. Callundan,
alias Worthington, to be Chief of
Detectives. Callundan was not
even then in the Police Depart
ment: More than that, he was
ineligible to become a member.
But the plot had been formed to
convert the entire department
into a corrupt and corrupting
machine. It mattered little what
the record of Callundan was and
his ability was not a question for
discussion.
The first step was taken when
on January 4 he was smuggled
into the department as a patrol
man under the old commission,
which was then on the eve of
leaving office. The records of
Callundan's petition, examina
tion and election reveal a remark
able series of discrepancies which,
however, are not the most serious
elements of the fraud. Under a
law of the old commission no one
who was not between the ages of
2i- and 30 could be elected a
member of the department. This
rule was established by the old
commission and had the full ef
fect of law. When Callundan
filed his petition he declared that
he was born in July, 1865, mak
ing him over 34 years of age and
ineligible. But the charter pro
vides that any man between the
ages of 21 and 35 years of age is
eligible, so Callundan was still
within the limit. .
Police. And now Mayor Phelan
squirms at the consequences of
his corrupt , bargain, but squirm
as he may, he must give his
pound of flesh. It is not that he
feels new moral scruples at the
dishonesty of his compact, but
that he smarts under the sting of
publicity. He knew when he an
nounced the names of the Com
missioners that he was in the po
sition of a stuffed jury rendering
a verdict in which it took no part.
If Mayor Phelan had an
nounced in his campaign
speeches that he intended to
make Frederick L ; Esola Chief
of Police, does he believe that he
would have won the votes of rep
utable . men who value their
homes and prize the good name
of their city? Does he believe
that if he announced that his
Chief of Police would appoint J;
J. Callundan, alias Worthington,
Chief of Detectives that he would
have secured the votes and the
active support of the Hallidies
and the Brittans? Does he think
that the votes would have been
the same if decent men knew that
he was bartering away their
rights, driving bargains with
criminals and making capital out
of the institutions for which he
professed such ostentatious care ?
He did not dare to come into
the open then and his Police
Commissioners should not permit
him to make them his catspaws
now. On Saturday night Mayor
Phelan looked upon this grave
matter as an occasion for amuse
ment. A sober second thought
may convince him that it is an
affair without parallel perhaps in
serious import in the history,' of
1 HE Police Commissioners
I have now their plain duty
before them. They have
the power to saddle a criminal po
lice administration upon San
Francisco or they can justify the
hope of the city and endow it
with honest police officials, guid
ed by a clean, upright policy and
governed by healthy public influ
ences. The power is in the hands
of the Commissioners and they
should show that no campaign
pledge of an ambitious office
seeker can force them into the
mire of public disgrace. They are
something more than playthings
of a Mayor who does not know
the meaning of a pledge unless
he njads in it some personal prop
erty or gain.
Perhaps an injustice has inad
vertently been done to Mayor
Phelan. It has been said, and he
has denied the assertion, that he
pledged the Police Commission
ers before their appointment to
vote for F. L. Esola for Chief of
Police. Mayor Phelan did not
force this pledge from them, be
cause he had no power to do so.
He did not choose the Commis
sioners, because he did not dare
to do so. He had sold the Po
lice Department for certain
newspaper support and he was
compelled to accept the conse
quences of his corrupt bargain.
Knowing to what tremendous
evil pun)oscs the Police Depart
ment may be put, he silenced his
scruples in the cries of his ambi
tion and bartered away the best
that are behind him in encourage
ment and support. Charges have
been preferred against him and
an attempt has been made to re
fute them. What his past may
have been is not a matter of mo
ment to the people of this city.
What boyish pranks or what
more serious may have clung in
memory to his name form no
part of the issue. The Esola of
to-day is the figure-head of influ
ences that will mean disaster and
death to some of the best inter
ests of San Francisco. Esola is
the creature of a corrupt bargain
and will be the tool of a worse
policy in public affairs.
He represents* the elements
that are kept in check only by
unremitting vigilance. He is
schooled to the principles of men
who would throw the city open
to the raid of gamblers and their
rout of criminals of both sexes.
It might be no exaggeration, un
der a police administration such
as he would give, to see nickel
in-the-slot machines on every
post in City Hall Park.
It seems strange that at the be
ginning of a new era for San
Francisco, when the trumpets of
reform are blaring forth their
promises, when schemes of civic
improvement are shouted at ev
ery turn, that the most important
and practically the only candidate
for one of the vitally important
offices of the city government
must clear his skirts of the mire
of scandal before he may be
chosen for the high office he
seeks. It is a sad commentary
upon the pledges that were given
and the promises that were made
to find ostensibly honorable men
San Francisco. The interests of
ever}'' reputable class in the city
are at stake, but the Mayor is mis
taken when he thinks that he can
gamble them against the hazard
of his personal ambition. Since
he looks so lightly upon the issue
perhaps he is ready to dine Fred
erick Lawrence Esola, alias Har
rington, and Jules J. Callundan,
alias Worthington, at his home in
honor of the dignities with which
he intends to clothe them.
Perhaps the Police Commis
sioners are ready to do the same.
They cannot honestly or consist
ently decline a social equality
with men with whom they intend
to establish an honorable official
relation. They cannot refuse an
association of their own choos
ing. In common justice they can
not force upon their equals some
thing-which they, are not ready
to accept themselves.
An. effort , has been made to
prove ¦• that the. solemn protest
which has been voiced against
the plot of Mayor Phelan has its
origin in a newspaper contro
versy, and is inspired by some
personal objection to Esola.
Nothing could be further from
the truth. The only interest
which The Call has in exposing
the * crooked compact of the
Mayor is to prevent if possible
the accomplishment of a social
crime, the betrayal of the city and
its people into the clutches of its
criminal classes. , .
As for the personality of Fred
erick L. Esola, it is practically a
matter of no concern. . It is not
what he is or was that makes the
evil; it is what he represents the
gambling .and^.criminal classes
NEW SAN FRANCISCO BOWED BY THE SHAME OF SCANDAL
DESPERATE PLAN TO CONVERT THE POLICE
DEPARTMENT INTO A GIANT AGENCY OF CRIME
To carry the fraud still -fur
ther, the physician's report of ex
amination shows that Callundan
is 29 years of age. The report of
the clerk of the board shows that
he is 33 years of age. So one
may take his choice and then
turn to the register of voters of
the Third Precinct of the Forty
first District and find that in reg
istering in 1898 Jules J. Callun
dan swore that he was 35 years
of age. The conclusion is inevit
able that somewhere he has lied.
Do the Police Commissioners
need this new evidence to dem
onstrate to them that they should
not make this man a Chief of De
tectives? Do they need more to
open their eyes to the scandalous
plot that has been hatched to
make a thieves' den of the police
office?
Callundan is Esola's choice.
Callundan represents and typifies
to Esola his ideal of detective ad
ministration and both Callundan
and Esola represent what the
Mayor of San Francisco plotted
in secret and now forces upon
San Francisco with an insolent
command that it must be ac
cepted. The Mayor called upon
newspaper critics to come from
their towers, so that he might
talk to them. They are now talk
ing to him and telling him that
he cannot smear the mire of his
political compacts upon the insti
tutions of this city; that he can
not force the people of this city
to pay the price of his dishonora
ble bond to blacklegs and to reap
the dread harvest of evil, the seed
of which he sowed in the dark
places of a disreputable cam
paign.
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 46.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.What virtue there is in
bare cleanliness!
Pears' soap does nothing
but cleanse, it has no medi-
cal properties; but it brings
the color of health, and
health itself. Give it time.
This sale is for a limited time only— until the cloth is all gone that we purchased before prices went
up. This deal on our part enables us to give these extreme values. We do not expect to duplicate these
values after the cloth is gone.
Those
$13.50
made to
order
suits
that we mentioned last week
are marvelous values— you can-
l not conceive their excellence
from mere description. Look-
ing at the cloth and the way
we make them up will convey
more to you.
MOVING EYELID
SAVED HER LIFE
Woman Recovers While
Being Embalmed.
EAST ST. I/3T"TS. Jan. 14.— Mrs. Chris
tiana Hlrth emerged from a trance this
laomlng to find herself under process of
heing embalmed and prepared for the
g rave. The discover)' oi Uf> was the re
euJt of the merest accident and astounded
the undertaker. A movement of an eye
lid s-aved the woman from death at th«
hands of the undertaker or from burial
fc!lVf".
This morning, while her husband
va.tched at her bedside at the hospital Bhe
gay*. a. de«--p sigh and then peenied to
hreathe no more. When the County Phy
frician arrived he felt her pulse and made
other tests and then pronounced her dead.
The county undenakr-r wag then called
and shortly after proceeded jo embalm
the body in the dead room.
Mrs. BSrtfa was placed on the coohr.g
board and the work of prr-paring her for
liurlal began. The body was cleansed and
j<art;a]]y bleached. On each eye a weight
vas= placed to hold d<">wn the lid 6. Over
the fare a white cloih saturated with
r!*achir.g fluid wat ppread. The under
taker heard something fall. When ready
to remove th» bleaching cloth he noticed
that one of the weights had fallen oft*. In
replacing it he thought ho detected a
rlight movement of the eyelash. There
¦wa« no beat of pulse or sign of breath,
however, co he set about preparing hie
Instruments for the injection of the pul
fonouf fluid? used in embalming. While
thy? ftnpa.frf'ii he hoard another noi*e.
Again thp weight had fallen. Again he
noticed a faict quiver of the eyelid. Then
h<- applied the most powerful test known
to undertaken, and was rewarded with a
faint h'.gn of life. He summoned assict
anc* and the body was removed to a bed
la th<- hospital. The doctor was called
and r^storuuvf-s applied.
Gradually the woman came out of her
fiira and was able to move her body, fche
was unabl* to diF'-UF? her experiences, but
ir.ade Higr.s to Indicate that ehe was con
scious of all that bail tnken place. It Is
expertr-d That she will r*gain come of her
strength and live for a while at least.
THREATENED BY NEGROES.
Emigrant Agent in Jail to Save Him
From a Mob.
MADISON, Ga.. Jan. 14.— W. A. Will
lams, the emigrant agent, who during the
past six weeks has sent 2">00 negroes out of
the State, has been In Jail here for twen
ty-four hours to pave him from a mob of
farmers who threatened his life at Green*-'
boro on Saturday.
Williams, who Is known aa "Pegieg"
Williams, had engaged the negroes to
leave Greensboro for the West and waa
arranging for their departure. The ne
groes have been leaving the farmers in
large numbers of late, and many farmers
are entirely without help. Their exodus
will materially reduce the. cotton acreage
for the present year, perhaps from- 20 to
25 per cent.
Lieutenant Howard Bead.
WASHINGTON*, Jan. 14.— Lieutenant
Ramuel Howard. U. S. N., the pilot and
lust of the officers and craw of Ericsson's
monitor during her memorable engage
im-nt with the Merrimac, died here to-day
from concussion of the brain, the result
of a fall. He was 00 years of age, and for
more than- fifty years had traversed the
seas. i
BREEDERS TAKE
UP THE FIGHT
Oppose the Scheme of
Corrigan.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15.— The Times-Her
ald says: Breeders of . thoroughbred
horses have taken a hand in the turf
war between the factions of the
American Turf Congress and are likely
to wield a big influence in the delibera
tions of the body which will assemble in
spocial session at Covlngton, Ky., Janu
ary 25. The breeders are against the ship
ment of circuit racing property by . the
Applegate-Corrlgan-Schulte combination.
Their argument Is that it will Injure the
interests of the men who sell the horses
that make the runners. The claim is thai
the more competitive Is racing and the
higher the purses the better is the de
mand for good horses. On this proposi
tion breeders dislike the plan of arranging
fixed dates for each of the big running
tracks and thus removing competition.
Secretaries of the principal jockey clubs
of the West have received protests
against the circuit plan and the oppo
nents of the circuit, including the Chl-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
718 Market Street and Corner Powell and Eddy Streets.
WILL DISCUSS
FRUIT COMBINE
Growers Gathering in
San Jose.
Ereclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 14.— A large number of
; fruit-growers from various parts of the
State arrived this afternoon to attend
the dried fruit men's convention, which
opens here to-morrow morning. They
are all enthusiastic- In favor of organiza
tion, and realize that some united step
must be taken In order- to protect their
industry.
All interest centers In the committee's
report on organization. It is certain this
will be under the co-operative act of 1595.
After this Is adopted there will be five
directors to elect, the choosing: of a place
as headquarters of the association and
the selection of a manager. The adop
tion of a form of contract between the
grower and association will occupy con
siderable time.
The larg-e number of delegates will
represent every section of the State, and
it will be the most notable meeting of
prunemen ever held.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists rrtund the money If It fails to cure.
£. W. QroTe'a signature la oa each box. 25c
One entire window is devoted to these suits and overcoats for $13.50.
Samples will- be freely given: If out of town, write for sample catalogue No. 2.
FOR 11. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MOJJ., Tuea.. Wed.. Thur». and Sat. at ta
a- m. ; 3:13. 8: JO p. m. (ex. Thurs. nt*ht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:S0: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. LandlnK and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier So. I. Telephone Main ISOS.
FAKE .........«*....6b0j
Winter overcoat, knee lepgth, stylish
material, velvet collar. Surt to please
you.
The strand Is similar to the cutaway
frock, but is shorter and has outside pockets.
Makes a very stylish business suit
cutaways
Cutaway frocks, well tailored, fit assured,
good selection of dressy cloths to chooso
from. Makes a very stylish suit.
overcoats
Box overcoat, fashionably tailored ; fits
like the high-priced overcoat. Good selec-
tion of light-colored cloths. ,V ,;*.'"
The eight styles
sack suits
Single-breasted, plain lapels.
Double-breasted, plain lap:ls.
Sinzle-breasted, silk .facing, high-cut
double-breasted vest
Double-breasted, silk facing like above
picture. ; : ; 7
A particular feature of these suits is the silk facing. It gives them a rich, dressy tone. Realize this : Made-
to-order suits of these materials plainly made and worth $15 and $20 are certainly- values you never
purchased before, since. you can get the suits silk-faced now for $19.^0.
QUARREL OVER MOODY.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14.— The Rev. W. J. Wil
bur Chapman has resigned sa vice presi
dent of the Moody Institute as the result
of j. controversy a« to whether he or
Will H. Moody should write the official
life of the dead evangelist. . Both claim
the biography Is authorized, but Mr.
Moody says he has the indorsement of the
family. Dr. Chapman Is pastor of the
Fourth Presbyterian Church of New
York.
Killed by a Blast.
BUTTE. Mont., Jan. 14.— Joe Mellvlch
and Joerph Maxwell, working In the Co
lufca-Parrott irJrse, were Instantly killed
at an early hour this morning by the cx-
Slosion of a blast that had hung fire. J.
. Rlley and EU Polovlcb, who were
working with the unfortunate men. cc->
caped miraculously without a "cratch.
The four men were working In a drift
on the 1400-foot level and had fired a
round of holes. They supposed all had
gone off. and returned to the drift to clean
up the debris, when a "missed hole" went
erf.
Silk: faoirig
Pictured here are two of the
styles — double - breasted suit
and single-breasted suit with
high-cut double-breasted vest.
We are making these suits
and overcoats for $13.^0 in
eight different styles, as enu-
merated below.
CONTRADICTORY ADVICES
COME FROM COLOMBIA
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Jan. 14.— Advices
Just received from Colombia reiterate the
statement that the main body of the Co
lombian revolutionists, after occupying
Bucaramanga on January' 6 and securing
large quantities of stores, proceeded to
ward Kocorro, to which otht-r bodies were
converging, with a view of forming a
Junction and making a concerted attack
upon Bogota. In this attempt, according
to the tame advices, the Colombians ex
pected the assistance of a. considerable
body of Venezuelans, understood to be
advancing from the frontier by way of
Culta.
On the other hand, the Government dis
patches reaffirm the reports of a com
plete rout of the main body of the insur
gents in two heavy battles near Bucara
manga and Ctrrita. entirely frustrating
the Insurgents' plan.
As against these advices from yet an
other quarter declare that the Govern
ment Is completely disorganized afld that
the Government troops are retreating to
ward Bogota, avoiding conflicts. In this
connection it is pointeJout that the draft
ing of Antioquin troops into the capital
is a significant indication of the Govern
ment's condition. i -
Hunter Accidentally Killed.
social I;lspatch to The Call
NEWMAN. Jan. 14.— John Weddle. a
well-known market hunter, was driving
In a cart this afternoon about six miles
from here in Merced County carrying a
loaded shotgun. In crossing a ditch the
gun was accidentally discharged, killing
him instantly. Deputy Coroner Cothran
of Los Banos was notified and brought in
the remains. Deceased was about 25 years
of age and unmarried.
Temblor in San Jose.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
~SAN"JOSE. Jan. 14.— A heavy shock of
earthquake was felt here at 11:27 to-day.
It wa« of a few seconds duration. No
damage was done. The churches were all
filled at the time and for a while Borne un
easiness was occasioned, but only a few
persons left their seats.
Alexander Majors Dead.
CHICAGO. Jan. 14 —Alexander Majors
well known thrournout the West as the
originator of the pony express and the
first man to conduct a complete overland
mall service, Is dead. His body was
taken to Kansas City to-night for inter
ment. Majors was an Intimate friend of
••Buffalo Bill."
Work Trains Collide.
ROSEBERG. Or!. Jan. 14.— A head-end
collision occurred to-day between the work
trains on the Southern Pacltic in the west
end of tunnel No. 3, about two and a half
miles from West Fork. One man Is re
ported injured. All the trains axe de
layed. No further particulars are obtain
able.
Steelworkers to Strike.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Jan. 14.— At a
meeting of the Cleveland branch of Rod
Mill Workers to-night it was decided to
Inaugurate a strike in the four mills of
the American Steel and Wire Company In
this city to-morrow.. The strike here will
throw about 4000 men out of employment.
GRAVE CHARGES AGAINST
THEODORE BUTTERFIELD
Arrested at Chicago Upon Accura
. tions Filed by Eleven Little
Epecial Plspatch to The Call.
.
Epecial Plspatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14.— Theodore Buttpr
field, a veteran of the civil war and door
keeper of the Republican National Con
vention which nominated James G. Blame
for the Presidency, Is a prisoner at the
County Jail. Eleven charges of a most
serious nature are preferred against But
ternc!d. and the whole neighborhood in
tne vicinity of Doolittle School. Thirty
fifth street and Rhodes avenue. Is wrought
up In consequence. Butterfleld's accuser!
are all young girls, the youngest not yet
11 years of age and the eldest under 15.
They are children of respectable and weil
to-do parents and all attend Doolltt.e
School.
Detectives Hogan and MuHen. who ar
rested Butterfleld. declare hn is a fiend in
carnate. When the charges against him
were made public the parent* of the chil
tiren talked of wreaking summary venge
ance upon him. He was surrounded by
police and hurried to jail. The prisoner
is married and has a Fon. Mrs. Butter
field 1» a spiritualistic medium, well known
In circles of the occult. Lieutenant Charles
Healey of the Stanton avrr.ue police cays
he has proof that Uutterfield'e habits -*e"r<»
formed years ago. He declarer two of
the little girls say they became Butter
field's victima year* ago. To-morrow lie
will take eleven little girls before the
<"srand Jury and secure indictments in
each cese he cays.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Keep Up With the Times
By drinking Evans' Ale and Evans' Stout. •
If you have any pictures to frame see
the new molding^ and new mat boards
lust received. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market st. •
MYSTERY OF THE
WRECK UNSOLVED
Gale Prevents Launch
ing of Boats.
ST. JOHNS. Iff. F., Jan. 14.-The gale
has not yet blown itself out and the sea
is sUll too rouKh to allow boats to gel
near the wreck in St. Marys Bay. As yet
there is nothing to show the name of
the vessel. Ten bodies have been located
among the rocks and others can be seen
floating about. Plans have b*>en made for
the recovery of theee as soon as the
weather permits, and It may then be pos
sible to get at the name of the steamer
from pk-cts of boats wedged in the clefts
of rocks.
The Roman Catholic prieet of this dis
trict was given by. a villager a photo
graph, which had been washed ashore,
apparently from the wreck. This repre
sents a seaman wearing a cap, upon
which are the letters "S. M. 8. Falke.
The priest was also told that the ship
had dipped oft the rocks into deep water,
and had disappeared except for the top of
one mast and that a guernsey with the
letter* ••S. M. 6." had also been picked
up near the wreck.
It appears that the ship's funnel waa
banded red white and black, with a white
diamond. This funnel could not ~>e that
of the Falke, as she, being a North Ger
man Lloyd liner, would have a yellow
funnel. It is also thought that the pho
tograph might be one ot a waman on the
Gtrman warship Falke, or one taken
¦while it» owner was on the FaJke. The
funnels most resembling that of the
wreck are those of the American Petro
leum Company, and the vessel certainly
had a lot of petroleum on board, as the
ocean is covered with It. causing hun
dreds of birds to perish. The Warren
line of Boston U known &s the "White
Diamond line." although the funnels of
its vessels are black; the wreck may have
been a chartered steamer with a white
diamond painted over the regular signal
to chow her as a Warren liner.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— The Times to
morrow will cay: It is believed here that
the wrecked vessel is one of three steam
ers chartered by the Standard Oil Ccm
pany. very likely the Helgoland, which
left Philadelphia January o for Bergen,
Norway.
The Helgoland, Captain Rltter, Is a steel
vessel, IS! feet long, with a tonnage of
2297 tons. She carried a crew of about
ttf ty men.
Died on a Train.
ASHLAND, Or., Jan. 14.-Mrs. C. M.
Foote of Los Angeles, Cal., aged 73 years,
died suddenly on the northbound Oregon
express this afternoon near Montague.
She was seized with a hemorrhage while
at lunch in the dining car and died in a
few minutes. The deceased was taking to
Seattle for burial the remains of her late
husband, who died a few days ago In Los
Angeles. The body was placed In a cas
ket here and then transferred to the bag
gage car beside her husband. Mrs. C. H.
Kilbourn of Seattle, a daughter of Mrs.
Foote, accompanied the remains north.
General Sharpe Dead.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— General George
Henry Sharpe of Kingston, N. V., aged
72 yearn, died yesterday In this city from
shock following an operation. He waa
brevetted major general for distinguished
services during the Civil War. He waa
present as a member of General Grant's
staff when General Lee surrendered at
Appomattox. and it was In his custody
that the army of Vlrglna and General Lee
were paroled.
cago, St. Louis, New Orleans and Mem
phis tracks, will make good use of them.
The breeders argue that under the pro
posed plan owners will be compelled to
accept the purses offered, no matter what
they are, and will have no choice In
tracks
DIED WHILE NURSING
HER INDIAN LOVER
Miss Ella Richards a Victim of
Smallpox on the Ponca.
Reservation.
special Dispatch to The Call
WICHITA, Jan. 14.— Ella Richards, a
white woman, died yesterday on the
Ponca Indian reservation of smallpox.
Hers is the first fatality reported from
the reservation, although many are
stricken. Miss Richards went to the
Ponca reservation several weeks ago to
nurse an Indian lover, lack Fllnthouse,
who was stricken with smallpox. Her
friends at MlHvane attempted to dissuade
her; from groins when the news reached
her that Fllnthouse was 111, but she de
fled her parents by escaping from home
at night and bravely, alone, went to the
reservation, a distance of 100 miles.
• The officers around the -Indian's tepee
refused her admittance, but she waited
her chance and slipped by them. Loyal
to her redskin lover, she remained beside
him day and night. Her father came for
her and tried to persuade her to leave be
fore her Indian lover di«jd. but threats
and persuasion availed pothlng. In In
dian fashion, Flinthouse cut his' body to
cure himself. She did likewise. The
wounds on ncr body caused blood-poison
ing, and while he began to recover she
grew worse. Flinthouse committed sui
cide when he learned she had died.
Salinas River Diverted.
MONTEREY, Jan, 14.— News has been
received here that the recent high water
In the Salinas. River has cut a new chan
nel and opened a new mouth where the
stream now empties Into Monterey Bay.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TACOMA, Jan. 14.— According to Hong
kong advices received to-day the war be^
twoen France and China over the Kwong
chauwan boundary dispute has assumed
serious proportions. A month ago the
French got their six warships Into action
and bombarded numerous Chinese towns
along Kwongchuawan Bay. Chinese
troops, under Marshal Su. promptly de
serted and moved farther back. Two Chi
nese gunboats were taken possession of
by the French and their officers taken
aboard the French flagship as prisoners.
Guns and ammunition were removed from
the Chinese vessels. • •
A eevere fight took place at the village
of Vongluoc, where the -Chinese regulars
were found strongly fortified behind a
Bugrar cane field. The Chinese were driven
back, but only after a fight of four hoars.
In which the French lost four killed In
cludinjr Adjutant Regie, and twenty
eieht wounded. The Chinese finally broke
aSd /led. The French then pillared wjd
burned many villages, the French force
ers. All of Southern China ta IS™** 1 /
aroused at this forcible seizure of^ Kwong
chauwan Bay. which the French troops
Four pirates captured by the villagers
on the west river, near Canton, were ex
ecuted last month. Orders have been
Issued to behead every pirate caught, with
the object of driving out hundreds of pi
rates who Infest that section.
TELEPHONE GRANT 83.
I IEBENBADH
? 222-224 SUTTER STREET ?
? ?
? SFECIAL I
? MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY ?
4, Free delivery to Oakland,
? Alameda and ' Berkeley, ?
? whether your purchase be ?
?» large or small. ?
I Coffee, "Oriental," 2 lbs 55c J
A eoeclal blend roasted and ground .
™ every hour on our own premises.
J Baking Powder, 25? Mb can 30c J
a. Carefully prepared from pure cream
tartar and bl-ca.-b. soda. Regularly
? 40c ?
I Italian Prunes, ; 3 lbs 25c J
! Tart, good, healthy food. Reg. 12% c,
? Curry Powder, East India, I
¦?- New Importation. -4.-
A 4 01. S Cl. 1! "1. «,
NOW 2O« 35e 630
? Regularly 250 40c 750 ?
J Acme Milt, bottle 75c I
A pure medicinal whisky. Reg. 85c .
I Catsup, "New Era," pint bot 15c I
a Purity guaranteed. Rejrularly 20c.
* Corn Meal, 10-lb sack 25c ?
? Best Quality Eastern yellow meaL ?
4. Regularly 85c.
? Scotch Whisky, bottle $M 5 ?
Slater, Rodeers <& Co.'s: 10 years
•*¦ old. Regularly <1 33. <i>
I Kitchen Knife, 6 1-2 inch. 25c I
* OVERSTOCKED ON THIS SIZE. "*
? Made by Landers. Frary & Clark.
A Cocoa handle, for slicing and carving ,
v purposes. Regularly 50c
1 Cabinet Riesling, gallon 65c t
<g> A Hne table wine. Regularly XL
* Enterprise Chamois, K^ *
? Nothing finer for polishing gt>l3. sil- <£
a, ver or plated ware. Two sizes: .
7 12x15 inches. Reg. 25c. Now 130
<4> 18x23 Inches. Reg. 60c. Now 2So .«
? Putz Pomade gass?" 3 tins 10c ?
Regularly to.
? Cigars. ?
"* Fresh shipment of Stachelberff "Ha- <^
phael" and Regensberger's "The
v American." all clear Havana. Just in. ~
Country orders solicited.
? We ship free within 100 mile*. ?
Write for Catalogue. <^
.:. a. +¦* <**¦ <*• .*¦ .«>.* ¦$¦ <* ¦:> +¦ 4.4. f <*•
STUDENTS OF THE NEVADA
STATE UNIVERSITY IN REVOLT
Usual Rule of Seniority for Advancement
Is Ignored and Classes Threaten
to Resign in a Body.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
RENO, Ntv.. Jan. 14.— The Nevada State
TTnivensity has "troubles of Its own" Just
jiow. On iaet Wednesday R. D. Jackson,
professor of the schoo! of mints, tendered
2;is resignation as a result of his dissatis
faction with the recent action of the prts-
Jderst and Board of Regents In refusing to
prant him ar.y more leaves of absence.
«nd later In appointing Professor Thur
tell acting president during Dr. ."tubbs*
iibaence, instead of a senior professor, as
has been th* invariable custom. *.: >:n
Jackson and lYofessor J. Warne Phillies
tire seniors to Thurtell. Yesterday ttie
senior clars in mines and mining resigned
In a body as a mark of protect against the
action taken In Jackson's case. Last night
the students held an Indignation meeting,
til which the tenor of the speeches be
cfcine almon Incendiary against Pr»>sid»nt
Fuibbs and the Board of Regents. After
tl:e meeting the t»oys formed in line and
¦with a bra^s band and banners started for
the business part of town. Professor
Jackson heard of their Intention, headed
them off and begged them to quietly dis
j>oree. After three cheers for the pro
fessor they complied.
To-day Dr. J. warae Phillip* made pub
lic a iettcr to the acting president, in
v.-hich he calls attention to the Tact that
r.o laculty meeting has been called nnd
That the faculty has received no oOclal
Information regarding the Jackson mat
ter, and concluded as follows:
'i r*>gTet that I am Impelled to ea.y that
3 car.not meet with my students to give
them instruction until the faculty receives
n ?tntem*>nt from the president or the
Board cf Regents vindicating their recent
tction taken In regard to Professor Jack-
son, and removing the cloud under whiih
be Is leaving us."
Dr. Phillips has been professor of
physics, and both he and Jackson are ex
tremely popular with. the people and the
students. It is stated to-night that If Dr.
Phillips Is relieved the seniors of his class
wl!l also resign In a body.
President §tubb« is at Fort Worth,
Tex., and acting President Thurtell is In
San Francisco to-day, so little can be as
certained as to the next step In the
squabble.
It is «tated by a member of the Board
of Repents that Jackson has taken many
more vacations than he was entitled to.
thai he has sacrificed his duties at the
university to outside business Interests,
and that they appointed Thurtell as act
ing president because they considered him
the best man. without prejudice or favor
itism.
The people of this part of the State are
preatly excited over the events, and it is
feared the outcome will rreatly Impair
the usefulness of the Institution.
Acting President Thurtell. when seen
last night at the Grand Hotel, said that
he had just received a telegram from
Reno Informing him that Professor
Phillips had also resigned from the
faculty of the Nevada State University.
Professor Thurtell left Reno on Friday
night, and at that time knew of no dis
position on the part of the students to
break out in opposition to faculty laws.
He claims that the forced resignation
of Professor Jackson was due to the fact
that the latter was preoccupied with his
own affair* and could not devote suffi
cient and Just time to the work of the
student* i:nr!«»r him
VILLAGES ON CHINESE COAST
BOMBARDED BY FRENCH SHIPS
Regulars Driven From Their Trenches in the
Cane Fields and Kwongchauwan
Bay Seized.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1900.
DARING CRIME
OF A ROBBER
Despoils Two Places in
the Daytime.
KANSAS CITT. Mo., Jan. 14.— A lone
robber, masked and armed, cleaned out
two restaurants In the center of the city
at 6 o'clock this morning under the £lare
of an electric light. In Lewis' restaurant
at 1210 Walnut street he pointed a pistol
at Stanley Brushwood, the cashier, and
then tapped the register while he kept
his revolver In plain view of two custo
mers eating near by. The contents of the
register had been transferred to the safe
but a few minutes before and the robber
secured only a handful-of chance.' -
When he had satisfied himself that there
was nothing more In sight he gave the
waiter and the two customers a parting
word of warning and skipped across the
6treet to the restaurant of Robert Mc-
Clintock. Here the robber covered Cash
ier Joseph Drysdale and commanded two
waiters and three customers to hold up
their hands. They complied promptly ana
the. robber emptied the register In a
twinkling. He pocketed the entire con
tents, $146, and backing out of the door
encountered a grocery solicitor. He
poked his revolver Into the solicitor's face,
wit a the command not to make an alarm
and forced him Into the restaurant, where
all the others still stood with arms up
fetretched. At this the robber darted down
a near-by alley and disappeared. Hardly
more than five minutes was consumed at
both Jobs, and the robber had plenty of
time to get away before the scared vic
tims had recovered composure.
>^^^^^%^d^
r&ESS^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
sm. Steamers leave Broadway
nEK|-, wharf. San Francisco:
HETffl&Jw. For Alaskan port-. 19 a. m..
2§§P'pßJff*»k Jan. «, 11. M. 21. 2«. SI. Feb.
tXSJIiWa '• Chang- to company's steam-
jgRCEKTSVI er* at S-attle.
aSw&SDAI - For Victoria, Vancouver
r^^Bgßßafl CB. C), Port Townsend. geat-
tie, Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcorn
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. Jan. ».
11, H !l tt, tl, Feb. 6. and every fifth day
thereafter; cnanga at Seattle to this company's
iteamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y. ; at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'T-: »t Vancouver to C. P. R y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), S p. m.. Jan.
» 14. I», 24. 2». Feb. t, and every flfta day
thereafter. _
For Banta Cms. Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cay-
nco«. Port Harford (San Luis Obfspo). Gavlota.
Sant* Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lo« An^ele*) and Newport, i
a. m.. Jan. 7, 1L 15. 19. 23. 17. M. r«b. 4. and
every fourth flay thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Ptrt Har-
ford (Ban Luis Obtspo). Santa. Barbara, Port
Loa Angeles and Redondo (Loa Angeles) " »-
m.. Jan. t. ». 1», 17. 21. X 5. 29. Feb. i and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo«- del
Cabo. Mazatian. Altata. La Pas. Banta Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a, m.. 7th ot each
month.
For further Information obtain company s
folder.
The company reserves the right to change
»teamers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previnm nnt!re.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PKRKTNS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
19 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST 9TKAMER3 TO
PORTLAND
' From Bp»ar- street Wharf at 19 a. m.
CADC £12 First Class Including Berth
IAnC S8 Second Class and >feals.
COLUMBIA sails.. Jan. IS. tS; Feb. 2. 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 7, 17
Short Llna to Walla 'Walla, Spokane. Rutte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
«30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKTNS A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
iriW TOBZ. BODTHAHPTOS. LOHDOH. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From Naw York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Jan. 17! St. Paul.. Feb. T
New York Jan. 24 1 New York Feb. 14
St. Louis Jan. 21 St. L0ui5. ...... .Feb. Cl
; ..'., RED STAR LINE.
• •¦ ' New YorK aod Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. I! noon.
Aragonla Jan.' 17|Westernlaiid ?..Fab. 1
Friesland Jan. 24 1 Kensington Feb. 14
Southwark ......Jan. 31 1 Noordland .'Feb. SX
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael. Day/son City.
For full Information regarding freight aad
v i - ¦ passage apply ta
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery st.. or any of Its afene'.es.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets.- 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, an!
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on bcarvi.on day
of sallln?. • ' • ¦ 4 ¦
HONGKONO MARU Tuesday; Jan 1$
NIPPON MARC Friday. Feb »
AMERICA MARU ?...Wednesday,. .Wednesday, Mar T
• Vl* Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. ; For
fi-rlght and passage apply at company" s of nee
411 Mark«t street, corner First.
W. H. AVKRY. General Agent.
fP(£?fi2£lli* T. 8 ' 8 ; Moan a "alls »t*
Ljfc . »*«<> tor Syda<?y Wed-
Favorite Line Round the World, vJa Hawaii
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez!
England, etc.: $8!0 first class.
KO. WHECKCU I4 BROS. CO.. Arts.. 114 Monomer,
?W 7. foot Ptcific St. Freight 05c?. 327 Market St
COXPABNIX CSKESALE THAHSATLASTIQTO.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAttlS.
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 1, 1599. at -**«» H Prv.
10 a. m.. frcm Pter «. North River, foot ot
Morton st. La AQUITAINE. Jan. IS: LA GA3-
COGNE. Jan. 15; LA NORMAXDIE. F«b lj
LA BRETAGNE. Feb. 8. First-class to Havre*
WO and upward: S p«r c»nt reduction on roU«<i
trip. Bacond class to Havre. »45: S per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL ACEWT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA 31
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J
F. FUOAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast Aceata. k
Montgomery aye...San Francisco. '
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
2SCENES IN BELEAGUERED LADYSMITH.
WARREN CROSSES
TUGELA RIVER
+ - - - +
+ t LONDON, Jan. 15.— A spe- +
+ cial dispatch from Cape -f
+ Town, dated Friday, January +
+¦ 12, evening, announces that +
+ General Warren has crossed .+
+ the Tugela River. -f
+ ?
++ + -{. +++ + + + + + <*, +++ + ?
rations of critical importance are going
on. The mystery is further deepened by
a dispatch from Boer headquarters,
which, although Issued on Thursday last,
makes no mention of General Buller's
flanking movement in the direction of
Potgleters Drift. It Is impossible that
this movement could not have been known
to the Boers, because It must havo been
in progress for two or three days, and
General Buller himself states . that the
Boers were intrenched four and a half
miles north of his advanced posts.
The Boers also are probably "playing
'possum." There is a delightfully naive
affectation of perplexity In the conclud
ing statement of tho dispatch, that the
object of the British Is conjectured, but
Is by no means clear.
Tho statement that Ladysmith has been
firing rockets during the two. nights pre
ceding Buller's advance is also puzzling.
General French appears to have work
ed around the Boer flank. He is said to
have 4000 Boers surrounded. ,but unless ho
has been very much strengthened this
must be a risky game. ' . ,
FIGHTING RENEWED ON
LADYSMITH OUTPOSTS
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
NEW YORK. 'Jan. 15.— The Journal
prints the following, which it asserts Is"
the first news of a hitherto Unrecorded
fight:
LADYSMITH. Jan. 11.— No further Boer
movements to attack us havo been made
since Saturday, when they evidently had
enough. • -
There was a slight brush' early, this
morning on the outposts. The attack on
tho hill was a close call and resulted In
a severe addition to the Caesar Camp
losses. Relief is evidently expected soon,
as the garrison rations have been In
creased.
FRENCH'S ATTEMPT TO
FLANK THE BOERS
Special Dispatch to Th© Call
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— The Journal has
the following from Rensberg, dated Jan
uary 12: General French has succeeded In
temporarily getting behind the Boers,
cutting off the possibilities of retreat. A
small detachment of carbineers recon
noitered the enemy's flank and discovered
the enemy 800 strong In a. laager five
miles to the southeast of Stormberg. The
British scouts retired and are safe. Col
onel Porter followed In a reconnoissance
with a force of the Household Cavalry
and a New Zealand contingent with four
guns and succeeded In occupying Slingers
fontein, ilvo miles to the east or the
enemy's position, and five miles from
NorvaJs Pont. The Boers discovered the
movement and made a vigorous attack,
but the British guns forced them to re
tire.
Simultaneously another British battery
advanced to the plain to a point near the
railroad connecting Colesberg and Rens
berg. The Boer guns, however, proved an
overmatch for tho British, both In range
and accuracy, the latter being forced to
retire, having several horses killed.
Special Cab!e to The Call and New York Her
nlJ. Copyrighted. 1S0O, by James Gordon
Ecrinett.
LONDON. Jan. 13.— Although there I3
every reason to suppose that fight
ing is proceeding: upon the line of
the Tuge'.a River, no report has
been allowed to come through since
General Ruller's statement of his
arrival at Potgieters Drift.
In connection with this general move
ment General Sir Charles Warren, either
on Thursday or Friday, moved with about
11.000 men In the direction of Weenen,
which would give color to the view that
both flanks of the. Boer army are being
threatened as a preliminary to a deter
mined advance on Mount Inhlawe, to the
east.
Colenso. upon the southern bank of the
Tugela, must be cleared of the Boer force
which has been holding It, since other
wise this force might be able to threaten
the British line of communications.
It is quite possible that Warren will co
operate in the attack on this mountain.
Now that the Tugela is running at flood
the time Is favorable, as it will be difficult
for the Boers to reinforce their position
south of the river except by a pontoon
bridge, which is believed to have been
constructed. In the absence of any official
news the War Office Is remaining ob
durately silent.
London yesterday was full of rumors.
It was freely reported that engagements
had taken place at three different points
along the extended Boer lines. As a mat
ter of conjecture this may be correct, for
there is reason to . suppose ' that Borne
movement was made against Colenso sim
ultaneously with the seizure of Potgietcrs
Drift.
It is quite possible also that an attempt
to flank the Boers may be mado on both
the east and west, but the ground on fhe
east is more difficult than that toward
Springfield, and to make a wide detour in
the direction of Wecnen would necessarily
require a large amount of transport.
If fighting really occurred at three
points yesterday or Saturday they would
most likely be Mount Hlangwana, Colenso
and some spot north of Potgleters Drift,
marking a step In that process of envel
oping the Boers, to which General Buller
is obviously committed.
In this connection a dispatch to the
Daily Telegraph from Frcre, dated
Wednesday, the day before active opera
tions began, in which the correspondent
looks forward to some decisive event and
was making preparations to take up a
wagon load of luxuries for the troops at
Ladysmlth, clearly indicates that at Frcre
It was unOerstood that the British at
tempt to relieve Ladysmith was about to
be made.
A brief dispatch from Lord Roberts, the
first the new commander-In-chlef has
sent, which the War Office issued at mid
night, tends to puzzle the public still fur
ther. It was dated Sunday, and simply
says: "No change in the situation to
day," but does not state since when there
has been no change, and there is no in
formation as to what tho situation really
has been since Tuesday.
The whole position of affairs on tho Tu
gela is enveloped In mystery, which can
onjy be understood a3 Implying that ope-
-' Correspondence of the Associated Press.
LONDON. Jan. 6.— Letters from the
soldiers fighting against the Boers
are published in largo numbers,
and in many cases are just as Inter
esting as the accounts by trained
war correspondents. A medical of
ficer under Lord Methuen, describing the
battle of Modder River, writes:
A lot of Xorth Lancashire men were hor
ribly wounded. I turned over a sergeant, black
In the face, dead. One man was brought to me
who had been struck by a shell fragment— face
mutilated, throat cut and chest lacerated. Oh.
God! The night was slckenlns— blood every
where! Very lew of our men belns wounded.
1 went out near sunset to^id the Highland
ers. They had be«n lying a\l day under the
frightful sun and their wounded were still
there. No stretcher bearers could advance, as
they were all shot at. They shouted to me to
crawl on the cround, as, though most of, the
firing was over, there were still three or four
Boers with express rlflea and explosive bul
lets, who were under cover and who kept pick
ing off our men. Some men utterly collapsed,
and all I could do was to put a. pad to their
wounds and my whisky flask to their Upa. I
then crawled back to my horse and made my
way to some ambulances two miles distant to
get their aid. I was under fire all the time,
bullets dancing around me. I felt a kind of
solemn disregard, as 1 had been exposed to dan
ger before.
In a letter written to his father from
Mooi River on November 23. an officer in
the Queen's Royal West Surrey Regiment
says:
Against an enemy like the Boers Infantry i»
useless. The Boers have spies everywhere, and
as they are well mounted they can move away
hours before our infantry can get within strik
ing distance. On the other hand, they will
never attack, and when we advance toward
Pretoria commandos will be left all over the
country-, looting and burning farms. The only
people who have a. chance with them are the
local volunteers. If the Government would only
raise about 2000 volunteers and send out a lot
of mounted Infantry who could work with the
local volunteers these Isolated Boer forces
would soon be wired out. At present we are
helpless. , as they make rings around us.
The special correspondent of the Czse
Argus thus describes a bombardment of
Kimberley:
What will probably be handed down In the
annals of history to Boer posterity as the
bombardment of Klmberely probably occurred
on Thursday. November 7. and It ever the
farcical element were introduced Into such a
serious business as war the puerile attempts
to raze Kimberley can surely claim It. The
Boers had two guns mounted, one on Scholz
Nek. trained on the Premier mine at Wesselton.
at a range of something like S5OO yards, and the
other at Spytfontein, quite 7000 yards distant.
A couple of shots were fired between 5 and 6
o'clock In the morning, but then the Boers de
sisted until 10 o'clock, when the gun at Scholz
Nek, apparently a nlne-pounder. firing a
French shell, opened fire on Wesselton. The
fire, however, proved quite harmless, nearly all
th« shots falling in the debris heaps. Our guns
at Wesselton replying, and quickly getting the
range. Induced the enemy to cease firing acJ
they cleared off about noon.
So little was thought of the Boer fire that
tho alarm was not even sounded and business
was carried on Just the same. Thus ended
tho bombardment of Klmberely. So little
alarm did it cause that the men In tha redoubts
were actually playing cricket and quoits while
It was going on.
The following is from a letter from a
reservist sergeant in the Coldstream
Guards, who is with Methuen's column.
He was at the battle of Modder River and
says:
During the afternoon some one seemed to
have si>otted me from the trenches. First a
shot struck the side of my boot and then one
struck my rifle Just In front of my face,
filling my eyes with drit and xpllnters. I rose
up a little, when another bullet struck the
middle linger of my left hand. I had got en
my Knees when a bullet struck me fair in
the chest, on the buckle of my haversack,
breaking through, and causing a slight puncture
of the skin and bruising my chest. 1 hay» been
congratulated as being the luckiest beggar la
my battalion.
From the Boer sides come reports Just
as interesting. A lad of 17 wrote to his
mother after the battle of Elands Laagte,
and the letter is published in the Journal
de Geneve, as follows:
We were on a kopje. Our horses were behind
It In a hollow. As the infantry advanced
against us we began shooting. When It looked
as If we were going to be eurrounded a certain
number of our men fell back to another posi
tion. About a hundred of us remained on the
kopje. But the fire of the Maxima and ether
puns became so violent that we withdrew a lit
tle to find cover. The general and Command
ant VHJoen rallied us and brought us back to
the top of the hill and advised us to get under
shelter there aa much a» possible. I followed
the general with a dozen others to the right
and Vlljoen led the rest to the left. The Eng
lish were still advancing and they were now
within COO yards of us. It was easy to recog
nize the kilts they were wearing. We fired
at them Incessantly. All our bullets seemed to
strike. I had not time to be afraid. I ptayed
God and fired on. aiming each time at one
of thetr men. Tou know lam not a bad shot.
Their Maxima gave us back what we sent
them without a moment's etop. A few of us.
find our position to risky, ran back to
where the horses were and rode off. I waa close
to the general and remained.
ROBERTS REPORTS NO
CHANGE AT THE FRONT
LONDON, Jan. 15.— The War Office issued at mid
night a dispatch from Field Marshal Roberts, dated Cape
Town, January 14, 8:30 p. m., saying:
"There is no change in the situation to-day."
The War Office simultaneously published the follow
ing from Lord Roberts, dated Cape Town, January 13,
3:30 p. m:
"Methuen's cavalry reconnoissance returned on January
11. It went twenty-three miles into the Free State. The
country was clear of the enemy, except patrols. All is
quiet at Modder River.
"French reconnoitered around the enemy's left flank
on January 10. He advanced from Slimungers Farm on
January 11 with cavalry and horse artillery to bombard
the Boer laager east of Colesberg Junction, but was un
able to outflank the enemy. Reconnoissance of cavalry
and mounted infantry pushed north of Bustards Nek and
examined the country north of the ridge.
"Gatacre reports no change. All was well on Decem
ber 28 at Mafeking."
Continued on Paga Seven.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1900.
London Awaiting News of a Decisive Battle on
the Tugela River-French Said to Have Sur
rnnndfid a-'Riiro'hpr Fnrp.fi
X\J lAJULvLV/ VL %M JLJ IAJL. W JJLv/JL X \J X. Vvi
Save money by buying your blankbooks,
printing arid.all office •supplies from San-
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st.
Mayor Harrison Ref uses.
CHICAGO. Jan: -14.— Mayor" Carter H.
Harrison to-day formally refused the of
fer of the Democratic nomination for
Governor. As a result of Mayor Harrison's
action., friends of former Vice President
Stevenson are urging him to accept the
nomination, j • ' ' • •
CANNONADING HEARD
TOWARD KIMBERLEY
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right, 1900, by James Gordon Bennett. Re
publlcatlon of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rights reserved In the United States and
Great Britain.]
LONDON,. Jan. 15.— The special corre
spondent of the Dally Mail sends this dis
patch: • .
. MODDER RIVER, Wednesday. Jan. 10.
—At 7 o'clock this morning distant and
heavy firing was heard to the north. The
enemy has evidently again turned his at
tention to Kimberley. It is rumored that
President Kruger is visiting Bloemfontein
with the object of giving support to
Cronje's representations in favor of at
tacking our position. ¦ • . , • • . v', ¦;.
FRENCH NOT TO BLAME
FOR ROUT OF SUFFOLKS
LONDON. Jan. 15.— A dispatch to the
Daily News from Naauwpoort. dated
January 9. describing the unfortunate
march of the Suffolk?, says:
"General French permitted the attempt
at the urgent desire of Lieutenant Colo
nel Watson. The march began at mid
r.iglu. The men wore canvas shoes, or.
failing in thesp. marched in their socks.
The ground was difficult ar.d many halts
were necessary to verify the position.
"On reaching the summit of the hill the
officers advanced over the crest to recon
nolter. The Boers, who evidently had
been warned of the movement, opened a
terrible fusillade. Captain Brctfs com
pany charged into a Boer trench, when
came an order to retire. It came In a
shout from the Boer lines and the two
rear companies, complc-tley deceived, car
ried It out.
"Of the two advance companies ninety
two were killed or wounded. Captain
Brt-tt grot his men under cover and sent a
sergeant with five men to cut his way
out and to ask the British artillery to di
rect the fire to the right, fearing that the
guns might open on him. Three men got
through with the message, but Captain
Brett was forced to surrender with his
remaining fifty-two men.
"The redoubt behind which the Boers
were lying was very high and doubly
loopholed. but absolutely unGiscoverable
exct-pt by balloon and too high to be
ttormed with, scaling ladders."
RIFLES IN THE CARGO
OF THE BUNDESRATH
Special Cable to The Cell and Xew Torfc Her
nld. Copyrighted. ISC'!), by James Gordon
Bennett.
LONDON. Jan. 15.— Rifles have been dis
covered In the cargo of the German impe
rial mail steamer Bundesrath, recently
seized off Dclagoa. Bay by a British cruis
er and taken' to Durban. The search Is
proceeding.
RECONNOISSANCES ON
FREE STATE SOIL
MODDER RIVER. Jan. 11. -General
Pabir.gton. with two regiments of Lan
cers, the Victorian Mounted Rifles and a
Lattery of horse artillery, left here on the
evening of January 7 (Sunday) and
crossed the Free State border on Tues
day.
Simultaneously other movements were
made. A column under Colonel Pilcher
went from Belmont to the south cf Gen
eral Bablngton's route, while a portion
«>f the garrisons of Klokfontein and Honey
Nest Kloof, under Major Byrne, advanced
toward Jacobsdahl. General Bablngton
Penetrated twelve mile.s and his pcouts
twenty. They saw no signs of armed
Boers. The farmhouses were found
empty, the occupants having had news of
the advance and gone further into the in
terior.
The British bivouacked at Ramdon. They
buroed three farmhouses, the property of
Lubbe. one of the Boer leaders. Tester
day they swept around southward, re
turning here to-day. Nothing was ac
complished except a reconnoissance. Colo
no! Pilcher came into touch with Ger.cral
LJabir.gton and then returned to Belmont.
Major Byrne rcconnoitered the hills
about four miles from Jacobsdahl and
haw teven hur.dred Boers.
.»
CANADA'S OFFER OF
VOLUNTEERS ACCEPTED
LONDON. Jan. 15— The Associated
Press learns that Lord I-anfdowr.e. Sec
retary of State for War, accepted on Sat
urday the offer of Lord Strathcona. Cana
dian High Commissioner In London, to
irrovide. distinct from the Canadian con
tingents, a force of at least 400 mounted
men from Manitoba, Northwest Territory
and British Columbia, and to arm. equip
end convey them to South Africa at his
own exper.se. All will be expert marks
ir.cn. rough riders and scouts.
It is r-stimatrd that the offer will Involve
en expenditure of £290.000.
ITe fired on. he as well as I. and tried t»
get cover behind three great blocks of rock,
when, a lyddite shell burst close to us and
covered us with earth and stones. The gen
eral withdrew us a little back. At this mo
ment one of my neighbors was hit In the side.
But he had strength enough to get to his horse
and galloped off. •
We were now fighting on the kopje with only
the general, and the kiltltea were still advanc
ing and crushing us in a clrcl*. At fifty yards'
distance we were still firing on them. Just
then the general fell. The group around; mt
was reduced to eight, of whom three wer»
wounded. My friend. Van Niekerke. had been
wounded In the wrist, but he kept en flrins
with his left hand, resting his gun on h!s right
arm. We could neither carry away th<» gen
eral nor defend him anj our cartridges were ex
hausted.
"What now?" asked Coghlll. while w« looked
at each ether.
One of the wounded said: "We must raise
the white flag."
Coghlll answered with a curse. The balls
whistled all around us. Something had to be
done.
"Well" gald one of the wounded— CoghlM com
pleted the phrase. "We must run for It."
"Good luck." cried the general, who was
seated on the ground, and pale as death. TV*
threw down our guns and everythins: that might
delay us and rushed down the kopie. for It was
a case of savins our own skins. Two bodies
of the advancing English troops were within "CO
yards of each other. I ran down between them
without turning my head to right or left. Th«
bullet* gave me wings. I don't think that I
ever ran so quick. I was lucky enough to p»t
in the horse 3 without being hit. I could
not find mine, but I got hold of another. Then
off I went on him and managed to get clear
of the Lancers, who were pursuing us. I
passed the night In an abandoned Kaffir kaarl
and the next morning managed t-> Join the com
mando of VHJoen. I don't know what became
of my comrades, but I hope that they were as
lucky as I was.
The Standard and Digger News glws
this picturesque account of the departure
of a commando from Pretoria:
The parade of 400 sturdy warriors of the po
lice commando excited admiration. The Afri
kander men have received their mandate from
the womenfolk, though the shadow of Elan.te
L.-iafrte hung like a pall upon the roournlns
robes of many. Venerable dames in keppes and
maids In chintz and babies of all ages, upon
whom the warriors showere.! a valedictorybenl
eon. clunc and struggled fiercely around the
carriages. Withered tantes. buxom vrou» and
frail nlohjes tumbled over each other for a
final embrace. It was admitted that no finer
or more serviceable force had been sent off.
By the time it gets to the Natal border It win
bo SCO strong. It Is under the commandant of
police. Gert M. J. Vandam. with Lieutenants
Oosthuizen. Pohlman. Murphy and Jacob**
next in command. C. D. Schutte addressed th»
men:
"Ton ar» joins to defend your rights, your
liberty and your Independence— that dearly
bought Independence God has granted you and
which U once asaln contested. Tou are not
-ulna; to fight for honor or money, or mer
cenary ambition or sordid sain."
One of the soldiers rescued from tha
wrecked transport Ismore writes:
The most satisfactory part of the whol»
business baa been the splendid behavior of aM
the troops. They were as steady and quiet a*
If we were raradlnsc in the barrack square.
Every man stood In his proprr place. There
was not the slightest confusion or hurry, and
they did exactly as they were told.
Th<?re Is not the least Joubt that It Ist owlns
to thetr splendid discipline that all were saved.
Had there been the sllshtest panic a dreadful
loss of life must have occurred, as getting th»
boats off was a most difficult business, owlna
to the heavy swell, ami when they yere launch
ed they leaked, so that half an hour's bailing
had to be done before we dared let them start.
Everythlns had to b« done by the soldiers, as
the ship's crew were all employed In trying to
put the water tight door to keep the st*a
out of the engine room. If It hod sot In thers
before the tires w»re put out a dreadful ex
plosion would have occurred, and the ship
would have been blown in half.
The Modder River battle, with its many
dramatic incidents. Its heavy losses, its
long duration, proves a never failing topic
of the war correspondent lucky enough
to have witnessed it. Julian Ralph. In
the Daily Mail, gives a lengthy and vivid
account of this engagement.
"A common reliance of the Boer." he
writes, "was upon empty gin bottles. Bot
tles still containing gin and one full bot
tle of that liquor were to be seen stuck
in the loose dirt of the trenches."
Speaking of the Boer losses, this cor
respondent declares:
First In the mind of the Boer !a the destro
to hide his dead and to lie about their num
ber It la from their own that they most de
sire* to hide the truth. The prisoners we took
all said only eizhteen had been killed, but de
serters said the loss of life was very great an.l
that In the river alone 100 were sunk with
weights For my part. I shall not be surprised
If we learn seme day that In killed alone tb»
Bders lost quite 330.
After every battle the veldt has been dotted}
with Boer horses In consequence of the custom
of bringlns two horses for each well-to-do
man and in consequence of the loss of riders
by death and wounded. But both previous
battlefield* combined showed no such number
of riderless horses a» Modder River There
were literally hundred* of them. I had lost
mine In the fl*ht. but In the flrst half hour
of the next mornln* I took my choice of four
and mlcht have- made my pick from a hundred,
saddled and bridled, before I had son* hair
over the field. _,
One word as to that phase of their warfare
which must be touched upon la Justice, la
every account we correspondents write of it.
LORD BULLER PROBABLY
HAS ENGAGED THE BOERS
EVIDENCE THAT BULLER
EXPECTS TO GET THROUGH
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by James
Gordon Bennett. Republication of this dispatch is prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.
LONDON. Jan. 15.— The Dally Telegraph publishes the following sig
nificant dispatch . from its war correspondent, Mr. Bennet Burleigh,
which, taken with General Buller's advance to Springfield and Pet
gieters Drift, seems to Indicate a determined effort to push through
to Ladysmlth:
— "FRERB CAMP, Wednesday night. Jan. 10.— On behalf of the Daily Tele
graph lam taking up a wagon-load of < little luxuries for N free distribution
among our troops in Ladysmith. The articles Include liquors for Invalids,
20.000 cigarettes and fully half as many cigars, together with Jams and
fruits. Possibly you may not hear from me during the next two days or so,
but. believe me. all will go well. The weather continues dry. All is quiet
at Colenso and Ladysmith." , ¦ > .
NOT SATISFIED
WITH THE REPLY
OF SALISBURY
England Dodging the Issue in
Respect to the Seizures of
American Flour.
Returns an Evasive Answer to Secretary Hay
and Holds to Her Position Regarding the
Right of Search.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14. -This
Government Is not nearly so
well satisfied with Great Eri- ]
tair.'s answer in respect to the
flour celsnres as earlier dis
ratchep indicated. The concessions are
far from being what was represented on
the day Embassador Ohoaie was pivrn the
IJrStish reply. The statement of the char
acter of the reply was made public In ]
London. This statement was cabled to \
the United States and printed before Em- j
basrador Choate could reach the Emba c - ;
:y and put in cipher the purport oftlic
communication ma-ie to him by Lord Sal- i
isbury.
According to the Inspired nexn Great. !
Brttaia had. with pieax-lns promptness,
peceded to the American contention that
food supplies v.-ere not contraband and
bad released the flour. Su~h information
was calculated to stimulate cordiality in j
the United States toward Great Britain,
e?-;.eoially In view <-f the fact that no such
concessions had been made in response
to the representations of the German Gov
t rnment. When Knibassador Ohoste's dis
patches came along and were translated,
however, the President and Secretary Hay
were surprised to learn the British an
*wer did not at all justify dispatches
which had been sent out from London and
which had been accepted as reliable by
the United State? Government as well as
by the people. The British answer was
not conclusive. It was rather evasive. It
was satisfactory only to the extent that
It did not directly deny the position taken
by this Government and left the way open
for further diplomatic negotiations.
lt«is a question of no small concern to
the administration that the public has
been so misled by the London dispatches,
which were evidently given unwarranted
coloring by British authority and appar
ently intended for effect upon public opin
ion in this country. The situation. is ag
gravated, too, by the fact that a resolu
tion was offered in the Senate calling for
information regarding the flour seizures
on the very day the misleading report was
sent out from London. The statement
that Great Britain had acknowledged the
justice of claims of this Government was
accepted by everybody as the end of the
affair.
From Embassader Choate's official dis
patches the incident is r.ot closed by any
means. The truth is that Great Britain
holds to a position regarding the right of
search and seizure as unsatisfactory to
the United States as to Germany. The
latest instructions to Embassador Choate
show this Government is not pleased with
the answer of Great Britain.
TALES OF WAR
FROM BRITONS
AND BURGHERS
Incidents of Battles of the War
Detailed in Letters Written
by Soldiers.
One Decribes the Bombardment of Kimberley
as Farcical, the Shells Not Doing the
Slightest Damage.
? MAJOR GENERAL SIR JOHN CHARLES ARDAGH. f
T"pon this officer, v.-ho Is director of the military Intelligences department,
headquarters of the British army, is falling the brunt of the blamo for the
lack of information as to the numbers, equipment, etc., of the Boers, which
ft Is claimed has been the main cause of the several disasters that the
British forces in the field have met with. General Ardagh is in his sixtieth
year and has had forty-one years of experience in the service, having entered
as lit-utenant of the Royal Kngineers in 1559. lie was in the Intelligence
branch of the headquarters staff from 3STC to 18S1. and then sent on special
service of much importance to Turkey. As major he went through the cam
paign of ISE2. including the battle of Tel-El-Ivebir. and won mention in the
dispatches and brevet of lieutenant colonel, with the Egyptian medal and
the Khedive's Star. Again with Sir Gerald Graham in the Soudan campaign
as commanding engineer and D. A. Q. 11. G. in the intelligence department
h<» twice won mention in the dispatches and the C. B. with two additional
clasps to his Egyptian medal. In the Khartoum relief expedition he com
manded the base at Cairo, and again won mention, with the brevet of
colonel. In lfcSs he again won mention for the sixth time in the action at
GirJss on the Upper Nile. In JBS7 he was colonel on the start in Egypt,
then pri\'&te secretary to the Viceroy of India and later aid de camp to the
commander in chief. In 1525 he was made commandant of the Military
School of Engineering, one of the most honorable and best prizes that one
of hi 3 service can reach.
Binre April, litfG, he has been in the all-important office that he now holds,
and it is a matter of no small surprise and regret to his friends and the
public generally that anything should have been allowed by him to occur
tending to cast a shadow on the close of hla long and brilliant career.
3ADVEBTISXiIENTa
always leaves the lungs
weak. Weak lungs arc
breeding grounds for the
germs that cause consump-
tion. Chronic bronchitis also
often follows pneumonia.
If you have had pneumonia,
the germs of consumption
arc at work. Don't let
them get a foothold. Be<*in
at once and take
SCOTT'S EMULSION;
it will drive out the germs
by making the lungs stronger
than they arc.
iac Mad % t 00, tU drttQbfe
Dr. Jordan's prophecy that the British empire will
go to pieces within a century is safe in one respect
at least — no one old enough to pay attention to
it will live long enough to find out if it be false.
Boats designated by numbers 1. 2 and
13 were bi;ilt by Palmer and fitted with
Reed boilers; boats numbered 3. 4, 5, 9. io.
11. 12 and 11 were built at Barrows, Laird
and Clydebank. and have Normand boil
ers with modifications, while boats Nos. 6,
7 and 8 were built by Thornycroft, and are
of course fitted with the well known boil-
ers from that noted builder
A woman's Idea of a serviceable hat is
one she looks well In after the novelty has
ceased to excite remark.
"Mrs. Wlnslo-tr's Soothing Syrup"
Has be«a ased for fifty ysars by mSZloas at
mothers tor their children itSHi T**d2sc wtth
perfect success. It soothes th* eh£4, softens
the cwas. allays pain, eerea Wind CoUo. rera-
lates th* Bowels and is the be*t rsaedy tor
Diarrhoeas, whether arlstas from tssthlax or
other causes. For sal* by drucslsts ta «v*ry
part of th* 'world. V* ran and ask tor Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothln« Syrup, So a bottls.
Personally Conducted Excursions.
In improTeiS wlde-restlboled Pullman tourist
•leeplrj cars Tla Santa F» Rant*. Experlesewl
excursion conductors «ccotr.;a.-y these excur-
sions to look after ta« welfar* cr passecrsrs.
To Chlearo and Kansas CJty every Sanday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To Bt. Loc;»
•very Sunday. To St. Paul every Sanday aad.
Friday. Ticket oiH.ce. C 3 Market street.
Every time a slrl srets onto a new
-wrinkle In halrdresslng she has her pic-
ture taken.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Work was formally begun on the new
Admiralty harbor works at Dover on De
cember 15, when the first block of con
crete, weighing forty tons, was laid.
The German navy estimates provide
$750,000 for reseive ammunition and money
to bepin the construction of two drydocks
at Wilhelmshafen and one dock at
Danzig.
The British torpedo-boat destroyer
Earnest recently grounded at Tangier,
and after having got off managed to do
21 knots easily, with one engine and two
after-boilers.
The Deutche Flottenverein, which cor
responds to the British Navy League, has
Just issued its first annual. The book
contains matters relating to the navy and
merchant marine of all countries and has
plans of naval vessels drawn to a scale
of 1.1000. The apparent chief object of Its
publication is to show the necessity for
a larger increase of the German navy.
The Nljo, torpedo-boat destroyer built
for Japan, was launched, with steam up,
from the Yarrow yards December 16 last.
Two days later the boat had a prelimi
nary trial and made 31.206 knots, and on
the 21st the official three hours 1 trial at
sea came off, during which she averaged
31.15 knots, with an air pressure of les3
than one Inch. The boat carried a load
of thirty-five tons.
The Italian navy will be augmented dur
ing the present year by the commissioning
of the battleship Ammiraglio di St. Bon,
the armored cruisers Varesa, Vettor
Plsani. Garibaldi and torpedo cruisers
Agordat and Coatlt, besides six torpedo
boat destroyers and several torpedo-boats.
Work will be hurried on the battleships
Reglna Margherita and Ammiraglio Brin,
now in course of construction, and plans
are nearly completed for six cruisers of
one type.
A trial of the 5-lnch armor for the Rus
sian battleship Retvlzan. building at Phil
adelphia, gave very satisfactory results.
The plate was backed by twelve inches of
oak, behind which were two flve-elghths
inch skin plates, and the projectile used
was a 5-lnch shell weighing fifty pounds.
Five shots were fired with velocities rang
ing from 2057 to 2099 foot seconds, giving
blows varying from 1466 to 1327 foot tons,
and none of the shells penetrated the
plate more than two inches and the heav
iest blow dishing it not to exceed one
quarter inch. The plate was made by the
new Krupp process.
The British Admiralty has discontinued
the use of training ships fitted with sails,
and substituted modern cruisers without
sail power. This action has, of course,
aroused naval officers to give vent to their
feelings and opinions regarding the merits
of the training system under the old and
the new plan. The London Times of last
month contained columns of views ex
pressed, the older officers generally disap
proving of the new system, but Admirals
Hopkins and Erskin evidently realize that
with the departure from old fighting
methods, steam having supplanted sail,
etc.. a different system of training Is
needed. Admiral Hopkins thus expresses
himself: "Seamanship as understood by
the handling of a ship under sail has gone
by the boards, and the training of a few
officers and men for short periods In a
Townsend's Cal. giaca fruits, 50c R>, at
735 Market St.. will move tack In Febru-
ary to Palace Hotel, 633 Marke-c st. •
INDOOR DRESS.
The dress represented Is of mauve lib
erty velvet, covered with mousseline de
sole to match. The corsage is a bolero,
fastening at the side. The half-sleeves
are in muslin and lace. The tunic is of
muslin, showing the velvet skirt, which
is tight In the upper part. The scarf
across the bolero Is of muslin and the
waistband of mauve satin ribbon.
ripped steamer will never restore the lost
art." In the United States navy opinions
differ amons officers as to the merits of
sailing-ship training and practical ex
perience to be gained in a modern vessel.
A sailing training ship, the Chesapeake,
has just been built, and the Navy Depart
ment has recommended the construction
of two vessels with auxiliary sail and
steam power for training purposes.
Fourteen torpedo-boat destroyers were
added to the British navy last year. They
were all of the 30-knot class and ranged
from 300 to 224 tons. Their trials were a
continuous run of three hours under full
power to establish their speed, and a run
also under full power to ascertain their
coal consumption. The names of the
boats, with average horsepower, speed
and coal consumption, are as follows:
mora than enough to go out. The ccuat
is cards, spades, big casino, little casino
and aces. If in a game A has 4 points to
make and B has a like number of points
to make, and A gets cards and two aces
and B pets spaces, big casino anci two
aces, a third player geitlnar little casino,
A. by reason of holding cards, counts first
and having more than enough goes out.
A MORTGAGE— J. 8.. City. A mort
gage executed In this Stats for one year
would run four years after it because due
before the statute of limitations wouid
b« a bar to an action. In case there was
no payment of the mortgage and no ac
tlcn was commenced to foreclose within
the time allowed by law an action ought
to bo brought to Quiet title, to make the
record clear.
NOT FOR A QUARTER— M. F.. Reno.
Nev. You have evidently been misin
formed as to a premium beirg offered for
a Quarter of 1534 with the letter "S" upon
It. It is for a dime of that data minted
in San Francisco that a premium of $5 is
offered. There were but twenty-four of
such coined and all but one are accounted
for. Th« Quarter of IS&4 minted at Saa
Francisco la cot classed as a premium
coin.
KILLED OR WOUNDED— Subscriber.
City. If you desire to kr:ow the cane of
any ofScer or enlisted man killed or
wounded at the Philippines at any time
since the occupancy by the American
troops, address a communication to the
War Office. Washington. D. C. giving
name, regiment and company in which
the party was about whom you see'u In
formation. The Information will be for
warded to you.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. B. Muir of Ukiah Is at the Grand-
Judge John F. Davis of Jackson is at
the Palace.
C. H. Schlveley, a banker of Ororille, Is
at the Grand.
W. H. Halton. a Modesto attorney, is a
guest at the Lick.
George Brown, a mining man of Jack
son, is at the Russ.
J. M. Canty, a rancher of Grayson, is
stopping at the Lick.
Sam Frankenheimer, a merchant of
Stockton, Is at the California.
Dr. M. Spitta of Bremen arrived last
night and is stopping at the California.
Dr. M. S. Taylor of Livermore. accom
panied by his wife, has registered at the
Palace.
L. Moore, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Castle and
Mrs. Mary E. Tenny of Honolulu are reg
istered at the Occidental.
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin Club
arrived last night after a trip throughout
the State. . They are temporarily stop
ping at the Occidental.
J. F. Sanders, the well-known Colorado
mining man. arrived In thin city yesterday
and is stopping at the Palace. He Is ac
companied, by his wife.
Louis James, Mrs Hendrlcks, Miss
Kathryn Kidder. Miss Singer and Mr. and
Mrs. Charles B. Hanford. all of the
Jaraes-Kidder company, are stopping at
the Occidental.
MONDAY JANUARY 15, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Cemmuncaticns to VV. S. LEAKE, Manager
ITBLICATIOX OFFICE. .Market and TUlrd, S. F.
Telephone Main ISOS.
EDITORIAL ItOOMS. . • .217 to 221 SleTeaion St.
Telephone Main 1b74.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent" Per "Weelc
Mngle Copies, 5 Cent*.
Termi t>y Mall. Including Pottagci
DAILY CALL (Including; Sunday), one yc-nr. . ?*».Oli
DAILY CALL (Including; Sunday), it months.. 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months. . 1.r.0
DAILY CALL. — Ur Slnsrle Month 65a
MMJAV CALL One Year IJBO
tt*BCKLV CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded vrhen reauested
OAKLA.MJ OFFICE DOS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
V.innsi r I'oreiyn Aihrrti«ini;, Mnrquette Ilaiitl-
Idk, Chicago.
SEW YORK CORRESrOXDEXTt
C. C. CAULTON Herald Square
SEW YORK KEI'UKSEXTATIVEI
:;;uii\ LCKESS JR S9 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STAKDSI
Sherman Ilonnet I*. O. \ew» Co.; <>reat Xorth
eru Hotel; Fri-mon( House; Auditorium Hotel.
KEU' YORK SEWS STAXDSt
Waldorf- Vntorla Hotel; A. Drentano. 31 Union
$Qaares Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C.) OFFlCE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
UKA\rii OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, corner of i
« lay. open until l»:3O o'clock.. 3<M> Hayea. t
opeu or. til :>::•> o'clock, t»3i> McAllister, open |
until ;«.;><> o'clock. <>;.' L«rkin. open until j
:•::'.' o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until I<> j
o'clock. --•.. Market, corner Sixteenth, open j
until :« o'clock. !<•:•<; Valencia, open until O j
o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until :» o'clock. !
X\V, corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, j
oprn until '.' o'clock.
i ¦ I
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrteuca — VauieV.ll*.
Columbia— "A Winter 1 * T*J«."
California— "Tie Countee» Gucki."
Tlvoll— "The idoVu Ey«-"
Ora.n3 Op«ra.-house — "Don Cacs&r of Irua."
Grs^ii Opera-HwUse — Symphony Ccacen Thursday alteraocn,
J*r.uar> is.
Alhambra— "A Hot Old Time."
..._: — "Ltiy Wlsifrstrs'i Fta."
Ch«;e«. Zoo aril Xbemtcr— Vaudeville every aftemoca and
C. NTrpljL. core«- Mason aa>s Eli's streets— Srecla'tlea,
Ps-r-crana. Bartle cf Manila Bay. Market street, near
Shercxa-C.aj- Kail— Scrjr Recital. Monday eresisi, Janu-
VTcKtem Tirrf Assoc!atic>r.— Races to-daT.
AUCTION SALES
LABOR IN HAWAII.
pi^OLLOWIXG close upon introduction of the
j bill to erect a territory in Hawaii comes a labor
report submitted by Harold Sewall, ,the spe
cial agent of the United States at Hawaii.
We have no light on Mr. Sewall's functions, nor
what is expected of a special agent of this country in
Hawaii, but this report is of the deepest interest to
American labor and to American employers. His
conclusions are in favor of contract labor. He says
that the ordinary manual labor there is performed
by unskilled workmen, contract and free, divided by
nationalities among the Japanese, Chinese, Portu
guese, Italians, Hungarians and Hawaiians. He de
nounces free labor as fluctuating and uncertain; be
ing free to work or not, the free laborer may be here
to-day and there to-morrow, always shifting about.
He reports that while free men receive more
per day than contract men, they are always liable to
be discharged at a moment's notice, and their posi
tion is precarious because distrust between employer
and employed is mutual. The naivete of this state
ment is amusing. Very naturally a free laborer dis
charged at a moment's notice when his employer
can replace him by bond labor is likely to be shifty,
here to-day and there to-morrow. Very naturally,
too, he may distrust an employer who hires him only
under necessity, to discharge him and take a bondman
in his place as soon as he can get one.
Any American sees at a glance that the purpose
and tendency of uncertain employment of free men
are to force them to become bondmen. Mr. Sewall
then proceeds to portray the happier condition of
the bondmen. They get 50 cents a day and
arc bound for three years. Women get 25 cents
a / day, and only time actually spent in labor
is paid for. Xo pay is given during disability
by sickness or other cause. The plantation time
keeper registers each one's time accurately and
all are paid by his roll. An overseer leads them out
in gangs in the morning and gives the signal to be
gin and to cease work. Mr. Sewall says his busi
ness is to "stimulate the lazy"; whether this is done
by a club or by persuasion is not specified.
The special agent says these contract laborers are
happy. The mother takes her baby to the field with
her, which is surely a privilege to be prized. Some
times, he admits, there are outbreaks when thump
ing on a tin pan calls the noisy crowd together. The
cause is usually the beating of some laborer by the
overseer. These difficulties, however, are usually
settled by a little tact and work is resumed. He
admits that these bondmen sometimes desert. To
use his own language: "Accumulated debt is a pro
lific cause for desertion and pure laziness is another.
These and the prospect of better wages entice many
away from their contract master."
Mr. Sewall (rives- in detail the process of getting
By Chase & Mer.ier>.a:i— Tuesiay. Jarr-iary 16. at 11 o"clock.
UUrh-c'.a:-!? Roadsters s.r.a Trotters, at 3TSI Market street.
By Turkitb Kup Co.— Thursday. January :«. it U a. c. ari
1 ;. n.. Turk.yfa Kjc?. at H.> Stfvkti-n ftrftt.
i contract laborers. The principal importations are
I from Japan. All who present themselves as bond
men undergo a rigid physical examination, as the
planters desire no weaklings. If sound and heaithy
the laborer is received by the immigration company
and is sent to Hawaii, "in better style than he could
command if he were free." On landing, his photo
graph is taken to identify him if he run away. This
is doubtless also set down as a luxury. If single men
| they are quartered in barracks with from six to forty
in a room. A Japanese family is furnished "with a
! small rcom."
The report is fall of great interest. It is plainly in
spired by what is intended as the settled policy of
employers in Hawaii. Having already 61,000 coolies
I imported since annexation, they seem indifferent to
I the impression made in the United States by use of
) the terms "free labor," "bond labor" and "master."
It is evident that besides the master's preference
j for bond labor, which makes the employment of free
' labor precarious, the physical conditions, the vertical
] sun, the tropical climate, indispose men to work when
I they are free to refuse, and they are reliable at labor
I only when under some form of compulsion. This
i report is made and published in Washington at this
time to aid the contention of the masters in Hawaii
that they must have coolie bond labor or they can
• have none. They have perfect confidence that Mr.
i Sewal] represents the intentions of the United States,
! fo.- is he not special agent!
But what have American laborers and employers
!to say about it? Taking the case of employers who i
; are producing beet sugar in competition with cane
I sugar, how can they compete with employers in the
'i tropics who paj- 50 cents a day to men and 25 cents
I to women and dock for storms and sickness or other
i causes of idleness? As labor cost enters vitally into
j the production of beet sugar and cane sugar, how
can the American employer hope to pay the difler
; ence in wages between the American and Hawaiian
i scsle and make a profit?
Turning to the laborer's side of it, every pound
of product of Hawaiian bond labor displaces a pound
i of product of American free labor, and therefore dis
j places free labor. As far as employer and laborer
j are both concerned there are two remedies. One is
the extension of American iabor laws, anti-contract,
eipht-hour day and all, to Hawaii. The other is 50
cents a day for the American laborer and 25 cents for
his wife, with the privilege of taking her baby into
the field with her.
The Call had a most intimate knowledge of Ha
waiian conditions, and knew the effect of a vertical
sun and tropical conditions upon white men and pub
lished them before annexation. We warned the peo
ple of just what appears in Special Agent Sewall's
j official report. But certain American newspapers
were then dilating on the "Paradise of the Pacific"
and pointing American laborers to vineclad cottages,
in eternal summer, under the palm groves of Maui.
i They had their way. The annexationists prevailed,
and the cottage and American labor and wages have
become a dissolving picture, and in their place is the
j hard reality of bond libor sen-ing a "master." com
t pellcd by an overseer, and getting 50 cents a day when
j not docked for leaving a stint unfinished.
We now desire to say that as Special Agent Sexvall
i reports the labor situation in Hawaii, so it will be
j in the Philippines. Porto Rico, Cuba and even' square
inch of tropical territory we buy or steal. Nature
is not fickle and her laws are fixed. There has never
j been any highly productive labor in the tropics cx
j cept bond labor; none work there except on com
pulsion, and we enter the tropics with the employer
as a master and labor as a bondman, to be urged by
the whip and killed on revolt.
Every odd lot has got to go. vv^fv^
The new building most completed. The opening drawing %ft
v§sgM near. No time now for old-time prices.
$§§77 Look at this list for to-day: ilP^x;
\&&/j 160 iV.cquette Rugs, 54 inches long, the $2.50 ones, ready at - $1.50 each \^//%
tf{ssy 30 rolls Axminster Carpets, the 5^50 kind, ready at $1.00 yard \y&
15 rolls Velvet Carpets, the $1.50 kind, ready at — - 90c yard ts«^
tega 2I ro 'l s Linoleum, for the kitchen, was 50c, your pick 35c yard \yy*,
uc« 60 rolls Stinson's Tapestry Carpets, the 51.25 favorite .' 80c yard )6y&
§§S 23 Golden Oak Chiffoniers, the $13-50 kind, to clean up at $10 50 each I^SSS
8 Swell Little China Closets, the $25.00 ones, for you at $18.50 each fffib
Kg& 11 Ladies' Writing Desks, neat as wax, your pick at _ $4.75 each t^<\\
||ai A hundred things we didn't tell of — for instance. 20 Kitchen Stoves i^sS?"
yffil at 50 per cent saving, owing to our fight with the stove combine. £7/$/
How will I get to this big Home Store? J§>i^
y^>^yy^ Take Fllliacre. Mission cr yellow K*-arr,y- lsyCt^&/!/
\ZZ///A\ s-treet cars direct to the door. Va>ar:a (blue jk^WS\js
SK§<sjJvO\ Market-street car) to Sixteenth s:re»t. The /\y%&S§sJ/ 1
oVsSj^jSSA stcre occupies three acres, so you car.mt m!§s Jvvy//v\vsosv^
mk§S/7V\vnN^ It- Come early to-day. Open Saturday evsntags. H^yvT^W^
y||s^ Pattosien's, corner 16th and Mission Sts. /^^^^
war, however, that is puzzling to the veterans of our
Civil War, and they are continually asking explana
tions of it. .
The cause of surprise is that the advance on either
side should be stopped by such a comparatively small
loss as is reported in the dispatches from the British
or such as come from Pretoria. Why should Buller
abandon an attack upon the Boer positions when his
loss in killed, wounded and missing all told did not
exceed 1000? Why should the Boers after a victory
in which their loss was comparatively trifling remain
in their intrenchments instead of profiting by the
British demoralization, and by an advance in force
all along the line turn the repulse into a decisive vic
tory?
By way of illustrating the difference between the
method of fighting during our Civil War and that
which now prevails on both sides in South Africa
statistics have been compiled and published in con
siderable numbers. They shdw that Americans
stormed heights fully, as formidable as those which
confront Buller or Methuen, and did not deem them
selves whipped on either side until the losses were
really so heavy as to make further effort useless.
Some of these statistics, compiled by a correspondent
of the New York Sun, are particularly instructive on
the point.
The writer, who quotes his figures from the records
of the War Department, says:
In one action one Union regiment lost S2 per cent.
Three Union regiments lost between 70 and 80 per
cent.
Seventeen Union regiments lost between 60 and 70
per cent.
Forty-one Union regiments lost between B0 and 60
per cent.
These numbers are all taken from the muster rolls
on file in the War Department, where each man is ac
counted for by name.
The severest loss was by a Confederate regiment at
Gettysburg, 720 out of 800 men, or 90 per cent.
Another lost in one battle 82 per cent.
Three lost in one battle between 60 ai\A 70 per cent.
Nine lost in one battle between B0 and 60 per cent.
Twenty-nine lost In one battle over 50 per cent
That was fighting. It was war in earnest. It is
never safe to charge whole armies with cowardice,
and both the British and the Boers have long since
established a reputation for valor. It is safe to say,
however, that if Grant and his men had undertaken
to relieve Ladysmith they would never have turned
back from Tugela River after a loss of less than one
man out of twenty, and that if Lee and his army had
been in the place of the Boers on that day they would
never have permitted a retreating foe to get away
without a countercharge to hurry them in their going.
By effecting an organization for co-operative pur
poses, the fruit growers may not devise a means for
owning the earth, but they will at least keep them
selves from being crowded off it
A PUZZLER TO AMERICANS
OWING to the distance from us of the war in
South Africa and the rigid censorship exer
cised over- all reports sent out from the front
it has been impossible to form a clear idea of the dif
ficulties with which each side has had to contend. It
is known that the British have not been able to ad
vance to the relief of the beleaguered garrisons, and
that the Boers when victorious in repulsing the Brit
ish have never ventured to follow up the victory.
There may be good and sufficient reasons for this
hesitation on each side, and judicious critics, in the
absence of fuller information, will not undertake to
condemn the inaction. There is one feature of the
HOTEI. DEL. COROXADO— Taks advantats
of tN> round-trip tickets. Now caly $6) by
steamship, incladtax fifteen days* board at ho-
tel; longer stay. $3 00 per day. Apply at 4 Xrw
Moctrcmery street. San Francisco.
Tnev Fastest Train Across the Ccnti-
nent.
Tha California Limited. Santa Xs Rotsta.
Connecting train leaves i p. in.. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Batnrday. F!ae»t
equipped train and best track cf asy 11ns to
the East. Ticket vtOem. C 3 Ilarkvt str**t.
Selling depot for "Waterman Fountain
Pens and Koh-1-noor Pencils. Sanbora.
Vall & Co. •
Special information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 810 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
A SLIGHT LULL IN TRADE
EASIER monetary conditions prevailed last
week. The Bank of England reduced its rate
of discount from 6 to 5 per cent and the Bank of
France reduced its rate to 4 per cent, these reductions
showing a relaxing money market in both countries.
In JCew York more disposition to put out funds was
shown, but borrowers were indifferent and inclined to
hold ofl for better rules. The cause of the relaxation
:n New York was the return of $4,000,000 from the
tnteric r, further deposits by the Treasury and more
liquidation in speculative stocks, while the banks re
p :ui zr. --crease in commercial loans.
There was another marked feature last week. The
: ::?':: :o buy goods, which characterized trade through
1 ct the whole calendar year of 1599, with the excep
tion of one brief lull, seemed to have subsided. The
:'ac: is. prices are so high that merchants are becom
ing cautious about ordering ahead. This is especially
the case in woolens, cottons and boots and shoes. The
raw material is so dear that the manufacturers arc
arable to corr.e out even on their product without
further advancing quotations, and the opinion is
growing that the public cannot stand much more ad
vance without a corresponding increase in wages, etc.
This condition resulted in quieter markets for wool,
cotton, hides and leather end a number of ininor lines.
But while clothing goods are quieter and less firm
there has been a radical improvement in many food
stuffs. Provisions have gone up freely at Western
markets in consequence of a growing scarcity in hogs,
cofTee has alfo advanced, oxring to the outbreak
of the bubonic plague in Brsril. But the general ten
dency of the week was toward quieter markets all
around. This is shown by the country's bank clear
ings, which decreased 3.5 per cent from the corre
sponding week last year. P.ut the failures decreased,
: umbering 274. against 318 last year. The cereal
markets continue disappointing. Wheat still declines,
though slowly, and the shipments of wheat and flour
from Atlantic ports are the lightest for several years.
In fact, corn is the only cereal to exhibit any strength.
As for wheat, the prospects are so good and stocks
so larpe that even an occasional rumor of the fall of
Ladysrr.ith or some disaster to the British arms else
where has thus :ar produced no effect on the "market
other than a dry smile on the faces of operators
On this coast the situation is featureless. A week of
dry weather, accompanied with north winds here and
there, has fr:ven the ground a chance to dry out some
¦vhat, and farming operations have been renewed in
light soils en hieh land. All reports from the interior
point to large crops of fruit and grain this year, bar
ring the spring setbacks, which do not always occur.
*!or.ey is in abundant supply and the tendency in in
terest rates is downward, while solvent borrowers can
get ioar.s anywhere. Collections are as good as they
ever fret, and 3ocal merchant* report a large business
in most lines. Provisions are leading st the moment,
:r. sympathy with the Western markets, and cereals
are frzll. as in other parts of the world. There is 3
very fair demand for spring goods of various descrip
tions, and no complaints are heard from any quarter.
The demand for fruit trees is reported very large by
the nurseries, ard prices for most varieties have been
nnteriafly advanced. This does not look as if Cali
fornia orchards were losing money, and, indeed, the
fruit grower probably made more raonev last year
than any other producer in the State.
THE HEPBURN CANAL BILL.
S~^ RATIFYING indeed is the report from Wash
( I ingcon that the House Committee on Inter
—* state and Foreign Commerce has ordered a
favorable report on the Hepburn bill for the construc
tion of the Nicaragua canal. From the strength of
the lobby which opposed any action on the measure
at this session of Congress it was feared that the bill
would not even come up for consideration, and that
the whole issue would be postponed until the report
of the Isthmian Canal Commission, which will not be
for a year at least. The action of the committee ren
ders it certain that the friends of the measure will
make an* earnest contest in its favor and by forcing
a debate will put Congressmen on record. Thus, if
the bill be not passed, people will at least know the
reason why.
It is well known that for some time past the
Panama Canal Company of France has been trying
to induce the United States Government to take up
that scheme instead of constructing a canal across
Nicaragua. A "campaign of education" has been
vigorously conducted in the interest of the scheme.
Some of the most influential papers in the country
have either given it a direct support or have opposed
the undertaking of the Nicaragua canal until the
Panama route should have been considered. The
recent organization of the Panama Canal Company of
America was an important step in the direction of
carrying that scheme to success. The prestige which
it had already acquired is vast, and should the pro
moters of it succeed in getting the Commissioners of
the Isthmian Canal Commission to show any kind of
favor whatever toward the Panama route we should
probably have a controversy that would divide the
advocates of the canal enterprise into two camps, one
favoring the Panama route and one the Nicaragua
route." That antagonism would of course entail long
delay and might defeat the measure for years to
come.
The bill as reported provides for a canal which shall
be wholly under the control of the United States Gov
ernment. Section I authorizes the President of the
United States to acquire from Costa Rica and Nicar
agua the control of such portions of their territory as
may be desirable "on which to excavate, construct
and defend a canal of such depth and capacity as will
be sufficient for the movement of ships of the great
est tonnage and draft now in use from a point near
Greytown, on the Caribbean Sea, via Lake Nicar
agua to Brito, on the Pacific Coast." Section 2 pro
vides that when the President has obtained control
over the territory he shall direct the Secretary of War
to excavate and construct the canal, and the final sec
tion provides that the sum of one hundred and forty
millions of dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, be appropriated for the completion of the
It will be seen that the provisions secure about
all that has been contended for. They provide for a
canal owned by our Government, constructed by it,
and wholly under its control. The bill eliminates all
fear that the canal might be under the control of cor
porations or that the enterprise might be used for
the purpose of obtaining subsidies for a syndicate
of promoters.
Of course approval by the committee is far from
being approval by the House. The battle has not
been won. All that has been attained is success in
the preliminary skirmish.
The opponents of the measure are numerous and
strong, nor do they lack for specious arguments to de
fend their cause. It is always easy to find good rea
sons for delay. In this case it will be urged that since
an Isthmian Canal Commission has been appointed to
examine all the routes and make a report, it would
be best to delay action until they have completed
their investigations of the comparative merits of the
different routes. The one answer to that is that the
routes have been investigated again and again by
commission after commission, and it is not at all
likely the present one can add anything of importance
to what is already known to Congress. Nothing is to
be lost, therefore, by taking the measure up at once,
but much will be gained, for the need of the canal is
pressing and the sooner we get it the greater will the
benefits be.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1900.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GOODS BY SAMPLE— C. V.. City. There
is a law that requires individuals who sell
by sample to pay a license, but it Is not
enforced.
CONSUL. AT COLOGNTW. S., Sacra
mento, Cal. John A. Barnes is the United
States Consul at Colojme. Germany. To
write to him on any subject address hln
by his name and the title of h;« nfrw
A NATURALIZED CITIZEX-A. &
City. If a man was born In Ireland cam
to the United States and in course of time
became a citizen thereof, he would be a
r-nVt^S &t Ireland and , a cit!2en of th*
I-rlih c -i m ertcln. CCmm ° nly * r ° ken oJ « ™
THE GAME OF CASINO— H C Xleo
laus. Cal. Ie playing casino the players
either csrree to count points as they make
them o~ at the end of each play. If th*
first is ncrecd upon, then on the la<t
ImIP '^ £SBB§§
MISCELLANEOUS.
If the report be tree that Kitchener is to have com
mand in South Africa ai; i that Roberts was sent out
merely to save Bu'ler the discredit of beins? super
seded by a greneral of lower rank than himself, it
would appear the British have a finer strategy in man
rtjrirjg their generals thsn in conducting the war.
In his message to the Snpermors Mayor Phelan
said the various commissions will be expected to
fairy «->ut the policy of the Mayor. Is that what the
Police CcniTnisfion is preparing to do?
The British arc bound to show they can do some
t'hir.;? — \l they caa't relieve Ladysrr.ith they can relieve
Buller.
4
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.
2
c
% NAME OF
•5 BOAT.
\
SI
ml
3 -a.
_i 1.
1 Spiteful
2;Flirt
3 ; Leopard
4 Otter
E, Bittern
6;Cysnet
".Coquette
SiCynthla
SiVulture
10 Kestrel
HlMermaid
12 Cheerful
13' Orwell
14;Leven
CSM
67^
641S
6T65
6GT7
6CT7
5517
5434
6173
6652
65TS
5912
6443
6153
13.901
50.C33
30.133
50.274
80.403
so.rrs
SO.2U
50.205
so.:tt
30.044
50.523
J0.152
«O.£SI
30.^3
J.S2
LSM
1.490
2. 450
J. 23
J.C9I
2.351
2.540
3.550
2.670
2.543
IS7O
2.033
2
c
% NAME OF
•5 BOAT.
\
SI
ml
3 -a.
_i 1.
1 Spiteful
2;Flirt
3 ; Leopard
4 Otter
E, Bittern
6;Cysnet
".Coquette
SiCynthla
SiVulture
10 Kestrel
HlMermaid
12 Cheerful
13' Orwell
14;Leven
CSM
67^
641S
6T65
6GT7
6CT7
5517
5434
6173
6652
65TS
5912
6443
6153
13.901
50.C33
30.133
50.274
80.403
so.rrs
SO.2U
50.205
so.:tt
30.044
50.523
J0.152
«O.£SI
30.^3
J.S2
LSM
1.490
2. 450
J. 23
J.C9I
2.351
2.540
3.550
2.670
2.543
IS7O
2.033rlolanus" lies in the mixed motives of th«
chief actors. Only in the c»3ps of the
two tribunes. Sinclnius and Brutus, and
of the mother and wife of Coriolanus do
we find simplicity of motive consistently
expressed; and In Volumnia— to be con
trasted with Vlrgilla— it Is true there is
much of the so-called femininely variable.
Coriolanus and Aufidlus show their real
characters only after several readings.
State University of lowa
Invitations and announcements printed
and engraved. Fine writing papers, tab-
lets and papeteries In our Stationery De-
partment. Best values. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market st. •
A Gentle Shock.
San Francisco had a gentle rock yes
terday forenoon. The shake. If such It
may be termed, occurred at 11:26^ a. re.,
and was of so light a character as to be
hardly felt except to those who were In
doors. The gentleness of the shaka may
be Imagined when the seismograph on top
of the fire alarm station on Brennan place
was not disturbed. Charles Allen, who
has charge of the seismograph, and his
assistant. Frank A. Biederman, were un
able to discover the slightest disturbance
of the Instrument In the building after
the quake had passed.
Fight on Market Street.
Harry Lawrence, a railroad man. and
another man named James Wilson had a
fight on Market street early yesterday
morning, and Lawrence pulled a revolver
out of his pocket and hit Wilson on the
head with the butt end. Inflicting a scalp
wound. When Policemen T. C. Murphy
and Say arrived on the scene Lawrerce
was flourishing the revolver and threat
ening all sorts of things. He was arrest
ed for disturbing the peace and exhibiting
a deadly weapon In a threatening man
ner. Wilson was taken to the Receiving
Hospttal. but refused to have his scalp
wound treated, and he was sent to the
prison, where a charge of disturbing the
peace was booked against him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PUBLIC UTILITIES.
Supervisor Reed Wants to Buy Spring
Valley Water Works.
At to-day's meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors Supervisor Charles Wesley Reed
will offer a resolution which will be th«
first step toward gaining to the city the
ownership of the public utilities. Mr.
Reed's resolution will provide for the pre
liminary work necessary to the purchase
of the Spring Valley Water Works or tl.e»
erection of another plant and purchasa
of a source of supply If that system
should not prove acceptable to the city.
It also provides that engineers and archi
tects be employed to draw up necessary
plans and maps and indicate where im
provements are necessary upon the Spring
Valley system. Mr. Reed's resolution has
already been considered by the board in
caucus and was passed with unanimous
approval.
ANDERSON'S VICTIM IN
A CRITICAL CONDITION
Frederick G. Bonflls May Die of His
Wound, but Henry Tammen
Will Recover.
DENVER, Jan. 14.— Frederick O. Bon
fils, one of the proprietors of the Post,
who was shot by Lawyer Anderson of this
city yesterday, is In a critical condition.
Physicians are In constant attendance at
the bedside of the Injured man. This
morning a hemorrhage of the lungs had
the effect of weakening the patient, and
to-night grave fears are entertained for
his recovery.
Harry H. Tammen. associated with Bon
flls in the proprietorship of the Post, and
who was also shot by Anderson during
the trouble that resulted in Bonflls' In
juries, Is resting easy to-night, and is in
no danger uniess complications should set
in.
W. W. Anderson, the lawyer who did
the shooting, was released last night by
District Judge C. P. Butler on habeas
corpus proceedings held In a room at the
Denver Athletic Club. His bond was fixed
at $10,000 and was Immediately furnished
by friends of Anderson.
QUARREL OVER A BODY.
Two Wives Claim the Remains of
Dr. Mahe.
SIOUX CITT, la., Jan. 14.— The remains
of Dr. Gustave Mahe, which are claimed
by two wives, was burled to-day by wife
No. 2. Although wife No. 1. In San Fran
cisco, demanded custody of the remains,
local officials decided to Issue a burial per
mit to wife No. 2, and she had charge of
the ceremonies. More sensational devel
opments are expected.
SHIP DURBRIDGE DAMAGED.
Terrifying Experience of the Crew in
a Hurricane.
LONDON. Jan. 14.-The British ship
Durbridge, which arrived at Queenstown
yesterday from Portland. Or., ran through
a hurricane on November 24. Captain Mc-
Lauchlan and five men of the crew were
injured severely; two lifeboats and the
main bridge were smashed, the skyllrht
in the cabin was stove In and the fore
castle and the cabin wore flooded. She
has other sundry damages.
Death of Dr. Turner.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 14.— Dr. Jared Turner,
a pioneer physician of this city, died to
day, aged 75 years. He came to Cali
fornia in 1543 and for many years prac
ticed medicine In Georgetown, El Dorado
County. In 1863 he came to San Jose
He was twice Coroner of Santa Clara
County.
A PROSPEROUS YEAR
Hebrew Home for Aged Disabled
Holds Annual Meeting.
The Hebrew Home for Aged Disabled
yesterday closed the most prosperous
year of its ten years of existence with its
regular annual meeting and election at
the home at 507 Lombard street. Samuel
Polack. the veteran president of the as
sociation, presided at the meeting and
opened it with the reading of an excel
lently written report. In which he re
viewed the history, tinancial and other
wise, of the home during the past year.
Miss M. Lvy read the report of the sec
retary, Mrs. M. Kaskell. and outlined tho
financial condition of the association at
the present time. Her statement showed
a balance In bank of $7251 56, a.s against
$4732 2i> at the end of the previous year.
The receipts footed up $."947 3D and the dis
bursements amounted to $3182 83. The
average cost per inmate was $203 34.
President Polack announced that thera
was room left at the home for but on©
mori' Inmate, and he recommended that
the board of directors be a:::horiZ'M to
acquire adjoining property and erect an
addition to the main building, iho whole
to cost not more than $2500. Hlls sugges
tion was Immediately adopted and the
necessary f.ctlon will "be taken.
At the election, which closed the after
noon's business, tho following director*
were elected to hold office for one ye.ir:
S. Polack. S. Abrahamson. Philip Fabian.
I. Moss. Miss Levy, Mrs. M. Kaskell. H.
Olcovlch, B. Cohen and M. Goldtree.
AGRICULTURAL EXPORTS
FROM THIS COUNTRY
About Sixty Per Cent Find a Market
in the United Kingdom and
Its Dependencies.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— Frank H.
Hitchcock, chief of the foreign markets
division of the Agricultural Department,
has prepared an Interesting collation of
figures showing for the first time the re
spective amounts of our agricultural ex
ports which go to the several countries of
Europe and of the other continents. The
period covered is 1594 to IS9S. The state
ment shows that the agricultural products
exported from the United States duting
the five years had an average annual
value of $6tJ3,535,201. Of these enormous
.exports about 60 per cent found a markot
in the United Kingdom and its various
dependencies. The sum paid by the Brit
ish people for American farm products
purchased during the period mentioned
reached as high as $403,953,854 a year.
Great Britain alone took more than one
half of all our agricultural exports, the
consignments credited to that country
forming about 55 per cent 'of the total
shipments and having an average annual
value of $362,407,701.
Germany, which ranks next to the
United Kingdom as a market for the
products of American agriculture, re
ceived about 16 per cent of the exports
for 1594-98, the average yearly value
amounting to $56,320,264.
France, with purchases that averaged
J43,958,791 a year, or about 6.6 per cent of
the total, was the third country In im
portance. These three countries— the
United Kingdom. Germany and France —
received together nearly 75 per cent of the
total agricultural exports.
After the three countries Just men
tioned The Netherlands, Belgium. Cana
da. Italy and Spain afforded the most im
portant markets.
SPORTY YOUNG MEXICAN
ARRESTED FOR BURGLARY
Presents to His Lady Friends Gifts
Identified as Stolen
Articles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 14.— Leandro Soto. a
young Mexican who has cut a wide swath
among his lady acquaintances because of
his frequent gifts of Jewelry, has been ar
rested on a charge of burglary. On Au
gust 25 last the residence of William
Wheeler on Roberts avenue was looted.
Some valuable Jewelry and a small sum
of cash were taken. The Wheeler family
and officers Identified various pieces of
the jewelry while being worn by young
Mexican ladies.
Many of these refused to tell where
they got the articles, but finally one con
fessed hers was a present from Soto. The
police claim to have evidence to convict
Soto of the Wheeler burglary, and are
endeavoring to connect him with other
robberies.
»
DIFFICULTIES AT ALVISO.
Rumor That McCann Will Surrender
His Contract.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 14.— Contractor Mc-
Cann, who has the contract for deepen
ing and widening Alviso Slough, Is meet-
Ing with all kinds of difficulties and It is
reported that he has abandoned his con
tract. The dredger, a patent of Capitalist
Jordan of Oakland, has not been made to
work since Its arrival at Alviso, a couple
of weeks ago. A large force of carpenters
have been at work since then making
changes and repairing. It is said that
Jordan and McCann have concluded It Is '
better to forfeit the bond of $10,000 than !
lose more on the work. Word has also
reached here from San Francisco in a let
ter from J. R. Freud, president of the
Merchants' Association, that It is under
stood there 1 the contract is to be aban
doned.
McCann's figure on the work was a lit
tle over $12,000. one-fourth of the Gov
ernment's appropriation of J45.000 and less
than half of the other bids. Another
rumor Is that the Bowers Dredger Com
pany of Stockton is to help out on the
contract and that McCann will try to
finish the work before the expiration of
the contract on June L
SHAKESPEARE'S EARLIEST PRINTED WORK. "VENUS AND ADONIS."
WAS INTRODUCED TO THE PUBLIC BY THE ABOVE MOST INTEREST
ING DEDICATION.
rewarded, Injustice overcome, truth tri
umphant or Jealousy self-condemned. To
the reader of literature as distinguished
from the student of literature the simpler
Interest of the matter or underlying Idea
of a play will appeal more strongly than
a historical or analytical or critical study
of the book picked up for recreation or
amusement. It might, of course, be urged
that the great writers have composed
their works primarily for readers of this
type. As readers, then, with some leisure,
willing to be Interested or amused or di
verted from the ordinary affairs of life—
as readers we should begin our acquaint
ance with such a play as "Coriolanus."
Fortunately for us, the difficulties In the
way of reading a play of Shakespeare's
a hundred years ago have been practically
cleared away. The text, at that time
more or less uncertain, ha 3 been fairly
well fixed; not that the text of to-day Is
the same as that printed in Shakespeare's
time— absolute faithfulness In this respect
would be Intolerable to the average read
er—but that the reading of the lines has
been generally decided upon. The text of
"Coriolanus" Is perhaps less satisfactory
than that of other plays originally In the
quarto editions; "Coriolanus" was not
printed until 1623 in the first folio, while
we may fairly assume that the play was
written some fourteen years earlier. The
unsatisfactory character of the text Is
doubtless due to Imperfect copy from
which the play was printed In the first
folio. The editor of the second folio (1632)
made many changes in the text— double
negatives and double comparatives, com
mon In Elizabeth's time, were changed to
fit the more logical If less historical gram
mar of modern English. Words that
seemed obsolescent to the editor of th*
second folio were changed to commoner
forms. The fifteen plays, moreover, that
had already appeared in quarto form had
been so altered In various editions as to
add to the confusion of the text.
It Is not surprising that Malone, one of
the greatest editors of Shakespeare, In
his variorum edition aimed to do little
more than establish the text. In his
preface Malone says that the two great
duties of an editor are to exhibit the
genuine text of his author and to explain
his obscurities. To Malone and his Inde
fatigable followers we are Indebted for the
clear text that may now be had almost
for the asking.
On opening "Coriolanus" one see 3 that
the characters are Roman; one recalls
other Roman characters In "Julius
Caesar" and in "Antony and Cleopatra."
These three plays naturally fall together
In the character of the matter involved.
Moreover, they are all three tragedies.
After reading the Roman historical plays
the student will find it interesting to com
pare the motives of the three, and in do-
Ing so the marked individuality of "Corio
lanus" comes out even more strongly than
in the first reading.
It is well in taking up a play to notice
the first impression given us of the chief
character. If it is of such a nature as to
excite in us opposition, the impression
may be so strong as to prevent that sym
pathy with the leading characters which
is so necessary to the force of tragedy.
In "Coriolanus," unless the reader Is
forewarned, such an Impression might be
made— ln this country, at any rate. In
the beginning of the first scene Calus
Marcius, later Coriolanus, is spoken of
by discontented citizens as a "chief
enemy to the people," "he's a very dog to
the commonalty, "let's kill him and
we'll have corn at any price." Maxclus,
when he appears before the citizens in the
same scene ([line 167) leaves no doubt In
our minds regarding his opinion of the
people— not as individuals, it should be
observed, but as a crowd, as a mob.
Read also carefully lines 172-184. From
these and the rest of the scene it is evi
dent that Marclus is not on the side of
the gossips or the demagogues. His op
position to the people as a crowd, a mob.
Is quite evident In his invectives. Yet the
very intensity of his opposition chal
lenges our Interest: we wnnder what his
point of view can be and the reasons for
It.
In striking contrast to the relations be
tween Marcius and the people appear the
relations between Marcius and the Sen
ate. When war with the Volselans is an
nounced almost the first inquiry is for
Marcius. "We are made better friends with
Marcius by his answer to Comlnius, who
is to lead the Roman forces against the
Volsclans.
Com.— "lt Is your former promise."
Mar.— "Sir. It in; and I am constant."
As they bo off Coriolanus adds: "Noble Mar
cius!"
By faithfulness to his friends and In
spite of his opposition to the people Mar
cius now starts our sympathy and the
play is fairly begun. Upon the return of
Coriolanus to Rome his name is men-
HOAR'S SPEECH WAS
READ BY FILIPINOS
Massachusetts Senator Named as the
Man Whose Words Gave Hope
to Aguinaldo.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14.— John Barrett, ex-
Minister to Slam, for the first time pub
licly named Senator Hoar last night at
Lake Forest University as the Senator
whose anti-expansion speech was cabled
to Hongkong and subsequently put in tho
hands of the Filipino soldiers, causing, as
Mr. Barrett believed, the open insurrec
tion. Frequently this speech and its pre
sumed effect have been mentioned, and
the reading public has connected the name
of Senator Hoar with it, and it is prob
able that Mr. Barrett would not have used
the lawmaker's name on this occasion had
he not been facing an audience known to
be largely hostile to the administration's
policy in the Oriental islands. It appears
further from the ex-Mlnlster's speech that
the Government has discovered privately
the stages by which the anti-expansion
address reached Luzon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.-Senator Hoar
to-night declined to take any notice of
the statements attributed to Mr. Barrett,
ex-Minister to Siam, in an address on the
Philippine question. The Senator said
that General Otis' reports gave the full
est account of the events that led to
hostilities, and that he expects, as he has
already given notice, to deal with the
whole matter In the Senate.
PROFESSORS TO FIGHT
PRESIDENT AYERS
Faculty of University of Cincinnati
Detetnnined to Oust the Execu
tive if Possible.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 14.-Thls has been a
day of anxiety among those connected
either directly or indirectly with the Uni
versity of Cincinnati. Following the
declaration of President Ayers that ihe
members of the faculty should all resign
and whereupon he would acept such res
ignations as he might select, comes a
movement on the part of the professors
to stand together, and not only refuse to
resign, but for all to quit if the trustees
at their special meeting to-morrow sus
tain the recent decree of President Ayer^.
The trustees last year before electing
President Ayers adopted a resolution giv
ing the president power to appoint mem
bers of the faculty and declare vacancies
With this power to discharge any mem
bers of the faculty no such coup d'etat
was anticipated as that of discharging all
members of the faculty at once. The pro
fessors are holding conferences, and have
not only decided to stand or fall together,
but also to imht I>r. Ayers to the lust.
One of them announced to-day:
"Every bridge has been burned. Even
if the trustees should refuse to sanction
what. has been done we would decline »o
be longer associated with Dr. Ayers. One
or the other must go."
President Ayers refused to say anything
In advance of the meeting of the board
to-morrow. The students, members of the
alumni and others have been industriously
conferring to-day with the trustees re
garding the crisis.
PONIATOWSKI'S PURCHASE.
Secures the San Mateo Electric Light
Plant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN MATEO, Jan. 14.— Prince Ponla
towski has purchased the San Mateo elec
tric light plant In Its entirety from the
stockholders of the company and will op
erate it until such time as his gigantic
power transmission line from the Blue
Lakes is completed, after which it will be
discontinued and supplanted by the new
line.
The increasing demand for light and
power for motors in San Mateo and vicin
ity has taxed the present works to their
extreme capacity and additional machin
ery would have been required in the near
future to supply the growing needs of the
consumers in this county not alone for
lights, but also pumps for Irrigating pur
poses, driven by motors.
The acquisition of these works is good
evidence that the great power scheme is
not a mythical undertaking, but a reality
and fast approaching completion.
From a reliable source of Information it
appears that the electric light plant at
Redwood City has also passed into the
possession or Prince Ponlatowski The
price paid for each of the plants, as also
any contemplated changes In operating
them has for the present been withheld
from the public.
HENRY TRANSFERS STOCK.
Changes Expected in Santa Clara
Electric Railroad Management.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 14.— J. H. Henry, the
principal owner of the San Jose and Santa
Clara Electric Railway, has transferred
the major part of his holdings In the
railroad to the estate of the late James
T. Murphy. This was according to an
agreement entered into between Henry
and Murphy before the latter's death
whereby Henry was given the option of
paying for 14,000 acres of land bought of
deceased at Santa Margarita in either
money or railroad stock. This gives the
Murphy estate the controlling interest.
Many changes are expected at the stock
holders' meeting in August next. It is
said J. T. McGeoghegan will at that time
succeed John P. Burke as manager
A SUCCESSFUL TOUR.
Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs
Return to the University.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 14.—
The Glee and Mandolin clubs returned to
the campus this evening from a tour of
the south. Treasurer. Letter, In speaking
of the trip, said that In some respects It
was the most successful tver taken. It
was the longest, the clubs having ¦ been
gone over three weeks, and twenty-seven
men, a larger number than ever before
composing the clubs. Every town of any
size whatever between San Jose and San
Diego was visited. The company did not
come back laden with wealth, but it came
out about even. Friday night the. clubs
will eive a concert in Assembly HalL
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
HOW TO STUDY A SHAKESPEARE PLAY.
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
F»OF»ULMR STUDIES IN SH/\K:ESF»E/\RE.
„ £ ont £ but 0t °™ t0 £ hl^ C 02 ra £L Dr - Edward Dowden. Dr. William J. Rolfe. Dr. Hamilton W.
Mable Dr. Albert S. Cook, Dr. Hiram Corscn. Dr. Isaac N. Demmon, Dr. Vlda D. Scudder
and others.
X— CORIOLANUS.
Somewhere in his "Table Talk" Hazlttt
said that literary criticism changes as
much in Its methods as in the nature of
the results sought for. Shakespearean crit
icism since Hazlltt's time bears out the
general truth of Hazlitt's observation
even better perhaps than he could have
guessed. In approaching any one of
Shakespeare's plays to-day one Is beset
by the array of commentators represent
ing many methods and purposes of study.
In the midst of authorities the student
finds relief in turning to the play Itself
and In reading it as a piece of literature
the subject matter of which is his chief
concern. When a new novel comes out
it is more likely to hold our attention by
the action of the story, by the play of
manners, of human nature, or perhaps by
the underlying Idea of the book: Virtue
tloned for the Consulship. In the Capitol
and before the Senators Coriolanua ia
praised for his valor and patriotism. The
second act ends with a movement of the
citizens in opposition to Corlolnnus' elec
tion as Consul. In the third act lines 65
ti are noteworthy as showing the issue be
tween Coriolanus and the people to be
squarely drawn. In his reasons (lines
120-133) ar.d in his Impetuous speech that
follows. Coriolanus forces the issue with
the tribunes. No lnn«er addressed as
Corlolanus he is ordered seized and cast
from the Tarpeian rock. The less tragic
fate of banishment, however, saves Corio
lanus for the rest of the play. In spite of
family ami friends Coriolanus In his ban
ishment looks up his old enemy. We are
prepared for Coriolanus' change of front
in scene iv, llr.rs 12-2 1 !. By the Interces
sion of the women in act V f'orlolanus'
pride Is broken; ho— and Aufldlus— spare
Rome. But his mercy Is his undoing and
he finally falls victim to the old hatred
and Jealousy of Außdius*.
The chief difficulty in the study of "Co
\. ¦ .¦: ¦¦¦¦¦ •¦• ¦ ¦¦¦'¦¦•• . -.-¦¦¦¦ % ... .'
DAME NATURE'S NOVEL
GIFT OF MOTIVE POWER
Steam From a Hot Artesian Well to Be
Piped to Boilers and Used
as Needed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLA WALLA. Jan. 14.— William Lee of Ontario, In Northeastern Ore
gon, is preparing to develop a novel project by which he will almost attain
perpetual motion. He Intends to make use of a great head of steam gener
ated In the Interior of the earth for running pumps, which shall pump water
on a large scale for Irrigation purposes.
The steam now reaches the surface through a large artesian well between
Ontario and Vale. He has secured the water rights to this well, and will
pierce a subterranean steam chamber beneath by putting large steel pipes
down the well. The steam will then be piped to big steam boilers, whence It
can be drawn off as needed to operate the engines and pumps. To begin with,
several hundred horsepower will be generated. The pumps will elevate water
from the Malheur River, near by, for use in irrigating a large tract of rich
volcanic ash land, which needs only water to make it as productive as Walla
Walla or Yaklma valleys.
MUST KEEP PACE
WITH THE KAISER
Increase of American
Navy Urged.
Sreclal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.—
In view of the purpose of the German
Emperor to force the passage of a bill
through the Reichstag practically doub
ling the German navy, officers of the navy
are hoping that action will be taken un
der which Congress, at the present ses
sion, will add three more battleships to
the naval programme.
"All information we have," sa.d an offi
cer, "point to the fact that the German
Emperor is urging the creation of such a
formidable fleet, not alone because of
European questions, but because of the
position the United States has assumed in
international affairs, in consequence of
the war with Spain. While our informa
tion respecting the proposed German In
crease is not entirely accurate, we under
stand that the programme to be proposed
will require the fleet to be increased dur
ing the next sixteen years by ten battle
ships and eight large cruisers, besides
twenty-seven substitutes and three new
ships authorized by the programme of
IS9S. with additional provision that sub
stitutes for the eight coast defense ships
of the Siegfried class shall be battleships.
This will practically result in doubling
the German naval strength. The new law
will provide lor a gradual increase, so
that in each year three ships will be laid
down. In each year there will also be laid
down three small cruisers and one tor
pedo boats divisions. Germany is apt
to be a nation with which many vex
atious quesi.ons will arise and the best
way to prevent war with her or any
other nation is by having a strong fleet.
In addition to the programme already
submitted, therefore, I hope that Con
gress will add three battleships, which
will give us an available baules^p lleet
of eighteen modern vessels."
Secretary Long is not in favor of any
further Increase in the programme he has
recommended contemplating the authori
zation of three armored cruisers, three
protected cruisers and twelve gunboats.
He bases his objection upon the fact that
Congress has not yet authorized armor
for the New Jersey class of battleships
and their construction cannot begin until
such authority is obtained, and to add
throe battleships to the pending pro
gramme would overtax the shipbuilding
resources of the country. The Secretary
does not believe that Congress would
authorize three additional battleships,
though he has been Informed that his rec
ommendations will be adopted.
Secretary Long has selected Captain J.
E. Craig, chief hydrographer, as com
mander of the cruiser Albany, which has
Just undergone successfully her official
trial in English waters. A crew is being
formed for the Albany, which Captain
Craig will take to England in the auxili
ary cruiser Prairie. A crew Is also being
formed for the battleship Kearsarge.
THREATENS BEET
SUGAR INTERESTS
Proposed Free Trade
With Puerto Rico.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING-
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.—
Beet sugar Interests East and West are
organizing to prevent Congress following
the President's recommendations to abol
ish all tariff between Puerto Rico and the
United States.
H. T. Oxnard, president of the Ameri
can Beet Sugar Association, has been
here for some time, trying to make the
protest fe!t in the House and Senate.
"If President McKinley," said Mr. Ox
nard. "is going to drop protection to our
people, who are entitled to it, in order
to give it to carpet-baggers and specula
tors, we want to. know what has caused
the change of front. We purpose to make
as hard a fight as we know how against
the enactment of the President's recom
mendation regarding free trade with
Puerto Rico. We are coming to Wash
ington to carry this fight to the end, and
we purpose to call the attention of the
country to the injustice offered to a
worthy and extensive American Industry
by the President's recommendation.
"Tobacco growers will have representa
tives here h\ a few days representing not
only New England, but Wisconsin, Ohio,
Kentucky and tho Southern States. They
will make common cause with the beet
sugar men, who come from several States
of the far West, and join hands with the
fruit growers of California, and perhaps
some representatives of special agricul
tural interests and the Southern Atlantic
seaboard."
Whether the combination will make any
trouble for the administration managers
who are endeavoring to put the Presi
dent's suggestion into effect remains to
be seen. Representatives of similar coali
tion of other interests are vigorously
fighting the reciprocity treaties now pend
ing In the Senate. The opposition which
developed last week was so strong as to
discourage Special Commissioner Kasson
who negotiated the treaties, and he has
abandoned further effort in their behalf
and gone to Florida to recuperate his
health.
GOVERNMENT TO
FIGHT PLAGUE
Disinfecting: Plant for
Manila.
EXTRA SURGEONS SENT OUT
»
MARINE HOSPITAL SERVICE
PLACED IN CHARGE.
Surgeon General Wyman Believes
That He Will Be Able to Pre
vent a General Epi
demic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.—
Bubonic plague at Manila is to be com
bated with all the means modern science
has put at the disposal of the medical pro
fession. By an executive order quaran
tine matters in the Philippines have been
put in charge of the Marine Hospital Ser
vice, and Surgeon General Wyman is hav
ing the active co-operation of the surgeon
general's department in the War Depart
ment and of the military and naval sur
geons in the Philippines.
Colonel Charles R. Greenleaf, assistant
surgeon general, Is in charge of the army
medical force at the islands, and Passed
Assistant Surgeon Perry is at present rep
resenting the Marine Hospital Service.
Other officers of the service will be sent
out in the near future, and already two
complete disinfecting plants with appli
ances for sulphur fumigation and steam
disinfecting chambers have arrived and
will be set up by Passed Assistant Sur
geon Perry.
Surgeon General Wyman believes It will
be possible to prevent a serious epidemic
of plague in Manila. He said he thought
there was every prospect that it would be
stamped out before It had made much
progress, as had been done in Alexandria.
He saw no reason for serious alarm.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1900.
INDIGESTION ATTACKS
THE "HUMAN OSTRICH"
Surgeons Perform an Operation and Re
move a Stock of Jewelry From
His Interior.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— John Sasel, 22 years old. is recovering rapidly In
St. John's Hospital. Brooklyn, from the effects of a surgical operation which
was performed to relieve a severe attack of indigestion. Sasel had swal
lowed rnar.y things which do not agree with the human system, and on Fri
day afternoon the doctors in the hospital removed from his stomach two
r.ickel watches, one brass watch, chains, two latch keys, six hairpins, 128
common pins, ten 2^-inch iron nall3 and one metal ring with a stone in it
There are some other pieces of metal still in his system, physicians say,
but It is impossible to find them and they do not believe they will do much
harm. It is a theory that even the articles which were removed would not
have caused trouble had not tho chains tangled them.
Ten days ago Sasel went to the dispensary connected with St- John's
Hospital, said that he had been a professional pin swallower for fourteen
weeks and asked for a cure for Indigestion.
On Wednesday last Dr. Hopkins made an X-ray examination. The plates
showed some small detached articles and one big black spot where the chains
had tangled up the pieces of metal. An operation was determined upon, and
on Friday afternoon Sasel, In whom the hospital physicians had become
very much interested, was laid on the table and an Incision made in the wall
of his stomach. After the cause of the trouble had been removed the wound
was sewed up and the patient put to bed.
READY TO TAKE
TRE TESTIMONY
Progress of Kentucky's
Election Contest.
Ei*ci*i Dispatch to The Cmll
???+???+++++?+++++
-?- -?- 1
-?- FRAXKTORT, Ky., Jan. 14.— + j
¦?¦ Governor Taylor to-night arranged ¦?- j
•?¦ •with the railway? for transporta- -?• i
•?• tion to this city at a moment's no- •?•
•?¦ tice of all State troops now under +
¦?¦ waiting orders at Pinevllle, Lexing- -f
? ton, London and Louisville. Goebel ¦?¦
•?• has threatened to set up an lnde- •?¦ j
? pendent State government at the -?- I
•?¦ Capitol Hotel In this city, and blood 4- j
? is sure to flow as a result. -?• j
? ?
••¦•?¦?•?¦?•?•¦?'¦?¦ + +¦?¦¦?•?+¦?¦ + -?¦ + 1
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Jan. 14.— The hear- }
ir.g of evidence in the contests for Gov- j
crnor and Lieutenant Governor will be
gin to-morrow. Under the rules already ;
adopted by the committee contestants are !
given four days in which to introduce j
their proof. The eontestees then are given j
live days in which to present their side, I
itnd one day Is allowed the contestants :
to bring in rebuttal evidence. Both sides j
are to .be given a reasonable time for ar- j
pument by their respective counsel. In ;
addition to the general counsel Mr. Goebel \
will have a special counsel, who will lock j
after his case when certain counts are j
being considered. Former Governor Brad
ley and Judge Yost of Lexington and i
Judge Humphrey will be among those |
who will look after Governor Taylor's
Senator Blackburn, who has been in
Washington for several days, will return
to-n!ght. It is stated he will assist Goebel
until the fight is ended.
The Republican leaders claim to have
encouraging news from the lawyers who
are representing the Republican con
ti-stees. They claim to have assurances
from that quarter that even should Gov- |
<-mor Taylor and Lieutenant Governor |
Marshall be unseated by the Legislature !
they will institute proceedings before I
Federal Judge Evans at Louisville to re- !
strain the Democratic contestants from !
taking the offices, and that a year or more j
will elapse before the case can be finally I
decided, as it will be carried up to the i
Haprcme Court, no matter how it mignt
Le decided in the inferior courts. Mean
while, they cay. the Republicans will hold
the offices.
Senator Goebel's attorneys and the Goe
bel leaders generally do not think there !
Is anything in this claim, as they insist
that no Federal question is involved, and I
the case, if filed, would have no standing
la the Federal courts.
Ex-Governor Bradley gave out an inter
view to-night In response to the charge
that he was in conference with the Re
publicans and the antl-Goebel Democrats ;
in Louisville prior to the election. He j
taid:
•'The statement that I was» the agent of i
a plan to confuse or terrorize the votars I
< f Louisville or to carry the election by !
fnrcf of arms or money is a malicious
falsehood. The statement that I was ln
<hio«--d to take part in the campaign by
;>romise of the Senatorship ls» also a delib- [
• rate lie. I went into the campaign be
rausp I ff-lt it my duty to the party aaid
to the country, especially after the oppo
sition speeches and platform were leveled j
at my administration." 1
WILL SEARCH FOR
LOST TREASURE
An Expedition to Queen
Charlotte Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VAXCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 14.— An ex
j pedltlon is being- fitted out in Vancouver
j to hunt for gold in the bottom of a bay
jin the Queen Charlotte islands. Divers
i and a full set of diving- appurtenances
¦will be taken along by the party. Their
plan is to recover about $60,000 worth of
practically pure gold from the bottom of
what has come to bo known as Gold Bay
j on the western or Pacific Ocean side of
j the Queen Charlotte islands. Since July
i 2T, 1b57, Gold Bay has had a mysterious
name as the holder of a large amount of
i treasure. On that afternoon it is esti
j mated that $60,000 worth of gold was taken
I by three men from the shelf in the cliff
on tho flanking side of the rock-bound
! bay. The gold was scarcely in the hands
iof the men before it was lost again.
They had it partly lowered into their
boat, when a break occurred in their
tackle and the gold sank in over thirty
I feet of water. These particulars, together
j with other details of the expeditions that
! have vainly gone there in search of the
missing gold, can be found in almost any
pilotage record of the North Pacific.
The three men who found the gold were
in tho employ of the Hudson Bay Com
pany. They had been working over the
islands for weeks, but up to that time
had found nothing but some veins of
copper, some of which are now being de
veloped. Then on the day mentioned they
let themselves down over the cliff that
overlooked the landlocked bay. and in the
face of the rock they found" a pocket of
gold. The decomposed mineral which
they throw out with their picks was prac
tically pure gold. They were experienced
miners, and they estimated when they
had the pocket cleared out that ther«
was between MO. OOO and $70,000 in solid
cash beneath their feet. One story says
that they lost the gold In carrying it
down the cliff, while another statement
says that the yellow metal was thrown
off In a blast. But at any rate they lost
most of the glistening metal and ever
since then it has been resting in the !
bottom of the bay.
Several parties have gone north to
find it at intervals during the past few
years. The principal difficulty has been
to find where the gold was taken from,
and so far none of the parties have suc
ceeded in bringing but a small amount
back with them. The Vancouver firm
taking it up is Messrs. Armstrong &
Llewellyn. They depend on their diving
apparatus to make the work of finding
the gold easy. B
57*^011 clearing the complexion of unsightly eruptions, and preserving, purifying,
T T and beautifying the skin, Bcalp, hair, and hands, nothing so pure, so sweet,
bo epeedily effective as Ccticuka Soap. It removes the cause of disfiguring
eruptions, loss of hair, and baby blemishes, viz.: the clogged, irritated, inflamed,
or hluggish condition of the Pores. Cuticcra Soap combines delicate emollient
properties derived from Ccticcra, the great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing
ingredients and most refreshine of flower odors. No other soap, however expensive,
is to be compared with it for all purposes of th« toilet, bath, and nnrsery. It com-
bines in Oxb Soap at O.ve Price— namely, 25 Cents— tho best skin and com-
plexion noap and the best toilet and baby soap in the world.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
gTHE TIMELY USE OF%^
5SODA WATER MAN GETS IT IN THE PLEXUS.
/^j OLONEL" BRADT, the well-known eport. has at last won a fight. He
If has a record of fifty battles, forty-nine of which he lost. The
other was declared a draw on account of police Interference.
The first man to fall a victim to his terrible right or "a booze de
stroyer." as lie is wont to term it, Is Emile Somps, who is a familiar figure
on the "line."
Friday night Brady and Somps had a dispute which culminated in the
colonel challenging his adversary to put on the gloves with him. Somps,
who is over six feet tall and who has acquired considerable muscle through
handling bottles at his father's soda works, thinking the colonel was a
"puddin'," as he expressed it. readily accepted the defl. In order to mako
the bout more Interesting Somps offered to bet $20 that he would put Brady
to sleep in two rounds. The colonel promptly covered the bet, and accom
panied by several friends, they repaired to the Olympic Club, where they
completed arrangements for the "scrap." After considerable wrangling
"Billy" Kennedy was selected as referee. Eight-ounce gloves were used; as
Brady did not want to take a chance of having his face disfigured. At the
tap of the bell Somps, who knows something about the game through his
associations with the Alameda terror, and other prize fighters of equal
prominence, started to annihilate ¦ Brady. The colonel cleverly dodged
several wicked swings by falling to the floor and staying down the allotted
ten seconds. Somps tried to land a knock-out blow, but the colonel either
hugged the floor or clinched to save himself.
At the end of the second round Brady •was still on his feet, demanding
another round. As Samps had no objection the colonel was given a "bracer"
and time was again called. Somps landed a hard right on the jaw, which
sent Brady to the floor in a dazed condition. He recovered before the ten
seconds were up and started in to do his opponent A hot mix-up followed,
in which the colonel was again Bent to the floor. After recovering from the
effects of the blow, Brady complained that one of his gloves had been dam
aged In the fracas. He walked over to Somps and placing the glove under his
nose asked Somps to examine it. Somps promptly dropped his arms. Intend
ing to look at the glove, when the foxy colonel landed his right . flush on
the big fellow's solar plexus, and he fell as though he had been struck by a
club in the hands of a south-of-Market-street policeman.
For a time it was thought he was fatally Injured. He recovered, how
ever. In a short time, much to the relief of Brady, who was momentarily
expecting to be arrested for murder. The colonel was awarded the fight and
stakes, against the protest of Somps and his seconds.
Brady's friends on account of the great victory are seriously thinking
of matching him with the Sausalito toothpick for a side bet of $1000.
Racing at Tanforan.
The entries for this afternoon's running
events are as follows:
First race — Five furlongs: three-year-olds;
s*>llir.^:
<U7 St. Anthony 105! 610 Beautiful Bill. ..11!
U<S Mlfs Vera 107 &9< Fa\-orlto 103
Zo9 Tnmal* 109J 6I« Gusto 112
f,<>S Summer 112; 604 March Seven 107
6»7 Antler 103! 316 Alary's barter.. lo7
CCS IJona 107 610 Corains Event. ..lo7
€10 First Shot 112|
Second race— One mile; four-ycar-oldi and
upward: Felling:
CIS Crofcer 103 f 679 La4jr Meddl'«'m.l%
CII Tom Cromwell. .ll6 C? 0 Credo 113
f.15 Storm Kin* 1161 &>4 Ht. Isldor ICS
621 Tom C» I vert 113' ... Milt Ycunf log
667 Owyhee Ill)
Third race — Three- furlor.es: two-year-olds:
... Rollick 115, ... M. F. Tarpey...lls
B& W. Talce Notice- j E. Corrlcan. b. g. by
Happy Maiden. I!»s«ft!aw-lJo'i.
Cl 6 Uaylon Brown.. . Jl0 ¦ 6lfi Wariiman 113
l€2!r)Sofala 115! Cl 6 E!e Levy 113
Fourth race— One mils; three-year-olds; sell
ing:
r.SS Chot^au IC6 CS4 Antoinette 101
E. 66 l>p'd Hushes. ..l 66 W4 Zlt ka 101
:•>s Kllle dOr IUI f.C2 Raphael C 100
6U6 Allenna 103 C 34 Mont Eacle 103
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth miles; handi
cap:
£77 los Medanos 97!ffrll)Greyhurst. PO
<.*.!>:.>Zoroa«ter 111! 555 Dairy F 103
CIS Einstein M!<CGC) Merry Boy 100
<iSS)T:ed lii-ate 92 tl2S) Ventoro 110
Sixth rape — Six furlongs: three-year-olds and
U!)w«M: pelllnj:
(Slo)Ben Ledi 102 r <Cl7)St. Caslmir 101
(Kl)Heleh Ho Mi 615 Moeorito 107
... Harry Thoburn.. 97 t (D?2)Theory 104
CIS Mies Marion r.2r .2
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Alary'» Garter, ComlDf Event,
Flirt Shot.
Second race- Storm IClrt. Milt Twunc Lady
Meddlesome.
Third race— Sofala. M. F. Tarpey, Sl« Levy.
Fourth race— Allenna, Rachel C. Mont Eacle.
Fifth race — Daisy F. Ventoro. Zoroaster.
Blxth race — Mocorito, Ben Ledl. St. Caslmlr.
(THE PEOPLE" S POPULAR PLAT HOUSE. \
FttOPIE SOUTH 770.
ONE WEEK.
TO-NIGHT— SATURDAY MATTNEB,
THE RAYS' Howling Success,
A HOT OLD TIME !
OUR PA a RONS OF LAST NTGHT ARE STtLL
CHUCKLING WITH JOY.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evealr.f , we, 23c. 35c. 50c and 75c. Mat!ne«, 13c.
25c. 35c and aOo.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON, THE EVER.
POPULAR
AT — GAY — CONEY — ISLAND.
As shown by the above figures Rawlins
was first on the second eighteen holes
with 84. Stephenson second with S5. while
Melvlle, Anderson and Smith tied with
SS each.
The play-off of the tie between Stephen
son and Melville for third place in the
whole tournament resulted as follows:
Stephenson Out— s 6 6 4 5 4 6 5 4—44
In — 5 85643G5 5—47— 91
Melvlllß Out— s 7 5 6 5 4 C 4 3—45
In —7 6844465 6—49— 94
JOCKEY CLAY INSANE.
Has the Hallucination That He> Still
Is Riding Imp to Victory.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 14.-Jockey Pete
Clay is insane and has been removed by
friends to a private sanitarium in this
city. Clay's affection Is due to a fracture
of the skull which, with other serious
bodily injuries, he received in a fall from
a horse in Montreal in July, 189 S. His
life was despaired of at the time, but he
pulled through after four months in the
hospital and last year turned up at the
Chicago tracks, where he put in the
spring and early summer, riding as well
as he ever did. Going East in July he
joined Harness & Brossman's stable and
was given the mount on Imp in all her
Important races. It was noticed at Wash
ington he was slightly unbalanced, but
as he was a hard lad to understand at
any time nothing was thought of It until
after coming here he showed unmistak
able signs of insanity. His hallucination
Is that he is still riding Imp. and he Is
constantly raving about the mare.
Wins on a Foul.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ICESWICK. Jan. 14.— 1n the ten-round
contest between Alonzo Tucker, the col
ored pugilist, and Theodore Van Buskirk
at this place last night Tucker was award
ed the decision In the fourth round on a
foul. Van Buskirk had fouled him several
times nnd had been warned, but he paid
no heed. The contest took place in the
Monte Carlo Theater.
stern realities of the firing line has made
them keen of eye and steady of nerve,
and Rood scores were the rule.
F. P. Schuster, a crack shot of the Oflr
manla Schuetzen Club, began operations
by making a score of 20, 25 and 24 in three
successive shots on the ring target in a
competition match. He was loudly ap
plauded.
The banquet Intended to have been given
at the park by the Golden Gate Rifle and
Pistol Club was postponed until Sunday.
January 28, on account of the illness or
its president, Dr. L. O. Rodgers. The
presentation of the Bushnell trophy, won
by Dr. Rodgers. will be made next Sun
day evenlnv: at California Hall. 620 Bush
street. TT.e donor of the trophy. F. H.
Bushnell, has duplicated his gift for this
year.
Following arc the scores In detail:
"Nationals." Companies C and O.
T. McGllvary SB. J. F. Morton 41. L. W. Grant
34. H. J. Musprave 40, E. R- Armstrong 32. T.
J. Pavey 40. W. D Grant 40 C. F. Waltham 43.
11. Kelly 23. F. J. Kane 30. A. J. Ruddock 42.
Captain J. E. Klein 38. Lieutenant O. G. Petty
41. Ueutenant C. E. Goodell 44. A. H. Kennedy
43, W. F. Unfred 42. F. F. Carson 39, H. \\.
Fawk 30. E. Williams 3S. R. C. Barnes 23. G.
Atkins 2S, A. E. Anderson 42. ...
San Francisco Svhuetzen Vereln. in montnly
medal shoot: Champion class < flnal >~*.v,*_;
Bchuster 435; first class, not won; second, tnlra
and fourth classes were won previously. Best
first shot. John Beuttler 23; best last snot, F.
P. Schuster. 25.
Germanta Srhuetzen Club. In monthly rueaal
shoot: First champion class, D. B. Faktor. *16;
second champion class. H. Huber, 211: »rst
class. H. FtPlllnß-. Ill: second class. H. Lllko-n
dey. 214: third class, J. Beuttler. IS3. Best nrpt
phot, H. Stelline. J4; best last shot. F. P.
Schuster, 24. . , --#
Germanla P^huetzen Club Competition for
cash prizes': F. P. Schuster, 74; H. Huber. 70;
William Goetze. 6?.
Nord<leutfich«»r Vereln — Monthly bullseye
shoot: Henry Stelllnß. 120; F. P. Schuster, 3PS:
C. F. Ru.«t, COS; Herman Huber. 615; Otto
Lemck*. 643: Gustav Schulz. SH: Henry Hup
pert. 522: John do Wit. 826; David Salfleld, 940;
John Gefken.^CO.
Independent P.ines— Monthly medal shoot:
F.. Heimke. 34: It. V nither. 31: J- Murtha. 2!>:
C. Olbberson. 33; A. Dietrich. 29: H. Felix, S«:
C. Kornbpck 40: Corporal H. Fredrlckeon. ">:
Ci. KellfnbcrEer. 3S; C. Frvdrickson. SO: IL
Goetjpn Jr.. 5; F. Wild. 27; H. Marzholt. 11; E.
Moennlnc, 37.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club: Rifle
class— P. E. Mason. 231, 212: C. M. Henderson.
21?, 192, 203; F. W. Belknap. 208. 210: A. B.
Porrell. 207. ID9. 211: J. Kullmann. 187. 178; C. N.
Moore. IS2; J. F. Bridzes. 194.
J. E. Gorman In three fifty shots -with pistol
scored 461. 462, 469.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
U ii U D Qm3
Purely rentable, mild and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For tha cur* of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bc-wels, Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
rerularttlei. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
(tlpatlon. Piles and all derangements of tha
Internal Vlecerm. 25c a box. At Dru«ret»ts,
or tax mall BADWAI * CO.. Ntw York.
CHITESJND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
major" /vute,
Smallest Actor on Earth.
The LEANDOR BROTHERS
Gladiatorial Acrobats.
FfiANK HALL, theEngi h Lioa-Tam;r,
Sabdaing "Wallace,"
THE COLUMBIAN FOUR,
Musical Artists.
ETHEL BURT, Coasting the Chates.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
Phone for Seats— Park S»
nil mri ir\ i™ pllM ana •" R «ctai
11111 l 1 lift! diseases cured or no
Kill' I lIUL I" 1 ?- Xo detention from
111 I Illir business. DRS. MANS-
11111 i 111 1 I FIELD & PORTER-
I I VI I IVJ I IL. FIELD. S3S Market St..
San Francisco.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL
23 SUTTER STREET.
3— SONG RECITALS— 3
Ey the Illustrious Soprano,
MLLE. ANTOINETTE
MONDAY EVENING January ""
THURSDAY EVENING January ->5
SATURDAY MATINEE January 27
PRICES. Jl £0 and JL
Seats on sale at SHERMAN. CLAY & CO •<;
MUSIC STORE WEDNESDAY MORNING.
A non-openable door is wanted for
closets In which family skeletons are
stored.
Playing cards with new backs; very ar-
tistic. Also new tally cards and came
counters. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket st. •
AMUSEMENTS.
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
¦Wholesale Dealer and Shlpuer of Coka.
OFFICE. Rl3 FOLSOM ST.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN K3.
THIS EVENING. THIS EVENING.
First TUna In San Francisco or DvUlarer'B
Famous Comic Opera,
DON CAESAR
OF IRUN.
A SUPERB CAST.
A MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION.
PRICES 23c 800 and 73a.
GALLERIES 10c and 13c
Good Reserved Seat la Orchestra. Saturday
Matinee, 2ic.
BRANCH TICKET OKKICD— EMPORIUM.
No Incurabla Cases Taken by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
No Money Required
Till Cure Is Made- by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
No Injurious
Medicines Are Used by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
No Charffe for Remedies or
Appliances Is Made by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Lost Manhood. Private LHseases
Permanently Cured by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A HUGE BILL!
EVERY ACT A HOWLING SUCCESS
ARTHUR NITLSTO^E and MINNIE ABBET.
HANSON and NELSON.
iILLE. EMMY and Her Marvelous Foxterrlers.
HODGES and LAUN'CHIIERE.
The Best Cooi) Act In th« Country.
FRANK COFFIN, the Local Tenor.
ELTN'OKE SISTERS, FRANK LATOXA
CHAS. A. GARDNER. JOHN A.ND 2CELUB
MACARTHY.
Reserved Seats, 23c: balcony, 10c; op«r» chairs
and Box Seats, SCo.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday md Sunday.
"COLONEL" BRADY LANDS
ON SOMPS' SOLAR PLEXUS
On the Diamond.
J The Ileeserr.an.s baseball team of Oali
j Innd defeated the Lath's .letters team at
Recreation Park yesterday by a score of
;Sto 0. Bulger and Shea made up the bat
i tery for the Ileevemans, while Russell
and Eager perform.\d a similar duty for
the opposing nine. T-ie Koenlgs will play
the winners next Sunday.
standpoint in the history of the park.
All the clubs have this year offered
prizes of Increased values, but probably
the one which excites the keenest Interest
is the Slebe trophy, offered to the Germa
nla Schuetzen Club for competition by
Captain L. Siebe, the proprietor or Shell
Mound Park, who for twenty-one years
has presided over the destinies of the
jiopular pleasure grounds.
A feature of the day was the first shoot
In two years of Companies C and G. First
Infantry. X. O. C, known In a civic way
as the Nationals. Their experience In the
Familiar Figures at Shell Mound Ranges.
Csrh In lirat H'.ack Nfsht: Ccraldlnc beat Swm
Hriar; Kandnni Ai:n l»i>at Copperhfod: St.
Klmo beat IVaorlul Gl«-n; Hazel L beat Pat
Malloy; Kerry Gow t-eat Oiym^la; Risky At
tempt b»-at Prince of Fashion.
Third round— Kourli Itljer l>eat Cash In: Ran
dom Aim f-eat "^eraldlne; St. Elmo beat Hazel
L. Kerry Oow Wat Hi^ky Attempt.
Fourth round— Kan<lom Aim beat Rough
Rider: St. Elmo bent Kerry Csow.
Final— St. Kimo b-at Random A!»n.
OAKLAND GOLF CLUB - PROFESSIONAL
TOURNAMENT.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"HOOT MOXI" HANO ON*. EVERTBODTI
A GREAT EVENT!
TO-NIGHT! — TO-NIGHT! — TO-NIGHTt
Most Sumptuous Production of France Dan-
lels' Suj-erb Comlo Opera.
I ii l^
SVSa BT TUB 810 DOT7BLE COMPANTI
First Tim* In America at Popular Prices!
FAIRT TALES! FAIRY TALES! Don't illas
Them!
"I JUST DROPPED IN." Toa Must He**
POPULAR PRICES-:5 and 50 C«at*.
Telephon« Bush t.
AMUSEMENTS.
MUNYON'S INHALER
CURES
CATARRH
i> Colds, Coughs,
gg» Hay Fever, Bron-
sp|chitis, Asthma
Hand all Diseases
Wg ofi the Throsjt and
W Lungs.
Clonfa of Medicated Vapor tr» tabled
through tbe mouth and emitted from the \os-
trils. cleansing and vaporizing all the IcSacwl
and diseased parts which cannot be reached by
medicine taken lfito the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots — It heals tha raw
places — It noes to the seat of disease — It acts as
a balm and tonic to the whole system— fi.oo at
druggists or sent by mail. 1505 Arch St., l'hila.
FOREST KING
A WINNER AT
UNION PARK
Defeats Cavalier in a Ssnsa
lional Trial on the Cours
ing Held.
James Sheridan's gTeyhound Forest
Kin*, by Rusty Gold-Wave, provided the
at Union Coursing Park yester
day by defeating Curtis & Son's sreat dog
C*.vaUer for the stake. Forest Kin*? was
uaslftbted after they left the ellps and
Cavalier secured the first turn. The for
mer :h^n ran up and the most sensational
3 : .nal seen in mar.y months ensued. Cava
lier feM In making a turn and this un
doubtedly affe< ted his running thereafter.
The baro'iipparentljF forgot v.heie the es
capes were, as she did all her running
about the flirP*"'' '¦* Bt»««J- h * finally
tried to jump a four-foot fence, but failed
and fell back Into iho Jatrs of the dogs.
The course lasted tlirco minutes.
The ecore v.as VZ to Is"I s " In favor of For
est Ki::g. Cavalier was favorite at 6..J0 1.
but there v.as little betting on Ihe out
come as he was considered a certain wln-
JiOT
J:i the fourth round It seeme.l the dosrs ;
from the konn*l «>1" Curtis & Son would
run one-twt>-tfcrc«. The fatt-s were ;
against ihtm. Hot Haste put out' Cash
\\hi<h van favorite ?t - l^, t '\ l ''".ii,"" |
thri> went crrons ar.u was withdrawn, me j
ereat <!:.£ <i:U not fcliow to ailvantage in
ihe «:ti=i round. S>ut was letter In the
Fuco-flins ones. When he went to the
».;il>s la iiie fourth round Slipper Grace •
ihoupht life showed some weakness and j
juJge Grace declared ail bets oil. He
i hen noUtlrd Mr. '.urns <>f t!ie dog s con-.i
ditiOt) ;!;at !)<¦ might withdraw him and:
prevent possible injury t-> the valuable
i-.iiinia'.. The <n-i? was withdrawn. Ihis
Jeft o:,:y <:iva!Hr in the stake and he
UMUy tmtel>eJ »r» second place.
Sonip gn'Mi coursing was witnessed dur
ing th« day. Cavaher beat Jiot Haste
brilliantly. The ii»s* rar. across the Held
as then coupled. As they approached the
har» Cii\ iiier arew out «nd won. The re
t-ult«. with the c3lcial scores, follow.
Oj-on ttakr. first roun.l — T*arha K'r.r.fls' Hol
:irklr.e Air» beat .1. Kennedy*" Night Time.
I-n; .1. Blwrid*n'« Forest «Ju"e:i beat J.
Hyrne'e Battleship. (>-.; Curtis & Son'r Cash j
»^jt H l^onJon'r Matr,eto. S— i): Hater fc i
t.eU's KelMe liuwn l<ct J. lVan's Mialmo. 3— <i; ]
« unis i. Kudoni l.*at J. J. lielily'B I
"\Var*!->ii> '.— i;- J. H. Harrison's Hot liayte
b*at l;^iteie Urx.*.' Hmt Ui-ewcr. 4—;; I*. J. j
HriUy'm l'loujh Hoy l*«t J. Carroll's Aurk-
Igjjj " ;_r,. j^jha ivenr.t'i)'' R«>- Annex Ivat H.
A: Ueckeliaan'* CMfl <:iory. I— «; Kay & fronts
I u*ker b*>^t Krwin & Lyon'j» M»>' Qw«en, a— 4;
ii F Ar.d^rr'in'e Cra»:ord Bra<»s l*at K. M.
KeUocr 1 * lo»a timid, 12—1: Curtis &
« miller beat E. M. Keliops's Sweet Eania.
J—4; H. H. Oray'p Konn. l>««t Jlusseil. Allen .'i
tTUkOB'a Jrllus < aesar. Z--«: It. IS. rte li.
1y0;..-z's J>:ablo l*at J. Hurlcy'e O X Capitol.
7- I; li. E. Je B. l>>i>es's Sara boat Curtis it
Bon's Commodore, S>— »; Hus^U. Allen 4: Wil
eon'6 Helle t'lair !.n?at Krwin & Avon's Sllvet
Lion. 12 — i; Oeorgr<- Whitney's Theron beat Gua
.-•.l>ercT ruble's Ho-k l.slanJ Bey. !^— 6; T. J.
« rerun's Tncrnhlll »iea: F. A. McOrrnb's One
Hpct. "— < ¦; I'H«ha Ker-rw-if' Jt.->yal Anne l*»t
UttfeceU, All*-n At Wilson's Master Clalr, 4— 3; J.
hherl&an'a Forest Kict ' l«at 1). J. IIeal»y s ;
«:r>-n&dj, 4-2: .1. Dic-k.«<>n's Black liets beat 11. ¦
\ I>eekelmar'fc Snanshot. 3—l; H. Uynch's ;
:;>>:i( lU.id «»-at Maher <L- Reids I»at lleilly. j
J'.cfcuty ?i>' t. C— 4.
S.<-omi rotund— Rollirltln^ Air* beat Tcrest j
Qtuen. B—4;8 — 4; i'a<* l^at Nellie Uann, b— 2; Hot |
jiaHte beat Nsrcissu*. 6— J; He-Annes bffli ,
)'l'Ut, r ij Hot. >— *: Hawker l*eat Crawford j
Urs.. c. s— t: Caval.rr beat r.^nn. 10—0; Belle)
• li'.r Iwat IHatilo. 21— S; Sara beat Th.»ron. j
i.—* 1 ; Royal Anne b?at U'hornhill. 3—l: Forest
JCuiK Iwat JJlack Bes^, 10 — i; Luxor beat Mystic
Mala. .*.— <t.
Thlr.l round— «ras=h l«*at Rol'.iclclr.g Airs. 4—l:
Hot liiisto l^Ht He-Annex, 3—l; Cavalier beat
iiawlvf r. ir— <•; Ban t^-at J>lle Clair, 6— Z; Fcrett
lv!r.K !><^xt Royal Anne. 4—l; laixqt a bye.
F lurUl routjo— Hot Ha.«te beat Ca*h. 11 — 6: l
«"a^allrr 1.-^at 4-!: Forest Kin* a. bye. I
J-tixT drawn.
Kirth round — Cavalier beat Hot Harte. £ — 0;
rnr»>*t Kins a bye.
Find'.-For^st Kir.j beat Cavalier. Ti— lS.
Frank Baker received the black dog
Soft Goods from Australia on Friday and '
s-wjld him yesterday to R. K. de 11. jLor»ez. i
He cornea with a pood record earned in
competition and is a likely looking dog.
James Bireeney. the well-known handle- !
t.f greyhounds, arrived here from the '
ICast on Saturday with a string of ten i
tiog*. Among them is imp. Temple, the ;
property of John Oharleton. ?ocrt-tary of '
the American Coursing Heard. He has !
s-lx dogs belonging; to Russell. Allen & '
>Vil«ton. Two of thf-m are by St. Clair- i
llcMtell'a Nancy. On**, a black dog, is a :
picture of Connomara. Jle is racy look- i
ing and has been srnt here especially for ;
the John <Jrace Challenge cup £take.' Mr.
Handy sends Twin City Girl. Ben Bolt.
3>adv Hugo and a puppy which has been i
tried and found a cood one.
Ingleside Coursing
ra.o Alto won the puppy stalce at Ingle
slde Cour«ir:g Park yesteriav with Clover
us runner-up. The open stake was given
to Wild Tral<*e. Controller having been
•withdrawn. The day's results follow:
Open «Uk»: Fii>t round— Captain Kane's
Grr«r.hall beat Bartr'.s Bros.' Bottler's Best.
31'— 2; J. R. H;nU!i'i, Jrr.nie Wilson beat J. 1.
«/"Urien's Blimiimi. i— 2; liut-wll. Al>n it
WUaw'i 11:«» J'eiunan !>eat i, « ,- & Thomj.
tra'« KIM .Hal. S—l;S — I; J. H. Perieo's Controller
beat J. iiulden's Scottish Chief. 7—2; 11. A.
Jjeckeinians 1-awrenoe t>*at Barters Bros.'
Bens Bal>e. 4—2; F. McComb's Motto beat f.
}*ofLan'f, Mihs <Jr!r.zle.. u— S; Joe Thrlrt's St
Michael beat F. Mora.n'« Fal*e Flatterer. 6— *;
Oonneil Uroa.' Mamie Plensant beat 11. L.ynch'B
J^exin/fton. ?— I: T. J. Cron!n - « Wild Trale« beat
P. Mc<:abe'a Sky Blue. 4—2; A. Johnson's Raid
Ea^le beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Charming
Belie. 7-0: IS. M. Kellogs's Lady Gllasore t>eat
J. H. Pedro's Prett* dirl. IS— v»; M. Mi
>:*:...;'< Ulenroy beat Counell Bros.' Senorlta.
16— :0; 11. A. Deckelman's <Jlen Chloe b«at w'
C Uiacton's Terrona. :fr— o; A. Johnson's Tod
t~Io«r. beat J. I. O'JJrl'*n> Wandering Tom 4— J-
U. B. Kavanaeh's Hard Unu beat M Ml
oh&ilki's Joker. S- 1; J. M. CJark*on'» Black
Hawk beat llusteH. Allen & Wilsons Rosia
i'lalre. 11— C.
Second round— Oreenr-.all beat Jennie Wilson
*— 5; Controller beat Miss Penman. 4—o; Lawl
rer.ee l>eat Motto, f.— o; Mamie Pleasant beat St
Michael. »-7; Wild Tralee beat liald KarlV
:i>— S; Lady Gi'.more beat Glenroy, 8— «; Tod
liloan beat Glen Cfclo*. *— 7; Black Hawk beat
llnrd Line*. 4—o.4 — 0.
Third round — Controller beat Gre*nhall. 6 !:
ilamle Pleasant beat I.Awrene«. II — 6; " Wild
Tralee beat Ui!y Gllmore. 7—o;7 — 0; Tod Sloan beat
Black Hawk. 4—l.
Fourth nwnd — Controller beat Mamie Pleas
act. 21—11: VVild Tralee beat Tod Sloan. 6—o.
Kir.al— Wild TraJe* won. Controller belcr
withdrawn.
Puppy etake: Second round— J. R. Martlnefa
T?»rr,al H"y bent I. H. Frank> Glen Anne,
lfr— C: J. P. Thrift's Tar o' HIM beat J. Morl
r.r!ty*9 .llrrmv Anthony. 14—9: J. Watlclns*
llerclfal beat J. I. O'Brten'i Pasha Queen E— o-
E. Geary's Palo Alto beat W. C. Glaason's
S!eißh Delia, 11—4; Connell Eros.' Clover beat
Georee Beuhn'B Aloha. 6—4.
Thirf round— Herr.al Roy beat Tar o* Hill.
"— 0; Palo Alto beat Merciful. 6—l;6 — I; Clover ran
a. bye.
Fourth round— Clover beat Bernal Boy. 16—8;
Palo A!to ran a bye.
Final— Palo A! to beat Cover. 28—0.
STOCKTON COURSING.
Special D!pp»teh to The Call.
STOCKTON. Jan. 14.— The results of the
coursing at Goodwater Grove to-day are
as follows:
Rough Rider beat Dcwrey; Firm Foe beat
Clipper; Cash In beat Fair Florence: Black
Nlgrht beat Banlcter; Street Briar beat
lUack Chief; Geraldine beat The Prince; Ran
dom Aim beat Maiden: Copperhead beat Daisy
M: St. Elmo beat Iron DuKe; Peaceful Glen
beat Run Ashore; Pat Malloy tx>at The Frit
ter; Ilazei I, beat Revolver; Olympic beat The
Fretter In a bye; Kerry flow beat Thornhlll
Comet; Risky Attempt beat Hrentwood Belle;
Prince of Fa*Mon beat Sarah Gold.
Hf-cond round— Rough Rider beat Firm Foe;
RAWLINS IS
VICTOR ON
THE LINKS
Wins the Professional Golf
Tournament Handily After
a Close Contest.
Under a gray sky, not alluring to mer«
spectators, but pleasant to tha eyes of
golfers and favorable to good play, the
professional tournament on the Oakland
links was brought to a conclusion yester
day. The rlrst place and with It the
prize money of $100 went to Horace Raw
lins, whose score for the second eighteen
holes was exactly the same as for the
rlrst two rounds— S4. His total for thirty
six holes was thus 16S, giving him a lead
of' 6 over Alexander Smith, whose score
was 44 for each of the two last rounds
and 174 for the thlrty-slx holes. J. Mel
ville and David Stephenson were close on
the heels of Alexander Smith, having lib
each. \V. Anderson was but one stroke
behind these two, his score being 177- T.
W. Tetley played a better game than on
the tlrst day of the tournament, making
some pretty drives, but his Ftrokes lacked
vim; though his score of 43 for the Jast
nine holes was but two behind Rawlins'
score of 47 for the second nine holes. The
winner's score of 37 for the llrst nine and
40 for the last nine were the best two
rounds of the tournament. Rawlins
drove brilliantly, played well through the
green and made nome excellent approach
shots, but was a little off In his short
game, missing some easy putts. The
competitors were paired off as follows:
Alexander Smith and \V. Anderson. D.
Stephenson and J. Melville, H. Rawlins
and T. W. Tetley. The Jlrst pair started
•soon after 10:30 o'clock in the morning,
being followed at short Intervals by the
others. The thirty-six holes were finished
shortly after 1 o'clock, D. Stephenson and
J. Melville starting almost immediately
on another elghteen-hole trip to decide
the tie. Stephenson did the first nine
holes In 44 and Melville In 45, so that it
was still anybody's game. Stephenson,
however, made the second nine holes in
47, while Melville's score was 40. The
young San Francisco Club professional
accordingly won third money by three
strokes. The total scores for all the four
rounds (two played on Saturday and two
yesterday) were as follows:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1900.
RACING COURSING SPORTS SHOOTING G OLFING
GOOD RIFLE
SHOOTING AT
SHELL MOUND
Six Organizations Exhibit
Their Skill at the
Targets.
THE threatening weather did not de
ter a large number of rifle and pletoi
enthusiasts from participating in the
first shoot of tha season at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. Representatives
of six shooting organizations were pres
ent to lnaupuratG what promises to bo the
most interesting year from a shooting
_m m i in ¦¦? t*i ¥TTMIIII I>Tl
f2iP^ f'TTDPTI
X^C" uUUJjUi
WHEN we say "RUPTURE CURED" we
mean it, for it Is a fact that thousands of cures
have been accomplished by Dr. Pierces Wcrld-
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS during the past
twenty-five years. There is nothing else like It
on earth: It dofs the work! Have received so
many letters and testimonials that we hardly
know what to <1o with them all. If ruptured In-
vestigate at once. Our prices are reasonable,
but not cheap- We make no discounts. "Dr.
Pierces" Is THE truss, and you cannot be
harpy 1 till you cet It.
You can get our "UOOKLET No. 1" for noth-
ing by colling at the office, or It will be sent to
you on receirt of a 2-rent stamp. It tells all
about Ihls TRUSS. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
£W Market $treft. SAN FRANCISCO.
£.S Tribune buildlnc, NEW YORK.
THE NEW
tirtir ioth Day. «.s« 74 rnCKullii
VITALIS aw»vse: -j& QCMFHY
PRODI «tS TIIEABOTK 30th Day. C 1 tajta t.V 3 I a
RESULTS. It qui<-klT*«arelT remove* X«Mo<i«nw<. lc«««. Evil
I'r<-«nii, Wx-t uij; r>it»»s« St all effects >'f mU l>ll| or ex<-*%m It
Indi^cretionj. R-»tor M Urt Vit.ljty. Power A Kiilinir Mtmory.
Wardi eff Iminrry »nd Ci'runmption. Cur*» «rhs n ail nth^r. f»:l
ln»i«t on haTinj VITAUIS. no oth*r. Cm be «rrie.t in »est
pocket. l:v 'n ,¦• *i.1.1l | -r r«rk*i« or mix for »...»>«> w-th ;
ui!irtr.t"N. tare ->r ftrfnad Ih- Slaarjr. CirrnUr flr» Addrrv
CAM MX T (IKK CO.. Sti Dearborn kl, Chlracv
Bold in Sua Frascisea and OaUand by tbs O-vi Dru( Co.
I .i.ALASKA... |
| fJOMMERCIAL COMPANY. |
I NOME f ST. MICHAEL - DAWSON |
| ...AND... g
I ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER. |
| FOR NOME OIRECT- I
A From San Franctsca 8. 8. PORTLAND April M. IJW " ©
X From Seattle. S. 8. DORA April ». 1900 ©
q From San Francisco, S. S. RAINIER May 10. 1900 O
S FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS— |
® From San Francisco. S. S. ST, PAUL May 2S q
A A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafttr Q
A FOR JX^fKAC. SITKA. PRINCE WILLIAM SOUND. COOKS INLET. KODIAJC AND Q
q ALL INTERMEDIATE POINTS.
© From Seattle. S. S. BERTHA. Commencing April Bth. and ilonthly Thereafter. 9
0 For new folders, maps and further particulars as to freight and passaro. apply to •
O ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY, 310 Sansoma Street, San Francisco, Cal. ©
© For Seattle Saillncs Acrly to •
© CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual Life Bids.. Eeattls. Wash. ©
CALIFORNIAJHEATERSi-
ONE IC
EYE-
WITNESS BETTER
THAX TEX HEARSAYS.
ISCO or MORE PEOPLE SAT THROUGH AST*
WERE THOROUGHLY CHARMED WITH
The Countess Gucki
Augustin Daly's Delightful Comedy, as Pr«-
sentci by the
TO AW LEY COMPANY.
And Xo Advance In th» Prices.
Evening— Tic. iOc. 25c. Matinee — 60c 23c.
Xext Attraction — Th» Uproariously Funny
Farce, from tne French. "IN PARADISE."'
LsJ^ FAVOR BTE
,aT FOR WEAI& WOMEN.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOIIA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and liladder. Sells on its awn merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUXE. Ajfents.
321 Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular).
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT,
Every Xlpht. Includlnr Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Slanaeers "Wagenhnls and Kemper Present
America's Foremost Theatrical Or-
ganization. Headed by the Thre«
Distinguished Artists,
LOUIS JAMES.
KATHRYN KIDDER,
CHARLES B. HANFORD
And a Company of 37 People In tha Mammoth
Scenic Production of
THE WINTER'S TALE.
T\T|^nr»p:| Curtain will rl«e at 8:15. Car-
11 \J * *—' rlagt-s may be ordered for 10:50.
Thousands of Men
Restored at Home by
DR. MEYERS & CO..
Private Book Sent Free by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
The- Great Medical Institution of
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Has Been Established
Nineteen years.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Are the Only Specialists on
the Pacific Coast
Who Cure
Disease and Weakness of
MEN EXCLUSIVELY.
Office Hours: 8 to 5 Dally, 7 to 8
Dventnes, 9 to 11 Sundays. Elevator en-
trance.
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
ALC AZAR_TH EATER.
TO-NIGHT,
American Debut of
7YVAY BLAYNEY
In Oscar "Wilde's Beautiful Play
"LADY
WINDERMERE'S
FAINT!"
PRICES 15c. 23c. 35c, 500
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
MUSEUfiI OF ANATOtm
Qfy 1051 1UBXZT ST. lit. 6:i S7th. CI 1 . C -J. A
fef The Largnt Anatomical Museum in the \
-i*Jtew World AVeikne**es or any enntracted jB
(jtSSJI d ; **»« pe«ltl»rljr«-oro«l hy xtir oldest V
iffcaj Specialist 1 n the Coait. list. 36 yrart $)
fiia^ft OR. JOROAN-PRIVATE DISEASES £
PGThF&H Con«ult»tion fr-r and strictly pmate \
X jJ*V/ 5f Tr« nment personally or by letter. Aj
fi Jf vj H PoMiv* Cure in every ease undertaken. \
FII l!fP Write for Ik>ok, rBII.OHOPaV«rJ
H li ¦AnniAce, mailed frbs. (Ay
DEL XUBDAN 4* CO.. 1051 Market St., S. F. f
I "! am well satisfied with the results of your Belt, for
: it has completely cured me of articular rheumatism,"
*» Writes H. S. WcoJ, 1015 Va- \ i r
X lencia street, San Francisco, ¦\^*J&£!^//
If you are in the least skep- j^^^^^^^^^^k
¦i iical as to its value write to /Js^^sS§sS^SlV\
•; Mr. Wcoi and he will gladly ,*{^t&SANlJf W 5 ;^>
? tell you what it has done for /^^***S^^£^^'ii
? him. When buying m/ Belt jiff Kr|**ti&=P" ?*Efl iPi %
? 1 want every one to feel that I *^^^
? they are getting full value for tkriAl
X their money and not a cheap, /I W:*
£ worthless article, such as ' "
? many are presenting to the public to-day and representing to be
4 my famous
I DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT,
+ Which has a reputation of over 30 years' standing. It has to Its creditover
J £030 cures for last year. Write to-day for my Iree book, "T^res Classes of
*» Men," which is sent s?-l:d upon application, or call ac my office and consult
? me Iree of charge. Offi:: hours, 9to 6; Sundays, 10 to 1.
tDR T A SANDFN « third street,
119k Si sprlaz SL, Los Aizelbs, Cal; Enssei Biiuiai, Pcniail, Or.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING. Jan. 1-20. 1300. Inclusive.
Six hlEh-clasa running races every week day
rain or shire, beginning at 1-30 p in.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars lnu
a superb crand stand, class-enclosed wher«
comfortably housed i n bad weather they caa
enjoy an unobstructed view of th« races
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets ¦•
9:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:13 12 & vj -\
ana 1:25 p. m.. returning immediately ' art™,
last race at 4:45 p. m. Rear car* reserved for
¦women and their escorts. Xo smokinr Vai.r,
cla street 10 minutes later. »«*«a»
San Jose anJ way station*. Arrive at «?a-«
Eruno^at 12:^45 p. m. Leave San Druno Vt 47(3
ZZ a .T«,ir?X'S is 5SE"xi"? '-
This!
6
COMPETITORS.
s
o
c
05
8
o
3
C
3
I
3
o
c
-3
&
ft
?
: I
Horace RaTrlins 37 47 44 40 161
Alexander Smith 45 41 44 44 IT*
J. Melville 42 45 43 45 176
D. Stephenson 45 46 43 42 176
W. Anderson 46 43 45 43 177
T. W. Tetley D 4 61 E3 49 | 217
The score by holes was as follows:
11. Rawllns Out— € 6 5 5 5 4 5 4 4—444 — 44
In -45554464 3—4o— S4
T. W. Tetley Out-7 6 8 4 5 5 6 8 4-63
In — 6565655 C 4—43—102
A. Smith Out— s 6 G 5 4 4 5 6 4— «4
In — 56654455 4—44— 83
W. Anderson Out— 6 5 6 5 4 4 5 5 6—(56 — (5
In —5 5544456 5—43— SS
L>. Stephenson Out— 6 5 5 4 4 3 6 C 4—434 — 43
In —56554455 2—42— S3
J. Melville Out— s 5 5 5 4 3 5 6 5—43
In —5 6605355 4—45— SS
COMPETITORS.
s
o
c
05
8
o
3
C
3
I
3
o
c
-3
&
ft
?
: I
Horace RaTrlins 37 47 44 40 161
Alexander Smith 45 41 44 44 IT*
J. Melville 42 45 43 45 176
D. Stephenson 45 46 43 42 176
W. Anderson 46 43 45 43 177
T. W. Tetley D 4 61 E3 49 | 217
The score by holes was as follows:
11. Rawllns Out— € 6 5 5 5 4 5 4 4—444 — 44
In -45554464 3—4o— S4
T. W. Tetley Out-7 6 8 4 5 5 6 8 4-63
In — 6565655 C 4—43—102
A. Smith Out— s 6 G 5 4 4 5 6 4— «4
In — 56654455 4—44— 83
W. Anderson Out— 6 5 6 5 4 4 5 5 6—(56 — (5
In —5 5544456 5—43— SS
L>. Stephenson Out— 6 5 5 4 4 3 6 C 4—434 — 43
In —56554455 2—42— S3
J. Melville Out— s 5 5 5 4 3 5 6 5—43
In —5 6605355 4—45— SSIndoor Baseball.
The T. M. C. A. Indoor baseball team
will play the Olympic nine to-morrow
night in the Olympic gymnasium. Tho
line-up will be as follows:
Olympic. Positions. T. M. C. A.
Lon Follansbee Catcher Lytton
Butz or James Pitcher Shaw
Mngnahan First hane Morton
Haley Second base Goodrich
Hanrahan Third base Barbour
Valdesplno Short stop Scott
Fuller R- S. S Stouttenberg
Caxtwrtght RlKht field Burke
Derham Left field Toohey
Umpires — A. M. Stone, Olympic, and W. Mc-
Bhane. V. M. C. A.
REV. J. A. B. WILSON MAKES
APPEAL TO CITY OFFICIALS
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson of the
Howard-street Methodist Church In his
discourse on "Things to Como" last even-
Ing made an appeal to the Supervisors
and Police Commissioners to make and
enforce a law by which the saloons of
this city may be controlled. He advo
cated the closing at midnight of all places
where liquor Is sold and the abolishing of
all side and private entrances; also to
have all saloons closed on the Sabbath.
"Side rooms and private apartments
should be abolished," said he. "It is in
these places where the evils of the com
munity are hatched and matured. Inno
cent young women are led into these
pitfalls of the devil to be ruined for life.
Three-fourths of all evils that are per
petrated In the community take place in
the saloons after midnight. It is in these
places where robberies, bloodshed and
other crimes are conceived, when respec
table and God-fearing people are at tneir
homes and in their beds. The new Board
of Supervisors will have to re-enact all of
the ordinances and the Police Commis
sioners have full and complete control
over the Issuance of liquor licenses. Then,
It Is not asking too much to have these
two boards properly regulate the sale of
intoxicants within the city limits."
A CLEAR CONSCIENCE BRINGS
GREAT JOY AND CONTENTMENT
Rev. F. B. Cherlnffton delivered a ser
mon on "The Authority of Conscience" to
the congregation of Plymouth Congrega
tional Church yesterday morning. Tie
said:
Conscience 1» the most mysterious yet most
vividly real and potent thing in man's nature.
Round up inseparably with the deepest and
best things in our constitution 1b a recognition
of the authority of the little word "oueht."
To obediently regrard it brings a sense of peace
and «atlsfafctlon to the Inner life. To disre
gard it is to Illnu sand Into all the delicate
bearings of the moral machinery of our being
and destroy its finest working, and ultimately
bring ruin to It all. This conscience la an un
welcom© companion with the man who has
settled It with himself that he will stick at
nothing: which would hinder him In money
gettlnff. plaee-seeklns or pleasure-hunting;. He
¦who socks to silence It by searing in with a
hot iron or by smothering: it or killing It out
right has already sold himself to Ratan. Th»
beat In him Is dead and the worst Is In power.
The putting out of one'o own eyes or cutting
off one's own hands or feet is slight «elf-malm
lnc compared with that of killing one's con
science.* The only terms of peace with It are
unconditional surrender of heart and life to
its olain dictates. The thing nearest like
Eden on this earth Is a clear conscience. He
who Is driven out of Eden cornea back to It
only through a Gethsemane.
FUNERAL OF A NOTED
PIONEER PHYSICIAN
DR. O. H. MALECH CREMATED
AT ODD FELLOWS.
A large number of his lifetime friends
paid their last respects yesterday after
noon to Dr. Gustav Herman Malech,
whose body lay encofflned and covered
with flowers In the meeting-room of Har
mony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F. The cere
monies were marked with simplicity and
the few words of Dr. Hempnill touched
the hearts of nil present.
From the lodgeroom the body was
THE LATH DR. MALECH.
borne by eight of Dr. Malech's most In
timate friends, who acted as pall-bearers.
They were Henry Huffsehmidt, Philip
Hlrleman, L. Plage. Tobias Hock, M.
Coleman, F. F. Schneider. Albert Heath
and William Hatteroth. The funeral pro
cession then bepan its march from Odd
Fellows' Hall to the cemetery, where the
body was cremated.
Dr. Malech was born in Germany in
1821, emigrating to America when he had
reached nis nineteenth year. His early
medical education was obtained in Phil
adelphia and his first practice was in
New York City.
When the sold fever turned the tide
of emigration Westward Dr. Malech fell
in the line of march and landed in this
State in ISSI. continuing his medical and
Biirglcal work till the time of his death.
Besides beinpr a physician of note and
ability. Dr. Malech earned a reputation
as a musician of no mean measure. He
was the founder and director of the first
einpinff society in San Francisco and
while in New York he sang with Jenny
Llnd in concert. Some Of Dr. Malech's
compositions have distinct musical merit.
Dr. Malech leaves a brother, three sons
and a daughter.
T^Tith my own eres. beini? ujxra th» «eec«. I
raw the Putt-Putt E'Jn. and the fire of the
fh.irr»hr>otprs trarpil upon cur ambulances
thrt-e time* and upon our etretcher bearers
on innumerable occasion!*— ln fact, whenever
O>KT KM to their fe-t ton the right of the
pj end attempted to perform th«>!r wcrk.
Ralph relates with the feeling of onu
¦who suffered, the hardships which lack
of water imposed on Mi?thuen's men dur
ing the march toward Kimtxjrley. Says
he:
We never }ckf about water. The firrt time
we rfa'.ly appreciated it we were starting cut
frnm < 'ranee River. We were marching and
peemefl to rend tfce earth's blanket of atmop
phere and let the tun's heat rut up^n us as If
W p were so many ttokers in the hroiling belly
¦<¦:? a tfciD. On and on we marched. In heavy
F3nd cr over Ftones. or etumbiinc across Jur
rovtd ground— all Sloping like fish thrown on
2 heaeh.
At first our l!rs dried nnd erarked. then
rur mouth* j>arche,d and finally our throats be
am* 1 c? if they were coated with plaster of
Part*. The hair shriveled en our heads and
i ;r f»et prew dry as driveled hones. Here end
a tiitin fell forward on his hands and
Jinees er s:umbled out cf ranks end lurched
prone m the veldt.
We came to PlnhanV* a yellow. Spanlsh
kinp houpe. All al>out were trees. In and
about i*» yard hoi-yes an<3 mules passed tn
fcores and behind the house the Tommies
or •»*<,; like bees around a honey pot. fl!llnic
m I > other ToTr.rr.ief walked around anl
¦ ) a lart ef windlass that runiped new
Tv;tt<>r Into the tank.
Every man filled Ms bottle, emptied It down
bta threat and tilled It ataln.
A wat^r n:ar.!a. a thlrft rr.ainess ui*m th«
arrry. We xadiled In Fpl'.W v.ater and the
* lunds It mile in pourlnp. purrlinr «nl
eft re.
W> have l*ame<l what war is. an<l more
about the Boer than we kr:»w a month oe".
but above all we fcn.ve- Seamed the value of
water.
TALES OF WAR
FROM THE FRONT
Continued from Third Page.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 14.-Rev. W. B.
Andorson. pastor of the African
Methodist Episcopal Church of this
city, figures in an Interesting epi
sode which. It is announc*yj, will
form the subject of Inquiry by the
presiding elder of this district. It ap-
I ear* thru iho clergyman's wife and
daujrht^r are visiting in the South and
p'.nco their departure he has made Xre
queni clerical calls at the homes of his
parishioners.
Tho Btory poos that \*ion he telephoned
to the homo of W. P. Thompson, a
plumber, a request for a ham and eggs
lir^jikfast. which he intended to eat with
ihA plumber'a wife, the husband became
|rat« ar.il determined to put a stop to th»
\>;- -mns of the preacher. That night
Thompson repaired to the locality of the
church and made a warlike demonstra-
Mnn ;^r:iins=t the elorpryman. exhibiting a
revolver of robust dimensions, which one
of the deacons had much difficulty In re
li rising from his irrlp. The story goes
that the clerp-yman made a bee line for
a harbor of safety, and that no prayer
trifling was held in the church that
night.
Thompson has since declared that the
Town is not big enough to hold himself
and the Rev. Mr. Anderson. The latter
came here from San Frandßco come
months apo and created such a favora
ble impression that the congregation In
creased his salary. He is defended by
many of tho church people, among whom
Mrs. Thompson Is held in high esteem.
OFFER TO PAY
GOLD FOR THE
LOSS OF LIFE
Arbitration on the
Highbinder War.
HOP SINGS ARE OBSTINATE
FUED MAY BREAK OUT AGAIN
AT ANY TIME.
«
Suey Sings "Will Pay §200 for Each
Man They Killed, but Their
Rivals Ask Much
More.
The arbitration committee which has
been appointed to adjust the differences
that caused the tong war between the
Hop Sings and the Suey Sings met yes
terday afternoon and evening in the head
quarters of the See Yup Society at the
corner of Clay street and "Waverly place.
It consisted of three members of other
tongs and representatives of the warrine
factions were present. Until a late hour
last night nothing in tho nature of a
peaceful adjustment had been made and
the concensus of opinion among the
Chinamen Is that bullets will fly in the
Chinese quarter shortly after the holi
days, or before if tho police protection Is
The attitude of the Hop Sing Society
before and even after the treaty was
signed has been extremely warlike. They
lost four men on account of their mi
nority of forces, and just as the armis
tice wfre declared they were preparing
to take their revenge. A temporary ces
sation of hostilities was forced upon them
by the merchants on account of holiday
trade, and they consented to It with much
reluctance. On the day the treaty was
made an attempt was made to murder
one of their men in Marysvllle, and this
action enraged them so that for the past
few days they have endeavored to secure
possession of the compact they signed In
order to destroy it. In the event that they
were unsuccessful they intended to again
plungre into hostilities regardless of their
pledge.
When the committee met yesterday the
Suey Sings were ready with an offer to
pay the Hop Singrs $200 for each of four
men who were killed by them. This prop
osition the Hop Sings refused to listen
to. and after much threatening on the
part of the merchants in case they de
cided to continue hostilities, placed the
price at $500 per man, which is consid
ered exorbitant in tong wars, and which.
It is believed, they knew their rivals
would never consent to pay. The high
figure not being accepted, the Hop Sings
now have an excuse to continue the war.
INSTALLED US
THE SUCCESSOR
OF DR. STEBBINS
Rev. Dr. Leavitt Takes
Charge.
CHANGE IN FIRST UNITARIAN
>
THE FORMER PASTOR'S WORDS
OF FAEEWELL.
Exhorts the Young Minister to Gain
the Love and Confidence of His
Congregation So as to
Succeed.
The Installation services of the r.ew
minister, tho Rev. Bradford Leavltt. at
the First Unitarian Church yesterday
morning were sadly Impressive.
Rev. Dr. Stebbins, who for th,e . past
thirty-five years has presided -as- minister
of the church, retired formally from his
post and was succeeded by a ypung man,
who by his quiet yet earnest manner
made a deep Impression on the large con
gregation that had gathered to wit
ness the ceremony. In one part of th«
service, when Dr. Stebbins and' the Rev.
Mr. Leavitt stood side by side on the
dais, Dr. Stebbins making hi 9 charge to
his successor, the contrast of the tw6 men
was very touching. Dr. Stebbins "with a
firm voice making his final farewell to tha
people whom he had loved, consoled and
advised for so many years i the Rev. Mr.
Leavltt, young in experience yet full of
Christian zeal, and with a face lit up full
of enthusiasm.
Dr. Stebbins said in part
• "I do not wish to formally charge your
next minister with his duties. I do not
wish to mak any suggestions. All I wish
to tell him is that I know the success that
has met me In my work came because I
received the love and confidence of all the
congregation. I have never wanted my
parishioners to- be more than they really
are, and have only asked them to do their
duty the best they knew how. When f
have made mistakes I have recognized
the fact, and if I have ¦wronged any one
I have always gone afterward and told
him I was wrong and asked him to for
give me. A minister can have no dissen
sions in his church if he has the love of
his people."
The programme of the service was as
follows:
Orsran prelude, "Offertolre" (Field). H. Bre
therick; anthem. "The Lord Is My Light"
(Parker), quartet and chorus; hymn 162. choir
and DeoDle; reading of Scriptures. Rev. Dr.
Stebblns; llturtry. Rev. George R. Dodson;
"Gloria." congregation standing (Buck); pray
er. Rev A. J. Wells; anthem. "How Lovely
Are Thy I>welllncs Fair" (Spnhr). soprano
solo Miss Cohn and chorus: address to min
ister and people, Rev. Dr. Ptebbins; presentft
ilon of the symbols of office. Frank J. Sym
mes, moderator of board, of trustees: offertory
and anthem. "How Beautiful Upon the Moun
tains" (Dayaß), soprano polo, duet and chorus;
address. Rev. Georgre Whitfleld Stone of Kan
sas City,, representative of the American Uni
tarian Association: hymn 104. choir and people;
benediction, Rev. Mr. Leavltt; orjran postlude.
"Grand Solemn March." E flat <Lenart). .
Trunks, valises, pocketbooks, card
cases, letter cases and traveling seta let-
tered free of charge wnen bought from
Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
Plague in Australia.
ADELAIDE, South Australia, Jan. 15.—
The health authorities report two cases
of bubonic plague here, on«#being fatal.
The victim was a runaway sailor from the
British bark Formosa.
BIRTH OF CHRIST AND
HIS MISSION ON EARTH
Rev. T. Brown preached last evening at
the African Methodist Episcopal Zion
Church. 805 Stockton street, on "The Birth
of Christ and His Mission in the World."'
He deemed the subject the grandest, on
earth, and* said that, taken merely a? n
man, there had never been a person who
could be compared to the Christ of Beth-
JAPAN PREPARING FOR
WAR WITH RUSSIA
Aggressiveness of the Czar's Minions
at Korea Given as the
Casus Belli.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
KOBE. Japan, Jan. 14.— That war be
tween Japan and Russia is Inevitable
hourly becomes more apparent. The casus
belli is, of course, the aggressiveness of
the Czar's minions In Korea. Russian
warships are wintering at Masampo,
Korea where Russian subjects succeeded
last fall In effecting a surreptitious pur
chase of 170 acres on the beach and where
Russia Intends building fortiilcations
which will control the harbor.
War materials are now being- gathered
and an attempt to erect forts will be the
signal for an outbreak. Tho Japanese
press, which is more or less under the
control of the Government at all tirm-s
denies there is any trouble brewing, but
every man of intelligence in the empire
knows the denials are diplomatic and in
tended for Russian consumption.
The Japanese army is being quietly
placed upon a war footing, and no navy
of any power ever was more ready tor
active operation than that now sailing
under the Japanese flag. And further
Russian demonstrations at Masampo will
be a signal for an outbreak.
So far as the army is concerned, it is
equipped with the most improved pattern
of rifles and plenty of ammunition.
Late mall advices from Korea declare
|np~ For S
; lm the pleasure going out of your
•. life? Are you losing the ambition, |
™ the vim and "grit which belong g
| to vigorous manhood? Are you r
' weak. lazy, despondent — losing- your G
I grip on lif<j? If £0, read my book, g
- Arouse yourpclf long enough to i
read what is saJd by thousands of £
'. nappy rocn who were once as bod g
off as yourself, but are now walk- g
: irijr the earth with their heads up E
\ ar:<3 their hearts bounding with the H
r gladness of renewed youth. n
MY BOOK~IS FREE. 1
j There is a cure for such as you I
I txA my bock tell* about It and about I
i yourotif. Bend for it now. It will 1
prove the fruldng' star to your fu- I
ture. I send It closely sealed, freo. |
-\ dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, J
I ' TO Market Ft., cor. Kearny, 8. F.: Bur- B
;j Cick Ulo'k, cor. Eprlns: and Second itt., bg
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
ORAND HOTEI
F B McElroy. L Am
W G Jewell. Sacto
E W Westgate. R Vlst
D Holllster, Courtland
H C Head. Santa Ana
C H Crawford. Stnfrd
T J Younff. Cal
W C Fahey. S Mateo
J Kullman. Bentcla
G M Moody. Elko.Nev
J Day. San Jose
H Leon. San Jose
T Eelknap. Oakland
E B Strohn, Stanford
A McDermott & w, Ta
coma,
Sam Frank. Seattle
H N Savage. National
City
Mrs C II Lawrence.Na
tional Cltjr
G Watt, Austin. Nev
Mrs Xewman. Willand
X H 9chlvely. Orovlle
J M 'Woon'bridee, Trka
N A Dalrymple, Psdna
PAL
D Morrison. L Ann
W A Effect. Chlcaga
H E CaldwelL Cal
Ada Melrose. N V
Ueatrlce Ktce. N T
E A Braden, N V
P Robinson. Vall*Jo
W H Robinson. N X
T M Walsh, X V
J Scott. Winnipeg
G B Dunphy. N V
W E Germain. N O
XV M Ward. N V
J D Eamberirer. X V
NEW WEST]
Miss X Hubberly. S Js
W B Knott. Redding
J X Smith, Isleton
C O Cooper, Fresno
Vl* Chlnn. Petaluma
O E Jones, Merced
J Mulroy. Los Ans
C Clements. Stockton
n Johnson, X V
J McKenzie, Wlsner
W H Fervall * w. Sao
F Smith. Stockton
F Triskman, Crockett
P Cahn, Stockton
A L. McCralg & w.Clo
verdale
H L Kapp. Sonora
E L Scott. Porterville
A Dlokman, WatsonTll
T O Walker, Cal
J Hause & w. S Lftk*
A F. Holmes. S Lak»
D Bnttensteln. Vallejr>
H Thurtell. Reno
L. C Kon*r«. Healclstis
H B Muir. Cklah
P Pendleton. Saratoga
J B <le Jarratt. Colusa
I. A Sheldon. Slsson
A Johnson. Cofjuelle
C T Hill &. ¦"<¦. Newark
M L Emmet t A w,
Duryea
Mrs J C Mumma.
Duryea
\CE.
A T Bllsa. Portland
\V J Reid, Chicago
C A Davis. Chicago
P V Chlnn & w. Sact<>
I II Beretta. < lak'.and
J MacElroy, N V
J V Davis. Jackson ,
T L Fllli». L. Ang
W J Cahlll. >T V
F Pverkroot & «r. S b
H French. Chicago
E S Cordon A w. S R
Dr W Taylor & w. Cal
S H Lothian. L, Ang
ZRS HOTEL.
Mm L. C Pape. Stcktu
• J W Dunbar. Redding
J A Dawsnn & w. Or
F Williams. Sonor*
J C Ross. Made-re
P J Murtha, Sacto
J X Sutton. Sulaua
H McDonald. UklaJ
J X Hall. Fresno
C il Ball, Oregsa
Grand Master to Visit.
W. A. Bonynge, grand master of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows, will, dur
ing the balance of the month, make offi
cial visits as fallows: To Solano Lodge,
Benicla, January 16; Sulsun Lodge, 16th;
Elmira Lodge. 17th; Montezuma Lodge at
Dixon, 18th; Rio Vista Lodge, 19th; Birds
Landing Lodge. 20th; San Pablo and
Golden State lodges in Joint meeting at
Vallejo. 226; Dunnigan Lodge, 23d; Craf
ton Lodge at Blacks, 24th; River Lodge at
Crafton, 25th; Madison Lodge, 26th; Capay
Lodge, 27th; Woodland Lodge, 29th, and
Yolo Lodge at Davisville on the 30th. The
sessions of Bulsun. Montezuma, Rio Vis
ta, Crafton. Woodland and Yolo will ba
special ones to receive the head of the
order.
Builders Contracts
8 B A^erell (owner) with Ed Cot (con
tractor), architect C. J. Colley-All work ex
cept painting and plumbing for alterations an. I
additions to two two-story frame bulMlngs on
E line of Mission street. 300:04 N of Thirteenth.
8* 8" drttrees E 141:9, N 14 degrees 4o minutes.
E 4*0:7%. N Sl degrees 45 minutes. W 133:10. S
V-UVi Mission block 13; $2700.
*S«m!» owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architect same— Plumbing for same on same;
Electric Light and Power Com
n»rv <owner> with John McCarthy (contractor).
»rrhit«ts Keld Brothers— Workmanship and
material and completing the brick work for
™»in central power station, between Humboldt
"nd Twenty-third streets, from W side of
Georgia eastward; HS.OCO.
J-imes L Flood (owner) with Oeorgre Oood
man (contractor), architect J. E. Krafft-Ail
work for concrete bulkhead walls, together with
rxravatlons and grading, on lot on N line of
uroadway 137:6 W of Buchanan street. W 137:«.
N 5eV.14. S 17:«. E 1:«. S U7:«; $12.?.3.V
Chun Sic Chow * Chan Hung (owners* with
\f V Brady (contractor), architect Charles Z.
and additions to a four-story
iii-irW building on N line of Coramtrclnl »tirct.
103-1H E of Dupont. E 34:44 by N 49:6; $1373.
Union Printers' Aid Society.
The Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society
held its semi-annual meeting yesterday
afternoon at 32 O'Farrell street and elect
ed the following officers to serve for the
ensuing Blx months: President, Leo
Michelson; first vice president. James T.
Kelscy; second vice president, W. U.
Bowen; recording secretary, George
11. Branch; financial secretary, George
H. Knell; treasurer, W. J. White;
marshal, S. H. Jenner; guardian,
D. Connell; physician, Dr. W. C. Berry:
druggist, George Dahlbender: board or
directors— J. 11. King. F. W. Gnekow, S.
T. Sawyer, E. H. Carey and J. P. Olwell.
RICH STAKES ANNOUNCED.
Louisville Jockey Club Prepares for
the Spring Meeting.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Jan. 14.— The new
Ixmlsvllle Jockey Club announces that the
following stakes for the spring meeting
of 1900 will close on January 15:
Debutante *take«. for two-year-old fillies;
$1300 • four furlongs.
Wenonah stake*, for two-year-oM colts and
rpl.linßs- value $1300: four and one-half furlongs.
luvenlie stakes, a selling sweepstakes, for
two-year-olds; value $!2r.0; five furlongs. Those
entered to be sold for $2:00 to carry weight for
aC 13iue Grass stafcM. for three-year-olds that
have not won a sweepstakes or two races prior
to the clwlng of this stake; valu» $1300; tin
and one-half furlonss.
Mademoiselle stakes, a Belling: rweepstakes
for three-year-oM fillies: value $1250; ieven fur
longs Those entered to be Bold for J3OCO to
carry' weight for age.
Premier stakes, for three-year-olds; value
$1300; one mile.
Frank Fehr stakes, selling sweepstakes for
three-year-olds and upward; value $1300.
Those entered not to be sold to carry five
pounds extra. If for $3000. weight for ase. One
The Turf Congress handicap, for three-year
olds and upward; $2000 added UIOOO by the club
and $100 by the Turf Congress), of which $300
to second $150 to third and $500 to be appor
tioned as follows: 40 per cent. 20 per cent and
10 per cent to the trainers of the first, second
and third horses respectively, and 15 per cent.
10 rer cent and 5 per cent respectively to th«
Jockeys riding them. Weights to appear three
days prior to the day of the race. One mile
and a sixteenth.
The following stakes (closed In 1S38) will
also be run:
Kentucky Oaks, three-year-old fillies: one mils
and a sixteenth.
Clark stakes, three-year-olds; one mile and
an eighth.
Kentucky Derby, three-year-olds; one mlla
and a quarter.
FOOTBAL L MEN CONFER.
Future of the Annual Intercollegiate
Game to Be' Decided To-Day.
BERKELEY, Jan. 14.— A meeting.' of
critical importance to university athletics
on the coast will be held to-morrow after
noon, when President Wheeler will hold
a consultation with the student commit
tee on athletics for the purpose of de
termining the action to be taken ' with
regard to the faculty recommendations
concerning football. These recommenda
tions declare against the employment of
Eastern coaches. San Francisco games
and in favor of a shorter season.
While President Wheeler, by signing the
recommendations, could make them bind
ing on both California and Stanford, he
has declined to act in the matter with
out first sounding student opinion, de
claring that he proposes to be euided by
their judgment.
'In any case, the athletic management
is anxious for an early decision, as it
will be necessary to act at once If Kelly
or any other first-class Eastern man is
to be secured to coach the Blue and Gold
eleven this year.
Trainer Hefferdln will come over . this
week and resume charge of all men who
enter for the spring events.
Prince Alfieri Dead.
ROME Jan. 14.-Prir.ce Alflerl. com
mander 'of the Papal Guard of Nobles,
died to-day. _
Ex-President's Brother Hurt.
BEAUMONT. Texas, Jan. 14— Q. S. Har
rlson, a real estate man of Kansas City,
a brother of ex-President Harrison, was
kicked on the head by a vicious horse
here. He was knocked senseless and hla
skull was fractured. He is resting ea«ily
under the Influence of opiates and his
physjeians hope for his recovery.
DEWEY ON EMIGRATION.
Admiral Dewey's cousin, W. W. Dewey,
spoke before the Social Democratic party
last ni*ht at 117 Turk street. His subject
was "Emigration."
"It is not my purpose to level shots
against the emigrant." said Mr. Dewev
"What we must fight are the unwise laws
which do not show the proper degree of
discrimination. Contract labor should
never be In this country, and all emi
gration that results in this should be done
away with for all time."
The meeting was enthusiastio and the
attendance large.
FOUGHT HAND TO HAND
ON LADYSMITH HILLS
LONDON. Jan. 15.— A special fll«patcn
fr^rn the Hoofdt Laappr at La<lysm:tli,
date*' Jar.aary 3, via Lourenzo Marquez,
d^scr!hhjs the assault on January 6 upon
I-adypmith Fays:
"The British made no attempt to hold
the first line of breastworks, but made
an exceedingly stubborn resistance at the
next row. Every inch was Ftubbornly
contested and conspicuous bravery was
displayed on both sides.
'•After 10 o'clock the British artlllerv
fire slackened, and a terrible individual
contest ensued emons: the riflemen for the
possession of Platt-Rand ridge. At noon
a heavy thunder storm interrupted the
battle, lasting two hours.
"Althnujrh the burghers succeeded in ul
timately gaining possession of most of the
British positions on the western side of
the Platt-Rand, they were finally obliged
to retire from most of the ground they
occupied. The British were the more
Ftrongly entrenched, th^ir redoubts hemg
still fully loopholed, and the combat was
fo close that rifles wore frequently fired
at arm's U-r.gih. It was a hand-to-hand
er.cmir.ter. with the m<>n on both sides
<*.(rhtinjf like demons, and the horror and
I'fwll^nnent of the scene could scarcely
1 c paralleled.
*Th«» operations were continued the
next day (Sunday) on a smaller scale, but
it is reported that as a result of one of the
forlorn hopes one gun and two ammuni
tion wap<">r.p were captured."
A dispatch to the Daily Mail. datM Jan
uary 12. from Plptormaritzburfr says:
•'Eir Charlos Warrrn marched with 11.
0/v> men eastward from Frere by way of
Weenen. Hi? scouts found no Fign of the
oncmy at Groblcrs Kloof, and Colenso was
nscortain^d to be deserted. There are
rumors that the Boers are preparing to
leave Natal, discouraged by their failure
to reduce I^adysmith. All the colonials
and Ul>KUi»ni have boon placed und?r
General Warren's command.
"Among the Free Staters killed in the
nuack on Ladypmith on January 6 was
Commandant de Villlers. who but for his
¦well-known friendlim-ss to England ¦would
have b»»ea cnmmander-ln-chief of the Fice
State forces."
TREASON PROCEEDINGS
AGAINST COLONISTS
CAPK TOWK, Wednesday. January
30.— The proceedings for treason Instituted
against the Dutch colonials who were
taken in arms at Sunnyside are being
pressed. Witnesses have been lnterro-
Ryan Challenges for White.
Phil Ryan, proprietor of the San Fran
cisco handball court at S3S Howard street.
Is out with a challenge for J. White to
match him against any man In San Fran
cisco, except J. Collins, his mate, for $20
even money. This sum can be had by
any man in this city who can defeat the
young cyclone player in a match of three
best games out of five. All Ryan asks in
that two weeks' notice bo given before
the play takes place.
The play yesterday was spirited an<l
well contested. The following are the
scores:
P Steiner and G. McDonald defeated M.
McNeil and P. McKlnnon. Score: 21— 10.
•1^ <w «H j3
T*" McManus and P. Hutchlnson defeat
ed G. Hutchlnson and G. Shannon. Score:
2i_s ' v 21 21—9.
W* H. Sleberst and G. B. Hay ward de
feated D. J. Sheehan and M. Berger.
Score- 21-17. »-21. 21-11.
J R. Bockman and V,'. H. Kedlan de
feated L. Waterman and E. McDonough.
Score- 21—13. 20—21, 21— IS.
\V Magulre and A. McVicker defeated
J. Condon and T. Foley. Score: 21—13.
« tf 21 2 1 1 5
"r Housman and J. Kirby defeated K.
Toy and T. Foley. Score: 21-8, 13-21.
fl w 'Anderson and C. Leiter defeated P.
Ba."ch and M. Berwin. Score: 21-10.
la r" 1 Serres and E. White defeated A.
Wh'lteman an<l TV. Johnson. Score:
"I—6 llr— "*1 21—13.
~ A ' Hampton and R. Llnehan defeated
J White and J. Collins three straight
games Score: 21-13. 21-IG. 21-20.
WHEELMEN
ESTABLISH
NEW MARKS
Fritz Lacey Defeats H. B.
Freeman in a Motor-
Paced Race.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 14.— At the Indoor
bicycle races this afternoon Fritz Lacey
of this city defeated H. B. Freeman of
Portland in a ten-mile motor-paced race.
After the first mile all coast competition
records were broken up to the seventh
mile The ten miles were finished a
minute inside the coast record, made by
McFarland at San Francisco last Febru
ary. Lacey's time being 19:07.
All world's records would have been
broken if the three motors used had not
given out. Freeman rode unpaced much
of the way. as his pacing machine gave
out on the fourth mile. Lacey's chain
also came off and lost him a lap when he
was cutting down the records
Orlando Stevc-ns won his heat of the
handicap in 2:00 U. remarkable time, beinsr
only one second outside the world's rec
ord' Summary: Professional handicap,
one mile, won by Iver Lawson. Chicago.
1^ varrts- O. L.. Stevens, Ottumwa. lowa,
scratch, second; C. Turvtlle. Philadelphia,
5(1 yards, third: Hardy Downing, San Jose,
20 yards, fourth. Time. 2:04.
The two-mile motor tandem race was
won by Turvllle and Stevens. Lawson
and Chapman second. Time. 3:16.
THOUSAND DOLLAR DEFICIT.
The University Glee Club Played in
Hard Luck on Its Northern
Tour.
BERKELEY, Jan. 14.— The University
of California Glee Club came In from the
north to-night after what proved to be
one of the most successful tours, musi
cally, and most disastrous, financially,
that the club has ever taken.
The tour Included concerts at Marj-s
vllle, Red Bluff, Redding, Yreka, Ashland,
Albany, Salem. Grants Pass. Cnico. Port
land, Tacoma. Everett. New Whatcom.
Seattle and Eugene. The net loss on the
tour will amount. to a thousand dollars.
As the last year's management handed
down a deficit of some nine hundred dol
lars the organization seems to be threat
ened with serious difficulties. The boys
are not discouraged, however. Perfect
harmony prevails and the members ex
press a determination to go to worftrand
wipe out the debt before the cummer
comes.
pated to-day, the preliminary examina
tion before the magistrate will be held
later, and the trial probably will be con
ducted by the Supreme Court.
The colonial Dutch point out that these
prosecutions will serve to make more
rebels, as they consider the treatment of
the prisoners designed to terrify them.
Some Britons regard the prosecutions as
Impolitic, in view of the fact that the
Boers are able to retaliate upon the 100
British officers nnd the 2500 prisoners in
their hands and might do so unless all
who fipht in the Boer ranks are treated
as prisoners of wnr.
The Boers keep up a continuous sniping
near Dordrecht. Five colonial scouts
were captured on Monday.
Yesterday tho American residents gave
a dinner to Webster Davis. I'nited States
Apsistnnt Secretary of the Interior.
Lord Roberts and Lord Kitchener were
most fervidly received on their arrival at
Cape Town.
BOERS WILL AGAIN
ATTACK LADYSMITH
LO.VDOX, Jan. 15— A dispatch to the
Times from Lourenzo Marques says:
"The British Consul has issued a notice
warning British subjects against enlist
ing for service with the Boers, trading
with the republics or treasonable conduct
in the Transvaal. Herr Pott has protest
ed apainst this notice as constituting an
interference with the sovereign rights of
Portugal.
"Five thousand Boers wer« sent from
Xatal last week to defend the Free State
border and to resist the attacks of Gen
erals Gatacre and French, which are caus
ing some alarm. A leading- Transvaaler
fays that the P—s will make another
desperate attempt to reduce Ladysmith."
The Standard publishes the following
from Ladysmlth. Thursday, January 11,
by heliograph, via Weenen:
"The Boers aro fortifying positions
north and west of 'Ladysmith. doubtless
with a view of securing a uafe line or re
treat should their opposition to General
Buller*s advance fall. Th"y still surround
Ladysmith in large numbers and may be
contemplating another attack. It Is
known, however that they are greatly de
pressed by their heavy losses. Prior to
Saturday they were perfectly confident of
their ability to defeat the parrison and to
take possession of the town."
•
PRESIDENT KRUGER
ISSUES AN ADDRESS
PRETORIA. January 11 (via Lourenzo
Marquez).— President Kruger, In the
course of a stirring address just Issued to
the burghers, affirms that Providence is
on their side, that their cause Is Just and
thnt they must puoceod.
Reports from Colepbersr represent the
position there as favorable to the re
publicans, hut the British are concentrat
ing for operations on a large scale. The
official list of the Boer casualties in what
Is called the "Plat-Rand fight" on Satur
day. January 6 fthe attack upon Lady-
Fmith), Fhows twenty-six killed and
peventy-peven wounded. These figures
are described as the "first return."
The embargo at Delagoa Bay upon
Transvaal imports in the question of the
hour with the burphers. If this be not
removed, it is asserted, steps will be
taken prejudicial to prisoners and aliens.
LADYSMITH GARRISON
GETS A BRIEF RESPITE
LADYSMITH. Jan. 12 (by heliograph).—
The besiegers have been quiet for two
days, but can be seen in active move
ment on the distant hills. We have per
ceived two small bodies galloping with
two machine guns. The Boer heavy piece
on Bulwana Hill has not been fired for
two days. More Boer dead have been
found at the base of Caesar's Camp. All
Is well here.
*
AGAIN THE RUMOR OF
LADYSMITH'S RELIEF
iJCRBAIC, Friday, Jan. 12.— The entire
absence of news from Chieveley or Frero
camp continues, but there Is a persistent
rumor here that Ladysmith has been re
lieved.
Supplies Secretly Landed.
DURBAN*. Natal, Jan. 10.— There Is a
Boer commando in the Zambaans country,
Zululand. within a day's march of the sea,
with wagon?. It is believed to be waiting
for suplies and ammunition secretly land
ed near St. Lucia Hay. The Boers have
looted all the ntorc-3 and mines in the
Swaziland territory, and the natives are
completing the destruction.
England Buys Krupp Guns.
LONDON. Jan. 15— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says:
"Great Kritaln has bought 240 Krupp
puns that were supplied about two years
ago to one of the southern European
States. The guns are not quick flrers, but
will be used to renlaco tho guns sent to
South Africa from British home garri
sons."
Ladysmith Firing Rockets.
BOER HEADQUARTERS AT COLEN
BO, Jan. 11 (via Pretoria, via Lourenzo
Jiarquez, Jan. 12.— Everything polnt3 to a
grea.t battle within the next few days.
Ladyemith for the last two nights has
been firing rockets. The object Is not
known here.
To Bar Women Prom Factories.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14.-Work by women is
to be abolished in all factories where
building material is produced in Chicago,
if a resolution passed by the Building
Material Trades Council to-night can be
made effective. The resolution provides
that each of the organizations affiliated
With the council demand that a clause be
inserted in all union contracts hereafter
specifying that hereafter no woman bo
employed in the shops.
WEBSTER PLANS
REORGANIZATION
OF THE SCHOOLS
Evening Teachers to
Be Discharged.
>
REGULARS WILL DO THE WORK
SALARY CONTROVERSY NOT YET
QUIETED.
?
All Elementary Committee "Work
Placed in the Superintendent's
Hands and Great Improve
ment Is Expected.
If the plans of Superintendent Webster
are permitted to mature, a thorough over
hauling of the local School Department
will Boon be begun, and as a result of it
a few short of half a hundred evening
school teachers will be given an oppor
tunity to look for someother employment
in which to spend their late hours. The
work, which under previous administra
tions has been done by the Elementary
Committee, was turned over to Mr. Web
ster by the last Board of Education and
the new board has given him practically
as much power. The reclassincation of
Echools and the readjustment of educa
tional facilities are now all planned by
him and laid before the board ¦with his
recommendations for ratification.
Mr. Webster proposes to begin with the
evening schools. Two of them at least
will be closed. The Rincon and the Spring
Valley Evening schools are in bad condi
tion, and it is probable that they will
be abolished and the classes merged with
those in other districts. The abolition of
schools, however, is not the chief feature
of the Superintendent's plan; it is the
abolition of evening school teachers in
which he is interested, and in which is
centered the greatest interest of the regu
lar teachers of the department.
Nearly all of the evening school in
structors are regularly employed at some
other occupation during the day and take
the school work solely to augment their
Income. A number of them now in the
employ of the department are the recipi
ents of salaries of $150 per month. A num
ber of others are getting from $100. to $125.
They are working as clerks or.bookkeep
ers for downtown business houses and
some of them are practicing, lawyers. In
the opinion of Superintendent Webster
they are not fit for educational purposes
after they have had their minds wrapped
up all day in matters of business and he
thinks the money they are drawing would
b better placed if it were distributed
among the regular day teachers who draw
less salary. According to Mr. Webster,
education is their business and sole con
cern and he is planning to replace those
who are let out with day teachers, whose
salaries will be increased accordingly.
It is upon this plan of reorganization
that really hinges the fight that Mr. Web-
Bter is making to appoint his own depu
ties. He does not propose to let the Board
of education dictate his appointments in
order to pay political debts to the "or
ganization." If any dictating is done It
will be by the teachers themselves. Mr.
Webster is highly elated at the interest
and pride the pedagogues are taking in
his plans for improvement, and he con
siders that they know best who could ac
complish the larsest results In acting as
his assistants. Accordingly he proposes
that all of his deputies shall be chosen
from the practical working force. He has
already proffered appointment to three or
four of them, but they have declined to
give up profitable prlncipalshlps for the
puny salary which the board is attempt-
Ing to force upon them.
Mr. Webster, however, Is confident of a
satisfactory agreement. He has the sup
port, of President Cecil Mark, ex-Presi
dent P, A. Bergerot and Professor L. A.
Jordan, the present Assistant Superinten
dent, and at the meeting on Wednes
day he proposes to go before the board
and make a formal demand, unless it is
settled beforehand at another "dark lan
tern caucus."
OVER A YEAR
MAKING ONE
ROUND TRIP
Hard Luck of the Ship
Shenandoah.
> -
HAS THE YOUNGEST MASTER
CAPTAIN MURPHY SUCCEEDED
HIS FATHER.
Barkentine Planter From Honolulu
Quarantined— Made a Gooc. Run
Despite Damage -deceived
in a Storm.
The American ship Shenandoah is tack
here again from Sydney. N. S. W.. after
an absence of nearly a year. The big ves
sel has been in hard luck for a long time.
and this last voyage has been anything
but a profitable one for her owners. Kirst
of all she was on tire and that little affair
cost her a grain charter. Then she was
delayed on the Sound in getting a load
of lumber; delayed again in discharging
at Port Pirie, Australia; delayed again
in loading at Sydney. N. S. W.. owing to
a strike in the collieries, until now she has
been a year making a voyage that la gen
erally covered in from, seven to eight
months.
The Shenandoah arrived here from Bal
timore In command of Captain Starkey
about fifteen months ago. She was docked
at Mission street wharf, and soon after
the wi-rk of discharging her cargo of coal
began. After a few hours' work the ves
sel was found to be on tire in the fora
hold. It smoldered along for two or three
days and was finally put out. When the
coal was discharged It was found that the
Inside skin was badly charred and that
in one place the hull rvaa nearly burned
through.
After the S.henandoah was repaired she
went from here to loed lumber for Aus
tralia on the Sound. In order to complete
her cargo she had to go to several mills'.
and was in consequence a long" time in
setting away. She made a good run
across, but was detained at Port Ptrie
and then again at Sydney. From the lat
ter port she made the run to San Fran
cisco in the good time of sixty-two days.
When the Shenandoah was here last
the son of Captain Murphy of the Arthur
Sewall was chief officer of her. On her
arrival at Puget Sound Captain Starkey
went home and young Murphy was mads
captain. At that time he was very little
over his majority, and is now, as he waa
then, the youngest master In the Amerl-
The barkentlne Planter arrived from
Honolulu yesterday after a passage of
eighteen days. She was at once placed
in quarantine. The work of fumiKatin<
her will be continued until every rat in
the vessel is killed. On December 29 tho
Planter was caught in a heavy southwest
squall and her fore royal mast carrleil
away. Even with the loss of the spar she»
made a good run, as she was two nays off
the lightship awaiting a chance to get in.
Dr J. V. Cherry has been appointed in
terne to Dr. McGettigan and Dr. Davis
Interne to Dr. Dorr by the Eoard of
Health. Drs. Cherry and Davis are both
well liked on the front, and their contin
uance In the Harbor Hospital gives gen
eral satisfaction.
the number of Japanese in the country Is
constantly . increasing and many cargoes
of rice are being sent from Japan, which
Is an indication of impending trouble. Ar
rangements are complete for the transfer
of all Japanese railways to military con
trol In case trouble arises. The Japanese
naval maneuvers are set for April.
Death of a Veteran.
"WORCESTER. Jan. 14.— Colonel W. S.
B Hopkins, one of the most distinguished
lawyers in Massachusetts, died to-day at
Plnchurst. N. C, of pneumonia, aged 64
years. He served through the Civil War.
In New Orleans from 1864 to September.
18G6, he acted as special counsel for the
United States Treasury. He was a college
mate of President Garfield and was of
fered the Attorney Generalship in Presi
dent Garfleld's Cabinet.
Naval Officer Passes Away.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Jan. 14.-Charles A.
Siegfried, medical inspector, U. S. N., In
charge of the naval hospital at Coasters
Harbor Island, died to-day of pneumonia,
aged BO years. The deceased was to have
represented the medical corps of the navy
at the Paris Exposition Medical Con
cresa. He leaves a widow, who was a
\Miss Farrel of Peoria and a cousin of the
jate Robert Ingersoll. During tho war
With Spain Dr. Siegfried was In charge of
the naval hospital at Key West.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1900.
REV. W. B. ANDERSON WAS
TOO FREQUENT A CALLER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
lehem. He compared the mission of tho
moralist with that of Jesus, saying whilp
that of tho one wa? to cultivate moral
precepts, that of the other was to redeem
a suffering humanity. Through him only
can a millennium be regarded as a possi
bility. In conclusion he paid he hoped to
see the day when no man would deny his
Savior.
BIBLE RISES SUPERIOR
TO ALL OF ITS CRITICS
"The Bible and Its Critics" was the title
of an eloquent ¦ sermon preached at the
First Baptist Church last evening by Rev.
Dr. E. A. Wood. He upheld the authen
ticity of the Scriptures by stating that it
was easily susceptible of proof that tho
Old Testament, as we now have It, is
identical with the Bible of the Jews in the
time of Christ. Julian, Claus and Por
phyry he regarded as the first critics of
any note, and -he. said other strong-ly hos
tile critics did not arise until after the
Reformation. During the last half-cen
tury the chief method of attack has been
through the so-called higher criticism.
After a general review of the subject he
declared that the Bible had successfully
run the gauntlet of criticism for centuries
and was a more potent force for good to
day than ever before^
TWELVE APOSTLES DISCUSSED
BY THE REV. DR. MELANDER
Rev. E. Nelnnder of the First English
Lutheran Church last night preached on
"The Apostolic Duodecomvirate." He
said in part:
The apostles wrre plain men who had not
been perverted by the false philosophies, tra
ditions and morals of the day. They were
men of "the third estate," neither aristocrats
nor beggars. All were unlettered men. yet
men of ability. They were all townsmen, men
of affairs, accustomed to buoy, practical lire.
They were men of passions and Infirmities ralm
dtamonds. They were far from faultless, but
the faults were flaws in a Jewel, not the
crudenesß of charcoal. In a brood ami blessed
sense Christ has made all hla followers
apostle*.
FATHER SARDI DISCOURSES
ON THE MERITS OF LABOR
Tho Rev. Father Sardl preached last
evening at St. Ignatius Church on the
subject of "Labor." "Our blessed Lord
undertook," ho said, "to show that labor
was noble and lofty. He, the fountainhead
of all that Is beautiful, became a carpen
ter's apprentice. He was accomplishing
the will of God In this net, and no grander
one can be conceived. This is an act wa
can all do— fulnlllng the will of God. The
street sweeper or the bootblack, if he Is
self-respecting, is as much worthy of your
esteem as the capitalist. Labor Is Indis
pensable. In the . Book of Genesis*. God
tells Adam that he shall earn his bread by
the sweat of his brow. What we should
do Is not work for this world, for this Is
only a short life, but look 'orward fo
the world to come. God is no r*-xi>ecter of
men, and the humble worker or laborer
In the world to como will b«» welcomed by
our Father, who Judges his children by
their lives on earth."
AT THE CHURCHES
7
REV. W. B. ANDERSON.MEDICAL.
DR. COIiLIEU, world-renowned pile specialist
Is in the city and will treat all rectal diseaiw**
without use of knife; chronic cssm preferred:
consultation free; success guaranteed; any
former patients ln need of treatment call and
be treated free. 433 Fourth st.. room 14- of Hoe
hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; will call at residence.
MRS. DR. KOHL,, the only reliable ladles* phy
slclan and specialist ot Ion? and successful
practice: private home for patients before and
treatment at offlce,'s3; safe aW^rVlfa^bfeTcon^
sultatlon free. 1122 Market St.. between Ma-
son and Taylor; hours. » to 5.
DRS. GOODWIX. the well-known ladleV spe-
has returned from Europe^wlth irmTroved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
ofnee *S; warranted; 13 years' successful prac-
tlce in S. F. Office. 118 Eddy Bt.. near Maaon.
MRS. DR WTETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist; home for patients ln confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care-
guaranteed treatment at office $3- consiiltal
tlon free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; hours 10 to S. 7 to 8.
DR o. w. O- DON-NELL, the world-renowned
ladles specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. K. for years; treated thou-ands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home: consultation free: success euaran-
teed Write or call at 1023H Market st.
DR POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years-
call on a, physician with man's knowledge •
cure Jj; consultation Tree. 313 Kearny at.
A GrriMAX woman wishes situation ln hotel
or lunch house; la a good cook. Address <W2
Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by a young woman with
a child of f. years as working housekeeper in
widower's family. Apply SO2 Montgomery st.
A SITUATION wanted by a first-class latin-
dross: best references; city or country. Box
2020, Call
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
n» nurse; would assist with llfjlit housework;
cood r<»f eronc'. 618 OFarrell st.
UKi-iAliLis woman, pood cooli, will do house-
work; kind to children; city or country; ref-
erf.-nces: wage* S2O. Call 16 Willow nve.
WANTED— Ey Protestant woman, housework
In American family: good cook. Call 2- r .-IIyd«.
GIUL. cooking and assist housework; small
family; ISO: references. 1034 Post St.
WOMAN* wants to take ln washing. 549 How-
SITUATION wanted by a German-Swiss maid-
speaks French and Italian; has knowledge In
traveling. Uox 2559, Call office.
YOUXG colored woman would like to do housed
work or take care of children. Call SOS
Choftnut Bt.. near Powell.
bl'e liou«e'of"uxCLE llARrtfsrVa'cfraiit'a'vel
RESPECTABLE Irish Blrl. lust arrived de-
F.lreH a place In good family; outside' city
preferred; wages no object; references. Box
IT.SS. Call office.
HELIADLK woman wishes a situation as work-
ing housekeeper ln sickness or as nurse Ad-
dress 815 Alabama ot., near Twentieth.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a posl-
tion in small family; plain cooking and light
housework. 121 Powell st., room 29.
ulres work by the day ln families or nt 'home-
fitting and satisfaction guaranteed. 1127 Kills.
FinST-CLASS dressmaker wants work ln fam-
ilies or at home. SI7V4 Sutter st.. TeL Lar-
RESPECTABLE German lady wants to assist
in housework or housekeeplns. Call from
CAUINCTIIAKr.It and boy to learn trade
FINK & PCHI.NDLRIt. 1309 Market St.
SCO PAIHS nmn's shoes, slightly damaged, hnlf
YOUNO man (German) for porter work In sa-
loon: Ktate last place worked. Box 2553. Call.
KIUST-CI.ASS presi>«rs on cloaks; good wages
M. SIMONOFF. 1229 Mnrket st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our lac breakfast.
dinner or supper; best in city. 40e McAllister.
Al SOLICITOR for merchant tailor; salary and
commission. Address box C 551. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Itolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver -loune. in Third et.: 150 large
rooms; Zio per nlßht; $1 to $: per weelt.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Bernard's barber shop.
Seventh and Mission sts.
Kbt-FFL 8. lOID Van Ness av#.. nr Geary it.
ST «^r;^ l *? n *«°Hns. others, old and n.w 5!
MULLER. maker, repalrar. » tathin^Uc*.
C o E i AP S ST and b ** t ln Amerlca-Th« W««kY9
SMOKMAKF.R on repairing: one that cares for
work; steady Job. ;nr> Klllmore st.
A-FJIEXCH second girl. $:0 to $23: 2 Irish
second clrls, $15 and |20; 2 German see-on. i
Elrls. $25 and $20; C waitresses, hotels and
boarding houses. $20 and $15: 2 restaurant
wuitresses. $« and $7 per week. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutler st.
A NEAT young girl, light housework, Bleep
home, $15; a German nurse. 1 child, sleeu
home. $15: a neat second clrl. $12. MISS
CUU,F.N. 225 Sutter 6 t.
C. n. HANSEN' & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waltrpHses. Los Anseles and Pasadena, $20
and $25. apeclal rali-s; 5 uaUrcsses, Salt Luke
City. Invostlß.-ite this; waitresses for Corning,
l^resno. Kcswick. Reno. Nev.. BakersflVld
fare here; 6 waitresses, best city lintels; 4
chambermaids to wait. city. $20; chamber-
maid. $20: cook, JLT,; fnncy Ironer. nrst-i'liias
country hotel, J3O and found, C. K. HAN SEN
& CO.. \fij Ocary st.
WANTED — Monday for family department,
houaefflrls. Helmont, $20. nee party here at U
o'clock; Santa Clara J2O: second girl. $1S: 4
cooks, Kb; 10 llou^eßlrlo. email families, $:o;
20 girls to asKlst. housework, $15. $12. $10. At
C. H. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st.
A COMPETENT waitress and chambermaid;
$2T.. MRS. LAMBEHT. 418 Powell st.
2 NORIII liennan nurs«j: take care of crown
child, one to eJ south. J23. MltS. I^AMUlillT.
41S I'owell st.
HOUSEWORK; Cloverdale. S2O. fare here: a
micidie-agrd woman to aaslat ln housework,
110, country, pood home, fare here. MISS 11.
CIILLINAN, 323 Sutler st.
XKAT clrl for general housework ln upper
flat: sm.ui ramlly; i.luin cooklnff. Apply nt
l? 60 (ireen Bt.. bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
YOUNG elrl for general housework: eood
cook; waxes (20; references. Apply 537 Haight
St.. after 10 a. m.
CUKI. to make herself userul; unmll ranilly;
trood home: will clothe her for services. 31iJ
Bandies »t.
YOUNG girl; light housework; 2 children.
LEWIS/ 31S0 Sixteenth Bt.
WANTEIV-A girl to do small housework:
wanes JS to $10. Call at 913 Uuchanan Bt.
YOUNG Blrl for lleht housework. 1362 Geary
KXI'RRIRNCED apprentice operator on vesta,
9. r >fi Mission at
OIRL. for ucneral houseworK; plain cooking;
take Bniall child out. 1103 Golden Gate aye.
GIUL; general housework; small family;
wogea $20; reference". IS2S Fell 6t.-
WANTUD — Execriencpd aoDrentlc-e on custom
tailoring. C5l Folsom, cor. Hawthorne,
AN elderly woman to aaslnt In light lions.--
work and take care of baby. SM Folsom st.
WANTED-A girl for housework. 1030 Mission
street.
COOK who ran do short orders and help at
dinner; ?S. 2tX5 .McAllister Bt.
KltrtAN'O boy for t.illor nhop: »2 per week. 83S
Howard M., bet. Fourth and rifth.
BARDERS — 2-chnlr shop with both In country
town for Bale cheap. Inquire 602 Clay st.
SALESMAN, acquainted with nnd having In-
fluence amonff the largest a nU bent class ot
hardware, genernt machinery, railway and
mill Bupplles and allied trade through the ter-
ritory west of the Uocky Mountains to repre-
sent prominent manufacturing concern and
poFslbly to take charce of branch ofllee at
Fan Francisco; ono living at fan Francisco
preferred. Address, Hating age. whether
mnrried or single, experience ln full and
references. Manufacturer, box 255, Herald,
downtown office. New York City.
ACTIVE men and women everywhere to take
orders for "Life of Moody." the great evan-
maKe from 53 to ? 7 dally, by mail frw^Tw-
nuest. Addrtss Globe Bible Pub. Co., "23
Clietitnut Bt.. Philadelphia. l*a.
TAILOTIS— WauIed, a cro<l EenenU tailor for
tho country. Apply bftween 9 arvl 10 o'clock
Monday morning. STEIN, SIMOX & CO.
tlon nnd Installation of telephones; Apply be-
fore S iv m.. N. I-, cor. Pt Lobos and Cth ays.
GET jour shoes hulf-soled while waiting; 25c to
Mo. r.C2 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
15e UAUnriK shop, running' two chairs with
pood Hjfar trade; Western Addition: cheap
ir hou B nt Immediately. STOLTZ. 630 Mar-
ket street. : <MH
KNAUK pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER * CHASE. 30 O'Farrell it.
TWO fln© Marstiatl & W pndeil uprights,
cases; one walnut Decker & Bon almost newj
great bargains. At MAUVAIS'. 763 Market.
FULL value allowed for second-hand pianos la
exchange for new. At MAUVAIS'. 763 Market.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
placos; price* reduced to Insure prompt sales.
IV. C. HAMILTON". 32* Post et.
ALL makes for a short time only.
*4. U. **. *». t*. ** per month.
2 Chlckerlnfts. 2 Steinway", 1 Vo*« A Sons an)
to other slightly used high and medium srmdi
pianos; vpecial discounts for cash.
HEIXE PIANO MFQ. CO.. 138 EIH» ,t
UPRIGHT piano. "Neumann Hamburg"; pro>
nounced by experts the best In 9. P.; nearly
new. of solid construction: wonderful powet
and sweetness of tone; value |60O; to b« soil
for only $330 cnnh. 1236 Market tt. room 18.
ELEGANT high-grade upright piano oCere-|
for 1165: cost $:00; immediate sale. Room m
Klood hulld'.ajf.
WE are still renting new ptanos at U pet
month. Scott-Curtaa Piano Co.. SCO Hayes st.
W. G. lUDQER. 412 Sacrameato »t., agent tot
Francla Bacon and Mallett tk Davis ptanoa.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. BDenc«i
warerooma. UlB Market «t.
v «.h. "sr^ir muo "•* rteap tw
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate .entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ntSIMiSS CIiA.NCES.
A-tUOO-KLUGAXTLT fltt*d~ up' saloon on
net* trEnsrcr oornrr or this city; low rent'
beift claw <jf custom; rlaoe first-class nay-
ln«; OTOiw-r to attend to hie ranch cause o£
fait-. Call R. G. WILKE. ft« Market st.
/>.••¦ SALOON' on Market »t. close to S»x--
tcnth; rrr.t nn tso; f^ler.dldly paying place-
, ° f ""• °'
A-tX,*i~UAKiZH\ near McAllister Ft.; estab"
11-ried j«-arj-: all store trade; laree stuck'
TKit $:;; 4 yean- lease; 14 barrels ptr day.
Call n. G. WILKE. Vfi Market ct.
flio-r I KST-CLA ss norlsfg etore; doing a pood
fbu«in.^y; FnLfn<ild location: owner coin* to
Eurcf«; r^nt U9»; 3 llvlr.e roomi, furniebed
Call U. G. WILKK. 'M Market «t.
Jk.—iGLO: flfl«B and c»n<]y Ftore; rent J2O- very
Kbest location notth o£ Market nt.; a flrst-clacs
J^n.^'iSJT stock " Call R - °-
A—Vft): VHV.ir end sro-ery. with hT.rse an<i
***<"': dally r*-c»lj.ti! fM; rent %3O; full value
in siEht; a f:>!en<Ud chance. Call R o
WII.KE. 90t Market F t.
A-r-00; GKOCERT'in Oakland, with horse and
«a*so..: rent tV>: a «r t K>d r-ayine bußlness; all
frr^ti m mrk. Oall I{. o. Wllke. s«.C Market.
A—U'id: DKLICACY Kiore and branch bakery-
••n larkin fit. : r»nt 115; e'jod paying huslness;
fine rla^ Ux 2 !^di«-s or man and wife Call
It. G. WILKE. I*o6 Market ?t.
A FACRIFILr; ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS
rc><»-liu6ine6» receipts $40 dally; net profit
€Jf ?200 a mnnth; a Kive avray for 31200' trial
given. KHEIX) & CO., :2 ; i Gtary ft. '
«"J>_IIOTEL; SS rooms: b<khl bar trade
|oW— rartn«»r; tranyr>r and storage; money cc.
cured; rare chance. KRKIX) & CO..;;'; Geary.
HOit— K!:STaI;RA.NT; S*<> dairyT»irirrc<>tfee"par-
!cr. KKKDO & CO., 22' vi Geary st., room 29.
•76— BRAJCCII baker}- and stationery: don't mlm
_thts; 2 roc^.9. KREDO k CO.. 22',i Geary tt.
HKE saJoon on Market »l. : a snap; this day
COWING & CO., UM Market Et.
CAKDY store; central part city; ' must BelL
COWING & CO.. 1120 Market ft.
CIGAR store on Market st. : clear* $100 jwr
fnontli; a roar.. COWING & CO., 1130 Market.
CORNKR grocery: a snari; cause, party has
pval}£i«. COWISC & CO., tt* Market «U
to'alf: Kk:; !a?t niertlnc CU Jpssl'e. off 7th,
MMX. ZKItUIJA of 3 Seventh Bt. is the ordinal
BTPT life reader: rradincs, 25c
MRS. DU PREE. card readins: Questions an-
Bwcred by mall; advice given. :s 7th, room 7.
MMJ-: MOREAU. tho best medium and card
reader; 2jc up. 73 Tourth r\., near Mlfslon.
MME. HANSON*, palmistry. 10c: enrd reader;
past, present, future, 2."/ C. US Sixth 6t., r. K.
Eun'ARD EAM.E. Independent siate writer.
330 Kills Ft.; circle Run. anil Wed. evenings.
ARRIVED — Scientific palmlßt and psychic: nat-
iiMaction; r»aolnf;s this v.eck :r>c. 230 A Turk.
MRS. YVKST returned to !30fi Market, parlor ."1;
trance tost medium; home evening" an<l Sun.
MliS. MARY IJVAN'S; clttlnes Jally; circle at
2 Hnd i; also I<J on day evenlnc-
MIPS MniA'lLLn, ereat clairvoyant anrl water
r^ad^r; German spoken. 921^ Mission. oj». rwiint.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 944 Howard
st.. 10 a. m. to 10 n. m.
MMX. SHAFFER] clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 212'.^ Pixtli Kt.
MMF.. At'GCST. clairvoyant, card reader and
SZc; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advloe; name* Klven: 27,r-. up. 5 Fourth Bt.
MMX. KYBILLE-Cradle to grave; future lms-
band'g picture. 25c: ladies. Sl4 O'Farrell Bt.
CHKAPHST and t»est In Amerlca-The Weekly
Call. 16 raKPs. sent to any addrces In th«
t*nlt<-1 Putoi or Canada one year for SI.
portac* paid.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GF.ORG E W. KGLT^r^S^Ken^yT^o^harTo^un^
j le«» mci-rerful. Ttoom 310. 927 Market gt-
j COTTAGES TO LET.
j £3 AND 115 Manchester St.: 4 rooms each: off
Folsom St.; rent $S and J10; key at 250 Prc-
clta aye.
tlO-nAV-\VINno\V cott.se; 4 rooms; water
J rree. 103 Collins rt_, near Geary
WA.VTKn-A tailor for country: voiine man
preferred; Monday 9 a, m. 219 o. o. aye.
LOST AND KOUXD.
LOST— Saturday. 13th. on north side Market St.,
pur^e contaitiinK money atid diamond ear-
rinrs. Itewurd at 303 Waller »t.. or MRS.
MEYER. ITIS Filbert at.. Oakland.
GEXTLEMAX'S watch fob: photo attached;
bet. Masonic Temple and Call building- Re-
ward at 1106 Clay st.
MUSIC manuscript lost. Return to HAGAN'9,
AND SUOK BARGAINS.
BOYF* etrong fhoe?, Toe: boys' flne Ehoes~flTlrN
fat.ts' fl.ocb. 25c: children's Fhuei! iOc up- la-
tiiff nbcui, tl: roen-K bcxjtx. tp^cial. II T5. i»eo-
|> ? Store. 1303 Stockton, r.r. liroadway.
A COMPICTF.NT Irish girl desires situation:
good t-oi.k nnd hous»work<r: 3 years In last
place. MIPS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Ft.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish elrl desire* sltua-
tlon; mood cook and houre worker; tiest of
refcrenoca. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutler st.
COMTKTKNT woman with a child desires a
Fltuatlon. city or country, Rood reliable
housekeeper; Mrst-clasn chambermaid ami
waitress, hotel or boarding-house, city or
country; competent German and French cook
understands .-Oi.klne In all its branched: also
Mventl reliable housework girls await situa-
tions. For particulars call or telephone MISS
11. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter et. ; phone Maln6sl.
AMERICAN lady desires a position as house-
k«^-p^r; n c...0d couk. Address MRS. NOT-
SON'. 1713 Park st., Alaincda,
RESPECTABLE German K lrl. }ual arrived
frjm the East, desires position; general house-
work: small American family; good cook
references. 101? McAllleter Bt.
HOOKS — SEW AXD OLD.
BCBpOX. * BOOKS - uowrnt s; ana «g «xchmn«a
H'lmes nonk ('¦>.. T(>4 Mistlon Rt.. near Third
JEWCLRY. WATCHES, ETC.
WOULD like to buy a 2-carat diamond. Ad-
dress box 15*7. Call.
HKM 1 WASTED — FEMALE.
A— 2 GERMAN or Swedish cooks, »30 and $35;
4 boardlnp house cooks, $25 and $30, Institu-
tion. $40; 10 second Birls, $23 and $20; city and
country; 6 hotel and boarding house chamber-
maids and waitresses, $20 and $15; 20 house-
work Birls. ?."0. J25 and $20. city and country:
10 youjiK girls to assist, $U>. $12 and $13 each,
city ami country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A-INKANTS' nurse, J2G; nurse, 2 children, $20;
6 youns tlris as nurses, $13 eaoh. MISS
CULLKN, 31'S Sutter st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AXD SPIR.ITUAX.IM3I.
A— PROFESSOR MAT.
ALWAYS SEE THE BI"SST
123 TIJHIv BT.
He excites the wonder and oJmiration of th»
most skeptical; Rives advice on love, buaineaa
and demotic trouble: unites the separated and
restore* Ir.st afT^ctton: if In rinubt. trouble or
adversity call on this Rifted medium and he will
help you; m<-<lli:ms developed In from 3 to 6
months; I«-tl«»ri« i.intalnlr.n thrw uur: ! 1-ins and
U an«wered; hnurs. :• t'» S; Funday, 10 to I.
MMX. A. CKRVAKTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; b'-s"t advice In dlfllrult mat-
ter». X Hayea Ftreet. room 7. secnnci floor.
MRP. j7".T7"\v"IiITNKY. 1104 Market St.. tmnce,
t«-j--t medium: life rcad.-r and nu'dieal clair-
voyant; trcatu all dt»«-as<»M; Rlttinnrs tt.
MME. EBERHARDT. Fplrltual tost meetings;
7:50 r>. m.. Khz. 3250 Twenty-second St.. be-
tween Mission and Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
BUNNY modern house, 7 rooms and bath; finely
furnished. Call between 10 and 12 tit 1711
WALLER, 216— 1 Jay-window house; gunny side
9 rooms: basement: larce yard: reasonable.
DOAIID AXD ItUOMS WANTED.
ANY amount to loan you on diamonds; low In-
t»rest. rxrLT' HARRIS. IS Orant aye.
LAS I-ALMAF. l«M Market Ft. -Suite of 2 or 3
—•- :;¦¦¦-••: t>nth: fin. rms. : board optional.
BORROW on piano*. furniture, rtiamfwids
painting*; y»cre< y. Tnc> Harris. U Grant ay
OBRMAN-AMERICAN girl rJeslrrs place; car*
of grown children and assist upstairs MRS.
UMBERT, 41S Powell st. : tel. Main M 32.
DANISH c'rl: speaks German; good needle
woman, hairdresser; care of child and llzht
upstairs work. MHS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell.
A COMPETENT Korwesbua chambermaid an.l
waitress de^lr^s i>ttuatlon: beet of references.
MISS CITLLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CARPET KEATING AM) CI.KAMXIi.
WHEN you l*-come rtisKUKtod with po.ir work
Fend to BPAULDIXO'fI I'loneer Carpet-boat-
ing \V<.rfcp. 2M-2.77 Tehania st. ; lei. S. 4i>.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: «-l*-a.uins. 3.: rr yard: tel. Mission 74.
J. MrQI!EEX*B Callforna Carpet Cleaning Co..
4. r .S Stevenson f«t.: tel. South 525; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Slitter st.;
tel. Main 2r-4. CEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS clpan<*«l nt 3c per yard; laid at Sc.
STKATTO.VS, 2 Klchth »t. ; tel. Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-heating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
A WEEK'S ns-ws for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
36 pugeß, in wrapper, for mailing, tl p«?r year.
Kail'LOVaiKXT WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT American cook?" m7ddTe3afieJ
very active worker, best references, deelrea
situation in small ramlly for t?eneral house-
work. MRS. LAMBERT, 413 Powell St.; tel.
Main D 332.
AMERICAN nurse desires place with grown
children: sewing; chamberwork. MRS. LAM-
BERT. 41S Powell Bt. ; tel. Main G332.
GERMAN mlddie-aced woman desires working
housekeeper's position. MRS. LAMBERT, 41S
Powell wt.; tel. Main 5332.
BAUHER shop for sale; 15c; very cheap; cash
or partly cash: best reasons for selling. In-
quire nt O. TROST'S. 1532 Mason st.
"WANTED— Cook for restaurant and boarHing-
••l«i:i<rtUAYlA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny mitre; bert board; for j. $M up; Blngle. E».
llAinitT. TK-Sunny rooro« with board; terms
r^asoniible.
ANT proposition any nmount; * per cent: tint.
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mnrtcazM: confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSfcIN.. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID d^lay; try all others, then see me: %M
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2i or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate. undivided Interests In
estates. le»rac!e» and mortgages bought: advlc*
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 633 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; ls«, Id and 3.1 mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate ln pro-
bate: mortsagea and legacies bought: no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where R MeCOLGAN, 21 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84« Market
St.; tel. Main 1&44. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. \V. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
hlnhest price for old sold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by prtvate party on furniture and
j> t n nc 's ; no removal i low m.t **h conrtJt?nti3 \ .
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny. rm. 9. respectable private placa
to borrow on watches diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON" furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 60, Donohoe building, 1170 Market »t.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery at.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLET. 430 Par-
rott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agancy. 143 Phelan building.
£10 TO JOO.OOO: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property I 3 mortjraired and you need
more money see 11. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
fuhmtukl: koii sale.
EXAMELKD Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 50;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugrs.
tl. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-13U Stockton
ft., near Broadway; open evenings.
AX artistic furnished house to rent of lease,
centrally located; & bedrooms: large parlors:
music and dining rooms, etc.; 10 minutes'
walk to Kearny st.; large grounds; rent $123.
Address, with full name. T. L. HALL, office
317 Mission nt.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Rernanl. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED by a wholesale house, experienced
anil competent stenographer; able to take
charge of lin«>s of clerical work nnd jreneral
correspondence; must be rapid and accurate;
poo«l »t figure* and Rood penman; permanent
position; Mate experience, references and
salary expected. Uox 2150, Call.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
J A PAN KSE-CH I N EslTXm^A^eTlcTraTrklnds
help. GEO. OAKt. 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 66.
ORPHEITM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 132 L
CHINESE nnd Japanese employment office —
best belli. 41JVi O1O 1 Fnrrell Ft.: tel. East 425.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.; 630 Market, downstairs.
no Aim and nmnis.
EDliTT^U^T'r.ited BUtea Hotel ;"%oorn8~!T7o
¦reek up. with b ard. t* 60; suite far two with
l'*ii t 112; l^ard, $4 wwk; meal». :^; ele-
vator rur.s all nicht.
HOTEL FAIRMOrXT. 1714 Market-Elegant
tnew furniture; first-dau in every re«p»-ct;
table ur.surpn^wNl; lict and col<3 water: «•!«-
vator: pu)te«. with board for 2. JiO month up.
BI'FH. 1124— Elepant suites and single roomp;
tward; bath: prate; sun: brautlful reception
EXPANSION" th»orr!crat DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College, 3P."> Larkin St., opp. City Kail.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. cr da??, barker's Academy. 527 Mission.
PIANO, banjn. mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorouph Instruction. Ptudlo. 405 Geary, r. 17.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b^en established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; c^en until 9 p. m.
COFFI-K and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CARWELL & CO. .. 412 Sacramento Ft.
A BRANCH office for t!i? reception of adver-
tisements and !<ul.«crlption« has been opened
nt 12C5 Polk Bt. ; open until 3 p. m.
A BRAJCCH office for Call advertisements and
FUliscrlptiuns has l>cen established at IC9C Va-
lencia Rt.
HOUSES — LODGI.\G — To Let.
HOUSE, 8 rooms; bath; carpets; large lawn;
fine view: see It. 2932 Twenty-fourth Bt.
TWO fiats; 4 rooms each; 1 nat furnished: 2
baths: 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms ond bath; nice location;
cheap. Apply MC9 O'Farrell Bt.. near Bu-
chanan.
TO LET— 3-room house: 313H O'Farreli st.
near Mason: r»ar entrance. Apply 15 Gran*
NEW Kood redwood, pine and oak timber
225 woodchoppers — 4-foot pine $123 cord
4-foot redwood BCc cord
4-foot oak wood..}l W, $125 cord
etovewood $3 and $2 cord
posts : $2 10 each
pickets $4 50 per 1000
19.' tlemakera, 6 and 8 foot 10c, 12c, 13c each;
tools nnd provisions furnished: fare paid ln
hi MURRAY' & READY. 631 and C 36 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
20 coal miners, 70c a ton; 6 ranch teamsters,
$2o and bonrd; 10 woodchoppers, $1 15 a cord:
farmer and wife. J45; liarnpssmalcer. J33 and
board: tinsmith. $2 50 a day: metal spinner,
J2 50 a day; man about place, see party here.
$2i
head cook, restaurant. ISS: baker and pastry
cook. J4O and fare advanced; fry cook, restau-
rant, JCO; French waiter, country restaurant.
$40. C. R. liANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
BRANCH bakery and candy store, cheap; call
to-day. 43S Third St.
WANTED — Seoond-hand r.>lled top desk:
cheap; cash. W. JOHN?ON, Martinez. Cal.
WANTED — Turbine cream separator, ln sool
condition. Address box Idj.". Call offlce.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curies
and Philippine relics. S?S Dupont, nr. Calif.
WANTED — rainter*" tails: call early. X£
Gclden Gate aye.
MISCELLA.\E6I!i W.V>TS.
ASTHOI.OfiV.
PROF. A. MASCBT Ot Egypt, preatest astrolo-
S'.ft end palmist in the world; i-atlsfaction
c««r>%nte^l <»7 Golden Gate aye.
VIOLIN, zlth.'r. banio. mandolin, guitar In-
Ftructlon. W. P. CHAMBERS. 216 Eddy st.
CHEAPEST and tw«t ln America — The Weekly
Call, 16 paires, sen: to any address ln t!r»
United States cr Canada ono year for $1.
postage paid.
GROCERY and bar cheap: terminus car line:
no acents. Call or address J. D., 3215 Folsom.
STORE five rooms to let: stock, notions and
stationery, for Bale; no agents. Box 2331. Call.
WILL buy profitable dry goods or general store;
al>oui $.VTO; preler Co. teat town; 5000 to 10,-
000. Address U. D. S.. 104 Lincoln St.. Santa
Cruz. Cal.
MARSH system shorthand; lessons 1 hour each
day or evenir.fr. $2 60 a week: with application
any student can so through Marsh manual In
sU weeks. 300 Van Ness aye.
BOOKKEEPING — Xelther time nor money
wasted; most thorouph course on earth; rapid
calculations. Tarr. exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL MuUents but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 123G Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining.
mech.. survey, assay, archl.: day and even.;
est. ISC4. VAX PER XAILLEX. 933 Market.
AYRES 1 Business- College. 723 Market st. con-
ducted r-erronally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50. includes all branches.
WANTED — Immediately, a good commercial
teacher. Address, with reference, D. C. TAY-
LOR. Vallejo, Cal.
per month; any reasonable offer considered.
OALE & DENSOn. 810 Parrott building.
» ROOMS; house: Jones; rent $32 50 $325
J? room*: house; Jones: rent $S0 Sll5O
9 rooms; Post; sunny; grmd furniture $350
Money to loan. C. V. DAVIS, 1104 Market st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MATERLB. German expert optician;
German eye irater by mail. 50c. 1071.i Market
st., San FVanclsco: examination free.
13 ROOMS; Income J3OO J2OOO
53 rooms: cheap rent ISOO
17 rooms; Kood transient 45<
26 rooms: good transient 10.>0
13 rooms; good furniture 423
GALE & BEN3ON, 320 Parrott bids.
I£DUCATIO.\AL.
HEALD'S Business Colleße. 24 Post st.. S. F. —
Practical courses ln bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. lar.Kuafres. telegraphy, Encllsh
branches, civil, electrical and mining: engl-
jieTlr.p. etc.; new SO-pace catalcgue free.
FRESH Holstein cow; rich milk: gentle; sell
cr exchange for dry cow. 1312 Folsom «t.
FOR SALE— Complete restaurant outfit. Inquiry
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dok Hospital. Pest. Fillmore.—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animal? treated: dorp hoarded. Tel. We«t 636.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches
CLASSIFIED advertisements and puhscrlptlons
A DUAN'CII office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
SUITS made on short notice. $3: skirts. 75c;
wrappers fl. 273 Minna Bt.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring Parlors:
PARISIAN drespmaklnir. 357 Geary st. : dre.««es
made, J5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Drersmaktiiß School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evp. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION plentir.e factory: all kinds pleat-
inp. plnkinir. 121 Post, over O'Connor* Mortal.
PROPPEROt'S restaurant. 4 rooms. ISO 9 McAl-
lister st . half block from carhouse. for Fale
cheap on account of sickness; rent reasonable.
rELICAOtTbrfad. candy, milk; will positively
be sold this «wk; account s!ckness;^mllk
l»ayi* irnt. v'a'l 430 rtr;innan Et., near Third.
FOR sal<" — Peddling: route: waeron. team, stock.
dry coods, notions; owner made JTt'OO ln S
>ean<. C. G C, Yalieton, Cal.
HOU&ES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
Paying house; clears $150 23 rooms $850
Downtown; rent $25 21 rooms 32J
New flat: rent Jl4 8 rooms 250
Market «t.: rent J73 2S rooms BT.O
Corner only: J3OO cash IS rooms 800
Clearing JlfO; rent $50 IS rooms 550
Boarding: corner house 32 rooms 20C0
Hotel and bar; 63 boarders 59 rooms 400
ICO ether houses 3 to DOO rooms; $50 t0.... 1000
CALL. I CAN' SUIT YOU.
MONEY TO LOAN" ON' ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
11. C. DECKER. 1030 Market, opp. sth «t.
BARBEIt wants position In country : 12 years'
experience. Address T. G. ADAMS, 204 Turk
St., room 15.
KBETIXG NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATK Ccrr.manceiy No. 16. K. *
T.. ti^.lden Oate balldJac. €2i Sutter Kfiii*
et. — Stated asssr-mbly THIS HVENIXG. fpjj
fit S o'clock. The Order of the Temple ay
will be conferred. AJI fraters are cour-
fx>\ts'.f Jnvitf-tf.
J. C. CAMPBELL. Em. Com.
TV3LT T. rX'NUA. Itecorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _/%.
Arch Maponw. nie-t. THIS EVENINO.
Lutlnes. only. /V N
OCCIUEM'AL Lodte No. IT, K. and A. m
SM-Tlila (UON'DAT) EVENIXO. at,J\
" :30 o'rloflc. Tiiird decree. Master j£ 3f
Masons cordially tortted. I3y order cfr^r »
WALTER G. A.VDEnSO.V. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodce No. 260. P. *
and A. M.. , --. r -. lla.ll. Filimore et.. JL
bet. gutter and Hugh. — Second degree tfjf
TillS EVENING at : ; S6. fV^
HAUItY BAEIIR. Secrctao-.
iir.MBERS of tLe Society ~^b^
of California 1 : ieer« -^vT^V^CjJi^^ivTV
•re requested to attend -^XjKEftQsSwßlun
«nernber._ FERI IN AXD JsJssS m pr£&.
Oiiurcli. cor. Hush ajid
Ccurh ets.. TO-I'AY (MONDAY). Jan. 15. at
2 P. m. JOHN V. riNKMAM, Marshal.
!fHE California Hobris Commission. haMng re-
CPired arpHfO-tlor.s to mine \iy the li}-drau!:c
process from J. P. Condery. » the Lucky
i'clr.t mine, near St. Louts. Sierra Co.. to de-
posit tailings in n worked-out pit; from Chan.
F Diesrin. in the T-lffle I»olnt claim, at Gra:s
Fiat. Sierra Co.. to deposit lailsnss in Grass
Flat Ilivme: from Morris J. \Vi!!lam«, in the
\V«>eds I'oir.t mine near GunoComrJUe. Yuba
<"C, to <lepo«'.t tailing? ln a ravine, anj from
}: A. Moody, in the Inskta i>ia<cr mine, at
Gold Hun. Placer Co.. to deposit tailincr :n
F'juirpi? Ilavine, gives notice that a rr.eetins
will I* held «t' room SS. IT'Jod buildlnir. San
KYancis--o, Cal.. on J*nuarr £*. liKKi. at I :3J
t 81.
ANNUAL rveeTttiß — The poetponed annual
rr"f\lrx rt it* Firckholders of the KILAUEA
SIGAH PLANTATION' COMPANY will be
held at the office «'f the company. No. 327
Msrk<*t street. San Francisco, rallfcrnia. en
THtrRFDAT. tl!' t-'-th day of Januarj', 1900.
• 1 the hour of II o'clock a. m., for the pur-
|f«^«* ot eieclinj; a board cf directors to serve
Jor the ensuing !»ar. and the transaction of
tVfii •"•.her bjfiTi^ff v may come b<fore the
meeti^c. Trarmfer looks ivill close en Satur-
•iay, Jai2uar> ::. IP-0. »i II o'clock m.
E. 15. SHELDON. Secretary
ANNUAL meetlnp— The r«-pular annual ra'"!lin
rf the rtorkho'.ders r.f the OCEANIC STT.AM-
FIIIP COJIPAXT will be held at th» office of
the crmr* n y. ~" Market tt., Francisco,
• '•! . on MOXIVAY. the Hi <!ay of January.
;»fio. »t the hour of :i o'clock a. m.. for tlie
rurpese of electing a fcotrd cf directors ta
trrv» for the .nsuirc year and the transac-
ticn of fcucli other bnrin^FS as may come be-
irre the rr.eeUrs. Transfer bocl;» will close
on FRIDAI. January 11. 1900. at 3 o - clock
t>. ra F-. H. SHELPOX. Pe. retary.
FT^KTKHOLnnnS' meftins— The annual mft-
• „• • ' the rtocfctioMoi i«r the UNION ikon
WORKS will l^ lieid at the nffi.e of th» <-nm-
r»::y. "r Varket 6t.. San Francisco, on TUKS-
I>AT. Jar.vary 3. HOI. fit 11:30 o'clock n. m .
Jor the purp-se •>{ elertln*: a board of directors
t> *erve for the ensuing jfar and for the
. transaction r>f euch other business as may
ccrr.e belcre the meetins.
J. 08. GUNS, P-cretary.
Office, irr Market st.. San Franci»co. Oal.
9. UQO.
pnßn^w .-n dlamcndF; mct«t: private en-
trant f-\ private rmi>. I'ncie HarrlK, 15 Grant.
CAPK KOUK M!N E —
Wanted — Capital to work mines: no trlflera
or second -class rromcters wanted. Address
box 413.1. Call office.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gouph and Grove sts.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For S»*»
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, bugglei.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth St.; auction Bales every Wednesiay.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
rc.MI'LOVMU.Vr WASTED— MAIiE.
AJC all-around shoemaker wants a position ln
an Institution; can teach boys to make shoes
of the best class: can also handle razor and
scissors. Address All Around Shoemaker,
<*4>i4 Jessie st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at lUJj Va-
lencia ct.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement* arid tubrcrlptlons has been opened
n( V.21 Polk ft.: oner, until 9 H. tn.
3II.VES A.ND MI.M.VG.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
chanfre; 5O cents per share or monthly in«t.ill-
ments: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California st.. rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, rcom ¦io, Bth
floor. Mills bulldin*. S. P.; tel. Main 544.
GERMAN ctrl for upstair work with family;
no objection to grown-up children. 308 Turk.
YOUNG French lady wishes situation as com-
panion for a lady. Box 4232. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. S2OO Fillmore gt.
VTIKQHESTER House. 41 Third st. near Mar-
ket: :00 rooms; 2Jc to U 50 night: $150 to U
week: convenient and respectable; frea *bu»
and baggage to and from ferrj\
A BRANCH office for Cal! advertisements and
•übscrlptions has been established at
northwest corner of Twenty-second ftnd Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
DENTISTS.
A-DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, JC7
Market st., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use ot electricity, sras or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the ETums: the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fUllnsrs
from {1 up: other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
rrownod without pnln: plates that fit from
. (4 tO up; open evenings and Sundays.
. FL'IX set of teeth on a. rubber plate. $5: a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $23; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
and Btronirpr than rubber, warranted for 20
year?: flllincS; 50c: crowns. S3 GO: all work
painless nnd warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. £4 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SO9 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 W up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, !' to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manafier.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 10 O'Farrell Bt.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. J2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible Dlates. $3: received S first
prizes: no stuJents; guaranteed 12 years.
DR I.CDLI'M HILL. 1443 Market ft., near
Eleventh — Ciowns, bridgo work and nillngs a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOJI- "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 10C1 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DECENT woman as kitchen help: not belne
afraid of work. Apply 44S Third st.
13&- PtLACKSMlTH shop end wagon businees;
bargain: on account of departure. McLALOH-
LIX & CO.. TTT'.i Market St.
RESTAURANT for sale. Apply 121 Ellis Et. Or
Curtln & Mealp-s. rm. S4. 3J floor. Mills bldg.
FOi: Fa!*-!D^ v.ill buy a first-class taller busi-
ness, good will, fixtures, tools, etc., in a pros-
perous country to-.vn of 10,0-X) inhaittants;
everything !n store. inc!uJ!n<r poods and trlMl-
uiincß. will be sold It per cent belojv cost
(optional); cause, sickness. Address box «Ijl,
Call office.
LIGHT nanuract urine businefs for eaie; im-
mense rroftts: suitable for lady or (rpntleraan:
¦will stand thorough investigation : death anu
Elck^^^s tau«e for selling: or would take part-
ner who would take entir* charge of the busl-
nera: half interest for SZSOO. Uox 25C6. Call.
»:^OO-A FIRST-CLASS cloak and dress suit
buslnevff, * > sta.liliKhe43 lfi years, in one of the
l*>'. COUr.ty fPCt towns or this State; enly
rcssor. for'sellins. want to retire and enJOY
Hie; will take part in pxchante. Kocm 523.
Parrrtt bids., ban Francisco.
WANTED — A man with SIZOO to II.ICO to buy
hair-lnterrst ln lean office and jewelry store;
js fine raying business: must be watchmaker
ond Jetv-fltr: must have first-class references;
can Investigate; reason, wants to enlarge
l>uslnet-s: has too much for one man to han-
dle now. Address HAMSIOND, 37 East Main
Et.. Stockton.
CAPE NOME- Busines man with $10,000 or two
mm with JSPOO each to loin adveruser, who
will put up like amount, to engage In mercan-
bt-en In Alaska and haJ pood business connec-
tions In Pan Francisco. C. A.. bo» 4SS2. Call.
HEFI.NED Oerrnan: Is a sood cook and house-
keeper; would like position In email family.
Address 237^ Tenth st.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert in-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorla.l art thoroughly ; special
lnducemtns this month; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BAP-HEIi
COLLEGE, 633 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art. ¦
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
B. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
MAN' to solicit for the Weekly North Beach
News; no experience necessaxy. A.pply aB
Filbert gt. .
BORROW rnon^T of the respect abl* an<l rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
PEXSIOVP-J H SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
_! ney», Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SI.VGLE furnishe.l rooms. 10c. 13c and lie
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read, rm.
\n.\THKSTEH Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket! 700 rooms, 25C night; ree.dlnp room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A-1300; PARTNER wanted; retaurant; good
honest man to attend cash counter and look
business. STENBERQ CO.. && Kearny et. _
iTS0 — SAI/X)X; l.arf;ain: this day; satisfactory
reason for selling. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
TTIVj Market st. ->•'
6AX FRANCISCO CALL.
BCSI2CCSS OFFKrE of the fiaa Francisco
C»il. corner of Markot and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every r.ißht in the year.
URAXCH OITICrs- irT Montgomery street.
corntT <7.ay; r;wn until ?:S0 p. m.
SW lla.ves rtreet; cr>cn until !>:39 p. m.
C3S McAllister street; open until 9:3n p. m.
Gi LarUin ttTOii; cipen until S^O p. au
IS<l MiKicm street; ox>en until 10 p. m.
zy\ Market ftreet, corner Sixteenth; open
J f « Eleventh etreet; or»n until 9 p. m.
10i*{ VaJpncia street; rpen until ? p. m.
I'-ZC P*olk street; cr^n until 9 r. m
MToitbvett corner <"f Tver.ty-Feccr.d and Ken-
tucky Ftr<ets; o;.. n until 9 p. tr..
IF the rentleman who found the black and
white pup en Pine or Larkin at. on Thursday
will kindly return It to 1525 Pine st, h« will
receive reward.
LOST — Packag* containing coat, etc : ptease
return NE. cor. I^unabard and Lyon streets
and receive reward.
breast. Return to Poodle Dog Restaurant
CERTIFICATE deposit the .Wva.la Xational
Hank of San Francisco, Xo. 63.199. favca E.
L. STRAUSS and transferred to EMILY
STRAUSS, for »200. All persons warned
against negotiating. Return E. L. STRAUSS.
Pacific Stock Exchange.
SKA MEN. (m>en hands nnd ordinary seamen
at lIKKMA.VS, 2i; Steiirtrt Ft.
BIL'SICAL. I.\STI«:MR.\T».
AGAIN w« remind you that you should pur-
chase ycur medium and lew-priced pianos
where they can bo exchanged for a steinway
within three years and hay« full parch«««
price allowed. We are selling new nprtgchc
pianos for $8 per month, and some sood pianos
for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAT * CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearn/
and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larjest houst*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CIIASK'.S
10, 2* and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, ornni an J
all other musical Instruments of all gnd<%
and prices: terms easy, prices lowest: every-
thing possible dono to please and aatUty tl.i
customer.
STEADY cook wanted. 631 Clay st.
SEAMEN and green hands for cruise south
327 Tacinc St. - ¦ .. .
WAITER wanted. 217 Sixth St.
DUARDING FOB, CHILUItEX.
LADT would like to take care »f a chllrJ: rood
home. Address C 3 Minna st.
TO board— An Infant or Fmall child; 110 per
wnth. 110 L'-xineion aye.
WANTED- A good block butcher: $30 a month
and found. Apply 331S Mission St.
WANTED — Men to travel and show our poods;
lid soliciting; no eoods to sell: no experience
is required; big money to good men; the ap-
plicant will need J2J to $50, but this he con-
trols. Send this ad. and address Drawer 146,
Chicago.
WAXTEIV-3 laliorers. pick and shovel: 2 team-
sters. Fourteenth aye. and N at. south; take
Kentucky-st. cars.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for 14S 50, with No.
7 ranpe. Kine Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mark-t.
NEW family h.)!el: flrst-class ln all appolnt-
m*nt»: excellent table: tsixH-ial Inducements to
relwn peorX". California et.. occupying
mrn«T OTIKMit* Grace Church.
THE XortnaiHlle, 821J Eddy— Punny suites and
eincle ruonis; hou«e completely renovate i;
a>ew carji^ty; new furniture; excellent table;
new TTifltta£<»!r.er I t.
KKKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY •illustrated book, by pending
addrpgs to Irtck bnx C 43. Lo» Angeles, Cal.
A. M. SFF.CK k CO.. C«7 Market St.
206 Post. 10 r J4512933 California. 6 r..515
917 Geary, 10 r... 45, 1J41 Eddy. 6 r 25
i 47.-» Post. 10 r 251 132 Powell. 8 r
CARRIAGES AM) WAGOXS.
BAKICRT. also laundry wagon: fine top bu^py,
almoft rew; bus. bugcy. new; bus. wagons.
FOR sale— Fin»st Drewrtw Victoria, coupe and
family rariiace. Inspect IOU Sutler st.
NKW and 2<!-hfuid waßons. Implies, carts and har-
ness, wk. Xr driving horses, l.'th and Valencla.
ALL kinds of wnK'iris. hiiKKies, rart«. haj-reM.
etc. cheap. 13GAN & SON, 2117 Mislon Bt.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wacras. carts.
biißgl' 1 ?. furreys and homes. 1140 Folsom st.
11ORROW money on diamonds and watchen
low interest. 13NCLR HARRIS. 15 Grant «ye.
IN the warm belt of the Mission, house of 7
rooms and bath; rent cheap. 2021 Howard st.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgom-
ery st.
$lrV-SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms and porcelain
bath. ISO 3 McAllister Et.
BECUUE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI, lOCS Mission; violin, mandolin. Kultar.
JIO— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 35 Moss St.. off
Folsom. near Seventh.
MO2VEY TO LOA.V.
$10—3 ROOMS, yard and cellar; for email fam-
ily. 1452 Jessie St.. bet. 13th and 14th.
ATTOnXKVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a rpeelalty: privafp;
t»" fee without fuccef f ; <*o'.lectlons. O. W.
lIQWE, any at law. ESO Market, cor. Ptcwktn.
ADVICE :r.--: iin charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Markst Ft.. n;>n. Mason.
F. 11. MERziiACH, attorney at law. has re-
fun-.'-«l practice at .7)3 <"al. St.. Clunie bids.
L E. <XAI!K. Emma Ppreckels bid*.. JC7 Mar-
V:«-t >¦• : ronsultcilon fr^e: no fee? ln advance.
MOPERN 6-room flat; bath and basement; nice
location. ISO 7 Eddy >t.
MODKRN sunny northwest corner flat of 7
rooms and nnth. 3'j Scott Bt.; $27 50.
ROOMING house: north of Market St.: big bar-
pain. Pee COWING & CO., 1130 Market at.
LODOING-HOrSK. 129 Third St.; 16 sunny
rooms: price $300; rent !45.
HOI'SE ot 32 rooms, all taken: very reason-
able. 704 Howard st., corner Third.
MODERN fiat of 7 rooms nnd bath: M7>4
deary ft.: $33. Apply to LAXDRY C. BABInI
PAHTNTII Tvnr.ted tn meat market: trial given
to party with reference. U'< Fourth st.
WANTED — To loase paper route. Box 4278,
Call office.
tl."*— l9 ROOMS newly rurnlshed: rent $75; *600
<^h down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
PLUMBING shop, stock and shop tools In good
locati.n. Box 42:2. Call office.
A— Sinking, piano. French, Spanish: Parisian
Graduate; $2 mo. £20 G. G. aye.. r. fi; hr. 2-8.
LAW schools. 027 Market. S. F.. and !H>j Broad-
way. Oakland; clay and nlpli!: correspondence.
CLASSES in German, French. Spanish; $2 per
month: appointments by mall. 904 Taylor tt.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
lancuajres. Miss M. O. Rarrett. 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic.grammar, Writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mlssion.nr.Cth.
ACTING nnd vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrelt et.
LARKIN, 1304— Modern 6-room Oat for re;it;
furniture for sale.
12 ROOMS, tniO; 3d. 113 roomi; rent |40.
15 rooms: JSOO: new. 'II rooms; $250: Kddy.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, near Call bldg.
IV you want to move Ret printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgon cry.
FOR i=.Tle — Flr*t-cla!«i delicacy rtore; well
Mocked: Bood paying arid f^tabllshed five
years: coed charge for I parties; ill-health:
r:.*.CO. For particulars nddre-s Business. P. O.
Uox ZZt. Facram»nto.
FLAT to good house carpenter; can take part
rent In work. Address box <206. Call office.
FLAT to let; 4 rooms, bath, washroom; large
yard. 1106 Treat aye.
CORNER flat. 7 rooms, nil punny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417% Third st.
FLATS TO LET.
CLARA. 127— Flat of three nice large rooms;
separate yard; J9.
FOR sale— Good paying saloon. t-ZS; cause, sick-
ness. Hox 2iSS. Call office.
!*'X>-HOMK bakery; rine location: low rent
Kept bu?y. rartlc-ulars at ? Geary, room 2.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ets.: open till 9 p. m.
CHOICE business for Fale at a bargain; a
beautiful RFsorimpnt of opals and Mexican
EXPERIENCED p-irtnf-r to opon restaurant,
coffee saloon. Address lov SSSL Call office.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Bt. ; open till 9 p. m.
DRL'G store: Park st. and Railroad aye., Ala-
meda; a paylnp business; below Invoice; pood
reasons; investigate.
BEAUTIFUL tailor store; must be sold at
cr.ee; tir.e business: rent only $7 a month;
! arty pclr.g away. Kox 7142, Call office.
A BARGAIN— LIRht top buggy ln good condl-
JI.'?T returned from Klondike; want lady part-
ner with some mean? tf> start business in
Nome. Box ZZS*. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, with knowledge or stenog-
raphy and shorthand, would like a position.
Box 42:.3. Call office.
A — BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
glnes boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear St.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for »u!ti and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', tb*
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Buildlnr
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamer*, residences ;¦ portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc Th»
AValtz Safe Co., 103-111 Market »t., S. F., cal.
EDISON concert phonograph. pric«» reduced t»
1100; concert records, V 50. BACIGALun.
iZ'M— GROCERY bUFlness ln one of tho best
country toxins; fine modern store In center of
town; plenty of room to add general stock.
Inquire at 20 Lafayette ft., city.
COACHMAN— Competent man, thoroughly . un-
dorstands his business In all branches, desires
permanent situation. Ap to references and
qualifications address C. S., 1022 Jackson at.
WANTED — By man and wife, positions; well
educated; speak German and English; coun-
try or seaside preferred. Box 4251, Call office.
POSITION a3 bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk >tr all com-
Dined i r^f 6 nonces uiicxccr)tlon*L&l& .Addr^ss box
4Z63 Call ofnee.
BORUOW money on sealskins, silverware; low
HANDSOME bay mare and English trap; nne
roadster: perfectly safe. NEVADA bTA-
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A BEAUTIFUL Marquise diamond and etner-
ald rlne for $63: cost originally $113. UNCLE
ANOTHER Smith Premier tyj>e-writer: ftn» or-
der; get price. I* & 31. ALEXANDER, 110
Montcomery Bt.
PAINTER, paperhang-er and decorator wants
employment: city or country: flrst-ciass me-
chanic: capable of managing any ciass of
*york; will work for $2 W per day. Address
box 2562, Call office.
WA.VTED- Day girl to assist with child: waces
S10; must live home: references. 1714 Van
Ness aye.
AN American working housekeeper for coun-
WANTED— Experienced men's neckwear mak-
ers; also apprentices. L,. SAMTER & SON.
MS Market st.
OPERATOns en v.-alsts and wrappers. NEW-
BAUER nncs.. IS Kir=t st.
GIRL, to assist in housework; no cooking. 1308
a branch office for the reaction of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
«t 1223 Polk St.; oren until P p. m . v
A BRANCH ofHce for Call advertisements and
FUbscriptlons has neen established at tie
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tnckjr sts.: open until 9 p. m
A BRANCH ofnee for Call a^ c . rt ' seme "^ f." d
suh-crlptions has been established at 103t> \ a-
WANTED — Girl to assist ln kitchen. Apply
Sl4 O" Fan-ell st.
WANTED— Experienced type distributor. THE
STANLEY-TAYLOR CO., Xl Sansome St.
WANTED— A servant girl for housework. 522V4
Stevenson st., rear.
\V ANTED— (Either sex) to fold circulars, tie.',
at home, $12 weekly; salary; particulars 2c.
Address The. Non-Medicine Cure Club. P. 0.
drawer 942. Los Angeles. Cal.
.METAPHYSICS
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy,
occultism: free clinic Tues. cv*. 303 Lark!n.
tifSlMCss CllAXCES— Continued.
COMPETENT woman want* peneral house-
work; Is a good cook and laundress. Apply
at 613 Ninth St.. Oakland.
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
YOUNG girl Tor housework; wages $15. Call
after 9 a. m.. 2526 Howard at.
WANTED — Young girl to assist ln housework.
804 Turk St.. near Franklin.
WANTED — Elderly woman to mind children
and assist; good home; $5 month. 457 Tenth.
GIRL to assist In housework; waees JlO. 516
Golden Gate aye.; sleep home. >.-;./
WANTED — Girl to help wait at table, lunch
and supper. 794 Larkin st.
EMPLOYBIENT WANTED — FEMALE.
"WANTED— By a~^minß~laa r y~of~educatlon and
rennement. a position of trust; housekeeper,
companion, oftico work; country preferred.
nox :573, Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANXJAKY 15, 1900.
DRr^nT^MRS^DAA-lES. 829 Market: ladle*
physician;- chronic diseases treated: late- scien-
tlflc methods; cure yuarantced; treatment *>.
MRS. DR. AIXEN, 1023 Market st. : hours 10
p.. m. to S d. mi at residence. 2T» TurM«*>
»ye.. 5 to 9 p. m. : guaranteed treatment. |j.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1113 Market
st.: -very case sruaranteed; $3 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. SXO Eddy st., bet. llyd*
and Larkin: hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
DR. and MRS, M. TVEQBNER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Oolden Gate aX'e.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all «l«-
easi* of the human body. 115 Mason it.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH *: WOLPMA.V. 193-197 KremSnt st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of*
flee furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-101MKn-loa Mission
st., above Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices ln S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. X. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Cth.
Guaranteed dentistry, $1 per week; refer to 6000
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; S srraduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSMAKER directly from the East would
like a few places to go out by the day; terms
reasonable. Call or address MRS. HATCH.
4SS Geary st.
60 HEAD flne draught and driving horses at
I€2l and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some flne matched, black teams.
THOROUGHBRED brood mare, by Prince Nor-
fork, dam Lady Staay, cheap; 8 years. 19
City Hall aye.
FOR *ale-Cheap. brown team. 15H: » J«w
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 805 fJ. O. Aye.
OPERATORS on overalls; positions for sev-
eral hundred more girls at LEVI STRAUSS*
factory, 32V4 Fremont st.
WOMEN and *trls on steam power sewing ma-
chines: experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36H Fremont St.; elevator.
LAIJIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., UM Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10?$ Va-
lencia at. . ¦'-¦"'
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Folk et. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : oren until 9 p. m.
HELI 1 WASTED — MALE.
WANTED— Blacksmith and tool sharpener for
mine. $C 5 and board; 3 milkers and choremen.
$20 and J2S; farmers, $-0 and $23; 20 wood-
choppers for lon* Job. $1 25 cord. H fare paid.
nnd others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento St.
WANTED — Restaurant cook, $20 a week: two
boarilin: house cooks, $23 and $35; steward,
$50; nisht cook. $12 week; 2 restaurant sec-
ond cooks. J33 and $50: hotel baker. $33 and
found: dishwashers and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
FOR gale— 2 black and. tan thoroughbred pups,
3 months old. WM. QUEEN. 713 Mission st.
ONE 4-s!ded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; & locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE ur> by (buy) SORENSEN'S alarm
clock, reduced to 60c. 103 Sixth, below Mission.
A-13 M DERP.Y and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., nr. Pine.
DRESS rants. $2 To: flne suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planem.lathe*.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
32 ROOMS, new furniture: rent $100: half cash.
_ba 1. 1 r*r cent. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
21 ROOMS; nne transient; a bl» bargain. $330.
C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market ft.
37 ROOMS: Tnylor St.. nr. Sutter: wilt suit nic«
family; half cash, $:«00. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
14 ROOMS; well furnished: rent $J0 J3:.0
Tl rooms: all rented: rent ti~> 300
40 rooms; fine location: rent $.73 1000
W) rooms at Kreat bargain: rent $200 3600
65 r. : rent $100; Jl7OO. BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market; J2W up; 7 to 8S
rooms: easy terms on any hou»e.
NKW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. TV. C. BENTHAM. I$Z2 Market st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: S drawers:
oak; complete: cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical suppllea.
boilers and engines. H. S. 'White. 51f Mission.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4:1 Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Kmployment nnd Labor Agents,
WANT MONDAY. 7 A. M
6 minors: single and double; steady: good Job.
16 farmers, pruners $26 and 120 and found
Farmer and wife, San Luis Oblspo County.
Clioremen. boys for farms, stores, etc
?20, $15 and found
Milkers, gardeners, cabinet makers, milk
wagon ond bakery wagon drivers.
MURRAY & READY, 631 and €36 Clay st.
HOTEL, laundry, butcher, bakery departments.
Broiler, city. $35; night cook. $12 week; second
cook; illshwashers; hep butchers; IS cooks for
hotels, boarding houses, camps, mines,
ranches, private families
J."O. $40. J3O. J2S and found
Third baker; bakers' helpers: boys
$25. 515 and found
2 stewards; good, steady Job $40 and foumj
9 waiters J^, J3O. lib. 520 and found
MURRAY '<& READY, C 34 and 636 Clay *t.
JAPANESE cock for 8 men for a mine; $25 and
found: fnre paid. MURRAY & READY, «4
and 6"6 Clay st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED lint; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN .<t CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. IP3I. between Lasuna and Bu-
chanan Bts.— Elegant house of 12 rooms; bath,
sifrvnntH' room, etc.: newly renovated. For
furthT particulars apply to O. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montir,om*>ry street.
FINE bay-window house, 7 rooms and bath,
high basement: flne flower garden: 1721 Bu-
chanan st., near Sutter. Apply 623 Oolden
Gate aye.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath
water free: lance yard: rent 137 50.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALfTTeD^WOLLPERT, ""773~MI9sion" St.. pays
th« highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. 12. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. TK7 Minion: fel. Ked. 3353.
11 12 1.. P WANTED — ACEVTS.
AOKNTS. either sex; city or country; to handle
staple goods; salary or commission. CALI-
FORNIA MFG. CO.. C 32 Market st.
WELL-FUR.MfHED house of 10 rooms for five
months; references required. 116 Capp st.
S-ROOM house; 313H O'Farrell St.. near Mason.
rear entrance; flne location. Apply IS Grant.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: polite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Crant aye.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 18 Montgomery ave-
nue.
A TOUN'O man to take oharce of billiard and
pool room. Apply 21 Thirtieth st.
WANTED— A dishwasher. 10S Hayes et.
aid st
street
8MADAM ADA, magnetic healer: rheumatism,
neuralgia, face blemishes cured. 1314. How-
ard street.
PILES— PETER FREILINO'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all eases of bleeding,
Itrhlnir. external. Internal or protruding;
pilea without fall, no matter of how long
standing 1 . 162S E>*vlaad<»ro «t., near Sutter.
Sw Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
| f)2i> KEAR.VT ST. Established
S, In ItJI for the treatment of Private
Sf Diaeasea. Lost Manhood. Debility or
Bk disease rearing on body and mind and
M SWn Dlwasea. Tbedoctorcureawhen
f] others fall. Try him. Charfw lo W.
Ji'nre«i;nnritnlreil. CaJlorwrit*.
Dr. J. «¦. ulßliu.\, B«i 1937. 5 an yraoclao*
Sun, Moon and Tide.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
To CHICAGO
This Is th« quickest running and moat
luxurious train across the continent. - .
Conwectino Train Leaves San Francisco:
8 P.n. JMoaday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving- In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
traina lor New York.
OVERLAND lime* Saa Francisco at 5;30
FVDDFC.C p- m. with Palace and Tourist
Y»a ii v cars ioT Kansas Cltj, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLPY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlaro n/\\ t\
and Baker&field. ROAD
SEE YOU IN Saa Francisco office. 62S
¦fiasco soon I SrJSi
•way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 Weat
Santa Clara Sue**.
DIED.
Abbott, William J.
Anderson, Mary J.
Casein. Catherine A
Classen. Johenne
Cohen. Sell*
Dierks. Fried>rleke
Jacquot, Ernest
Keyes. John W.
Lawler. Rose
McKenna, William
Messier. Raoul
Moore, Caroline L,
O'Gara. Michael
Otto. Herman J.
Pierce, Harry
Poppe, Aufusta
Pemerla, Jules M,
Vassault. Ferdinand
Wethered, Jamea S.
Wohn, AuErusta
tVUuon. Irene
ABBOTT— In this city. January 14, 1900, Wil-
liam James, beloved husband of Sabrlna L.
B. Abbott, a native of Hamburr. Germany,
a«ed 61 years 3 months and 4 days.
(tyßemalns at the funeral parlors of Bun-
ker & Lunt. 26C6 Mission street. Mission Ma-
¦onie Temple.
ANDERSON— In this city. January 12. 1900.
Mary J.. beloved wife of Cartain John E. An-
• derson, daughter of Mrs. Cook of Madison
Ind., mother of Tlllie. Arthur, Charles and
Etta Ander»on and sister of Nicholas Cook of
. Madison, Ipd., and Barbara Fehrring-er. a na-
tive of Madison, Ind.. aged 42 yeara 1 month
and 8 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt. 2C68 Mission street
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Cypreaa
Lawn Cemetery.
CASSIN— In this city, January 14. 1900, Cather.
STORAGE AXB WAREHOUSES.
PIEnCE-RODOLPir^toracT^Dd^o^lr^Co.
Office. 4ul Pott Ft. ..cor. Powell: tel. Main C7II.
RAILBOAD TBAVEL.
Stmr Xcrth Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Charles Nelson. Anderson. Seattle.
Stmr Ruth. Lundquist. .
Stmr San Juan, Brown, Cbamperico and Aca
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Ship Bohemia. Whatman. Nanalmo.
Hr ship Buteshire. Swinton. Queenstown.
Br bark Invernellt. Patterson. Queenatown.
Schr J G North. Austin, llonoipu.
Schr Volunteer. Bressem. Wlllapa Harbor.
TELEORAPHK
POINT LOBOS. Jan. 14—10 p. m.— Weather
toKgy: wind E. velocity S miles.
MISCELLANEOCS.
Fire took place this morning at Section 1 of
the seawall, damaging about 1000 sks grain be
fore it was extinguished.
MEMORANDUM.
Per bktn Planter" — Dee 2», Ist 27 X, long; 151
W, had a heavy SW squall; carried away fore
mast: have been off the lightship for the last
two days.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Jan 13— Ship
James N/esmith, for Delagoa Bay., via Port
Townsend; schr Vesra, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 1,4— 8r bark
Dominion, for Honolulu.
In bay. Jan 14 — Bark Jatnea Nesmlta. from
Port Blakeley, for Delasoa Bay.
Sailed Jan 14— Schr James Rolrh, for Nou
mea: schr William Bowden. for Port Pirle.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 14— Schr Fred
E Pander, from Port Townsend.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 14— Schr J H Brace,
for Tacoma.
FOREIGN* PORTS,
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 13— Jap stmr
America Maru. bence Dec 11.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEEXSTOTVN— SaiIed Jan 14— Stmr Campa
nia, from Liverpool, for Xew York.
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
Mcond time column wives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or Heht hand column elves the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tldea, as sometimes occurs. The heights
clvcn art In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted" from
the depth eiven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no r>ay; book for ctamp. C Eddy ml.
TTANTED— OId gold for manurg. O. NOLTE
Jeweler. 24S O'Karr*ll, bet. Powell and Mason.
ETAMirnP.ING corrected: booklet. J. "vVHITE-
HQP.N. AM.. I'h.D.. 1315 Llr.den. Oakland.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK OATS— 7:3O. »:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12: H.
1:30. 5:20, 1:39 p. m. Tnnrsd ay*— Extra. trl»
at 11:34 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at l:il
and li:W d, ra.
•UNDAYB—HiOO, 1:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:M. 2:38.
6:00. «:M B. ra.
BAK RAFAEL TO SAJT TIULXCtSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50, »:20, 11:10 a. m.; U:4S,
1:4), 1:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips M
1:55 and «:35 p. tn.
¦UNDAYS— I:IO. 1:40. 11 :U a. m.l 1:40. S:«t, IM,
«:I5 D. tn.
Between San Trandaeo and Schuetaea rarai
mint schedule aa above.
HOWARD. 715—200 tunny rooms: nicely fur-
nifhrd; every convenience: electric lights.
OAKLAND ItEAI, ESTATE.
BARGAIN— J7SO for a four-room cottage, with
basement: lot 33 1-3x100; rent $S! per annum;
convenient to cars, train and proposed ter-
minus of Sa.nte Fe R. R. Apply R. J. MONT-
GOMERY. 470 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HTER.
"THE PLEASANTON." 2632 Durant aye.. near
university— Rooms with or without board;
ynn^ ladles preferred.
CARROLTON. ITO6 Market, oor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn.: rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmo-e st.
ELLIS. 033. corner Larkin— Sunny; furnished;
bay-window; mantel; double folding bed; Jl2.
L£SEIUS&*B Quintonica is a perfect hair tonic,
Isc boL; Lederer'* Fcamo Shampoo ha? no
e<;uai. Ie pkg; Lederer uses no other. 123 Ptkn.
A KINE euit to order JlO 71. or pants J3 75; our
epedalty in remnants allows us t$ g,*ll
chtajier than ready made. L. LEMOS,
Ul7 Market St., bet. 7th and Rth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; ES2 Kearny. near Sacto:
also :C*4 Market St.. under tt. Nicholas.
W'ANTKD— By an American lady, position as
housekeeper for reliable parties. Address box
110. office. Oakland.
MT'ST SELL TO-DAY.
Three modern houses, eastern frontage and
grand marine view: 8 rooms; elegant finish;
only half a block from I'nlverslty of California;
all ready to move Into: easy payments. Parti-
culars of M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
PARALYSIS and all nervous diseases and to
which lead ostiScation, thickenir.g. contracted
rr.uscles and stiff joints, cured. Hard tumors
cr,! s.ll abnormal enlargements. Ladiee who
have Nrtn unsuccefcffuHy treated come to me.
Rheuir.atism in all forms. skin diseases, scrof-
ula, .•¦•z* ma and all Fkin diseases in their most
loath sane form, consumption and all lung; dis-
tases, ali < Id standing chronic diseases whore
d"ot"r«. and m»Mllctr.e have failed. No drugs.
No knife. Different from any other treatment.
Call or wnte us for references ar.d form cf
treatment. Consultation free. DR. L. J.
BTHATTON. COT. 5-iS and 50? TarroU building.
¦ Ssn FranrtKco Cover the Emporium).
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
A^BR U N S WI C K~I I X)VSE, l«"s lxth^Rooms
2r.c to Jl per night; Jl 25 to J5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern etrvlce; elevator;
bath: rooms &0c to Jl 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post. cor. Stooktcn— Single and
cor. Funny suites for gentleman and families:
fpec. rates tourists; elevator; all conveniences.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*üb»onsulcns has been established at 10SS Va-
lencia st.
I'EK!»O\ALS.
MAGGIE FEIL-^-Please tend your addresa to
your slcter CHRISTINA, care Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper for club 'of gentlemen or *mall private
farr.ily; excellent oi>.k; authentic city refer-
«i<x-. A. E. F., 2120 liuth et.
LKPHRER'S QUINTONICA.3Scbot.; Lederer's
Foamo Sha»i>oo. Ie box, are leading all the
ether hair tonlea an 1 shampoo*. 12J Stockton.
MONDAY ONLY. LEDEREH will place on sale
all of his IS-lnch Jl switches at 50c; a fine op-
P' rcuslty fcr one day only; hainlressing lie.
123 Ftoekton Et.
OIL STOCK FOR SW.K
POLK. 1635— Light room: gas, running water;
bath; $5 per month; private.
A WEEK'S news for R centa — The 'Weekly Call,
16 pajr*-; 8 , in wrarr*r, for mailing. Jl per year.
LARGE, e'egant store. 993 Valencia street; busl-
Rftf rct»r; low rent.
GOLDEN GATK AYE., 1404—2 fine rooma for
housekeeping ; 2 beds; $10; bath.
LEAVENWORTH. 225— Large unfurnished bay-
window room; housekeeping: aAilts; tlo.
MINNA 707, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
houKPkepptng rooms; also 3 unfurnished
rooms; cheap.
$rO — STORE: I show v.-indo»-B and i large rooma;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 Fillmore st.
UOO.II* i'UH -SOUSUKKICHI-'VG.
BUSH. 2526— Tw0 sunny front rooms: furnished
for lieht housekeeping; adults only.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: rx)llt« at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant »v».
S-STOKV ajid l.as=ement brick building; eleva-
tor; "..:.-¦! for storaj-e or manufacturing :
ISO Fi.-ver.bon ft., rv ar Third: rent $T5.
MAPIPOX i- I'.VRKE.
FOR eale or exchange for improved San Fran-
' Cisco property, fruit ranch 101 acre*; value
$8000. Addrei.. H. F. SPEITZEX. Wataonvllle.
STILLBRAE lota and blocks; fenced; water
works. BUTTERFIELD. til Market st
TrS ' * 3 r* r acr ' "P: farm li«: free fare. M.
CtarrrEN. ri» Market St.. near Call building.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, January 14.
Btmr Bonlta, Nicholson. 74 hours from New
port and way ports. ¦
Ship Shenandoah, Murphy, 81 days from Syd
ne Bktn Planter, McNelU. 18 days from* Hono
lulu.
Schr Mary C, Mad sen. > hours from Bodega.
SAILET>.
Sunday. January 14.
Btmr Procreso. Zollinjr, Tacoraa,
fitmr Tillamook. Anflndsen. Tlllamook.
Btinr Albion. Wlnkel. 1 Albion. ;
IK the o!l belt. Monterey Co., 220 acres for
*«m.le, rent cr trade: suitable Tor stork, chick-
ens. hee». frood feed and flowens now. C. O.
C. Valleton. Cal.
Shipping Intelligence.
MONDAY, JANUARY 18.
ABANDONED children In St. Joaeph'a Infant
Orphan Asylum from July l, IBss, to Decem-
ber 31, IS3S: Arthur \anler, 5 years- Charles
Vanier, 3; Frank Cryne, 4; Mary Canessa 6V4-
Peter Caneyisa. 3V»; Joseph Burns. 3 5-6: 'Ger-
tie McLoughlin. 3 6-6; Pauline Smith 5- Isa-
bel Smith. 2; Peter Rellly. 8: Gertie ' Dergin,
Z: Christine Barne*. 2H; Fred Wilkle 3
Frank Mapulre. 2 &-1I; Mary Mulcahy. I; An-
nlta Greenwood. J; Laurence Bank IH" John
Bergln. 3: Francis Tarantlno. 3: William Mof-
fatt. S: Mary MrClellan. 6: Fred Sul* 2M-
Charlea Pule, 1 1-3; Itose Herbert, 5 '
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 2C*. Fourth ft.
MABKIEJD
CHURCHMAN— BARNETT— In this city. Janu-
ary 14, 1900, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson,
I). D., Charles E. Churchman of San Fran-
cisco and H. AdUla Barnett of lanta Rosa.
CHHAP houre ar.4 Jot wanted In pleasant loca-
tion. WALLER, box 2S7L Call office.
SEWIMG MACHIXES AMJ StJI'I'LIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought. boM; machine
¦supplies. Standard Asenoy. 145 Sixth at.:
phone Mint 43.
rOR aale — Cheap, new S-atory hou*e«; 7 rooma:
latest improvements: No» and Hill eta.; near
Caftro-st. cars; patent aidewalk.
HOUM» \VAVrBD.
WANTED — S or 3 furnished rooms for house-
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BOEN.
BUCHER— In this city. January 6, 1900, to th«
wife of Charlea C. Bucher, a daughter.
BENNETT— In this city. January 1, 1900, to the
wife of John Bennett, a son.
McNUTT— In this city; to the wife of Dr. R. B.
McNutt, a daughter.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an!
tubsTirtloriF has bwn established at the
northw-Ft ccrn»r of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky stF. : op»n till 9 p. m.
Ct&aei connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark w>«t
Bprinss and 'White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
(or Lytton Springs; at G«ys*rvlHa for Bka««a
flprlnrs; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
and for Duncan Bprinss. Highland Springs.
Xelseyrtll*. Carlsbad Springs, Sod* Bay. Lakt-
port and Bartlett Springs; at UktaJ> for Vtcny
Bprinss. Saratoga Springs. Blua Lakaa. Laur*l
Dell Lake. Witter Sprln«r». Upper LaUcs, Porno,
Potttr Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvilla Orr'i
Hot Bprlnga, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
VTestpcrt. l-'sal. Wlllltts, Laytonvllle. Cum-
minga. Bell's Sprlnca. Harrla. Olaen'a. Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r*»
*uced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points)
Wyond San Rafael at bait mtea.
Ticket Offices. «SO Market at.. Chronic!* bid*.
¦L C. WHITING. R. X. BIAN.
General Manacer. Gen. Paw. AjeaU
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Mmmmm3ttm Fmij.
Commencing October 1. ISJ».
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAI^LBTt
AND BAN RAFAEL.
yiXK DATS— *7;OO. "^iSO. 11: CO a, m.: *1-4 S.
«t:4O. 5:15. «00. «:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa R%*
; fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at »:C0 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:W, »10:00. «ll:J0 a. m.: «IUL
1:15, *4:45. «:30. »:60 p. m_ • •*•*
Tralna marked t*> run to San Quentla.
; FKOM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCOL
WEEK DAYS-5:25. *S:3S. 7:45. »9:40 ». ,£J
•12:20. 2:15. *VAO. *5:15 p. m. *
\ EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesday* and
, Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
BUNDATS— «:M. *S:00, •l5;0O. «11:4S a» m.i
: «l:40, *3:15. 4:43, •«:» p. m. *
, Trains marked (•) start from San Quenttn.
rBOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
. -WT*:K DATS— S:43, 8:43. 7:55. 9:45 a. nkl
tJ:M. 2:35. *:43, B:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays to4
¦aturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. ra.
BUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. m.; 12:53. MS. l:l.v
140. 1:45 p. rv
THROUGH TRAINS.
J SOO a. m. week daya— Caxadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and -»y atationa,
: l; 00 a, la. Bunday»— Tonalea and way station*
MOUNT TAMALPfUS SCENIC RfULWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausaltto Kerry.
Week Days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. ra.
Sundays 8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:43 p.m.
Steanvbeated closed car on all trains.
Fare— Saa Francisco to Summit aad Return,
n 40.
A ISRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Po!k st.: open till 9 p. ra.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
Bubsrrlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ft.
TO ARRIVE.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Dank
•of San Francisco— At a regular meeting of «!he
board of directors of this bank, held January
I. 1903. a dividend waa declared fcr the ha.l>
year endlns December 31, 1833, at the rate of
seven (") per cent per annum, payable or.
and after the 11th "In^t. Transfer books w'll
be closed from the 10th to the 15th lnst.. b;th
dais inclusive.
GEORGE OHANT, Secretary.
January 3, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 75 (25c per
thare) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY, will be payable at the
of flee of the company. No. 327 Market st.. tn
and after Saturday, January 20, 1?00. Trans-
fer books will cloie on Saturday, January IS,
ISOO, at 12 o'clock m.
¦ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND SOTICBB.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOX SALE.
A. M. SPECK ft CO. ~ ~CcT MARKET ST.
All Selected Barcains.
A—$140,000;A — $140,000; grand buy: near Chronicle; renta
ISIS net.
A— ITo.000; rents $4000 per year; 60-foct corner.
near Tivoll.
A — JiL.OOO; fine buy; 4-#tory brick; near Or-
pheum: lot !6 feet front; all rented.
A— *4s,Ot*>; rents $4000 per year; Sirth-st. cor.
A— J3l,C\)O; business property; rents $2M»; new
building.
A— 525,000; rents $200; new; all rented.
A—sis.E'»;A — $i5.E'»; rents $135; corner on Leavenworth
art.: rr. -rr !>(.«-» SX2.OQO.
A— T4.DO&; reals $100; buslne«» property; near
Hale's start.
A— s7soo; rents f75; 2 elegant flats, nr. Ha'.ght
A— jeOOO; rents $60; Poet ft.: 2 nlc« flats; S. E.
cor. Twentieth et. and Lexington aye. ; I rooms
end bath ; want offer.
A-H500; rents $40; California st.: I eood flat*.
FORECLOSURE sale— J2CoO: two choice flats of
5 rooms each, renting for t'S; make offer At
210 Valley »t.. near Noe. or JSPECK A CO..
ROSEDALE, 321 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooma:
2ic a night: Jl a week: transient.
NATOMA, 739— One large sunny room; $8.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Funny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wk., mo.
MIPSION. 1729H— Kooms suitable for 1 or 1 In
exehar.ee for evenine with studies.
MINNA. 727H — Sunny double room for one or
two gentlemen; gas; Lath; rent J6.
COLEMAN buys clothlr.g, bric-a-brac, tools'
carpets, old gold: send for him. £06 Kearny.
EEST price for cast-off clothing and brlc-a-
_Jil?^_ H " MARKS . 20S Third et.; send postal.
MINNA. CS7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
tay-wir.dow room, $1 per we?k; transient.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wittram Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of business
827 Market st., San Francisco.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the ISth day
of December. 1599. an assessment (No. 7) of
one U) cent per nhare was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately In United State* gold coin to the
Fecretary at the office of the company at the
Any etock upon which this assessment phall
remain unpaid on the 22nd day of January,
ISCO, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment is
made before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February, 1&00, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with cost* of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary,
327 Market st.
MARKET, 935 — Furnished front room; above
Halt Hros. Apply 108 Hddy st.
JESSIE, 373, near Emporium— Furnlched front
rooms. SS and !C.
OAKLAND HnXITURE FOH SALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Kchellhaan the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
IfSOO— WILL cell quick for $1200; fine corner
residence- lot 45.x175; i rooms: up to dat«.
E. E BUNCE, SOS Broadway. Oakland.
HOWARD. S2?— Clean, respectable: 25c-$l per
night: Jl-J3 per week: Howard cars to door.
HYDE. 40$— Sunny furnished; folding bed; gaa,
bath; tV>; aliso single, $7.
THE first-class, old-established business; good
reasons for selling; rare chance. E. E.
BUNCE. SOS Broadway, Oakland.
ELECTKIC ligtrta In every room; ¦Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et., near Market; 100 rooms;
25c to fl M per r.lght; II 50 to J6 per week;
free 'bup and ba«gage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tuir."rs; make-up end wig»; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market et.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 113 Eddy «t.
Fl<3£^-S eweej>era are the best and cheapest.
All kln<is repaired ar.fl for sale at 242 Sutter.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop HmiM; oysters
any style. DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
IK you with full value for your cast-off cloth-
lr.g call on D. COHEN, IST Third st.
GOUGH. 4*7— A lartfe furnished front room;
suitable for two gentlemen.
I GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission Fts. — Punny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 751 Mission— Select family
rooming house; SI 50 to *S per week.
$350 CASH, balance $28 per month; modern
house; 5 minutes' walk to local; eunny and
new. WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
LEDERETR It par excellence, the hairdresser of
£a.n Francisco; latest styles only. 25c; mani-
curing, 25c; massaging. H; pood switches. II;
fir.c. J2 50; open Sun.. 8 to IS a. ra. 123 Stkta.
j GOLDEN GATE aye.. 72T— Nicely furnished
front room; private family; reasonable.
GIRARD House. 1?2 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms: day or week: reasonable.
Patant Trademark
and Copyright
Laws a Specialty.
American and Foreign
Patents 6o:icited.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
IF yuu an. bothered with rheumatism or kidney
trouble call at 17 Powell t>t. and get a free
eanU'le of I»r. Crale'e Rheumatic Cure; It
positively cures.
uEIIKEIiEY IIOOMS.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLPOM. %S. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or single; new mtrt.
FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 1933 Devisa-
dero St., cor. California.
GEART. 14A— 7 rooms to let; nicely furnished;
1 front room.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BORROW on pianos. furniture, diamonds,
paintings: secrecy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1384)— Fu-
rnished mis., suites, single; also unfurnished.
JSJOO— FINE new modern house 7 rooms; choice
lot. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
TWELFTH. 12 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping, from $« to $8.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at US Polk st.; own until 9 p. m.
STEVENSON. Ml. bet. Seventh and Eighth,
above Odd Fellows' Hall, near new postofnee
— J furnished housokpg rooms; bath; central.
THIRD, 143 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete: bath and ffas.
PALMISTRY.
SHOTWELL. 937— Upper floor.- 3 sunny bay-win-
dow rooms and bath; $10.
POLK. 1620— Two large sunny unfurnished
fmms; closete; water; cheap.
ROOMS papered from J3; whitened, $1 up-
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
OAK, 54 — Large nunny front rooms for house-
keeping: * a *. bath; new house^
NINTH. US— 2 connected sunny housekeeping
rooms; runnlns water; $8.
MRS. DR. E. I. WILLIAMS gives electricity
for rheumatism, and ladles 1 specialists. 1055
Market st.
MIPPION. S45 — Front room and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA STANDARD OIL COMPANY
GIANT OIL OOMPANT.
First-class OH Producing Properties.
Subscribe for Stock at fl per Share.
Sale of Stock Limited.
Could Par 7 per Cent IMvidend To-Day.
EIX NEW WELLS BEING DRILLED.
WRITE OR CALL.
Room* 15-16, 21 floor. Mills building.
ETOUE reduced from $»X to $25. S. E. cor.
Howard and Tenth *ts.: 4 rooms.
MARKET et— The whole or any portion of a
building near First Mreet. ASHTON &
GARDXKKB. 411 Montgomery *t-
ONE of the recent features of desert
mining progress in Southern Cali
fornia is the establishment of a
custom mill at Borax Lake, forty
miles from Johannesburg. It is a
rotary mill of about thirty tons' daily ca
pacity, and is nearly ready for operation.
The result of its operation, as of all such
new mining facilities where none existed,
will be the development of small • mines
from which ore could not be Bhlpped so
far over a costly route to custom mill or
smelter. It is being put up by San Fran
dsco men, who have developed a supply
of well water. Miners of small means
within a few miles can now work small
quantities of ore and so be enabled to de
velop their claims if they have valuable
ore near the surface.
The - mineral resources of the Mojave
Desert are being rapidly brought nearer
to successful development and operation,
both possible and actual. The Randsburg
railroad thrust a new boom to the east
clear to the Panamint Mountains, custom
mills at Randsburg, Johannesburg and
Garlack set miners to digging as far on
ward as hauling ore was practicable, and
the development of subterranean water
supplies has recently given a new promise
to the region. The successful development
of new mines by capitalists in Southern
Inyo County has further drawn attention
and money across the desert and now a
continuation of the Randsburg Railroad
into Inyo County seems certain. That will
stimulate mining operations over a big
belt of untouched mineral riches. The
day of that desert's greatness Is nearing.
New York boulevards and the Mojave
Desert are two of the early patrons of the
automobile. The latter offers -a "big
field" for the beastless vehicle and needs
it. It already has a prospecting wagon,
driven by gasoline, and planned to carry
water, provisions, shelter, assaying out
fit, etc. The idea of gayly dashing over
the vast arid wastes, stopping anywhere
to hop out for samples which may be as
sayed en route, and feeling indepenent of
the next far away well, has charmed a
good many imaginative desert miners, and
it may be partially carried out. The im
aginative, however, might dwell on what
would happen if the thing broke down
sixty miles from anywhere.
Eig steam traction engines have been
successfully substituted for the pic
turesque twenty-muie outfits which have
so long nauled borax across the sandy
wastes, and their use is rapidly increasing
in this State and Arizona. It is hardly to
be doubted that oil, electric and other mo
tors will soon be adapted to the long des
ert roads and help solve the transporta
tion problem.
The Julian district In Ban Diego County
wants automobile freighters, and the mer
chants of Julian are agitating the subject
of putting several trucks in operation be
tween that place and San Diego to carry
both freight and passengers. It is said
that trips now requiring a day could be
made in olx hours, and several little towns
on the route are being canvassed in be
half of the project. Tnere, as elsewhere,
freighters, hay dealers and others inter
ested in established methods of transpor
tation are in active opposition. That is
the case up in Shasta County, where a
franchise for a steam traction line out of
Redding to a lumber camp is a burning
local question. Other automobile projects
have been started in California mining re
gions, and the probabilities are that the
automobile as an ore carrier will soon
figure in technical mining literature.
A good deal of current transportation
progress In California Is closely related
to the mining industry, as it needs to be.
The richest part of the mother lode, that
in Amador County, about and between
Jackson and Sutter Creek, is likely to be
reached by a railroad soon. David Gut
mann and some Eastern associates have
organized the Jackson, Sutter and Ama
dor Railroad Company and propose to
build a 35-mlle standard gauge road from
lone to the towns mentioned. The many
men interested in stages and freighting
outfits are presenting much opposition.
What a railroad would mean to these min
ing interests is indicated by the following
from the Amador Ledger:
"The Impassable condition of the wagon
roads and the congestion of freight at the
lone depot, all destined for points along
the mother lode, are most convincing
proofs that the present mode of transpor
tation of freight— namely, by wagon — Is
deplorably inadequate for the volume of
business to be handled. Three hundred
thousand feet of lumber is to-day and
has been for some time exposed to the
weather in the railroad yards and the
freight sheds are so full that, after wagon
trarllc openß. it will take months to get
the merchandise and mining materials to
their destinations, even If every available
team and wagon Is pressed Into service."
The extension of the Sierra Railway up
the mother lode from Jamestown to An
gela Camp is progressing, but Is delayed
by wet weather. The roadbed is graded
to the cut through Table Mountain and
the steel bridge over the Stanislaus at
Robinsons Ferry is being erected.
The oil boom will give Kern County a
short branch road from Bakersfleld to one
of the new nelds :
Oil Is engrossing the attention of an In
creasing number of people In the State.
Stocks in oil companies are being sold in
the northern part of the State and up In
the mountains. The legal tangle war San
Joaquin Valley oil lands promises to ap
proach in extent the past one over Mexi
can land grants.
In Kern County over a hundred drilling
rigs are operating day and night and more
are planned. Land values have risen in
the oil districts. There is a great demand
for experienced drillers and they are be
ing drawn by higher prices from the
southern fields. The demand for drillers'
riffs and well supplies exceeds the sup
ply. At Summerland wells are multiply
ing in the ocean. Last month eighty-four
carloads of oil were shipped.
The Union Oil Company has recently
completed a second tank steamer to run
between Ventura and the refinery on San
San Francisco Bay. Extensive additions
are being made to the storage capacity of
the Southern California fields and miles
of pipe lines are being laid.
The Bakerafleld CalU'ornian reports that
a trial run made by the Santa Fe Railway
Company of oil from Bakersfleld wells gave
satisfactory results and that Master Me
chanic Rutherford has recommended the
use of that oil on all the engines of. the
Valley system. The same paper states that
oil tanks will be built at Point Richmond,
Stockton and Fresno, which, with tho one
at Bakersfleld, will furnish a supply at the
principal points on the line.
When the Onelda, In Amador County,
gets into full operation it will be one of
the great mines of the State, as It was
a generation ago. The finest hoist on the
coast has long been in operation over
the new vertical shaft which London cap
italists have sunk nearly 2000 feet, reach
ing large bodies of valuable ore and, a
sixty-stamp mill Is in process of erection.
The plant and new development will rep
resent an Investment of several hundred
thousand dollars before a ton of ore is
milled. Of its present status the Ama
dor Ledger says:
"The work of mill building at the Onei
da mine has been delayed seriously on
account of the impossibility of hauling
the lumber to be used in its construction
from the depot at lone to the mine. There
is now at the lone depot about 200,000 feet
of lumber for that mill, which cannot
possibly be hauled in a manner that will
be proritable to either the owner or the
teamster for some weeks to come. The
delay already caused by bad roads will
probably place the completion of the mill
as late in the coming year as July. The
development of the mine in the new shaft
and on the levels therefrom continue un
der the efficient management of John
Xruscott, and whenever the sixty-stamp
mill is completed the property will be so
well opened that it can be kept running
indefinitely."
W. C. Ralston, president of the Califor
nia Miners' Association, was In Washing
ton last week on his way home and while
there he did his best with Congressmen
and Interior Department officials to aid
the passage of the mineral lands bill and
other mining measures. One of his efforts
was a delightful and winning dinner at
the Arlington to the California delega
tion, several other Western Senators and
Representatives and Land Commissioner
Hermann.
Stephen Bowers of Governor Gage's
mining bureau has been studying Randa
burg mines and ores,* notes on which will
make part of a forthcoming report on
Southern California mining fields. W. H.
Storms reached Jackson early In the week
and began his studies of mother lode
mines in Amador County. It is expected
that a bulletin by him will be published
In July.
We learn that some fifteen new quartz
mills are to be shipped into Slskiyou
County next spring and summer, or as
soon as the wagon roads are in good con
dition for hauling the heavy machinery
from the railroad depot, says the Yreka
Journal. At present it is hard work to
haul even an empty wagon. This winter
so far is one of the best ever known in
Siskiyou County for successful mlnln B .
There has been a great amount of rain
and snow, though more of the latter would
be very desirable. In connection with this
favorable condition the weather has been
mild, to prevent any freezing of ditches
or stopping the continuous use of giants
in hydraulic mining, with temperature
not lower than 24 at coldest and 50 to 60
most of the time. In the dry diggings
ground-sluicing has been carried on with
great success, and the ground is so well
¦soaked thnt the water supply even in the
dry or high gulch and bar diggings will
last longer in the hot season than gen
eral.
The mill at the Arbona mine Is running
night and day on very rich ore, according
to the Tuolumne Independent. After each
round of holes In the ledge the superin
tendent and foreman precede the miners
in order to gather the specimen rock
thrown out by the blast. The work of
stoping from the 500-foot level la in pro
gress. On this property is a case of a
mill being erected before tho true worth
of the mine Is known.
Much activity la now going on around
Tuttletown, Tuolumne County, in the way
of mmmg 1 , and many recent strikes are
reported from there. - ; -.
The bottom of a beach lagoon In Hum
boldt County Is being prospected with a
sand pump.
Napa County quicksilver minea snipped
952 flasks In December.
A mica discovery has been made near
Jacumba, on the Colorado desert. In San
Diego County. J. O. DENNY.
RANCH TO LKT
FoR rent— Ranch of 10 acres, with house and
barns; suitable for milk or chicken ranch;
running stream of water: back of Glen Park.
Inquire JOOST BROS.. Mission and Eleventh
ft*., or Corbett road. Sunnyplde Saloon !
MINES AND MINING.
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith elves no-
tice that the following orphan and half or-
phan girla and boys have been admitted to
the Institution from July 1, 1599, to Jan. 1,
1900: Anna M. Clemens, 1,0 yrs. 8 mos.; The-
resa C. Clemens, 8 yrs. X mo.; Petra M.
Clemens, 2 yrs. 9 mos.; Margaret Peterson, 7
¦ yrs. 11 moa.; Marguerite Kempf, 4 yrs. 3 mos.;
Sarah N. Nlcol, 12 yrs. 10 mos. : Nina E. Mil-
ler, 6 yrs. 1 mo.; Emily E. Reed, 9 yrs. 10
mos.; Margaret Brooks. 11 yrs. 3 mos.; Mary
Brooks, 10 yrs. 2 mos.; Ethel Brooks, v yrs.
6 mos.: Sibella Bank. 6 yrs.; Cruz Isura. 9
yrs. 4 mos. ; Rosol Isura. 8 yrs. 6 mos. ; Vin-
cent Isura, 7 yra. 7 mos.; Alvln C. Rupky,
11 yn. 7 mos. ; Carl S. Bonicke, 8 yrs. 11 mos ;
Frank Bonicke. 7 yrs. 6 moe.; John
Peterson, a yrs. 11 mos.; Charlea Pet-
erson. 4 yrs. 5 mos.: William Peterson,
2 yra. 8 mos.; Victor Olsen. 15 yrs.; Myron
A. Day. 9 yrs. 11 mos.; Henry E. Day 7 yrs
10 mos.; Charles K. Foster, 7 yrs. 7 mos :
Lincoln Q. Foster. I yrs. 10 mos.; George
Kempf. 4 yrs. 3 mos.; William Paull, 10 jtb
6 mos.: Rudoloh, 6 yrs. 6 mos.: Georse N
Nlcol. 9 yrs. 2 moa.; Walter F. Nicoi 1 vrs
8 mos.: William J. Riddle. 6 yrs.; Leslie l'
Riddle, 3 yrs.; Frank Madden, 10 yrs. 3 mos •
Galen Clark, 14 yrs. 5 mos.; Percy L Miller
7 yrs. 11 mos.: Georee F. Parley, S yrs 4
mos.: Percy G. Reed. 4 yrs. s mos.i Julius' J
Lindner, 2 yrs. 3 mos.; Walter Brooks 7 yrs
4 mos.; George Bank, 1 yr. 5 mos., and Wil-
liam Kerr. 4 yrs.
MART P. MacCRELLISH.
__2_± Secy. P. O. Asylum. 907 Pine st.
lne A., widow of the late John Cassln and
beloved mother of Mrs. Frank Anderson, a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
73 years.
CLASSEN— In Alameda. January 14. 1900,
Johenne, beloved wife of A. F. A. Classen, a
native of Germany, aged 63 \years and 11
months. (New York and. London. Enpr-,. pa-
pers please copy.)
|E3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late res-
idence, 1813 Pacific avenue, Alameda, Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COHEN— In St. Helena, January 13, 1900, Sellg,
dearly beloved husband of Carrie Cohen,
¦ father of Joshua and Birdie Cohen, aon ot
Mrs. Annie and the late M. 8. Cohen, and
brother of Isaac L. and Sadie Cohen, aged 35
years and 9 months. . . . . . ?v^.
DIERKS— In the German Altenhelm. Fruitvale.
January 14. 1900. Mrs. Frtedericke Dierks.
mother of Mrs. Augusta Behlow of Alhambra,
Col., a native of Mecklenburg, Germany, aged
75 years 6 months and 9 days.
JACQUOT— In this city, January 14, 1900, Er-
nest, beloved , husband of Josephine Jacquot
and father of Mrs. Thereux and father-in-law
of Paul Thereux and ¦ brother-in-law of. Mr.
and Mrs. A. Metral, a native ot France, aged
61 years. ¦ . '
tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, January 17, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, where services will be held under
the auspices of Franco-American Lodge No.
207, I. O. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
KEYES— In the City and County Hospital, Jan-
uary 14. 1900. John W. Keyes, a native of
Michigan, aged 42 years.
LAWLEU— Entered into rest. In this city, Jan-
uary 14, 1900, Rose, beloved daughter of the
late Joseph and Rose Lawler and sister of
Mary. Joseph. Thomas, Kate, Annie, Emma,
James, Fannie and Lawn Lawler, a native of
San Francisco.
CTFriends are resoectfully invited to at-
tend the funesal to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9
o'clock, from her late residence, 2545 Seven-
teenth street, thence to St. Charles Church,
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the recose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKENNA— In this city, January 12. 1900, at
his residence. 901 Guerrero street. William,
beloved husband of Catharine G. McKenna,
and father of William V.. Thomas R.. Charles
A. and Mary A. McKenna.* a native of Ire-
land, ae<>d "0 years 3 months and 20 days.
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock. Services' will be
held at the residence. Interment Holy Crocs
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from cor-
ner of Twenty-first and Guerrero streets at
prompt 10 o'clock.
MESSIER— In the City and County Hospital.
January 14, 1900, Raoul Messier, a native of
Canada, asred 47 years.
MOORE — In this city, at the residence of her
daughter, 905 Fourteenth street, January 11,
1900, Caroline Leonora Moore (nee Rodgers),
dearly beloved wife of William F. Moore, and
mother of William F. Jr. aad Albert Moore,
Mrs. A." E. Walker. Mrs. A. 11. Joost and the
late Frank, Estelle, John and Lizzie Moore,
a native of Hessen-Cassel, Germany, aged 63
years 2 months and 27 days. A member of St.
Paulus Frauen Verein. (Chicago papers
please copy.)
C7" Friend?" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday>, at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, 905 Fourteenth street, near
Noe. thence to St. Fanlus German Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and Cough
streets, where funeral services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F Cemetery.
O'GARA— In this city, January 13. 1900, Michael
O'Gara, beloved husband of the late Margaret
O'Gara, father of John. James and Domlnlck
OGara. and brother of John O'Gara of Gran-
itevllle. Cal.. Mrs. Marcaret Church of Bos-
ton, Mass.. and Mrs. James McKenna, a na-
tive of Sllgo, County Sllgo, Ireland, aged S5
years 4 months and 26 days. (Boston papers
please copy.)
([^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 3:45 o'clock, from 14Z7 Post
street, thence to 11 o'clock creek route ferry
to St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
OTTO— In this city, January 13, 1900, Herman
J. Otto, father of Mrs. Ermle Bredehoft, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 54 years. Lnte
a member of Gartleld Poßt No. 34. G. A. R.
(T^"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., US Geary street. Inter-
ment Notional Cemetery, Presidio.
PIERCE— In the City and County Hospital,
January 14, 1900, Harry Pierce, a native of
California, aged 31 years.
POPPE— In this city, January 12, 1900, Augusta,
beloved wife of the late Charles L. Poppe, a
native of Germany.
(CTFTlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Mon-
day), at 1 o'clock, at her late residence. 926
Shotwell street. Interment orlvate.
SEMERIA— In this city, January 14, 1900. Jules
M.. dearly beloved husband of Camllle Se-
merla. father of Arthur Semerla. son of Mrs.
Catherine and the late Joseph Semerla, and
brother of Henry. Joseph and Clara Semerla
and Mrs. W. A. Genesy, a native of France,
aired 28 years 5 months and 17 days.
VASPAULT— In this city, at his residence. S3J7
Pine street, January 13, 1900, Ferdinand Van-
sault, beloved husband of Virginia G. M.
Vassault, and father of Theodora, Virginia.
Ferdinand I. and Lawrence S. Vaitsault, a
native of New York City, aped SO years.
lC7"Funeral from the chapel of Trinity
Episcopal Church. Bush and Gough streets,
this day (Monday,) at 2 o'clock. Interment
private. T'leane omit flowers.
WETHEREI>-In this city, January 14. 1900. at
his residence. Jamea Syken Wethered, a
native of Baltimore. (Maryland papers please
copy.)
fcTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WOHN— In this city, January 13. 1900. Au-
arusta, dearly beloved wife of John Wohn.
mother of William, Walter, Erich and Herr-
man Wohn and Mrs. Julia I^fober, and sis-
ter of Hi»rrman, Thomas and the late Emma
Koch, a native of Neumarkt, Germany, aged
49 years 5 month? and 9 days.
CCTFriends and acquaintance!! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1225 York street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery,
WILSON— In this city, January 14, 1900, Irene,
bf-loved daughter of John A. and Delia Wil-
son, granddaughter of Mrs. J. Lahusen. niece
of Benjamin. Georce. Hannah and Fred La-
huspn. Mrs. J. L. Reed and Mrs. G. Peppln.
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 years 3
months and 8 days.
OFFICES A>"l> STORES TO LET.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange— Los Angeles income property,
rlear, for Oakland or Han Francisco property.
What have you? Box 2564, Call office.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MUiNDAi:, JAATJARY 15, 1900.
TO let— Fine etore. with hl<h and dry cellar.
in the bei<t retail portion of Market at- By
JOHN PFOKK. 40J Plae St.
BUTTER, 717— Very choice for rooms or of-
ficts; irr.t very reasonable: natty; also sunny
$5 rooms: please investigate.
TO RF.NT-A Ftare ami 2 rooms to rent. Apply
34 Norfolk street.
CLAY. 2421. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard: water: rear: rent $7.
*» AUCTION SALE fe
—OF—
WELL BROKEN HIGH CLASS ROADSTERS
AND TROTTERS.
(Sired by SILVER BOW (2:16>, EASTER
WILKES (11.70S) and Other Well
Known Sires.)
A Oood Ch&ncs to Get a Oreen Trottax for thsi
Season of 19C0.
Th« Property of GEO. FOX ESQ.. CLEMENT 3.
Also 23 head of BUSINESS AND DRAFT
HORSES, weighing from 1100 to ISCa Well-
matched pairs of blacks, bays, browns, dappl*
grays and grays.
TO BE POLt>
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY JAXUAKT 18. 13Ct
At U A. If., at
SALES YARD. COR. VAN NESS AYE. AND
MAIIKET STREET (1732 Market Street).
Catalogues now ready. Horn*** at yard.
' J CHASE & MENPENKALL.
Successors to Klllip & Co..
Livestock /.uctloneers.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
IOGmKRI PACIFIC CO3IPAJTT.
(PACiric !«T!itzm.>
Trafan leate nml are «lne> >• nrrlft a*
MAN IIMN(IS(I>.
(Main Lii.e. Foot of Market Street)
uatx — From Deckmbkh IX 1839. — *nxtr»
BAD tenants ejected for U; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41C Montgomery gt.. rooms 9-10: tel. 8520.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦IMB PATLOn, famouo ncier.tlflc palmist: pu-
I'll Chelro. ISIIH Market St.. opp. Van Sen
r.U(T.\ERS WAXTKD.
HALF !rtere*t In paying and well established
mfg. bus.; capital required. $."00. PCHWEIS-
IIAHII A CO.. rooms 2-3. If" 7 u Market *t-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fts.; open until 9 p. m.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SHSO— LOT 26x125; cottage B rooms and bath;
street work done: easy terms.
|?200— Lot 50x145; fine cottaaje; 5 large rooms
and bath; worth $3500; only $100 cash, balance
J2O per month; creat snap.
13000— Lot ?0x150; Morton St., between rail-
roads; near etßtion and school; handsome new
cottape of 7 rooms and bath; $500 and J25 per
month.
12250— L0t 35x150; 2-atory house of 6 rooma and
path; Alameda aye., near Morton-st. station*
eaey terms.
$3500— Lot 40x150; line new *-»tory house. S
rooms ana bath; Morton at., near stations and
EC Jl°°' B : * 500 cash, balance $50 per month.
Ju6Co— Lot 75x150; on main avenue; cottar's
S rooms and bath; treat barffain.
Houses to let tn all parts of Alameda.
ft. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park gt.. Alameda, Cal.
Jiooc CASH, balance easy terms; new 7-roora
house: 2 blocks to local. 1 block to Park at •
T^J* tl 4 UI JX nny horne = wr 'te for particulars.
P. TODD, 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
A HOME— Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DEXKE Sr
1400 Webster st.. Alameda.
•7:00 a Brnida, Suhr.n, Eljaira, TacsTOla,
Buoseyand Hacrtmento ; *7i-l3»
•7:O«* Shasta, Express— Doris. Willows,
Bed Eluff Portland *T.-43»
•7i3» * Martinez. *»n Ramon. Vallejo. Napa.
Caltsti-ga and Santa, Ensa **)sl3p
•SiSOa Tho Oreiland I.J-ri-ed— Ogden, Dea.
»er, Omaha, Chicago •sil."J»
•Stan* S»u Jose. LlTeKnore, Stockton,
lone, baciumento. Fhwrrtls,
M.»rja»i;>. fhieo. lte.l i:iulT MitO*
•*i3tK •Miir«n, Oakdalean.l Honors Uillir
•0:00 a HaTwaxtla. NUcs and Way Stations. •! 1 : 13*
•»:«« a Datia, Woodland. Knijhu T.»wrfin»
I VarisrUle. OroTtlle. nM.li
• OiOO* Atlantis Express— Ogden aad Eact •VHJ*
•9:00 a, Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Btoekton,
Mcrcd and Fresno •ISilSy
•BiOOa Pert Costa, Fre«no, Mujaro aad Loa
Angalm *4*«3v
•1 OiOOa YaUcfo. Mar' lnez and Way Btattooa •« : 13 r
•ll:OO\ H»rwi!«, >*iles»n<l Way Station*. *3i49v
•lt:OOx Kilcs. LWermore, Stockton, H±cn-
Bento. Mcndota, liicfcrd, Viaill*.
PortenlUa <4ill(
fliOrtp Sacramento JCiTerStaaniera t*«0O|(
•StOOr Haywards. Nilea and Way Stations. «St 43»
•4.00r Martlnsr. Hau Itamou. Tallejo.
Napa. Caltstoiti. HanU Rosa **il S»
*4ioor Benlcla, VacaTilla; S»cr»m»mto.
Woodland. Kolihta L»adlnc.
ManrnUls, Oro*Ule •10:43*
MiSOrNQea. Ban Jose and Stockton •ftiai
•3:oorTha Owl Llmlted-Tracy, Tnmo.
• Bakanfleld. Ban jus for bants Ba*>
bank Lea Anselea. *10*4tajk
«3iO«r Snoset Llsclted-El Paao. K«v Or-
leans and E art a»HSjk
•SiSOr Stockton. Hereed. riesao •19<iai
•9:30r Fresno, liaketsflelti, Banta> Barbara,
\jtm Acgelea. Demlng; XI Paao,
Maw Orleans aad East *MBa
•OitOT Santa V« Kouto— Allantlo Expraas
for Mo'ata aud Kan *«*4l9*
•SiOOf Harwarda, KUes and San Jom *7>4la*
?•i^Op Vallejo M ....*1»*19«
*«i3«r Oriental MaU— O«den and Bm» *S«aO9
{7>OOr Tallejo, Pott Coats and Way fcta-
ttaas. m r»»a3»
• »iS3r Oregon and Caltforaf* KxTTMS,Ht>
nunento, MarjsTllle. Iteddinc.
Portland. Pitftt HomuT aiwT Fail *Wil3^
COiST DITISIOI (Xarrotr Ciasft).
(Foot et Market Street)
" l »»«i»ANnrark,Ontcrtltle,B»nJoae,F*l»on, "
Bouldor Creek.banta.Oraa and Way
SuUona «a»O«V
ttiiSp Newark CanterTlUe, Ban .lose. New
AlmaUea, Folton, Itoulder Creek,
Santa C'ras and Frladpal Way
BUUons fl«MI«*
Mil3r Newark. Sin Jojki, Loa Gito*. ••iSOa
UlilSr Bnntera' Excursion. Sao Jom and
WayfltsHopg f7i«O>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
ma 31 11 miCISCO— FmI of Xtrzit Strnt (SUs *)—
•7:18 9:00 11:00 a.m. tI:C3 *3;00 13:09
•4:00 IS:C3 *t:&r.».
tumOilllti— r»*l»tiiotiw*j.— •«:oo 840 10O0».K.
11280 '1:00 12:03 »3:C3 |i:C3 '1:<12t.».
CO .VST DtYISIO* (nroadCaags).
(Third and Totrnsend Sts.)
lOil Oa Ocean View. Booth tiaa Franciaco.. f«:3*r
•7<O«A San .Too* ami Way StaUnua (Maw
Almadon WeilnendaTS only) •I:»of
•BiOO* San Joae, Tret rinos. Hants, Cms,
' PaclUo Uroie. I'aso Uobles, San
j I.nla Ol>Uno, Hint, Lompoc and
Pilnclpal W»T Statlniia 'I.IOf
noi4(i Ban Joasaixl Way Station* •<«:S.T*
•Ili3Oa San Joso aud Way Stations. *3:UOr
?2i lop San Matro, Itedwood. Mesilo Park.
Falo Alto. Santa Clara, 8ai« .!.,««,
Trea Finos. BanU Cmx. Hi'lnaa,
Monterey aud raciflo Cr0T0...... tIAs»«3A,
•StSS)r San Jose and Way Stations <?>3»»
fi:lsr San Jose aud Principal V/ay Stations •!>: 13*
? SiOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations I9:O<> a
*3:30r Bao.Tose ami Principal Way Statioos *M:5.1«
SiSOf 6»n Josoand Way Stations ?*:«•»»
>ll:ir»r San Joee aud "Way Statioos *7:20r
A for Morrmie P for A f ternoon.
* Daily. t Hunday excepted. t Sunday only.
6 Saturday on'y.
4LSBeada«a and Fiklaya « Thursday* and Sandara.
fUmmX KOBTHWESTE2N BT. CO.
Ui FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC!
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TllmTwn P«rry , Foot of Market St
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ROTAL House. 12C Ellis st.— lncandescent light.
rpadlrjr room, Emoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per nlßht, 35c to $1 iO; week, (2 to
f?; month, is to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished anj unfurnished.
THE Oaks. 113 Third— A good rooming house
for fxid people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRTEENTH. 829, near Valencia— Furnished
Funr.v room; rent $4; also large front room;
rent $6. '
TI'RK, 31S>— 2 6unny furnished rooms, suitable
for two.
VAN~NES3 aye.. 10L cor. Fell— A nicely fur-
r.ifhed sunny front room: folding; bed. bath,
gas, stationary wasbstand, fire grate; every-
thing new; suitable for 1 or 2 persons; rent
reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. 308— Elegant suites, single
ronms and housekeeping aultea: suitable for
doctor or dentist.
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend No. 5 (25 cents per
share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, J27 Market st., on an.i after Monday,
January IS. 1900. Transfer books will cloat
on Tueaday. January 9, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
VAN KKSB «v«., W— Elegantly furnished and
unfurnished rooms, with board; price reaaon-
able.
$1306— NEAT 4-room cotte^e; lot rs:*xllJ fw>t,
' near Han Mateo and Mission ct. cars and
Fairmount School: can be made In 2 flats
with little expense. Apj>!>- 213 Palmer t,t_.
near Chenery.
J3TI&— LOT and 8-story brick house; sur.ny cMc
South Park, near Third et.; 8 rooma; also
larcre ehep !n r»ar yard. By WM. HEX-
DRICKSOX A CO.. 614 Call building.
.\r.'.v cottages, houses and flats for sal* on
Pierce and Waller sts.. near Haight; over SO
noures rn\A In esme block. Tertr.s to suit by
T. NELSON, builder.
TINE redflenc* — J6000; Clay et.. bet. Buchanan
an* Webkter. GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Mont-
sxir.ery st.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Jan. 14, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last Reason and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Lnst This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 2.'» 82.62 15.67
Red Bluff 0.10 14.76 12.00
Sacramento Trace 13.15 7.25
San Francisco Trace 14. 3$ 7.3S
Fresno 0.00 fi.lo 3.70
Independence 0.00 2.08 1.15
Pun Luis Oblsco 0.00 12^41 6^79
hot Angeles fl.O) 4.87 2.94
San Diego 2. 50 .... 3.45
Vuma 0.00 0.C6 1.33
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
51; minimum, 43; mean. 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy and threat
ening west of the Rocky Mountains, except In
Arizona and extreme Southern California, Light
rains have fallen from Central California and
Nevada northward to the British line.
The pressure has risen over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope and fallen slightly orer
the southern.
The temperature has fallen over southern por
tions of Oregon and Idaho and Northern
Nevada,
Conditions are favorable for light showers
over Northern California and light rains or
snows over Nevada and Utah and Northern
Arizona Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, January 15. 1900:
Northern California— Cloudy, probably with
showers Monday; light northerly wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy, probably
with showers on the northwest coast Monday;
light northerly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with light rain or snow
Monday: colder.
Utah— Cloudy, with rain or snow Monday:
colder.
Arizona— Cloudy, with rain or snow in north
portion, partly cloudy In south portion; colder
in north portion Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, probably
with showers Monday; lljrht north wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
SPECIAL. .NOTICES.
THE Girls 1 Directory Orphan Asylum rives no-
tice that the following: orphans and half or-
phans have been received Into the orphanage
from July 1 to l>ecember 31, 18-O: May Thorn.
3 yrs. 1 mo. ; Jennie Huseenot, 8 yrn. ; Amelia
Husnennt, : yrs. 6 mo.; Isabella Mills 4 yrs
7 mo.; Anita Roadlet. 2 yrs.; Virginia Kirbyi
4 yrr. 1 mo.; Annie Kearney, S yrs. 3 mo ¦
Annie Farren, % yre.; Nellie Farren. 6 yrs t
mo.; Helena Griphen, I yrs. fi mo.; Ellsa Bar-
dinska. 8 yrs. 2 mo.; Johanna Daley 10 yrs i
Mary Daley, 8 yrs.: Martha Valient 6 yrs''
Alice Valient. I yrs.: Anneta Alviso 6 yra •
Geneva Alvlno. 9 yrs.; Gadulupe Alvlso. t
yrs.; Antonla Husiwnot, 6 yrs.: Albert Keur-
£ e>r " ,, 6 J y^ > . BWmo-:8 W mo -: Willie Farren. 3 yrs. 1 mo.;
Gerald Grlphen, a yrs. 6 mo.; Charles Foun-
tain, t yrs 7 mo.; Howard Jenkins. S its. •
Joseph Brodrrlrk. 2 yrs. 5 mo.; Cella Baaana.
6 yrs.: Irene Basana. ? yrs.
TO .SAIL.
REAL ESTATE— COI'\TRV— For Salle
ASTONISHINoT offer; $25 to~TS per^aereTVto
200 acres; size tracts to suit; cath. easy term*
or mirht take part In exchange; all very
' flneat; highly cultivated l»vel loam; in most
' deeirable location; within 2fe miles, by level
cprinkled road, from Napa; unsurpassed for
Irult, vim-yard, olives, nuts, corn, etc.; now
: • f •. r..:-..r- r." crops of grain; unequaled
for poultry bu»ines*; 2 living creeks; abund-
ance well water: complete of bulldlnra:- acat-
¦ ¦ . . r. .: ..¦!-• oaks; would be cheap even at
lluO j»er acre; tetter than stated.
N. D. EICKELS, THE LAND AGENT,
;0 Geary at., opp. Chronicle bldr.. 6. F.
A LIST of F;x>rial Bargains— AVben sending for
• my catalogue always stat» about what is
wantt-0. amount to Invest, etc; I'll then alto
Curnlsb a Fpeclally rrepajvl list of "snap"
fcareair.s near, what you want. - not In cata-
:---¦.:••. While I make a opeclal feature of
Napa and Sonoma County places, I'm person-
ally acquainted with o\-er 3000 ranches for
tale- or exchange in Californli— more than any
othrr ten agents in the State. I travel nearly
e!l the time. Inspecting- country property.
Jf. T>. FICKELS. the Land Arent
10 G?ary i»t.. opp. Chronicle bidg.. S. F".
€ANTA OLARA Valley fruit, farming and
etcck lands; owner's sale in tracts of 6 to &00
a<res: cajy terms, cr will exchange for San
Franc: «co property. App!y to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS aod G. C. VACHELL. JO Montgomery
«... between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. dally.
United State. Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Ilelshta of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FOX SALE—J.TO; 300 laying hens. 1 horse. 1
harness. 1 cart. 1 plow, 1 harrow and small
..tools: win rent the place at 110 per month;
has 3 a/-r«-*, E-room house, barn, 9 chicken
houses, windmill and lank: pmall orchard:
.'clos* to town. OEO. C. YOUNG, Petarurna.
Leave ArrlT*
¦an Franciaco. In Effect San Franciacot
« October 15. ¦
W«ek Sun- U9S. Bun- 'Week
Day*. day*. Destination days. Day*.
T:Boam t:oOam Novato, 10:40 am 1:40 ua
1:83 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. (:06 pm 10:SS ana
1:10 pm 5:00 pxn Banta Rom. I;iS pm (:23 poa
Fulton.
T:JO aa Windsor. KJ* usj
Healdaburr.
Lytton.
O»y«ervUla.
S:tO pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. T:SS pm t:tl pm
T:M am Hep! and and
1:00 am Uklah. 7:33 pm 1:13 pa
t.-M am • U:Sua
8:00 am Guernexills. 1:33 pm
1:18 pm 1:22 ps»
T M am 1:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am I: to am
and
• :10 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. (:«5 pm I:S pm
T:Soam 1:00 am BebastopoL 10:49 am 1»:K ac>
t:SO pm 5;00 pm T:33 pm t:tt pn>
KtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
• (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
' . Telephone South 80.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.I
1235 Market st, between Bth and Bth. i
J*»»»^^^relephone South - Wl. I
9
JOILV L. BOOXB,
Attorney at Law,
No. 101 S-U*r «t..
Saa Francisco, CaL
Send for circular.
Sun r!
Eun t(
Mono
ISM
ets •
flees (full) 0:00 p
Time Time Time ITlme
Ft. Ft. Ft.
L, W H W 1/ W H W
0:00 4.9 4:45 3.0 10MJ 5.J 5:35
0:37 4.8 L'.ti i.i 11:2$ 5.6 6:07
1:10 S.O 6:13 2.S 13:11 6.4 6:37
1:43 5.0 6:57 2.6 12:E4 6.0 7:04
3:14 6.1 7:11 2.5 • 1:35 4.6 7:33
2:41 5.1 8:24 2.4 2:21 4.2 8:03
8:10 6.0 9:13 2.1 3:12 3.9 8:35
rK— ln the above exposition of the
..T:JS
?5:15
). m.
i
IS |f.
lfl ...
17 ...
IS ...
1» ...
20 ...
21 ...
l«.
-0.6
—0.3
0.0
0.4
- o.»
1.3
l.g
tides
¦key:
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
-..,. Cruz. San Pedro Jan. 15. 9am Pier 11
H^ne Maru Chlna&Japan Jan. 16, 1 pm|PMSS
o«2en . Vie & PBt Sd. Jan. 16. 10 am Pier S
A nr^ch'a Coos Bay Jan. 16. 10 am|pi er li
&ntft Ro?a. San Diego Jan. 17. 11 ami Pier 11
Itmoa • Humboldt Jan. 17. 10 am Pier U
Ran Pedro.. Humboldt..... Jan. 17. 4pm Pier li
liSata .V... Coo. Bay Jan. 17. 10 am Pier U
r^lumbia .. Portland Jan. is. 10 ami Pier 2,
SSSSwt .. Panama....... Jan. 18. It m PMSS
AbTrd^en Portland Jan. U
r<£s Bay. . Newport Jan. 19. 9am Pier 11
[X jolcey Chlna& Japan Jan. 20. Ipm PMSS
pt Arena.. Point Arena... Jan. 20. 2pm Pier I
r-orona ... San Diego Jan. 21, 11 am Pier li
NVwbur* •• Grays Harbor Jan. a
Walla Wall Vie & Pat Sd. Jan. 21. 10 am Pier i
"tate of Cal Portland ...... Jan. 23. 10 am Pier 2<
Steamer. I From. | Due.
[
¦ — r-rr: . —
Samoa |Humboldt |Jan. 15
Columbia Portland.... Jan. 15
p hlna China and Japan Jan. IS
E Thompson... Seattle Jan. 15
Santa Kosa San DießO Jan. 16
Arcnta jCoos Bay Jan. 15
Empire Coos Ba >' Jan - 15
M™ klnaw Seattle Jan. 16
E Thompson... Seattle....... Jan. 14
Sli.toi Departure Bay Jan. 16
i rn. •"« Bay" Newport Jan. 17
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Putet Sound Jan. 17
Aberdeen Portland Jan. 17
Pwnona Humboldt Jan. 17
£outh Portland. Departure Bay Ja.n. 17
Hoha ...... Crescent City Jan. 17
Q "hure Grays Harbor Jan. 1&
Pn^it Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 18
cScentCUr... Crcacent City Jan. 18
corona ..-'¦ Sftn Diego Jan - 19
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 19
cSilllf RWer.. Grays Harbor Jan. IS
f*Z\nn Panama Jan. 19
I ftnv- Jolcey.... China and Japan Jan. 1?
fWlna ...... Pu»«t Sound Jan. 13
Willamette •••• Seattle Jan. 19
wiihtenaw ... Comox Jan. 19
S^ate of ell. •• Portland Jan. 20
nnrle China and Japan Jan. 20
9anta Crux Humboldt Jan. 21
TTmatllla .... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 22
vSKmnla ' Hamburg Jan. 2*
Steamer. I From. | Due.
[
¦ — r-rr: . —
Samoa |Humboldt |Jan. 15
Columbia Portland.... Jan. 15
p hlna China and Japan Jan. IS
E Thompson... Seattle Jan. 15
Santa Kosa San DießO Jan. 16
Arcnta jCoos Bay Jan. 15
Empire Coos Ba >' Jan - 15
M™ klnaw Seattle Jan. 16
E Thompson... Seattle....... Jan. 14
Sli.toi Departure Bay Jan. 16
i rn. •"« Bay" Newport Jan. 17
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Putet Sound Jan. 17
Aberdeen Portland Jan. 17
Pwnona Humboldt Jan. 17
£outh Portland. Departure Bay Ja.n. 17
Hoha ...... Crescent City Jan. 17
Q "hure Grays Harbor Jan. 1&
Pn^it Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 18
cScentCUr... Crcacent City Jan. 18
corona ..-'¦ Sftn Diego Jan - 19
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 19
cSilllf RWer.. Grays Harbor Jan. IS
f*Z\nn Panama Jan. 19
I ftnv- Jolcey.... China and Japan Jan. 1?
fWlna ...... Pu»«t Sound Jan. 13
Willamette •••• Seattle Jan. 19
wiihtenaw ... Comox Jan. 19
S^ate of ell. •• Portland Jan. 20
nnrle China and Japan Jan. 20
9anta Crux Humboldt Jan. 21
TTmatllla .... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 22
vSKmnla ' Hamburg Jan. 2*
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
-..,. Cruz. San Pedro Jan. 15. 9am Pier 11
H^ne Maru Chlna&Japan Jan. 16, 1 pm|PMSS
o«2en . Vie & PBt Sd. Jan. 16. 10 am Pier S
A nr^ch'a Coos Bay Jan. 16. 10 am|pi er li
&ntft Ro?a. San Diego Jan. 17. 11 ami Pier 11
Itmoa • Humboldt Jan. 17. 10 am Pier U
Ran Pedro.. Humboldt..... Jan. 17. 4pm Pier li
liSata .V... Coo. Bay Jan. 17. 10 am Pier U
r^lumbia .. Portland Jan. is. 10 ami Pier 2,
SSSSwt .. Panama....... Jan. 18. It m PMSS
AbTrd^en Portland Jan. U
r<£s Bay. . Newport Jan. 19. 9am Pier 11
[X jolcey Chlna& Japan Jan. 20. Ipm PMSS
pt Arena.. Point Arena... Jan. 20. 2pm Pier I
r-orona ... San Diego Jan. 21, 11 am Pier li
NVwbur* •• Grays Harbor Jan. a
Walla Wall Vie & Pat Sd. Jan. 21. 10 am Pier i
"tate of Cal Portland ...... Jan. 23. 10 am Pier 2<
Sun r!
Eun t(
Mono
ISM
ets •
flees (full) 0:00 p
Time Time Time ITlme
Ft. Ft. Ft.
L, W H W 1/ W H W
0:00 4.9 4:45 3.0 10MJ 5.J 5:35
0:37 4.8 L'.ti i.i 11:2$ 5.6 6:07
1:10 S.O 6:13 2.S 13:11 6.4 6:37
1:43 5.0 6:57 2.6 12:E4 6.0 7:04
3:14 6.1 7:11 2.5 • 1:35 4.6 7:33
2:41 5.1 8:24 2.4 2:21 4.2 8:03
8:10 6.0 9:13 2.1 3:12 3.9 8:35
rK— ln the above exposition of the
..T:JS
?5:15
). m.
i
IS |f.
lfl ...
17 ...
IS ...
1» ...
20 ...
21 ...
l«.
-0.6
—0.3
0.0
0.4
- o.»
1.3
l.g
tides
¦key:Palace and
Grand Hotels
For nearly a. quarter of a century tho
leading hotels on the Paclflo Coast.
With added Improvements and con-
veniences they continue to be tha head-
quarters for tourists and travelers vU-
itlne San Francisco.
JOHN C. KIItKPATRICK.
Manager.
OXE of the very swellest things
that ever happened in local ton
sorial circles was the ball given
last night at Native Sons' Hall
by the Barbers' Protective Union of
San Francisco. Every leading hair
clipper and shaver in the town waa
there with his best girl, and if they
all did not have the greatest time of
their lives they had a mighty close
shave from reaching that realm of the
ideal. In perfect harmony with the
occasion the ladies wore their dresses
cut pompadour, while the gents were
attired In lather-colored shirts and
dress suits.
The affair was in celebration of the
twenty-second anniversary of tHe
union, and no effort was spared to
make It surpass In every detail any
of the organization's previous social
functions. Razors were not allowed
Come Just to See.
Handsome Premiums Given Free.
Great American Importinff Tea Ga.
Stores) Everywhere.
zoo Stores.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
PREPARING FOR DRILLS.
Changes in the Assignments of Offl-
cers at the Presidio.
Drills have been at somewhat of a dis
count at the Presidio during the coming
and going of the volunteers, but now that
affairs have quieted down they will be
taken up again. As a preliminary the of
ficers on special duty are being relieved
and their duties are being distributed
among the post staff.
Orders were Issued yesterday relieving
First Lieutenant Rogers F. Gardner,
Third Artillery, as post treasurer and
signal officer, and assigning the duties of
both positions to First Lieutenant Le Roy
Ettinge, Sixth Cavalry, post adjutant.
Second Lieutenant H. C. Evans, Third
Artillery, was relieved as police officer,
and the duties of police officer will here
after be 'ooked out for by the officer of
the day, who Is also officer of the guard.
The question of clearing the camps will
be settled soon by the report, of Inspector
General Maus, who is now inspecting the
Presidio. He will inspect the camps ami
will probably recommend the condemna
tion of all tents and camp property unfit
for storage. The remainder will be stored.
policemen will not arrest "drunks" after
midnight, as they are compelled to be in
court at 10 o'clock in the morning to give
their testimony.
HORRIBLE DEATH OF AN UNFORTUNATE YOUNG WOMAN.
the engine struck her. At the time its
speed had been greatly slackened, for it
was stopped within twenty feet of the
spot where the woman was hurled be
neath the wheels. She was dragged for
that distance. The entire top of'her head
was crushed, .-pieces of skull and bits of
brain being scattered along the rails. The
wheels passed over her body, severed both
her lower limbs and crushed her right arm
below the elbow. There was still a faint
spark of life when the limp form was
lifted from beneath the engine. The by
standers shuddered as the victim uttered
one or two pitiful groans, which marked
the end of her earthly sufferings.
Miss Lawler was extremely near
sighted and had relied entirely on the
signal bell to apprise her of the approach
of trains at the crossing. Her relatives
state that they did not know that the
BEBKELEY WAS BALKY.
Passengers on the Ferry Boat Had an
Extra Long Trip.
Thanks to the inability of the captain
of the ferry-boat Berkeley to bring the
clumsy bay steamer into its slip on the
7:45 p. m. trip last evening, the passengers
of the Oregon express and the crowded
local trains enjoyed a half-hour's wait
against the piles in front of the ferry
building, while the propeller of this mod
ern craft of the Southern Pacific churned
the waters of the bay In impotent efforts
to effect a landing.
The bell to stop the engines was rung
when the boat was at considerable dis
tance from the head of the pier, a^i'J,
caught by the strong tide the Berkeley
swung round broadside to the piles, drift
ing toward the Mission-street wharf. The
crowds of passengers, congratulating
themselves that a bright moonlight would
afford them some opportunity to save
themselves, watched with considerable in
terest the efforts of the captain to swing
the Berkeley around so she could enter
the slip, by butting the head of the ferry
boat against the piles and then turning
on full steam. After a dozen fruitless ef
forts, in which it seemed that the pro
peller would shake the craft to pieces, the
captain was able to bring his boat Into
the slip and to get the tired and dis
gusted passengers ashore, fully twenty
five minutes late, and after spending
about an hour in crossing the bay.
\/| ISS ROSE LAWLER. a young wo-
II man who resided at 2545 York
I street, and was a relative of ex-
Sheriff McDade. met a frightful
death yesterday morning beneath the
wheels of the San Jose local train at the
crossing of Harrison and Seventeenth
streets. The criininal negligence of the
Southern Pacific Company is directly re
sponsible for the terrible tragedy. The
signal bell at the corner, placed there to
give warning of approaching trains, got
out of order more than two weeks ago
and no effort has been made to repair it.
Trains have passed the place contlnually
since then, but no warning sound has is
sued from the bell.
As the local train from San Jose was
passing down th.? grade toward Seven
teenth street about S:3O o'clock yesterday
morning. Miss I.awler, who was on her
way home from St. Charles Church,
where she had attended early services,
started to cross the track. She waa be
tween the rails before the engineer blew
the customary crossing whistle. She
looked Ui> as the whistle sounded and
was apparently so overcome by fright
that she became completely bewildered.
At first she attempted to retrace her
steps, but changed her mind and started
to run down the track in front of the
engine.
Engineer R. M. Watson, who was in the
cab, saw the danger of the unfortunate
woman, and, shutting off steam, applied
the air brakes with all force. His action
was prompt, but the train was not
brought to a stop until Miss Lawler had
been literally ground to a pulp. She had
run but a few steps along the track when
Or LusHL VHLULd
TOWELS and NAPKINS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BADLY BURNED
BY USING OIL
IN A FURNACE
Carelessness Results
in an Accident.
A. Larsen, an employe of the Rlsdon
Iron Works, was the victim of a peculiar
accident yesterday, which came near cost
ing him his life. A3 It was he suffered
severe and painful Injuries, the marks of
which he will always carry with him as
a reminder that in dealing successfully
with fire, caution is an essential factor.
In the furnaces of tne department where
Larsen works oil is frequently used in
making a fire. When this ignitable ma
terial Is employed the common practice is
to open the dampers so as to permit a
free draught and let the darting flames
pass harmlessly up the chimney. It was
a neglect of this precaution that almost
cost the workman his life.
As the match was applied the flames, In
stead of passing up the chimney, shot out
of the furnace door in a solid sheet and
enveloped the careless employe before he
could jump back out of danger. The force
was such that his hat was blown to the
opposite side of the room and his coat and
vest were badly singed.
Larsen was severely burned on the face,
neck and hands and suffered intense pain
on account of a partial inhalation of the
flames. He was treated at the Harbor
Hospital by Dr. Davis, who informed his
patient that he had had a very narrow
escape.
lA/. T. HESS,
HOTABY PUBLIC AHD ATTOENEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California »t.. b«low Powell,
Saa Francisco, \ _ „
G£a.H.FU_LLE2IDESRCa.
MANUFACTURES.
pragffl CHURCH
p^l^g^li furniture:
Scenes at the Barbers' Ball and What May Follow.
on the floor. The decorations of the
hall were a striking feature of the
affair. Streamers of blue, white and
pink material, bespangled with multi
colored stars, were arranged in grace
ful festoons around the gallery. The
stage was transformed into a dream
of loveliness by the liberal use of cut
flowers and evergreens.
Dancing commenced promptly at 8:30
o'clock and lasted Into the small
hours of the morning, when the floor
became sticky with the pomade that
had melted and dripped from the bar
bers' bangs.
A., L. Hartman was floor manager.
He was ably assisted by I. Abraham
and the floor committee, composed of
the following: F. Abraham, J. Klitsch,
J. Gaxiola. Charles Ivanoff, Charles
Becker and O. Smith. Much of the
success of the ball was due to the
work performed by the committee of
arrangements, which consisted of the
following well-known tonsorialists:
C. It. Zlmmer, F. Kerner, Ad Nitschke,
Valentine Ritschy, A. L. Hartman.
The comfort, of the guests -was at
tended to by an alert reception com
mittee made up of E. P. Roche, L.
Cafllsh, Louis Kleinhans, N. Wansch,
M. Ramos.
Following are the officers of the
union: William Baron, president;
Vaentlne Ritschy, vice president;
Kobert Oppenhelm, recording secre
tary; Charles Rimassa, financial secre
tary; E. P. Roche, treasurer; J. S.
lielnz, employment secretary: J.
Weber, sergeant at arms; A. Stroh
meier. George C. Young and G. Whit
ney, trustees.
The music for the occasion was fur-
S.^ he^ , by Samuels' string orchestra,
me ball was a social success and a
tonsorial triumph.
TONSORIALISTS PUT ASIDE THEIR
RAZORS FOR A NIGHT OF PLEASURE
Mysterious Disappearance.
W. J. Breckinridge, an engineer, whose
wife lives at 64S Howard street, has mys
teriously disappeared. He left his home at
523 Kearny street, where he and his wife
then lived, last Monday morning, and
since then she has not seen him. She
made inquiries and discovered that he
was seen by a friend either last Wednes
day or Thursday, but all trace of him
has been lost since. His wife reported
the matter at police headquarters yester
day, and said she could give no reason
for his absence from home and she was
afraid something serious had happened
him. He Is 59 years of ago, dark hair and
mustache, tinged with gray.
Safe letter delivery for Nome, via St. Michael,
starting; Jan. 23, via Kodlak; limit H oz. ; J3 per
letter. Mohns & Kaltenbach. 29 Market st. •
Trapper"! Oil cures rheumatism & neuralgia.
Druggists. tOe fiaek. Klcharda <fc Co, 4GB Clay.
St. Patrick's Day Plans.
The St. Patrick's Day Convention that
was to have been held at the hall of tha
Knights of the Red Branch yesterday was
postponed for two weeks. At the conven
tion delegates from all the Irish societies
will attend and determine on plans to fit
tingly observe the day. A member of the
convention stated yesterday that there
will be an attempt to get the members of
the convention interested in holding a
street parade. It is more than possible
that a part of the funds that are collected
from the day ¦will be sent to the Boers aa
a small token from California.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AM OBJECT LESSON
In a Restaurant
A physician puts the query: Have you
lievfr noticed in any large restaurant at
lunch or dinner time the large number of
hearty, vigorous old men at the tables;
men whose run from CO to SO years;
tr.auy of them bald and all perhaps gray,
but none of them feoble or senile?
Perhaps the spectacle Is so common as
to have escaped your observation or com-
ment, but nevertheless It is an object les-
son which means something.
If you will notice whiit these hearty old
fellows are eating you will observe that
they are not munching bran crackers nor
gingerly picking their way through a
menu card of new fangled health foods;
on the contrary they seem to prefer a
juicy roast of beef, a properly turned loin
of mutton, and even the deadly broiled
lobster is not altogether Ignored.
The point of all this Is that a vigorous
old age depends upon good digestion and
plenty of wholesome food and not upon
dieting anA an endeavor to liv© upon
bran crackers.
There is a certain class of food cranks
•who seem to believe that meat, coffee and
many other good things are rank poisons,
but these cadaverous, sickly looking in-
dividuals are a walking condemnation of
their own theories.
The matter in a nutshell is that If the
stomach secretes the natural digestive
Juices in sufficient quantity any whole-
some food will be promptly digested; if
the stomach does not do s;o. and certain
foods cause distress one or two of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets after each meal will
remove all difficulty, because they supply
just what every weak atomach lacks,
pepsin, hydrochloric acid, diastase an"d
MX.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets do not act
upon the bowels, and In fact are not
strictly a medicine, as they act almost en-
tirely upon the food eaten, digesting It
thoroughly and thus gives v much needed
rest and giving an appetite for the next
meal.
Of people who travel nine out of ten
use Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, knowing
them to be perfectly safe to use at any
time, and also having found out by ex-
perience that they are a safeguard
against indigestion in any form, and eat-
ing as they have to, at all hours and ail
kinds of food, the traveling public for
years have pinned their faith to Stuart's
Tablets.
All druggists sell them at 50 cents for
full sized packages and any druggist from
Maine to California, if his opinion were
asked, ¦will say that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets Is the most popular and success-
ful remedy for any stomach trouble.
A little booklet on stomach diseases
mailed free by addressing 1 F. A. Stuart
Co.. Marshall. Hich.
"We are again out of pyrography outfits,
but will have another shipment in by
Wednesday next. Wo still have plenty of
skins, leather and wooden articles for
burning and new panels to paint on In
our Artists' Material Department. San-
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Disgusted "Drunks."
There was a disgusted lot of "drunk?"
in the City Prison yesterday. Under the
<>M rc'Krirr.e a Police Judge used to visit
the prison every Sunday morning and tlife
• harge them, but under the charter there
is no provision made for Sunday, and th»>v
have to be detained in prison and appear
in court Monday morning. Three or four
of them were released on t5 cash bail.
Whatever tlie cause, there were less than
tialf the usual number arrested Saturday
night and Sunday morning. They only
totaled twenty-seven, which is lower
than on any other previous occasion. It
is believed that the real cause is t*iat
FAULTLESS ATTIRE
Is a luxury. That Is, not
for the rich alone.
Anybody and everybody
may dress In the height of
fashion, even though the
wherewithal is not at
hand.
We place before you ths
means of doing so by our
"NO-EXTRA-CHARGE »•
credit system.
CHICAGO TAILORING CO.,
1816 Market St.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
EggS— fresh— ranch 30C
Sardines-i«?a js ", 20c
regularly 25c tin
Not boneless but as eood fish
and see the price for half tins
Cforet-Zinfandel 35C
regularly 50c gallon
Some prefer young wine to old
'Tis said it's good for rheumatism
Castile Soap— reg'ly 35c bar 25C
French— white— lots of lather
Orange marmalade-^«??cr 20c
regularly 25c jar
The name and the prica Is enough
Tomato catsup 3 bottles 50c
reg'ly 20c— red label GB& Co
Jams and jellies 15c
reg'ly 20c — 2 lb tin — San Jose'
pure fruit and sugar _J
Pineapple— reg'ly 35c tin 2OC
Whole 3 lb tin— sliced 2 lb tin
a wholesome change
AsparagUS-cyllnder tin 1 OC
reg'ly njc tin— enough for two
nice for salad — good for soup
Prunes— reg'ly 7JC lb 5c
A laxative food
Olives— reg'ly 30c quart 25C
Manzanilla queen
Dentifrice— Pina«d'« 2 bottles 65c
regularly 40c bottle
complete stock of perfumes— toilet
waters and fancy soaps
Bri 1 1 ianti ne-Violet's (vee-0-lay)2OC
reg'iy 25c bottle— for the hair
Cold cream— reg'iy 50c pot 40c
Violet's (vee-o-lay) strawberry odor
to keep the skin soft and fresh
Pails— fiber 30C
reg'ly 40c— Indurated
Don't crack— light— durable
Tooth brushes— reg'iy 25c 20c
Loonen — Paris mada
Combs— reg'ly 35c 25C
We'll give a new one If It breaks
Mince meat— Atmore r OC
reglly 60c 5 lb pail here
good as home-made and much
cheaper— less bother
Cigars
You get better tobacco better mada
better value in bit cigars here than
anywhere in town— good bit cigars
our hobby 6
fJ^Cl'.v'hiS! 1 "" c, B°°8 °° C «" f0 ">l* San Franc!*.
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth OakUnJ
SUNDAY AT THE PARK.
The 3>ay Passed Without Accident or
Special Incident.
The threatening weather kept most of
the people indoor? yesterday, and in con
sequence the park and beach were prac
tically deserted. Those who visited the
beach, however, were repaid for theif
trouble. All day long the breakers rolled
to unusual heights and told the story of
a storm raging far out below the horizon.
No accidents occurred at the park worthy
of mention and not a driver manifested
a desire to ride across to the Farallor.es.
A big crowd gathered at the Chutes and
enjoyed the day in the various sheltered
places of amusement. Emil Markeburg
made a successful balloon ascension.
When the big gas bag was re-leased it
rapidly soared toward the heavens, and
when "about 8000 feet high it was caught
in a breeze and started to drift south. A
thousand feet higher and a returning cur
rent carried the balloon back over the
grounds and Markeberg cut loose his par
achute. The descent was made without
accident in the midst of a crowd of 5000
people.
The results of the contests at. Sutro
Baths follow:
100-yard dash fjuvenlle)— H. Freeman first, D.
Charles second.
100-yard race (amateur) — D. Herman first, C.
Carlton second.
Tub race— J. O'Brien flrst. C. Lunberg second,
H. Freeman third.
H!gh diving for boys— J. O'Brien first prize,
E. BpII second prize.
Trick and fancy spring-board diving— J. ODea
flirt. J. CHrien second.
Under-wat^r swimming — J. Jackson first, E.
London second.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try !t. All <irugglats.
GRAIN SHEDS ON
SEAWALL HAD A
NARROW ESCAPE
Electric Wire Fires
Section One.
The grain sheds on the seawall narrow
ly escaped destruction by tire early yes
terday morning. Had there been a breeze
at the time the immense Ftructure could
not have been saved, thousands of tons
of grain would have been ruined, all the
valuable cargo discharged from the big
tramp steamer Algoa would have gone up
in the flames and the safety of the ship
herself would have been endangered. As
it is the roof of the building is destroyed
for over 300 feet, over 1000 sacks of grain
are ruined and the wharfinger's office is
gutted.
The building was set on fire by an elec
tric light wire. The sheds are lighted by
means of arc lights and the wire enters
the west end of the shed on section 1, near
the wharfinger's office. About midnight
Watchnran Sullivan discovered a small
fire which had been caused by the elec
tric light wire and put it out. He kept
watch on the spot during his rounds, but
at 5:45 a. m., while he was at the easterly
end of the shed, the flames broke out
again.
When Sullivan discovered the second
fire the names were running along the
shingles almost as fast as a man could
walk. He at'once turned in an alarm to
the State fire tugs, and in a very short
time the Governor Markham was on the
scene and was pouring four streams on
the blaze. The tire brigade was also
quickly in action, and when Assistant
Chief Shaughnessy saw the nature of the
fire he at once turned iti a second alarm.
Even with the reinforcement the firemen
had all they could do to conquer the blaze.
Whenever they would tear off the roof to
get at the fire a blinding cloud of smoke
would drive thenTback. Under the sheds
it was impossible to move about, as the
dense black smoke made it as dark as
midnight. After two hours' hard work,
however, the fire was drowned out and the
danger averted.
Chief AVharfinger Percy Henderson and
Colonel Tom Burgoyne were early on the
scene. They drove in under the sheds to
ascertain the progress that was being
made in subduing the fire and got lost in
the- smoke. When the horse finally found
its way out through the gateway on sec
tion 1 both men were nearly dead from
suffocation. Captain Phil Brown, super
intendent of the State tugs and dredgers,
was also early on the scene and did valu
able service In directing the operations
of the fireboats Markham and Irwin.
It was very fortunate that there was
so little grain on section 1. At the be
ginning of last week the place was piled
high with wheat and barley. Chief Wharf
inger Henderson ordered it all removed,
however, and there were only a few thou
sand sacks left when the fire broke out.
Nearly all the damaged grain belongs to
George "W. McNear, Splivalo & Co. and
Epplnger & Co.
At section 2 of the seawall the big
tramp steamer Algoa is moored. A lot of
her cargo now under the sheds la com
posed or Chinese nut oil, gunnies and
pitch. Had the flames Ignited that, noth
ing could have saved the immense struc
ture.
Broadway -wharf 2 also had a narrow
escape during Sunday morning:. An elec
tric light wire set the building on fire,
but after about fifteen minutes' work the
watchman and one of the crew of the
steamer Pomona succeeded In putting the
blaze out. The Harbor Commissioners
will to-day Inspect the electric light sys
tem on the front.
500 pieces Checked Glass Linen, 20 Inches wide,
red and blue checks, assorted— price.. lQc Yard
250 pieces Plain and Twilled Toweling, 18 inches
wide, all pure linen i2ic Yard
signal was out of order, or they would
not have allowed her to cross the danger
ous place alone.
Miss B. Stevens of 1915 Harrison street
and Louis Lazzaretto were eyewitnesses
of the tragedy and their statements agree
with the facts given above. Lazzaretto
Is responsible for the assertion that the
signal bell has been silent for two weeks.
It was not in working order yesterday.
Engineer Watson was arrested and
taken to the Seventeenth street police
station, where he was booked on a charge
of manslaußhter. District Attorney By
ington fixed his ball at $100, which was
furnished by the railroad company. The
remains of the Southern Pacific's victim
were removed to the Morgue, where an
inquest will be held next Thursday. De
ceased was a native of Ireland, 32 years
of age.
TOWELS.
Bleached Huck Towels, full
size and all pure linen,
Irish manufacture
$2 Dozen
Bleached Huck Towels, col-
ored borders and hemmed,
size 22x43 inches
$2.50 Dozen
Bleached Huck Towels, hem-
med, hemstitched and
fringed, extra size
$3 Dozen
Bleached German Damask
Towels, both colored bor-
ders and plain white, size
21x45 inches $3 Dozen
Full Bleached German Huck
Towels, all pure white and
hemstitched. . . .s3.so Dozen
Hemmed Huck Towels, ex-
tra large size and vero
heayu aualltu $4 Dozen
NAPKINS.
Bleached Damask Napkins
(Irish manufacture), full
23 Inches- sauare. .$2 Dozen
Bleached Damask Napkins
(full double Damask), 24
Inches sauare.. $2.50 Dozen
Bleached Damask Napkins
(douhle satin Damask),
full 25 Inches sauare.. . .
4 $3 Dozen
Bleached Damask Napkins
(26 Inches sauare), both
Irish and German man-
ufacture, extra heayu
aualltu $3.50 Dozen
Bleached Damask Napkins,
extra fine aualltu and
veru handsome designs,
size 5x2 $4.50 Dozen
Bleached Damask Napkins,
extra size and satin Da-
mask, all new designs. . .
$6 Dozen
MISS ROSE LAWLER THE VICTIM
OF THE RAILROAD'S PARSIMONY
ONE DAY'S TRAGIC DEATHS AND DISASTERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1900.
DEATH IN THE
HOLD OF TIE
TRAMP ALGOA
Stevedore Is Instantly
Killed.
STRUCK BY A FALLING SLING
TWO OTHERS HURT, PROBABLY
FATALLY.
«
Heavy Bale of Grain Bags Slips From
Its Heist and Crashes to the
Bottom of the Big
Steamer.
A frightful accident on the steamship
Alpoa, unloading at the seawall, last
evening ended a day of more than usual
disaster. A sling full of goods being
hoisted from the capacious hold of the
ocean monster became loose and nearly
half a ton of freight plunged down
among the isea handling her cargo.
A force of m»>n in the employ of Cap
tain Henry ]ii::cham has been employed
unloading a portion of the immense car
go of the big steamer at the seawall, and
work has l>een kept up day and night.
Shortly after 9 o'clock last night, while
a files load or jute bags was being hoist
ed from the hold, the sling in some man
ner became loose and the hea% - y load of
bags, weighing over 700 pounds, slipped
a.!id went tumbling down the hold of the
vessel.
In its descent the big bale struck three
of the longshoremen who were working
'tween decks, throwing them in a heap.
As soon as possible the comrades of the
unfortunate men hurried to their assist
ance. One of the poor fellows, who was
known only as Johnson and who is sup
posed to have lived on Kearny street,
near' Broadway, was beyond human aid.
as tie heavy load struck him on the head,
evidently crushing his skull and killing
him Instantly. __
Michael Mahoney. who resides at .^2
Harrison street, was found In a helpless
condition close to the dead man. He
could give no idea of how the accident
baspeaed except to say that when the
bale struck hi:n It knocked him down
with such force that he was unable to
jnove.
From his shoulders down his left side
appears to be paralyzed, and it is feared
that he may be injured internally.
The poor fellow, though suffering excru
• ng ; uin. lay In his cot in the hospital
;¦.:.•; never cmco uttered a muan. His sis
:. rs were notified and they came to the
hospital at once and were assured by their
l-r>.il.* r that he was resting easily, and he
! a.!<- ti'oni to go home, though it could
be -¦¦•!. :!;at nis agony was terrible.
On the cut next to Alahoney was the un
consdous form <<f the third victim, whose
heavy meanings speak poorly of hl»
chance* of recovery. When picked up the
amn was unconscious, and all efforts on
the j>:;rt of the hospital doctors have
Jailed to restore him. The doctors believe
that thf man has sustained Internal in
juries ami nave but little hope for his
: very.
!:i the rape of Mahoney the opinion of
l! .- doctors is that the paralysis manlfest
i .: itself is but temporary and will wear
: ••'. n;. In a few days. The body of the un
fnrUmate- whn was killed was taken to the
Morgue, where it awaits identification.
Tin- men 0:1 the steamer and those em
ployed on the docks refused to discuss the
Occident, and Captain Bingham. when
:^i. ...j f,., ih e names of his men. said h*»
< •¦ u!«l not Identify them until to-morrow,
c? (ho mo;i are known by numbers and
;. t :,y name except to their Intimates.
| The wheel of progress |
jj has turned out another 1
| great improvement in the i
I line of food products. I
| It is a highly concentra- I
| ted soluble cocoa — superior 1
| in strength and flavor to i
\ the Dutch and other Euro- |
jjj pean products — yet sold 1
jj at about \ the price: li
j 50 cups — 30 cts; and I
I "every cup a meal." I
ii D. GHIRARDELLICO. 1
Sore Spot
Eye=Glasses
Can b« bought aaywher*. but our clip*, which
fit the nose without a Blip or pinch, *»»n only t*»
had of us.
Oculists' prescription* filled. Quick repair*
Ingr. Factory on premises. Phone, Mala 13.
o4z Market ot. instrument*
IN
10