We refused them a landing and shipped
them back.' The woman was "> years of
ago. had gray hair hanging uncombed
about her shoulders and looked as if sh«
m:?ht have a dozen bombs concealed
about her person. Her baggage was han
dled very gingerly by the Custom-house
officials and we got her out of the coun
try as soon as possible."
The first-class passengers were each
given a little check with which to claim
their baggage on shore, ar.d then allowed
to go t> their staterooms and get their
hand luggage, preparatory to leaving the
fh?p. For the cabin passengers' are al
lowed to land without going through the
disagreeable performance of, fumigation
r~pf T<P. <"¦•'<-, t l th« crurt^sy cf C. M. Bt.
J^hn. Deputy Sancyr cf the Port,
Commi!- r :or:cr of In-. migration
I lan H. North I was given the
Jj, yr'.vilrge cf :icoompanyir.g the In
i on their cflicial visit to the
Or • He.
pomethlrg wrong out
>c of, the officials; "the doc
'¦ ¦ : "s be it has been out a long time, and
¦ 1 at Hongkong. Might
Asiatic plague.'"
. uner was lying still
ii a level with the
Wonx little white
boat of tl ¦ ¦¦ rnment doctors and medi
cal • :¦
• ff of Fteam. then a lor.j
toot and short one^-the signal.
' Fad one of the officers;
•<L She's O K. this time.
J np on board
W ¦'¦ around ar.4 came Into the
¦ ¦ctor's boat had been.
'.• : down the r<~p«» ladder from
i cf the <ju» lie and made It secure.
a the train of those who had
nl^red up and was as
sisted over the rallies — a frightful climb it
war. too!
"We w :.! nfter the cabin passen
gers firs tai.i the official. "Come this
way, :lm • .- • ..-.'. ;:i."
was give:: over by the ship's of
ficer a:: i the, examination b^gan, the Cus
tom-th T.c< rs and the immigration
official? Questioning in turn. Where did
they ccme from; where were they going;
ago; ru.rr;e; character of baggage; dutiable
foods?
•¦\\v never bslher the cabin passengers
much." .--;. ;<1 the f< r.tleman. "and w use
our discretion in matters of this kind. It
stands to r< :¦ sn that those who take first
class passage are not aj->t to be objection
able as a public charge, and that they
•»::: not Offer competition with American
labor. It !a in the steerage that we have
to b<> most watchful. They are more sus
ceptible to disease and more apt to be
b^rc tn vlolatii n of the immigration laws,
coming in as contract laborers."
"Cabin parser ccrs soruetimes go wrong."
•aid af*-Jr:T 1 ' • ; r. • r. "Remember that nihi
list that came la on the Valencia? He
mv dressed in R'jis^a:! uniform, couldn't
ei">r-U. v word of EcsriiEh and had only 53
cents when he landed. We turned h'm
over to ;t sjicclal board ot inquiry, and
fc"jd him on suspicion. The fallow was a
rffucff, or rather had been expelled frer.i
Russia, and v.c did not want him, so
¦nipped h::r. back.
"There v.as also a woman anarchist, or
something similar." continued he. "She
csrr.<-- down with her two sons from Victo
ria. They had been pent out of Franco
ard were trjlsx to find some place to land.
for Inspection. They were pretty smocth
and declared that they had nothing to do
with each other, and that they were not
coming in under any contract, express or
Implied; they gave different places of des
tination, and we were about to let them
off when it was noticed that each fellow
had ti pin in his Jacket to which was at
tached a piece of green thread. It devel
oped that the thread was attached to a
card hidden In the lining of the garment,
and bore the name of a Chinese emigra
tion society, with a name and a number.
They had been shipped in under contract
by that company. The fellow that we>
first searched got Into trouble. The rest
of them drew lots to determine which
would kill him. We found him huddled
in the chain locker that night, scared to
death. He begged to be protected and
sent to shore out of the way of his angry
countrymen, who counted his misfortune
a crime. We let the fellow go and shipped
thf otfcT forty-nine back."
The Japs were being hustled out. There
were no women among them. It is s<!d
that the Japanese women are subjected
to closer examination, for the reason that
Chinese women attempt to land In Japa
nese disguise. It is much easier for the
Japanese than the Chinamen to effect a
landing, and it is even hinted that the
Chinese are beginning to cut their queue*
and come in as Jap>.
Then came the Koreans, with their
strange costumes, not a word of English.
Japanese, Russian. Spanish or any other
Intelligible language except their own,
but with plenty of money.
"Ginseng" was all they could say. "G!n
seng" Is a root which Is supposed to ba
imbued with great medical power, to be
made Into tea for fevers. Among them
they had some thousands of dollars, rind
they had come with the express purpose
of founding a Korean drugstore with "gin
seng" as the principal stock In trada.
They were allowed to land.- During tha
period- of time. and .experience- necessary
f.or^the" acquiring cff'thVVEJngn'sh" lingua;;*
they will probably have many troubles of
their own. not of the nature tr> be re
lieved by the wonderful virtues of the root
"glnserur.*
"We hid a consumptive sent down her«
from British Columbia a few weeks ago."
an official said. "His passage was paid by
a priest there to get him out of the way.
We sent him back, declined with thanks.
The poor fellow died a few weeks later.
"A lady from the Emerald lale came
floating in on the Umatilla. Bridget Bren
nan was her name, and Bridget was In
sane. She had been sent here from Syd
ney, Australia. She had or.cc been con-
at Angel Island, to which the steerage
passengers and all trunks, large baggage
and bundles are necessarily subjected.
"May 1 take m- p-rips?" queried a lit
tle laciy with a German accent. "I can
take these with me, can't I. without ex
amination?"
"They will be examined as they pass tho
gangplank, madam." replied the official.
The lady did not look as if she had
opium in her grips; she may not have had
silks or laces either, but the frightened ex
pression on her face indicated that what
ever It was it would not be there when
she crossed the gangplank.
Out in the steerage portion of the ship
things looked rather deserted, and the lit
tle canvas bunks for the Chinese immi
grants were all empty.
"Gone to Angel Island," explained some
one, "to be fumigated and to await ex
amination and inspection. They go over
until to-morrow— twenty-nine Japs, forty
two Chinese, nine Koreans and the stow
away."
The stowaway had boarded the ship at
Japan and was to be held in quarantine
for trachoma, a contagious disease of
the eyelid.
"Hi, there!" called an authoritative
voice. "The boat Is going back. Every
thing finished for to-day? Come aboard."
There was a small progressive newsboy,
who had managed to get on board some
way. He sold all his papers, but was
frightened almost out of his wits when
threatened with fumigation.
"You'll have to go with the Japs over
to Angel Island to be fumigated," they
told him.
"Lord, sirs, yer don't meant It, sure?
Tou'uns won't do It, will yer, honest?"
The- voice was trembling and full of plead
ing, so on promising not to let It occur
again the little fellow was spared tho sul
phur bath,
The next afternoon the Gaelic steamed
to the wharf at the Pacific Mail dock. She
had been thoroughly disinfected and fumi
gated, and had come for. a two weeks'
rest. The Chinese cabin passengers wera
aboard. The disposition of all Chlnesa
Immigrants 13 left entirely to the special
Chinese Bureau. A few officials from
that department were on hand for tha
especial accommodation of the aristo
cratic Celestials of the cabin. A Chinese
merchant of fabulous wealth, with his
wife, babies and servants, were the first
In line.
"Velly glad." said the little lady; "velly
glad see land; likee see." They were re
turned residents, and the father was busy
showing up his certificates with the pho
tographs out In the smoking room. When,
everything was adjusted the Celestial
family trotted down the gangplank and
away into the city. The two or three re
maining Chinese cabin passengers were
attended to with like dispatch and allowed,
to go. but for the plain, everyday plebeian
there was more trouble. Shut up In the
cells of the Broadway Jail they chatter
their native gibberish and await the time
when the Chinese Bureau officials shall
come to decide their fate; perhaps to ba
trotted out Into the difficulties and the
opportunities of the white man's country;
perhaps to te bundled back again Into
their own crowded-to-overflowing domain,
The Japanese find It easier.
"Here comes the Caroline with the Japs
and the Koreans." said the Spanish Inter
preter to the Japanese Examiner. "Get
ready for work, Geffeney."
The Caroline, which had brought th«
steerage passengers from the fumigating:
station at Angel Island, drew up to th«
dock and the sailors made fast the blgr
ropes to the posts; then Immigrants of as
sorted sizes, types and nationalities
Continued on Pass JJlsa.
ponre<J over the fides and were lined up
on the wharf and counted.
"One short." said Mr. Geffeney.
"One fellow left over there sick," was
the explanation.
"All right. '• Come along, you fellows.
Right about, face! Up the gangplank
there and Into the smoking room of the
Gaelic. Hul! hui!"
The little brown men and the unique
Koreans In pajamas and boblnet hats filed
Into an awkward line and trotted on
board, followed by the uniformed and
awe-lnsplring Inspectors.
They were brought up one at a time,
dropping Oriental courtesies and scared to
death.
"Menjah!" demanded the Japanese ques
tioner.
Each handed out his passport tn turn
or was sent to search for it among his
baggage. Their "menjahs" were evident
ly guarded with great care, each being
wrapped In a dozen folds of silk.
The first ones were the better class,
medical students with plenty of money.
In no wise apt to become public charges;
one, more progressive than the rest, wore
golf stockings and short trousers, an ab
breviated coat, a cigar and an eyeglass.
He was a botanist, out for his health.
"These are the fellows we have to
watch," remarked Mr. Geffer.ey, as the
farmer class began to pour in. "They are
the laborers, and if we find them coming
In under contract to work for any one
they have to go back."
They were shuffled off deftly. The rapid
conversations in Japanese quickly deter
mined whence they came, whither they
were bound, means of support, if any. the
amount of ready money, whether the im
migrant were sound of mind and of body,
and if he were an escaped convict, a ref
ugee, a polygamlst or an outcast fronian
other nation.
"There was a follow of this sort came
In on tho Peru, recently," said'- the
cial. " I was just about to let ¦.him' o!t
when I noticed that he had crammed
something in hla mouth. 1 demanded an
exptnr-rtlou, biu •> • fe'.lr>w was ugly a.»d
wj tia.i to »xercise on- pusliSr le abllitt"s.
I gavt him a neat upptr cut i -id dislodged
the article. It Aas a contra-* done in
elaborate Japanese hieroglyphics. The
fellow had come over under contract to
work for a corporation. Of course we
shipped him back. The steamship which
brings debarred immigrants over is re
sponsible for them and must stand the
expense of their return."
"We had a time with some other Jap^.
too," eaid some one else. "There wore
fifty came down on the Victoria steamer
Walla Walla. We bad them all lined up
SUNDAY CALL
HOW UNCLE SAM WATCHES
THE IMMIGRANT AND CATCHES
THE SMUGGLERIHAVE been seven years behind the
counter, and have a strong chance
of seven more or so to come. Being
a saleslady, or le*s elegantly speak
ing, a "counter hopper." means many
things — some odd. some funny and
dome only disagreeable — but seven years
cf it strikes me as bring nothing so much
as tiresome and monotonous.
The girls who have homes and home
purroundings are fortunate, for there are
a great many of us who are not fo lucky.
Just how we get along on our earnings is
a my.stery to the unitiated and a marvel
to even ourselves. The time left from
work and sleep is spent in cooking on an
oilstove balanced on the edge of a wash-
Ftand in some meanly furnished room,
the rent of which is an ever-threatening
calamity.
Home of the girls go in together, and
by combining incomes and ingenuity man
age the semblance of a home, with a tiny
parlor for the reception of friends, a
kitchen handy and convenient, inasmuch
as one can sit in the middle of It and
reach anything within its walls, and a
dark little sleeping room, brightened up
by such trinkets as the ffminine nature
manages to gather about itself under the
circumstances.
At work everything depends on the floor
manager. If he is good natured every
thing goes along pretty well; we can do
about as we please so long as we look
out not to break any of the rules of the
house. If we have a cranky floor man
ager, we are In eternal fear of his dis
pleasure.
The "red tape" of the store manage
ment keeps us in a continual state of
¦worry, ror there are so many rules and
regulating to follow and they are
changed no often that unless we are al
ways keeping our eyes open and on the
lookout we are certain to transgress in
pome way. In some places the nuisance is
almost done away with, and one can do
almost as one pleases, and actually has
an opportunity to exercise one's own
judgment: but there are stores in San
Francisco that make the lives of clerks
a continual round of distress, worry and
terror. For three years I worked in one
rtt the prominent business houses on Mar-<
ket street, and those three years of my
life I remember as a nightmare. 1 have
a little book of their rules and regula
tions, which was given me when I went
there, and which they failed to have re
turned when I left. Here is a list of some
of the misdemeanors and fines:
MISDEMEANORS.
Assembling in groups of two or more for
conversation.
fipoaking with salesman or saleswoman,
except on unavoidable business.
Reading newspapers or books or writ
ing letters.
Eating while at -counters or depart
ment c.
Leafing or spending unnecessary time
In the basement or away from the depart
ment.
Cleaning or scraping finger nails' while
at counter.
Other department or allowing it to remain
In" yours when it does not belong there, 25
cents. _
Any employe pending in even change
and counterfeit coin found in same will
be held responsible "for it.
Air lunch baskets and'packages of any
description must be left at the wrapper's
desk upon entering the store. All lunch
baskets, dinner pails, etc., must be re
turned, when through using at noon, to
the wrapping desk. The same will be
handed to the employes on leaving for the
night, at the door.
Employes will be held responsible for
all errors and breakage.
No employe will be paid when absent
irom duty from any cause whatever.
Employes will personally report to the
floor manager when leaving their post
of duty for any purpose except to transfer
a customer, always stating where you
intend going, and report to him upon
your return.
On leaving or entering the department
to or from meals or the store for any pur
pose whatever, employes must call their
time to the timekeeper and await until
the timekeeper repeats the number back.
When any article in our line cannot bo
found in our stock when called for, mako
a memorandum In the swapbook, which
is kept in every department for that and
similar purposes.
These are a few of the numberless
things we must do and not do, and they
Driving nails or tacks about the coun
ters, walls or woodwork.
Lighting matches in any part of the
store. Chewing tobacco Is strictly forbid
den during business noun*.
Loud noisy talk, fooling or quarreling
of any kind. ...
Washing or making toilet in the base
ment or lunch room In the morning. It
is expocte^ that every lady or gentleman
will have that done before getting here.
A deliberate, careless or willful violation
of any of the above rules will render the
saUs person liable to an immediate dis
charge.
ALL SALESLADIES MUST DRESS IN
BLACK— THIS RULE IS IMPERATIVE.
FINES.
For being five minutes late or less, 5
cents. •
For being late over five minutes, 10
cents.
For error In measurement, 10 cents.
For error in address, 10 cents.
For failure to report to floor manager
when leaving or returning to the room for
lunch or any purpose. 5 cents.
For failure to send memoranda to cash
ier when goods are taken from the re
ceiving room before being . checked, 23
cents.
For error In adding up list, 10 cents.
For making illegible 'figures, 10 cents.
All employes will be held responsible for
all errors, except when they amount to
less than 10 cents, when they will be fined
10 cents.
For taking feather duster from any
are followed by Fuggestlons as to be
havior toward customers, toward each
other and our superiors. There is no
possibility left for the exercise of personal
judgment— everything is cut and dried,
and in such a complicated manner as to
keep one in continual confusion and per
plexity.
For our work we are allowed irom $2
to flO per week; recently women have
been promoted to the high office of floor
walker, and she who is fortunate enough
to obtain that position receives a salary
that takes our breaths away with Its
enormity— sometimes Jl5 per week.
We noon know the type to which a cus
tomer belongs when we see one coming.
If a woman comes In, we look fr,r
trouble — if two women come In we look
for twice as much, and If three are to
gether, it is a time to despair. It Is im
possible to please all three, and the one
who is doing the buying has very little
or nothing to say about the purchase.
The other two suggest all kinds of objec
tions, and recall visions of superior or
more desirable goods they have seen rlso
whero In their afternoon round, and the
result Is usually an Item of half an hour
or po.ln the "swappook." a small blnn!c
pamphlet in which we are required to
make note of the time lost on cu?tonvrs
who do not buy. We are expected to m?ke
a sale if it be possible, and it is according
to the number of sales we make that our
standing is considered. If we are unfor
tunate onoi.gh to have a number of
"swaps," there Is a big item of lost time
against our names and our position 13 en
dangered.
If a man £>nd a woman come \r. together
there is not going to be very much trouble
—for the man will be impatient and tne
woman a little bit ashamed of making so
much trouble.
Tf a man comes In alone— it Is a "snap"
lie is easy. When a man goes to buy
anything nc wants to get it over with,
and he proceeds to buy. He invariably
knows what he Is after and exactly wh.it
he wants to pay for it. The men are "all
right"— that is the verdict of all the sales
girls.
A woman often goes shopping without
knowing what she is after, the price, the
color, quality or anything else. The bar
gain counter Is where she becomes entire
ly insane. A woman will buy anything
for 53 rents that she would scorn to con
sider for a dollar— ar.rl It doesn't matter
whether she has the least use for it In th>?
•world. A man, if he falls into the hands
of an unscrupulous clerk, is apt to get
the worst of it a little. He is so easily
pleased. that >t is a good chance to get
rid of "hard" or unsalable stock. Most
of us Fccrn to take such an advantage be
cause we are grateful for the considera
tion a man shows us. However, it is
amusing to see the way a man will go
about buying things for the feminine
members of his family. He will often go
away with an ash tray thinking he has
a. hairpin receiver, and he doesn't know
anything about shade or color usually.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
He can match a sample with m^re dis
patch and less exactr.'Js than any one.
el?e under the sun could mar.ag".
Sometimes aftrr a woman had taken
up an hour or so of our time she will rise
with the remark that "she will bring her
husband in" to sre th** ginds. In fact,
that remark is «r> frequent that when one
of thi3 type takes her departure a neigh
boring clerk will question. "Gone to bring
her husband in?" They will frequently
say that they have not any money with
them, that they have to go get their
watch from the jeweler's or will Simply
remark, when everything in stock is be
fore them on th° counter, that they were
downtown with nothing to do. and they
"were just amusing themselves.**
These are the kind of people w« call
"swaps." T don't know where the term
tlrst came from, but there is not a girl
behind a counter in S.'-n Francisco that
doesn't know the meaning of the word.
This gave ri.-o to the odious "swapbook"
that some of the stores use, and which I
have already mentioned.
If a < ustomer begins t<"> speak highly of
anything you can rent assured that she*
does not mean to buy. When anything
is ""perfectly lovely" or "just Xnn sweet"
we know that the lady is a "swap" and
that she is going to go away without th»
goods.
We have lot* cf trouble with "ex
change?." too. People seem to. get thft
idea that because the article 13 an ex
change we are going to try to play off an
inferior quality of goods on them; when
they wish goods exchanged for a different
shade we have the greatest time per-
Mi.ii'.ii.K th^m that the goods are of tha
same quality, that they come from tho
tame loom; and they probably go away
with the idea that they have been grossly
wronged.
The force of habit is strong with the
shop girl. She is only a machine, any
way. So much of her time is spent In
catering to the public that she hasn't tlmo
to think of anything else, hardly.
Four of >is were eating a hasty lunch at
a restaurant one day when some one
wanted something. The waiter was some
where else just then, and one of the girls
startled herself as well as the rest of us
with an inv;.ur.tary demand n the ortho
dox high-pitched key for "Cash boy —
("ash:" The people around us smiled
sympathetically, while the confused sile*
lady hastily occupied herself with coffea
and sandwiches.
Sometimes a lady leaves her pocketbook"
behind, ar.tl when she comes back »or It
she wears a look of accusation en her
face, and when it is returned to her from
the "Found" counter, she takes it witn an
air that plainly .says. "You were afraid ».o
keep iJ. I told you so."
There is ore type of man that cannot be
called a 'snap." It is the dandy. He '.3
equal to two women, and sometimes three.
It will take him an hour or so to plclc out
a necktie, and when he has bought t the
counter ;s covered with the entire- ¦*;¦,.*
of the store. . .
The good-natured old gentleman, alter
the pattern of the successful Kloniikt r.
usually comes in in tow of two or thre^
feminine members of the family, and there
is a great hurly-burly, but Tire usually
make large sales and we like to see them,
for every one in the party is generally
good-natured.
The salesgirl work? from S until «5: t!*«it
means she most be at her post at Ti.TO and
have uncovered and dusted her goods by
8. and she puts away and recovers the
goods after 5. In the holiday season, she
works three or four hours in the evening,
and half her Christmas and 'Thanksgiv
ing, and perhaps the whole of her Krw
Year, are n-er.t in the way of ether Jayj.
She must look sharp to her fines. Tor
she canmt afford to lessen ncr salary: If
she is ill she Is made no allowance for
years of faithfulness to her firm, and
therefore »h* can seldom afford the luxury
of being sick. Vacations are hera In
theory only; she cannot even anticipate.
Sometimes skc consoles herse'f with tha
mythical Independence sHe fon.::y bebsr^a
is her oxra and if she doesn't make her
comparisons from the wrong view point
she can find comfort; her life is by no
means a primrose path, and the thorns
and thistle? bristle out plentifully, b-.it If
she makes the best of it she thinks an« is
a great deal better off than some folks—
factory girl*, anyway, and I guess 3ne Is
right. But I have found seven years of it
very irksome, and am not lookln? fir •
ward to the next seven with much d»
light, though I am trusting 1 for my bread
and butter— and sometimes maybe Jam.
HARRIET P. MARSHALL.
Saleslady.
2
LIFE OF THE SHOP GIRLwas not large enough for turning around.
But the occupant who studies, sleeps,
cooks and eats here seems very contented.
She Is an unusually line scholar, pos
sessed of cultured tastes as the classic
photographs on the wall bore witness.
There are a number of these attic rooms
on the campus and some of their owners
I was told get through on nine or ten dol
lars a month.
From here we went to the girl editor's
quarters. I obeyed the direction over the
front door bell, and " two long rings and
a short" brought my hostess. We paused
to peek Into the room next hers. Its
a really Jovial family circle. But • the
altruistic spirit of the place showed itself
most strikingly in the friendly, yea sis
terly, interest taken by all in each caller,
which might be annoying were it not so
obviously well-meaning. It takes the
nonchalance tliat comes of much social
experience to brave the Roble threshold.
Through the attic window we were gaz
ing at the moonlit hills when three ex
cited girls rushed in to announce that two
football heroes were below. Inquiring for
the freshie. The little maid, blissful in
her ignorance of Roble methods, descend
ed calmly — not so calm those left behind.
From room to room and floor to floor
they rushed to spread the tidings of the
coming of these knights of the gridiron
two of them, and to see a freshie. too!
Valor got the better part of discretion.
The girl on whose door was pinned the
forbidding sign, "Digging." and the one
too lazy to finger her mandolin, Jofhed
the rest on the upper landing. There was
a craning over the banisters for a glimpse
of the idols, who unconscious of this flat
tering attention were behaving like any
unspoiled young men. But their wretched
hostess opposite with eyes wandering be
yond them to the everchanglng host on
the stair endured her first and greatest
Roble agony. At length, the siege aband-
to peeK into tne room next ners. us
walls hung with matting and cones and
moss gave it an air of the mountains. The
earnest owner earns her board one place
and her rent another. Many and va
ried are the ways in which women dig
out their college money. The postmistress
is a Stanfordite. Coaching nets a fair
sum. Some women teach a year and then
go to college a year. Brother and 3lster
will alternate at teaching and studying
by the year to give each a chance at a
university training. There are a number
of instances of husband and wife taking
turns at country pedagogy and college
work in this way, enabling the two to get
degrees in eight years. Several girls do
housework to make their way. The sign
on the editor's door stopped me. "Yes
terday was ray busy day § To-day is
worse." But she laughed and pushed me
into the quaintest den I'd seen. A chim
ney ran through its center, so that with
screens one might divide and subdivide it
at pieasure. The freshman chum's couch
and desk were screened off, over in cne
comer. In one of the two deep recesses
with high windows poking out on the
campus was the culinary department and
close by a door led into a "love of a pan
try," under the sloping roof. Here was
the dining corner and. here the editorial
sanctuary and the "hatrack," a small
their living expenses, keeping within a
not extravagant sum. There is never any
squabbling over whose turn it is to do
what, for the housekeeping is all done
by the following posted programme:
Cook. Helper. Waah«r. Waiter.
Monday Mrs. A. Miss H. Miss D. Miss C.
Tuesday Mrs. A. Miss D. M:ss C. Miss H.
Wednesday. Mr*. A. Miss H. Miss D. Miss C.
Thursday... Mrs. A. Miss D. Miss C. Miss H.
Friday Mrs. A. Miss C. Miss D. Miss H.
And co on through the week. You can't
shirk when it's down in black and white,
you know. There's a deal of pleas
ure and hominess to be got out of this
kind of life. -It's so nice to have your
own pretty parlor and cheery dininjf-
table. In the other windowed niche the
lady of the pen ensconced herself on a
cushioned dress box and while she
strummed her guitar, told me something
of the girls' organizations. "This Is not
a very musical place. 'still we have two
flourishing clubs. The Stanford Glee
Club, though It does not sing with the
•Varsity Glee, gives numbers on the same
programme sometimes. The Ladles" Man
dolin Club quite often unites with the
Men's at concerts, which gives us a
chance to advertise "thirty people on the
stage at once,' etc. The Y. W. C. A. while
not so active as the Y. M. C. \., holds
weekly prayer meetings at Roble. and a
Joint meeting with the Y. M. on Sundays
in the chapel. They always entertain the
Incoming classes. You. see we do some
thing for each freshman girl. She has
some opportunity to make friends at the
6ev-ral teas given her by the faculty and
at the dormitories.
"The Saturday Night "Club of some fif
teen or twenty members carries out once
a week a debating (not literary) pro
gramme. There is a tendency to have
fewer purely political questions than the
Men's Club, and more of an educational
or noctologtcal order. Our organization is
on a par with the boys", and we usually
send members Into the 'tryout' for the
intercollegiate debating representatives.
On* of our number. Miss Btebblns, was
a successful Intercollegiate debater on the
U9t tt» "i. After all, oar activities here
room, "and choose your own dinner."
sighs a Roble maid. Fare up at Roble get."*
so monotonous, with no caterer to plan
new dishes.
But the Stanford maids who think they
have about found the ideal war to live at
college are tnose in the sororities, or fra
ternities, as they for some uncomprehenrl
ed reason prefer to be called. In
each "frat" some fifteen or twenty
girls live together. all the more
happily probably because bound by
secret pledges. There 13 something
fascinating to women about having
to keep a secret together. There, you cyn
ical men! Dare you say women always
tell everything? No one ever heard of a
"frat" girls betraying their sacred mys
teries. There are four society chapters at
Stanford. Kappa Alpha Theta (with the
kite symbol) and Kappa Kappa Gamma
(of the key pin> have houses at the co'
lege. while Delta Gamma (with anchor
sign) and Alpha Phi are in Palo Alto.
Though the youngest. Alpha Phi. has
come In with the most up-to-date spirit.
and quite able by her prestige in Eastern
universities to take a place beside th«*
older sisters. Each frat has its matron,
often the mother of one of the members.
Each pays her frat fee in addition to her
board, and together they keep up their
own house*, employing a couple of god
servants. They are all very pretty horn**.
Alpha Phi. with its deep veranda and
beautiful hall, beirg especially inviting.
Now. most of them are going to buili
their own houses over in what Mrs. Stan
ford has set aside as "fraternity row."
Kappa Kappa Gamma's, In Elizbethan
•tyle, la very near completion, and two
ethers will 100 a follow. Each fraternity
•ratter!" It reminded me of that beauti
ful p'cture. "The Barnyard Alarmed.". In
the "/rym" a number were practicing for
the handball tournament. The basket-ball
team wa« just leaving, and I Joined a
player. -Our athletics as a whole are
controlled by the Woman's Athletic As
sociation, with officers and a board with
a faculty member." ehe explained. "A
year's dues entitles you to the use of the
backet-bail ar.d tennis paraphernalia. Be
•ides playing these games, come girls are
wheel fiend*, ar.d one or two have horses.
But. altogether the interest in out-of-door
¦ports is surprisingly slight."
My e^testioa that it was time to dress
STANFORD presents an unusual cos
mopolitanism in the college life of
Its girl students. Yet through it all,
from Roble rr.a'.d to "co-op" cot
tager—from attic roomer to "frat"
a-irl— there runs the same loyalty and love
for the university. Ar.d from garret to
parlor the Stanford cardinal flaunts as an
oi:?w-a«-d nmof of this union in their alma
Roble Hall, the women's main dormi
tory, is a sunny, pleasantly arranged
building. \**.th libra ry and dining-room on
the first floor and music-rocm and large
parlors on the second, besides the many
bedrooms, homes fcr 100 of the 500 girl
•tuderts or. the q-jadrangle. In her wis
£om the loved Mrs Stanford provided that
board ar-d lodcir.g should be uniform in
price throughout the house. Authority
et Roble is vested in the matron, a Stan
ford graduate of kindly disposition, but
hartf!y to be expected to carry on her
rh'vjlders the griefs and worries of 100
maidens of as many different natures.
So the pirls without ar.y personal care
from an rider puardian become very de
pendent on a few special chums and are
thus drawn into clans and cMques, whi<*h
makes the freshie "co-ed's" life rather
hard. For these upper classmen, occupied
with their many friends, are not prone to
r've more than passing attention to the
little strar.cer within their gates, .who is
•eft to wander through the fourth floor
ball with a mere or iess c"r.g*!iia! room
rr.ate. Bit to her that's something of a
lazybones this room mate may prove a life
preserver by rescuing her a tray breikfaat
from the dirJng-room. which closes at I
o'clock. After this meal one makes her
ted and rushes off to recitations. (It's
strar.ge hew cr.e ir.variab'y rushes t»
crrirc rccltxilvz*.) JTfiare is a flve-
for dinner was met with scorn and de
rision. "No one dresses up for dinner
here." sniffed the Jovial Junior. "Wbat'a
the use of fixing for girls? And the only
men around are the student waiters, who
are quite too* Beared to note your rig.
Once, way back In my freshie days. I
brought a man here to dine. He fairly
fainted on facing those 125 fairies who
board here. "When he spied over in a cor
ner a scrubby college man whom he daily
ignored on the campus it was all I could
do to prevent his rushing into the arms
of the only other man at the table."
However., this manless dinner first re
vealed to me the real esprit de corps of
Hoble. fnder the evening light, their
day's work done, th*» girls seemed to mel
low toward one another. The hurry and
bustle of the nocn were forgotten, and
conversation was leisurely and general.
Bits of fun passed from table to table.
Some one clicked a glass and at once the
whole roomful with knives upon their
tumblers tinkled off "Rah, rah, rah!
Rah. rah, rah: Rah! Rah! Stanford:!'*
This was too much for the visitor's gold
ar.'l blue blood, and with a mischievous
cl'.nk her class rang out the Berkeley call.
For an Instant there was a rebellious mur
mur, then a merry lavzph and all Joined
her scrg. following it with the Stanford
cry again. After lingering over dessert
these disciples of Minerva gradually de
parted, and then it was that I beheld the
lonely attic freshie going out arm in arm
¦alii; th« moct aJtltudlnous senior! VertLr. -
THE SUISDA Y CALL.
these first-term "Investigation entertain
ments." It seems lamentable that in no
college do we find general kind thought
and consideration for the timid, the mis
guided or the "plebeian" which we might
expect from women broadening under
higher education. A graduate explains it
by saying, "AH youth is selfish." Tea.
that's it. Each one is too anxious about
her own welfare and future to care for a
less well-armed fellow student. When she
has had her lessons in life's school the
alumna may look back with regret on
many lost opportunities to lend tha help
ing hand.
CONSTANCE V. LAWRENC3.
Co=ed Life at Stanford University
3
ened, she manar*S *» enjoy the rest of^
the call. It was not till the next day that
she learned the ultimate fate of her vlM
tors. On their descent to the lower hall
it at once become enveloped in a Stygian
darkness. Stumbling over tables and
chairs they found the front door— locked,
and eventually took an lenomlnous de
parture through the hall window to a'
chorus of giggles from above. "Rubber
neck," did you say?
To what base uses we may return. Ho
ratio! Madrona Hall, across the quad
from Roble, was Intended for the bachelor
"profs," and 10, it houses only college
maids, who board near by, or at the Stan
ford Inn, a neat dining room, the walls
hung with framed bits of good advice.
There are a few boarding places on the
campus and several at Palo Alto. Two
or three girls make their way by renting
houses and subletting apartments to stu
dents for light housekeeping. I visited one
of these rooms. It was up under the slop
ing attic room. Across the window was a
narrow couch and crowded close to it
down the side wall were a table and a
etand with a little oil stove. In front of
the stove, against the wall opposite the
window, was a small bookcase and next
it the door. The space left free literally
may not be great, but we at least have
the privilege of being let alone to do as
little or as much as we please. And now
I will show you some places where they
do not play at housekeeping like my
chum and me. but go at the thing in
wholesale fashion." My companion re
ferred to the co-operative houses at Palo
Alto and on the college grounds. Of the
two or three others, the "Morrison cot
tage" is typical. "With a pretty house
rented for themselves, tha girls divide
receives once a month, so that ther« is a
club affair each -week. Though there Is
rivalry among the four organizations,
they entertain one another frequently.
The "Greek" girls look upon those rot
wearing the Greek letters a* "Barbarians"
or "barbs." To one another they are an
intellectual and moral help, but are almost
wholly selfish in purpose, doing little for
the comfort or pleasure o? "Barbs."
The first six weeks of collcee is an ex
citing time for Greek and Barbv Then
the apparently most eligible freshman,
girls are whirled around from one fra
ternity entertainment to another, this
cram cf invitations to teas, luncheons an.i
dinners being called "rushing." Once in
the fraternity the freshie discovers th*
flattering importance her sisters attached
to her was but an affectionate snare, ami
she has to take a back seat like any
other freshie and do the drudgery, which
consists in keeping fresh flowers about
the house and speaking when she's
. spoken to.
But. of course, ther» ar? lots of strang*.
shy girls, who unnoticed in the mad
"rush" never receive aa invitation to
m'.nis?'' respite btfftn classes, ard this
afford* f;ch delicious opportunities for
•onverssitlon with a friend In the quad
tSat the initiate is apt to reap a tar<ir
mark. It is e?:»ecially asreeabta '.f this
change friend wears a junior plus; or a
senior sombrero, for it will be mentioned
at tSM riext meal at Roble. Eut despite
this distinction the freshie at the lunch
eon tab> feels a little chill of loneliness.
The chatter In the great dining-room, with
It* r.me lons table?, would startle a d*»al
man. Every one is in a whirl and wants
f on* or.c else to do something for her. or
!s unrir.e h?r bosom frier.d to swallow
that sfuk whole and tkip. No or.c has
T'.m«* for the pirl in th" corr.er. with the
fcr>me?<.<-k look in her eyes. Perhaps it is
doing her eooi and making herself reliant
tr.d s--r::v«. She trust learn that some
where, and better here than i:i the rough
world.
In the i=.f!*rr.oon there's a lecture
rr.ayb*. then a little study, and it's time
for recreation. The rosy cheeked soph
and several others were tripping along
th> corridor in the gymnasium suits and
eal>d irr me «o join them. The pym lies
about a hundred yards from the hall, and
we started acr<-«s the njion, a m^rry
crowd. But ha!f way over there sud
der.lv appeared close at har.d "a perfect
mob of the boys." gs the soph afterward
?aid, "ar.d maybe we diCr.'t squeal and
a dinner !s a pr^nt leveler! Ship m«
Fom»where east of Cavftc, a caterer, "and
I wU conquer Apuinaldo.
With the rest we wandered up to the
parlor?, whence cam* the sound of music.
.Roble and Enema <the mm's dormitory)
give entertainments to on** another. ti
outsiders and to the faculty, by turns.
The tirls ¦were practicing a graceful min
uet for the comin? colonial tea to the
faculty and families. Every one was
BUSgestins and asking advice, and It wasdlsts. Nevertheless they waited. patiently
for forty-five minutes listening to my
statements, questioning me and appoint
ing a committee to Investigate. Not ac
coptlng my word, not accepting the pub
lished statement, but calmly and patiently
Investigating the charges to uee whether
they were true or false. That I hold to
be Just and reasonable. Surely more In
accord with the spirit of Christ and more
apt to bring down the blessing from on
high than empty prayers and religious
frenzies.
But you want to know my exact rea
sons for leaving the ministry. First, let
me quote from our local paper at Benicia
the words of farewell written by the
trustee and clerk of the church: "Rev.
James C. Maclnnes has been with us for
the past sixteen months, and by his earn
est endeavor and conscientious work has
made many warm friends. During his
stay here he <iat. greatly built up tho at
tendance at the church service and the
Christian Endeavor, and has gotten the
church on a good, firm financial basis.
The news of Mr. Maclnness' departure
from our city is received with universal
regret, and the best' wishes of a' host of
friends will follow him to the new home,
wherever It may be."
And also tho set of resolutions adopted
unanimously by the church at its annual
meeting:
Resolved, That the First Congrega
tional Church of Benicia, at its annual
meeting held January 9, 1900, extend to
its retiring pastor, Rev. J. C. • Maclnncs,
its most heartfelt thanks for all the ser
vices most nobly rendered by him In be
balf of tho church during bis entire con-
7 HE Reverend James Mac-
Inncs saw fit a few days
ago to resign from the min
istry — to give up all that he had
worked years to accomplish, and to
admit tJiat he had been mistaken in
choosing such a vocation.
The Reverend James Maclnncs
is now plain Mister James Mac
hines.
The mere fact that he saw fit to
abandon the ministry would have
caused not a little surprise among
his brethren, but nothing in com
parison to the squall that has arisen
on account of the reasons tendered
by the rczrrcnd gentleman for this
resignation. Such a stir have
these same "reasons" made that
even laymen have become intensely
interested and arc anxiously await"
THE SUNDAY CALL,
ciation were accompanied by a well-filled
purse. This is surely an evidence of the
cordial feeling that exists bettveen tho
'church and its retiring pastor.
I left the ministry because I became
convinced that I was never called to that
sacred office. If the poet is born to his
life's work, ko is the true minister. He
must be ordained to It before his birth;
he must hear the holy call within his
neart. It must be a burning firo within
him, and his cry "Woe is me if I preach
not the Gospel.'^ My idea of entering the
ministry came by the advice of a zealous
but misguided friend at a time of great
personal sorrow. In two months I had
lost a favorite brother and my mother;
our home was broken up and there
was an estrangement between my
father . and myself. All these my
unwise friend urged as voices from
God, calling me to dedicate ray
llfo to tho ministry. What blas
phemy! I was a mere youth: I listened
and accepted his advice. If I dedicated
my life to God, then he was worthy of
my very best, and I prepared a course
covering twelve years of study. As I
progressed in my studies 'the conviction
stole upon me that I had never been set
apart for that work, but I resolved to
givo It an honest trial. After three years
of experience In the active ministry and
earnest thought and prayer. I became
convinced that I was not called to the
church. What way was then open to me
but to leave It? It was no easy matter
to say that I had made a mistake, but
I must be true to the still small voice of
conviction whatever the consequences; so
I resigned, and honestly told my people
why I dare no longer be their minister.
This conviction of my never having been
called to the ministry was deepened as I
studied myself and studied tlae nature
and offices of tho true minister. A. minia-
wanted to tell them how good It had made
me feel and the exact foundation there
•was for the article that called forth the
expression of their opinion. I was guile
less enough to believe that these men
would be glad to know that I had never
said that the "church was full of hypo
crites." and for that reason I was leaving
It. I thought that they would be pleased
to listen to the real causes, and those who
had publicly wronged "me would be manly
enough to apologize for hasty words
spoken through misrepresentation. I
thought their sense of right and Justice
would lead them to make some kind of
public reparation, since their bitter and
unjustifiable condemnation had been pub
lic. I was guileless enough, I say, to be
lieve that such was my due and such they
would do. Unfortunately I chose a wrong
Monday. If I had waited for another
Monday morning I might have had a
more ready hearing, but this was their
I'entecostal Monday. They were set on
working themselves up into a frenzy of
emotionalism and calling it a baptism of
the Holy Ghost. They were hard at it
as I entered, and when I arose to speak
they were afraid that I might break the
spell. Only by dint of perseverance and
amid protests was I granted five minutes
to make my statement. What to them
was right and Justice? What to them
¦was truth? What to them that a man's
reputation had been blackened, and they
helped to blast it? They had no time to
make wrong right; they had no time to
seek and know the truth of tho affair;
they had no time to help a brother who
ter is one who serves his fellow man In
spiritual things. He must be a prophet,
priest and pastor— all these' functions he
must reverently and devoutly fill in obe
dience to the Inner voice and prompting.
He must be a pastor — a shepherd who
goes into the home and to the erring with
the tender and precious word of God. He
mv.st love his work, for love makes hard
tasks pleasant; love leads to tact. As a
pastor he comes very close to the people
and no sense of duty can perform that
office. Pastoral work was to me very dis
tasteful. I delighted to meet my friends
In a social way, but to go forth to make
?astoral calls, urged by the love of souls,
never did. because I never had the In
ward prompting. Here waa a battje In
my soul and great sorrow. I would not
affect what I did not honestly feel, and
not feeling It, I doubted the genuineness
of my right to be a pastor.
The true minister must also be a priest,
one to stand between God and the soul
of men, leading the soul unto its god; the
sacred symbols of the church he must
present with reverent hands. He must
break the bread and bless the wine of
holy communion. He must take the babe
In his arms and consecrate It by the sot
emn right of baptism: he must unite man
and woman In the bonds of matrimony.
He must commit the body to the earth as
God's anointed priest. If he feels that
he. has not been called to that holy office
all these symbols become a mockery, and
the doing of them a profanation to him.
When I felt In my soul that God had not
called me to that sacred office, I dared no
longer perform its functions. The true
minister must be a prophet, not one wlto
"foretells, but one who forth-tells"— one
-who npeaks for God. He must come be
fore his people with a message that God
has put Into his heart and on his lips for
the people. What aaawXuJ responsibility:
ing a statement from Mr. Mac
hines as to his exact attitttde in
the matter.
Mr. Machines has a fine church
record, he has lifted the debt from
both of the churches that fell to his
care — first from Oak Leaf Chapel
in Oakland and then from the Con
gregational church of Bcnicia. He
zcon the admiration and friendship
cf all his parishioners.
Exactly what he thinks of the
church end just why he determined
to leave it is frankly and ablx told
in the following, especially written
for the Sunday Call by Mr. Mac
hines himself:
THE editor of the Sunday Call has
asked me to ptate my reasons for
leaving- the Christian ministry and
has promised to print what I write,
except the bad ppelling. I give my
6tlf gladly to the task, fnr I am grateful
for the opportunity of speaking at first
hand. I have been quoted as saying that
the church is fuil of hypocrites and that
that is the chief reason for my leaving
it. I deny that I ever said that the church
Js fuil of hypocrites. I do say and believe
that there are churchgoers who are steep
ed la hypocrisy— people who co to church
for the htanfling that it may give ihem
in social or business circles Just as some
men Join the Masons and other orders for
the prestige it gives them. Hypocrisy has
lts.eeat in human nature. There is not
a walk in life where we don't find it— ln
business, law, medicine, po!it!cs and es
pecially in society. The church Is made
up of human beings and can we wonder
that some hypocrisy creeps into the
church? For the benefits to be derived
therefrom, the church would naturally at
tract hypocrite?. They are the black sheep
in the Hock. But I have always paid and
firmly believe that the good people In
church are beyond compare with these
outside. And the truly good people in
church far outnumber the hypocrites who
mask under false piety.
I believe if a man needs a drink he has
the right to take one. providing he has
the money to pay for It. There is a dif
ference between taking a drink and
drunkenness. The question of drinking,
dancing, card playing and kindred en
joyments is a matter of personal liberty
and must be settled by the individual con
science. Personal liberty Js the most Ba
rred thing in the world, and by personal
liberty I mean the right to think right
or the right to think wrong; the right to
do right, but not the right to do wrong;
for a man is not only an individual, but
a social unit, and his wrong action is
injurious to his neighbor. Personally I
do not dance, but my not. dancing is no
reason why I should forbid another an
innocent enjoyment. I believe that a
man who may take a drink and indulgo
in many of the amusements which som
churches taboo may be nearer the king
dom of heaven than a man within the
church who may refrain from doing any
of these things, but whosp heart Is full
of petty meannesses and bigotry and self
ishness. I have personally met men who
pot drunk who 1 believe have more real
Christian spirit than Eomtf of tho promi
nent members in our churches. This is
not praising a man for his drinking, but
simply riving the poor devil his due.
The office of the minister carries with
it a certain demeanor and dignity. Of
course this has been overdone in the past
—ministerial dignity passing into a pro
verb. But the recognition of being called
and i<et apart for the. work of spiritual
ministration ought to make the individual
serious; there is a difference, however,
between wholesome and morbid serious
ness; for my own part I Bay candidly I
bad too little of the ministerial dignity.
I have been misquoted on some points,
bat I do not hold the reporters guilty of
halt the injustice that I do the ministers.
Why I Leave the Ministry
By the Reverend
James C. MacInnes
who, without personal Investigation,
¦wrote public denunciations.
Surely the evidence of such brotherly
love would conquer any obdurate heart,
especially the reception I met with In the
Methodist conference on Monday morn
ing. I had noticed that come of the lead-
Ing clergymen of that denomination had
taken great pains to say kind (?) things
of xno in that £QAIRILJ^£ P*4>*T» Wid I
had fallen Into cruel hands. >¦ They must
have their Pentecostal meeting — pray and
sing and shout "Amen" until they had
had their "emotional debauch" and call
It the outpouring of the Spirit. It is but
Just that I describe the different treat
ment I received from my brother Congre
gational ministers. The time for closing
the meeting had fully come before I
nectlon therewith. He has brought to
the church the highest type of godliness,
of Christianity and of manliness, bless
ings, which will never leave us. wherever
he may take up his work in the future
the prayers of the members of this
church and congregation and their best
wishes for his success will ever be wltn
ib^WLLINGa.
3£e3§ J Ksaluilojtf and words of appr«-
w
to stand before your congregation as tha
prophet of God, professing to have a liv
ing, burning message from him to your
people, fjow often I have walked mv
study floor praying for light, and wring
ing my hands in agony at the thought of
the responsibility that weighed upon mo.
I never entered my pulpit except in i»ir.
A prophet of God differs from a teacher
of truth and morality, and when a man
enters the pulpit, by that act he an
nounces that he is one who speaks tor
God. I could no longer do it. because J no
longer felt that I was God's ambassador
to any people..
The ministry I feel to be the most
sacred, the most noble, and may I mv.
the most desirable of all callings. Gladly
would I take all Its responsibilities, most
gladly perform its offices and rejoice to
accept its limitations and hardships, if I
could but feel that I was worthy of it.«
eacred trusts. I envy certain of nty
brothers who, I know, have heard the
true call, and ere obeying It in their life s
work.
I left the ministry because I believed T
was better qualified to serve God ns a.
Christian bustnefis man than as a Chris
tian minister. I have always had an en-*
thusiasm for business. Before I reached
the age of twelve I was deep Into It. My
father answered my refusal to atten.l the
public schools by putting me in the fac
tory, and I was happy. During my col
lege course my heart was more in busi
ness than In study. When I began my
active ministry I rejoiced to take a
church that was in debt, and when it was
free from that burden I felt there was
nothing left for me to do. Whatever of
success that has attended my ministry
has been along secular rather than spirit
ual lines. After 1 had decided to leave
the ministry there came to me a splendid
opportunity to engage in business. If I
had received an Invitation to a larger
church with an Increase of salnry. mv
friends would have called It the leadings
of the Lord. Why cannot we say thai
thie business opening was as much hi*
leading as a larger pulpit and congrega
tion? I believe that the greatest need to
day Is men of business qualification and
energy to make money for God. It is
as holy as preaching. And as for doing
good as Christ defined it— feeding the
hungry, clothing the naked, helping the
unfortunate— the business man has quite
as many chances as the minister, anl
often more means to do It with. I be
lieve that one helps forward the kingdom
of God quite as much In helping a poor
boy who has talent for muaic or art or
mechanics to a better education as In
spending along the line o.f his abilities
money to help some blockhead to b<j
come a minister. The kingdom of God Is
larger than the church, and the caus* of
Christ Is helped in more ways than
through the pulpit. .
I left the ministry because I believed
there are too many of us misfits in It al
ready. When the officers of a vacant
church that pays but JlOOO per year receive
thirty applications In two weeks either
dtrectly or Indirectly from men who want
that pulpit it Is time that some of us
dropped out of such a fierce struggle for
existence. This Is no Isolated case. Th<j
wire-pulling to place friends In desirable
pulpits, the methods resorted to by some
to secure destrablepulplts, are degrading
and disgusting. The true minister— ana
thank God there are many of thera, noble
and unselfish men, men whoare making life
sweeter by their labors and sacrifices — has
no need of doing this. The place seeks
him! He would scorn to have It other
wise. Again and again I have known
such a man to refuse flattering offers of
larger churches and higher salaries out
of a senjßft of duty and service Su( tb.9
great crowd of mlaflts— l could not re
main among them In a profession I waa
not fitted tor and purchase a living at
such a price. I knew I should b« misun
derstood, but inward self-contempt is
harder to endure than any censure that
may be placed upon me from without.
The church would be richer and the king
dom come more quickly if some' of i:» t
ministers would leave it and earn an hon
est living.
I believe also that there are too
many Protestant churches, some of
which are very unwisely placed for doing
their work. If there were leas "denomi
national pride" and more love of truth:
If thera were a greater emphasis placed
on those essential things tnat make for
CnrUtian unity and less on the non-es
sential that make tor diversity; In short,
if there were really love to Christ and
loyalty to his person and aervlce in Chris
tians, the (Ussractfol condition that now
obtains would not exist, 'lhtnk of a com
munity of less than ZOUO people represented
by from rive to ten diiferent denomina
tions and sects, each poorly attended and
ail struggling for a bare existence.' If
there wete good, common business sense*
among them, if there were a wholesome
desire to serve God in reality and not la
name only, if their purpose was to build
up an institution that stood for righteous
ness, truth. Justice and purity in social
and political life and to have it effective
and influential, think you not they would
forget the trivial dirterencts and find
a way to unite on the grand purpose of
their lives? Alas, too many of the so
called Christians want a plate wnere their
peculiar views and their peculiar people
can come together to have the emotions
tickled and their pet theories confirmed.
Let ethics and not theology, morality and
not ritual, a clean, true, manly life and
not Intellectual beliefs, the sayings of
Christ and not the opinions of theologians
—a love to God that leads to justice to our
brother man— be taught and emphasized
by the ministers' who have heard the di
vine call and who come before the people
as the prophets of Go<l. rebuking sin in.
high and lovr places, afraid of neither rich,
nor poor, because of God's message in their
hearts, and then the great unchurched
masses would nock to the standard of the
church, for it would then be God's instru
ment to bring in the reign of righteous
ness.
I have acted very much as the man
who fell down the stairs with a precious
piece of crockery In his hands. In falling
his whole thought was for the crockery,
and ho nearly broke every bone in his
body to save it. His wife, hearing the
nol3e. ran to the head of the stairs and
seeing her husband lying in a tangled heap
at the bottom cried out. "John. John, have
you broken that vase?" "No. d— It I
didn't but I will." and with that h«
hurled' It against the wall. 1 never said
that I left the mtnlstry because th»
church was full of hypocrites, but the un
warranted, unjustifiable and uncharitable
attacks both in the press and out of it
with which I have bten assailed by
Christians of all denominations, and es
neciallv by their ministry, have led me to
say tome plain and harsh things. No on*
resrrets more than myselt that the church
and its ministry is open to such criticism
as I may herein have stated, and 1 trust
that this criticism may be the means of
helping to purge the church, though it
will bring contempt and anathemas upon
my head.
.
4THE prima donna has two duties. The one is to sing, the other is to
dress. The cost of the latter is a sum that the public wots not of.
Six thousand dollars is the amount paid by Madame Nevada for
her outfit. She paid it in Paris, where the dreams of Felix take unto them
6elves substantiality in the form of silk and lace and beaded stone combina
tions. Felix tempts and woman weakens. But in the case of Madame Nevada
the weakening was a matter of business. Willy-nilly, she was obliged to
have the gowns.
So. woman fashion, she began with the best. She did not stop buying
evening gowns until they piled up ten deep, and she and they were very happy
together until a bill put an impudent finger in the pie. '•Two thousand dol
lars for the ten? Rather large, but the only way to get rid of the bill is to
pay it." she chirped. Having this little matter attended to, she proceeded to
enjoy the gowns once more.
"This turquoise gown represents almost 5400," she sighed, and grew
cheerful again as the gay little turquoises" shone at her. The double skirt
meets at the side and is clasped from waist to floor with turquoise buckles.
"Hats and gloves and shoes and wraps have to match every gown." she
said, "and think of what that means. Wraps, especially. Here, to begin with,
is the simplest of all." » .
It was brown broadcloth, extravagantly plain. Women will know what
"extravagantly plain" means. Men imagine that it is the flippancies that
count. And that "plain" brown broadcloth with its sable bands of trimming
was $95. .••,.¦
"The sealskin was Sroo. Dear. dear, what a price! And the two opera
capes cost $300. and the two short capes $150. Just a lot of old animals'
skins, after all. The seal and the mink and the rest of them never guessed
their value, did they?"
One by one the afternoon gowns were produced. Five, they are, and
$150 each is an average of their cost.
"All done — except the four carriage gowns," she said. "How much?
Eighty dollars each. Do you like them? They are rather pretty. I love
them all; as I love beautiful painting?, but oh, the trouble of them."
The maid waited at the door. "There are trunks to pick," she said. ,
"Eight."
What It Costs a Prima Donna To Dress
THE. SUNDAY GALL.
5WHAT HAPPENED AT
RAVENSCOURT
By
EDGAR PICKERING
(Author of A Stout English BowmA*,^
ry* CAPTIOUS reader may convict me
/ I In his own mind of evading the
I I obvious duty of a good citizen.
V, I but In my defense lam prepared
X to swear that the ends of Justice
were fully met by the course I
adopted, and that my conscience acquits
me of all blame In the sequence of events
that followed my accepting the position, of
steward to Sir John Thynr.e,
Sir John had been an old friend cf my
family, und when, after the disasters by
which my father's fortune had been Irre
trievably wrecked it behooved me to seek
some employment, the kindly old baronet
cJTered me a house and a good Income in
return for my supervision of his estate.
It Is needless to tay the offer was one
which I acepted thankfully, and In a
week's time from the receipt of his letter
1 -was at Ravenscourt.
The room to which I was conducted was
In the right wing, and I found Sir John
lying on a couch beside the fire, a changed
man, co far as looks were concerned, from
the jovial fellow I remembered him 10
have been in the old days when he came
visiting to my father's house. The doctor
was with him, a quiet, observant man,
who regarded me attentively as I stood
holding his patient's hand.
"Paton will have It that I am not ill."
laid Sir John, attempting to assume his
former merry voice. "Cut I know bert
about that." »
"At any rate, you are not seriously 111,
E'.r John," answered the doctor, "and we'll
soon have you about again."
I made some stereotyped reply, wishing
him speedily restored to his usual health
and regretting his illness; and then our
conversation went Into Its natural chan
nel, which was about the estate and the
need for certain Improvements to bo made
upon it.
"I'll be having to think of others now."
Faid Sir John. ''My term of life Is nearly
m an end, and I would wish to leave the
place more valuable than when I came
into posyssion of It."
"There'll be time enough for talking
like that. Sir John," I answered, "twenty
years hence." But he shook his head,
paying something in an undertone that I
did not catch.
"Tou'3l <Jine here to-night," he said.
"I'm eorry I shan't be able to come down
stairs. There will be only three of you,
and I should like to hare a word with you
ajraia before you leave."
Blr John pressed me to star, and al
though 1 was reluctant to do so, not
having come prepared for dining, I finally
gave my consent. Ab we were speaking
the door opened and a man whom I had
not hitherto seen came into the room.
"This Is my nephew, Mr. Charles F«o
ton." said Blr John, introducing the new
comer. "And this is my new steward. Mr.
Kpencer. There'll be a good many things
he'll be glad of your help in, Charles, and
now that I'm laid by you must take my
place."
Mr. Fenton favor
.: me with a broad
6tare. which Z re
turned. "We wer« _^-rae
about the same age, /SgWhl
ntri I could not for- teK*W"'i7
F^t my former poel-
Won in society. In *C«t§S»BfM«!
f^pite of the change V^tW
4 .n my fortunes. NSwSsaSb/*
There was bo me- \<j!^W
thing in his look N?Sr>£3»
and manner that re-
peiled me. and with
the briefest cour- Sj
teey I resumed my
conversation with Elr John. I could
not resist forming a comparison be
tween the two men, uncle and nephew, the
one the very ideal of an English gentle
man, the other a supercilious fellow
whom I distrusted instinctively. I marked
his sleek manner and the tone of voice in
which he inquired after the invalid's
health had an Insincere ring. I noticed
too that his bands were remarkably well
formed, film as a woman's, with perfect
filbert nails, and that he wa« inordinately
vain of them was evident. With a casual
remark he turned on his heel, and a feel
ing of relief came over me as he quitted
the room.
For the better understanding of the
erents that happened at Ravenscourt it is
necessary that I describe rather minutely
the room in which Blr John lay. The walls
were of paneled oak. and at the end of
the room where the great carved bedstead
Ptood was a picture dusky with age, set
in an antique frame. This covered sev
eral of the panels, the edge of It— that
farthest from the door— overhanging the
melding of the wall, making a striD of
black shadow. Why I noticed this I can
not say, but It caught my eye and ap
peared to form' a conspicuous feature In
the lov/ pitched room. Between the bed
stead and the picture (the space might
have been about four feet) was a email
table, on which were set some books, a
glass and a small phial, such as is used
for medicine. 5 ? ordinarily. The table was
within easy reach of the bedstead; that
with its hangings and ponderous canopy
loomed out massively from the distance,
and opposite this was the latticed window.
Taken altogether. Sir John's room was a
forbidding-looking place, where dusky,
weird shadows crept and hovered in th©
miFty light. •
"You will find Paton a very pleasant fel
low." said Sir John, "a little reserved at
first maybe, but it won't take long to
thaw him." And he made another effort
to seem cheerful, though it was not suc
cessful.
With a promise to Fee him again I quit
ted the room, going out Into the gloomy
corridor, toward the staircase, and as I
paused for an instant in the seml-dark
r.<?f-s a door was suddenly opened at the
end of the corridor and a woman came to
ward me carrying a lighted lamp, the
sheen of which was uDon her face — a face
more beautiful than 1 had ever seen he
fore, a sweet, pale face, that bore a
stranpo look of distress, and in her eyes
were traces of tears. She was dressed 'n
come description of white, gauzy material
that shimmered in the light and added a
grace and charm to her, which for a mo
ment hold me speechless. When I did
speak it was to make a rather clumsy
apology for my presence there, and at this
a. look as of some half-forgotten meiTi
ment sprang Into her eyes. Then their
former appearance returned, the look as
of pome hunted animal, and she cast a
plance over her
shoulder, as though
listening. The ac
tion seemed as If it
were an habitual
one, and for the
time I forgot every- ~d «¦
thing else but the
beautiful troub led
face of the girl,
whose tear-dimmed
eyes were to haunt irr
me for many a long *~ ill
day. /£s*.
I think I was wait- <wt ;
Ing to hear her VXV. *
voice, but there was 4/M
no reply to my ex- Vei« \s
planation, and with ' j^S*
a Bcarrely perceived
inclination of hex wr <p(v -£--<%£*k -,
1 head she had passed me, going into
i Sir John's room. It was with an unusual
- sense of loneliness that I made my way
i downstairs, finding Dr. Paton alone In the
! dining-room.
"I am sorry to find Sir John en Invalid."
"I am content to put up with all that,
now," I answered. Then with that strange
glance over her shoulder, she hurried
away, leaving a blank In my life which
only she could fill.
It is not my intention to describe the
course of love-making nor the scene In
which I learned from Margaret's lips tho
cause of her unhappiness. That Fenton
loved her in his boorish fashion I did not
doubt, but the engagement between her
self and Sir John's heir had been forced
upon her. I heard also that his Jealousy
was so great that she was virtually a
prisoner at Ravenscourt, and that since
Sir John's illness his nephew's tyranny
had passed all bearing.
"Every action of mine Is watched" she
told me. "I am reviled and insulted con
stantly and I am helpless to prevent It."
"Will you give me the right to protect
you?" I asked earnestly. T 'To save you
from this fellow."
The look that answered. me made me
the happiest man in the three kingdoms
at that moment. The next I was con
fronting Mr. Charles Fenton, who had
burst through the hedge beside which
Margaret and I were standing, his face
livid with rage.
I need not repeat all the vile abuse with
which he assailed me. His words were
not for a woman's ears, least of all for
Margaret's, and at a sign from me she
walked quickly away.
Then, before I could be aware of the
fellow's Intent, he had raised his heavy
stick and felled me to the ground. When.
I had recovered my dazed senses I was
alone.
Two events followed In quick succession
It Is a curious fact that the roots and
branches of a tree are so alike in their
nature that if a tree be uprooted and
turned upside down the underground
branches will take to themselves the
functions of roots, and the exposed roots
win in timo bud and becoxno verlt&bla
branches.
were not the most obstinate man in the
world he would have gone"; and then, as
though the subject were one he did not
feel inclined to continue, Dr. Paton
changed the conversation. .
He told me that Mr. Fenton would In
herit Sir John's estate, and that a mar
riage had been arranged between the
young man and a Miss Margaret Ains
worth, "whom you will probably meet
later on. She is in the unpleasant posi- •
tion of a 'poor relation,' and has teen liv
ing at Ravenscourt since the death of her
father some years ago," he added.
"I think we have met already," I an
swered. "It must have been Miss Ains
worth whom' l saw In the corridor as I
left Sir John's room Just now. I hope her
marriage will be a happy one."
"I doubt whether there is any love in
the engagement," replied the doctor dryly.
"These marriages of convenience i rarely
have that Ingredient In their composition.
Mr. Charles Fenton is certainly not tho
man I should like to . have for a son-in
law. The engagement is another of Sir
John's whims, and nothing would alter
his determination."
"Miss Ainsworth gave me the Impres
sion of being unhappy," I continued.
"Can you wonder?" replied the doctor,
"when her future husband treats her bad
ly already?"
Our conversation was Interrupted at this
moment by .the entrance of Mr. Fenton,
and we sat down to dinner. During the
nephew's honor. It would be madness for
Miss Ainsworth to break off her engage
ment with him and marry a penniless
man. I have her welfare at heart, and
I trust you will not think I am reflecting
on you. Mr. Spencer."
I had said all that I considered neces
sary and so held my tongue after this.
I had business to consult him about, but
I was in no mood for doing that at the
time, and observing that our interview
had distressed him. and that his weak
ness was more marked than formerly, I
quitted the room. Our conversation had
been on the whole a friendly one, and Sir
John had made it clear to me that he re
gretted the circumstances which would
end our connection. He held my hand for
a moment, promising to help me In the
future for my fathers sake.
Dr. Paton was In the hall as I descend
ed to, it, and he took me aside, speaking
In a serious undertone.
"My patient has developed symptoms
that have made me anxious," he said "I
cannot explain In what way now, but I
should be glad If you would remain with
him— ln his room— until he is asleep to
night. Make an excuse for doing so."
"I would do that willingly were It not
for the chance of meeting Mr. Fenton,"
I answered.. "I have an account to settle
with that gentleman which must be paid
elsewhere.
"Fenton has gone up to London to
day," was the reply, and hearing this I
gave my consent at once.
Business was my excuse for prolonging
my second visit to Sir John. He had re
tired to bed early, saying that he was
tired, and I sat beside him until his at
tention flagged apd his eyelids closed in
Bleep. He had forgotten his sleeping
draught, I noticed, and lay slumbering
quietly. Moving softly from the bedside
to the fireplace, I seated myself, my face
being in the direction of the bed and
dim shadowy recess that was between
the' sleeper and wall. There was an eerie
fascination in the grim features of the
painted woman, something ghastly in the
pallid eagerness with which she glared
at me from out the moldering frame:
and sitting there in the dead silence of
the night, my thoughts were busy with
the memories of the past few days. So
still was it that when a sound came,
the sound that a rat gnawing at the oak
floorboards might have made, I started
and half rose from my chair. The sound
had come from the direction of the cor
ner, and glancing toward It, tha sinister
leasly backward to the tin* at black by
the frame I had seised It at the bony
wrist and held it firmly. I could feel tho
writhing effort it made to release Itself,
and the quick beating of the pulse, and
my grip tightened. It was a hand that
I would have sworn to out of a thou
sand—the hand of Mr. Charles Fenton.
"What Is the matter? What has hap
pened?" and Sir John was sitting up In
his bed, asking me the question In a rapid
voice.
I pointed with my disengaged hand to
the helpless fingers in my grasp. "Do
you recognize this ring. Sir John?" I ans
wered quietly.
"It is the one I gave my nepbenr re
cently," he gasped. "Good heavens, what
Is the meaning of this awful mystery?"
"I think I can tell." I replied. "Shall
I release my hold?" and then his glance
fell on the two bottles.
"Yes." he muttered faintly. "I be* of
you not to leave me this night, Mr. Spen
cer " and I gave him my promise.
The next day I sent the bottle, the con
tents of which tallied In appearance with.
Dr.. Paton's harmless sleeping draught, to
an eminent analyst, and In due course re
ceived his report. The potion was pois
oned, the drug employed by the would
be murderer being of the subtlest nature
that would have done Its work slowly but
surely.
At Sir John's request I showed him the;
report, and a mournful sigh escaped him.
but no word of anger or reproach. Charles
Fenton disappeared from Ravenscourt,
and his secret was never divulged. I
made a careful examination of the house,
discovering a passage leading to the bed
room, the existence of which even Sir
John Thynne himself had not known.
He made a new will, leaving everything
to Margaret Ainsworth, who three
months after Sir John's happy restora
tion to health became my dear wife, and
I continued my stewardship. Dr. Paton
never fails to congratulate himself upon
his success In. his treatment of his puzz
ling case, and only his patient and I
know how little credit is rightfully the
doctor's due.
I said, as- we stood
chatting on the
hearthrug. "What
Is he suffering
from?"
"It hardly does for
a medical man to
confess himself puz
zled," ;was the reply,
"but bo far as the
actual evidences of
disease are con
cerned there are ab
solutely none. That
he Is not in a nor
mal state of health
cannot be denied, or
that his symptoms are disquieting, but
at present I am not prepared to ascribe
his complaint to a definite cause. Did
you notice that bottle by his bedside?"
I nodded my head.
"It contains a sleeping draught," he
continued, irritably. "Sir John has con
tracted the pernicious habit of using them
nightly, and, contrary to my advice, per
sists In taking them. Up to recently he
had them prepared by a chemist in the
town, but I have persuaded him to use
one of my prescriptions, which is as harm
less as water."
"With the result that you find his
health improving," I said.
"On the contrary." replied the doctor.
"I find his health slowly and steadily de
clining. In a word Sir John's illness Is not
to be accounted for, and I am puzzled."
"Possibly a change of air would be ben
eficial," I suggested.
"That has been my advice, and If he
meal I was ignored by the young man,
and all my attempts to Join in the con
versation were met in the cold, insolent
fashion, which I had before remarked,
and which increased my first dislike of
him to positive abhorrence.
"And that Is the future husband of Miss
Ainsworth," I muttered between my teeth
as I walked homeward. "Poor girl, you
deserve a better fate than that!"
It was a week before Margaret Ains
worth and I met again, but in the interval
my pity for her had grown to love. Her
image was ever in my mind, those tearful
eyes so sweet and gentle always before
me: and when I was returning to the cot
tage one afternoon, and we encountered
unexpectedly, an irrepressible impulse
caused me to arrest her footsteps.
"Yes, I have heard of you, Mr. Spencer,
from my uncle," she said. "I hope you
will like Ravenscourt, in spite of its being
so dull and wretched."
during the next two days. One wm that
Margaret left Ravenscourt, unseen by me.
and the other was my receiving a notice
of dismissal. Sir John gave me this
verbally and It was easy to see that it
Dained him to do so. He had no com
plaint against my management, ho told
me but it would be better if -we parted,
and I accepted the decision without a
word of demur.
"It is only right," I said, "that you
should be informed that Miss Alnsworth
has promised to be my wife, and that our
attachment Is mutu al- , ? ...
"Are you aware that Miss Ainsworth Is
already engaged to my nephew?" he an
"Thank heaven, I shall save her from
that villain's power," was my reply.
"You misjudge my nephew, sir" he said
haughtily. "He is one of the beet men
I have ever known. His attention to me
during my illness warrants my warmest
thanks. I have every confidence In my
THE SUNDAY CALL.
eyes of the picture met mine vindictively.
Then the solemn silence fell again, ar.d I
I resumed my Interrupted train of
1 Howlong I had sat thus I do not know,
when suddenly the black shadow of the
nlcture seemed to change, to lighten as
ft were and from it came something pale,
forming itself into the shape of. a hand,
clearer and clearer until I could distin
guish the long nervous fingers extend.
ins 'themselves as if attempting to grasp
something. Then x *?* cr , ee P;^
stealthily toward it. for there in th*
ing stealthily toward It. for there in tha
strip of black cast by the picture frame
was the ghostly hand, holding- in its lean
sinuous fingers a medicine phial. I saw
it slowly advance to the table and plao*
the bottle down, taking up the one whirh
contained Sir John's Bleeping draught.
The two bottles were exactly alike.
Another instant and I should have b*»en
too late, but as the hand moved noise-
6THE SXTNDAY HATX.
7
AT THE
THEATERShis fastnesses. There was a rumble of
discontent and vengeance. Sir George did
not wish him to remain in a condition
holding so little happiness. Moreover, fho
all-important highroads must invade even
and people. "Ifs all light," As h« sdoHs.
none of those who watched about nii bed
understood the strange-sounding words.
But they remembered them, and after
ward they learned their great significance.
By
Doctor
J. Katsuki.
Graduate
of the
University
of California.
for we find that the armor and helmet
worn by the ancient Japanese warrior is
much too large and far too heavy for
any Japanese of this century. Since the
restoration of peace and the solid estab
lishment of the feudal system by Shogun
in. 1400 A. D. and Its continuance for 300
years, the people have been giving too
much thought to rites and ceremonies
and have been neglecting the more neces
sary natural exercises for the symmetrical
development of the body. The Japanese
are sclll too ceremonious for this busy
world at this present age. They attend
far more to bowing and congratulating
each other than to the business that
should bn attended ta.
IHAVE been asked to compare . the
people of Japan with the American
people from a physical standpoint.
The American people are tall, while
the Japanese are generally of a
diminutive stature. Why are the
Japanese so small? Because the develop
ment of the body is greatly Influenced by
the surroundings and mode of living, and
not by the quality of food as is generally
supposed. The Japanese love everything
email and pretty. They live In little
houses with low ceilings; they bend their
knees and sit on cushions Instead of
chairs, which naturally prevents the cir
culation .of blood in the body. The Jap
anese were well formed in oldan time*.
COMPARISON PROM A PHYSICal STANDPOINT
the cup to him, filled it with wine and
made the fourth boy.'. Then I went to the
second guest and repeated the sam«
thing and made the same number of
bows; 'then I went to the third guest and
so on until I had finished with the
hundredth or last guest. Now I had
already made 400 bows and when the
guests took their leave I made two bows
to each one, making 200 more bows.
During the conversation with the guests
after dinner I think I made about 100
bows— in all I bowed 700 times that even
ing. On the following morning I was
sick with a headache and I was also the
possessor of a stiff neck."
The Japanese women are generally small
and prefer the low shoulder and narrow
*aist. The hli-h class of Japanese women
inine robe of the ancient Greeks is very
artistic, attractive and exceedingly grace
ful, but I do not think it adapted to the
needs and taste of the woman of the nine
teenth century, except on the stage or at
a- fancy ball. •
The Japanese women get a very small
amount of exercise practicing their ac
complishments. Dancing is an accomplish
ment of the lower classes, but is consid
ered vulgar among the higher classes.
Some time ago dancing was introduced in
the best society, but was denounced aa
improper and therefore abolished.
The higher classes of Japanese women
are taught the art of preparing tea or
"chanol," which does not simply mean to
prepare a cup of tea for dinner or supper,
but it Is a ceremony, and the women prac-
are educated in a purely Oriental way.
Their manner ot dressing' and mode of
binding their hair, bodily movement or
manner of walking are entirely different
from those of the American woman. The
Japanese woman looks" very beautiful and
graceful in her flowing silken gowns, with
elaborately and beautifully colled hair,
ornamented with golden Jewels. The
movement of the body is natural and
graceful and Is greatly admired by the
foreign traveler.
A few years ago the European dress
Tva.3 Introduced among the Japanese wo
men in public places and t gatherings. I
noticed on several occasions the Japanese
women dressed in European style and
they looked most grotesque. They could
hardly walk in their tight shoes and
could scarcely breathe in their tightly
laced corsets. This , custom proved ad
vantageous to the doctors, who had to
be called In frequently to attend case 3 of
fainting and cardiac palpitation. Gradu
ally they realized the mistake of this
hasty change of their costumes and long
lamented and nursed their sore chests
end shrunken feet. Thus, at present, the
European costume has entirely disap
peared in Japanese society of the middle
classes and the women are glad that they
ere once more free from the horrible tor
tures of too much civilization. The court
dress of the Japanese women Is still that
of the Western style.
"While it is almost the universal opinion
»of foreigners that the costumes of the
Japanese women are too graceful and
beautiful to exchange for the costumes of
any other nation, yet the use of dress is
not merely to please the eye of the
Stranger, or those .of the opposite sex. but
It must be convenient and comfortable
to the Individual herself. For comfort
and for good health the dress of the Japa
nese woman far exceeds that of the West
ern Ftylc. but whether It in convenient or
up to date in the rapid advancement of
ncivilization is not easy to say. . The fer-
tlce It as a social etiquette. Their manner
of walking and sitting in the parlor must
be graceful. The movement of the arms
and hands, the delicate motions of the
fingers in handling the cups and prepar
ing the tea is done according to fixed
rules. It requires long practice to be
skilled in this branch of art. and it has
the effect of making the women gentle
and graceful.
The manner of holding the cup and
drinking the tea after it is made also re
quires practice, and every guest should be
acquainted with the same before accept
ing an invitation to a tea party. In fact,
all the accomplishments of the Japanese
woman are designed to make her calm,
quiet and graceful. She has her own
manner of walking, her own manner
of speech, and in all other ways her
manner is entirely different' from that of
the other sex or from the manners of
the "three Htile maids" in "The Mikado."
If a Japanese lady should look at a lady
bicyclist attired in b!oomers riding gayly
along at the speed of ten knots per hour
I think she would surely faint. No. Jap
anese women are too home-loving, and
therefore they greatly neglect out-of-door
exercise In the fresh air. They abhor any
thing that appears to be masculine or
bold.
Sir George Grey and
the Maori Chiefs.
As the ruler of New Zealand, problems
in regard to recalcitrant natives continu
ally arose before Sir George Grey, the fa
mous Colonial Governor, problems which
could be settled by no custom of diplom
acy, Sir George solved them by good
sense.
One improvement of prime importance
was the development of roads. This was
bitterly opposed by some of the savago
tribes.
Ranglh&eta, a Maori chieftain, sulked Is
As the Japanese See Us
THE SUXDAY CAKL.
Rangihaeta's terrl- ami k^SaA\>
tory. Diplomatic IM\ fc^ wjiT
0%-crturcs were not J\ M^Si
wanted; they bud- iftvQaiSJf
ded quietly. and |\\\ T§r
then blossomed into jW\yl
an Inspiration. \ill\Vjf
"When the old fel
low had begun to get
frail and ill." said Sir George. "I sent
him a pretty pony and trap. The seashore
at his part of New Zealand, offered a
splendid stretch of firm sand, one of th«
finest drives in the world. Delighted with
his carriage, he would use it; only a
breadth of rough land intervened between
his dwelling anil the beach. He could not
"drive across it. so what does h© do but
turn out his men to make a roadway?
"There was merriment in Maorlland at
the idea that Ranglhaeta. hitherto sternly
opposed to our road?, should himself be
constructing one. That was as I hoped,
and he made no more dlfflcutlles for us.
How could he? There he was. almost
every afternoon, driving on the sands In
all the pride of peacock feathers."
Sir George's tact was always In evi
dence. As a young man he had noticed
the respect which savages pay to strength
and agility.
"I was somewhere on the coast with
several of my officers and a number ot
Maori chiefs," he said afterward, "and
there was a debate as to running. I ven
tured the statement that T could, perhaps,
beat the Maoris at a distance contest.
They selected their best man, a young
chief, and I fancy it took me more than
half a mile to get away from him."
Slr George Grey learned to teel a true
affection for his wild Island rae«. Just
before he died he sent a message to the
Prime Minister of New Zealand. "CJlv*
the people of New Zealand my love." It
ran, "and may God have you in His keep
ing."
And last of all. Just as the ntght of this
world was closing about him. ha ex
claimed in Maori, the laOaUase of tha lal-
The superintendent of a large company
In Japan, who is my personal friend, once
s*i!<i to me, "Our people bow too much.
I once invited 100 guests to a dinner
party. I approached the first guest, made
two bows, thanking him for his kind at
tendance at the party. I received a cup
from him, drank a glass of wine, returned
8
Cartoons by a Japanese Artist.
Concerning Dr. Moriyama,
Who Proposes
to Dissect Us
Both Socially
And Politically.
AMERICANS in general, and
Califomians in particular, have
jaunted in Japan for three
weeks and then written three
folio volumes on picturesque Japan
and the Japanese.
Enter now on our scenes one Dr.
M. Moriyama, correspondent of the
Tokio Sun, a magazine that numbers
en its honorary staff the Japanese
aristocrats and official dignitaries of
highest degree. Dr. Moriyama will
linger among us about ninety days
and send to Japan at least nine
lengthy articles, dissecting us social
ly and politically.
The first hieroglyphics of his
quill are already on the briny way.
In a few days the slant-eyed Japan
ese aristocracy of brains and wealth
will read of the "social condition of
San Francisco and its standard of
morals."
By the twenty -one days of his visit
It is uncertain whether Dr. Moriyama
has struck bottom on this subject.
And by the spoken words of Dr. Mori
yama it is certain that his written
words do not lacquer our failings and
faults.
"The people here are very polite
en the surface, but many of them
6c«n to lack true courtesy," said Dr.
Moriyaina through an interpreter,
which is very frank and refreshingly
original, for seldom, if ever, have
we been accused of being superficially
polite — it is a charge laid more fra
quently at the door of the ceremoni
ous Japanese.
"I am somewhat disappointed in
the moral standard of this city," re
peated the interpreter after Dr. Mori
yana. "The home life is not as pure
as I had expected."
Just how Dr. IToriyama managed
to get enough peeps behind the house
hold scenes to come to this conclusion
was lost in the interpretation. As a
gentleman of rare distinction and
learning he had been made the center
of the sacred inner circle of local Jap
anese society. It may be that through
these Oriental exclusives Dr. Mori
yama has been introduced to the
typical San Francisco home. How
ever his knowledge has been gleaned
he is very positive in his opinions.
Just what Dr. Moriyama has writ
ten about us to his countrymen can
not be found out until a copy of the
"Sun" is received and translated.
But Dr. Moriyama's cartoon on the
American and Japanese women gives
a hint, and also the article written
by Dr. Katsuki gives an idea of how
we stand in the light of comparison
to the educated resident Japanese.
7^)1? MORIYAMA has ar
/ y tistic as well as literary
ability, and the Magic Box
proves Jiis skill as a cartoonist.
Germany, England, France and
Russia, with Italy coming in the
distance, arc making, for the box,
which, of course, stands for China.
Japan, represented by the insect,
remains aloof.
11. Scramble to get into the box:
111. What happens when the
box opens. This shox's Dr. Mori-
yamas idea of how the Chinese
question will be solved.- Dr. Mori
yama has spent much time in
China, studying the political prob
lems, and believes that when China
shall be pressed too hard by outside
nations the ancient or southern race
of Chinese will rise to the salvation
of their country. At present the
southern and non-ruling race is not
taken into account by the natives.
In the cartdon the ancient race is
represented by the monster (one eye
signifying that) who has in hh
clutches the northern and ruling dy
nasty. Japan is seen allying itself
with the southern Chinese. The ex
pressions nn the face of the star
(America) show Dr. Moriyama's
idea "of our position on the Oriental
question. In the first cartoon Amer
ica is asleep; in the second it is half
azcake and yawning; in the third
America is thoroughly alive to the
situation and the possibilities of
I Oriental commerce.fined In art a^yhjm, but had rsc:ir<*d and
gror.e to Australia. The Hibernian lady
was r.ot a pauper by any means. She had
SC3S vith her, but was hopelessly <-ra^y on
religion. Her fans-Hctem rxten<ic<i also to
mind-healir.fi. and tangled up with any
other Id^r. s)r.e may ever have hnd. She
went back with the UmaUlla and it ie
hard to toll who is elilpplag her now or
where the is being shipped to; but she :»
probably on the move."
The irmiisTam:* were all disposed of, so
we left the Gaelic to go or. the dock and
watch the customs officers at work In
specting the baggage.
"Look here. Mr. St. John, this sounds
hollow. I believe the trunk has a false
bottom." Th« words came out of a big
wood and leather affair, the contents of
which were carelessly dumped in a sort
cf pyramid beside it. There was a custom
service official stooping over the trunk,
half inside, tapping away with his finger
tips.
Mr. St. John, Deputy Surveyor of the
Port, walked leisurely round and tapped, a
little on his own accord; then the hatchet
tapped a little, too, and a splinter rame
out, disposing- a neat layer of ellk and
lace-!*. The trunk belonged to a big. bluff
passcnge:, tvho tried to explain that the
bottom was there all the time and that
the Custom-hou.ve officers could have seen
It before if they had wanted to. He had
known all about It and would have told
them if they had asked.
But the inspectors did not ccc it from
that point of view.
"Why didn't you declare th^<=e when you
were asked to name your dutiable goods?"
demanded the officer.
"I to.d you I couldn't remember every
thing I had and that you would have a
chance to lind anything I had overlooked
when it came to the examination of my
bap-gage. You liave discovered these ex
tra thlnps, and I am ready and willing to
pay th«j duty on them. What more do you
want?"
The emuppler was bold and knew the
technicalities of the law. So long as there
had been no direct denial and no positive
evidence of Intentional deception he could
cot be held as a criminal.
"We tad another bold case com« tlm«
The Last of the Royal
Pilchucks
when "Jack's" name was among the
political speakers people would corns
miles to hear him. His speeches,
clever and bright, made the opposi
tion party smart. His sarcastic humor
caused more than one man to loss a
coveted position. He could never be
bought, and if he truly thought that
some man on his own ticket was un
worthy he felt the sting of Jack's
tongue too,
His wife, the Princess Julia, is al
most as remarkable as her royal hus
band. After the Indian fashion, she
helps her husband with the work, but
the hardest part is always done by
Jr.ck. This is quite contrary to tha
usual order of things among Indians.
Jack and Julia are still lovers. Mar
ried so many years ago as to have
forgotten just when, they are as fond
of each other as though they had
been married but a ysar ago.
Their home (for they scorn to live
on the reservation) is a little hut on
the banks of the Pilchuck Creek. Tha
creek and the woods around give
them their living. In fish season
they fish for salmon. They do this
with what is called a gaff hook. It is
a large hook fastened to p. long stick,
and the fish are speared with it. Ia
clam season they dig for clams, and
in berry season gather wild berries
and sell them to the whites.
The Pilchuck Indians are a branch
of the Siwash tribe. In appearanc©
they resemble the Digger Indian of
the southland. Here the resemblanco
ends, for the Pilchucks are honest as
the day is long and never have givea
the whites any trouble.
"Not more than the ordinary, nor so
much," v/as the reply, "but the baggage
has all to be prone over, and the search
ing process is the same, besides other du
ties of an f>fflcial nati:re."
"Do the ladles ever try smuggling?" I
asked.
"Not as n rule," was the reply. "We
have had cases where the Inspectress had
her hands full. All the skirts, dutiable
clothing, wraps, etc.. that they can man
age to wear are legitimately theirs, but
when it comes to carrying ihlngs In the
tops of bonnets, in the soles of their
shoes and between the linings of their
dresse? we have to object, you know. We
do not usually search the women unless
there is something suspicious in their ap
pearance or deportment; in case we eus
pect them of attempted smuggling we
turn them over to an Inspectress."
Trunks were being opened, overhauled
and shut up systematically, the contents
of the sacks and valises were being dump
ed out and poured in again; cabs and
transfer wagons were waiting, or taking
them away as rapidly as they were re
leased. It war a busy time in the corral.
When things became a little quieter and
the big pile of luggage had diminished to
a few scattering items, some of the offi
cers lit cigars and became more commu
nicative.
"Wo seize baggage occasionally," eaisl
one, "but it is only when the owner has
shown his hand very plainly and there is
no chance of mistake. Seized baggage ia
kept in the hands of the Government, mid
unless it is claimed it is appraised and
sold and the money goes into the Govern
ment funds."
"There isn't much danger of its being
claimed," added another, "for the owner
is apt to consider the goods well lost If
he can keep out of prison. Sometimes
they do try the trick, though, of allowing
their baggage to be seized for delinquent
duty, and then buying it up. at the auc
tion sale."
"And what do you do if you catch them
at it?"
The officer made an eloquent gesture In
imitation of a razor rapidly drawn across
the throat, accompanied by a Bort of
"Z-l-l-p" sound. I am Inclined to think,
as a matter of fact, however, that the
Govc-"">nt officials are less violent than
that, ; , r *TAJ* BYXBEB.
Continued from Page One
Watches *he
TrTirpTgi'ai'jt aiqd
Catches i .
the SimiggTep.
ago," said Mr. St. John. "It was a Japa
nese steerage passenger on tho America
M.iru, a steamer frcm Japan. As he came
down the gangplank we hastily examined
him and discovered that he was padded.
Upon special examination It was found
that he had or.c hundred and twenty
seven pieces of embroidered silk wrapped
around him. We held him for^trlal, and
his attorney dug uo evidence ><> provu
that the man had been advised by his
physician to wear bandagc3 for some dis
ease he had. The esthetic invalid, how
ever, could not prove that the prescrip
tion called for silk embroidered bandages,
and the defense was a failure."
"Do you have, to go through all this
baggage?" I asked. It was piled up all
around us— trunks, valises, boxes, sacks
and bundles.
"We search everything that is taken to
the corral," replied the officer, "and it
all comes in here except the grips that
are searched when the rasscngers leave
the gangplank."
The "corral" was a portable fence, set
up in a square, down at the Pacific Mail
dock, and inside it was the baggage and
the passengers who had come to claim
their belongings.
"We have been very busy," said Mr. St.
John, "fcr the past two years. Joseph S.
Spear, who Is the Surveyor of Customs
and at the head of all our, work, has had
a great responsibility on his hands with
the incoming and outgoing transports
since the beginning of the Philippine trou
bles. It has made an extra lot of work
for us all."
"Has there been much smuggling at
tempted on the transports?" I queried.
yi KOTHER American girl has charmed royalty by the zconder of her voice — has shown that
California is still a producer of remarkable, songbirds.
Word comes from London of the success of 'a San Francisco girl, but it zcill not be a sur
prise to the many friends of Miss Lillic Laii'lor, for it is but tlic fulfillment of what every cue ex
pected when she left here barely two years ago to cultivate her voice in the best schools abroad.
After studying in London, Paris and Brussels, she has- divided her time between Paris and
London, zvhtre, through her charming personality and the remarkable timbre of her voice, she has be
come a conspicuous figure in both the social and artistic zvorlds.
It is but another example of the popularity of the American girl abroad. Miss Laidor was one
of the most prominent of San Francisco's society belles when she decided to leave the gayctics of the
afternoon tea, dinner and ball to go to the best masters abroad and take up seriously the study of drazv
ing-room singing.
Her first appearance was at one of M?s. Mackay's functions in London. Then followed rap
idly other successes at the drazcing-rooms of Mrs. Ronalds, Lady IVatcrloo, Lady Hamilton, the
l T iscouniess Decrhurst and many others. But the greatest success was still to come.
Miss Lazclor has made many friends, and amons them Mr. and Mrs. H olden, whose estate,
Eastzvell Perk, at Ashford, Kent, is the second largest hunting park in England, It consists of sev
eral thousand acres and upward of 2000 deer were killed on the preserves last year. The Holdcn
House has ample accommodations for hundreds of guests, and that music is zirll appreciated is
cz'inccd by the fact that there are half a dozen grand pianos in the different drawing-rooms of the man
sion. Their house parties arc famous throughout England, and invitations to them most highly prized.
Recently the Holdcns gave a five-day hunting party in honor of the Duke of Cambridge, the first cousin
of Queen Victoria, and his sons, the Rear Admiral Fitz George and Colonel Fitz George; Miss Lazv
lor zvas invited as Mrs. H olden s special guest.
Miss Lazvlor sang ez'ery evening, and the Duke,. scaled near the piano, enjoyed the 'singing
greatly, and his Royal Highness, as well as the other guests, complimented her most highly. It is cer
tainly very promising, this success the California songstress has in store for her, and an evidence of the
cordial good will of the English people tozvard their American cousins.
England's Nobility Charmed by the Voice of a
California Nightingale.
spending his declining years in th»
pretty little town of Snohomish,
Wash.
"Indian Jack," as he Is called by the
white people of the town, is a most
remarkable man. Absolutely happy
and contented, industrious and intel
ligent, he sees the days slip by, the
years come and go, and never mur
murs or complains of the vanished
glory of hi 3 tribe. On the contrary,
he is fond of his supposed enemy, the
white man.
H- ta-ps a great interest in nil
things political, and thoss who re
member a few years back say that
rr^HE last of the royal Pilchuck
1 family, who calls hims:lf the
most contented of men, is
forgotten. The combat, less nnvH In eorr
ception, is equally brilliant in execution.
Unlike many a tournament, it has the
merit of seeming to be more than play.
Thus far only the first half of the book
has appeared. The publishers announce
that the translator. Mr. Jeremiah Curtln.
has a good part of the second half ready
for publication, but that the author has
not finished the novel yet. Mr. Curtin's
style is flexible and forcible and is very
appropriate to its subject matter. (Little,
Brown & Co.. Boston).
Books Received.
"The DlUturnal Motion of the Earth."
by William Andrews. Myra Andrews and
Ernest G. Stevens, is West Korty-flftn
street. New York.
"Christian Science," by William A. Pur
rir.gton. E. B. Treat & Co., New York.
It
"Sense and Satire." by William I* Brey
fogle. Rand, McNaDy & Co.. Chicago.
"True Motherhood." by James C. Fer
nald. Funk & Wagnalls Company. New
York. tiO cents.
"Nooks and Corners of Old New Yorte."
by Charles Hemstreet. Charles Seribner"*
Sons, New York. S2.
"The Successful American," vol. I. N<x
1. The Press Biographical Company. Now
York. $3 a year.
"Coin on Money. Trusts and Imperial
ism," by W. H. Harvey. Cola Publishing
Company. Chicago. 23 cents.
"Some RcmlniJoenccs of a Long 1-Jfe.**
by John Hooker. Belknap & \\ artield.
Hartford.
When English literary paper? review
American novels they rarely fail to pok«
fur at what they call "Americanisms."
if they run across any. Thus the Athe
naeum calls attention to the ejaculation
"Love me big. big:" which the heroine
of a work of rtctlon emanating from this
country addresses to the hera This the
Athenaeum calls an "Americanism." but
it may be doubted if such an expression
be current in this republic. Many other
"Americanisms*." aa our English cousins
call them, may fairly be said to be un
known In the United State.*. American
novels to the contrary notwithstanding.
Eooks are not furniture, and a library
dof-s not consist of cases. Bookcases ax»
bodies necesr.ary only for the protection
of the souls of volumes within them. The
less cure the better, so long aa It does
its work. Too many persons have tha
furniture idoa in their heads when they
think cf a library and will first provide a
cumbersome, top-rif-avy, over-orriamerited
receptacle with awkward doors, that In
its massjvenp?s dwarfs the volumes It
contains ar.d ;>roves to be anything but
an ornament to the room it Is in. and if
the room be a small one so much tha
worse for the general aesthetic effect;
betic-r plain, open shelves, that exhibit
their contents and make them easy ot
access.
Pope Leo will live in literature a* a
writer of Latin vfcrse. His Holiness la
sai-1, notwithstanding his many care* and
burdens of old age and delicate health, to
turn to this form of composition as a reo
rcation.
OF the abundance of Incident In
Sienkiewlcz's new novel, "The
Knights of the Cross." may well
be Bald what Dryden says of
Chaucer's exuberance— "Here is God's
plenty." On every page is a down
right word; on every third or fourth page
the record of a downright blow. Now the
tale tells of a hotly contested duel, end
ing with a piece of magnificent killing;
now of Instant ana" imperious love, boldly
declared; now of youth's fantastic chal
lenges as he rides about, longing to twirl
the world on his lance point; now of the
dark and bloody deeds wrought In a se
cret prison chamber, of abductions,
feasts, resc*ues, hunts, of plotting in tho
King's palace, good cheer and wrangling
in the farmer's cabin, subtle cruelty in
the monastery— of violence everywhere,
on the road, in the field and the wood,
in the castle and the church. The nuthor
seems never to falter or be at a loss for
action to fill bis pages. Often one ad
venture is not even completed before the
next adventure begins, and the reader
feels as if the euthor were drawing from
an exhaustless source of supply. Thu
rushing life of the tale, unconscious of
effort and heedless of economy, is as re
sistless as a force of nature.
The work is a historical novel, poi-
Iraying the obscure period when Po'aivl
and Lithuania, united under one crown
by Jaduiga's patriotic marriage, were
Ptruggling into national self-consciou«ness
and unity. The book, written from th\»
point of view o>' a loyal Pole, deals with
the contest between this inchoate nation
and the great religious and military order
of the Teutonic Knights. These Teutonic
Knights, known frcm the black cross ;m
their white cloaks as the Knights of the
Cross, had established a government, r*pt
resented as strong and orderly, but fright
fully oppressive, or, the western confines
of Lithuania. They had converted, or,
more properly, conquered the heathen na
tives' to Christianity, and were engaged
in carrying on the same process among
tho Lithuanians. The Lithuanians, mean
time, by the marriage of their King with
the saintly Queen of Poland, had n ac
cordance with the usual summary meth
ods been obliged to turn Christian. Thu«i
the Knights no longer had any excuse for
assailing them. For all that, the Knights,
who are depicted as thoroughly corrupt,
committed hideous outrages on the bor
ders, not only of half-heathen Lithuania,
but of Poland, long settled in Christian
ity. The baser Knights are portrayed as.
given over to sensual indulgence and cru
elty; the nobler to a fanatical devotion
to their order. Almost without exception
they arc completely unscrupulous, hcr>!
tating at no cruelty, deceit -or breach of
faith which seems likely to gain the-r
ends.
Against this compact organization,
6trong with all the strength of the high
est civilization of the day, and evil a3 hell
itself, is set off the great-hearted but
half barbarous Polish nation, with its
wild energy and beauty. The freedom
and pympathy with which the author
represents the barbaric character and the
rude conditions of the age give the book
itself something of a barbaric nature.
The men are of uncommon magnitude of
stature and great beauty of form. Their
THE STUSTDAY CALL.
THE BOOKS OF THE WEEK
Reviewed by Professor /£. R. J^athrop of Stanford University.
strength Is marvelous. The hero squeezes
sap from a twig, and one of the princesses
can break horseshoes with her hands. In
the endurance of^cold and hunger, wounds
and torture they are almost superhuman.
Old Yurand of Spyhov, weaponless In the
midst of his enemies, slays one by swing
ing him over his head and dashing, his
skull to pieces on the floor, and seizing
a great sword sweeps the hall clear of the
armed crowd that oppose him. At last he
is entangled in a net, and laid bound in
a noisome dungeon. But even when nia
eye is burned out with pitch, his tongue
torn forth by the roots and his right hand
cut off. he utters but one dull groan, and
has might left in him for battle, ihe
laughter of the men is boisterous and
their hunger huge. Matzko of Bogdanets
is in some ways the most characteristic
figure in the book. In his frank devotion
to his nephew he has received a danger
ous wound. Alter three weeks he takes
the saddle, but spits unmixed blood on
every exertion. "It was difficult to live
with a piece of iron sticking under the
ribs. He complained that he spat blood
continually and had no appetite. A quart
of shelled nuts, two spans of sausage, a
plate of fried eggs— that was his whole
daily ' sustenance. Father Tsybck bled
him a number of times, thinking to draw
the fever from under his heart and restore
desire for fqou; that gave no relief
cither."
This hunger of Gargantua and tho
strange names rlvp a wild archaic un
coutiiro: i; ; to tnc talf. Matzkv. Mikolai.
Yagenka, Povala of Tachev. Pietrko of
Miloslavie. . Prokop. Yasko of I.azevitse.
and multitudes of names with k. z and v
in them make an American reader stare
and gasp. The very hero is Zbyshko.
The incidents of the novel are nearly all
inarkui by sjmethir.g of the elemental un-
COUtbness alieady hinted at. Matzko is
healrrt of his grievous wound by tirinkinr;
three quarts cf bear's fat, which oiled tIM
buried w<apon and marie it siip out. "Thj
lirst (mart MatzUo drank with pleasure,
for it was fresh, not burnt, and had th"
odor of angelica, which the g.rl. skilled
in plants, had added to the pot in meas
ure. Matzko was strengthened in spirit
at once, and received hope of recovery.
" 'That was needed,' said he, "when
everything is oiled properly; that dog
mother of an arrow point may slip oui of
me somewhere.'
"The succeeding quarts did not taste
so well to him as the first, but iie drank
because of good sense."
When the crisis was past, a splinter
from an arrow working its way through
an aLscess, ho called for fuod.
"He could not look at bear's fat, Uut
they broke up twelve eggs to be fried for
him, for through caution Yagenka would
not permit more. He ate these with relish,
together with half a loaf of bread, and
drar.k a pot of beer."
Yet it is not only the rudeness of sim
plicity which is expressed in the book.
Its beauty— open-hearted clearness of
character, loyalty, courage, unsophisti
cated directness, the nobility of genuine
ness—takes its rightful place as the in
spiring force of the story. Yagenka,
Brunhllde in strength, beauty and daring,
better than Brunhlkln in the generous ten
derness of her unrequited love, is a
worthy parallel as woman to Zbyshko
as man. This heady but nobly single
hearted youth makes a fine hero, for he Is
free from the Insipidity and character
lessness of the usual hero of romance.
The subject and the substance of "The
Knights of the Cross" remind one of an
other Slav story— the prose epic of "Tarass
Bulba." "Tarass Bulba" possesses the
same strange union of uncouthness and
heroism, but differs from "The Knights
of the Cross" in Its more compact unity
and ir.tenser fire. Both seem more gt-nu
ine, less sentimentalized than, for exam
ple, Scott; both tempt one to draw unfa
vorable comparisons with Homer's noble
manner of dealing with similar subjects.
Although "The Knights of the Cross" la
so rich In incident, the outline of thestory
so far as it has appeared is extremely
clear and simple. Indeed, when a reader
stops to think of the story he is surprised
to find how panoramic a view of the place
and time has been given so simply. The
author seems purposely to have depleted
all ranks of society and all phases of life.
The farming, the organization of labor,
the wild life In the unbroken forest, the
work of the church, the administration
of justice, the meeting of chivalry with
the untutored wildness of the half-savage
races, the methods of the religious or
ders, the dress and domestic habits of the
porlod. are all depicted casually as part
of a story which never becomes conscious
or didactic. Of the accuracy of the pic
ture very few are competent to judge and
as a work of literature the novel may be
from rhe truth as far as the south pole
from they north poL? and lose not a jot
of its merit. The history of a historical
nov«-I is the least significant of its ele
ments If the author can carry the read
er's i!Tsii?ir.:it!on with him into a new
world he has added a new world to his
reader's wealth, as precious if in Fairy
land ns If in San Francisco or South
Devon.
It is not likely that the new book will
oxeite uo much popular interest as "Quo
Vadirx." The period of "Quo Vadis" is
one about which many readers have a
natural curiosity to begin with, and it of
fers an opportunity for brilliant con
trasts, great variety and descriptions of
alluring beauty. In "The Knights of the
Cross" the historical period is little
known: one might say totally unknown
without great exaggeration. The subject
presents far fewer opportunities for va
riety of incident than does the subject of
the earlier novel. As a matter of fact,
the incidents, though vivacious ar.d bril
liant, are In a sense very much of one
type ; Nor is any of them so original in
inspiration as the struggle of Ursus with
the bull, the death of Petronius, or the
burning of the Christian martyrs. This
is not to pay that the scenes are not of
thrilling Interest. The death of the bear
and the ax duel between Zbyshko and
Rotgier are marvelously vivid. The
strange horror of ¦ the soft footsteps in
the wood, where foul spirits abounded;
the later coming of the bear, the man
ful attack on the great beast with only
a barbed fork and an ax for weapons, and
the surprise of Yagenka's help make the
picture cf the two beside the fallen bear
in the sudden firelight one never to be
9hard on them. When the bell rings tr#
go right down, so there is no time lost in
getting^ them from the basket to snug.
warm quarters. But night air— for. of
course, they are. always left at night— is
very Bevere on the poor little things."
, "How often does the stork pay visits to
the basket under the steps?" I asked.
"He comes pretty often." Miss Carter
replied; "one, fwo, three, sometimes four
and five times a week. We had fifty-five
babies on hand last week— only forty-six
now. People come and adopt them—some
times they are claimed— and then you
know we can't save some of the little fel
lows—they die," she added sadly.
On through more rooms we went, see-
"Oh. no,** said Miss Carter, "never had
R case on record of that kind. There has
never been anything left with them but
notes, and they are'an exception. Most of
them come with nothing at all."
"Do you ever see the people who bring
them?" I queried.
"No. we do not look for them; we do not
wish them to fear seeing us or being seen.
It Is our purpose to save the babies, and
they would not be brought here to be
saved If people were afraid of detection.
Sometimes we hear the roil of a carriage
or cab and sometimes we catch the sound
of hastily retreating steps or the click of
the gate as It closes, but nover more thai*
that." JIAN BYXBEE.
•4 V EAR the side door of San Fran
/\ I Cisco, in the shadow of the hill
I \J that is the wooded background of
I y the Affiliated Colleges, lives John
Slocum, with his four motherless
daughters.
John Elocum is a carpenter by trade,
find the neat little wooden nest that
houses his brood would prove him a good
one. But the gossip <>f the fe-w neighbors
who scantily fringe that side of the hill
whispers that it was a girl's strong right
erm that sawed and hammered and nailed
a pile of lumber into a cottage.
Rumor is rot awry. It was Elizabeth,
eldest daughter of the house of Slocum,
who In overalls and jumper built the
home. When the lr.st nail was driven her
lather Raid "Good:" and Elizabeth Slo
cum was» a carpenter by brevet.
The neighbors have it, moreover, that
¦11 the Slocum girls are being taught
boys' trades. Mrs. Grundy put on her
bonnet and called on Slocum per<\ Mrs.
Grundy told him that girls were intended
to be seamstresses or typewriters or shop
frirls, and not carpenters or blachsmiths.
Mr. Slocum laughed and said "Non
eense!" and went on bringing up his
children to the best of his beliefs and
convictions. Boilod into a sentence, his
theory is. that a trade that is good for a
boy is good for a strcng girl.
It was Miss Elizabeth Slocum herself
who opened the door to a Sunday Call re
porter. This "carpenter," who has set
the hillside agog, looks IS, but confesses
20 years. She is tall and wc-11 rounded:
blue woolen sleeves rolled back showed
above the ring of sunburn a pair of line
arms and neat elbows. Miss Elizabeth's
eyes are brown and direct, and looked the
surprise which punctuated her speech.
"From the newspaper? "Why, what have
we done that we should be written up?
"You would like to see the house that I've
built? Why. certainly." and Miss Eliza
beth led the way. A simple little five
room house It is, planned for comfort, yet
with an eye to beauty and full of delight
ful surprises. The burlap hangings on
the wall !n the living-room slide on bam
boo rods and reveal two folding beds built
right into the wall. The hangings on the
ether sides conceal the chests of drawers
end closet room. Not a bulge or wrinkle
In the burlap suggests that at night this
pretty living-room does the presto
change into a comfortable bedroom for
two of the girls.
The "ohs" and "ahs" of genuine delight
prepared the way for a leading question
and warmed Miss Elizabeth's heart. They
were to this young carpenter what a
rmack of the lips is to the cook, for
whether a woman bake a cake or build
a house, she delights In praise thereof.
"Yes," answered Miss Slocum, "father
Is going to have the other girls taught
boys' trades. I don't think he wants any
more caipentors in the family; he's one
himself, you know, and two in one fam
ily are enough. Anna and Kate are still
et grammar school, but they'll graduate
this year, and then they'll have to decide
what trade they'll follow. Lucy is only
eeven, so she has plenty of time. Kate
wanted to be a milliner, but father won't
hear of a girl's trade for her. Anna says
ehe'll do anything that'll keep her out of
doors.
"Anna's latest idea is that she's going
to be a painter. She's big and strong and
could sit at the edge of a scaffolding that
would make a man dizzy. Father likes
the idea and says Anna will be a boss
painter come day. What do you suppose
she wanted to be at first? One of those
men that go around and climb poles to
fix the telegraph wires!
"You see we haven't been brought up
like other girls. We've been encouraged
to play boys' games, climb fences and
©H£ cF.tf"i£ GMs ap| E>p^rt QaYpsr\iqp*
do all the harum-scarum things that
healthy boys do. So we're not afraid of a
mouse."
Miss Elizabeth Slocum Is at the age
when most girls arc sipping their full of
the honey of girlish delights. But this
maiden of 20 cures nothing about the cut
of a gown, while the shape of a window
or size of a door is of absorbing interest
to her. A lathe and a saw in her father's
workshop were the toys of her dolly days.
When she was 12 she built a house strong
enough to defy wind and rain and large
enough for three little girls to "play lady"
In. Before sshe carno to San Francisco
Miss Slocum had built two little bunga
lows that tucked In a crevice in the Ver
mont hills, which proves that Eastern
friends had faith in her ability and Inge
nuity to build a summer home.
The Slocums came to California some
thing like a twelvemonth ago, soon after
learning that an uncle who had died here
had made them heir to a little money
and ji large lot, whereon Miss Elizabeth
built the house.
"Father was perfectly satisfied with
this house." she said. "He didn't like the
two that 1 built back East so well. This
Is a much better job, I know It myself.
Dad said 'good' when it was finished,
and that means something from him."
Miss Elizabeth, has to act as house
keeper, for their mother lies at' rest In
far-off Vermont. So perforce Miss Eliza
beth must scour knives and sweep floors
Instead of daily using the hammer and
awl. But her father says she's learned
a boy's trade, and It doesn't matter
whether she uses it every day or not.
And Miss Elizabeth looks on dust cloths
and dishpans good humoredly, for Just
as soon as the rain gives notice that It
has quit for good she is to* go to Mill
Valley to duplicate their Slocum house
with such Improvements as the country
permits.
"It's a lady who lives near here," said
the young carpenter, "who is going to
let me build it. She wants a little sum
mer home and I've a head full of ideas
that she's just delighted with. I know I
can carry them out, too. Of course, I'll
have a man to help me just as any other
carpenter would, but he'll work under
my directions. If there were any wo
men carpenters I'd employ one, but I
suppose I'll have to hire a man. ,
"It will pay me very well, and I hop«
if It's a great success I'll eet chances to
build others. I'd like to make a specialty
of putting up odd little country houses
for people who can't afford to spend
much on them. You see, I do all the
planning that they usually have an archi
tect for, and that saves expense. Most
carpenters, even those that are good
workmen, can't design a house that looks
like anything but a big dry goods box."
Miss Elizabeth Slocum refused to con
sider the possibility of evolutlng from a
carpenter to an architect. "Father taught
me the carpenter's trade," she says;
"that's what I am and Intend to stay.
Only I can't help it if I have original
Ideas."
Elizabeth Slocum, carpenter. Is one ex
ample of the theory of John Slocum.
Anna Slocum, strong- of body and iron,
of nerve, a leader in all boys' games,
will take kindly to the boys' trade whick
she or her father will select.
But what of Kate who. despite het
training, wants to be a milliner? And
though little Lucy got a drum, a footbali
and a bright tin sword for Christmas,
she was found cooing to a dilapidated
rag doll.
"Which would hint that two of John
Sloeum's children will not easily adjust
themselves to his theory. It would also
seem to suggest that it's not entirely a
matter of education— some girls will be
girly-girly after all.
For or against, It will be Interesting to
watch the practical working out of John
Sloeum's theory that "a trade that's good
for a boy Is good for a strong glrL" At
present the odds are even.
HIS DAUGHTERS MUST LEARN BOYS' TRADES.
OUT on "Golden Gate avenue oppo
site Jefferson Square there is an
ordinary looking house with an
ordinary flight of high stops run
ning up to meet an ordinary door;
but there is something extraordinary un
derneath the flight of steps. That some
thing Is a basket arrangement, with wire
springs inside, and when you press th-3
springs a bell begins to ring in the hou.->e
above. There is a gilt sign outside point
ing to the basket under the steps, and U:e
sign says,
y "RECEPTACLE FOR BABIES."
The ordinary looking house la the tem
porary location of the State Foundling 1
Asylum, and is under the supervision and
direction of Miss Jessie Carter, the pleas
ant, smiling little matron.
"Do you want to see our babies?" she
asked, leading the way. "Come In here."
A rpw of miniature white cots stood In
the line of sunshine that streamed in at
the north window. There was a baby In
each cot, sometimes two. crowing, squeel
ing, cutting teeth, sucking thumbs, kick
ing healthy little heels free from the
snowy covers and out into the sunshine—
an interesting assortment of infant hu
manity, all the way from five to eight
months old.
As we went through the halls'l observed
an expanse of labeled pigeon holes. They
•were for the milk bottles of the bits of
humanity. Each pigeon hole belonged In-
dlvidually to a baby and was labeled with
the name of the owner.
"This Is the bathroom." said the ma
tron, as we entered a cozy little place with
a glowing grate fire and little bathtub!
all around. "The girls have been busy to
day." "The girls" were the nursery maids
and there were three of them, each witn
a kicking infant on her lap. The infantile
aversion to the bath was very much and
very audibly in evidence. There were a
half-dozen or so, and the chorus was in
teresting. One little mite, all finished and
dressed up again, was curling up a row of
very red little toes to the pleasant hea*
of the grate.
"He was left about two months ago.
whispered Miss Carter, "with a note say
ing he would be claimed later, and to call
him Harold Adams."
"Sometimes they are left with notes
like that," continued she, leading oa
Where San Francisco's Foundlings Find the Protection of a Home
THE SUNDAY OAIiL.
Ing happy looking babies: then again
babies that wore already the stamp of
care and age and little philosophical faces
that seemed not to consider anything ma
terial to them. There was on© weazen
faced little fellow that looked a hundred
years old, wrinkled, aged and care-worn,
with his little skeleton face all twisted
and contorted. "He la unfortunate." said
Miss Carter. "He will be a little imbecile
when he gets big enough to be anything."
Some of them were out with the nursery
maids for an airing in the little court sur
rounded by the house. Lively little bits
of struggling humanity were cuddled In
the arms of pretty, gingham-gowned
girls, whose smiling, pleasant faces left
the Impression of little children with dolls
In a playhouse. Playhouse, however. It
Is not. The fifteen young ladies, whose
duty It Is to attend the wants of the little
waifs, are very busy studying and gath
ering bits of valuable knowledge about
babies In general from the regular medi
cal and professional standpoint.
"Ous girls are all very happy," said Miss
Carter. "You know they are all taking
an eight months' course of training, and
the doctors fird no trouble in getting
them positions when they graduate. Peo
ple are very glad to pay well for the
services of a trained bal>y nurse. They
have nothing to do but attend to the
Infants. "We keep a laundress, cook and
cleaning girl for th»* nousework. They
are paid $5 per month for pin money and
to keep their clothes in repair."
Miss Carter smilril plcasjintly to one of
the pretty nurse girls and told her not
to keep th«» bahy out In the air too long.
"We passed them by and went Into
the other divisions of the house.
In one room of which they had a
collection of delicate babies. The infanta
•were not In evidence themselves, hut I
noted a number of telescope baskets on
tables, smoothly filled to the top with
coverings. Inside were the babies, com
pletely hidden from view. It was a sort
of Incubator arrangement, and the little
waifs were tucked in snugly undpr rolls
of covers a dozen times as big as them
selves, to keep alive the flickering spark
of vitality.
At 4 o'clock came feeding time, and th*
bottles were all filled with milk in prop»r
proportion for each of the little Thomases,
Richards and Harrys. In the little cots a
busy time began, each little f>!!ow striv
ing to satisfy the miniature inner man.
Some of them, probably considering Ufa
a waste of time, had first to be coaxed
and netted and urged before they wers
finally put to work.
A long while ago I had read stories of
lost babies with lockets, little finger rings,
etc.. and I was looking for something
of that nature to appear, but It did not,
so X asked.
10
t trough more rooms, "but not often. They
arc usually just put In with an old wrap
ping or blanket of some kind around
them, and they are generally new-born.
We have a trying time endeavoring to
save some of the poor little waifs; che
shock of the cold and exposure is verymarble-chopper instructed to inscribe thereon, sur
rounded by a wreath of Johnny-jmnp-ups, his name and
title in the one comprehensive word,
MUD!"
simply becomes -v:i accommodating corpse, and stays
dead.
My boy. from Eve clear down to the little girl who
blushes so prettily when her hand accidentally touches
yours, woman has always wanted what she is afraid she
cannot get, .. nd for that which is hers for the mere
taking she cares little: and thus it will ever be. for so
runneth the feminine mind. Therefore, it mightily ag
gravates her when the man whose proposal she has
scorned, and who. by all the law with which she is ac
quainted, should go to the .dogs, simply saunters alone
in his accustomed way. calmly acquiring scudi and lay
ing on fat. She first fiercely hates him. and later for
him hungrily yearns. This thing of goinc to the docs
is not what it has been cracked up to be. anyhow:
often the dogs, seeing the man coming afar off. t:ike to
their heels, and he never succeeds in catching up with
them.
There was a girl once who rejected her lover with the
declaration that she would never, never on earth marry
THE SUNDAY CALL.
HOW a man should properly proceed when the
unappreciattve Only One has rejected his pro
posal of marriage depends upon the various cir
cumstance* surrounding the case. It i-> well known
that what is one man*, embalmed beef may incapaci
tate a whole army, and it is equally certain that the be
havior which would become a rejected suitor under
$n:r.c conditions might, under others, cause him to look
like a comic valentine:
In the first place, the swain should be very sure she is
the Only One, .md then be absolutely certain he i*
sure; for at such times there are usually others, and
they arc generally in town. Sometimes the latter have
just as tempting lips, and the same sAeet curls — some
what resembling fishhook:* — on their brows. And occa
sionally the Only One has a Younger Sister, who has
been snubbed and shoved back into obscurity until she
is ready to appreciate a little good treatment and not
too proud to accept the Only One's leavincs. Herein
Having satisfied himself that She i« really and truly
the Only One, the man should then weigh her negative
carefully in the palm of his hand and consider whether
or not her "no" means "yes." Many a rejected lover
has forgotten that a woman's negative is oft an affirma
tive but thinly painted over, and gone auav and be
come a misanthrope, thus entering a business which is
to-day so overcrowded that it should offer no induce
ments to an ambitious young man. Many another
young man has also failed to recognize this peculiari: v
of the feminine negative, and. trying it acain. perhani
merely to have the pitiful pleasure of rubbine salt 0:1
the back of his already lacerated feelings, cot her — such
is sometimes the result of not having sufficient sense
to let well cnouyn alone.
1 oner knew a man to propose to the same cirl
twer.ty-six times on twenty-six consecutive evening,
and be rejected every pop till the last, and then be ac
cepted with sobs of joy. And, of course, after all thst
persistence, lie couldn't very well apologize — he had to
fight. If a man tampers with it louir enough he will be
very liable to get the proposing habit fixed on him as
firmly as the liver pill habit or the justly celebrated
Rock of \Vhat"s-it £ name. You can no on uokintr
your head into a lion's mouth day after day. and p-ill
it out again by mean* of your neck, bat eventually.
\vh«"n ><">n wrst not, your cow-lick will tickle the epi
glottis of the kins of l>ca«u. and after that you will
never again have anything to wear your hat on.
It ii^cd to !>r quite the fashion for the rejected suitor
to Frisk ot;t hi< revolver, hiss n tragic farewell through
h-s clenched teeth, «,ii*iCt the girl, and then' commit sui
cide; but. happily, that fad seems to be coins out
along with croquet and thr autolurp, although it is still
occasionally indulged in by certain of those neaked>
headed gentlemen who wear made-up neckties and are
prone to be theatrical in everything they do
To such a one 1 would humbly suggest that he seek
somr nice, quiet spot in the woods and there commit
suirjfjc by poking bis head in the mud and afterward go
back and shooi^ the girl if he feels so inclined. There
j« no •-ort of clory or honor in mussinc up. with your
remains and those of the girl, the parlor of a worthy old
man whose only f;:u!t may be that he is the father of a
cirl who has been foolish enough to keen company
with the kind of a fool that would fall in love with a
fool cirl that would accept the attentions of the kind of
a fonl that would become infatuated with a fool cirl that
would tolerate that kind of a fool And. beside?, it is
•"Nceedinsly uhprcttvl But if nothing will do you but
that you must disfigure the scenery with your re
mains, for goodness brrome 3 parachute iurnprr
and plunk down away off in the depths of the forest.
where you won't shock anybody!
But. ah. how much nicer than even this it would be
for you?".when the maiden rejects you, to thank her for
w-hst she didn't do to you and walk dienifiedlv away.
TTc who proposes rmd gct £ away may live to be gl:*d
*re *";d him nay. There is more truth than poetry in
?!:is couplet, and yet it is almost good enough to co in a
r»-aga7ine. The vise man when he becomes aware tint
his tombstone has been picked out for him. and the
him. and two weeks lr.ter they were wedded in a balloon.
Likewise there was a Chinaman who married a white
woman and soon after split her head with a hatchet and
the announcement that he could not endure the disgrace
of being the husband oi a white woman who would
marry a Chinaman. There, tqo. was a young man who,
when his particular Only One said "N T o!" whirled in.
out of pique, and married her mother, a blooming
widow. Shortly afterward his father, a blooming idio:,
wedded the young woman, and in due time a son was
born to each union: and the young man grew old and
died trying to figure out what relation he was to all the
other parties in the complication, and, incidentally, to
himself. These are some -of the "other stories" which
our friend Kipling is forever threatening to tell, and
never does.
There are hundred 1 ? and thousands of happy homes in
this land, both grand and humble, in each of which
reigns as queen a dear woman who has said "yes."
though maybe she first said "no." to the man of her
choice: and there is the only place on this earth, my
boy. where is perfect happinc^, as we mortals are per
mitted to know happiness- — where the littler woman. God
bless her! — wirits at eve for the home-coming of th?
Only Man. and soothes his weary nerves p.;ul iollies him
out of. his worries, although her own may the while be
live times greater, and makes him feel that he is shel
ter jng and protecting her and doing most of the think
inp for the family.
So. now. my lad. if She rejects you, and if yon are
absolutely certain she i< the Only One. and if you truly
want her "no" to mean "yes." and if you arc able to
siibport her, and if you really mean business, and if
Why. if you are a man and have any pluck about you.
pn right in and pet her! But. on the other hand, if all
thfje things be not so. don't pine and wail and make a
Viicqer fool of yourself than nature intended you to be.
Tu«t swallow your medicine with a smile and leave the
held to some man who half-way deserves the prize.
HOW A MAN SHOULD
CONDUCT HIMSELF
WHEN THE ONLY ONE
SAYS "NO!"
-•GOH£TOTHE D 065 ••
11
COPYRIGHT J9OO.
BY THE PRESS
PUBLISHING CO.,
NEWYORk WORLD.THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
FAIR
MAIDS
OF THE
GOLDEN
STATEvidual to Influence Congressional action
on Boer measures, if he sees proper to do
so.
It Is not expected that Mr. White will
favor the passage of any measure of sym
pathy for the Boers, appreciating that
the President might deom it advisable to
veto such an act and the result instead
of being beneficial to the Transvaal cause,
would then be prejudicial to it. Mr. White
will be able to keep the administration
unofficially informed of the views of the
Boer Government in many diplomatic
matters, and in his way will do his Gov r
eminent as great a service aa if he were
acting officially.
Mr. Hay, United States Consul at Pre
toria, is expected to arrive to-day or to
morrow at Lourenzo Marquez and he will
proceed at once to Pretoria, The admin
istration is satisfied with the authority
given by the Transvaal Government to the
American Consul to act unofficially in the
interest of British prisoners, and Mr. Hay
will not raise the question of receiving of
ficial recognition as neutral agent of
Great Britain.
m
LORD ROBERTS REPORTS
SITUATION UNCHANGED
LONDON, Jan. 28, 4:30 a .m.— Tho only
BIG LOSSES
SUSTAINED
BY BULLER
LONDON, Jan. 27.— Since the
flanking movement began on Janu
ary 10, General Buller has reported
60 killed, 589 wounded and 60 miss
ing. It is remembered how his cas
ualty list grew from day to day
after the defeat last month and it
Is feared the losses in the past few
days have been frightful. Buller's
losses in killed and wounded in the
Tugela River disaster amounted to
nearly 1000, so that he had lost
about 1700 men before the retreat
from Spion Kop. General Buller is
criticized for the form of his mes
sage, which reads as though he
were trying to sjaddle the blame for
defeat upon General Warren.
detachment of the second Canadian con
tingent to South Africa embarked on the
Pomeray to-day, marching through the
city to the transport. After inspection
they were addressed by Lieutenant Gov
ernor Daly and Mayor Hamilton, who
wished them godspeed.
SAYS BRITAIN MUST
RETURN TERRITORY
BERLIN, Jan. 27.— Dr. Leyds, the dip
lomatic agent of the Transvaal, who has
arrived here for the celebration of the
Emperor's birthday, was received by
Count yon Bulow, the Minister of Foreign
Affairs, to-day.
The Lokal Anzeiger publishes a report
of an Interview with Dr. Leyds, in which
he is quoted as saying his presence in
Berlin has, nothing to do with politics,
but is due merely to the Invitation to the
diplomatic dinner which he had received
from the Imperial Chancellor. He pro
posed to remain some days, but hal no
political designs.
• Regarding mediation. Dr. Leyds aa'.d the
Boers had no occasion to appeal to any
one. Everything was going splendidly.
As to the conclusion of peace, his per
sonal opinion was that Great Britain
would have to return a large portion of
the territory she had seized from the
Boers, and the federal republics wouM,
of course, obtain every guarantee that not
a hair of the heads of their kinsman
would suffer. No words, he continued,
need be wasted on the absolute independ
ence of the two republics.
Ladysmith, Mafeking and Kimberley,
Dr. Leyds added, were simply prisons,
with the sole difference that the Britisn
had to consume their own provisions.
ENGLAND CAN GET
PLENTY OF MONEY
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— A Journal special
from London says: One of the partners
of Brown, Shipley & Co., the American
bankers, talking on the financial effect of
the war, said:
"England can easily get as much money
as she requires for war purposes without
disturbing to any appreciable extent the
world* money markets. Naturally when
a reverse Is recorded financiers are in
clined to hold and markets become stiff,
but a reaction seta In whenever a victory
Is announced.
"Stiff markets mean hisrh rates, and If
MAKES EXCUSES
FOR THE BLUNDERS
Aq English General Tries to
Explain t^e South flfrican
CampaigQ.
LONDON. Jan. 27.— An eminent Brit
ish general, reviewing the situation
to a representative of the Associat
ed PreEs, thus summed it up:
"Flr3t of all, we underestimated
the enemy. Secondly, we knew nothing
of the power of modern weapons when op
posed to each other in the hands of tol
erably equal forces. Thirdly, we deserted
strategy to satisfy sentiment. By that
I mean Ladysmith and Kimberley ap
pealed to us and we answered as quickly
and unthinkingly as does an electric re
ceiver to a transmitter. We have learned
many things, but chiefly we have learned
that long range guns and rifles minimize
tremendously the advantage which for
merly accrued to the aggressor. Yet I
thoroughly believe, and I am not speaking
without experience, that had any conti
nental nation undertaken the same task
with the same force it would by this time
have been wiped out. There are a lot of
things which might have been learned
had we watched your land fighting at
Santiago. But we did not. As a result we
did not have nippers to cut wire and we
knew nothinc about Mausers. But the
appreciation of our shortcomings only
makes us the more determined. It may be
six months and it may be a year, but
we shall achieve our object."
From the field of party strife and mili
tary criticism it is a relief to turn to an
extract from a letter of an officer at the
front, who writes:
"An orderly was bringing some water
to a wounded man lying on the ground
near me, shot through the abdomen. He
could hardly speak, owing to the dry-
ness of his mouth, but he said, 'Take it
to my pal first. He's worse hit than me.' "
After reading this one can understand
that General Buller did not slop over
when he wired, "The men are splendid."
Professor Goldwln Smith writes to the
Speaker one of the most misleading let
ters which could possibly be put before
the British public. It commences by say-
Ing:
"I suppose the donors of the Maine
thought they were paying a compliment
to America by calling It by that name,
but really they were pricking the Ameri
can conscience, as there are few things
more certain than that the Maine was
blown up by the ignition of the coal in
her^ bunkers. The same accident has
happened to three American vessels since,
one of them commanded by the same cap
tain of the Maine, though in these cases
the vessels were saved. Nothing is more
certain than that the Maine was not
blown up by the Spaniards."
There is more in the same strain, in
cluding as proof of his contention the
remark, "No more now is heard of the
monument which waa to be erected to
the crew of the Maine."
The Saturday Review strikes a bold de
fiance of the majority of the English cor
respondents in America by declaring that
"the general feeling in America Is by no
means with us in this matter (the war),
whatever its better informed units may
think."
So deep has the military craze taken
root that swell . dinner parties are now
using khaki tablecloths, with bright red
flowers placed in Imitation of cavalry
boots. .
Following Reports Concerning
the Predicament and Heavy
Losses Sustained by Buller's
Forces, a Meeting of the De
fense Committee Is Held.
Ministers Said to Have De
cided to Order White to Sur
render Ladysmith.
LONDON, Jan. 27.— The Defense Committee of the
War Office met this afternoon, Lord Salisbury pre
siding. There arc reiterated rumors that the grav
est kind of news from Natal is being concealed by
the War Office. It is even said that General Buller's
forces are in full retreat.
BERLIN, Jan. 27. — Some of the papers here claim
to have a telegram from Pretoria saying that Gen
eral Warren was enticed into Spion Kop, where the
Boers fell upon him; that seventeen of his cannon
were captured, and that Buller's hasty retreat over
the Tugela River alone can save him. The alleged
Pretoria telegram adds that the British losses were
800 men killed and 1500 wounded. The dispatch
comes through Brussels and does not receive much
credit in this city.
It is said that the German Foreign Office has con
firmation of the report that General Warren's di
vision has been crushed.
LONDON, Jan. 28. — An ] Colonel Plumer was there and
anxious England is still ; that his troops, not the Boers,
without any elucidation of j were patrolling in the neighbor
the Spion Kop mystery. Once ; hood of Mafeking. Gaberones is
more at a time of special tension
one of the South African cables
has broken down, and conse
quently news can be expected
only in driblets and very much
belated. Meanwhile all sorts of
strange rumors reach here from
continental sources. One of
these says that General Warren
was lured upon Spion Kop and
that he lost seventeen guns. The
War Office has heard no such re
port and the story may be dis
missed as a fabrication, the only
foundation for which is the
wishes of its authors.
A Boer dispatch dated Mod
der Spruit, on the Upper Tugela
River, previous to the seizure -of
Spion Kop, reports an attempt
of the British, with a force of
forty thousand men, to force a
way by the Spion Kop route to
Ladysmith. The firing on Gen
eral Botha's position on Monday
is described as having been so
tremendous as to dislodge the
very rocks.
In view of the apparent im
passe in Xatal it is reckoned as
probable that the relief of Lady
smith may be effected by means
of the continued action of strong
columns, operating from the
western and northern borders of
Cape Colony.
It is clear that Lord Methuen's
column is straining in the leash.
Generals French and Gatacre are
getting into touch. In all like
lihood General Kelly-Kerny and
Gene r al Tucker will soon con
centrate their divisions at De Aar
and Xaauwpoort respectively.
It is thought in military circles
that if General Gatacre is rein
forced by a brigade and General
French by a division and a com
bined movement made from
Modder River, frcm Orange
River camp and on Springfon
tein, by way of Colesberg and
Norvals Pont, the situation
would be cleared at once. This
would, in fact, be a reversion to
the original plan of campaign.
Important news, if it can be
relied on, comes from a Boer
source through Lourenzo Mar
quez, to the effect that Mafeking
was relieved last Tuesday. ' If
this is so it can, of course, be due
only to Colonel Plumer. It will
be remembered that a fortnight
ago some account was n'ven as
to Colonel Plumer's progress.
On the 17th news reached this
country from Gaberones that
only about one hundred miles
from Mafeking. Therefore it is
quite possible for Colonel Plumer
with his Rhodesian regiment to
have covered the distance in six
days.
Betore the receipt of this news
from Lourenzo Marquez a report
to the same effect had gained
currency in this city. One thing
is certain, the War Office has not
received such news. Therefore
nobody is inclined to put too
much credence upon it, although
as it has been known that the
Boers have lately been trekking
east and south to the aid of more
important operations in these di
rections it is thought quite pos
sible that the siege has been
raised.
ALLEGED ORDER TO
SURRENDER LADYSMITH
NEW YORK", Jan. 27.— A World special
from London says: This has be*n the
blackest day England has experienced,
even in this gloomy period. The only ray
of lfght in it has been the report by way
of Lourenzo Marquez, on good Transvaal
authority, that Mafeking was relieved last
Tuesday
Of course the profound^st pecr^cy was
ohpen-ed concerning the deliberations of
the Committee of National Defense of the
Cabinet, which held a most important
meeting at the War Office this afternoon.
But penitent and seemingly well ground
ed rumors in the military clubs this even
ing declare that Gonrral White, In Lady
emith, has hellographed that his plight
Is desperate. And these reiterated reports
declare that the Committee of National
Defense decidr-d to order White to surren
der Ladyemith. The committee was driven
to this determination, it is declared, both
by humane considerations and as an act
of policy, that the surrender might pre
vrnt a further drain on General Buller's
defeated and demoralized army.
This report is given with reserve, but it
may bo stated emphatically that the ten
sion here is so terrible that even this hu
miliating surrender would relieve it and
the hope would be that It might allow a
raaical reorganization of the campaign
and put an end to Buller's futile squan
dering of blood and treasure in a forlorn
hope.
- >
WHITE WILL ACT,
BUT NOT OFFICIALLY
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.-It developed
to-day that the statement made by Mon
tague White relative to diplomatic rep
resentation of the Transvaal was based
upon a dispatch he had received from
Dr. Leyds the Boer agent in Continental
Europe. When Mr. White arrived here
he found the Impression prevailing that
Dr. Leyds had been received by only one
Government of Europe. Though certain
that the other nations had received him
he determined, before making an official
statement, to obtain confirmation of his
belief from Dr. Leyds, and accordingly
cabled him with the result that he was
informed that Germany, France, Holland
and Belgium had accepted him as the
diplomatic representative of the Trans
vaal. Mr. White Is satisfied that the re
ception of Dr. Leyds by European Gov
ernments disposes of the theory that this
Government could not receive him be
cause of suzerainty over the Transvaal
conferred upon Great Britain by the
treaty between the two States. There is
no expectation in official circles that Mr
White will try to be received, in view of
his assertion to the President and Secre
tary Hay that he did not desire an official
reception and had no credentials. His an
nouncement leaves him free to take action
in any way he desires ac a private lndi-
news Issued by the War Office during the
night is a dispatch from Lord Roberts,
dated yesterday (Saturday), stating that
the situation is unchanged and that Gen
eral French reports a reconnoissance of
the enemy's position on Thursday, when
he found the Boers strongly posted at
Plctfonteln. The maps do not show any
such place in the region of General
French's operations, and it is probable
that Reitfontein, ten miles north of Coles
berg is the place alluded to.
A special dispatch from Colenso, dated
Wednesday, January 24, says that Com
mandant Lucas Meyer's commando sur
prised and surrounded a strong body of
General Methuen's Infantry, killing and
wounding twenty-three and capturing fif
teen.
Lord Dunraven, who Is chairman of the
committee having in charge the raising of
a force of mounted sharpshooters for ser
vice with the Yeomanry in South Africa,
has appealed to the public for subscrip
tions in aid of that organization. He saye
he already has 400 applicants whose shoot-
Ing records are high, and many of whom
have had experience in the bush. The
amount needed is £20,000, of which £2000
has already been subscribed.
TROOPS FROM CANADA.
HALIFAX, N. S.. Jan.' 27.— The aecond
CHICAGO PEOPLE
WILL AID THE BOERS
CHICAGO. Jan. 27.— A mass-meeting of
nearly 30C0 people In Central Music Hall
to-night inveighed against wars and ex
pressed sympathy for the Boers in their
struggle against Great Britain. The meet
ing was under the auspices of the women
of the Holland Society, who are raising
funds for the Red Cross work In the Boer
army.
D. J. Schuyler, who Is president of the
Holland Society, was the first speaker.
While he was speaking the Boer colors
were carried down the hall and were
cheered on their way to the platform.
Then John Brower sang the national
hymn of the Afrikanders, "Het Volks
reid."
Dr. Emll G. Hirsch made an address on
the horrors of war. He said that Eng
land's position was the outgrowth of a
rude and naked spirit of greed.
A double quartet of women sang the
"Battle Hymn of the Republic," the audi
ence rising to join In the chorus.
Mrs. Henry Avery of the Red Cross So
ciety made a few remarks, and other ad
dresses were made by. Miss Jane Adams
and Mrs. Vandalla Varnum Thomas. The
closing speech waa made by Jenkln Llloyd
money Is absolutely required England has
more to pay. New York and Berlin are
not greatly affected by the fluctuations,
although they feel them to a certain de
gree. Presuming that England requires
thirty millions sterling, she can secure It
without any upheaval or serious effect on
America,"
Jones, who presented resolutions which
were adopted unanimously, declaring that
the South African republics are fighting
for the same eternal principles that
moved our forefathers In their struggles
against England a century ago and tKat
the hearts of the American people are
with them In their brave and righteous
effort to preserve their country and their
homes from an Invading foreign foe.
Several thousand dollars was raised
through the sale of seats and collection
and It will be devoted to fitting out a hos
pital corps for the Boers.
THERE HAS BEEN NO
MUDDLE, SAYS COLLINGS
LONDON, Jan. 27.— Joseph Chamberlain.
who expected to attend the banquet of
the Birmingham jewelers and silversmiths
this evening, waa unable to be present
owing to the holding of a meeting of the
defense committee. His place was taken
by the Hon. Jesse Collings. Under Secre
tary of State for the Home Office, and J.
Austen Chamberlain, Civil Lord of tho
Admiralty.
The former, replying to a toast to "Her
Majesty's Ministers," deplored the atti
tude of the press in regard to the war in
South Africa. He said there had been no
muddle In its conduct, and the facts
when known would show there had been
no war in which more foresight, skill
and care had been displayed by the Gov
ernment than the present one. The re
verses, he declared, only increased the
determination to prosecute the work to
the end. The war Involved the question
whether Great Britain would maintain
LIKE A REVERSE
AT DECISIVE POINT
Uoless Buller's f?rmy Is Now
Successful It Will Be in a
Perilous Position.
LONDON. Jan. 27.— Spencer "Wilkinson, whose articles on the war situation
have attracted much attention here and abroad, wrote the following re
view of the situation for the Associated Press at midnight after the War
Office had given out a telegram from Lord Roberts dated at Cape Town
Saturday, saying there was no change in the situation:
"The affair of 3plon Kop appears very like a reverse at the decisive pntnt of
the decisive battle. According to General Buller's telegram. General Warren
was determined to take the hill because it commanded the enemy's positions.
Having taken it Tuesday night, he abandoned It Wednesday night, presumably
because he was unable to hold it. The published words of General Puller's tele
gram have the tone in which a reverse is announced. Whether the mishap can be
made good it is Impossible to say. A general attacking has to some extent thft
power of making his own decisive point. General Warren may yet beat the
enemy by success at some other point or he may retake Spion Kop and keep it.
but unless one way or another the battle new going on can be won there is no
probability of Ladysmith being relieved.
"General Bullei's army, unless successful, will be in a critical position, for Its
retreat would be a difficult operation. The main Boer force is as near ta any point
on the railway as is General Warren's wing of Buller's army; and the Boers have
the advantage of speed. For this reason, rs well as because of the importance
of his purpose to relieve General White, we may expect General Buller to do
his very utmost before giving up the attempt, and in this necessity lies the best
hope of success. The American Civil War showed how rifled firearms, by render
ing assault difficult, produced battles lasting several days, an! as «:inc<» then the
range and rate of flr3 have been greatly increased the prolongation of the dura
tion of battles was to be expected. But without ¦a • fuller knowledge than the
telegrams as yet afford it is not yet possible clearly to intprprp: the ppisoiles of
the unfinished fight. The report from Boer sources that Mafeking has been re
lieved is credible, for Colonel Plumer has been persistently working in that di
rection, and there has been time since he was last heard of near Gaherons for him
to cover the intervening distance. Moreover, the Boers have wisely been concen
trating their forces at more decisive points, but it requires confirmation."
This committee, which is composed of military and naval officers holding- certain positions, met in extraordinary session yesterday afternoon, Lord Salisbury, Sir Michael
' Hicks-Beach and the Hon. Joe Cha mberlain meeting with them.
JOINT COMMITTEE OF NATIONAL DEFENSE.
PLENTY OF ALARMING RUMORS BUT NO
NEWS FROM SOUTH AFRICA.
Pages 13 to 22
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 59.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
I Pages 13 to 22 \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL"A Contented Mind
Is a Continual Feast. ' ':
'But for a contented mind you must
have a healthy body, and this is possible
only by making and keeping the blood
pure. This is just tvhat Hood's Sarsapa~'
rUla does, and that is *why H cures dis-
ease and gives abounding health in place
of illness and debility.
Morning Fatigue— "l suffered <wilti
a tired feeling and headache every morn-
ing and evening. I took Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla, and got relief. It also cured me of
the grip and. of catarrh of. 12 years dura-
tion." Mrs. Jennie Homer, Stoystorvn, Pa.'
Be sure to get only Hood's because
PINGREE-YERKES DEBATE.
Municipal Ownership of Street Rail-
ways Their Subject.
CHICAGO. Jan. 27.— At the monthly
dinner of the Marquette Club Governor
Hazen S. Pingree of Michigan and Charl<s
T. Yerkes of Chicago took opposite siOes
in the discussion of the subject, "Mun'.cl ¦
pal Ownership and Operation of Street
Railways." Seats for about 200 guests
had been provided, but so great was the
interest manifested that twice as many
were provided when the speaking began.
Governor Pingree was the first speaker.
Professor J. Laurence Loughlin of the
University of Chicago followed, taking
ground also in favor of municipal owner
ship. Charles T. Yerkes, the street rail
way magnate, closed the discussion,
speaking against municipal ownership
and arguing that if the great corpora
tions of any large community were run
by the government, whether it be mu
nicipal or otherwise, a great political nmu
chine would be formed, and that It would
be almost an impossibility to disrupt that
machine.
FAVORS LIBRARY BONDS.
Action Taken by Republican Good
Government League of San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— The Republican
Good Government League this afternoon
adopted a resolution favoring the bond
ing of the city to build a modern library
building, but at the came time included
a proviso that will take the matter from
the hands of politicians. It suggests that
the election submitting the bond issue
shall provide for the electipn of a build-
Ing commission "consisting of five repre
sentative citizens whose character and
ability will be abundant guarantee for
a wise and economical expenditure of the
mow>v voted by the people."
It is more than likely $23,000 bonds will
be issued and the library building erected
In St. James Park.
Jenner Chosen as Arbitrator.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— The State De
partment has been advieed that G. Jeu
ner, the British' Minister at Guatemala,
If TRADE-MARK VI
lIAINI IAIN |
lAIN
M.m lit JL c I
ROYAL BATAVIA
GIN.
SQUARE WHITE BOTTLES.
FINEST IMPORTED.
¦ -
-
CHARLES MEKCECKE & CO..
AGENTS. £14 £aeramento St., S. F., Cal.
Assumptionists, scurrilous anathemas
were launched at the head of the public
prosecutor, and the unfortunate Minister
of Public Worship, M. Monls, which re
sulted in the spectacular expulsion of Mi
Bernard. Though there have been many
exciting scenes in the Chamber this was
the first time since the Dreyfus agitation
that the military has been summoned to
expel a Deputy.
If this succession of indignant dis
claimers was intended to create a wave of
feeling against the Government- in the
Chamber it failed utterly and only elicited
a vote which gave fresh . proof of the
strength of the Government., _ ._
Repeated affirmations by a large sec- •
tion of the French press .that the British
jingoes and the Chamberlain clique in the
Cabinet had determined to pick a quarrel ,
with France, In order to recover the pres
tige Great Britain has lost. in. Europe by
her reverse In South Africa,, and that
Madagascar would be the first point of at
tack, has received what Is regarded here as
a confirmation In the announcement that
the Government has decided to dispatch
SCOO troops and to form a fortified camp
and arsenal at Diego Suarlez. The Gov
ernment explains that this move has no
special significance, but Is merely a part
of the already announced plan of fortify
ing the colonies. It is denied that It has
any connection whatever with Great
Britain.
English designs in Madagascar and her
rumored intention to provoke war Booner
or later is not merely, a constant cry of
"wolf" in Anglopnobe papers, but Is un
doubtedly becoming an article of faith
with the mass of the French people.
The composition of the body of troops
destined for Madagascar makes an in
novation in the svstem of reinforcing the
colonies. Instead of sending French
troops, Algerian and Soudanese sharp
shooters have beea forwarded. Hatred
of Dreyfus has not yet subsided in some
quarters. The Nationalist press has been
attacking the Government for having sup
pressed, illegally, it is alleged, the nub
lication of the judgment of the Reftnes
courtmartial. . Marquis de Gallifet, - the
Minister of "War, has yielded by having
the sentence posted at Rennes this week
in the following form:' "
. Dreyfus. Alfred*, volunteer, captain: pro- j
fcatloner - on . the , general . fctait; high fcrpainn.d
h«r position or sink into an insignificant
Third-rate power.
Austen Chamberlain, in the course of
Ids remarks, said that if Great Britain
l.a-i shirked her responsibility the price
j aid would have bt-tn the loss in the near
future of South Africa and her separation
in the not remote future from those great
l>ranch»-s of the Anglo-Saxon stock whose
loyalty— which was due to their confidence
Jn Great Britain's power to see right done
her subjects in every portion of the world
—was so dear to Groat Britain.
Mansion House fund for the relief of the
widows and families of the victims of the
South African war.
BALL FROM A SHELL
LANDED IN BOTHA'S POCKET
BOER <"AMP, MivH»r Spruit, Upper
TupeJa River, Tuesday, Jan. 23.— The
Uritifh are now endravoring lo fore* with
MJDM troops tiie Spion Kop route to I_ady
f-mith. The firing on General Botha's po
fition yesterday was terrific. The grass
wm lir*d. rocks diFioiiKed and trenches
pierced, but the battle was practically
<'ne-eidcd, tht federals only firing thirty
f-hot?.
A ball from a fhell landed in General
J^oiha'B pocket. The only Boer casualties
tvere, pom< norses wounded. The firing
. rased .at dark, but was resumed this
moTT.ins: Jn the vicinity of Ladysmith and
l.ere. but up to noon it lacked vigor.
RELIEF OF MAFEKING
REPORTED BY THE BOERS
LOURENZO MARQUEZ, Delagoa Bay,
Friday. Jan. 2fi.— lt is reported on good
Transvaal authority that Mafeking was
relieved Tuesday, January 23.
»
VOLUNTEERS DEPART.
LONDON, Jan. 27.— The last detach
ment of the infantry section of the Lon
don Volunteers, numbering 134 men, was
entrained this morning for Southampton,
where they embarked to-day for South
Africa. The route from Wellington Bar
racks to Nine Elms station was thronged
with cheering spectators, but not in the
same degree as on previous occasons, so
the order of march was undisturbed. The
Lord Mayor and Sheriffs accompanied the
troops to Southampton. The battery sec
tion and ammunition column completing
the regiment will leave February 4.
MOHAMMEDANS AND
HINDUS ARE LOYAL
<"ALcrTTA, Jan. 27.— A monster meet
ing of Hindus and Mohammedans in the
town hall here to-day passed a resolution
expressing unswerving loyalty and at-
•Jarhmrat to the throne and deciding to
<iffrr in all pla<-es of worship prayers for
th* victory of the British. The meeting
eif-o pubsrribed 63.000 rupees toward the
day at her home near Santa Clara aged
CO years. She was a party, in two suits
now pending In the Superior Court — one
as contestant to the will of her husband,
the other as plaintiff to compel George
Y. Boliinger to make an accounting of
property alleged to have been given him
in trust by his father. The estate of
Christian Bollinger was originally worth
about $200,000. Mrs. Bollinger received but
a small portion of It.
AMERICAN CLAIM PAID.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her-
aid. Copyrighted, 1900, by James Gordon
Bennett.
SANTO DOMINGO. Jan. 27.— The bal
ance of $47,000 on the Ozama River bridge
claim was paid to the American Minister
to-day by the Dominican Government.'
This is the end of a long standing trou
ble
New Oil Company.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— Articles incorpor
ating the Alma Oil Company were filed
here to-day. This company will under
take to develop the oil resources of Santa
Clara County in the vicinity of Alma. For
over twenty years oil wells In that vicin- ;
ity have been spasmodically worked. The
capital stock of the corporation is $5000,
all of which has been paid in. M. G.
Rhodes. G. D. Worswick, Melvin Simons,
W. B. Hayford and F. C. Fay, all of this
city, are named as directors.
Sewall in Quarantine.
LEWISTON. Me., Jan. 27.— A special
from Augusta to the Journal says: Pri
vate advices received in this city state- that
Hon. Arthur Sewall of Bath, who Is visit
ing his son, Harold M. Sewall in Hono
lulu, is in quarantine on account of the
discovery of bubonic plague at that point.
The correspondent wrote that it was un
certain how long the quarantine would
continue.
St. Lawrence Mine Incorporated.
ANGELS CAMP, Jan. 27.— The St. Law
rence mine has been incorporated and an
other payment made on the .property.
Preparations are being made to erect a
mill in the spring and sink a shaft. It
was formerly known as the Brunner
mine. . . v.r-.. ; . . . _\>\ry>*
EMBASSADORS ABSENT
FROM THE MUSICALE
Decline to Attend a Dewey Reception Be
cause of the Wording of the
Invitation.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
wawinttoV Jan 27 -We are having more trouble with Embassadors.
Th™Sm^. J « dieted the indifference of the^ Amertca^ people
C^ch^w^^^
were perfect, with on^exception-the . five Embassadors received invitations
to ''meet Admiral and Mrs. Dewey." Therefore they would not so.
AT E mba™ador cannot "meet" in a social sense any person of Inferior
rant He is the personal representative of a sovereign and it ™f* Jf-W
rude to a=k Queen Victoria, or the Emperor of Germany, or the King or ltaiy.
o -meet" Admiral Dewey and bride. If Mr. and Mrs. McLean had sent the
Embassadors and wives straight invitations, without reference to meeting
anybody, they would have attended the muslcale and enjoyed 1 as muchw
anybody else; but as long as the cards bore the names of Admiral and Mrs.
Dewey they had to stay away.
MAKING A SERUM TO
COMBAT THE PLAGUE
Marine Hospital Laboratory Engaged
in the Manufacture of an
Antitoxin.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— A dispatch to the
Trlbufte from Washington says: Under
the supervision of Dr. Walter Wyman,
the marine hospital laboratory has begun
the manufacture of a serum as an anti
toxtin for bubonic plague, to be used it
the plague should reach this country. Tat*
work was begun two months ago and it
will be four months before it is com
pleted. Dr. Wyman said to-night that hs
thought it better to be on the safe side.
The serum being manufactured is what
is known as the Versln serum, and 13 at
present the only remedy known. It dif
fers from tho preventive serum, the lat
ter having n«» ruratlve properties. In the
preparation of the Yersin serum horses
are treated wi' increasing doses of the
toxin of the plagtie, prepared by subject*
ing virulent cultures of the bacilli to a
degree of heat which insures their de
struction. In time a certain Immunity is
conferred and the blood serum ia found
to have a decided effect in preventing in»
fection. Usually the process does not stop
here, but is carried on to the production
of true antiseptic serum, preventive and
curative.
The surgeon general of the marine hos
pital service to-day had shipped to Ho
nolulu 1900 doses of haffkine prophylactic.
Fifteen hundred doses of this serum were
sent to Honolulu about ten days ago.
ARMOUR'S BODY
TO BE TAKEN EAST
Funeral Services Will Be
Held in Chicago.
?
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 27.— The remains
of Philip D. Armour Jr. will leave Pasa
dena for Chicago on the regular Santa
Fe eastbound overland to-morrow morn-
Ing. The funeral services will be held
it Chicago Wednesday. The families of
Philip D. Armour Sr., J. Ogden Armour
and of the dead man will accompany
the remains East.
The death of the young man was very
sudden. He arrived here with the mem
bers of his family about ten daj'3 ago.
coming West in the Burlington roads
private car Minnesota. Philip D. Ar
mour Sr. had preceded his son. and the
arrival of J. Ogden Armour a few days
later completed the family party, which
had expected to spend the winter in
Southern California, the father having
decided to locate in Pasadena for an in
definite time. Whether or not he is to
accompany the remains of his son East
has not been determined, as he is himself
not in the best of health.
The news cf the younger Mr. Armour's
death reached here late last night, and
resulted in the dispatch at once of a
special train of one car and engine
over the Southern Pacific to Santa
Barbara. The train with the remains of
the dead man on board passed through
this city to Pasadena to-day.
Young Armour's death was entirely
unexpected, and was the result of a
congestive chill brought on by heart
failure. He and his family were at Monte
cito because of the illness of one of their
children.
Trapper's Oil curea rheumatism & neuralgla-
CniffUUb Wo Cask. Richards & Co, . 454 .Clay.
oocosooeoooooeooocooaoooooooooo
! WHY HUDYAN CURES
NERVOUS EXHAUSTION.
A cam of nervous exhanstion
shows some of the symptoms of
tvery distinct nervous disorder,
and often leads to most serious
evil. In such cases there Is per-
sistent enfeeblement of neural
energy (lack of nerve force). This
lack of energy makes a tremen-
dous difference in one's life, for
the nerves regulate everything
that goes on in one's body, and
when they are poorly nourished
things go wrong.
Sleeplessness is a prominent
symptom of nervous exhaustion
and when we add to it depression
of spirits, awful forebodings
headaches (Fig. 5). emaciation
and paleness (Fig. 6). coated
l0"*?®,l 0 "*?®,^ 5 - <>. palpitation of the
eart / Jf lg ; *>; disordered diges-
tion (Fig. 1), inactive liver (Fig-
2), general weakness (Fie. 7) then
arson's state is well nlg'u in-
tolerable. Other symptoms of
nervous exhaustion are pains in
back, shifting aches, sudden
flushes and hot flashes, sometimes
*°»°.^e£ by chilly sensations.
HLDYAN corrects one and all
the abovo distressful Bymptoms,
because HtDYAN . provides th»
much-needed nerve force. HTJD-
YAN not only affords relief but It
restores the nerves and nerve cen-
ters to their normal (natural) con-
dition; in other words, cures per-
manently. "Men and women who
take HLDTIAN become robust
strong, active, energetic. HUD-
YAN produces rosy cheeks, clear
skin, bright eyes. HUDYAN
cures all nervous conditions
GET HUDYAN
From your druggist. 50c a pack-
age, six packages for $2 50 If
your druggist does not keep it
send direct to HUDYAN REM-
EDY COMPANY, corner Stock-
ton. Ellis and Market streets
San Francisco, Cal.
Consult Free the Hudyan Doctors.
Call or Write to Them.
ALFRED G. VANDERBILT
TO WED MISS FRENCH
Engagement to Be Announced on ths
Return of the Young Lady
From Abroad.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Jan. 27. — The report
of the engagement of Alfred G. Vander
bllt to Mlsa Elsie French of New York is
generally credited In this city, and It la
believed that It will be formally an
nounced upon the return of the young
lady from her present trip abroad with
her mother and that tha marriage will
follow shortly.
Young Vanderbilt. though press notices
stated that he had left for London to-day,
came here to-day with Potter Palmer Jr.,
and after looking over the farm at Ports
mouth the young men. in company with a
real estate agent, mad© a tour of tha
summer colony, inspecting villas. A
dozen or more were visited, but no selec
tion was announced.
?
Japanese Colonists Mutiny
gpeetal Cab!* to Th« Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyrlehted. 1900. by James Gordon
Bennett.
LIMA, Pera, Jan. 27.— Th« Japanese col
onists on the Casabianca estate mutinied
on the night of January 24. Gendarmes
managed to restore order. The opinion is
that Japaneie Immigrants axe unsuited to
Peru. ¦'¦¦'¦'
Mrs. Armour Prostrated.
Special Dispatch to The CaJ
PASADENA. Jan. 27.— Mrs. Philip T>.
Armour has been confined to her bed by
shock since hearing of the death of her
son at Montecito. Tha news cam* an
hour after she first heard of his illness.
This afternoon she came downstairs. Her
husband haa withstood the shock better
than she, although he was forbidden by
the family physician. Dr. Miller of Chi
cago, to go to Santa Barbara.
DARKNESS IN SAN JOSE.
Result of the Burning of the Electric
Plant
Social Disnatch to The Cs
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— The city will be
plunged in darkness for a couple of nights
owing to the burning of the Electric Im
provement Company's lighting plant,
which had the contract for lighting the
City. Business houses will also be in
convenienced during the same period and
there has been an unusual demand for
oil and lamps all day. The Electric Im
provement Company did the biggest Bhare
of the lighting of the city and nearly
every business house used its gas or elec
tric lights.
It has always been known as the cut
rate company and because of having re
duced rates- over half was very popular
with the people. All day there has been
a steady stream of callers expressing
sympathy.
Just how the flames started is a mys
tery, but It is believed to be due to an
explosion on the switchboard. The loss ia
about $100,000, half covered by insurance.
It is a miracle how the fine new gas
works were saved.
The Electric Improvement Company will
rebuild at once. The determination and
energy of Manager Edwards wai shown
this morning by a large force of men be
ing put at work to clear off ths debrla
before the ashes were cool. Two carloads
of latest Improved electric machines have
been ordered and a larger and much bet
ter plant will be built. It is asserted that
the lighting of business houses and the
city will be resumed inside of three days.
The San Jose and Santa Clara Electric
Railroad Company haa tendered the com
pany the use of Its plant and companies
from all over the State have wired all
kinds of offers.
Another Suspect Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VENTURA. Jan. 27.— This afternoon at
El Rio Sheriff Charlebois arrested Antone
Sosa, a Mexican, as the alleged acconv
plice of Rosario Barras, alias Manuel Go
mez, who is charged with the murd»r of
Kafael Casteneado. Casteneado was
stabbed to death at midnight by a blood
thirsty companion oft January 17. Sosa
and Gomez are both confined in the Coun
ty Jail. The latter acknowledges having:
been with Casteneado at Oxnard on the
17th, when they drank and quarreled to
gether. He says his dead companion
struck him with a bottle. He also impli
cates Sosa, Gomez was arrested at Po
mona and returned to this city yester
day. The prisoners will appear for their
preliminary examination at Oxnard on
Monday.
ELECTION OF SENATORS
BY POPULAR VOTE
Poll of Governors Shows a Pronounced
Majority in Favor of the
Change.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— 1n order to learn
the sentiment of the people on the pro
posal now pending in Congress to so
amend the constitution as to provide for
the election of United States Senators i>>
direct popular vote, the Herald asked the
Governors of States and Territories to
give expressions of their own opinions and
tnose of their constituents.
Replies from a large number of Gov
ernors show a very pronounced public
opinion in favor of the change. This sen
timent is practically unanimous in the
South and West. In conservative New
England there is considerable open oppo
sition to any change and much indiffer
ence to the subject.
Despite the wide popular support of the
suggested amendment there Is no hope
that it will be submitted to the people by
the present Congress. The amendment
will be killed in the Senate. A majority
of the committee which must pass on it
Is opposed to the change and is supported
by the leaders in the Senate. A large ma
jority of Representatives favor the
amendment, but it cannot get before the
people for ratification except by a two
thirds vote of the Senate, and this the
Senate will not give it.
MAKERS OF STEEL
ARE SLASHING PRICES
War of Rates Between the Carnegie
Company and Jones &
McLaughlin.
PITTSBTJRG. Jan. 27.— The Post will
say to-morrow: Slashing of prices has
been started by two of the largest steel
and iron concerns in the country. The
cuts are affecting but two of the products
and there is no danger of others being
disturbed. It started with one cla.«s of
material and a second has followed in
fympathy. The tirms In the contest for
the business are the Carnegie Steel Com
pany, Limited, and Jones & McLaugh
lln, Limited. The products thus far
sought to be put on the market axe tank
and boiler plates.
One month ago tank plates sold at
$62 50 per ton. Now they are selling at
J. 45. a cut of $17 50. Boiler plates read
ily brought $G2 50 and after the decline in
tank material started it his reached the
$52 mark. It la possible that it will ulti
mately follow closely in the footsteps of
the tank products.
As yet no efforts have been made look
ing to a re-establishment of prices, and
as both are determined, with plenty of
financial and other facilities, the, near fu
ture will be watched with interest in iron
and steel circles.
¦. ? ¦
GRATEFUL TO PROVIDENCE
FOR GIVING THE KAISER
Count yon Ballestrem Says the Ger-
man People Have Always Some
thing to Be Thankful For.
BERLIN, Jan. 27.— At a banquet of
members of the Reichstag this evening In
celebration of the anniversary of the Em
peror's birth Count yon Bailestrenii the
president, in proposing the health of the
Emperor, described his Majesty and tha
Reichstag as the two representatives of
German unity. The Reichstag, he said,
constituted the support of the empire
through the love and confidence of the
people. In order that the two national
forces might understand each other the
Emperor took his position on all questions,
raising his banner aloft, visible to all men,
where It might be observed and discusaed
with reflection.
Count yon Ballestrem pledged himself
to promote as far as possible the "admi
rable intentions of the Kaiser, for whom
we must always be grateful to Provi
dence."
EX-MINISTER PHELPS
IS NEAR TO DEATH
Has Grown Very Weak and It Is
Believed That He Cannot
Long Survive.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 2S.— The con
dition of Hon. E. J. Phelps, ex-Minister
to England, who is ill with pneumonia at
his home here, remained practically un
changed until last evening, when he was
not so well. Since midnight he has been
very weak and it would not surprise" those
in attendance if he did not survive the
night.
Boyle Formally Charged.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
> SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 27.— Information
papers were filed to-day by District At
torney Hugh J. Mclsaac with County
Clerk- Graham charging - Patrick Bolye
with the crime of arson. He will be ar
raigned before Superior Court Judge An
gellotti on Monday.
INCIDENTS OF WAR
IN SOUTH AFRICA
ASSUMPTIONISTS
AGITATE PARIS
Only Political Sensation
of the Week.
COMMENTS OF THE PRESS
CARDINAL RICHARD .IS CON
DEMNED BY THE RADICALS.
?
Report That Great Britain Will Pick
a Quarrel With France by Attack
. ing Madagascar Receives
Apparent Confirmation.
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
PARIS, Jan. 27.-The trial of the As
sumptionlst Fathers has Injected some life
in an otherwise prosaic political week.
The prosecution of the fathers Is believed
to be the beginning of a Government cam
paign against reactionary clericalism,
which recently has too openly entered
the political arena.
The order of the Assumptionists is re
markable for the ascetic life of its mem
bers, which, with its large revenues, has
permitted the accumulation of great
wealth, which, according to the Govern
ment supporters, has been mainly used
to undermine the republic. They have
not accepted defeat and have decided to
appeal against their conviction.
An outburst of protests in the radical
press has been caused by what looks like
the apparent lack of tact on the part of
Cardinal Richard, the Archbishop of
Paris, In visiting the fathers and express
ing his sorrow at their conviction and
thus openly encouraging them. The rad
icals demand that the Government take
some action against Cardinal Richard for
his overt identification with so-called ille
gal associations. Some newspapers even
use the incident a? a lever in favor of
the separation of church and state. The
first fruit of this agitation has already
been borne in the shape of an official de
mand upon the Cardinal for an explana
tion of his conduct.
To this the private secretary of the Car
dinal has replied that the Cardinal has no
thought that his action had political sig
nificance; he simply wished to sympatnize
with the fathers on passing through a
painful everit, and he aid not wish to pro
test against the verdict. The words at
tributed to the Cardinal, the secretary
added, were a garbled summary without
official character.
T special dispatch to the Temps from
Rome says: '^According to information
from the best sources the Vatican, though
regretting the conviction of the Assurap
tlonlsts. would have preferred that Car
dinal Richard had not made the visit by
which the enemies of religion might profit.
Had Pope Leo been ccyisulted Cardinal
Richard would not have made the visit,
which was kind but not politic."
The Nationalist organs denounce the
Government for its prosecution of politi
cal opponents, which they declare was the
sole motive for the trial. The result of
the trial furnished the most exciting ses
sion of the Chamber of Deputies since its
reopening. A string of Deputies rose for
the purpose of repudiating the statements
of the public prosecutor at the trial that
they were aided at their elections by the
ten years detention *nd military degradation
with Interdiction of residence.
The Dreyfusards are very angry at the
form of the announcement. - The Aurore
calls it an upright forgery because it
omits all mention of the extenuating cir
cumstances found before the court-mar
tial and the pardon.
Enlivening scenes have been occasioned
by the annual drawing of lots to select
conscripts from Paris, which began this
week. Parties of young conscripts have
been parading the boulevards wearing
enormous tri-color rosettes in their but
tonholes and with highly colored patriotic
pictures bearing their army number stuck
in the front of their hats. Each arron
dissement has its own day of drawing at
the town hall in the presence of military
officials. The young fellows celebrate the
day as a holiday and the streets of the
arrondlssements nightly resound with
their jollifications.
A discussion in the Chamber of Deputies
has revealed the fact that the world
famed Louvre is in perpetual danger of
fire. The building adjoins the Ministry of
Colonies, where fourteen fires occurred
last year. M.Redon, the architect of the
Louvre, shares the apprehension, and as
a result the dabate better measures of
protection will be taken.
The chapel commemorative of the char
ity bazaar holacaust, to which the Count
and Countess Castellane contributed 1,000.
000 francs, will be dedicated May 4. the
anniversary of the catastrophe.
M. Cambon, the French Embassador at
Washington, who is due to arrive in
America to-day, delayed his departure
from the date originally fixed in an effort
to overcome the opposition to the French-
American reciprocity treaty, and occupie 1
much time in explaining Its terms/ Hut
protests against it are coming to the Gov
ernment from Chambers of Commerce all
over France. The agricultural committee
of the Selns-et-Oise, denounces the meas
ure as an economic peril, because it is
claimed it would destroy the effects of
the protection so laboriously acquired for
French agriculture in the last few yeara.
The Chamber of Commerce of Elboef
bitterly complains that the Government
has secured no benefits for French wocl
and wool products at a time when that
industry is so tried by the lack of mar
kets.
Serious fears are entertained by the fail
ure of the winter crops owing to the con
tinued bad weather rotting young sprouts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
haa accepted the post of arbitrator for
the claim of Mr. Mays, an American rail
road contractor, against the Government
of Guatemala for $100,000 damages sus
tained through the forfeiture of hlB con
tract to build a railroad.
STANFORD DEFEATED.
Fireman's Fund Team Wins in a
Quiet Game.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 26.—
The Fireman's Fund team beat Stanford
at baseball this afternoon in the first
game of the season by a score of 8 to 2.
The work of the college men was loose
at times, though the battery showed up
well for so early in the season^ Lanagan
striking but ten men.
The work, of the Firemen was consist
ent throughout the game, no one being
marked for star playing.
Trainer Murphy of the cardinal nine
was well pleased with the showing made
by his men, and says that v.'ith hard prac
tice and probably a few changes he will
be able to turn out a winning team.
The gentlemanly conduct of the Fire
men have made them exceedingly popular
with the members of the Stanford nine,
and several more good-natured contests
with them are looked forward to.
KILLS AN ELOPER.
"Wisconsin Farmer Shoots the Com-
panion of His Daughter.
LA CROSSE, Wis.. Jan. 27.— Samuel R.
Clemens, a farmer, shot and killed George
Boland last night. Clemens then mount
ed a horse and escaped. Clemens
young daughter ran away from home a
week ago last night while on her way to
a masquerade ball in company with
George Boland and two others.
Mrs. Bollinger Dead.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— Mary A. L. Bol
linger, widow of Christian Bollinger, and
mother of ex-Sheriff Bollinger, died to-
I CONSULT FREE. I
? — .*
READ TT, MEN AND WOMEN I
HUDYAN 6Oc. ALL DRUGGISTS.
14Common whisky is a curse— the Old Gov-
ernment Is a blessing. • .> •/,<
Assisted in the Taking of
Legraspe.
?
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— Admiral Wat
son has cabled the following account to
the Navy Department of the participation
of the navy In General Kobbe's successful
campaign through the islands south of
Luzon, which contain most of the hemp
ports of -the archipelago?
MANILA, Jan. 27.— Kobbe's expedition to
Southeast Luzon, convoyed by the Nashville,
the Helena and the Marlveles, was a complete
Bucoer*. Sorgo&oson, Donsal, Bulua, Vlrac
end L^gaspe were taken and garrisoned. Le
saspe was captured on Tuesday after sharp
fighting, the Nashville co-operating Inside of
COO yards. Private Marine Franklin was
wounded and on board the Nashville Captain
Bradley and five others, none seriously. Fifty
one dead Filipinos were found in the trenches.
Captain Itodgers commends Moore of the He
lena, Gilpln of the Marlveles, MoaJe Cook.
Yuenzll, Cestleman and Cadet Evans for ser
vices rendered during the expedition.
WATSON.
The admiral reports the following deaths
in the fleet: Lawrence Orson Adams, ap
prentice of the Solace; W. P. Wilker, ordi
nary seaman of the Wheeling; Henry
Thomas, landsman of the Bennlngton;
James Frankllr., ordinary seaman of the
Castjne, and P. C. Fenaney, private ma
rine of the New Orleans.
Admiral Watson reports this morning
that he has taken possession of Isabella
coaling station and established a marine
garrison there under the command of
Lieutenant Long. A short time ago, «feel
ing the need of a coaling station for the
use of smaller vessels In the Philippine
archipelago in the southern Islands remote
from Manila, Admiral Watson dispatched
a vessel to look into the conditions at
Zamboanga, where the Spaniards had
maintained a garrison and a coaling sta
tion for many years. It was found upon
investigation, however, that the harbor at
that point was not suitable for naval ves
sels, owing to shallow water. Attention
being directed elsewhere, a small but per
fectly protected and deep harbor was
found in Basilan Island, where the Span
lards had already established a coaling
station. The navy, as already stated, took
possession of this; garrisoned the place
and is taking steps to add to its coal
supply.
The Solace sailed to-day from Manila
for San Francisco, and on the way she
will touch at the new coaling station, as
well as at Hollo. Cebu and Guam, and
thence returning to Yokohama will strike
across the Pacific for San Francisco. She
will carry the bodies of Captain Nichols,
who died while in command of the Mo
nadnock, and Captain Ingateof the Ma
rine Corp-5, who died at Guam from a sur
gical operation.
res claimed to be American prospectors.
They -were by accident found near a
Yaqul camp. No proof of any guilt has
been presented to the world; only the
news cf a merciless death to each, prob
ably ordered by Diaz himself. If an In
vestigation of these facts turn out as re
ported, then Sonora may say good-by to
the Mexican republic. The history of
Texas may be repeated. President Diaz
should disclaim at once the accusation
that his authorities have shot Innocent
Americans In Sonora, and he should warn
his authorities to avoid frictions, which
can only end by a repetition of the Texas
invasion."
HBSHHHKSHHHHnHBBnHHBBnHnHnHBHnBBHSSnHSHnnEHBSHHHraBHaBH^
JL /\ |\ P; /\ I x|i I]\ ii I i|j Jlj/a. I IVI Jll-W X Jl Jllj Jlj jlj
a YOU SIT COMFORTABLY IN MY OFFICE WHILE I FILL YOU
m WITH THE BREEZY, INVIGORATING ELECTRICAL CURRENT.
g THE MERITS AND SUCCESS OF are to-day on the highest wave of public favor. Imita-
¦ ' -jxaagjfejgg.— » . . tions serve but to increase its popularity and demand.
g w - » The more closely it is examined and tested by the side of
¦ "*"^^^^'-^^^ k " I^PlUfCi SllJiflltf IT !Hk! k aII other belts tne more grandly the improvements of my
¦ €^^^'^^^^tb if' iwi i^ll II ill iyfl rl l^ appliances appeal to the intelligence and appreciation of
1 ELECTRIC APPLICATIONS FREE!
1 !t is not alone that the improvements are so marked,
¦ -i^^f^^^^^^^j^^^^^^^^^ 1«~!1 «~!/ * -LL^ k u t these, with my special method of infusing the curative
I Mclaughlin belt the greatest
5 // ' v MEDICAL SCIENTIFIC REMEDY
5 for pain, weakness and nervo-vital diseases. I have made this treatment the study and practice of my life, and
5 the result has been the most brilliant success. Throughout the whole coast, as well as throughout the East, I
5 have by this means carried happiness and health to thousands of homes. My Electric Battery Belt has restored
2 the back bowed in pain, the limb crippled by rheumatism, the man and woman worn out by weakness and torture. My
5 grand system of electricity absolutely drives out disease and re-enforces the nerves, blood vessels and vital organs.
! SPFCIAL OFFFP If you have an old belt of any other If you cannot call for a test, send for my finely illustrated book— free.
v oi-i-wi-n.i-- vi i_-iv. makeorone tnat scorches, or which " i ' ¦¦ ¦
5 gives no current, 1. .wi1l take It at half price In payment of one : j RHEumATism and u/baknesu.
B of mv latest Improved belts. Brlntf or send It In. glenwood. saxta cruz county. c«j.. j»n. 13. uco.
or my Idtc&t wnpruvcu UCICS. ormg UP sCiiu iv 111. DR> M A McLAUOHLIN-Dt-ar Sir: Tour B«lt treatment has not only cured my Rheumatl»m and wealtneM. but to
U —. * -ntx > -mm T 11* 702 Market Street. Corner Kearnv San my battle tor health has given me the strength of a riant. lam better In tnlnd and body. There Is nothing equal to th«
¦ lIP m A 111 PI QlirrnllTl ?«ii!Siea and Corner *sorln a and curative power of your Belt. It la an astounding Invention, and will cure any «iek man or woman. lam so eurcrised and
g Ui • ill. ii. 11l 1/JudUg 1111X1, fecond Streets. Los Aofleles? delighted at my recovery that I fe«l proud to recommend your treatment. Tours truly. L. D. VAN* WIXKL&
¦BEHHHHnBBBHBHHBaiIHBHBB«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dcn't forget \&z?^&
to use Doctor Wj,F
Pierces Favor- *^JK
ite Prescription J& Jjrfßf «ijKv
for that back- \V7fc B\^R-
•che. /M& iSA^Pt
Don't forget J g?|V&^ jM'
that over half £1 }Wsg&l ff
a million Tvoraen 4*jff?^ > <8«k. / /
have been cured i»*6S^x
of women's ail- KS>\¥&fo cV
raents by the use of (v&V C 5
Dr. Pierces Favor- K^o^M
ite Prescription. EtfC S3§yj i
Don't forget that \v! \tp&* ,
"Favorite Prescrip- n, V^&^i
tion " cures diseases kj Vjfjvy f
of women in their Vj ©p>^
advanced and V "TW 1
chronic forms; cures V .yry V
often when all else Jl & IV# \
has failed. **"&! J li/r W
Don't forget that «^^^^|TLw{*
you can consult Dr. ' J~Y A I ?> Vi
Pierce, by letter, *f /MW*
free. Tell your v-*iA£'?2ol\?v -*iA£'?2ol\?
story frankly. All *
correspondence is
private. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo, N. V. ..
Don't forget to write to Dr. Pierce
to-day, if you are 6ick from diseases
which afflict women.
•/ wrote for advice February 4, 1896." writes
Mrs. Lena HaKead, of Claremore, CheroVee
jCat.. Ind. Ty. "I was racking with pain from
the back of :ny head down to ray heels. Had
hcrr.orrhc.7e for weeks at a time, and was
unable to Kit for ten minute* at a time. You
answered tny letter, advised me to u»e your
valuable n:e<iicinrs. viz. : Dr. Pierce* Favorite
Prescription. 'Golden Medical Discovery,' and
' Pleasant Pellets.' also gave adrice about injec-
tions, baths and diet. To my surprise, in four
months from tfc; time I began your treatment I
was a well woa&n asd have not had the back-
ache since, and now I put in sixteea hours a day
herd work."
Paper -bound edition of Dr. Pierces
Medical Adviser free, on receipt of 21
one-cent stamps to pay expense of znail-
crily. Address as above.
EMMA SPRECKELS BUILDING,
927 Market St.
Fine Li£ht Offices $15 Per Month
ILLINOIS ANTI-FREAK
LAW VALID IN PART
Only That Portion Concerning the
Exhibition of Criminals Held
to Be Constitutional.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— Judge Gibbons of
the Circuit Court to-day rendered a deci
sion In regard to the anti-freak law passed
by the last Legislature, which prohibits
the public exhibition of persons who have
become conspicuous through some crim
inal act, or whose deformity is such as to
attract public curiosity. Judge Gibbons
sustains the clause of the law prohibiting
the exhibition of criminals as a wise and
salutary measure, but declares unconsti
tutional the clause prohibiting the exhibi
tion of deformed persons. The ruling of
the court was made in the case of a col
ored boy born without arms, who has
been on exhibition in a Chicago museum,
and who has acquired t-kill in sketching
with pen or pencil held between his toes.
In rendering his decision Judge Gibbons
drew a parallel between the case of the
colored boy and that of Helen Kellar, and
said:
"Whoever is capable of acting, of doing,
ct thinking. i« a man entitled to enjoy life,
to pursue happiness and to demand from
the State and from society the equal pre
lection of the law, whether he stands
forth erect and beautiful as an Adonis or
with the features of a Janus or the bodies
of Siamese twins."
The decision Is regarded as an Import
ant one and was awaited with much inter
est by museum and show men.
?
Rose Carnival Projected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 27.— The matter of hold
ing a rose carnival this spring, in either
May or April, is being considered, and the
matter will be brought up at the meeting
of the Board of Trade next Friday even
ing. Four years ago the city held such
a festival, and It was* pronounced the
greatest floral event ever held on the
coast. In a few months there will be tons
and tons of roses, the orchards will be in
bloom, and Santa Clara County will be a
veritable flower garden. An effort will be
made to make the rose carnival an an
nual occurrence. Those agitating the
matter are meeting with every encourage
ment.
Decoration for Tirpitz.
BERLIN, Jan. 27.— Emperor William has
conferred on Admiral Tlrpltz. the secre
tary' of the Admiralty, the first class or
der of the red eagle, with oak leaves.
Railway Agencies Consolidated.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 27.— 1t is announced
at the Union Pacific headquarters that
the Union Pacific, Oregon Sh.ort Line and
the Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany have decided upon the consolidation
of general agencies. Heretofore each
road has maintained separate general
agencies in the same towns. From this
on one agent will look after the business
of all three roads in the various cities.
In the East the joint agent will be a
Union Pacific man, in Short Line territory
a Short Line man will be the agent and
on the Pacific Coast the business will be
looked after by Oregon Navigation men.
It Is announced that the men thrown out
of positions by this consolidation will be
taken care of elsewhere.
Favor Fruit Combine.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 27.— At a largely at
tended meeting of Grangers held here this
afternon a resolution was passed favoring
the objects of the California Fruit Grow
ers' Association, and urging growers to
do all in their power to forward the move
ment. The grangers also favored the es
tablishment of a horticultural commission
in Sonoma County.
FOR A TUNNEL UNDER
SAN FRANCISCO BAY
Bill Introduced by Request in the
House by Representative
Kahn.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— Among the
House measures Introduced to-day were:
By Glynn of New York, to protect labor
against the competition of convict-made
{roods; also to establish a $1 60 standard of
wages for unskilled labor under the Govern
ment.
By Robb of Missouri, to place wire and wire
nails on the free list.
By Kahn of California, by request, for a tun
nel under San Francisco Bay, with openings on
Yerba Buer.a Island, etc
«»
Named to Test Coin.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— President Mc-
Klnley has designated the following as
commissioners to test and examine the
weight and fineness of the coin reserved
at the several mints during the calendar
year 1899: Senator John P. Jones, Repre
sentative E. J. Hill, Dr. E. S. Pritchett.
superintendent of the Coast and Geodetic
Survey; Professor S. A. Lattraore. Uni
versity of Rochester: Professor H. H.
Nicholson, University of Nebraska; Pro
fessor John A. Matthews, Columbia Uni
versity: Dr. Cabell Whltehead. Bureau of
Mines; Marcus Benjamin, Smithsonian In
stitution: Calvin Cobb. Boise. Idaho:
Thomas B. Miller, Helena, Mont.; Edward
Harden, New York; E. H. Rich. Fort
Dodge. Iowa: Francis Beldler, Chicago;
Hon. John H. Perry. Connecticut. The
commission will meet In Philadelphia on
February A.
MUST DISINFECT MAILS.
Instructions to the Spokane Postmas-
ter Reiterated.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.-The Postofflce
Department has received reports from
Spokane, Wash., showing that the order
to fumigate mail leaving that place for
British Columbia has not as yet been car
ried out. The reports state that neither
the Postmaster nor the Health Officer
there believe it necessary to disinfect the
mails, because they think the smallpox
scare to be unwarranted. The epidemic
now In evidence there, they aay, is
chickenpox. The Postofflce Department
has. however, reiterated Its Instructions
directing the postal officials to disinfect
the malls.
The reports from Spokane state that
Nelson, B. C, Is the only place that has
declared a quarantine against Spokane.
Rossland. B. C, Is willing to receive mall
from Spokane without disinfection.
DENTISTS FOR THE ARMY.
Proposition That Fails to Develop
Strong Support.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— A strong ef
fort Is being made to open the army to
dental surgeons, and a bill has been pre
pared for Introduction In Congress author
izing the appointment of such surgeons,
with the rank of major, so as to allow
one for each regiment. Adjutant General
Corbln and Surgeon General Sternberg
disapprove of the proposed legislation.
A similar move is beln-g made to have
veterinary surgeons incorporated Into the
regular estahllshment as commissioned
officers, but, like the dental surgeon
scheme, the plan Is said to lack the sup
port and favor of the military authorities.
Special Election in Utah.
SALT LAKE, Jan. In compliance
with the revised statutes of the State of
Utah, Governor Wells has Issued a proc
lamation calling an election to be held on
Monday, the 2d day of April next, for the
purpose of electing a Representative In
the Fifty-sixth Congress to fill the vacan
cy now existing.
FRUIT GROWERS NOW
LEGALLY INCORPORATED
Board of Directors Elect Officers and
Discuss Plans for Futura
Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— The directors cf
the California Cured Fruit Association to
day filed articles of incorporation with the
County Clerk. These were taken to Sacra
mento on Friday by Alfred Barstow and
filed with the Secretary of State. They
are the same as those adopted by the btg
fruit convention held here last week.
There is no capital stock and the admis
sion fee Is placed at $5. The following
officers were then elected: H. G. Bond,
president; J. H. Henry, vice president; A.
B. Fletcher, second vice president; F. N.
Woods, treasurer; Alfred Barstow, secre
tary; executive committee, H. G. Bond,
J. H. Henry, L. F. Graham and F. N.
Woods.
After some general discussion as to the
best manner of canvassing the fruit grow
ers of the State and an interchange of
opinion relative to the terms of the con
tract suggested by some of the packers,
the meeting adjourned until Monday
morning. At that time the directors will
hold a conference with the principal pack
ers and fruit associations of the State rel
ative to an agreement for co-operative
action in handling next year's crop.
LABOR LEADERS CALL
UPON THE PRESIDENT
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— Samuel Gom
pers, president of the American Federa
tion of Labor, accompanied by other rep
resentatives of labor interests, had a con
ference with the President to-day to urge
upon him their desire that he should ad
vocate certain legislation In which they
are interested. They want an eight-hour
law for all Government work, a law to
prohibit the products of convict labor
Being 'transferred from one State to an
other and a law to restrict the authority
of the Federal courts In the issuance of
injunctions in labor troubles.
Mr. Gompers filed with the President In
formal charges agadlnst Claude M. John
son, director of the Bureau of Engraving
and Printing. The charges allege inef
ficiency and partiality In the conduct of
the affairs of the office. Similar charges
were filed against Director Johnson a year
ago by Mr. Gompers, and after an Inves
tigation by the Treasury Department were
dismissed as unfounded.
Eulogies in the House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— The House
gave an hour to eulogies on the late Rep
resentative Balrd of Louisiana, and be
yond this transacted no business of Im
portance.
FINNS AGAIN APPEAL
FOR SELF-GOVERNMENT
Czar Names the Questions Which tha
Diet of the Dependency May
Discuss.
HELSINGFORS, Finland, Jan. 27. -The,
Czar's speech, which was read at tha
opening of the Diet to-day, explained that
it was intended to take measures to meet
the recent misfortunes In Finland, tha
principal of which was the failure of tha
crops, thus causing largo emigration. The,
proposed measures, it was announced. In
cluded the postponement of the maneu
vers of the reserves, so that the men
would not be prevented from following
their ordinary occupation. As a mean.-; to>
check emigration measures will be taken,
to place people not possessed of property
in a position to acquire land. Questions
not connected with these subjects, tha
speech says, should not be discussed la
the Diet, and the discussions will raise a
doubt as to whether the annexation of
Finland is compatible with exlsUnc con
ditions.
'After the reading of the speech, the
Presidents of the four States replied. Tha
repprts of the nobles dwelt upon the Im
portance which the people attached to
self-government, which they regarded as
a necessity of life. The report of the.
peasantry attributed the increase In emi
gration to the oppressive conditions
weighing upon the Flnlanders. who agreed
to the doubling of the military burdens
on condition that their free social condi
tions should be preserved. The fulfill
ment of this understanding, he said, was
necessary to enable the people to bear
their burdens.
AUTOMOBILE RUN.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— Members of the.
Automobile Club of America assembled
to-day at the Waldorf-Astoria for tha
first club run of the year. The "weather
was very cold, so that only nine machines
were in line when the start was made
against a dead-ahead wind. Of the ma
chines five were gasoline motors, one was
an electric motor, two were locomobiles
and a quadrieycle. The run was to tha
new clubhouse at Irvlngton-on-the-Hud
son, where a lunch was given by J. Bris
ben Walker, and a return, a distance of
fifty-two miles. They started up Fifth,
avenue at a rate of about seven miles an
hour. This was increased 'to fifteen miles
an hour when they got well on their
way.
Funeral of the Duke of Teck.
LONDON, Jan. 27.— The interment of
the remains of the Duke of Teck. who
died on Sunday night at White Lodze.
Richmond Park. Surrey, took place at St.
George's Chapel. Windsor, to-day. It was
a simple ceremony. Fifteen members of
the royal family were present, the Prir.ca
of Wales representing the Queen.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postmaster General Awards Contracts
for Carrying Mails on the
Alaskan Routes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— The Postofflce
Department will on February 15 change
the designation of gub-statlon 1 of Santa
Barbara Postofflce from the Arlington Ho
tel to an independent station, which will
be provided with the usual postal facili
ties. No location has as yet been de
termined upon by the department. The
station, however, will be known until fur
ther notice as station A.
The Postmaster General has awarded
the contract for carrying mails on the
following Alaskan routes: To Leon Sloss
of San Francisco, from St. Michael to
Cape Nome, at $130; from San Francisco
to Circle City and Dawson. $1474; Juneau
to Kodiak, $293; Tyoorich to Summers
City, $130. All contracts Include return
trips.
irom Seattle to Circle City and Daw
son to North American Trading Com
pany of Chicago, at $1198 for the round
In response to the resolution of the
House, the Secretary of the Treasury has
reported the amount of oleomargarine
shipped in Pacific Coast States as fol
lows, during the year ending June, 1599:
California. 74.92S pounds; Oregon, 41,250
pounds; Washington, C 3.345 pounds;
Alaska, IS.OSO pounds.
The Postofflce Department will on
March 7 hold examinations for clerks and
letter-carriers in the postofflce at Taco
ma. Wash.
Representative Kahn to-day Introduced
a bill to reimburse the States of Califor
nia Oregon and Nevada in the sum. of
$4.e?1.105, expended by these States in
suppressing the Southern rebellion; also
a bill to increase the pension of Caroline
L. Guild of San Francisco to $17 per
month. • , -
Representative De Vrles to-day intro
duced a bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue register to any ves
sel built in a foreign country whenever
the same be wrecked in the United States
and purchased and repaired by American
citizens, said repairs being made in the
United States. Any vessel engaged In
coasting or fisheries trade shall be sub
ject to forfeiture under this bill.
The Society of the National White Cross
has had under Investigation Mrs. Jane B.
Creighton of Portland, Or., charged with
having used the funds for transportation
and other expenses, which, it was alleged,
were excessive. The committe reports
that, after a careful Investigation, it finds
that the charges are not supported by re
liable evidence and acquits Mrs. Creigh-
Army orders— By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War the following
named enlisted men will be discharged
from the service of the United States:
Sergeant James Huston, Troop F, Sixth
Cavalry. Presidio. San Francisco; Cor
poral Ladislaus -Szily, Twelfth Infantry.
Philippine Islands.
Private Julian C. Tucker, now supposed
to be in hospital at Benicia Barracks, will
be sent to the general hospital. Fort Bay
ard N. M.. for medical treatment.
Private Frank R. Bromley. Eighteenth
Infantry, now at the general hospital,
Presidio San Francisco, is transferred to
the Hospital Corps at that hospital.
Private William Yanert. Seventh Infan
try now at Fort Egbert, Alaska, will be
discharged from the service of the United
States. v '.V-'', ; ' : ' -'m '¦¦'¦'+*. ''
The following named privates of the
Hospital Corps will be sent to Angel
Island: Maurice S. O'Brien and Floyd
Savior Fort Thomas; Royal A. Nutt. Ed
ward Jackson and Charles E. Woodward.
Pensions for Calif ornians: Original-
Charles Fulghum. Los Angeles, $6; Henry
Goudy, Daunt, $6.
Oregon: Original— James Hamilton, Am
ity, $s. Increase— John" M. G. Schuck,
Farmlngton, $6 to $10.
Washington: Increase— Special, January
17— John Delacatour, Olympla, $S to $12.
Original widows, etc.— Mary Down, Aber
deen, $S.
HIGH WIND ON
EASTERN COAST
But One Vessel Arrived
in New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— As a result of
the great blow last night there was. but
one arrival In Quarantine to-day. This
was the British steamer Dean, which Is
chartered by the Dutch West Indies line.
Captain Hamilton, the master of the
Dean, says that the wind along the coast
exceeded In velocity anything In his ex
perience on the ocean for twenty years.
One of the officers of the ship was car
ried bodily across the bridge from the
port to the starboard side In an unusually
heavy gust at midnight and barely es
caped going overboard. The marine ob
server at the highlands of Navesink
"picked up" half a dozen square-riggers
In the east offing at sunset last evening.
One of the sailers, a bark, was In tow.
Between the Hook and Long Branch he
counted .fifteen schooners at the same
time. None of these arrived during the
night and the Inference Is that they were
blown off shore by the fresh northwester
ly wind.
The wind at midnight had a velocity of
seventy-five miles an hour at the Hook
and between 2 and 4 o'clock Its speed was
measured at eighty-five miles. The fact
that the Jersey and outside Long Island
beaches were windwafd shores gave the
life-savers less responsibility than is or
dinarily felt in a high blow.
None of the regular liners were sight
ed to-day, although the American liner
St. Louis, from Southampton last Satur
day, and the North German Lloyd steam
er Aller, from Bremen a week, ago last
Thursday, were expected to arrive at an
early hour. The two Glasgow liners, the
State of Nebraska of the Allarr-State line
and the Ethiopia of the Anchor line, are
making long passages. The State of Ne
braska Is now seventeen days out from
the Clyde. The Ethiopia left Glasgow the
day after the Nebraska.
WARSHIPS AIDED
KOBBE'S FORCE
INSURED HIS
LIFE FOR THE
GIRL HE LOVED
Then the Mad Lover
.Committed Suicide.
«
SWEETHEART REJECTED HIM
? ¦
xnnrsuAL romance that has
JUST OCCURRED IN CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— Miss Pearl Jack,
whose refusal to become the wife of lor
gensen, an Oak Park milk wagon driver,
drcve him to suicide, will profit to the ex
tent of $5000 by his death.
Jorgensen had been calling on the young
woman for several months and their
friends believed that there was an under
standing between them. The young man
had furnished a flat in a near-by suburb
and made every preparation for matri
mony. Among these was the taking out
of a $5000 life Insurance policy In the name
of his future wife.
When the time came, however. Miss
J?ck declined to have the driver. He was
moody for several days and finally start
ed away. As he left he told his friends
that if he did not return they might di
vide the furniture of his fiat among them.
The next day he was found with a bullet
through his head. Miss Jack upon hear
ing the news said, "I didn't think he
would kill himself on my account." -. "
EL PASO, Tex., Jan. 27.— Friends of
George Lunt and Charles Burns of El
Paso, reported last night to have been
killed with six other Americans by Gen
eral Torres at the recent round-up of
Yaqul Indians, to-day made formal appli
cation to the United States Consul,
Charles W. Klndrick, at Juarez, Mexico,
for a full Investigation of the affair. Con
sul Klndrick notified the State Depart
ment and telegraphed the consular agent
at Guaymas, Mexico, for a complete re
port. Reports from Naco, Ariz., received
to-day confirm the killing of the six
Americans. H. J. Coburn, now here from
Blsbee, Ariz, says the cowboys and
miners In Southern Arizona and Mexico
have organized and are preparing to In
vade Sonora and avenge the murder of
the six prospectors. They will fight
against the Mexican troops for the inde
pendence of the Sonora and the Yaqul
nations, and he Is of the opinion that the
contemplated movement will be crowned
with success.
The El Paso Times, edited by Captain
Juan S. Hart, Cuban Interpreter for the
Evacuation Commission ond a captain of
immunes, wili say to-mcrrow;
"The six men who are paid to have
been dispatched in Spanish style by Tor-
faro games and such lottery Joints as he
could locate to close down and they have
complied, with the single exception of Ed
Kripp, the owner of the Columbia Cafe
at SLxth and J streets. . Kripp, who is
generally known throughout the State as
the manager of the Gilt Edge Baseball
nine, owns poolrooms and keno games
from which In a few years he has grown
rich. He will hold out as long as he can
and will probably barricade his door 3
against me entrance of the police. Chief
Sullivan said to-night that with respect
to xwripp. as with others, he would act
within the law, but he proposed that the
orders of the Mayor shall be carried out
to the letter.
The action of Mayor Clark with regard
to shutting down all illicit games ap
pears to remove the opportunity for the
doubtful Trustees to excuse themselves
from voting for the ordinance Monday
night on the ground that Mayor Clark has
a personal grudge against the poohsellers.
It has just cora» to light that Mayor
Clark has called the clergymen of all de
nominations to a conference and has de
clared to them that he will stop gambling
in Sacramento or give up his office. In
his instructions to Chief Sullivan this
afternoon the following occurs:
All gambling that is against th.3
law must be discontinued. You and
I are called upon to enforce the laws)
as we find them, and if any law of
this State is being violated in our
community our plain duties require
us to punish the offender and to pre
vent repetitions of such violations.
Several of the persons whose interests
are concerned In the Mayor's orders said
to-night that In the event of the passage
of the antl-poolroom ordinance Mayor
Clark will relax his attitude in respect to
other modes of gambling, but this view
certainly does not coincide with the offi
cial utterances and personal pledges of
the new Mayor. It is certain that, in the'
end. no matter how accommodatlnr they
may now appear, the gamblers will not
surrender without a hard fight, and it la
not unllkelv that Sacramento will <»cc
some spirited times . in the next few
months of Mayor's Clark's term.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 27.— The gamblers
of Sacramento are having the fight of
their lives. Mayor Clark this afternon
directed Chief of Police Sullivan to close
down every gambling game and lottery
Joint, and the' carrying out of the order
was immediately entered upon. The new
Mayor has pledged himself either to stop
gambling In Sacramento or resign his of
fice in favor of somebody else. He seems
to be confident of his ability to accomplish
this result, remarking this afternoon thru
all illicit games could be kept from run
ning with the aid of four police officers
bent on the performance of their duty.
In all the churches ' to-morrow sermons
will be preached setting forth the evils
of the poolrooms, and asking citizens to
demand the passage of the anti-poolroom
ordinance at the hand 3 of the Board of
Trustees Monday night. The entire city
Is groused to an appreciation of the men
ace which confronts the schoolboys and
clerks of Sacramento', and which has al
ready brought disgrace to many house
holds. So strong Is the sentiment that not
a few of the most Influential citizens have
publicly expressed the opinion that the
officials who oppose this measure mar
never expect further favors at the han-is
of the people. The Bee to-night arraigns
the doubtful Trustees, and the pressure
which' is being brought against them by
the advocates of the ordinance. Is such
that It Is believed they will be unable to
withstand it.
Scandals innumerable have arisen In the
Police Department for years past because
of the prevalence of all forms of gambling
In this community. Each recurring
Grand Jury has investigated these scan
dals and most of them have returned In
dictments, but these, one after the other,
have been quashed either through some
legal defect or because the political
powers were gamblers themselves or
were closely' allied with their interests.
It remains to be seen what permanent re
sults are to flow from the present cru
sade, but among taxpayers and the heads
of trie households of this city there la no
division of the sentiment supporting
Mayor Clark's determined onslaught.
Chief Sullivan said to The Call corre
spondent to-night that he had notified the
have been a partisan Governor, but tbat
he always tried to be honest.
TRIAL OF SENATOR HARREL.
Colonel Whallen Testifies Against the
Accused Politician.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Jan. 27.— The trial
of State Senator S. B. Harrel, charged by
John H. Whallen with having obtained
money under false pretenses, was begun
here to-day. The case grew out of Har
rel's charge made a^ Frankfort that
Whallen had paid him $4500 to vote
against Goebel in the contest now before
the Legislature.
Whallen, the first witness, told of his
meeting with Harrel in this city, Harrel,
he said, wanted $10,000 to stop the contest,
saying he had letters that would damage
Goebel. Whallen said he and Harrel
agreed that t.ie latter was to get $300 to
stop the contest, but that Harrel was not
to throw his vote in any way. Colonel
WhaJlen agreed to this, after informing:
Harrel that he was not bribing him to
vote, but simply paying him to produce
valuable evidence.
Upon the conclusion of the testimony for
the commonwealth the attorneys for Har
rel. without calling upon Harrel or any
other of their witnesses to testify, moved
that the warrant be dismissed, but this
was overruled and Harrel was held to an
swer to the Grand Jury under bond in the
sum of $1009;
FRANKFORT. Ky., Jan. 27.— The first
actual test of strength between the Rer
publicans and Democratic forces in the
Goebel-Taylor contest came to-day, and
proved a victory for Goebel. The Demo
crats claim the result of to-day's struggle
as decisive, while the Republicans, al
though freely admitting a defeat, declare
Jhat they will fight to the finish and h?..ve
still strong hopes of retaining Governor
Taylor In his seat. _
The fight to-day came on the vote of the
House in the contest brought by H. S.
Van Meter of Fayette County for the seat
heretofore held by Henry S. Berry; Both
Fides realized that the test of real
strength would be made on this issue,
and every effort -was made to get out the
largest possible vote. The vote in favor
of Van Meter was 51 to 43. Hays (R.) and
Sledge (D.) were absent. Berry had no
vote because of his personal interest in
the contest. Speaker Trimble did not vote.
The contest came to a vote on the ques
tion of the adoption of one of two reports
from the committee. The Republicans,
being in the majority on the committee,
presented a majority report in lavor of
Berry. The one Democratic member of
the committee submitted a minority re
port in favor of the seating of Van Meter.
The decision of t" ¦> House was reached
upon a motion to substitute the minority
report in favcr of Van Meter for the ma
jority report in favor of Berry-
As the call proceeded Representative
Balrd, who was considered doubtful by
both sides, declined to vote. Cochran was
the Srst Democrat to vote for Berry; Eg
bert followed him, then came Girder, Lai
ferty. Orr. Hilton and Willingham.
When the call was finished the vote xras
4C to 46, several members present not vot
ing. Egbert changed his vote, making it
47 to 45 in favor of Van Meter. On the call
for absentees Baird sided with Van Meter,
Democratic cheers greeting him as he an
nounced his vote. Three more Democrats
who had. not responded to the rollcall vot
ed for the minority report and the clerk
announced the total 51 to 45.
The majority report as amended by the
minority report was then adopted and
Van Meter was declared a member cf the
House.
There was much wrath in the P.epub
lican ranks ov»*r the failure of E. F.
Hayes of Pulaski County to vote. He
failed entirely to put in an appearance
at the^Statehouse and was seen at the
depot a few minutes before a train ar
rived. ...fter that the Republicans saw
him no more, nor could the members of
the campaign committee locate him, al
though they spent the afternoon in the
search.
Adjutant General Collier hurriedly Im
pressed an engine on the Louisville and
Nashville road and made a Jlying trip to
]^x:r.gton in the effort to find IJayes and
bring him baxk. On reaching Lexington
Ie was informed that Hayes had gone.
He was compelled to return without his
man.
E. G. Sebree, the Republican campaign
manager, declared last night that the
vote on the contest to-day was a crucial
t*>st of strength and expressed himself
es confident of at least fifty votes for
Berry. After the House had adjourned
he said:
"They knocked us out. There is n»
doubt about that. I felt sure of fifty
votes, of course including" Hayes, and
counted on ten Democratic votes for
Kerry. However, ibis is not the vote for
Governor, although the seating of Van
Meter increases the odds against us. I
jTf-sume u.e Democrats will decide the
other contests now pending as this one
has been decided. We will light it out
to the end. however. The people may be
cure of that."
The Democratic leaders, without excep
tion, claim that the seating of Van Meter
foreshadows accurately the seating of
Goebel. The House now stands sixty
iJemocrats, including Van Meter and
Ppeaker Trimble, and forty Republicans:
the Senate, twenty-six Democrats and
twelve Republicans. The Democrats, on
a vote in the Gubernatorial contest, can
have but a possible maximum of twenty
four, as Gofbel will have no vote and
Senator Hill, a Goebel man, is incapac
itated by illness and has never qualified.
Both Eid^s admit the Senate will be very
evenly divided. Seventy votes are neces
sary on joint ballot to seat Goebel as
Governor.
This was the last day allotted to the
contestees. Governor Taylor and Lieuten
ant Governor Marshall, for defense in the
pending Gubernatorial contest. The boards
adjourned promptly at 10 o'clock to-night
To meet on Monday afternoon, when the ar
guments begin. Kach side will be allowed
ten hours for argument, the boards having
fixed that time with the agreement or
counsel.
Governor Bradley was on the stand dur
ing nearly all the session to-night. He
reviewed his political history and his co:i
r.e«tion with the presence of troops at th«»
last election in Louisville, and insisted
that he had acted within his authoiny
and as he had thought the emergency de
manded. Concerning his alleged partisi".
ehip. the ex-Governor confessed that he
-sras an old campaigner, having started
oat in 1870 as a political speaker, but as
to partisanship, he said that he might
COWBOYS PREPARING
TO INVADE MEXICO
Will Avenge the Death of Americans Said to
Have Been Shot for Aiding
Yaquis.
CLARK INAUGURATES
AN ERA OF REFORM
Orders Chief Sullivan to Close All
Gambling Houses in the City
of Sacramento.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
GOEBEL VICTORIOUS IN
THE FIRST TEST VOTE
Van Meter-Berry Contest in the Ken
tucky House Decided in Favor
of the Democrat.
15aoooe9OO6«aoeeoeo«aeoa»ooee»»OGooeooo*e96eo4
I 1146 Market Street,
• NEW STORE. NEW GOODS.
I J. O'BRIEN- & CO.
For the second week of our GREAT CLEARANCE SALE we -will
c place before the public THE GREATEST VALUES EVER OFFERED
© IN THIS CITY. ,'. . . *^tvc^
• 48-inch ALL-WOOL SERGES, In Black and Nary Blue, reduced from
0 75c to 50c a yard. -r-.V
O 52-inch ALL-WOOL CHEVIOTS, In Black and Navy Bine, reduced from
O $1.25 to 75c a yard.
• SILK AND WOOL CREPONS reduced from $4 to $2.75 per yard.
• CHILDREN'S GOLF CAPES, with Silk and Plaid Hoods, worth X 3 75-
O sale price <$3.00. ' '
• TAILOR-MADE SUITS, with box-pleated back, worth $20; sale price
• FUR COLLARETTES, with Astrachan Yokes, worth $6.75; sale price
Ij.o'brTen&co.
• 1146 Market Street.
••••••••••••••••••••••• ••••••ooo»«e*««««9««<
AMONG THE SOLDIER DEAD.
Among the bodies of the soldiers who
lost their lives in the Philippines arriv.ng
on the City of Peking was that of William
S. Boushey, son of Dr. G. Boushey of this
city. Mr, Boushey was a member of Com
pany C. First California Volunteers, and
served with his regiment In its various
engagements. He succumbed to disease in
Manila last May and his body has just
been -brought home. He was connecced
with the postal service in this city for a
number of years and had a host of
friends. .The funeral will be held next
Tuesday at the Presidio, and will be taken
care of by his late comrades, '
NUINADA KOW-TOWED.
Japanese Convict Shows His Respect
for the Court.
With a low kow-tow, as though In the
presence of Buddha cast in lead or other
precious metal, Frank Nuinada faced
Judge Cook yesterday in order- that sen
tence might be passed on him for. his
crime. F.rank was a Japanese cook until
he became a criminal on November 24
last, when he stole a pair of trousers con
taining a check for $150 from G. S. Take
moto, another .Japanese When arrested
Nuinada confessed the theft of the trou
sers, and when called before Judge Cook
to answer to the charge pleaded guilty.
He'said, however, that as he was ignorant
of the existence of the check- he should
be lightly dealt with. Judge Cook took
a different view of the matter, however,
and after the plea of guilty had beer, en
tered ordered Frank to stand up for sen
tence. Frank did as bid, and then back
ing up made a low kow-tow in true Ori
ental fashion. The bailiff suggested that
he stand up straight, but Frank knew how
to conduct himself in the presence of a.
superior" mortal and he remained with
head almost to his knees and arms out
stretched until judgment had been passed.
The court ordered him confined In San
Quentin for a term of three years, and
Frank was led away to prison.
Thomas Curley, convicted on a charga
of grand larceny for the theft of a watch
from J. E- Fitzgibbon, was sent to San
Quentin for ten years by Judge Dunne.
George Williams was sent to San Quentin
for nine years for grand larceny. Judge
Lawlor. sent Andrew Mason to San Quen
tin for a term of five years for grand. lar
ceny.
Sheriff Wants Two Extra Guards.
Sheriff Lackmann yesterday sent a re
quest to Mayor Phelan that he be allowed
two extra guards at Jail 2. He states that
there are thirty-two acres of land near
the Jail owned by the city, which could
be cultivated by the prisoners if there
were a sufficient number of guards. Here
tofore the land was cared for by laborers
from the Street Department, assisted by
the prisoners. If the guards are not al
lowed the Sheriff suggests that the land
be rented, an offer of $300 a year having
been already ¦ received.
CLARENCE EDDY ARRIVES
Famous Organist Is Now in This City
to Give Concerts.
Clarence Eddy, the world famous organ
ist, arrived from Los Angeles yesterday
morning. He will give a scries of con
certs in this city before returning to the
East.
Mr. Eddy has played before biff audi
ences In all the large cities of the world.
winning fame and success wherever he
went. He is upward of 40 years of age
and has been a steady devotee to his in
strument since he. was 12 years old.
NATIVES OF GUAM
IRE CONTENTED
Readily Adopt American
Customs.
•
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— The latest of
the nev.s received here in regard to the
condition of affairs in Guam, the mid-
I'acilic possession of the United States,
is contained in a report just received by
the Secretary of the Navy from Captain
K. P. Lcary, U. S. N.. Governor of Guam.
The report is dated Government House,
Agana. Guam, L. 1., December 7, 1599, and
la as follows:
I>uriTnr the part week the epidemic of typhoid
fever ashore seem* to be waning- and I am
pleased to report that nearly all of our men in
the hospital are doing well and there have
been no deaths in the command since the three
already reported, but unfortunately at this Im
portant period the Tosemite'e Ice machine is
asaln out of commission and the sick are cry
ing for Ice.
We have been able to secure an additional
force of native laborers to work on the sewer
ditches and the.work is progressing favorably,
as is that on the evaporating plant.
I •will take this opportunity to commend Lieu
tenant Leooold for the excellent services that
he has performed at this station, for his zeal,
ability and .energy and especially for his cour
ageous determination to overcome obstacles and
utilize all possible resources available or pro
curable for a successful termination of the dif
ficult tank assigned to him.
The Thanksgiving day service on .shore at
the Roman Catholic church was a treat suc
cess and was attended by a larger congrega
tion than has ever before gathered in- this
island. The ¦ entire assemblage seemed to
evince a sincere, earnest and devout Interest in
their first American Thanksgiving day service
and reports from other villages assure me that
the day was properly respected throughout the
island, all of which Is most gratifying to us as
being representative of their cordial and faith
ful acceptance of the radical chance of gov
ernment.
It is a pleasure to report' that In response to
my general order No. 6 200 people have al
ready enlisted in the ranks of domestic and
civil reformation, a small army of children ar«
Jubilant and the wedding bells are yet a-ring
lnjr.
Grand Ball Given by Groves, Chapters
and Circles in Odd Fellows' Hall.
For the first time in many years the
local groves, chapters and circles of the
United Ancient Order of Druids acted last
S ! ?, h J in giving a grand
ball in Odd Fellows 1 Hall. The hall, which
was tastefully decorated with the colors
of the order, red, blue and green, was
crowded with members, their relatives
a -?, d JJ r ler \ ds > and tne large galleries were
tilled with spectators who did not care to
take part in the dancing. There never has
been so large an attendance in that hall
that so thoroughly enjoyed a programme
of dances as did the one last night. The
several committees were assiduous in the
discharge of their respective duties, and
there was not an incident to mar the
pleasure of one of the greatest reunions
ever held in this city under the auspices
of Druids.
Noble Grand Arch James F. Martinoni
was the floor director and James Hagan
was his assistant. The function was un
der the direction of the following named
committee of arrangements:
J. Hagan, chairman; J. F. Rossi, vice
chairman; F. Horn, treasurer; J. J. Molll
son and E. S. Isaacs, secretaries; C.« Les
ter, C. Berghoffer, A. Pauber, C. D. Ems,
F. Laborde, C. Pauchon. J. M. Wolff C
Carlson. N. W. Christensen, N. C. Bar
rades, J. L. Gomez, -E. C. Luchessa, G.
Raggi, A. Costa, F. Roux, M. J. Enos,
A - Avansino, D. Cereghino,-, L. Palmer,
£•« E - v£ ea J" ney ' A * Valsangiacomo, M.
Bianchl, Mrs. Smith, C. Herpst. N. Dim
mer, E. Johnson, John Gosch, A. S. Hall.
fennTifK^r: MarUn '. Mrs - *•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| B S Baß BbBB ¦¦ ™ BbbbW
TRIAL PACKAGE OF A REMARKABLE REMEDY TO CON-
VINCE PEOPLE IT ACTUALLY GROWS HAIR.
Prevents Hair Falling Out, Removes Dandruff, Restores
Prematurely Gray Hair to Natural Color, Stops Itching
and Restores Luxuriant Growth to Eyebrows,
Eyelashes and Shining Scalps.
Died of His Injuries.
Dennis Daly, the young plumber who
was injured by car 18 of the San Fran
cisco and San Mateo trolley line -at Ocean
View about ten days ago, died at the City
and County Hospital yesterday.
Daly was returning from work at 5
o'clock In the afternoon of Saturday, Jan
uary 20, when he got in front of the elec
tric car bound in. Car 29 had Just reached
Ocean View station, and in some manner
he got between the two cars and- his right
arm was fractured. He also received a
slight wound on the head. He was taken
to the hospital and It was thought at the
time that his injuries were but trifling.
Captain Gillin, upon learning of Daly's
death, ordered the arrest of .T. S. Hunt,
the motorman. The body was removed
la tha Mdxxue,
POUND ON THE BEACH.
Body of an Unidentified Man Discov
ered' in San Mateo County.
The body of a well dressed young man
was found on the beach, at Mussel Point,
in San Mateo County, yesterday after
noon. In his hand was a pistol and he
had evidently committed suicide. He had
been dead for about two days.
The Coroner of San Mateo County was
notified and took charge o( the remains.
On the person of the deceased nothing
was found that would give any clew to
his identity.
TEMPORARILY INSANE.
Mrs. Berncro Killed Herself Because
Her Husband Scolded Her.
A Coroner's Jury yesterday returned a
verdict that Mrs. Louise Bernero of 1
Chambers • place committed suicide on
January 25 by swallowing carbolic acid
while temporarily insane.
The evidence was to the effect that the
woman's father and her husband had up
braided her at the dinner table 'for not
keeping her nine months' old baby clean.
She took the scolding very much to heart
and as soon as her husband. Carlo, left
the house to. go to his saloon at 19 Hlnck-.
ley alley, she swallowed half the contents
of a bottle of carbolic acid.
Tha dead woman was only 22 years old.
WANTS A SUICIDE'S REVOLVER.
Ex-Coroner Hill Threatened With Ar
rest Unless the "Weapon Is
Returned.
Ex-Coroner Hill is threatened with ar
rest unless he produces the revolver with
which Leeds D. Slack, clerk in the Aud
itor's office, shot himself to death in a sa
loon on Market street on January 4. The
revolver was taken possession of by Po
liceman T. C. Murphy, and the following
day Captain Spillane instructed Murphy
to take the weapon to the Coroner's of
fice to be used at the Inquest and to brine
It back with him after the Inquest was
over.
Murphy returned without the revolver,
and told Captain Spillane that he had
handed it to Deputy Coroner Sullivan
who. had refused to return It, as be said
he was quite able to take care of it him
self. Since then a brother of Slack has
called two or three times at Captain
Splllane's office, demanding that the re
volver be given Into his custody, as It bo
longed to his brother. When application
was made at the Coroner's office the re
volver had disappeared and no trace of it
can. be found. Slack's brother saw Cap
tain Spillane yesterday and said that un
less the revolver was produced by the ex-
Coroner he would have him arrested.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. B. B. Clow of Banger is at the Lick.
Dr. J. A. McGuire of Santa Cruz is at
the Lick.
J. M. Gellett of Eureka Is registered at
the Grand.
Dr. E. A. Bryant of Lm Angeles is at
the Palace. -
Thomas Barry, a merchant of Napa, Is
at the Russ.
Dr. C. G. Carglll of San Juan Is stop
ping at the Russ.
M. R. Maddox, a capitalist of Seattle,
is at the Occidental.
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. and wife are
stopping at the Palace.
F. H. Lilly, a business man of Los
Angeles, is at the Occidental.
C. H. Campbell and A. W. Hewitt of
¦Stcckton are stopping at the Grand.
Charles McElroy, a mining man of
Sierra Valley, is stopping at the Husa.
Charles H. Wheeler, a merchant ,of
Honolulu, is stopping at the Occidental.
S. D. Magnes, a merchant of Seattle, ac
companied by his wife, is stopping at tha
Lick.
. A. P. Steward, agent of the Chicago and
Alton Railroad, is registered at the Occi
dental. : V .
- L. R. Vance, the naval contractor, came
down from Vallejo yesterday and is stop
ping at the Occidental.
Hervey L4ndl«y, the well known politi
cian, formerly of Los Angeles, is at the
Palace, where he will remain for. a few
days.
George W. Otterson, general manager
of the Del Oro Hydraulic Mining Com
pany of Manson Creek, B. C, is stopping
at the Grand. .-; ,:,\ *
ment clubs, has accomplished through Its
young attorney, F. C. Kimball, the secre
tary, and John Barduhn. Its president,
an extension of the ear service along
Twenty-fourth street, from Potrero ave
nue to Rhode Island street.
A committee from the club called upon
Manager Vlnlng yesterday morning and
told him of the organization's desire to
have the opening of the extension formal
ly celebrated, and he placed a special car
at their disposal. It was decided to have
this vehicle start at 6:45 o'clock ' this
evening from the Mission street carhouse
and convey the club members and their
invited guests to Rhode Island and Twen
ty-fourth street, where a bonfire will
blaze and speeches will be made by some
of the men who have worked for the com
pletion of the extension.
WORKING FOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Preparations for Celebration of Open
ing of New Street Car Line.
The various improvement clubs in the
outlying sections of the city are working
with renewed vigor in an effort to get a
portion of the bond money for the better
ment of their respective districts.
The Sunset Club Is working with vigor
in extending its building territory west.
Within the past six months considerable
headway has been made on Nineteenth
avenue from Golden Gate Park toward
Ingleslde road, via Trocadero. This ave
nue has been graded and macadamized
for a considerable distance south of the
park. The Supervisors have appropriated
$10 000 for the -filling in and bridging of a
gulch on the line of the avenue. Keeping
pace with this movement the property
owners on the line of the Improved ave
nue have assessed themselves so much
per foot to purchase bunch grass, which
will be planted on both sides of the drive
way, to prevent the drifting of sand.
As an Incentive to other property own
ers, W r . H. Thornley has Just contracted
for the erection of a $6000 residence on
II street at the north end of Nineteenth
avenue. Other property owners have sig
nified their intentions of following his
Precita Valley, which lies at the toot
of Bernal Heights, is also in the line of
progress. In addition to its requirements
In the line of street improvements it re
quests from the new administration the
erection of a school building south of
Army street.
The necessity for an engine building in
which the fire department may establish
an additional company is also urged. The
club at Its last meeting appointed a com
mittee consisting of T. E. Curran,' John
T. Graham and D. Goggin to co-operate
with other clubs in the movement against
the Southern Pacific Railroad continuing
its train service through the Mission.
The Nuevo Potrero Club, which is the
baby organization in the field of Improve-
JAMES AND KIDDER
IN SHAKESPEARE
MR, JAMES' title to • acceptance
as a legitimate actor is clear
only within the lines of serious
work. Strangely enough, this
irreverent trifler is worthy of con
sideration only when he assumes j a
role in which there is dignity of pur
pose and depth of intention. His Autoly
cus was beside the mark, and his
Charles Surface a disreputable caricature,
but as Hamlet he commands immediate
attention and evinces in his acting of It
both subtlety and symmetry.
I had not seen James in the role before,
and did not look for commendable qual
ities that he yesterday displayed in the
enactment of it, and the credit that I
think is due him seems all the greater for
this reason. His conception of the part
is neither luminous nor ideal, but It is
careful, honest, rational. Tradition lifts
its hideous head in the Shakespearean es
says of all artists, but there is enough
originality of treatment in Mr. James'
Hamlet to make it interesting. He does
not resort to cheap devices to impress
the untutored. He does not act by fits
and starts. He is not too much the slave
to precedent, and gives to many uncon
sldered passages the impress of a finely
studied art. This is notably so in the sec
ond act, in which his colloquy with Polo
nius is most happily handled. In the In
tense and less subtle scenes he does not
do so well.
Miss Kidder Is out of her element again
as Ophelia, though there is always the
charm of her personality to consider. She
is not so much the girl as she is the
woman, for the molding of her mentality
is essentially mature.
« • • ¦
Louis James and Kathryn Kidder In
"Macbeth" afford excellent entertainment.
The play itself is tremendous and the
roles of Glammis and his spouse as diffi
cult as any, in the Shakesperean repertory.
Mr. James' sinks his individuality more in
the part of Macbeth than in any other
character, and acts it effectively. He has
at once the heroic front and th© craven
heart. He is the tyrant and the coward
and lends to the work in hand an Impulse
tempered with repression that is eminent
ly artistic. The weakness of spirit that
now and again besets the guilty Thane is
admirably depicted in pitiable abjectness.
In the scene with his lady after the mur
der of Duncan Mr. James makes Macbeth
absolutely puerile, and I think correctly
so.
In the banquet scene his acting is admi
rable. . It is high wrought Indeed, but well
within the limits of dramatic dignity. Mr.
James does not rant, which fact cannot
better be attested than by comparing bis
dynamic range with that of Mr. Hanford.
The latter bellows the lines of Macduff
with a voice that would put a steam siren
to shame, and is ably followed by Barry
Johnstone in the part of Banquo.
Miss Kidder is pleasing as Lady Mac
beth, if 1 may use the word in cohnection
with the character. Except for the fact
that at times she uses her voice too
openly, her diction is admirable and her
acting not merely intelligent but intellec
tual. Nothing could .be better than the
art with which she incites her timorous
husband to crime. Her appearance is in
itself a lasting delight. She has appa
rently a remarkable feeling for the pic
turesque and is always the nucleus of the
scenic scheme. There is - verlty\ in her
vestments and a very high order of art
in her adaptment to the costumes of
classic periods.
;• • •
Mile. Trebelll's third concert was a suc
cess in every way, if we are to Judge by
the size and appreciation of the audience.
I have offered some btrictures on her
style, but I find her an enjoyable artist,
who in a broad sense sings admirably.
Her interpretation of difficult numbers is
alwa>'3 interesting; there is meaning in
everything ehe Binga, despite a lack of
tone color in her voice. .The dramatic
quality of which she at first- seemed de
ficient was abundantly attested In her
Ringing of "Vous gui me fuyer." by Duve
noy, which is in itself an Immense thing,
not lightly to be undertaken. It was the
most enjoyable item of an interesting pro
gramme. Tbe "Ah, Lo So" from "The
Magic . Flute"' was giver with much art
and its pathos, while not all that it might
be, was well expressed. Mllo. Trebelll
also sang the "Batti, Batti" from "Don
Giovanni with spirit, and other numbers
in a manner that could not fall. to please.
I do not find her voice naturally pleas
ant, and her way of singing is, variously
vulnerable, but she has with her tech
nical blemishes, a technical command that
is admirable and much taste of interpre
tation, besides personal qualities that are
sure to captivate her listeners.- :. • - -
jrQRT.EE. OARNEXX.
TWO BOYS ARE
ARRESTED FOR
DARING CRIME
Drove Off With Rig
and Coin.
FIVE DETECTIVES ON CASE
?
BEHIND BABS AT CALIFORNIA
STREET STATION.
Two boys giving their names as Ed
Smith and James O'Brien, each about
17 years of age, were arrested last night
and taken to the California-street station;
where their names were placed on the
small book. Both are supposed to have
been implicated lp the daring robbery of
a horse, wagon and »iOO in coin, committed
at the corner of California and Davis
streets, on December 3L
The crime with which the boys will
probably be charged with later was one
of the most daring that has been record
ed in police annals for some time. About
noon of the day mentioned Bert McCoy,
a driver for Robert McCoy & Co., grocers
at 156 Ninth street; drove to the corner of
Davis and California streets. In his
wagon was a quantity of provisions and
on the seat lay an overcoat containing
$700 in coin, with which he intended to
purchase holiday goods.
McCoy entered a commission house and
remained inside for a few minutes. When
he came out again he was dumfounded to
find that some one had driven off with the
horse and wagon and the overcoat and
coin.
A short time afterward a message was
received from a police officer that the
horse and -waeon had been found at the
corner of Vallejo and Jones streets, but
that the overcoat, money and groceries
had disappeared. Detectives Dillon,
Crockett, Wren, Dinan and Reynolds were
detailed on the case by Captain Bohen
and on the day following the crime ar
rested Charles Huth, a restaurant keeper
at 311 Montgomery avenue, for complicity
in the crime. In Huth's place was found
a quantity of the stolen groceries.
About 10 o'clock last night Detectives
Wren and Dillon arrested Smith and
O'Brien and the alleged thieves were soon
lodged behind the bars. The detectives
say that they have conclusive evidence
against the pair.
MISS EMMA EMOND, Salem, Mass.
ISAAC ADAMS, Lake City, lowa.
Those who are losing their hair or have
parted with their locks can have It restored by
a remedy that is sent free to all. A Cincinnati
firm has concluded that the best way to con-
vince people that hair can be grown on any
head is to let them try It and see for them-
selves. All sorts of theories have been ad-
vanced to account for falling hair, but after
all It Is the remedy we are after and not the
theory. People who need more hair or are
anxious to save what they have or from sick-
ness, dandruff or other causes have lost their
hair should at once send their name and ad-
dress to the Altenhelm Medical Dispensary.
955 Butterfleld building, Cincinnati, Ohio, In-
closing a 2-cent stamp to cover postage, and
they will forward prepaid by mail, a sufficient
free trial package of their remedy to fully
prove Its remarkable action in quickly remov-
ing all trace of dandruff and scalp diseases
and forcing a new growth of hair.
MISS EMMA EMOND.
The portraits of Miss Emma Emond show
what a striking difference is made In a per-
son when the bald head 13 covered with hair.
Miss Emond was totally bald, the hair follicles
not only upon her head, but upon her eye-
brows, being completely contracted, not tha
sign of a hair being found. She sent for a
free trial of the Foso Remedies and was re-
warded by a growth of hair which for thick-
ness, quality and luxuriance was as remark-
able as the result was gratifying. Miss Emond
lives in Salem. Mass., at 278 Washington street.
ISAAC H. ADAMS.
Isaac H. Adams of Lake City. lows. Is a con-
spicuous example of tha fact that baldness can
be cured. He says: "My hair cama out so bad
that I got bald all over the top of my head and
the scalp got shiny. ' I used the Foso Treatment
and In forty-eight hours the remainder of my
hair stopped falling out and In a, few weeks I
had as fine a growth of hair as any man would
want." Mr. Adams sent his photographs to the
proprietor of the Foso Remedies to show that
a remarkable change has been produced.
Mrs. J. 8. Weed, treasurer of Swarta Corps
No. Bt, TV. H. C, with headquarters at New
Albany, Bradford County. Pa., owes a luxur-
iant growth of hair to the famous Fo»o # Rema-
dtes. and although past fifty years of aga her
hair grew out with astonishing luxuriance.
Mrs. Weed kindly consented to permit her pho-
tographs to be sketched, ona taken some tlma
ago when she was prematurely bald and a later
one taken recently showing the beautiful effects
of this remarkable hair grower.
CHAS. W. BISHOP.
Tha experienea of Chas. W. Bishop of La-
throp, Mich., will doubtless encourage many
another bald head to "go thou and do like-
wise." Mr. Bishop sent for a frea trial of
tha Foso Remedy, and by diligent application
has secured a fine growth of hair, aa shown
In his portrait above. Mr. Bishop say«: "Al-
though I am 57 years old and had a ahlaing
crown for many years I am glad to say that
thla wonderful remedy has made my hair grow
out In a most remarkable manner. It began
with a fine tuzz, gradually getting atronger
and thicker, until I could comb and brush it
as In tha days of my youth. I can honestly
recommend It to every one."
WBTTE FOB FREE TBIAX.
The thousand* of people who ara bald or ar«
losing their hair and think the condition la In-
curable should send their name and address
to the Altenh«lm Medical Dispensary, 183 But-
terfleld building. Cincinnati. Ohio. Inclosing a
2-cent stamp to cover postage, for a free trial
of thla wonderful hair grower. It Is not a
patent medicine product, but the discovery of
a well-known chemist and author. Professor
Stoke*, on the subject of hair and lt« growth.
It ha* had a most remarkable success and has
fully settled the fact that hair can be made
to grow on the baldest head, no matter what
caused it to fall out or how many years the
•calp has been shiny. Send for the free trial
to-day and make a test of this truly marvelous
hair growtr. Send for It whether you have
any faith or not. It will astonish you with Its
wonderful effect on the scalp.
' ADVERTISEMENT^
§ I Ladles' SaSf Capas. ' EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING OF I^K^cffiSiS'" %
w Ma.< 3 * of stylish _^ tm HHCP «^^S
SZZ In the past we have advertised and shown many distinctive bargains in Black Silks, but the following: Z2
quotations represent the most marvelous values of any heretofore mentioned. Five hundred pieces were closed -^
£= out by us for Spot Cash from one of the leading importing houses at much below the present cost of the raw ---»
iZH silk. We are thus enabled to make this unprecedented offering:
I BLACK TT/\F r F r Err/\S. |
£r Qrr r YARD— 2500 ' yards 27-inch Black Taffeta Silk, f)sr YARD— 2000 yards 10-inch Black Taffeta Silk, rS
»- OJI a most SU p C nor quality, of a very high finish; heavy and lustrous; regular value 85c. Z2
SJ^ regular value $1.25.
fc: 7T r YARD— 2000 yards 24-inch Black Taffeta CI A7l YARD— 1200 yards 24-inch Black Glace
ZZ * iK * Silk, a very heavy and rustling quality; regu- V P | « V " » Taffeta Silk, a magnificent quality, of a
«S- lar value $1.00. ' brilliant finish and extra heavy.
<?il J. 7 YARD— 1200 yards 24-inch Black Dress -
g- *?••**¦<* Taffeta Silk, the celebrated "Bonnet" make, QOr YARD— 1000 yards 20-inch .Black Pcau de r^
•p- the grandest Black Taffeta produced, extra heavy and Soie. an extra heavy erade, high finish, and
«^- of a brilliant luster* regular value $2.00 yard. w*ar sruaranteed; regular value $1.25. =S5
These Silks are the production of the most celebrated European manufacturers, and therefore are thor- -^
SI oughly reliable. Every yard is perfectly woven, beautifully dyed, and made for elegance and service. r£i
2£ZZ ¦ SALE BEGINS TO-MORROW, JANUARY 29.
£ GRAND FINALE TO OUR GREAT CLEARANCE SALE. _ 2
5= Our anxiety to dispose of the balance of our Fall and Winter Stock, regardless of cost or value, is cvi- =32
J£= denced by the great reductions we have made on the following lines: .
sr THE EMBROIDERY SALE TO BE CONTINUED. 3 GREAT LEADERS IN COLORED DRESS GOODS 3
SZ There are All Overs, E&zins% ana Insertion*. In beautiful and TOUR CHOICE C»Q KA A gUIT. -£>
5= artißtic fieslens. neat tad «iqui»lte efTecU. for Baby Clothe* and WHILE THEY LABT. <&&»<J\J Regular valu» $5 and JB.
•*— x^r.m*n-« Ur«n« I Homeepun Suitings. On« of the clever and sturdy Scotch -^
g- w omen * l* l **™- 1 # weave* that continues to trow In grace and favor; war- .r^
•*- Thousand! of yards of fine In»ertlßra at 10c yard ranted All Wool; in four leading shades of Gray. -^
S= Thousand, of yard* of neat Edging* at. Co yard II Navy Blue Cheviot: 48 lnchee wide; of a superior miallty; -*»
!- I_ . . . . _.- _/l . ,a» __* ¦¦• guaranteed All Wool; thoroughly sponsed and shrunk. -^»
& Z?°<^f "< 7*^< <**?• J^«~™«~ FtJTI 111 Ch^ ot p la" Baiting,; 46 Inches wide; In the best and =5
r~ . Thousand* of yard* of fine Embroidery Edging:, 3 incne* 111* m ost correct Dark Colorings; a splendid fabric for a — *
y~ wide, very choice pattern*, at 250 yard stylish and serviceable street costume. . — •«¦
H~~ " GREAT REMNANT SALE OF BLACK GOODS AT HALF PRICE. I H
TT~ T*> btrin to-morrow with our Clean-up Sale of Remnant* in Black Dress Ooode. Our great Clearance Bale about to be — «*
brcuirkt to a close has left us an accumulation of hundreds of Remnants, In lengths from 2 to 6 yards. They comprise all the -^*
••"" fa*hfonj»Ne weaves, such as 611k Mattel&sses. Crepons. Cheviots. Venetians, Whip Cords, Camel's Hair ana many other well- _^
y— known fabrics. No matter what the former pries has been, no matter what the original cost may have been, we price the entire — «a»
j^— lot a* ONE-HALF THE ORIGINAL SELLING PRICE. — ¦•
Come to-morrow prepared to receive the greatest Remrant bargains ever offered. . — « ¦•
»- I
FTf HMVPI PTTF An accumulation of the best I f\W C* CA rt'T'l-f We will place on sale to-morrow 33
»~ r L.A.i>ii CL.EI 1 1 *-.• quality, la pretty stripes and L»VJII VI V^iU All* and while the lot lasts, 60 piece* —»
%T~ checks of p'.nk blue and lavender; also dark effects in £Jl/-» of Long Cloth; an exceptionally fine quality; fully 86 inches. wide. *"*•
Tersian colorings; former price 12V4c; closing price, YARD Vl4v each piece containing 12 yards; regular value of same <£f.05 73
~ rOMPOPTFRQ l*^ 81 «: th **« ?£* For a Bpecl<u V apiece Ol—
VUJiirUlv 1 a-lvO* white cotton; covered with a -^»
II a .^*^™:.?^^ 61- WRAPPERS. J^^^n^V&VZZ 3
E FLANNEL WAISTS. STSS-S^SS IK SS!^ I S^ S^^ SA 3 .
rvlVh^V^hahJTed^ S*™*.^^*!™^?^'.^**"-^-* 98C 3
over. Here are the new Quotations: -^*
SC^ Our 12.50 Waists for ~ 5*- OR Wrappers made of a pretty German Flannel; handsome styles; — «i
¦fc— Our 14. (>0 Waists for 52.05 prettily trimmed; extra length .and width; regular ci.!l,"> I^£
***~ Our J6. 00 Waists for $3.05 value $3.00 and $2.50; closing price €J> 1 j
£ j INE\A/ 1900 F^OULMRD SILKS.-" — — —
i»V- I y ou know the eleranee and popularity of Foulards. They are here in great profusion, in the choicest productions of the design- -^t
*>— I fr - r an^| p;iic weaver's art. Our selection* are confined to us exclusively, and most of these patterns come In only one or two *-*?
g7~ I dre*E ler.rths, thu* assuring ladies of exclusive cowns. Come and see them. Tir
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. 3
CARNEGIE'S VIEW
AS TO CHARITY
Must Be Discriminating
to Be Effective.
AIDING OF BEGGARS DECRIED
TENDS TO THE INCREASE OF
PAUPERISM.
Turning to National Policy, the Mil
lionaire Justifies His Course
in Striving Against ..
Imperialism.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— Andrew Carnegie
was the guest of honor at a dinner given
by the Lotos Club to-night. There were
numerous speakers, chief among them be
ing Mr. Carnegie, President Lawrence of
the Lotos Club, President Seth Low and
W. Bourke Cochran. In the course of his
speech Mr. Carnesie said:
Private charity must be discriminating In
order to be useful. More pauperism will be
bred by Indiscriminate charity. Let a multi
millionaire take his millions to the slums and
call the people together, saying: "There is a
wrong distribution of wealth in the world; you
have not cot your share; I gtve to each onfe
of you his share in my millions." Let that
be done In the morning and let the millionaire
return at night to see what good his action has
dono and he will not find happiness, but pan
demonium. Let him distribute another million
and another million every day for a month and
pauperization will increase every day. He had
dene more injury in a month than he will good
all the rest of his life.
It is difficult to help those who do not help
themselves, and my preference for free librar
ies as a means of assisting mankind is that
libraries give nothing for nothing; in order to
get benefit every man himself must read and
study. As for money given to beggars of
whose needs and habits we are Ignorant, I
can conceive of no use of money so well cal
culated to Increase pauperism and demoralize
the people. .
To be popular is easy; to be right when
right Is unpopular is difficult.
When the passions are aroused and the war
fever rages any man can be popular who howla
for war, but the most valuable citizen of the
State at that time will ' probably be the citi
zen who opposes the drawing of the sword.
The heroes of political life are not those who
stir the lowest passions of the people, but
those who have stood against their govern
ments, demanding Justice for countries other
than their own. I repudiate with scorn the
immoral doctrine, "Our country, right or
wrong." If my country is wrong or my friend
is wrong I am their beßt friend If I endeavor
to show both that for a moment they have
been led astray, have deserted the path of
honor, or mercy, or Justice. I have never
written a word which my conscience did not
Impel me to write, nor stood for a cause that
I did not consider holy. When my country is
wrong may she receive the lesson that "right
eousness eicalteth a nation." The flag we all
love and revere we love and revere for what
it stands for. It should be the'symbol of what
is right, noble .and Just. He is no patriot who
encourages his country to take the wrong
path. Xot he who follows but he who leads
public opinion in the right path is the best
citizen, who, above all others, should b« most
highly honored.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JASTOARY 28, 1900.
HOW THE MAINE
WAS BLOWN UP
Statement of a Spanish
: . Informer.
PARTICIPATED IN THE PLOT
»
TOBPEDO PIiACED UNDER THE
WABSHIP.
? . —
Eduard Jose de Martinez S-wears That
Havana Officials Arranged All
Details and Carried Out the
Diabolical Plan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— The Herald will
to-morrow print a long etory of state
ments made by Eduard Jose de Martinez,
who claims to -have been implicated under
Government orders in the explosion which
wrecked the battleship Maine in Havana
harbor and slaughtered hundreds of
American sailors. The Herald does not
vouch for the truthfulness of the state
ments, but the tale is supported by the
sworn testimony of the informer, who
professes to have been, if not an actual
participant in the work, at least an active
observer of the preparations. One of the
most remarkable features of the story is
the fact that De Martinez did not take ref
uge in Spain after the explosion, but in
the United States, in a little town in Ala
bama—Gordon—just north of the' Florida
line. The story of this man was told to
the officials of the Wax and Navy depart
ments. To Secretary of the Navy Long
and Commander Wainwright, the Maine's
executive officer, and to Chief Wllkie of
the secret service, this man gives the
mest minute details and shows copies of
cipher dispatches to support his remark
able story. Neither expert was convinced
of the complete truthfulness of the Span
lard's statement nor the authenticity of
his documents, yet neither was satisfied
that they were wholly false.
One interesting fact is that certain offi
cials in Washington do not care to know
who blew up the Maine and would shun
an investigation to that end. That is to
say. they do not desire to know It offi
cially, though they find the topic an inter
esting one unofficially.
Do Martinez make« a sworn'statement in
Washington, dated January 24, in which
the deponent says he is and has been by
birth a subject of Spain, and from th©
/ear 1896 until March i, 1898, he was a
trusted employe in the secret service of
Spain: In ISU7 he was on duty in the United
States and was ordered to report in
Madrid. The deponent says he attended
a military council which was held on De
cember 16 and 17. After making his re
port on the New York and Pensacola har
bor defenses he was given further instruc
tions to proceed to Savannah, accom
panied by Senor Mendola, as the bearer of
certain dispatches and instructions re
ceived from the hands of the Due de Rio
and Captain Varteril and approved bj» the
council. Copies of these documents aro
appended to the sworn statement of de
ponent.
Deponent says that various mines and
torpedoes were prepared and laid under
the direction of said Lieutenant E
C , and it was one.of the mines so made
and placed— buoy No. 4, on the night of
February 14 — that blew up the Lfnited
States battleship Maine in the harbor of
Havana on the following night, February
15, 1898. Deponent further says that the
details of the preparation made for this
explosion as reported by him to a repre
sentative of the New York Herald and
the Btory of his movements, both before
and after that event, as given to said rep
rebentative of the New York Herald, are
accurate and truthful in all respects to
the best of his knowledge and belief.
The Fund Divided.
At the closing meeting of the Native
Sons' and Daughters' committee on the
reception of the First California Volun
teers, the affairs were wound up and
there remained a surplus of about 1250.
It was decided to contribute one-half of
this sum to the Native Sons' board of re
l lief and the other halt to the Native
• Daughters' B<u»*» , .--;
CHAS. W. BISHOP. Lathrop, Mien.
fik^^^^^f
MBS. J. S. WEED. New Albany, Pa.
MRS. J. S, WEED.
Dependable Drugs
Pears'
Soap
15 Cents
I Everybody uses soap —
but not good soap.
\ Now what is the use of
buying cheap, inferior soap
when Pears' soap is only 15
cents r
! That's our price.
Pir.kham's Compound 75c
Pierces Prescription 75c
Pierces Discovery 75^
; Msitir.es 85c
Hall's Catarrh Cure 65c
Hoocfs Sarsaparilla 75c
Ayer's Sarsaparilla 75c
Warner's Safe Cure Ji
Paine's Celery Compound 75^
Syrup of Figs 35C
Bromo-Quinine Laxative 20c
Pond's Extract 40c
Castoria 25c
Carter's Pills 15c
Pinkham's Pills 20c
Radway's Pills 20c
Scott's Emulsion . . 75c
; Angier's Emulsion 40c
Kilmer's Swamp Root 40c
King's New Discovery 40c
Munyon's Remedies— each 20c
Epsom's Salts—pound 10c
Cuticura Hemedies— full set 95c
Sozodont 20c
Cascarets ice, 20c, 40c
Free delivery to r«!!ro«d points within
Sao milts on xrJers of fj or up.
. 1128 MARKET ST
10th and BROADWAY. o»um
16
DANCE OP THE DRUIDS.Social Democratic Meeting .
A meeting under the auspices of the
Social Democratic party will be held at
the Temple. 117 Turk street, thl3 evening.
Dr. Mary Robert Smith will speak on
"The Social Aspect of the Police Courts."
Mrs. J. E. Spencer, Rose M. French and
Mrs. J. Heacock will also address tha
meeting.
In Contra Costa County: John Wilhelm
and wife to Frank Krach, fifty acres in
the Rancho del Monte Diablo, with im
provements, for $4000; Galindo estate to
Gill & Bartnett, 102 acres In the same
ranch, for $32W: G. W. Christmer to
Southern California Bank. 420 acres in the
San Ramon Rancho. for $14,000.
A tract of redwood timber land, con
sisting of 640 acres, in Mendocino County,
has been sold through I. C. Scharff by
Charles Holquar to Max H. Wilcoxson
for $4450. The same broker has effected
the sale of 100 acres near Capltola, Santa
Cruz County, from Eric.Hansen to Henry
G Eastlan, for $7000; sixty-six awres. eight
miles south of Watsonville, in the Prune
dale Colony, for $2000, and fifteen acres
between Pleasanton. and Llvermore, for
$2250. '
The German Bank has sold 320 acres
near Occidental, Sonoma County, to C. E.
Fuller for $S500; sixty acr^. near Lcmoore,
Go-Car is.
Largest p> ¦ ¦ ¦ >f>
assortment ff ff
in town to if v
choose fr FiiP^? ?
theGo-Cart '^ | U *
tnra has a /5 s - 1 *^ ••¦ hL Y/yi
varnished Pslills
tinned steel /wa(/|/\/ \/
wheels with (Sx^fgLzr-/ AakiK xL*
hubs, scroll . > »* -^ VJ^^
springs, foot
brake, a well-made, serviceable cart and
costs but $3.50. ;
50 styles from $3.50 to $20.00.
Ideal Reclining Go-Cart— a reclining back
and movable foot rest — at prices rang-
ing from $6.50 to SISmOO
SECOND FLOOR— WEST SIDE.
Prices Li^e ihiso for
Pure Liquors.
Bourbon Whiskey— full quarts— bottle....
$1.00
Jesee Moore AA Whiskey — b0tt1e... 050
White Wine— good quality — gallon.soo
Best American Stout — quality guaran-
teed—money refunded if not satisfac-
tory— -dozen $ImOO
MAIN FLOOR— REAR.
One Dollar Gloves.
These fit and /t\^^--—CI "X
wear satisfao f^W^X — ¦> A
torily. £j
Ladies' 2-clasp VS&zftiZ, "~ / fj
Mocha, in sea- /OVX} I \\l>.
sonable shades * v *'ii> I /
of red, blue, green, brown, I
tan and gray .SI.OO U V
Ladies' 2-clasp Imitation
Dent Gloves, street colors $1.00
The Plaoo to Buy
Trunks and Bags..
Trunks, Steamer
Trunks. Rag
Straps, Steamer
Rugs, etc., at less than the usual retail
prices.
A good 13-inch Grain Leather Satchel with
leatherette lining $1.85
A Real Alligator 14-inch Satchel— leather
lined, with patent fasteners to hold
upon $4.25
22-inch. Sole Leather Dress Suit Cases
with linen linings, inside pocket, straps,
etc $8.00
FIRST FLOOR, NEAR ELEVATOR.
* — "^^£^3^ lb., sOc— l
lb., 3Oc— 2-oz. pkgs., 3for 25o—\-
oz. pkgs., 6 for— 250
Pedro—
lb., 500— 2J-oz. pkgs., 2 for 15c
Dixey Queen—
lb., 450— 2-oz. pkgs., 6 for 25c
Cameo Smoking Tobacco —
2-oz. packages, 6 for 250
Plum Smoking Tobacco—
2-oz. packages, 2 for 150
Arlington Smoking Tobacco —
2-oz. packages, 2 for -15 O
Olgare ttOS — Cameo, " Brights,"
Vanity Fair, Sweet Caporal— 6 packs
for... 250
Monday Only,
'? 9 V^S3C Big Comforters,
C^\Z^n %fl A Bma H l ot ( 72 ' frN-ska Bed Com-
/A^rrA I m forters — silkoline covered— good,
'\}l \so3s*\^£*^ clean, white cotton filling— hand
/ t?!^^ s^?^^^ tufted— on Bale to-morrow (Mon-
/ S^'^^^^'r w^ e Quantity last 3, at the
| Y/Mjs&i?-!^' l^" remarkably low price— each.. BBo
) D Ry GOODS DEPARTMENT—
>S ADJOINING ELEVATORS. .
__ Early Spring Showing
Wash Fabrics.
Now Pernales— 37s more pieces
added to our spring arrivals during the
past week, patterns and colorings the
newest, width 36 inches, price... 12\O
New Gropons — Prettily colored
new wash Crepons, in dainty stripes and
figures, a 1900 novelty, per yard.. 150
French Organdies— The real
thing, from Alsace-Lorraine, a high
class fabric in the prettiest of new
spring colorings, per yard
25c to COc
White Organdies-Sheer, even
. threaded white French Organdies, 63
inches wide, per yard 35c
FOURTH SECTION— LEFT OF EN-
TRANCE.
Extra Special Prices on '.
Carpets — Limofeums.
Large additions during the past week to our immense stock
of Carpets — some very handsome new designs and color effects
The following special prices are for the week :
Tapestry Carpets, with or without borders, in very pleasing
designs — per yard 45c
All-wool Ingrain Carpet - very superior quality, scroll and
floral designs, in pleasing colors— per yard '. 53c
Wilton Velvet Carpets — handsome' designs in Persian, floral
and scroll effects, with borders to match — per yard 85s
Body Brussels Carpet -one of the best standard makes, and
the best wearing Carpet made — this week, per yard 950
Axminster Carpet— the favorite covering for parlor floors —
soft, deep pile — very pretty patterns and exquisite color
effects — per yard 95c
Linoleums— looo yards of Remnants to be closed out this
week at a discount of 35 per cent from regular prices :
$1.00 grade..6sc 75c grade,..4ff Jo 50c grade...3.2£o
85c grade... .ssc 65cgrade...4 t i?i!? :.'
Music Half Price.
Until further notice the big
store will supply you with any sheet
music published at one-half publishers'
prices:
$1.00 Music. ..soo 50c Mu5ic....;250
75c Music 38c 40c Music....2Oc
AJUSIC DEPARTMENT — SECOND
FLOOR.
Unmatchablo Prices lor
Household Linens.
Bleached Sheets - Good quality
cotton Sheets, well made, 81x9 i
inches, each.. 52\G
PiSiOW Gases — Nicely made, fancy
hair-line thread ends, 2 sizes in this
grade, 45x36 inches, 1Oc; 50x36
inches 12\O
Bleached Damask— Very heavy,
strictly all linen, evenly and closely
woven, patterns new, width G6 inches,
price per yard 70C
Cream Damasks— A good, half
bleached Table Damask containing no
dressing, width 66 inches, 4 new pat-
terns, a splendid value, per yard.. 7Oc
Bleached Damask- A. nice
grade, 6 ) inches wide, strictly flax, in
desirable patterns and unusually good
value, per yard sdO
Bleach ad Napkins— lrish linen,
prettily patterned, 23 inches square,
per dozen , $1.75
east of Buchanan street, to cost $3390;
San Francisco Art Association with John
H. Keefe, for renovating and Improving
buildings on property bounded by Pine.
Powell, Mason and California streets, for
$3025; W. & J. Sloane & Co. with J.
Thounson, to erect fixtures, etc.. In the
building on the northwest comer of Post
and Gardner streets, to cost $2596. The
other contracts of the week ranged In
value from $1073 to $24fio. ;,!
* '
Borel made a loan of $30,000. Releases
were $275,575, against $1,036,950 for the pre
vious week.
Ten new building contracts, aggregat
ing $40,743 in value, were filed for record
during the week ending January 25. The
principal contracts were as follows: Adam
Andrew with Thomas L. Wand, John T.
Long and Gullick & Wetherbee, for work
on a bottling works on the southeast cor
ner of Brannan and Sixth streets, to cost
$13,510; Maximilian Neuman with Judson
Manufacturing Company, to build a
church on the south line of Golden Gate
avenue, 137:6 feet west of Jones street, to
cost $7064; Fred T. Roberts with James T.
McCullough, to build a two-story build
ing to contain flats, on the west line of
Dolores street, 208 feet north of Twenty*
second street, to coat J3984; Morris Corni
son with F. Vf. Kern, for a building on
the north line of Green street. 69:6 feet
ing. Plans have been prepared by Archi
tect P. Voorhees. It will be on Thirty
second and Linden streets and will cost
$2500.
Loans on local realty during the past
week by the city savings banks, building
associations and private capitalists
amount to $330,650, against $1,309,695 for the
previous week. The loans of the savings
banks amounted to $250,600, and were as
follows: Hibernla, $193,850; German,
$SSOO; San Francisco Savings Union, $2700;
Savings and Loan,' $3300; Humboldt, $3550;
Security, $5500;. Mutual, $36,800; Columbus,
$5650. The building associations loaned
$10,700, and private capitalists and others
loaned $69.6a0. All the loans by the Hl
bernia and Mutual savings banks were at
6 per cent, the former including four- of
$55,000,, 545,000, $13,000 and $12,000, and the
latter one of $18,000. The Whitcomb es
tate made a loan of $30,000 at 6%, and A.
Kings County, for $1500; eighty acres in
Fresno County for $2125, and another farm
of the same size for $2SOO.
The new street car- tracks terminating
at the ferry are now in operation. There
are seven lines from south of Market
street, although all are not yet in use.
The San Mateo cars, which formerly ran
down Steuart street into Harrison, hava
been transferred to East street and oc
cupy the first track. Next come the mail
cars, carrying; the mails to the. Mission
and outlying districts. The Howard street
cars will occupy the third terminal when
the work of changing that road Into an
electric line la completed. The Folsom
street cars occupy the fourth pair of rails,
the Bryant "street cars the fifth, the
Twenty-second street the sixth and the
Mission the seventh and last.
The member*' of St. Paul's English
Evangelical Lutheran Church in Oakland
have decided to erect a new church build-
Spring Novelties In Men's
Colored Shirts.
Ready now— the new spring patterns in
golf and stiff bosom Colored Shirts,
imported Scotch Madras, Percales and
Zephyrs, in as fine an assortment of
patterns as you have ever seen— per-
fectly made, perfect fitting, the best
that can be produced for the prices. .....
• ..... .'• 950 and $1.50
THIRD SECTION— RIGHT OF EN-
TRANCE.
Masks.
Cotton Domino
f^^P§P=|) /^J**"\ Masks— all col-
K?K>^7/ / 2/ \ ora So
pZZ2jl&\ V * \X } Satin Domino
Masks— all col-
E§|||?|||A«/ ors 200
i%Z%%Z2£O^- — Satin Half Masks
all c010r3.../5c
Black or White Lace Domino Masks
¦• 350
Character Masks— Kapler Mache
Wa and 250
Elastic Mash Fastener fret with each
mash. . v
SECOND FLOOR, TOT DEPART-
MENT. .-:j;,;«-i^--c. ~.-.,., :;:...-,*.
First Arrivals of
Spring Silks.
Came in by express last week — Wash
Silk.*, Printed Japanese Silks, Satin Fou-
lards, Fancy Waist Silks, new color ef-
fects in plain Taff etas, Satin Duchesse and
Poplin, together with a complete line of
new weaves in black siiko.
New soft weave satin striped Taffetaa, 20
inches wide $1.1 0
New fancy striped Silks, including open
lace work and small Plisse effects, in
such new colorings as pastel, aquarelle,
miniature and fresque shadisg3, width
21 inches, price per yard $1,50
20-inch' Wash Silks in 25 different color-
ings and designs, per yard SOo
FIRST • SECTION— LEFT OF EN-
TRANCE.
Revolutionizing Prices of
Photographs.
Photograph Gallery on second floor now
complete in every detail — undoubtedly
the best Cameras ever brought to the
Coast — numerous samples of their ex-
cellent work on exhibition in the com-
modious reception room — handsomely ap-
pointed dressing rooms — the photogra-
phers employed masters of their profes-
sion. We are equipped to turn out work
of the best kind at lower prices than yon
have hitherto known for the same quali-
ties.
Cabinets $1.50 to $5.00 a dozen
Paris Panels.s7«Oo to $10.00 dozen
Miniature Photo— perfect likeness, with
mounts— 24 for- 250
Incomparably low
Grocery Prices.
Last week a big advance in the prices
of Sugar and Ham, yet the big store
quotes to-day :
Best. Granulated Sugar—
2O lbs SI.OO
Best Eastern Hams—ib..l4o
Best Eastern Cheese— lb ...2Oc
Babbitt's Soap— 7 bare 250
Ghirardelli's Eagle Chocolate — cake
: .....230
Good quality Sweet Corn— tin 1 (to
Castile Soap— Virgin Brand— bar... 2 So
Libby's Pork and Beans, 2s — tin 100
Table Blackberries— 2-lb tins 250
Early Spring Styles
Men's Hats.
Models after the famous Dunlap, Knox
and Stetson blocks, made of good wearing
material at less than half the prices of
those famous makes.
Fedoras in black, browns and contrasts...
950
Fedoras In black, browns, contrasts and
pearl, with best of silk trimmings
5t. 35, $1.85 and $2.45
Derbys in black, browns and contrasts....
$1,35, $1.85 and $2.35
FOURTH SECTION— RIGHT OF EN-
TRANCE.
The best quality of Lambs Wool Eiderdown Flannel produced,
36 inches wide, real Astrachan finish, solid colors -garnets,
grays, tan, blue, pink, etc., our 75c quality, Monday only, per
yard SSo
BARGAIN" TABLES-CENTER AISLE.
GOOD OUTLOOK FOR REALTY.
THE real estate market continues
active, although there have been
no sales reported during the past
week of sufficient size or im
portance to attract particular at
tention. This fact, however, has no bear
ing on the situation, as it is well known
that negotiations are proceeding for sev
eral pieces of property which are h^-li
at several hundred thousand dollars each.
One prominent investor made a direct
offer of $300,000 for a valuable piece of
downtown property within the past few
days, tendering a certified check for the
full amount as an earnest of his willing
ness to close the bargain at once. The
offer was not accepted- and it is not posi
tively known that it was refused and a
bargain may be struck during the coming
week. The brokers do not exactly relish
the fact that this offer was made direct
by the would-be purchaser and it is but
natural that they should look askance at
the prospect of a fat commission being
matched from them.
There is a vaJuaDle plec© of Improved
property on Butter street in a very de
sirable location that may be snapped up
In the near future. It pays a net income
of 6 per cent on 5300,000 and can be had
lor that figure. The sale of a piece ot
Market street property, below lurk, is
also within the possibilities of early con
tummatJon. The property, it is under
stood is being held at something less than
J300. 000 »nd the prospective purchaser
hopes to get It for something less than is
a There is a rumor that the San Francisco
Gaslight Company has been offered
BJBjOtiO for eevcral pieces of its realty,
but that it is holding out for $3tW,000.
Among the property mentioned are the
south corner of Second and Townsend and
Second and King streets, the first named
being a double 00-vara lot and the sec
ond measures 24'Jx275.
The demand for outride residence prop
erties continues good and a number of
: Ucs were made during the past week,
the majority of them, however, involving
only small amounts. With the large num
ber of fine modern office buildings and
residences now in course of construction,
or tor which plans are being prepared
pre&ages a pro.«i«jrous year for the build
ing trades and dealers in building mate
rials during the coming year.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
the Callaghan estate two large lots oa
i:ddy street, recently occupied by the Cal
laghan residence, which haa been moved
Vt the next lot on the east. The first of
these lots is located on the northeast cor
ner of Eddy and Franklin streets, having
a frontage of :2:6 feet on Eddy street and
? xtending 120 feet back to Willow avenue.
The price was $14,500. The other lot is on
the north side cf Eddy street 52 :•> .feet
tast of Franklin street, cast o2:CxJ29, the
price paid being $12,'>00. The same firm
has also made the following recent eales:
Ix-t on the south side of O'Farrell street,
ITS feet wett cf Laguna. west 50x12^, price
about J7250; houte and lot on the west line
of Devisadero street, between Ellis and
Eddy fctreets, 52:6x90 feet, price $6750;
building and lot on the west side of Ash
bury street, between Frederick and Wal
ler etr-fts. 27:4 V xIOC:3 feet, price $C6OO.
Sol Gttz & Bro. report the following re
cent sales: 50x120 feet on the east line
of Twelfth avenue, near Clement street,
with Eastlake cottage, $3S00; 50x120 feet
on the west line of Ninth avenue. 275 feet
couth cf N street, for $700; 23x150 feet on
the east line of. Ninth avenue 201 feet
south of M street, for $550; 50x120 feet on
the tast line of Forty-eighth avenue, 100
feet north of Q street, for $400; 50x120 feet
on the west line of Eighteenth avenue.
375 feet north of J street, for $550; 50x120
feet on the west line ol Forty-third aye-
nue, 200 feet south of J street, for $400;
50x120 on the west line of Eighth avenue,
200 feet north of N street, for $300: 50x100
feet on the southwest corner of Russia
avenue and Edinburgh street for $40*); 4
lots in block B, Getz Addition, for $000.
Baldwin & HowcU held an auction sale
on Thursday, when they disposed of the
following building lets on the east line of
Van Ness avenue, between Franci3co and
Lombard streets, for the account of Percy
Beamish: Northeist come» of L.ombnrd
street and Van Ness avenue, sold to John
S. Rolls for $47^0; the southeast corner of
Chtfctnut street and Van Ness avenue, to
the same buyer for $3523; three lots on
Van Ness avenue, between Chestnut and
Lombard streets, sold to B. E. Fields Jor
J6250; two lots on east side of Van Ne*s
avenue, sold to John Trounson for $377:»;
the same purchaser bought the key lot
immediately '.n the rear of this corner on
Francisco street for $1100; the lot adjoin
ing the corm-r on Van Ness avenue, be
tween Francisco and Chestnut street*,
v.as sold to Louis Lippman for $1450; an
other lot on Van Nees avenue, between
Francisco and Chestnut streets, was
bought by Mr. Osterhout for $1450, and the
two remaining lots on Van Ness avenue,
in the same blcck, were bought by B. E.
Fields.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. have catalogues
out for a regular auction sale of city real
estate, to be held on Tuesday, February
6. at noon. The offering comprises a
Western Addition mansion and lot on the
northeast corner of Devisadero and Mc-
Allister streets; a Guerrero street build
ing lot, near Fourteenth street: a resi
dence and lot at 2114 Mission street; a
building lot on the north side of MoAl
liater street, near Fillmore: Xwo cottages
on Shotwell street, in the Mission; build
ing lot on the north side «f Seventeenth
street, near Clara avenue; lots on Twen
ty-fifth street, near Castro; a level lot on
the northeast corner of Twenty-sixth and
York streets; lot on the south side of Pre
cita avenue, near Folsom • stree-t, and two
houses at Ingleside, on Faxton avenue,
near the Ocean House road. /
O. H. yon Rheln & Co. will sell at auc
tion on February 15 about twenty-five lots
In this city and Oakland. The property
is held in the name ofMarcuse & Remmel
and is to be sold to satisfy the attach
ment for $25,000 recently levied theron by
the Puget Sound Lumber Company.
The fourth and fifth floors of the Jessie
street wing of the Parrott building, as
well as the entire fourth floor of the west
wing, are to be converted Into offices.
Work on these changes wijl begin soon
and will be pushed to completion. They
will add about 100 offices to the building's
present capacity.
licEwen Bros. ha*re laid out a town site
at Point Richmond, adjoining the lands
purchased by the Santa Fe Railroad on
which to erect its machine and repair
shops. The land haa been cut up into
building lots, which will b© placed on the
market within the next few days. The
lots will be sold at a low valuation and
on easy terms. It Is reported that a sec
tion of land adjoining the town site has
been bonded by an oil company, which
purposes to erect thereon a big oil-refining
\V. & J. Sloane & Co. will remove on !
March 1 from their present place of busi
ness, 641 and 647 Market street, to the
magnificent new building erected by the
Crocker estate on- Post street, between
Kearny and Grant avenue.
Complaint is made that the tenants of
property in the park panhandle extension
district are moving out on the ground
that within a year at least the buildings
will all be. removed. Those who stay
make demands for a Teduction of rent, on
the threat that otherwise they will move,
and landlords find it almost impossible to
secure tenants for vacant property except
perhaps at much lower rentals than they
have been getting.
David Bush, manager of the 'country
land department of G. H. Umbsen & Co..
reports the following recent sales of land
Monday and Tuesday Only.
Remarkable g^
Offering tJ
Women's Ap|
Underwear.
Ladies' Vests and Pants, made of best Austral- r^li j:
ran lamb 3 wool, steam shrunk, perfect gar- ('iHiJ 1 If 1
ments, colors natural and white, sizes 28 to v-Vllii [
44, especially good value at 51.25 per gar- Vv^v '
ment, Monday and Tuesday only 370 \H !.
SECOND SECTION— LEF"t OF ' \\VS
ENTRANCE. w j;
Monday Only. V-,'
75c Eider" 1
downs--SBG.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zl.— Lewis Whalen
and wife of San Francisco ai-e at the Em
pire. Daniel Symons, son and daughter
of L«cs Angeles arc at the Majestic
The Big Store's
Tobacco Prices.
The new Cigar Department, greatly en-
larged, is located in rotunda. Every
brand of Cigars in popular demand in this
city carried in stock. We have had
made expressly for us a first-class
" hit " Gigar— clear Havana —
highest possible standard in material
and workmanship — and have christened it
"Iho Victory." It has no
superior at the price. For a So
S mokO try the famous " Portuondos."
, ? _ _ Our prices for
V v fcto *> \ r<\ Tobacco :
yAVa Seal of North
( t|^P%|f4FM Tb°, ln 500-J
vM^^ Jp±J lb., 3Oc — 2
:^rTT-^— ' oz., 2i0r...150
None Better at the Price.
Ladies' $3.5 0 Shoes.
They look as well and fit as well as the ordinary $5.00
/v/^V Shoes. We can recommend
/^O/^/Vi^ Vv them in evei 7 wa 7* All popu-
N/.Wi^\S •\saP #?» * ar styles at the one price. Vici
Xid ' Don ? ola Kid » and Tan Wil-
/l&'/i 'i^l^&Vifs^ %X ' ow alf in button or lace style,
' /^/^¦llir'* l'a^V all thenew toes and lasts, kid
i\/l n |\ jbNsJM^P 3'3 ' c '°*k tops or fancy ve3t-
[ y yi/\ a j V'HNPI xjjn 1 !!: tops — all with turned sewed
\~* O- \Qr \J >i§ soles or sewed welt soles, low,
W ¦ medium or French g**y Cf%
heels %O+SmiJU
Children's Dongola Kid Button «sr" s *ol
Shoes— new opera toes, patent leather
_ tS ffO^\ tips, medium heavy rt^ovl
Tf?? sewed soles, spring h /&jrt?\
* (a* heels, neat and very Jh [M^^.
£? v2*^^Sw .•SI.OO
i~2S^C^^ *£>^ Sizes Uto Boys' Kangaroo Calf Lace
2.. Shoes— new English
..$1.25 toes and tips, spring
FIRST SECTION— RIGHT OF heels— sizes 9to 13J
ENTRANCE. $/ 3$
Iho Four Latest Ef toots In
Dress Goods.
Zibiline Plaicb, 45 inches wide, in the
new wood colorings, popular spring
fabric for dress skirt, per yard. $1 MO
Reversible Suitings, 45 inches wide,
proper weight, pattern and colors for
spring, make up skirts to wear both
side's, per yard $1.25
Camel's Hair Suiting, 48 inches wide, for
street or calling costume^ a dozen new
spring colors, per yard $I*sO
Granite Plaid, combinations of light gray
and blue, green and black, brown and
black and gobelin blua and red, per
yard $2.U0
FIRST SECTION— LEFT OF EN-
TRANCE.
Extraordinary Price Reductions on
Good Furniture.
These offerings are for the entire week if quantities now on
hand last, and we have a liberal number of each article.
Child's Maple Crib— fitted with wire mattres3 and top
mattress, worth $6.50 — complete this week for $3*50
White Enameled Bed— wire mattress and top mattre33 com-
plete, bed is made of heavy malleable iron with heavy post 3
" and brass trimmings, a very pretty scroll design, worth $14.00,
this week $10.75
Hall Hat Rack— golden oak with 18x30 inch oval plate mirror,
richly carved and highly polished, worth $15.00 and a splen-
did value at that price— this week $11-25
Upright Folding Bed— golden oak, piano polish, has 18x14 inch
beveled plate mirror ; Al 3-ply wire mattres3 with spring
support, handsomely carved, well worth $37.50, this week ..
$29, 75
Bedroom Set — 11 pieces ; bed, dresser, washstand, table, two
chairs, one rocker, one wire mattress, one top mattress and
one pair of pillows — a solid oak set, in the favorite golden
finish, with graceful carvings, swell front, 18x30 inch oval
French plate mirror, highly polished, well worth •; 47.50 — com-
plete this week for $38.75
«^^ Astonishing Sale of Granite Enameled Ware. —^
h~ 'si r-—~^ A carload of entirely new Granite Enameled Ware goe3 on • « Vi§=^:
f-Az : :^x^ -<£i>^ special Bale Monday and during the week. Purchased months ago— j^=gj/
/yS- V-§\ ' ==3^\\\ ' ' 8 W^ *k° prices we quote to-day are possible, when manu- (fx^~ \^7 "
LgE; isA Jk-~JX j) factured prices have advanced fully J since last October. II 15. -\§/ 9__»^ 4-Quart Pudding Pans,
— :—: — ißrr?''^ 3^—^r**^ "^""^m // a o . v 7S; i\\y '^==.\ reg v 1 a rly 25c ; sale
sale price 47c 6-Hole Gem Pans— regu- ¦gg; "^\ 1 1 / \j) \6 -^P Y^^
larly 35c; sale price ?%=;; I l/i '5 \ II Y§=-vi|7 ,"s••; 4J5%^ ia fii 65c large covered con- J \
' • ~.25c '" " • w^p : f= \JJ :^ :.=gi- !-¦ vex shape Sauce Pan, . f /%\ )
"&^',' m •'•'•' ''-^3^ Graduated Quart \^g sS-Y 5-quart Lipped Sauce §g= : * r^.' 4 »c Coffee Pots, with handle 430 >> sjy
\.V. O < , OO O V."»/ Measures — regu- /Si Pan, long handle, reg- "^-gy-- r^> J 2 quart size ]V/>^?« -^^A
\-°.°.°.*.'.y 22 "*' 2^'^ la^ ly 25C ' Bale Csi^ : -^g^> ularly 35c; sale price Large Covered 270 (^p- ' '?£} Vfcl-''"^ ''''^t\
X <jUr W"W^ PriCe 17 ° 46c Granite Enam- Z^7"r""-7"^ Sauce Pans with Square Cake \^rr-**zo \^M- JHf]
<^S» VJ- -iipV * eled Tea Pot, 2 8-hole Granite Muffin handles, regularly Pan3> also suit _ \:^.- vg£/ Vs *^. : m. M ,rrg^
11-inch Granite Enam- n JC 8 - quart Rinsing quarts ...27c '^ 60c; sale price able for develop- V-t^^/ Granite Enameled Tea
eled Cullender; regu- •2J - quart Covered Sauce Pans, regularly 14-mch Granite price ........ .^^c JUO ing pictures, reg- Large Size Dish Pans Kettle, No. 7 size, flat
larly 35c • sale price Pan, regularly 27c : sale 45c, sale price Basting Spoon, reg. Pressed Granite ' 65c Roasting ularly 25c ; sale (14 quarts 1 , regularly bottom, regularly 85c :
25C P rice - ISc 25g 12c; sale price.. 7c Drinking Cups.... tUD Pans, 14 in.4 6c price \...150 75c ; sale price..39o sale price 57c
Choice of any men's $15:00 Suit in this store
for one week at one-quarter off, no reservations made, until
closing time next Saturday night, the price will be $11.25
Single or double-breasted Sacks, Cutaway Frocks or Prince
Alberts, with or without double-breasted vests, Tweeds, Chev-
iots, Cassimeres and Fancy Worsteds, every suit sewed through-
out with silk and finished in every way equal to custom tailors,
all regular sizes long and slim, short and stout, a perfect fitting
suit, for one week only, at one-quarter off.
$15 Suits One-Quarter Off.
Mono Bargain* From tho
Undermuslin Salem
week only ¦¦ SOc
Ladies' $1 50 Gowns, with yoke' of fine
tucks and hemstitching, neck and cv&&
edged with embroidery, this week only-
st.oo
Ladies' $2 50 Skirts, with insertion and
deep ruffle of Maltese Torchon Lace,
price while quantity on hand lasts
$i.50
Ladies' $3.50 all-lawn Skirts, with ir.ser-
\tion of fine English thread lace, price
to close. $2mOO
Ladies' 65c Tennis Flannel Gowns, pink or
blue stripes, this week 450
Tennis Skirts reduced.
Wool Knt Skirts reduced.
Children's Jackets reduced.
Children's 'Dresses reduced.
A dozen expert buyers now selecting for the big store in the Eastern and European markets. New
Spring Goods are arriving in constantly increasing quantities and taking the places of the odd lots of
this season's goods, which are rapidly disappearing by aid of unsparing cuts in prices. Among the /iff »
portant Special Sales of this week the Granite Enameled Ware offering is noticeable. The item
in Ladies' Underwear and the Furniture bargains are among the things very unusual. The Mail Order De-
partment has moved to greatly enlarged quarters on the west side of the second floor, and will in a few
weeks issue a Large General Catalogue for spring. Out-of-town folks who wish a copy should
send in name at once. A Superb Painting, that promises to create widespread attention, will be on
exhibition here on and after Wednesday next. Any Sheet Musio published at half publisher's
price until further notice.
Some New Things In
iff"''*.* : ¦ ¦ ¦
Notion Department'
Ladies' new style jßi
"Hookon" Satin Hose /\
Supporters— per pair A \
30C Win
Pure Linen Dress fj
Shields— the coolest \1 ;
and best shield made ff . <bfe^v
—per pair 250 JsS. ¥v^s*
Pompadour Hair Kolls l-f^ik \\
— in a full assort- li^VK^
ment of shades, 8, 10, • H -
- 12 and 14 inches
long 13c to 25c
fNew styles Empire
Gombs in shell
and amber —
color plain or
fancy tops
2 7 c
......to $1.50
New Neck Comb, with Rhinestone setting
35c to $2.5U
All-Linen Fringed Splashers— size 30x18
inches — each .25c
Dress Linings -10 pieces Black
Moire Skirt Lining, 34 inches wide— per
yard 12\C
Some Pretty New
Ribbons for Spring.
A few styles Wide Neck Ribbon— the first arrivals by express
of the extensive spring assortment now being selected by our
buyer in New York. Among these Fancy Striped Satin and
Taffeta Ribbons and some charming open-work effects — per
yard 25c to 6UO
RIBBON COUNTERS^-ROTUNDA.
P* ©<s>lgftegra i&Eafte Bazaar*
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORITTM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EUtPORIUM.
Monday Only,
Curtains, 48c Pair.
Just think of it! Curtains for 48c pair, and good ones, too —
Nottingham Lace, ecru or white, 3 yards long, 36 inches
wide, excellent patterns— only 150 pairs at this price Mon-
day.
ANNUAL BANQUET
OF GRIDIRON CLUB
Scribes Make Merry at
Washington.
BURLESQUE ON EXPANSION
LOFTY RULES DETHRONED BY
UNCLE SAM.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— The fifteenth
annual dinner of the Gridiron Club was
givea at the Arlington Hotel to-night, and
like its rredecessors was the most suc
cessful event of the season. The club is
composed of forty Washington corre
spondents, who each year give a number
of dinners and make the last Saturday
evening 1:1 January a notable occasion, as
it is the anniversary of the organization.
The banquvi hall was handsomely decor
ated, the ceilings and walls covered in
laurel, smilax and maidenhair ferns,
while palms and other tropical plants
•.illeU every window and corner of the
: m. Through all this mass of green
were mere than a thousand electric lights
of all colors. The stables were banked
v.ith flowers, orchids and roses predom
inating, while many vases of American
;>i auty ro^es adorned the room.
Henry LitchJield West of the Washing
ton Post, the new president, occupied the
bead of the table, which was made in the
.-hape of a gridiron and around which
ver« gathered :wi) guests and the mem
ben ot the club.
As usuai. the unique features and dar
::ig burlesques, together with the good
i.atured Ekits aimed at prominent guests,
Junned the principal pan of the entertain
ment. Thete were interspersed with songs
by the quartet and solos and witty
t-peecbes, all making a thoroughly enjoy
. .c evening.
The menu was an exquisite affair, being
a little volume bound in leather, eacu
l>uge having the name of a member, to
gether 'with, his vignette set in a reduced
iront page of the paper lie represented.
It was designed as a souvenir of the rif
leenth annual dinner.
The initiation of two members was made
the text for a. burlesque on imperialism.
The club- "expanded' fcr the new mem
bers, raised the president to the rank of
Kmperor and "crowned" him. Reports
Jrom colonial governors and vassal States
and the conferring of titiles were rudely
interrupted by "Lncle Sam," who seized
the crown and drove the "decorated of
iicials" from the room.
A minstrel show with really new jokes
amused the guests. Several songs writ
ten for the occasion were given, a wrse
being allotted to Mr. Bryan with an al
lusion to "lt> to 1." Another lamented for
Senator Frye, because as president of the
Seoata he had to listen to Senators instead
uf enjoying his fishing sport.
The speeches were especially good. Sen
ator Depew and the Chinese Minister be
ir.g at their best, while the remarks of
Mcesrs. Bryan, Frye, Gorman, Chandler,
Tillman. Hanna and Beveridge were of
the usual high order. The speakers were
placed upon their mettle by the happy
Introduction of Mr. Weet, who presided
throughout the dinner with dignity and
ability. Among the guests were the fol
luwicg:
SesaXor Frye, president of the Senate;
Hon. William Jennings Bryan, Hon. Ar
thur P. Gorman; Wu Ting Fang, the Chi
nese Minister; Senators Depew, Bever
idge, Burrows. Chandler, Hanna, Jones of
.¦Arkansas, Penrose, Shoup, Tillman. Wol
cctt and Rawline; Representatives Dal
zell, Clark, Cummings, De Vries. Bower
son, Hall, Landis, McClellan, Lawrence,
Swanson. Tawney, Underwood and
Wheeler; Major General John H. Brooke,
Rear Admiral George W. Melville, R.ear
Admiral Aaron A. Weaver, Colonel Theo
dore A.Bingham; 'J. Addison Porter axid
George B. Cortelyou, eecretaries to the
President; Gerard A. Lowther and Lieu
tenant Colonel Arthur Hamilton Lee,
British embassy; Assistant Secretary of
War Melkeljohn. General Marshal I. Lud-
Ir.pton, Colonel S. C. Kellogg, Lieutenant
Colonel Culver C. Sniffln. Captain Lan
sing, H. Btacn. U. S. A.; J. D. Yoemans,
Interstate Commerce Commission; Frank
H. Vanderlip, Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury; Henry S. Pritchett; superin
tendent of the Coast and Geodetic Sur
vey; Louis A. Pradt, Assistant Attorney
General, and William O. Smith, Honolulu.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28,- 1900.
SCOTT CONTEST
BEFORE SENATE
Arguments Heard by the
Committee.
ILLEGAL VOTING ALLEGED
?
TWO MEMBERS WERE NOT EN
TITLED TO SEATS.
?
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— The Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
met to hear arguments in the case of the
remonstrance against permitting Hon.
Nathan B. Scott of West Virginia to oc
cupy his seat in the Senate. The princi
pal objection to Mr. Scott, urged by the
protestants, was based on the contention
that he received only forty-eight votes,
or one less than a majority, and that he
secured his election by causing the sus
pension of two members of the Legisla
ture, who were afterward given seats,
thus reducing the membership from nine
ty-seven to ninety-five. .
The protestants also claimed that by ac
cepting commissions in the army in lSi>S
Geizendenner and Pierson respectively
vacated their office as members of the
State Senate. Without them Scott would
have had only forty-six votes, i ¦
The friends of Mr. Scott contest these
points, urging cause for the suspension
of the twu members, and also snowing
that .Messrs. Uc-tzcmienner and Pierson
had resigned their ortices in the army be
fore casting their votes for Scott for Sen
ator.
The first speaker for the protestants
was Judge John Holt of West Virginia.
He urgeti that Cxetzendenner and Pierson
were absolutely prohibited by the West
Virginia constitution from the acceptance
of offices under the Federal Government.
They had the choice of retaining their
civil otllces or accepting the positions in
the militury service; they had accepted
the latter positions, and thus, ipse facto,
they had vacated their Slate offices. True,
the State Legislature had pronounced to
the contrary, but he contenued that it was
the duty of the United States to go be
hind the action of the State body. He
urged that, there was no way by which
they could again take their seats except
by re-election, which was not resorted to
in either instance.
The agreement by which the two
Houses of the Legislature arranged to
meet in joint session for the election of
a Senator and to disregard the contests
over scats, allowing neither contestant
nor contestee to vote, Mr. Holt declared
was corrupt, a violation of law, contrary
to public policy and a pitiable meddling
with a high function. It amounted to the
disfranchisement of two Democratic
members, who were afterward seated,
one in the Senate and the other in the
House. The. vote of the joint assembly
was reduced from ninety-seven to ninety
live, making forty-eight a majority. The
agreement was among the members of
the Legislature and was contrary to the
law and to public policy as well.
Mr. Holt devoted much of his time to
consideration of the right of the Senate
of the United States to investigate the
qualifications of the members of a State
House, holding that, as a matter of self
preservation, the Federal Senate was
bound to go behind tha decisions of a
State body. The qualifications of its own
members were involved and the Federal
Senate could not afford to say that it
would be bound by the conclusions of a
State Legislature, however foolish they
might be.
Frank L. Welles, also of the counsel for
the protestants, presented the reasons
why the committee should take further
evidence in the case. He called attention
to the fact that, while it was claimed that
Scott had been elected by 45 votes, a ma
jority of the protestants numbered 49
members of the Legislature.
H» contended that the contests for seats
in the West Virginia Legislature were tha
repult of conspiracy on the part of the
managers to secure the election of Scott,
and that in some cases the contests were
insisted upon even when the contestants
did not want to enter them. Bloodshed
was even threatened by Republican State
officers.
Mr. Welles urged the committee, in view
of these contentions, to take testimony
and allow the protestants to prove these
facts. He said that conditions in West
Virginia wore as bad as had ever been
known in the South in the days of recon-
Mr. Welles said that a long: Investiga
tion would not be necessary nor would
many witnesses be called. Among- other,s
they would like to have the Governor of
the State called to testify as to his threat
to call out the militia to force. the recog
nition of a "Tump" Legislature.
I ' »
s
17SWEEPING
A large accumulation oF BLACK and COLORED
BEADED GIMPS, BEADED DROPS. BEADED ORNA-
MENTS, HUSSAR ORNAMENTS, and SILK and
MOHAIR GIMP, will be closed out at THE MOST EX-
TRAORDINARY REDUCTIONS IN PRICE.
Balance of our stock of FEATHER BOAS and
FUR SCARFS at SACRIFICE PRICES.
LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, double-breasted fronts,
with four prarl buttons, reduced from $10 to $6.59 each.
LADIES' TENNIS FLANNEL GOWNS, heavy quality flannel, double
yokes, at 50 c£nts each. A SPECIAL BARGAIN.'
BROKEN LINES OF MEN'S UNDERWEAR— We will close out several
lots of Men's Woo'en and Merino Undershirts and Drawers at LESS
THAN MANUFACTURER'S PRICES.
A larre lot of DRESS LENGTHS, SKIRT LENGTHS, WAIST
LENGTHS and REMNANTS in COLORED DRESS GOODS will
be offered at LESS THAN COST OF IMPORTATION.
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
and no one suspected that the young
Frenchman had won Miss Tobin's heart
and the promise of her hand. Miss Tobin
is one of the most popular belles In local
social circles and is also prominent in
Burllngame, where, with the assistance
of her brother, Richard Tobln. and her
sister. Miss Agnes Tobln, she has enter
tained extensively.
The happy man Is a native of Paris and
comes from a family that has been prom
inent in the French Chamber of Depu
ties. Although his home is in the gay
capital, Raoul-Duval has made many vis
its to this country, and has a country
peat at Hcmpstead. near the Meadew
brook Club, in New York. At present Mr.
Duval is in Paris, but is expected here
shortly. It is more than probable that
Miss 'Tobln's marriage to the young
Parisian will take place before Lent. It
Is to be a quiet affair and will be sol
emnized at the Tobln home, on California
and Taylor streets. The young couple will
make their home in Paris, but will spend
the honeymoon In California, not leaving
for thelrEuropean home until late in the
autumn.
THE CEMETERY QUESTION.
AN ordinance introduced by Supervisor D An
cona, by request, at the meeting of the Board
of Supervisors last Monday will have the effect
of reopening the discussion on the cemetery question.
The ordinance, which prohibits further burials of the
dead within the city limits after 1902, was referred to
the Judiciary and the Hospital and Health commit
tees,, and since the subject is one with which all arc
fairly familiar and requires little or nothing in the way
of new investigation, an early report upon it may be
Long ago The Call. pointed out that the agitation of
the issue would never cease until the passage of an
ordinance prohibiting further burials within the' city.
The enactment of such a municipal regulation may be
baffled for a time by the antagonism of special inter
ests; it may be delayed by conservatism, or postponed
for sentimental considerations, but sooner or later it
will be enacted. All considerations of public policy
are in its favor, and in the end these considerations
will prevail over whatever objections may be set up
Under any circumstances the burial of the dead
within cities or thickly settled suburban districts is an
evil against which science has made effective protests.
In ouiscase the evil is augmented because the ceme
teries within the city stretch as a barrier against the
westward extension of municipal growth. They in
terpose between the main portion of the city and one
of its finest and most attractive residence districts,
thus forcing a considerable number of persons who
would otherwise live in the city to seek homes in San
Mateo, Alameda or Marin counties. " There is, there
fore, a material loss as well as an injury to health in
the use of such large tracts of urban land for the
burial of the dead.
There arc doubtless many serious objections to the
closing of the cemeteries, but none that cannot be
overcome by a well devised ordinance. It will not be
necessary to injure any person in property or business,
or to desecrate the bodies of the dead held in sacked
memory by their surviving descendants, relatives and
friends. All that is required to protect every right
and to respect every sensibility can be provided in an
ordinance which will none the less put a stop to fur
ther burials. in these cemeteries and guard the.com
munity against the increase of an evil already great
The question has been brought before several suc
cessive Beards of Supervisors, but for one reason or
another no action has been taken upon it.. It would
be gratifying if the present board would mark the in
ception of the new era of municipal government by
settling the question. The closure, we repeat, must
come sooner or later, and this is decidedly one of the
cases where it can be safely said, The sooner it is
done, the better.
THE ATTACK UPON BIGGY.
WHEN Commissioners Newhall and Biggy re
fused to consummate Phelan's bargain with
Lawrence and Gunst, that Esola should be
chosen Chief of Police and the city turned over to
blacklegs, the first chapter in that disgraceful story
closed. The second began yesterday, when Lawrence,
through the Examiner, made upon Commissioner
Biggy an attack which reveals how much Lawrence
has at stake in the matter and how bitter is his malice
against those wh*b Jiave thwarted him.
In times past the Examiner has repeatedly com
mended Mr. Biggy and has borne testimony to his
worth in both public and private life. It turns upon
him now solely because he is a worthier man than
the conspirators thought; because he will not con
sent to sully his record by fulfilling the conspirators'
bargain and becoming a party to their nefarious
schemes.
The logic of the Examiner's argument of yesterday
was simply this: Esola is fit to be Chief of Police
because Commissioner Biggy conducts a laundry; he
should be Chief because Biggy's laundry is a large
one; he must be Chief, because otherwise Biggy may
obtain the position. That is all the argument there
was in the columns of words; the rest was but the
raving of a fool — hardly more coherent, indeed, than
the fury of an angry idiot.
It needed but that exhibition of virulence and vio
lence to complete the proof of the assertion of The
Call that Phelan had made a bargain to turn the po
lice force over to La.vrence to be used for Lawrence's
profit. In an open letter to the public Phelan ad
mitted that he had held conferences with Lawrence
and Esola before the election and that the selection
of Esola as Chief of Police was then discussed. In
the testimony given before the Commissioners during
the trial of the charges against Esola the same fact
was brought out. Lawrence himself then testified to
ii. Xow comes the outburst of rage which has
enough sincerity of feeling infusing the lies to show
that Lawrence had great expectations of profits to
be gained through Esola's chieftainship, and is hurt
and sore and malicious in his disappointment.
Not at any period of our history, has there ever
been a viler conspiracy to make use of official power
to plunder the city. Nothing ever done in the worst
days of the supremacy of Buckley or any other boss
was so base as this scheme to turn the police over
to the control of blacklegs and blackmailers. The
success of this conspiracy would have meant not only
plunder but the opening of the city wide to every
form of vice and rascality that would pay tribute or
divide profits with Lawrence and Gunst and the rest
The scheme has been baffled and beaten. Esola
will never be Chief of Police. His incapacity and
ttnfitness for the office were revealed by his own tes
timony on the witness-stand. When he swore he
could not recall meeting the Mayor and the Commis
sioners within two weeks, he showed the full measure
of his morality and his intelligence. He exhibited
himself as a small creature having but a low grade
even of cunning, and lacking in every qualification
for the position the co-operating blacklegs are seek
ing to give him.
In all this controversy not a single reason has been
given why Esola should be made Chief of Police.
Even now, when the Examiner, under the direction of
Lawrence, is pushing a petition in his favor, no rea
«*w is assigned for appointing him, except that he
ought to be vindicated from the effects of his own
testimony. That is alt, except it is -further said, with
much display of indignation, that Phelan promised
him the place, and that Commissioners who refuse to
give it are traitors to Mayor Phelan and to the new
charter.
It is evident the Examiner is to be used by the gang
to slander, libel, calumniate, malign and belie all who
oppose them. Such an exhibition raises the suspicion
that the Mayor nfey have been to some extent forced
to concede the arrogant demands of the disreputable
crowd by fear that if he did not the Examiner wouM
assail his private life and hold him up to as much
of obloquy as it could. Be that as it may, the Mayor
could not suffer more from the worst that Lawrence
can publish than he lias suffered from the exposure
of the bargain with him.
This second phase of the story is in some respects
viler than the first, if anything viler could be. Phelan
finds himself scorned by men who once supported
him. In the wreck of his reputation he seeks to keep
a dishonorable faith with the dishonored gang that
procured his election, and persists in his efforts to
carry out his bargain. It is bad work all around, but
honest men will not suffer, and Commissioner Biggy
r-eed have no fear of what Phelan, Lawrence' and
Gunst may do to injure him.
BLUE CLOTH DRESS.
The~dress represented (worn by Mile.
Sizos In "Le Faubourg") is of Sevres blue
cloth, lncrusted with arabesques of white
cloth. It has a small square yoke of
pleated .Liberty satin. The hat Is of velvet
to match, with blue feathers tipped with
white.
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.
A clergyman in English. Ind., refuses to
pay a poll tax on tho ground that he be-
longs to the church, and Is, therefore,
church, property, the same as a church
or a pastoral residence.
The Fastest Train Across tho Con-
tinent.
- The California Limited. Santa Fe Route.
Connecting train leaves E p. m., Monday.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best "track of any line to
the Bast. Ticket office. 62S Market street.
At a recent banquet of the Unitarian Club President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler ventured the suggestion that
the next great task before us was the assimilation of
China.. With all due respect fo his opinion, we re
mind him that we are not a nation of ostriches."
The Mexican murderer who is to be hanged in the
presence of an | audience which has paid for its ad-,
mission to the execution room will have at least one
satisfaction. He will be the only dead-head in the
place. .
In dispatches from New York the prediction is
made that the great flour trust is on the point of dis
solution. Strange as it may seem,- watering their
stock does not seem to have turned it into dough.
/
Personally Conducted Excursions '.
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
•leaping cars via Santa Fe Koute. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany, these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 628 Market street.
It would seem that the precious trio of political
highwaymen, Gage, Herrin and Burns, will have to
manipulate the Legislature on their merits, the
patronage bag having been exhausted. It may prove
a hazardous task, however, to open any. other kind of
a bag at the State capital.
With all his willingness to pungle up for the Sena
torial nomination Clark of Montana seems to have
been a hard man from whom to get money. Dentist
Ector of Missoula tried to extract a wad, but, with
all his forceps, failed. • .
The New York freak who made a jeweler's shop
out of his stomach ought to secure an X ray appara
tus and become a traveling salesman, with his wares
safely, stored on the inside. -
The two women of Sioux City who quarreled over
the dead body of their common husband were evi
dently determined to. seize in death what they could
not claim in life. • .
Gulllet'si Ire Cream and Cakes. 905 Larkin at."
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Esther Strasser against Emanuel Stras-
ser, for desertion; Isabella Metzler against
Hermann Metzler, for cruelty, and Knoda
Vega against Joseph R. Vega, for cruelty.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's.at 735 Market st. until March
1, will also occupy 639 Market st., Palace
Hotel bldg., early In February. *
California Glace- Fruits, EOc lb. In flre-
etched boxes. . Townsend's, 735 Market. •
READY WITH HIS RETORT.
The following story Is attributed to Mar
shall P. Wilder: - Some .evenings ago a
man was seated in. the corridor of one of
the large hotels smoking a fragrant Ha
vana cigar. On the lounge next to him
were seated a woman and her daughter,
the latter being immediately next to the
smoker. .The draft in the corridor blew
the smoke from the cigar across the
younger woman's face, to which, although
it annoyed her extremely, -the smoker re
mained seemingly either oblivious or else
wholly Indifferent.' Finally, after several
quite audible remarks to her mother apro
pos of the rudeness of men in general In
smoking in the presence of Women, which
passed rapidly Into a somewhat hectic
comment on this smoker in particular,
the frayed string of her temper broke,
and turning savagely to the tormentor she
said: "If you were my husband, do you
know I'd poison you?" Her neighbor, re
moving his cigar from his lips, promptly
responded: "And do you know, ma/lam,
were 'you my wife, I'd take that poison?' 1
—New York Tribune.
A SHOT THAT TOLD.
A Kansas City woman, whose hair is
gray, went to New York recently and took
a ride on a trolley car. Both of the side
seats of the car were crowded with men.
As she stood there, hanging to a strap and
swinging and jerking with the motion of
the car, she observed that all of the men
seemed to be entirely hidden behind their
newspapers. She thought, as she stood
there, that in Kansas City men often rise
to give their seats to women. The differ
ence was painful to contemplate. Finally
a negro near the other end at the car
stood up and said:
"Take this seat, lady."
"Xo." answered the Kansas City woman
with awful distinctness. "I will not take
the seat of the only gentleman in the
car." *<_
The newspapers dropped suddenly, and
six men Jumped-to their feet. Apparently
they had just seen the gray-haired
woman. And she took her choice of seats.
—Kansas City Star.
legislators will do.
PROGRESS IN OAKLAND.
ONE of the most assuring promises of municipal
progress and improvement in Oakland is that
which is contained in the organization of a
Committee of One Hundred, composed of men of
light and leading, to conduct a campaign of education
in favor of issuing bonds for defraying the cost of
needed public works and enterprises. .From the ef
forts of such men it is certain that much of good will
result, and it is quite probable that within the near
future they may attain all they aim at.
No city in the United States, and perhaps none in
the world, has more- natural advantages as a place of
residence than Oakland. To the men and women of
our time, however, natural advantages are not enough.
The increasing culture of the world demands well
ordered streets, stately public buildings of every kind,
from courthouses to schools, attractive parks, thor
ough sewerage and handsome avenues and boule
vards. Wherever these are provided men and women
of culture and wealth from the surrounding country
congregate arid make their homes. Nothing pays bet
ter than such municipal improvements. The rewards
are numerous and varied. They come not only in the
form of increased 'trade and business activity, but in
that of augmented health and intellectual as well as
physical well being.
The movement toward the adornment of cities be
gan in the East years ago and has made such progress
there that some American cities are now equal to
many of the most attractive capitals of the Old World
in all that goes to dignify, a civilized community. The
spirit of that movement has reached California and
has begun to animate the more progressive element of
our cities. The overwhelming vote for the issue of
bonds in San Francisco is an evidence of the extent of
its influence, here. It is natural that it should be felt
in Oakland as well as on this, side of the bay, and
therefore the movement there' is in some respects an
inevitable outcome of the time and the situation.
The naturalness of the movement, however, does
not detract from the credit due to those_who have un
dertaken the work of advancing it. It requires time
and energy to overcome the inertia of large communi
ties. That was shown in the campaign started by The
Call for public improvement in San Francisco. The
Committee of One Hundred in Oakland will have
many a silurian prejudice to overcome and many a
jealous antagonism to conquer. They have under
taken a work as difficult as it is important, and to ac
complish it will need all the assistance that their pro
gressive and enterprising fellow-citizens can give
them. .
Fortunately for the promise of success the commit
tee is made up of men who are well fitted. for the
work.- Their personal influence is large and will as
sure for their enterprise a careful consideration from
the great mass of the people of the city. It is not a
partisan movement that has been started, nor one for
the advantage or interests of any particular class. It
is designed for the benefit of all, and therefore merits
the support of. all.
BELLE TO WED
A PARISIAN
Engagement of Miss Bea
triceTobin and Charles
Raoul-Duval Is An
nounced.
An Interesting engagement was made
public yesterday, when Mrs. Mary A. To
bin announced the betrothal of her young
est daughter, Beatrice, to Charles Raoul-
Duval of Paris, France. •
The announcement came as a great sur
prise to the many friends of Miss Tobin.
Mr. Raoul-Duval was out here _ last
autumn on his way to the Klondike,
where he has many claims, and although
at th,at time tho young couple pllghtei
their troth the fact was not made public,
THE SUPREME ISSUE OF THE SESSION.
MANY measures are to be considered during the extra /session of the Legislature,
and many questions are involved in the Senatorial contest, but there is one issue
which overrides all the rest and dominates the situation. . It is the issue which
arises from the attitude the Southern Pacific Company has been able to assume, by the
connivance of Governor Gage, toward the Republican party and the State of California.
When Mr. Gage was a candidate for the office he now holds and was soliciting
the votes of Republicans he assured^hem in the most emphatic words, in the most spe
cific terms, with the strongest pledges and the most solemn vows, that he was not in any
way a creature of the Kentucky corporation, would not be in any respect subservient to
the dictation of the agents or president of that corporation, nor if elected to the Gov
ernorship would at any time sacrifice the interests of the Republican party or the wel
fare of the State through fear or favor of anything the railroad might promise or do.
All those pledges and promises have been broken. The interference of the rail
road in the affairs of the State has been more open and notorious than ever before in
our history, and the Governor has aided and abetted the work of its agents. He has
been so subservient to it that when he had under consideration the question of calling
an extra session of the Legislature he did not consult with Republican leaders either in
office or out of it, but with two officers of the Southern Pacific Company, Herrin and
Wright, both Democrats, and upon their advice 'called the session to meet within six
days after the summons was issued.
By reason of these acts of a Governor elected to office by Republican votes the
Kentucky corporation' is put into such a relation to the party that the corporation ap
pears very much like a dictator and master. The agents of the corporation no longer
make even a pretense at concealment of their political schemes and plans. They are so
openly and defiantly working to elect to the United States Senate a tool of their, cor
poration that not even the boldest liar dares to pretend that the railroaocUs out of pol
itics. Thus there confronts the Republicans of the Legislature an issue which they can
not shirk; nor ignore, nor confute. Either they are going to follow the Governor in his
betrayal of the party or else they are going to redeem the party from his rascality and
put an end. to the impudent attempts at domination on the part of Huntington's agents.
The extent to which the railroad has attained power in California is so enormous
that it is not strange its officials no longer think it necessary to conceal their political
schemes. That corporation controls and directs the State Board of Equalization, and
by the debasing service of that board escapes its just burden of taxation. The corpora
tion owns the Railroad Commission, and the Commissioners, who from their office are
expected to be impartial arbitrators and judges between the people and the railroads,
are known to resort to the officials of the railroad tp receive instruction and commands
as to what they shall do and what they shall leave undone. For offenses against right
and justice and duty not more vile than those which the Equalizers and the Railroad
Commissioners commit at the dictation of the railroad judges in other lands have been
hanged to lamp posts and impartial history has commended the hanging.
Here then is the situation. The Kentucky corporation controls the Railroad
Commission, the State Board of Equalization and the Governor of the State. It is now
making an effort to control the Legislature and through that body "to elect a Senator
whom it will control. It is time to grapple with this monstrous corrupting power in
earnest. From the struggle which is to begin at this session of the Legislature called by
the Governor at the dictation of the railroad there will come a decisive victory for one
side or the other. The corporation managers know it and will exhaust every resource
at their command to win. The people also know it and wait watchful to see what the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
INTERIOR PRESS DENOUNCE
BURNS' EFFORTS TO GET THE TOGA
Warmly Declare That His Election Will Be a Disgrace to the
State and the ' Party.
WASHINGTON PRESS.
An extra session of the Legislature has been called by Governor Gage to
convene on Monday next. The main object of the call is to elect a United
States Senator. An effort, as a matter of course, will be made to elect Dan
Burns to this honorable position: Political promises will try to be fulfilled and
In this respect the good, clean Republicans of the Legislature should see that
the effort of our misfit Governor is defeated.
••• • . ¦
RED BLUFF NEWS.
..-¦;• .• • In Justification of the Governor's action In calling *an extra session
his friends pretend to believe that it is of the utmost importance that Cali
fornia should have another Senator. This is simply rot, tommy-rot at that.
There is no great necessity for another Senator at this time, and in fact, the
State would be better oft with one only than with such another as the Gover
nor wishes to have elected and who. It is said. Is certain of an election. Of
what possible use would Dan Burns be to the State in the Senate? His record
shows that he is nothing but a practical 'politician who is up to all the political
trickery of that exalted profession. He has given no proof of statesmanship;
he has no. record as a legislator; he is not a man of learning or culture.
WATSONVILLE PAJARONIAN
• ,• • A political party and its principles stand for more than the am
bition of any member thereof, and Its course and Its policy should not be turned
aside and perhaps irreparably Injured because of the candidacy for a high office
of a man who has not one qualification therefor. The danger signals are flying
before the Republican .party of California, and If Its representatives at Sacra
mento cling to Dan Burns and cut away from what sober Judgment will tell
them is the best course to pursue, something will drop at the ballot box next
November, and drop hard. There Is no call for the election of Burns from the
mass of the Republican party, the citizens of California, irrespective of politics
do not want him, and it is an even bet that Sam Ralney would poll more votes
for the office than he would at a general election. The Republican party has not
within twenty-five years faced such a dangerous crisis in this State— ana tne
reckless ambition of a discredited and State owing ex-3ta.te official threatens
the political decision of California at the coming Presidential election.
If Dan Burns weie a sincere Republican and a true Callfornlan he would get
out of .the Senatorial fight, and if Henry Gage had his accredited backbone ana
sound Judgment and was taking his orders from no man he would hivanrmiy
refused to call the extra session. He has opened Pandora s box; can he close v
when he wishes?
HATWARDS REVIEW.
• • • In some mysterious way the conclusion has been reached that the tax
payers will readily bear the expense in return for the honor of having Colonel
Dan Illuminate the Senate as this State's representative. The wholesale noto
riety achieved by California's Legislature at its last session w fAf U H Cl rJ fnidfv as
time. It is to be devoutly hoped that the lawmakers will transact " »ptdl> t £?
possible all the weighty business named in the Governor's convocation, as the
State's reputation is not yet legislator-proof.
POMONA TIMES
• •. • This call doubtless means the eelctlon of Dan M. Burns, for It Is gen
erally admitted that the Governor would not have made the call had there been
>p The Times makes the prediction that the Governor will keenly regret calling
an extra session of the Legislature. As he cites the election of * S* na '°^ J{?®
first of the sixteen reasons tor calling a eesslon. It is fair to Presume that had the
Legislature elected a Senator the other fifteen reas6ns would not nave Deen re
garded of sufficient importance to Justify an extra session.
SANTA CRUZ SURF.
Governor Gage has committed the hara-kiri act and called the Legislature to
gether for another Kilkenny cat exhibition.
It is claimed that sixty-one or more Republican members have signed the
warrant for their political suicide by agreeing to go into secret caucus, and abide
cal integrity is counted Senator Trout of this district. The Surf does not dc
lleve Senator Trout has signed any such compact, „„.».,«?,„* th- «,irf
If he srgned a document the purport of which he did not understand the Surr
does not befleve he will submit to being hoodwinked. We have been at varfauca
with Senator Trout on many local and political matters but we »*"?3™ ™nttnu«
Senator Trout to be an honest man and his own master, and we shall continue
to so believe until he proves the contrary by his own acts. — „„?»,¦ n f
It is claimed that a "dead cinch" has teen secured after twelve months of
•"gfifoaV^VWe'n'Soffn Washington, but not bad enough to sacrific.
all respect for her Legislature. If Dan Burns must be elected Senator the State
will survive if his election is secured by openly cast ballots and openly declared
votes, but legislators themselves ought to realize before it is too late that tney
cannot survive a secret vote in a secret caucus.
SACRAMENTO BEE
Although various reasons have been given for the calling of the extra session,
the State at large believes that only ono was potential with tho Governor— the
election of a Senator of the United States.
In fact, the common view is that the extra session of the. Legislature was
called to present Daniel M. Burns with a high and honorable office which he could
never reach if he submitted his ambition to a verdict of the people of California.
It is not generally believed that Burns has many more votes to-day than he
had when the session closed. But this dilemma confronts those who do not
want to see California represented by a man who stands for all that is most
vicious in California politics: There are eighty- five Republican members. It
t-ikes «ixtv-one votes to elect on joint ballot. If part of the opposition to Daniel
M Burns should refuse to go into caucus and another part should enter therein,
a condition of affairs would arise which would tend to the advantage of Burns,
no matter whether he should have a majority of all the votes in the caucus or
only more votes than any other one candidate. If he should have a majority of
the caucus then the victory would be within his grasp. If he should have simply
more votes than any other candidate, the gods of chance would still favor him.
For the Dlav then would be to have the lowest candidate dropped on each ballot
and unless the opposition would be willing In a rush to center on some one man.
BU Tt%ru^derStood a "j?at W the Burns men are anxious to force a caucus for Mon
day evening next. Their object is to go into the game of dlplomacy-and bluff
as well, on their part— against a divided opposition.
The Bee believes that it would be good policy for every Republican Senator
and every Republican Assemblyman to go into that caucus. But they should not
enter therein as a house divided against Itself. And they should not permit any
secret ballot in that caucus, but should insist that every ballot should be by
rOll The opposition to Burns has the battle In ita own hands If It will lay aside
personal prejudices and unite on some anti-Burns standard-bearer. Daniel M.
Burns has not forty-three votes, nor anywhere near it-and forty-three Is Just a
"^The^e'natoris an^Assemblymen opposed to Burns should meet together, choose
their champion and go into that caucus on Monday night, or whenever It shall
be held, prepared to do battle to the death with D. M. Burns on his chosen
cr °If Ithey1 they enter into the contest united they should defeat Burns.
If they go into the battle divided and quarreling among themselves. Burns
of Daniel M. Burns to the United States
Senate' would be a public calamity. It has therefore urged the selection of some
SUC Sco n tt n howev^e 1 r? P is i per S fe?tly willing to step down and out if the anti-Burns
men will have an understanding and combine their forces on any one else. He
has suggested through the columns of the Bee that the anti-Burns men hold a
caucusf pick up a man to lead the opposition and go into the battle united upon
that man. And he stands ready not only to abide by the decision of that caucus
but to do all that In his power may lay to help his election.
There is no time to be lost in this matter.
The opposition should get together at once and go into the battle united upon
some one man if it hopes to defeat D. M. Bums.
SUNDAY JANUARY 28, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Mala ISO's.
EDITORIAL H00M5....217 to 221 Ste»rn«on St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered i»r Carrier*. IS Cent* Per Week.
Sfnsle Coptea. 5 Cent*.
Term* »»r Mall. Inoln«llner Poatagret
riAII.V CALL (lnclndlncr Snnilnr), one yr-nr. .SO. OO
DAILY CALL 'Including Sunday), <l month*.. n.OO
DAILY CALL (inrlndlns Sandar). 3 months.. I.KO
O A l l- V CALL— lly Single Month '.'. 63e
M MXV CALL One Year USO
MEEKLY CALL One Year >-OO
All postmasters are authorized to recelre
¦nbscrlptlons.
Sample eoplen mill be forwarded irben requested
AMUSEMENTS.
Orphenm— VandrrUle.
California— "ln Paradise."
Columbia— "Othello."
TivoH— "The Idol's Eve."
Grand Opera-house— "Queen's" Lace Handkerchief 1 '
Alnajcbra— "Hlb Better Half."
>:eazar — "Lord Chunjley."
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olyjnpia. corner Mason and Ellla streets— Specialties
Union Cours'.n? Park— Courslnc to-day.
Ehennan-Clay Hall— Sons Recital, Tuesday erenlns.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-morrow. •
AUCTION SALES.
By Turkish Rug Co.— To-morrow, at 11 a. m. and 2 p. m.,
Tnrklrh Rure. at 148 Stockton street.
18
MISS BEATRICE TOBIN.On PATTERNS OF BEST AMERICAN* A (^
"^LINOLEUM. 2 yards wide; the regu- f\\ I^^ [( v
ins toe quality this week per square yard IJ (\J'
ABOUT lo DIFFERENT PATTERNS __.
OF ODD LENGTHS OF LINOLEUM. "^V '•^\ /l*
some large enough for kitchens or bath- r\ )f r\ l)J \\^j
rooms, mostly of the better qualities; . \s»^
your choice at
\nd grand opening of our NEW ENLARGED Carpet Department-
he largest and best lighted Carpet Department- in San Francisco.
AXMLVfiTERS AXD MOQUETTES, tn- /tp * /f\ ps
™ eluding the newest spring patterns and TN nl 111 •=?*
3et-igns; borders -to all of them; worth- oV 1 a v \J/rU/
regular $1 S5 to 4150. aiidseld la downtown . r- .
-Tores at th"c»» -rrices: this week •i-*
BODY BRUSSELS, all the reliable fjK . a p-j
makes— Lowell's, Bipelow's, Whit- '!*y Y| /5S
tal's>. In latest parlor and dining: room «-f- <vL/ I 9**-4<\J/
fects, also hall and stair border to match; I '
sold regular for .$150; your chalce this H
week '• >......., '.. ¦ .'•' •' '
"PUERTO" GIVES
WAY TO "PORTO"
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— The Senate
Committee on Porto Rico has decided, so
far as it can decide, that the Island whose
affairs it has under its particular care
shall be known as Porto Rico and not
Puerto Rico, as fixed by a recent execu
tive order. The question came up to
day in the meeting of the committee In
connection with the Foraker bill provid
ing a form of government of the island
and the decision upon the spelling of the
name was unanimous.
The committee went over the bill In de
tail, deciding upon many changes in
phraseology and some alterations in the
general provision of the measure. Prob
ably one of the most important changes
was to strike out the word "constitution"
wherever it appeared in the original print
of the bill, which extended the provisions
of the constitution as well as of the laws
to the Island. The change was made be
cause of the opinion generally expressed
by the members of the committee that
our constitution is not suited to the Porto
Rican people. The opinion was quite gen
eral that the extension of the constitution
was not necessary. Some of the Senators
expressed the opinion that the natives of
the island were not yet prepared for Jury
trials. --"¦¦¦ :.
Another important amendment provides
for the retirement of Porto Rlcan coins
and substitutes for them the coins of tha
United States. The Secretary of the Treas
ury is authorized to redeem the silver
coin known as the peso and all other sil
ver and copper Porto Rican coins now In
circulation at the present rate of 80 cents
in the money of the United States for
one peso. Another provision authorizes
the President to appoint an officer of th«
army to be Governor of the island, not
withstanding any present law to th»
contrary, but the appointment of such
officer is made optional with the Presi
dent. All laws enacted by the Porto Rican
Legislature are to be reported to Con
gress, which reserves the right to annul
them If considered necessary.
Th« provisions of the bill relating to the
questions of the tariff, the Federal courts,
the internal revenue and a delegate In the
Congress of the United States were passed
over until a full attendance of members
of the committee could be obtained, one
or two of the members being absent dur
ing a greater part of the day. - •• •¦
The extremes of highest qualities and lowest prices. It is a sale that necessarily
battles all efforts at competition. Every article offered is strictly high grade. • There is
nothing cheap or shoddy in the sale. It is, in' fact, a clearance sale of odds and small lots. No other
vtore can afford such low prices, because there is no store so large as this — none that sells as much
houscfurnishings as PATTOSIEN'S. Will you come this week? . . . .
MISCELLANEOUS.
C^^ )C -^^ COR. 16TH AND MISSION, —^
One Continuous Store From -Mission Street to Capp Street. '•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900:
BIRTHDAY OF THE
GERMAN EMPEROR
Fatherland Observesthe
Occasion.
PRESS EXTENDS GOOD WISHES
• — -
KAISER STYLED THE CHAMPION
OF PEACE.
Copyrighted, 1900, by th# Associated Press.
BERLIN, Jan. 27.-Excepting that it
was lacking in court fetes the Emperor's
birthday to-day was kept "In the usual
way. Flags were displayed everywhere
and the papers published congratulatory
articles In which his Majesty was praised
as the champion of peace, the promoter
of civilization and the vigorous helmsman
of Germany's destinies.
The Kreuz Zeltung's house poet again
publishes his usual congratulatory ode.
The Center organs remind the Emperor
that the Jesuits are not yet recalled and
say he would earn- their everlasting
gratitude by signing the Jesuit recall.
The court mourning stops all projected
festivities among their classes. The Aus
trian Embassador's big ball, arranged for
the 29th, is off, and the same Is the case
with Count Schaffgotsch, Count Slers
torps. Count Beroldingen, Count Lerchen
feld and Admirals Tlrpitz and Sandebe
branden. All of these balls were to be
honored by the Emperor's presence.
Tuesday's, court reception, which was
the only one this winter, was more bril
liant than ever. The ladles' costumes
displayed unusual elegance, many of
them being of peculiar design, Dark
glowing velvet, with costly fur trimming
and elaborate, silk embroideries, were
especially noticeable. Among the de
butantes Baroness Wlede-Bachnostiz at
tracted especial attention by personal
charms, beautiful costumes and remark
able diamonds. The Princess of Pless
and Countess yon Goetzen, the latter an
American, were also specially remarked.
In the small American delegation Mrs.
Wurtz made a gorgeous display of dia
monds and pearls, e.ven outshining. Mrs.'
White's famous necklace.
Among the older court elements com
plaints this winter were especially strong
because of the rigid new court cere
monial, the style of reception being
c6pied by the Emperor more after the
court of St. James, old gentlemen espec
ially complaining about being forced to
wear knee breeches with silk stockings,
inducing rheumatism and gout. They also
complain at the increasing costliness of
the gala coats, which, for high officials,
now cost 1400 marks.
Munich celebrated the Emperor'a birth
day with a banquet, in which all the.Ba
varian Princes shared. The heir to the
throne. Prince Ludwig, toasted the Em
peror and spoke in favor of the naval in
creases.
Though Dr. Leyds, the diplomatic rep
resentative of the Transvaal, claims that
he oame here principally to celebrate the
Emperor's birthday, as in previous years,
the correspondent of the Associated Press
understands on authority that he also
came to consult with the German officials
about Portugal's alleged breach of neu
trality in stopping travel to the Transvaal
from the Delagoa Bay.
The Berlin elevated railway Intends to
introduce electric motor power at the ex
pense of 43,000,000 marks. The projected
system will be conducted after the Chi
cago South Sid* Railroad, the present
steam system having proved inadequate.
Ibsen's "When the Dead Awake" had
its first performance yesterday evening
in Stuttgart and scored a boisterous suc
cess.
> The roles for the "Passion Play" at
Obermammergau have now been award
ed, the character of the Holy Mother to
be represented by Anna Flunger and that
of Christ by Anton Lang. Edward Lang
remains as the musical director. \ ?
¦ The grave of Humboldt. the naturalist
and traveler, at Legal, near this city, has
been desecrated by miscreants, who
wanted to steal the metal ornaments. The
offenders were frightened and fled, leav
ing their tools.
The German Evangelical Women's Fea
eration has petitioned Prince Hohenloh.e
to call a conference for the purpose of
internationally settling upon preventive
measures against tralflc in girls for im
moral purposes.
During the coming week begins the sen
sational trial of Bank President yon
Kriegsheim and his confederates, who are
charged with a long system of swindling.
Several prominent' society ladies are In
volved.
M. Heard, formerly Minister of the
United States to Korea, whose daughter
married Herr yon Brandt, ex-Minister of
Germany to China, is Ivere from Wiemar,
where he has been visiting his daughter.
GIANT OIL
COMPANY
Location of Wells, McKittrick, Kern County, Cal.
Capitalization, $500,000.
.. . t
60Q acres of land, U. S. Patent. In the heart OF
the now famous McKittrick district, selected by ex-
perts and, proven to be one of the best Oil-produc-
ing properties in the State.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, President.
J. M. MERRELL, Vice-President.
OFFICES:
Rooms 15-16, Second Floor,
Mills Building, San Francisco.
460-462 Eighth Street, Oakland, Cal.
General Lawton in two of his hardest
campaigns, but happened to be in Ma
nila when the hero met his death.
The Sydney and the Thomas, the latter
having General Lawton's remains aboard,
were in Nagasaki together. The Thomas
had to be cleaned and painted and was
not expected to sail until five days after
-SKROLI.S OF SANFORDS BEST TAPESTRY CARPETS in all Ir—l F=
*•& the new spring colorings, with or without border— also hall /I I=^ ft ?
and stair and chamber designs; sold all last season for Soc, and /£ C\ )) \\^f
are now selling in downtown stores for 90c; special
WAS CHARLES MOHRBACHER.
Body of the Man Murdered in Seattle
Identified.. .
SEATTLE. Jan. 27.— The body of the
man who was murdered yesterday on East
Lake avenue was identified to-day as that
of Charles Mohrbacher, a waiter. Not
long after the identification Charles
Shomo, proprietor of the Klondike saloon,
who lives opposite where the body of the
man was found, was arrested and charged
with Ms murder. Two little boys saw him
pick up a rifle, yesterday afternoon and
tire at a horse, they thought. He fired in
the direction of the spot where Mohr
bacher was found.
Shomo has complained to the police re-
iewly plowed field, and In some unknown
way was thrown under the harrow, re
maining, unable to extricate himself, for
several minutes. He was badly lacerated
about the body and head, many wounds
being upon his face, and for some time it
was feared he Tjad received fatal Injuries.
It now develops, however, that he will re
cover. No one can explain the cause of
the peculiar accident.
FAVORABLE TO DR. GILES.
Expert Testimony Given by Doctors
\ . . at Jackson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON, Jan. 27.— The testimony in
the Giles case was to-day very favorable
to the doctor. Dr. Gibbons was on the
Ftand until noon. He testified that the
wounds described by Drs. Endicott and
Gall, who held the autopsy, were probably
inflicted by the undertaker In the process
of embalming, and that these wound*
could not have been inflicted by the souni
said to have been used by Dr. Giles; that
death was caused by the bursting of a
blood vessel— more important than any
that could have been affected by the
wounds discovered by the autopsy physi
cians. Dr. Hopkins of Fresno occupied,
the stand this afternoon and corroborated
the testimony of Dr. Gibbons.
REVOLUTION SPREADING.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Jan. 27.— 1n spite
of the rigidity of the censorship Venezue
lan mail advices indicate continued activ
ity by and In behalf of the Hernandez
revolution, which is spreading, the Gov
ernment having failed to divert public ex
citement from domestic politics by the al
leged wanton provocation of diplomatic
complications with France. A week ago
the insurgent headquarters were strongly
established at San Fernando de Apure
under the popular triumvirate in behalf
of Hernandez, who was advancing from
the Colombian frontier, the populace ac
claiming him aa the only possible pacifi
cator of an anarchistic element which was
rending the country.
Boss in Court.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
SAX LUIS OBISPO. Jan. 27.— Convict
Ross this morning appeared before Su
perior Judge Lnangst for arraignment ou
a charge of murder. He stated that »m
had means to employ attorneys and ex
pressed a preference for Graves &
Graves. The arraignment was postponed
until Monday afternoon. Ross said he
would plead "not guilty."' The case of
Samuel M. Findlay, defaulting Tax Col
lector, has been set for February 12.
$¦¦¦» /T\/r\ FOR 110 CURTAlNS— Brussels, Batten-
C" (I II I berg, Swiss Point and Cluny— qualities
•^^a^^j/^J/ unsurpassed— culled out of our regular
(% )l ; stock, owing to I smallness of individual
v-sa*'v -5a*' quantities — striking bargains.
«* /T*s. lT\ /T\ F<^ R K~ 50 BA.TTENBERG AND I \ _LJ Z ff!> TO
$TI fi 11 (I 111 I BRUSSELS CURTAlNS— exceptional CV*T — " S =^bi ~^9\
I I I»'v^L/ values— parlor curtains of merit — only I ,<»fc7 L3«3e^*'> _-*,3rafisii££'
:| W 1/ • sufficient number of pairs of a pat- /d> \ t&JjKSSL-ji 9J
•*•*• tern for 1, 2 or 3 windows— but at ex- ft i2> Cvp^fe *:•: • i>l >w^ tv-yi^vVfjl 11
traordinary prices. /.JY' : -iCngj 2" I^J^flFn \ ' J-'
$^t i—^ f\ /I~\ FOR $23 SAXONT BRUSSELS AND TSiiJ [fi Till rifll I V^^
\\ f ' (I 111 I FRENCH curtains— lowest lmporta- ~ f4f 4 I VI I \ L^"^
,1 t!^^ 9*\J/^y tljn cost exceeds the price to-day -*— L->*J\2_±s^
\\ {% )/ fully 50 per cent— wide, elaborate w
JJL VS-^x hand-made curtains— with gorgeous
hand-wrought borders. FOR SSS BRASS BED 9
absolutely perfect In
$,_ s-m^ —. /r\ FOR S6O BRASS BEDS /p j r=! F= every detail— simply
*a> siilll —a few remaining /I // \\ / =?> closing out certain
// aXJ/ \J samples— with great, cvpJ /] I Vl II a <X»i' lines prior to inven-
— )\ //^ large 2-lnch posts— at &^p tory and marked with-
vL*/ J32 oO— an unprecedent- LI out consideration of
ed value. cost— your chance.
Substantial Savings in Carpets and Linoleums,
Great Clearance of AH Broken Lines and Odds and Ends
Second
Floor, •
Rear.
THEIR BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE.
Any one doubling the ability of DR. MEYERS Si. CO. to cur? may
deposit the price in any bank in San Francisco, where it may remain fill
cure is effected. If patients prefer, they may pay Jn monthly Installments.
All medicines and appliances free to patients.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are the only specialists on the Pacific Coast
who cure diseases and weakness of m;n fx.lustve.ly.
HOME CURES-FREE BOOK.
DR. MEYERS can cure you at home. Although It Is preferable to see the
patient In many Instances, it is not always necessary. If you cannot call,
write for private book, diagnosis sheet, free advice, prices and other partic-
ulars. Correspondence solicited. All letters confidential. No printing on
envelopes or packages to indicate name of sender. Cures sent by mall or ex-
press free from observation.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
A STAFF OF SKILLED SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED 19 YEARS.
73 \ Market Street elevator I *-
¦*^ A SAN FRANCISCO. ENTRANCE. ETenines-7 to a"
Clearing the Curtains and Beds.
All Surplus stock to be peremptorily cleared — gotten rid of— moved
out of the way for new goods — anticipating a want now means much saving of
money — prices on all odd curtains anJ beds are cut in two.
L D P L - I J KIIS J , i 2 F ROMAN CHAIRS —^ « » ffoDD LOTS OF GILT RECEPTION yfc> . — j _,
r about three different patterns, made of <SL y% j] a?\ in dainty designs, with pretty QjW A jj S
r^ahoeany colored birch wood.- uphol- qI? )/ 3 J <jj; damask seat; some of them worth up to qJuJ A\ a/I CU/'
btered in velour* or tapestries; II and So Jf* JS and $10; your choice at va <r /^iL o " **-"
crades this weok , IT .
\P2¥ T « OXE « U^*DRED ODD ROCK- fe /hV/fiV O DD LINES OF DINING CHAIRS- /Jb iss /T\
'^LRS— Some made In- saddle s«at. some '5S (I 1(1 I Some .lots of 2. some 3, some 4or 5 v%- Yl SI 111 1
:eather eeat. some upholstered eeat; ail qI/ -?\9^J/ v AJ/ of a kind, made of best selected oak, finest *»JD' II o(D/^sJ/
;.lghly polished and finished; choice of )1 cane seat, heavy brace corners and sub- I .
wood— eolden oak or In mahogany; worth vi^ ctantlally made; sold before the holidays ii
. very cent of S5; At Pattosien c this week at $2 and $2 50; your choice this week
In PATTOSIEN'S great odds and ends sale.
Tour choice this week for $39.00 of twenty 3-piece bedroom suits, made of the best fe /S*tv tf\iT\
selected golden oak. swell frame, odd shaped French bevel mirror, finest cast brass Sm \J? ft ]| (l]j(l )
handles, the best $45.00. $50.00 and $55.00 suits we ever sold, 4 different styles. /*)) *
Take your desire for only \ -^
Cure All Disorders of Men.
-> : The fact that these successful specialists have been curing
men for more than 19 years is certainly in their favor. If they
had not been competent their ; great medical institu ioi would
have ceased to exist long ago. . -?-~ i
The fact that they will undertake a case on their old
original proposition, "NO PAY TILL CURED," is the most
convincing of all arguments that they have faith in their
ability. No other doctors will make an offer like the " Bank
Deposit Guarantee" given below.
THEY CURE THE FOLLOWING AILMENTS:
Lost Manhocd. Stricture, Kidney Diseases.* Rheumatism,
Premature Decay, Syphilis, Bladder Diseases, Neura g.a.
Unnatural Losses, Rupture, Spine Diseases, . Stomach Diseases.
Wasting Drains. Tumors. Liver Diseases, Eye Disease?.
Nervous Debility. Variccce.e, Heart Diseases. Ear Diseaiei.
Private Diseases', Hydrocele, Shod Diseases*. Lung Diseases.
Sleeplessness, Cancer, Skin Diseases, Rec'al Diseases.
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WILL STAND BY
LORD SALISBURY
Attitude of the British
Parliament."
OPPOSITION NOT UNITED
LIKELY TO DO LITTLE MORE
THAN CRITICIZE.
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Preas.
LONDON, Jan. 27.— Though criticism of
the Government and its methods of han
dling the war Is unabated. It is safe to pay
that when Parliament meets next Tues
day morning nothing serious will" result.
There will be the usual motions of cen
sure, with perhaps more than usual im
passioned denunciations of the various de
partments of the administration, especial
ly the War and Colonial offices. But such
Is the patriotism of the average English
man and such Is the strength of the Con
servative organization that It will be sur
prising if Lord Salisbury's majority is
even appreciably weakened.
This mere tally of votes, however, must
not be construed as a real index of na
tional feeling, for many a man will go to
the Government lobby who outside has
privately declared some one ought to b«
hanged for maladministration and that
If Cord Salisbury did not disassociate
himself from the system of culprits re
sponsible for the national humiliation he
must eventually take the consequences.
The Inner circle of the Government Is
perfectly "aware of such on eventuality,
but it has no fears for the Immediate fu
ture. Implicitly believing in a successful
climax of the war and trusting It will off
set the Initial blunders.
Another cogent reason for prophesying
that the session will be barren of changes
affecting the balance of power is that the
opposition apparently is hopelessly divid
ed. • Nothing showed this better than John
Morley's speech at Forfar on January 24.
when for the first time he publicly
sneered at Lord Rosebery. who numbers
among his devoted adherents such bril
liant Liberals as H. H. Asqulth and Sir
Edward Grey. Lord Rosebery's magnifi
cent speech this week and the speeches
which he has recently delivered have been
convincing men of all parties of his ex
ceptional breadth of mind, patriotism and
ability to face a national crisis sanely,
and perhaps it is .not stretching the bow
to say that he to-day commands British
confidence to a greater extent than Lord
Salisbury. Yet it is Impossible for the
Liberals to unite on him, and, as the Sat
urday Review says, he Is so admirable out
of office that no one would risk putting
him in.
With Mr. Morley so bitterly opposed to
the Rosebery section of the Liberals and
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman such a
non-committal nonentity that his own
party press scarcely ever refers to him.
"the Liberals have no leader upon whom
to unite, even should they cohese suffi
ciently to make a determined attempt to
oust the Government; so it is probable
the opposition's tactics will be of the
guerrilla order, contenting itself with put
ting up Sir Charles Dilke and others to
criticize individual points and while not
directly challenging a vote upon the
morality of the war and the Government's
waging: of it, for fear of Incurring the ac-.
cusation of being Unpatriotic, achieving
the same end by vigorous academic criti
cism of the ante-bellum diplomacy, bring
ing up the Jameson raid skeleton and
demanding the production of the withheld
correspondence which was referred to by
B. F. Hawksley, counsel for Cecil Rhodes,
in the letters recently published by the In
dependence Belpe. This line of policy,
however, will not prevent the Irish mem
bers and most of the advanced Liberals
bringing to a vote most sweeping meas
ures of censure.
The Liberal leaders of all sections are
likely to abstain from supporting the war
itself: The war has now been in progress
over three months, and the British posi
tion is worse than when Parliament was
hastily assembled to grant supplies.
— r>v^
( y — &- P
7 TS —^ 7
TRIAL TRIP OF
THE SANTA FE
TUG RICHMOND
More Than Fills All
Requirements.
CITY OF SYDNEY HOME AGAIN
•
ENCOUNTERS HEAVY WEATHEB
OFF JAPANESE COAST.
?
Th« Santa Fe'i new tug Richmond has
;ad her official trial and more than ful-
Uled all- her contract requirements. She
s one *t the ablest boats of her class
.float "fend proved to be very fast during
he four hours' test given her on the bay
esterday. The Richmond is 10G feet long,
:3 feet beam and 11 feet ,6 inches deep.
rhe engines have a high-pressure cylln
ler 20 Inches in diameter and a low-pres«
;re cylinder 42 inches in diameter, with
i 24-inch stroke, and are fitted with steam,
eversing gear. The bcller 1» 13 feet in
iianqeter by 11 feet 10 inches long ond[a
iressure of ISO pounds to the square Inch
s allowed. The tug is fitted with a Witt
hid ;-ropeller. steam winding gear for
ward and a steam capstan aft; steam
tearing gear and a fire pump of 16,000
.-aliens per hour capacity. In fact, noth
r.g that would help to moke the Rlch
aimd h model towing machine has been
forgotten.
tl ' ;
The Richmond was designed and built
by the Fulton Engineering and Ship
Building Company and the officers of the
concern received many compliments from
shipping men yesterday on the success of
the new craft. Among those who went
out on the trial trip were Captain Mat
thews, supervising engineer of the trans
port service: Captain Metcalf. Lloyds
surveyor; James Jerome of the Saginaw
Steamship Company; Captain McCoy, su
perintendent of the Spreckels Towboat
Corripany; Captain Gray of the Ship
Owners' and Merchants' Towboat Com
pany: Messrs. Payson, Storey and Mac
kay* of the Santa Fe Railroad Company
and A. Z. High, superintendent of the
Fulton Iron Works. All of. these gen
tlemen were more than pleased with the
new boat and Iso expressed themselves.
After her four hours* trial the Richmond
was taken up toward Red Rock and when
In quiet wall ail on board sat down to a
cold collation. . ¦ :.-"•
The Fulton Engineering and Ship Build
ing Works Is now prepared to handle any
ocean-going vessel that may come to
San Francisco. Up to a few months ago
the management of the concern was very
much bothered by the sand silting up.
Now. however, a breakwater has been
built and the harbor formed by It dredged
out to a depth of twenty feet at low wa- .
ter. Even the largest vessels can there
fore be handled at the works at any stage
of the tide.
The Richmond Is to tow the Santa Fe's
freight barges /rom Point Richmond to
the company's dock at Main -street on
•this side of the bay.. ' ' :
The transport City of Sydney arrived
from Manila via Nagasaki yesterday. She
will probably be released by the Govern
ment to-morrow and will then sro back
Into the Mall Company's service. The
Sydney'was twenty-one days coming from >
Nagasaki and had a very hard time of It
for the first ten days. It blew a hurri
cane and the seas ran mountains . high. .
The ship, being light, was thrown around •
like a cork and In consequence everybody •
: on board had a hard time of It. The only .
passengers who came up on the trans
port wera A. L. Burr. J. A. Clark and
B. A. Holcomb. The latter Is a clerk In
the navy and has been ordered to Mare
Island. Dr. A. D. Prentice, the ship's .
surgeon, was left at Manila, as he received
an appointment In the regular army while
there. Dr. J. W. Hepburn was surgeon In
charge of the transport. He was with
— —I:
- . wxi waul :
Of paying Two Prices for Shoes.
It's merely habit, and one we willingly help you to break with-
out bruising your pride or pinching your fest, and offer you j
an EXTRA VALUE. /j;> ; ;
Ladies' Vie! Kid Lacf, new round toe and tip, extension sole. ;
lace stitch, medium heel, all sizrsand widths $2.50
A few more of the LADIES 1 NOVA -SCOTIA SEALS, cork sole,
button, hand sewea, formerly $4-s°» half price $2. 4 25 j
Ladies' Storm Rulers, square toe, ail 5iz;5........... ....35c ¦
r^-i^C* 738-740
J^CX SL S5 Market St.
''¦I- ¦ • '"* , * » r' ¦ • • J
the -City of Sydney. She Is about the same
speed as the Sydney and accordingly may
npt be looked for before February 1.
The missionary brig Pitcairn will corns
over from Oakland Creek to-day to be
fitted out for another cruise among the
islands of the Southern Seas. A new
cabin Is to be built on her aft and other
wise she will be put in first-class condi
tion. Her first stopping place will be Pit
cairn Island and from there she will pro
ceed to the Marquesas, Tahiti, Hawaii
and the New Hebrides.
The Sacramento steamers are now run
nine from Clay street wharf instead of
La Rue's wharf. The latter place Is be
ing repaired and the stern-wheelers are
using the old Sausalito ferry slip. The
Apache was the first of the fleet to use
the new landing and quite a crowd of peo
ple were looking for her along the front
yesterday. -• _ ¦ ..' \r , • .
SAID WATER RAN UP HILL.
Judge Barry Decides a -Case From
Berna? Heights.
Justice of the Peacs Barry yesterday
rendered a decision in the case of John H. 5
Sullivan against Hugh Dougherty for
$299 99 damages alleged to have been sus
tained by reason of the negligence of the
defendant .in allowing an overflow of
storm waters to enter the plaintiff's prem
ises on Bernal Heights.
In his complaint Sullivan said he lived
at 2825 Army street, and that near his
residence he has a storehouse, which was
filled with "cattle hair In sacks, of great
value"; that Dougherty, who lives at 2819
Army street, dug a ditch from his house
to the storehouse owned by Sullivan while
the latter was away,- find on last New
Year's day the heavy rainfall caused vol-
umei of water to rush into the storehouse
and ruin the cattle hair therein stored.
It developed during the trial that Sulli
van's premises are situated some ten feet
higher than the house owned by Dough
erty, and Judge Barry was at a Joss to
know how the damage could have been
done unless the wattr ran up the hill.
"I was unaware," said the Judge, "that
water was in the habit of 'running up
hill.'"
"Well," said Dougherty, "this water ran
every which way, for while I was In the
basement of my home I even heard It
running upstairs."
The. , Judge rapped for order and re
marked, that 'he was always under the
impression that neighborly harmony ex
isted among the residents of Bernal
Heights. -
"Well, your Honor." said Sullivan, "Ber
nal Heights is a good deal like Nob Hill."
"In what. way? -as Judge Barry. "Fi
nancially or topographically?"
"Because it's a hill of a place," replied
the .facetious Sullivan.
. Judge Barry decided that the damages
complained of had not been caused by any
act of negligence on the part of. the de
fpndant Dougherty, but were the result
of an act of Providence.
Suicide of an Indian.
REDDING. Jan. 27.— An Indian CO years
of age committed suicide to-day by shoot-
Ing himself with a revolver. He waa
known as Mike Griffin, and leaves a
widow andtseveral grown children. He
had been brooding over family troubles
for some time, as he believed a young
buck was winning the affections of his
wife. •
Exhibition of Bronzes.
Mark ' Hopkins 'Institute of Art open to
day from 9 till 5. Admission 25 cents. •
cently that a man was annoying his wife
by waving hls - handkerchief at her and
by other unseemly actions. He said he
was anxious to catch the fellow. ¦ Yester
day, morning Mohrbnoher told a friend
that he had a "date" and exhibited a slip
of paper with a number on East Lake
avenue on it. Shomo is now out on bail
on a charge of having robbed a Klondlker.
lie bears a very bad reputation.
VANDERBILTS COMING WEST.
Admiral and' Mrs. Dswey May Be
Their Guests.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 2.— Manager
Dunn of the Arlington Hotel of this city
has received orders by wire to reserve a
large suite of rooms In the Arlington An
nex for the AVebb-Vanderbilt party, to ar
rive there early next month. The partj
is known to consist of Dr. •W. Sewani
Webb and W..K. Vanderbilt Jr., with
their families, and It Is thought that Ad
miral and Mrs. George Dewey may be
their guests.
The party will go direct to Santa Bar
bara in the special train which was Wag
ner's exhibit at the World's Fair, and will
return without making any other stops of
special duration on the coast. The Webb-
Vanderbllt party was in Santa Barbara
last winter. After their return to New
York the .visitors, expect to sail for Paris.
?
Fell Under a Harrow.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .'
MONTEREY. Jan. 27.— News has been
received here of a peculiar and nearly
fatal accident . that occurred on the Gregg
ranch, in the Cannel, on Wednesday aft
ernoon of this week. S. . Morales, an : em
ploye of the ranch, was harrowing a
19
SANTA FE RAILROAD'S NEW TUG RICHMOND.?•&" ' / r r^TTr |ji i|p, - I'll '"^jS*' T^V
Sy "k 9 Th« pwutiar
THE HOME REMEDY Z' StiXZ
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS S^S*?.*?
to nu, for all tiiaac p«ic«, ajimecu anil <Jifflea!ti«« no
imnM> on earth Q ~_ ft Of** t««Jy applied. Krllere*
«o,ual. '>.fiam»janO-kIQ all Htrrlno pain* !¦
*JMinßl IO ¦l»»t»a, Pn-roptlv r'li*\n H»t4arh»,
CJ/>.-Ot'" *'•«•». hired an. Ulad-ierTrouhlrs. r'a.ntn*»t,
7*«W*"£J[ V'ri'iuiri-, fear ad IVjj^nd'r.ry. Caret
jSjf- ?TS L'terin* Cair.rlaintt, Backache, Kearinf iw>»a
f&P^ "^5 •••"'•^ f""'»* '"'"ritioni.C'heors^^r^V
/"Xf. ' \\ ''•' •l" rltJ •'•'' Vlt»Hee« th« o-holeHllt i
X&gfZ' n^rm\^ On*bZ cent ' wi5 \liti?
?f ft'P^VlT lp*lM>^LDrnrl p*IM>^LDrnr ALL DRUGGISTR.
JlUrO MLL ( Wll m n.iW ib plain wrapper on receiM
111 I U niii UI CO The rrrtef-uf*. f «H». «U t . rklran
Suld la &an (ruicuco and Oakland bj tfae Owl Draj Co.
PDTT C 11 17 C FOR BARBERS. BAK.
JJILUOIii-iO '"• bootblack*. b«th-
housrs. billiard tables,
tire-were, bookbinders, candy-makers, canncm]
lyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
Llcroen. tar-roofers, tannera. tailors, etc
BUCUA.NA.N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 5t
DEWEY.STRONG&CO.
LEGISLATORS FROM THE
SOUTH NOW ON THE WAY
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 27.— The Southern
California division army of "occupation,
which invades Sacramento next week, left
this evening. The owl train carried Sen
ators Biilla, Currier and Nutt, Assembly
men Valentine, Conrey, • Melick, Mead,
Works, Crowder. Miller left on the 10:50
train. The members from Los Angeles
opposed to Burns Intend to make a strong
effort when they reach Sacramento to de
feat h,lm. So far as the prospect of his
own candidacy being again revived is con
cerned, Bulla's friends declare that he is
in a position to take advantage of the op
portunity should there be a genuine move
ment toward his election.
Senator Currier, when asked If he had
signed a caucus call, declined to reply.
He did volunteer . the information, how
ever, that a very large part of his con
stituency about Spadra and Pomona is
opposed to the extra session and also to
the election of Cblonel Burns.
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al Iron American
Mail Steamship
mini
(CAPACITY 3000 TONS)
FOB NOME DIfIEGT.
Sailing from San Francisco
MDnflay,May21 1 1900.
First Cabin, Second Class and Steer-
age Accommodations.
For Passsnger and Freight Rates,
and Reservations, apply to
THE ALASKA EIPLORATIOH CO.,
139 FOST STKEET.
<§s(j<Q.GG
FOR 3 ROOMS OAK FURNITURE.
BEDROOM SE^ I PIECES. 1 ROCKER. 2
CHAIRS. 1 WIRE MATTRESS. 1 TOP MAT-
TRESS. 1 CENTER TABLE. I PAIR PIL-
LOWS.
DINING ROOM. «-FOOT OAK EXTENSION
TABLE. 4 OAK CHAIRS.
KITCHEN. NO. 7 STOVE AND BOX. I PAT-
ENT KITCHEN TABLE AND 2 CHAIRS.
ESTIMATES CHEERFULLY GIVEN.
Also full line or CARPET 3 from 40e up.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Ocp. Union Square, cor. Powell.
Open evenings. Fre« delivery Oakland. Ala-
meda and Berkeley.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$250 GIVEN TO THOSE WHO CAN CORRECTLY COUNT MONEY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Eice, the Well-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All
Anyone Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation op an Hour's Loss of
lime From Work.
r
To the thr:usan4s upon thousands of ruptured
r <•(,'.- who are torturing themselves with i
trurse* and in momentary danger of death from j
etrar.£i:U;ion Dr. W. S. Itlce. 41S L. Main
street. Adams, N.
-r *^^ V.. will send free
>^^sC^S?s^ to »H » trial of
nr.. r^ \. \>x his famous method
/ I \w \v that has saved so
/ I qa V many lives and
jl /L \J \\ made so many
Cfty-ZS^TL jT"» V men, women and
j VLV "^a-" gA h children well and
V 61 , ?/U- ¦ I ftrcng and perma-
y. f9^-- ¦ ¦>¦ Vv s * / nently cured of old
A'-'SsS&te 1 * J&%// Bnd <iirficult ru P-
\ *££>*>>? xJ? v - r " F - l)o not b -
/i^ '^•\f-p-X>~L\ JET' backward about i
VvO^K^fo-lt? EPfw writing: for the !
.V^'^yt&L J^ii free trial. It will
f? *ll" k££&i'*> J' fe a coBt V™ n° thin K
• 'rS-'^Six.' v/" * na wIII «nable
r -'XgSn.i» you to see how
"t\* a easily you can cure
». ¦? ?-„.„. yourself In a very
M. X LTMAN. tnort u me without
lr*ing an hour from work. Dr. Rice Is deter-
mined that ever}- suffering tnan or woman shall
know the wonderful truth that rupture can be
cured ar.d he therefore generously sends, pre-
paid by mail, his method, absolutely free, and
>->v 'an make a free trial of it. Write to-day
without fall, as you cannot aSord to miss this
Jr«-e and generous offer.
Mr. M. K. Lyrr.an, a highly esteemed citizen
o* Dclray, Fla., says: "The Dr. Rice method Is
c remarkable cure. I had an old rupture that
defied everything, but In three weeks there was
no protniFicn and I have remained sound and
well evrr since. I heartily recommend Dr. Rice
to every sufferer." Do not fall to write at once
for the tree trial and thus cure yourself at borne
withou* pain, danger or detention from the
day** work. Write at ence. Commence now
end before the heavy work of eprtng begins you
will be cured nound as a dollar.
Write tc Dr. W. 8. Ulce. 418 I* Main St., j
Adams. N. T. You will never regret having
«3one so.
Charles Giles Foster Dead.
CHICAGO. Jan. 27.— Charles Giles Fos
ter, a former owner of the Kansas City
Journal, died to-day of angina pectoris at
his home in Chicago. Mr. Foster becama
totally blind four years ago.
dealer, with Interests here and at Chlco.
was satisfied with the extra session if
the outcome should be the election of a
Republican capable of caring for the in
terests of California and Intellectually
fitted to take an intelligent part In na.
tional affairs. He believed it would be a
political blunder to elect D. M. Burns,
though he thought the extra session was
called in Burns' interest.
Business men who aro Republicans and
the rank. and file of the party are almost
to a man opposed to the election of Burns
and many have only unkind words to vol
untarily say of the Governor ror bringing
about a crisis for which there was not a
necessity.
HEALDSBURG, Jan. 27.— 1 think if
Burns receives the nomination the Re
publican party will lose the State at the
Presidential election this fall Just as sure
as fate. Barham is my choice. He will
represent the people and the people' 3 in
terests. I don't think the extra session
should have been called, but if Congress
man Barham be chosen it will be well
worth the cost. — Andrew Price.
YREKA, Jan. 27.— The extra session of
the Legislature Is a waste of time and
money for a purpose not necessary. Rath
er a Democrat for a Senator than Dan
Burns.— E. H. Schofleld, merchant.
The extra session will do great damage
to the Republican party. It would be an
outrage to elect Burns Senator.— George
D. Butler, attorney.
California is a great State and her sov
ereignty should be represented In the
Senate of the United States by her great
est men. . The Legislature should elect a
tru!y representative Californian, a man of
distinguished 'ability, and unsullied honor
and indisputable integrity. He should be
alike loyal to the people and McKinley's
administration and the best Interests of
California.— J. S. Beard, Superior Judge,
Siskiyou County.
It is the opinion of every man living In
this vicinity that the election of Colonel
Burns to the United States Senate would
be a political mistake.— Dr. G. W. Dwln
nell of Montague.
£-ir— 3HE Call yesterday printed three
pages of interviews with leading
Republicans in all parts of the
ji State on the Governor's call for the
extra session of the Legislature
and the fitness of Daniel M. Burns
for the position of United-States Senator.
The consensus of opinion was that the
Governor had no Justification for the
special summons and that the election of
Burns would be a disgrace to California.
The following additional Interviews were
received last night:
REDDING, Jan. 27.— Leaving out of con
sideration the opinions of those who fol
low politics for a livelihood, the sentiment
of the Republicans of Redding is almost
solidly against the election of D. M. Burns
to the United States Senate. With re-
Bpect to the wisdom or folly of calling an
extra session of the Legislature local Re
publican opinion is divided. Should
some man other than D. M. Burns or
Grant be elected, then the extra session,
in the opinion of the bulk of the local Re
publicans, would be justified. But if
Burns, particularly, be chosen, it Is felt
that it would be a serious blow to the
prestige of the State, an extravagant ex
penditure of the people's money to a pre
arranged end, and a death blow to the Re
publican party in California in the ap
proaching Presidential election.
R. M. Saeltzer, manager of the McCor
mick-Saeltzer Company, the largest mer
chandise nouse in Northern California, in
an interview expressed himself as em
phatically opposed to the election of Dan
Burns, and thought an irreparable injury
would be done the State should he be
elected.
. C. C. Bush Jr., cashier of Shasta Coun
ty, expressed the conviction that the call
ing of an extra sesison was a political
blunder that would culminate in the de
feat of the Republican party should D.
M. Burns be elected United States Sena
tor.
F. P. Primm, attorney at law and a
Republican who has given much of his
time to campaign work, favored the ex
tra session, but was opposed to the elec
tion of Burns, believing that' Burns' suc
cess would lose the State to McKinley in
the fall. Hi preferred that a new man
be taken up by the extra, session.
A. A.- is'ordyke, member of the butch
ering and cattle buying firm of Nordyke
& Newsom, believed the results of the
extra session would not Justify the ex
penditure necessary, and was opposed to
the election of D. M. Burns under any
circumstances. His election, he believed,
would practically destroy the party in this
State In the fall campaign.
E. A. Reid, vice-president of the Bank
of Shasta County, expressed the convic
tion that the extra session was called in
the interest of D. M. Burns, and that his
election would be the worst thing that
could happen to the State and the party.
James Young, a representative hardwara
SENATOR TROUT'S PLAN
TO CHOOSE A SENATOR
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 27.— Senator Trout,
who starts for Sacramento to-morrow,
says he fears another deadlock on the
Senatorial question, but hopes a good
man will be chosen. His plan is to drop
all former candidates and nominate new
men. Then after each joint ballot drop
the one receiving the smallest number of
votes until a selection is made. He thinks
the session will la,st a month.
HOW A SENATOR
MUST BE CHOSEN
UNITED STATES. ARTICLE I. •
Section 42.— The times, places -
and manner of holding elections •
for Senators and Representatives -
shall be prescribed in each State -
by the Legislature thereof; but -
the Congress may at any time, -
by law, make or alter such reg- -
ulations, except as to the places -
of choosing Senators. %,•
REVISED STATUTES OF THE -
UNITED STATES. TITLE 11. .'
THE CONGRESS. CHAPTER 1. '
Section 14.— The Legislature of '.
each State which Is chosen next .
preceding the expiration of the .
time for which any Senator was .
elected to represent such State in ".
Congress shall, on the second .
Tuesday after the meeting and .
organization thereof, proceed to .
elect a Senator In Congress.
Section 16.— Whenever on the ¦
mqeting of the Legislature of any-
State a vacancy exists in the rep
resentation of such State in the
Senate, the Legislature shall pro
ceed, on the second Tuesday after
meeting and organization, to
elect a person to fill such va
cancy, in the manner .proscribed
in the preceding section for the
election of a Senator for a full
term. . '
Section 17.— Whenever during
the Legislature of any State a va- ;
cancy occurs in the representa- '
tion of such State in the Senate,
similar proceedings to fill such
vacancy shall be had on the sec
ond Tuesday after the Legisla- "
ture has organized and has no- '
tice of such vacancy.
OPPOSITION TO DAN BURNS UNIVERSAL
Severely Denounced by the Best Republi
cans of the State.
LINE-UP SOLID AGAINST THE MEXICAN IN SENATORIAL FIGHT
They Declare His Election Would Be One of the Most Injurious
Political Events That Could Happen to the State
of California.
GOVERNOR ALONE
OPPOSES SAVING
OF THE FLOODS
Would Not Name Plan
in His Call.
The Governor has angered the California
Water and Forest Association. He was
«qucste£ by every member of the execu
tive committee and every member of the
advisory council of the association, with
the exception of members who are also
members of the L*-gi«lature, to include
mention of an appropriation to help per
form the preliminary work for the im
pounding of floods in connection with the
Ooverr.xnent surveys in his call for the
extra session of the legislature. He re
fused. As a consequence the Legislature
wili have no chance to consider the ad
visability of making euch an appropria
tion at the session which will begin to
morrow. No reason has been assigned,
and the flood-saver» think that they have
a y r y decided grievance and tbat a great
need of the State has been overlooked
and contemptuously pushed aside by the
Governor.
At the last session of the Legislature
what was kr.own as the Farnsworth bill
went through both houses without a dis
senting voice. That was to appropriate the
turn of $10,000 to assist in the preliminary
work of the Government surveys. The
bill was pocketed by the Governor. The
reason given was that it had not been en
grossed before the adjournment of the
Legislature and so failed to reach him
¦fIUUn the ten days' limit. No objection
was maue to the purpose for which the
menf-y was to have -been expended if it
bad been appropriated. Since tiie adjourn
xat-nt oi" tne Legislature the State con
wntJon has been heid in this city, which
resulted iii the formation of the California.
Water and Forest Association. The plans
of th» association have been commended
by ail the newspapers in the State and by
all j.ulilic men; tne. banks of San Fran
cisco and others have contributed money
Bf a donation for the purpose of saving
the flood waters in wet years, to be used
lor mining purposes and irrigation in the
dry years.
': h» fv incls all tended to make the
officers and advisory council of the Water
nr.6 Forest Association believe that there
would be no difficulty in getting the Gov
ernor to mention the flotKi-savins work in
connection with the call for the extra leg
islative session. What would have hap
pened had the appropriation been included
in the call may probably be guessed from
the unanimous approval given by the
members of the Legislature at the last
rcpular session of that body. Some ap
propriation would havo been made.
The officers of the Water and Forest
Association will not concede that there
Is a chance that they will fail to get the
money in time that is needed to help the
Government surveys, but they say that
the Governor has been the only man In the
State to give the work a black eye. There
has not been a project in late years that
has been so generally indorsed as the
flood-saving movement.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
INTERESTING DEVELOPMENTS IN STATE POLITICAL AFFAIRS.
BURNS COLUMN BROKEN BY THE PEOPLE
Senator Burnett of the San Francisco Dele
gation Joins the Reform Forces.
M. R. HIGGINS WILL LEAD THE MEXICAN'S FORLORN HOPE
A6semblyman Cosper Serves Notice on Herrin That His Tulare Constitu
ents Cannot Longer Stand the Bailroad Programme.
Conference of leading Republicans.
THE Senatorial contest was enliv
ened yesterday by the arrival of
many members of the Legislature
and the open declaration of sev
eral legislators, who had been
claimed for Burns, that they
would never vote for the Mexican. The
resolute and fearless Republicans who
saved the commonwealth from shame at
the regular session last winter are confi
dent that they will win a great victory at
the extra session by electing a man to
the United States Senate who will reflect
honor on the State,
The forces of the Mexican are wavering.
Indications are that Burns cannot line
up more than twenty-seven votes. It is
asserted that Assemblyman Cosper served
notice on the Southern Pacific yesterday
that he could no longer support Burns,
as such support was contrary to the ex
pressed wishes of his constituents.
Cosper asked if the corporation had a
second choice.
Herrin replied : "I have no second choice.
It is Burns or nobody."
Cosper then asked: "Would not a vote
for Van R. Paterson be acceptable?"
Herrin responded: "No friend of mine
will vote for Paterson with my concent."
There is nothing in the wild talk of the
touts that everything was fixed for Burns
before Herrin directed Gage to call th-j
extra session. The long and short of it is
this: Burns is willing to take the gam
bler's last desperate chance. He knows
that he cannot go before the people of the
State as a candidate for the United
States Senat9 and win one Assembly dis
trict. There is only one chance lett for
him. and he takes it. He takes that or
nothing. That last chance is the extra
session of the present Legislature — the
Legislature which was chosen before the
people knew that he was a candidate for
Senatorial honors.
M. R. Higgins, formerly private secre
tary of ex-Governor H. H. Markham, and
subsequently Insurance Commissioner •of
California by grace of Markham and the
Republican party, knows that Burns as
an open candidate for the Senate could not
carry a district in the State. But Higgins,
who is one of the smoothest products
of a region celebrated for the production
of extremely smooth articles, has been
directed by Herrin to go to Sacramento
and manage the contest for Mexican Dan.
He goes presumably with the consent of
the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany, a corporation in which he holds a
high and lucrative position. Perhaps the
Southern Pacific is in possession of secret
insurance influence through which it may
order the directors of the Pacific Mutual
to scorn the memory of Columbus Water
house and send Higgins out to electioneer
for Dan Burns.
Senator Cutter arrived in the city last
evening and at the Grand Hotel met As
semblymen Raub and Greenwell. When
it was reported to the Senator that the
Burns touts all along the line from Her
rin to Higgins were claiming Cutter as a
new recruit the Senator said:
"I have declared one hundred times that
I would never vote for D. M. Burns in
caucus and now for the one hundred and
first time I repeat the declaration."
Mr. Cutter will introduce a resolution
providing for adjournment on February
10. He holds that all the. business can
be transacted by the time specified and
MONTEREY REPUBLICANS
WANT BURNS DEFEATED
(
SALINAS. Jan. 27.— The matter of the election of Dan Burns as Senator
is being freely discussed in this community. The universal opinion is that
such election would injure the Republican party materially in this section. At
a meeting of the Republican Central Committee of Monterey County this even
ing the following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the election of D. M. Burns as United States Senator will
prove disastrous to the welfare of the Republican party .of this State, and
our representative in the Legislature is respectfully but urgently requested to
spare no efforts toward accomplishing his defeat.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be telegraphed to Senator Flint.
CUTTER TO INTRODUCE AN
IMPORTANT RESOLUTION
NO EXCITEMENT YET
AT THE STATE CAPITAL
Senator Cutter of Yuba will introduce
the following resolution as soon as the
Senate is organized:
Resolved, That the following statutory
officers of the Senate, elected at the
thirty-third regular session of the Legis
lature, to wit. the assistant sergeant-at
arms for the Finance Committee, the as
sistant sergcant-at-arms for the Judiciary
Committee, the assistant . sergeant-at
arms to be assigned by the sergeant-at
arms to any committee needing his ser
vices; the assistant Journal clerk, the as
sistant engrossing and enrolling clerks,
the file clerks, the bill filers, the assist
ant postmaster, the mail carriers, the
messengers to State Printer, the history
clerk, the assistant history clerk, the bill
clerk, the assistant bill clerks, the ste
nographers and the press mailing clerks,
be and they are hereby respectively re
moved from office and the said offices de
clared vacant fw this special session.
Resolved. That the officers and em
ployes of the Senate other than statu
tory, elected or appointed at the thirty
third regular session, be and they are
hereby respectively removed from office
and the said offices declared vacant for
this special session.
Resolved. That the statutory officers of
the Senate, elected at the thirty-third
regular session, other, than those named
in the first of these resolutions, be and
they are hereby respeccively declared the
?ua*lified and acting officers of the Senate
or this special session.
Resolved, That the Senate is ready to
proceed to the transaction of business,
and the Secretary is hereby directed to
notify the Assembly thereof. ¦
JURORS WILL GO
TO SACRAMENTO
Although the Governor named .sixteen
reasons and had one for calling the Legis
lature in extra session, the so-called crim
inal jurors of the Superior Court of this
city and county will furnish another rea
son if the Governor wants one. These jur
ors purpose making an effort to change
the law relating to the manner in which
jurors In criminal cases shall be paid,
and will take advantage of the extra sea-
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 27.— While there
has been something of a demonstration
of activity aiong the cocktail routes there
has been little else to show to-night
that the Legislature is to open in extraor
dinary session next Monday afternoon. As
if by common consent the better element
appears to have decided to remain away
until necessity required its presence. Up
to 8 o'clock to-night the choicest exhibit
San Francisco had to show on the hotel
registers was Jake Steppacher, the swish
and swing of whose signature seemed to
suggest his consciousness that he was the
whole thing. The later trains brought up
many additions to the assembling clans,
but there will be nothing here even re
sembling excitement until to-morrow
night or Monday morning.
The sentiments expressed In the Inter
views published In The Call to-day from
all sections of the State find a responsive
chord here, although with many Sacra
mentans it is not deemed good policy to
denounce in a public manner anything
which brings money to their purse.
Naturally the presence of the law-mak
ers and their retinue of politicians helps
the hotels, the. restaurants and saloon
men and puts some fresh money into cir
culation, and to this extent is a benefit.
But there are those who take views which
are not fashioned by the Interests of the
shopkeeper and these citizens are vehe
ment in their denunciation of the extra
session and the attempt to thrust into
the United States Senate a man whom the
entire State repudiates. It is true that
Burns has his friends here, but they are
for the most part men holding down good
political jobs and possessing a lively sense
of appreciation for favors to come. . It is
hard to find a reputable Sacramentan
with interests at stake who will attempt
to justify the action of Governor Gage in
calling the extra session or who has any
thing but abhorrence at the idea of send
ing to Washington a man whose presence
in the Senatorial seat will be a lasting
libel upon the State. •
The entire absence of anything like en
thusiasm about the hotels or anything
like activity at the Capitol itself betokens
the perfunctory manner in" which the ex
tra session is accepted. It is looked upon
merely as another development of the
plot to saddle Burns upon the people. No
body here— the seat of State government
takes seriously the fifteen supplementary
reasons assigned by Gage for the calling
of the session, and the enactments pro
posed in the proclamation when they are
referred to at all are laughed at as a
clumsy subterfuge to permit Burns to
make a final desperate attempt to seize
the. honors that he could not get at the
regular session.
estimates that the cost of the extra Bes
sion will not exceed $25,000. He is in favor
of balloting for Senator at the beginning
of the session.
Senator Davis will support the Cutter
resolution for adjournment If the date be
fixed for February 14- This will give,
said Mr. Davis, one week for balloting
on the Senatorship. If. a Senator cannot
be elected in a week no election can be
secured.
Assemblyman Cargill of Hollister is
confident that the Senatorshlp, if settled
at all in extra session, can be settled in
one week's balloting. He holds that the
Legislature must organize anew and that
the first ballot for Senator should be
taken Tuesday, February 6. Dr. Cargill
has been claimed for Burns, but he is
true to the people.
An Important conference of Senators
and Assemblymen who are not controlled
by Herrin and Burns took • place at the
Lick House yesterday afternoon. The
conference .was called to discuss the ques
tion whether the Legislature shoula or
ganize anew for the extra session. The
members attending were: Senators Flint,
Davis, Smith, Gillette, Taylor, Maggard,
Stratton; Assemblymen Brown of San
Mateo, Knowiand, Radcliff, ; McDon
ald of Tuolumne, Merritt, Bliss and Dun
lap. The sentiment was almost unanimous
on the point that the Legislature should
reorganize. A committee of lawyers, con
sisting of Senators Stratton, Taylor, Gil
lette and Assemblymen Brown and Dun
lap, was appointed to look into the law
and precedents and present a report to a
session of a larger conference of legis
lators to be held at Sacramento. Senator
Flint, president pro tern. of the Senate,
was chosen chairman of the conference at
the Lick House. The Senatorial contest
was not discussed at the meeting.
Judge Dibble paw Herrin several times
yesterday, and acquired such fondness for
the society of Democrats that he closed
up his political work for the day by a long
interview with Sam Rainey at the Palace
Hotel last evening. The point is advanced
by Dibble that the session now about to
convene Is- an extraordinary session of
the Thirty-third Legislature, and that or
ganization already exists. He holds that
a constitutional amendment adopted by
the people since Governor Budd appointed
William T. Jeter Lieutenant Governor
makes the Speaker of the Assembly a
perpetual officer and provides that the
Speaker may become Governor in the line
of succession. Dibble says he does not
care when the balloting for Senator be
gins, but he is sure that a Senator elected
on the first day would be seated in the
United States Senate. He contends that
members may secure pay for an extraor
dinary session.
Many of the touts were rounded up by
Herrin yesterday. Hervey Lindley se
cured his instructions and will probably
go to Sacramento. If the programme is
not changed Burns, Lindley and Hlggins
will go to Sacramento this evening. Gage
was lurking around the Palace and Grand
.yesterday. There was a rumor that he
went to the capital on a late train, cross
ing the bridge which connects the Palace
and Grand.
Among the members of the Legislature
who were in town yesterday were: Sena
tors Flint. Davis, Maggard. Smith, Strat
ton. Gillette. Taylor and Cutter and As
semblymen Raw, Greenwell, Raub. Rad
cliff, McDonald of Tuolumne. Brown of
San Mateo, Dunlap, Bliss. Millce. Cargill,
Knowiand, La Barree, Merritt and Cos
per.
special rcuid trip tickets to
PASOROBLESsSTp« ur
> PRING -i.
Mest toted Mineral Spring* m United SUtH.
M^nrtlous cures of Rheumatism. Blood. Liver
Kidney. Stomach and other disorder* Aaoly
FRANK W. ELY. Clt, A 8 ent. »S) Ma'ket S£
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Six pcllciK of *»77" every fhlriy
minutes will "break .up" a fresh Cold
or a "touch" of the Grip In twenty-
four hours.
l»ilx pellet** of "77" every hour
will "break up" a hard, stubborn Cold
that "hangs on" and "knock out* the
Grip with all its pains and soreness in
the head, chest and back. Catarrh and
Sore Throat.
110-w?-By restoring the checked cir-
culation (indicated by a chill or
shiver), starting the blood couTslng
through the veins and so "break up"
the Cold.
Ask your druggist or send for Dr.
Humphreys' Manual, free — tells about
the care and treatment of the sick in
all ailments.
- Humphreys' Hcmeopathlc Medicine Co.. cor-
net William and John sts.. Kew York.
DB.HALI/S BEINYIGOIUTORi^gIg,
Five hundred reward for any rVfcsT?**^
case we cannot cure. This secret f^* '¦¦ftj
remedy stops all losses In 24 [\ - Wi
hours, cures Kmissicna,. Irrpo- <$££% §5v
tency. Varicocele, Gonorrh-jea. fyfla KiiTi
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost bkW *>s' }
Mcnhond an.l all waatlns efT-cts >*<p tfjffli
of self-abuse or excesses. Sent '
sealed. %2 bottle: 3 bottles. |9] guaranteed t->
cure. any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. S-.3 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 10734 Market St.. S. F. All prtvata
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
~l
(HE* CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH • -,Vv»
Pennyroyal pills
V) *?» *a 9 l»«"»C*r»»a S ¦b.tltation. and Imlta?
I / fZ/ ""*"• Bn 7 of jonr Druggut. or •*n*\ 4*. ia
tsaaoon tMi paptr. Madlxm N««are. Pllll^k.. k£l
•*¦ VZtS??^^* l *- 7! Vls f* ** * non-poi.*crnn*
its*-*? '» 1 «« 5 d»T»- I *g& "hirej. onnaturai .Jii,
gf*J Ocifanwcl |j) charge, or aa7 in2o-nra».
R+K ao * *° nnctvr. tion. irritation or uker^
]*~ J ?r»TSQts eoa'Ag-.aa. tion ••? mucons n pa.
ga?y^ E?AN3 CHSV^ ' ¦ Co, branes. Nca-<Mtriaev::£.
?JSl[&c:nc;i«,'iti.u JJ3TGJ »J Drnsytit.v
C. ". a. " r '"nt la oiaia wrir*r.
Weak Men and Women
SHOCLD USE DAM lAN A BITTERS THE
irreat Mexican remedy; elves health and
slrenjrth to sexual organ-. TVpot. 3-*3 !Urk>»t
Every one has undoubtedly wished at time* they could Und A TREE "WHICH BORR
GOLD DOLLARS- this Is Just what you have here, three of these trees. Now the question
Is how many gold dollars on the trees, and on the ground under the trees ? Kach coin pic-
tured represents only $1 00; but there are some stones under the trees, so look 3harp and
count all the dollars, but no stones, which are lrreprular in shape. To the person correctly
counting the gold dollars as above we will clve $250 00 In Cash, on one condition, which will
require only a few hours'' spare time, for which you will be rewarded.
WE DO NOT WANT A CENT OF YOUR MONEY. We want your iroo.i will and pat-
' ronase. Simply mail us the result of your count without a cent of money. This Is a
Golden Contest. This (Treat offer Is made to Introduce our handsome Magazine. If Ther*
should be more than one successful contestant who complies with the condition*, the $2:0 00
will be di%-ided; the sum Is a large one; can you win it? We will promptly advise you of
the result of your count and send you a lull explanation of contingent conditions regarding
the awarding of the prize money. If requested we will also send you a copy of our maga-
zine Could we be more fair? Try to succeed. We alncer-ly hope you will, because tha
money will be pl\'en to somebody. If you will send us 10 cents with your r*p!y we will send
you a copy of the 50-cent edition of Adelbert Clark's new Poems. 'Echoes From Pharaoh's
Land " containing 59 beautiful poems adapted for recitations, etc.. handsomely illustrated.
However it Is not necessary to send the 10 cents for the poems, in cnler to compete for the
prize This cfter Is most liberal and Is made by a responsible House. Address Z. MACDON-
ALD (Cashier). P. O. box 2431. New York. ____^__^^^^^_____^______^_
SENATOR FRANK BURNETT.
SENATOR BURNETT
DESERTS BURNS
D. M. Burns' stronghold last
winter was the almost solid front
of the San Francisco delegation.
The forces of good government
and reform have broken the rail
road column and the confusion In
the camp of the Mexican ia a.
premonition of disaster to Dan all
along the line. The people through
out the State will hail with joy the
glad tidings that Senator F. W.
Burnett, grandson of the Illustri
ous Peter H. Burnett, first Gov
ernor of California, has renounced
his allegiance to Burns and Her
rln. The following statement was
made by Senator Burnett last
night:
"As I supported Daniel M.
Burns in his candidacy for United
States Senator at the beginning of
the recent contest, I believed It to
to be my duty to support him
throughout that contest," said
Senator Burnett, " but now I be
lieve my obligation to him ha 3
ceased and I shall not support him ',
during the coming fight. It is my •
opinion that It is for the best in- •
terests of the Republican party to "
elect a Senator to fill the now va- "
cant seat In the Congress of the
United States, and I am as fully "
satisfied that It is not for the best '
Interests of the Republican party
to elect Daniel M. Burns to that "
office. In obedience to the will of "
my constituents, who, almost to a ;
man, are opposed to Mr. Burns, •
and In view of the opinion hereto- ¦
fore expressed by mo, I find it im- •
possible to longer support him.
"The- duty of a' public officer is to
his constituents. Although Mr.
Burns, who I will say Is a friend
of mine even now, doubtless ex- ]
pects my support during the com
ing contest for the vacant seat In •
the United States Senate, he total
ly ignored me and at no time con
sulted with me, nor was I con
sulted.with by any one during the
preparation of the slate. If you
may call It such, for the extra
session. It is not this that has
made me desert his cause, how
ever, but It is my opinion that
there are better men In the party
for the office, and my views are ac
centuated by the almost unani
mous opinion of my constituents,
whose wishes will not be ignored
by me. I am pledged to no man
and will go to Sacramento free and
unhampered; but believing that
there are better men in the party
than Daniel M. Burns I will give
my support in accordance with my
views on this matter."
sion to amend the governing sections of
the statutes.
A few months ago the demands of the
jurors, amounting to thousands of dol
iars, were repudiated by the Board-of Su
pervisors. Suit was brought to compel
the auditing of the demands, but the Su
premo Court held that the law was in
definite, and as it did not make the pay
ment of the fees to jurors mandatory the
jurors could not legally collect their de
mands.
A demand for a rehearing of the case
before, the court in bank was under way
when the extra session was called, and
the 800 jurors holding fee warrants decid
ed that it would be easier to change the
law than the minds .of the Supreme Court
Justices, and the former plan was aban
doned. In addition to changing the law
the Jurors will endeavor by statutory en
actment to get hold of the money in the
treasury against which they hold claims.
Attorney , Louis P. Boardman, counsel
for the jurors, will frame the bills, which
will be placed in the hands of the local
Senators and Assemblymen for presenta
tion to both houses of the Legislature.
HOWARD WRIGHT
WANTS TO VOTE
AT SACRAMENTO
Declares He Will Go
on a Stretcher. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Jan. 27.
Assemblyman Howard E. Wright says
that he is going to Sacramento and cast
his vote for Senator at the extra session
of the Legislature. He is determined to
go even it he taj to go on a coc.
The injuries of the Assemblyman have
proved very much less tnan was at first
expected. .Not only was there no injury
to the spine but his hip was only dislo
cated and not broken. He was in such,
good condition to-day that he was re
moved to the Fabiola Hospital, where h©
will be given medical attendance. When
it was told him that he was to be taken
to the Fabiola Hospital he declared that
he would be taken to Sacramento in timo
to cast his vote on the Senatorial ques
tion.
The condition of Howard "Wright Is on»
of the most interesting points in the Sen
atorial situation. Wright flopped from
Grant to Burns durmg the last session
and stood for Burns In the face of th©
most determined attack. He is beingr
counted as a Burns man still, and If the
Mexican gets in a pinch the vote of How
ard E. Wright may become a very impor
tant factor in determining the future of
the State and the party. For this reason
the condition of Wright has become of
State interest.
Dr. R. T. Stratton. who Is attendir.gr
Wright, says that it will be impossible to
move him to Sacramento for some con
siderable period of time. He saya that
Mr. Wright sustained injuries to the liga
ments and tendons of the back and thigh,
that will necessitate the utmost quiet for
several weeks.
But Wright does not agree with his phy
sician. He declared to several friends
who called to see him to-day that he was
going to Sacramento If he went on a cot
and was carried into the joint session f>
vote.
It is quite certain that this method will
be pursued if it becomes necessary to use
Wright's vote, and the enly question now
Involved is whether the necessity will
arise.
Mr. Wright sustained a slight concus
sion of the brain from the collision with
the car. He says that he does not remem
ber being struck, but that his mind is now
perfectly clear.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Kea::: y and Washington sts.-re-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms. SOo to |i CO day;
15 to ii week; » to $20 month. Fr«e bath*; not
and cold water «v«ry room: nrt grates la every
room; elevator runa all night.
lIIiXEHAW. BCCKLEY& CO.. Purr.jw.Steani and
Ofcscline Er.gir.'t, Uoliers. 2$ and M Fremont.
WINTER RESORT.
320 MARKET bT.Sf
$100.00 Reward
will be gladly paid to anyone who will furnish convicting evi-
dence against imitators and substitutors who try to sell you
worthless preparations when CASCARETS are called for.
Don't ever take substitutes, but insist on having
CANDY CATHARTIC
TRADE MARK REQISTERED^jj^^
The great merit of CASCARETS makes big sales everywhere.
Therefore, now and then, dealers try to substitute "something
just as good." It's a lie ! Don't let them do it, and if they try,
write us confidentially", at once. Address Sterling Remedy
Company, Chicago or New York. All Druggists, 10c, 25c, 50c.
Beware of Imitations ! m
/vis:- OR. JORDAN'S great $
mUim OF ANATQHY<
A Qjj icaiai£n?ff.iit.fci*7ia,sj.ca.| i
\ fcT 1^ The L»rsr«i Anatomical Mmena ia the
a J -^Z* - World. H riinr-sn or any contracted i i
* JV-^ 1 I-JSJ dii»a~r p*-«l«i»»ly t~mr~t*d t>y tht oldrvt '
It jjZS ?3 1 i>pe«i->»« < ux.hc Ccan. fc*t, j6 yean- 9
i QJ3SI CR. JCRSAH-PRJVATE OISEASES <*
1 ?<&!K'BH Coagulation ir»-e and stri'-tly pn»«t«! \
ff t X?<Xn T " II " r: ' peraonally <-.r ty letter. A. A
\R / ill! P**tnt CWre in every oa»e undertaken. \
mW-n 'lip Wrnelor Book. mil. O*OPfaY«r iA
7" Ij jl^l MlllßMbi:, MAILED Ffcfiß. (a»
i j j le valuable bock for uenj \
7 118 :«UnA.X4(0. 1051 Market St.. 6. F. 9
¥17' I
vl 6SK
There ia nathlne like ELECTRICITY to put
life, vim and vlcor Into weak men or wcmen.
Drugs give but temporary relW; act merely a»
a stimulant, but Electricity flies to all weak
parts of the body. Imoarting nature's force
thereto and doing the required work aurelv and
In a permanent manner. If "run down" in
health and strength you had better try Elec-
tricity. Use an Electric Belt, for that Is th»
bert method of applying it: but be sure you tret
a (rood cne while you are about It: In short, try
'"Dr. Plerce's," for It I* iruaranteed to b« the
be«t Elwtrlc Belt on earth. .
ZTT' 'Booklet NV>. T' fr*e at offlc* or sent by
mall for h 2c rtamn. tell* all nbout It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
CM Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
13 Tribune Bulldlns. NEW YORK.
CAPE NOME MACHINERY
AND SUPPLIES.
ENGINES. BOILEKS. ETC.
CAKEK & HAMILTON. J3nr!ne« «n4 Boilers;
10-aert prices on the eoa*t. Pine & I>»vU ist*.
20I INTERNAL |
I IMPROVEMENT -|
c •
• ON •
s I
I Grape=Nuts !
s * A
GBAPE-NUTS.
Let me lead you to the source of health. Come with ma wher
strength and vigor can be found — the Fountain of Youth where men
are made strong.
Without the Use of Drugs
I cure weaknesses which result from youthful errors or later excesses.
1 am the inventor of a home self-treatment, the
Dr. Sanden Electric Belt,
now known, and used throughout the world. It pours a great sooth-
ing current through the weakened parts. Worn at night,
It Cures While You Sleep,
Over 8,000 -gave willing testimony during 1899. One important
feature of the Dr. Sanden Electric Bslt is the new
Electric Suspensory Attachment,
which applies current directly to prostate gland, bladder, sper-
matic cord, and all surrounding parts.
England contains 2,000,000 more women
than men.
Customer (who has ordered fish and
been given some leathery substance)—
"What is this, waiter?
Walter— A sole, sir.
Customer— l thought so. Whose boot did
it come off?
Hebbard Appeals to Supervisors.
Judge Hebbard sent a communication to
the Board of Supervisors yesterday in
which he aßks for relief from existing
evils, with the threat that if his appeal
Is not heeded he will peremptorily call the
Sheriff to his rescue. The Judge stales
that "for three long years he has pleaded
In vain for the Introduction in his cham
bers of warmth-giving devices." He says
also that the ventilation of his rooms Is
so vile that his health is being undor
mlned by poisonous gases.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
Charles L. Tllden of the Overland
Freight Transfer Company Is the presl- !
dent of the new organization, and (
George Renner of the Stetson-Renner '
Draylng Company is the vice presi- *
dent. They propose to see that every '
provision of the draymen's agreement .
is carried out. to the letter, and that '
the men engaged In the business will <
become nabobs instead of working-men.
EVILS OF CIGARETTES.
Members of the I/eague of the Cross
to Participate in an Essay Contest.
The annual essay contest of the First
District. League of the Cross, comprising
St. Paul's, St. Peter's, St. James' and St.
John's branches, will be held this after
noon at 2 o'clock at St. Paul's Hall, Twen
ty-ninth and Church streets. Companies
E, I, X and O of the cadets will attend
in uniform.
The subject for the competition,' VThe
Moral and Physical Effect of Cigarette
Smoking on the Youth of America," Is
of peculiar interest and offers a fine field
to the contestants, which they have Im
proved upon. Miss Julia Coffey. Brother
George and Richard O'Connor will be the
Judges. Superior Judge Frank J. Muras
ky will deliver the address. Parents and
friends of the members are requested to
attend.
THE draymen of the city have or
ganized for self-protection and
for the further purpose of ere
. atlng a friendly spirit among the
men engaged In their business. The
society Is one of recent formation and
Is known as the Draymen's Association
of San Francisco. The fixing of rates
of transportation for boxes and bun
dles and such truck has no part In the
organization. For years brotherly love
had not been a prominent character
istic of the draymen. Aside from this
they had other troubles. There was
the proud porter of the mercantile
houses who ordered the draymon
around like hired men. The new com
bination goes bo far that it is Insisted
upon that every driver of a truck Is to
ST. MARYS PARK
SCHEME MAY BE
A FLAT FAILURE
Charter May Operate
Against It.
?
ITS FRIENDS APPREHENSIVE
— ~»
CONDEMNATION PROCEEDINGS
MAY TAKE TOO LONG.
Borne trouble Is anticipated In the ap
proaching condemnation proceedings of
the property to be acquired for SL Marys
square, and grave fears are entertained
by the promoters of the project that cer
tain provisions in the charter may operate
against its consummation.
City Attorney Lane was granted author
ity last Friday by the Supervisors' Ju
diciary Committee to advertise the sum
mons for non-residents, and he expresses
his determination to begin active proceed
ings at once in order that the $75,000 ap
propriated for the purpose .may be utilized
before the expiration of the present fiscal
year. Should the money not be expended
before June 30, 1900, the appropriation
would be diverted to other uses and It
wouid be necessary to make a new appro
priation. In fact, this procedure has been
suggested as a way out of the linancial
difficulties in which the city has been in
volved for some time past.
Some doubt Is expressed as to whether
the condemnation proceedings can be end
ed In time fcr the purchase of the land
before the date mentioned. The courts
are proverbially slow, but Mr. Lane prom
ises to make every effort to get the judg
ments against the property owners so that
the success of the scheme may not be
Jeopardized. But Mr. Lane himself admits
that the proceedings will meet with nu
merous technical objections on the part
of opponents of the proposed improve
ment, and that the charter itself may be
Invoked to nullify the acts which have
made the Improvement a possibility.
Section 21 of the charter provides that,
"Except as otherwise provided in the con
stitution of the State or as otherwise pro
vided in this charter, every ordinance in
volving the granting by the city and coun
ty of any franchise for the supply of light
or water, or for the lease or sale of any
public utility," or "for the purchase of
land of more than $50,000 in value," raußt
be submitted to the vote of the electors of
the city and county at the election next
ensuing after the adoption of such or
dinance.
The City Attorney Is of the opinion that
as the word '"condemnation" Is not' used
in the section referring to the acquisition
of St. Marys Park is not affected by the
language of the charter. The constitution
provides that land may be acquired by
"purchase".- -or "condemnation," and the
latter means will be used in the park
project. City Attorney Lane will not ad
mit that the fact that the land must be
purchased after condemnation would bring
the matter under the terms of the char
ter. The fact, however, that there 1b a
legal doubt may, according to the expre9?
provisions of the charter fixing the limit
of expenditure in such cases at $50,0^0,
necessitate a vote of the people on the
question.
.An opinion recently filed by the City
Attorney may also be utilized by those
opposed to the St. Marys square project.
In this opinion Mr. Lane holds that "the
decision favored the position that the old
government of the city and county died
at noon on January 8, 1900, and that a new
government at that time came into exist
ence, therefore the incomplete acts of the
old Board. of ' Supervisors, so far as such
acts were based upon the authority grant
ed by the consolidation act, would not
survive and hold over under the newgov
crnment." . • -'•' >
In this connection It Is held that while
the old board had completed its proceed
ings in passing the -resolutions covering
the proposed condemnation and the appro
priation of $75,000, the act Is Incomplete
because the money has not been exper.d
ed and the condemnation proceedings were
not finished during its official life. Mr.
Lane, however, denies that his opinion
just quoted In any way affects the St.
Marys Park proposition. . He claims that
the act of the board was completed when
the appropriation was voted for the pur
pose. The only danger that he can see
is that unlesa the mortey is expended be
fore the end of the present fiscal year it
may be diverted to other funds. To avoid
that possibility he will endeavor to per
cuade the courts to act with great haste,
and believes that. he will be able to ac
quire the park before the beginning of the
next fiscal year.
be treated with the greatest respect by
the men who" were hitherto czars
among the shippers.
No attention Is to be paid In future
to the gripman or motorman who un
feelingly and persistently sounds the
gong for the drayman to slide out cf
the way of approaching cars. Drivers
of drays claim that they have been
mortified long enough by this treat
ment," and one of the hopes of the new
organization is to regulate this great
wrong.
Freight handlers will be required, un
der the new order of things, to do all
of the work, while the members of the
association will occupy front seats on
the trucks, smoke good cigars and
drive the horses.
BOTH MAY BE INSANE.
Two Police Court Defendants Sent Up
for Examination.
Barclay Kenny, a grocery clerk, who
threw a brick through the window of the
Bulletin business office on Kearny street
Friday night and was arrested on a
charge of malicious mischief, appeared
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday and told
a rambling Btory of having been In the
Bulletin office Thursday when three men
tried to kill him. Friday night he was
walking along Kearny street and stopped
In front of the office and -lost conscious
ness of what happened after that. He had
no recollection of throwing a brick
through the window, which was valued at
$150.
The Judge thought he was a fit subject
for examination by the Insanity Com
missioners and so ordered, continuing the
case till Tuesday.
George Neustadt, the dishonorably dis
charged marine, who was arrested for
personating an officer, was up before
Judge Conlan yesterday. After hearing
the testimony of Addle Reltz, the girl
who was nearly frightened Into commit
ting suicide by Neustadt's actions, the
court, on the suggestion of the defend
ant's attorney, ordered that Neustadt be
examined by the Insanity Commissioners
and the case was continued till Wednes
day.
THEORIES ABOUT FOOD.
Also a Pew Facts on the Same Subject.
We hear much nowadays about health
foods and hygienic living, about Tegetari-
anism and many other fads along the
same line. T '¦•
Restaurants may be found tn the larger
cities where no meat, pastry or coffee is
served and the food crank Is in his glory,
and arguments and theories galore ad-
vanced to prove that meat waa never In-
tended for human stomachs, and almost
make us believe that our sturdy ancestors
who lived four score years in robust
health on roast beef, pork and mutton
must have been grossly Ignorant of tha
laws of health.
Our forefathers had other things to do
than formulate theories about the food
they ate. A warm welcome was extended
to any kind from bacon to acorns.
A healthy appetite asd common sens»
are excellent guides to follow in matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats Is undoubtedly the best.
As compared with grains and vegetable*,
meat furnishes the most nutriment in a
highly concentrated form and is digested
and assimilated more quickly than vege-
tables and grains.
Dr. Julius Remmson on this subject says:
"Nervous persons, people run down In
health and of low vitality should eat meat
and plenty of It. If the digestion is too
feeble at first it may be easily corrected
by the regular use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after each meal. Two of these ex-
cellent tablets taken after dinner will di-
gest several thousand grains of meat, eggs
or other animal food In three hours, and
no matter how weak the stomach may be,
no trouble will be experienced If a regu-
lar practice Is made of using Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets because they supply the
pepsin and diastase necessary to perfect
digestion, and every form of indigestion
will be overcome by their use.
That large class of people who come
under the head of nervous dyspeptic*
should eat plenty of meat and Insure its
proper dl&estlon by the daily use of a safe,
harmless digestive medicine like Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets composed of the nat-
ural digestive principles, pepsin, diastase,
fruit acids and salts, which actually per-
form the work of digestion. Cheap ca-
thartic medicines masquerading under
the name of dyspepsia cure* are useless
for Indigestion as they have absolutely
no effect upon tha actual digestion of food.
Dyspepsia In all Its many forms Is sim-
ply a failure of the stomach to digest food
and the sensible way to solve the riddle
and cure the dyspepsia Is to make dally
use at meal time of a preparation Ilk*
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which Is In-
dorsed by the medical profession and
known to contain active digestive princi-
ples.
All drueyists sell Stuart's DyipepsU
Tablets at 30c for full treatment.
A little booklet on cause and eon of
stomach troubla mailed free by address-
ing F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
WANTS TO HONOR
THE MEMORY OF
GENERAL LAWTON
?
Proffer of National
Guard.
TRANSPORT IS ABOUT DUE
*
ARRAI^GEMENTS NOT YET MADE
FOR RECEPTION OF BODY.
?
Dickinson Confers "With Shafter.
Bodies of Dead Brought on the
City of Peking Claimed
by Relatives.
Aithouch the transport Thomas, bear
ing the body of the late Brigadier General
Henry W. Lawton, is not due to reach
this port for several days the members
of the National Guard are becoming anx
ious to learn General Shafter's intentions
in regard to the reception of the remains
of the gallant soldier. The National Guard
Is desirous of participating in any cere
monies that may be arranged In honor of
General Lawton's memory, and with that
object in view Major General Dickinson
yesterday held a conference with General
Shafter. Later in the day he addressed a
formal letter to the commanding general
of this department in behalf of the Gov
ernor and the people of the State, offering
to have the guard take part in any
ceremonies thai may be arranged. He
elated that he had available one troop
cz cavalry and forty men of the Signal
Corps, which could appear at any time or
place, mounted, lie would b« pleased to
furnish them as an escort. He stated that
ne also had two or three companies of In
fantry available. Further, the United
fciates steamship Marion, In charge of the
Naval Militia, could be utilized for the
firing of any salute or salutea, on the ar
rival or departure or landing of the body
In conclusion. General Dickinson said that
he hoped to have the opportunity, togeth
er with the National Guard, to show this
measure «f respect for a hero whom he
had personally known.
Following this orders were Issued to the
Signal Corps of the Second Brigade, also
Troop A of the cavalry and the officers
t-f the Marlon, to be in readiness to per
form the offices Indicated.
From the arrival until the departure of
the body flags will be at half-mast at
every National Guard post in California.
General Shafter has as yet made no
definite arrangements for the reception of
the body and probably will not do so until
he hears from Washington. Whether or
rot there will be any public ceremonies
will depend largely on the wishes of Mrs.
Lawtcn, who is accompanying the re
mains home. The remains will be finally
interred in Arlington Cemetery, in Wash
ington, orders to that effect having Just
been issued by the War Department as
follows:
The rcrr.a.!n« of the late Major General Henry
TV. Le.wi.ozi, who waa killed la action before
Kan Mateo, Luzon. P. 1., December 19, 1593,
will be interred with fitting ceremonies at Ar
lington National Cemetery the day alter they
reach Washington. Previou» to Interment
troops to coir;j>ose the funeral escort, which
•rIU consist of one reciment ot infantry, one
rctrlment of foot artillery, one squadron of
cavalry and two mounted batteries, will be as
sembled in Wasblinrton to escort the remain*
to the cemetery. Major General Wesley Mer
r:U, commanding the Department of the East,
is cbarxred with the execution of this order
end will pive the necessary instructions for the
timely assembling of the troops aad their com
fort while in Washington. Major General M»r
ritt Is designated to command the escort. The
adjutant g-eneraJ of the army will render Gen
eral Merrltt such assistance as lie may jlesire.
In arranging., ibe^tfitmll* -of tie funeral ser
vices. wjVf,^ ", "<<>:. ¦:-,-¦ - ¦
The remaJns of Major John A. Logan
Jr. and Surgeon Major Armstrong are
also on the Thomas. Major Tucker of
the pay department. . brother-in-law of
Major Lncar.. and the latter's widow are
now In the city and will take the body
to Ohio for burial. The remains of Major
Armstrong wjll also be tent to Ohio for
interment.
The bodies of Corporal L. E. Westphal.
private Company D, First California Vol
unteers, and Thomas Roche, Battery X,
Third Artillery, which were among those
brought over on the City of Peking, have
been claimed by relatives. The former
will be buried in the National Cemetery
at the Presidio and the latter In Cavalry
Cemetery. Six of the bodies were sent
East by the quartermaster's department
yesterday. There are twelve bodies,
among them that of Captain Fortson. be
longing to the First T\ ashington Volun
teers. Members of the firm of Butter
worth & Sons are coming here from
Washington to receive the bodies and take
them home for burial.
The body of Lieutenant James R. Steele.
the son-in-law of D. Geary of this city,
has just arrived in this city. Lieutenant
St*^ele dk-d in Cuba, but his relatives are
h^re, and he will be burled with military
i.onors at the Presidio to-day.
The wife of one of the officers at the
Presidio has circulated a letter in which
F.he makes a plea that a general pubscrip
tion fund for the widows of officers be
raised and rtiFtributed by a board of army
end navy officers. The idea was suggested
by the "Lawton fur.d. Mrs. Lawton will
pot a pum which will make her more than
comfortable for life, while there are many
other officers' widows who have not been
helped at all.
Actir.p Hospital Stewards Cleveland and
Wilson and forty-one privates of the hos
pital corps, U. S. A., arrived from th«
East last nipht. Anjrel Island Is now
overcrowded, so the men will be held at
the casual camp at th* Presidio, awaiting
transportation to Manila.
The following orders were issued yester
<3av: ' ¦
Major Benjamin C. Lockwood of the
Twenty-first Infantry, having reported
et th^se headquarters from sick
ipavf of absence, is assigned to tempor.
ary duty, with station in this city, await
ing transportation to the Philippine Isl
'^Actinr Assistant Burgeon Frank Dv
Knts, U. S. A., assigned to and will re
port' for temporary duty at the United
Btatos general hoepital. Presidio of Ban
Franrisco, awaiting transportation to the
Philippine Islands.
Free Book, "Three Classes oi Men,"
My little descriptive book sent sealed free by mail. I answer letters
personally and diagnose by mail.
Free Consultation and Advice.
To those who live near by' I invite a personal call, and make no
charge for consultation.. Write or call to-day. Office hours, 9to
8; Sundays, 10 to 1. . ' ¦;;;¦ /' ¦ ¦ ..; ?. •¦
I find it necessary to caution my pros-
pective patients against concerns; and in-
dividuals;' who are constantly cropping
up as sellers of Electric Belts. Their
guarantees and wonderful promises have
no foundation. They usually try to es-
tablish; a reputation by selling with their
own inferior goods Dr. Sanden Electric
Belts of my_ earlier expired 'patents, dis-
carded by me years ; ago.. My late im-
proved Dr. Sanden Electric Belt can be
had only at my offices.
WHISTLES FOR HIS MONEY.
Leopold Mlkuletsh told in Judge Caban-
Iss' court yesterday how ho had been in
duced to part with J3 50 to Fred Kleve
last Thursday and for which Kleve waa
arrested on a charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses.
"I met Kleve In a saloon on Clay
street," said Mlkuletsh, "and he told me
he was a rancher in Napa and had a Job
for me. He told me I would have to pay
my own fare— s3 50— and I gave him the
money to buy the ticket. He came back
with a piece of pasteboard on which waa
printed $3 50 and said I was to go to the
ferry and wait till I heard a whistle blow.
Then I was to present the pasteboard at
the gate and It would be all right. I
waited for about four hours and not hear
ing a whistle blow I asked a policeman
and he told me I was a fool and had
been bunkoed."
Kleve denied gettiner any money from
Mlkuletsh, and as Mlkuletsh had de
stroyed the pasteboard and there was
nothing to corroborate his story tha
Judge dismissed the case.
AN OPINION THAT AFFECTS THE
BETXRED LIST.
Changes That Have Taken Place in
the Naval Militia— Two Besig
nations — Several Appoint
ments.
Major General John H. Dickinson, divis
ion commander, will be in Sacramento
this week in attendance upon the extra
session of the State Legislature, going
there in the capacity of State Senator,
and while there he will be in consulta
tion with the officers at superior head
quarters with a view to accelerating the
return of the First Regiment of Infantry
to its proper status in the guard. Tl'e
men who on their return from Manila
were more or less enthusiastic on the sub
ject of being once more members of the
State force have become so much dis
heartened by reason of the dilatory meas
ures to reinstate them in their former po
sition that they do not now seem to care
If the regiment is ever mustered in. They
are of the opinion that fifteen months'
service in a foreign land, and a good por
tion of that time under fire, certainly en
titled them to being admitted into the
guard when they signified a willingness to
do so, but there is so much red tape in
trifling matters that they are beginning
to feel as If their services do not count
for anything. They believe that th^y
ought to have been officially recognized
as soon as they complied with the order
to report on the 4t>th of last November,
in view of the fact that M per cent or
more of the men were eligible to be re
ceived into the guard. They, believe that
after being officially recognized the work
of purging the rolls could have been pro
ceeded with in each company, and that
the regiment long before this would have
been what it ought to tie.
The meeting of company commanders
called last week by the ranking officer of
the First Regiment. Lieutenant Colonel
Duboce, at Second Brigade headquarters
was to confer with Major General Dickin
son and Brigadier General Wartleld wltn
a view to expedite the re-establishment of
the regiment. The situation was discussed
at length and there appeared to be a dis
position on the part of all present to in
duce the men to come into the company
ranks and comply with the requisite ex
aminations. In order that the technical ob
jections of the superior office may be met.
it is now thought that Inside of two
weeks the much looked for order restoring
the First to the guard will be issued.
Lieutenant W. E. Elliott was recently
appointed "assistant paymaster with the
rank of lieutenant"' of the Naval Militia,
vice Douglass White, who is on the Hart
ford on her cruise to represent the Naval
Militia of this Btate. Lieutenant Elliott
who was aid under Captain Turner and
under Captain James, has since he re
ceived that appointment entered into bus
iness engagements that will not enable
him to devote time to the mllltla. conse
quently-rather than perform duties In a
half way he has tendered his resigna-
Dr. Harris; surgeon of the militia, has
also tendered-his resignation, which has
been accepted, • and • Dn' Morrisey, who
ranked below him. has been appointed. to
fill the vacancy. ¦ v - '• ' '
-C R;. Alberger, who wag mate, on the
Marion, has beeen appointed aid on the
naff cf Captain* James.rsvith the- rank of
lieutenant." "^ -'. • .•«"¦- ' "*'•" ' "•'".
D N. McMillan has- been appointed
pharmacist, on the Marion- and Richard
Schnclle boatswain of the battalion..
A great deal has been said of late about
the proposed encampment to .be held at
Santa Cruz this year, and ther© appears
to be a diversity of opinion as- to the ne
cessity of such a thing aa a camp. . The
recent war with Spain has demonstrated
to the thinking officers of the guard of
this State that what the men need more
than what .Captain Carrington of the
United States army, when Inspector of the
guard, once wrote of as "the picnic and
spectacular features of and sham battles
so common In National Guard camps," Is
a scheme for the entire season, outlining
the scope of drill and exercise for each
drill night, so that the scattered com
panies may keep up and each be ready to
take its place on an equal footing in the
regimental line. There are those who are
of the opinion that it would be wise to
have field instructions, frequently near
the armories, which exercises consist in a
peneral way of teaching the men the art
of marching under the trying inconveni
ence of dusty roads and" burning sun, the
takinp: of natural and the making of arti
ficial cover as protection against the en
emy's missiles of destruction: of com
manding officers learning to take proper
precaution? for the security of their com
mands on the march and in camp, select-
Ing proper positions on the field and
teaching the men to care for themselves
in ramp so as to best protect their health
and strength. Rather this than a camp
where for a period of seven days, at a
Rreat expense for transportation, there
would be nothing but a display of gold
lace and dress parade. Those who are not
In favor of camp say: "Teach the men
the practical, so they may be able to take
the field at a moment's notice; provide
for the regiments bo that they may go on
two and three days' trips to learn the
actual duties of the soldier several times
a year, and more good will be accom
plished than by having division, brigade
or regimental camps." And they add: "If
m*»n are under a uniform scheme of in
struction instructed in the -practical at
such time when it Is most convenient for
men to absent themselves from their usual
avocations for two or three days It will
Elve California a National Guard that it
may Justly feel proud of."
Tho Attorney General has rendered the
following rjpinion in" relation to counting
time for officers who have been placed on
the retired list:
In accordance with section 2003 of the Politi
cal Cod* a number of officers of the National
Guani who have not served seven consecutive
years ha\-e been placed on the retired list and
you de«ire to know whether or not the time
th<*se officers of the National Ouard have been
on the retired list can be considered In com
puting the time served for the purpose of ls
pulng a certificate of exemption under section
IS3B of the Politlral Code.
In reply I have to cay under section 1D36.
Political frxio, as amended In 1897, officers who
havo faithfully served for the space of seven
consecutive years may be exempted from fur
ther military serrlce and Jury duty except fn
time of war. Un<^er section 20C3. Political Code,
as amended. In 18S7. that all officers disposed
of by reason of the act approved March 26.'
ISS3. "are hereby piaeed on the retired list with
the rank held by each when Euch act went Into
effect." The retired Met mentioned herein re
fers to section 1973, Political Cod 1 :, as amended
In IOT. Under the provisions of this section,
orncers disabled while In tl'e performance of
their duty and officers who have served faith
fully for a period of eipht years or for a period,
not consecutive, of ten years, may be placed
on the retired list. Under this section also It
Is clear that It was not the Intention of fhe
luw that the officers placed on the retired list
Fhould cease to be members of. the National
Guard, for under subdivision 4 of section 1973
they are subject to detail under orders of the
commander-ln-chlef and may be detailed for
active duty. They likewise keep their rank
If an officer !¦ placed on the retired list In
any of the medes provided by lnw and shall
faithfully perform the service* required of. him
under section 1973. I see no reason why the
period that he has been on th* retired Ili<t
should rot fee Included In the estimate of time
required for exemption undor section IJ3« Po
litical Code. *;. ' .
I am. therefore, of the opinion that It is per
missible-to compute the time that an officer
may be upon the retired list for the purpose -of
tssUinjr a certificate of exemption under sec
tion IS3S of the Political Code.
FIRST REGIMENT
IS DELAYED BY
TECHNICALITIES
Too Much Red Tape
in Mustering In.
?
DICKINSON TO THE RESCUE
A*DVEBTISE2f22NTB.
DRAYMEN OF SAN FRANCISCO HAVE ISSUED
THEIR DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE
TIN CAN CINCH
IS DEVELOPED
SERIOUS SHAPE
Prices for Goods Are
Very High.
?
CANNERS WILL BE SQUEEZED
?
COMBINE REPORTED TO BE ON
THE INSIDE.
Outsiders May Be Compelled to Pay
at Least Three-Quarters of a Mil
lion for Their Goods
This Year.
/ *
Fruit canners who are not In the can
neries combine will be even more severely
cinched in the prices they must pay for
cans than was originally predicted. The
increase In price instead of being $4 per
thousand is $7. The contract price to-day
is $23 and S2S 50 per thousand for two and
one-half pound cans. This will add at
least 8 cents to the cost of each dozen
of fruits or vegetables canned. On every
100,000 cases packed the increase is over
$16,000. A canner's estimate 1b that the in
creased cost to the fruit canners alone in
the State will not be less than $750,000.
At the same time that these facts are
developed the story is given out, on what
would seem to be excellent authority,
that the canneries combine has made a
contract with the three can factories of
the State to take all the cans that they
can make. It is not supposed that they
will all be used by the combined canner
ies. All they do not use will be for cato
to the people outside of the combine, so
goes the story, at stated prices. Tnl3 Is
firmly believed to be the fact by some of
the outsiders, and they allege that there
is an attempt to freeze them out of the
business. It is difficult for them to prove
that this is so, but the case makes up well
enough for their dissatisfaction. One es
timate is made to the effect that the com
bined fruit canners of the State stand to
make not less than $450,000 in the profit on
the cans they will have to sell.
Where the outside canners are to turn
to for cheaper cans is at present a puz
zle. The news originally and exclusively
published in The Call that an option had
been taken on the can factories of the
East by a Chicago concern, under whica
their output is tied up, Is a factor in the
case. Application having been made in
the East for cans, word has been received
that no cans are to be secured for early
delivery. In the meantime the local can
ning situation is about as bad for the out
siders as it possibly could be.
There are many canneries outside *>f the
deal. They are all in the same situation
bo far as the securing of cans is con
cerned. Pressure has recently been
brought to bear upon them to buy cans
early. This they, can do at the advanced
prices herein named. They are reluctant
to act, however, believing that every can
they purchase will swell the profits of
the canneries combine. Again, there is
talk about the agency of the tlnplate trust
in the deal. Mr. McCall, who is still in the
city has not developed any measure of re
lief'as yet. At one time it was reported
that he had a train load of machinery on
the way for the establishment of a can
factory If that is true the machinery
has not arrived, and all stories connected
with his supposed establishment of a plant
are looked at askance pending some more
positive proof of hi 3 intentions. - McCall
was connected with the floating of a can
manufacturing plant in London and is
known to be associated with capitalists.
DR T A SANDEN 6 OTarrell Street,
Ur\, 1. M. J/^l^i-'L-l^, SflN FRANCISCO. CfiL.
119* South Spring £t., Los Angeles, Cal. Russel Building. Portland, Or.
"I do not know exactly what inter-
nal improvement is going on, but some-
thing makes me feel stronger and better
since I have been steadily eating Grape-
Nuts. ¦ •
"They make a most delicious break-
fast, and I would not like to do with-
out this food. Is there any of the com-
pany stock for sale? If- bo, 'at what
price? It should be a gpod investment,
for your products are very popular and
sold everywhere. The food, Grape-
Nuts, is the finest thing in the world
in its line, and wins and holds friends
whenever it is trie 3."
The writer is one of the silver-smiths
on Broadway, X. Y. His name will be
piven on request to Postum Cereal Co..
Ltd.. Battle Creek, Mich., makers of
Grape-Nuts.
(If your Grape-Nuts ever get soft or
punky from being in a damp place, dry
out in a pie pan in the .oven before
serving.)
To the Memory of Lawton.
Orders have been Issued from Second
Brigade headquarters directing that the
Signal Corps and Troop A, cavalry,, be In
readiness to parade mounted should their
services he required for escort duty upon
the arrival of the remains of the late
Major Oeneral Henry G. Lawton,. U. S. V.,
from ' Manila, and. that the flag's on. the
armories be placed at halfmast on the
day of the arrival of the Thomas and
remain so displayed- until the departure
of the funeral, train.
CAUTION.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IRON.
I r WIT SfiV & Cft 90 ° Battery Btrs«t.
J- L« ITILOUiI (I WU-, Telephone Mala ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX Supt. H. BLTTH. Mrr.
C XII CUITR Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
\r n 0.11 l lU. and Ship Work a Specialty. »
and IS 'Washlnrton at. Telephone Main S&U.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I»C PfiVPC t Ci\ Enlppins Batcher*. 1M
JAS- liUl CJIX 111-, day. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
Ju I IIPCT in 14 Knm/ «r.. upttairt L«t«f
. 1% LUIJIAU, ttylM, W«r prtca*. ramocUllng.
PAPER DEALERS.
HTTTI 11MCTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
\t IL LAJI t lit 123 Montgomery at.
PRINTIM3.
E-CBUGHES, msaS^ar.
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
lel S2Sr PAfiTRIDGE " C l£E*
WHITE ASH STEAH COAL. ¥Si E ii^S
DIAMOND COAX. MINING CO.. «t tta GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Eeat Coal la Urn
market. Ofttc* and Yard*— CO Mala atrwt.
21COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
iWbolesa!* Dealer and Shipper of Cokat
PWICE. Sl3 FOLSOM BT.
Lecture on New Zealand.
Isaac Selby delivered a lecture at th«»
Young Men's Christian Association last
night before an appreciative audience on
the subject of "New Zealand— the Social
and Pictorial Paradise of .the . Pacific."
The lecture was illustrated by a num
ber of beautiful stereoptlcon views.
Bisque Ware
Bargains.
It's Worth Your
Coming Just to See.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
Stores Kvcrywhcre.
ioo Stores.
139 Kearny St.
Write for our illustrated catalogue.
DETECTIVES ARE
SEARCHING FOR
AN EX-SOLDIER
Drops Suddenly Out
of Sight
?
NO CLEW IN MORGUE RECORDS
?
HAD LARGE AMOUNT OF MONEY
WHEN LAST SEEN.
A strange disappearance story was re
ported to the Morgue officials by Detective
Dillon last night. It concerns the where
abouts of Sergeant Charles O. Taylor;
formerly of Company D, Seventeenth
United States Infantry, whose home and
family are at present in Columbus, Ohio.
Sergeant Taylor returned from Manila
on the transport Newport on October 10
of last year. He was immediately taken
to the Presidio hospital, where j he re
mained until December 4. On the latter
date he was discharged and had in his
possession about $200. The last time he
was seen In this city was on the same date,
at the corner of Market and O'Farrtll
streets, when he parted company with an
other soldier, Charles Vitberger. On the
same afternoon he wrote a letter to his
wife, and since then nothing has been
heard of him.
Chief of Police Tyler of Columbus com
municated the facts of the case to the
police authorities of this city, and made
a request that every possible effort be
made to locate the man. He stated that
Taylor had been well connected and
known In Columbus, and that his wifo 1b
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tills striking photograph represents the three-year-old son of Mrs. Jess.
Potter of 334 South First Street, Brooklyn, N. V., who says, under date of
Sept. 23, ISU9, regarding his cure of a disfiguring face humor: My baby's
face was covered with ringworms. We could not lay a pin between the
cores on his face and neck, and he was a sight to look at. Two doctors
attended him for three week?, without success, when I heard of Cuticura.
I got a box of Cuticura Soap, and a box of Cuticura Ointment. I only
applied them throe daye, when I could see his face was better, and in four
week*! lie was cured. His face i 3 as clear as a bell, and not a mark on it.
In all the world there la no treatment m pure, to sweet, co economical, so speedily effec
tlTe for distreselng skin and ecalp humors of Infants and children as Ccticcra. A warm
bath with Ccticcha Soap, and a single anointing with Cutjccha Ointment, purest of
emollient Ek.ln enree, followed when necessary by a mild dose of Ccticcra Resolvent,
will afford lnstent relief, permit rert aod sleep to both parent and child, and point to a
gpoedy, permanent, and economical cure when all else falls. Sold throughout the world.
Frtoe, THE 6ET, « 1.25 } or, Cuthjuha soap, 2Sc., CcnccitA Oistmext, 50c., CcnctntA
EE»oi*T3rT Kte Pottek V&vq asd Cbem. Cost., Sola Props., Boston. "How to Car*
Bab? Hrnaora," <r*e.
The number of women studying medi-
cine In London has Increased nearly 50
per cent In three years.
oK a little alley off Eighth street, near
j Market, is the headquarters of an mi
l stitution called by its proprietor the
"Union Mission Army," to which the
public of this State is contributing hun
dreds of dollars in the belief that it is
something which it is not. The so-caned
"army" consists of one man, A. W. Moore,
the "oommander-In-chief." who employs
his time largely in circulating literature
which is intended to create the impres
sion that the "army" is an organization
of many posts and divisions and covering
an ci. ended territory, and that it is dis
pensing a large amount of charity.
According to Moore's statement and the
testimony of others, it dispenses no char
ity whatever, while its "commander-ln
chief 1 admits the possession of a bank ac
count.
The so-called army shelter, as at pres
ent conducted, is an affront to decency;
young women of unquestioned respecta
bility, together with bums and Moore, liv
ing in one barnlike place, whose low par
titions render any attempt at privacy im
possible. The condition of the "army"
headquarters reflects the greatest possible
discredit on its manager.
For several months complaints have
been made by merchants of the importu
nities of Moore, while women once in "the
work" have called at the newspaper of
fices with complaints. The latest expose
of Mocre and his methods comes from
Sacramento, where the "commander-in
chief" has just completed a very success
ful financial tour. "While In the capital
Moore added one more chapter to his du
bious history. He collected money
amounting to over $S5, but when his mis
sion was discovered he was reported to
the police and soon after left town. "While
in that city he was recognized by "W. H.
Creswell, who at once wrote a public let
ter denouncing Moore's methods. Cres
well is an employe in the Southern Pa
cific foundry at Sacramento, and In his
letter he denounces Moore as a rank
fraud. Moore, the letter says, roomed at
Creswell's house in San Francisco, and
while there put on the uniform of the
Volunteer Army and solicited subscrip
tions from citizens.
Creswell asked him if he belonged to
the Volunteers, and the bogus general re
plied: "No; but you see the people are In
sympathy with the Volunteers, and by
wearing their uniform I can have better
success soliciting." Creswell, when he dis
covered Moore's character, barred his
door against him.
Creswell says he learned subsequently
that Moore was arrested in Portland, Or.,
for obtaining money by false pretenses.'
Creswell says he considered it his duty
7
SIX SPECIALS.
Fine SILKOLINE BED COMFORTERS, pure
snowflake filling, full size and handsome Q| en
designs OIiJU
Each.
FRENCH PRINTED SATEEN BED COMFORTERS,
three-ojuarter Bed size, snowflake filling OO en
and closely aullted 01. uu
Each.
WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, full Size and OQ 7C
extra weight 00. fu
Pair.
Extra Qualltu WHITE WOOL BLANKETS (pure On nfi
Australian wool), handsome horders OOiUU
Pair.
COLORED MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, extra M m
size and hemmed, patterns well assorted. . . OZiOU
Each.
WHITE ENGLISH MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, QQ eft
extra fine duality, 15 different designs OuiOU
Each.
This week we will also continue our SPECIAL
SALE OF TOWELS, NAPKINS AND TABLE
CLOTHS,
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
from the male lodgers by a very insuffi
cient partition. The young lady cannot
fail to hear all the conversation of the
six men who are nightly housed, and as
there is but one entrance and no hall
way the ladies can only enter from the
street and pass to their room in full view
of the lodgers, around whose quarters
there is not even a screen. Frequently
there is no one at the "shelter" but Miss
Elsie Hill, and her natural refinement is
not calculated to render her an adjuster
of drunken soldiers' difficulties. Mrs.
Hill is a solicitor for Moore and a very
devout woman, but being in straitened
circumstances was glad to throw in her
lot with Moore. She has only been in
the place two weeks and already her
faith in Moore is severely strained.
Nora, to whom the "commander" says
he is engaged, is Mrs. Nora Miller, a
widow, who is cook of the institution.
She has apartments adjoining those oc
cupied by Moore. Moore recently pre
sented his fiancee with a handsome tailor
made gown, which the commander de
clares is the pattern of the "Union Mis
sion Army" uniform.
"Everything is perfectly straight and
square, said Moore. "I am no book
keeper, but I can show where all the
money goes. We give beds to six or
seven men every night and supply ten or
fifteen meals each day. The money I
have in bank was mine before I opened
this great work and is not, in any sense,
the property of the Union Mission Army.
I sell tickets to the merchants and re
deem them here with beds or meals and
It all takes money. I see that there was
a big surplus in December, but January
may be light."
Moore admitted that he ¦ had engaged
Mrs. Hill during this month and that she
brings in several dollars a day, besides
goods. Last night six men slept at the
shelter and most of them had tickets for
which the merchants had paid. It Is said
that if the Volunteers or the Salvation
Army had Moore's Income they would
shelter and feed an average of thirty men
all the time. Moore shelters six and aver
ages three to five meals a day. There is
also much evidence to show that in many
instances men really destitute are turned
away unless they have a ticket or a dime.
Around the corner from the shelter, on
Eighth street, is the Mission Hall, where
Moore holds meetings nightly. A few
nights ago Moore had his affianced cook
with her little child at the street meet-
Ing. One of the child's relatives attempt
ed to carry away the child by force and
the police were called in to restore peace
in the family.
The commander, should he ever have
any army outside of himself, intends to
dictate the love affairs of his officers, for
this question is included in the following
questions submitted to applicants:
"Do you agree, whether in charge of a
post or serving under a superior officer,
not to keep company with a lady friend
in the post at which you are stationea
without first consulting the commander In
chief?
"If you obtain permission to keep com
pany with a lady friend, do you agree to
wait at least ten months before marry
ing?"
"I am not anxious for notoriety," said
Moore. "I do not seek it. The last time
something regarding my home was made
public three of my regular subscribers
told me that I need not call again."
DESPONDENT IDA
WILLIAMS TAKES
ROUGH ON RATS
Mysterious Attempt at
Suicide.
M. NIEBLING IS HER FRIEN
•
SAYS THE GIRL HAD TROUBLE
WITH HER PARENTS.
•
Miss Ida 'Williams, a young woman who
recently came to this city from Marys
ville. tried to end her life yesterday by
taking a dose of "Rough on Rats," in her
room in the Ah'born House, corner of
Bush street and Grant avenue. Two for
mer attempts at suicide on the part of
the despondent girl proved failures, and
It :s probable that the speed displayed by
the officials in getting her to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where Dr. G. H. Thompson
made good use of a stomach pump and
an antidote, will render her third effort
to depart this life by the poioson route as
abortive as were the other two.
For several reasons the police are puz
xled in trying to determine the cause of
the girl's suicidal mania, and the affair
is mysterious from various standpoints.
Michael Niebling, who came to this city
with the girl and her sister Kate last
Tuesday, visited the Receiving Hospital
shortly after the patient had been treated
Ly the physician and was taken to the
office of Capiain "Wittman by Patrolman
George M. Geiraan. He was in an intoxi
cated condition and toid such a rambling
tale that he was locked up for the nigh..
In the City Prison and charged with
drunkenness.
The two girls— lda and Kate "Williams —
came here last Tuesday and took a room
at the Ahlborn House. They were ac»
conipanied by Niebling. who paid their
hotel bill and frequently visited them.
Last Thursday the sister Kate left the
hotel, since which time the would-be sur
cide appeared very downhearted. She
was visited at an early hour yesterday
morning by Niebling, who departed in a
short time.
About 4 o'clock in the afternoon a clerk
named Schultz went to the room in re
sponse to a ring and found the girl lying
on the bed and groaning in pain. She
told him *:he had talit-n poison, when the
clerk rushed down and informed the pro
prietress. Mrs. Fcchemelcher, who
promptly telephoned to the Receiving
H'isj-iH.i;. An ambulance arrived and got
the girl to the hospital within a few min
utes, where Dr. Thompson administered
medical treatment.
Poiice Officer Geirnan secured two notes
left by the girl. One was addressed to
"Mr. Edward Dickhouse, Baiigor. Butte
County." and the other to "Mike Niebling,
Ahlborn House. Grant avenue. San Fran.
Cisco." Learning that Niebling had been
at the hoiei and heard of the attempted
t-uicide, t'ioimaii hurried out to the Re
ceiving Hospital just in time to intercept
his man.
Nkbling was so drunk he could hardly
talk, but in detached sentences managed
lo tell Captain Wiitman that this was the
:h:rd time the girl had tried to kill her
s< if. He said she lived four miles from
Baogor and that he- met her and her sister
«>n ;n<- train bound for this city last Tues
day. She was an old acquaintance and he
dei" raved her expenses because she was
penniless. Dickhouse, he said, was the
girl's brother-in-law. Niebling: declared
he was in nowise responsible for the sui
cidal tendency of the girl and believed
sh<- had had trouble with her parents. He
was locked in. a cell in the City Prison
and bookt'i as a "drunk."
The notes written by Miss "Williams
¦were so poorly written and spelled as to
b<=- almost illegible. In one envelope was a.
note executed by Dickhouse in favor of
herself for S5O. dated January 13, 1898, and
bearing interest at the rate of 8 per cent,
fche asked Dickhouse to pay the amount
of the note to Nk-blinp to remunerate him
lor what he had expended on her and said
he had been a true friend and was not re
sponsible for her being tired of life. "I
have gone to join little Tcmmie." she
wrote, "and hope you will always think
kindly cf me." Dickhoupe was also re
quested to deliver a letter of similar char
acter to her parents.
In her letter to Nnebling Miss "Williams
requested him to write Dickhouse for the
amount of the note and not to try to end
his life, because she had done so. She
seemed fearful h<? would make the at
tempt, and in three places in her letter
begged him not to think of such a thing.
"No one will think v.rong of you," she
wrote, "after you show them this letter.
Pep that my things are pent Kate. Good-
Ivy, darling, and a thousand kisses. I am
tired of life."
Late in the evening the girl was pro
nounced out of danger. She would talk
little to any one except Miss E. Beau
champs, me nurse, whom she informed
that she had bought the poison at Marys
vUto before boanling the train for this
city. She said she had had trouble with
her parents and was tired of life. Her
age sne gave as 22 years.
What mystify the police are the failure
of the pirl to refer to any trouble in the
letter 1* ft to be sent her parents and the
affection she seemed to bear for Niebling.
¦whom she referred to as her "dear
friend." and whom she feared would imi
tate her example. Why she should fear
Niebling would try to follow her to the
crave and should call him "darling." in
the light of hip declaration that she was
only an acquaintance, are questions both
refuse to answer, and it is believed that
the truth of the matter has not been di
vulged.
DEATH ENDS A
DAY'S OUTING
Miss Cunningham Is
Drowned at Bodega.
OTHERS NARROWLY ESCAPE
JAMES CAXTGHBY THE HERO OF
THE OCCASION.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 27.— Late this after
noon word reached this city from Bodega
that Miss Alice Cunningham, the beauti
ful and accomplished daughter of Judge
Cunningham of that place, had been
drowned at Bodega Bay. The little sea
coast town was at once communicated
with by wire and the details ascertained.
A party of young people started early
In the day for a sail upon the bay. After
visiting several points of interest it was
decided to take lunch upon a small island
lying a short distance beyond the heads.
One of the small boats was occupied by
James Caughey, Miss Mattie Roe and
Miss Cunningham. On the return trip
and when within not more than thirty
yards from shore the boat capsized and
the occupants were thrown into the water.
Caughey, who was an expert swimmer,
succeeded in placing Miss Roe astride the
upturned boat and started to take Miss
Cunningham to shore. Upon reaching a
point where the water was about waist
deep he left her to wade in the remainder
of the distance alone and started back
for Miss Roe. Reaching the boat he took
her upon his back and started in, but
upon reaching the point where he had
left Miss Cunningham a few minutes be
fore he was horrified to find her dead body
lying in the shallow water. The young
lady had evidently fainted after being
left alone and drowned for lack of as
sistance while Caughey was making his
second trip to the overturned boat.
The sad affair caused the deepest gloonv
in Bodega, where the young lady was well
known and was a general favorite.
Caughey was badly bruised by being
struck by the plunging boat while try
ing to put it on an even keel. His face
was badly cut and his ear torn. The en
tire party is heart-broken at the sad end
ing of the day's pleasure. Coroner Pierce
of Sebastopol was notified, but decided
not to hold an inquest. A death certifi
cate was Issued this afternoon by Dr.
Bruce Cockerill of Bloomfield and the
funeral will be held Monday at 10 o'clock.
The interment will be at Sebastopol. Miss
Cunningham was 19 years of age. Mr.
Caughey did heroic work and many words
of praise are heard of his noble effort.
Self-respect Is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
Schwaben Verein Masquerade.
The San Francisco Schwaben Verein
gave its annual masquerade ball last
night at Turner Hall, 323 Turk street. At
9 o'clock, on the arrival of Prince CarnN
val and . his suite, the festivities com
menced and the grand march of the
merry maskers completely filled the hall.
Characters, of every description were rep
resented and many of them were well
sustained. The programme of dances was
a long one. p
Music at the Park.
The following selections •will be rendered at
the Park to-day: "ProDhet" march (Meyer
beer); overture, "Dedication of the Temple"
(Keler Bela); selection. "Carmen" (Bizet); fan
tasia on Christian Endeavor hymns (Spadlna);
"Carillon de Noel" (Christmas Bells) (Sydney
Smith); overture, "Jubel" (Weber); song, -'The
Evenlnc Star" from "Tannhauser" (Wagner);
Brand fantasia on the national songs of the
greatest nations of the world CSousa); "Halle
lujah Chorus" from the "Messiah" (Handel).
Dr. Parker 1 * Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it. All druggist*. ?
near to death at the present time owing
to the peculiar circumstances surround
ing the absence of her husband. The
Chief also supplied a number of clippings
from the Eastern press, showing that the
case has attracted a great deal of atten
tion east of the Mississippi.
Detective Dillon was detailed on the
case and for the past three days has bnen
searching the city for some clew that
might lead to a solution of the serpeant's
fate. He visited various lodging-houses
and finally went to the Morgue to ascer
tain if the man had met a violent death.
The detective discovered that Taylor had
expressed an intention of buying a new
watch. Jewelry stores and pawnshops
were visited, but so far as at present
known he never made the purchase.
100s of
Eye-Glasses
Are. now worn with our new clip because they
are thoroughly comfortable. Don't slip, tilt or
pinch the skin.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repalrine.
Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
o4z Market st. instruments
Lace Curtains
Half Price
Irish fpoint curtains in white and ecru,
$ l 4 yards long, full width; a variety of
patterns worth $7, $8 and #9, will be sold
during the coming week for
$4.50 a pair.
figured Velours
A fabric suitable for couch covers, mantle
drapes, cushion covers, chair coverings and
all upholstering purposes, at
Glove Reduction
Four button Maggioni Francesco glace' kid
gloves, which are acknowledged to be the best
fitting and most durable gloves in the world,
reduced from $2.00 to
$1.50 a pair.
Every pair guaranteed and fitted if desired.
CASH OH LITILE-AT-A-TEIB.
EXTENSION
TABLES.
STX FEET EXTENSION.
ANTIQUE OAK.
THIS U/EEK,
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/017-/023 MISSION ST/tBET.
fJbove Slxtlj.
Ffcona Bontlk U. C?aa E7«aia;i.
Send for Now Illustrated Catalog.
block 9 of the Flint tract, la In no wiy,
dangerous, noisome or objectionable to
the residents of the neighborhood. The
petitioners request the board to grant the
firm permission to continue the operation
of the quarry.
Sheriff Lackmann informed the board
that he had but $2356 73 for the running
expenses of Jail 2 for the next month. He
thinks that with careful management and
economy about $500 of the money can be
used for needed repairs, and he will. 53
far as his power extends In the matter,
place the $500 at the disposal of the board.
It was decided on the report of Presi
dent Mendell to devote $200 to placing the
heating apparatus In the Hall of Justice
in working order as a matter of urgent
necessity.
Gas and Water Inspector Tupper peti
tioned for the necessary apparatus to test
gas and electric meters for private con
sumers, on payment of a fee of $2.
Superintendent of Public Buildings Bnr
nett recommended that the elevators Jn
the City Hall be converted info e'*>-t- c
elevators, which could be run at half the
present cost if the electricity is generate-i
by the city. He also recommends that trie
heating system be thoroughly overhauled.
PARCELS OUT JOBS.
Numerous Appointments by the
Board of Public Works.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
appointed the following list of employes,
most of whom are incumbents:
Fire Department carpenter shop — George
Thomas, teamster, $2 50 a day; John T.
Burns, John Campbell and George Van
Slyck, carpenters, $3 50 a day.
City Hall— Patrick J. Johnston, plumber,
$100 a month; Edward Nellmann, assistant
plumber, $75; P. J. Lynch, head carpenter
$10u a month; Schuyler Baker, assistant
carpenter; A. Carpenter, helper.
Engine-room — Engineer, J. W. Symon
$100 a month; fireman. Thomas P. O'Neill!
$75; heater man, Edward Keegan. $75;
night watchman John Kirkpatrick. $70.
Engineers at Fourth-street bridge, at
$100 per month each. Garret Welch and
Thomas Sheehan; keeper of Fourth-street
bridge, at $75, E. Lauterback; assistant
keeper, at $CO, Matthew Shute: keeper at
Sixth-street bridge, at $60, Edward Dun
ning.
The board decided to meet the Civil Ser
vice Commission to-morrow at 4 p. m. to
arrange the proper classification of the
places of employment under its control.
A numerously signed communication
was read, to the effect that the quarry
maintained by Qulmby & Harrelson. on
to inform the public so as to prevent
Moore from further robbing It, as he is
unng the money for his own benefit.
"He suggested " to my husband," said
Mrs. Creswell in an interview, "that he
should put on a suit like his and collect
money as he did, saying that then my
husband would not have to work any
more. We would not let him stay in our
house after we found what kind of a man
he was."
Moore was at his "headquarters," Man
ning place, Friday afternoon. He resent
ed, at first, any request for a few facts
concerning his "shelter."
"You will have to go elsewhere for
facts," «aid he. "Do you think I'm green
and know nothing? Do you think I came
over from Ireland yesterday?"
After spending nearly an hour extolling
his virtues and his desire that the news
papers should not crush hts "work,
Moore consented to produce his books.
They are kept in the crudest form and
show him to be alike ignorant and shift
less. A hasty summing of the receipts for
one month showed that Moore had receiv
ed f-46 in San Francisco. No mention was
made of money collected in other cities.
The total disbursements were $139, show
ing promts for the month of $109. .
Moore's blanks and posters are grossly
misleading. They assert that the "Union
Mission Army" is a vast organization.
Applicants for membership in the "army"
are furnished with blanks to till out and
sign. The accompanying Instructions
state that "this form must be signed by
the officers in charge of the post in which
you are a candidate for training, and
when signed is to be forwarded to the
commander-in-chief, who will submit It to
the Grand Field Council, the latter ac
cepting or rejecting the applicant by a
two-thirds vote."
"Where is the Grand Field Council?"
Moore was asked.
"There is none."
"Who made you commander-ln-chief?"
"I commissioned myself."
"To whom are you responsible?"
"To myself."
"How much property is there In this
place?"
"It would require $600 to duplicate It."
"Could you wind up this business at
once if you chose?"
"I could."
"If you did shut down, to whom would
this property belong?"
"To me, solely."
"Will you incorporate?"
"I am In no hurry. I might get a board
of directors unfavorable to me."
"Are you married?"
"Not yet— about as good as married. I
am engaged to Nora, the cook."
"Have you a bank account?"
"I have, but it is purely a personal af
fair."
"Were you arrested In Portland?"
"I was, and was detained for forty
days, but was never tried. Ballington
Booth set the matter right."
Moore admitted he Is commander, army,
auditor, cashier, grand Held council, in
fact, the whole thing, an expanded
Poohbah without precedent.
"Commander" Moore has recently en
gaged the services of a Mrs. Hill, the
wife of a minister in the Illinois confer
ence. Mrs. Hill has her daughter with
her, a charming and talented young
lady, who has no sympathy with the
"work." Mrs. Hill and her daughter room
in one corner of the "shelter," separated
MAY ERECT STANDS.
Chinese Granted Some Concessions by
Acting Chief of Police.
Acting Chief of Police Biggy has an
nounced his intention of permitting the
Chinese to erect temporary stands in the
streets on which to hold their New Year
festivities. He will also permit celebra
tions in private houses. The explosion ->f
fireworks of any description in the street,
however, has been strictly forbidden.
Many other privileges which have been
accorded Chinese in years past will now
be denied them on account of their atti
tude in the highbinder war and until they
conclude to accede to certain demands
made by the police.
Biggy states that he will meet the
representatives of forty tongs next week
and will press his demands upon them.
He says that at the present time twenty
two of the organizations are willmg to
give the names of their leaders, but that
eighteen tongs of the Sam Yups are hold
ing out. If his terms are not agreed upon
the acting Chief will retain the present
force of police In Chinatown and continue
to make things merry for the Mongolians.
Commander Moore's Shelter Is But
a Pretext for Soliciting Funds.
GETTING RICH BEGGING
FOR A PHANTOM ARMY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
Young Women Live at the Place Under Con
ditions That Are an Affront to Decency.
A Good-Paying Institution.
I: Palace and \
¦: Grand Hotels j
' ' For nearly a quarter of a century th-» ' '
* ' leading hotels en the Paclflo Coast. ' '
< ' With added lmr>roveroenta and con- ¦ '
? venlences they continue to be the head- < ¦
quarters for tourists and travelers vii- . ¦
Itlos fc'an Francisco. , ,
? JOHN C KIIUCPATKICK. o
T Manajc*r. < >
22How He Appears Now to the Blackmail
ers Who Could Not Use Him.
BIGGY BEFORE AND AFTER THE CONTEST
He Was P ctured as the Personification
of Honor in Public Life.
In seeking to punish Commissioner Will
iam J. Biggy because he would not sell
his manhood that newspaper admits, or
rather seeks In every possible way to
prove, that before election Mayor Phelan
exacted from the Police Commission a
promise to vote for F. L. Esola for Chief
of Police. Proof is given that the con
spiracy was hatched, planned and per
fected before Mayor Phelan was e'ectcd
in November, and that subsequent to his
election and up to the very present nio
ment he has striven in ways dishonorable
and discreditable to make his trickster's
scheme a success. From the camp of his
own friends, therefore, from the very
newspaper that opened its columns to his
denial of a criminal act which did n~t
deny came the announcement, startling
as it must be to the people of San Fran
cisco, that he Is a dishonest official, un
worthy of the post he occupies.
The motive which drew forth these re
markable admissions of yesterday are of
comparatively minor consideration. The
one point of vital importance to the people
of San Francisco is the final proof that
Mayor Phelan bargained before his elec
tion to deliver the Police Department of
this city as a commodity to be used as the
purchaser saw fit and to be manipulated
as criminal influence dictated. It is of
importance to the people of San Francisco
to know that these conspirators, with
Mayor Phelan still In the lead, are yelping
In chagrin at the failure of their scheme.
It Is of Importance to know that the col
umns of a corrupt newspaper are still free
to be used for furthering the success of
his scheme and will continue to be opened
until a decent public opinion and honest
officials who prize their manhood drive
the conspirators into obscurity.
If there has been at any time since The
Call began Its expose of thl3 gigantic con
spiracy the shadow of doubt It has been
removed, and the issue Is now perfectly
plain. The Police Commissioners can no
longer evade the serious issue presented
to them. The organ of Mayor Phelan has
cent broadcast the Information that they
were elected as the tools of the.conspira
tors into whose hands he had delivered
them. As a matter of simple justice to
themselves they must assert their own In
dependence and dictate their own policy.
Any other course will brand them as men
unworthy of confidence and public place.
The startling- statement of Commis
sioner Blggy in reference to the terms
upon which the compromise report on
Esola was adopted occasioned widespread
comment yesterday. The document was
straightforward, direct and clear. It re
cited incidents that had actually hap
pened, and it related conclusions that had
already been reached. In an effort to
obtain the opinions of the other Commis
sioners. Commissioner William Thomas
was seen yesterday. In obedience to the
contract through which he obtained a
public position and under which he makes
the backer of an obscure, ignorant, in
efficient and incapable lieutenant the cus
todian of his honor and good name, Mr.
Thomas declines to say anything that
means anything. He has with his right
and privilege of action sacrificed his free
dom of opinion and evidently prefers to
wait until he receives permission from
his keeper before he will talk to the point
upon the vital question at Issue. In an
Enraged at Failure the
Examiner Betrays the
Secret of the Ante-
Election Compact and
Bargain of Mayor
Phelan.
Sensations Follow in
Rapid Succession in
the Scandalous Plot
to Barter the Police
Department.
Commissioner W.J. Biggy
Wins the Tribute of
Abuse Fromthe Black
mailing Backers of
The Man Who Dared to Defy the Mayor and His Allied Conspirators.
MEANTIME the conspirators bad cap
tured Commissioner William J. Blggy.
who rrlll be known for years as the
Judas Iscarlot of the Police Commis
sioners. He he* sold his friends and
betrayed Mayor Phelan In the hope that he him
self will snatch the office of Chief of Police and
draw the salary of *4000 a year. He It In who
has been false to every promise and every
friend. But he has kept his contract to wash
the dirty wash which John D. Spreckels tosses
at him. Nothing in the line of fairness can be
expected from niggy. but there Is hope In an
appeal to the honor and manhood of his fellow
Commissioners who regard him with the con
tempt he deserves. His reason for wanting the
place, aside from the satisfaction of his desire
to peacock before the community, lies In the
fact that the Chief Is paid «40<>O a year, while
his pay ns a Commissioner is only $100 a month.
As the commission Is bow constituted Dlggy is
making a hopeless fight, bat his shameless
treachery deserve* exposure. Before and after
his appointment as Police Commissioner. Btggr
said freely that he favored Esola's appointment
as Chief of Toliee. He was frequent and appar
ently honest In these assertions. So he declared
he could not be dragged away from Esola's sup
port, but now he has deserted the man he has
promised to support. As Commissioner his sal
ary In but #100 per months as Chief of Police his
salary will he f)4OOO per year. For this differ
ence "William J. Blggy has gone Into the camp
of Mayor Phelan's enemies and has cast In hla
lot with those whose highest hope Is to make
the new charter Inoperative or ridiculous.
Then, too, there Is the contract to do Spreclcels'
ship-wash. Blggy 1« Interested In the United
States Laundry. That lanndry constitute* his
business and mean* of livelihood when he Is not
holding office and drawing the salary of a t»x
eater.
In his lust for an ofilce carrying a nlgn
salary, Biggy Importuned Mayor Phelan to
make htm it member of the Board of Public
Work.*. Ench member of that board receive*
¦$•1000 a year. Blggy Is not an engineer or ay
builder. He had no special qualification* for
the place, but he wanted the job because It car
ried a fat salary. He had been out of office for
several months, and the lust for the public
money wan strong upon him. To get this place
he must again show himself In an act of shame
less treachery, bat that *eem* to have been
easy to hint. The man who would desert Mayor
Phelan find the new charter for a contract to
wnsh dirty clothe* would not scruple to desert
an honorably ambitious police lieutenant whom
he had promised to help secure the office of
Chief. And thl* Is why "William J. Blggy turned
against Lieutenant Esola, whom he had prom
ised to support, and tried to get for himself
the position of Chief with Its 94000 a year and to
keep at the same time the 9825 per month for
washing the linen of John D. Spreekela— -S«>»
Francisco Examiner, January 27. 1000.
THE volers of Snn Franclneo hnre the op
portunity to secure a Supervisor who hfi*
made bin name and record ns a foe of
boodlern mid corrnptionistn. Senator
Bltstzy linn lind n trial in service. He has
pmtned through the flreo of Sacramento and
proved true. He hnd the courage vrhleh In rare
even in good leiclhlntorn to rise and denounce
in pernnn the corrupt and corrupting member*
ivlio had attempted to Influence him and for his
I'diirntif he han been threatened with political
extinction. The city needs him and the voters
should elect him. Examiner, October U, 18IMJ.
lint It is worth while to call particular at
tention to one man whose election would mate
rially aid eood Kovernmenl, even If he did not
have a nlitK'le honest nHsocintc on the board.
AV'e refer to ex-Senator lllkk>- He is the sort
ot man who could make himself felt whether he
Ntooil with eleven or alone. If he were in the
minority he would meet every corrupt scheme
with an opposition so vigorous, persistent and
disturbing; that he would attract the attention
of the whole community.— Ummlner, October
4, 180 G. , ,
The career of Mr. HlKfsy in the State Senate
had Riven the best test of his honesty that could
be devised. He hnd come out of that trial not
only with the reputation of an honest man, but
also of one who -would lijilit for honesty Exam
iner, Movember*2, 181KS.
The city had another object lessou last
Thursday of havlnx an able and conscientious
otlicial in charge when anything; Is to be done.
The charter election was the most Important
expression of the will of the people that has
been had In many yearn, for It was to settle the
future form of the city'a government. It was
also one in which there watt the most reason to
fear fraud. The charter was opposed by all the
unscrupulous elements of the city and the cir
cumstance that the majority of voters in inter
ested in candidates rather than In institutions
luitdi- it certuin that a. large number would stay
away from the polls and thus give opportunity
for the fraudulent voting of men. HeKistrar
lll XX) waal viK'ilcnt and unwearied in his efforts
to secure a fair vote and an honest count. With
an enercetlc und viKllaut officer In the position
of Registrar, the people may feel assured that
on election day they will have the chance to
cast their votes freely and have them honestly
counted. — Examiner, May 31, 1898.
By the appointment of \V. J. Hlkjo* an Reg
istrar to succeed W. M. Hlnton, the Governor
has given one more ftround for fcratefal ac
knowledgement and congratulation. When Mr.
Ilinloii wan taken from the ofllce in which be
had given so much satisfaction the people only
asked that they be. given a man who would
nerve them with the same single-minded lion
eety of purpose. The Governor has met that
request In the spirit in which it was made by
appointing n man who has maintained his name
for sturdy honesty of purpose and energy of
action in that fiercest of teats, the California.
Legislature. A man who can come from that
body with the reputation of an aggressive foe
of corruption la the man who needs no stronger
recommendation.— San Francisco Examiner.
interview yesterday he said:
"I will make a statement which I do
not believe The Call will publish. I con
sider that I am still bound by my honor
not to divulge or discuss anything that
transpired during the executive sessions
of the Police Commission. I do not be
lieve Mr. Biggy's actions relieve me In
any way from my obligation. Further
than this I have nothing to say regarding
the affairs of the Police Commission or
the course taken by Mr. Biggy. I will
neither deny nor affirm any of his state
ments, and any questions on that lin»
which may be asked of me will be a
useless waste of breath."
In theso words Commissioner Thomas
takes his position before the people of
San Francisco. Commissioner McNutt
was hardly more explicit.
Dr. McNutt's mind does not appear to
be clear on any particular subject except,
perhaps, that he is waiting for orders to
dictate his official action.
"I do not care a copper farthing why
Mr. Biggy signed the contract." he aald,
"ot whether or not he understood that it
was a compromise measure or if any
promises to that effect were made to him.
I certainly did not make any such promise
to him, and If any one else did It is no
business of mine. I know why 1 signed
the verdict and I am interested no fur
ther. I did not believe the charges were
proved and do not believe so now."
"Do you know," Dr. McNutt was ask
ed, "that any member of the board or that
anybody not of the board submitted the
verdict on condition that Esola's name be
withdrawn?"
"No proposition was made to me," was
Dr. McNutt's reply. "It was not neces
sary, and this is as fiir as I will discuss
that phase of the question."
"Do you consider that Esola Is still a
candidate for the office of Chief of Po
lice?" the Commissioner was asked.
"I have. never heard that he was official
ly withdrawn," was the answer. "We
have not disposed of the other applicants
for the place nor have we fully considered
the suggestions that have come to us from
all directions. It seems to mo that every
body is a candidate for the position. I
have never promised my vote to any one,
and as a matter of fact really do not
know who is a candidate."
The dexterity with which the learned
physician handles the truth would suggest
that he missed his proper sphere of use
fulness in not becoming a juggler.,
"Since you say you have not promised
your vote to any one," he was asked,
"will you deny that some one else has
promised it for you?"
Dr. McNutt was quite as shy of this
question as he had been of the other. "I
believe It Is my duty," he said, "to do the
best 1 can for the Mayor and to do every
thing In my power to help along his ad
ministration."
The physician has the very Interesting
faculty of making himself delightfully
absurd. He was asked if Colonel Sullivan
had not been suggested as a compromise
candidate and If the board was not con
sidering the candidacy of the Mayor's sec
retary. Dr. McNutt's answer would en
title him to a mark of distinction as a
manipulator of the truth.
"Well, really I don't know," he said, "I
am not officially aware that he is a can
didate, but I am sure he would not refuse
the job If it were offered to him. In that
respect he is like a great many others in
this city. The day after I was appointed
a Commissioner by Mayor Phelan I hired
a Federal detective to look up the records
of every one who had been
mentioned In the newspapers as
candidates for the office of Chief.
I was perfectly new at the business
then and the Information I received was
of assistance to me." Commissioner Mc-
Nutt did not discuss the information he
received or the impressions he felt when
Frederick L. Esola deliberately perjured
himself upon the witness stand and at
tempted to drag the members of the
Police Commission down to his low level
of cheap cunning.
Dr; McNutt seems to have overlooked
a very rich field In his search for Inform
ation. -He need not have hired Federal
detectives to assist him, but might have
gone to the record of the Police Depart
ment Itself and would have obtained In
formation that would have made him
wißer and perhaps sadder. He could have
looked over the records of the department
since Frederick L. Eaola has been ap
pointed. He could have begun with
Esola's scrawling, almost Illegible and
ungrammatical application for a position
on the police force. The Commissioner
could have searched through those re-
ports and could have found scores of
proofs of Esola's illiteracy, incompetency
and stupidity.
ESOLA WRITES HIS OWN PROOF OF HIS INCOMPETENCY.
• Among the records of the Police 2>epartment are many reports, requests, petitions and suggestions •
! written by Esola. These documents are proof absolute of the ignorance, incapacity and audacity of the "
• presumptuous lieutenant. Several are reproduced in fac simile to establish these facts and to show that '•
; Esola spent much of his time, for which the city paid, at the racetracks. One of the letters above, that '
which shows on its face some knowledge of penmanship and which is signed "Esola, Lieut.," waa !
\ not written by the lieutenant, but by an officer to whom he delegated the serious task of writing.
The Commissioner could have inspected
application after application from Lieu
tenant Esola to desert his desk, neglect
his duty and Impose upon his '"pull" to at
tend the races with his friends. Dr. Mc-
Xutt can find among these records also.
If he cares to look, evidences of the fact
that the presumptuous lieutenant, who
wants to be Chief of Police, cannot make
out a report that a child in knickerbock
ers could not surpass. Dr. McNutt can
find among the records the absolute proof
that all of the reports emanating from,
the division in which Esola is a lieuten
ant have been made out by subordinates,
very frequently patrolmen, whenever the
reports were of importance.
The Commissioner can there find to a
demonstration that Eaola Is not only In
competent for the position he seeks but
unfit for the office he holds. And if Dr.
McXutt has as keen a sense of the pre
postercus as his dawdling with facts
would suggest he can see how eminently
disqualified the Mayor's candidate is for
the office of Chief of Police. If Dr. Mc-
Nutt will take this trouble he will save
himself the expense of any further em
ployment of Federal detectives.
In order that these very interesting re
ports and requests and appeals to his su
periors may show for themselves several
of them are reproduced. The frequency
In which the ambitious lieutenant asks
leave to attend the races would suggest
that he was a happy possessor of a season
pass to the tracks. As Chief of Police he
would no doubt be an adornment to the
grand stand at Tanforan.
When the newspaper backer of Esola
took up the cudgel to belabor Commis
sioner Biggy, and overshooting Its mark,
struck Mayor Phelan, It Instituted a
series of Interesting comparisons with
Itself. For over four years the Examiner
has loat no opportunity to praise the pub
lic life of William J. Blggy. It has given
him columns of editorial indorsement and
has exhausted Its vocabulary of well
wishes in his behalf. This policy con
tinued until a very few months ago. or
more correctly speaking, until yesterday,
when the vocabulary of abuse was
brought Into requisition and Blggy waa
as roundly abuaed as he had been highly
praised. The conclusion Is plain.
"When the Examiner praises anybody it
has either used him or wants to use him.
When it denounces a man hiffh In publia
life or respected In private life the con
clusion Is Inevitable that the recipient
of these favors has refused to sell hia
honor to the blackmailers who dictate
the policy of the Examiner. That this
may show for itself The Call presents
this morning In parallel columns the opin
ion entertained b. the Examiner of Wil
liam J. Biggy before and after he waa
asked to sell himself as a chattel Jo
Mayor Phelan and the leading spirits of
the Examiner.
the Ambitious Lieu
tenant.
— >
Startling Revelations of
Esola's Mendacity and
Incompetency Among
the Official Records
at the City Hall.
•
EXSATIOKS are following
/r^ quickly, one upon the other,
In the affairs of the Police
Ig^ Jjf Commission and in the_ scan-
dal .-us scheme concocted tc
The latest surprise, and one
of the greatest in the case, was sprung
yesterday, when the conspirator?, made
desperate by the failure of their scheme
and the forced retirement of the pre
eumptuous lieutenant, confessed the ex
istence of the plot which The Call has
charged and which it offered to prove in a
court of justice. The newspaper in which
Esola has found his only support shame
lessly acknowledged that Mayor Phelan
had made a criminal ante-election com
pact to appoint Police Commissioners
¦whose sole qualification for office and
whose only obligation would be to elect
Esola Chief of Police.
That newspaper, which has resorted to
every artifice and trick to accomplish
Esoia's election, declared yesterday that
Mayor Phelan had been betrayed because
one of the Police Commissioners had not
kept the pledge which had been exacted
from mm before his appointment, and
which was an incident to the bond which
Mayor Phelan had given before his elec
tion in exchange for the support of that
newspaper. This shameful confession
came like a bombshell, as it was hardly
to be expected that the conspirators would
be indiscreet enough to sacrifice their
arch conspirator, the Mayor, and expose
through their own admissions the gigan
tic plot which blasted the political future
of his Honor and brands him as a man
f unk enough to stoop to the lowest polit
ical pool and drag his name and his char
acter and his reputation as an honest man
through its foulness, that he might win
political success.
But In the failure of their cherished
conspiracy the schemers had evidently
lost their h^ads. and yesterday the pub
lic of San Francisco needed t« look n»
further than the columns of the iocal yol
low jourr.aJ to see the proof, absolute and
conclusive, of what The Call was ready
to prove In court. That that newspaper
was forced to stultify itself and to reveal
itself In all Its insincere, greedy, private
selfishness was only an incident In the af
fair. That the manipulators and managers
of the shfcvt were compelled to show the
people of San Francisco that the yellow
journal has but one policy, and that one
of self-aggrandizement, was hardly to be
expected under any but the most serious
circumstances, but the interesting fact re
mains that the organ of Mayor Phelan
has now stamped him as an unworthy po
litical trickster, who has used his power
end his office to pander to his selfish am
bition and to prostitute the great institu
tion of San Francisco to criminal uses.
PHELAN EXPOSED TO PUBLIC SHAME BY HIS FRIENDS
! Pages 23 to 32 j
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
I Pages 23 to 32 !HENLEY
GOLF BALLS
GAPE NOME!
Al SHIP COLUMBIA. CAPACITT 2TOO
tons, sailing on or about April 10. Ap-
ply Alaska Navigation and Commercial
Co.. office with LEWIS. ANDERSON &
CO., 28 East street. LOWEST RATE 3.
Valuable Cape Recovered.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27.— The valuable as
trakhan cape which was recently lost by
Mrs. J. C Tucker while she was riding
in a Gurnry cab has been found in the
pe,«fsesslon of the cab driver. James Wood
tvorth. who maintains that he found It in
the street. The cspe was valued at $300.
Sheldon Needs No Assistance.
TOPEKA, Jan. 27.— Rev. Charles M.
Sheldon Is in receipt of letters and tele
grams dally asking for employment on t^e
Capital during his editorship and offers
of assistance from all parts of the coun
try. He is unable to reply to these offers
of service individually, and requests the
Associated Press to state that he will em
ploy nobody for any purpose outside of
the regular force of the paper.
Boxer Seeks a Hatch.
Tounsr Peter Jackson, the colored boxer,
la in the city seeking a match. His man
ager, George XV. Bishop. i 3 anxlou3 to
pit him against any of the beat of the
welterweight division. Jackson won from
clever Tommy Tracey at Stockton lately
and Is looking for big pame now.
Boston College Games.
BOSTON. Jan. 27.— At the Boston college
frames to-night in the Mechanics' build
ing In team races Harvard beat Columbia,
Bowdoin beat Brown, Williams beat Wes-
e tdd'i<» Duffe<*. Georgetown University.
yon the forty-yard invitation dash in 4 i-a
_ . ..
C J. Sweeney. Holy Ctofs i« feet), won
the forty-yardhandicap da?h in 4 3-5 sec-
J H Shirk, Harvard <8 feet), won the
feirty-yard handicap hurdles in £ 3-5 Fee-
Dk-k Orant. Harvard, won the two-mile
rare: time sft:Os5 ft :O5 4-5.
\Vin<bestor. Harvard <5 feet), won the
flxteen-r»ound shot put, distance 41 feet 9
E. C. Rust. Noble's* school (21 yards),
won the quarUr-mlle handicap in 53 3-5
Feronds. _
F M. Kanaly. rharles Bank Gymna-
Fium <ST. yards), won the mile run. Time,
4-25 3-5.
S F. Re.ckwe!l. Harvard 'So yaro», won
the half-mile handicap. Time. 2:05.
SCENES AND INCIDENTS OF. THE RICH LISSAK STAKES
LOS ANGELES WINS.
Close of the Golf Tournament on
Pasadena Club Links.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 27.— The Southern
California Golf Association tournament on
the Pasadena Country Club links closed
to-day. Play began with Los Angeles 15
points, Pasadena 8 points, Catallna 3 and
Riverside 2. The first match of the day
was between Orr of Pasadena and Maud
of Riverside. Orr won the match five up,
scoring three for Pasadena.
Polley administered a decided defeat to
his opponent, Roberts, of the Riverside
Club. He won the match nine up, scor
ing throe more points for Pasadena. Jar
dine (Pasadena) and McNab (Riverside)
halved the match; Hostetter (Pasadena),
playing against Bruce, won two up, cap
turing another point for Pasadena, mak
ing a total for the morning of seven and
a gross total of 15 for the tournament.
Cosbystarted off for Los Angeles against
"Wood of the Catalina Club and won four
up. Tufts was pitted against Nichols, and
won, one up, scoring one .point for Los
Angeles. Hugh May defeated Norwood
Howard of the Catalina Club, two up.
Satori. Los Angeles, lost to Silent, Cata
lina. five down. The former was off his
form, and the latter, put up a good game.
The score of the match was: Los Angeles
4, Catalina 3. This gave the cup to Los
Angeles, making the final total score for
all the clubs as follows: Los Angeles 19,
Pasadena 15, Catalina 6, Riverside 2.
The finals in the women's championship,
IS holes, match play, was played In the
afternoon between Mrs. Jean W. Bowers
and Mrs. John D. Fester. Mrs. Bowers
won the match.
served after the play. A few ladles
watched the game during the afternoon.
David Stephenson and Horace Rawlins
went round the course after the match
players. The second garno of the match
\*ill be played next Saturday afternoon on
the Adams Point links.
BANNOCKBURN AGAIN
RUNS A FAST MILE
In Defeating Flamora at Oakland for the
Lissak Stake, the. Brown Horse Equals
His Own Coast Record of 1:39.
BANNOCKBURK. th« doughty
brown horse, conqueror of Geyser
and a coast record holder, is mon
arch of the handicap division. The
title was earned at Tanforan on
January 20. when he defeated a big field
for the Turf Congress stake, stepping a
mile in 1:39 flat, and be demon
strated the fact that it was no
fluke by taking the Lissak stake
at Oakland yesterday, again equal
ing his wonderful mark, with 128 pounds
In the saddle. The weather was cool and
threatening, which fact did not prevent a
his crowd turning out In expectation of
seeing a great horserace. All had heard
of the prowess of Bacnockburn and with
the lie.d reduced to six by scratching
Barney Schreiber's entry was in great
demand at odds of 4 to 5. The Burns &
Waterhouse stable started both David
Tenny and Dr. Sheppard. but the pair
were only moderate sellers at 5 to 1
<ounled Dr. Nembula looked well in
ffland quite a number swung to Dan
.printer. The ** r P^L ca £L u - r
lators thought Flamora, the three->ear-
Lfd with W pounds to carry, the danger
ous one. ana unloaded accordingly, Bel
iing S There was a tiresome delay at the
mft and when the barrier faggrgSJ?
he air It was not to one of Starter Fer
guson's happiest efforts. Dr.
tvhich had refused to break, acting as if
nffiicted with lumbago, was left, and
Kddle Jones, on Dr. Sheppard. beat his
.VTmpanv away as if shot from a cata
pult. The Doctor made a grand splutter
?ut in front for a while, but he was only
like a bubble on the placid waters of a
iroc pond. Turning into the stretch the
favorite nabbed him with scarcely an ef
fort, tbe thre*-nuarters be-tng covered in
1-14 flat. It was Just about this time that
Jack Martin, with Flamora. became
troublesome, causing Bullman to ride the
favorite out to win by less than two
lengths. Dr. Sheppard finished third.
Th^rp was no mistaking tlie popularity
of Barney Schreiber. for when the time—
3 ». equaling the coast record— was sus
j<ended there was a storm of applause,
:>nd when horse and rider returned to the
Mairl a regular ovation was tendered
Bullman unA his handsome mount.
First choices in the belting almost swept
the board, capturing all but two numbers.
Tuthill. which won as a second choice,
received heavy backing, but Sisquoc. a W
to ] ?hot, by his "fluke" in the last event.
pave The books a pretty fair "break."
It »a.« r«-RTeJta.b]A that Spenrer did not
Five Bendoran his head in the free handi-
RACING ON THE ICE.
Championship Skating Tourraaifat
Conies ' t a Close.
NEW BUBO. S. T.. Jan. 27.— The Ea«r
rrn ohampionfhip ekatir.p races were con
cluded to-day on Downing Park Lak*.
The wind was high, but the ire was in
perfect condition. The final of the novice
whs won by Edward Ivarh of Chester;
distance I.VOO neter*; time, four minutes
«nd I\\f- seconds.
The f.nal heat of the 500 meter cham
pionship was won by James Drury of
Montreal in Co 1-5 seconds.
The 10 000 meter Eastern championship
•uas skatfd in Dee heat. F. R. Sagcr woi
in 24 minutes 55 seconds.
The IWX> meter championship was
Fkated in two heat 6. The final was won
by E. A. Thomas of Newburg. Sager pec
<pr.d. Drury third. Time. 3 minutes 2 sec-
The 3CV> mpter handicap followed. E. A.
Thomas of NVwburg won, F. R. Saser of
Newbure second. A. E. Leach of Chester
third. Time. 5:52.
The :¦•««» meter Eastern championship
was skated in one heat. E. A. Thomas
yon in 11 minutes 46 2-5 seconds. Sager scc
nnd. Gibbs third. The track was about
fix laps to the mile.
About 4000 persons saw the races. There
¦was k<*en rivalry between the N'ewburg
and Montreal skaters, but Newburg
yon all the championship events but one.
The finishes in all of the races were close
and exciting.
I cap. over six furlongs. The big sprinter
I seemed in excellent fettle, winning under
I restraint, in l:l2hi. and could certainly
¦ have hung up a new mark for the dls
' larce. Driving hard Frank Bell led Ben
j .Uc-v-i out a head Tor the place.
; After being scratched on numerous oc
casions Billy Magrane finally started
1 Tuihill in the opening seven furlong run.
As good as 6 to 1 could be had against the
colt and after passing Limerick in the
stretch he won almost easily in l:27^i.
With Andrisa out of the .way Mont Eagle
went to the post a favorite and after get
ting <_ut off on the back stretch finished a
close third.
Diomtri. the fast member of the Red
Iron family, was sent to the post a 7 to 10
choice for the six furlong sprint following.
He noted so badly at the post, going
through the barrier several times, that
his price went to 7 to 5. It proved a false
alarm, though, for when the brother to
Diggs did pet away he ran like a scared
wolf, winning hands down from Redwald.
Owner Tom Griffin's brown colt, Sig.
Levy, turned up the easiest sort of win
ner of the two-year-old scramble. A 1 to
2 choice, he overtook Lily Diggs at tha
paddock, scoring without effort. Game
Warden ran a close third behind Lily.
The good thing in the mile selling run,
which closed the day's sport, went wrong.
Saul of Tarsus ruled favorite, but Flora
bird had been "prepped" at Ingleslde for
this race. Sisquoc, a despised one, upset
everything by downing the Shulte trick
a length. Saul could do no better than
nnish fourth.
Track Notes
Florabird had worked a fast mile over
Irigleside track and was supposed to have
been ready money. She was played from
6 down and had she riot run out at the
stretch would have won. The tip was
sent to old Kentucky.
After disposing of Malay tn Dr. Row
ell "Frisco" Lind began looking about for
another horse and yesterday purchased
Momentum of Albert Simon.
Jim Ferguson paid he had no apologies
to make for his start in the stake rare.
All are liable to err, he said, ami it was
one nf his days.
After the (it feat of Flamora Trainer
"Billy" Murray's face was so long it al
most hid his diamond scarf pin. lie said
he tim^d his lilly from wher*> she got
away, in l:3»'i. and thought that with an
even .br^ak f=he would have beaten Ban
norkhurn. May be so. but Bill should re
mfmb<-r that Imp was about thp only one
able to boat Schreiber's horse in the East
last summer.
JOCKEYS DISCIPLINED
New Orleans Judges Make Forehand's
Suspension Indefinite.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 27.— The stewards
to-day concluded their investigation of
Jockey Forehand's ride on the mare
School Girl on January 20, and as a result
the boy was suspended indefinitely. In
the case of Jockey Harshberger, suspend
ed for a bad ride on Cotton Plant on
January 22. the suspension has been con
tinued until April 1. The weather was
cold and the track fast. Results:
Fix and a half furlonsrs, yelling— Aromata
*r.n, Frt-e J»i°iy second. L. T. Caton third.
Time. 1:22 V
Three furlongs I—Buda1 — Buda won. Stripes eecon*
Clara ]>avii< third. Time. 0:36 H.
One and flve-eig-hths mlle«— School Girl won,
Jim Conway second, Etidorpha third. Timt,
2:60.
<"<itton exiling Ftakes, one mile — Barataria
won. Triaditza second. Dr. Vausrhan third.
Tiire, ];«.
Six furlonpe. handicap— Aljraretta won, Mi?s
Ma* liay t«>cond, San Durang-o third. Time,
1:14.
• »ni> mile, selling-— Nanrkee won. Flora Dan
iels second. Eldrim third. Timp. 1:43.
BIG MIDWINTER SPORTING EVENTS
COLLEGE MEN
DRAFT SOME
NEW RULES
Athletic Committees Recom
mend Changes That Have
Been Suggested;
Committees appointed by the University
of California and Stanford to make
changes in the rules governing: inter
collegiate athletic events met yesterday
at the University Club in this city and
prepared a series of new rules which, if
ratified, will go into effect Immediately
and endure until December 31, 1904. The
student athletic committees of both col
leges will have to ratify these new laws
before they are adopted la the Intercol
legiate codes.
Representing California were Professor
George C. Edwards, I. -. Muma and Clin
ton Miller. Stanford's committee com
prised D. E. Brown, O. C. Loiter and C.
A. Cantwell. For six hours the law
makers worked over the field. The
changes are as fullows:
Exchanging of lists of possible candi
dates shall be done by faculty committees
three weeks before the dat»* of contest
and any one not on the list shall ba
barred from competition. .
The only point on which protest can be
made Is amateur standing. In case Of
dispute between managers or otQcials the
matter shall be arbitrated by a represen
tative of each college, who shall select
a third.
After 1900 the annual football game
shall be held the second Saturday in No
vember, and after 1900 all intercollegiate
contests shall be held on college grounds.
The Intercollegiate committees shall iix
dates at annual meetings. The tield day
of 1900 will be held on the Stanford cam
pus, the third Saturday in April, and al
ternating at either college tnereafter.
The rirst baseball game will !<•¦ held at
the University of California this year in
order to balance the choice of Stanford
in regard to the track contests. The ten
nis tournament will be held on the same
campus as the tleld day on the morning
of the day on which the latter is held.
The head coach after IUW shall be a
graduate and his expenses in full will be
paid, but in no caae to exceed «:."><»'. Head
coach may be assisted by other coaches,
not necessarily graduates, their entire ex
pense not to exceed JGOO. Duration of the
agreement is to last five years, expiring
December 31, 1904. and may be changed
after ratification by the student athletic
committees by the consent of. both bodies.
Amateurs will be classed under rules
laid down by A. A. U. A student must
have been six months in the university
before competing. Limited students in
the University of California must have
the same entrance qualifications as par
tial students at Stanford. All contestants
must be registered twenty-five days after
the beginning of instruction.
No person drawing a salary from the
university other than by manual labor
shall be allowed to compete. No person
drawing a salary from a student body
position shall compete. No student who
has been a freshman at any other col
lege shall compete on freshman team.
The salary clauses go Into effect after
July 1. 1900.
The order of events In intercollegiate
field day shall be: One hundred-yard
dash trial heats, 100-yard run, 120-yard
hurdle heats, 100-yard dash, final; 440
yard dash, mile walk. 120-yard hurdle.
final; 220-yard dash trial heats, 220-yard
hurdle heats, mile run, 22u-yani dash,
final; 220-yard hurdle, final. Field events
—Sixteen-pound hammer throwing, run
ning high Jump, running broad Jump, pole
vault. IS-pound shot put.
No opposition is anticipated m regrard
to the ratification and adoption of the
new rules, as both legislating- committees
represented the spirit of the colleges
which appointed them.
Mill beat James T>an'» Chitlajat. 9— •: E. D.
Fallon'* Lily of the West beat Low* A Thomp
son' • Flora McDonald. 4—l; J. O'S!iem.'» Golden
Rule beat T. J. Cronln'» Maid of Ball, IS— 2;
N. P. WhUins'B St. Anthony beat J. IJean'a
Fegxy, 8—I;8 — I; J. Segserson'* Candelarta beat
Connell Btob.' Lok Boy. 14—19: D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl b«at Russell, Allen A Wil»on'«
Miss Penman, 10-7: Larkey & Rock's Liberty
Bell beat John Strehl'a Jimmy Cork. B— •.
Strictly Reliable.
M \ Dr. Talcott & Co.
Practice Confined to
Varicocele cured in one week
V at office - or f° ur weeks' home
f/\\^^^yfA\. treatment. Stricture cured by
7 M\ s>/jL Ns. painless electricity. Discharges
/ \S$$dOZZ/Jh VSfc. cured by the irrigation njethod.
f v->\ All forms of weakness a spe-
\ \* /// v^v clalt y-
\ lf*\/l // Correspondence Invited.
'\ // W7 Market Street, Comer Sixth.
Charged With Cruelty to Animals.
OAKLAND. Jan. 27.— Deputy Constable
Quin'.an la?t night arrested Fred Poock,
Victor Rrmmer. Robert Simpson. W. H.
Domfs and Frank Pedlar on a charge of
crttelty to animals. The three former
were returning from Hay wards, and when
they reached Twenty-eighth avenue they
rn<>t Domes and Pedlar, whom they of
f<»r<?d to bring to Oakland. Just before
they reached the city line Quinlan ap
peared and plac-d them all under arrest.
The men. who are all wpII known in Oak
land, telephoned to Police Judgf Smith,
¦who ordered them released on their own
recognizance. They were driving a double
tc-am. th<* proT><=rty of Remmer, who is a
liveryman.
Banquet to Directors.
OAKLAND. Jan. 27.— D. Edward Col
lins, president of the local Young Men's
Christian Association, has entertained
the directors of that organization at a
banquet at the Hotel Metropole. Those
present at the banquet were: Directors
R. H. Chamberlain. Dr. Brinkerhoff, L.
G. Burpee. D. Edward Collins, J. W.
Stevens, F. B. Cook, G. B. Gray, O. R.
Jones. George Roeth. and Dr. R. F. Coyle,
H. J. McCoy. O. S. Orrlck, Noel H. Jacks,
Rev. C. R. Brown, John W. Stftson. \V.
R. Davis, Alex Martin. Dr. George C.
Pardee, J. B. Richardson, Dr. J. K. Mc-
L/>an, L. F. Alexander and Dr. E. R,
Dllle.
The friends of the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental a»:d
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men win
Suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematura
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can nov
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strensrth
and development Just where It Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cases. A request to tha
State Medical Institute. 32S Elektro"
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. etatlng that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the ;ree
sample will enable them to see how easy
it Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. Tha
Institute makes no restrictions. Any n.an
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefuly sealed in a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers art*
requested to write without delay.
Officers Elected.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 27.— The directors
of the Thirteenth Agricultural District
met this afternoon and organized by elect
ing \V. P. Harkey president, G. R. Eckart
secretary and A. C. Blngham treasurer.
Adjournment was taken until February L
Baseball To-Day.
The last game of the series between the
Lash's Bitters and Heeiemani of Oak
land will be played at Eighth and Ilar
rison streets this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Following is the line-up:
Lanh's Bitters. Position. Heesemaaa.
Russell Pitcher Bulger
Kgar Catcher Shea
Keogan Flirt base Toadr
Collins Second bas» Davis
Dave Bodl« Third bas« Lutgea .
Pmlth Shortstop XV. Kelley
Prockhoff.... Left fleM Kann
Magee Center field Clin»
Perrlne Rlxht field Jim She*
GLEE CLUB DEFEATED
BY THE FOOTBALL MEN
BERKELEY. Jan. 27.— The annual base
ball pame between the glee club and the
football team resulted as disastrously for
the- former as their recent jaunt to the
wfbfoot country. The main features of
the game were the score, 25 to 15, and the
prror.s. which were not computed. The
football battery displayed a show of vul
par professionalism very displeasing to
the Klee club men.
"Aw, don't throw 'em so hard," said
Rrick Morse, "we don't want to play that
way."
Latr-r. however, the singers bracod
themselves and hit Whipple very freely.
Their great difficulty in making the rounds
of the basos was the irrepressible propen
sity of the ranvasbacks for tackling the
runners as they wrnt by. Womble was
a particular offender in this respect. He
fwrmd to dive for a man's knees ts in-
Ftinctivfly as a cat j'imps at B. mouse.
The tf.'ims lined up as follows: *
Gl^e flub. P^itions. Football Team.
prhu?t»r Catrhrr Prinele
Hoffman Pitcher Whipple
Jlorse Short Ftop Athearn
Osraont First base Smith
Black Second base Hall
White Third bane Kaarsburg
Huffman Left field Wombl e
.Turk Center fipld Hill
Hardy Right field Muma
In —6 6 7 5 6 8 5 6 7— 66— 109
H. F. Knowle*.... Out— S 77 5 57 7 7 B—6l
, ? In -6 5 7 4 5 8 9 6 8-SS-119
L. O. Ke110gg....... Out— 4 6 5 6 7 5 5 5 7— T.O
In —6 6 5 *> 5 6 6 5 6—51—101
T. R. Hutchinson. Out— 7 5 6 7 S 5 8 6 7—69
' 1n— 45845655 7— 49— 10S
S. I* Abbot Jr.'s score of 37 and W. P
Johnson's of 40 for the first round are for
eeven holes only; eleven should be added
to Abbot's score, bringing it up to 48, and
12 to Johnson's, making it 52. The best
complettd rounds were Abbot's 46 and J.
W. Byrne's 47 for the first nine holes.
The Oakland team was entertained at
luncheon in the clubhouse before the
match began, and refreshments -were
FOR FREEDOM
IS TRIED AT
UNION PARK
The Great English Greyhound
Runs in Great Form.
Other Courses.
J. 11. Rosseter's celebrated Imported
greyhound For Freedom was tried out
yesterday at Union Coursing Park. It was
his first course since he won the John
Grace challenge cup last February. He
has had only rough preparation, and is far
from being on edge, yet he ran In great
form. Ho was tried with J. Murnane a
Wildwood, which he led by five lengths
to the hare. He ran up a score of 13 to
4, showing the speed all the way. As it
was not deemed advisable to run the big
dog too long, a number of relief dogs
were released. He outfooted these until
the hare was killed.
He will be given another opening up
run this 'afternoon.
• Over one hundred courses were run
yesterday. There was an unusual number
in which the dugs ran unsighted on their
game owing to weather conditions. In
addition to. this there were a number of
undecided courses where the score was
equal. There were many surprises in the
running, iiohe, which won tne big open
stane last Sunday, was beaten by Beauty
Spot. Bohe ruled a 4 and 5 to 1 favor
ite in the betting. Vanity Fair, which ac
counted for the Wednesday stake, was
beaten by Aeneas. Vanity Fair was fa
vorite at 2to 1. Narcissus beat Target, at
3 to 5; Kid McCoy beat Peplta, at 1 to 2;
Ben's Babe beat Black Bess, at 2 to o;
Lexington beat Motto, at 1 to 2; Lav
ender beat St. Michael, at 1 to 2; lowa
Maid beat Wildwood, at 1 to 2; Rose of
Tralee beat Mose, at 1 to 5; Betsy Bar
row beat Whiskey Hill, at 1 to 6. Merci;
less beat Buxton. Ripple beat Santonin.
Grafter beat Little Sister, and Boney Boy
heat Mt. Ida, all at 1 to 2.
Recording Angel showed brilliant form
in her course with Julius Caesar, shutting
out the San Jose dog pointless. She meets
Whitehead, one of tne stars of the Lo
pez kennels, to-day, and must extend
ner.«elf to win. E. Geary's Ireland and
lOrin showed high class form. Both
stakes have an open look and should pro
vide good sport until the final flag goes
up. The detailed results with th 3 official
scores follow:
Puppy stake- Lande & Gerber's Rlenzi beat
P. Reuly's Lady Granite, 4—o; Pasha Kennels
May Hempstea.l beat J. Martenets Bernal Boy,
11— S; HartWs Bros." Baron Blood beat Pasha
Kennels' Kun Ashore, 14—0; J. Martenefs Slim
beat J. Smiths Master Workman. 6—l; J. \\at
kins' Merciless beat J. H. Perigo's Querlta \ in
tent. 12— 6; J. Martenets Buxton beat i. Wat
kins' Nadine, 14—3; J. Martenefs Bill Foster
beat Lande & Uerbers Concord, 3—o: P. J.
Keilly's Koyal Union beat W. C. Glasson s
Sleigh Belle, 3—l; G. Buehn's Aloha beat J.
Alloways Brian Boru, 12—7; J. Moriaritys
Snapper Garrison beat F. Brink's Thunderbolt.
s^—o; Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne ran a bye.
Honest Abo being withdrawn; M. Dunlea's Eiln
heat Bartels Bros." Banner Bright, 10—2; J.
Watkins" Merciful beat J. Martenet's Sally
Brass. 4—l; J. J. Edmonds' Go On ran a bye.
Blower being withdrawn; Pacha Kennels' Reck
less Archer beat G. Buehn's Monogram. 13—10;
Al Austins Bohemian Girl ran a bye. Red Rose
being withdrawn; Bterl A Knowles' Rippl* beat
F. C. Patterson's Fire Laddie. 2S— 7; W. C.
Glasson's Santonin beat G. Pinto's Mischief,
6—5; P. J. Kelly's Grafter beat John Field's
Sea Wave. 9—5; C. L. Appleby"» Little Sister
beat J. P. Thrifts Thoughtless Beauty, 9—l;9 — I;
George Lahusen's Firefly beat J. Mortality's
Jimmie Anthony, 26—12; Bartels Bros.' Betsey
Barrow beat J. J. Edmonds' Whisky Hill. 19—2;
C. L. Applebys Sir Pasha beat J. Hurley's
Richmond Crest, 14— S; M. Dunlea's Fenian
Boy beat Caveney & Joy's Juliette, 4—3; F. C.
Patterson's Fire Queen beat Georg* Plnto'l
Glad Hand. 8—1; J. Klernan's Bowery Boy beat
G. Sharmans Wait a Bit, 15—12; P. McCabe's
Boney Boy beat T. Britt's Yucatan, li— I;
Lande & Gerber's Mount Ida beat J. U. Pari
go's Pennegrant. 10— Ol
Second round— Rlenzl beat May Hemp#t«a.l,
S— l; Baron Blood beat Slim. 14— «: Merciless
beat Buxton, 14—2; Royal Union beat Bill Fos
ter, 12 — 5; Snapper Garrison beat Aloha, 11 — 7;
Royal Anne beat Erin. 13—6; Go On beat Mer
ciful, 6—4;6 — 4; Reckless Archer a bye; Bohemian
Girt, drawn; Ripple beat Santonni, 28— 12; Graf
ter beat Little Sister. 4—2; Betsey Borrow beat
Firefly, V— 2; Sir Pasha beat Fenian Boy, 12—9;
Bowery Boy beat Fire Queen, 7—2; Boney Boy
beat Mount Ida. ft— o.
Open stake— R. L. Taylor'* Beauty Spot beat
J. H. Perlgo's Bone. 9—5; Curtis & Son's Nar
cissus beat J. P. Thrift's Forget. 10—7; H.
Lynch's Lottie M beat-D. J. Healey't Grenada,
15—11; E. M. Kellugg-s Kid McCoy beat R. E.
de B. Lopez's Peplta, 6— (; Bartels Bros.' Bens
Babe beat J. DU-kson's Black Bess. E— o: Cur
tis & Son's Commodore beat T. J. Harrington's
Beau Peep, 4—o;4 — 0; 11. Lynch's Lexington beat
F. A. McComb's Motto, 5—2; J. R. Smith's
Sylvanus beat Al Austin's Los Angeles, 6—2;
J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat E. Baumelster'u
Winning Ways, IS— 5; Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas
beat Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair, 4—2: Curtis
& Son's Cavalier beat P. ReiUys Richmond
Queen. s—o; Curtis & Son's Cash beat Sterl &
Knowles' O'Kara, 11—2; Pasha Kennels' Rol
licking Airs beat Curtis & Son's Echo. 14 — 4;
Bartels Bros.' Mac's Melody beat P. J. Rellly"s
Ploughboy. 6—l; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured
beat Captain Clarkson's Blackhawk, a— 2: J. R.
Smith's Jennie Wilson beat H. Lynch's Mystic
Maid. 10—7; J. Cairn's Gladys Weller beat
Pasha Kennels' Round About. 8— «; P. Reilly's
Expense beat J. Muller's Rox. 5—3; E. M.
Kellogg's Sweet Emma beat H. C. Nichols'
May Herschel. 9—3: Curtis & Son's McKlnley
beat H. G. Nichols" Yreva. 10—0; Bterl &
Knowles' Rusty Gold beat O. Muller's Sensa
tion, 7—o; J. M. Haltons Lavender beat J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael. 7-5: J. R. Smiths Pe
trontus beat Gus Abercromble's Miss Rabbit.
4— «; J. R. Smiths Magic beat W. Cairn's Im
perial. 11—9; T. J. Cronin'n Thorrihlll beat J.
J. Edmonds' Morning Glory. s—o; R. E. de B.
Lopez' s Sara a bye. Tic Tac drawn; Sterl &
Knowles' Sleety Mist beat Kay Bros.' Hawker,
5—3: Erwin & Lyons' May Queen beat J.
Muller's Cadenza, 6— «; R. E. de B. Lopes' ¦
Whitehead beat G. Sharman's Miss Skyrocket.
7—3; Patha Kennels' Recording Ange: be»t
Russell Allen & Wilson's Julius Caesar, *— 0;
Gus Ab'ercrombie's Rock Island King beat E.
Baumelster's Warrior. 4—o; B. Gearys Ireland
heat J. Martinet's Bernal Chief. 15—7; E. M.
Kellcgg'B Ifiwa Maid beat J. Murnana's Wild
wood. s— l;^E. Geary's Palo Alto beat W.
Creamer's Jesse Moore. 3—2; J. Hunter's
Bloomfleld a bye, Auckland withdrawn; J. H.
Harrison's Hot Haste beat Pasha Kennels'
Sylvia. 20—6; T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee
beat It. L. Taylor's Mose. 5—3:5 — 3: J. R. Smith's
Victor beat F. A. McComb's One Spot, *— 6;
Rußsell. Allen & Wilson's Master Clair beat J.
Muller's Morcorita. 14—2: P. J. Reilly's War
ship beat Kay Bros." Dudley Diamond. 11—12;
Ed Evatt's Hurricane beat M. B. Kavanaugh's
Hard Lines. 4—l; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy beat
Erwln &. Lyons' Stiver Lyon, 4—l; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Carmenclta beat J. Watkins' Gladia
tor, 5 4; r. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa
beat P. Reilly's Master Mat, 3—l.
Julius Horn's Bona has whelped a litter
of eleven puppies to J. H. Rosseter's For
Freedom. One died of Inanition, but the
others are thriving.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
The usual Saturday crowd witnessed
some good sport In the run-down of tha
open stake yesterday at Ingleslde Cours
ing Park. The day's results follow:
Open stake— E. M. Kellogg* s Hummer beat R.
E. de B. Lopez & Son's Minneapolis, 16—9; Oon
nell Bros." Dunmore beat W. J. Browning's
Mountain Belle, 9—5; J. H. Perigo's Pretty Girl
beat C. L. Austin's Firm Foe. «— 1; Lowe &
Thompson's King's Borderer beat J. Keenan'a
Blacklock, 11—5; H. Lynch' s Loiterer beat Cap
tain C Anderson's Defiance, 17— \2; J. O'Shea's
Young America beat A. Johnson's Bald Eagle,
7—3; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Chicago Boy
beat James Hurley's O X Capitol. 7—l: A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat Joe Perry's
Sweet Belle. 6—2; H. A. Deckelman's Gleij
Chloe beat Curtis & Son's Vulcan, 11—2; R. E.
de B. Lopez & Son's Arrow beat F. C. Mack's
Black Pattl, »— 2; M. Michallk's Glenroy beat
H. H. Gray's Rona, 7—3; H. Lyneh'B Benicia
Boy beat Connell Brew.' St. Helan, s—o; James
Dean's Connemara beat R. E. de B. Lopez &
Son'a McGregor. 12—9; Connell Bros.' Mamie
Pleasant beat E. *G. Fallon's Al, B—6; T. J.
Cronin's Wild Tralee beat J. Heaney's Hark
away 11. 6—o; Curtis & Son's Maud S beat W.
Glasson's Terrona. 17—6; N. P. Whiting's Min
neola beat G. J. Panario's Highflyer, 16—0;
Lowe & Thompson's Little Fullertoa beat Con
nell Bros.- Happy Thought. 15—9; T. J. Mc-
Hugh's Moss Rose beat J. Strehl's Three
Cheers. 15— 4; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat L.
Wiggins' Dexter P, 11—1; Kelly & Hanley's
Baby King beat Curtis & Son's Flying Fox,
22—14; J. H. Perigo'a Lady Davenport beat
J. Seggerson'B Gold Hill. 7—o; Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Daisy Claire .beat J. Dean's Mialmo,
7—4: J. H. Perigo's Controller beat 11. A. Deck
elman's Old Glory. 7— 3: Connell Bros." Senorit>»
beat Captain Kane's Mira Monte, t— 3; H. H.
Gray's Terrnnette beat E. M. Kelloggs Lady
Gilmore. 4—2; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Belle
Claire beat J. Holden'a Scottish Chief, 3—l; T.
Logan's Mlas Grizzle beat T. J. Cronln'a De
pend 00. Me. 4—2; F. Moran's False Flatterer
beat J. Ronnirg's Lady Geraldine. 7—l; P.
Heran's Martha Washington beat George
Smart's SUkwood, 18 — • ; E. M. Kellogg's lowa
Boy beat J. N'evln's Nellie N, «— 2: D. Toland'«
Twilight Jr. . beat J. Keenan's Royal Oak.
11— «; H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot beat J.
Dean's Glide, II— 7; T. J. McHugh's Maid of the
THE SAX FBAXOISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Saturday, January 27. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
«M>4. FIRST RACE— Seven turlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400
Time— H, :13H: *>. :37: %. \M\; T4. 1:27»4- Poor start. Won cleverly, second and third driv
ing. Winner, John MeCaffery's br. c, by Fordham-Old Mif*. Tuthlll nicely ridden. Lim
erick did his best. Mont Eagle cut off on back stretch. Essence no chance after start.
Scratched— Andrisa 114. _„_
605. SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $350
Time— V». :24'^; %. :48U: fc. 1:13%. Good start. Won. easily, second . eapily, third driving.
Winner. J. G. Brown k Co.'s eh. g.. by Red Iron-Lily Wright. Winner delayed start by
his unruly actions. He has an assortment of speed. Itedwald cut oft* on back stretch by
McWhlrter. Gundara received wretched handling. Scratched— Lady Britannic 107, Coming
Event 99. Burdock 101, Installator 113, Ziska 99.
«{»<{. THIRD RACE— Three furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400
Time— H. :12%; %, 36U. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, 11. T.
Griffin's br. c, by Fitzjames-Repartee. Levy has nice action, and had considerable to
spare. Game Warden took kindly to the game. Grafter crowded some at the end. Woe
full will win soon. Scratched— St. Rica 105. ,
G97. FOURTH RACE— One mile; Liseak Handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $1500
Time— V*. ¦W/k; Vt, :49; ?4. 1:M; mile. 1:39. Bad start. Won driving:, second and third driving.
Winner, B. Schreiber's br. h., by Hayden Edwards-Bettle Blaise. Winner could do the same
thing over again. Flamora, away none too will, was timed In 1:35%. r>r. Sheppard beat the
gate. Tenny kicked by winner while at the post. Dr. Nembula refused to break, delaying
start some minutes. Bannockburn pulled up a trifle lair.c. »Coupled with Dr. Sheppard.
Scratched— Formero 102, Imperious 98, Ventoro 112. Flower of Gold 102. Installator 103, Tel
lowtall 113, St. Cuthbert 99. Constellator 90, F. W. Brode 108. Tlnrtemaker lIS.
G»8. FIFTH RACE— SU furlonga; free handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse. »400.
Time— U,. :24K; %, :48; %. 1:12V4- .Good start. Won cleverly, second and third driving. Wln
ner, W. B Jennings & Co.'s eh. g., by imp. Sir Modred-imD. Oran. Bendoran never out of
a «rallOD. Walsh on JCovla had waiting orders.
OOI>. SIXTH RACE-One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Time— M. :25; H, :49%; %. 1:15*4: mile, 1:42. Good mart. Won rldlen out, second and third driv
ing. Winner, E. E. Edwards' eh: g., by Imp. Brutus-The Swayback. Florablrd should have
won; Bhe was away none too well and tried hard w run out. • Saul found th» route too far
CITY GOLF
TEAM WINS
HANDSOMELY
San Francisco Cracks Defeat
Oakland Visitors "26 Up"
on Presidio Links.
The first game of the second series of
matcnes between teams representing the
San Francisco and Oakland Golf clubs
was played yesterday afternoon on the
Presidio links and ended in an easy vic
tory for the home team. Not one of the
Oakland eight scored against his oppo
nent, and the winning team came in 26
up. G. D. Greenwood and H. D. Pills
bury played tne closest game,, tying each
other on match play and making exactly
the same number of strokes— fifty — in
each round. For the winners S. L. Ab
bot Jr. made the best score, beating W.
P., Johnson 6 up. The course and greens
were in pretty good condition, though the
fair green is a good deal j cut up by the
hoofs of artillery horses and tne wheels
of field guns. 11. B. Goodwin of the San
Francisco Golf Club and E. R. Folger of
the Oakland Golf Club opened the match;
both drove short and barely cleared tha
bunker, and both topped their second
shots; after which their play became
steady. In the first nine holes E. R.
Folger beat H. B. Goodwin 1 up, both
players putting somewhat poorly. In the
second round Goodwin gained five holes
on Folger, and thus ended the eighteen
holes 4 up. The score is given by holes
below:
The score as shown by the table was
26 up In favor of the San Francisco team,
and may turn out to be 27. if a protested
hole Is given in L. O. Kellogg'B favor. The
San Francisco Club has a ground rule
that a ball lying on the fair rreen in a
hole so deep that a club placed over it
will not touch it may be dropped without
penalty. I>. O. Kellogg's ball was in such
a hole, but a little outside of the cut
course; he picked it up and. dropping it
behind him. played on without penalty.
On behalf of the Oaklanders it is contend
ed that the rule refers only to a ball on
the fair green and that the. ball in ques
tion was off the course. The protest will
be decided by appeal to the rules commit
tee of the United States Golf Associatiun.
The scores by strokes are shown in the
following table, the first-named player of
each couple being the San Francisco rep
resentative and the second named being a
member of the Oakland team:
H. B. Goodwin Out— 7 S 4 4 6 5 7 6 7—50
In —7 5645454 5—45— 85
E. R. Folgrer Out— € 5 6 4 5 6 8 6 T— £o
In —7 6756664 6— 61— 101
S. I* Abbot Jr Out— 6 5 6*6555 •- T^7
In -64545564 7—48- S3
W. P. Johnson..... Out— 6 57•6 ? 7 6 •— 40 *
In — 66655665 7—sl— 91
R. H. Gaylord Out— 6 6646 6 5 4 6—48 •
1n— 66655764 6—6 l— 39
J. C. McKee Out-« 9 6 6 4 8 6 6 7—55
In —7 7455666 6— 55— 107
H. D. Pill&bury.... Out— S 7664 4 6 5 7—60
In —66664665 6—50—100
G. D. Greenwood.. Out— 7 6 6 4 6 5 6 6 6—50
In —66646665 6— WV— lOO
diaries Page Out— s 7 7 5 6 4 5 5 6—49
In —568664 7 6 7— 52— 101
F. S. Etretton Out— 6 7 6 6 5 7 6 6 7—52
In — 86756466 6-r5S— lO3
J. "Vv". Byrn« Out— s 6 6 4 4 5 6 6 7—47
In —7 6675667 6—55—102
P. O. Gow Out— 7 6 7 5 5 9 7 6 6—68
. In— 7 6745666 6—50—108
E. J. McCutchen.. Out-8 6666 6 6 6 7-63
24
Holes Holes
Ban Fr'nc'sco. up. Oakland. up.
H. B. Goodwin. 4 E. It. Folger.... 0
S. L. Abbot Jr. . 6 W. P. Johnson. . 0
R. 11. Gaylord.. 4 J. C. McKee..... 0
H. D. Piltsbury • G. D. Greenwood •
Charles Page 1 F. 8. Stratton... 0
J. W. Byrne... 4 P. G. Gow 0
E. J. McCutchen 6 H. B. Knowles.. 0
L. O. Kellog-g... 2 T. R. Hutchlns'n 0
i I
Total I 26 jl Total | 0
•Tied.
I
ndex. Horse. Weight. | St.
_%«»¦_
_%m 1 _
»;m.
*Stl .
_FJn._
\
j Jockeys.
IBettlnar.
JOp._ CX
(527) Tuthill 107 1
(646) I,!merlck 107 2
(631) Mont Eagle K'3 4
(217) Essence 105 5
633 Antolnetta 102 3
653 Daniel 104 6
2 X
1 2
4 3
6 tt
3 2
8
2 2
1 H
4 1
5 h
3 Vi
6
22
I s **
3 h
4 1
r. 3
6
1 h
2 4
4 10
3 h
52
6
1 %
2 1
3 1
4 8
6 6
6
Vittltoe
E. Jones
Jrnkir.B
Bullman
Heinson
W. Hfnnessey
. 6 16-5
2 16-5
. S-5 3
. 6-2 4
. 10 25
r 30 ioo
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
Vim.
him.
_%m^_
Etr.
Fin.
_[__Jockey». |
J°Pi_
Cl.
667 Diomed. 3 101 2
(671) Redwald, 3 10S 6
683 L. B. McWhlrter. 3.10S 4
(657) Norford. 3 104 «
67S Harry Thatcher, 3. mi 3
664 Gundara. 3 103 I
(640) First Shot. 3 105 7
i i
3 h
?*
5 M
6 H
4 Vi
1 1H
4 H
2 1
6 1
3 h
7
6 H
1 2
3 2
2 14
4 1
52
6 3
7
1 S
2 3
3 h
4 2
5 n
65
T. Walsh
Spencer
Jenkins
J. Martin
W. Hennessey
Vittitoe
Bullman
7-10
5-3
10
10
30
8
8
7-5
4
7
10
SO
12
12
ndex. Horse. Weight. |Bt.
Mm.
V»m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
_J Jockeys. |Op. CI.
630 Slg. Levy 113 6
636 Uly Dlkes 110 1
... Game Warden 110 2
685 Grafter 113 5
635 Woeful 108 3
685 Shotaway 105 4
... Aphrodis 110 8
... Parsifal 113 7
... Gladla 110 »
... Peut Etrc 113 10
... Cavanaugh 113 11
2 tt
1 1
3 H
4 2
5 M
6 2
7
8
9
10
11
1 h
S 1
3 1
4 3
5 3
6 h
7 5
8 h
9 1
10
11
Jenkins 4-5 11-20
T. Walsh 5 6
Spencer 4 15
Conley 10 X
Hennessey .... 80 60
Bullman 7 10
Vittitoe 15 20
PigKOtt 12 80
E. Jones 7 20
Heinson 10 100
Henry 30 100
[ndex. Horse. Age. Welgnt.|at.
(661) Bannockburn, 6 12S 2
656 Flamora, 3 96 5
(686) Dr. Sheppard. 6 HO 1]
649 Rosormonde 5 "2 4
673 David Tenny, 6 101 3
686 Dr. Xembula, 4 101 Lett
2 2
3 4
1 6
6
4 2
%m.
2 1
3 2
12Vi
4 n
5
%m. Htr.
2% 2 2
3 SVi 3 3
12 in
* m 4 1M
6 6
inn. | jockeya. [Op.
1 14 Bullman 4-5
2 2 J.Martin...... <
3 5 K. Jonei 4
4 X Jenkins 6
6 B. Boss •
... T. Walßh 9-2
_Cl.
4-5
I
I
t
4
ndex. Horse Age. Weight. |fat.
C6l Beudoran, B 122 1
603 Frank Bell; 4.' 110 3
C 93 Ben Ledl, 4 105 2
(687) Novia. 5....... 110 4
'Am
i.
%m. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeyß. |Op. ci
1 2 O Tl T2 Sp*ncer 1 2-5 J.a
32 33 2h Jenkins 8 I
21% 21 2*i 82 E. Ross 8 li
4 • •¦•* :4 "'.-¦• 4 4 T. Walsh, 4 »-!
ndcx. Horse. Weight. [St. 'Am. Mm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [Op. CL
664 Slsquoc 107 9 92 7J 61 3111 Buchanan .... 10 25
585 Florabird 110 7 (H J« 3h 51 21 Jenkins 3 4
6<<s Aborigine ...107 3 32 -42 41 41 32 E. Jones 15 25
(684) Saul of Tarsus 107 5 22 ; lh 2h 22 4h Sppncer 6-5 13- lS
613 Nance O'Nell 105 1 1 h ' 2 1 11 lh 6h Bullman 6 9-2
671 Hlpponax 110 4 6 2 6 1 8 1 :«%.:• 82- Henry 7 9
653 Choteau 112 11- -81 82 82 71 71 U Turner 10 20
640 FUle dOr .' 105 10 10 H 92 93 82 83 T. Walsh 20 6»
671 MissVera .....105 2 11 11 10 2 94*96 Helnson :. 60 200
543 Mission 110 8 6h Sh 7H 10 4 10 4 Vlttitoe -12 * 10
... TlnK-a-L,ing; 103 8 7 h 10 1 11 11 11 c. Ross 15 60
I
ndex. Horse. Weight. | St.
_%«»¦_
_%m 1 _
»;m.
*Stl .
_FJn._
\
j Jockeys.
IBettlnar.
JOp._ CX
(527) Tuthill 107 1
(646) I,!merlck 107 2
(631) Mont Eagle K'3 4
(217) Essence 105 5
633 Antolnetta 102 3
653 Daniel 104 6
2 X
1 2
4 3
6 tt
3 2
8
2 2
1 H
4 1
5 h
3 Vi
6
22
I s **
3 h
4 1
r. 3
6
1 h
2 4
4 10
3 h
52
6
1 %
2 1
3 1
4 8
6 6
6
Vittltoe
E. Jones
Jrnkir.B
Bullman
Heinson
W. Hfnnessey
. 6 16-5
2 16-5
. S-5 3
. 6-2 4
. 10 25
r 30 ioo
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
Vim.
him.
_%m^_
Etr.
Fin.
_[__Jockey». |
J°Pi_
Cl.
667 Diomed. 3 101 2
(671) Redwald, 3 10S 6
683 L. B. McWhlrter. 3.10S 4
(657) Norford. 3 104 «
67S Harry Thatcher, 3. mi 3
664 Gundara. 3 103 I
(640) First Shot. 3 105 7
i i
3 h
?*
5 M
6 H
4 Vi
1 1H
4 H
2 1
6 1
3 h
7
6 H
1 2
3 2
2 14
4 1
52
6 3
7
1 S
2 3
3 h
4 2
5 n
65
T. Walsh
Spencer
Jenkins
J. Martin
W. Hennessey
Vittitoe
Bullman
7-10
5-3
10
10
30
8
8
7-5
4
7
10
SO
12
12
ndex. Horse. Weight. |Bt.
Mm.
V»m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
_J Jockeys. |Op. CI.
630 Slg. Levy 113 6
636 Uly Dlkes 110 1
... Game Warden 110 2
685 Grafter 113 5
635 Woeful 108 3
685 Shotaway 105 4
... Aphrodis 110 8
... Parsifal 113 7
... Gladla 110 »
... Peut Etrc 113 10
... Cavanaugh 113 11
2 tt
1 1
3 H
4 2
5 M
6 2
7
8
9
10
11
1 h
S 1
3 1
4 3
5 3
6 h
7 5
8 h
9 1
10
11
Jenkins 4-5 11-20
T. Walsh 5 6
Spencer 4 15
Conley 10 X
Hennessey .... 80 60
Bullman 7 10
Vittitoe 15 20
PigKOtt 12 80
E. Jones 7 20
Heinson 10 100
Henry 30 100
[ndex. Horse. Age. Welgnt.|at.
(661) Bannockburn, 6 12S 2
656 Flamora, 3 96 5
(686) Dr. Sheppard. 6 HO 1]
649 Rosormonde 5 "2 4
673 David Tenny, 6 101 3
686 Dr. Xembula, 4 101 Lett
2 2
3 4
1 6
6
4 2
%m.
2 1
3 2
12Vi
4 n
5
%m. Htr.
2% 2 2
3 SVi 3 3
12 in
* m 4 1M
6 6
inn. | jockeya. [Op.
1 14 Bullman 4-5
2 2 J.Martin...... <
3 5 K. Jonei 4
4 X Jenkins 6
6 B. Boss •
... T. Walßh 9-2
_Cl.
4-5
I
I
t
4
ndex. Horse Age. Weight. |fat.
C6l Beudoran, B 122 1
603 Frank Bell; 4.' 110 3
C 93 Ben Ledl, 4 105 2
(687) Novia. 5....... 110 4
'Am
i.
%m. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeyß. |Op. ci
1 2 O Tl T2 Sp*ncer 1 2-5 J.a
32 33 2h Jenkins 8 I
21% 21 2*i 82 E. Ross 8 li
4 • •¦•* :4 "'.-¦• 4 4 T. Walsh, 4 »-!
ndcx. Horse. Weight. [St. 'Am. Mm. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [Op. CL
664 Slsquoc 107 9 92 7J 61 3111 Buchanan .... 10 25
585 Florabird 110 7 (H J« 3h 51 21 Jenkins 3 4
6<<s Aborigine ...107 3 32 -42 41 41 32 E. Jones 15 25
(684) Saul of Tarsus 107 5 22 ; lh 2h 22 4h Sppncer 6-5 13- lS
613 Nance O'Nell 105 1 1 h ' 2 1 11 lh 6h Bullman 6 9-2
671 Hlpponax 110 4 6 2 6 1 8 1 :«%.:• 82- Henry 7 9
653 Choteau 112 11- -81 82 82 71 71 U Turner 10 20
640 FUle dOr .' 105 10 10 H 92 93 82 83 T. Walsh 20 6»
671 MissVera .....105 2 11 11 10 2 94*96 Helnson :. 60 200
543 Mission 110 8 6h Sh 7H 10 4 10 4 Vlttitoe -12 * 10
... TlnK-a-L,ing; 103 8 7 h 10 1 11 11 11 c. Ross 15 60
Holes Holes
Ban Fr'nc'sco. up. Oakland. up.
H. B. Goodwin. 4 E. It. Folger.... 0
S. L. Abbot Jr. . 6 W. P. Johnson. . 0
R. 11. Gaylord.. 4 J. C. McKee..... 0
H. D. Piltsbury • G. D. Greenwood •
Charles Page 1 F. 8. Stratton... 0
J. W. Byrne... 4 P. G. Gow 0
E. J. McCutchen 6 H. B. Knowles.. 0
L. O. Kellog-g... 2 T. R. Hutchlns'n 0
i I
Total I 26 jl Total | 0
•Tied.Lumbermen Banquet.
The RetairLumber Dealers' Association
of San Francisco held its eecond annual
banquet last night at Delmonico's, and
although there was not the full attend
ance that was expected, the affair was a
success in every particular. The table
was stocked with all of the good things
the season provided and some of the city's
cleverest entertainers were on hand to
lighten matters and make the evening go
off as gayly as It should.- The toasts, and
there were many of them, were all on
"lumber" and were highly interesting. It
was after the hour of nightly explana
tions when the last speech was made and
the affair broke up.
jacket, where the power of control every
where — to every one. is from without.
"We are standing in a country to-day
that we have discovered has two shores.
We have turned about and our back yard
has b»"?ome our front yard. And this just
at a time when we have reached the age
of discretion and are ready to settle the
now questions that have come up."
The Kb. -11 rooms were prettily decorated
for the afternoon under the direction of
Mrs. David Gage, Mrs. D. Titus, Mrs. W.
M. Duval, Mr 3. Albert H. Davis, Mrs.
Arthur H. Breed and Mrs. Edward Booth.
The decorations were in the national col
ors. Tea was served after the address by
Mrs. J. W. Musser, Mrs. Henry Sturte
vant and Mrs. Henry R. Taylor, assisted
by sevral young ladies.
The hostesses of the afternoon were:
Mrs. C. L. Adsit. Mrs. C. W. Armes Jr..
Mrs. R. H. Allen, Mrs. Thomas Bennet,
Mrs. Edward Booth. Mr». Arthur H.
Breed. Miss M. R. B;ibson. Mrs. S. W.
Chubbuch. Mrs. W. M. Duval. Mrs. J.
T. Dille, Mrs. Albert G. Davis, Miss Julia
Fraser, Mrs. Ronald P. Gleason, Mrs.
David Gage. Mrs. Giles H. Gray, Mrs.
James B. Hume. Mrs. R. M. Lymaii, Mrs.
J. W. Musser. Mrs. Walter Manuel, Mrs.
Mary E. Ma thews, Mrs. Fred A. Merritt.
Dr. Annie L. Miller. Mrs. E. W. Owen,
Mrs. Henry Stutevant, Mrs. Daniel Titus.
Mrs. H. R." Taylor. Mrs G. A. Wlllard and
Mrs. Georgp D. Hildebrand.
torpedo station were shut down this aft
ernoon for an indefinite period from lack
of coal. Large orders for coal were placed
pome months ago, but lack of transporta
tion facilities has prevented its delivery.
It Is not known whether the fuel Is on
the way here or not. Forty machinists
are aftected by the shut-down.
Dies Under the Surgeon's Knife.
LINCOLN, 111., Jan. 27.-A telegram
was received here to-day announcing the
death at his home in St. Louis, following
an operation for, appendicitis, of Dr. D.
M. Harris, editor of the St. Louis Ob
server, a Cumberland Presbyterian
paper, and formerly vice president of
Lincoln University.
Death of a Prominent Mason.
SALINA, Kans., Jan. 27.— Jacob DeWitt,
past grand commander, Knights Templar,
and past grand high priest and past grand
master, P. and A. M.. of the State of
Kansas, died to-night of pneumonia, after
a brief illness.
Colonel John Horn by Dies.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Jan. 27.— Colonel
John Hornby, president of the Fort
Worth and Rio Grande Railroad, died
suddenly at his home to-night as the re
sult of a severe cold.
OUR MISSION TO
PREVENT CHINA'S
DISMEMBERMENT
Wheeler Talks to the
Ebell.
>
Oaklasa oace Ban Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway. Jan. 27.
***'"The United States haa a distinct mis
don. It la to prevent the partition of
Cfciiia and help to open up that vast, rich
empire to the world. We can help in
China's assimilation, which means her
evangelization. \y> nave no political m!s
r4on. The making over of this country
into an empire for trade and the gradual
eeirin* of different parts of the world
means our destruction."
These, the closing words of President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler's address before
the Ebell Society this afternoon, brought
to an end one of the strongest ar.d most
Interesting speeches that the new bead of
the State University has yet delivered to
a Pacific Coast audience, and his listeners,
headed by the American history section
of the organization, whose guest Presi
dent Wheeler was, led the enthusiastic
and appreciative applause. The address
was not given a title, but It might have
b«en called a political resume of this
country's history, with reference first to
the Far Kast, then the Mediterranean and
nnally to the England and Russia of to
day. It was thoroughly instructive and
though it might have been delivered to a
colleg-e gathering with more devotedly
educational purposes, was thoroughly en
joyed. President Wheeler said further:
"When J say that America must fear
extension for selfish purposes in the fear
o? her own downfall I want to emphasize
th« fact that she must be faithful to her
fundamental instincts. Responsibility
must ia no case be shifted. It must be
put where it has ever been— on the indi
vidual and on the community. Let local
Interest* have local authority. Cultivate
In the individual whatever is the govern
ing power in him. Self-g overnmer.t ts all
Jmportant. America to-day means, as
much as any other one thing, implicit
trust in a community as to its own des
tiny and fate. We know from the past
that we can have faith in the people of
thi» country.
"In the past we have been afraid of
o-jr politicians. These politicians have
boon a creat bugaboo. They are not
more. For they do not succeed unless the
spirit of the people is with them. We
have never made politics a very serious
busings. But in those places where we
have been earnest we have taken the
politician? in hand. Luet. for instance, a
political trickster put his hand on our
Whooim How quickly do the people feel
the vital touch and rise up to shake it
oft. And in the future be assured that
whorever a politician should not have his
why he will not have it.
"We have come to see how very im
portmnt the .«chool is. We put it first out
h<rc in the West. Down in pome parts
of Southern California, where you won't
*=?*«• a real'.y substantial building" in a long
drive — down on those arid spots. I say
you wi!i find splendid school ho uses. They
form the very center of the life of their
cornmuirtty. So in looking westward
*tros* the Pacific let us ff>nd along with
The missionary and the doctor the school
house. It is the apent that teaches self
poverrrn<T.t. How few of us who are ed
ucated and enlightened know anything
about law. have felt law or sat upon a
jury or bern a witness even? We n*>ed
no poorer of poverning from without. The
power of government is from within.
«"oßtraj=t this with Russia, where the
?-TaT«* mean* th» prison and the straight
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every person who Is a sufferer from nervous
diseases should write the Yon Mohl Co., Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, at once>, and accept their offer
of a Qve days trial treatment free of charge.
This is no O. O. D. or DEPOSIT scheme but a
liberal proposition mado to unfortunate suf-
ferers by this long-established concern, which
i 3 tholargastirnporterof specifiesfor nervous
and sexual diseases in the world.
Tho Vcn 3*ohl Co. has the sole American
rights for Prof. Laborde's French preparation
of "Calthos," the only remedy known to ad-
vanced medical science that will positively
cure nervous debility. This remedy has for
years been usod as a specific in the French
and German armies, and slnca it 3 introduc-
tion into the United States has curod many
thousands of sufferers, and the remarkable
success of the remedy in Enrope has beea re-
peated In this country.
In order to placo thli w.onderf ul treatment
In the hands of every person who suffers the
mental and physical angulsh-of sexual weak-
ness. The Yon Mohl Co., his decided to send a
free trial treatment to all who write at once.
Tho remedy Is sent by mall in a plain pack-
age, and there Is no publicity In receiving ltcr
taklntr it. Accompanying the medicine there
is a full treatise In plain language for you to
read. Take the medicine privately with per-
fect safety, and a sure cure is guaranteed.
Lost vitality creeps upon men unawares.
l)o not deceive yourself or remain In lgn-i-
rance while you are being dragged down by
this insidious disease. No matter what tho
causa may be, whether early ;ibuse<>, excesses
or overwork and business cares, tho results
aro the same— premature loss of strength and
memory, emissions, impotency.varlcocale and
shrunken parts. This speciflle remedy will
cure you at any stage be for© epilepsy resn Its,
with ensuintrconsnmptlon and Insanity. "Cal-
thos" goes directly to the seat of the trouble.
no matter of how long str-nJ 1 n~. and the pa-
tient fe*-ls tho benetit of the first day's treat-
ment. In five days the medicines sent frea
will make yoa feel like a now man.
Tho Yon Siohl Co. often receives the mort
astonishing testimonials from persons who
have taken only live days* treatment. They
have thousands of testimonials from those
¦who have been permanently curod after hav-
iau been »ivcn up by doctors, misled ami
mined in Tiealth t>y disreputable medical
schemers, and when thoy had given up their
last hope for health and happiness. Noscn-
sible Derson ¦will pcrir.lt his namo to bo useil
f or a testimonial as an admi3slonthathe had
any of the diseases for which tho preparation
of "Calthos" is a specific cure. Some Irre-
sponsible advertisers ara using "made-up"
testimonials, but the Yon Mohl Co. Invaria-
bly declines to make public tho names or cor-
respondenca of any yatlents who have been
ca^ed by "Calthos/*
Fivo days* treatment will be placed In yonr
hands free of cost, and you are earnestly
urged for your own sake to send for It with-
out delay. Write to day and send your ad-
dress. It is not necessary to give embarrass-
ing details of your symptons. The book ac-
companying the five days* treatment, will en-
able you to "take the mevllcino in private and
tre:it yourself surcessrully at home; It costs
nothing to try this remedy. It may costyoa
a ereaf.'deal more to let ttal* offereo by. te
t»*lay. Address THE YON MOIIL CO. 1«»3,
CINCINNATI, OaiO. Larpest Import**-* of
Standard Preparations in the Ccit«d states'
Dr. Dunn's Generosity.
OAKLAND. Jan. 27.— Dr. J. P. Dunn,
who attended Police Captain Frank Car
son during his last Ulness, has notified
the Police Department that he Will charge
nothing for his service. The bill ordinar
ily would amount to about $700.
Default of Mrs. Cahill.
OAKLAND. Jan. 27.— A default has been,
entered in the divorce suit of C. C. Cahlll
against Mrs. Margaret p. Cahill of Fruit
vale. The husband alleged extreme cruel
ty as ground for action. The coujie oav«
been divorced four times.
FEDERAL COURT NOTES.
The Federal Grand Jury returned true
bills of indictment yesterday against Ira
Mobs; Frank Scott and Charles P. Scott
for passing counterfeit money and against
Betlro Guadello for making: counterfeit
money.
In the United States District Court As
sistant United States Attorney Banning
moved to dismiss the indictments against
Julian I* Waller of this city and the
UNION MEETINGS
IN WEST OAKLAND
OAKLAND, Jan." 27.— The union gospel
meetings which have been held for the
last two weekß in West Oakland have
proved a great success, and to-morrow
extra Sunday services will be held. To
morrow evening the services will be held
in the Chester Street Church and the Rev.
W. R. Balr will preach on the subject,
"How I Was Converted." Rev. Mr. Balr
was for eighteen years a railroad man
Mass-Meeting of Church People.
ALAMEDA. Jan.- 27.— The churches of
Alameda have arranged for a mass-meet
ing to be held Friday evening, February
2. in the First Methodist Church. A large
attendance is expected. Mrs. Charlton
Edholm. the well-known evangelist, will
deliver a lecture on "The Traffic in G!r!_»
and How to Stop It."
Motorman Dies Suddenly.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27.— John Ryan, for
merly a motorman in Sen Francisco and
on the Telegraph avenue line In this city,
was found dead. in bed tMs afternoon. He
had been sick for some time, but had
called no physlclon. Coroner Mehrmann
held an Inquest to-night and the Jury
found that death was due to heart dis
ease. Ryan was 44 years old. He lived at
230 Forty-fifth street.
May Be Murder.
OAKLAND. Jan. 27.— The preliminary
hearing of Joseph Angelus for the shoot
ing of John R. • Soares at Centerville,
which was s<?t for to-day, has J»een con
tinued indefinitely, owlns; to the condition
of the boy's victim. It is reported that
Soares is very much worse and that the
physicians now fear blood-poisoning. The
present indications are that Angelus will
have to answer to a charge of murder.
SWEET SINGERS TO BE
HEARD IN THE CANTATA
ALAMEDA, Jan. 27.— The sacred- can
tata, "Daughter of Jalrus," will be ren
dered at Christ Episcopal Church next
Thursday evening, February L A short
service with appropriate music will pre
cede the cantata, which will include se
lections from various oratorios by tho
soloists as follows: Mrs. Eva Tenney, so
prano; Miss Margaretha Bruntsch, con
•tralto; E. A. Thornton, tenor; Alfred C.
Read, basso.
The regular choir of the church, con
sisting of men's and boys' voices, will
be assisted by the following sopranos:
Mrs. Eva Tenney, Mrs. Mary Templeman,
Miss Annie Flint. Miss Emilie Mason,
Miss Edythe Parlser, Miss Grace Wastell.
Miss Mamie Park, Miss Mac Bramhall
and the Misses Hebard; contraltos— Miss
Margaretha Bruntsch. Mrs. G. M. Agnew,
Mrs. P. S. Teller, Miss Greenwell. Miss
Mary Jackson, Miss McCqrmlck, Miss
Anderson. Miss Kenny, Mlsa Delnlnger;
tenors— W. A. Mitchell, Charles Katzen
bach, B. E. Remmel, A.Y. Wood, W. A.
Hunter; bassos — Ralph McCormlck, E. F.
Nlssen, M. G. Jones, E. T. M. Eckert, Rea
Hanna, A. C. Read.
"The Daughter of .Jalrus" will be pro
duced under the direction of Donald de P.
Teller. . *&S&&®&3B3m!&8£&&am
CONTEST OF THE
HINDMAN WILL
OAKLAND, Jan. 27.— Attorney Darwin
C. de Golia. on behalf of Harry Monson.
one of the heirs of the estate of the late
Edward Hlndman. to-day commenced a
contest of the latter's will. A codicil to
the will, dated June 16. 1593. disinherits
Mocson, who claims that Hindman was
unduly Influenced. The executors of tha
will are Charles Camden. Isaac T. Mllll
ken and Edward C. Welden and they
have been cited to appear in Judge Hall's
court on April 9. 19<J<>. to show cause why
the will should not be set aside. The es
tate is valued at JUS.OGO.
FRUITS FOR THE
RUSSIAN EXILES
OAKLAND, Jan. 27.— The local relief
committee appointed to send provisions
.to the exiled Russian Quakers, who are
now suffering from famine In British
America, will send several carloads of
dried fruits immediately. Mayor Snow
has been joined In a request to the Ca
nadian Pacific Railroad for free transpor
tation of the fruits by the following: M.
J. Keller of the Oakland Board of Trade,
D. C. Brown- of the Merchants' Exchange,
A. C. Schleslnger, a prominent San Fran
cisco wool merchant; Assemblyman J. A.
Bliss, Rev. J. K. McLean. D. D.. presi
dent of the Theological Seminary; W. G.
Palmenteer of the Central Bank, A. A.
Pennoyer of the firm of Taft & Pennoyer;
Judge John Ellsworth and other parties
in Berkeley and San Francisco.
MRS. HEARST RECEIVES
AT THE UNIVERSITY
Juniors and Sophomores Her Guests
at a Saturday Afternoon
"At Home."
BERKELEY. Jan. 27.— 1n spite of ths
threatening weather a stream of student*
and instructors moved to and from Hearst
Hall this afternoon, in response to Mrs.
Hearst's hospitable invitation to tha
junior and sophomore classes. Aa usual.
Mrs. Hearst received the visitors In per
son, greeting each one as tSe reception
halt was entered.
The attendance at this reception indi
cate that the prevalent impression that
these functions are wholly or chiefly for
the young lady students is wearing off.
There were more men than ladies present
to-day, whereas the co-eds have hereto
fore been in the majority.
Vext Saturday the seniors and graduate
students will be Mrs. Hearst's guests,
after which the receptions will be mora
general. •- '^-'_
MANY PAST PRESIDENTS JOIN.
New Association of Native Sons Ef-
f ects a Permanent Organization.
There was a meeting last night in Na
tive Sons' building of those past presi
dents of parlors of the order who have
decided to join the organization which
came Into existence on the 18th of last De
cember and which is known as the Past
Presidents' Association. The meeting
was called for the purpose of closing the
charter, receiving the report of D. Q.
Troy, Leonard Stone, W. P. Johnson, M.
D. Garratt and J. J. Jamison, the com
mittee on fonstitution and by-laws, and
electing permanent officers.
The meeetlng was called to order by
John A. Steinbach, past grand president.
The report of the committee on permanent
organization, read by Secretary J. J.
Jamison, was adopted as a whole, after
which the following permanent officers
were elected: Judge Charles H. Garoutte,
past grand president, as past president;
John A. Steinbach, past grand president,
as president; Judge Frank J. Murasky of
Olympus Parlor, first vice president; D. A.
Ryan of Pacific Parlor, second vice presi
dent; W. R. Miller of Sea Point Parlor,
third vice president; James J. Jamison of
California Parlor, assistant grand secre
tary, as recording secretary; Adolph Eber
hart of Golden Gate Parlor,, financial sec
retary; Joseph B. Keenan of Niantlc Par
lor, treasurer; Alfred J. Morgenstern of
Halcyon Parlor, marshal; W. P. Johnson
of Sequoia Parlor, inside sentinel; W. H.
Stamels of California Parlor, outside sen
tinel..
The following were then placed In nomi
nation for trustees, seven of whom are
to be elected, and their election was de
ferred until the last Saturday in Febru
ary: C. J. Belloi of San Jose Parlor,
Louis Nonnemann of South San Francisco
Parlor. Martin C. White of Mission Par
lor, Oscar A. Foster of Santa- Cruz Par
lor, Henry Stern of California Parlor,
Judge R. H. McNoble of Stockton Par
lor, D. A. Curtin of Stanford Parlor, J.
H. Nelson of San Francisco Parlor,
George C. Pardee of Oakland Parlor,
Charles T. Rose of Alameda Parlor. Ar
thur Scott of Tamalpais Parlor, D. Q.
Troy of Mission Parlor, James P. Dock
ery of California Parlor, Thomas Flint
Jr. of Fremont Parlor, Henry Faure of
Pacific Parlor and James ;L. Gallagher of
Alcatraz Parlor. . - -
About 200 past presidents have already
joined the association, and as responses
are being received from ellgibles who
have been communicated with it -was de
cided to allow the charter to remain open
one month longer.
D. A. Ryan. ' W. Metzner and G. D.
Clark of Pacific Parlor. Flnley E. Cook
of Nlantic Parlor and Merton C. Allen of
Alcatraz Parlor were appointed a com
mittee to arrange a plan which shall em.
brace a higher parlor or higher degree o"f
the order.
Bradley a Chicago Man.
CHICAGO. Jan. 27.— Captain John B
Bradley, quartermaster of the transport
Hancock, reported wounded in an engage
ment at Lagaspi, Philippine Islands, on
Thursday, is a former resident of Chicago.
He went into the service as lieutenant of
the Seventeenth Regiment, United States
Infantry. He Is the son of T. M. Bradley,
formerly Sheriff of Cook County. Captain
Bradley Is a West Point graduate and
has a family in Seattle, Wash. With oth
ers of his command he volunteered in the
expedition to aid General Kobbe and was
the only officer wounded in the attack.
Rice Famine Threatened.
SAVANNAH. Ga.. Jan. 27.— The order
of the Marine Hospital Service prohibiting
Importations from foreign ports at which
bubonic plague has appeared, has already
affected the rice market. Rice from
Asiatic ports comes especially under the
ban. since it is almost invariably the
case that rats accompany rice cargoes.
Orders are already beginning to be re
ceived for carload lots of rice from San
Francisco and other Pacific Coast ports,
and the price has advanced a half cent
a pound in consequence. The Pacific Slope
demand is supposed to arise from the
large Chinese population.
Lien Released.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— T0-day J. R.
Welch, representing the depositors of the
Union Savings Bank, who have secured a
judgment for over 1350,000, executed a re
lease cf the lien upon property that has
been sold. Other property on the point of
sale will be released on application, so
that nothing may prevent the directors
from paying the 10 per cent dividend on
February L
Mason Asked to Resign.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— 8y an almost unan
imous vote of the old Tippecanoe Club of
Chicago, Senator William E. Mason was
to day requested at once to resign his
seat in the United States Senate, and the
secretary of the club was instructed to
strike his name from the ioll of honorary
members of the organization.
General Stanton's Funeral.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— The remains
of the late General Thomas H. Stanton
arrived here to-day from Omaha. Four
troops of cavalry and a battery of siege
guns escorted the body to Arlington
Cemetery, where the Interment was
made with full military honors. A large
number of army officers, relatives and
friends were In the funeral procession.
Peruvian Town Flame-Swept.
LIMA, Peru, Jan. 27 (via Galveston,
Texas).— A big fire broke out to-day at
I to, a seaport town of Peru, about sixty
five miles southwest of Moquegau. The
Custom-house, postofflce and many other
buildings have already been destroyed,
and the fire is not yet under control.
Found in the River.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex., Jan. 27.— Fred
Leek, a prominent Insurance agent of this
State, was found dead in the river early
to-day. He was probably murdered. The
affair Is a. mystery.
Closed for Lock of Coal.
NEWPORT, R. 1., Jan. 27.— A1l the me
chanical departments at the United States
THOUGHT HE WAS
BEING POISONED
OAICLA>rD, Jan. 27.— A strange form of
Insanity was found to-day In the case of
William Vangent. an aged painter from
Alameda, who was recommended by Dr3.
Keyes and Tlsdale for commitment to an
Insane asylum. Vangent Imagines that
he has some mysterious disease, and ha
has taken so much mercury that he has
become a physical a3 well as a raeni-U
wreck. Of late he has Imagined that ha
was being drugged, and he has sent out
the following announcement, written oa
newspaper wrappers, to his neighbors:
"They are drugging me to death with
mercury out of spite, and they are add
ing to It every night."
Judge Ogden this afternoon refused tr>
commit Vangent. ordering that he be left
in the Receiving Hcapltal for a few day 3
to see If he could not be sent to tha
County Infirmary.
Mrs. Mary Clynes, who thinks she has
received divine inspiration to murder her
sister. Mrs. B. Sullivan, was committed
to the Napa asylum. She has been con
fined for insanity several times.
J The few hints we pub-\
Jlish every week — onlyf
Jserves you as an illustra»-\
'tion of what you may?
Jexpect from our regular?
'prices. J
i Cyrus Xoble Whiskey i
i SS&FSffiW bot 75 ef
x isni it « W© c*n do it— others can't. \
f Becnlar *:.» size. f
Coffee lb pkg 15^
A "Beekin'sboet." A pure Java A
¥ blead, in th« b*rry. ¥
0 Money refnnded to any disap -f
k ' pointed purchaser. a
Raisins.. pound ~ca)
Reached Sultan**— d«kn. A
m Xo »e«»"i:i to won j yon. B
Julian Claret. ..gal 35^
A tfertiarjoc MUd and rich- \
¥ because it is old. 9
o Fancy Brazil Nuts....lb ioc^
a) Pou of white, tweet meat. a)
¥ Be*nlarlsc. ?
Bars pound gc\
0 Good healthy cake f cr children, f
A t r.d eld folks aa trclL A
f Urc&Uy 150 pound. 0
(fjava and Mocha Coffee 0
¥ fffffiSft pound 3 oc^
A by the ttste. A
a Wo offer no rabsti rates. Youa
¥ get exactly what you ask for '
0 It's less profitable to us, bntf
a more pleasing to the boyer. a
Oysters a
\ Carefully racked. , rat ;e o r CA
0 «j©od flavor. 3 C 3 -11
oRoyal0 Royal Savon Soap 0
0 pound bar 8 for 25^
a Good •* Babbitt's, acd very A
¥ much larger bar. f
Catsup 0
{¦ ffift&SST 2 bottles 2 5 c£
A) Pare food, lirrslar 20c i
j^Patna Rice.. l 7 pounds 25ci
* Perfect! j- clean. \ Cooks vrhito. \
Meal pound 4c?
¥ Used for thickening soap. //¦*¦ ¥
A Usually 10c pocad. k
a Cherries in Marischino i
a %£s>* largp bottle 55 C 4
J Puree de Foie Gras y
0 WithTrcfflea. \ „ r rt _ -_ _f
k j. h. Riiaeb. \ 2 tor 25c\
¥ Usually 2 c f
*C. &B. Paste \ 0
{ ?s:££& larjb jar iscsi 5 c$
0 RrgularJyJc \ A)
j)Mudie's Malt \VhisVey.7oc4
1 For your hoalth. RegnlaVsic. i
JEisen's Port Wine \ \
" Ancelicaor rrolVin rrv**
a MuKouei. gaicn soc^
? Regular 730 \ ¥
iri6 Market St. B. 7. Saattnek Ar. Wkeleyi
\Q*Jh A Waeh'B(rton,OaW Central Av.4lttc<yjA\
fKC7 Broadway, " :th & WoydOak f
k-^S^-'^--^''^** "^ "^ -*fc
the light of publicity.
Miss Bowen was . walking toward
Lake Merrltt, just east of Oak street,
yesterday, when she saw a runaway
horse coming down the slight descent.
Behind the horse was a phaeton and
in the phaeton was a woman and a
child. They had lost the control of the
horse and were unable to check his
speed.
It was a very dangerous spot. The
Haywards electric oars run here at a
high speed, and the Twelfth-street
mISS DAIST V. BOWEN of
Oakland stopped a runaway
horse yesterday, saved a
woman and a child, and is
now confined to her home with an in
jured foot, caused by the horse step
ping upon It while she was trying to
stop the animal.
Under these circumstances Miss
Bowen has earned the right to be call
ed a heroine, bvt. like most heroines.
Bhe is very modest about it, and 1b not
anxious that her good deed should see
GENERAL CARLOS EZETA
TO RETURN HOME TO-DAY
Osgood brothers of Oakland charging
them with having sent unmailable matter
through the mails. The motion was made
on the recommendation of. the Postofflce
Inspector, who stated that the needs of
justice did not require their prosecution.
Judge de Haven granted the motion.
and he has issued a special Invitation to
railroad employes to be present. Street
meetings will be held prior to the even
ing services and arrangements have been
made for an overflow meeting, provided
the church cannot hold all those who de
sire to hear the evangelist.
WINTER PICNIC WAS
A COMPLETE SUCCESS
ALAMEDA. Jan. 27.— The "Winter Pic
nic," under the auspices of the ladies of
Unity Circle, came to a close this evening.
The affair was' a decided success.
This afternoon luncheon was served by
the ladles. Then followed children's fancy
dancing and a cake-walk. The partici
pants in the cake-walk were Marguerite
Durney. Clifford Barry, Reta Johns, Le
land Rice, Mabel and Sydney Clark. Anita
Jenkins and Alfred Durney. In the fancy
dancing Miss Florence Levlne danced the
Tarentella, Eugenic Masten and Herbert
Langhorne the Lovers' Quarrel, Florence
Plummer the Highland Fling and Mar
guerite Durney the skirt dance.
The dancing programme, under the di
rection of George H. Murdock, this even
ing included some old-fashioned dances
and a number of the latest for young
people. The sack race at last night's en
tertainment was won by B. C. Brown and
the ladies' spoon race by Mrs. ueorge E.
Plummer. •
dam is near. Miss Bowen did not hesi
tate. She saw the danger and deter
mined to stop the horse. Jumping
into the street, she caught the horse
by the bridle and hung on.
The horse carried the young woman
off her feet, and In the struggle
stepped on her foot, crushing it.- But
the girl hung on to the bridle, and in a
few moments .brought the horse to a
standstill.
The excitement kept Miss Bowen up
until she reached her home, and then
she Trent to bed to nurse her injured
foot, and she is still confined to her
bed.
The young heroine positively de
clined to discuss the matter' to-day.
She made light of her injuries, saying
that. they would heal easily, and both
she and her family refused to give the
name of the woman who was rescued
upon the ground that the rescued
woman did not even know that Miss
Bcwen was injured in the affair. The
facts, they said, were true, but as for
details they begged to be excused from
giving them. ' ¦
WHEELER'S AIM
IS TO ELEVATE
THE STANDARD
None But the Best
Men Wanted.
BERKELEY. Jan. 27.— A prominent
member of the faculty, in speaking to-day
of the policy of the new administration
at the university, said that President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler had outlined a plan ot
action that would set the mlnd3 of tho
taxpayers of the State at rest aa far as
the standard of the university's teaching
force is concerned. It is no secret that
while many men of world-wide repute aro
on the Berkeley faculty there Is too much
material in its composition that ahouM
never have been admitted and retained.
President Wheeler's position on this
point, according to the professor Just
quoted, is simple and unassailable. H*
said flatly before the full faculty that
every promotion made In any department
of the university would be in competition,
with every available man In the country:
that the length of a man's connection
with the institution would not be allowed
to cripple it In the performance of its
duty toward its students. The effect of
such a policy. If carried out as President
Wheeler Is accustomed to do to accom
plish what he sets about, will be radical
and sweeping and will result In time la
establishing ajt the university a teaching
force second to none.
President Wheeler was out of town to
day and so could not be seen with regard
to the report, but Its source Is unquestion
ably reliable.
BEARS A DYING
MESSAGE FOR A
SOLDIER'S LOVE
Romantic Tale by an
Oakland Boy.
Oakland Office San Frar.cl?co Call.
DOS Broadway. Jan. 27.
With a soldier's dying message to a
sweetheart whom he had sought in vain.
Ben Harbor, an Oakland boy, has re
turned to this city from Manila. I: Is a
message of love that Harbor carries,
whispered in his ear by a wounded ami
dying comrade as they were being carried
from the battlefield, and she for whom
the message was intended cannot be
found. • It is known, however, that she
has entered a convent, and an appeai will
be made to the Catholic authorities to as
sist in locating her.
Harbor's story sounds like a romance «f
the olden time. "When the war broke out
he enlisted In the Fourteenth Infantry,
and one of his messmates in the Philip
pines was Guy Rodan. a Kansas boy. who
had left home, friends and sweetheart to
fight for his country. The men became
friends, and on Sunday morning. Febru
ary 5. when the insurgents engaged In
their first fight with the American troops,
they went -into the battle side by side.
A strategic point was blockhouse ' No. 14,
in which there were a number of Filipi
nos, and Company I. Fourteenth Infantry,
under Lieutenant Miles, was sent to
charge it. Both Harbor and Sodan were
members of the company, and both be
came victims of Mauser bullets. They lay
for a time on the battlefield, and finally
they were placed In an ambulance by the
Red Cross men to be conveyed to the hos
pital.
On the Journey to the hospital Soiian
told his friend that he had been shot
through by a Mauser and that he must
surely die. Harbor tried to cheer him.
although he, too, had been shot through
the hip.
"It is no use," said Sodan, feebly, "I
have been shot to death, and I want you
to take a message to my sweetheart, for
I feel that you will live. My sweetheert
is not like other girls. She loves me, and
she will never love any one else. Aly
death will break her heart."
"Hearts of women are not so easily
broken." said Harbor, in another effort
to cheer him. ¦-:, :.. ¦--.
Then, as Sodan became exhausted. Har
bor bent his head and listened to the fare
well message of the dying man. It was a
message to Miss Mabel Lowry, to whom
Sodan had been engaged in Kansas, bfre
had a few weeks before written to hvr
lover that she would Join him In the Phil
ippines, and Sodan was expecting her to
arrive within a few days.
That night the brave Kansan died, ard
for eleven months Harbor lay between life
and death In the hospital at- Manila. When
he was able he was sent back to S«tn
Francisco, and he then commenced his
search for Miss Lowry- In course of tirse
he learned that she had come to Califor
nia, expecting to take passage for the
Philippines, but upon reaching San Fran
cisco she learned through the newspapers
that her lover was dead. At first she
gave up in despair, but at last decided to
give her life to uplifting and helping oth
ers. She therefore took the veil and has
since been buried In one of the convents
about the bay. So far young Harbor's
efforts to find her have not succeeded, but
he hopes to obtain the assistance cf the
Mothers Superior of the various convents.
Miss Daisy V. Bowen Stops a Mad Runaway and
Saves Two Lives at the Risk of
Losing Her Own.
SHE PROVED HER RIGHT
TO BE CALLED HEROINE
PROBABLY FATAL
INJURY RECEIVED
AT BASKET-BALL
Miss Myrtle Montrose
May Not Live.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 27.
"Word has come from Nevada that Mis?
Myrtle Montrose, a member of the Ne
vada basket-ball team, may die as the re
sult of Injuries received while playing bas
ket-ball against the young ladies oC the
University of California. Her condition
Is very serious and demands a third oper
ation, which it is feared the young lady
cannot "survive. This Is the first case of
serious Injury resulting from basket-ball
playing, though there have been many
cases of injury In the masculine equiva
lent, football.
Miss Myrtle Montrose was the leading
member of the Nevada basket-ball team,
and she took a very prominent part In
the game that was played last year be
tween the young ladies of the blue and
gold and the young ladies of the Sage
brush State.
.During the .Interstate game Miss Mon
trose was thrown against a post, and It
was thought that only the bridge, of her
nose had been broken and that the In
jury, while painful, was not serious. The
injury was treated and she returned to
Nevada.
Since that time she has been compelled
to submit to two operations, and a third
is now necessary. The injury has proven
very much more severe tha.n was at first
thought. The bone of the front of th»
skull was fractured in many directions,
and some of the splinters were forced in
ward upon the brain. This might hp.ve
been relieved had the Injury been upon
the top of the head, but being on the
front the danger of operating was very
great.
The Information from Nevada says that
the young lady cannot survive a third op
eration, and that-a third operation will be
absolutely necessary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
ALMEDA OAKLAND BERKELEY NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
Prof. Jules I^aborde's Marvelous
/^WW^% French Preparation of
M \ "CALTHOS"
PPf '^§^ H? For Lost Wanilood *
vl v " 5 Da y s> Treatment
By Sealed Mail.
H| NO 0.0.D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
25
THE EX-PRESIDENT OF SAN SALVADOR AND HIS WIFE
OAKLAND, Jan. 27.— General Carlos Ezeta, ex-President of San Salva
dor, will arrive at. his East Oakland home from Mexico to-morrow
morning at 8:30 o'clock, having failed In his efforts to secure aid in
a San Salvadorean revolution, but having done much in inducing his
Government to refund to himself and wife the vast property Interests which
were confiscated.
Ezeta left his wife and children In Oakland last September and went to
Mexico with the avowed intention of securing help In Mexico for a revolu
tion in San Salvador which would again place him In control. He had not
been In the City of Mexico long, however, before the Minister from San
Salvador, Rafael Zaldivar, heard ol his intentions, and with the aid of
President Diaz of Mexico Induced Ezeta to reconsider his plans, promising
him that the Government of San Salvador would refund all the- confiscated
estate.
Last Wednesday word was received here that Ezeta. had left the City of
Mexico for Oakland. As he had been waiting for several weeks for word
from the San Salvador Government In reference to his demand that his fam
ily property be restored, It Is believed that he has received a definite and
satisfactory reply. The confiscated estate belonging to both Ezeta and his
wife Is valued at several millions of dollars. When he started his revolu
tion some years ago Ezeta was defeated and forced out of the country and
his property seized. The ex-President has quietly run a little bluff on the
Salvadorean Government. He threatened another revolution" and the Gov
ernment purchased peace at the price of returning his property.
The ex-President has been living In Oakland for some years, and this re
covery of his property will be of great interest to many of his friends
here.An Englishman has designed a convertl
ble dining and billiard table, which has
the cushions secured to wooden rails,
which are hinged to the edges of the table
to swing underneath when not In use,
clamps being provided at the ends to lock
the rails In a lowered or raised position.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building, 1170 Market St., cor. Taylor, rooms
28-2S, with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
The greatest skin food and tlasue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the skin firm.
It renders the skin soft. ¦ '
smooth, clear, white and I -W^tT*. >
youthful. It Is a liquid. *j&s«Ase>
Any cr»am of the con- rJsSSWjKSi&a
slstency of butter will >^p*S&«S»'^S%
Btlmulate the growth of JHflK?S[tKp
hair on the face. Brah- Vw^"3> 3! &'SBa'
man Toilet Cream Is «Saf "T r«B
guaranteed not to do so. i!S8« "JKkmK
All druggists and at nV^SfrjflQmF^*
ERSE. M, -D.
a |£ /p*//]| /psxlG (£&ffi* (^ 123 Stockton
o iL^vwlvlllvll i^ll <3>cj Street.
Human Hair Goods.
Hair Ornaments.
Largest hair stock on
the Pacific Coast. Stylss
and quality the best and
prices the lowest.
Switches Monday—
$2.50 Switches for $1.60.
Collegiate Alumnae Meet.
The California branch of th« Association
of Collegiate Alumnae held a business
meeting yesterday morning at Sorosls
Hall, 1620 California street. A luncheon
served at 1 o'clock pleasantly interrupted
Testimonial to Rev. Dr. Rader.
Rev. William Rader, pastor of the Third
Congregational Church, will be tendered a
testimonial next Tuesday evening by
friends who wish to show their esteem for
him prior to his departure for Europe.
The testimonial will be in the form of an
entertainment, to be given at the Young
Men's Christian Association auditorium.
Mason and Ellis streets. Many tickets
have been disposed of and there is every
likelihood of a large attendance. Rabbt
Jacob Voorsanger will deliver a short ad
dress, the Knickerbocker Quartet will ren
der some choice selections, Herbert Will
iam will sing a tenor solo, L. A. Larsen
will render a bass solo, Cyrus Brownlee
Newton, the well-known reader and Im
personator, will entertain; Mrs. Susie
Hert-Mark, the soprano, and Miss Zena
Roberts, a contralto, will sing; Mrs. L. A.
Larsen, a cornetist, will play; MV«. Eliza
beth F. Bartlett will give a reading and
Miss Helen. Hager will play the piano.
Your Gray Hair fnt;
Not Wanted
But there is relief from it. In
Four Days it can be Restored
To Its Natural Color by using
g^^^^M' fa* 3 - MZ£*Frarrizcjd
$%iilFHair Restorer
It Is not a dye, tut in a natural way
It acts on the roots, compelling the .
secretion of the pigments that give
life and color t* the hair— in four
days— si a botfe, at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS
Ml If) "Jtat greatest of all dis-
Hfl 3 X figure men ts of a wo-
¦ ¦¦» turn nan's face, permanently
removed, in (He only successful way
-with the XLECTRIC NEEDLE, as
operated by Mrs. Harrison.
Warts. Fxeckles, Moles, Pimples
and Wrlnties quickly removed under
my persosal treatment at my Dmr-
matologicil Parlors.
MRS. NETTIY" HARRISON,
/ DERMATOLOGIST.
40 an? 42 Geary Strut, San Franolsoo.
Normal Students Initiated.
•In the chapel of the State Normal
School" building on Thursday afternoon
weird and mysterious services were held,
during which the Associated Student Body
of the San Francisco State Normal School
initiated the class of December, 01. After
the exercises a cordial welcome was ex
tended to the "new twelve" who had Just
become members. A delightful pro
gramme and sumptuous repast were en-
Joyed by all, alter which the "Jolly
twelve" walked for a cake, and the honor
was carried off .by Miss Mate Moore. The
new and old members then danced with
much merriment the Virginia reel.
Much of the success of the afternoon is
due to Miss Imogene Stein, president, as
sisted by Misses Anita Sullivan, Eva
Levy, Bertha Moblad, Mac O'Donnell and
Theresa Krohn.
The following were initiated: Misses
Marie Rechter. Mabel Neff. Minnie Cozad,
Mate Moore. Eva Fulton, Elizabeth Nash,
Ida Wllkes, Annie Rodney. Clara Brown,
Martha l iamill, Madge Jackmann and
Miss Allison.
ANCIENT JAPANESE ART.
Valuable and Unique Bronze Vessel
Now on Exhibition.
Among the number of Interesting and
valuable bronzes now on exhibition in the
San Francisco Art Association gallery is
one that Is of peculiar Interest, not alone
on account of- its richness in quality but
also because it Is an actual model of the
type of vessel In use by the Japanese in
the sixteenth and the early part of the
seventeenth century.' The model Itself
was manufactured at some time between
the years IGOS and 1630 for the reigning
Shogun of the Tokugawa dynasty, as it
bears the crest of that family, the oldest
known crest of Japan. It was during this
period that Japanese art was at its high
est degree of excellence, and this speci
men will at once attract the interest of
connoisseurs, owing to the quality of the
bronze and the richness of its design.
The ships in use at that time among the
Japanese were far less seaworthy than
those of European nations. The name In
scribed on the vessel is Hoho Maru, which
no doubt was the name of the Imperial
vessel of which it is the model. It was
designed for and used as an incense
burner.
It came Into possession of Frederic S.
Samuels, the present owner, about twenty
years ago, having been sent to him from
Kioto, Japan, the home of the Tokugawa
family during its reign as regents or the
empire.
Perfect Complexion
DR. STRATTON'S SKIN TONIC Is a
preparation which has been perfected
after years of tireless study and re-
search, and is the most perfect and re-
liable SKIN TONIC known to the
world.
Guaranteed.
It is prepared on entirely new prin-
ciples and nothing of a similar nature
has ever been placed on the market.
It will POSITIVELY REMOVE any
and all blemishes in t*he skin from any
cause. «
No Bleaching!
Some faces that are now positively
repulsive will yield speedily to this
treatment, and a CURE IX EVERY
CASE IS GUARANTEED.
No Steaming!!
Call and investigate. If you live out
of the city send for descriptive pam-
phlet.
DR. LYDIA STRATTON,
507, 508, 509 PARROTT BUILDING,
(OVER THE EMPORIUM.)
TO PROTECT THE CITY.
North Central Improvement Associa-
tion Requests a Guarantee From
Pacific Surety Company.
The North Central Association has re
quested the Pacific Surety Company to
guarantee the city against any claim on
the part of the contractors for the Hall
of Justice that the building had been ac
cepted in case it should be occupied before
It has been -fully completed. In the com
munication Is the following:
"We have been endeavoring to secure
the occupancy of the Hall of Justice, hav
ing filed petitions in that regard with the
Board . of Supervisors and the Board of
Public Works. We learn from you that
the patent locking device for the Jiill
called for by the specifications of the con
tract cannot be placed for at least two
months. In the meantime the hall is prac
tically ready for occupancy, but the ques
tion would arise whether it would not
complicate matters for the city to take
possession of any portion of the building
until the building Is entirely completed
in all Its details and finally accepted by
the city. It might be held as a legal ac
ceptance of the building if partial occu
pancy occurred. We desire to ask you
whether you would guarantee the city
against any such claim being made by
the contractors, or any other party, that
partial occupancy would In any way be
held to be a legal acceptance of the build
ing. With such a guarantee we think
that the city could safely begin to occupy
the building, so that by the time the lock
ing device Is placed the occupation would
be complete/
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
TAILOR SUITS,
JACKETS, CAPES,
SKIRTS, '
AT NEAR TO HALF PRICES.
All this season's best styles and
materials are included in this great
clean-out, an event that appeals most
forcibly to every economical woman.
<B1 X Cid lnstead of $22.50— BLACK
SDItI.UU AND NAVY HERRING-BONE
SUITS, tight fitting, double breasted, stylish
and well madd.
(£7 *\(\ lnstead of $!0 and $' 2 - 50 ~
(Pl.tlU Elegant GOLF CAPES, beauti-
fully stitched, the correct styles, deslrabld
colorings.
<£Q f\f. Instead of * 5 and $6— ALL-
®O»OV WOOL CHEVIOT SKIRTS,
double box plaits, good lining, well made.
<£1 9 K(\ Instead of $20— AMERICAN
®±fy*O\J MINK CAPES, 16 Inches
long, ruffled, handsome silk lining.
<fe7 K(\ '^tead °* $10— SOMETHING
®l»O\J NEW— Good quality KERSEY
FJNCY WAIST JACKETS, handsomely
stitched, lha correct style for the spring.
QK A A Instead of $7.6O— NEW SILK
OtJ.UU WAISTS, latest styles, well
made, newest shades.
CONVERSION OF ST. PAUL.
Solemn Celebration to Be Held in St.
Mary's Church.
The feast of the conversion of St. Paul
will be solemnly celebrated at St. Mary*
(Paulist) Church to-day. The sermon will
be preached by Rev. Father McDonald of
St. Charles Church.
The following musical programme will
be rendered at the solemn services at 11
o'clock a. m. : "Kyrle," "Gloria." "Credo"
and "Agnus Del" from Imperial mass in
D minor (Haydn); "Sanctus" and "Bene
dictus," from "Messe Solenelle" (Gounod);
"Veni Creator" (Gregh); "O Salutans"
(Hummel); "Hallelujah," from "Messiah"
(Handel); meditation arranged for strings
(Gounod-Bach).
Before the solemn mass the orchestra,
under the direction of Eugene E. Schmitz,
will give selections from Moskowski, Ja
dassohn and Leoncavallo.
The soloists will be: Soprano. Miss D.
Cohen; contralto, Miss J. Murphy: mezzo
soprano. Miss E. O'Brien; tenor. Dr. J. J.
Smith; basso, W. Gordon, assisted by the
following:
Sopranos— Misses T. Pauba, M. Hlggins,
E. Tonlni. M. O'Brien, M. Kavanaugh. N.
Johnson. J. Short. M. Cooney, S. Tonini,
M. Norton and Mesdames Newton, Steln
man and Sommer.
Contraltos— Misses H. Ford. M. Johnson,
R. Tonini. J. Ford. A. Manning. C. John
ston, J. McCabe and Mrs. Hart.
Tenors— Messrs. William Moore, William
Rosecrans, William Derham and A. Bagi
oli.
Bassos— Messrs. A. O'Brien, E. Moore.
W. O'Brien, Denis Sheerin and Daniel
Sheerin.
the business. At 2 o'clock the ladles met
again and listened to an Interesting aa
dress by Mrs. A. Bottsford Comstock. as
sistant professor of nature study at Cor
nell University. After the address Mrs.
Comstock and Mrs. Kincald were the
guests of honor at a reception that lasted
from 3 until 5 o'clock.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
HRS. H. HUGO BRANDEIS,
Formerly Miss Lyelq Edelroan of Los Angeles.
hide and wife. Join at Honolulu for Auck
land—C. E. Dadds and J. R. Dadds.
Personals.
Mrs. J. Getz and Mr. and Mrs. Rube
Cohen will be at home the first Friday
evening of every month.
Mrs. A. Badt of Merced is visiting at
1288 Eddy street.
Mrs. George W. Harrison, accompanied
by her two children, has left Seattle and
is now at Portland.
Mrs. Clara Holtz will be at home on
Saturday evening until the close of the
season.
The Elizabeth Cady Stanton Club will
meet at her residence the second Satur
day night of every month. .
Mr. and Mrs. Reed, Miss Reed and Mr.
Thomas Irvin of New York are spend
ing the winter at Hotel Lenox.
Mrs. Otto Shackelford and Miss Lena
James left for Seattle and Victoria on the
26th. They will be gone a mosith.
Mr. and Mrs. John Morrisey have taken
up their' residence at he Palace Hotel,
ilrs. Morrisey will be at home the first
Tuesday of the month. '
Following are the arrivals at Paralso
Springs for the past week: J. T. So
beranes, L. P. Castro, Gonzales: H.
Smith, Soledad; P. D. Brady, Mr. W. J.
Martin and wife, F. Lynch, J. Sullivan. R.
H. Jones. Bert Schlesinger. Mrs. Gedge
and daughter, H. E. McConaughey. R. E.
Bravo, Charles Shoemaker; S. F. Geil,
Miss Linda Geil, P. P. Krough, F. J.
Kessel, P. Steigleman, L. H. Garrigus.
Mrs. Adeline Meyer, who has been in the
city for the past two months, has re
turned to Portland. '¦ _,
Mrs. Emar Goldberg of 2715 Pine street
will receive her friends on the last Mon
day of each month.
Miss Hattie Lanzet and Miss Ida Solo
mon of Chicago will be pleased to see
their friends at 2715 Pine street on the
last Monday of this month.
Mrs. Bertha Lachman of Los Angeles
is visiting her daughter, Mrs. Joseph
Hirsch, and will be pleased to see her
friends tho second Wednesday of each
month at 1121 Ellis street.
Mrs. Benjamin Hi Lichtenstein and Miss
Mabel Lichtenstein are spending the win
ter months at the Arlington' in Santa
Barbara.
Mrs. S. Scheellne will be pleased to see
her friends at her new residence. 1935 Clay
street, the second and fourth Friday of
each month.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Hirschfelder are on an
extended tour in the East.
Mr. and Mrs. Morton L. Cook have gone
on a trip to Los Angeles and Southern
California.
Mrs. E. Folks and daughter of Los An
geles will make their home at 1113^ Turk
street and be at home on the first Thurs
day of each 1 month.
K. Cohn, who has been visiting his par
ents at 1025 Golden Gate avenue, has re
turned to Virginia City, Nev. •
Los Angeles.
Captain and Mrs. Gilbert E. Overton en
tertained at dinner on Monday evening
at their home on Portland avenue. Cov r
ers were laid for. Count and Mrs. Jaro
yon Schmidt, Lieutenant and Mrs. R. A.
Miner, Lieutenant and Mrs. J. C. Drake,
Mrs. Frank Burnett, Miss Overton, John
Corson 'and. Will Ennls.
A reception, for which 1200 invitations
had been issued, was held at the Woman's
Clubhouse, the new home of the Friday
Morning Club, on Tuesday evening last.
The reception committee was composed of
the president and past presidents and the
board of managers of the Friday Morning
Club and the board "of . directors of the
Clubhouse Association, as follows: Mrs.
J. F. Sartori, Mrs. J." A. Osgood. Mrs.
Margaret Collier . Graham, Mrs. Shelly
Tolhurst, Mrs. A. C. Balch, Mrs. T. W.
Brown, Mrs. E. G. Smead, Mrs. R. N.
Bulla, Mrs. Charles Monroe, Mrs. R. W.
Polndexter, Mrs. C. W. Patterson, Mrs.
Morris Cohn, Miss Carrie Waddilove, Miss
Hercheyand Miss Jennie Collier. Wis
mer's orchestra furnished music and a
number of prominent persons . thronged
the rooms all evening. •
The residence of Mrs. E. O. Lyons on
R. S. Bell has as his guest his sister,
Mrs. Frances Bent of Redfield. S. D.
Judge B. N. Smith has gone to Santa
Ana, and Judge J. W. Ballard of that
place occupies Judge Smith's place during
his absence.
F. I. R. Moore has returned to San
Francisco after a visit of ten days in this
city.
Mr. and Mrs. George Ordway, formerly
of Pomona, have come to Los Angeles to
reside.
Mrs! L. Meyers has returned from a
visit to her daughter, Mrs. R. H. Humph
reys, at Lordsburg.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Carpenter are at the
Metropole Hotel, Avalon, for a short visit.
Mrs. John Wesson, who has been visit
ing friends in this city, has returned to
her home in Pomona.
Mrs. Joseph Call has as her guest Miss
Milicent Hurff of Elmwood, 111.
¦ Mr. and Mrs. William Pridham are the
guests of Mr. and Mrs. Harry Alnsworth
of Redondo.
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Newberry are visit
ing friends In Riverside.
Mrs. G. A. Sumner has as her guest
Mrs. R. H. Gushle of Ontario.
George Thompson and family of St.
Paul, Minn., are spending the winter in
Los Angeles.
Colonel John R. Berry has gone to Sac
ramento on business.
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Carson have re
turned from a visit to friends in . Santa
Barbara.
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Woodward have re
turned from Barstow.
Mr. and Mrs. F. R. Pltner have gone to
San Diego for a visit of two weeks.
F. J. Zeehandelaar has gone to San
Francisco on business.
Mrs. F. W. Steddom went to Glendora
on Wednesday to be present at the wed
ding of Miss Ida Needham to Charles
Tucker, which took place Saturday.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Kerckhoff have
removed to their new residence on West
Adams street. .
Miss Frances Wills has gone to San
Francisco to visit friends. ' •
. Mrs. William Garland has as her guests
her parents, M-. and Mrs. M. L. HJnman
of Dunkirk. N. Y.
Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Battin of Skaguay
are at the Hollenbeck Hotel for the re
mainder of the winter. .
Mr. and Mrs. E. Goughnor of Living
ston, Mont... are. the guests of Los An
geles friends. ;
Miss Florence Hellman, who has been
visiting her cousin. Miss Frlda Hellman,
has returned to her home in San Fran
cisco.
J. N. Olmstead and family of Hartford.
Conn., will pass the remainder of the win
ter in this city.
Mrs. L. F. Darling of Riverside is vis
iting friends in this city.
Mrs. C. N. Sterry has as her guest Mrs.
Jane Kellog of Boston. Mass.
Professor Fred A. Bacon and family
have removed from their home in Pasa
dena to 208 North Grand avenue, where
they will remain for the winter.
Miss Jessie Anthony yhas as her guest
Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson.
and Mrs. W. M. Brown, 715 A McAllister
street, the contracting parties being Mrs.
Margaret Short, well-known as past mat
ron of Harmony Chapter of the Order of
the Eastern Star, also widely known in
all chapters of the order, and E. A. Kel
ton, for many years with Wells, Fargo 4
Co. The home was profusely decorated
with ferns, smilax and flowers. Rev. J.
Hemphill was the oKiciating minister and
during the ceremony Mrs. Charles Poulter
of Oakland sang with fine effect "Oh.
Promise Me." After the marriage and
congratulations, the, wedding march was
played and the nev.'ly made couple and
guests marched to a room where they en
joyed the wedding feast. Toasts and re
sponses, music, anecdotes and bonmots
followed in rapid succession. Upon the
return from t)ib wedding trip Mr. and
Mrs. Kelton will continue to make San
Francisco their residence. Many hand
some presents were received from friends.
Those who were witnesses of the cere
mony were: Mr. and Mrs. M*. M. Brown,
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
11. Jensen. Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Millberry.
Mr. and Mrs. George J. Leibold, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Silvey, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
M. Horton. Mr. and Mrs. John Tonning
sen, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Blake. Mr. and
Mrs. W. E. Benedict, Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Clark, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Klein, Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. Robertson, Mr. and Mrs.
George Aspden, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Poulter. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Poulter,
Mr. and Mrs. Forest Kelton. Mr. and Mrs.
W. 11. Wh.irff, Mr. and Mrs. Qultzow.
Misses Molly Silvey. % Clara Short. Ida
Roberts. Pearl Kelton, Mrs. Annie M.
Johnson, Mrs. M. Lynch, Mrs. A. Bachel
der, Mrs. Cook and Messrs. E. T. Har
vey, S. J. Robertson and William Bachel
der.
Home Gatherings.
A delightful party was given to Miss
Mattie Kohn recently in honor of her
birthday at her residence, 278 Fifth street.
The house was decorated in bunting of
red. white and blue. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Kohn, Mr. and Mrs. Harris,
Miss Mamie Rosener, Miss Maude West
lake, Miss Lottie Furrer. Miss Edith Fur
rer, Miss Freda Harm, Miss Ethel Kearns,
Miss Rfcbecka Jacobs. Miss Hattie Cohen,
Miss Flora Kun, Miss Martha Zier. Miss
Lottie Hamerschlaw, Miss Jeannette
Kohn, Cella Harris, Joe Manderson. Lau
rence White, Bob Twilington, Henry Lan
ders, Dick Iverson, Eddie Dewair, James
Butler. Earl Smith, Walter Westlake,
Jack Regan, Willie Kun. Sol- Goldstein,
Dave Moss, Henry Goldstein, Ben Mich
aels, Meyer Schwartz, Sam Riga, . Eddie
Rosener, Toney Kelly and Lester Kohn.
A pleasant surprise was given to Miss
Christina Cavagnaro by Miss Norma A.
Podesta at her home, 2PIS Gough street,
January 20. Those present were: Car
melita Devoto, Pearl Ruddick, Ada Wil
liamson, Sadie Fraser, Helen Albes. Ethel
Andrews. Grace Loh, Irene Noonan, Ro
mllda and Elvira Tonlni, Isabel Panella,
Kate Matiliano, Edna Herold, Tessie
Vahey. Tessa Rust, May and Lilly Ma
honey. Kate Mallen, Irene McEvry, Laura
Fairweather, May Murphy, Maria and
Sophie Larezzari. Sophie Levy, Nelly.Fo
ley, Ida Schmalling, Mamie Fisher, Ger
trude Larsen, Caroline KJdd, Leona Po
desta. Florence Cavagnaro, Marietta
Myers, Leona Mohn, Archie Stevenot,
Thomas Burke, Carlo Cavagnaro, John
Panella. Owen Williams, Will Horgan,
Will Haley. Will Dowie, Antone Devoto,
Joe Matiliano, Thomas Burnett. Peter
Pensottl, Charles Weiss, Normand, Oscar
and Edwin Mohr, Arnaldo Calegaris, Phil
Heuer, Ernest Trost, Luciano Podesta,
Frank Beran, Frank Kane, Archie Myers,
Walter Eaton. Garfleld Bray, Charles Tur
ner. Harvey Sparrow, Phil Gioranninl,
Will Olwell. Mario Rocca. Bert O'Donnell,
Mr. Swenick, Martin Power and George
Manning. ¦
A very pleasant birthday party was
given on Saturday, January 20th, by Mrs.
Eliza at her residence. 1232 Stockton
street, the occasion being the seventieth
anniversary of the hostess. After an elab-
JL'ST one month remains before the
period of ashes and sackcloth, and
those thirty days are to be crowded
with festivities of all kinds. The
week just closed knew not one day with
out its dinners and luncheons or dances,
and this week is to be equally crammed
with swell entertainments. On iionday
evening the golf club dance will occupy
the attention of society. About 150 invita
tions have been issued for the aftair.
On Tuesday the marriage of Miss Mamie
McMullin and Jesse Godley will be cele
bratini. On the same day Miss Lillie Fol
lis will give a swell luncheon, and in th«
evening the California Club .will have Its
colonial assembly.
The marriage of Miss Augusta Smith
and Frajik C. Curtis, celebrated on Thurs
day evening at St. John's Episcopal
Church, was an exceedingly pretty affair.
The church wa.s beautifully decorated and
was filled with the friends and relatives
of the bride and groom. The ceremony
was performed by the rector of the
church. Rev. Dr. Breck. The bride made
a charming picture in her bridal robes
and was attended by MiES Katharine
lirowii as maid of honor and Misses Sheila
Smith and May O'Hara. George Lily was
best man. The ushers were Alexander Mc
«Jeorg<\ William Utschig, Walter Vander
• loith and Charles S. Volz. After the cor
cmony a iccepuon was held at the resi
dence of the bride's parents. 11G Shotwell
street. On Friiisiy morning Mr. and Mrs.
Curtis left for their future nome in Avoca.
I owa.
One of the mest enjoyable and brilliant
gatherings of the past week was the as
sembly and german given by the members
of the Entre Nous Cotillon on last Friday
evening at the Palace Hotel. The atterd
• ance was large and the gowns of th<» la
oies particularly attractive. The cotillon
was led by Sanford G. Lewald and Miss
Coral Gilbert, who introduced Fix new an.l
pretty figures. Those in the first set were:
Misses Irene Meussdorffer, Winnie State
ler, Mabel PhilUps. Doris Heuer. Gertrude
Kcott. Adelaide Samuels, May McDonald,
Madeleine I-eahy, Linda Priber. Lillian
Lubl>on. Iyiuise Heppner. Kate Byineton,
Mac Ludlow, Isabel Hemmenway, Belle
Herzer. Elf=a Preber and Alma Hink, and
Messrs. Alphonsc- Sutter, Fred Hink, Rob
ert France. Charles Luce, Arthur lilnton
T. G. Crothers. Dr. J. D. Millikin, Frank
Sykes, James Ludlow, S. Howard Smith,
Arthur Meussdorffer, Herman Herzer,
<*larence K. Mufto. Thomas Jacques, Wal
ter H. Robinson. T. J. Barnes and A. C.
Cooper.
They're Engaged.
The *>npraßement is announced of Louis
Koehler and Miss Annie Wolter.
Mr. and Mrs. N. Ohlandt have an
nounced the engagement of their daugh
ter. Mrs. Emma Jungbluth, to Emil H.
Lange.
The engagement reception of Miss Ruth
Khrlich and Isadore Zeimer will take
place Sunday afternoon. February 4,
from 2 to 5. at 14(>4 Ellis Ftreet.
Wedding Bells.
The nuptials of Louis Lippert and Miss
Margartha Young took place at 8 o'clock
Saturday evening, January 20, at St.
Pauls Lutheran Church, 1419 Howard
ureet. Rev. Paul Branke officiating. After
the cerrmony a grand reception was held
at Washington-square Hall.
Frank Truurll. a well-known and popu
lar young business man of 'this city, was
married Wednesday night to Miss Adele
Hischoff. The wedding took place at the
home of the bride's parents and the rooms
-rcre prettily decorated for the occasion.
v"J forge Heed was the bept man, the sister
of the bride the maid of honor. Mr. and
Mrs. Trudell have left for Southern Cali
fornia on their honeymoon.
There was a very pretty home wedding
on the M:h Inst. at the residence of Mr.
SOCIETY SHOW FOR CHARITY.
Amateurs Will Appear at the Colum
bia for the Emmanuel Sister
hood.
On Sunday evening, February 11, a num
ber of young men and women prominent
in Jewish society will appear behind the
footlights of the Columbia Theater in a
benefit to the Emmanuel sisterhood. Even
at this early date the seats are being or
dered in bunches, and the prices charged
are in excess of the ordinary rate.
Though the programme has been kept
more or less a secret, it will be made up
of the following acts, run off In olios:
The Loring Club will furnish a few vocal
selections. Misses Florence Greenebaum,
May Slessinger, Beatrice Sachs and Min
nie Lewis will dance and sing several
songs of a distinctively French character.
Melvln Toplltz and Eugene Korn will give
a musical act. for which they have prac
ticed during the last two months. Mrs.
McFarland is on the list for a song or
two. One of the features of the show
will be a "coon quartet," in which Miss
Etta Son. Miss Florence Levy, Milton
Bremer and Sam Jacobi will sing and
dance to specially Imported ragtimes.
The performance will conclude with a
string of living pictures, the young ladies
furnishing the animate material. These
pictures will represent paintings by the
old masters. No expense is being spared
to secure the best effects for this number
on the programme.
A handsome sum is expected as the re
sult of the entertainment.
orate repast the time was spent In
speeches and toasting. Those present
were: Mrs. F. Small, Mrs. T. Scheid
mann, Mrs. J. L. Cante, Mrs. P. Wesf
phal, Mrs. D. Schaffner, Mrs. A. Rosen
bauer, Mrs. E. Holt, Mrs. A. Umhalt,
Mrs. M. Flaub, Mrs. J. Gassmann, Mrs.
M Elliott. Mrs. B. Kreling, Mrs. P.
Striparich, Mrs. A. yon Staden, Mrs. E.
Yv'olf, Miss A. yon Staden ; Mrs. Charles
Heyer of Hay wards, Mrs. A. Holmgreer.
of San Lean'dro, Mrs. O. Niehaur of
Berkeley.
Miss DI Golder entertained the Fin d«"
Siecle Whist Club on Thursday night at
her homo, 1171 Bush street, in a very
charming manner. The first prizes were
won by Dr. J. W. Likens and Miss L. L.
Beaurrian. Those present were; Miss G.
Gliilden, Dr J. W. Likens, Miss F. Gam
betz Mr. \V. G. Lee, Miss Di Golder, Mr.
J. H. Wheeler. Miss B. L. Gambetz, Mr.
O. Colleschorn, Miss J. Clabrough.- Mr.
Jurs Miss L. E. lieauman, Mr. H. \V.
Morgan, Miss .H. Kiefaber, Mr. M. J.
Lindsay Miss F. Smith, Mr. F. Bronson,
Miss K. Metjen, Mr. \V. B. Burner, Miss
A. Vellgrith. Dr. L. R. Gambetz, Miss B.
McClure Judge T. F. Dunn, Miss Wolfe,
Mr. O. Frank, Mr. George Golder and
Miss S. Logan. ,
A musicale was given on. Wednesday
evening at the residence of Mrs. Root,
1215 Oak street. Oakland. The house -vas
beautifully decorated with flowers, ferns
and smilax. S6me twentj^flve guests were
invited. Among those present were: Dr.
W. llalsey. Miss Gertrude Halsey, the
Messrs. Ayers, Miss Kate Halsey, Mrs.
Halsey, Mr. and Mrs. Snyder, Miss Edith
Rußsel, D. Selby, I. Daggett, Miss Green
of Stockton, the Misses Root/Leslie Root,
Miss Libbie Wilbur, Harold Wilbur, Miss
Satie Daggett, Miss Kuth L. Root of Al
bany, N. V., Mr. and Mrs. I. Warner. At
a late hour refreshments were served.
A very enjoyable party was given Jan
uary £! at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Strau?s in. honor of the ¦ eigth-i
eenth birthday of tl-.eir daughter Maude.
Dancing and names, followed by supper,
made a very pleasant evening. Among
the young guests present were: Midses
Daisy Taylor. Afir.es- Bray, Maud Strauss,
Mabel Strauss, Gtorge Kelly, William
Burns, Frank F.ray. John Akers and
Douglas Wilton.
Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Sadler of Alameda
gave a dinner this week In honor of Mr.
Donrard of Boston , who has?, just returned
from Natal, in South Africa, where he
has been for the past few years.
In their beautiful home on Jackson
street Mr. and Mrs. L. Landers save a
colonial party in honor of Miss E. Dorn
of Hollister. The rooms were handsomely
decorated and an orchestra, stationed in
the dining-room, discoursed music, to
which dancing was kept up until a late
hour. Four figures of the cotillon were
danced. About twenty-two couples par
ticipated.
One of the features of the week was a
Japanese tea given by Mrs. J. O'Brien of
Van Ness avenue In honor of her friend,
Miss E. Dorn of Hollister. The spacious
parlors and dining-room, were a mass of
palms, chrysanthemums and Japanese
decorations. Covers were laid for twenty.
The favors consisted of Japanese curios.
A very pleasant birthday party and ball
was given by L. Mojica to his many
friends at California Hall Saturday even
ing, January 23. ' About 200 guests were
present and dancing was indulged in until
4 o'clock in the morning. The guests were
also tntcrtained by a couple of amateur
cakewalkers. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. L. Mojica, Miss Marguerite
Boyle, Miss Anita Boyle. Miss Bertha
Burrows, Miss Kittle West, Miss Yda
Tapley. Mrs. 'W. S. Ballard, Miss Flor
ence Tapley, Miss Annie Ibos, Miss Vic
toria Ibos. Miss Andrea Mojica. Miss Eda
Mojica. Miss Lucia Mojica, Mrs. Wolf,
Miss Mary Pierson. Miss Jennie Vasquez,
Mrs. T. Arsincezia, Mrs. J. Rivera, Mrs.
X. de Patron, Mrs. C. de Pereda, Miss
Lottie VasQiiez, Miss A. Collopy, Miss
O'Connor, Miss Herlulda Verdugo, Miss
Mariana Fletes, Miss Carolina Oldham.
Mrs. A. de Galinda, Mrs. L. de Rodriguez,
Mrs. Refuljo Baldisia, Miss Lidia Coslo,
Mrs. M. Wallers, Miss J. Montero, Miss
M. Broquet, Miss C. Anixter, Miss A. La
gos, Miss Lopez, E. Estrada M. Vasquez,
A. A. Aguilar, J. Curtis,- J. MacManus,
A. Luarez, F. Anaya Jr., J. Klatt A.
Moyce. J. Krill. F. Herbert, A. Rossi,
Mr. Esqueda, Charles L. Gooding, A. B.
Escobar, C. Navarro, E. Read, J. Alonzo,
J. St. Cruz, A. Jiminez, Mr. Ramirez, C.
McCarthy, L. Lacazette, T.. Smith. M.
Chapatall, R. Horneman ; C. Kenlff, A. E.
Boyle. J. Kelly. H. Smith. D. Hamy, K.
W. Brier. F. Darlo, E. G. Alluende, W.
Hynes, Mr. Le Kay, F. Veriassa.
On Saturday evening. January 20, a
pleasant surprise party was. tendered
Mrs. .J. V. Honeyman at the residence
of her sister. Mrs. G. 11. Broderson, 144
fourteenth street. A very enjoyable time
was spent in games, dancing and singing.
Those present were: Miss Grace Paul
Miss Annie Honeyman. Miss Jessie Ho
neyman, Miss Sadie Daly, Miss M yon
der Sye, Miss Edith Rogers. Miss Agnes
Ahkman Miss Nellie Ahkman, Miss Rose
Hunt. Miss Carrie Williams; Miss Lizzie
Huber, Miss Laura Barnaby, Miss Clara
Huber, Mies Tennie Oosterman, G. Ooster
tnan, W. Honeyman, M. Daly, G Honey
man, F. Oosterman, S. yon der Sye P
C. Woodhouse, A. Hunt, A. Williams A
Llpman, W. Huber, Charles Broderson
G. Nichelson, C. Jourrison, Chris Broder
son, E. de Saney. G. Earl, G. Huber
Frank Broderson, J. Weiner. Mr and
Mrs. J. V. Honeyman, Mr. and Mrs D
Paul, Mrs. J. Menzies, Mr. and Mrs. G.
Oosterman, Mr. and Mrs. D. Broderson
and Mr. and Mrs. G. 11. Broderson.
A few evenings since there was a pleas
ant gathering of the friends of Mr. and
Mrs. Sullivan at the- residence of the lat
ter, 220 Lexington avenue. It was an
evening of music, vocal and instrumental
dancing and games, after which a sump
tuous supper was served. Those compos
ing the party were: Mr. and Mrs. Her
bert A. Nash, Mr. and Mrs. W. Openshaw
Mrs. A. Franklin. Misses Birdie Dixon,
Etta Dirvin; Bonnie Van Alstein, Bessie
Smith, May McNulty, Emma Clark, Grace
Seaton, Kina Dirvin, Cecilia Lyons and
Minnie Silva, and Messrs. J. Tyler. Roy
E. Owen, George Dillon, Frederick Frank
lin. 11. Frank Griffith. George Seaton, M.
Slesslnger, Will Smith and Thomas Mc-
Nulty.
A most enjoyable evening was spent
Thursday, tho 25th inst., at the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. J. Meyerfeld, 1404 Web
ster street, the occasion being their wed
ding anniversary. During the evening
musical selections, recitations, etc., were
rendered by members of the family. A
feature of the evening was a humorous
recitation by John Rothschild.
Club Parties.
The 401 Trolley Club gave a delightful
trolley party on board the Hermosa on
Monday evening. After a ride over the
city's car lines the affair wound up with
a dance and supper at the pavilion out at
the Cliff. Those present were: Captain
E. I*. McNoble, Mrs. Baumgartner, James
Rountree. Mr. Meyers, Mrs. Jansen, J. J.
Rockwell, Mr. Clement, Mrs. Marsh, Har
old Goedje, C. H. Morey, Mrs. E. L. Mc-
Noble, Mr. Murray. Mr. Jones, Miss Mc-
Neff, J. F. Wilson, Mr. i Jansen-, Mrs/
Rountree, Mr. Peterson, Miss Commer
ford. Mr. Marsh, Mrs. J. F. Wilson. Miss
McNeff, Mr. Daggett and Mrs.' C. H.
Morey. ; . ~ . .
One of the pleasant hops of last week
was that of the De Kovens on Thursday
evening at Golden Gate Hall. The ball
room was tastefully decorated with palms
and bunting, and -the surprise in store for
the many friends of the club was the sub
stitution of a "promenade" for the.ger
man. Among those who took part in the
promenade were: Misses Norwood, Alli
son, Berry. Crossett, Campe, J. Norwood,
Knight, B. and M. Croall, .Van Kirk,
Park View avenue was the scene of. a
pretty wedding on Tuesday evening,. when
Miss Alice C. Lyons was married to Dr.
E. J: Cook. Rev. B. W. R. Taylor of St.
John's Episcopal Church performed the
ceremony, the bridal party standing under
a canopy of white carnations, hyacinths
and asparagus rlumosus. The brides
gown, was of while silk poplin, trimmed
with duchesse lace and chiffon. Her veil
was caught with a diamond ornament and
she carried white . hyacinths. The rooms
were prettily decorated with a profusion
of flowers and greens. Dr. and Mrs.
Cook left for a short bridal trip and will
be at home after February 15 at 431 Park
View avenue.
The Wednesday Morning Club held a re
ception on Friday evening at its club
rooms on North Daly street in honor of
the second anniversary of the foundation
of the club.
Mrs. John H. Norton entertained with a
poster, luncheon in honor of Mme. Genevra
Johnstone-Blshop at her home on West
Twenty-eighth street on Thursday. Mrs.
Modim-Wood, Mrs. J. T. Jones and Miss
Llla Fairchild assisted Mrs. Norton. The
other guests were: Mmes. L. D. Sole, W.
H. .Perry. Ferd K. Rule, I. N. Van Nuya,
John Fairchild, C. C. Carpenter, Charles
Prager, J. J. Fay Jr., G. Wells. Gilbert
Overton, Williard Stimson, T. J. Fleming,
Thomas E. Ewlng, Florence Scarborough.
A. H. Naftzger, H. C. Hooker, W. A.
Barker, John Plater, S. C. Hubbell, Wil
liam Holliday. E. F. C. Klokke, P. John
son, Frank Kelsey. W. H. Fitzgerald, L.
C. Goodwin, Helen Ross, N. W. Stewart,
J. H. F. Peck and Victoria Harrell.
The Casa de Rosas Dancing Club held
its second dance at Casa de Rosas on Fri
day evening. The following is a list of
guests: Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Drake, Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Sartori. Dr. and Mrs.
Granville MacGowan, Mr. and Mrs.
Percy Hoyle, Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jones,
Mr. and Mrs. S. P. Hunt, Mr. -and Mrs.
Williard Stimson, Mr. and Mrs. A. C.
Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Monroe, Mr.
and Mrs. J. D. Norton, Mr. and Mrs. W.
H. Holliday, Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Bishop
Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Edward Silent. Mr. and
Mrs. W. S. Porter. Mr. and Mrs. F. T.
Griffith, Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Carpenter.
Mr. and Mrs.. A. 11. Fixen, Mr. and Mrs.
A. L. Barker, Mr. and Mrs. Walter New
hall, Mr. and Mrs. Godfrey Holterhoff,
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Griffith, Mrs. Annie
Bancroft, Mrs. M. A. Wilcox, Captain J.
Meyler and Lieutenant R. A. Miner.
Miss Josephine Williams has gone to
San Diego for a visit of several weeks.
Professor Lowe of Pasadena has gone
to San Francisco to visit friends.
Mr. and Mrs. N. W. Myrlck (nee Fair
child) have returned from their wedding
trip.
Dr. and Mrs. George L. Cole have as.
their guests Mr. and Mrs. Shoocraft and
daughter of Clinton, lowa.
Mr. and Mrs. Hugo Brandeis (nee Eilel
man) have returned from San Francisco
and are at the Westminster Hotel, where
Mrs. Brandeis received her friends on
Thursday afternoon.
C. E. Handy has returned from a brief
business trip to San Francisco.
Mrs. A. B. Newkirk and son. have re
turned from a visit to friends in Chicago.
Chandler, Austin, Sullivan, Sammy,
Smith. Dillon, Ridgeway, Forsythe, Lien.
Carney, Hood, Goodby, Chandlon, O'Brien,
Kushman, c. and E. Saunders, Healey.
C. and E. Farrell, Talcott, Plagemann,
Cramer, Jones, L. and N. Hall, Kuhls,
Knight, Stitter, Howard, Snyder.Egleston,
fcarnshlelds, Cummings and Althos, and
Messrs. F. V. Croall, J. A. Ormond, J. A.
Wheeler. Mathlson. Scoot, Young, Barry,
Dowd, Muller, Iverson. Jones. Church,
Folkes, Whitley,. Jameson. Smith, J'
G. Jones, Levy, Dr. Sullivan, Dr. Eddy,
Mosher, Scott, Wilson W. G. Jones, .Wal
ters, Hubbel, W. M Jones, Dr. Baker.
Graumb Hubbell, Littlefleld, Levensaler,
Reed, Woltzer, Peltret, Wilson and others.
The tenth dance of the Deux Temps
was held at Golden Gate Hall last.Fri
day evening. The 'affair was the most
successful ever held by the club. The
grand march was led by Edgar Getz and
Mih's Daisy. Conroy. The fioor was ably
managed by Al Schoenfeld, assisted by E.
Getz. The next .party will be held Feb
ruary 16. .
In the Future.
The fourth grand dance to be given by
the Athens Social Club will be held in
Pythian Hall. Twelfth and Franklin
streets; on Wednesday . evening, Janu
ary 31.
The Norddeutscher Frauen Verein will
give a calico party at Saratoga Hall on
Sunday evening, February 11.
The San Francisco Frauen Verein will
give a grand ball at Saratoga Hall on
Thursday evening, February 22.
The Fifteen and Eight Club will give
a trolley party to its members on Tues
day evening. This is a new club com
posed chiefly of Eastern gentlemen who
spend the winter in California. Member
ship has been limited to twenty-three
members.
The members of the Entre Nous Cotillon
Club will give a theater party at the Co
lumbia Theater on next Monday evening.
A supper will be served after the theater
at the Palace Hotel.
Sailed Away.
The passenger list of the steamship Mo
ana, bound for Honolulu, Auckland and
Sydney and sailing from San . Francisco
Thursday, January 25, was as follows;
Honolulu— Mrs. Brenham and child, Mrs.
C. E. Camp, J. S. Ellis and wife. C. E.
Guest, Mrs. N. Jackson, AY. Johnson, "W.
A. Klnney, wife, child and nurse; Thomas
Kuhl, P. McDonald and wife, • John C.
Pond, R. W. T. Purvis, wife and two chil
dren, and Harry Stirm. Apia— Mrs. Henry
Hudson* Auckland— C. P. B. Alsop and
wife. W. L,. Evans. A. E. Lake. E. G.
Meers, C E. Turner and D. N. Webster.
Sydney— J. F. Archibald and wife. A. W.
Beard. Miss Mac Beard, J. W. Bennie, H.
C. Callahan. H. W. Darling, wife and
child: Mrs. E. A. Forbes, Hamilton Grepe,
D. M. Hare, S. E. Laidley. A. R. Ly
saght and wife, W. J. Moxham, A. H.
Owens, R. C. Rawllngi?, Mrs. E. Richards,
Julian M. Rumsey, E. J. S'attery, Wil
liam Tappenbeck, J. Turner and two chil
dren, W. E. Weeks and ReV. J. T. Wil-
gjfgifl 'jf i^L __<^ mSBHB wl^^B^rM IbiSMl
Til Vb4BeKwm 11 -^Oaffi^ jffi A. t ffir^^^u
EXPENSE OF LIVING IN PABIS.
"To prove that we ax© economical
young women shall I tell you how much
we pay at the pension?" writes a girl in
the Ladles* Home Journal, who, with a
girl companion, is ! traveling in Franca
and giving the- benefit of her experience
to girls who may go to- the Paris Exposi-
tion next year.
"The tariff card tacked on the wall of
my rose-twined Marie Antoinette room
says the price is 9 francs. Then, now do
I come to be paying only 7? One learns
over here to marchander— 'to haggle, to
bargain.' If madam's prices read 'from
7 francs.' and you write to her asking If
she can let you have a room and at that
price, she will probably reply that th©
only rooms she has unrented cost 10
francs. But if you are wlsr enough to
ask her if she has a room ; for 7 francs
the answer will be "ye*-'
"We are. of course, beyond the pale of
the bathtub, electric lights and big tips:
the maid who cares for our room Ts sat-
isfied to receive a modest fee, and it is
with a thrill of delight that we pick up
our candlesticks and say •good-night.*
Just as they do in novels, we are com-
fortable and happy on J2 per day. The
fact that we are alone does not bring
us a- moment's annoyance, nor subject us
to. any unreasonable restraints."
26
SOCIETYAMUSEMENTS.
follows: Santa Cruz, February 1; "Watson
ville, 2; Hollister, 5; Salinas, 6, Petalurca,
8. and Bloomfleld, 10.
A new subordinate is to be instituted
about the 10th of February at Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz County.
Parker Encampment will have its of
ficers Installed at Stockton on the- sth of
February. Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes
will deliver the principal address.
' Harbor Lodge of West Oakland will wel
come all members of the order on the
night of the 31st inst., when the second
and third degrees will be conferred.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will have initia
tion and social features for members only
to-morrow night.
Templar Rebekah Lodge will give a pea
nut party on the night of the 3d of Feb
ruary, and will give a pink and green
domino party on the night of the 24th.
On the 13th cf next month Jubilee Re
bekah Lodge, the baby lodge of the order,
will give Its lirst entertainment, a "crisp
party," In- Prospect Hall of the Odd 1- el
lows' building.
The Elks.
San Francisco Lodge of the Benevolent
Protective Order of Elks has appointed
Messrs. Dunne, Cannany. Heydenfeldt
and Sime a committee to arrange for a
theater party to be given during the
Frawley engagement and to be known as
Elks' night. It ispossible that it will be
on February 6. This lodge Is also ar
ranging for a ladies' night some time In
March.
A new lodge was Instituted last night Id
Grass Valley with* seventy-five charter
members. One hundred members of Sac
mento Lodge went to the place to Insti
tute the .lodge.
Another lodge will shortly be organized
at Vallejo with sixty-five members. • ;
James P. Dunne, a prominent member
of San Francisco Lodge. Is quite ill and
has been for several days.
Ancient Order Workmen.
At the next meeting of the Past Mas
ters' Association, to be held on the night
of Monday, February '6, the special fea
ture will be "Local Lyrics," a musical
lecture by Grand Receiver Sam Booth.
It will be In Mr. Booth's usual happy
vein and will be a combination of prose
and verse. Other Interesting numbers
have been prepared for the entertainment
of all past masters who shall attend.
The extension committee, after a few
nights' rest, has taken hold again and
proposes, under the direction of the Little
Giant of Fraternity, Deputy Grand Mas
ter Edwin Danf orth, to move forward on the
army of ellglbles, capture a large num
ber and plac«* them under the protecting
banner of the Ancient Order of Workmen.
This committee, by Its untiring exertion
In this city and In other parts of the
Jurisdiction, created a net gain of 1065
during 1899. and with the assistance of the
membership at large will do its best to
double that number this year. The order
now numbers 20,500 In this State.
During the past week the extension
committee made visits as follows: Mon
day to Washington Lodge; Tuesday to
Llbertv Lodge at Ocean View. Wednesday
to Friendship Lodge; Thursday to Park
Lodge, and Friday to Bay View Lodge.
At each meeting tnere was a good repre
sentation of the local committee and a
great deal of valuable Information was
imparted to the membership.
Native Daughters.
District Deputy Grand President Mrs.
May Blakely, assisted by Mrs. M. Daniels,
Mrs. M. Sanderson, and Mrs. F. Barton,
Installed the following named as officers
of Fremont Parlor: Annie Kerr, past pres
ident: Mamie Toomey, president; Mrs. D.
Glavincovich. Ruby Bartlett and Joslo
Foley. vice presidents; Lillian Versalco
vich, recording secretary: Margaret Can
ley, financial secretary'; Genevieve Clark,
marshal; Alice Crowley, Inside, and Han
nah McCraith, outside sentinel; Pearl
Bartlett. Hannah Collins and Marguerite
Schulz, trustees; Fannie Barry, organist.
The ceremony was followed by music,
singing and light refreshments.
MV* Minnie P. Dobbins, district deputy
grand president, assisted by Miss -Nellie
Clark as grand marshal. Miss Carrie
Creiph as past grand president and Miss
\nnfe Donaldson as grand secretary, last
Monday publicly Installed the officers of
Minerva Parlor for the current term.
There were present a large number or
friends of the members. The new officers
are- Miss Kate Curran, past president;
Mrs May Blakely, president; Miss Mary
Creigh, Mrs. Lizzie Shade and Miss
Minnie Wall, vice presidents; Mill L.
Wilson, marshal; Miss Maggie Marshall,
recording, and Miss Maggie Wynne, finanr
clal secretary; Miss Emma Schallich, Miss
Isabel O'Brien and Miss Sadie Gajlway,
trustees; Mrs. Lillie Levenberg, inside,
and Miss Nell O'Brien, outside sentinel:
Dr Sophie Kobieck, physician; Miss Lena
Wall, organist. A handsome sunburst pin
with diamond center was presented to the
retiring president. After the ceremony
there was a pleasant evening of entertain
ment and dancing.
The officers of Sans Souci Parlor will
be installed in Chosen Friends' Hall, in
the Alcazar building, to-morrow night in
public by Mrs. May Blakely, D. D. O. P..
This parlor has left its old home on De
vlsadero street and taken quarters in the
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
nil r~O Completely eradicated with*
B-* III" out cuttln * or tyln*. Na
ill_ !_!_# cvr '» no P**' r °*- informa-
¦ »-»—'«-»' tlon aMrMI B F _ rectxl
¦BnnanHßa INSTITUTE. U7O Market.
ft IFT nntfll Corn«r Fourth and
I ALL UllVnl ***''•<. «¦ »• Try
Iflrr Kill 111 oux BpecUl Brew
llHl IHI Steam »»d W«r,
Will 1> llUlrlL.ie. Orercosaiiii
Values caec*e4 (jm.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL,
223 SUTTER STREET.
BT GENERAL REQUEST- the Illustrious
Soprano, .
MLLE.' ANTOINETTE
TREBELLI
WILL GIVE TWO FAREWELL SONG
RECITALS
TUESDAY EVENING NEXT
And— .
SATURDAY AFTERNOON NEXT. '
Positively Her Last Appearances Prior to Her
Departure for Canada.
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMMES.
.Reserved Seats, $1 and $1 60. "
At ''Sherman, Clay & Co.'a Music Store.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
January 22 to February 10. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or sills*.
Five or more races, each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. aa4
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Lest two. cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts; no smoklmr. Huy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trams via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land.. Also all trains via Alameda mot* con-
nect with San Pablo avenue oars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric ear*
go direct to the track tn fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAM* JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT, Secretary.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, Janaary 28, m,
Open and Puppy
Stakes I
14-4 NOMINATIONS!
$1025 IN PRIZE MONEY!
MUSIC BT YON DEB MEHDEN'S BAND.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 3l»t.
Midweek Stake.
•TRAIN SERVICE..
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:13. U
a. m. ; 12 m. and Ip. m. Twenty-flfth and Val-
encia streets 6 minutes later. Returning at 4:43
p. m. and after last course. San Mateo electric
cara every Blx minutes direct.
ADMISSION 25 cents. LADIES FREE.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
TO-N1GHT.........L0RD CHUMLEY
TO-MORROW (MONDAT) NIGHT,
SOL- SMITH RUSSELL'S
Beautiful Pastoral Play,
Peaceful Valley
A BTORT OF NEW ENGLAND LIFE. .
j§g RESERVED SEATS ggg
CBDTES_AND ZOO.
BVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENINCk
LAST TWO TIMES OF THE GREAT
Sharkey=Jeffries Fight
PICTURES.
MAJOR MITE, In New Specialties: BLAXCHB
LE CI*AIR SLOAN, Flyln* Rlngr Artiste;
ROBERT SMII^AX A CO. and Their Com-
edy Bulldogs; MATT KEEFE. Lyric Tenor:
the I D'ESTELLE SISTERS. Danseuses.
and a HOST OF NOVELTIES.
Phone for Seats.... PARK Z3
AMUSEMENTS.
THE CALL'S
SEYMOUR EATON, Director.
new courses;
SPRING TERM 1900.
Beginning Thursday, February
15, 1900.
I. American Political Parties
IL Twenty Lessons in French
Conversation
lIL Recent Scientific Discoveries
IV. Golden Ages of Literature
V. Photography for Amateurs
VL Biographical Studies for Girls
\
The lecture* and le»k>ns of the several
rcurses are- oubllshed dally in the San
Francisco Call. Address' ( all correspondence
to Manager Home StudyiCircJe. Ean Fran-
cisco Call. \
CONTRIBUTORS
TO THE — -
SPRING TERM COURSE, 1900.
Rev. Edward Everett Hale, D. D.,
Boston.
Jesse Macy, A. M., LL. D.,
lowa Colleg-e.
Professor Paul Elmer More,
Harvard University.
Thomas Marc Parrott, PL D.,
Princeton University.
Charles Forster Smith, Ph. D. t
University of Wisconsin.
Isaac N. Demmon, A. M., LL. D.,
University of Mlchlran.
Arthur H. Palmer, M. A.,
Tale University.
Maurice Francis Egan, LL. D.,
Catholic University of America.
Charles Horswell, Ph. D. f
Northwestern University.
Miss Vida D. Soudder,
VTellesley College.
Charlotte Brewstsr Jordan,
Philadelphia.
John Leverett Moore, PL D.,
Vassar College, y|> '¦-
Joseph Villiers Denney, A. M.,
Ohio State University.
Lucius A. Sherman, A. 8., Ph.D.,
University of Nebraska.
Charles Flint McCluinpha, A. 8., Ph. D.,
University of Minnesota. . '
John Carlcton Jones, A. M., Ph. D. f
University of Missouri.
Amos Noyes Carrier, A. M., LL. D.,
University of lowa.
August Hjalmar Edgren, Ph. D.,
University of Nebraska.
Charles W. Bentcn, M. A., Litt. D.,
University of Minnesota.
William J Hopkins, S. B ,^
Drexel Institute.
Professor Benno Kirsohbaum,
Philadelphia.
George W. Gilson,
Buffalo. N. T.
And others whose names appear In con-
nection with the programme' of studies.
WILL KEEP IN TRAINING.
Motormen and Conductors Will Soon
Open a Gymnasium.
Motormen and conductors of division E
of the Market-street railway system ara
preparing to open their new gymnasium
at the southeast corner of Turk and-Fill
more streets. Some weeks ago the rail
way company gave the employes of divi
sion E the free use of the old car build
ing at the location named. The company
also wired and lighted the building. The
employes of. the dlvisi6n, which Includes
the Turk and Eddy. Ellis and O'Farrell,
Fillmore and beach lines, purchased a
complete apparatus, laid out a big hand
ball court, with bathing facilities, etc. The
gymnasium will be publicly opened
shortly, and merry tlme3 are anticipated.
Eastern Star.
At the last held meeting of Golden Gate
Chapter one candidate was initiated and
three petitions were presented, and at the
close of the work of the evening there
was a banquet and a pleasant hour of
converse. During the evening the fol
lowing was introduced by A. S. Hubbard
and adopted by a rising vote:
Whereas, The erection of the Masonic Widows'
c.nd Orphans' Home at Deccto Is larr*l>' the re
n:lt of the 'n'tlatory steps taken In ISSB by our
late elster. Annie E. l>ouslas=, a past crand
matron cf the Jurisdiction of California and a
pa«t matron of Golden Gate Chapter No. 1.
lx»klng to the e*;a.V'ltte"Bt of an Eastern
t^tar home for widows and orphans; therefore
be It
Resolved, That the worthy tr.atron is hereby
ordered to draw a warrant en the treasurer for
a s'tzn »nff!cient for the placing of a tablet In
the veftihul* of the hoir.e with the name Annie
E. Doujrlas inscribed thereon as a tribute to
her memory anj in jrrateful appreciation of
her lone and faithful eervice to the Order of
the Eastern Star.
Last Tuesday nicht the new officers of
Iv>- Chapter held their first initiation with
the new officers and the ceremony was
witnessed by 175 members of the order.
Including Mr. and Mrs. Texton of Wash
ington, D. C, and Mrs. Kittle of Wlnne
mueca, Nev. The several charges to the
t cr.didates— Delia -Deurchel, Rose Stender
and EHITa D. Keith— were delivered In a
most Impressive manner by the officers
Ritbont book and without halt, while the
¦work by the conductress, assistant • con
ductress and the five points of the star
was the acme of perfection. The officers
who did the floor work, with one excep
tion, were attired In white and the ef
tect was beautiful. In fact, the entire
work of the evening was praised in tho
l:!g-hest by the visitors, and members of
the chapter were :iot sparing In their good
¦words for the officers. After the cere
monies an excellent collation was served,
til which Mrs. Frances Bonefield, the [
worthy matron., and Roy T. KimbaJl, the
worthy patron, presided. Several of those
l-rcseut were called on for a few remarks.
<>n the night of Saturday, February 21,
this chapter will give a Washington re
ception and other delightful features of
colonial life during the reign of one of
rature's noble dames. This is to be fol
lowed by an amusing comedy and dane-
Ir.p. This will take place In Golden Gate
Hall.
The music incidental to the ceremony
cf initiation !n Ivy Chapter was furnished
by Mrs. Henry Owens, Florence Perkins
and Messrs. Madden and Drew. At its
next meeting the chapter will have three
more candidates for initiation.
Olive Branch Chapter will hereafter
meet in Elks' Hall, on Sutter street, and
on the night of the 12th of February will
pive its first entertainment and dance in
its new quarters.
Last Thursday night Harmony Cliapter I
had a good attendance to witness the In
itiation of Messrs. John 6chrode and Will
iam J. Smith and Mies Alice Craig into
the mysteries oi the order. Ther* were
many visitors from other chapters, and
smeng the numbet were Grand Patron
<ieorge L. Darling, Grand Conductress
Mrs. Annie Marie Johnson, Mrs. Alice i 7".i 7 ".
Hickie. matron of Mission Chapter, and
that very popular and most brilliant
young worthy matron. Miss Melissa Gor
don McConkey of Olive Branch Chapter.
The work was marked for its beauty end
impressiveness, and .that of the conduct
ress. Nona Larrison Sanborn. was most
admirable. The music for the ceremony
was by the Eastern Star's swe^tesi sing
<r. Mrs. Nellie . A. DaTling. wife of the
Krand patron. After the ceremonies
more than 125 persons sat down to
a choice collation served in the ban
quet-room, where the tables were set
•with an entirely new table service
recently procured for the chapter. All the
dishes, plates, cups and saucers bear in
oolors the emblematic star and name of j
the chapter. Mrs. Emma Carter, ma
tron, and J. C. Klmball. patron, presided,
and there were Ehort addresses by Harry
Brown. A. K. Coney. Consul for Mexico,
and M. Joseph Savage, who has recently j
developed as a most pleasing after-dinner
speaker.
Odd Fellows and Rebekahs.
The installation of the officers of Unity
Encampment, which had been set for last
Tuesday, was postponed until next Tuts- •
day night.
The public installation of the officers of :
Sunset Encampment, in Alameda, was a [
grand affair. The members of Canton No.
5 of San Francisco. Patriarchs Militart,
and the members of Oakland Canton No.
11. as well as the ladies of Rebekah Drill
Corps No 2 of this city, were present.
About severity from San Francisco wer«
in attendance. Deputy Pierce, who was to
have installed the officers, retired in favor
of Grand Patriarch Foster, who performed
the ceremonies, assisted by a corps of able
officers. After the reremonies there were
addresses by the Installing officer. Past
Grand Patriarchs J. W. Harris and
Goorj?e H. Morrison and the talented
prar.d scribe, W. H. Barnes, after which
there was dancing until a late hour.
Durlng the past week Grand Patriarch
Foster visited Haywards on Thursday,
on Friday he was at Vallejo, where he
was accompanied by Grand Scribe Barnes.
and last night he visited the encampment
at Niipa. Next month he will visit as 1
building named. The parlor will have a
night of steeple chase on the 21st of Feb-
Darina Parlor will give an entertain
ment and dance on the 20th of Febru
ary.
Mary Powell, who was a delegate to
the last held grand parlor, was in the city
last week from Merced. She visited the
Native Daughters' Home and presented
it a set of Dickens' works for the li
brary.
Dr. Mariana Bertola, past grand presi
dent of the order, is quite 111 from an at
tack of typhoid fever.
The officers of Ivy Parlor of Lodl were
installed by Agnes -Raab, D. D. G. P.,
assisted by Mrs. Lizzie Pardoe of Geneva
Parlor of Comanche, and the work was
performed in a very impressive manner.
At the close of the installation there was
a series of games and refreshments were
served. This parlor is arranging for a
grand recital next month.
The officers of Amapola Parlor of Sut
ter Creek were installed by Miss Emma
Boarman, D. D. G. P., assisted by Grand
Marshal Miss Laura J. Frakes. The new
president is Georgie Styles, Julia Tre
vette financial and Fannie Painter record
ing secretary. An evening of games and
off-hand drawing followed. The Installing
officer carried oft the first prize. A beau
tltful emblematic pin was presented to
Mrs. Amy Tibblts, the retiring presldant.
Sons of Exempts.
The Association of Sons of the Exempt
Members of the Old Volunteer Fire De
partment, which was organized to keep
alive the memories of the days of the
volunteers and to perpetuate the Exempt
Association, which is, year by year, be
coming numerically smaller. Is advancing,
and as its aims and purposes are becom
ing better known and. understood there is
an advance in the. numerical strength. It
is the desire of the officers to secure to
membership every son of a volunteer fire
man who in time became an exempt, and
to that end they are working diligently.
At the meeting held last Monday night
there was an addition to the membership
by election and a committee, consisting
of W. A. Clark, J. R. Kentzell and George
Fenstermacher,- was appointed to arrange
for an old-time smoker, to be given In
the Exempts' Hall on the night of the
27th of February.
The National Union.
At the meeting of Golden Gate Council
of the National Union last Tuesday night
there was a good attendance of the mem
bers and a number of visitors who wit
nessed an unusual occurrence, and that
was the Initiatory work performed with
out a halt and without book. For this
the new officers of the council were en
titled to and did receive many words of
commendation. During the evening it was
decided to invite the other local councils,
one at a time, to give them an oppor
tunity to note the effect when all the.
charges are delivered and not read. The
candidates who were admitted were Ar
thur L. White and Heinrich Albert. This
council will hold an open meeting on the
nfght of the 27th of February, in Elks'
Hall. An Innovation in the initiatory ser
vice was the placing of the choir, con
sisting of C. L. Gage, E. G. Mcßain, R.
W. Smith and E. T. Wendel, with A. Si
chel as organist, In the organ loft instead
of having the vocal selections rendered
from the floor, and the effect was grand.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Yosemite, the baby tribe of the State,
has started out with a warwhoop that is
astonishing the warriors of the older
tribes. Its warriors are out after pale
faces In all directions. On the 16th Inst.
they brought in seven pale ones, and upon
these the degrees were conferred by a
team from Montezuma Tribe. Last Tues
day the Yosemites received their cos
tumes and paraphernalia, and the team
that will do the work will perfect itself
in it. to the end that it may become let
ter perfect. Great Sachem "Wilson has
appointed J. H. Hutaff, past sachem of
Altahmos Tribe, as the district deputy
great sachem for the Yosemites.
Altahmos Tribe starts in well In the
first moon of the new great s»n,
having at the first council adopted
eighteen palefaces. The chief of
this tribe was raised up by Dis
trict Deputy A. Hausman as great sa
chem, G. S. Graham as great senior saga
more, M. L. Wheeler a 9 great junior saga
more, T. Roche as great prophet and J.
S. Colby as great sannap. At the council
meeting held on the 17th. after the con
ferring of the chief's degree. Past Great
Sachem Moore of Texas gave an inter
esting talk on the origin and history of
the order, which was greatly appreciated
by the many who were present. On the
following Friday night* the team of this
tribe trailed to the wigwam of Pocahon
tas Tribe and conferred the Warrior's de
gree on seventeen entitled to the same.
On the 6th of next month the team, by
invitation of Comanche Tribe, will visit
the wigwam at Elmhurst. where the de
grees will be exemplified in the perfect
manner for which this team is justly
noted. •" ' .
Friends of the Forest.
At a meeting of Lincoln Lodge of the
Friends of the Forest last Monday night
ther.e was an attendance of thirty-five
members, also visitors from Pioneer and
America lodges. The most important bus
iness of the evening was the appointment
of the following named as a committee to
arrange for a Valentine party to be given
in the banquet hall of the Odd Fellows
building on the night of the 14th of Feb
ruary. Mrs. Bertha Mackrett (chairman),
Mesdames Richmond, Stickney and How
ard Misses Tilly Sharp, Annie Sharp,
May Edwards, Ella Waldo, Mac Burns
and Hoffman, and Messrs. Getz, Craig,
Hoffman, Pidwell, Tyrell and Lundln.
There will be a fine programme of dances
and light refreshments* will be served.
Pioneer Lodge will give the first of a
series of entertainment on the first Tues
day in February. It will be "An Awfully
Hard Times Party."
Foresters of America.
Junior Court Pride of Pacific No. 4, For
esters of America, will give its first grand
entertainment and ball in Union-square
Hall on the last night of this month. This
court, but a few months old, has a number
»of bright youths in it who are anxious to
shine in the Forestic world. The young
men will present a fine programme of en
tertainment prior to the dance.
Court Sutro Heights at Its last meeting
added to its membership by initiation, and
has still several applications on the desk.
The court has appointed a commute to
propose a plan for the appropriate cele
bration of the anniversary of its lnstitu-
At the- meeting of Court Seal Rock on
the 15th inst. fourteen candidates were
Initiated, and then' the officers for the cur
rent term were Installed by District
Deputy E. N. Cameron. This was followed
by a banquet, during which E. Phipps, the
retiring chief ranger, was presented with
a magnificent Jewel of his rank in the or
der. This court is preparing to confer the
Oriental degree on all such worthy pil
grims as are anxious to take a trip to the
Orient. • M _
At the" session of Court Aurora last
Wednesday night the members, desiring
to appreciate the valor of Louis F. Gue
det, who was first sergeant of Company H
of the- First California, in volunteering
during the Spanish-American war, pre
sented him a handsome medal appropri
ately" inscribed.
At the meeting of Junior Court Pride of
California No. 1 last Wednesday three
candidates were admitted by initiation,
and the work was conducted in a very
satisfactory manner. The business of the
evening was transacted with dispatch by
the new chief ranger, M. A. Nathan, and
a programme was outlined to make this
court not only the pride of California in
name, but in fact. During the evening
Ben Garron, who for eleven years was the
financial secretary, was, by the court,
through Mr. Morrish, presented with a fob
ribbon and gold monogram slide, in recog
nition of his faithful services during that
time. ¦ . .
Champions of the P. of Al
The" 1900 committee Is making arrange
ments to entertain the delegates whoshall
be accredited to the next Grand Circle. It
has been decided to have a theater party
on the 20th of February, a night and <3ay
at the steeplechase in March and a picr.lc
on the 15th of April.
The new chief companion of Golden
Gate Circle at its last held meeting, with
the assistance of the other officers, in
itiated three strangers, and at the next
meeting will have three more to admit to
membership. ' .
Knights of the Maccabees.
San ¦ Francisco Tent No. 18 at Its
review, on- .the 19th inst after Its
routine business entertained a number
of visiting sir knights, as well- as
the members,' :¦'¦ with a recitation by
Sir Knight Leroi, music by the quartet
and declamations by Sir Knights Stephens
and Thompson White. During the even-
Ing Sir Knights Waterhouse, Harris and
Greenberg were appointed a committee to
prepare plans and rules for a contest be
tween two teams who shall within a
stated time introduce the: greatest num
ber of candidates into the tent. The con
test will be for a banquet, and In addition
Dr. J. I. Manson, J. -M, Jacobl and H. A.
Callender each offered a prize to the flr3t,
second and third sir knight of either team
who shall secure the highest, next high
est and th« then next highest number of
applications during that period.
Golden West Tent at the review last
Tuesday admitted by initiation William
Robertson, A. G. Moran, A. A. Oaks and
Richard Schwarz. besides receiving two
applications. Under good of the order
there was opened in the tent a "question
box," Into which any member could drop
a written question in relation to any topic
of general interest. The first five drawn
from the box were submitted to a commit
tee, which gave the best answers possible,
and then the several matters, were turned
over to the tent for discussion. In that
way much interesting Information was
imparted to the membership. It is pro
posed to open the question box at many
of the reviews. .
Knights of Honor.
The Installation banquet and entertain
ment of Yerba Buena Lodge was a great
success and was attended by a large num
ber of ladies and gentlemen. The event
was in the banquet hall of the Alcazar
building, and about one hundred and fifty
occupied seats at the tables. During the
evening there was the presentation of a
fine watch chain to J. E. Ericson. The
officers of Saxon Lodge have been in
stalled by the grand dictator and a corps
of grand officers. The officers of Polar
Star Lodge were installed by D. D. G: D.
Thomas Learned. .
Yerba Buena and Far West lodges paid
a fraternal visit to Yosemite Lodge in the
B. B. building last- week. There were
present more than a hundred members of
the order, and a very pleasant and In
structive evening was spent.
The grand dictator and the grand re
corder paid a visit last Thursday night to
the lodge in Salinas, where there was a
smoker meeting.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The installation of the officers of Bay
City Lodge has been postponed until the
13th of February-
The officers of Oakland Lodge were In
stalled last Tuesday night by Deputy
Mrs. Louisa Blgler. assisted by Deputy
Mrs. Ellen Fitzgerald as grand guide and
Mrs. Emma Quitzow as grand chaplain.
There were present Grand Protector
Whltton. Grand Secretary Quitzow and
Past Grand Protector Cummings.
The following officers of West End
Lodge have been installed for the current
term: Doris K. Kaplan, protector; Mrs.
M. E. Duncan, vice protector; Miss Phil
ippine Kaplan, financial and recording
secretary, and Z. T. Whitt&n, treasurer.
A number of the grand, officers were pres
ent at the ceremony.
Companions of the Forest.
Sherwood Circle has arranged for a
party to be given on the night of the
first Wednesday in February.
Steps are being taken to organize a new
circle with about fifty charter members.
Mrs. Morrow, grand secretary, is one of
the organizers.
Great interest is being taken by the
membership in the bazaar that Is to be
inaugurated under the direction of the
1900 Club.
Eureka Circle win give a party In the
early part of February.
Independent Foresters.
Last Tuesday night there was a good
attendance of the membership of Court
Yerba Buena, and the secret work was
given to two candidates, who had been
made Foresters at sight. This court has
been unusually active of late, and has
been adding quite a number to its mem
bership.
Patriotic Daughters.
The monthly meeting of California
Chapter, Daughters of tne American Rev
olution, was held last Monday at the
home of Mfesdaxnes Pierce and Walker,
Mrs. J. L. Moody presiding. The large
parlors were filled with members and
guests, among the latter Mrs. Swift, State
regent, and Mrs. Wilcox, from the chap
ter of Merlden, Conn. After the usual
routine of business, Mrs. L. Humphreys
Smirti recited in her happiest manner
"The Courtship of Miles Standish," and
Miss Catlln related some Revolutionary
experiences of Colonel Silas and Captain
Peter Talbot. After the singing of "Amer
ica" all adjourned to the dining room and
over the dainty refreshments chatted un
til a late hour.
Officers Installed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 27.— A special
meeting; of Pacific Grove Lodge of .Masons
was held Thursday evening for the pur
pose of Installing officers for the coming
Masonic year. The installation was per
formed by Past Master D. B. Fifleld of
Pacific Grov*. assisted by R. L. Sandwlck
as marshal. Those installed were: Charles
K. Tuttle. W. M.; William A. Dunlap, S.
W.; Charles B. Rosendale. J. W.; Dr. O.
S. Trimmer, treasurer; George F. Ing
ham, secretary; R. L. James, S. D.; A.
M. Fltzsimmons, J. D.; William Sutton,
chaplain: R. L. Sandwick, marshal; A.
Lee, F. E. Lawrey, stewards; George A.
Ingham, tyler. - ~*\ r v
DRY i GOODS COMPANY.
CLOAK AND SUIT
DEPARTMENT.
LAST WEEK oiGREAT REDUCTION SALE!
HIGH-GRADE TAILOR SUITS, all colors, reduced t0. . .
. .• $13.50, $14.50 and $16.50
Former prices $20 to $27 EO.
Imported Street and Reception Gowns at Half Price.
GOLF CAPES reduced to $10 from $14
EXTRA VALUES IN LADIES' JACKETS AT
$4, $5, $6.50, $8.50, $10.50, $12.50.
Former crlces ;13 to X3O.
A few odds and ends In FUR COLLARETTES AND BOAS will be
closed out at greatly reduced prices.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY ATTENDED TO. SEND MEASURES.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and .Stockton Streets, San Franolsoo.
UNION SQUARE.
NEWS OF FRATERNAL ORGANIZATIONS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLUMBIA ™
TO-NIGHT AND ALT. WEEK.
LAST S NIGHTS AND 1 MATINEES.
LOUIS JAMES.
KATHRYN KIDDER,
CHARLES B. HANFORD
And a Coxnp&nr of S7 People.
SSiS&VA"* OTHELLO.
£?S.?> a a^ THE RIVALS.
I SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY. I
THE WINTER'S TALE. \
Wednesday Night and Saturday Matlnea,
•THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAI*"
Thursday and Saturday Nlshta.
"THE WINTER'S TALB."
Sunday, "MACBETH."
C VTD A f Beginning MONDAY,
LAlnHi FEB. 5.
THE FAMOUS
Presenting for the First Tlma bar* tiM
Light Opera,
"THE SMUGGLERS
OFBADAYEZ."
By Mtnkowsar and Raniia.
Cl 7 ATC ON SALE
OEdALO THURSDAY, Feb. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAIJj, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
GRAND OPERA=HOUSE.
. TEELiEIFHOITEJ I^AJEtT 538.
Last Night of - ¦ ¦ "THE QUEERS LACE HANDKERCHIEF."
! WEEK OF TO-MORROW, MONDAY, January *?. Rlcn and Costly Revival of Supptfi
Famous Comlo Opera,
"BOCCACCIO 1
AN UNPARALLELED CAST. OUR FAMOUS CHORUS.
THE LARGEST AND BEST ORCHESTRA IN THE CITY.
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY. GORGEOUS COSTUMES.
CHARLES Hi JONES" BEAUTIFUL MARCH OF BEAUTIFUL GIRLS.
THE FUNNIEST AND MOST ENJOYABLE ENTERTAINMENT IN THE CITY.
IN PREPARATION— David Henderson's Famous Extravajtaax*,-
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
GOOD RESERVED SEAT IN ORCHESTRA. SATURDAY MATTNEEL 25 CENTS.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE. EMPORIUM.
•^ IF ADAM AND EVE HAD SEEN
% IN PARADISE
!® AS PRESENTED BY THE
Frawley Company j>
THEY NEVER WOULD HAVE HAD TnrE TO EAT THAT APPLE. iHsV
INCESSANT CONTINUOUS. TWINTERKITTEP LAUGHTER. YIP/
WOULD HAVE PREVENTED THEM FROM CLIMBING THAT TREE. Y»4
THEY WOULD HAVE HELD THEIU PIPEd FOR LAUGHTER. \»f
THE WHOLE TOWN IS LAUGHING AND CROWDING THE HOUSE AT EVERY H
PERFORMANCE. *^
NOTHING LIKE IT SINCE "PINK DOMINOS."
OUR EV/ER POPULAR PRICESI
EVENING • 75c, 60c. 25c MATINEE We. JSo
BUNDAY NICHT. February 4 th. ••TI-IF^ Jf^W €~*€~*% *'
The Charles Frohman Cctnedy. ' T lc '
SPECIAL— On Sunday Night. February 11th, Welcome home from London of California's ¦
Most Distinguished Actress, MISS KEITH WAKEMAN.
"HOOT MON, IT'S /\ BRAWLAUGHYE KEN!"
WE HAVE NEW "FAIRY TALES" TO TELL NIOHTLYt
SIXTEENTH PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
And To-morrow Evening commences the THIRD WEEK
OF THE GREATEST SUCCESS EVEIt KNOWN,
The Superb Comic Opera,
EVERY EVENING AT I. MATINEE SATURDAY AT 1
THE WEST ECLIPSES THE EAST!!
THE ' UNIVERSAL VERDIOT: "THE BEST EVER SEEN HERE!"
POPULAR PRICES .:25 and 50 Cents.
TELEPHONE BUSH O. V*
COLUMBIA THEATER— EXTRA.
SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
' FEBRUARY 4.
EIGHTH ANNUAL BENEFIT
IN AXD OF THB
CHARITY FUND,
San Francisco Lodge. No. 21,
Theatrical Mechanics'
ASSOCIATION.
EVERY THEATER IX THE CITY REPRE-
SENTED ON THE PROGRAMME!
TICKETS— 6Oc and $1.
On Sale at the Box Office.
Week Commencing Sunday, Jan. 28.
GREATEST BILL OF THE SEASON
ff— PERFORMERS. EVERY ONE A STAR— XT
Direct From, Berlin.
THE HOLLOWAYS
Most Sensational of European .Acrobat*.
BRUET & RIVIERE
Famous French Duetists and Vlmlr-s.
SOHLKES^
And Their B Wonderful Little Archipelaxoans.
IRENE FRANKLIN
The Sunny Southern Sinsina; Soubrett*.
partTe^trTo
"Wizard* of the Invisible FK-da-Fer.
~ papTnta^
In New Terpsichorean Marr-ls.
EDNFBASSETT MARSHALL & CO.
In a New and Original Musical Novelty.
JOSEPH TJEWMAN
The Biggest Kind of a Hit.
JAMES 0. BARROWS & CO.,
Presenting Thomas Frost* Comedy,
"TACTICS."
Matinee TO-DAYrsUNDAY, Jan. 2&
Parquet. 2Sc, any seat; Balcony, lAo; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part.
A - few front orchestra rows reserved. Mo;
front rows of balcony, reserved. 23c.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE— Special.
THURSDAY AFTEMOON.FeI). i, at 3:15.
SECOND
Grand Symphony Concert
Under the Direction of
HENRY JJOLMES.
Augmented Oi chestra. 78 Maslcians.
Reserved Seats. ISc, Me. 73e. COO and 0.50.
Special rate for the series. Seats on sal* at
Sherman. Clay ft Oo.'s.
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH 770.
STARTING WITH MATINEE TO-DAY,
To-night— The New and Original Farce Comedy,
BETTER«
TJ AT "HI
Presented by BOYLE AND GRAHAM and
Company of Comedians.
PRlCES— Evening 15c, 25c. 35c,500 and 75c
Matinee... ...15c. 25c. 35c and 50c
Next Attraction - - - "LONDON LIFE."
COMING SOON— The Real
JEFFRIES-SHARKEY CONTEST PICTURES.
ApAnn Managers Ellinghouse and
VrVlvU* Mott pledge their word to
the public that these are the ONLY GENUINE
PICTURES OF THE JEFFRIRB-SHARKEY
CONTEST. DON'T BE DECEIVED.
OLYMFJA c'SSUS-ji.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
T1 • THE CITY.
. THE BEST BILL IN TOWN.
MLLIB. THIBL7V\/\,
The Originator of Poses Plastlque.'
\A/ILL H HILL,
The Klnaf of : the Air, Without Equal.
CAD \A/ILSON,
The Klondike Vaudeville Queen.
AND A HOST OF OTHERS.
A $10 000 Belt and Chatelaine belonging to
Cad Wilson, can be seen in the show window of
the Baldwin Jewelry, Store, 844-546 Market
street. ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ruary.
27KUH.MTUUE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 71% Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
A— SINGING, piano. French. Spanish: Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. 630 Q. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-3.
I HAVE securtd 'exclusive control of Harper
A Bros." enti* subscription line. * It consists
of splendid ¦works that have never been push-
ed In this Bate and therefore offers excep-
tional advantages to good solicitors. J. N.
ODELL, 20«Kearny st.
CARFIST BI2ATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN- you become disgusted with- |>oor. work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 .Tehama st.;-tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
at.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO.. WALCOM, proprietor.
MEETING NOTICES.
THE officers and members of Golden \^f
<;ate Chapter No. 3 O. K. P.. are r»<r»-^JgL,,
by notified to attend the funeral of our W
late sister. KARAH L. FRIHTIMUTH. "
at Halsteod'c undertaking ptriors, 846 Mls-
i-ion St.. on SUNDAY. January 2s, at 2 o'clock
p. m. ¦ By order of the IV. M.
M. A. lIAWLET. Secretary.
MEMBERS of Oolden Gate Encampment fk 4*
No. 1. I. O. O. F.. arc hereby notifled^^^"
to assemble in Encan-.nment Hall, VV
BCXDAT. Jan. 2S. 1900. at 1 o'clock p.r \
m., to cttend the funej-ai of our late Patri-
arch. THOMAS U. SWEENY. By order.
WM. E. DUBOIS. C. P.
11. C GEORGE. Scribe.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. .a«3a_»Z~
O. F.— Memljem «i!l m»*t SUN- wirSfS^MSfc
•¦AY. Jhiu :%.¦ at 1 o'clock p. rr... •J&d&Sgg*
to attend the funeral of our late
brother. THOMAS V. FWEEXY. P. G.
WM. TROTTER. N. G.
VETERAN Odd Fcllown— Attend «srt*aa«i-
funeral r.f ]'*t<t Pr-Kident E. H. iVji^^fe:
(XJOPER at Pai'.i Congregational
«'hurch. Haye* Et., near Lvon, at '%711'SP*
J p. m.. SUNDAY. January 28. ISOO.
WILLIAM 11. BARNES, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lortce. I. O. O. F.— Mem- _-.«_^V2.--
bcrs will meet at the iicll at l
o'clock !>. tn.. TO-DAY to attend
the funeral of our late brother. »-''*'< Cs
E. B. COOPER, P. G. Fines for non-attend-
anoe. FKED D. ASHWORTH. N. G.
A. E. GRAUPNEK. Rec. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. C 22. I. O. O. tSSVSaE**.
F— 'Jiie member* vril! take notice *2?3?^
that thr- h.-ig* will hereafter meet
1* Memorial Ha!l. third floor. Odd ssi 7s * i 7
Fellows' buildinr.
N. M. PETERSEN*. " If. O.
wtc et wnciuunT, r. s. v
$1500— CORNER grocery and bar: established
many years and doing a splendid business;
choicest location few blocks north of Market;
rent $45. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A—s2oA — $200 — PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; must deliver with wagon; will clear
Js!> per month to each. Pacific Exchange, 1016
Market st. # .
BAKERY in town near San Francisco doing a
fine cash business; large stock; good fixtures;
hoi re and wagon; cheap rent: trial given;
treat sacrifice. JONES A CO., BC3 Market st.
$176— DELICACIES and dairy produce: value
In eight; fine location. JONES & CO.. 863
Market et.
$7rv— GROCERY, bar. 4 living rooms; rent $10;
doing paying business. Jones A Co.. 565 Mrkt.
«i;o_ocmNEß ealoon; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777«j Market st.
$2SC— PARTNER wanted: light well established
Ir.door business; mill pay over $60 prr month
to each yearly. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777»4
Jarket st
HOTEL, in Skaguay, Alaska, for sale on ac-
count of death of manager, part owner: pay-
ing well, but absent owner* want to sell; lot,
buildings, furniture complete; house and bar
coot over $70C0; receipts last year, $58S0i rail-
road starts at Ekaguay; price, $4500. HAWKE3
& SKELTON, 321 Montgomery Bt.
CORNER delicacy store near Market st.. $175:
i>nap: must sell; owner nick; rent $17; store
end 3 rooms. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.
WANTED partner— l have Just purchased the
right tomanufacture and Bella new and useful
patented article, but owing to my being con-
nected with a firm of thlscltyundercontract, I
must have reliable partner to take manage-
ment of same; one-half Interest $500. Addresi:
box 1125, Call office.
CAPE Nome to be visited by business man who
is intrusted by friends with funds for Invest-
ment, this may be your chance. to make a
little money; references. Box 397, Call office.
$ICSO— SALOON: O'Farrell-st. corner: • safe; 5
boxes, piano-room; no agents. Address box
1132, Call' office.
JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong . voices from the, ' smallest and
faultiest in short time. ' 1256 Market St., r. 121.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculations. ¦ Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL: students- but two taking full ¦ course
this year got positions. SAN > FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech., survey; assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
VIOLIN, zither, guitar, banjo, mandolin In-
struction. W. |P. CHAMBERS. 216 Eddy , St.
A RESPECTABLE young man wants a posi-
tion as Junior in office, collector or any posi-
tion of trust; highest ref. Box 1136, Call.
YOUNG man wants -work of any kind; day or
night; by the hour, day or week; reasonable
wages; will work at anything. Box 1137,
Call office. .
YOUNG German would like situation in gro-
cery or drive wagon; good references. Ad-
dress C. H.. Box 1140. Call office.
COMPETENT bartender wants position; 10
. years' experience: reference given; speaks
German and English. Box 1141. Call office.
A SCHOOLBOY wants a place' to work before
. and after school with board and room. Ap-
ply 1454 California st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Poet St., 8. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. - languages telegraphy, . English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neerlng. etc. : new 80-page catalogue free. •
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men. young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
calt water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Kills sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized onion on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. CO Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, fee.. 104 7th: ft J«««U UK.
WANTED — Cape Nome dredirlng company
wants a few more partners. 2006 V, Dupontst.
YOUNG man of business experience; ¦mall
capita! required. Sox 1127. Call.
BOY wanted at SEilO BROS.. 1M Battery «t.
Apply Monday mJrnlne. ¦ . ..
A MAN and wife,' man to work outside and
woman in hous»: country references requir-
ed. H. M. L.. Valley Ford. Cal.
MILK wagon dr.ver: competent: single young
man; cash security; $20; good wages. Box
1135. Call. ! ...
STEWARD, just from the East; would like
position In hotel or club: has had experience
in golf, yacht and city clubs; Al references.
Box 1114\Ca!l office.
EDUCATIONAL.
A CLASS In dancing will be formed at Hln-
' man's Academy, 1412 Polk st., Friday after-
noon, February 9, for the benefit of the young
ladies and gentlemen who think themselves
! too old for the Saturday class. .
KMI'LOYMUNT WANTED— MALE.
POSITION wanted by business man from New
York; under 35 years of age. active, well con-
nected and of general experience; sufficiently
versatile to adapt to any line; has managed
' property, I art and commercial stationery,
printing, manufacturing, etc.; can. furnish
every reference; permanency desired. Address
box 4129, Call office.
POST, 955— Sunny lower flat; S rooms and bath;
rent $18. » >
$2200 — ELEGANT corner store and modern 6-
room cottage; rents $30: cost $3500; $1000 will
take It. - KREDO & CO.. 22'^ Geary St.
$200— PARTNER; transfer and storage; $100 a
month; rare chance. Kredo & Co.. 22t4 Gear}'.
$I?OO— DRAYING express; only one In town of
4000 population; $10,000 yearly. KREDO A CO.
$S0 SALOON; fine corner; also $500 saloon; also
$400 saloon and lunch; also $450 roadhouse;
$2200 resort. $100 a day; account of death.
KREDO & CO., 22H Geary et.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY A READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
.._:..... WANT T A. M. MONDAY
WB SHIP MONDAY
• .77. AND PAY YOUR TARE.
io "laborers. n6 experience required, for th«
sawmills and woods. $30 to $40 and found
BollTmaJter for a mine company $3 75 day
Shop butcher, city --$25 and found
8 teamsters. 2 and 4 horse. ...sl 75 and » day
S peach tree prunem. $1 80 fare..s2« and found
German-Swiss milker $g. *»re paid
Buttermaker and milker. Sonoraa County
Younc man for butcher »hop $3 weefc
Blacksmith helper and wife; man and wlf«
for ranch on shares
"Woodchoppers, tool* furnished, for all part*
of California; also redwood tie maker*. MUR-
RAY & READY. «34 and 638 day st.
AT C R HAXSEN & CO.'S 104 GEARY ST.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
"chef $100; second. $S0; baker. $60. country:
baker and assist on range, country hotel.
140 see party here; chef for Southern Cali-
fornia, $S3; lunch counter cook, $50; porter
and runner, country hotel. $5.
ana ™»™^« juscELLAN^EOUS
"ioo coal miners for New Mexico, special
rates of fare, ship Feb. 1 l'<~i- ¦_
- Teamsters and scraper loaders for the Coast
railroad, free fare s
Gardener, country hotel. $23 and foundt
pruners, grafters, farmers, ranch teamster*.
miners, woodchoppers. caor»men and others.
Farmer and wife, good cook, $43 and found.
Japanese for chamberwork. $20: Japaneoo
for porter work. $20. country hotel, fare ad-
vanced. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
9 COOKS, city and country. $30, $33 and $40;
waiters,' country hotels. $23; night cook, pan-
tryman, etc. MURRAY A READY. 634 and
636 Clay st. :V.'--": V.'--"-
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has beea opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open nntll » p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aad
subscriptions has been established at th*
northwest corner of Twenty-second aad Ken-
tucky sts.: open nntll 9 p. m. •
JIME. YOUNG, 605 McAllister; demonstration
of spirit return to-night. 10c: come skeptics.
MRS. MENA FRANCIS. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Ha'.ght »t.
MOTHER SADIE seance to-flay. 12 o'clock; 60c
409 Leavenworth st.
EDWARD EARLE'S seme* to-night. S3O
Ellis «t.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work" and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors 233 Kearny, 1 cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS, 233 Valencia; dental
work reas.; painless extraction; hours 9 to 5.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In 9. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission,- cor. 6th.
WOMAN with 3-year-old child wishes work In
private family In the city. 370 Brannan st.
RELIABLE woman wishes housework in small
family; country preferred. Add. box 4113, Call.
WOMAN wants work washing and lronlntr; $1
a day and car fare.' Apply 114 Natoma st. i
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
. chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sinrrtays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $3; a
full net of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see 1 our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fllUngs, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
$6— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 5 rooms; water free,
Off Crescent aye.; Inquire 64 Silver St., off 3d.
IVY aye., 438— Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; large
stable; inquire 429 Grove St.
SUCCESS! SUCCESS. SUCCESS!
The McDowell Dressmakin* School offers to
Its Datrons better Inducements than any
other establishment because w« gtve the
leading system of the world; easily learned:
rapid to use; evening class: positions free:
terms easy; patterns cut. McDOWELL. 103
Post st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; well es-
tablished trade; 3 nice living rooms; must
sell; leaving city. Twelfth St., between How-
ard and Folsom.
YOUNG girl, honorary grammar graduate pre-
ferred, can have shorthand lessons for office
service. Box 390, Cally
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 212% Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
BAKER — Young man as foreman or second on
bread; good references. Box 72,, Call office,
Oakland.
LADY solicitor: big pay. Call room 105. Call
building, between 12 and 1 p. m.
BUSINESS opportunity— Will sell my complete
Motion Picture Public Entertainment outfit
with large advertising bills and everything
needed cheap for cash. All first-class and
will show large motion pictures natural a*
life. No experience required to operate It.
Have made $60 to $300 per week; best of rea-
sons for selling. Send this ad. and address
Drawer 146, Chicago.
GERMAN cook, young, neat; about 28 years
old; has best of city references as first-class
cook; wishes a situation. J. F. CROSETT
A CO.. 316 Sutter at.
p> are invited to worship with us.
CENTENARY Methodist Episcopal Church,
South Bunh st between Gough and Octavia —
llev J. E. Moore, pastor. Preaching at 11
a. ra. by Dr. John Hannon of Alameda. Spe-
cial music by quartet choir. Preaching at
7:30 p. ra. by the paster. Music by chorus
•choir Pundar echao!. f:45 a. m. Epworth
league meeting at € M P. ra. All are cor-
flially invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and <ieary sts.— ltev. John Hemphill. D.D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:39 p. m.
In the evening an evangelistic service with
evangelistic music; topic, "Who Is on the
Lorfl's FldeT' Parents will please present
their children for baptism at the beginning
of the morning eervlce. . All axe made wel-
come.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church. Oak and Baker
sts.— Rev J. S. Thomas, pastor. At 31 a. m.,
momiror service, "A Very Much Violated
Commandment." Sunday school at 12:30.
Christian EndeavcY meeting at 6:45. Evening
service at 7:45, "A Midnight Revival." Every
evening during the week except Saturday;
«service with eermon by some city pastor.
FIP.ST Congrerat local Church, corner PoEt and
Mason et*.— Key. George C Adams. D.D.,
tiastor. will treach at 11 a. m.; theme. "The
Trinity." At 7:SJ p. m.. wermon by Isaac Wll-
iton of the Society cf Friends. All are cor-
dially Invited^
\VEST SIDB CT-.ristlan Church. Bush St.. near
D*>\ieai!ero— Pitching morning and evening
by Hie castor, llev. W. M. White, recently
•if Midway, Ky. ; morning subject. "Love's
First Estate"; evening. "The Pinner's Death,
the Christian's Life"; morning service, 10:45;
Sunday-school, :2:30; Y. P. S. C. E., «:30;
e\ er.iznr 'service. 7:30.
FIP.ST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. ."23 Sutter tt.. between Kearny and
• liant aye. — Christian science Bible lesson at
11 a. m.; subject. "Spirit." Sunday school for
children at th» F&me hour. Wednesday even-
ing meeting at S o'clock. All are welcome.
HEORGANIZED Church of Jesu* Christ. SCO
Port rt. — PreaeMn* 11 a. m. and 7:33 p. m.
This church claims to be founded upon divine
revelation, the exnressed will of God as to
how men should act in order to accomollsh
his fur;>oseii and bring about the best results
for mankind. All welcome. C. A. Parkin,
I'aetor.
THE Flrrt Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. ; subject.
"God. as Viewed by Different Religions."
S.-rvlces every Sunday In Yosemlte Hall, Na-
tive Sons' building. Mason st., between Geary
end I'oFt. Take elevator.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
sts. — Union mass meeting of the city churches
to-day at 3 o'clock, in the forty-seventh anni-
versary of the local association. Address on
"Work for Young Men tn the Twentieth Cen-
tury" by Rev. John Hemphill, D.D. Music
by lar*:e male chorus. Seats free and the
public ir.vlted. both men and women.
THE Theo»ophical Society— Public lecture to-
nlcht in Theosophlc Hall. Odd Fellows' build-
ing, by Mr. C. E. Lockwood. "An Evolving
Life. Is the Soul Immortal V Golden chain
at II a. m.
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
CR. KERGAN'S free lecture this evening, *
o'clock, at Crystal Hail. Pythian Cattle, 909
Market etreet; Bubject, "The Country Doc-
tor." with eplendld illustrations, including
•The Pillars of Hercules." "Gibraltar" and
"Ceuta;" a great feature. "The Question
Box." and free tickets to the great X-ray
exhibition Tuesday night next at Electric
Sanitarium, Market and Mason ets.
6OCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occiden-
tal Hall, cor. Larkin and McAllister sts.;
Bunfiay. at 7:30 p. m.: speaker, Mrs. R. 6.
LIUle: subject. "The Highest Goal— How Can
We Obtain It?"
AT DR. RINES* Spiritual Society. 909 Market—
11-3, free; S. 10c; Mrs. Seeley, Vlgers. Renne.
Green: all test* at 1 p. m. ; Central Lyceum in
Crueade Hall; Mr. Collings. director.
MIFSION Lyceum at 2 p. m.. Mission Opera
Hall. 2131 Mission St.; entertainment on
Wednesday eve., 31st; extra fine programme;
10c.
KATE HEUSSMANN. fittings dally; circle
Frl.eve,2sc. 35 Grand, off Mlsslon,bet.9th-ltKh.
AT Friendship Hall. 235 McAllister: tests every
ere.. 10c. Mrs. Meyer & Glllingham: sittings.
MEDA HOSKINS. circle Tuesday night; sit-
tings dally. 1423 Market, bet. 10th and 11th.
CHILDREN'S Progressive Lyceum and Spirit-
ual Library; 10:30; subj., "Destiny." 909 Mkt,
117 LARKIN; test meeting; Mmes. Wrenn,
Wlnslow, G'!l!ngham, Prof. Fisher; good mus.
MRS. EBERHAP.DT; spiritual test meeting,
7:80 p. p.. 10c. SSO 224 St.. bet. Val. & Mis.
SIRS. MARY EVANS— Sittings dally: circles at
2 and S p. tn. ; also Monday eve. . 142 Sixth st.
ASTROLOGY.
PROf! A* IfASERT of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
glst and palmist in the world; satisfaction
iruaranteed. <37 Golden' Oate «v».
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 8,7) Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
mimed practice at 503 Cal. St., Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Bt.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
DOARD AXB ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market— Elegant
new furniture: flrst-class in every reepect;
table unsurpassed: hot and cold water: ele-
vator; suites, with beard for 2, $30 month up.
NEW family hotel: flrst-cla«s In all appoint-
ments: excellent table: special Inducements to
select people. SO7 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
VAN NESS aye.. 1714— Select private boarding-
house can accommodate a few more guests;
everything first class and homelike; fashion-
able location; references.
FRANKLIN, 503 — Sunny front room, board,
bath, gas: man and wife or two gentlemen;
S4O per month.
"BELGRAVIA HOTEL," Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny euites: best board; 2, $50 up; single. $22 50.
HYDE. 233 (The Salisbury)— Large Sun-iy items
with board; en suite or slnele: reasonable.
LARKIN. 914— Large alcove; bath; sun; private
family; for 2.
HAIGHT. 232— Sunny rooms with board; terms
reasonable.
LAS PALM AS. IS2O Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
palr.tlr.gs: secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— By single gentleman. 2 medium-
sized or 1 large room; sunny, unfurnished,
upstairs, in the Western Addition and In pri-
vate family; with or without light board;
references exchanced. Address A. B. C, 21S
California ft., room 7.
YOI'NO lady wh^se husband travels desires
rooms and board for herself and mother In
private house. A. F., Call branch, 1941 Mis-
sion et.
BY single man— Board and room; German or
Scandinavian family. Addrww box 4102, Call.
ANY amount to loan you on diamonds; low In-
terept. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
llO.Utni.Mi FOR CHILDREN.
DESIRABLE home; gocd care for little girl, at
,1727 McAllister st.
TO board — An infant or small child; $10 per
month. 210 Lexington aye.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS . bought and exchanged.
Holmes nook Co., 704 Mission St., near Third.
boot and shoe bargains.
cTleaTial^c^^alle^glie^t^eductTo?^
Men's regular $1 uO shoes $115
Children's regular $1 CO shoes 65 cts
People's Shoe Store, 1303 Stockton, nr. Br'dw'y.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
ATTENTION^ SELLERsI f ¦-•-— ~~— -
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise it free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I sell city and country real es-
tate and' business pieces.
H. C. DKCKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
BRANCH bakery and notions $250
Baker}-; large oven; fine business...;.... 1,250
Teaming business: clears $400 2.000
100-acre ranch; 6 room house: $1000 cash. 3,200
Bakery In Alameda: $25 per day 900
House and lot; Hayes St.; lot 25x137:6 — 3, C00
Hotel and bar; country town; 72 rooms.. 5,800
Grocery and bar: clears $150 700
Ealoon; cash register; clears $200 SOO
Candy store: corner; 3 rooms 600
Ealoon on Howard st 200
Saloon: corner on Folsom st 250
WO BARGAINS THAT I DO NOT AD-
VERTISE. :
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
YOUNG woman desires a situation as chamber-
maid and seamstress or taking charge of a
linen room. J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion, best city references; a thoroughly com-
petent cook and housework girl desires a sit-
uation, best city ref.; also a first-class
Swedish laundress wants a position: best
ref.: city or country. MISS 11. CULLINAN.
323 Sutter St.. phone Main 651.
A COMPETENT woman, with a child 6 years,
wants a position; reliable cook ¦ and , T^ o . u * e f "
worker: city or country. Apply to MISS U.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st. »
A FIRST-CLASS chambermaid wants a posi-
tion; hotel or boarding-house: city or coun-
try; can be interviewed at MISS H.-CUL-
LINAN'S Employment Bureau, 323 Sutter st.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
C. R. HANSEN A CO PHONE GRANT IS3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
10 waitresses. Pasadena, ialf rate* both
ways $-0
( waitresses. Coronado, half rates both, ways
$20
chambermaid, Coronado. half rates both ways
: $s>
4 waitresses, Sacramento $25
5 waitresses, commercial and city hotels. ..s2o
chambermaid to wait. $20: chambermaid. $18;
chambermaid waitress for miners' boarding
house. $30; fancy lroner. $1 50 day: fancy
lroner. $25: 5 cooks, city. $25; San Rafael, $1".;
Alameda. $25: Isleton. Santa Clara, Newcastle.
Gllroy. $20: housegtrl. Palo Alto. $15; second
girl. Oakland. S2O; Sonoma, $13; 25 houseg'.rla.
city. $20. $15, $12.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Laundress $25; nursery governe«s.
$25; parlor maid and waitress, $25; 3 French
second girls. $20: cook, plain wash, across th*
bay. $30; 3 cooks. German style, $25; hotel
waitress, $20; restaurant waitress, $7 a week;
vpstaurant cook, $7 and $10 a week; 2 nurse-
girls. $15; chambermaid, hotel. $18; chamber-
maid and waitress, $20, country: a number
of girls for housework. $20 and $23, city and
country. J. F. CROSETT CO.. 316 Sutter st.
A COOK. Palo Alto. $3S: Berkeley. $3, 2 In
family; St. Helena.. $25; Oakland. $25: Ala-
meda, $25, and other town; 20 housework
girls, $25 and $20: 10 young girls to assist. $19
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A MOTHER and daughter as cook and cham-
mald; $25; country. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sut-
ter st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. 30 Geary st.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st., near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, telephone Bush 125.
y" at The 5- trakcjeps* Sabbath Ho*£
<£«;) Howard St. Methoilst-Episcop«l
Oiiich Bet. ai & $i Sts. Seats Free.
R«r. Dr. Jplm A. B. Wilson. Pastor
Res. by the Church. Tel. BUck e«-t.
f\ (\ml ortsbie seat )
A lil Itirteous greeting > Await y»
UUrdlal we'eome >
11 a., m., "Christian Proirress";
offertory quartet. the Misses Whit-
llnEton and Messrs. Noble and
Mayberry. ":3). "The Limitations
of Heeling"; offertory, tenor solo. Dr. Noble.
Revival fcervSces every night. Monday nights
specially for sailors; Tuwday. young people;
We£nei>;iay. general rally of nil church forces;
Tuesday, "mea'e meeting. Brotherhood of St.
Paul; Friday, experience; Saturday, temper-
anoe. All invited to every eervlce.
6T PAVL'S Church. California St.. near Flll-
raore— Kev. W. Maxwell Hellly. rector; Rev.
A C. I\'i!son. assistant. Holy communion.
7:59 a. m. Sunday school. *:4J a. m. Morning
servire and eermon by the rector. 11 o'clock,
rr.otith'y choraj festival. 7:30 p. m. Music by
St. Paul's vested quartet and chorus choir,
assisted by members or the S. F. Oratorio So-
ciety. James Hamilton Howe, director.
GRACE M. E. Church, cor. Capp and Twenty-
firrt fts.. Rev. J. N. Beard. D.D.. pastor—
n a. m.. prearhinz by the pastor. 12:45 p.
m. Sunday school, J. <J. Rancher, superin-
tendent. t:\» p m.. Epworth league; de-
votional meeting will l>e led by Mrs. Lthti
Button. 7.30 p. m.. preaching !>>' the pastor.
AW are cordially Invited. Seats free.
CENTRAL Methodist EpiscoraJ Church. Mis-
sion St.. between Sixth and seventh— Dr.
Hutsinpliler will preach at 11 o'clock on the
topic "Good P«>p:e and Good influences in
Pan Francisco." nn<! at 7:3'> on the topic 'The
New City. Greater .^an Francisco." The pto-
p> are Invited to worship with us.
CHIBCU SERVICES.
AGENTS in each county on coast: permanent
work and territory: article a seller. HER.
RICK, 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.
IF you have an idea of making an Investment
come and see our all kinds of bargains; our
offices 'full of bustle and business; the safe
full of money. Pacific States Realty Co., 320
Parrott building. .
FINE saloon near Market, doing large busi-
ness, will be t>old cheap; investigation sollclt-
ed. Pacific States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
$300— PARTNER wanted in office; commission
business; well established and will pay $75 to
$100 per month to each; no night or Sunday
work: former experience not required; chance
of a lifetime. SCHOTTLER & CO.. 632 Market.
MILLINERY business and residence in prosper-
ous town of 10,000; 2 hours from city; perma-
nent trade; paying $1200 net profit yearly; no
rent to pay; bargain for an active woman with
a little capital; lnvesticate. Box 395, Call.
LADY or gentleman with $5<X) can can buy a
rare opportunity from a party who has other
business relations; work light and agreeable.
Address for two days box 399, Call office.
MEETING NOTICES.
MEMBERS of Golden Gate En-
campment No. 1. I. O. O. F., »»NB
are hereby notified to a?wmble In **ttEßtpp^{
Encampment Hall at 1 o'clock •*"¦
p. m.. THIS (SUNDAY) January 2S, 1900, to
attend the funeral of our late (brother) P. C.
P.. EUGENE B. COOPER. By order
WM. E. DUBOIS. C. P.
H. C. GEORGE. Scribe.
OFFICERS and members of Court Occi wt-_**
dental No. C 676. A. O. F., are notified <_T
to attend the funeral of our late Jr'V
Brother. MARTIN' MUNSON. Inter- *->
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, SUNDAY, Jan.
2S. Special car will leave Eighteenth and
Guerrero at 1 p. m. G. W. B. STIRLING. C. R.
California Pioneers are _St_BKJOB_BEt»
requested to attend the
funoml of our ]n\o m'ni- jtfsyti&^MM&BA.
the Park Congregational —..-—•
Church. Hayes st.. near Lyon. TO-DAY
(SUNDAY). January M, at 3 p. m. Funeral
dele-ation take" notice. •
JOHN F. PINKHAM. Marshal.
THE members of the garrison are notified to
meet on TUESDAY. JanuarySOth. at 1 o'clock
i«harp, at the terminus of the Unlon-st. R. R..
Presidio to attend the funeral of our late
comrade. LIEUTENANT JAMES STEEL, U.
S F. C. without uniform. By order
J. F. FITZGERALD. Commander.
F. A. HEITER. Adjutant.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. success-
fu» teacher. 1003 Mission; best methods, results.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof.De Filippe's Acad-
emyof .languages. 320Post;est.lS71;ablestprofs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Stuillo. 405 Geary, r. 47.
ATTENTION!. ' . : \, V--
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D.HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
I__ • and Clairvoyant,
Has removed her offices to her residence. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Your Life From Jthe CradU "
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence Is kept sacredly confiden-
tial.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. .
Fee $1 and upward.
N. B.— MRS. *A. r< b". HOWE, 1081
Seventh avenue. East Oakland. .
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station, the second station from
Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
IG BARGAINS COWING & CO.
1130 Market street.
A saloon on corner" near Market ¦ st. -
Corner grocery and bar; south side.
Corner grocery; store full of stock.
Corner cigar store on Market et. ; snap.
Branch bakery: sickness cause.
Restaurant; center part of city; receipts $55
per day.
Butcher shop; corner; receipts $W dally.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works,3 33 Golden
Gate, ave^; telephone East 126. •
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry * Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 7»7 Mist Ton; tel. Red. Mil.
BOY wanted to learn military tailoring with
some expe'ience In civilian tailoring. Apply
to the Taior. third brick <iuarters, PrwWlo.
EDUCATED young Frenchman, speaking Eng-
lish,: Spanish, Italian, wants situation; good
penman. Box , 4123, Call office.
HANDY man; carpenter: wants steady work at
anything; factory; wholesale house or ranch;
reliable. Box 1113. Call office.
FKKK TO ALL.
FLATS TO . LET — FURNISHED.
HOWARD. 1827— Upper furnished flat of 6
VALLEY. 310. 5 r.. tt: 19% Madison aye.. $10:
10 Pstton. 3 r., $9; Rlpley place, 8 r., $10; 30
days free. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
3-ROOM sunny flat; modern Improvements -
rent JlO. Inquire 1939 O'Farrell st.
$10— SUNNY cottage of 3 rooms. 134 Rose aye.
between Gough and Octavla sts.
BORROW money on diamonds and watchen
Inw Interest. TTNPT/E: HARRIS. « Grant ny
UPPER flat: 4 rooms and storeroom; large
yard; rent $12. 16 Lang ton tt.
SUNNY flat, 4 . rooms. • 110 Willow aye., above
Van Nees.
TWO flats; 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; 2
baths: 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
WANTED— A position as companion to In-
valid lady, or place of trust, by a lady of re-
finement and cheerful disposition; will travel
if required. Box 4597, Call. ,
AN elderly lady wishes position to do light
housework; small pay; more for a home. 29
Eddy St., room 40. '.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and ladies' tailor-
ing; would like to take work at home; prices
very reasonable. Box 1059, Call office.
FOR rent — To an vp-to-date man with experi-
ence a furnished hotel and race track In
Eureka, Cal.; located on main traveled road
and good chance to make a nice paying bust-
ness. Apply to J. G. LOVEREN, Eureka. Cal.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; fine location
downtown: newly fitted up; electric lights;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
Inquire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call
bldg.
DENTAL office: flrst-class: central; must be
sold: terms easy. MACDONALD, 6 Eddy St..
room 107.
SINGLE ladies wishing to Join a social club
send address to MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
BOOKKEEPER, neat young lady, desires posi-
tion; fully competent to keep books, answer
correspondents and take charge of an office;
also verbatim stenographer and typewriter;
salary $50 per month; references. Address
M. M., box 4131. Call.
BY a young lady of . refinement, position In
country hotel as housekeeper, assistant or
chamberwork;' familiar with all branches.
Box 1061. Call office. ¦
SITUATION as cook or housekeeper In a small
country hotel; best of reference. Box 4145,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
FOR exchange for something valuable; San
Jose residence property. A. K. SPERO. MS4
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, has property of all
kinds for exchange: call on him.
For exchange for city property; 160-acre grain
ranch near Sacramento. Address Owner, box
206, Call office, Oakland
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker will make any style
trimmed suit $4; new style skirts and high-
grade work. 220 Eddy st. . \
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. KM Fremont St.; elerator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1308 Stockton, near Broadway.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
interest. UNCLE HARRIB. 12 Grant aT«t
AN experienced young lady wishes position as
cashier or -to do plain writing in office. Call
230% Third st. t
GROCERY and bar: 4 living rooms: rent low;
price reasonable. Apply 455 Clementina st.
WANTED— Partner in business established 24
yean in Oakland; pays from $400 to. $500 per
month: $7500 capital required, which will be
fully secured by good real estate; no chance
cf lossy; must be a business man, competent
¦to keep books and collect bills. Call or ad-
dress Call branch office, Oakland:
EXCHANGE equity of $1500 new 7-room house.
Oakland: take vacant lots or acreage.
Exchange \"V, acres at Napa City, value V-^X
for city Improved or unimproved; will pay $1000
difference.
Will pay $1500 cash and 7 lots in Oakland for
farm in Napa County worth iWYX
I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Montcemery »t.
EXCIIAXGE.
FRUIT and dairy produce store; fine location;
a snap at $200. Box 1028, Call.
HOUSEKEEPER, neat American woman elder-
ly, wishes position; used to children; good
cook and laundress; references given; wages
from $10 to $12 month. Call 268 Stevenson St.
TWO Swedish girls would like places, one to
do cooking and downstairs work, the other
second and general housework; wages $15 and
•$25; references. 5902 Twenty- fourth st.
WANTED— A restaurant outfit; will pay 25
per cent more than dealer. Apply 227 San
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse wishes position,
Call at 113 Ninth st.
AN elderly man would like a position as night
watchman or to do chores; wages very small.
1522 O'Farrell st.
GOOD competent young man. wishes employ-
ment for outdoor or inside work. Address
box 1072. Call office.
BARBER. 12 years* experience, wishes position
In small town. Address T. O. ADAMS. 204
Turk st.. room 15. San Frmneiseo.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined; references unexceptionable. Address
box 4263. Call office.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9 p. m.
DENTISTS.
ONE of the most successful prospectors In the
West will take a partner for the coming sea-
son to locate claims In California; must have
$500. Address box 1064, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper in widower's family: reference if re-
quired. 1147 Mission, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
COMPETENT German woman wishes washing
or housecleanlng by the day. Call 827 Pacific.
$1500 ONLY for lons established bakery, candy
and Ice cream parlor, on principal street;
sold on account of death of - owner. V.
GROCHWELL. 25 N. El Dorado St., Stockton.
SUNNY cottages: 4 and 6 rooms; basement,
yard, stable. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
WANTED— By good working woman, chamber
or any kind of worlj. 173 Seventh, nr. Mission.
A REFINED lady will do light housework or
care for Invalid tn exchange for board. Ad-
dress box 112S ( Call office.
•OR sale, in a town of 7000 inhabitants, within
30 miles of San Francisco, and having the
best prospects of any town on the coast, a
furnishing goods business, carrying a stock
of $3000; will be sold for cost. Address box
105S, Call. • • ¦ ¦-__
YOUNG lady ••with means to be developed aa
medium to go on road with professional man.
Apply 39 Turk St., room 28.
PARTNERSHIP wanted In small paying busi-
ness by two young men. Address, with full
particulars, box 4110, Call office^
SITUATION by a respectable woman; is good
plain cook: not. afraid to work; can be seen
nt present employer's; city or country. 35
Fifth st.
COTTAGES TO LE/r.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; modern improvements;
sunny yard; cellar. ISS9 O'FarreU gt., near
Pierce: $16.
WIRE frame makers and apprentices. Accly
ROBT. L. TOPLITZ A CO., 849 Market st.
WANTED— Clerical position In office or fac-
tory by lady having had 8 years' experience
In the East; best references. Address
FRANK J. BAKER. 325 Montgomery st.
GIRL to assist in general housework: $10 to $12.
Apply 1183 Dolores st.. after 8 a. m. Monday.
FIRST-CLASS hand at dressmaking. 1423 Polk
street.
EXPERIENCED young lady desires position a?
saleslady; city references. Address box 4123,
Call. *
HONEST strong young woman wants general
housecleanlncr by the day or week. Call or
address 719 Bush Bt., rear.
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar; West-
ern Addition; doing a large, profitable busi-
ness; nret-claes stock: must sell: sickness
cause of sale; make offer. Box 4105, Call.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
St.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names elven; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
SOBER American cook wants a position as
cook at a mine or lumber mill employing
about 20 men. Box 4596. Call.
GOOD respectable woman (American) needs
work very badly; can do any kind; good
housecleaner: would go by day or any way.
The Eagle, 7S Third St., room- 6.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader: readings, 25c.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and fruit busi-
ness on main thoroughfare, centrally located
In city of Oakland; clean stock; flrst-class
trade; value in sight; no agents. Address
box 46, Call office. Oakland.
PLUMBER, strictly first class, will work by
the day or week for property owner: has all
necessary tools; city or country. Box 1005,
Call office.
DRESSMAKER from the East, flrst-class cut-
ter and fitter, wishes situation to co out by
the <!ay. 1532 Polk St., near Sacramento.
OPERATORS on wrappers; good pay; -also
hands with factory experience to take work
home. STENER. 109 Battery st.
WOMAN wants a place; general housework and
plain cooking; willing and obliging; children
no obiectlon: wages $20. Please call at 20
Howard court, oft Fourth st.
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic; sat-
isfaction; readings this week" 25c. 230 A Turk.
THOROUGHLY competent woman wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper for widower: no objec-
tton to children; country preferred. 812 How-
ard st. . • ¦
WOMAN wants work by the day; 85c per day;
city references. Address box 400, Call office.
MEDIUM and card reader; ladles, 25c; (tents,
COc. 1 Fifth st., third floor, room 43.
SHIPPING clerk In wholesale house; city cr
country; good references. Box 4114, Call.
SITUATION wanted by private coachman; city
or suburb; flrst-class references. Address 860
Union St.. Oakland, phone Main 782.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies for trim-
med and untrimmed millinery for spring sea-
son. Millinery Department, Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar.
STRONG healthy young woman would liks
situation as wetnurse: references given. Call
at 210 Clara st.. In the rear.
BAKERY and notion store for sale. 3177 Mis-
sion St., near ISth.
CIGAR store for rale. 28 East Bt.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer,
330 Ellis st.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
RESPECTABLE Japanese would like position
as flrst-class cook and manazer: good small
family. K. DATE. 110 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Lady for light housework: good
home: fair pay for right party. Call between
2 and 4 p. m. 116 Taylor st.
A REFINED lady, thoroughly domesticated,
desires position In a widower's family; small
children not an objection; references ex-
changed. Box 1065, Call.
CIGAR Btore for sale; doing good business;
owner going East. Jl2 Third st.
YOUNG lady; knowledge of stenography: light
office work; salary $10 month. Box 1124. Call.
CIGAR store: stock and outfit; snap; $50. RAY-
MOND & CO.. 916 Market St.. room 69.
EXPERIENCED colored girl, lately from New
England, good cook and laundress, wants
cooking or laundry work. Address H. A.. 20
Sherwocd place, city. . . •
WANTED— Refined nurse for 2-year-old child:
city references. Apply between >:30 and 10:30
a. m. at 2340 Washington st.
LADY wißhes a situation "in an American
family as infant's nurse and sewing; has
best of reference. Address 212 Second st..' city.
FIRST-CLASS cook for country, wage* $35;
German cook for city tn family cf J, D;
laundress for institution, $30; nurse girl, on*
child. $15; cook for mining camp. $40. MIS 3
DILLON. 315 Sutter St.; phone Main 804.
JAPANESE wants a situation as schoclboy in
small family. S. X., 105 Prospect place, city.
WANTED — By young man who speaks and
writes English, German and Spanish, position
in store or otherwise; business experience and
best references: willing to go to Mexico. Man-
ila or elsewhere. Address H. 8.. Call office.
CASHIER— A gentleman, middle-aged, with ex-
perience and references, desires position as
cashier In grillroom, cafe or restaurant. Ad-
dress, stating sa!ary, box 4117, Call office.
SITUATION wanted in a wholesale house by a
middle-aged German cooper; an all-around
good and reliable man. Box 4595. Call office.
A WOMAN to cock for men. country. $40: a
boarding house cook, country. $30. good place;
a German second girl, city, $20; 1 German
cooks. $35 and $30; housework, Berkeley, $30:
Oakland. $20: 20 housework girls, city and
country. $15 to $£>: a number of young girls
to assist. $10 to $15. MISS 11. CULLINAN.
323 Sutter st. .
PARTNER In a Buch and Zeltungsgeschaeft.
3(i66 Twenty-fifth Bt., near Harrison. J.
HIRSCHLER: call Sunday.
BORROW on diamonds; secrecy: private en-
trance: private rm«. T'ncle Harris. 15 Grant.
$500— CORNER grocery and bar; good location;
new stock; well established: good business.
Twenty-second and Treat aye.; no agents.
WANTED to rent— Furnished hotel In summer
resort by party with requisite qualifications;
best of references given. Box 4300, Call.
FOR SALE— Grocery store in flrst-class loca-
tion in the Mission: will sell very cheap; no
commission; ill health the reason for selling.
Address box 1124, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALE.
USEFUL man; housework; care Invalid; mid-
dle-aged man; speaks English, French; will-
ing and obliging; flrst-class reference. Box
1112. Call. '
YOUNG man, -22, desires 3 to 4 hours light
work dally; reasonable pay. Box 1134, Call.
YOUNG man, steady and sober, wants posi-
tion attending horse, garden. lawn or anr
other outdoor work; is trustworthy and
very handy; speaks German and Epgllsh: $20
month: references given; city or surroundings.
Box 4215. Call office. ' - .
MAN. 54, capable, wants something, to care for
to help out small pension; good at most things;
hotel nlcht clerk, watching, etc. Box HIS,
Call office.
GOOD cook, steady and reliable, wishes situa-
tion In small place; very small wages expected
in steady place. Address 636 Commercial st.,
WILLIAM BUCHANAN.
EXPERIENCED French foreman and wife
wish situations on orchard and vineyard: best
of references. Apply bor 393. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French gardr.er and wife want
situations in country: b*st of references. Ad-
dress box 393. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young single man.
age 30 years; first-class grower of roses,
carnations and chrysanthemums and good
propagator; ten years In last position:
from the East; could fill a private place;
best reference. CHAS A. BRUN.GER. Bell
Conservatory Company. Sacramento. Cal.
YOUNG man wants position; used to hard
work; expect living wages; could keep ac-
counts If necessary. Address box 1130. Call.
COLLEGE man desires position In any good
house: prefers architectural or nursery work.
Box 112 C. Call.
TO ladles' tailors and cutters— Most improved
scientific method taught; terms reasonable.
Box 1121. Call. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation; care
of horses and do garden work: small wages;
city references. Address box 1123. Call.
COACHMAN— Competent man. thoroughly un-
derstands his business In all branches, desires
permanent situation. As to references and
qualifications address C. 8.. 1022 Jackson st.
BAKER, flrst-class on bread and cake, wishes
situation; country preferred. Address box 335,
Call.
FRENCHMAN with best references, speaking
English and German, wants situation as
cook or waiter in a private family. W. V.,
. box 394, Call.
AN all-around shoemaker wants a position In
an institution: can teach boys to make shoes
of the best class: can also handle razor and
scissors. Address All-around Shoemaker,
. 474 Vi Jessie st.
THE annual meeting of the membership of the
Workmen's Guarantee Fund Association will
take place at Its nffle*. room 63. Flood build-
ing. TUESDAY EVENING. .Tnn. 30. at -7:30
o'clock. H. O. PRINCE. Sec.
ANNUAL Meeting.— The ann_sl meeting of
the lot owners In the Masonic Cemetery will
be held at the Masonic Temple on TUESDAY
AFTERNOON. February 6. 19C0. at 2 o'clock.
for the election <"if three trustees and such
business as may lesally rnme before It.
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
CHINESE and "Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414U O'Farrell «t.: fl. East 426.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the UNION TRUST COM-
PANY of San Francisco, will be held
at the office of the company in the Union
Trust Company's building, corner Montgom-
ery, Post and Market sts.. San Francisco.
Cal., on MONDAY, the fifth day of February,
I*oo. at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
eerve for the following year, the amendment
of the by-laws of the company and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the me»tlnjr.
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
AGENT for the marvelous "Non-generating"
gasoline lamp: newest light; sells on sight:
lights instantly with match; no more gener-
ating with alcohol torch, etc.: absolutely luo
candle power. Address Perfection Light Co.,
1002 First aye.. Seattle. Wash.
LADIES to handle our toilet preparations and
perfumes; high-grade goods: city and country;
liberal terms. Room 63. 12fr Sutter st.
150 PER cent to good agents. Call and secure
territory. 1033 Folsom st.. San Francisco.
AGENTS— Contra Costa. Alameda, San Joaqula
and Stanislaus: money In this; Investigate.
CLARK, 751 Nineteenth St.. Oakland.
AGENTS wanted— Memorial volume. "Life an< j
Labors" Dwight L. Moody, world's greatest
evangelist, superbly illustrated: our terms
most liberal: rapid advancement to hustlers -
salary if preferred; freight paid; credit given;
circulars and full particulars on application.
PREMIER PUBLISHING CO.. 630 Chestnut
St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
SPIRITUALISM.
EDUCATIONAL.
SAJt FRANCISCO CALI-
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Tell, corner ft Market and Third streets, open
cntil 12 o'clock every r.ight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ZT. Montgomery etreet.
comer Clcy: open urt!l 9:50 p. ra.
SCO Hayes etreet: open until »:30 p. m.
fTJ McAllister street: open until 9:80 p. m.
ni Larkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
:S<l Mission street; opfn until 10 p. m.
rrci Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
entil 9 p. m.
ICC Eleventh ftreet: open until • P- to.
lf?6 Valencia *trert; open until 9 p. m.
:n3 Polk etreet; ci>en tntil 9 p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; open untit 9 p. m. .
HELP WASTED — AGENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market' St.; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
CORNER grocery; full stock; sickness cause.
See COWING A CO.. 1130 Market st.
— NOTICE
STERNBERG & CO ¦
Have Removed to — —
935 Market Street
ii — Over Hale Bros.'
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CLASSES in German, • French.- Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Mlse M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st. .
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCINO. ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's 1 Academy. 927 Mission.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
A BUSINESS man of Al reputation would like
to Invest about J5OOO in some legitimate pay-
ing business; please state profits; principals
only. Box 1122, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT AY ANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT mother and daughter desire slt-
ua.tlons; understand all kinds of work; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook. 3% years last
place, desires situation; Jewish family pre-
ferred. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CO SHARES of stock In a growing Institution
will be sold at a low price by man who wishes
to use all his money at Cape Nome this sum-
mer. Box 396, Call office.
LADIES desiring flrst-class help of. all nation-
alities can secure game by .calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN, 523 Butter st.; phone
Grant 120.
DELICACY store for sale; 3 living rooms: good
set furniture; well located; party must leave.
ISS Fourth st.
GENERAL blacksmith and horseshoer wants
a steady position; good references. J. G.. box
1056 25th aye.. East Oakland.
$SCO— GROCERY and bar; NE. cor. Valley and
Dolores sts.; 5 years' lease; good business;
fine location.
BEST located bakery; center of little country
town; 45 miles from city. Apply 412 A ISth St.,
near Valencia.
$25— BRANCH bakery and confectionery; fix-
tures, awning, furniture, etc. Apply 1089
Howard st.
WELL located corner grocery and bar for sale
cheap. LEMLE. LEVY CO.. 265 Third st.
PROF. MAY.
Thirty Years Before the Publlo,^
123 TURK 123.
GIVES FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER,
NAMES OF YOUR SWEETHEART OR HUS-
BAND.
THE TRUE HERALD OF MERIT IS
DEEDS. THE SECRET OF PROF. MAY'S
UNBOUNDED SUCCESS IS THAT HE AD-
VERTISES NOTHING BUT WHAT HE CAN
DO.' •
He will not consent to have his ability meas-
ured by any other standard than his own. for
there are always partially developed mediums
and cheap pretenders found in every city, bring-
ing disrepute upon the profession. Professor
May is the peer of all mediums.
He gives advice on business, speculation. In-
vestments, Insurance, love, courtship, marriage
and divorce, settles ' lovers' quarrels, reunites
the separated and causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice, locates
mines. Interprets dreams, tells of your friends
and enemies, removes evil Influences, gives ad-
vice pertaining to lawsuits, etc.
There is no home so dreary and sad, no life so
wrecked or blighted, no heart co sad and lonely,
no condition or circumstances so complicated or
Incomprehensible that cannot be set right and
kept right after a visit to this Inspired prophet
of modern times. Call and be convinced of his
su:>erlor power.
Is your, husband or wife untrue? Has the
demon rum assailed the happy quietude of your
home? Does another share the love and atten-
tion that should belong to you? If so, come
and learn a swift and sure remedy that will
dispel the dark clouds and lift the load from
your aching heart. Those that are unsuccessful
are made prosperous and started on the road
to wealth. If you have been deceived by the
false predictions of others do not despair, . but
call and be convinced of the above statement.
OFFICE HOURS 9 A. M. TO 8 P. M.J SUN-
DAYS UNTIL 6 P.' M. Fees, $1 and $2.
Letters containing $1 and three questions
answered.
123 TURK STREET.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market; trance,
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp forclrcular; sittings $1.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 2Sc. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and general
housework: references; wages $25 per month.
Apply 429 Flllmore St.. bet. 10 and 12 o'clock
on Monday. .
JAPANESE wants situation at housework and
washing; good reference; $5 per week. Star,
22 Prospect place.
AN American woman of business ability; must
have some capital. Box 1127. Call.
GOOD barber wishes steady Job. Address
Barber, 474 Eddy.st.
WANTED— Party with references and business
ability to Interest himself in opening a de-
partment in a reliable and established real
estate firm for selling rooming houses; small
capital will develop this special department.
Address box 4111, Call office.
WANTED— German girl for cooking and» gen-
eral housework. Call 713H Treat aye.. after
1 v. m. to-day.
WANTED— Young gtrl to care for baby and
assist in housework. SI2A Francisco st.
LAUNDRY route, paying $18 per week, with
fine horse and wagon; a bargain if cold this
month. Address box 4112. Call office.
GREEN, 415— Cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment; rent IS.
WANTED— GirI to assist In plain cooking and
light housework; $10 to $12 warranted: good
home. Call 3538 Jackson st.
WANTED— German woman for cooking and
housework for adult. Call 427 Valencia •£..
from 12 tor. • r. m.
NEAT second girl for Sonoma, $15. Apply at
2210 Central aye.
WANTED— Young girl to learn a trade. Call
Sunday at 126 Kearny St.. room 42.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coat». $34 Geary st.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gouglk
and Grove sts.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. .
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician;
German eye water by mall. 50c. 1071% Market
*t.. San Franclnco: examination fre#.
FLATS TO LET.
COZY flat of 2 and 4 rooms, with bath; $3.
921 Harrison st.
FOR rent In Petaluma— An old-established sa-
loon; best location in town. See owner at
IDE 7 Folsom bt.
SALOON in wholesale district: cause sickness.
Inquire M. BLUMENTHAL CO.. 65S Mission.
BRANCH bakery and candy store at your price.
438 Third et.
FLATS of 5 and 6 rooms; $12 and $14; cottage
m 4 rooms. Key 623 Second St.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
WANTED— Cheap rooming-house for cash. C.
HANSEN. 9C2 Folsom st.
MINNA, 454V4— Upper sunny flat of 6 rooms and
bath. Apply on premises. ->•..
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat, 7 rooms
and bath; elegant view of bay and city. 3H
Scott «t.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Flat of 3 rooms; $M M.
NEAT restaurant, good location, for sale. Ap-
ply 207 Grant aye.. saloon.
100-ROOM bouse for sale or exchange for lodg-
ing house in Chicago or other business; no
agents. Box 2522, Call office. '
OLD established wagon-making and horseshoe-
ins- business; 15 years present location; cheap
account of death of owner. 22 Cortland aye.
STABLE for 7 horsea and 4 wagons and flat
of 6 rooms and bath. 1617 O'FarreU it.
HOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 76c; city visits $1 50; all
' animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer, who
fits exquisitely, desires work by the day in
families or at home. 1127 Ellis st.
BORROW money of the resoectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. If" Grant aye.
*li:t:ilMii> — I nl vernal Brotherhood.
TOEOSOPHICAL Bociety in America. 81»Mar-
ket et.— Lecture to-night, "Business and
Brotherhood." by A. Robinson. International
Brotherhood League Tv lday night; subject,
"Leirtl Murder."
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night: Jl 50 to is
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. ra.
DRESSMAKERS AND SHAMSTHUSSIiS
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. .3B7 G«ary St.: dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking. School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. I 103 Post.
ACCORDIOX pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
Ing.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
FOR sale cheap — Well established corner saloon;
sickness cause. Particulars call 525 Market.
ROUTE of 844 papers on this ' paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Postoffice. '
$150— SALOON and grocery store; must sell at
once; good' location. 921*4 Howard st.
$1550—19 ROOMS newly furnished; rent $75; $600
cash down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st:
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ' -
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Lo» Anreles. Cal.
•;¦¦ ': CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery or laundry wagon, 3-can milk
wagon. 2-seated spring wagon, 2 grocery, or
delivery wagons. 22 Cortland aye..- • -•
FOR sale^ — Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carrlase. Inspect 1011 Sutter st. v
NEW and 2d-hand wagons.buggles.carts and har-
ness, wk. & driving horses, loth and Valencia.'
ALL kinds of wngons, buggies, carts, harness.'
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission et.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evenings.
FURNITURE, carpets and fine upright piano;
must sell at once. 1021 Van Ness "aye.
ALMOST new Brussels carpet; reasonable.
Call to-day 507 Eighth st.
FLAT for sale; 6 rooms; modern; partly fur-
nished. US Seventh at.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
28$o6OO— Rent $340 per annum: a 3-story house
on Geary St.; store below and 2 flats of 4 and
5 rooms upstairs; very cheap.
$3730— Rent $360 per annum: a snugr piece of
business property; don't miss this chance. ,
FOR sale by non-resident, lot In Sunset; Tenth
aye... 1 block from park and cars; sacrifice.
Address box 4120. Call.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. makes Joans oa
second mortgages. Interests In estates, etc,
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st. .
Make offer— Northeast cor. Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$IWO— North line Carl st.. near Stanyan; 2Sx
137:6 feet; . .
H. MURPHY, 630 Market St.. makes loans on
second mortgages. Interests in estates, etc.
$1800— BARGAIN: large 1%-story. nigh stoop,
bay-window cottage: vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate glass double doors: handsomely
paneled -7-foot wide hall, with winding stair-
case and 6H-foot newel post: parlor 14x17.
wainscoted dining room 12x14: sitting room
BVixl4; wainscoted extension- kitchen 10x13;
ceilings 12 feet high; ventilators: plaster cor-
nlc-s; pantry, glass closet, etc.; 2 bedrooms
and bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all. with double-door entrance under bay;
lot 25x120. with a rustic stable 10x20 at end;
magnificent view: all for $1800; no agents. J.
W NEWTON. IS3O 12th aye.. near X st.. Sun-
set district. I blocks from Golden Gate Park.
$€WO— TWO houses, 4 lots. barn, granary, grist
mill and other business paying large for in-
vestment: this In a prosperous country town
near the city and is a bargain. -McLAUGH-
LIN A CO.. 7T7Vi Market st. '
$3500— IMBROVED property In -manufacturing
dlat. by an estate, rent $55: marine and Park
view building lots. Stanyan st.:. villa lots on
Ocean boulevard and south of Park; Investi-
gate. J. FRANK EL. room 75. 120 Butter st.
FOR sale, cheap— New I-story houses, 7 rooms;
latest Improvements;' Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-et. cars; patent sidewalk.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
It i-ases. In —rapper, for ma 11 Ins, $.1 per year..
FOR sale by • ¦ .
W. H. CRIM & CO.. lIS Montgomery st.
A Potrero block, partly Improved; cheap.
$26.000— McAllister st., opp. City Hall; 60x
87:6; improved. • "
A bargain— Two half blocks in Richmond dis-
trict; California and Clement sts.: will sub-
divide.
$2200— Cottage; Clipper st.; 6 • rooms and
bath; 24:6x114, • • „ „
$1700— Twenty-fourth St., nr. Church; 2oxl02:8.
with Improvements. • ¦
$1000— Lot on Second aye., nr. Point Lobos;
Corner Washington and Walnut sts. ; .fine
view; 68:9x127. ' . - .
$8000— Twenty-fourth St., near Bryant; 4 flats;
60x104; one-half cash. ,\-'£'." : 'L
Reduced to $6i3o— Comer Capp and Eight-
eenth sts.: house. 10 rooms; t baths; lot 40x
122:6; . corner portion vacant, with room for
$6000-^Mlssion St., near Sixteenth; store and
flat: a bargain; 25x105.
$5500— Clara St., near Fourth; 8 flats of -6
rooms each; always rented; house In fine condt-
s42so— Three flats; 4 and 6 rooms and bath;
In fine order: 27:6x100; good view; Colllngwood
st.. near Nineteenth.
$2750— A bargain; M lots In South 6an Fran-
C 's22°sO— Modern cottage: Golden Gats aye.. near
park"; 4 rooms and bath. '
$2200-3719 Twentieth St.. near Guerrero;
house and lot; 26x114.
$2000— Corner Twenty-first and Chattanooga
" 8 ' W*- H. CRIM _ CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
DON'T "
Go on day after day. month after month.
year after year. In that' endless pacing of
rent. Think of those who depend upon you.
Provide them with a home, j .
Take Mlssion-st. -car. transfer at Twgnty-
second.pt.. ride to Hoffman aye.. walk half a
block to Elizabeth st. and look. at the new
homes you can buy for your rent money.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post et.
ONLY ONE LEFT.
$12 60 a month buys a new 4-room and
bath' bay-window cottage and lot. Just
built; high basements, brick foundations.
Improved plumbing: near Crescent avunue and
Mission st. OSCAR H-YMAN. 14 Post st.
CHEAP! $100 Tuys 4 level lots. 30x100 each,
near San Mateo cars. /
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poet st.
BUILDING lots from $100 to $SOO In Mission res-
idence district on $5 monthly payments.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
CORNER. LOT
FOR » SALE '
One block from Flllmore and California sts. ;
level: all street work done; cable and electric
cars; nice for store and two flats; price only
$3250. Particulars of JULIEN SMITH. Real
Estate Agent, 420 Montgomery st.
DAVID BTEKN ft SONS.
PANHANDLE LOTB.
MAKE OFFER. MUST BE SOLD.
$1900 each— Lots on south. line of Hayes «t.
106 feet east of Clayton; 25x137:8 each.
• . DAVID STERN & SONS,
•¦-.y.C'uu • ' 11 Montgomery st.
'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. V. '.'. '.. .'.flats' for' sale.".."/.......;;;.
Oak St., facing new Park; nice pair of flats,
with a neat cottage on rear avenue; pretty
neighborhood: price $6230. Particulars of
JULIEN SMITH. Real Estate Agent. 420
Montgomery et. '
FOR~SA*LE. _„ _ t ,_ ,
Lot 2Sxll2":8 feet, on.Ellert st.. between Ben-
nington a«d North aye.. near Cortland aye.:
price $3T,0 each. Call at . 26 Turk St.. Park
Hotel, for t days: must be sold. ,
FOR sale— New modern ' cottages, 6 rooms and
bath; all the. latest Improvements; on easy
terms; on Vermont St.; between tSth and 13th.
Apply WILLIAM HELBINGf. 2712 Folsom st.;
houses open Sunday. . .. * .
MODERN flats— s.">*oo: containing 5 and 9 rooms
each ;; highly decorated .and finished .with
all. modern, conveniences : 6?r. Waller' *t.. one
block from ¦ HolKht and Pierce; easy . terms;
F. NELSON, builder. • ,
PARTNER wanted by an expert ladl«s' tailor
- and cutter; must have small capital. Box
1120. Call office.
PARTNER wanted In merchant tailoring busl-
. ness. Address C. box 20. Call offlce.
~ J I'EKSOiNALS. | ~~~
WIDOWER, 45, with. little capital. soberTcood
reference, would like to correspond with young
lady or widow having some means; object,
mutual acquaintance, possibly matrimony.
Address box 137. Call offlce, Oakland.
A YOUNG English lady, highly recommended,
wishing to return home, would render serv-
ices to a lady In exchange for her fare: ref-
: erences exchanged. Address box 392. Call.
RETIRED gentleman, liberal Income, wishes to
meet lady of some means; object matrimony.
Address, box 4114, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED widower, tall, fine appearance,
and educated, would wed a lady who. would
appreciate a true man and kindness. Box
1115, CallL
HLUE-EYED baby'glrl for adoption. MRS
DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
A GOOD speaking knowledge of the Spanish
language can be acquired In a few weeks by
the conversational method at Heald's Busl-
.ness College Nlrht School. •;."<:
THERE Is being organized a Heald's Busi-
ness College Night School and Stenographic.
Speed Club for stenographers and others who
wish to Increase their speed In shorthand
writing. ' ¦
NOTE this— The Star Hair Remedy has a
greater sale In San Francisco than all other
tonics and restorers combined. Why? Be-
cause tt Is guaranteed and never falls. These
facts are recognized. If you are not In the
procession It's your fault. However.- It Is not
too 'ate to fall In line. At druggists and halr-
dressers; manfg'd by Btar RemedyCo.,-H. f.
SEND for my formula for effectually repelling
and dispelling the obnoxious flea from your
person or home; 25 cents. DR. JOHNSON.
1304 Pine st. ¦ , - . _ . . . t
MRS. h! H. DC VOLL; 4*2/5 Ellis st.; fine
facial massage given.
¦ ¦ .' *
proved; good buildings.
$2000—13 acres- Los Gatos: hard-finished house:
good Improvements, :v, ¦
I. C. SCHARKF. 20 Montgomery st.
IF you have real estate In any county or Statw
tn the Union, cash or exchange, list with us:
trying to dispose of It yourself you lr-»e
chance of investment. PACIFIC. STATES
REALTY CO.. 320 Parrott building.
FOOTHILL ranch to lease or for sale: six
miles from Napa: 2«0 acres; house, barn,
etc. Apply to C. S. CAPP A CO.. real estate
, agents. 630 Market st.
SMALL ranch of 5 acres: l»v*>l; near San Ma-
teo; suitable for chicken ranch: good soil: Im-
provements; use of adjacent land. Aidress
207 Church St.. near Market.
FOR- sale— A beautiful country home: 30 acres
of full bearing fruit: fine house of 12 rooms
with all the modern conveniences; located In
Alameda County. Address Owner, box 105 S.
Call of flee, . Oakland.
RANCn to let near Oakland and electric car*.
Owner, 117« East 14th st.. Oakland.
J. W. HORN. 812 Main st.. Petaluma: r»al
estate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for Tree list of Sonoma County bargains.
MARIN Co.; 24 miles from S. F.— s4o to ISO
per acre; chotce. lands In tracts of all sizes;
improved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. Mills bids.. S. F.
FOR sale or exchange for Improved San Fran-
cisco property, fruit ranch 102 acres; value
$3Coo. ; Address H. F.JSPEITZEN. Watsonville.
WHEAT farm, 320 acres, level, on county road.
1 mile- to town, in Tehama Co. : yields 22 bush-
els per acre; 200 In grain; small orchard: well
25 feet deep; low price; easy terms: illus-
trated book free.
MARION GRIFFIN. 718 Market, nr. Call big.
NEAR town In Tehama County. 444 acres; 63
acres fall bearing orchard; 300 acres loam: 140
acres rood for wheat: balance pasture: h<Mi*#.
barn: price $13,000: easy terms. M. GRIFFIN.
719 Market st. ; Illustrated book free.
SANTA . CLARA Valley fruit, farming aad
stock hind's; owner's sale In tracts of S to iOO
aeres:'casy terms, or win exchanzs for Saa
Frsnc>co property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and <?. C. VACHELL. JO Mont«o_ery
St.. between 11 a, m. and 2 p. m. dally.
MILLBRAE lots and blocks: fenced; water
work*. BUTTERFIELD. »27 Market st.
YES $3 per acre up: farm list; free fare. M.
Cni~~~N. 7V< Msrket »»¦¦ pear Cult iviiMlny.
For Additional Classified Advertise*
meats See Page Thirty.
PARTNER wanted to take patent rights In
. foreign countries of a valuable tmproved
automatic electric railway signal; also State
rights of a nut-locking device. J. JOR-
GENSON. 1221 Green st
YOUNG man from the East wants partner,
active or silent,. In good paying business;
new to the West; fine chance to right party
with small capital. . Box 1138. Call offlce.
JOHN FFORR. 403 Pine St.. • ¦ -," -
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
$20.000— A splendid property in the best busl-
ness part of Hayes st.
$26.000— An Inside corner property; a bargain.'
$30.000— Taylor st.. one block from Market; a
fire buy.
$25,000— Market St.. near Haight.
A park block, close to the park, cheap.
$5000— Rent $50 per month; fine 2 -flat house
near the entrance to the park; an excellent
opportunity.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third «.. near Mar-
ket: TOO rooms. I3c nl*M; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
ful'*crti>t!on» has been ! established at the
r.orthwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till * p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver*
t'.feraenis snd subscriptions has been opened
at I_3 Pojk St.; cpen till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH otfire for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 10?6 Va-
;«r<-ii> tt
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Btc — For Sale
49 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
ST7 Sixth ft.; auction sales every Wednesday.
FULL! VAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
to HEAD fine, draught and driving horses at
1621 and "._: :.V»»-t «.. i>etl Twelfth and
Brady; alen come — ne. matched black ;>-jh:.s.
JCO HEAD inarm and celdinrs: 4, 2. 10 years
«id; 1000 to 14C0 It*. ; $« to $100; mostly all I
broke- - Afthe G«r.ty U*Tich. (¦raysoo, Cal.
6 FRCRH milch cowe for «_!e by J. F. PERLE..
Angel Island, CaX
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team. 16H: 10 years
*>!¦*. DAI.ZIEL. V»t. T>ent'.yt. *'5 O- G ave.
HOI M>— LOIJIiINU— KOII SALE.
M ROOMS: BTDCKT CORNER.
NEW MODERN BUILDING.
ELECTRIC ELEVATOR.
STKAM HEATERS IN EVERY ROOM.
Oak Furniture, Halr-T«p Mattresses.
Brut-s^lF '"arpet*: Everything Up-to-date.
10 BATHROOM SUITES.
C»-c<>n.t Gas and Klectric Light.
ROOMS ALL RENTED: CLEARS $300.
Has Sever Changed Hands.
<"ost Jl2.«x»; price reduced to $C'iUo.
tSamf i>aymer.?s at * per cent per annum.
< '»-n<*r very sirk und compelled to Bell.
For saie by DECKER. H'2o Market st.
10 BOOMS; on O'Farrell st $323
N rooms; on Taylor St.; worth $800 $410
22 r«K-ms: corner; clears JIM $1600
10-room fkit: clears t1.%0 $.7)0 j
Corner on Market: clears $4*o; 104 rooms. .UBoo i
.N«-ar Call office; worth $2-' CO: 2» rooms *12<J0 j
Mod. hou*>e: elev.; clear* J300; M rooms. ..KWO j
On one floor: clears $l<>o. It rooms $9<KI ]
Paying houne: clear* $130; 13 rooms $«'.o |
Down town: rent 525: 51 rocms $523 ,
Market ft.; rent J75: 26 rooms ' $K3O
Corner: onry $300 cash: 16 rooms $S r >o
•'"•ar!ng $"100: rent $50. IC rooms $.'5O
Boarding; corner house; 22 rooms JIO.iO
Hotel and bar; Ci boarders; 1 1.9 rooms $.V)OQ !
100 other houses; 3 to f.<V) rooms; $50 t0.. 510. 003 j
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICK AND LOCATION. MONET TO LOAN |
OX ANY HOUSE TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
11. C, DECKER. IC2O Market St.. cpji. Fifth. [
11600-3 ROOV.S: all on 1 floor; $M>o down: tal-"j
ant at 1 p»*r cent per month; paying well.
V'".-f rooms; nice fiat; on eacy payments. I
t-'-0- II roonis; good location; $50 rent; easy |
payments.
15 house* from J3OO to J2000; paying well; i
good location*: eary payments. .
-A. R. E - It. CO.. 74S Mission kt.
jsnft— si ROOMS; rood location: all rented.""'
tits— 22 rooms; aU rented: rent $23 a month.
tVA— 2g rooms: north of Mar Vet st.: low rent.
ssr.f'— 4o rooms; all rented: rent VI a month.
$:2«<^-€S rooms; rent $100. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
R. H. WIN'.STON _ CO.. 1P26 Market ~*C. '~
12 rooms; rent $75: clears $73; only $850
S2 rooms, offices; che«-D rent 1030
66 rooms; fine corner; offices;, part cash 3.VH)
40 bombs; rent.s!2o: good location 2000 '
Money to loan at 2 per cent on furniture. .
13 ROOMS— Fine location: cheap $425 |
15 roon_— Clean and neat $*W) :
30 rooms— Clears $IM monthly $180y !
12 rooms— Fine transient $130
Pacific Stale* Realty Co.; 220 Parrott bldg.
?4 ROOMS; new -furniture; coFt $:600; JISO9; H
rash; b!« bargain C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
n ROOMS: rot to «e!l; mortgaged »jy>; cheap
• t $i 0». C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
JO ROOMS: good rv»k furniture; nice location;
$1050. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
tt ROOMS: flr«t floor offices; clears $*oo a
month. DAVLS. 11C4 Vnrfc-t et.
I'ROM Jto *4 rooms: many real bargains M
GRIFFIN. 71» Market- tt.
HOTEL with 12 room*, all occupied: on ac-
omirt nf departure; excellent chance. Ad-
dre»* iy;x 4JIS. Call.
liOO— HOUSE t rooms neatly furnished; sll
rented: c—tral location; rent $16. Box 4UB.
Call offlce. "-.- V
L^DOINfJ hous* — stt r>.r-,a<". «r«y ; 20 sunny
twrp«: Ttmrt r»ll 'm amount of Bickneam.
• BOCSES TO LET] T"
A— PRINTED 'Iist: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBBE.V — CO.. 14 Montgomery..
RAY- WINDOW house of 7 room* and bath In
«iti belt of Mlpelon: rent $20; 2021 Howard
m: 'Ajiy'.y O. 11. UMBSEN _ CO.. U Mont'gy.
I'.HOaDWAY. U25. ¦, b/etween Laxuna t»nd Bu-
Ichan&n Ms.— Elegant house of U roor::s; bath,
n-n-Mti" room, etc.; r.ewly renovated. For
further particulars app.ly 'to O. H. UMBSEN
_._C.O,, 14 Montjro mery st.
A. M SPBCK * CO .6CT MARKET BT.
Ms California; « r.514[1641 Eddy: fl r $»
1705 W«*oti: 4 r.;...110]154S Howard; S r....51«
r-7 r.llis; 15 r...517 50) 110 Nsloma: s r $1C j
NEW-t rooms; modern; (25: Buchanan and
t Greenwich *t*., or will *ell $300 cash: balance
Ilk* rent. THE MCCARTHY CO.. <*6 Markt.
TO let— Furnished or unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable In rear: 817
Union rt. Inquire A. DKCOURTEUX. SZJ
Merchant at. ¦
NEATLY furnished house; 7 room and bath: j
•unrjy *Jde of street; nice neighborhood; $5«.
1614 Qol4en Gate art., bet. Scott and Devlta- >
dero fcts. ¦ " .' .-> .' I
FAIR OAKS. 28— Sunny hous«; S rooms and |
bath; water free; nice yard; rent 320. . j
HOUSBof 7 rooms, yard and buti. 1021 j
LOMUARD rt. ' i
NOn, jr.rT. - '•or. Valley— Fix' rooms, "bath; $10; i
Mission and Twenty-ninth et. can. \ j
STEINWAY piano and household furniture;
private sale. Box 78, Call offlce, Oakland.
BAR and back bar for sale. 1400 Guerrero st.,
comer Twenty-sixth; a bargain.
SUPREME COURT questions of Cal. bound:
eend for circular. REUBEN'S, 420 Montßomry.
4 TWO months old Eskimo pups at 425 Noe
st ; reasonable. . "¦•* i'< .^¦•••V
FOR two days only, a modern style sealskin
Jacket for $%: cost S2OO. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant aye. ¦ -~
FOR sale — Thoroughbred Great Dane pups,
with pedigrees, at 430 Twenty-ninth st.
FOR eale--A No. 7 Union range: good condi-
tion; cheap. 256 Eleventh St. ¦
17- HIN'JEH family sewing machine: great bax-
galn. "00 Eddy st. j^__
FOR sale — Thoroughbred Scotch collie, dog;
young; cheap. 1225 Cortland aye.
FRESH milch Jersey cow and calf for sale;
good milker. 1223 Cortland aye.
GREAT Dane pups for sale. Sunset Kennels',
405 Frederick st. -----.\
A BEAUTIFUL Mason mahogany, 18 ribs, pearl
Inlaid mandolin, cost originally $27 to be sold
for $12. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
4 FRESH cows for sale. ? thoroughbred Jer-
•eys. Corner Rose and Ban Pablo ayes..
West Berkeley. ;. .-..i_,
FOR «ale— Second-hand 2 horsepower gasoline
engine, nearly new. L3O Lake st.
* X J, C . AMERA outfi t: cheap. Address box 4127. i
Call otfice. *—..>£, . ;l
PLrAPURE yacht for sale cheap. Apply 806
Third st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug- I
glstg. or Dog Hospital. 610 Golden Gate aye.
A-BUXS. sells or rents gf-ar machinery, en-
EAFES— New and second for banks merchants
rtearaer*. residences: portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion *afe». vaults etc Th»
Wait* Bafe Co.. 103-111 Market si. S. F.. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, %t 60. BACIGALUPI
833 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
ONE 4-alded sticker; l planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; i locomotives. 220 Fremont.
A-P SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7J PoTT
ular Price Hatterg. 130 Kearny at., nr. Pine.
DIt—ES pante. $2 75; fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. Sl3 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers,lath»s
Iron & wood; rd-hand. J. BURKE. IS9 BeaK
NEW -and- eerond-hand slot machines bouidit
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: 6. drawers;
oak; complete: cheap. 1915 M!*slon. nr. 15th.
6ECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. 11. 8. White. M 6 Mission.
SAFHS-Ne— and" second-hand. THE HER-
MANN BAFB CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st. |
GOOD upright planor nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister St.
BAKS.. back bars, mirror*, enowcases. coun- BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. BCHMITZ. 16
ters llnol«um. office furniture, store and of- T'cAlllster st. next Illbernla Bank.
flc« furniture and fixtures ; new and second-
hand J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-102S Mission SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
et., above Sixth. MT'LLEU. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARS, counters showcases, shelving, mirrors, CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
bought sold anfi exchanged. 1063 MUslon st. Call. 16 papes. sent to any address In the
: United States or Canada on© year for $1.
ONE B. B. Fay fairy Invalid's tricycle, risrht nn«tsi»r«« paid^
steering lever, cushion tires, hand or foot — ~ —— '
power, cost $50. now $30. used 3 weeks: 1 OFFICES "AND STORES TO L.XT.
double reed organ, Al order, cost $75, now $25: ; ... ....... . .. ..
34 surgical instruments. co« $40 now $15 best uxlO j,. SQUARE building, opposite City of
sriii w^rfM *ffi p-'«p -'«- s a^ k r re r d Geary • u - ioe «« t °~
Urns. Berkeley station; open Sun. morning. offices and stores.
_- t . ¦ --_-. : «,.^ — Z 1—"~~Zr~1 — "~~Zr~. — wo „. SUTTER. 717— Choice, sunny and reasonable;
CHICKEN ranch. $IWO; house. 4 rooms; barn; \tb th appreclate( s lf g*. en; investigate.
chicken-house and chickens; hay; 2 cows; '. ZJL L
horse and wacon ; 60 fruit trees: B Vt acres
candy loam; terms $1000 down. M. E. MO- TO LET— Fine etore. 1266 Mission st.
LATT. Cotati. Sunoma County. Cal. ¦ ¦ ¦ — —
MM.E. Neergaard (pupil of Count St. Germain),
f.16 Geary; 1 to 8 p. m. ; by. mall, $1; classes.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LKT.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City of
Paris. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
offices and stores.
SUTTER. 717— Choice, sunny and reasonable;
hot baths; appreciated tf seen; Investigate.
TO LET— Fine store. 1265 Mission st.
LARGE store, E5 feet deep. 14 feet high; busi-
ness location; 2 living rooms. 151 Second st.
STORE, 4 living rooms and stable; 2 blocks
from Market st. KELLY. 437 Parrott bldg..
$20— STORE; 2 show windows and 6 large rooms
adapted tn any business. 422 Sixth st.
$6750— HYDE St., only 1 block from the City
Hall; rent $50; I-story house. 8 rooms, bath,
etc.; big bargain; bound to sell at once.
$15,500— Large lot on a main street in whole-
sale district south of Market; contains 9600
square feet; cheapest land In entire district.
$3600— Rent $30: brand-new flats In Park Pan-
handle district; contain 5 and t rooms, bath,
etc.. each. •
' $6500— Halght st.; sunny side of street; lot
27x137:6, with 2-story house of 10 rooms and
bath, etc; expensively built; this Is a great
bargain; foreclosure sale.
$U,ooo— Octavia-st. corner, not far from Mar-
ket; extra large lot. 60x87:*; rent $35.
LYON _ HOAO,
114 Montgomery st.
CHFAP LOT 9
$1500— Northwest corner. 45x100, California st.
and Ninth aye. •••'".-'
$$00— Seventh aye., north of Lake st. : 25x120;
close' to Presidio reservation: dp other lot In
this block for less than $1000.
$950— Very easy terms; comer, 32x100: Clement
St., corner Twenty-sixth aye.: Sutro cars pass
the property. - LYON A HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
_______________ __
?';>; 667 Market st., opp. Kearny.
$137,500.
Stores and offices; near White House; 3
frontages; rents $835 net.
$100,000.
Ellls-st. corner; 60x127; stores and 70 rooms;
will pay 7 per jcent net.
$55,000.
Near Stockton and O'Farrell; 36- foot front;
4-story brick; stores and 36 rooms above.
$27,500.
Near Eddy and Jones; store ao_ 28 rooms
above; modern; pays 7 per cent net.
$24,000.
Sixth St.; 73 feet from; 4 stores; rents $200.
$22,500.
Third st.; about 325 ft. from Market; store
and lodging-house above.
$21,000.
Mission st.. near Third; lot 40x32; best bar-
gain on Mission st. to-day.
$7G50.
6 fine flats: rent $960 yearly; downtown; lot
CO ft. frontage. . % .
$6000.
Post St.; 2 good flats; rents $60; lot 27x110 ft.
. . $5500.
Lot 100x100 feet, and cozy modern residence;
fine stable; warm belt of the Mission.
A. M. SPECK _ CO., 667 Market St.
BOL GETZ A BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR _\ARK LOTS.
Now for » Prosperous Era for San Francisco.
$200 to $400— Near Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard
and Park, from H to X St.; $5 monthly.
$500 to $800— Choicest lots In Sunset; streets
graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
$300 to $800— Cheapest residence lots la Rich-
mond; easy terms.
$100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st. elec-
tric car line; only $5 monthly. ' . .
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
BARGAIN— I. Ice upright piano; only $60 cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
MKDICAL.
MRS DrTkOHl] " thTonTy"" reliablelTdies' phyl
slcian and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at offlce, $5; safe and reliable; con-
• eultatlon free. .1122 Market St.. between Ma-
eon and Taylor: bours. 9 to 6.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' spe-
dalist formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1362 Market.
bas returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowled-e: cure at
offlce $3; warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Offlce. 113 Eddy st.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladies' physician
and specialist; home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $5: consulta-
tion free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
xln: bours 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
DR. G. W.- O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success euar_n-
teed. Write cr call at 1023H Market st.
WE guarantee to cure any female trouble for
$5; male and female physicians in attendance;
• confidential consultation free. WOMEN'S
MEDICAL INSTITUTE. _36 Market.r.l27-128.
I MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1033 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; guaranteed treatment at offlce, J5; safe
i and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5; consultation free. 218 Kearny St.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market; ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $5.
J'MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth ft.. Alameda—
Female, specialist; home in -confinement.
I DR~VVISE. the ladles' specialist, 1118 Market
ft.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.,
MRS DR. GWYER. MO Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larktn; hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to t.
DR WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
easf of the human body. 115 Mason »t.
MJ-TAPH.BIC-.
COLLEGE — Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy.
occultism: free cllnle Tues. evg. SO5 Larkln.
BlINt-S AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares: fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 62 cents per share cr monthly install-
ment-: tend for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California st.. rooms 6-7.
WANTED— Parties to help develop five gold
quartz claims, Tuolumne County: partially
opened. Uox 1333. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
I BOILERS engines. 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
: BARS., back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and ot-
nce furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
et., above Sixth.
TO-DAY we offer a fine Gibson for $200. Decker
& Son for ?250 and other bargains equally
good. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. v
DECKER _ SON and Packard are the names
to remember when you look for a first-class
piano. Agency MAUVAIS', 769 Market St.
I-VROE' stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos, prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 224 Post st.
50 SLIGHTLY used high and medium grade
pianos: special discounts for cash; open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co., 136 Ellis st.
FEW more pianos will be. sold this week for.
storage, cheap for cash; correspondence rollc-
Ited: $40 up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
A BARGAIN— An uprlcht piano: elegant: old
English, antique designs; $100. Room 10.
Flood building.
WANTED— First-class baby grand piano In
good condition. Box 1111. CaH offlce. ¦
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 per
month. Scott- urta- Piano Co.; 660 Hayes st.
V G. BADGEH. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Haliett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER, Colby and Spencer pianos. Bpencer
warerooms. 1818 Market st.
KNABB pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LEH _ CHASE. SO O'Farrell St.
It— AL US'I'AT-— CUIVIKI— For Sale
A—s4ooo;A — $4000; 44 acres; B minutes' walk from town
and R. It. station tn Solano County: all level;
20 acres In bearing orchard: 9 acres In af-
falfa; 15 acres In grain;* good, ne— house,
barn, poultry houses, incubator: fruit house:
400 head of poultry, horses. Jersey cow; all
the tools and furniture In the house; profit-
able Income place, ready to step into.
NAPA BARGAIN.
17 acres Just outside town limits of Napa
depot; fenced In 5 fields: all level, loam soil:
IVi acres In family orchard: good house of
( rooms and bath: 3 good barns: 6 poultry
houses; milk cellar, windmill and tank; wa-
ter piped everywhre: about 73 chickens,
horse, cow, cart and harness and the agri-
cultural Implements; price only $2500.
SAN RAFAEL SUBURBAN HOME.
64 acres near San Anselmo station: good
house of 9 rooms; good barn; porch on 3 sides
of the house; plenty of water; commanding
nice view; nicely Improved with orchard.
flow-srs and shrubbery; price .$4300; on eaay
HOTEL PROPOSITION
The lease, good will. etc.. of the leading
hotel of one of the best railroad towns in the
State; new 3-story brick building on the prln-
cipal street; 63 bedrooms; fine parlor, offlce
and reading room and the leading bar In ih-
town; all completely furnished and equipped:
capital required. $3000. Particulars of DA-
VID BUSH. Country Department, G. 11.
UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
ASTONISHINO offer; $30 to $75 per acre; I to
200 acres; size tracts to suit; cash, easy terms
or might take part In exchange; all very
finest: highly cultivated level loam; In must
desirable location: within 2V» miles, by level
sprinkled road, from Napa; unsurpassed for
fruit, vineyard, olives, nuts, corn, etc. ; now
raising immense crops of grain; unequaled
for poultry business; 2 living creeks: abund-
ance of well water; complete of buildings;
scattering large caks: would be cheap even at
$100 per acre; better than stated.
. N. D. SICK ELS. THE LAND AGENT.
*'.' ¦-• 10 Gear>' St.. opp. Chronicle bldg.. S. F.
A LIST of Special Bargains— Whe« sending for
my catalogue always state about what In
wanted, amount to Invest, etc.: I'll then also
furnish a specially prepared list of "snap"
bargains near what you want, not in cata-
losru.?. While I make a special feature of
Napa and Sonoma County places. I'm person-
ally acquainted with over 3(KO ranches for sale
or exchange In California— more than any
other ten agents in the State. I travel nearly
' all the time, inspecting country property.
>;. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent.
10 Geary St.. opp. Chronicle bldg.. S. F.
12.13 ACRES level sandy loam soil; 24 acres
vineyard: 6 acres choice bearing orchard:
25U0 strawberry plants*, half an acre in. small
fruits and vines; small old house and bam:
obundant natural sprln<- water: an ideal fruit
and poultry ranch for $1300. J. W. HORN.
812 Main St., Petaluma.
$2 50 PER acre: 800 acres near Uklah on rail-
road; a bargain.
$1660— Half cash.: 9 acres Napa; nicely lm-
FOR sale— Property at the S. E. cor. of Masrn
and Pacific sts.: will sell as a whole or will
subdivide. For particular, call at 734 Shotwell
St.. bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second, or
address box 353, Call offlce.
ABSCLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER -CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
.PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED to purchase ($7OOO or less) modern
6 or 7 room house or cottage; north of Call-
• fornla and west of Van Ness; sanitary
plumbing. Address by letter J. E. 8..
room 1. 533 Kearny st.
REAL ISSTATE — CITY — KOR SALE,
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (INC.),
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
25x68:9— Sutter st.. near Leavenworth; house
of 10 rooms; rent $50; $14,000.
35x137:6— Hayes st., nr. Flllmore; 3 flats; rent
$90; $13,500.
?6xB7:S— Jessie St., near First; old Improve-
ments; rents $62 50; $10,000.
25x100— Van Ness aye., nr. Pacific aye.; mod-
ern 12-room house.
25x137:6— Locust, near Jackson: modern house
of 10 rooms; $9300.
25x90— Turk st., near Laguna; 3 modern flats;
rents $77; $8730.
23x80— Fourth St., near Harrison; store and
flat: $«800; sale urgent. . , .
112:6x37:6x87:6— C0r. Kearny- and Greenwich
stp. ; 10 two-story houses; rents $si); $6000.
25x75— Cor. Virginia and Prospect ayes.; 3
flats; rents $37; $5000.
25xSl;6— Twenty-third St.. near' Dolores; two-
story house, 6 rooms and bath; $500 down, bal-
ance same ac rent; Interest at 6 per cent; must
be sold to close an estate.
3Gx9<>— Guerrero -St., near Nineteenth; cottage;
$3700. . .
S'xlOO — Sanchez at., near Nineteenth; modern
cottage; S2£oo.
25x100^- York St., near Twentieth; house of 10
rooms; $2800.
25x80— Diamond St.. near Twenty-fourth; cot-
tage; rent $15; $2300.
25x120— Eleventh aye., near Lake st. ; new cot-
tage; $2100.
23x50— Auburn St., near Pacific; S-story house;
rents $24; $1700.
20x60 to rear street— Salmon, near Pacific;
$1300; 2-story house. . •
UNIMPROVED.
68:9x87:6— C0r. Fillmore and Green sts.: $6000.
25x100— Florida St., north of Eighteenth; ad-
Joining Union Brewery; offer wanted.
240x150— Cor. Thirty-fourth aye. and A; $3300.
25x100— McAllister at., near Lyorf; $2250.
25x120— Second aye., nr. California St.; $1200.
80x71:10— SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
260x125— NW. cor. of Fountain and Twenty-
fifth sts.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and ' have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY — CO., Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Butter .ts., San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and i>roadway. Oakland.
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.-
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada- one year for $1.
po*ta_e paid.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGKONS.
~~~" PARAL YSI S ; >".
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: SKLV DISEASES;
CONSUMPTION:
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES,
Cured where all others have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFEt
Different from any other treatment. ¦
Write for references. Consultation free. *
DR. L. J. STRATTON. &07. 60S and 509. Par-
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OffIce and residence,
1021U Market Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorger. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich In tone, easy to
work- low price; sample dozen 4x5 and devel-
oper mailed 25c. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Qeary.
BELLE-OUDRY- IS NOT A LADY
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
FOR sale Crazy quilt and shams; also White
sewing machine. Box 4140.. Ca1l office.
FRINGES— Special orders to match materials
at ETTINGER'S. 723 Market st. . /
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 100 rooms;
25c to $1 E0 per night; $1 oO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or parits |3 75: our
specialty In remnants r.llows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. _ *«• LEMOS.
1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.: 632 Kearny. near Sacto;
also 1644 Market st.. under St.. Nicholas.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN - CO.. 733 Market st.
MASSAGE and medical irymnastlcs given by
experienced nurse. Address box 4227. Call.
FIGER'S sweepers are • ->c best and cheapest.
All klndi repaired end for sale at 34? Sutter.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lng call on B. COHEN. 157 Third St. •
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. 506 Kearny.
BEST price for ccst-off clothing and. brlo-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third St.; send postal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialist*, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId. gold for manu('K. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 248 O" .rell. bet. Powell ano Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: b001...t. J. WHITE-
HORN, A.M.. Ph.D.. 13» Linden. Oakland.
CHEAPEST anil be.it In Africa— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Can_d& one year for $1,
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE
BALDWIN & HOWELL. . A. ' ;
• . 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE, i
$650*>— Octavia st., near Broadway; -2-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137 :«;.
rents $45. . . . -
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
Entire block, bounded by Folsom st.. Treat
aye.. 13th and 14th «ts., being offered in sub-
divisions. Call at office and get diagram; $1100
ai.d upward.
A BARGAIN IN RICHMOND.
$12.000— Half block In Richmond district:
fronting on Point Lobos aye. ; graded and street
work partly done.
AN ' OFFER WANTED
$300<>— California st.. near Van Ness aye.; good
cottage of 7 rooms and bath: lot 30x137:6.
$3500— Tehama st., near Third; S tenements;
rents $76; lot 50_S0.
MISSION-STREET CORNER
$35,000— Mission st.. near Second: 61:5x73:6.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
$28,000 — Choice piece of business property
north of Market st. and within 4 blocks of
Powell and Eddy; Improvements consist of
stores and lodging-house above of 23 rooms;
rent $ISS.
CORNER LOT,
$$000— Sacramento Kt., between Laguna and
Buchanan: 40x127:S l i.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$025 AND UPWARD— Rapidly growing, resi-
dence section.
On very easy payments: choice lots In the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and I
sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes. ; right on
the Park and the new Nlneteenth.-s.ve. boule-
yard: a number of lots already sold: balance
bound to sell quickly; fine Investments; good
building lots; all ready; lets on official grade;
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank side-
walks; 6 per cent interest only.
PRICES $525 UPWARD— YOUR OWN TERMS.
Mon^y advanced for building purposes; elec-
trie cars pass the property; see this block at
once. Go to our branch offlce to-day, cor. II
st. and Ninth aye.; price lists, etc., there or at
our offlce. BALDWIN - HOWELL.
. 10 Montgomery st.
R_ AX, ESTATE-— CTITY— -FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
«3S Market street.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
PRICE REDUCED.
MUST BE SOLD— MAKE OFFER.
R<%its $35 per month; 3 elegant modern flats of
6. o an.l 7 r*mj and bath; aU :r.>vl?ra
Improvement*: lot 26xl3<>; near Seven-
teenth and Market sts.
OPPOSITE PROPOSED PARK PANHANDLE.
PAYS 8 PER CENT.
$12.5CO— R»nts $3«5«; Oak St.. near Octavia: 2 new
modern Slats of 6 and 7 rooms and bst*>
and 2 flats rear street: lot 27:*xt2O.
PAYS 94 PER CENT.
$60«>— Rents $376; 2 flats, 7 rooms and bath:
north side Fell St.. near Webster; lot 2CX
137:6 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$13.CC0— Rents JISCS; fi'teiner st:. near Ellis; lot
Cox9o; 5 moreiln flats. 6 and 7 rooms and
bath.
PATS U PER CENT.
$10.500— Rents $1_."»: Eddy St.. near Buchanan: S
elegant m, .Urn rt.us. 7 and "B rooms and
fcath; lot 25: > Ixl2o.
PAYS U PER CENT.
$4710— Rents $310; 2 modern corner flats of S
rooms and bath; on Stelner st; lot 23x51:1.
PAYS 13 PER CENT.
$1000— Rents $132: near Mascn and Pacific st». :
lot 20x60; 2 frontages; cottage each street.
SOUTH OF MARKET FLATS.
PAYS 15 PER CENT.
$75<XV- Every flat rented; lot 40x73; 2 stores and
10 flats* near Third and Bryant sts.
PAYS 18 PER CENT.
$3500— Rents $564; 6 flats. 4 and 7 rooms: In good
condition; lot 50x75; near Sixth and Fol-
eom sts.
PAYS 17 PER CENT.
$2500— Rents $433 per annum: I*4 blocks from"
Third and Market: on Natoma St.: lot ".•¦*
73; ground alone worth the money.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$7300 — Large, elegant modern residence: 11 rooms
and bath: attic, basement, stable: on
Pine st.. near Pierce, sunny side of street;
large lot. 42:4x137:6; $50uO bank mortgage
can remain.
$100 — A HOME FOR — $100.
$100 — Move In. and balance same as rent: new.
el?gant modern house of 5 rooms and bath;
porcelain tubs, tile mantels, open nickel-
plate sanitary plumbing, etc ; 1 block from
cars.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
638 Market street.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS. A SKELTON. 321 Montgomery st
$13.000— Stores and flats; Devisadero St.; pay-
ing 6 per cent net; improving In value for busi-
ness: make an offer.
$20,0fiO— Page St., near Mark«t; larjre lot: rents
$1630 per annum; will increase In valu* steadily.
$coCo— New flats; Clayton st.. near Waller and
Park: rents $6CO per annum: easy terms.
$800©— Modern house, Gough st. ; S rooms: fin-
ished attic and basement; tiling, etc.; view of
bay.
$4(Xy> — Sacramento St.. near Webster: house of
7 rooms and bath: this is a bargain.
$16,500 — Cor. Leavenworth and Sacramento
3 houses: rent $1620 per annum; easy terms.
$3000— House of 5 rooms and bath: high base-
ment: Twenty-third St.. near Castro: fine view;
this is a bargain: in warm belt: make offer.
$8300— SW. cor. Vallejo and Pierce; 45x112 :*.
$2600— Corner on Fifteenth St.. near Valencia;
chstce for flats: light for every room.
$1500— Lots on S. side of Chestnut st.. near
Stockton; street ac-eDted; very cheap.
HAWKS A SKELTON.
• . 821 Montgomery st.
HOUSES WANTKD
'ANTED— To r°r.l or lease, house of Bor more
room*; .les-cribe. t!at!n2 lowest rent. Box
LOST ANU »•*__>_»
$5 REWARD-^-Lost. black golf cape., lining
black and white, cither on Alameda train,
broad-eauge boat or Sutter-st. oar, Oolden
Gate Hall. Frank's Rf-ytaurant or Orpheum.
between January 2 and 16. Please return to
61D ,\!:l>. n pt. and receive reward^
IX>ST— $25 reward: gold watch, chain and
locket. No. £13. 9 C«; monogram G. F. N.
Call on proprietors, Cafe Royal.
LOST— St Bernard <lo^: answers to name of
Mllo. Return to HUG Vnllrjo »t. ; suitable re-
ward for information leading to recovery-
LOST— Lady's gold watch; diamond Betting;
letters E. T. D. on reverse' side. Reward at
42* Eills st.
LOST— Opera glasses at Louvre Friday even-
ing, January 26. Reward. 617 Guerrero st.
LOST— Shawl pin; ball shap'd: call at 1301
Mission and receive reward. MRS. WALLS.
LOST— Bunch of keys on Fourth st. or Twenty-
fourth. Return 1331 San Bruno aye. ; reward.
LOST— A bauble Fable boa at Columbia mat-
inee. Return St. Nicholas; receive reward.
LOST— Black silk muffler; initials L. 11. E.
Please return to Call offlce; reward.
LOST— lrish setter puppy Nellie. Return 25A
Lloyd st. and receive reward.
PUG dog. lost from playground, park. Reward
for his return.
LOST— A pas?" 10k with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MRS. C. H. ATHEARN, No. 179-1515.
The finder will please return to the bank.
LOST— Fur boa January 24. about 2 p. m.. bet.
Post. Grant aye. and Market' st. Return to
637 Market st. : reward.
LOST— A pecsbook with the HlDernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MRS. CATHERINE DALTON; No.
ISS-C2O. The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND— Greyhound. Owner can have same by
paying expenses. 600 Castro st.
MONEY TO LOAM
ANY amount at C per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing" business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. J.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition any amount: ( per cent; first,
cecond mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in eetates, legacies, life insurance: chattel
mortraces: confidential: advice free. G. EL
OLSEN.. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay; try all others, then see me; $59
to $100,000; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel raort-
K-ges.estates in probate, undivided Interests In
estates.legacles and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Markt.
$100 .TO $100,000 at 6 per cent on city or town
property In California; undivided Interests,
estates In probate, etc.; first and second
mortgages; 1 to 10 years' time. DRYDEN,
413 Montgomery st.
LOANS on real estate at 6 per cent.
JAMES B. BROOKS.
214 Pine St.. rooms 68-5».
LIFE Insurance policies purchased; we pay
higher cash surrender, values than companies
and assume Indebtedness. Box 1139, Call.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rules; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 1?« Kearny. rm. 9, respectable private place
to borrow -on watches diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davli v »»5.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 6.0. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
MONEY to lonn: sums to suit. GEORGE W
CHAPIN, 11 Montgomery st.
LADIES— Your bu*t enlarged / inches; failure
Impossible; harmless; $100 cash guarantee;
proof free. Leonard Med. Co.. Kansas City, Kg.
LADIES!— Don't suffer from wrinkles and pim-
ples; Mme. Fisher's face paste will positively
cure both. 19 Powell st.
HAIR doctor's remedy cures: stamp for ques-
tions. Kuester. specialist. N. Q. dep.. Oakl'd.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale: alto
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
caroet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates GEO MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LADY physicians' $5 three course treatment
mailed free for a few days only to Introduce;
cures female weakness, displacements, leu-
' corrhea suppressed or painful periods, etc.
Dr. Mary Lock Co..U« Station O.Chicago. "111.
MAGGIE FAIL, your sister Christina's ad-
dress is 435 Pine st. -. -.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE - AGENTS. -, •
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
- $9000.
Elegant Park residence; 2-story and base-
ment modern residence and large lot; no rea-
sonable offer refused.
ON VERY EASY TERMS.
Lots at Waller and- Stelner streets .of the
German Savings and Loan Society; all" ready to
build on; terms U' cash, balance at 7 per cent.
$5000— RENTS $600 PER ANNUM.
2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms) and bath each: 23x
112:6; bay windows, brick foundation, etc.
$800 EACH AND UPWARD.
Richmond lots; Tenth avenue, C and D
streets; adjacent to the Park; 25x110: $50 cash,
balance $20 per month; Interest 7 per cent.
, $11.000-RENTS $1200 PER ANNUM.
Corner: 6 2-story houses of 6 rooms and
bath each; 67:6x52:6; Western Addition; this Is
a first-class Investment. ' ¦
' • 11750. . .-
A very cheap home; nearly new; cozy, modern
bay-window cottage of ¦ 4 large rooms; bath,
laundry, etc: brick foundation. ¦
;. $10,000.
Elegant Pacific Heights mansion; grand
marine views; 12 rooms and 2 -baths, furnace,
etc., etc. .
$3000— RENTS $372 PER ANNUM.
Hyde street: splendid renting locality; 2 flats
of a rooms eac- and lot.
$15,500— RENTS $15C0' PER ANNUM.
Ellis street; only a few blocks from Market;
a splendid investment and very cheap, as the
owner Is going to Europe; 3 flats and house;
27:6x120; 2 frontages.
$17,000.
Hayes-street business property: elegant mod-
ern building; store and f flats, etc.; 29:«x120, to
rear street: this Is a bargain.
$3300.
Coxy residence on Turk street: 2-story house
of 7 rooms and bath; brick foundation etc.;
27:6x95: small amount cash, balance can be ar-
ranged on terms equal to rent.
$11,500— RENTS $11676 PER ANNUM. .
6 flats; 3 elegant and new; Ellis street; 25:fcs
120:2; 2 frontages; this is a good Investment;
always rented.
$10.000— RENTS $1044 PER ANNUM.
Corner, near Market and Valencia streets; «
substantial flata; brick foundation; 87:6x80; both
streets accepted; no reasonable offer refused.
$3100— RENTS $430 PER ANNUM.
Near Ellis and Jonea streets; 3 flats ot . 4
rooms each and lot. .
$6000— RENTS $720 PER ANNUM. .
9 houses of t rooms and bath each ana lot;
near Mason and Jackson streets.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of oar "Real Estate
Records." which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.,
14 Montgomery. Street.
HOUSES TO LET.
MASON, 2319— Sunny 6 rooms, bath, stationary
tubs; lan,'e lower part with four stalls; re-nt
$25 or will sell cheap.
REED. 14— House of 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment: $IS. Apply 1325 Washington st.
TO LET— A fine I-etory house. 7 rooms: sunny
side. IQSS Union st.. near Leavenworth.
tftp-HOCSE of 6- rooms: healthy and in good
*"onditicn. Uis7 Kearny Ft., near Greenwich.
HUSH. 1224— Sunny houce of > rooms and bath;
wnter free: large yard: rent $37 50.
BORKO.W. on diamonds and Jewels: polite at-
tention. UN'"I.E HARRIS. X, »Gr.int aye.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
PAWN, tickets bought. Those unable to re
deem their pledges communicate with box 387,
Call. • ,
SELF-INKING printing press, not less than
sxB; gcod order; cheap. A. M. X.. 2400 Geary.
GOOD cecond-h'and piano; must be cheap; cash
no dealers. Box 1066, Call.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry; $22 per o«. for
gold in It. .328 Bush *t.. 3d floor, room 4
HIGHEST price raid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. 625 Dupont. nr. Calif.
PARTNERS WANTED,
FINE Fischer & Ste:nway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLE Y,. 430 Par-
rott bulldlnc
BORROW on diamonds: perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. '15 Grant aye.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
626 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
Established -ISSB.
$17,000— Fulton St.. bet. Polk and Van Ness
aye.; lot 60x120 to Ash aye.
$6000— Folsom St.. between Third and Fouth;
3 stores; rents $42 50; lot 40x80.
$5500— Sutter St., near Laguna; S rooms and
bath; lot 20:8x95.
$5000— Baker st., near Sacramento; S room*
and bath; in perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
Must be sold— Shotwell St., near Sixteenth;
rent $40; price only $3500.
$3750— Twenty-seventh St., near Dolores; 11
rooms; 2 baths: lot 25x114.
$3000— Silver st.. near Second; 3 houses In
flats; rents $27; lot 22x70.
• $2500— Sheridan St.. near Tenth and Harrison;
flats; well rented; lot £sxloo.
$3000— Glover St.. near Jones and Broadway;
2 flats; rent $24; lot 23x60.
$4250— Octavia st.. near Haight; an elegant lot
for modern fiats; S7:fccS7:t».
$350fr-<Jreenwlch st., between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$2000— York St., near 25th; 5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x1C0.
$1500— Day st., near Church; cottage of 5
rooms; lot 25x114. ¦ .. .
$1750— 28 th st., near Church; 4 rooms; very
comfortable; lot 20x114. .«.*>
$5000— Clay st.. east of Flllmore; front and
rear house; 25x137:6. . ..." ..
MADISON A BURKE,
'626 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
McAFEE BROTHERS. . •
108 MONTGOMERY ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
$20,000 — Fine • modem residence on Pacific
Heights, commanding marine view; large lot,
74:6x137:6 feet.:
$20.000— Ellis St.. near Taylor; house of 20
rooms; rented for $120 monthly; lot 27:6x137:6.
$10.500— House of 8 large rooms on Devisadero
St.. between Sacramento and Clay; fine lot, 51:6
pllO.
• $Sooo— Three modern flats in Panhandle dis-
trict rented for $30 monthly; Al Investment.
, $6250— New S-room house on Presidio Heights;
two rooms In attic; basement: marine view.
$4500— Residence of 7 rooms on Stelner st..
near O'Farrell; lot 22:6x137:6; owner In the East
and will sell at a bargain; offer 'wanted.
$4300— Lot on north side of Clay St.. near Lo-
cust; has eplendld marine view; size 34:4x127:8.
$3250— Store and flats south of Market; rents
$40 monthly; must be sold at once.
$1750— Spruce St., near Clay: 23-foot lot; It's
cheap.
$750— Two goods lots on Seventh aye., 25x120
feet each: near Park; $750 each.
$375— Lot on Kth-ave. boulevard: 55x120 feet.
PACIFIC .HEIGHTS I.OTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS. ;
McAFEE BROTHERS.
. ' . ' 108 Montgomery st.. S. F.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY '
THOS JAS. STANTON •& CO..
* 402 Monteromory st.. rooms 29 and 30.
$6150— Large corner lot 40:6x90; has 4 flats:
rents for $44, and corner of 2 fronts vacant large
enough to build 2 stores and 2 flats; this Is a
snap. " - ¦
$8700—3 elerant new flats of 6, 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each: rent $S5: bay-window, brick
foundation, stone walks and lar_e lot; In the
Western Addition: this Is a sacrifice.
$5000—2 ' large flats as good as new of 6 and
7 rooms and bath each: bay-windows and brick
foundation; stone walks and large lot: front-
Ing panhandle; these fiats are worth $6000.
$6Coo— Fifteenth St.: 2 elegant new flats of 6
and 7 rooms and bath each; good stable for 3
horses and carrlag»:-rcnt $50; near Market st. :
very cheap.
$1250—2 little flats near Mason and Pacific
sts.; rented. steady for $14 per month.
$2700—3 flats on Leavenworth st.: street and
sidewalk ' patent pavements; well rented; a
great bargain.
$1350—2 flats of 4 rooms each; south of Mar-
ket St.; rented steady for $14 50 per month; this
Is a snap.
For oale by THOS. JAS. STANTON A CO.
402 Montgomery St.. rooms 29 and SO.
FOR SALE.
In course of erection on Buena Vista St., near
Mission: 4-room . and hath house on easy
terms; also a 5-room and bath hous# on Hoff-
man aye.. Heyman Tract. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 117"Sntter st. . ¦
$850— 4-ROOM house and lot. Ocean Beach, near
J st. and 47th aye., on eaay terms. JACOB
HEYMAN. 117 Sntter sU _ ¦ ¦
LOTS for sale In Palo Alto, block ". JACOB
HEYMAN. 117_ Rutter st.
LOTS for sale In nil parts of th<« rlly. Call at .
JACOB HEYMAN'S office. 117 Slitter st.
$4500— RENTS $40; 40xr.fi: Twenty-second, near
•Valencia: must sell on account or mortgage.
$2000— 4'>xl2B; fine lot; Diamond, near 18th.
.fl.-nn—Rents $15; a bargain; Mars st. ; large
lot: double cottnee, . ¦
$175^- -Ocean limilevard lot; 46th s,ve. : £5x120;
a fine Investment. ¦ . •
$."0 cash: balance easy terms: fine lots in
Richmond. ¦.
$850— Very cheap; 8 room cottnee In Excel-
sior Homestead.
McF.WEN BROS., lIS Mont s> 'mery st.
$4830— DO you want a pretty home on .easy
terms? If so go to-day nnd i>ec that 8-room. v
strictly modern' house on- Stanyan st.. two
blocks south of the Park; transfer to the
Masonic aye. * rnr.
$4760 only for. n. nice 7-room hoti<«» on Lar-
kln St.: fine rwirinc view.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery Kt.
$250— "4 CASH: nice lots ready to build, near
Mlrulon electric oars. •
$275*-% each: flno lots: 13th avi>. and X St.:
surrounding lot* wlllncr at $450.
$16X0— Easy. terms; nice 5-room cottage; %
hour from' Oa— • and Market sts.
I. O. FCHARFF, 20 Montgomery St.
$1600— WILL nbpoliit.ely sacrifice my new bay T
window cottage: 5 large rooms, reception hall,
coved celllni",- tllinr.. chtna -.and other clos-
ets; all known Imnrovement* and conveni-
ence?: built positively by days work for my
home, but circumstances compel an Immediate
sale; small first payment and $10 monthly:
title perfect: not a dollar mortgage or lncum-
brance; convenient to 29th and Mission sts.
Apply P- A. DOLAN, 632 . Market Ft., or
, owner. 1223 Cortland aye.
SECOND AYE.. RICHMOND DISTRICT. .~"
Snug two-story house: stable for two horses;
shed for wa^on: chicken house, etr :-.nll , in
nice condition : near Clement. el»r!rlo cam:
price only ?2.m •'• Particular!" «" JULIEN
SMITH. Real Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery-. !
COTTAGF. *i7m: Je—ev^t.. r.ear 31th: K ood
' order. GEO. W. CHATJLN'. 11 Moatcome ryst.,
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BURNHAM -t MARSH CO.
HERE'S A SNAP.
RENT $30.
$2300 for well located 2-story bulldlnc and
brick foundation In flats and always rented;
only $1500 cash. '
ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$6500— Splendid home place of 10 rooms and
bath; sunny side of street: large lot and lawn;
on best part of Sacramento st.
CLOSE TO MARKET ST.
$13,000— Lot 30x80, with 2 houses on Turk St.;
Just the place for store.
SIXTH-'ST: BUSINESS PROPERTY.
RENT $70.
$10.000— Can easily be raised to $100: 3-story
building; store and cement cellar: few feet
from corner; 2 blocks from Market st.
DOCTORS. ATTENTION!
$8200— Downtown residence; Post st... east of
Van Ness; large lot to rear street; garden and
conservatory. ¦ .
810 SACRIFICE.
RENT $120.
$12,500— Four 2-story houses; cost over $12,000:
large lot and. accepted street; close to Pan-
handle extension; present rents $100, but can
easily be raised as above; for few days only.
WORTH DOUBLE THE HONEY. '
RENT $45.
$47£0— 2 beautiful flats; 30 foot lot. facing pres-
ent Panhandle; should be 'seen at once.
GROCERY CORNER-
RENT $Sl.
$3200— Splendid business corner; extra well
built and always rented.
BURNHAM * MARSH CO..
20 Montgomery st.
personals:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
HELP WAJVTED MALE.
GOVERNMENT positions; whore they are
how - obtained, salaries paid; particular!
free; write for circular 115. National Corre
fcporuionp*. Institute. Washington. P. C.
FHOTV*CAPET__ker wantedT"DIXONrBORGE
SON & CO.. 87 Market ft.
HALKFMKN wanted; male or female; Cok<
DanOruJT- Cure, oolorite. Vid dressing, rub
txr h*ela. Luck- mils. etc. T. C. M. A., 76
Flood building, after 4 p. m.
«*OY wanted for Jewelry store; Mate references.
girPwc'J r.*. Call office.
CUSTOM pants maker who understands run-
ning fartory; firM-clar* and medium grades
of work; no attention to ar.siver* unle«s ref-
erence* and former places of employment
given. Box f-C<. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED experienced man to work
in a rooming-house; references wanted. Ap-
ply at 411 t-anscrce ft., after 9 a. m.
BOOTBLACK in barber shop. US Washington
ft.', bejow llortgcniery.
M Alf _• cwMc In boardlcg-house. 12? Main at.
WANTED— A boy to attend store and collect.
Apply, etatirir wages and age, to box 2SS. Call
-Ifice.
GOVERN MEST positions— Don't prepare for
any dvU service or census examination with-
out eecinjt our catalogue of Information: sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington. D. C.
"WAXTKD-A bill clerk in wholesale house; one
<>f ex;>#rience only. Address, with references,
bos 4K-4. Call office. ,
3Y~r_XSRB wanted. Apply 3T5 Bush St.. third
floor, room 4.
GET your shoes half-aoled while waiting; 25c
to tOc. t£2 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
HOT in temperance grocery; counter and deliv-
ery work: -wages $5. Box 4_!6. Call offlce.
FOBER -German nr Frenchman: doing porter
wnik. 15 City Hall »quare. opp Eighth st.
FIRST-CLAES roatmaker. MARK LEVY. 224
Geary st. room 20, after 9 a. n».
FAL_SMAN wanted-Succes*ful subscription
bock talesmen will learn of rare opportunity
by addressing or calling at 527 Market st.,
room CH.
WANTED— Salesman or partner In a wholesale
produce business. Call from :2 to 1 o'clock
1U Lanston et.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 week*:
day ar.d evening clays; special Inducement
this season; handsome illustrated catalogue
snd souvenir free: only Institution In the
world teaching the barter aad hairdresslng
lrad*s. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. .CSi
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, New York.
Et. Louis. Ch; \go. Minneapolis.
WANTED— A rartner.' male or female: good
paying bustnes*. Api'ly «4 Grove -^
'JOOD life' insurance nan: fin?t-cla_s contract.
N. A., box 1060. Call. ....
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house cf UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
Mi' PAIRS men's shoes, *li£htly damaged, half
price. Xi Mission et.. b«lween Ist and 2d sts.
PEAHEN, blacksmiths and carpenters -for
ships at HERMANS 2S Steuart et.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; IT>c per night: fl to $2 per week.
WANTED — 100 men to try our 15c breakfast.
dinner or supper; best In city. 40€ McAllister.
PENSIONS-- J.. H. EHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst b'.dg.. Third and Market.'
200 EINGLE furnished rooms. 19c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. £th and Howard; read. rm.
MET* and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
p F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard et.
HI.
r
SITES
29PAYING grocery store; doing a fine business;
grain and coal ; good reason for selling. E. E.
BUNCE. m Broadway. Oakland.
ONE acre— East Oakland; small house, with
bath, barn and windmill; $2060. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
A $~OCO PROPERTY FOR $2500.
Seven rooms, bath; strictly up to date;' first-
class order; large lot; street work all done;
Al neighborhood: $500 cash, balance bank
mortgage; this offer for & days onjy.
J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
SfTNNA, 65— Five clean ruoms for a quiet fam-
m »>••
MINNA. 6€7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
tay-wlndcw room. $1 per week: transient.
UOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and L'nfurn.
NATOMA, &04— 5 furnished rooms In private
family, with or without board: gentlemen
preferred.
OFAP.Riai, Jrf-Sunsy furnished rooms and
«-ffire«: r?;*?""!t* •I'ctrlr llrht*: day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRKLL. IK7— Sur.ny room, suitable for 1
or 2 ;:?Titsemen.
POLK. iC23 — Comfortahle room: private; gas;
running water; suitable for clerk; IS.
P.ngEDAI.E. *21 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
25f a nieht: $1 a week: transient.
rOYAL Hous«. lit Ellis st.— lncandescent light.
rtsi'.r.t rcf.m. unckir.g room and ladles' par-
Icr; rooms, per nlrht. 3."> c to II £0; week. $2 to
! : . month. IS to S3C; elevator on office floor;
looms with hot and cold water: baths.
CBESOIAX Aparttrent Houre. 2« Eighth St..
rear Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
6TJCVKXBOK, U^i-Sunny single room, $2 CO
r per taonth..
EI'TTF.R. 5111. nr. I^arkln— Comfortably fnrn.
single suites: also hikpg.: terms reasrnable
THHAMA. I'J— FcrniihetJ r:cmi to let; by. the
wf*k or month. ¦
THE Oak*. lIS Third— A good rooming nous*
tc rood ?*op!e. IT. HUGHES. Proprietor.
Tt'RK. 127— Nice i^nny furnished rooms, {6 to
'f-; also a front nvjra; quiet house.
TURK. '.:«. Bttur LarVin— Sunny front room;
private family; reference: 15; central.
TURK. r,<2— Laree alcove room: crate; Joining
bath; cua all day; ml. family: suitable for 2.
T^-*e"nTY-FOL'RTH^ 2641 - Noatly furnished
front Tjarlor. with folding bed; grate; bath;
home comforts.
VAN XE.SS aye.. 101--2 sunny unfurnished con-
rw«-t»M rooms; running water; fire; grate; gas;
Ij&ith: vrlvate house: rent reasonable.
WASHINGTON aye.. <1. b*t. Sth and 10th—
Sunny rooms v.-Ith bath: cheap.
tVERSTER. ir,6o— Elegant sunny alcove: every
hojr.e comfort; strictly prlv. fam.; reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
ifr.cia et. . -
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
et 122S Polk »t.; open .till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlr* for Call advertisement* anl
rubscrlptions has been established . at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky its.; cr-cn till S p. in.
MfNNA. 2S — Sunry furnished single and dou-
ble PiOirij, 75c and $1 per week.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss M King, L Ang S T Lowe, Florida
Miss D Edwards, L A J S Mahood. Canada
C Neher. Kansas F Adily. Alaska
J Tuck, Bcranton, Pa P R Graham, Petalum
J XV Martin & w, Cal W Bertrand, . Montreal
A S Phelps & fam, Col A Orton. Montreal
T Beale. Oregon J Schlndele. Los. Ang
C B Sianker. Chgo Miss E Schlndele, Cal
T C Hughes, Seattle E J Davidson, Novato
PALACE HOTEL.
W C Gorrlll. Chicagd
Mrs Gorrill, Chicago
R Blecker, Marysville
F W Bennett, Ls • Ang
F Searles. Nevada City
F Dunphy. Mlllbrae
G W Drysdale, Eureka
Mro Drysdale, Eureka
H Llndley. Klamath
Wm "Ward.' N V
O D Blbbtns, Spokane
Mrs Bibblns, Spokane
T- B Lords, Chlpago
G Shields, London - .
H Jacoby. N V
J D Farrell, Seattle
J G Woodmonter. Or
C Foster. Seattle
XV J Fortuna. Seattle
J A Chase, Seattle
T J Field, Monterey
Mrs Field. Monterey
Mlns Field. Monterey
T Flint Jr, San Juan
Mrs Flint, San Juan
M Haas, Cincinnati
Geo McLean, Denver
Mrs McLean. Denver
H H Polk, DesMolnes
Mra Polk. Dcs Moines
E D Dv Pries. Carson
A A Brand. Chicago
W H Chickering. Oakl
Mrs Chickering. Oakld
R Chickering, Oakland
J F Robinson, Grass V
J H Slattery. Sllverton
IMrs Slattery. Sllverton
Mrs Burton. Sllverton
Made Summers, Stanf
G A' Clarke. NY
L L Cohn. England
I R Smith, England
L <i Nourse, N V
Mm Xourse, N V
H -B Waite, Mlnneapols
Mrs Walt e, Mlnneapols
Miss Walte. MlnneapU
Miss Chapman. Ls Ang
Miss Hendrlcks. Ls An
I H Sullivan. Chicago
E B Colby. N V
Mrs C H Frj-e, Seattle
Miss J Frye. Seattle
W E Dunn. Los Ang
Dr E A" Bryant, Los A
E F Carpenter, Utah
GRAND HOTEL
Mrs T Hunter, Elko I
Mrs Mclaughlin,- Colo
J McLaughlin &.w, Cal
E S Field. L Ang
G Migllavicca & w. Cal
E Thompson, Sacto
J Wilson, S Jose
T Donahue, Cal
G Otteraon, S Barbara
C H Boynton, Ferndale.
J N Gillettl. Eureka
O XV Wellock. Eureka
E B Carr, Ferndale 5
G B Kearney. S Barb
C XV Beacon. Cal
XV B Bailey. Cal
E A Puble. Cal
C.H Campbell. Stkn
R G Henderson. Cal
J M Franck, R Bluff
C 1} Smith & w. Or
T.F Savage. L Ang
A' Griffin, Fresno
XV Parker & . w. L Ang
Mhis M E Green. Cal - |
Miss E R Allen, lowa
J M Eames, Johnstown
OL Conly. Ky • ¦
E FLucien A w, L A
T Garnett, L Ang I
XV S Ballou, Seattle '
E L Jones, NY
H Fairbanks &w, Sac
C G Raub, Sutter Co
C Hamilton. Ind
Mrs F Brandon, S Jose
Mrs F Brandon &s, S J
A McDermott & w, B C
B A Holcomb. Cal
D L Gilbert. Oakland
3 Qulnn &w, SS Sidney
(1 \V Jackson, Mont
W F Knox. Sacto
T L Harlow. NY
S L Cohn, Colo
X O Kldder. Sacto
G Pacheo &s. N V :
W H la Barre. Cal
W-H Llnsden, S Rosa
F Cunningham. Oak
Mrs T Halght. 8 Rosa
E R. Thomas,. N V
.1 D Smith, Cal
J E Qulnn, Phlla
J B Melpche, Stkn'
T Hunter, Elka
Chas Greenburg, Elko -
O Lysle, Pa*
J A Brorhy & w, Cal
XV M Cutter. Cal "
F B Riddleberger, ' O
FOLSOM. ?C5. corner Sixth (T«j« Oliver)— Sunny
femlfhed room*: eulten or single: new mgt.
ELEGANT sunny room In exchange for the
reaching of 2 children with their school les-
tons. Dcz 1142, Call office.
CAPP. 14— Furnished rocms; rent reasonable.
A— THE ELMER HOUSE." 224 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; M rooms: all prices.
ROOMS TO LET— Fora, and tnfnrn.
A-BRUNEWICK HOUSE. I<S Sixth— Rooms
75c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
VAN NESS. 402—3 wei', furnished connecting
eunTiy rooms; Ftaticnary tube; yard.
TENTH. US-Nice bay window parlor; suit-
able for 2; Jl9.
fITTIZR. ?CK)I— Sunny front rooms, furr.'.shed
or unfurnished; light housekeeping or other-
wise
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GOOD Cnligraph: worth $60; will sell for $15,
DECKER, lcro Market st.
ALL kind* bought, cold, exchanged, rented: re-
ralrine »t lowest rate*. ?PS Fourth ft.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought. ro\A: machine sup-
pile!". Standard Agcncy.l4s 6th: phone Mint 45.
FOURTH, «5— Fi:rnished room suitable for
light housekeeping : also single.
ITT.TON. £71— Three furnished roorrj for
hous<*keep!T:g: . rent $11.
FIFTIi. 221— Neatl;- furnished rooms, house-
keeping: aiw) ethers; all sunny.
FIFTH. 3JS— Newly furnished double parlors,
kltcher; «nd ball:. JM; al^o single rms., $4 up.
rr.ANKLIN". a— Newport Houre; housekeeping
roerr.*: also Mr.c'e; every comenienoe.
CXAfSI^IKD advertisements or.d subscriptions
received at Cell branch office. 222) Fillmore st.
UDDY. ?!5— 4 unfurn. wtisajr rooms; finely pa-
l"-rtd: all convenier.ee*; Kne location: private.
EIGHTH. S4li, near Market— O:ie large funny
!>e<Jri>oni. eui!«i>le for ir.an and wife or 2 gen-
tlemen; housckr-K if desired: also 1 single rm.
L'LLIS-. 61S— 2 or ' r-Ttly furnished sunny hou?e-
;<i-c-;):ng rooms; rent reasonable. Call Monday.'
UI-LIS. CSS. cor. Larkin— Sunny; furnished; bay
window; mantel: double folding bed; Wels-
baoh li^ht.
IWUHOiV on diamoud* and Jewels: oolite at-
tention UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
DCCBASCAK. «C. near Fell— Sunny: furnished:
bay window; kitchen; par.to ; folding bcu; $10.
CHESTNUT. Hz — Furnished housekeeping
room* with bull). ¦ ¦
ROOMS FOIt TIOCSEKEEPI3IQ.
WANTED— Three unfurnished • rooms; no
housekeeping: centrally located; adults. Ap-
ply WILLIAM MUND. 226 Ellis Bt. . -^>-3
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE:.
WANTED— Party with $SOO cash, to purchase a
third int-jrest In medicine company now on
read: object, need reliable man In office. Box
:C6. Call office, Oakland.
HENRY J GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRS,
tO Fifth «t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone .South' 80.
t NEW houses. Just completed; the latest Im-
provements: ranging In price from- $1600 to
JI000; convenient to station; they are bar-
gains and worth the time to examine them;
first ccme, first choice.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
|22iO— TWO elegant new houses of 5 and (
rooms, respectively; modern In every detail;
both situated upon sunny side of street; one
located en Linden St.. Just a few steps to the
cars: other Is located on one of the cros*
Btreets. between two main electric car lines,
both very sur.ny and ple««ant; terms can be
arranged to cult. GEO B. M. GRAY,
A BARGAIN— Fine house of 8 rooms, laundry
and bath; well located in good neighborhood;
$1200 cash and balance flat loan at 8 per cent.
GEO. B. M. GRAY. 454 Ninth st.
.
OCEAN TBAVKL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
*w wharf, San Francisco:
Rjl^^. For Alaskan ports. 10 a.
WCfifc^ m., Jan. X, 31. Feb. i.
Hjy'KjClak. Chanpe to company's ateam-
&WV&R Xfl^ For Victoria. Vancouver
llaMlj'rtCll <C. C), Port Townsend,
r^^aHSil Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes and New What-
com (Wash.). 10 a. m., Jan.
26, 31. Feb. 5 and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. X. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbcldt Bay), ¦ t p." m., Jan.
29. Feb. 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford <San Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
a. m.. Jan. 27, 31, Feb. 4, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopplr.gr only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo <Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Jan. 29, Feb. 2. and every fourth day there-
after.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
. For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, saillr? dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Es*ar-street "Wharf at 10 a. m.
EAQ£ Sl2 First Class Including; Berth
rMnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA nails Jan. 28; Feb. 7. 17, 27
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Feb. 2. 12. 22
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
KKW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PASII
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 19 a. in.
St. Louis Jan. 31 St. Louis Feb. 21
St. Paul Feb. 7 Frlesland Feb. 2S
New York Feb. 14 New York March 7
RED STA^ LINE.
|'5;lv; New Yorl^ arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark Jan. 31 Ncordland Feb. 21
Westernland ...Feb. 7 Frlesland Feb. 2S
Kensington Feb. 14 Southwark March 7
EMPIRE UNE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding- freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnr at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 31
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofCce.
421 Market St.. corner First.
• W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
@Siffl D| ft!!! 01 The S. S. Australia
l*fi»Sllli """" for Honolulu
iirniim Wednesday. Feb. 7,
Q*fC.Ll.r\ Tne S - s - Alameda
mWm A^cicr-^ro^^ydney
¦ Favorite line around the world via Hawal!
Parr oa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez.
England, etc.: J6lO first class.
J. D. $>M£CKEL:> * 6*os. CO.. Agts.. M 4 Montqomeri
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight 0Mce.327 Market SL
COMFAQNIE GENERALE TBANBATLAHTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE* TO HAVRE-PARIS. j, <ittm
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <fsEflTr»
Saturday, from November 2. 18S0, at * s*w*-»s * w *-»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.: LA NORMANDIE. Feb. 1; LA
BRETAGNE. Feb. S; L'AQLITAINE. Feb. 15;
LA GASCOGNE, Feb. 22. First-class to Havre.
SCO and upward; S per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $45: 5 per cent re- j
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 1
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI &• CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. &
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
gapeWmk
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATES
apply CAPT. W. E. NESBITT. Sit Market.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Afontlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:C
a. m. : 3:15, 8:20 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and*S:3C; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p.m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IJOB.
FARE SOc
TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC RfULWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sansallto Ferry."
Week Days — ¦ — 9:30 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Sundays .8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
' " Steam-heated closed car on' all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return,
SI 40.'
¦•(TTiTKK* PACIFIC COMFAJIT.
(rAcirio htstcx.) -^
-m- .«-- icittc nail nr« <)n«> to r.rrlv* ••
™ MAW FISAKIC'ISCO.
(Main line. Foot cf Market Street) •
isavs — Fao* EtecxiißEE 15. 1803. — aimt»
•TjOOAßcnlda. Sulaup. Etealxa, Veeartlle.
Bnicsoy and Hacnmcuto ;.... .... "7:43»
.-IOOAShasU Eiprws-Drria. \7»Uows.
Ke.l Bluff. Pertland . •,-%:.••••• * 7.*t3»7 .* t3 »
•7i3O* M»rtlner,Saul:amon.VallsJa^ps. „.
Cal 'Jtcgi »r.<l «cnta Kraja. . . . v^.. "«. lor
••:30ATheOTCTlan.lLl^H«l-Oct.en.D«a-
»er. Omaha. Chica5a.... .......... # 3513«
lone, haeramcuto. PlacerrUle.
Jl»rys»ilK CfciCOi Ke.l J.ln« ij'.l^Z
•K:3O.\ •Mlltoa. Oakdalo aa<t Houora. ... *;•:»£
•9:OOa Martlnci. Tncy. Laturop. btocklon.
McTC-tlaaai'romo.... •.¦•• is-M»
•Bt««»* PcrtCosti. lircmo. MoJato mud J.os .^.^
-10-.oo* VW.' r AsTtin«"a^dW«y SUtJo^i JOj-gJ
-I I :O»a Hayrrarda. N.lrs or«l V7c j stations. •¦»« 13*
. »cnto.Memlota.ll!inford. Visalia.
Pcxtcrtlllo ti'.XaZ
f liOOr Sacramento Kiver 5tc«meri«......... ;";V°*
*3tOOp Haywards Niks ««1 W*» 3 £* ?"•• #:i!43 »
•4-.n»r Miirtim-/. Kan irainoii. Va.lejo.
¦ Nap*. CaJ'stogs. SauU Rosa •»»¦»*
•IHOp Benicia. Vaca»ill<\ B»cjrftinento,
\Voi»i:*»Kl. KnicliU Lamlniß. ._
MarjsTill". Orovilio l?Vi'%s
•4i30» Nile* Han JcsotnrtStorkton •7ii»»
•S:OOrTbo Owl Liaaitetl-Tracy. Fresno.
EafcerifleM. Saudis fcr bant» I>a»- ._
bara, Lcs Anccles. •¦• •!»?"*
«3«0«p Scrsct Lbritci-El Paso. *ew Or- ._
leans tad East ;!$T?5i
•rjiaop Stockton. Mcrccrf. Fresno "ia.i»»
•3:Uup licsno, UakemlieM, K»»U U:\xWs.
IX3 Ancclcs. Dcmlnc. Xl Fas* „ ,- m
New Orleans ami East •3»«*
•3i3or 8»nt» Ko Jtoiilo— Allautio Express
forMojaro ami Kast 15*12
•8«©Or naywarda, Kiles and Man Joss m TLm J*
?«:30pVafloJo.^ \V\2l
•C:3« r Oriental MaU-OffJen and East •»:»©»
!?:OOr Vellcjo. Tort Costa and- "Way 8U- 19tM
•SiOSr Orcxon and Caiiforni*"Kipreg»,H»<>.
rameuto. Msrjs»llis. KeiUllnf. -
rortlsml. PiigetSmii.il ami Kaat •»«la|
WAST DIVISION (Narrow «a«ge).
(Foot of Mnr!:ct Street.) i
"•»«l»AN«waxk,Centcr»llle.SanJoso,l>ltOD.
Boulder Cxeek.Santa Cruz and Way •
Stations ••••• •»»•<
fSilSr Netrark. Coatertille, San Josa, New
Alma Jen, Kelton, lloulder Cxeek.
SacU Crna and VzincipaJ w »» ...__.
Station* ?U I S2*
•4il3p Newark. H«n Joie, Los Gatos. •0:80*.
IlliiSr Hnntera' Excursion. Saa Joe* and
1 Way Stations X7tZ9rm
CREEK ROUTE FERBY.
fna Sill niJCISCO— f«et ef llitztt SImMSU? «}—
*7:l> 0:00 11:00 A.M. IK3 *2:33 t3:C3
•f:C3 tS:C3 'lOOr.*.
FmsOUUM— rMt«rßrM«w»y.— 'fl.CO 8:00 JO:j»*.iU
tI3:CO *I:C3 t3:53 «3:C3 tt:C3 »B:«F.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Totrnaetid Sta.)
~t«sl«A Ocean View. South ban Francisco.. t««3«»
. *7tOOA San Jono «...» Way Stations (.New
* Almadcn Wednesdays ouly) •!»••»
-¦•9>O»A B»n Jose. Ties l'iiios. Hanta Cms,
' rselllo GroTe. l'aso Itobles. San
J,nls Ol.topo. Snif. Lompoo ami m
Principal Way Stntlous li'lf*
• l»iio* Bau Joaosml V.aj Stations .- ?«'»•»
•IItSOA San Joro ami "Way bUtioua...^.... »5»3O»
t,tar*3r Ssn Mateo. Kedwood. Menlo Park.
' Palo Alto. SanU Clara, ban Jose.
, Turn Pfaioa, ISanU Cn«. Baaaaa,
Monterey ami raclflc GroTe flOsMa,
-"?3: SOp Saa Jose aad Way Btatlon« Ii J ?»*
'i I:l5r San Jose aad Principal Way Stations •» : "* 3 *
«3tOOp San Jose and Principal Wa7 Statists t»:O«*.
**:30r Bau Jc»o ami Principal Way Stations "S'-^a,
•ttiHOr Ban Joso ami Way Stations tt-.OO*
t11;4.-»p San Jose and Way Stations ».»3Of
A (or Morning. P fox Afternoon.
* Sally. t Uumlar exeeptsd. t Oosday only.
b Saturday on!y.
AXBesdaim and Fridays _ < Thursdays and Busdarv.
CALIFORNIA NORTfIWESTERN RY. CO.
LiESSBB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot ot Market St.
, SAN FRAKCISCSO TO SAN RAFAEL.
\VEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:50. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:si>
and 11:30 5. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. »:30. U a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
E:CO. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCSO.
WEEK DAYS— «: 10. 7:50, 9:10. 11:10 a. m. : 12:45,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at Ida
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 3:40. 11:10 a, m.; 1:40. 3:40. 5:C5.
6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect I San Francisco.
, October 15. 1 ;
"Week I Sun- 1399. Sun- "Week
Days. I days. | Destination, days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 11(1:40 amj 8:40 an»
3:Sopm 9:30 am Petaluma. I 6:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm| 3:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:23 pm] «:2pra
Fulton.
7:Soara "Windsor. M£s am
HeaUlsburg.
Lytton.
G*yservtlle.
X:3O pm g:oOam CloverJale. 7:35 pm t;2pn
7:30 am} I Hopland and I I
[ 8:00 ami Uklah. f 7:35 pm, 6:22 pm
7:30 am | '10:23 ana
8:00 am! Guerneville. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm I | 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:K> am! 8:43 am
I and I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen. 6:C3 pmi 042 pm
7:30 ami 8:C0 ami SebastopoL 110:40 am.; 10:25 am
3:30 pm! 6:00 pm| | 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stairea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Sprlnes; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservtlie fcr Skagsn
Springs; at Clovsrdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelceyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchr
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue LaJces. Laurel
Dell Lake. "Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Ller'ey's
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvine, Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Era xx
"Westport. Usal. "Wllllts. Laytonvlile. Cum-
mings's. Bell's Ssrinss. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
, Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
I duced rates.
' On Sunday round trip tickets to all point.*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. «0 Market st.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cowxectkig Txaix Leaves Saj* Fkanciscos
5 PJI. .Monday. Wednesday. Friday end
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND LeaTCS San Francisco at 5:30
EXPRESS P- m -, wit £ Palace and Tourist
r)A II V Si? for Kans *» C «J. St. I,oms,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VAI IPV
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tularo oniV
and Bakersfield. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•f risco soon S^K-tfKBSS
way: Sacramenro.2ol J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
NORTH PACTfIG COAST RAILROAD.
Yin Sausalit© Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 1833.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND S\N RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '7:*. »3:30. 11:00 a. m.; «1:43,
•3:40. 5:13. 6:fti>. 8:30 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:CO and 11:30 c m.
SUNDAYS— •»:<». "IOiOO. »U:JO a. m.; »l:15.
1:15. "4:45. «:30. 9:f>J D. ra.
Tram i marked >"> run to San Qoentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
• WEEK DAYS-5:23. «*:33. 7:45. «9:40 a. m. •
12:30. 2:15. "SMC. *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRll*^ on Mondays. "Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:«0 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6 CO, «<(:00, *10:C0. »11:43 a. m. •
•1:40. *3:15. 4:43. *«:30 D. m.
Train* marked (•) start from San Q/uentln
FROM MILT. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
"WEEK DAYi*-0:45. «-45. 7:53. 9:45 a. mT :
12:35, 2:35. 3:45. 5:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TTIPS on Mondays. "Wednesday* and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 o. m.
SUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a, m.; 12:05. MS. 1:».
' * " THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. ¦wot'k days— Caxadero and way stations
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
I I:C0 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations
$3710— 8-ROOM house; bath; In perfect order;
private snd city water supply; barn, with
coachman's room, etc.; large gardens: foun.
tain In yard: close to business center: lot 65
feet frontage; Al neighborhood: this prop-
erty I" owned by the savings bank and we
arr authorized to sell at cost; seeing is be-
lieving ; call and examine It.
J. S. MYERS.
' 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$500— TWO acres; small house; this county. C.
K. KING, 9"2 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAKD REAL ESTATE.
$1500 FOR 160 acres good farming land; good
Improvements; all in crop; near Livermore.
C. K. KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
$600— 1C0 ACRETS good grazing land; plenty
water; some timber; near Llvermcre. C. K.
KING. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
$3000 FOR 3£o acres; all under good fence; me-
dium improvements; 100 acres can be farmed;
this county. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
McALLISTER. Sll—2 nic»ly furnished rooms
quiet family ; rent reasonallle.
MrALLISTKR. 2*C-u. opp. City Hall-Large fur-
nifhert back room with Etove. $S; small room $5.
LEAVEXWdRTH. 515—2 unfurnished rooms on
ground floor: cheap.
NEW 4-rcom cottage: polished floors, cove cell-
ings and picture molding; stationary tubs; all
modern furnished; close In; $S5O. Call cr ad-
dress 2137 Dwlght way, Berkeley.
BARGAIN— S rms;. modern; near electric cars,
trains, schools; easy terms; owner. H. R.
ABRAHAMSON, 111 Laurel aye., Oakland.
FINE opportunity to purchase students'
boarding or lodging house; house of 18 rocms
on lot 50x137. on University aye. East Berke-
ley; street Is 100 feet wide and all street
work done; plans for New University place
main entrance at terminus' of University
aye. and not far from this property: price
$4700; this is a bargain: house alone cost
over $.V/!M. GEO. SCHMIDT, Berkeley sta.
NEW cottage of 6 large rooms, bath, pantry,
hot and cold water: also good well water;
high basement; brick foundation; large lot;
street sewered and macadamized; one block
from railroad station: two electric car lines;
close to schools and churches; price $ICCO. $100
«.afh. balance $15 per month. Take Berkeley
train, get off at Lorin, ask for RUDOLPH &
PERKINS; office open Sundays.
FDLSOX, UlS's— Single sunny rooms; $1 per
meek. ;
FTtANKLIN. 4C7, cor. Grove — Unfurnished
sunny rooms.
KRANKLIX. ;iS— One furnished room; cheap;
no other :-rxjniers.
CEAKV. «QS <The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
m rooms. *n suite or ringie. MRS. H. HTER.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 9«7— Nicely furnlehed
parlor and l>«Mr<jnm: every convenience; reae.
GRAM) SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
ar.d Mifticn mi. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladies' parlor: rending room: elevator
GRANT aye., 21 (The Wellington)— A family
rooming house; defiantly furnished rooms:
grates, ca*. bath; hot and cold water; 50c
tl > f*r r.icht: $2 50 to $7 per week.
GROVE, tti— Nicely furnished rooms with or
without board; private family.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $( per week.
HOWARD. 715— 2W sunny rooms: nicely fur-
r.iihed; every convenience: electric lights.
HOWARD. *;&— Oean. re?p«et3b!e: 25c-$l per
n:g!it: Jl-J3 per ««k; Howard cars to door.
HOWARD, SS9--Larre room for two, $6; also
FltiKJ* room: private family.
HOWARD, 1072— Sunny furnished room In pri-
vate house; $4.
XI TDK. Sl 9— Sunny BUite furnished rooms; pri-
vate family; rent reasonable. : : > : ¦
LARKIN, f-"4— Sur.ny front room, neatly fur-
nished; one or two persons; $«.
FOLfOM. S2O. near Fourth— Furnished rooms, $1
p*r wi-ek.
$2500 BERKELEY BARGAIN $2500
Lot 105x100, on NW. cor. of Shattuck aye.
and Emerson St.. with a good 2-story and base-
ment house of 7 rooms and bath; hardwood
mantel: stationary washtubs; Grove-st. Shat-
tuck-ave. cars pass the door; 1 block from
Berkeley local (Ashby station); price only $2500;
rheap at $3T>CO. as the lot alone ls worth $2000
and the house could net be built for $2000. Par-
ticulars of DAVID BUSH. Country Depart-
ment. G. H. UMRSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery
St.. San Francisco.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
rcce'.vei! »t Call branch office. 2200 Fillmo-e st.
EDDY, 3r:.— Nicely furnished Iront parlor; also
KDDY. 473 — I^ars-e !>richt sunny room; two
rlrs^ts; rurning water: Welsbaeh light.
$2600— AN elegant modern home: 7 rooms and
bath; just completed: kitchen, bath and laun-
dry appointments especially fine; street work
done- location very convenient. H. D.
IRWIN.
IISO9— NEW strictly modern cottage: 6 rooms
and bath; reception hall: tinted walls; porce-
lain bath: tiled sink; very cozy home; con-
venient to two stations and electric cars;
easy terms. H. D. IRWIN.'
CAHROLTOS, HOC Market, cor. Golden Gate
eve.— funny corner: well furn.; rrcs". & offices.
BORROW en planes, furniture, diamonds,
rsif-tinir*: secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
ELUXCTT. J4IC Market st (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.'.shed rtr.s.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
AT f- Second— nice new papered and reno-
vatrd lrcnt rocms: $1 L 0 to S2 50 a week.
DERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator:
tath: rooms W>c tr> $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fjbsrriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia. «=t.
A P.RANCH office for the recedlon of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
st 1221 Polk et. ; open until 9 p. m.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery »t.
In Berkeley— Corner lot $7x150, with modern
house ot 9 rooms.
SNAP— 4-room house: brick foundation; lot 25 x
10f- close to electric cars and station. H. R.
ABRAHAMSON. 11l Laurel ay*.. Oakland.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements snd
fjbtcriptions has been established st the
northwest corner nf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tts. : oj>en until 9 d. m.
VALLF.JO. 1201— Two rooms, furnished for
iiuusfkeepir-s. Jl3.
THHAMA. 4TS— $l2: 3 nice rooms; kitchen;
complete for housekeeping.
EEVrCN'TH. 173. near Mission— Front sunny
furnished room fcr housekeeping.
S?nT"TH PARK. 184— Two sunny front rooms;
convenient for housekeeping.
ITRRY. 16«. below Harrison— 4 rooms: nicely
furnished for housekeeping; all connecting;
f.rst floor.
MISSION. 1735— 2 sunny side rooms furnished
for housekeeping; coal range, bath; SlO.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-HODOLPH Storage find Moving Co.
Offic*. 40t Po»t St.. rnr. Powell: tel. Main 5711.
MINNA. 435— Kitchen and bedroom; large and
sunny; renovated: reasonable.
MD3CXOK. lSn— Frcnt room and kitchen; al»o
others; $11, |t>, $:.
MARKET, 17C5. opp. Gough— 2 sunny rooms;
suitable for housekeeping; bay window.
HOWARD. «49— One large furnished front room
fnr housekeeping.
HARRIET. 3. off Howard. nr. Sixth— Two
furnished rooms for housekeeping; water and
garden; cheap.
LADlES— Ohirhester's Knsllph l'ennyroysl Pills
sre the best: esfe. reliable! take no other:
• end 4p ctamp* for particulars. "Relier Tor
Lsdies." Jn letter by return Rail: st drug-
gUtu rw«*»«*r Ch«mlml Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
OAKLAND KDRXITURE FOX SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
LOT In San Francisco trade for carpenter
work. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadr.ay. Oakland.
WANTHD-By responsible party. 3 or 4 fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping or fmall
furnished flat, north of Market st: rent murt
b« reasonable. Address box 4175. Call.
TWO or thre» unfurnished Funny rocms: upper
floor: by middle-aged lady. Address, with
terms snd location. A. M.. 2IM Howard «t.
ONE large or two small sunny rooms; north
Market: running water: state price. Box
291. Call.
$4000— PARTNER wanted, with experience, to
enlarge dry goods and gents' furnishing busi-
ness; running successfully for 30 years. Ad-
dress 455 Seventh St., Oakland, Cal.
ARRIA'ED.
Saturday. January 27.
Schr Abbie. Hansen, 7 days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Saturday, January 27.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan. Nanaimo;
John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Brig Harriet G, Wayland. Honolulu; O'Brien
& Son.
SAILED.
' » Saturday. January 27.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow. San Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena, Hanson, Mendocino.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson. Seattle.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan. Nanalmo.
Ship C F Sanrent. Haskell. Seattle.
Haw ship Falls of Clyde. Chlpp»rfleld. Hllo.
AA'liallng bark Andrew Hicks, Shorey, whal
lns.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Mary Buhne, AA'eber. Grays Harbor.
.Schr. Bender Bros. AVetzel. Bihlers Point.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. Bihlers Point.
Schr Eureka, Schou, Seattle.
SPOKEN
Dec 26, lat 2S S. lon 41 AY— Ft ship Antonln,
from Tyne, for San Francisco.
Jan in. lat 1 N. lon 31 AA'— Br ship Ventura,
hence Sept 23, for Antwerp.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IjOBOS. Jan 3f. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind NE, velocity S miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS
OLYMPlA— Arrived Jan 27— Schr Ethel Zane,
from Port Blakeley. -
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Empire,
hence Jan 24.
Barbound Jan 27— Stmr Alice Blanchard.
BANDON— Arrived Jan 27— Schr Conflanxa.
hence Jan IS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 27— Ger stmr Miles,
from Singapore.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Jan 27— Schr John
D Tallant, for Honolulu.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco: schr Manila, for .
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Samoa, hnc
Jan 26; schr Occidental, hence Jan 20.
Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Aberdeen, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Del Norte. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 27— Ger bark Alster
kamp, for Queenstown; Br ship Cralgmore, for
Queenstown.
PORT LOS ANOELES— SaiIed Jan 27— Stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco: Haw stmr San
Mateo, for Comox; stmr Alcazar, for San Fran-
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 27— Schr ilelano
thon. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 17 — Stmr
Newburg. hence Jan 23. *
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Jan 27— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Noyo. for
San Francisco. ,
Arrived Jan 27 — Stmr Luella. hence Jan ii.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan J7— Ger stmr Vol
umnia. from Mazatlan.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 25 — Br BhlD Glen
ard. hence Sept 8; Fr bark Bretagne, hence
Sept 25.
LElTH— Arrived Jan 24— Ship Kenllworth.
hence Ausr 22.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr City of
Para, hence Dec 20; stmr San Jose, hence Dec
18. Jan 15— Stmr Costa Rica, hence Dec IS.
Sailed Jan 10— Stmr San Bias, for San Fran
cisco.
OCEAN STEAMER.
NETW YORK— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Pretoria,
for Hamburg, via Plymouth.
BRANNAN. 728. nr. Klxth— t sunny house-
keeping rooms; rent $8.
ROOMS WANTED.
2 OR 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms near
west end Sutter st. Address W.. Call branch
office, 122S Polk st. . .-.."-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors or
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FRENCH— In this city. January 26, 1900, Ernest
Hart. deaMy beloved son of Joseph and Fran-r
, cm Ann French, a native of England, aged 17
years. .
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the family-
residence, 2409 Mission street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. -
GAMPER— In St. Helena. January 26, 1900.
George XV., beloved son of George Gamper,
a native of New Orleans, aged 44 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mo.rrow
(Monday), at 10-30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GOLDEN— An anniversary mass for the repose
of the soul of Mrs Thomas Golden w.H be
celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8 o'clock. Friends are Invited
to attend.
GOMPERTZ— In Calumpit/near Manila, April
25. 1899. Paul J Gomoertz. beloved son of
Albert and Mathilde Gomoertz, arid brother
of Carl, Hugo, Herman, Elsa and Albert
Gompertz, need 22 years.
K?"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at '-SO o'clock, from the \. M. C.
A. building at Union-street entrance In Pre-
sidio Reservation, thence to the National
Cemetery. Members from. Company A. late
First California U. S. V., are cordially in-
vited to attend.
HOECK— In this city. January 25. 1900, Thomas
Nicholas Hoeck only and beloved son of
Mamie and the late Thomas Hoeck. a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 years 3 months and
25 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Loughran, 919 Bryant street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
lACOPO— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated at Sts. Peter and Paul s
Church, corner Dupont and Filbert streets.
Tuesday, January 30. at 9 o'clock, for the re-
pose of the soul of De Luca lacopo. Friends
are respectfully Invited to attend.
KENNISON— In the City and County Hospital.
January 27, 1900. Mary A. Kennlson, a native
of New York, aged 34 years.
KLEIN— In this city, January 26. 1900. Theo-
dore Klein, dearly beloved husband c! Maria
Klein, and beloved father of Joseph Klein.
Mrs. H. Perry and Theodore G. and Freder-
ick A. Klein, a native of Germany, aged 78
years. ¦ *
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. H. Perry, 446 Thirty-
fifth avenue, near Point Lobos avenue. . In-
terment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KULLMAN— In Carlsruhe, Germany, Louis
Kullman, beloved husband of Caroline Kull-
man, and father of Leo Kullman, aged 74
years.
LAMROUX— In Oakland, January 26, 1900.
Caroline, beloved wife of August Lamroux.
mother of Gertrude and Willie Lamroux. and
daughter of Mrs. E. Miller, a native of Ger-
many, aged 2S years 2 months and 20 days.
McGRIEN— In this city, January 27, 1900. James
McGrlen. beloved father of Mrs. C. J. Gal-
lagher and Mrs. J F. Thomas, a native of
Ireland. (Philadelphia, Pa., papers please
copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:20 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Patrick*
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crocs
Cemetery.
MACKENZIE— In this city. January 29, 1900,
Bessie, dearly beloved wife of Angus Mac-
kenzie, and mother of Mrs. James Adamson
and William and -Jessie C. Mackenzie, a na-
tive of New Brunswick, aged 57 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12S Mississippi street. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery-
MALTBY —In this city. January 26, 13C0.
Charles Maltby, father of C. F. Maltby, a
native of Vermont, aged SS years 3 months
and 17 days.
ICFrlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1622 Ellis street, near Flllmore.
MARTIN— In this city, January 27. 1900. Rus-
sell R., beloved husband of Leza Lampe Mar-
tin, son of Virginia and the late Lucian Mar-
tin, and brother of Leroy'and the late Horace
H. Martin, a native Of Santa Rosa, Cal.. aged
32 years and 7 months.
ICy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. E. C. Lampe, 2134 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
STANFORD PARLOR NO. 7C. N. S. G. W.—
Members are requested to attend the funeral
of our late brother, R. R. Martin, from the
family residence. 2134 Mission street, to-mor-
row (Monday), at 10 o'clock. By order of the
Parlor. WILLIAM H. DICK. President.
FRED H. JUNG, Rec. Secretary.
OFFICERS tond members of Golden Gate Camp
No. 64, Woodmen of the World, are requested
to attend the funeral of our late neighbor,
Russell R. Martin, from his late residence,
2134 Mission street, to-morrow (Monday), at
10 o'clock. T. F. QUINLAN, C. C.
D. OLIVER JR.. Clerk.
MOLLOY— In this city, January 27. 1900. Mich-
ael, dearly beloved husband of Mary Molloy.
a native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged
62 years.
K7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1837 Lombard ' street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated . for the repose of his soul at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SWEENY —In this city, January 24. 1900,
Thomas U. Sweeny, a native of N*w York
City, aged 70 years 4 months and 3 days.
(C^Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 1:20 o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, under the aus-
pices of California Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. F.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WAGNER— In- Dawson, Alaska. December 10,
1R99, Henry A., beloved husband of Nellie
Wagner, father of Harry R. and William M.
Wajrner, and son-in-law of Henry and Mary
E. Crowley, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
31 years and 2 months.
WESTPHAL— In Manila, March 11. 1599, Louis
E. WestDhal. late private of Company D,
First California Volunteer Infantry, beloved
sor. of Lpuie and Eliza Westphdl. and brother
of Ernest. Albert and Meta Westchal. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years and 3
months.
ET'Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 824 Twenty-second street, near
Minnesota, thence to Olivet Presbyterian
Church, Mississippi street, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth, where funeral services
will be held, commencinc at 2 o'clock. In-
terment National Cemetery, Presidio.
TO the members of Company D. First Califor-
nia Tnfantrv." U. S. V.— You are requested to
attend the funeral of our late comrade. Pri-
vate Louis 13. Westphal, this day (Sunday),
Assemble at Lombard-street entrance to Pre-
•ldlo at 3 o'clock In uniform. If possible.
T. 3. McCRBAGH,.
Captain Company D, First California In-
fantry. IT. S V.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
David Ross (bankrupt) by Finlay Cook (trus
tee), to George Golder.lot on N line of Vallejo
street. 100 W of Larkln. W 25 by N 120; $535.
Emma A. Stoddart to Archibald C. Stoddart.
lot en SE corner of Geary and Gough streets,
E 30 by S 137:6; gift.
Archibald C. sstoddart to John T-. Harmes
(trustee for Emma A. Stoddart). life es.tate In
same; {1.
John A.. Margaret G., Joseph F. and Lillie
E. Grennan to Minerva D. Kellogg, lot on S
line of Grove street, 155 E of Gough, E 27:6 by
S 120; $10. ¦ '
Elizabeth Mooney to same, same (quitclaim
deed); JlO. ,
City and County of San Francisco to William
H. Ward, let on XV line of Shotwell street, 65 S
of Nineteenth. S 30 by XV 122:6; $— ...
Frank W. Aitken and Martha E. Paul et al
to Rudolph L. Proll, lot on W line of Stevenson
street, ICO S of Nineteenth. S 50 by AY 70; $3500.
Thomas and Mary Clark to J. G. Keeling, lot
on N line of Hill street, 230 W of Sanchez, W
23 by N 114; $5.
J B. Atkinson (by B. P.. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernla Savings and Loan Society,
lot on SE corner of Twenty-fifth and Dolores
streets. E 15*. S 35, E 100. S 25, W 100, S 50, E
IUQ. S 150, W 250, N 260; $17,000.
John C. and Charity L. Rogers to Cecile J.
Durbrow (wife of Charles J.). lot on N line of
Twenty-first street, 50 E of Eureka, E 25 by N
117:6; ?10.
Marie J. Bergerot to Jean A. Bergerot. lot on
S line c.f Dikeman place, 80 W of Mason street.
W 35:6 by S 60; gift.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Eoclety to Charles
Schlesslnger, let on S line of Post street, 103: lVi
E of Hyde. E 34:4 Vi by S 137:6; $5750.
Katie F. Peterson and as administratrix of es
tate of Joseph N. Peterson, Elmer and Ethel
Peterson, Henry Horstmann (by Charles Gross,
commissioner) to Inter Nos Building and Loan
Association, lot on S line of Heyman street, 70
W cf Prospect. W 28:8 by S 70, lot 99, .Jacob
Heyman's subdivision Cobb Tract; $691.
N. Persloo to Thusla Perslco, lot IS, block 17,
Lakevlew; also property outside of county; $10.
Olive Verkoutercn to Charles Goldstein, lot
on E line of Ware street, 75 S of Paul, S 125 by
E IUO, lots 28 to 32, block 6, Garden Tract Home
stead; $10.
Ingeborg Jorsensen (wife of C. J.) to Henry
Panderson, lot on NW line of G street, 75 NE of
Ninth avenue. NE 25 by NW 75, block 160, South
San Francisco Homestead; grant.
Thomas F. Marwedel to Carrie H. Leichrlng.
lot on S line of Bush street. 65:9. W of Bu
chanan, W 68:9 by N 137:6; $ .
James Durkin to Eliza Durkin, lot on NW
line of Folsom street, 150 NE of. Ninth. NE
25 by NW 90; gift.
George Jennings to Annie Jennings (wife),
all Interest in lot on W line of Folsom street,
135 S of Fourteenth, S 60 by W 122:6; gift.
Abraham Sharp to Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society (a corporation), lot on E line of Noe
street. 101:6 ,S of Eighteenth. S 25 by E 105; $10.
Caroline F. Plunkett (wife of William A.)
to L. M. F. Wanoer (single), lot on SE corner
of Twenty-first and Castro streets, S 76, E I*3,
S 38. E 50, N 114, W 155; $2.
Minnie P. Shotwell to Caro O. Hill, lot on
NE corner of Twenty-sixth and Bryant streets,
X 140 by E 100; $10.
George Jennings to Annie Jennings (wife),
undivided third of following: Lot on NE cor
ner of Battery and Washington streets. N 137:8
by E 137:6: also lot on W line of Front- street.
137:6 N of California, N 45:10 by W 137:6; also
lot on NE corner of Third and Minna streets,
NW 80 by NE 97:6; alsto lot on S line of O'Far
rell street, S3 E of Jones, S 122:6. E 32:6, N 60,
W 7, N 62:6, W 25:6; gift.
Estate of Edward D. Heatley <by William A.
Wilson, executor) to Tallinn Banking Com
pany ta corporation), lot on SW corner of
Chestnut and Kearny streets, W 137:6' by S
137:6; also lot on NW corner of Lombard and
Kearny streets, N 137:6 by W 137:6; $11,166.
Ben B. Kellogg to Mary E. Kellogg, lot on
S line of O'Farrell street. 217:3 E ot Jones. E
57:6 by. S 137:6; $10.
Anton Schuhman to Amelia Schuhman. lot on
E line of- Third avenue, 175 S of Lake street,
S 25 by E 120; $10.
Antolne and Grade Borel to Joaquln Sllva,
lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 275 N of Cali
fornia street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
George Jennings to Annie Jennings (wife),
undivided third of following: Lot commencing
110 S from SE corner of Tenth avenue and I
street. S 176 by E 120; also lot* 7 to 9 and 13.
block S. lots 37. block 9, Flint Tract; also lot
35, Bernal Homestead Association: gift.
Ben B. Kellogg to Mary E. Kellogg, lot on
W line of Twelfth avenue, 150 S of L street.
S 50 by W 120; $10.
Mary A. Bartlett to John Pforr. lot on NW
corner of Forty-fourth avenue and N' street,
W 240 by N 600; $10.
Louis K. -Rosenberg to Charles- K. Rosenberg,
lot MS, Gift Man 1; $10.
Otis D. Wheeler to Lucy Wheeler, lots 235.
237 and 239. Gift Mnp 3: gift.
Lucy Rlckoff to Nettle B. Rlckoff. lot on E
line of Rtanyan street. 75 S of Alma, S 2* by
E 100; $10.
Eva C. Rountree and Tlltle de Bauge to
Charles Luttringer, lot on SW line of Harring
ton street, 100 NW of Telegraph (Mission) road,
NW £0 by SW 100, lot 37. Academy Tract: $10.
Albert C. Alken to John R. Spring, undivided
eighth subdivision In block 10, University
Mound, quitclaim deed; $10.
Michael C. Bateman to John C. Bateman. lot
on N line of Pacific street, 173:6 XV of Gough.
W 34, N 133, W 12, N 12:2%. E 42. S 54:2'/i. E 4,
S 91; ?10.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie- R. and
Martha Wood • (executrices), to Emma H.
Brown, lot on S line of Green etrcet, 170 E of
Stolner. E 22 by S 137:6; $1215.
City and County of San Francisco to Kath
erlne C. Repenn, lot on N line of Thirteenth
streetri44:l% W of Scott, W 25:1*4. N 117:4%,
E 23, S 119:4%: $— — .
Mary Nachtlgall and P. B. Nagle Jr. to
Esther Levy (wife of Solomon), lot «n NW cor
ner of Post and Broderlck streets, W 80 by N
55; $10.
Sarah F. Crosby (wife of G. O.) to Emma F.
Jessup. lot on E line of Lott street, 75 S of
Turk. S 25 by E 100: gift.
Mattte O. Campbell- (Lord, wife of B. F.)
to Edward McPhlllips, lot on NE line of Tenth
street. 200 SE of Harrison, SE SO by NE 100; $10.
Rosa Lagomarsino to Jactnto Lagomarsino,
lot on W lino of Kearny street, 97:6 N of Urflon,
N 57:6 by W 60; $1500.
Alameda County.
Daniel Elvln to Annie Elvln. lot on NW cor
corner of Sixteenth and Grove streets, E 50 by
N 100, block 271, Oakland; gift. ¦
Oakland Bank of Savings to Stephen B. Ken
field, lots 13 to 20 ar.d N 40 feet of lot 21, block
7 Jose Domingo Tract, Berkeley; $1200.
Helen C. Shellard to David L. Shirk, lot on
S line of Delaware street, 110 E of Hamilton,
E 40 by S 135, being the E 40 fe#t, lot W of sub
range 8. Hardy Tract, Berkeley; $10.
lianiel Elvin to Annie Elvln. lot on NW cor
ner of Orchard and Secbnd avenues. N 140 by
AY 100. being lots 7 and 8. block C, Stone Tract,
Brooklyn Township; gift. ¦
R. E. and Lucy C. Ragland to Carl Grondona,
lot on N line of Cypress street, 44- W from E
line of block 21. New Map of AVoodstock. thence
N 200 by AY 46. beln? a portion of block 21.
Now Map of AVoodstock, Alameda; $5.
Same to Frank Sobrero. lot on N line of
Cypress street, distant -NW 144 from E line
of block 21. New Map of AVoodstock, thence
NAY 52, NE 100, SE 7. NE 100.02, SE 47. SAY 200
to beginning, being portion of block 21 of above
map (to correct 718 d. 471); Alameda; $10.
Same to John A'aglna, lot beginning at SE
corner of block 21, being the NE corner of Cy
press street and block 21, New Map of AVood
6U.ck. thence AY 44. N 200. 8 43.47, E 200 to be
ginning, being portion of block 21 of above map,
Atameda; $.10. -1"
Annie M. Edson to Ida M. Rank, lot on NW
corner of San Antonio avenue and Morton
street, W 150 by N 100. being lots 10 and 11.
block 2, Map of Pacific Land Investment Com
pany's rroperty at Morton-street station, Ala
meda* $10.
Maren Bagge to Henry AY. Woods, lot on NW
corner of Joaquln avenue and Santa Rosa street,
W 72 by N 141:9, being lot S and. portion of lot
6, block 12. Eetudlllo Tract, San Leandro, Eden
Township; $1.
Henry W. Woods to Joseph S, Azvedo, same;
Eugene and Annie T. Gilardtn to Jennie M^.
Annie E. and Joseph A. GUard n lot on NE
line of East Fourteenth street, 125 SE of Six
teenth avenue. SE 25 by NE 140. being lot 6.
block 18, San Antonio, East Oakland; $10.
O. G. and Eliza B. May to H. L Demerltt.
lot on E line of Walnut street. 434 N of College
way, N 60 by E 136.50 being lot 21, AVhltton
Tract Berkeley; $10.
Catherine Barber and J. E. Barber to Susan
L Drake lot on S corner of Second avenue and
Clifton street, SE 221:6 by SAY 196:8. being lot
4 and portion of lot 3. block F, A'ernon Park.
Oakland (warranty deed): $1000.
N H and Dute Halght to Mary R. Klmball.
lot on NE corner of Channlng way and.Tele
graph avenue, E 50 by N 130. being portion of
lot 1, block 10, Map of College Homestead,
Berkeley: $2500.
Charles J. and Cecile J. Durbrow to Mary F.
Macomber (wife of C. A.), lot on N line of
Harmon street, 350 E of Calais, E 50 by N 135,
being lot 3, block D. on Map of Subdivision of
5 pcrticn of Harmon Tract, Berkeley; $10.
A. M. and Ida M. Goodnough to N. B. Kelso,
lot on SE line of Grand (or Walnut) avenue,
150 NE.cf Orange street. NE 50 by SE 140, being
lot 45. Marion tract. Berkeley; $10/ .
Caroline M. Runkle to Theodore Beeny. lot
on NE corner of Mlna and Warren streets, N
2CO by E 600, being entire block 16, Map of Fitch
burg Homestead Lots, Brooklyn Township,
Annie Locke Moore Rowland to B. Valera, lot
on E line of Grove street. 245 N of Thirty-sev
enth, N 50 by E 125. Oakland; $100.
Matilda A. Bradley (wife of George T.). to
Eva D Coocan (wife of AVilliam.), lot on N
line of Taylor street. 36 AA" of AA'ood, W 26:6 by
N C 7:6 portion of S half of lots 37 and 3$ on
Map of plat and subdivision of block 402, Oak
land Point, and also portion of block 702, Oak-
Margaret M. and William T. Wilkins to Mag
<Jalena M. Hamilton (wife of XV. T.). all Inter
est In lot on N line of Sixteenth street. 260 W
of West street, W 30 by N 103:9. being the AY
30 feet of lot IS, block C. property of North Oak
land Homestead Association, Oakland; also lot
on W line ot Market street. 41:6 N of Sixteenth.
N 41r9 by AY 100, being lot 14 and portion of lota,
13 and 15, block 193. Reed Tract, Oakland: $10.
Magdalena M. and AVilliam T. Hamilton to
Margaret M. AVilklns (wife of W. T.). lot on
AY line of Market street, 83:3 N of Sixteenth. N
41:9 by W 100. being the E portion of lot 12 and
N portion of let 13, block £93, Reed Tract. Oak
land: ?10. '
Samuel Wakeham to Millie Duensing. lot S,
block A, Blake Tract. Maps 1 and 2, Berkeley
property. Berkeley (life estate): gift.
Andy L. Stone to George AY. Graves, lot on
S corner of AValnut (or Grand) > avenue and
Olive street, SE 140 by SW 60, being lot 43.
Marlon Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Charles L: Patton to Alameda Savings Bank,
lot on SW corner of Railroad avenue and
Fourth street (or West End avenue). W 30.64,
S 135. AY 15.54, 8 135, E 46, N 270 to beginning,
lots 19 and 33. block B, Resubdlvlslon of Halght
Tract, Alameda; $10. -
Alameda Ravings Bank to Charles S. Neal,
came; fCGO.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued From Page Thirty-one.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 190 Q.
$75 CASH: $10 monthly: cottage of 3 rooms:
good well- of water; 3 fine lots all fenced:
near 3 electric car lines; fine schoolhouse and
90- foot boulevard: soil, view and climate the
very best: no foes nor cold winds; Allendale
Tract, adjoining East Oakland; price all
told $6tO; call or send for circular, 455 Sev-
enth et.. Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
DIVIDC.M) NOTICES.
DlVlDEND~Notlce^DivMend No. 101 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. on and after Thurs-
day, February 1, 19C0. Transfer books will
close on Friday. January 26. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN Franrlsco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety— Many cases of diphtheria, and scarlet
fever being reported In the city. It has been
( >ri^e<l to admit no visitors cr friends of the
children at the Ran Frnnrisco Prote«tant Or-
phan Asylum for the present. The health of
the children at the Institution Is excellent,
and this precaution is to keep It so. By order
of the president.
M. P. MacCRELLTSH. Secretary.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tensnt* ejected for $4: collections mad*;
rlty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4115 Mnntporr»ry »t.. r<v»m« »-in; t»1. KS2O.
PROPOSALS.
SAN^^RANCISCO. Cal., January 25, 1900.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a, m. February 24
1300 and then opened, for construction of
power-house, electrical machinery, heating
system, tee machine and cold storage, filter
plant, kitchen and laundry machinery, eto..
for U. S. General Hospital at Presidio of San
Francleco. Cal. Government reserves right
to reject or accept any or all bids In whole or
in part. Preference given to articles of do-
mestic production, conditions of price and
quality (including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, and
such preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Coast, to
extent of consumption required by the public
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to J. M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quar-
termaster General, Chief Q. M.
ALAMEDA" ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
WE offer the following special bargains:
jlooo_House of 4 rooms and bath; lot 66x100.
$16no— House of 5 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 40x125.
JljCO — House of 5 rooms, all modern improve-
ments; lot 40x130: near bay shore.
$4500— House of 10 rooms, all modern Improve-
ments, fine location; lot 50x140.
jSOoo — House of 9 rooms: lot 75x150: artesian
well. etc.. new and first-class; finest location
in Alameda. E. D. JUDD CO..
1424 Park *t.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
John F. Ruth, 35, city, and Mary E. Nugent,
* Pietro Cavallero, 41. B6S Hoffmann avenue,
and Alvlna Raschlo. 32. 56J Hoffmann avenue.
Karl Schramm, 45. 327 Clementina street, and
Dora Guertler. 31. 1018 Mission street.
Henry O. Beckley. 33, J2O Drumm street, and
Cristina Cornelius. 20, 320 Drumm street.
Edward J. Brown, 2S, city, and Frances A.
Carpenter. 2S. Oakland. -
Henry Rives, 51. Salt Lake City, and Mary
Andrew <- C? H. Schunclter. 21. 1817 Howard
street, and Marie R. A. Chapdelaine. 20. 5 Cal-
houn street.
George R. Young, 29. Chicago, and Mac E.
Glover. 26. Bancor. Me.
Jay B. Arnold. 2S, Montreal, and Juliette
Blanchard. 23. city. -
A HOME— Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one A. R. DENKE Sr..
1400 Webster nt.. Alameds.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
JJ5O— SEE this 4-room cottage; cor. lot; 40x100;
JKO down, balance $10 per month. W. C.
MORAN.
$3000— FINE 6-room cottage; lot CbcMO; street
work all done; 2 blocks to school and
Berkeley local train and electric c«r.«: N. sl'ie
of street: will exchange for Seattle lots. W.
C. MORAN.
tlXO; COST ?3200— C large rooms; street work
ali done; cement walk; 3 blocks to school,
rhurch and Berkeley local and electric cars;
S3OU cash balance <->n monthly Installments,
Fame as rent. W. C. MORAN, Lorin Station,
Berkeley.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BARRY— In Vallejo, January 7, 1900. to the
wife of M. J. Barry, a Bon.
BRICKELL— In Oakland, January 20, 1900, to
the wife of H. S. Brlckell. a son.
COGHLAN— In this city, January 25, 1900, to
the wife of M. T. Cojthlan, a son.
DEEHENT— In this city, January 25. 1900, to
the wife of Charles H. Deehent, a son.
DE LAVEAGA— In this city, December 22, 1599,
to the wife of A. J. M. de Laveaga, a daugh-
ter.
ELMORE— In this city, January 13, 1900, to
the wife of J. M. Elmore, a son.
FLINN— Iii this city, to the wife of XV. P.
Flinn. a dauzhter.
GRIFFIN— In this city, January 15. 1900, to the
wife of Maurice Griffin, a daughter.
LEVY— In this city, January 22. 1900, to the
wife of Max Levy, a daughter.
LYNCH— In this city. January 22. 1500, to the
wife of M. 1. Lynch, a daughter.
RICE— In this city, January 23, 19C0, to the wife
of George A. Rice,- a son.
WILSON— In this city. January 23, 1900, to the
wife of F. N. Wilson, a daughter.
14000— a GOOD home and business combined;
lot ICOxISJ: 5-room house; 3 large glass houses
full of carnations producing a good income.
H D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
MARRIED. .;¦<
MOLL— DEGENER— In this city, January 27,
1900, by the Rev. F. XV. Fischer, Rudolph
Moll and Otllie Degener, both of San Fran-
cisco.
ROBINSON— FAIRWEATHER— In this city.
January 24, 1900, by the Rev. E. J. Lion,
Maury Robinson and A. Blanche Fairweather.
SCHAAF— CASTRO— In this city, January 26,
1900, by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Leno Schaaf
and Nettie T. Castro.
SCHRAMM— GUERTLER— In this city. Janu-
ary 27. 1900, by the Rev. F. XV. Fischer, Karl
Schramm and Dora . Guertler, both of San
Francisco.
SWAIN— FLAHERTY— In this city, January
25. 1900. by the Rev. James Flood, James H.
Swain and Miss M. Flaherty.
SWITZER— NELSON— In this city. January 24,
ISOO, by the Rev. E. G. Mathena, D.D.. John
B. Swttzer and Lizzie Nelson, both of San
Francisco.
TWO new cottages of 6 rooms, pantry and bath
in each; large lot; street work all done; close
to school and churches.
Price JI4CO each. $100 cash, balance $15 per
month.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln, ask
for RUDOLPH & PERKINS; office open Sun-
days. ¦ «¦« ¦
FOR tale— 4-room house; Delaware St., near
narrow-gauge railroad, Berkeley; only occu-
pied a short time. •• -. v.r
HMO— 7-ROOM house: lot 50x100; $JOO cash,
hninnre on terms to nutt. W. C MORAN.
UAivLAIM) ADV£,l(llotMti\lo.
OFFICE— QOH BROADWAY.
DIED.
Clark. Martin V. Hoeck, Thomas N.
Cooper, Eben B. lacopo, De Luca
Daly. Dennis J. Kennlson, Mary A.
Dayton. Dr. Eli Klein. Theodore
Einstein. Morris Kullman, Louis
Flck. Lily • Lamroux. Caroline
Ford. Michael C. McGrlen. James
French, Ernest H. Martin. Russell R.
Friedman, Julius Mackenzie. Bessie
Figueiredo. Mary Maltby, Charles
Frelermuth. Sarah L. Molloy, Michael
Gam[ier, George W. Sweeny. Thomas U. ;
Golden. Mrs. Thomas Wagner, Henry A.
Gompertz. Paul J. Westphal, Louis E.
CLARK— In the City and County Hospital,
January 27, 1900, Martin V. Clark, a native
of Ohio, aged 65 years.
COOPER— In this city, January 27. 1900, Eben
Bruce Cooler, beloved husband of Nancy
E. Coooer, and father of Dr. Charles E.
Cooper and Mrs. W. L. Maule, a native of
England, aged 75 years 10 months and 7 days.
(ETFrlends are respectfully invited to at-»
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 3 o'clock, at Park Congregational Church,
Hayes street, near Lyon. Interment private.
DALY— In this city, January 27, 1900, Dennis J.,
beloved eon of the late Timothy and Annie
Daly, and brother of John A. Daly and Mrs.
F. Joseph, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years 10 months and 13 days.
DAYTON— In this city, January 21. 1900, Dr.
Eli Dayton, formerly of North Bend. Ohio,
a native of Ne>r Milford. Lltchfleld County,
Conn., aged £5 years 11 months and 14 days.
EINSTEIN— In this city, January 25. 1900. Mor-
ris Einstein, beloved husband of Mathilda
Einstein, and father of Mrs. Theo. Mansfield
of New York, a native of Germany, aged 70
years and S months.
[£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from, his late resi-
dence, 2321 Sacramento street, under the aus-
pices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock, train from Third and Townsend
streets.
FICK-In Oakland. January 25. 1900. Lily, be-
loved daughter of AugUßt and the late Annie
Flck, and nlster of Francis. August, Anna
and Albert Flck. a native of San Francisco.
&7FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her* late resi-
dence. lOiD'.i Wood street. Oakland.
FRIEDMAN— Entered into rest, January, 21,
1900, at. the Palace. Julius Friedman, a na-
tive of Mitau, Kurland. aged 77 years.
CyFuneral cortege will leave, Third and
Town^end streets, this day (Sunday), at
11:15 o'clock, by special train, to Cypress
. Lawn Cemetery, where the remains will be
cremated, in accordance with the wishes of
the deceased. Interment strictly private.
OFFICERS and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society— You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late mem-
ber, J. Friedman, | this morning by special
train from Third and Townsend streets, at
11:15 o'clock. By order of the president.
• S. ZEKIND, Secretary.
FIGUEIREDO (nee GLOVER)— In this city.
January I*. 1900. Mary, dearly beloved wife
of V. L. de Figueiredo. mother of Jennie
and Joseph de Fliruelredo. beloved daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mrs. A. Glover, and darling
sister of George A., John F., Stephen C, .Mag.
,gle A.. Jennie T.. Dr.. C. A., Andrew J. and
James J. Glover, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years.
*C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notlfled that the funeral will take place
to-morrow (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her
late residence. 1916 A Powell- street, thence to
St. Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at -10 o'clock, thence
to Mount Calvary Cemetery for interment.
FORD— Entered into rest. In this city, Janu-
ary 28, 1900, Michael Conroy Ford.' second eld-
est sen of the late James and Maria Ford,
and brother of Mrs. E. O'Sullivan, John J.
Ford and Mra. T. Conroy of Montreal. Can-
ada, a native of Oakland. Cal.; aged 45 years.
tGTFuneral to-morrcw (Monday), at 1
o'clock, from his late residence, corner Eighth
avenue nnd'M street. South San Francisco.
Interment strictly private. Please omit flow-
ers.
FREIERMUTH— In this city. January 23. 1900,
Sarah L. Frelermuth, beloved mother of Sarah
L. Stolglcman. H. XV. Freiermuth and the late
George A. Frelermuth, a- native of Fayette,
Me., aged 71 years 5' months and 28 days.
C7Friend*i and acquaintances are respect-
30ARTOVED
Saturday, January 27.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, IS hours from Or»«n«
wood.
Stmr -Despatch. Johnson. 38 hours from 6aa
Pedro.
s^tinr .Corona, Debn«y. (9 hoars from Saa
Diego, etc.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. 16 hours front
Crescent City.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Queen. Jersen. 53 hours from Vlctori*
and Pusret Sound ports.
Stmr Cleone. Hlggtns. It* hoars from Caspar.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. 17 hours from Albion.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. C 8 hours front
Portland, via Astoria E0 1 .. hours.
Stmr Areata. Reed. 48 houra from Cbos Pay.
via Port Orford 40 hours.
Stmr City of Sydney, Plllsbury, 29 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki II days.
- Stmr North Fork. Bash. IS hoars from Eu
ceka.
Stmr Fulton. Johnson. 49 hours from Saa
Dleyo.
Schr Barbara Hern.it er. Llndberg, 15 hours
from Fbrt Bragg.
Schr Prossef. Nlderer. 14 days from Bant*
Barbara.
CLEARED.
Saturday, January XT.
Stmr Columbia, IVron. Astoria; Oregon Rail
may, ac^ Navigation Co.
Stmr Cfewa Kelson. Andarson. Seattle; 9 T
Kruse.
Hides and Leather are reported weaker and
quieter In the East, but this market is un
changed. Wool is firm, with light stocks.
Hops are steady, with reduced supplies.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lo under quotations. . Heavy salted
steers, llttQl2c: medium, lie; light. lOtto; Cow
hides, 10tt@Uc; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. lie; Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, sound; 19320 c: oulls and brands.
17®l8c' -Dry Kip and Veal,- 17®lSo; Dry Calf. 19
«?20c;, Sheepskins, yearlings, 10#30c each; short
Wool, 35g-Wc each; medium. 70®90o; long Wool,
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris again ad
vanced, the rise at the latter point being still
more pronounced.
Chicago showed little change. The . opening
was easier on iiront taking and small response
from Liverpool. There were more buyers than
Bellert, and foreigners bought freely. A small
parcel of No. . 2 winter Wheat was worked for
Parie. Private cables reported increased crop
damage. Buenos Ayres and Roeaiio closed by
the bubonic plague. A severe cold wave Is pre
dicted for the West.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17.K51 barrels: exports, 11,258 barrels. Quiet, but
steadily held. Minnesota patents, J3 ?5ig i 4 10;
Minnesota bakers', J2 So@3; winter patents,
$3 &5i&3 SO; winter straits, J3 40©3 45; winter ex
tras, $2 COS 2 85; winter low grades, tf 25@2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 1800 bushels; exports, 1600
bushels. Spot quiet. No. 2 red, 76%ic f. o. b.
afloat prompt; No. 2 red, 74% c elevator. Op
tions opened easy under disappointing Liver
pool cables, but promptly turned strong and
active on further signs of positive strength at
Paris, coupled with fresh war news. Finally
the market eased off, however, under realizing
and closed easy at unchanged prices to V,c ad
vance. March closed 76c: May, 74%@74%c,
closed 74% c: July, 74"i@75Hc, closed 75^c.
HOPS— Quiet. Common to choice. 1596 crop,
6c; 1898 croD, 7fi9c; 1599 crop, 12(5 13c: Paclho
Coast, 1896 crop, 406 c; IS9B crop, 7<g9c; 1889
crop; 12^(13c.
HIDES— Firm. Galvestoon, 20 to 25 pounds
19»,.c; Texas dry, 24 to 30 pounds, 15c; Cali
fornia, 21 to "5 pounds, Sl'^o.
LKATHER— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 21® 26c
Texas. 14^170.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady at the
bottom for the day, a net loss of 5 to 15
points. Totals sales, 24,260 bags, including
February, J6 SOQS 89; March, .$« 85; May, $6 95
fi7; July, $7 10; September, J7 15; November
17 25; December, 17 30. Spot coffee— Rio weak
and nominal; No. 7 invoice, BW,c; No. 7 job
bing, B»ic. Mild— Quiet, but steady; Cordova.
8%<&12%C.
SUGAR— Raw fair; fair refining, 3 15-1«®4 C ;
centrifugal, 9« test, 4 7-16 c; mola«ses sugar,
3&C. Refined— Firm and more active; mold
A. 4.90 c; standard "A. 4.95 c; confectioners' A.
4.95 c; cut load, 5.£5 c; crushed, 5.55 c; powdered!
K.25c: granulated, 5.13 c; cubes, 6.30 c
'BUTTER— Receipts,' 244T packages steady.
June creamery. 10©23 c; Western creamery 213
25c: factory. lSifflSc. v
EGGS— Receipts, 4SOO packages; easy. West-
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— Th« rfv-Jt market
v.kb narrow and professional to-day, but re
flected some slightly Increased lnfrefct. and
trices showed some response to new* develop
ments. Quite an active speculation developed
in Third avenue, which was feverish at a level
extending to 6v. points below lest nifrht. Ru- I
Dora were rife touching the plans for financing
the floating debt of this eotEfNtay; and denials
followed quickly on rumorf. The market was
disposed to resist this influence and hardened,
tlie gpecialtiee leading in point of activity and
Ftrensth. The rather cheerful tone of the
•reekly trade reviews, the good - railroad earn
ings for the third ueei In January and the
expectation of a strong bank statement pro
noted baying. The December statement of Ht.
Psul chocked the movement on account of tlie
<3ecrea»e of JIW'.OOO in net earnings for the
w>nth fey reason of Increased operating ex
penses. The decrease in net earnings ot the
erstcm for the tlsial year is thus brought up
to SSoV>'- > . The totai was offered down a I
Fh»rp iractioti on the showing. liurUnj,ton j
ricoety following ar.d the whole list ehowing j
V.i* «-rfect-
There was but an indifferent rally on the
bank statement, and prices were ellKhtly lower
thai, yesterday et the close. The j.roportions
of the 1.-.an Increase ag£in proved a sharp rise,
though the loan cxi>anMon w&s only a fraction
of the increased cn-dit facilities aflorded by the
cash Increase. There has been no borrowing
(Jf-nuuid manlfevt on the Stock Kxchansc dur- I
IBS the week, and th«- time loan and rnercaij- |
tile pajxr r.iarkt-ts have been reported dull, al
though banker* have been offering additional
ina'4r*mcnts to place loans. No operations
have been known of sufficient eire to account
Jor the loan expansion of t7.6U.70A.
A BXnSLU contingent of rrofeEt-tona! operators
In Etocks and foreign arbilrase brokers have
<3one practically all of the trading on the Stock
ICxchanse for the past week. 7>ealings have
not exceeded in volume thos* of • last week,
and bonds have shown a j-rosresslve decrease.
There were rather wide changes In prices on
several cays, but they v/r-re but vibrations
uue to professional manipulation, and the
tloslwg of eOB&BCtt served to draw j>ric(s back
to hint Saturday's level, around v.'hich the
market oscillated. The reckon* for the ex
cessjve •;.,.:••.-- are not entirely clear, as many
conditions conform to those in tormer periods
of great h-p»rul»Mve activity, notably the large
reflux at money to the reserva centers from
active upe in business and uniformly fuvcrabie
rejiorts of business and trade.
There is st lfcrc-> body in Wall street of the
ojn.iion that the dullness is only explicable en
the score of the eusnentje over the outcome of
the war in gouth Africa. Uut there were two
events there durins the week which were
thought of sufficient importance In the London
stock market to induce considerable specula
tive activity tb<»r<? without awakening any In
terest in the Neur yo r k market outside th<«
foreign arbitrage cff.ces and the professional
trader*. Prices of internationally listed stocks
responded t-harply, ac the narrow market made
the arbitrage operations erfectlve in keeping
prices near the London parity. This !s not
conclusive evidence, though it is against the
essumptlon of the dominating Influence of the
Couth African war upon speculative sentiment.
The taking of Spion Kop was not to be ex
pected to mark the final submission of the
i4v--is any mere than the retaking was to be
Interpreted as the rellnuuiEhment of the Brit
ish camiiaign, yet both were deumeU imi>ortant
developments and had reflection as such In the
London btovk market without inducing any
afvpreeiablo buying of stucks here in the one
cax or selling in the other. It is safe to con
clude trv,m this that the world's commerce and
finance have bo far adjusted themselves to the
interruption of the Transvaal gold supply from
flowinK into the world's slock as not to be
severely shaken by the events threatening a
prolongation of the interruption. What would
be the effect en speculative markets of a sud
den development promising early termination
of the war and resumption of the Transvaal j
gold output is another question. It Is a fact 1
that B-jine competent authorities on the money
market in Wall street are not free from ay- ,
prehension over the money outlook, notwith
standmt the present ease of money in nearly
all departments. The first part of the month
brought heavy disbursements trom the Treas
ury on account of pension payments, which j
kei't down the surplus, but current returns j
from the Treasury show a day to day surplus 1
owing to heavy revenue collections. The de
posits of internal revenue collections in Na
tional bank depositories are also approaching
the limits provided for by the Government
bonds deposited with the Treasury by the banks
as security, after which the taking up of the
surplus by the Treasury would be resumed. In
the case of th« London money market the Bank
of England, having helped to tide over the an
nual settlement perior with liberal loans. Is
now recuff-ratlng its reserves and receiving
large payments- of lc-ans. Although the bank
rate has' boen reduced from 6 to 4 per cent
.since the first of the year, it Is still nearly 1
per cent above the private discount rate and
thus entourages continued paying of loans.
The future of the London market depends
much upon whether the BanK of England's
policy of recuperation is in preparation for
Government lnan issues to provide for war
expenses, an event which would probably draw
gold from New York. Added to these con
siderations is some feeling of doubt and Ques
tioning aroused by the very free discussion and
criticism of a New York trust company. These
accounts, while ct Importance in themselves.
are of even greater importance in the principles
ln\'olved in the placing of loans owing to the
promotion of industrial ccri-orations. The ar
gument that prices ot securities are at an in
viting level must b<? considered in connection
with the fact that van amount* of money were
sn*-nt at the extreme high prices last year,
comi-ared with which present prices represent
heavy losses and discouragement or in
ability to buy. Thrse positive factors toward
dullness are In addition to the negative or I
passive one of waitinc for the industrial fu- ;
ture to define itself more accurately.
The falling off in the rate of Inflow of money ,
seeking employment has served to decrease the |
demand for bonds and has resulted In price <
reactions in suni« points. The market has con- : !
tinued firm for the most Fart. United States j
new fours declined U. the threes and old fours j
registered %. and the coupon Vi In the bid 1
price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing ¦
Sold. Bid.
2,150 Atrhlson 19H i
4,025 Atchison preferred 59 T i j
fc6l Baltimore & Ohio 571. |
Canadian Pacific S3 7 . \
Canada Southern 4i? 1
100 Chesapeake & Ohio 2S»i j
375 Chicago Great Western ¦ " 13'^ i
4,2'j0 Chicago, Hurlington & Qulney 1214 j
Chicago Indiana & St Louis 15
Chicago, Indlara & St Louis prfd.. 45 ;
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 87Vs j
Chicago A Northwestern 1.19 ]
CCO Chicago, R I & Pacific 106 ;
CO C 6: St Lou4b 60 !
Colorado Southern 54
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4s\
Colorado Southern 2d prefd H'_
Delaware & Hudson 114 j
T Delaware, I*uokawann & West 174 j
Denver & Rio Grande 17
lienver & Rio Grande prefd 68
Krie ¦• • HV6 !
Erie Ist prefd 31". j
Great Northern prefd 164 |
Hocking Coal 1« !
Hockins Valley 33
300 Illinois Central 113ti ,
lowa Central 12 I
lowa Central prefd K2 |
Kansas City, Pittsnurg & Gulf $' 4|4 |
Lake Erie ie Western 22 |
Lake Erie &. Western prefd........ K.it 4 ;
Lake Shore 184 \
l.1«0 Louisville & Nashville :s<* |
?10 Manhattan L 93>ii i
I.SSO Metropolitan St Ry ICT'i j
Mexican central 1H»
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 591.
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd SO I -.
2.150 Missouri Pacific 42 1 !.
Mobile & Ohio 40
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 10',.
Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 32
New Jersey Central HS^i
New York Central 183"4
200 Norfolk & Western 2« v .
Norfolk & Western prefd..... 6»S
«"0 Northern Pacific 51
Northern Pacific prefd 73^
2-jO Or.tario &. Western 21\*
Oregon Railway 4 Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd.. 76
700 Pennsylvania 125% j
100 Reading 17. j
72* Il^adine Ist prefd 60*4]
Heading 2d prefd 27 j
100 Rio Grande Western 4<> |
Rio Grande Western prefd... 85
2C5 St Louis & San Francisco .*S
St Louis & San Francisco Ist prf. 63
400 ft Louis &. San Francisco 2d prf. 33Vs I
Xt Louis. -Southern 11% j
550 Ht Louis, South western prefd 2C4 !
3,610 Xt Paul HTVi
tt Paul pref3 170
St Paul & Omaha 120 .
C.J47 Southern Pacific , ; 37-%
125 Southern Hallway 11% j
Southern Railway prefd £3% !
. WO Trxas 4 Pacific 15',_ |
2,30H T'nion Pacific 46V4 I
433 I'nion Pacific prefd 75
VM Wabash 6»i
2^o Wabash prefd ....; 20>.
. 100 Wheeling & Lake Erie B*.
Whe^liiiß & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2GH
Wisconsin Central 17}_
Kxprces Companies
Adams 114
American 146 -
• I'pited States 47
Wei!*, Kanro & Co's 123
Mlsc&Uaneous —
American Cotton Oil 23V4
American Cotton Oil prefd «... S2 1 ..
. 200 American .Malting i%\
American Malting prefd 27
610 American Srcultlne & Kenning 35%
Am Smelting U Uefinlne prefd 8S
, American Spirits 3,
American Spirits prefd 17 -
American Htc-<>l Hoop 4li_
American Steel Hoop prefd ; SO
5.6V5 American Pieel & Wire 491.;
1.(10 American Stetl & Wire prefd %i
SlO American Tin Plate 2V>i
American Tin Plate prefd 81U
1.830 American Tobacco .9
; American Tobacco prefd 135
ICO Anaconda Mining Co 391,
10,7^ Urookyin Rapid Transit „.. I\L
SO) Colorado Kuc! & Iron 41"! g
400 Continental Tobacco \ 3i«
Continental Tobacco prefd 84
1.315 Federal Steel \ $(;«
Federal Steel prefd 12«,j,
General Electric IK'_
3TW) Gluco6e Sugar ' 531?
Glucose Sugar prefd gs
&f!0 International Paper " ;Ai^
International Paper prefd 675 i
200 Laclede Gas 79
National HlFcult : 35 !
National Biscuit prefd " 9->u,
100 National Load ; 2 6i,_ j
; National L*ad prefd 105
320 National Steel 4014
National Steel prefd 92L |
ICO New York Airbrake j-g
North American 1414
....... Pacific Coast 61
•.. Pacific Coast Ist prefd- 93
Pacific Coast 2d prefd $4
850 Pacific Mnll ....' 42^
750 Peoples- Gas ........:....... ...:iO»s.
: . 1
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 10V4 5 9»i
Closing 5 104 6 9»i
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June
Opening W BO 2115
Closing
Flour —
Opening S6 95 17 40
Closing
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— CATTLE— Market weak,
closed nominally steady for natives;' Texans in
active demand; butchers firm; stockers and
feeders unchanged. Good to choice, $3 25® 6 25;
poor to medium, $4@5; mixed stockers, $3 25®
3 sn; selected feeders. $4 29®4 85; good to choice
cows, $3 40®4 50; heifers, $3 25@5 fiO; canners,
$2 20^2 SO; bulls, $2 25®4 60; calves, $3 5068;
Texas fed beeves, $405.
HOGS— Market 10c higher, closed weak;
prices highest of year. Mixed and butchers,
$4 f.5®4 85; good to choice, heavy, $4 70@4 90;
rough, heavy. »4 r-.f?4 65; li^ht, $4 60#4 77V.;
bulk of sales, $4 67'.»@4 80.
SHEEP AND LAMES— Firm. Native wethers,
$4 SOiQu; lambs, $s®o 75; Western wethers, $4 40
t?4 SO : Weetern lambs, $5 75@ 6 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 400; hogs, 14,000; sheep,
1000.
Receipts for the week— Cattle, 39,500; hogs,
153,600; sheep. 73.0C0.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— The brokers' . price for
lead Is 4.45 c and for copper, 19.50 c; casting,
15tte.
V\(j>w Ytfk Specie Movement:
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— The imports of specie
this w*ek w«re $42,77« gold and $53,557 silver.
Exports to all countries aggregated $1,000,073
in silver bars and coin and $59,859 in gold. •
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. 27.— Consols, 100TJ. Silver,
27l_d. French Rentes, 9!>f 97Hc@100f 2Hc. Wheat
cargoes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on
passage, rather firmer. No. 1 standard Califor
nia, 30.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 27.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California. 6s 3d. Wheat In Paris,
strong; Flour in Paris, strong.
COTTON— Uplands, 4».d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 27.— WHEAT— Futures
closed weak; March. 6s 10»4d; May, 5s B\d. Spot,
firm; No. 1 California, 6s 3d@6s 3Vid; No. 2 red.
Western winter. 5s Id; No. 1 Northern spring,
CORN— Spot, firm: American mixed new.
3s 64; old. 3s 6^d. Futures, steady; January,
3s 6d; February. 3a 6>id: March. 3s 6%d.
HOPS— Pacific Coast closed dull at London at
£3 10sQ>£4.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— The Financier says:
Tha New York Clearing-house banks added
$5,002. fi00 to their surplus reserve last week.
making the present excels $29,277,975. the largest
reported since the middle of June, 1839. At the
former period loans and deposits were at about
their rraximum. while the cash holdings were
$30,000,000 In excess of present supplies. The
banks were then faring the yearly demand for
crop purposes, which depleted the reserves to
the vanishing point over the fall season. Now,
with *very prospect of continued gains from
the interior, the problem concerns the disposi
tion of this excess cash, rather than the con
traction of loan 3 to meet the heavy call for
money elsewhere. It is a fact, however, that
the business of the banks is Increasing faster
than general conditions seem to warrant. The
«-xpa.nsion of $7,515,600 in loans during the past
week, in the face of an extremely active stock
market, is not easily explained, especially since
it follows a gain of $4,500,000 the previous week".
The loan Item Is therefore over $12,000,000
higher than it was two weeks ago. while Stock
Exchange business in that time has been ex
tremely dull. How far special causes have
troiiKht this about cannot be stated, but it is
to be said that the gain has been distributed
over a larce number of institutions and is not
confined, as with cash gains, etc., to a few
of the larger banks. With reference to the
latter the detailed statement fhows that one
bank eained over two-thirds of the cash last
week, while Its loans remained practically sta
tionary. In other words, the reserve of this
institution gained at the expense of other mem
bers of the Clearing-house. The Increase of
$15,000,000 in deposits reported by all the banks
is about what the operations of the week callt-d
for. and since the banks are required to carry
an additional reserve of $3,750.00) on the extra
deposits the gain in reserve is smaller than In
dicated by the receipts of cash. The influx
of currency shows no signs of falling off, but
It Is Interesting to recall that exactly one year
aro the reserves of the banks touched their
maximum for the earlier part of the year and
from that time on. while money continued to
pour into New York in large volume the ex
pansion In business was suoh as to outstrip
thece accessions, with the result that the sur
plus reserve had fallen to $15,000,000 at the be
ginning of April. The boom In the stock mar
ket which brought about this shrinkage Is now
entirely lacking and gives no immediate sign
of beinc at hand.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— Try-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Ax-all
able cash baUnca. $289,439,614; gold reserve,
$2X8.205.321.
London Markets.
NEW .YORK. Jan. 27.— Tha Commercial Ad
vertiser's Ivindon financial cablegram says:
The intense anxiety over the situation in' Natal
Ftupefl>d the market here to-day and there was
practically no business. The tone was heavy.
Th»» exchange was amuwd, not frightened, by
the Berlin rumor that General Warren had lost
23 f i0 men and seventeen guns on Spion Kop,
Mr. Leyds, the Transvaal agent, having just
reached Berlin.
The bank lest £40,000 gold engaged for the
Cape. The Berlin bank rate was reduced to
day from 4to 01/bo l /b per cent, as expected.
CLOSING
LONDON Jan. 27.— Canadian Pacific. 96H;
Union Pacific preferred. 76^i; Northern' Paciflo
preferred. 75H; Atchlson, Vt%; Grand Trunk,
7',_; Anaconda. BV4; bar silver firm, 27»_d per
ounce.
Securities were very active for Saturday,
and the list of sales was varied, but varia
tions were few. Contra Costa Water was lower
at JTlii 73 7a and Oceanic Steamship at S9€®
86 12V_.
There was a moderate business hi oil stocks.
The American Liquid Air Company has de
clared a dividend at tha rate 01 10 per cent
per annum, payable on the 27th. Local pay
ments will be made at 330 Pine street.
The quarterly dividends of the Alaska-Mexi
can and Aladka-Treadwell mines on Douglas
Island, Alaska, will be paid on the 29th.
The directors of the new gold fields of Brit
ish Columbia have declared an Interim dividend
at the rate of 10 per cent per annum (tree of
Income tax) for the half year ending on the
31st Instant, payable on January 10.
The Pennsylvania mine pays tha usual divi
dend for the month.
The Gwin mine pays a dividend of *SOOO for
the month.
The Argonaut mlns will pay a dividend of
$2u,000 for the month.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. January 27— 1J m,
Bia.AHK.
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup.. — —
4s quar reg.... — 114%
4s quar new... — —
3s quar coup..HoH —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 65. .115^4 —
C C Wat 55..106?i107»_
Ed L & P 65.. 130 132
F&CI Ry 6s. .115 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95
H C & S 5^3.. 105 110
li C i a is 106>4 —
L A Ry 55....104:4 —
LA LCo 55... — —
Do gntd 65...— —
Do gntd 55.. — IP3
L A & P R 55.ir,3'i103
Majkft-st 6?...12f1H —
Do Ist m 53..117 HSVi
N C N G R 7a.lOs«ilOS'.
N R of Cal ,6s. 1 131. — .
N R of Cal 55. 114 —
N FORK Ts.in.i —
N P C R R 65.105',,_106U
N C X R ~>s... 109 —
O G L & H 05.109 U3
Oak Tran «s. .11iy.113
Onk WCo 55.; — —
Oceanic SS C0.104H105
Om C Ry 65.. — 12SH
P & Cl Ry 65.. 104 104V4
Pk &O Ry «s. — —
Powell-st R 6s. — 121
Sac El G&Ras — 100
B F & SJV 55. 118 117
S Ry of Cal 6s. — 109
S Pof A 63....110W —
S P C 6sU3os).lo*>ilieU
S P C 65i1906).11l —
SP C 6s(191!). — —
SPCIs eg ss. — —
8 P Br 6s 124H —
S V Wat 6s 115 —
8 V Wat 45.... 104 —
S V W 4s(3dm)lo2tt —
Stktn Gas 65.. — 108
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 73*4 74
Marin CoMnty. 50 —
Spring Valley. 93% 94
Gas & Electric-
Cent Gas Co.. — —
Cent L & P.... — 5
Bid. Ask.
EQUit O L Co.. S>4 —
Mutual El Co.. 134 —
O G L & H... 4t»» 43
t'ac Gas Imp.. 47V 43
Pac Light Co.. 42 43
3 F G & E.... 51«4 51%
3an Francisco. 4*4 5
Stockton Gas.. 13 —
Insurance —
Flrem'a Fund.22s —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 85 —
Bank of Ca1... 400 —
I'al S D i T.. »7% 981.
First Natnl 250 —
Lon P & A. ...183 —
Merchants' Ex — 18
Nev Nat Bk..«— —
Savings Banks—
Ger S &. L..1750 —
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 44H —
H F Say U.. 50« —
Say _. L Co. 74 78
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads-
California 113^120
G<?ary-st •>*> —
Vlarket-st Ry.. 61 —
OSJ, &. H — 50
Presidio — —
Powder Stocks-
California 160 —
E Dynamite-... 35 —
slant Con Co.. H\ 95%
Vigorlt IH 3
Sugar Stocks—
Hana P C 0.... 7H T%
Haw C&SCo 83 89
Honokaa S Co. 30 SUVi
Hutch S P Co. 26H —
Kilauea S Co.. — —
Makawell SCo 43 —
}nomwi S Co.. 26% 26 r .
Paauhau S Co. 27 27V_
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn. 119 110
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
S Co.. 93H Wft
Pac A F A.... I** 2£
Pac C Bor C0.,14J —
Par Paint Co.. »H —
Morning Session-
Board —
10 California Pafe Deposit 9S CO
20 Contra Costa Water 74 00
25 Contra Costa Water, 8 SO i 3 75
10 Contra Costa Water 73 75
205 Equitable Gas 4 0«
10 Giant Powder Son 94 B<4
150 Giant Powder Con 94 73
50 Giant Powder Con s SO 94 73
50 Hana Plantation Co 7 25
17n H'mokaa P Co 30 00
45 Mark^t-st Railway 61 00
6f» Oceanic S S Co, s 90 98 00
in Oceanic S S Co 96 00
5 Ocearrlc S 8 Co 3« JS'..
15 Paauhau S P Co 27 12 l .
13 Paauhau S P Co 27 00
105 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 12H
200 S F Gaslight, s 30 4 75
10 S V Water 14 00
Street—
$5000 Lob Angeles Ry 6 per cent b0nd5.. ..105 00
JlOOO Nor Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds U* 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 119 73
100 Equitable Oas 4 50
20 Giant Powder 93 00
10 Giant Powder 95 12«._
100 Hana Plantation 7 12H
l<v> Honokaa 8 Co. s 90 » 75
BO 8 F Gas &. Electric 51 25
50 S F Gas & Electric '... si 50
$3000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 104 75
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Anaconda -. .- 100
300 Century 1U
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— ....
50 Burlington I Off
325 Burlington 100
100 Caribou, s 80 80
ED Home Oil 3 95
154 National 7 00
125 San Luis & 12ft
MININQ STOCKS
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher ..;....-¦ 101 100 Crown Point... U
700 Best & Belcher. 23 1 200 Potost 1 36
200 Bullion 06 200 Sierra Nevada. 47
300 Chollar 27 100 Union Con 30
ICO Chollar 28 500 Utah 04
50 Con Cal & Va..l 50
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock, Exchange yesterday:
Morning Sesmlon
600 Belcher ....:..". W
200 Best A Belcher 22
200 Bullion 03
600 Challenge Con.. 81
200 Challenge Con.. 22
SOO Chollar 27
200 Con Cal & V.I 47>4
100 Con Cal & Va..l 60
150 Con Cal & Va..l 45
200 Crown Point... 11
340 Gould & Carry, 24
850 Carters OM Co SO
60 Mexican ' S3
400 Mexican SI
800 Ophir „ n
KO Ophir 65
300 Potosl SS
SCO Potosi $5
300 Savage is
700 Union Con go
200 Union Con 33
300 Yellow Jacket.. 23
January 14.. 410 1740 M 0 14
January 15.. 250 ladO 24 9 H
January 18.. 220 1530 It 0 {4
January 17.. SCO 1300 24 0 It
January 13.. (60 1390 24 0 24
January 19.. <80 IS9O 14 0 M
January to.. (70 1440 U 0 14
Discharge of California Rivers.
The following record of tha estimated, dally
discharge o£ certain California Rivera is fur
nished by J.*B. Llpplncott. hydrograpntr of ti»
United States Geological Survey. On* second
foot e»Tua!s SO miners' Inches:
TCOLUMN'E RIVER AT LAOBANOB.
ISecond Ft [ Canals— l9oo.
DATB. ! 1 J
183» I 1900 Mining. Turlodc Totl
TO SAIL.
Charters.
Th» Muriel lo*<!s lumber at Port Tslakeley
for Sh&nrhai, 60s; Mllos. flour at Portland for
Vladivostock: Ancerona, wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, 3&s 9d — option of Cape Town or I>ela
*roa Bay. 41s Sd; County of Merioneth, wheat
uK Portland for Curoixs 4 /| s.
Bank Clearings.
LocaJ btr.k clearir.es last week were J15,
847.C51. erainst J13.401.K3 for the- same meek
In ISS».
New York Dried Fruit Market.
Th« Ne-w York Commercial says:
"The f&ct ths.t buying orders are sciaJl but
numerous is taken to indicate that diF.trlbu
tors are lightly stocked and must buy heavily
later to satisfy the requirements of consump
tion. With this in view shaded price* are un
usual and buyrs find difficulty in filling or
ders at k- >•;..:._ but full prices.
"The prune situation is unchanged, but the
firm feeling previously mentioned continues
and holders are confident that theie will be no
shading. Tb.e crop is reported well cleaned
up on the roast ar.d buyers are not meeting
vlth their usual success in picking up large
lots. SaSe» have been reported be4ow quota
tions, but it is said that there was Pome par
ticular reason which did not apply to all, and
the.t such eales are in no way indicative of
the market.
¦ "Raisins are unchanged. There are no eup
pliee in first hands and second hands are not
urgent sellers at any figure. In California
loose muscatel trade is limited to email l->ts
required for immediate consumption or want
e-i by s**eders. There is no movement of im
r-ortsjice m any variety. Foreign goods are
(!u!l and trade limited to demands for small
lots.
•"Peaches continue quiet, mith trade confined
to tmall Quantities. Prices are held firm,
partly because of scarcity and partly because
there is promise of heavy buying in the near
luture.''
Weatlxer Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacifio Time.
PAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27, 6 p. m.
The following ars the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with these of the same date
".art season and rainfalls In la»t twenty-four
hours:
L&st This Last
Ptatlonii — 24 hours, pesson. sea* in.
feurrka COO 31.46 17.68
R-4 Bluff 0.00 lir.i 13. n
Sacramento --. 0.00 li.t.S 7.X [
Pan Francisco 0.00 14. 2% 7. €7 |
Fresno 0.00 6.22 3.M ,
Independence <!.<¦<> 2.M 1.15!
Fan Luis Obispo 0.00 12.41 5.%7 !
Lo«= Anrele-e O.<)0 4.57 2.M i
San I'iego 0.00 2.«2 3.« !
Yuma 0.00 0.66 1.33
Han Francisco data: Maximum temr-erature,
<J; minimum, 44: mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of abnormally high pressure is pars- j
ing southeastward from the British posses- j
Fi'ins into the Missouri Valley. Unusually cold j
weather prevails over the country east of the '
Rocky Mountain*. Temperatures are l'j degrees ;
b*low zero and lower are refined at many ;
Ftatinnp. The weather »•« of the Rocky i
i! f ur.ta:ns h*s continued clear, except for tuie
for in California.
Xo rain has fallen on the Pacific Flope. Con- I
ditions are fu^h that a Ftorm on the North !
l'acific rr.ay come in rupidly.
The rivfr at Sacramento is 12.7 and falling.
Hastbound travelers are warned to expect 1
very low temperatures Jrom Utah eastward.
Forecast rcmoe at San Francisco for thirty
hrwe. ending midnight, January 25. 1900:
Northern <"aii!>irnia — Cloudy Sunday, with
fog in the valleys: light northerly winds;
ihanring to southeasterly.
Southern California — Fair I?un<!ay; light
northerly wlnde; c»lo>r Punday night.
Nevada— Kair Sunday; continued cold
weather.
Utah— Fair sund»s - : much colder; tempera
ture may fall to IS decrees.
Arizona— Fair Sunday: rn'.der Pumlay nipht.
f^an rra.n<-isco a.ni vicinity— Cloudy Sunday;
ur.settled weather at night: light northerly,
• ' ?• r'-'a to southeasterly, wind!".
ALEXANDER O, McADIE.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .'. 35,000 39.000
Wheat, bushels 24.000 82.000
Corn, 'bui-hels 167,000 168.000
Oats, bushels 300.000 193.000
Rye. bushels 4.0C0 22,000
Barley, bushels 74.000 47.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 13f24c; dairies,
lS^22c. Cheese, firm; 12@18c. Eggß, steady;
fresh, 144 c.
THE STOCK MARKET.
tntted States Coast and O«odet!o Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hiarh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide la the same at both place*.
SUNDAY. JANUARY 23
NOTE — In the above exposition of th* tides
the early morning tides are given in tn* left
hand column and the successive tldea of th*
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tlda of
the day. the third time column the third tids
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when ther» ar« but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The b.«tsht9
gtven are in addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the heisat.
and then the number riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane ot
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— May wheat opened H@
*4c under yesterday's closing price at 68^;@
6S%c, and in a moment touched 68Uc, because
Liverpool's advance of %@4d was regarded as
a poor response to a gain of 14c here yester
day. Paris cables were strong; weather
conditions unfavorable and a Buenos
Ayres wire announced • that that port
as well as Rosario had been temporarily
closed on account of the plague. This array
of news influenced a reaction. May ascending
to 68% c. The feeling was somewhat nervous
over the South African situation. Later a New
York report that the Argentine Consul there
had cleared a vessel for Kosario was taken as
a refutation of the previous report of the clos
ing of Argentine ports, and the market reacted
from the top. May slumping to CSVic A re
action to 6SHc ensued on covering. The close
was easy. May a Bhade under yesterday's
final figures at 6S%S6B'^o- Tne remainder of the
session was' fairly active, although the open-
Ing and the close was rather quiet.
The corn trade was quiet and the feeling
easy. May closed 4@Vic under yesterday at
The cold weather and sympathy with corn
had a depressing effect on the oats market.
May clOßed easy, 4Sfco lower at 23'4@23?ic
The death of Phil Armour Jr. possibly had a
slightly depressing effect on the provisions
market The trade was dull all day, this
counting against the price. May pork closed
5c under yesterday. May lard 24<J lower and
May ribs 24c down. •
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
iSSg *%.„£: 66H 66H 68 68
May 7?. 65% 68 v. 68*4 654
July 69tt 69%. 694 «9*
Corn No. 2— '
January ............ .... .... .... 81
May . . 334 834 32% 33
July! 533. 83% 334 33H
Oats No, I—
y .:::::"::::: »h »h &% g.
Mess Pork, per barrel— ¦
January ..•••••••¦• l( j— .£•£: -j-^ w g()
July '.'.'.'. 10 85 10 874 10 85 10 85
Lard, ocr 100 pounds—
January .... .... 6 874
May."' «<X> 6 02 * 8»™ 6°°
July 610 6 124 6 074 610
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
January •••• •••• ¦ 6 754
May - SSO 6 824 5 774 6SO
July ¦.¦.'.', 585 5 874 585 585
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady Winter— Patents. $3 40@3 60; straights,
J3fi3 35; clears, $2 90-53 10. Spring— Specials,
$3 Xo<33 00; patents. $3 20ft 3 50; straights, $2 60@
3- bakers $2 10^2 40. No. 3 spring wheat, 64@
65c; No. 2' red. G&K'SWt.c: No. 2 corn. 3iy.®3l4c:
No. 2 oats, 23®23>/fcc; No. 2 white, 254 c; No. 3
white. 25® 254c; No. 2 rye. 50<S53c; No. 2 bar
ley 38542r; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 63; prime- timothy
see<l $2 50t?2 55: mess pork, per barrel. $10 55;
lard per 100 pounds, $5 75@8 924; short riba
sides (loose). S3 65(55 93; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), E'i><_r3%c: short clear sides (boxed),
$¦> Wat' whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $1 234. Sugars — Cut loaf, 6c; granulated,
6.44 c.
«ooAsl 20 each) Horse Hides, $3 Eos 3 for large
and $1 2552 for smallj Colts. ISigSOc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5&540 per lb; Na.
j, 4@44c; refined, «4e; grease, 24©3 c
Fall clip. San Joaqnln plains. 9©loc: South
ern 8®l0c; Middle County, 11313 c; Hntnboldt
and Mendocino, 17©!0c; Eastern Oregon, l3©lBc-
Valley Oregon. 18© We; Northern Mountain'
free, ll©14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10©
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7@llo per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The only change Is a further decline In Beef,
which is la good supply. Large Veal is also
more abundant. Otherwise there is nothing
new.
BEEF— m<S^\o P« K> tot fair to choice.
VEAL— B@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B®B4c; «wes. 74®80 per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 15c; yearlings. B®9o per Ibw
PORK— Live Hogs. C.c for small. 84®3%c for
medium and S@s4c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 535Vic; dressed Hoga. 7©SHc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 S3; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 7©7Vic; Wool Bags, 28©30 c.
COAL— Wellington. IS per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seattle.
$7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $8;
Co-operative Wallsend. $3: Scotch. ;
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 50 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eggs. $13; Cannei, $11
p.,r ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5Sc; Pow
dered. b%; Candy Granulated. S\i; Dry Gran
ulated. 54c; Confectioners' A, &4c; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%; Golden C. 440: barrels,
l-16c more; half- barrels, %o more; boxes. I^o
more: 60- lb bags. He more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domino a, half -barrels, s!ic; boxes, 6S,c per It).
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, JANUARY 27.
Flour, qr sks 17.230
Wheat, ctls 14,870
Barley, ctls 6,060
Oata, ctls 320
Rye, ctls ISO
Butter, ctls 251
Cheese, ctls 60
Tallow, ctls 42
Beans, sks tnj
Bran, sks ?.. (SO
Onions, sks 1W
Potatoes, eks 1.356
Middlings, sks .. 240
Sugar, sks 400
Sugar, bbls 403
Straw, tons 4
Hay, tons CO7
Wool, bags 7
Hops, bales 46
Quicksilver, flsks 53
Leather, rolls ... «4
Wine, gals X.400
Eggs, doz ........ 7,580
HUles. No T3
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 2.0200at5. ctls 180
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska 4,670 : Potatoes, sks .... 523
Wheat, ctls 500!
Securities active.
Silver continues to advance.
Bank clearings still lead iSpp.
Xo variation in Exchange.
lllu-at market slowly rising. Barley dull.
Other cereals neglected at previous prices.
Hay weak and plentiful. Bran firm.
All conditions favor a high Bean market.
Potatoes in heavy supply and weak. Onions unchanged.
Green Peas arrived from Alameda County.
Butter still unsettled. Cheese and Eggs weak.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry at hand. Game steady.
Oranges, Lemons and Apples plentiful and quiet.
Nothing doing in Dried Fruit.
Provisions firm and unchanged.
Hides and Leather weaker in the East. No change here.
Wool Hrrn, with light stocks. Hops steady.
Beef weaker. Large Veal in better supply.
Chicago Grain Market.
Time Ball.
Branch HyfirograDljlo Offie*. tT. 8. If., IS**
chants' ExchaJige. San Francisco* C.J..
January 27 1900.
Tbe time bail on the tower qt th» n«ir J"«rry
building wu dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or ftt I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. <JUXJCIN3.
LUatenant Commander. U. S. N-, in charga.
Pressed Steel Car 5«
Pressed Steel Car prefd 87
110 Pullman Palace Car .187*4
• ••-. . Standard Rope & Twine .8
11,860 Sugar 115«4
Sugar prefd 112'
»00 Tennessee Coal & Iron 824
2.700 United States Leather 16
....... United State* Leather prefd 754
260 United States Rubber 374
United States Rubber prefd 1004
Western Union 86' A
800 Republic Iron & Steel 204
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 66
C C C & 6t Louis 76#
82,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s res: 1024 Eo Pac 4s 80%
Do Ss reg 109% Do 4s P0
Do 3s coup 1104 N J C gen 6s 122« i
Do new 4s rec.l32?; N Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s coup.. 133?* Do 4s 106
Do old 4b reg 114*4 N Pacific lsts 110
Do old 4s coup.. .1144 Do Ss 66*4
I>o Es reg 112 Do 4s , 104
Do 5s coup 113V4 NY C & St L 45.. 1034
D!st of Col 3.655. ..119 N & W con 4s 93? B
Atchlson gen 45.. .100% Do gen 6s 129
Do.adJ 4s BH. Or Nay lsts 110
Canada So 2ds 109 Do 4s 101%
Ches & Ohio 445.. 97U Or Short Line 6a.. 123%
Do 5s 116'r| Do con 6s 112V4
Chi & N con 75....142 ii Reading gen 45.... 84U
Do S F deb 5_...1<1S !r G W lsts 95\i
Chicago T 45....... 93 | st L& 1 M con 55. 1113.
D & R G 15t5.r....102-VPt L & S F gen 6s. 119
Do 4s 99 ,St Paul cons 1674
E T V & G 15t5. ..101 St P C & P lats...H9
Erie gen 4s 6841 Do Es 119%
F W & D C lsts... 73 |So Railway 5s 107 a ,i
Gen Electric 55.. ..119 Stand R & T 6a... 84
GH&S A 6s 109 Term new set 35.... 95
Do 2ds ICS Tex & Pacific 15t5.112%
H & T C 6s 110H Tex & Pacific 2ds. 64
Do con 6s 110 U Pacific 4s 104%
lowa Central lsts.ll4 iWabash lsts 1154
KCP & G lsts... 654 Do 2ds 1014
La new con 4s 106'_ West Shore 4s 113
L & N unl 4s 99*4 Wls Central lsts... 904
M X & T 2ds 684 Va Centuries 85%
Colo So 4s. 85 T _ Do deferred 6
NYC lets 109
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22, Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 62
Con Cal & Va 1 35iPlymouth 08
Deadwood .151 Quicksilver 1 73
Gould & Curry 201 Vo prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. 30. Sierra Nevada 43
Homestake 50 OO'Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 55.Un10n Con 25
Mexican 27 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
Money— Do prefd 110
Call loans 4@s4iWestlnghse Elec... 41%
Time loans 4^5 Wisconsin Oen 18
Stocks — Dominion Coal 41
Atch T & St F»... 19 Do prefd Ho
Do prefd 60 Bonds —
American Sugar.. .lls*4 Atchlson 4s 9»
Do prefd 114 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone. 33."> Adventure 5
Boston & Albany. .24o Allouez Mm Co — 3
Boston Elevated... ?6'i Atlantic 24
Boston & MaJne...li>6 Boston & Mont 265
Chi B& Q ....121 Butte & Boston... 48
Fitchburg prefd.. .l23 Calumet & Hec1a..740
Gen Electric prefd. 135 'Centennial 154
Federal Steel iO-\ Franilin 14
Do prefd 724 Osceßla 6S
Mexican Central... 114' Parrot 404
Mich Telephone.... loO IQulncy 140
Old Colony 203 JSt Fe Copper 6!i
Old Dominion 17% j Tamarack 177
Rubber 37 l s Wlnona 4
Union Paciflo 48 Wolverines 40
TTnlon Land 3 Utah 25
West End 82H !
Canfldaac* ..... 71 —
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 45
Con Imperial r » — 01
Con New York. — 84
Crown Point... U 13
Exchequer .... — 02
GoulJ & Curry 23 25
Hale & Nor.-... 23 40
Julia i — 02
S«* Belcher.... 0J a
Sierra Nevada. 44 45
Silver Hi 11...... — «S
St Lotiis — 07
Standard t4O —
Syndicate C 3 M
Union Con ..... IS 30
Utah 05 C 6
fellow Jackst.. n 23
Continued on Pass Thirty
The local market weu higher, both spot and
future quotations advancing.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, »<81 0114; milling,
11 02>_@l 05. • •
' ' CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session — 9:18 o'clock — May — M.OOO
ctls, $1024. December-10,000. $1 M 4.
Second Session— May— 2000 etls, $10*H; 4000,
$1 024. December— l2,ooo, $1 06S.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo Ctls,
$102%; 26.000. $102i_. December-4000. $1 0€H;
8000. |l 06%.
BARLEY— The market continues motionless
and unchanged.
Feed, 75<g774e for No. 1 and 65{?7240 for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@87V.c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES..
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 72c
OATS— Apathy still prevails, and offerings sx«
neglected.
White, $1 10@l 30; Red, $1 07451 W; Gray.
$1074®1174: Black. 974c@$l 074.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 95c@$l 024
per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $l@105; mixed,
974c@$l. .. ..
RYE— sl@l 06 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Mills tuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6frJJJ 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington $2 75(83 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to- the trade: Graham Flour.
S3 25 per 100 lbs;- Rye Flour, $2 76: Rye Meal,
$2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, ?3 25@3 60; Buckwheat
Flour, J4Q4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $6@7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Bar
ley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100
lbs. ______
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay continues weak' and Bran firm. Other
wise the markets are featureless.
BRAN— JH@IS per ten.
MIDDLINGS— SI7©2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $14@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, 526527; Jobbing.
$27 Eo®2B; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal.
23©23 50; Cracked Corn, $23 60@24; Mixed Feed,
JlO 60- Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 60®8 50 for common to good
and $9®9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat, S7_|/!(;
Oat $6 50@8; Barley, $596 50; Alfalfa, $s@B per
ton; compressed, $7@l(f per ton.
STRAW— 2S®SOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
According to the reports of dealers, seldom
has the Bean market been in such good shape as
at present.. The crop in Europe is so light that
exports to the United States are out of the
question. In addition the crops throughout the
East are slender, and the Eastern and Southern
States are obliged to look to California for sup
plies. In this State, to make matters worse (or
better), the stock Is said to be smaller than for
five years. Under these circumstances the
market is very firm and steadily, though slowly,
tending upward. The only advance yesterday
was In large White.
BEANS— Bayoa. $3 25<S>3 50; small White. $3
#3 20; large White. $2 95^3 05; Pinks, $2 40'tf
2 *.'>; Reds. $3 50; Blackeye, $4 25@4 60; Butters,
nominal; Lima, J5 15@5 25; Pea, $3ig3 25; Red
Kidneys, $3 5Ci24.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3@3%c; Yellow Mus
tard. 4fi>44c; Flax, $1 90^2 20; Canary. 34c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, '&
8c; Rape. 2463 c; Hemp, 4®44c; Timothy, 4@
44c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 50@l 90; Green, $1 75
@2 «"0 ptr ctl. . '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are in heavy supply, dull and weak.
Onions and Vegetables are unchanged. The
first Alameda Peas of the season came in from
Decoto, which is very early.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 90c®$l; River Reds,
€o@7oc; Burbanks, 60@80c per sack; Oregon Bur
banks, 75C(i$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $1 50^1 65 for
Merced; New Potatoes, Volunteer, KgSc.
ONIONS— SI 25!6fl 76 ocr ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2#4c per lb;
String Beans, 7<SBc; Cabbage, 40@50c; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $l(gl 50: Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 124 c; Dried Okra, 124 c per lb; Gar
lic, 6@7c: Green Peppers from Los Angeles. 4®
5c for Chile and 8c for Bell; Dried Peppers, S®
10c: Carrots. 30^40c per sack: Los AngelM Sum
mer Squash, 73c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$25 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern will be put on to-day and
another to-^norrow.
Game is steady at the good prices. Dressed
Turkeys sold higher, though some carrled
over stock sold down to 10c.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll@l2»_c for Gob
blers and ll@l2c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
12^17c; Geese, per pair. $1 753f2; Goslings. $173
Crr 2 : Ducks. $4'f/n for old and HitJ for jTOUfUC
Hens, S3 50<85; Young Roosters. $4 s*ygs 50; Old
Roosters, $4&4 50; Fryers, $4 60; Broilers, $4
tl\ fiO for laixe and JJiU3 s<l for small; l J iK«?on-.
$1 25 per dozen for old and $2 50<ft3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 50; Mallard. $4-55; Canvas
back. $2 50$i4 60; Sprig, $3@3 60; Teal. $175© 2;
Widgeon. $2@2 25; Small Duck, $1 50: Doves.
75c per dozen: Hare, $1 50*31 75; Rabbits, $1 75^>
2; Gray Geese, *3 50*84: White. SI 50<5?2; Brant,
$1 7MSW 50; Honkers. $4 501*5: English Snipe.
$2 50@3 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The unsettled condition of the Butter mar
ket continues to cause confuelon. Some deal
ers quote up to 28V_c, but the quotations below
reflect the bulk of the sales. Dairy Butter is
higher and in eager demand.
Eggs are dull and weak, with accumulating
supplies. Cheese continues easy.
butter—
Creamery — Fancy Creamer}', 25027 c, with
sales higher; seconds, 25c.
Dairy— Fancy, 24c; good to choice, 20@224c;
common, 13til7 l ,_c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old. 104 c;
Young America. ll®114c; Eastern, 154©16 c;
Western. 134®15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17®18c for store and 19@21c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold storage,
15<gl"c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Thr»«» or four cars of Oranges will be offer
ed at to-morrow's auction. All kinds of citrus
fruits continue plentiful and dull, and Apples
are still in excessive supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s4f 65c per box for common, 75c® $1
for enod. $1 2S«I 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4@7
per bbl.
CITKUS FRUITS— NaveI Oran.w. $1 50CT2 25
per box: Seedlings, 50c®l 25; Japanese Man
darins, $1 25; Pomelos. $I@2 50; Lemons, $1@
1 50 for common and $2'?J2 50 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes, Ssj?s 50; California Limes. 25@
35c: Bananas, $1 751(3 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3 6CKT4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market Is motionless at unchanged
quotations.' '
DRIED FRUlTS— rrunes. in sacks, 4V.C for
40-50's. 4®lUc for 60-60's, 3ttc for 60-70"s. 3%c
for 70-80' s. 3c for 80-90*8 and 2^o for go-loo's.
Apricots. ll@l3c for Royals, 12V4@16c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 54®
6c for standards, 6V«@6%c for choice and 7@Se
for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10@124c; Evapo
rated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried. 5@5%c per lb;
Nectarines. B@9c; Pears, 3',_ti4V_e for dark and
708 c for bright halves; Black Figs. 2@2»_c:
White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached Plums, B®9c: Un
bleached Plums, 7@7»_c for pitted and I^4c for
unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached ThomDson's. per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B',_c; choice, 7Hc; standard, 64c;
prime, sc; unbleached Bultanas. sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatel*,' s'/ic;
S-crown, &Ac; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, SI 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 60; Imperial. S3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS — Chestnuts, 8@10c; Walnuts. B@9c for
6tandards and 9@loc for softshell; Almonds,
ll«®12c for ¦ paper-shell, S&lOc for soft and 4JJ
6c "for hardshell; Peanuts, E^SfSSic for Kastern
and 6c for California; Braeil Nuts, 74©8 c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, U@l3c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
©5. ¦ • • ••- •
HONEY— Comb. ll»_<812c for bright and 104®
lie for light amber; water white extracted. l\c;
light amber extracted, 7Vi@7%c; dark, 54tftio
per lb. ' » "
BEESWAX— 24@26o rer lb.
Provisions... '.
Firmness continues to characterize the mar
ket, though there is no further advance. ,
CURED MEATS— Bacon. J%c per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium, 110 for light. 12a
for extra light and 134e for sugar-cured : East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13@13%e; California
Hams, nominal; Megs Beef, *12 per bbl; eXIrMe XlrM
Mess |13; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 50>
extra clear. $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
P "aRD— Tierces quoted at. «%®7o per lb f»r
compound and 8c for pure; half- barrels, pure.
Hie 1 10-lb tins. 8«ie; B-lb tins, 9c.
¦ COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7?i©BHc p«r it>; IMb
tins, »V4c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS
SATURDAY. Jan. 27— I J m.
Bld.Aek.f ?ld.Ask.
Alpha — M
Alta 02 04
Andes 07 08
Belcher 09 10
Best & Belcher 13 23
Bullion 06 OH
Caledonia 45 49
Chollir ........ 28 27
Challenge Con. 20 22,
Justice ...._-... — 03
Lady Wash 02 —
Mexican SO 31
Occidental 13 jo
Ophlr .;..;...._, to «;
Overman ....... 03 c«
Potosl „ ss st
Savag 18 n
Scorpion ....... 02 —
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — g^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 ggg
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York .Exchange, sight — jg
New York Exchange, telegraphic — • 1754
Fine Silver, per ounce — , .j^
Mexican Dollars 48 48j_
Wheat and Other Grains
Shipping Intelligence.
New York Grain and Produce.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Jan. 27.— The arrivals of woo! for
the second series of auction salee numbered 78,
089 bales, including 30.000 forwarded direct.
Portland's Business.
_____
PORTLAND. Jan. 17.— Clearings. $125,118;
balances. $17,573. ° '
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 27. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 62c; valley, 61c; blue stem, 53@54c.
Cleared— German ship Neurus. for Queens
town, with 102.907 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Jan. 27.— WHEAT— Club, 61o; blue
stem, 63c. .
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
•m. 17c low off: Western ungraded at mart,
13@18c.
DRIED FRUITS
' NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— The market for Evap
orated Apples exhibited a weak undertone to
day. Prices eased oft materially on unfavorable
news from country towns and prospects of large
receipts for next week. Buyers were scarce.
California Dried Fruits were in moderate de T
mand, being stimulated by the cold -weather,
but rriees remained unchanged.
STATK EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6
<S«%c; prime, 6=i@7c; choice, 7V_©Sc; fancy, 8@
California dried pri7nes-3%@rc.
APRICOTS— Royal, 131?15c; Moorpark, lo'fflSc
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20@23c; unpeeled, 7HSIOC.
PARJB.
WOOL-
31
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
'....*..5: 01 a.'
.7:1.'
. m
O Time Time
£. Ft.
.• L W H W
ITlmel
Ft. 1
Time
Ft
H W
rt.
18 ... 2:26 3.21 8:30
» ... 8:30 3.0| 9:28
JO ... 4:22 2.7' 10:21
HW L W
II ... 0:09 5.2 5:13
1 ... 0:45 5.3 «:O4
S ... 1:20 5. a! 6:571
3 ... 1:58' 5.6! 7:54!
5-S'l 3:4 i -
«.0> 4,24'-
(.0 5:061
H W
t.t U:l«
1.3 12:10
i I.*! l:*^i
I LSI 2:09|
— a.« loss
-0.7f 11:33
».7|
iL. W
«.» *:4»-
5.7 S.ii
3.4! 7:081
4.9! 7 : ji|
4.1
S.C
— ».
O.>
(».:
1.!
Steamer. I From. 1 Due.
. ¦
__ i . - i . i i.
Curacao |M«xlco [Jan. 3$
San P«<!ro iSan Pedro Uan. 2S
Homer Portland Jan. 23
A. Blanchard...lCoo» Bay Jan. »
Volumnia Hamburg Jan. ti
Bonlta Newport Jaa. is
TiHamook Tillamook Jan. 23
Samoa Uumboldt Jaa, it
Nippon Maru. .. (China and Japan Jaa. ti
Australia Honolulu Jan. 3d
State or Ca1.... Portland Jan. 10
Albion Crescent City Jan. 10
Bristol (Oyster Harbor Jan. V%
Willamette ISeattl* Jan. »
Mackinaw (Seattle Jan. S»
San Bias [Panama {Jan. 10
£anta Rosa. ;San EHetro (Jaa. 31
Pouth Portland Oyster Harbor (Jan. 31
Empire |Coos Bay [Jan. II
Point Arena (Point Arena Feb. i
Walla Walla... Victoria ft Puget Sound . Feb. I
"Wellington [Oyster Harbor IF»b. 1
Orizaba ...IHnmboldt Feb. 1
Lady Joicey j China and Japan F6b. 1
Coos Bay I Newport Feb. 2
Arcata |Coo« Bay |F»b. t
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 1
Xewburg Grays Harbor Feb. >
Columbia (Portland Feb. 4
Corona San Dtego Feb. 4
North Fork 'Humboldt Feb. 4
Steamer. Destination. !
sails. Pier.
Columbia ..'Portland Jan.
San Pedro. . (Humholdt Jan.
Axcata Cooa Hay Jan.
Corona |San Dleco Jan.
Orizaba Humboldt Jan.
Colon Panama Jan.
Jo'jullle Rv Gray i Harbor! Jan.
North Pork: Humboldt Jan.
Centennial IKahulul Jan.
K. Blanch'djCoos Bay Jan.
Bontta San Pedro Jan.
Queen Vie h. Pgt Sd. Jan.
Doric ChlnaA Japan Feb.
Pomona jSan Diego W«b.
State of CaliPortlanJ Feb.
Samoa JluniboU'.: Feb.
Pt. Arena... [Point Arena.. Feb.
Coos Bay... Newport iFeU
Willlb. W«JI Vie & f'trt Sd 'ir«.K
13. 10 am Pier N
. I*. 4pm Pier 15
. 23. 13 m'Pier 13
:». U am Pier U
Z>. 2 pm;Pl«r »
29. 12 roiPMSS
, Zj. 5 pmlPier 23
so, 9 amiPiT 2
. ». IS mSW 1
. 30. 5 pm,Pler 13
. 31. 9 am; Pier 11
. 31. 10 am Pier »
. 1. Ipm'PMSS
. 2. 11 am; Pier U
. 2. II am I'ter 2t
. 3. 10 am, Pier 13
. 3. 2pm Pier t
. 4. 9 amjPler U
. K. 10 «m Pier 9
KINOS RIVER AT RBT> MOt^»TAEf.
I Bwood »««.
DATS. 1 . .
} 1899. 1300.
January 14 ¦ ¦¦¦¦ 973 1100
January 1? —._...... B3> 1100
January U....~ —¦...—¦ E73 UOO
January 17 ~.,... 879 10M
January 13...- M .U. ? STJ UM
January 19...... 6?S ion
January 10 ~ HO 10M
DATS.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKIM.I.EX
I Bnoosd
n»TE. ' •'
1839. 1900).
January 14...... — ..¦ I*s 1150
January 1*....- -—-_ IT» JJW
January M .mi ¦¦. ¦¦» |« M«4
January 1? Mo 13**
January 18 —. «T9 IMO
January 19 4J5 UOO
January ;o *& V&
SAN* JOAQVIN RIVER AT HERXDO?*.
| Second F~rt-
DATE. — t
January 14 ??» £7»
January IS 445 1170
January 18 ~ —• • «* "12
January 17 «« Jl™
January 13 f*» JJ;2
January 13 »« £7<>
January 20 540 11W
BACRAMENTO RIVEK AT JELX.TB FERRT.
i Second Feet
DATES. I — I ¦ —
I 1339. t 1300.
___ f f ,
January 14...
January 15...
January 15...
January 17...
January 18...
January 19...
January 20...
20420
42800
41S0O
21)817
2SSOO
IS7BO
14150
taut
wtoo
19T*>
136*)
IS34D
18400
KINOS RIVER AT RBT> MOt^»TAEf.
I Bwood »««.
DATS. 1 . .
} 1899. 1300.
January 14 ¦ ¦¦¦¦ 973 1100
January 1? —._...... B3> 1100
January U....~ —¦...—¦ E73 UOO
January 17 ~.,... 879 10M
January 13...- M .U. ? STJ UM
January 19...... 6?S ion
January 10 ~ HO 10M
DATS.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKIM.I.EX
I Bnoosd
n»TE. ' •'
1839. 1900).
January 14...... — ..¦ I*s 1150
January 1*....- -—-_ IT» JJW
January M .mi ¦¦. ¦¦» |« M«4
January 1? Mo 13**
January 18 —. «T9 IMO
January 19 4J5 UOO
January ;o *& V&
SAN* JOAQVIN RIVER AT HERXDO?*.
| Second F~rt-
DATE. — t
January 14 ??» £7»
January IS 445 1170
January 18 ~ —• • «* "12
January 17 «« Jl™
January 13 f*» JJ;2
January 13 »« £7<>
January 20 540 11W
BACRAMENTO RIVEK AT JELX.TB FERRT.
i Second Feet
DATES. I — I ¦ —
I 1339. t 1300.
___ f f ,
January 14...
January 15...
January 15...
January 17...
January 18...
January 19...
January 20...
20420
42800
41S0O
21)817
2SSOO
IS7BO
14150
taut
wtoo
19T*>
136*)
IS34D
18400
Steamer. Destination. !
sails. Pier.
Columbia ..'Portland Jan.
San Pedro. . (Humholdt Jan.
Axcata Cooa Hay Jan.
Corona |San Dleco Jan.
Orizaba Humboldt Jan.
Colon Panama Jan.
Jo'jullle Rv Gray i Harbor! Jan.
North Pork: Humboldt Jan.
Centennial IKahulul Jan.
K. Blanch'djCoos Bay Jan.
Bontta San Pedro Jan.
Queen Vie h. Pgt Sd. Jan.
Doric ChlnaA Japan Feb.
Pomona jSan Diego W«b.
State of CaliPortlanJ Feb.
Samoa JluniboU'.: Feb.
Pt. Arena... [Point Arena.. Feb.
Coos Bay... Newport iFeU
Willlb. W«JI Vie & f'trt Sd 'ir«.K
13. 10 am Pier N
. I*. 4pm Pier 15
. 23. 13 m'Pier 13
:». U am Pier U
Z>. 2 pm;Pl«r »
29. 12 roiPMSS
, Zj. 5 pmlPier 23
so, 9 amiPiT 2
. ». IS mSW 1
. 30. 5 pm,Pler 13
. 31. 9 am; Pier 11
. 31. 10 am Pier »
. 1. Ipm'PMSS
. 2. 11 am; Pier U
. 2. II am I'ter 2t
. 3. 10 am, Pier 13
. 3. 2pm Pier t
. 4. 9 amjPler U
. K. 10 «m Pier 9
Steamer. I From. 1 Due.
. ¦
__ i . - i . i i.
Curacao |M«xlco [Jan. 3$
San P«<!ro iSan Pedro Uan. 2S
Homer Portland Jan. 23
A. Blanchard...lCoo» Bay Jan. »
Volumnia Hamburg Jan. ti
Bonlta Newport Jaa. is
TiHamook Tillamook Jan. 23
Samoa Uumboldt Jaa, it
Nippon Maru. .. (China and Japan Jaa. ti
Australia Honolulu Jan. 3d
State or Ca1.... Portland Jan. 10
Albion Crescent City Jan. 10
Bristol (Oyster Harbor Jan. V%
Willamette ISeattl* Jan. »
Mackinaw (Seattle Jan. S»
San Bias [Panama {Jan. 10
£anta Rosa. ;San EHetro (Jaa. 31
Pouth Portland Oyster Harbor (Jan. 31
Empire |Coos Bay [Jan. II
Point Arena (Point Arena Feb. i
Walla Walla... Victoria ft Puget Sound . Feb. I
"Wellington [Oyster Harbor IF»b. 1
Orizaba ...IHnmboldt Feb. 1
Lady Joicey j China and Japan F6b. 1
Coos Bay I Newport Feb. 2
Arcata |Coo« Bay |F»b. t
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 1
Xewburg Grays Harbor Feb. >
Columbia (Portland Feb. 4
Corona San Dtego Feb. 4
North Fork 'Humboldt Feb. 4
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises
'....*..5: 01 a.'
.7:1.'
. m
O Time Time
£. Ft.
.• L W H W
ITlmel
Ft. 1
Time
Ft
H W
rt.
18 ... 2:26 3.21 8:30
» ... 8:30 3.0| 9:28
JO ... 4:22 2.7' 10:21
HW L W
II ... 0:09 5.2 5:13
1 ... 0:45 5.3 «:O4
S ... 1:20 5. a! 6:571
3 ... 1:58' 5.6! 7:54!
5-S'l 3:4 i -
«.0> 4,24'-
(.0 5:061
H W
t.t U:l«
1.3 12:10
i I.*! l:*^i
I LSI 2:09|
— a.« loss
-0.7f 11:33
».7|
iL. W
«.» *:4»-
5.7 S.ii
3.4! 7:081
4.9! 7 : ji|
4.1
S.C
— ».
O.>
(».:
1.!NATIONAL PURE FOODS LAW.
Western Manufacturers Stand for the
Senate Bill.
Dr. "William H. Frear, chairman of the
executive committee of the National Pure
Food Congress, in a recent letter to the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion states that Hon. M. Broslus of Penn
sylvania has Introduced in the House of
Representatives a pure food bill, which
will be recommended, so he has been in
formally advised, by the Senate Commit
tee on Manufactures, which during the
past summer conducted investigations
throughout the East relative to the adul
teration of food products. The resolution
has provoked no little comment in va
rious parts of the United States and some
opposition by those who have found It
profitable to adulterate food products for
the export and domestic trades. Indus
trial bodies and manufacturers of legiti
mate goods, however, have declared in
favor of the bill, ana none have come
more earnestly to the front than the peo
ple of this State, especially as the meas
ure effects the wine, olive oil, fruit and
other product interests of the State.
The bill Is very broad and fax reaching,
being "for preventing the adulteration,
misbranding and imitation of foods, bev
erages, etc." in the United States and
Territories. At a meeting of the direc
tors of the Manufacturers' and Produc
ers' Association a resolution was adopted
"that the California delegation in Con
gress be respectfully urged to give their
support to the Brosius bill, which we un
derstand .will be advocated by the Sen
ate Committee on Manufactures as a re
sult of its recent Investigations of th«>
subject of food adulterations, and that
copies of this resolution be forwarded to
the State delegation in Congress."
> Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Steiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
> First Baptist. Auditorium, T. M. C. A.—
> Mason and Ellis streetE — Rev. K. A.
• Woods.
> Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
> Twenty-third — Rev. J. George Gibson.
. St. Mary's. California and Dupont streets —
> Paullst Fathers.
. St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prender
. Bast. V. G. ,
• St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
• street— Jesuit Fathers.
• Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
• First Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason streets— Rev. George C.
Adams.
, Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
> streets— Rev. H. T. Sheoard.
- Richmond Congregational, southwest cor
> ncr of Seventh avenue and Clement street
> —Rev. Philip Coombe.
> St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
> street— Rev. D. C. Garrett.
> Trinity, Bush and Gough streets — Rev. Dr.
> Clam pelt; Rev. H. S. Hanson, assistant.
> Potrero M. E.,' Tennessee street, near So
> lano — Rev. S. N. Woodward.
> Howard M. E., between Second and Third
> streets— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
> Central M. E. . Mission (street, near Sixth—
> Rev. S. D. Hutslnpluer.
> California Street M. E., corner California
» and Broderlck streets— Rev. A. C. Bane. .
• Epworth M. E.. corner Church and Twenty
> sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
> Grace M. E., corner Twenty-flr»t and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
> Richmond U. E., corner Fourth avenue and
Clement street— Rev. R. E. Ulrica.
Morning— "New Testament Church—Resur
rection." Evening— "Tenth Command
ment—Cove tousness."
Morning— "A Lifelong Struggle." Even-
Ing— "When to Say No," with a prelude
on the "Most Important Event of tha
Nineteenth Century-"
Morning— "John the Baptist." Evening—
"To-day Shall Thou Be With Me in Para
dlse." '
Morning — Sermon by Rev. Father McDon
ald of SL Charles at 11 o'clock mass.
Evening— Sermon by one of the Fathers
after vespers.
Morning— Rev. Father C. A. Ramm will
preach the sermon at 11 o'clock mass.
Evening— Rev. J. B. Htmnlgan will
preach. • .- ', | ;
Morning— Rev. Father Bell v/ 111 preach at
10:30 macs. Evening— Rev. Father Woods
will preach after vespers. ¦..-.-
Morning— Sacrament of the Lord's Supper
and reception of memberß. Evening —
"Problems of Preaching."
Morning— "The Trinity." Evening— Sermon
by Innac Wilson of the Society of Friends.
Morning— "Master Workmen." Evening—
"Men That Cannot Be Bought."
Morning— "Memorial In the Church of the
Saints in Light." Evening— "God in Na
ture."
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening—
Same.
Morning— lnitial sermon by the rector. Af- .
ternoon— Services at 3:30 p. m.
Me rnlng— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Same.
Morning— Sermon by Dr. Wilson. Evening
— Same.
Mcrnlng— "Good people and Good Influence
In San Francisco." Evening— "The New
City;— Greater San Francisco."
Morning— "The Witness of the Spirit."
Evening— "A Problem in Profit and Loss."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
• ing— Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same. -, w. /
Morning— "The Transflguratlon of Christ."
Evening— "The Rich Man and Lazarus."
Trinity M. E.. corner Market, Sixteenth
and Noe streets— Rev. 11. Woodward.
Centenary M. E., South, Bush street, near
Gough— Rev. J. E. Moore.
First M. E., Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev. W. S. Urmy. ¦ ¦•"¦•¦.-. -1
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Stewart Memorial. Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
A. M. E. Zlon. 805 Stockton street— Rev.
T. Brown.
Howard Presbyterian. Oak and Baker
streets— Rev. J. S. Thomas.
Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
streets — Rev. John : Heraphlll.
First Presbyterian. Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street — Rev. Dr. Mackenzie.
First United Presbyterian, corner Goldeu
Gate avenue and Folk street— Rev. H. H.
Bell.
First Unitarian, southwest corner of Geary
and Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebblns,
minister emeritus; Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
minister.
.Second Unitarian. Twentieth and Capp
. streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
First English Lutheran. 1319 Geary street-
Rev. E. Nelander.
First Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
Mock. 223 Sutter street— The Bible and
Science and Health. With Key to the
Scriptures.
Evangelical Emmanuel. Twelfth and Stev
enson streets— Rev. F. W. Fischer.
First Christian, Twelfth street, near Mis
sion—Rev. F. S. Ford.
; V M. C A. Auditorium. Ellis and Mason
streets— H. J. : McCoy, secretary.
Theosophlcal Society— Odd Fellows' build
ing.
First Divine Science, Yosemlte Hall, Native
Sons' building— Rev. M. E. Cramer.
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post street— C. A. Parkin, pastor.
Mornlngr— "The Holy Spirit." Evening—
"Learn of Me."
Morning — Rev. John Hannan of Alameda
will preach. Evening — Sermon by the
po3tor; special music.
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— "The Ascension." Evening—
"The Truth About the Judgment."
Morning— "The Resurrection. & Fact Calling
for Faith." Evening — "Some Absurd
Dealing With Divine Truth."
Bfornlng— "Moses on the Mount." Even-
Ing— Rev. A. B. Smith of Oakland will
preach.
Morning— "A Very Much Violated Com
mandment." Evening — "A Midnight Ra
vi val."
Morning— Sermon by the paator. Ev«nln«—
"Who Is On the Lord's Side."
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
"All's Well That Ends Well."
Morning— "Co-operation With Christ."
Evening— "Excuses."
Morning— "Why We Go to Church." a ser
mon by Dr. Leavitt.
Morning— "The Method of Life." Evening
— No service.
Morning— "What Think Ye of Christ?"
Evening— "The Bible In the Time or
Israel."
Morning— "Spirit"; all are welcome.
Morning— "Christ Teaching the Word to the
People and His Disciple*. Evening—
"Feed My Lambs."
Morning— Ordination servlc*. Evening— •
"Christian Unity." . :; '.
Afternoon— Rev. John HemphtU. D.D.. will
deliver an address to younc men. : ¦ ¦
Evening— C E. Lockwood will talk on "An
Evolving Life; Is th? Soul Immortal?" -
Morning— "God. As Viewed by Different ¦
Religions."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- -
Ing— Same.
DISABLED VESSEL IN TOW.
Steamship Queen Wilhelmina Breaks
a Shaft at Sea.
LONDON. Jan. 27.— The Atlantic Trans
port Line steamer Marquette, from Neir
York January 16 for London, passed
Beachy Head to-day and signaled the fol
lowing message:
"Have towed Queen Wilhelmina in;
broken shaft, latitude 49, longitude 17."
The British steamer Queen Wilhelmlna
left Rotterdam on January 3 and Shields
January 9 for Baltimore.
Jetties Completed.
BneciaJ DlFpa.tch to The Call
SALINAS. Jan. 27.— The four large Jet
ties under construction by James A. Mc-
Mahon for the Spreckels Sugar Company
have been completed and accepted. Yes
terday notice of completion was filed in
the County Recorder's office by W. C.
Waters, superintendent for the SprecUels
company. The jetties in question are Bit
uated on the north bank of the Salinas
River, on the old D. J. Spence ranch and
about a half-mile from the southerly
ranch houfie. as well as near the Sprec-k^s
sugar factory. The contract was made
November 7, 1899, and the work cost about
tcooo.
Three-Story Building Collapses.
DENVER. Jan. 27.— The three-story
building at 1437 and 1439 Lawrence street,
occupied by \V. A. Hover & Co., wholesale
druggists, collapsed to-day, the three
floors above the street level, with their
contents, dropping into the basement.
The city building inspector, after a hasty
examination of the ruins, said that the
building: had been overloaded, causing the
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Says Fabry Slandered Him.
I. I>. Hoffman filed suit yesterday
against Leopold M. Fabry to recover
$10,000 damages for slander. Hoffman al
leges that Fabry called him a thief in the
presence of various persons on December
23 last, to his damage in the sum sued for.
MR. FRIEDBERG SUSPECTS.
Thinks That Julius Friedman's Body
Was Plundered by Some Person
Unknown.
J. M. Friedberg, one of the executors
of the estate of Julius Friedman, who
died at the Palace Hotel several days
« THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
Silk Velour, Damask, Denem
and Leather Covered Couches.
Bright colors, comfortable
shapes, durable springs — every-
thing for couch-comfort tor
home or office. From $14 to $40.
Couch covers In rich, Oriental
colors and designs. Persian and
Turkish art for Western comfort and
home-cheer. .
Folding Beds that handle easy
and economize in room. Com-
binations with writing desk and
book case or wardrobe. Mahogany,
maple and oak. Ptete mirrors and
pretty carvings. Mantle, $12.50
to $50.00; Upright, $35.00 to $75.00.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Well filled Tapestry Hassocks;
many bright colors and patterns, 2$
cents. Moquette, Axmlnster and
Body Brussels, 50 cents. A wel-
come for tir«d feet, and the playing
children.
Take advantage of this fine weather
to select your new carpet. Have it
laid before wet weather comes on.
Our Electric Carpet Sewing Ma-
chine at your service, too.
Free delivery. Oakland. A!ame4a. Berleat«y
M FRIEDMAN £ CO.,
233 to 237 Post St.
Open evenings Near Stockton
DR. MAHE'S DEATH.
Sioux City Coroner's Jury Finds It
Was Due to Apoplexy.
The body of Dr. Gustave Mahe. former
ly of this city, who died suddenly recent
ly In Sioux City, lowa, was brought to
this city by Dr. and Mrs. William Mac-
Mullan and Interred on Friday. Dr. Mac-
Mullan, who •is a brother-in-law of the
late Dr. Mahe. ascertained that Dr. Ma
he's sudden death was not due to sui
cide, as was at first reported, but to apo
plexy. After a full in vestlgatlon the
Coroner's jury at Sioux City returned a
verdict to that effect.
Dr. and Mrs. MacMullan. who reside
In Orange, Cal., made the Journey to
Discharged for Drunkenness.
Th» Board of Fire- Commissioners met
yesterday morning, when John Manlon
of truck 8 was tried on a charge of drunk
enness. He was found guilty and dis
missed from the department.
CONTESTS SWEENY'S DEEDS.
Suit was filed yesterday by the Califor
nia Title Insurance Company against
Charles S. Brundage and his wife, Mary
Ann Brundage, to set aside deeds made
by the late Thomas U. Sweeny December
11, 1599, conveying to the defendants prop
erty on X street, near Seventh avenue;
on Morris avenue, near Harrison street,
and on X street, near North avenue.
In his will Sweeny bequeathed the prop
erty described in trust to the plaintiff cor
poration, the income to be used in Im
proving the panorama on Strawberry
Hill, in Golden Gate Park, and for other
beneficiaries. The plaintiff corporation al
leges that Brundage and his wife took
advantage of decedent's illness and un
duly Influenced him to convey to them,
the property described without considera
tion. It Is alleged -that the property Is
valued at $50,000. As Mrs. Brundage is a
sister of the deceased an interesting con
test Is anticipated.
Dillon Charged With Murder.
A complaint was Bworn to In Judgo
Conlan's court yesterday by Sergeant
Lionel Shaw charging ex-Policeman
Thomas H. Dillon with the murder of
Charles Joyce, grocer. Nineteenth and
Castro streets. The case was called and
continued till February 2. Dillon was
unable to appear in court.
INCREASED PAY FOR
LOCOMOTIVE CREWS
Union Pacific Officials Effect an
Agreement B*garding the Wage
Schedule.
OMAHA. Jan. 27.— Seventy-five days ago
the engine men and officials of the Union
Pacific began a conference regarding th* 4
wage schedule, which has just be«n de
cided, the engine men getting a substan
tial increase. The differences came about
over the Introduction of heavier engines,
for running which the engineers and fire
men contended they were entitled to more
pay than the schedule provided for. The
principal increases were on the mountain
division, where most of the heavy encrines
are used.
It Is announced by both the engineers
and the firemen that they have been met
In a spirit of fairness by the company
and while they did not get all they con
tended for they have every reason to be
satisfied with th<> result. The increase for
the heavy engines runs on different divis
ions from 5 to 10 per cent.
m
Liquor Trade Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Jan. 27.— According to the
Interpretation in this city of the ruling of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue at
Washington that "every social club that
receives orders from its members for al
coholic liquors In any quantity less than
five gallons, and furnishes the liquors so
ordered and collects pay therefor, is a re
tail liquor dealer under the Internal rev
enue law and is required to pay a special
tax accordingly," a quietus is put to the
last form of procedure by which the drink
dealers may avoid the law. When the po
lice have successfully raided the "blind
pigs" the Pasadena Co-operative Associa
tion, a club whose members drank as they
pleased, was formed, and the marshal,
was invited to make an investigation.
Lad to agree that the business was so con
ducted as not to infringe in any way
¦cpon the liquor ordinance. The club has
been operating successfully for a year or
more, but now has decided to close its
doors. Storekeeper McDowell perceiving
et once that the internal revenue man's
ruling applied to the association's way of
doing business. The British-American
Club, a somewhat similar organization,
also closed, so that there is no beer In
town at all.
«
Left Without Paying.
gpeclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Jan. 27.— Charles Palmer, a Jew
eler, is wanted here on a charge of ob
taining money under false pretenses. The
charge was preferred against him in
Justice Caldwell's court Thursday by B.
W. Levy, a local merchant tailor, who al
leges that Palmer owes him $20. Palmer
came to Naca before Christmas and set
up a jewelry business on a small scale in
Levy's store on Second street. He later
purchased a suit of clothes from the
tailor. Wednesday night the two men
had a discussion about the amount due
On Thursday morning Palmer went to
levy's place, removed his small stock of
poods before the tailor was up and left on
the 7 o'clock train. Palmer came from
Ban Francisco. It is thought that he went
to Gilroy. where his father resides The
¦warrant is In the hands of the officers
but they have not located him.
•
Hall Site Purchased
Eperial Dlsrpatch to The Tall.
PACIFIC GROVB, Jan. 27.— The city of
Pacific Grove has just consummated the
purchase of two lots on the corner of
Forest and Laurel avenues, in this city,
on which to build the. proposed new City
Hall. The lots were bought from the es
tate of the late Captain Charles Goodall
of Oakland, and are among the most val
uable In this town. Plans fo* the new
building have not yet been submitted, but
It is stated that the building will be a
large and handsome one. containing all
facilities in the way of ofilee*. etc., neces
sary for carrying on the affairs of the
municipal I ty.
Striking Carpenters Arrested.
PARIS, Jan. 27.— About 100 striking car
pentens entered the workyards of the ex
position to-day, but the police drove them
Vack. Three arrests were made and one
policeman was Injured. .
Sheehan Opens His Fight.
On Tuesday. January 30. Judgo Cook
will hear a motion to dissolve the Injunc
tion Issued by Judge Bahrs restraining
Edward I. Sheehan from defending hla
claim to the office of Tax Collector with
force against Joseph H. Scott. Tax Collec
tor-elect. Judge Seawell has decided that
Scott is ineligible under the new charter.
and Sheehan will now make an attempt
to reoccupy the office.
ago, called at Coroner Cole's office yes
terday with his attorney, Thomas D.
Rlordan, to receive and receipt for the
personal effects of the dead man.
Mr. Friedberg said that the deceased on
the day before his death drew $370 from
the Humboldt Bank and also collected
money for bond coupons. No deposit had
been made by Friedman on that day at
any bank with which he was in the habit
of doing business. Hence Mr. Friedberg
inferred that the dead man's room had
been looted of about $500.
When the dead body was discovered by
a chambermaid the room was left in
charge of a bellboy— at least the bellboy
was on watch when the hotel clerk and
Deputy Coroners McCormlck and Flani
gan arrived. All the personal effects were
taken in the presence of the clerk, the
deputies giving their receipt to the clerk
for them. Only $7 50 was found.
Sioux City especially to clear up the re
ports concerning their brother's death
and bring the remains home.
"UNA VOIDABLE ACCIDENT."
Little Thomas Hoeck Lured to a Hor-
rible Death by a Black Cat.
Little Thomas Hoeck, four and a half
years old. was the victim of an unavoida
ble accident last Thursday afternoon,
when he was run over by an electric car
near his parents' home at 919 Bryant
street. At the inquest held yesterday by
Coroner Cole the evidence was to the ef
fect that the child was in the street chas
ing a black cat belonging to the grocery
man on the corner. The cat ran into the
street and across the- track in front of
the car, and the little boy hurried after
It, getting in front of the car. so closely
and so suddenly that it was Impossible
fur the motorman to have stopped in
time.
An affecting scene took place at the In
quest. Conductor John McGtnnerty shed
tears while giving his testimony, and
after he left the witness stand the grand
father of the boy shook him by the hand
and said, "I don't blame you at all."
"I'm glad to hear you say that. ' re
plied the conductor, "for It is bad enough
as It is."
The Jury returned a verdict that the
deceased came to his death through an
unavoidable accident.
Frank P. Kelly and William Clayton
represented the railway company.
Joists to break. Mr. Hover said that the
firm carried a stock worth about $125,t>00.
f " d^hat its loss would not fall short of
$00,000. Nobody was injured.
Sugar Factory to Reopen.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SALINAS, Jan. 27.— A. B. Spreckels has
been in this city several days looking over
the Spreckels Company interest here, as
well as inspecting large interests at King
City. The sugar factory, which has been
shut down for two weeks on account of
the supply of beets being discontinued,
will, it is asserted, start up to-morrow for
the last run of the season. Owing to the
wet weather the farmers have been un
able to harvest their beets, therefore the
factory, which should have been closed
down by January 1, will probably not be
through until February.
Burglar Captured.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 27.— Last Thurs
day night a burglar ransacked the resi
dence of Henry Peterson, a farmer, near
Dixon, securing a large quantity of cloth
ing and jewelry- To-day Detective Max
Fisher and Officer John Bagley of this
city arrested Andreas Stelger, a German,
and accused him of the crime. He con
fessed and gave the officers the stolen
goods.
New Oil Company.
Fperlal Dispatch to The Call
MERCED. Jan. 27.— The Merced Oil and
Mining Company has filed articles of in
corporation, the capital stock being $100.
000. stock at par value being placed at $1
per share, and the amount subscribed was
$3500. The directors are as follows: C. H.
Castle, M. D. Wood. A. Harris, E. C. Ma
son and S. C. Cornell.
Fire at Minneapolis.
MINNEAPOLIS, Jan. 27.— A four-story
brick building, occupied by McKusick,
Copelln & Riddell, confectioners, on Sec
ond avenue north, was destroyed by fire
to-night; loss, $120,000; insurance, $100,000.
EARLY ACTION ON
THE CANAL BILL
?
It Will Come Up During
This Week.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.—
Representative Hepburn, chairman of the
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce of the Hoube of Representa
tives, is at work on his report on the
Nicaraguan canal bill and expects to get
it before the House some time during the
ensuing week. He has not yet arranged
for the time for taking it up for debate,
but he intends to ask (he House to con
sider It some time during the month of
February. It is not believed there will be
any trouble in having the time assigned
for consideration of the bill, as Speaker
Henderson and all the members of the
House Committee on Rules of both parties
axe in favor of it.
Several other important matters are
aheart of the Nicaraguan canal bill on the
programme of the Senate leaders, and it
is probable that the measure will pass
the House first. In that event it will be
considered in the Senate instead of the
Senate bill which has been reported.
Considerable interest is taken in official
circles in the sentiment existing in Eng
land as voiced by the London Spectator
favoring the abrogation by the British
Government of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
wi;hout waiting for the United States to
request such action It was again reiter
ated to-day that no negotiations or dis
cussion of the advisability of abrogating
the treaty had recently occurred between
the two Governments. As has been stated,
there is no disposition in official circles to
press the British Government at this time
upon any questions, but if Congress
should pass the canal bill then the Presi
dent probably would feel justified in call
ing the treaty to the attention of Lord
Salisbury, if in the meantime that official
has not made any representations to the
{secretary of State relative to this abro
gation.
The two Governments thoroughly under
stand one another's attitude in this mat
ter. The United States is desirous of se
curing the abrogation of the treaty. Great
Britain is willing to comply with its de-
Eire, provided concessions in the Alaska
boundary dispute are made. But it may
be that. In view of the South African war
and the deeire of Great Britain to pre
serve the friendship of the United States,
she may deem it proper, when negotia
tions are opened, to abrogate the treaty
as an evidence of her willingness to meet
the views of this Government and to con
tinue cordial relations.
Hales.
JAPAN MAKING
READY FOR WAR
Will Soon Have a Mag
nificent Navy.
FINEST BATTLESHIPS AFLOAT
TWO POWXBFCX VESSELS KT.AR
ING COMPLETION.
Bussian Activity in China may Bring
on tlie Conflict Sooner Than the
Island Government In
tended.
•
LONDON. Jan. 27.— Some of the after
noon papers associate the departure to
day of the new Japanese battleship Shik
lshima with possible complications in re
gard to the situation in China, especially
us it Is announced that the Shikishima
win endeavor to traverse the Suez canal
by divesting herself of her armament.
"Up to the present no 6hJp of euch size
lias traversed the canal.
The interpretation that the departure of
the Shiklshima was airectly due to the
eltuatloii In China is incorrect, as the As
sociated Press learns to-day that the date
j»et for the sailing vra*> decided on many
¦weeks ago end a farewell party was held
on board of her previous to the deposition
of the Emperor of China. But though this
Incident was given exaggerated import
ance In the afternoon papers the Asso
ciated Press is able to say that those in
England most cognizant of the secret
alms of Japan, especially those who are
fulrilllr^ her naval contracts, have for
tome time pact thoroughly believed she
meditated striking a blow at Russia. If
this Impression is correct, and there la
the highest and most conservative author
ity on which to base It. it is not unlikely
that Japan's hand may be forced and that
her intended coup will be attempted be-
Xore her plans are completed.
It may be that Japan only intends for
the present to prevent Russia acomplish-
Jng the designs which various correspond
ents have credited her with since the
change in China's Emperor.
Two powerful war vessels built for
Japan on the Clyde will soon be ready to
sail, while others are under course of
rapid construction. Their strength has
not attracted much attention, but their
importance as international factors can
be judged from a statement made by one
of England's greatest ship builders, who
declared that the vessels building for
Japan wore the mr^t powerful in the
¦world and could destroy the best British
ships in ftfti°*»n minutes.
Several of Japan's vessels in course of
construction would have been completed
before now had not Japan encountered
financial difficulties. The British builders
would not let the vessels sail until every
thing wils paid for In cash. To accom
plish this Japan Induced a syndicate of
English bankers to advance the money,
and their action has been the subject of
a. good deal <>i private criticism in the in
ner Admiralty circles when it was realized
¦what a tremendous naval power Japan
was accumulating. Though Great Brlt
i :: - strength was not impaired, it was
thought inadvisable for British capitalists
to po materially assist Japan to become a
dangerous rival.
A well-known naval expert says that if
Japan puts into commission the ships
prheduled for wan lee in the near future
t=he will be ready for war within six
months and can then defy Russia, and as
the Japanese and Russian ships at pres
ent in the Far East compare Japan's fleet
would have an excellent chance of con
trolling tr#» situation.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 27.— The Her
eld publishes an article declaring the re
cent experimental transfer of Russian
troops to Kush and says plainly:
"Russia is obliged to take precaution
ary measures owing to the disturbance of
the balance of power in consequence of
rwent events. It 1s unjust, therefore, to
blame Russia If she is making prepara
tions regarding the long strip between
Persia an<l Afghanistan."
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO VJLL.L, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1900.
Hales.
J RADWAI'S EKADV REiUi* , t(X>J
i unrlvalKd before the public for £0 years an *
] Patn Rem«dy. It ln«lantly rellevea ami quicicly
* C Sf. e , S lU D !: oldl ' Sor » Throat.. Influenia. Broa-
• Head»ch«. Tootliache and ail paini. Internal;/
I lor MaiaxU and aU Bowel Patai.AU dru^KUta.
4* — — — — — — ¦ — H 1 ' H *m*. *"»
% every day "must haves" you haven't seen them yet. we have the first lot brought out here. a Sale of jackets and Capes %
| uttie things that arc wanted aii th e tim=. little to say that they are pretty is expressing it poorly, the designs are all ggj *22P&£ 4
r^ prices, too. new an d so beautiful that it is impossible to describe them— you must throughout with siuc others partly i;^, J: doub;^
I^S^ffi^JSffi."^!.?*^^.&?S come and have a look, the most potent achievement, however, that I
* vice^f h s w£Pfi^^ secured economic distinction for.this department was the acquisition of £
"& superior Japanned wire hairpins— 6o pins In a box; immense quantities at the TateS QUOted before the recent large advance C ° Ses ? J>lack jackets In boucip kerieV*and'm?ftoli
«& epecial 2c box . . . * . -%T*_- ... - ,_. - . cloths; some fly fronts, others double breasted wj-h A.
T 100 yards to a ball. Hale's knitting cotton. 4-ply in priCeS. the following ltettlS Should establish COrdial relations between deep reveres, others single breasted, buttoning up T
«g* white. Nos. Bto IS; special Monday 4c ball v i i A 11 t- 1_ ¦ *. -l. i- * c •i • •*!- - „ ,«,r the neck; some lined, others faced; were 17.50; now A.
4+ ladies' satin-gored belt ho 5 e supporters, black and Hale s and all who have not heretofore grown familiar with our way. only ••••:.•//,; w ™;«*i; *2-*5 3l
* white only, assorted sizes; special 10c pair he avy arf °f PS ° Ver *
-£ 2000 skeins of linen floss. In a broken assortment of nraan^s 32 Inches wlde - whlte HPW fmiiini Camhrir 32 Inches enr A 9 A fiflfkfe a " ew i 1i 1 Zndcuffs' an cTover caps, sleeves and bodyTin4°wu"
Si shades 2c skein Hew OrgdDUlCi grounds, small floral HeW lOUUrU tdUlDriC wid e , flne COrOea DdUMC lnc hes wide, blues. J^j" 1 flounco at bottoms; also trimmed in braid a 1 ' &.
<"" 160 balls of Madonna crochet cotton, 300 yards on designs 20c yard fabric, silk finish, foulard designs, In lavenders, white and black grounds; eizea .si**"; *
4* a ball, ecru color 4c ball r rnm - riv mn^\' m 30 inches wide, a black - blue and lavender colors heavy raised woven cord stripes and heavy" fle^ceback flannelette wrappers, tight-fitting *£¦
jr. 200 pieces H-inch mohair trimming braid. 12 yards VlUHiailJ 111UMIU close woven fab- 1O yard figures lb --^c yarn lining, laydown collars, extended cap over shotxMers 5
?? piece, all colors 10c piece ric with woven raised cords; comes in of plain color cloth, trimmed with two rows of fancy
14* mohair skirt braid for trimming, 8 Inches wide; 3 white grounds and small figures . . . « ,_. hM de edging around collars and cuffs, belt and car^: all
I yards for 50c; all color, ZW^MiMWM 3"? T" ?^ anTs^SSi Zephyr gll^m S^ftr !?• t '^ 32 *> «' »*" •*¦•» |
7 batlSte fj? wSf" £S P« • «« 3rard pink. W«e. gray and lavenders .^ .2
* "meet me at Hales." grounds, smaii norai designs. ioc yard * new linens have just arrived.
* corded lawn gg o t£ c . h rSn™? BB e ed 2SSK imported Irish dimity Side? cb n e n: m -A r »c v mche. wide, piaids and 1 %
•* trimmed hatS SO 000 pink, blue and lavender grounds:, small sheer fabric, white and colored grounds. UldUldi stripes, all new colorings.... 6]OVCS HCW pePCaICS *3L
-. v iiiiuiwu uaio w,vuu designs loc yard all new designs 25c yard 25c yard & mvr w " r
i *? ~..- ~tiu_«.~... *» ., ,r * - - ~ ':.-•' . . .~-r -r, •* just a word or two j-»
;r . our millinery buyer vflPli^ of our celebrated "H. B." about tha SOO new pat-
X T^J^Llt «Vrt™ sr" ft y° u do not see Hale's windows you do not see the latest fashions. kid glove man shades terns of spring percale &.
S SS^iSS.?^??^ ribbOnS and sizes, guaranteed that art t |
~ goods to make room for 'II f "3 •lU and fitted. ...91.00 pair ™* combination^ m£t
«|+ the new things soon to just came In by ex- *y+ />T7TT g^ll^OkfirN /VA A/T1 O OK THI 4N (Til I BXO tiest new designs re- *T
JLI goods" brand of all silk C-J vln." 4-button glove, for- tVVO flannel items £+
I S^-^i SS^S- "•*"« " y not old goods but brand new arrivals-styles way ahead of anything .JT S5T,K32i£3: I
* soft' M t cones, 'ha.T. m »«. 2... Tfc soS you have seen— prices way below any you will see. fStt^SJRiZ. 2" *
J£l gray, black and cerise, no. 8... Gc GOc a good assortment of 6%c yard *2»
I q r umr o d niy ith velvet 4 a o n c na I.-.;** *?? fancy mixed covert suitings new plaids £ c SSSfaV'^ILSS? "«•«*«-«¦ SaffiSSfi iSS I
T in* • 'Vi* if* n °" "Vi £MJ strictly all wool. 39 inches wide, come skirts; the lot includes all the spring scrlptions for fancy waists and trim- fn strides and check ca?: T
«$$ childrens felt hats, no . 9.. .15 c $1.40 in grays, blues, browns, etc.. 50c yard colors; they are all wool and extra ming are the proper styles for spring. rememb c r . all onr i°"" p #*_!rji «h£ -v.
•; with tarn o shanter n o. 12...18 c $1.75 heavy $1.00 yard we are showing many styles entirely gloves. Jl and up, are tern s. r orrner pr ice oo c
| STSSS^p - «:^c ||-jo ¦ hncyntthgiSSK^ eS neff < nrin(r H- « S£j new: 19 In o M «« *i.oo *% '"£" *"" " ns to ' T^J a B I
"2* colors, only 75c no. 40...30 c $.1.15 in crepon designs, purple and black) tIQVI Spring SllkS tains many new 19 Inches wide 1.15 ed free of charge. yard *3T
.&. marine and black, brown and black, creations in style and colors, prominent 20 Inches wide 1.25 <&
£ ....,» «... green and black; to close them out at among the new weaves are lace stripes 20 inches wide 1.155 _ _ - . . _.
•^ HaleS glOVe-Ilttmg COrsetS. once we make the price 75c yard and plisse effects, the soft tones in the 21 Inches wide 1.50 HudnUt'S perfumery for WhlSt prizes. *^
£ . • our millinery buyer is in the East. T
V the lace curtains 1 . A . 1 t™ de c enameled ware \ %
•j* ****¦' . ~ /m&/ >=7jh/ * sale of vllillllwlwu YYulv purchase tt
»• we could not buy these curtains as cheap now as <6 the Sat- fi^kX /eM/ /£*/ "the £3~
"2? we did some months ago; we can sell them as cheap >o«^t \^P^>^^±^^^^v/ ,^r [ . ->» /Mf/ (§m . L1IV " ocvji w we have Just unpacked and inspected the larseat tT
„%. though; 1500 pairs ecru and white curtains, 43 to 45 : ffl/ //sf/ s^*&3w\ <SS /s£??<==§? purchase of enameled ware ever brought to the coa3t, £\,
*• Inches wide by 3Vi and 3' 2 yards lung; per pair only :^j?«^^-^m», /EB&7 /ss&/ *<2&& imf/ * /iff/ >\ /!&t&r = £=? (ssSSglffliN and to-morrow will begin a sale of these fine goods -*
.£: 91 iSiaCLOry /MW /Mf/ (&M&$MkJ (Mz&? {S&b*^ mOtner m our basement store, just a word about the quality:
i 700 pairs ecru and white lace curtains, 3V& yards /£&w/ /os&f "~^* there are no "seconds" in the lot. we will not sell II
long by 60 inches wide; full bay window widths; in /filly J**"*! <*<*— <*^r enameled goods that are damaged in the least, defec- *&
f-, a very neat and dainty floral design; per pair 0n1y... StOPC 5*5 * /Jbe/ .^^ IlkeS." tive enamel is dangerous to health, because heat si
•2* 91.00 otoi w. * i^rt*sST *•"&&&§) tfail&lßS'^ii'^ nrvwo. burs ts the blisters that roughen the surfaces of "sec-
Ji. 900 pairs ecru and white lace curtains. 3U yards aas TTiTTirrc«w»r.~J_r~r wp-"^ 0^ onds" and the keen-edped particles mix with your >2L
£ long by 50 and 54 inches wide; some new designs, ' \ \m^^^^ ammam^n^^-— ¦ I food and Injure the stomach, our prices, though, are
| 935-937-939-941-943-945-947 MARKET STREET-through to Stevenson Street. & ab< "" "" "*" "* yy ° U Pay f " MT ' *
32