SUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE SECTION
WHERE
THE
PRESIDENTIAL
CANDIDATES
WILL BE
SELECTEDSUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE SECTION
WHERE
THE
PRESIDENTIAL
CANDIDATES
WILL BE
SELECTEDplump friend. 6topping before them.
"Dot noo oatmeal I tell you for break
fast," said the short-haired woman.
A girl entered tho room, nodded mo
rosely to three or four of the women and
stepped directly to the railing. She
watched the bidding for several minutes,
then went out again. I could see her
pale, gloomy face and her look of despair
after the door closed.
offices. But that ain't so tied a* com!n*
hers an' watchln'. Some of us hava been
comin* twenty or thirty or forty year,
makin' a reg'lar buslnes3 of it. It's like
any other business— it has Its up* and
downs, '.mere's fortunes mads an' lost —
both."
"What do you pay the brokers?"
"Ona dollar commislson for buying or
celling."
"One woman was telling me that ths
brokers and their friends maks all tha
money there Is made."
"She must have been unlucky."
"And another was telling ma that lt'i
a sure way to wealth."
"She must stand In with some brokers."
The intermittent boy from the San
Francisco Exchange ran in with his yel
low slips bearing 1 the report of sales.
There was a slight ripple around . him.
then calm.
"You see for yourself how dull ths
times is," said my first acquaintance,
strutting toward me and giving a snort
ing sigh. "Them brokers is half aslee?
now. But things Ml be better next week.
I'm goln' to make plenty more out o" this
before I get through."
. She reached a confidential and itubby
hand out from under her fur. Tha fur
was the nondescript kind that resembles
a stray cat's when dogs are within scent.
"Let me tell you." she said.
I grew mentally and bodily evasive, but
she came closer. Her eye 3 were like all
the eyes I saw In the room, beady and
glittering.
"There's a fortun* fur you. let ma tell
you that. Think of what I done, and I
no older than you when I started. And
just a few dollars was all I had. An' sea
what I done. Traveled to Europe twlca
like a princess. When I went to Paris I
bought me five trunks of Paris clo'es—
silks an' satins. An' jewelry. You should
a sfen the jewelry I bought.
"80 you better begin soon, fur so as to
make your fortun' soon. Think o* tha
fun. You can come back an' show your
frlen's your clo'es. Didn't I do that?
Well. I'd like to know."
"One of the operators told me that this
Is usually a losing game."
"There! If you haven't been talkin* to
them women about investln'. after all I
warned you. Didn't I tell you soma of
'em 'ould say that? That one was foolish
or slow In buyln'. I s'pose. An' she most
likely was jealous of you for fear you'd
make somethin". That's the way they
are. Don't listen to them an* you' re. all
right."
The melancholy widow waited for me.
"Ol hope ye ain't a-goin' to sink non ay
yer money, ra'dearr," she said.
"I am not going to." I could answer her.
"Oi'm thankful fur that. Ol am. It's a
sorry doy Ot come here an' 'it'd be a
sorry doy fur you. too. that you gambled.
There's thlm as'll till ye dlfTrent. but
they ain't to be tru3ted. Oi had pllrity ay
good money whin Ol come here, but Oi
wanted more."
"So^vou lost what you had and gained
nothing?"
"Yes." she replied.
She left me and entered a broker's
office. Through the glas3 door I noticed
that some explanation was evidently de
manded of the broker, for his face was
conciliatory and his palms were upward.
Some - fat lady buss ara caught, but
many are m1330d.
SARAH COM3TOCK.
a c>o" !:no\v how h?ns behave around
¦/ tlic bran ran.
J Suddenly *j::p n:ns off toward the
kj?;j!o tr<o. "K-r-r-r," the r&yn
conterr.edly. giving: a gulp. She means
fcor-.r-thins like tbls:
"That's tho fattc-st Isdyb-jg I fver swal
lowed. Wasn't 1 clpver to leave tha; bran
ar.ci < ha.-» isie hi:??"
"Krk-krk-krk." observes a second hen.
who 1.?.* followed and arrived Just In tlm*
to pec th« other la.dybups fly out of reach.
She irxar.?;
••!.:;.:> 1 t:tm ure very cholcd meat for
light. The brightest part of the room
w&s dim enough, but the investors
shunned even that part and huddled in a
row against the furthest wall.
Nine of them were sitting there, waitir.s
for the afternoon session to begin, and
thres more restlessly swung, the outer,
•loor frcm time to" Hi me between "inter
views with brokers in their offices out-
Mde. "Mud hens" these women are'
dubbed. When I have asked why I have
bf>en told that their name la an American
slang translated from the French slang,
meaning coot or mud hen, and that they
of garb, and whether they be stout or not
they look so because of the v/ay they have
of sinking into a squatty heap, as a hen
sinks into her feathers. They talk with
a gait like hers, they talk in a voice like
hers and they are smooth and shrewd and
.greedy.
As 2 o'clock pushed forward the brokers
drifted in and gathered In the pit. - Some
of them cama by .way of Montgomery
street and some came from the opposite.
greatest thing in the world. There's for
tunes to be made. If you want to buy I'll
show you where that broker's office is—
only two blocks off."
"Don't you think it would be a good
p!a.n for me to talk the matter over
first?".: •- • r^
"Oh. whatever you do don't talk to any
of these women." she whispered. "You
can't trust what they tell you. Don't lis
ten to them. Some of them say it'e-a bad
"Who is to blame for the misfortune?
Don't the*"stocks behave prettily, or are
the brokers wicked?"
"It's both, m' dear. The stocks is no
good. Ye buy an' ye buy, an' as soon as
ye've bought there's assls3mints to pay.
They's non ay thim no good now, except
old Belcher. She's a pretty good ol'. boy,
but she's' twlnty-folve tints— tin" cints t a
share an' fifteen cints fu'rr the asslssmlnt.
It's hoigh; * _¦•' ' '
"I'm glad she didn't get onto our tip.
all the same."
"Ja. ye keep ver* shtlll. Dot dip's de
beach, dot dip."
"How many shares are you goln* to
buy?"
"All I Tot de money to puy. an" I mako
my.hooaband borrow, too.'
•.•lt's the best thing I've seen In ten
year." '.'¦
"What's the ,best thins?" asked a
first mornin* session an' stays for the next
at half-past 10. an' again In the after
noon."
'Do all of you women do your watchln?
here? Why not at the San Francisco Ex
change?"
"We ain't allowed over there. You could
go once or twice as a visitor an' sit in
the gallery, but after that they'd spot
you for an operator, an' the doorkeeper
wouldn't let you in. Wish I could go,
cause the San Francisco has the lead.
"Some of the operators don't come here
at all. They go to the brokers in the'.r
tness who catch them, hut I wish I'd
siajej at Ifce o!3 bran pan."
It H a lcrg time since 1 have watched
them, but I remembered them as I sat In
th* Pacific Stock K^char.^c.
The exchange was dark. " The busmess
ef rjcculatirs apparently does not need
arc bo called because they scratch up old
things that nobody wants, the old things
beir.s forgotten stocks. This is a neat
enough explanation and convincing. And
for the personality of the "chippers" It is
far more like that of the Sunday dinner
hen. They arc all brown cr black or gray
thing, because they want to keep you
out. You mm* what I tell you."
Back in the darkness of the corner and
of her fur collar was to be seen a cau
tious narrowing' of lids over gleaming
eyes. ,
At the other end of the row I talked
with the melancholy widow.
"This is a bad place, m' dear, a bad
place." she said. "It was a sorry day for
me whin forrst Oi come here. Don't lis
ten to non ay thlm women what tills ye
dlffmt. Yell be sorry af ye do. OI am.
Thlm as make 3 money has got a pool
with tho brokers. The brokers live loike
larrds ay the land on the money of poor
women. Torkoy an' cranberry sauce they
have, while we eat dry bread. Do you
think all they wants is commission? ' Half
the profit Is what they take for sharrting.
and they rob us all the time. Thim that's
got a pool'll till ye there's forchins to be
made. But' don't ye listen to non ay
thlm, m' dear, or you'y be sorry."
"Are you losing all the time?"
"All the toime. Oi'm goin' to get out ay
It as soon as Ol see the chance, an 1 this
placo'U nlver see me ol' bones agin whin
wance Ol gits out" •¦}' :--.-': --.-'
"Are you waiting to come out even?"
"Aven! Aven. did^ye say? If wance
Ol was aven Old be well off, Oi kin tell
ye that. Aven, m" dear? It's a rich
woman OI come here, an' It's a poor
wan 01*11 lave."
"An' the brokers. There Isn't a honest
man among thlm, bo hllp me af there Is.
Rascals, lvery wan. See thlm two walkln'
off together? See thlm talkln' now?
They're puttln' up some rascality, ye see.
They're a bad lot. llavo nothin' to do
with ony ay thlm, m' dear." ¦
She pulled her long, greasy veil around
her and sank, pudgy, Into the. folds of It,
and wiped first one blinking eye and then
the other with , the corner . of the veil's
hem.
"Good-by," said I to the melancholy
widow.
"Good-by, an' don't listen to any ay the
women," Bald the melancholy widow to
roe.
There was some shifting of. position go
ing on. I moved 'to another- row.
A short-haired, ehort-sklrted woman
crossed the room and sat beside me." She
talked softly to her neighbor on the othar
side.
"Mrs. Dade's gettin* ver" scare." she
said.
"She's always gettln' scared," answered
the other. "But. she keeps on Just the
same. I've seen her aroun' -here ever
since I've been comln', and that's forty
four year in March." !
"Ja, but shehaf reason' to be scare dls
time. -She put" all her money* in ' "yon
mine, 'cause em fortune-teller tell her to,
an' now she get scare, 'cause dey say dot
mine ain't coin' to- pan out."
"Too bad, ain't It? She's a servant an'
she has to work awful hard, poor thins,
an* she don't get much pay. Her father
left her a little an' she came here an'
gambled, an' she made for a. while, un
til she had ??000, an' then she lost It alt
at once, an' now she ain't got nothln*.
Poor thing."
"She don't lose ef she puy an' den go
home. Dot's vot I tell her. Buy vot you
vant to puy, den go home an' don't listen
to nopody, I say. Kf you listen you nefer
know how to puy. an' you go bust. Don't
listen to none of de women, I say to her,
but she don't listen to me."
. "Then she done what you told her," put
In the neighbor. She was a putty-colored,
phlegmatic woman.
"No, she don't done vot I tell her. I
tell her, 'Don't listen to none of the
woman," an' she don't listen to me,"
came heatedly. The putty-colored one
smiled lazily and did not argue further.
There was a feeble flurry of excitement
In the pit. One broken shook another,
who was not of his own size.
An operator who had not yet joined the
others stepped to the rail to listen, and
1 folowed her.
"Do you have to keep track of every
thing so closely?" I asked her.
"All the time,'.' she answered. "There's
no use gambl'.n' at all if you don't watch.
.Some of 'em comes an' cots, but it ain't
no good that way. Them that makes a
business of It comes here at 9 for the
sidle, where an alley chortens the way |
from the big front door of the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange, which has "the
lead." They were a dull looking lot of
ichevioted men. who Joked each other
jha!f-n.eartedly now and then and lounged
and held spiritless confab. ''¦¦'} ""
I "There's noihin" much doln' now," said
.my puffy neighbor apologetically. "Some
jtirnes they get excited— gee! Maybe they
• will to-day. You can't tell. It's great
when they do. Sometimes'they swat each
other. My, but don't they, though. An"
they throw each other over the rallln'.
Them's times, I tell you. Sco that ol'
feller ov*»r there, about 70 year ol'? You
wouldn't think it, but he give that red
headed one a terrible cut on the jaw one
day, he got so mad. The red-headed
;cne's a match for him, though. ¦ He let
jhlm know what's what. He ain't red
•heuded fur nothin'. He's a nice man, he
;ls, an' he says to me, 'I couldn't hit an
'•ol' man,' says he, 'but I had to let him
,know what's what. I tol' him this ain't
no prize ring, I did.' Ain't that keen fur
you, though? He's' a good man. he Is.
3etter ask him about stocks when you
want to buy." , . ,
vivas not there to buy, but I did not
say so. y
"He's a good man," she went on. "I've
known Win a long time back. I knowed
him when I made my first fortune."
"Then you've done well here?" _ .
"Well? I should say so. Why, I've
made two fortunes and traveled to Europe
I wire like a princess. This business Is the
CHARACTER STUDIES OF THE MUO-HEN SPECULATORS
THE SUNDAY CAIiL.
2July 2S, l?So— John Elftman. Swede.- 65 years old.
resident of 113 Geary street; death by car
bolic add; despondency. .
August 19, ISBo— Ernest Mentzel (supposed to be
frora letter in pocket), German. 40 years of
ace; poison; cyanide of potassium.
July 11. lE9l— George W. Reynolds, laborer, aged |
87; jrunshot wound in head.
Beptember 24, 1891— Unknown man fcund dead In
shrubbery: unrecognizable; death from
gunshot wound.
October 18. 1891— John Shay, stenographer, aged
20; carbolic acid poisoning; despondency.
December i. IS9l— Charles Ronneburger, waiter,
aged 19, German; death from' gunshot la
head; despondency, dying of consumption.
March 13. 1892— Unknown man; poison; dead
some time; not Identified.
Hay-17, IS97 — Unknown old man found dead In
bushes by boys; unrecognizable.
June 20. IS92— Walter Johnson. IS2D Hyde street,
teamster, aged (4, English; gunshot
through heart.
Xnne 21, WS2— Herrman Kappler, Swiss tailor,
aged 24, 21 Beaver street; gunshot through'
head.
Jnae 27, 1892 — Henry Schneider, druggist, aged
11; morphine polsonir.c.
July 15. Igf2— Albert Seiz, caterer, aged 56, Ger
man. 2C148 Buchanan street; gunshot
through heart; temporary aberration..
September 3, 1892— Charles Klneir cook, aged M
years. Swede, living at Tremont House
on'Kearny street: death from laudanum.
September 10, IS92— C. w. Woolton, 171 Mission
street, butcher, aged M, English; mor
phine poisoning.
September 25, MM— George tv". Fisher, electri
cian, aged 23. 371 Sanchez street; gunshot.
January 7. 1833 — Unknown man, aged about 29;
zunshot in - breast.
February 27. 1898— Herman Mlltman. cook, aged
tS. German: hantred to a tree. ; ' .
Slay 24, 1893— Ida. Raab. a. young woman: pol
coned by pmeslc acid near music stand.
Jane IS. 1898— Unknown man; suicide by opium.
October 30, 1503— Gustave J. Lamblot. 80»Vi Mar
ket street:. had between $40 and $50 on per-.
' son. besides watch, chain and rinrs.
December 4, IS93— August Schurrman, German,
aged 69, cabinet: maker. ¦• ' " '.'
December 7.' 1833— Unknown old man; shot with
gun at Chicken Point."
December 19, 6 1893— William Caughan, eatrlage
painter; nulclde by gunshot -in head.
February 24. 1894— Albert Streuber. 2152 Mission
street; cyanide of potassium. -
March 29. 1394— Thomas O'Brien, carpenter, 4tt
Nineteenth street; gunshot: despondency.
March 29, 1894— William Wieso, found in clump
of acacia' trees; . death from unknown
causes, probably poisoning. . >r-- -. \
August C. IS94— Charles Coeke. saloon-keeper,
' aged SI: death from gunshot: despondency.
August 17. 1894— Frederick M. Henning. aged
C 3, German gardener of Oakland: sun
shot wound 'in' head; despondency, and
poverty. . • ¦
October K. 1834— Unknown man found hanging
to a trte oa Whisky UIIL .
¦tnunent c£ ee!f-Ce«truction. They dis
covered her one eclfi morning hanging by
her skirt binding to the door of tho ladle*'
cottage. Who ehe was, whero she came
from and what her troubles were will
never be known, for she was among the
unidentified, and the Item cf her suicide
Is Jotted down In the column for the un
known.
Under thw same head th? r e Is record of
tn eccentric suicide who employed a look
ing-glass as an aid In the process cf ef
fecting his demise. It was a small hand
mirror, and wes found propped up with a
etone in the grass, presumably for the
purpose of enabling the bu!c!(s» to pee hew
to shoot himself. Perhaps It may have
been that he wished to observe h!s dying
expression or to see how he looked when
he did it. AcccrJlrg to the almanacs and
comic columns, such a motive could have
been more properly ascribed to a suicide
cf the other rex. Sometimes things don't
happen Just right to be adjustable for th»
usr* of the comic penny-a-llner.
Most cf the suic-id? cases are obviously
Cvnt to poverty and financial distress. A
bunch of l:evs. a nickel or a poclcet-knlfe
Is generally the *vm totel of "valuables"
found on tho person of tho unfortunate,
end the official "items" column looks Ilk*
a BtocJc-takiaS H?t of the notion depart
ment of a email country store. The let
ter?, messages, reasons and excuses that
are- !eft are nitizbly similar. Ths'laconlo
"unknown" who scrawled v.'ith a nail on
the herd ground "broke" and sent a bullet
crashing through hla brain epigrammati
cally exprcsFcd tho grievances of a large
percentage of the suicide list.
Charles Cooke was a salcon-Iceeper with
a thriving trgfthfCT and a growing family
In Oakland some six years ago. Temper
ance agitation threatened calamity, an«l
trhen the hi«rh license- ordinance went Into
effect his business was practically ruined.
Mr. Cook© removed irlth his family to
Ban Francisco, but his attempts at start
ins anew were unsuccessful. He Frew
decpendent. and one day hi* wife received
the news of his auiciao In OoJicn Cat*
Park. He had left a. note .bidding hla
family farewell and stating that hla death
was due to high license, in view of tho
fact JtChat It hed ruined him financially.
This case is on a par with ths woes of
the unhappy Cciestial whoso gambling
ATT
»
of
No*
Worth
the-
November 2i. IS34— Rudolph Sieswarts. native
of Sweden, clear-maker, nsed E2, 933 Mis
sion street; cut throat with razor.
Jctiuary 9. 1895— Unknown man . found in low
place arr.onK shrubbery: dead for months.
February 24, IS95— William Gernand, aced '38,
German. 565 Jessie street; poisoned by car
bolic acid.
March 6. IS3s— Charles Hlelberger. aged 3». Ger
man irrocery clerk. 70S California street:
cunshot In head.
April 19. IS9s— Conrad Hilderbrand, barber. 89
years of age; well' dressed; money In
pocket. - '-
April 22. 1395— 0. E. Haynes, dentist: poisoned.
May 15, 18&5— J. T. Read,- aged . 63. married,
salesman; gunshot in heart.
October 15, 1895— Ernest Dammn, aged 6», Ger- i
man ci«ar-maker. 2233 Geary street; pol
' soned with carbolic acid. ? ,
October 26, 1595 — Unknown maai gunshot
through head.
November 2. IS3& — David Clifford Butler, aged
S2, slnele. cleric, »21 Center street. > Oan
lar.d; runshot,; despondency. . ,
November 20, 1895— John Max; minahot.
December 25. 1885— Edward E. Norton, ayed IX
single, mariner,- 423 Turk street; poisoned.
February 8, 1398 — Unknown man found dead on
Lanch; poisoned. • .
March 24. 1898— Henry Monferran, aged 41.
French, window cleaner; gunshot In head.
April 12, 1896— John Muth. aged 35. German,
agent. 640 Golden Gate avenue.
April IJ, 1196— Unknown man in shrubberyi
dead for two months: gunshot.
April 20, 18(»«— Albert 1/ancenburger, aged M,
¦ waiter; carbolic acid. ' '
May 16. 1856— Unknown man found in pond with
throat cut. -• • • -• ¦ . ¦*>*%K&g%SB%iSgP i i
June 6, ¦1896— Unknown middle-aged man found
• . dead. on Lookout .drive way; suicide by
chloroform poisoning.
Jun« 8, 1896— John H. Anderson, aged 40, single;
j -Denmark; gunshot .wound.- - . irf 1 .;.^ <*?,-;
June 1 10, 1896— Frederick Rosenberg; suicide by
-poison -in, little rustic pavilion. •
June 20. 189 C —On e; Mr. Gottlieb shot himself
near Helleck monument; aged 24; married;
despondency.'- .-.'
July IS, ISM— Camlllo Ferrarre. aged 2«; Italian
salesman; four gunshot' wounds; 115. Clark
street. - ';.- » • : ! .'.'"¦
July 24; 1836— James Franti. aged 2«, single;
iGerman waiter: gunshot.
August 14 1886— R. A. Dlckenson, aged it,' mar
. rled; laundry marker; 611 Valencia street;
letter iin 1 pocket; ¦ despondency and • bad
luck. ¦ . ¦ > • ¦¦-.-.
November ' 28. 18S6— Unknown man. aged 15;
morphine poisoning.-
December 13. ISH6— J. O. Locke, aged 24, single.
student- cut throat In trees near edge of
park; 2328 Folscm ftreet. .
December 22. ISS6— Frederick "W. Stein, aged
45. Bingle; i Gemma clgaxmaker; gunshot
...*'.' through head.
• December :«. IS96— Otto O. Heuser. German,
aged (0; 1261 Park street, Alameda; dcs-
. po-dency. , «« j_ ..;
March 32 1897— •William Fr»M». aged ». sragief
German bartender: gunshot.
May 12. 1837— Max yon Schaussen, aged 64; Ger.
man teamster: found hanging t« » tn«l
hH Folsom street. • ,
May 14. 1897— R. Ldndlow, ab.tut 40 year* old]
German book agent; gunshot: 243 Harriet
street: had looking class in grass besld*
him to aim by. -...'." '
May 17 IS97— Unknown man; poison.
June 8 1897— J. D. Burton, or James Rosen
Ealfour Jr., aged 60; druggist; cyanide ot
Auffust^'isawohn Hopkins.'- aged 65; alerkj
August 10. IS?7— Unknown man found dead nea*
••Hobo Lake": gunshot.' ¦ ¦,
November IS. ISSi-Lum Show. . Chines* gam*
bier, aged 35:-hanE«d himself to a tree.
Wovember 30. 1337 — Edward : Koppell, aged 23 1
. - nothing more ¦ known. ."' . . ' ¦ „
January 22. 1898— New McDonald, about 65 year*
, of age; cut wrists with raxor; despondent,
June 15 1898-Samuel Cline. aged 66. Rusaiaa
tailor; cyanide of potassium. ,
January 25, 1898— Charles Rosenberg, aged <V
German, married; hide dealer: poison.
June 28,' 1S9S— Thomas Boyle, steamntter; morm
phlr.e poison'"*- ... -
August 14. IS3B— Unknown man found dead Mil
••Hobo Lake": gunshot, self-inflicted. .
August 25 IS9S— Unknown middle-aged and wen
dressed man: poison: at Stow Lake.
Beptember 7 1898— Unknown man, B about -«•
years old: drowned In Stow Lake: coat
on ground; initial on shirt *'J. S. o»
September : 12. IS9«-Charle« Welsner. ared 4«jj
Golden West Hotel; poisoned witlx mow
D^iember^ IS. ¦ 189S-Ron!n» ' Klalber, O*™«M
aped 42. 6J3 Broadway; hanged h«H
self to door of ladles* cottar* with bind-.
'¦', Ing of 'her skirt. ' •< . ;
January 19. IS9»-Henry Donahu*. •«^ «V
Canadian: pistol, and -bottl* of , ¦ whltkjf,
beside corpse. " ". ' . _ , , !
March 3 1839— Morris A. Levy, a red tl. tlnglv
• elerk.ll3s Geary atreet; runshot throuei
April 8/ r iMS— Andrew Peterson. . aged 40; Nor
weglan mariner; carbolic add. . .
July 4. 189&-S. , R. Davis.- 1002 Mission ttre«t|
Bepte^ber 11 ?. 183»-A. Klntr. ased 41 -uatlv* ot
6 Ireland, married, clerk,' 1U D« Loni iv».
nue; runshot- through head. •. .
•eptember 21. 1899— J. J. McManua. . ax*4 * 14,
married, merchant: gunshot,^ .
October 3 IS99— Unknown man' found - deadf
rusty revolver beside corpse; dead hd4
months. ' '
Kovember 20 1899— Robert Menter. aged JO; pot*
son. • . ¦ ' " . ¦¦ i
January 23 19C0— May Brown, attempted potaoa*
In* near music stand: may recover. ¦•_
February 2, 19C0— Amy Murphy, ared 17. IO
Lacuna street: suicide by gunshot In head;
despondency caused by ; unmanly . treat*
xuent o; deceased by one Horace PouHa.
Complete List of Suicides in the Park,
from July, 1890, to the Present Dale.
ventures turned oul "disastrously. ~Tb9 ,
muchee bad." said Lum Chow; "all 11* I
go dead." And dead he. went, making
sure, that he did so by the double assur
ance of hanging and shooting. The de
spondent Celestial climbed a tree, tied a.
rope around the branch, adjusted the
other end about his neck and then shot
himself off his perch. He was as dead as
the proverbial doornail when they found;
him shortly afterward.
Insanity has Its victims., A number of
cases, according to the verdict on the
Coroner's books, were due to "temporary
aberration." One poor fellow, leaving his
•work on the city's cobblestones, took with
him a revolver and went out to the park,
where he shot himself through the head,
having' written a note with the words, "I
believe I am going Insane in my head.'*
The wobbling signature gave his name a»
"A. King."
One of the unidentified scrawled on ¦
rough piece of paper, "I am tired of Uv«i
Ing; it is all eft,' and sent a bullet through,
his head.
Some little boys were playing about lH
the park one spring day. In the intrica
cies of "hide-and-seek" two of them
crawled up under some bushes on a hill
side. While breathlessly waiting for a
chance to "run home," all alert for the
approach of the one who was "it." they
chanced to see a roughly shod foot stick-
Ing out of the shrubbery.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE" little honse imfier the graft"
was calling to Amy Murphy out
among the green trees In the park.
The dark branches were waving 1
and adding their whispers to the
call, so ehe killed herself.
Within th« peet ten years there has
been over & thousand other* in the city
cf Ean Francisco who have. listened to the;
same oall and added an item to tbe long
I!st of Incidents of record on the Morgue
books. Gome of them have left messages,
others have ventured eflently, taking*
thtir sorrows and troubles with them and
depriving the busy public of a s!gh and
a comment. Some have been identified by
atxlous friends or grieving relatives;'
ethers have silently awaited the lapse of
allotted time upon the cold slabs of the
Morgue, unclaimed and ;mr<i!>co«jnlr.e>l. an«X
added arothei incident to the "unknown*
Hrt.
The tuJdfies of Ban Francisco chooMl
various places and various means of end"
lr.g their lives. Down where the water>
¦waahes restlessly around the wharves and
docks they wander about, wavering; then
the tlfi* bears a soulless burden awajj
•with the ebb.
Out at the ellS the wires run high an£
the madness of the sea gets Into the)
heart and the brain of the troubled. Then
there is the plodding ferry boat— a dashi
and a plur.ge end the careless crowd of *
moment ago !s tranflxed with horror, but
the bay is deep and curiosity is futile.
For these whose minds turn to poison* 1
and self-inflicted violence there are the
gloomy rooms of lodging-houses and the.
park.
The park, with its luxury of trees,
shrubbery and green gra*». eeems to ap
peal etrongly to the troubled philosopher
•who seeks to rid himself of what he
deems a burden. To the tesement-cro'trd
ed. overburdened suicide, it? playhouse
*nrt of world is a painful contrast. Along
the driveways there Is a <".ash of carriages
and the cay hoof-beatir.gr of pleasure
erekir.g eo.uestriars. end drifts of happy
lauphter float in from careless idlers. The
S^eam cf a bit of sunshine turned away
by the cold *teel of a client little weapon
supgesis a way to even up the balance.
Maybe it's an ugly little bottle, with a
ekull and crossbone? pasted upon it that
Is hidden away in the bosom of the brood
er ov«»r his troubles: maybe it's a keen,
tharp knife. »ith a shining blade. What
ever It is it grows more precious to him
Kith the slant of the sun's rays, and
whfn the shadows hover around him
thick he gets the courage.
Of the eleven hundred and odd suicides
on the San Frcncisco records of the past
ten years. e!phty-seven have occurred in
Golden Gate Park— about one out of every
twelve.
Certain Thomson of the Park Police
keeps an official "accident" book and the
memoranda of suicides go down in it with
fiata of runaways, collisions and other
everyday occurrences.
The tragedy of Amy Murphy follows the
record cf other tragedies, and will be fol
lowed by those that are to come. There
are some remarkable cases on the list
vrlthSn the memory of Captain Thomson,
among them that of a poor, friendless
cM woman whose Ingenuity supplied a
rnear.s cf death when she found herself
penniless and unabl* to purchase an ln-
JhoieJrinorpTsrae as the means of ridding*
himself of this world's troubles.
In.ISD3 thefe was a pretty young girl
found lying with her white face turned;
to the skies. Her name was Ida R.iab.
and she had quarreled with the man sh»
loved. . She had wandered about the park
all afternoon, and when the hush of night
brought courage for the deed she swal
lowed the drops of poison that stilled thai
weary heart.
The list cf park suicides does not con
tain the names of many women. For
some reason the largest percentage of
women suicides is among the number
drowned in the bay.
Many of the suicides are not discovered
nntll too late for identification. It seem*
to be a common Instinct with them to
seek unfrequented and isolated spots.
Whether they go away into such places
to brood undisturbed over "their troubles
•r whether they fear to be interfered with
Is a matter of conjecture, but the fact of
their seeking out lonely and hidden place*
accounts for the large percentage of un
discovered and unrecognizable suicides.
An "unknown" old man was some years
ago found in a clump of shrubbery. The
blade cf a rusty old Jack-knife was stuck
through a rough, warped piece of card
board, on which there was a faint trac
ing of the words. "It ain't no use a l!vtn\*"
Just what trouble or sorrow had 'brought
the poor, despondent old can to that un
happy conclusion no one will ever know,
for he held his own counsel, and the rusty
old revolver beside him helped him to put
his philosophy into practice.
H Death is a thing of dread to the unpre
judiced. To the human contemplation It
Is a mystery and a fear, but there are
those to whom its mystery and its fear
seem less than the scourges that urgo
them on. Ean Francisco has had over a
thousand such within the past ten years.
Individual trouble and individual sorrow
has been ended by some eleven hundred
Individual hands, and the world waga oat
la accordance wlthlts usual custom. -
'*^osb-Mreep.' r "wWfp€Ted en*
**L«f i uj give, his foot * yank.** sa!3 a a
other.
They «sid «o. and looked at «aoh eth«?
strangely when It dropped back splrltles*
and In a lifeless manner. They crept *
little nearer and, saw th» face- and form.
In wide-eyed fear they stared a moment,
then scrambled out and ran as fast a*
their lees would carry them, heedless of
the triumphant yells of the boy who wu
"it.** They had a conference, and thea
they circled widely and approached an of
ficer they happened to see. Between them
they managed to convey their news and
point out the location of what they had
¦een. It was a pcor Swede who had "yust
cot tired o' llvln" " and had cut his throat
with a rusty razor.
Among the victims of the popular cya
nide of potassium there remains an unex
plained mystery and sn account of soms
US and Jewelry In favor of tho undiscov
ered heirs. The suicide was found nea?
the main driveway with a bottle- of ths
poison In his hand, the money In his
pocket, a gold watch and chain and scm*
ring* of value. He was neatly dressed la
a array business suit and had an empty*
envelope In his pocket, which had passed
through the malls and from which a lot
ter had evidently been removed. It was
addressed to "Gustave J. Lamblot. San,
Franlcsco." No Inquiries were ever made,
and the stranger was burled unidentified)
In the city's plot.
? similar case was that of a suicide
found on one of the benches near the mu
sic stand. The name of the unfortunate,
as denoted by papers about his person,
was Ernest Mentzel of Denver. Colo.
When found he was dressed neatly, had
money In his pockets and wore a pold
watch, which was still running. His hands
were delicate and white and the fingers
tapering*. Nothing could be learned of him
And no communication was ever received
from friends or relatives. The reason for
his despondency, or whatever prompted
his death, he evidently preferred to keep
to himself. He left no message.
In the summer of 1597 a despondent dry
goods clerk poisoned himself near the lak«
In Golden Gate Park, having become tired
of poverty and ill luck. His name wa«
John Hopkins, and statements previous to
his death disclosed his motives as being
prompted by a feeling of being "down on
his luck." A year after hla self-inflicted
death a relative In Illinois died, leavtnff
to the suicide a fortune of some thousands
of dollars. Inquiry as to the whereabouts
of the heir led to the dicovery of a brief
Item In the Coroner's book and a lunel/
grave In the city's burying ground.
In 1890 an old man was observed wan
dering about In the. park every day.
He would start and walk away guiltily
whenever an officer approached, and
seemed to be brooding over some trouble.
One day they found him dead, the result
cf a dose of carbolic acid, with an awk
wardly scrawled note, which said: "I
done It myself. I am tired of living." Th«
¦crawl was signed "John Elftmar.."
Henry Schneider was a young druggist.
with a promising career ah-iad of him.
Unfortunately he became a victim of an
unaccountable melancholia, and one day
they found him dead under the trees of
the- park. In twenty-one years he had
lived as long as he desired to, and he had
THE PARK SUICIDES
3Neptune, who is obliged to wield his tri
dent over several square yards of bunt-
Ing ccean. The reason that Mamie's tall
est brother will wear long black hair I*
that he will be Pocahontas for. Mirdi
Gras night and must fling himself be
twfen death and Captain Smith for sev
eral twisting- miles of Sacramento streets.
Floral Day will see everybody's carriage
dressed in Sunday best. There will bo
red ro.-e bug?iea and pink rose ouggies
and the sweet peas will be on hand to
decorate wheels and tongues and bridles.
Bicycles will be twined in all the Rowers
that May day brings. One bicycle Is al
ready planned for; It will be dressed in
white sweet pea* and made to represent
a sea gull with Happing wings outspread.
Others will be shaded by flower umbrellas
and propelled by floral persons. There
will be .burros and horses wearing flower
blankets aiid saddles, and the parade will
dwindle from rumbling ccaches down to
the tiniest go cart in all Sacramento.
Prizes v.ill be arranged for the coaches.
Society girls will occupy them— the
coaches that they will have decorated
with their own hands. Schools will dis
play rival turnouts.
The concluding b*!» will take place at
the great pavilion in which the State
Fair is held. King Rex will march thither
aiter his parade is over and the laat
night' 3 gayeties will commence. Masks
will invite, masks will tease, masks will
deceive. You will waltz, with Jack, be
lieving, him to be Fred, and he will fancy
you are only Mamie and so not bother to
reverse, whereas if he knew you were
Alice he would know you always insisted
—while you can't do so now because you
don't dare speak lest your voice give you
away. It is fun to be rinding out how h«
acts with Mamie, and the -fun becomes
more complex when you know that the
man you thought was the other tnought
you were the other, and therefore you
didn't rtnd out how the oth-r acted with
ihe ott.tr alter all.
After it ia all over— of course there will
be carriages to be dismantled and gar
land* to be torn down and— bills to pay.
Uut then there will be something to re
member—which someimns >»iv u« a royal
Ko<rl tlrnc.
A fancy Jress ball will wind up the
glortPcatum. This U% not as It was in tho
Hay* of the rebel Emperor Carauseuse.
2u7 A. IX It Is probably merrier than in
those day*. ICven the blase Emperor
miKi't have taken a rvnlcul nleasure tn
KheuthlnK himself in a pink domino ani
dolrui Uunss that an Emperor An. Eai
pcror's. rulkf may not do. But the 3*>r;i
in.in.. tair In v lineal descendant of bis
Idea, for all that. - ' ,
threatened vengeance if the townspeople
waited to build another hall. The pota
toes aii J pumpkins raid they would shrivel
and Che babies swore j they would grow
up. So thera was notnlng for it but'vto
turn the whole thing into a street fair.
IJoothb.wcre erected in the middle of the
ftreeti Fruits and vegetables and other
things tvere displayed <n.tne open air, and
people cacie'to-see.* Someway they liked
the idea. The breezes could blow and
Uecp them cool as they never could in a
stuffy hall." So the street fair came. to be
an annual celebration, 'iruwing thousands
of farmers from the surioundlrig country.
That was only nine years ago,, but even
In those fcv»' jcars tbe iilta has got loose.
¦*\ v ¦ .
Decatur fell in line and added a corn car
nivjal to the celebration; Louisville. Kan
sas; City. t)ts Molr.es, Akron. Buffalo and
Alabama cities d.d likewise. Terre Haute,
with a population of U.-yiO, boasts of 50,000
visitors on McKinley day.
At. last California is to have a street
fair 'of its own, lasting from April 30
through the following Saturday. It will
differ, a bit frcm ' "ye olde Englishe
Fayre," but there is no doubt about, its
being a ¦ lineal descendant.. The word
"fair" nowadays means an industrial ex
hibition with added amusement features.
The old fairs cf Europe were Immense
markets where- the products of all .the
world were' exhibited and edd. " Most of
the famous fajrs of medieval England
and Europe were grants from the sov
ereign to, abbots, bishops or other eccles
iastical dignitaries. The-first great Eng
lish fair is, said to have been the outcome
of an idea which popped Into the head
of. Carauseu3e. ' the ' rebel Emperor of
Britain. "This buying, is too troublesome
a business," he remarked one day m the
year 507 A. D. His eyebrows were tied
In a hard knot atop . of his nose, and
there 'were ditches: in his forehead.
"Bring me all the products of the world,'
he thundered. "Let me see them spread
out in * the 'highway that I may ride by
and inspect them. Slice an ear off
the" head of every farmer wno refuses to
bring h!s goods. to the fair."
, Then Carauseuse untied his eyebrows
and smiled- a blase smile at the thought
of what was In store for him.
The ilayor of Sacramento has been do
ing a similar act. "Bring forth your po
tatoes and pumpkins and fat babies." he
has thundered. "Let us see them' gathered
In the highway." Sacramento has several
highways, being a different style of town
from that ot ancient Britain,- and the
final choice is L street— that is. for the
merchants' booth. ..The .whole fair and
carnival will be spread over the streets
surrounding the Capitol building. Com
mencing on L street at Tenth the mer
chants' booths will -reach for five blocks
east and west and some will be on N
street. The space from L to. N on.Fif
teenth street will be utilized for band
stands and free exhibitions by vaudeville
performers— not- the "step-up-ladies-and
senilemen-only-five-cents" . kind. but
really free bowery songs and ragtime
babies.' Whether it co's.ts more to get. out
of these attractive tents than to get *n
is not yet announced;
AtHhe bottom of oil the complex ar
rangements stands the executive commit
tee of the State Fair Club. They, have
been in communication with the Mayors
of Eastern cities where street, fairs have
been held In order to learn the newest
kinks, which are. in truth, nothing but the
oldest, for the greatest novelty , ,tnat a
street fair can beast- is, the reproduction
of come ancient-and forgotten custom. I.
G. Mooser was appointed as dlrectoi gen
eral. The executive committee Includes,
besides the Mayor, representative business
men who are members of the Chamber of
Commerce.
• .• V
The falls at Folsom furnish Sacramento
thousands of volts of electricity that will
be utilized in a" plan ' for Illumination.
Lights-will gleam from the Capitol build
ing and from all the trees and shruboery
of the park.
The plans for the six days of celebration
are already laid. The first will be devoted
to the reception of visiting Elks.' Odd Fel
lows, Masons and Native Sons. Every
city of the State willsend a band. Thesa
bands will take part in the parades sand
wiched between floats, whereupon spang
led ladies will prettnd to be trie heroines
of history and the symbols of Industry. ..,
va floral celebration will occupy another
.of the six days— floral parade, rose'hartLi
•and May queen. The iast day will te a
? "¦ FIRST FAIR OF THIS KIND:
: ' 'svei net© W wuwifl.
carnival in European style, with mask*
and dominos abroad to deceive. At ;» in
the evening King Rex will enter th-: city
at the head of his retinue, while al: the
little children .In the streets will open
their mouths in wonder and all <ne
parents will grow cross answering ques
tions.
The carnival will be a combination of all
the Italian carnivals, the Ntfw Orleans
Mardi Gras, the St. Louis Veiled Propri't.s
the Kansas City Priests of Pailas anl tl.o
California fiestas that ever flaunted their
glories and blew their own trumpets
through American streets. .It wil! be mad
and merry, and the prunes and Dtisms
people had better stay '. where they be
long—at home. The free and easy trtya
of southern festivals have been creeping
into American rejoicings 'for some cinie
past. The New Orleans llardi 3r«ts
learned long ago of Italy. Los Aagt&ta
ran riot during its fiesta of IS3T. San Fran
cisco h^as felt the intoxication of lavle33
merriment — there was a taste of it last
summer at the volunteers* home-coming,
and the new year was furiously ushered
in. Sacramento will be no more reckless,
but far more splendid.
Confetti throwing will be imitated. You
will have a right to throw all the tardy
you like at anybody you like., and you
will have to be nice about all that i*
thrown back at you. There is a ro?e show
er coming- down on your head from thi
window above, and there Is nothing to be
seen but a flirt of a vanishing sown when
you look up, and nothing to be heard but
a laugh. From the next window you n'.ay
receive a shower of peanut shells, and
there will be only a glimpse and a laugh
behind them likewise.
The parade will be .at nisrnt. and will
carry along tts own daylight in the form
of Greek fire. Domino-clad figures will
march beside the floats, carrying torches
of the colored Greek . fire. Lights will
flame from the floats themselves— from
what Cable calls the "tableaux drawn on
cars."
There Is no telling which of one's rela
tives may be recognized In these ta
bleaux. There will be enough people on
the different ants to fill half of an Inte
rior town, and they wm be attired °u»
never before. Uncle Jack will wiar thw
flowing robe of Liberty— he chose to Im
personate her because of his straight rtoae
and majestic forehead. Annie at the next
enrmer -alii -teeesulze Papa In the puffy
THE StTNl>Ar :. CAIjIi.
<5vX>E O!<V Ei:;Mshe Fayre" has gone
thiougii a process of evolution.
il Sacramento is to see its outcome. .
Ob April 33 the fln>t street fair of
California will take place. It !s a novelty
on tfci* I'aciHc Co.iKt. although it does not
originate here.
It u^s in Vocdtrsburg. Ind..that the first
American street f=.ir tcok place. Once
upon a time Veedersburg was maklnj
preparations fcr a fair of the uma! kind—
potati-**, p.nd pumpkins and blue-ribbon
• uliUn displayed i;i row» in a public hall.
Uut fc^r.inhir.c inconvenient happened just
•« #vi-r> thins was ready: the hall burned
Tfcln mii very erabarra«ing. The ;>o-
Ulcc* Vend pumpkins «nd babies all
4
SACRAMENTO TREET CARNIVALnow standing may be > forced * to ¦. come *
down. Every, blow of the ax, ls. a menace :
to. the future beauty of. the college. . ;
The cypress are the least valuable to -
of 'the", matter. * It" should 09 considered
from 'the 'standpoint of the beautiful as
weU ias-practical. -Save {he pine and eu
calyptus though the cypress fa 11.;,. ..
believe that In even* case cypress shotiM
be cut to save the other trees. This cut
tins seems untimely to me. Why not -wait
until the new buildings are located?
. Tirst— Ntunbers are being cut con
vtantly in many parts of the grounds.
Second — By the order of Captain
Kellner on .the authority of Presi
dent Wheeler.
Third — Reasons given:
(a) Thinning out of trees for
the improvement of those remaining.
(b) To admit sunlight to the uni
versity cottages and observatory. ;
(c) To afford an unobstructed view
from the. observatory. . X'v^l^H'*
(d) For the placing of telephone
poles . and- wires. .
Under heading A It must be said that In
most cases the wrong trees have been re
moved and the' number far exceeds tha
necessity. The groves ,and - scattered
, croups about the grounds consist mainly
of - the- Monterey pine, cypress, and : the
eucalyptus," planted In the early '70's..
On the authority, of a specialist on Cali
fornia trees, ¦ the ; cyprees transplanted s in
thelnterior is found to reach Its iprlme »>t
about thirty years and'from thattinio
on the life of the tree Is'on'.theidectine.'
Though this is not- altogether true :of . the
Berkeley cypress; the fact, remains .that .it
is too late for our mature, cypress '•to're
spond to- added breathing room.v- They,
cannot possibly redeem, themselves.'. :¦ .;¦•*
In contrast to this our. splendid pine'has
added size and beauty with - added \ years
and space," and the eucalyptus, a native
{of : Australia, ' grows to giant : size , through
•an endless numbfr, of years..
• In the ruthless destruction now going on
,'n • almost every, instance the eucalyptus
has been sacrificed; the decadent cypr*rs
Vemalns. The : men . employed to cut the
trees' are allowed to sell the: wood. -Doe*
?his perquisite . influence the '' selection of
plne-and eucalyptus 'for firewood, rather
jinan'- the cypress, which nobody burns? \ .
I B-^In the caae of admitting sunlight th«
•buildings under consideration are wlthovt
•exception one story, without basement.
.The superb pine tree on Allstonway, the
delight of the neighborhood,, needed but
to be trimmed high to admit all available
Bunllght. 'All that remains of it is an. un
sightly stump. J flanked by . .the >.fami'y
washing. : which before was" shielded < from
/public gaze. - - -ix&SP&tmS&S^'Jft&tit&Eptiigg,
I President Wheeler himself admitted that
the extensive clearing ; about • the observa
tory was -greater than was 1 - Intended. A
row of. plne ; Btump« .Instead -• of nplendid
trcesjfollows thoLeantern 1 end: of the-ol>
•ervatory-—a wall. unbrokenby window of
any sort. Was this also to let In th«
light? ;¦ ¦ , ¦:
'.; .' •¦-.,* » • • •
C— The observatory" In * the -proposed)
plans Is located on a hill above -Founders'
Rock and ks .splendid grove, against
which the ax Is nowdirectcd. Its presen<
location Is ¦ therefore but temporary. ¦. anil
iyet. for the »ak« of gaining a better tel.
rscoplc.sweep, dozen«. of fine -trees 'havi;
b<»en sacrificed in" the last month. I;"
would seem tnat, as the giass nas bee.-)
[ma do to operate satisfactorily all then
! pant down years, It could survive arv :
other one or two for the take of thi
'precious trees that are our college her*
D— Under this necessity the wont -of'
THE SUNDAY GALL.
Mr. Qeorge jtansen.
hl£h, «aia by Juftyrs to be "one of the very
finest specimens in th« -whoJa grounds,"
haJ Ju*i been iel\*<l by Ke!lr:«r apparently
because it was twenty feet from en« of
shapely trees they must, be, thinned.
The cutting of the trees Is In charge of
Captain Kellner, superintendent of tlie
university .ground fcai ttt c?2?t2ia acts
under orders of higher, .authorities.. Since
President Wheeler's arrival he . him3elf
has personally sanctioned the cutting, of
the tree* ¦<¦¦¦'
Landscape , Architect ond Trey
'.Specialist. ,
x.feel most keenly 1 on this subject ana!
to-ould make my first point this: Grant
ing that. the : trees ,(. need thinning,' Mt
should not be done until the -new build
ings have been located. With, the cutting
going on v now, the very trees -removed
may be the ' ones that . coujd be saved
*buut the new buildings and the" ones
franh iOilson.
The Well-Known Berkeley Cap-
italist.
The trees on the grounds uniotrMMly
need thinning. The matfr Is in most com
petent hands, and I believe it should be
left entirely to them, without comment or
suggestions from outsiders.
John ffinckel.
fl Wealthy Resident of Classic
Berkeley.
Captain Kellner himself took mo over
the grounds to show just what has b«en
cut. Some crpress have been felled, but I
the cheap one-story cottages on "Allston
way. nearly opposite Stiles Hall, to the
west. This was a mistake. The old cot
tage would not sell for moving, away for
$250. and all four of the cottages must ap
parently go as soon as the improvements
in the grounds begin.
Just back of these cottages there was a
beautiful windirg lane leading In from
Oxford street, lined on both sides with
cypress and pine. It was much admired
by strangers. Within a month or so it
has nearly all disappeared by the ax,
only about a fraction of It remaining and
looking now commonplace — more like a
back (alley in a tenement district. The
dainty little clump of trees, slender and
exquisite as a bamboo grove, is also
doomed, I am told. t _ . .
Better chop down every ungrateful
cypress on the grounds and leave the re
sponsive pine and eucalyptus standing.
professor &. iO. Jfilgard,
Professor of Agriculture' In. th«
University of .California.
The trees on the university ground*
should have been thinned out long ago.
As they stand now. in tho struggle for
room and nourishment they are waging
war against each other. "It is necessary to
sacrifice some that others may live. A
number of trees were lately cut to get
a vista for the astronomers. The workcri
in the observatory have requested this for
years, but only recently were- sufficient
trees felled to give them the needed vista.
The trees on the university grounds were
originally planted much too thickly. A
lover of trees Is naturally loth to soe them
cut. but when it Is necessary ho doea not
hesitate. It is certainly urgent that w«
preserve some of our trees by laying low
oth»rp. If we want healthy, vigorou*.
The Commutes on Grounds for
the University of California Is
composed of Regents Mrs. Pheb©
A. Hearst. Mr. Denicke and J. B.
Reinstein.
ANY trees that are being cut
on the university grounds aro
. certainly felled for good and
sufficient reasons and under the
proper authority. The committee pa
grounds does not personally super
intend the cutting of the trees — it
would be absurd to imagine such a
thing. We have known for a lout*
time that the tree 3 were sadly in
need of thinning. Jlr. McLaren of
Golden Gate Park has several times
called my attention to the neces
sity.
In thinning the trees several may
have been cut which in the opinion
of some should have been left stand
ing. This is but the natural differ
ence of opinion that arises over an
undertaking of this sort in which a
number of people are interested.
There ere people so foolishly fond of
trees that they would have them re
main where they are decided nui
sances.
There may have bsen one or two
mistakes made in the selection of the
trees to be f3lled. I know nothing
of this personally. But I do know
that we have always stood firm for
the preservation of as many of the
trees as Is reasonable and pos
sible.
~ the'beauty'of the grounds. They are not
.-.•'•aV forest -tree, do not afford a background
; 'against the sky. line and also obstruct all
\ vlsjas.' '.,- Moreover, they have obtained
; their' mature size, and will not respond to
greater space as v.ill either eucalyptus or
-.pfne.'^'.We"' will; not miss them nor mourn
over. them. ¦
':'- -'And : finally may I present this point:
If a person is ill. he would not go for ad
¦'. vice" to' a- lawyer— nor :. would one who
wished to build a house consult a physi
cian:; Should the care and culture of
¦trees be placed In' the hands of a land
'sca-pe* artist, a specialist on stones or a
master -of the stars?
- \Tline* only, and twenty-five years at
; that. will. atone for a single mistake. A
knovt*Rdge and Insight deep enough to
v cope with this 'matter of the trees can
; only -be. the possession of a man who has
'made'it his life study. He alone. will be
¦ale from mistakes..^
}¦ . Charles jT. Keeter.
;Th« ; Celebrated, ; California Ornl
( : * thologist.
; Y> Trees!; melt before the. woodman's ax
: like snow in the sun.' The cutting of even
'.a- 'single tree is a matter for serious con
sideration, for once laid low it is years.
¦ If , ever," before another one can mark the
spot. It Is with daily regret that I walk
•.through the university grounds, ,for'al
mor-t: every morning I 'see an unsightly
stump where a pine or eu<*alyptus stood.
. ¦ It is plain to any one versed in the a b
. c'8 of forestry that . the trees on the
grounds need thinr.inp."
But' wo feel Justified in. objecting to the
•selection of trees. 'In almost all cases the
¦pine or eucalyptus has been cut while the
cypress escapes the woodchopper's ax.
We protest against the removal. of a pine
or eucalyptus for the benefit of a cypres?.
The cypress tree cannot be compared with
the pine or eucalyptus. The Monterey cy
• press on • the wind-swept, wave-washed
coast is very picturesque, but planted In
the interior it loses its beauty.
I think that a specialist, a man who
thoroughly understands the habits and
«l°wth of our trees, should have .charge
The Question of ' the
Day in University
Circles.
WOODMAN, spare that tree! is
the Berkeley cry that echoes
up hill and down dale. The
superintendent of the college grounds,
acting under authority, is thinning
out the trees. It is many a day sines
the Berkeleyites have been so ex
cited.
These for and against the cutting
ars busy arguing with each other and
with those who are neutral. It is
generally granted that the trees need
thinning, but the mooted question is
which ones to cut, and further 'tis
asked whether it is wise to cut any
trees until the new buildings are lo
cated. It is claimed that the ax has
been directed chiefly against the pine
End eucalyptus. Cut the cypress, pro
test the pine and eucalyptus lovers,
and straightway give reasons for
their preferences.
It is a "woody"' and wordy war
that is liktly to wage until the re
turn of President Wheeler.
The interest has reached such a
high-water mark that a summary of
the objections to the cutting of the
trees has httn prepared by those who
protest. This summary is given be-
Icw. and also a number of interviews
with people interested in the matter.
Captain Kellner.
Superintendent of the University
Grounds.
There is usually a spotted dog to throw
f tones at. and I happen to be handy. Peo
ple who say I favor the cypress are mis
taken. I like all trees. We've cut them
for various reasons— because they need
thinning, to give necessary light to build-
Ings and to gt-t a vista for the astrono
mers, cr hecau'p they were shading he-la
of the astronomical garden. etc.. . There
has been no cutting done without proper
authority.
Mr. J. P. Sunned.
One of Berkley's Most Pron>
inent Citizens.
In my opinion Superintendent Kellner.
by favoring the scraggy cypress tree and
cutting out in so many places the pines
and eucalyptus tree? where he wishes an
opening-, will soon give a cemetery look to
the university grounds. The cypress is
dense, branching in bush shape almost
from the ground up. and when the trunk
is trimmed looks like an inverted bush.
Trie center of the tree has generally a
dead look where it is crowded, the green
appearing only n«=ar the ends of the limbs
at the surface of the tree.
A tall and stately pine twenty-six inches
In diameter and about a hundred feet
Should Berkeley's Trees Cut?
Regent ßemsiemQi^es
}/tis J>dea About
the Affair.
5
A Statement of the Situation, Drawn
by Those Who Object to the Cut
._ tlgg of Trees on the Uni
versity Grounds.
They Have Submitted It to Tre«
Special Ists In and Out of Col
* lege Who Have Verified
the Data.
Pata furnished
by &hose 10 ho
Protest
vandalism has been committed.' A.pln«.
tree of splendid- proportions landing west ;
of the electrical building was selected a n< |
felled to give place to a pole ; for a. pro •
posed line.. It seemed to be done unneces "•
sarily, for the line could have been aime<>
a few feet to either right or left- wlthou.'
Interfering' in the. slightest :with l thi3:<oi.''
any. other tree. The pine stump;remaini:
to prove this fact. ¦ ¦ • •
v In 'another, instance • two sacred oaJq;
thought to be above desecration have beef.,
violated by iiaving a section of heavy fo
liage removed— a pitiful hollow — that'wlrer
might; havie right of way through; It. •*< J
higher , pole .would have .lifted -..the • win;
above the tree, and, as the oak'grows out
instead'of,up, the pole wouldhave a gooO
twenty-five years of security.- , '? ,• .-".
At. the Dana-street entrance an,electrV
wire- from the car line encircles a-pirn
tree, and In consequence t^e'tree is choky
Ing to;death. ; . . _,:- ¦,-.->
From the foregoing data.it lslclear-thai;
the cutting and preserving of any and all
trees on: the grounds should be- under th»
direct and personal supervision" of -a- trei;
specialist. ¦ and not * a man • whoso ¦ work 1 U
along; other botanical lines. . -!By Genevieve Green.
PERHAPS no place on the face of
the earth are tho people less la
touch with the Fplrlt of the nine
teenth century, to Fay nothing of
the twentieth, than in the heart of
the Pyrenees. I do not refer to their ig
norance of electric lights, of steam plows
r.-.itl automobiles, although the Flow-go
ing oxen are yet in favor for transporta
tion and- the sickle hars never been re
piaced by any worthier implement. Prim
itive as these "things may be, they answer
the purpose, for time Is not precious In
the Pyrenees. What renders the country
most extraordinary and unique is the In
fantile naivete, the ¦ altogether medieval
simplicity of the people. .The two great
periods of the Kenaissance and ' the Ref
ormation have left no trace In the Pyre
nees. Here It is still the , middle ages
¦with all of the mysticism, all of the
miraculous intervention, all of the self
abnegation. The most ardent believers In
other pa/ts of the world are quite unani
mous in the decision that the day of mira
cles Is over, that the necessity for them
is part, but a true Pyrenean would look
cghast at such a statement. In his coun
try miracles are performed every day,
¦while apparitions of the paints and angels'
visitations occur with surprising fre
quency. The Grotto of Lourdes, though
of course the most famous. Is not by any
means the only place In this favored re
gion -where wonders are performed. Only
two or three years ago a woman of the
Carmelite order, aged 18. died in the odor
of sanctity. Since her death the greatest
marvels have been accomplished with
remnants of her clothes. The clck of every
description are cured by touching; her
garments, and the cell which ehe occu
pied has now become the object of pious
pilgrlrrages from far and near. Strange
to say, although innumerable pieces have
been cut away from the garments to send
to the sick who wer* unable to make the
pilgrimage, they are not in the least di
minished, growing miraculously on each
occasion to their original 6ize and form.
But greatest and most beautiful marvel
cf all. In the cell where she Uvd and died
angels sing perpetually. That this Is true,
I have the testimony of a pious old lady,
wooden spoon and a napkin. I must con
fess that In visiting this department" I
marveled at the presence of the napkins.
Of snowy whiteness, they seemed a trifle ,
luxurious, accompanying the earthen cup •
and the wooden spoon, J and when -I •
thought of the bread and water diet they
teemed a trifle superfluous. However, let
us hope that a generous and merciful
Divinity will pardon this Indulgence on
the part of the Bernardlnes. »
At every few steps In tbo convent hangs
some Inscription In huge black letters
which contains the word "Death." It. ls
Impossible to forget for one moment one's
Inevitable destiny. "Are you prepared?
This hour may. be your last. Reflect on
Death,". ls a sample of the Inscriptions.
Another one that I noticed was to this
effect, ' "That* you may not sin because
you have beautiful hair,* cut If off. Beau
: tlful eyes and fa beautiful face have
caused much sin. Detest them, and think
about '= Death. 'V .
The nuns', cemetery is within the con-
vent liiclosure and is the favorite resort
of the . Bernardines. Here they prom
enade, praying for the dead, and at 4
o'clock every day, each one digs a shovel
ful'of earth from her own grave.- *
As the, Bernardines, are vowed never to
speak a word, the Servants of Mary, at
tend to all of their necessities for. them,
which I presume are not numerous, re
membering that the baker and the water
carrier are the only venders who are wel-,
corned. at the back door of the Bernar-,
dines. J"-\
The Servants of Mary have a more!
who heard the angello voices. "Oh, It
was wonderful, superb,'.' she said to me,
her cheeks burning with ecstacy. at the
bare recollection. "I thought that I
should die of .Joy. When I first entered
the c*»Il I heard nothing at all," she went
on ardently, "and - a great sorrow pos
sessed me. I thought that I was not good
enough to hear the heavenly voices. Then
I fell on my knees and I prayed our dear
Lord to pardon all ray sins. I was disap
pointed because the angels did not sing:
to mo. but I struck my..'breast and said:
'Lord, thy will tip done. , lam not worthy
of this great happiness. Thy. blessed will
be done.' Then as I prayed and prayed
with all the fervor of my boul I seemed to
fall Into a sort •of ecstacy, and air of a
sudden I heard ; the angeilo voices. At
first they were indistinct, as though com
ing from a distance, then- they approached
convents, one a sort of accessory to the
other, but both of more than ordinary. In
terest. They are shut off from the outside
world by a row of purple^ hills the
sun • falls to . rest, . the only suggestion of
the 'hand of man within their -.vista being
the towers ' of > the Bayonne cathedral,
which rear their, crosses aboyethe lowest
hill. One of the convents is the home of
the Bernardines, .the other »ls conducted
by the Servants of Mary. The'Bernar
dines, from the time that they; enter till
they die, speak never; a word except, to
their confessor. ' They spend their time in
meditating on death, In ( contemplating
skulls and In digging their own -'graves.
In their midst are many Princesses and
Countesses. In fact, nearly all of tha Ber
nardines, they tell me, are of very, high
degree. Tho convent was originated ;.bout
¦lxty-flve years ago by several dlotln-
nardlne Jowered her, head and hesitated,
when the abbe kindly remarked to her,
"My dear child, obedience is; a great vir
tue, and It Is the Emperor who commands
you." Whereupon the nun lifted her veil
and stood blushing before . the scrutiniz
ing gaze of >the'Emperor. ¦' -"• ;\'; >J
"Mon - Dleu !"^he exclaimed; vehemently,
"she's the loveliest woman I have ever
seen and notmore than eighteen years of
age. If you believe, my abbe, that God
made ;a mouth' as red'' and' delicious ' as
that one to hide behind a hideous black
yell,. you have more faith. than I." - ,
Tradition, has It that the Emperor was
so. enraged at' the -thought oft so much
hidden loveliness " that- it required all the
persuasive ' eloquence ot the abbe to • keep
him from" forcing . the" nuns ; to
their, retreat.; c " '. ; , , ~ -
The primitive cabins of the Bernardines
practical, and, in the eyes of the pro
fane, a more important • mission in life
than' the •-Bernardines. They afford a
shelter^ for ; fallen women who may feel
disposed to repent and to lead honest
lives. The convent presents the busiest
scene Imaginable, the women being occu
pied at all sorts of trades, even shoe
making. ' By means of its many indus
tries the institution is entirely self-sup
porting. The most, beautiful embroideries
and laces and all kinds of exquisite hand
work may here be obtained. But nothing
did I find so touching as thesight of the
penitents working in the fields.: Clothed
In short dresses of coarse blue serge,
.thick-soled shoes and ugly, rough straw
hats, plowing the fields, driving the
oxen and digging the soil are some of the
most famous deznl-mondalnes that Paris
has known. There are women among
them who have worn the Jewels of klnsrs.
praying for admittance. 8h» had dia
monds on her wrists, on her fingers and
In her ears. These she took oft Impet
uously and threw on the ground before
her. saying. 'I hate them; I loathe them/
Now the penances that she Inflicts on her
self are extraordinary. She sleeps on a
board, wears a hair shirt and Is an un
tiring worker. I have no doubt that she
will one day be a very great saint."
"Who could doubt it? The most ordinary
observer could tell on looking et her that
she must be one thing or the other. Sh»
who had been no milk-and-water sinner
would Just as surely be no milk-and-water
saint.
We stayed till the sun had set behind
the hills. Then the cow bells tinkled
and we saw the penitents driving homo
the patient beasts.
It was all peace, perfect, beautiful—
"that peace that the world as w«
know it cannot give!"
An * average waltz takes a
L dancer over about three-quar
jL ters of a mile; a square dano
55k makes her cover half a mile. A
«jy\ girl with a well filled pro
t^//\ gramme travels thus in one
€g^jL evening: Twelve waltzes.
§Ki^B^ nine miles; four other
dance* at half a mil*
9^/lkvV . apiece, which is hard-
lv a * alrl y b! s estl "
cr=g£*\^k mate, two miles
more; the inter
\\.^V mission ptroll ar.'l
vZz))J\ m KvV^^. the trir3 to t
-^g^^?/lI\A cressln? room t ¦>
\^^y/ • B I*\ renovate her
¦^«mII Ia A \ complexion.
yet exist and ; are yet occupied, although
a more imposing edifice has grown up
around them. All of the cells are In thef
ground with simple sand floors, bare/
boards being too great a luxury. The re-;
fectory also is minus a floor. The long 1
tables are of the coarsest, roughest wood, j
and at each placo are an earthen cup, 9
nearer anfi nearer, and finally burst Into ¦»
a grand majestic chorus. I heard the
sound of many organs and harps and vio
lins, ' but the singing was heaven Itself.
It seemed to me like the roar of the ocean,
the song of the nightingale, the whisper
ings of the wind and the voices of chil
dren that I have loved, all blended to
gether. Ah, I shall never forget It!"
The old lady stopped for breath, and. I
! locked -at her enviously. That she had
heard the angelic. voices I did not for one
moment doubt. Gentle and kind, child
like and ecstatic, I felt even as I looked. at
her that the angels were sjnging in her
heart.
. As an outcome of this medieval disposi
tion which predominates convents
throughout the Pyrenees are very numer
ous; the hills and valleys are. simply full
of them, most of them ' being conducted
not by such orders as the Sisters of Mercy
or the Sisters of Charity, whose work in
co well known and appreciated the -wide
world over, but rather by contemplative
orders like the Carmelites and the Ber
nardines, who are pledged to eternal si
lence, and whose only duties are prayer
and mortification.
Several miles from Bayonne, In a region
Jonely but divinely picturesque, stand Cro
gulshed 'ladies, who, ¦scorning the world
and 1 all of" its pomps, withdrew to the soil-' 1
tude, of the hills to better give them
selves to God., With their own hands they
built. a few cabins wherein the only fur
nishings were a board and a straw pillow;
for each to sleep on and the only decora
tlons'skulls and crossbones. ; The fame of
these ¦ holy women spreading throughout
the country, applications to Join them
were numerous;; bo that in time quite 'a
little group of c,abins:was visible on th«
hillside. 1 Each person entering was re
quired" to h,ave enough of a fortune to sup
port herself In this fashion for the rest of
her daysi for/no, bread-winning was al
lowed among the Bernardines. They wer«
there to meditate, to pray, to adore and
to glorify God and to atone in some mcas-;
ure by excessive mortification for the sins
of the world. As their only diet wai
bread and water the entrance fee was not
exorbitant.
During the reign of Napoleon 111 he and
the Empress Eugenic often came to Biar
ritz, where they had built a beautiful aura-,
mer palace. The Emperor heard of tha
Bernardlne ' retreat in the loneliness of
the hills and determined to visit It. In
fact, ' It', appears '.that one of the ladled
well known at;hls court had abandoned'
the pleasures of, Imperial favor for this
life of prayer. and mortification. Atith«
command of the > Emperor,- a well-known
abbe"escorted the imperial party to tha-
Bernardino retreat. There was consterna
tion in the cabins when the distinguished
visitors arrived, for It, was one of their
vows that no man should ever, behold the
face of a Bernardlne. But, quickly they
drew their veils and- appeared before the
Emperor enveloped . like mummies.
"I'll bet that they're all old -and ugly,"
the. Emperor remarked, merrily, to the
abbe, "or else they would never cover
themselves "in" that fashion. A pretty
woman always finds some way of reveal
ing her loveliness. It's as natural to her
as It is to breathe." •
1 "I do not know,", said the abbe. "They
make their confessions to us, but we
Inever see them."
"Well, we'll find out,". said the Em
jperor, and turning to one of the nuns he
commanded her to lift her veil. The Ber-
The Bernardines in the Heart Of Pyrenees
¦A CONVENT
WHOSE
GRAVES
AND ALSO
ARE PERHIT
TED TO
DIG THEIR
OWN
ON ANY
ACCOUNT
WVTH ANY
PERSON.
Many of these penitents are now old.
but not all of them by any means. Un
der the ugly straw hats I saw bright eyes
and rosy cheeks that yet could do their
chare of mischief in the world. V»'e were
silently watching the penitents at their
work, when the convent bell rang for
hourly prayer. Instantly they fell on their
knees, while the beasts stopped without
one word of command, seeming to bow
their heads as if joining in the act of
adoration. It was a Millet picture, yet a
far deeper pathos than the brush of Mil
let has ever suggested.
For women of this description, coming
from the heat and glare of great cities,
from stuffy dens of vice and iniquity,
what a sweet penitence it must be, this
life In the open air, with the .trees and the
plants, .the purple hills and the setting
eun!
During the prayer we noticed one young
penitent who bowed her head lower than
any of tho others, who struck her breast
and in every manner displayed a greater
fervor. Her jet black hair, twisted into
as hard a knot as possible, yet showed It-
relf of rare abundance, while around her
fare played a row of unmanageable curls.
As she ruse from her knees she raised
her eyes and we raw that tney were black
as night] She was a beauty of tltf- Span
ish type, in every respect a perfect Car
men.
When we joined the little nun who had
been detailed to chow us the convent I
ventured to ask her about this penitent.
"Oh, every visitor asks about her." she
answered. "Poor child. She has an un
fortunate beauty that attracts a great
deal cf attention. Spanish people are al
ways very curious about her. At one
time she was a famous character in Mad
rid, a great sinner. I might add. but now
1 think that she is a great saint. For a
long time her name was connected with
that of a well-known Spanish nobleman,
and It appears she tried to kill his wife,
of whom she was furiously Jealous. Duds
were fought about her and several men
were killed on her account. One day.
without ar.y Known reason except the
grace of God. she abandoned her life of
Bin and presented herself at the convent.
THJS SLTNDAY CAlip.
6¦he arrived In oar city.
Little by little she ha 3 grswn ose«J to
the new Iff*, and now. after almost thre«
years of It, she is livin? a contented lifo
that San Francisco knows almost nothing
of. Mo«!t San .Franciscans Jo not even, t
know that there is such a person as lira.
Ho Vow.
Her home occupies the entire second
story of th« Consulate building. She
never goes downstairs except to enter a
carriage.
Her rooms are furnished In Chinese
fashion. Americanisms have crept in
below In the form of plush chairs and
Brussels carpets, but Mrs. Ho Vow
does not take uy these ideas.
She and her son are waited upon by
women. "She i? kind." they say. "Sh<»
does not speak sharply when we break
the stick of a fan or misplace a hair
ornament." In her kitchen are men
who do the cooking and dishwashing.
"She Is most particular about th*
chicken being tender." says the head
cook, "but she never scolds when It
falls to be, for she says it is then
I the fault of the chicken and not of
I the cook."
il Mrs. Ho Tow is kept busy in
II looking: after the house and the
II email Fun. He has arrived at
ill ¦ years of irrepresslbility and is the
111 more charming for that very
111 fact. In the morning comes hl3
111 American governess, who in
\\\ structs him along the lines of the
i 111 public school text books, and ho
| 111 slips easily over the squirrel les-
I ill son and bumps up against the
3 111 larkspur lesson Just as youns
S 111 America does.
S 111 The women who serve attend
S 111 to the hardest part of the sew-
SH 111 Ing done at home. Mrs. Ho
55 111 Yaw herself is a wonder at
J8« 111 embroidery- She has wrought
gjja ill marvelous cat's heads and
S§ ill gorgeous ¦ flowers upon sllp
2*2* \\\ pers worn by the men of her
-M household; and the purpla
__ iris on the black satin screen
at the head of the stairs is
the fruit of ber needle.
y* She never leaves th« hous^,
S Sl\ of course, except in a car
--^JfI riage. Sunny afternoona
// Hnd her'driving In the park.
// but she goes in a closed car
y/ riage and sees mors than she
.s seen. Besides these trips there
are calls to be made upon the rest
of the smart set— merchants' wives,
most of these are. But society never inter
feres with her h<jrne duties. The Hon. Ho
Vow finds her wilting smilingly for him
when the dry routine of statecraft is laid
away, and he likes to look forward to the
meeting. For Chinese husbands— did you
happen to know it?— are ideal, and therefor©
their wives are always loving and gentle.
Or Chinese wives are always loving an<i
gentle, therefore their husbands are Ideal.
As you like, it doesn't much matter. At
any rate the Ho Vow family Is a happy
THE leafier of Chinatown's smart set
lives in the big Stockton street
house. She is Mm. Ho Tow, th«
wife of the Chinese Consul General.
Downstairs dull office furniture
may be seen and railroad maps
hang on the walls, and the weary, dreary
mechanism of a modern telephone stares
out Here trrt» t'-onjul General. Ho Vow.
r«-etives visitors ami discusses affairs of
state. Upstairs is his other world.
Upstairs the teak wood chairs etand
about in rows. They are carved In black
intricacies that show in Oriental relief
ega:nst flaming embroideries all red, and
purple, and gold, and green. Here. In the
mid*=t of the teak wood and the 6ilk hang
ings, Mrs. Ho Vow toddles on tiny feet.
and Sui Fun. son of the Ho Vow house
hold, learn* and plays nnd is good and is
naughty after the manner of all sons of
ell households.
l>n yr-ars ago there was a distinguished
wadding in Hongkong. Ho Vow. fifth son
of the Rev. Ho Yang, was united in mar
riage with a Miss Sui, granddaughter of
on* of the lirst Chinese diplomats who
ever came to America. The affair was
as notable as such affairs ever are— at
bmt, Chinese brides are incidental, you
know.
If the thing haJ happened In America
the papers would have noted that Mr.
Ho Vow was from an English school,
having graduated as solicitor. He had
subsequently entered the law business
with his brother In Hongkong, and was
? riai-td in practice at the time of his
marriage. The papers would likewise nave not- . \\\ U
ed that the bride was magnificently gowned, . \\\ n
wore her hair dressed low and clasped with or-v \\\ he
naments, the gift of the groom. They would not\ \\\ hB
have considered it the thing to remark upon her» \\\ 9B
small feet, which are, nevertheless, an lmportantx \\\ HH
matter. They tell the story of Mrs. Ho Tow's \ \\\ TW
aristocrac>'. . \ \\\ wH
Seven years of her young 1 married Ufa were \ \\\ nQ
spent in China. Two daughters and a son came to '» \\\
bear her name of Bui, and they started to \ \\\ H|
grow up among the traditions and •in the '• \\\ W
land of their forefathers. They began their Chi- \\\ «
nese education under the maternal wing and then \\\ 1
came a day. when the wing had to be removed— from \\\ : 1
tha little girls, at any rate. \\\ i
Ho Vow was appointed Consul General to the ' \\\*
United States and told to pack his trunk and check it \\\
for San Francisco. This was an honor for any man, a/id \\\' ;
for one of hla age the hfcnor was unprecedented. It wa» '\\\
not a matter to be thought twice about, so Hon. H6 Vow \\\
thanked the proper authorities in Celestial rhetoric and^ \v
made ready tQ depart. ''^ : '* A\
The question arose as to what to do with the little folks. » ?\v
This question was not easily answered by their mother. \
It was plain enough that the little girls should be left '
behind, but It was n&t easy to leave them. Mrs. Ho Vow is,
above all things, domestic* Her home and her family are
very dear to her, and the good-by was hard. -But the girls
must be given a Chinese education. It was fitting to let Sul
Fun learn English, as his father had done before him, but for
young ladies— that was another matter. The old-fashioned
aristocracy of the houses Ho and Sul rebelled at overadvanced ,
Id* as. Where women are concerned the most radical Chinese
turns conservative. Therefore it was deiclded to leave Sui Sing
and her sister with their mother's mother in China. -
Mrs. Ho Vow tried to be cheerful for the sake of the two
who were with her. This is the way of home-makers the world
over. But for all that she was a very sorry little woman when
7)r. Sardner of tha 7/niosrsity
of California Stoes tha
jFfistory of the Jfco
2/o iv S'ami/y.
U TRANS-
H LflTiON
j OF THE
/ ABOVE
/ Chinese
/ motto. the
f FAVORITE
ONE OF
HON. HO VOW.
* '¦-¦• -
One Inch of Tlm«
fs Equivalent to co
Inch, or Cold. With
an Soch cf Cold it Is
Hard to Buy en Inch
cfllme. Should You
Lose Your Cold Some"
body Will Find It
Should You Lose Youi
Tims Nobody Cai;
<** -» ON. HO YOU', our Chinese Con-
I \ sul General, is the youngest of flvs
\] sons. The father of this thrifty
X J family was Rev. Ho Yang.
+/ Rev. no Yang was on© of the
first Chinese ordained ministers In connec
tion vrith the London Missionary Society.
It was by his married name of Ho FooJc
Tong that he was known best to the Chi
nese community at Hongkong. This name
descended upon him according to tha cus
tom of names in China. Upon marrlago
a wife bestows her name upon the hus
band, which is his forever after and de
scends to their children.
This worthy parent. Rev. Ho Yang.
made such progress In his work of en
lightening his countrymen that ha re
ceived distinguished notice In a bio
graphical work Issued by the London
Missionary Society. There was only one
other man thus honored, that other being
an Englishman. So it will be seen that
our Consul is heir to linguistics by tha
clearest kind nf title.
Rev. Ho Yang was a translator. He ia
said to have been the first person to trans
late the Ten Commandments correctly into
the Chinese language. He is. the author of
a commentary on one of the New Testa
ment books— l have a copy of It In my
library.
So much for the reverend gentleman as
he appeared before the public eye. At
home he was another man. He- was a
dignified papa.
Seven small people grew to b« bljr peo
ple in his household. The two daughters
did what is rare for Chinese ladies to do—
th«>y learned English. One of them la now
the wife of hi 3 Excellency Wu Tins
Fang. Minister at Washington. The other
married a Hongkong editor.
Every one of the five sons has a neat
record on his own account and is some
thing more than the son of his father.
The records stand in this wise: 1;,.-^
Ho Chee was the eldest. He was edu
cated in Hongkong and was taken Into
Government service there. So much for
the big brother.
The second was Ho Tim. He, too, was
educated at Hongkong and graduated
L \\l IO^V there from Victoria College. He was appointed official Inter
ll \\\\ X_y 1 preter and translator for the British Government.
R AYWI I) Ho Wy Son came n« xt - * Ie was an English scholar and a
St WWI H lawyer, at the same time being a Chinese graduate, with a
NL \\V\ Zr degree conferred by the Chinese Government.
«»V \\\\ / Ho Kal was fourth. He was a graduate In medlcino from
~f\ \\\\ * the Edinburgh University and took his degrea at the age of 21.
\\\— * Afterward he studied law and graduated as a barrister at LJn
¦£t-YA \\ V^u coins Inn. He was first prize man.
>>,j4 \\\ \ Hon. Ho Vow Is tho fifth. He received his English educa-
k yM \\\ A tlon first in Hongkong, completing it in England, where h»
BUM \\\ 7 graduated as solicitor. From England he returned to Hor.s-
MH \\\ ' kont; and went into business with his brother, Ho Wy Son.
jftfflß| \\ y !" this work he obtained hi 3 Icpral practice. When the Govern-
HHm \\\ mentin 18P7 chose him to b^ Consul General to the United States
¦A \\\ Hon. Ho Vow was an English scholar and a full-fledged Eng-
Bh \\\ Hsb lawyer, as no one holding the office before him had been.
jpP 1 A\\ As soon as he reached San Francisco ho looked about for
fPZZ-^^Z^d^ work to do. The field promised plenty. The Six Companies
were In need of reorganization, being much demoralized. Hon.
-- 'yH. Ho Vow promptly reorganized. To see with him Is to think: to
VJ^>/ think Is to act. He soon broke the back of the boycott that until
=s-^<^s -^<^ then had caused so much bitter feeling among his countrymen
-throughout the United States. He exerted himself to better the feeling
\ between the Chinese in America and the Americans— the Fourth of July
\ celebration was the mark of his hand. He has improved the trade relations
I between the two countries, paying close attention to whatever concerned th»
/ rights of the Chinese mercantile community.
'Ji All of this work has been possible to him because of his English educa
tion. Given the greatest executive, mind in the world, and a man would still
fumble when he came to dealing with a foreign tongue. Hon. no Vow speaks
purer English than the average of our own nation; he knows It even down to tta
Idioms, and he will serve his regrets with "awfully sorry."
His enterprise at present Is the building of a hospital in San Francisco for his
own people. He wants to have it patterned after the Alice Memorial Hospital la
Hongkong, an institution endowed by his own family of Ho.
THE SUNDAY UAiltii
THE HOME
LIFE OF
MRS
HO
YOW
7"sorra a bit o' me knows what afly young man can
be wantin' to say to me," said Shan. "Is it wantin' to'ax
what fortin' I'm a goin' to give me daughter, the gom
eral is?" '
"He's not wan to be makin' up to a girl for the sake
o' the money," said Eily proudly. "He'd sooner' be •
marryin' me, widout a rag to me backj or a. shoe to me
fut, than be makin' the best match in all the Barony."
"Sakes alive!" exclaimed Shan in mock alarm. ¦-.-" If
'tis talkin' foolishness the. omadhawn do be,\we must .
get shut o' him as fast as iver we can."
Ei]y skipped behind the old man's chair and pre
tended to box his cars. . .. ; -v'«
"Faix! it's yourself 'can talk the . fine foolishness.
Dad! An' to punish ye, I won't be tellin' ye the lad's
name at all, at all." She screwed her lips up as tightly ¦
as if they were to remain closed for ever and busied
herself about the hearth in preparation f or. the supper, i:
Shan leaning back comfortably in his chair,. watching ;¦
her pretty .face with twinkling eyes: " 'Tis a ; mighty on-,
healthy thing for a woman to have somethiri' on her
mind and not -be lettin' of it out." he soliloquized to
the fire. "I've heard tell of wan such as was taken wid
fits. an' died before the mornin'." ¦ : ¦
Eily could hold out no longer: her lover's name was
forcing the closed lips apart. "What wud you be think- -
in' now of Larry Sullivan for a son-in-law?" she queried
cxultingly. *? -?.. '"_¦.'-:
Larry Sullivan, the son of a well-to-do farmer, was a
much better match than Shan could have expected for .
his daughter, and Eily felt like the beggar-maiden when
King Cophetua stooped to her from his throne.
"'Larry Sullivan? Is it Larry you're wantin' for • a
husband? • Augh thin, wud nobody else serve' your turn
as well?" asked- Shan, who knew the world too .well
(that is, the little world of Kerry, which has its own V
social laws) to be able to share in his" daughter's delight." ;
"There's nary a bhoy an the Barony, savjn'. himself. :
as' I'd be after touchin' wid a ten fut pole," Eily declared
with fine disdain. .
, "Musha thin! what will th'ould father be sayiri'? Shan
asked doubtfully.
"Larry won't heed." '*
"Tis Nancie Shehan. a girl wid forty pouns to her
fortin'. they do be wantin' Larr>' to coort."
"Forty pouns! the saints be above us! 'Tis nayther
forty pouns nor yit forty shillin's as they'll be gettin'
wid a daughter-in-law."
Shan shook his head sadly, and lowered his voice '
as if about to venture on a delicate subject: "Sure, the
saison's: been a bad one, alannah, . . an' moneys
none too plentiful wid the ould people . . . an' 'tis
forty pouns they'll have to be handin' over to thewiddy
Brady's son afdre the villain '11 consint to marry their ;
Lizzie." -
Eilv crew crimson and turned her head aside. It was
money saved up, and ,-Mr. Macclurc's ready and
willin' to . take him back as coachman. An' he's
to have a boat on the -lake, as he can be hirin' out to
the quality;vyhin they come. here for the fishin,' and. wid
: wan thing' an' another, there'll be . lashuns an' lavin's o\
money, an' th'ould Dad <:an quit frettin' over the rint,
an' we'll be.as' happy as the fish in.the say. or the birds
inthe trees,' livin' us three;together in this cottage, as
is- big enough to hold twiste as many." *$$&
Shan passed his hand over", the smooth black head that
had; found its way to his knee and asked with tender
eagerness: "Is it willin' th' pair o' yez wud be to stay
widUh' ould Dad? Arrah! but that's grand news, any
ways. Sure the fear o'losin' me 'birdie has. been clutch
in' at me heartstrings, this many an' many a day, The
- holy ' saints be ¦¦. praised for puttin' the thought of re
mainin'wid me into both your hearts!" •
¦ "It was of 'The States' an' no lessj that Larry was first
thinkin'," said Eily. "But I ups and tells him as I can't
be ¦ lavin' th' ould Dad i for the best husband as ivcr
sthepped in shoe leather. Thin he sed as how he'd be
quite willin'. to live; here wid us, an' be a son to yez.
Wid the help o' God an' his holy Mother, it's grand'
times intirely we'll be havin', us three together."
"Begorrah! t 'Twill be a little heaven on earth!" ex
claimed Shan,' who' was catching fire at :the flame of
Eily's enthusiasm.
They were still discussing the. good times in store for
them when the latch avas raised, and a talirbroad-shoul
: dered youth stooped , under ? the ; lintel .. and entered the
kitchen, with- the customary greeting," "God saveV' all
here." - : '
Eily sprang to her feet, but instead of advancing to
greet the ne t w-comer -she retreated behind her • father's
chair. : There's an instinct of modesty or coquetry (call
it, whichever you like) in -Irish girls that tends to make
them coy. and 'reserved in their manner toward a favored
lover. ..-./' ..."'¦ ... ' ¦ .'...,¦¦¦ •
"Sit ye down, Larry, sit yedown. Sure 'tis kindly/,
welcome ye are." said Shan, "piling up a: plate and push-- 1
ing it toward the'youngman. Larry seated himself, at '
the table, but instead of doing honor to Shan's hospi
. tality he; heaved -a deep sigh and fixed his eyes on his
sweetheart's pretty face.
"There's iomethin' on your mind, Larry, me bhov,"
said Shan, after an uncomfortable pause. "out wid it." ',;•
"I'm the most misfort'nit' devil on -God's earth this
night." Larry burst forth. "An\ 'tis not carin' aithra- i
neen for me own pain I'd be, Mr. Cqnhor.sorr, if Eily,/
C-nA oitv th« crather I hadn't to share it wid me." . :
"Arrali now be aisy! mind the fiddle, whativer ye do!'
he exclaimed, laying it gently down in. a comer. "Tare
snd acf^l it's soon hurted, the crather is. as if it had
life in it."
He sat down in the big chair and with one arm still
around his daughter's waist, plunged the other into his
pocket and drew forth a few shillings, which he spread
out on the table with a deep sigh. "A bad week
acushla — on'y five of thim, an' the rint overdue, bad cess
to it!" , /"'«'•; '~*M : i
Thr fart of having been all but caught at her childish
flay had brought a crimson flush to Eily's cheeks that
made her look as prettily guilty as a seventeenth cen
tury heroine with a. lover hidden behind a screen. . To
escspc from the old man's affectionate scrutiny she
pathered up the shillings, and rising on tip-toe. let them
drop, one by one. into a. crocked teapot that fisrured as
an ornament on the high chimney shelf.
"It might ha' been better. Dad. but thin aei.n it might
ha* been murh worser," she remarked with cheerful
philosophy. "Supposin*. ye had conic strcaling home on
me wid nan- a shilling' at all?" " .'
"Sure, child, 'tis not botherin* I'd be if on'y we'd got
enough for the landlord."
"^n* who's to s*y 9* ye won't be havin* it afore ve're
many d?.y«' older?" Eily asked with a laugh. "Hasn't
Mike <God bless him!) been tellin' the 'quality' as there's
riot a fiddler in all the country side to aquil ye! An' sure
they're havin' a 'dance Sunday, an' they've sint him up
to jx you to play for thim." " #
"Musha thin, is it the famtjv that nntsjthe big house
on the other side o' the Bay?" ;
"It is so. Mrbbe 'tis another five shilhn syell be get
tin" from thim." ' „ . .
Shan shook his head- despondently: Arran ¦ now!
Eily turned deadly pale and, leaning both elbows on
the table, cried out eagerly, "Don't be kapin a body on
the rack, Larry avic! ... For God's sake. say.
quick what's the matther?" ' • .
"The matther is just this, Eily jewel: I've come th:s
night to give ye back your promise. . . . J ls j
future husband of crooked Nancie Shehan that's dis
coursin' wid vez now."- . ; i;r -
Shan looked his guest full in the face. A fire of hon
est indignation was burning in his eyes when he said:
"Be the God above us, Larry Sullivan! ye're the^ bold
man to tell me to me face as you've .been playin' wicj
me daughter's feelin's! . . . I'm none so ould an'
wake, mind. ye. but I could send ye. into eternity if I
was druv to -it!" . .
Eily sat quite upright, with her lips pressed tieht to
gether.'.: Not 'for worlds would she have given vent to
the grief that was rending her in the j^isence of her
false lover. s*?c;
Larry looked a picture of despair as he made answer:
"Ye couldn't render me a bigger sarvice. .Mr. Connor,
than to be after killin' me. But ye must first listen to
what I've got to say. 'Tis truth I m tellm ye. sorr.
I'd rather a dale be cuttin' the tongue out o me mouth
than be spakin' the words I'm obligated to spake to fei
both this night. . . . Th* ould people must be «t
tin' forty pouns for Lizzie's fortm , an they looks to
me for it. I offered to go to Amenky an work nish:
day till I'd got the money saved up '(it wudn t ha'
took long; me married sister could find me a place to
morrow), but they sez 'twould be too late; me sister"}
good name wud be lost." ' » . -
Larry blundered through his confession with a burn
ing face and a feeling of overwhelming shame. When
it was over he got up from his stool and looked at Eilv
with imploring eyes. "I'd better be takin' meselt out or
it on you now," he said sorrowfully. "Sure 'twas tie
bad day for you whin first we met. . . . Don't be
thinkin' too hard things of me. alannah! The heart
widin me's broke wid the cruelty ofit.'
"God pity ye, me poor bhoy, exclaimed warm
hearted Shan, taking both the young man's hands
"Tho' it may go nigh to break the colleen's heart, I je;
now as 'tis on'y your bounden duty to act as ye are
actin'!" _ , .....
"God bless you, Mr. Connor, for thim kind words,"
said Larry, passing a rough hand across his dim eye*
Then his mood changed suddenly and he raised the stool
on which he had been sitting high up in the air, as if
about to hurl it at an antagonist's head. "There's more
than one duty afore me," he growled in a voice hoar??
with passion, "I'll do me duty be me sister an* I'll di ii
be that scoundrel Brady! There won't be a bone ur.
broken in his ugly carcass whin I've finished doia' n :e
duty be him!" -; • . -^. : . : " .
Hitherto Eily had remained motionless, her whole
form stiff with repressed emotion. . . . She now ct
tered a cry of alarm and looked up imploringly fa
Larry's face: "Whisht! For God's sake whisht!" she
moaned— "Sure, it freezes the .very marrow in m- bon?s
to hear ye talk like that! What good wud it do for ?cz
to be destroyin' wan another?"
"IsnVit the wan thing I've gt>t to look forrard to?
Me life's ruinated be the black-hearted villain, an* I've a
right to be payin' him out."
? 'Musha poor lad! Sure the God above knows well aj
he isn't dhramin' of wickedness at all, at all," said Shan
eoothingly. To make assurance doubly sure the old
peasant traced a large cross on the air in case any derr.m
of revenge were hovering poor Larry's soul. Eily
ho longer felt herself that terrible being, "a woman
scorned." She was' now Larry's fellow-sufferer in an
what for wud they be givin' five shillin's to the likes o'
me?"
Eily looked at him with an impatient little frown-
To-night of all nights in the year she wished him to be
hopeful and light-hearted.
"Have a draw o' your pipe, Dad, whilst I'm toastin'
the herrin's," she said. "It s worn out ye are this very
jninyit."
She lit the pipe and placed it between his lips. Then,
stooping down, she proceeded to unlace the heavy
brogues in which he had tramped many a weary mile
that day, and bade him stick out his stockin' feet an'
give thim a toast at the fire.
Presently Shan glanced at the table. "Is it expectin'
company ye are, Eily?" he asked.
"Deed, "thin it is," she answered, with a return of the
roguish, dimpling smile. "There's a young man a com-
In, an' he has somcthin' mighty particklcr that he
a matter of universal gossip that there were pressing
reasons why this marriage should be brought about
without loss of time. •'• v
"Anyways Larry is comin' this evenin'- an' ye wudn't
sure be makin' onplisant remarks to him about his sis
l ter," ' she • said in a whisper, and with . her head still
turned away. {•] •
"Troth! 'tis yourself knows well as I wudn't be hurt
in', anybody's feelin's, let alone those o' the lad. as is
wantin' to marry me daughter," Shan said "reproach
fully. "Twas o'ny afeard Iwas, as ye might be havin'
a disappointment along o1o 1 th'ould people.. Sure if it's
willin* they are tolet.Larry wed yez, it's meselfll play
:— • the weddin' jigs wid a heart ana half."
"But sure they're notwillin', Dad!
f ¦ That's what I wanted to spake to yez
. about. . . . Larry, do be thinkin' of
\ ' lavin', their ugly -ould *farm .on
\\ -ihcir. hands;, he's got a trifle o'
(All Rights Reserved.)
By Pairicia Dillon:
FOR THE HONOR OF THE FAMILY
THE SUNDAY CALL.
V«£»\ M E °^ y urran habita-
Vfe|l\ ir^"^ l ' on visible from (jlenbeg
\Ss\ \r Lake as it nestles cozily
X^^jl in its cradle of so:t
*^»- brown hills, is a little
* thatched cabin that peeps
— •.hj'ly down at you from
behind a hugt boulder.
Shan Connor, formerly one of the best dancing
makers in Kerry, lives in it with his only daughter,
whose love trouble I am about to confide to you.
Rheumatism forced him to retire. from business some
years ago, but, even in his best days, his income, far
from being on a par with his reputation, barely enabled
him to keep the rent paid and the pot boiling. He was
obliged to .vander far and wide in quest of pupils, stop
ping lor a week or two in any village that was willing to
receive him. housed and fed by each family in its turn,
and receiving a fee of I shilling per pupil.
His daughter Ei!y led a loneiy life. A couple of black
cow?, a few goats and hens and a fierce but intelligent
mongrel were her only companions during her father's
absences from home.
Let us peep in upon her as she sits waiting for him,
one chill October evening, some twenty years ago.
Oat of doors the setting sun was still flooding the
western sky with crimson, but within the cottage all
was dark, save for the cheerful light of a turf fire, over
which hung suspended a three-legged pot, rilled with
potatoes for the evening meal. A big arm chair, with
a patchwork cushion, was drawn up to the fire and be
side it ?tood a deal table with three plates, three glasses
and a jugful of buttermilk. The broken saucer, that
figured as a center piece contained a pinch of salt, a bit
of butter and three red herrings waiting to be transferred
to the gridiron as soon as Shan made his appearance.
There was also a wee drop of potheen in the corner cuo
board, but that was only produced when the Dad was
very weary indeed. Eily. dressed in her best Sunday
clothes, the crimson petticoat with its three rows of
black velvet, and the neat shoes and stockings that she
found it irksome to keep on, was sitting on a creepy
Etool drawn clobe to the fire, with her elbows on her
knees and her face in her hands. The roguish— twinkle
in her eye and the merry smile that played peep-bo with
the dimples in her soft checks, were proof positive that
solitude had not as yet preyed upon her spirits.
Suddenly an idea flashed through her mind and
mace her seize upon the dog that was snoring peacefully
by her side, roll her apron around him and then dangle
him from side to side as if he were a restless child that
the was trying to quiet. The animal submitted with
lazy good-nature; fixing his intelligent eyes on her face
he appeared deeply interested in the cradle song she was
croon in g. ,v •*. _^ ./
A man's* heavy tread sounded outside the door and a
hand fumbled with the latch. . Quick as thought the
nursling was dropped to the gToundand Eily flew to
welcome her father.
. "Is it sittin' in the dark ye are, me darlint?" Shan, a
tall white-haired peasant, asked as he stumbled across
the threshold. i-*'
"Sure, wan can think widout a light," said Eily, bc
stowincr a vigorous hue on him. ¦ ¦
8
Continued on Pass Kins.(Continued from Page Eight.)
plete." Dr. Thomas, who writes an in
troduction. Is the "celebrated" pastor of
a church In Chicago, and Mr. Farwell.
who contribute* a eulogy. Is a "milllon
alrephiianthroplst." As^ur^lly the "Rev.
J. W. Hanson, A.M.. D.D.. author of 'Re
lisions of the World.' 'Mana,' 'Cloud of
Witnesses' and other religious works," is
himself or has been assisted by a master
of the art of circus-poster advertising as
applied to religious subjects. The book la
not a complete, rational and distinct ac
count of Mr. Moody's career, but a hasty
raking together cf anecdotes, "editorial
comments/* scraps from Mr. Moody's
speeches and reports of sermons. A good
biography of Mr. Moody would be of
great interest and importance, but thl*
pretcntlou3 and vulgar work Is like the
razors In the well-known yerses. only
made to sell. (W. B. Conkey & Co.. Chi
cago.)
"Our Islands and- Their People" Is a
work descriptive of the various new con
quests of the United States. and of "as
sisted" Cuba. It contain* a sketch of the
history of the various regions treated, an
account of their climate, productions,
scenery, principal points of Interest, etc..
with many Illustrations, mainly from
photographs. The text seems to be ac
curate. (N. D. Thompson Company. St.
LouK Sold only by subscription. J. J.
Newbegin St Co.. Flood building, agents.
Twenty-four. parts at 50 cents each.)
If the narrative of Shakesppare's his
torical plays should be extracted' and re
counted- continuously far the- benefit of
children, then Mr. "A. T. Quiller-Couch
han done well in writing his "Historical
Tales From Shakespeare." The language
of Shakespeare is worked over into prose,
missing links of the stories are supplied
and the" tales 'are given* Unity and con
sistency on the lower level of prose narra
tive to which Air. Qulller-Couch brlnsrs
them. Whether it was wise or useful to
do this work may be doubted. Boys and
girls have a considerable faculty foi get
ting over difficulties of language, so lon*
as they do not have to explain thera, and
for getting the heart of a story from the
books they read. Tho action in Shake
speare's historical plays is so' clear and
vigorous that young people can follow it
In the drama as easily as in the paler
pro«e of Mr. Quiller-Coucb. "
The task of Mr. Quiller-Couch has cer
tainly been well done. Th« stories are
clearly told and 'the Introduction of ad
ditional historical matter is so managed
as not to destroy the unity of the narra
tives. The Introduction of the Aglncourt
ballad of Drayton was a happy thought.
It Is worth notice that Edward Mortimer
13 misprinted for Edmund Mortimer. (C.
Scrlbner's Sons. New York: JI 50.)
Dr. J. J. Burns" "Shakespeare's English
Kings" is a book similar to Mr. Qulller-
Couch's in purpose, but in It Shakes
peare's words are literally quoted as fully
a 9a 9 possible. The result is an effect of
discontinuity and jerklness which U an
noying. (D. Appleton & Co.. New York.)
Books Received.
"The Gentleman Pensioner." by Albert
Lee. D. Appleton & Co., New York. *L
"Stories From the Arabian Nights." se
lected by Adam Singleton. D. Appleton
& Co., New York. Sixty-five cents.
"The ' Fate of Madame La Tour." by
Mrs. A. G. Paddock. Tenth thousand.
Fords. Howard & Hulberrt. New York. M.
"By the Marshes of Mlnas." by Charles
G. D. Roberts. Silver. Burdett & Co. $1 25.
"A Rational Marriage," by Florence
Marryat. F. M. Buckles-.. &- Co., New
York. $1 25.
"The Golden Horseshoe." by Stephen
Bonsai. The Macmtllan Company, New
York. $1 50. -
"Sunday Afternoons." by E.. France*
Foule. Fords. Howard & Hulbert, New
York. 75 cents. . . .
"The Corn Trade and Option* Markets,
by F. Hammesfahr. G. E. SteekeTt, New
York." 30 cents. . ••
dlery— not mere hardships of war. but
corrupt and oppressive acts deliberately
committed, sometimes by persons high in
authority. The injudiciousness of exert
ing .compulsion by methods regarded by
the men as unfair Is Illustrated by Mr.
McManus in the statement that many vet
erans preferred re-enlistment in various
foreign services to rejoining the American
army. Man for man the American regu
lar soldier may lay claim to superiority
over the soldiery of any other country.
Intelligence, independence and an obe
dience to discipline, grounded not on ser
vility, but on loyal devotion, are the se
crets of this superiority. If snich oppres
sive practices as those recounted are car
ried on tse service will suffer air Irrepar
able damage from the consequent change
in the character of the recruits secured.
(Riverside Printing Company, Milwaukee.
Wis. 25 cents.)
Charles Keeler's "Bird Notes Afield" Is
a little book Intended to spread the love
and knowledge of .out-of-door nature
among the unscientific. It abounds in
charming passages of description, espe
cially of the life of songbird."* and sea
birds. Among these appreciatively poetic
passages are interspersed bits of Infor
mation intended to make the recognition
of California birds easy to the uninitiated.
The sensibility to outer nature and the
grace of expression which characterize
the descriptions make the expository por
tions of the work ?eem However,
they only Interrupt and do not much mar
the literary part of the book.
The key to the birds which follows the
text exhibits the same combination of
purposes, but the popular and the scien
tific elements are here not mixed, but
fused. The key strives to attain a scien
tific end .without ¦ employing scientific
means: to enable untrained observers to
classify birds without recourse to techni
cal terms or systematic knowledge. Tho
result of the attempt Is net successful. A
few accurately discriminated • technical
words . and precise marks of discrimina
tion'would be easily learned and far mor«
easily applied than such vaeue descrip
tions as "partly black" or "largely yel
low." In pplte of these defects the, book
Is a delightful on". (Elder' & Shepard.
San Francisco r $1 50.)
The character of the Rev. J. W. Han
son's "Life and Works of the World's
Greatest Evangelist. Dwight L. Moody."
may be Inferred from the adjectives on
the title-page. The late Mr. Moody Is not
only described as the world's greatest
evangelist, but Is the most remarkable
religious general in history. St. Paul, we
may suppose, was left out because he Is
in the Bible: and Ignatius and Francis of
Assisi and Benedict, had the misfortune to
b« Catholics. But does Mr. Moody put
Wesley • and WJiltefleld . both in the
shade? These questions are not such as
one would ask without Mr. Hanson's chal
lenge to the ages, but he mak*>*» them In
evitable. The career of tho "remarkable
religious general" is described as "mar
velous,", and the "review", of the "mar
velous" career as "authentic and com-
Jo Appear at the California in. Mrs. Quint*' sJwins.
Socn \o Be af the Columbia Jhcaier in Jhe Old Jtomestead.
unavoidable calamity and the wish to
soothe -his anguish came uppermost In her
mind. • >^>.--v; ¦ryi-;. . .
Quite forgetful for the moment of her
father's presence.' she moved, to her lov
er's side and laid her soft cheek on his
shoulder. rf'The Lord above o'ny; knows
why this great throuble should ha' been
sent us, me darllnt," she whispered, "but
sure, I can bear It now that I know 'tis
none o' your fau't." If^'v ;. .
He strained her to his heart for the last
time, and then hurried out of the cabin
without saying a single word.
Shan and Elly were alone. A' thunder
bolt had fallen onthelr airy castle and It
lay in ruins at their feet. '-'"•
There was nothing to be done, nothing
to be said. Elly tidied "away the supper
things;' humble heroines must attend to
such matters, even when their hearts are
breaking: When this was done she kissed
her father silently and .retreated- into the
lean-to which was her bedroom! >' . -. "
I Shan's couch was close to the'partition
wall; Through "the dreary hours of that
• 6ad night he lay listening to the' heart-
Tending sobs and half-strangled -cries that
-marked tfie death' throes of his daughter's
happiness. With ' advancing ' years the
heart grows as Incapable "of Intense' grief
as of mnrcin* iov: exDerlence has taught
FOR THE HONOR Or THE rA/ v \ILY.
that each alike will pass away. Elly
mourned with the desperation of one to
whom Borrow comes for the first time, and
Rhan felt every one of her sobs vibrate
through him. He drew his rosary from
beneath his pillow and .began to repeat
his Hail Marys somewhat In this fashion:
"Hall. Mary, full of grace . '. . Weary
on it, but 'tis Herself knew well how It
feels to have the heart broke wldln her
...-.' the Lord is with thee . .. Gra
cious, goodness,, what a wall! . . .
Blessed art thou among women
Wirras— threw! an 1 it's the awful thing
to be a woman anyways . . . and
blessed is "the fruit . . . Och! the col
leen'll cry her eyes out afore morning
dawns." Thus with mingled prayers and
ejaculations he . accompanied his child,
etep by step, throughher Gethsemane.
• Larry and his sister were married on the
same day, and the chapel yard was
crowded with neighbors.
• Many. were the whispered comments ex
changed behind hands as the two couple*
passed out. "Musha thin! Nancy Su'.llvan
hasn't a bit o f decint pride," said one girl
to another.^ "Fancy marrylh'-' a bhoy that
has twlste refused to have her, an' was
druv to It in the end by his sister's light
conduc'." "Larry's a nice fella.'V wa.3 the
reply. "Mebbe :' he'll be batin* her eforo
the year's out. an' small blame; to him
for that same. • • • Begorrah! Lizzie
Sullivan may be thlnkln' that Brady has
made an honest woman o' her," a matron
remarked, with n toss of the head, "but
she needn't be expectin' to hould her own
.with thim as nlver tripped." And so th«
tongues rattled on.
Before the honeymoon month was ended
Larry Sullivan ran away from his wife,
leavln' a bit of a scrawl ; to say he was
gone to Araerlky an' wud nlver com#
home agin. It was also reported that "be
fore makin* off wid himself he had half
kilt Denis Brady, lavln* him wld a fac«
like, a jelly an" two broken ribs."
The bond of filial duty- had been straine 1 !
beyond endurance, and no word ever
reached the sorrowing parents to tell
them whether their son was dead or alive.
Elly and her father still Inhabit the lit
tle'thatched cabin looking down on Gl^n
beg Lake. '• No babe has laid on the ooaom
to which. In childish anticipation of
woman's supreme felicity, the dog was
once lovingly held. Elly is now a middle
aged spinster, entirely absorbed in taking
care of Shan, whose rheumatism keeps
him a prisoner In the chimney corner.
Sho can provide for his comforts quite
easily with the money which reaches her
twice a year fronV abroad. It comes in
such a way that she could not return it.
even if she wished to do so: but she does'
not scruple to accept It. "What true love
offers true love may take. It Is a wel
come token that Larry 13 still alive and
, thriving.
I, Fourteenth United States Infantry, Is
a collection of brief narratives, giving a
view of the earlier events In the struggle
with the Filipinos as seen by the private
soldier in the regular army. The little
sketches have a vivacity and a de/mlte
ness of effect which show the author to
he a man of unusual Intelligence and
powers of observation. Among the most
interesting passages are those which de
pict the agreeable and wholesome rela
tions between the American soldiers and
some of the native families. The view of
the sunny home-life of Jose Manuel's
family, kindly, hospitable. Industrious
and self-respecting, is charming In itself
•and glvesj^ unconscious and pleasant testi
mony to the attractiveness and dignity
of Mr. McManus 1 own character. The
magnanimous admiration shown for the
soldierly and gentlemanly qualities of
several Filipino leaders and the generous
recognition of the better elements In the
Filipino character are worthy of a soldier.
At the same time A»lr. McManus corrobo
rates the charges of treacherous employ
ment of flags of truco made against tha
Filipinos".
Tie makes a detailed statement of some
of the abuses suffered by the regular sol-
The Si-eat yHatch Race For the GoatVrTTe De^V Stakes-
which began to burn." Of the bear's fat.
which "was fresh, not burned, and had
the odor of angelica, which the girl,
skilled in plants, had added to the pot in
measure," Dr. Binion only says that It
was "fresh and smelled good, and that
"Jaglenka put the rest In a pot." These
single illustrations do not prove much In
themselves, but the constant blurring
produced by this vagueness makes the
Fenno translation very lifeless in com
parison with the other. Even where noth
ing Is omitted outright Mr. Curtin's: words
are far more forcible than Dr. : Binion's.
"A pack of boars passed with a great
bustle and snorting is certainly a sorry
rendering for "a herd of wild boars passed
wjth great uproar and grunting." "Dust
was rising from the earth toward the
gleaming twilight, which began finally to
grow fainter, then gloomy, blacker ami
then was quenched," is hot only faulty in
syntax *but is feeble In effect rs against
"Gloom rose from the earth and lifted It
pelf toward the bright light of evening,
which at last began to fail, to grow som
ber, to be black, to perish." The slight
touch of archaism and the skillful sim
plicity of Mr. Curtin's style make his ver
sion nccord very perfectly with the wild
but noble rudeness of the action. Of these
graces Dr. Binion's work has not the
faintest trace/" Commonplace modernness,
sometimes flat prosaic tameness, appear
in their stead. . .• .
In. printing and workmanship as well a3
in literary excellence the translation pub
lished by Little. Brown & Co. Is superior
to its rival. (R. F. Fenno .& Co.. New
York: $2. Little, Brown & Co., Bos
ton; J2.) -
The Doubleday & McClure Company
publish an edition of Mr. MarkhAm's
poem, "The Man With the Hoe," in
which the author at some length ex
pounds his. work. The little book contains
a copy of Millet's picture and fac-slmiles
and photographs of -interest to the ad
mirers of the poet.. We all rejoice that the
world has taken up. Mr. Markham and
no one grudges him his' good .luck; buf.
it is certainly a cause for melancholy
amusement that this poem with Its shal
low though and faulty: meter should have
been the Kource of his fame and prosper
ity. (Doubleday & McClure, Now York.
50 cents.) - - ' ¦ '. '
Under the title "A Modern Reader and
Speaker" Mr. George Riddle has edited a
Ants as Sirategists.
From a military standpoint the methods
employed by ants to provide food for an
ant colony are almost perfect. Their for
aging parties are faultless, both in plan
ning and execution, and are almost uni
formly successful. A resident of this city
who is at present in business in South
Africa has sent home a description of a
foray of an army of ants
The army, which he estimates to hay»
numbered about 15.000 ants, started from
their home. In the mud walls of a hut.
and marched in the direction of a small
-mound of fresh earth but a few yards dis
tant. The head of the column halted on
reaching the foot of the mound and wait
ed for the rest .of the force to arrive at
the place of operations, which evidently
was to be the mound of fresh rarth. When
the remainder had arrived and halted, so
that the entire army was assembled, a
number of ants detached themselves from
the main body and began to ascend to
the top of the mound, while the others
began moving so as to encircle the base
of the mound.
Very soon a number from the detach
ment which had ascended the mound, evi
dently the attacking party, entered th»
loose earth and speedily returned, each
bearing a cricket or a young grasshopper,
dead, which he deposited upon the ground
and then returned for a fresh load. Those
who had remained on the outside of the
mound took up the crickets and grass
hopper? as they were brought out and
bore them down to the base of the hill,
returning for a fresh load. Soon the con
tents of the mound seemed to be ex
bausted. and then the whole force re
turned home, each carrying his burden
of food for the community.
Here. then, was a regular foray, plan
ned and executed with military precision,
the country surveyed, the depot of pro
visions known accurately before tho
march was made and at the mound pru
dential division of labor and c-are taken
that none of the victims should escape.
Messrs. Fenno say. Is. misleading. A com
parison of the two versions' snows that
Mr. Curtin's work is far better done than
Dr. Binion's. The little touches of spe
cific detail which produce upon the reader
the impression of a cl^ar-Vislon of the ob
ject described are omitted "6r-..replacedby
vaguer' generalities in Dr. Binion's ver
sion, while in.. Mr. Curtin's they stand out
in luminous distinctness. Thus "the white
forehead and dark brows of the maiden,
her lipw pushed forward In- blowing the
lighted punk." becomes "the white fore
head, the dark eyebrows and the red lips
of the girl who was blowing on the tinder.
A CRITICAL REVIEW OF THE BOOKS OF THE WEEK
the suxda^ call;
By Professor Ji. £}. Aathrop.
"7VVA R - FRAN * X NORRIS' "A Man's
VV( vV oman -" which has appeared in
a £& y> several periodicals, is now pub
lished in book form. Mr. Norris"
purpose has been to bring together a man
and a woman, each gifted with the ut
most decree of forte of character consil
ient with their manhood and womanhood.
and to study the action of one character
upon the other. He subjects each to tho
severest possible experience of etern dis
cipline. »me as the leader of an Arctic
expedition; the other as a hospital nurse.
He causes each to attain the utmost de
gree of self-mastery and to exercise the
completes! possible mastery of others.
lie brings thoifctwo wills Into conflict and
into reconciliation, and at last causes the
man to show his full strength in leader
ship, the woman to display an even
greater strength in self-abnegation and
the inspiring < f the man to harshly heroic
The man and the woman are not even
merely uncommon, they are abnormal.
ar.d the *tory is hence grimly grotesque.
The impulse to plant the American flag
at the north pole in order to beat every
other explorer is a motive too strained,
too uncommon and not noble enough to
faxtlty the long-drawn agony of the book,
which is not the agony of heroism but of
v.ightmare uneasiness. Lacking thus the
quality of universality, the tale becomes
merely a striking example of perverted
talent.
The extremely slow movement of the
narrative, which drifts and eddies and
even flows backward, results In Irritating
tediousness. At times the story stops short
while the reader is entertained with the
rtetails of a surgical experiment, written,
with professional accuracy, or with the
gossip of two nurses about pathological
minutiae. The force of the story Is the
force of violence and extravagance, not
of strength which in its utmost intensity
at action is always proportioned to Its
object and always safely within its limit.
and which is therefore always In a sense
calm. Mr. Norris can do such fine thingi
that it is a pity he has done this ugly on«
—a "foe to Joy," In Stevenson's expres
eive words. (Doubleday & McClure Com-,
pary. New York; fl 53.)
"The History of Canada, for Toung
Readers." by J. N. Mcllwraith. is really
a record of the separate annals of the
Northern British colonies, with a view to
insisting on the grounds for a separate
Canadian patriotism. Respectfully as Mr.
Mcllwraith looks on the British empire,
he feels himself a sharer and equal, not a
eubject. It is really a little unkind of him
to :neist so vigorously on the manifest in
feriority cf the United States Americans
to the United Provinces Americans. Hum
bly acknowledging our inferiority, we
should like to be left alone to enjoy it.
We even prefer to write the Knclish lan
guage after our barbarous fashion, hold
ing to our delusion that such syntax as
Mr. Mcllwraiths is loose and incorrect.
Mr. Mcllwraith's narrative is too an
r.a'ittic Cor its purpose; too Imperfect in
emphasis ar.d perspective. The spirit of
it teems to point to future difficulties.
Canada is now in a position to enjoy the
twetts of sovereignty without its respon
sibilities. The British diplomacy in the
Bering Sta question shows this. Great
Britain was ready to come to terms with
the United States when the peremptory
demands of Canada sent the home Gov
*.i r.ment in a flurry to the right about, and
the United States was called on to offer
a <;'-id pro quo not to the responsible old
mother country but to the exacting child.
This three-cornered diplomatic game will
tome day be impossible. .
Another question of interest is suggested
by Mr. Mcllwraiths prophecy— is it a dis
loyal prophecy?— of the time when
French and English Canadians will re
member only that they are Canadians. In
that day will the essential divergence be
tween'**^ French and English in every
thing that makes up an organized society.
a divergence foster ed by the cherishing
"f the French language, prove a source
of <!anjrerous weakness?
Mr. Mcllwralth's book is partisan and
HI digested. <D. Appleton & Co.. New
York.>
Some ¦weeks ago Mr. Curtin's remark
able translation of the first half of Sien
kiewicz's powerful novel. "The Knights
of the Cross." was reviewed in these col
umns. A second translation, made by Dr.
B. A. Binion and published by R. P.
Fer.no & Co.. has just appeared. The pub
lishers of Mr. Curtin's translation. Little.
Brown & Co.. have issued a circular call
ing attention to the fact that the state
ments made by the publishers of Dr.
Bir.ion's translation are of a nature to
deceive the public Nowhere is the fact
made distinctly prominent that Dr.
Billion's translation does not include the
whole story. The Impression made by the
outward appearance of the book is that
It is complete, and only in an inconspicu
ous place at the end of the second volume
Is the intorir.ation given that the story
will be continued in a subsequent volume.
Litt'e. Brown & Co. affirm that the
Polish work has thus far been published
at Warsaw only as a serial in an illus
trated Polish weekly, and quote verbatim
from recent telegraphic correspondence
with Sienkiewicz's Polish publishers in
confirmation of their assertions. Fenno &
Co. declare that part of the story ap
peared in Warsaw In IS9S in three.vol
umes and part in 1599 in three volumes.
Obvious'.y a serial story to be continued
looks Jess complete than six volumes, and
the general impression of finality given
by the appearance of Dr. Blnion'g transla
tion is strengthened by the publishers'
Etatexntsia. Plainly the effect of what
9
eollectlor r? --. irons and readings that
will he 'ji *v ..treat to all who "speak
pieces whether professors or amateurs
of tin art of public reading.* No space is
giver, to suggestions- or rules, nor is the
book made up of wholly new, selections.
Such work of old- and more recent au
thors is presented as isbest suited to the
demands of the modern natural methods
of reading and ,- speaking. The - public
reader and the teacher of elocution can
do/much toward creating a general love
for good literature through interpreting
It and Mr. Riddle's book provides substan
tial literary material in convenient, avall
abe form. The book has the dignity and
refinement of Mr. Riddle's own art. (H.
S: Stone & Co.. Chicago. $1 50.)
""Soldier Life in the Philippines." by
1 Joseph. ildUnus, j late ; private. Companynominated— James T. Farley, a Democrat,!
and M. M. Estee, a Republican. In th»l
Senate Farley received 2S votes and Estei^
12; In the Assembly Farley had 54 and
Estee 24. The next day, in joint conven
tion, the journals of the two houses : wert
read and Farley was declared elected for
the term to commence March 4, 1579.
The term of Senator Booth was to ex
pire ,M arch 4, ISBI. and It became neces
sary for the Legislature of that year to
elect a'successor. On January 13 the mat
ter was taken up in each' House. The Re
publicans nominated General John F. Mil
ler, and the Democrats Judge William
T.. Wallace. In the Senate Henry Georgo
was nominated as a third candidate, and
In the Assembly Campbell P. Berry. Mil
ler won out In both houses, and the next
day in joint convention was declared
elected. Miller did not serve out hi*
term, dying at Washington on March 8.
18S6, and Governor • Stoneman appointed
George Hearst to. serve tha unexplred
term. • < ¦
The inside history of the election of tha
successor to Farleyby the. Legislature of
1885 has never been written.- The Legisla
ture was Republican on joint ballot.
Aaron A. Sargent had been understood
since hiv return as Minister to Germany
to be in line for election to the' United
States Senate. During the campaign of
ISS4 his candidacy entered 'argely into tha
election of members. of tne Legislature,
and It was believed that he had the back
ing of the Huntington wing of the railroa 1
people. George C. Perkins and M. M. Es-
a similar bill and presented a = resolution
calling for an investigation of the recent
election.' This resolution was adopted, b/
the Senate but failed In the, Assembly.
While the Legislature refused to proceed
with the Investigation, the charges did not
die out. . The annoyance their discusdion
occasioned, with the culmination of a;di
rect charge, by the Democratic County
Committee of San Francisco' in the fall of
1573,' caused Casserly to resign his scat,
after having served a little over 'four
years. .
In. the Legislature of, 1871-72 the Demo
crats had a majority in the Senate and
the;Republlcans a majority of over two
to'one in the House. There , was a : de
cided advantage for. the Republicans on
Joint ballot. That Legislature was called
upon to elect the successor of Cole for
the term to commence March 4,1873. This
was the second election that was held
under the Federal law that requires the
ler. chivalry Democrats. Ther«
were twenty-two ballots. On tha
first McDougall received 27 votes. TV> I
ler 27, Nugent 9 and T. G. Phelps, the Re
publican caucus nominee, 23. On the la!«t
ballot McDougall received 58, Nugent 47
and Weller 6. The president of the con
vention, supposing that McDougall had re
ceived a majority of the votes, announced
his election, but a few days after It was
resolved that there had been no choice.
McDougall relinquished all claim to an
election, and on April 2 a new elect'on
took place and on the first ballot McDou
gall received 57 votes, Nugent 39 and Wel
ler 4, whereupon McDougall was elects!
regularly to serve until March 4, 1867. In
the course of this contest a quarrel oc
curred between Daniel Showalter and
Charles W. Piercy. members of the As
sembly, that resulted In a duel on Ma;' 25,
ISCI. in which Piercy was shot in tha
moulh with a rifle and instantly killed.
Latham's successor was elected by the
Legislature of ISC3— a Union body. Tha
principal candidates were T. G. Phelps,
Aaron A. Sargent, Trenor W. Park an-1
John Conness. There was a very bitter
contest, and for several weeks little or ria
progress was made. Phelps had the do
clded advantage at the outset, but he
could not secure enough by five or six
votes for the caucus nomination. TowarJ
the end of January rumors of bargain
and sale on the part of Phelps and Con
ness. and of corrupt trickery on the part
of Park, became rife. It was reported
that Assemblyman F. M. Smith, a Park
adherent, had been approached by
Charles Watrous, a friend of Phelps, and
offered J3OOO and a political position for
his vote for Phelps. At the same time It
was stated that Cyrus Palmer, a Park
Assemblyman, had been approached by
Zeke Wilson and - offered positions for
himself and friends If he would. procure
clx votes for Phelps. These charges
came up In the Union caucus In the shape
of an inquiry as to their truth' on Janu
ary 27. 1863, when Senator McCullough, a
son-in-law of Park, rose and stated that
Smith had notified him of the corrupt
proposition of Watrous, . and , had asked
him and R. C. Gaskill to be present; at
his room In the Golden Eagle and hear Its
repetition; that they concealed them
selves In a wardrobe, and heard Watrous
speak of the matter ¦with Smith In de
tail. These charges created great excite
ment. ' There were other serious charges
and counter charges, and the more the
pool was stirred the filthier It became.
mocracy. Edmund Randolph was th* c*ti n.
dldate of the Tammany Democracy and I
Oscar L. Shafter was named by the Re- \
publicans. There was but one ballot. Tha '
vote was 97 for Latham, 14 for Randolph
and 3 for Shafter.
The Legislature of IS6I was called on to
elect the successor to Gwin,. for the term
to commence on March 4 of that year.
The prominent candidates were James A.
.McDougall". a Northern Democrat, an«j
John Nugent and John B. Wei
day* and cautioned to ba raor» careful
abont his future utterances. Later on an
other Assembly committee of investiga
tion reported that no money had bean
used for the election of either Booth or
Hager-ln effect that everybody was pura
and no one gullty-and the matter
dropped.
The election of the successor to Bar
gent was a lane affair. The balloting
was had In the houses separately, on De
cember 18, 1»77. Two candidates wera
THE history of Senatorial contest* »n
California forms an lntere«tm»,
chapter of our political annals—*
chapter Euch as no other State can :
furnish. It Is marked with msnyj
charges of bribery, doubtles* we.l»
?o-jn<sed in come Instances; with th».
shrewd manipulation and masterful
tact that characterized the politicians of
the early days— politicians who had been*
allured to the Golden State from all parts
of the Union, and picked men. it might
be *ai<l: and marked too sadly by tragedy
that shocked the nation.
There Is an element of romance In the
birth cf cur State. She was never robed
In ihe swaddling clothes of Infancy. As
her coat of arms symbolizes, she sprang
full-fledged into statehood, without Terri
torial probation, as Minerva was born
from the brain of JupHer. She was ad
mitted into the Union September 9. ISM.
p.n<J yet early in that year her duly elected
Senators were 8t the doors of Congress
demanding admission and a recognition of
the sovereignty of the State In the far
thest "V\>f=t. In the first Legislature pf.r
tiFan politics cut but little figure. There
was no party o.rjranlzation in the State,
and the election in November. 154?. was a
Kort of a free for all affair for the elec
tion of a Governor and the Legislature.
On December 2.1 two United States Sen
ator* were chosen-John C. Fremont an.l
William M. Gwin. Besides these two the
candidates were Henry W. Halleck. after,
•ward general m chief of the Union arnr.y:
Thomas Butler King, who had been ;i
member of Congress from one of the
Southern States; Thomas J. Henley,
father of ex-Cor.gressman Barclay Hen
ley: Robert Semple. the editor of tho first
j-ewspaper in the State and president of
The first constitutional convention: Colonel
J. D. Stevenson, the commander of the
famous regiment that came out from New-
York in 1547. and John W. Geary, later en
Mayor of San Francisco. Governor ol
Pennsylvania ard a general In the Union
army.
The Legislature met fit San Jose, and
while It was a small aftalr and primitive
the Senatorial contest was full of life, and
the candidates kept open houses, or
-ranches." as they were called, and did
their part to cam for the representative
of the people the significant title. "Tha
Legislature of a Thousand Drinks." After
their seating in the Senate the two mem
bers drew lots for term?. Gwin drew the
long term, to expire March 4. 18a5. and
Fremont the phort term, to expire March
4. ISBL' pq that the latter only served some
twelve days.
In the Legislature of IKI a desperate
effort was made to elect a successor to
Fremont, but in vain. There was then no
Federal law that compelled the two
houses to meet in Joint convention, and It
required a concurrent resolution to set the
day for the Joint meeting. However. Feb
ruary 17 was agreed en as the time for the
meeting. When the hour of 12 arrived the
Af-sembly was engaged in a call of the
house, and the Senate took a recess for
ten minutes to give time to prepare the
chamber for the reception of the Assem
bly. The Senate chamber was on the
ground floor, and on account of the crowd
U was deemed imprudent to hold the con
tention in the Assembly hall upstairs.
When the session of the Senate was re
pumed it was stated that several Assem
blymen were absent and that there was
c rumor on the ctreet that one member
had b*>en drugged the ni{:ht before to pre
vent his \oting for Senator. While a vote
was being taken In the Senate to postpone
the joint convention the Assembly was it
th«- door. The motion to postpone was
rsrried. and the astonished Assembly was
In a quandary— it had a Joint convention
on its hands and no Senate to help to ad
journ it. However, the joint meeting was
held and forty-nine votes were cast on
the first ballot; twenty-five were neces
rary to a choice, and no one had near that
number. The balloting was continued un
til the 2Sth. when the one hundred and
forty-second ballot was taken without re
fu!t. acd then, satisfied that they could
n»ver agree, the convention adjourned
sine d!e.
In the Legislature of 1552 the first con
vention met on January 28. The total
vote was ». David C. Broderick then
made his first appearance as . a Demo
cratic candidate for Senator, and the
other aspirant was John B. Weller. On
the 39th an agreement was arrived at and
Weller was elected for the term to expire
March 4. 1557. by 70 votes to 17 that were
ra*t for P. B. Reading, the Whig nom
ln**. ¦
The historical Broderiek-Gwin struggle
r*ran in I£H. Both men were Democrats
enO each a leader of a wing of the party.
Broderick was the head cf the Tammany
or Northern Democracy, and Gwin the
losder cf the Chivalry or Southern wing.
The two were as dissimilar as were the
constituencies they represented. Broder
lck was the pon of a stonecutter, v.lth
only euch education as wan self-acquired.
He had sprang from obscurity Into promi
nence bcrausa cf his natural tact for
leadership. On the ether hand, the path
of Gwin had r.ot had a thorny strewing.
Early in life he had the favor of General
Jaxrkscn, ar.d through It was given the
open sesame to offlce.- He saw at the
close of the Mf-xican War the possibility
for greater political honors in the new
State that must come into being on the
Pacific. Ills strength laid not In the per
sonal following he created In California,
but In the powerful influence he could
command at Washington. The election of
a Senator to succeed Gwin should logical
ly take place Jn 1855, but Broderlck. feel-
Irq that he could not control the Legis
lature of 1554, determined to bring on the
election a year In advance. The Whigs
were In a hopeless minority, but having
nothing to lose by delay united with the
forces of Gwin. At one stage in the ex
citing events that transpired a single vote
v.ould have turned the balance In favor of
Broderick. On January 19. ISM. Ellsha T.
Peck. Senator from Butte County, rose to
. a question of privilege and stated that on
the 7th. while a passenger on the fiteamer
from San Francisco to Benlda, the then
State cajiital, he had been Introduced to
Joseph C. Palmer of the banking house of
Palmer, Cook & Co.. and that later on
that day Palmer had offered him J5OOO If
he would vote to bring on the election at
that session. A committee was appointed
to investigate the bribery charge. Palmer
turned the tables on Peck and explained
that the latter had approached him with
a suggestion that If he was paid the sum
named he would not only vote to bring
on the election but would secure an addi
tional vote.
There were exdtin* meetings of tn«
committee. Tha counsel who appeared
were General Charles H. S. Williams,
Stephen J. Field. Hall McAllister and
Colonel Edward D. Baker, among the
ablest lawyers In the State. But when
tha Senate took tha final vote the result
mi ridiculously absurd. It was In effect
that tha bribery charge against Palmer
had not been sustained, but that the de
cision was not intended In any degree to
reflect upon the honor and dignity of
Peck. At the i>ame session the question of
the removal of the State capital to Sac
ramento was an Important Issue and It
History of the Senatorial Elections in California
after that election senator rmui. ~-
Roach proposed an amendment to the
State constitution that the Governor
should be ineligible to the offlc© of United
States Senator during his gubernatorial
term. While the amendment failed In
proposal by the Legislature It played a
part in the reasons for the calling of the
Constitutional Convention in 1579. A few
days after the Senatorial elections A. D.
Bell, an attache of a San Francisco news
paper, published a statement that the
final vote of Senator S. J.J inney. I hat
had at the last moment been changed
from Shafter to Booth, had been infij;
enced by the receipt of a specific sum
Bell refused to give the authority for
his statement, and the Senate adopted
a resolution to the effect that he_ alone
was responsible for the authorship of
the charge and expelled him frontta
reporters'- desk In tha Senate Cham
ber. Afterward there was a recon
elderatlon by tha Senate and tha In
cident ended by a general smooth-
Ing overN and apologies. A similar
exposure transpired in the . Assembly in
reference to one Converse. Ha had stated
that ha could for money control the Leg
islature The Assembly Issued a warrant
lor bis arrest; a committee to investigate
wu appointed: a conviction of contempt
followed, and he_wa» sent to Jail for six
caucus nomination. When the Legislature
m^t those three were the only candidates
and the odds were in favor of Sargent.*
An unknown factor, however, was held in
reserve by Creed Haymond and Senator
Henry Vrooman, and the surprise was not
sprung until the eve of the meetirrg of tha
Republican caucus. Soon after the legis
lative session opened seven members rrvt
at the rooms of Vrooman. In the Clint*
building, and after a discussion a 't>a;<cr
was drawn up to pledge its sis;ne; 3 to
vote on the first ballot their choice for
Senator, but that on the second ba Int.
their votes should be cast In the panv
caucus for Leland Stanford. There was
a further understanding that each of tH*
seven should Interview other members.
and that such as would abide by the un
derstanding expressed In the pledge shou',l
be Invited to attend, a nv-*-tin«
on the following evening. The roll was
thus swelled and within a week It carried
the names of a majority of the Republican
members. The friends of Perkins knew r>;
and Joined In the movement, many of
those who had been pledged to Sargent
fell Into line, but Sargent and those who
were his stalwart supporters did nit
dream of the new departure until a f».r
hours before the final consummation ct
the scheme. According to the programme
Stanford was nominated In the Repubucvi
caucus on the second ballot. Wh<*n :t
came to the balloting In the houses thera
were but two candidates presented. Stan
ford on the part of the Republicans aM
George Hearst on the part of the Demo
crats. In the Joint convention Stanford
had 79 votes, Hearst 27, Nlles Searls 1
and Farley 1.
Governor Stor.eman called this sama
Legislature to meet In extra session In
July. I&S6. After the regular session had
adjourned the year before, Senator Miller
had died and Hearst ha<l be-n appointed
to serve In hla stead. It doubtless had
not occurred to the Governor that a Sen
ator could be elected at an extra session.
but the Federal statute was clear upon
the subject, and on August 3 the houses
proceeded to elect a short-term Senator.
•William H. Parks, the Speaker of the As
sembly, occupied the same position in this
contest that Sargent had In the resri'.ar
session. He had the support of the Hunt-
Jngton branch of the railroad. A. P. Wi 1 ,.
liams was the candidate of the Stanford
wing, and In the Republican caucua h»
carried off the prize on the first ballot. In
the Joint convention Williams received
70 votes, to 24 for Hearst, and was de
clared elected for the unexpired term, to
end March 4. 1887.
The Legislature of ISS7 was chosen with
a view to the election of a Senator. It
was apparently a Democratic year, and
the railroad preference was known to ba
George Hearst. As the campaign wen:
on this became apparent by certain com
binations made In Republican districts.
There was opposition to Hearst In his own
party, but his Invincible alliance with tha
railroad made all attempts to defeat him
apparently futile. When Democratic can
didates for the Legislature were nomi
nated Hearst sent them checks for S&'M
each, with the request that they use tha
money in their campaign end vote for him
If elected. These checks were returned by
some, but most of them were kept, cashel
and In many cases more was asked f^r.
It Is said that this use of money in a Sen
atorial fight was the motive of the finest
speech ever made by Stephen M. White.
It was at the Democratic State Conven
tion at San Jose, and began: "I am am
bitious to make it possible for a poor man
to aspire to the Senatorship. He was
never forgiven by Hearst or the Exam
iner. W r hen the Legislature of ISS. m-t
It was suposed that Hearst had a walk
over. His flght was In the hands of M, 11
11 am D. English. Senator Tom Clunta
and Christopher Buckley. It became com
mon rumor, however, that English and
Clunie handled the sack.
English, who was to be appointed Har
bor Commissioner. wa« reported to, offer
places on the water front for votes for
Hear3t but as cash was preferred, tha
story got out that Hearst s managers
were holding out the cash and paying In
promises of patronage. Tha feeling be
came so bitter that when the Democratic
caucus met on the 11th day of January
only 45 were present, a number that cou'.d
not elect a Senator In a Joint convention
of 120 legislators. Archibald Tell was
elected chairman of the caucus an.l Lon?
Green" Lawrence secretary. Hearst s
iiipporters made bitter speeches denounc
ing the absentees After muc h wrang
ling the caucus adjourned to the Htn. it
became apparent that some disagreement
existed between English and Clunie on
one side and Buckley on the other.
Hearst was present and took an activw
part in the fight. Thera is a verified
Statement extant that he finally took mat
ters In his own hands. The price to b*
paid for each vote was carried on a Join.,
roll call of the Legislature, which came
afterward to be known as "the wash
list " and on adding these amounts the
sum of $190,000 was paid over, and at th*
next meeting of .the caucus sixty-four
members were prwent. The sing «
absentee was reported to have made hi*
own bargain and received more than tn<s
others and got a place in the Custom
hou«e Hearst was nominated on tne nj3t
ballot", getting fifty-four votes to 4 for
Samuel M. Wilson. 3 for Jackson Tempi*
and 3 for I. W. Hellman. Five days later
he was elected In joint convention, being
nominated by T. J. Clunie. seconded by G.
°j Sc^E^Wllson nominated Henry Vroo
man Hearst had 65 votes, \ rooman »3
il jfeSr h s a t n d C re 1 dd O at H Was S n?ng-ton February ».
IS9I and on March 19 Charles N. Feiton
was elected to serve out the remainder
of the term. Stanford was r«-« l 1 % t 1 cd H , t ,.
mcceed himself on January 11. VSSL hut
died at Palo Alto June 20 1593. and George
-C. Perkins was appointed by Governor
Markham to succeed him and the Legis
lature of 1595 elected him to serve out tha
balance of the term. In January, laa.,
/Governor !n 1871 by the Republicans,. but
Ibecame the leader of the new political
movement, and there was no misunder
standing that he would be urged for tha
fcenatorshlp In the-event of the success
of the Independents, for he had In his
ispeeches during the rarapaign declared
that he had | "burned the bridges behind
him," that would have led back to the
Republican side in the case of a failure.
As stated, Casserly, had resigned and
Booth sought -the -long term that would
commence on March 4, 1875. There was
also to.be considered the election of a
Senator for the short term, to end at the
date mentioned.' The: matter came up in
the:houses on -December 16, .1873. In the
Senate/for the full term. Booth and
; James T.- Farley (D.) and James McM.
Shatter (R.) received each 13 votes; in the
Assembly Booth had 43. to 2S for Farley
: and 9 for Shafter. For the unexplred
term John S.Hager (D.) had in the Senate
IS votes, Jesse O. Goodwin (Ind.) 8. Cor
nelius Cole (R.) 5: while in the Assembly
Hager had 32, Goodwin 10 and. Cole 18.
There. being no joint choice the matter
came up ¦in ] convention : on . the 20th, when
Booth, was' elected for the full term, to
expire March 4, 1881, by a. vote of 61 to 37
for Farley find 27 for Shatter. Three days
later -Hager. was elected to the unexplred
term by a vote of 65. as against 20 for
Thomas H. Lame and 13 for Shatter. This
had been the second Instance In which a
Governor, had been elected to the Senate.
Booth retained the office of Governor un
til he Was: ready to proceed to Washing
ton to take his seat in Congress. Directly
Assembly would pass the bill to bring
on the Senatorial election as Broderlck
desired, and his opponents confined their
efforts to beat him in the Senate. Tha
Assembly passed the bill on March 6 and
the flght went to the Senate. In that body
the greatest excitement prevailed, mani
fested by an ominous silence. Broderick
wen out by one vote, but on reconsidera
tion the following day the Senate receded
from its position and the project of forc
ing on the election was ruined. The hopes
of Broderlck to obtain the coveted priza
were, for the time at least, hopelessly
crushed.
In the Legislature of 1555 the scenes
shifted. Gwin started in with a Demo
cratic majority, but still with not enough
to control the election. Fifty ballots wera
taken from January 18 to February 16. On
the first ballot Gwin had 42, Broderick 12,
Philip L. Edwards (Whig) 36, Joseph W.
McCorkle 14, James A. McDougall 2. with
4 scattering among other Democratic can
didates. The play of Gwin was to bring
on a caucus; that of Broderick to prevent
that mov«» and to Ptave off the election
for the session, with the hope that tha
future Legislature would be favorable to
him. There was a reversal of the posi
tions of the factions from those that had
been assumed In 1554. With consummate
skill Broderlck and his adherents fought
off the caucus and when it became appar
ent that the time of the Legislature was
being wasted to no purpose the Joint con
vention adjourned, leaving the term of
Gwin expired with no elected successor.
The "Know-nothing" or American party
carried the election In 1555 and controlled
the Legislature of 1556. At that Eesslon
Henry S. Foote, formerly of Mississippi,
came within one vote of election to the
vacant Senatorshlp. Wilson Flint, a Sen
ator from San Francisco, though a mem
ber of the American p?«ty, sturdily re
fused to vote for Foote. believing that he
was a pro-slavery man and a carpet-bag
ger to this State. Without the vote of
Flint no progress could be made. His lifo
was tnreatened. but hi 3 friends guarded
him so well that no harm came to him.
The new party lacked discipline, and v«is
E'j divided that no- candidate could be
agreed on. The Democratic minority,
with a little aid from dissatisfied "Know
nothings," passed a resolution through
the Senate declaring it Inexpedient and
contrary to the wishes of the people to
fill the vacancy, and the election was post
poned until the succeeding Legislature.
In the Legislature of 1857 Broderick was
king of the caucus. There were two Sen
ators to be elected— one for the full term
and the other for the four years that re
mained on the unexpircd, term of Gwin.
Broderlck was elected lor the full term
on the first ballot. There were many
aspirants for the short term, and all paid
court to Broderick, for the decision lay
with him. The history of the Intrigues
connected with this election and the cun
ning of Gwin in estranging Broderick
from come of his friends is too familiar
to be again recounted. Gwin abjectly
appealed to the magnanimity of his tri
umphant enemy, and while under exas
peration at disclosures that. seemed to
point at treachery of those he had trusted
Broderlck instructed his followers to vote
for Gwin and he was elected. Gwin had
promised In writing to permit Broderick
to dispense all of the Federal patronage,
but no sooner had the new Senators
reached Washington than It was apparent
that Gwin had the ear of President Bu
chanan and the control of the offices on
this coast. The bitter war that had been
waged between the two men : broke out
with added rancor; the Democratic party
In the State was rent in twain, and the
culmination of the storm of battle was in
the gubernatorial election In 1859. Both
Senators stumped tha : State; their
was Interjected Into the Senatorial flgnt—
the friends of Broderlck favoring the ra
moval. The bill to remove to Sacramento ¦
passed and it was assumed that tba flght
for Broderlck had been won, but tha
movement did not accomplish the result
that was expected. At the session at"
Sacramento It was understood that tht^
speeches were bitterly personal. There
was the bloody termination that seemed
unavoidable, as the custom of that day
was. It was very generally known that
Broderlck would be killed— in fact, the
newspapers had gone so far as to discuss
the subject during the campaign. After
the election a challenge was passed to
Broderick, and he fell in the famous duel
In September. 1559.
Governor Weller appointed Henry P.
Haun of Marysville to serve out.Brodcr
lck's term on October 26, 1859. Milton S.
Latham was elected Governor In 1859 by
the chivalry Democracy, and the second
day after his inauguration the Legislature
adopted a resolution to go Into the election
of a Senator to fill the Broderlck vacancy.
Thera was then no Inhibition to the elec
tion of the Governor to that office, and
It was well known that Latham wanted
It. Ha was presented to the Joint con
vention by the triumphant chivalry De-
The investigation was finally, dropped, but
whatever may have been the truth. as to
the wardrobe Incident it had the* effect
of destroying the chances of Phelps. It
did not, however, help Park, but threw
Conness to the surface, and he was elect
ed on February 10 for the term to expira
March 4. 1860.
The election of the successor of McDou- '
gall was tame and uneventful. The Joint
cpnventlon met on; December 16, 1865. The
Union caucus, on account of the difficulty
of agreeing upon a more prominent cand!
d.ate. had nominated Cornelius Cole, and
he was elected by. a , vote of 92 as against
26 complimentary votes thrown for Will
iam T. Colenian. Democrat.
On* December 20. 1867, Eugene Casaerly
was elected to the Senate to succeed Con
ness. Ho was chosen as a"Democrat on
the third ballot, .receiving 69 votes'" p«
against 45. Including a majority, of the
Senate, cast for Thomas A. Brown. Thi»
was another election In which the accusa
tion of bribery was made. On the 17th.
the day oh which the voting commenced.;
Senator W. J. Shaw, a Democrat,; gay«
notice of an act to punish the offense of
bribing a legislator to vote for a partlcu*
-lar person for United States Senator. Ai
month later Shew again arose and a«kedi
leave to withdraw this notice. Then Sen-i
»tor U B. Mizner (Union) gave nbtlca'oS)
election to be proceeded with on a cer
tain, day, after, organization, the law of
Congress of July 25, 1566.' On Tuesday, De
cember 19, 1871, the ballots were taken In
the houses separately. There had been but
little friction in /the : partisan caucuses.
The Republicans had settled upon Aaron
A. Sargent and the Democrats upon "Wil
liam T. "Wallace. The vote In the Senate
¦was 21 for. Wallace and 18 for Sargent;
in the Assembly, 54 for Sargent and 24
for "Wallace. The following day the Joint
convention elected Sargent. 4
The Independent, or "Dolly Varden,"
party carried the State in 1873 and elected
the majority of the members of the Legis
lature. Kewton *»^otli bad been elected
THE SUNDAY CAL.L.
Perkins. was elected for the full term tfcat
commenced In March of that year and
will expire March 4. 1903.
Stephen M. White was elected January
21, 1593. for a full term to succeed Felton.
and that terminated on the 4th of March*
1599. WINFIELD J.' DAVIS.
10Gwn us smoothly a? a "mall Califor
nia." Irjt then the trouble began to brew,
which usually took several doctors to sub
due. £o the great and only oyster lml
tatcr of this or any other age and gen
eration was forced to shut shop and
"land-made oysters while you •wait" be
came only a memory. " ?¦ •••"
Pfcbably next on the list comes the Chl«
raso mzn who produced e£Cs In a labor
niory far away frcm the cackle of th»
barnyard. S&vvratf Jorea v.ere sold, but
ctorm of- protests If their use was de
tected. ¦ '
However, It remained. for this food in
ventor to convert foreign substances Into
coffee beans. He constructed an Ingen
ious machine that- would mold roasted
bread .crumbs and other starchy sub
stances into .the shape of coffee -beans.
The advantage of these over adulterants
can easily be se«n. Genuine coffee. beans
mixed with these spurious ones could be
sold at double the proilt of ths natural
The Determination of
food Standards.
THE'present Board of Health is
organizing its committees with
a view of maintaining a high stand
ard of foods. In order to secure a
pure food supply the interest must
not come alone 'from the Board of
Health, physicians or press, but
must emanate from the household
ers themselves. One of the main ob
jects in the establishment of a food
bureau is to encourage the houss-
holder to submit all doubtful samples
for analysis. This is a striking prin
ciple of the municipal laboratories
of Paris — special attention is paid to
samples offered by the citizens.
One of the greatest difficulties that
confronts us in our efforts to stamp
out adulterated gqods is the lack of
a national standard for pure foods.
There is such a standard for lard and
butter. and possibly one for cheese
and flour, but all other articles are
subject only to local tests. We have
not. even a State standard, therefore
goods driven out of San Francisco le
gally find a market in a neighboring
city. Any number of .such cases have
clearly demonstrated the necessity of
a uniform standard.
The active and practical work dur-
T a recent meeting of the new
;'lJ\ Board of Health :t r>-as decided
i, c> t>> wagre war against Injurious and
fraudulent articles of diet. It will
be Interesting to note the Ingenious de
ccptlons brought to light by. this "pure
food" rrufade. Having decided that the
Jrtiman stomach has not the digestive ca
pacity of an ostrich, these gentlemen pro
r: save unknowing clt'.zens from
BWillowiug fawduft and kindred sub
etanees.
I'r. J. M. W:!'.iarr«=nn. the president of
the hoard, and his brother members— Drs.
R. W. Eaum. Louis Bazet. W. D. Mc-
CaAhjr and W. B. Hopkins— are deter
mined to do all in their power to raise
the standard of food. Food inventors had
better turn thtir attention to flying ma
chine!:, for soctt or later the eagle eye
if the ''Board of Health will seek them
bat £n<3 mete tie full punishment that
the law allows.
Every now and then some remarkable
Imitation or substitution is brought to the
notice of the press and public. The
French:r.a.n who succeeded in manufac
turing an oyster on dry land, that so
closely resembled th* BUCCOlest bivalve of
the «ea a-s to deceive br-th eye and palate,
ha? not yet been surmised in this line.
If they were easy to make, unfortunate
ly they were hard to digest. They slid
(F^ Ce-NE— The church. The "Wedding
"^=s^ March" from •Lohengrin" sounds
C^-^ *r-yrn thfl organ and the procession
ftarts slowly. The guests turn
their heads toward ' the door, as
though their necks were on pivots, and
begin to whisper. Two young men in new
Clothe* f:;oK shamefacedly from a door
• n tfcfl Diner end ot the church ami take
their places by the chancel. Xobody pays
the least attention v> them:
The hr;i!»j'.s dearest eiifmy— - Doesn't she
look weird in white? A:vl her hair! Did
yo'j ever see purh
Another girl— Well, she's 2S if she's a
day:
j'hclr mother— ls that a rcnl lace veil? I
can't sco very wel!.
The sr:rl— H locks awfully cheap— and
rsot.il diamond! I wronder where they got
the money for iho wedding? They're
poor a»
Mother— lsn't there something the raat
t«r with her father's ool!ar? Poor man!
Somebrjii:.- ongbt to t*>il him.
The girls— He— fee— he— he: It's slipped
up in the back.
A cuest— What's the matter with the
ushers? They're yawning.
A mar.— They had their bachelor dinner
last night. Hot time. I hear.
'Another man— Look at the old man's
collar. Isn't it a sight?
A Kue>t —He had to mortgage h!s house
to crivr- her this wedding.
Another man -Where diJ hs get his
tnoney, arj-how?
A eruest— Stocks! Say, that flrst brides
txoM'm a stunner. Who is she?
A mar.— One of the Van Honks. The
bridegroom used to be spoony on her once.
Flr*t Kirl— She** as ptle hs n ghost! Tell
me, is it true that <-he v.as engaged to
young Van fiaequette?
Another girl— For two yer.rs. She was
perfectly wild
Firs-T girl— ls he here to-.iay"
Another girl— He's the fourth usher—
the ci«=ir>;<te<l-lonkinc one.
First girl— They say he's in love with
b*"* 1 \ft'.
Mother— They're all out cf etep— he— he—
he— he!
A mp.n— Wntrh papa' try *n push hts col
lar down tvHh th«* back of his head.
Another man-Til bet you ten he does
It— no— ypE— no
Papa— This collar will give me apoplexy.
The bride— Hold your head way back,
and it simply can't slip up. And. oh! do
look' sad, pa, please, or Tom will think
you're glad to get rid of me.
The Bridesmaids.
First bridesmaid— Look at the Van
Styles, in their old spangled gowns. Walk
slower, so we can see the people.
Second bridesmaid — There's Fanny
Foolsom. I'm going to smile and bow all
the way. It looks horrid to be too stiff.
Third bridesmaid— Look at poor Tom.
He doesn't seem a bit happy, does he? I
wonder if he really does care for her.
Fourth bridesmaid— Do you think the
pins are pretty?
First bridesmaid— Rather. I hate pearls,
though. I think Pinky might have had
diamonds; they're so small.
Second bridesmaid — But the bouquets
are superb! Let's hold them up high.
Third bridesmaid— Tom paid for them,
you know*. He's a dear boy. He used to
send me such lovely flowers! Do you
really think he's happy? He's so pale.
Fourth bridesmaid — They're always
rale! This is the third time. I've been
bridesmaid, and I've always noticed It.
First B. M.— Look at that little Mrs.
Widowton! She's perfectly wild at Tom's
marrying Finky. She had her eye oil him
herself.
Second B. M.— Look at Pinky's pa's col
lar. Isn't it funny?
Third B. M.— Have you seen the golng
away gown? It's a dream.
Fourth B. M.— M— m— . TurquoU" blua
cloth nnd sabl-3.
Third B. M.— Poor, dear Tom. He cer
tainly docs look unhappy!
The Ushers.
First usher— Look at 'em all rubbering!
Fay, get In step. Left. left, left— slowl
That's it. You got It. Now keep it.
Second usher— Look at poor old Tommy
up there. You'd think he'd lost bia.last
friend. . - "
Third usher— Glad it's him and not me.
Say, go slow. This isn't a two-step. Oh,
my head! '.'¦...
Fourth usher— lt's a terrible mistake to
have a bachelor dinner on the night be
fore a wedding. I'm surprised that \w'm
here at all. Who' took Tom home?
First usher — You can search me.. I didn't
notice. What'S your rush; old man? You're
not playing golf. Left, left, left I
assistants, all physicians, will have their
hands full carrying out their plans.
The Board of Health has determined
that as far as it lies In Us power San
Kranctsco-shall have pure food to eat and
pure air to oreathe.
ing the last few years has naturally
increased the labors of the chemist
of the Board of Health. The work of
the analytical chemist is in deter
mining whether a food is adulterated
and estimating the extant of the
adulteration. There the chemist's re
sponsibility ends. Whether that
adulteration is injurious to the con
sumer is a question for the physi
cians to answer.
The layman has no idea of the time
expended in the analysis of food 3 or
the tediousness of the processes in
volved. No set formula can bs fol
lowed by the analytical chemist in
passing upon the quality of food. It
calls for much work and frequently
there are contradictions, the" latter
calling for new methods of research.
ing, products. All of this shows that
the chemist of to-day cannot be too
dogmatic in his statements regarding
the purity or adulterations of foods.
It is not to be understood, however,
that everything is involved in doubt.
In most instances there are positivo
scientific grounds for forming an
opinion. '. ..
One of the chief reasons for manu
facturers tampering with the pure
articles is that the manufacturer*
send articles, formerly thought to
be perishable, all over the world.
Goods sent from here to Manila or
Cape Nome must reach their destina
tion in good condition. The art lies
in correcting the defects in prepared
foods and yet adding nothing injuri
ous. The manufacturer must bs
an indignant cock-a-doodle-do arose when
it was discovered that the laboratory
laid egg wouldn't stay In shape in the
frying pan. It ran helter-skelter and re
fused to be fried like a well-behaved un
scientific'exg. Even scrambled. It looked
rather pale and tasted' aMlttle "off." So
the egg-manufacturer concluded to let the
• hirkens keep their" corner on the egg
layir.g business.
Not many moons sjnee the papers had It
that a mail in'Cleveiand had made.a fluid
in every respect resembling milk and hav
ing all Its nutritive Qualities. He claimed
that by the use of electricity and the
chief articles that go to make cow's milk
lie had discovered a process that would
dispense with time-honored bossy. But
as bossy is still permitted to graze where
the grass grown sweetest it Is safe to pre
sume that her Cleveland rival wan merely
boasting or else was mistaken and has
since give" m> his task.
Last year the pure food experts dis
covered that a man In this city was man
ufacturing coffee beans. It has long been
The custom of some dealers to increase the
bulk of ground coffee by the addition of
foreign substances. Fig seeds, roasted
corn husks and ground cocoa shells can
safely be used without detection. Chicory
is a foreign Ingredient In coffee, that Is
often demanded by the consumer, but the
other articles would certainly raise a
coffee beans. The Inventor was doing &
thriving trade with the dealers when the
food experts drove him out. of the busi
ness. He has probably simply moved his
machine, elsewhere. - .''. * i
The- Board of Health keeps a constant
eye on the" standard articles. They watch
for the ground «pcpp<ir "that is mixed with
sawdust and for like harmful adulterants
of other .spices. They insist that a food
shall be what Its label claims. They do
not object to cottonseed or mustard oil
unless it is labeled olive oil. Last year
of 108 samples from different dealers
marked "olive oil" and "extra fine olive
oil," only fifteen were found to be as rep
resented. These investigations are largely
increasing the percentage of honest labels.
The Board of Health intend that the
meat and lish inspectors shall do their
work most thoroughly. A strict lookout
will be kept for the f.nmature calves that
are smuggled into the markets hidden in
the vegetable wagons and then dressed
and sold as veal. The inspectors have
orders to pour coal oil over all meats
found not fit to <*at, 'which will positively
prevent their sale. ¦¦ Milk will be as
thoroughly tested and watched as in the
past.
Bath, laundry and baltery- inspectors
will be kept busy looking into the condi
tions of these places. The sanitary com
mittee, consistins of a chief, and twelve
What the Pure food Crusaders Are Planning to
Do for San Francisco.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Second usher— lf you'd only keep off my
feet 1 might
First usher— lf the old gentleman's col
lar looks like that during the ceremony
It'll break up the church. Left. left, lcfi!
Third usher— That's what you gc-: for
not wearing them attached. Did you hear
the old chap objecting to our turning up
our trousers? I guess he thought he was
running this thing.
Fourth usher— He made Tom turn LU
down, but Tom turned them up again. The
old man didn't know, you know.
First usher— Just the kind of a man that
would wear collar buttor.s— isn't he? left.
left, left! Get in the game, fallows, and
look pleasant. AVe'r«* near there.
The music stops. There is a flutter and
then a silence.
The Clergynjarv
This man and this woman having ccma
before me . . . .
The establishment of a food stand
ard presents many difficulties also.
An olive oil which would be normal
and a pure food product in California
would not in every particular . com
pare in chemical and physical tests
with a sample from Southern Europe.
Just so" with wines, ...honeys, and
canned fruits. The variations in cli-
Snate, soil and conditions give vary-
watch?d, or knowingly or unwitting
ly he adds something that is dele
terious.
I believe that food, adult-ration is
on the decline in America. ; Thare aro
plenty of pure foods, even prepared
goods, in the market, and with, a
critical Board cf Health to combat
dishonest labels the householder and
consumer are protected.
A man— It's worse than ever— ha— ha—
ha! The ushers are getting on
Mother— The idea of their having Cora
Van ireok for a bridesmaid after the
scandalous
The bride's dearest enemy — That's Just
to show you they're so friendly, don't
you know?
The sirls — He-he-he-he! I declare,
Ornce Hltil is rouged up to the eyes.
Let's have your lorgnette a minute.
A man— They say. Van . Racquette
¦wouldn't come to the rehearsal. Said he
couldn't stan-i it.
Another man— As bad as that, eh?
A suest— l Uiink they're the tousrhest
looldng lot of ushers I ever saw. Where
iiUl they get them?
A man— Belonged to the trroom's class
or something. The last two look like
prize-fighter?
A guest (humming the march)—Turn
turn i>y- turn— turn- tumpy-tum— why don't
they get in line?
Pcpa and the Bride.
The bride— For heaven's sake, pa, jet In
step and get off my gown—
The bride-Sh— eh—! What's the mat
ter? ¦ •
Papa— That collar button
has flipped down my hack and the collar
is up around my head, that's all.
The lTiil- — Try and push it down. Act
as though you didn't know. Don't seem
10 look around, pa— but. tell me— just
peek— is my wreath on straight? Oh.
<lo keep off my skirt. You didn't act a
bit Mke this at the rehearsal.
Papa .
The bride— People will hear you! Now.
remember to look sad when, you give m*
away— and don't seem to hurry. Oh, I
fomot what I must say.
Papa— Just repeat — - this col-
Inr: Rej-eat what the clergyman says—
jupt mumble it. -
The- hrioV— I simp'y won't say "Obey."
I told Tom so last night. I "shall say
••Love, honor and be. gay." He said if I
did he'd stop the ceremony.
Papa— Well, don't stop it, understand.
This thing has cost me more than I was
«ncr worth. I've mortgaged everything I
own. and— ¦
The bride — Don't you care; Tom'a rich.
Gtt off my gown, pa.
11
WHAT
THEY
ALL SAID
AT THE
WEDDING..THE SUNDAY CALL.
12THE SUNDAY CALL.
12BCZE H32AD LAAOE3, Zrid-7, Feb. 23.— TtztzrCzj ths Briti3h crossed tha Tcfjela la larys anm
bers,.with cannon and over cisty xrigona. They attacked ths Zmclo and Middle burghers com
mandoes, but' wero- forced to retreat under a heavy Mauser fire. A renewed attempt to storm th»
] .. Ennelo men was made this morning', but the British were again driven off. Th« fighting continues.
The British losses were heavy. Eight cmbulancca wsxa employed in collecting tha dszd and
wounded. The generals. report that the coranendoca ara lighting bravaly.'
LadyEmith fired a 'few slicllc this ncrzirg ct cur outposts till eibneed by "Lcs^ Tora."
LONDON, Feb. 24.— The T7ar Offlco to-day received Trom Qtneral Bullcr a list c£ caaualUea rcsnlt
tCing from the fighting of February 22, a3 follows:
;" ¦ ' - . . KILLED.
Lieutenant, tho Hen. H. C. Cathcart, son c* Lord Cathcart of the Rifle Brlgad:, Ll«ctesants Coa
' and Parker of the. Lancashire Eefflmcnt.
;'? Fourteen officers,, including Major General "KTy^no and Colonel Harris 0- tha Zasl Burrs 73.
General' Bailer, concludes: "Owing to the contiguous fighting It la lzz^csslbla at present to
' give the number of rain killed or -wounded.'*
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 87. '
The San Francisco Call
f ¦ W* ?* if if fr* * if. if if * if, if * *.* * if if 'Mi
pages 13 to 221
British Forces Said to Have Lost Heavily, and
Eight Ambulances Collect the Dead
and Wounded.
Belief in London That Roberts Is Withholding
the News in Order to Trap Boer Re
inforcements From Natal/
BOERS REPORT HAVING
DRIVEN GEN. BULLER BACK
PERSISTENT RUMORS THAT
CRONJE HAS SURRENDERED
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by the New York Herald Company.
LONDON, Feb. 25, 4:35 A. M.— Since 2:15 o'clock yesterday afternoon nothing has .
been received from the scene of what the London papers call General Cronje's .
death-struggle, the War Cff ice officials anncuncing at midnight that they had "
. nothing to give out. They stated that they believed it to be impossible for Cronje to es
cape from the grip of Lord Roberts.
The report circulated in Ecrln that Crcnje had succeeded in making his escape
came from Beer headquarters in Brussels, where it was stated details were still lacking.
LOSTDON, Feb. 25.-^-Persistent reports circulated all day yesterday that General Cronjo had surren
dered, but as the War Office would give no definite information the stories were generally dis
missed as untrus. Lats last night, however, tho rumor again got about in clubs that Cronje was a
prisoner. The War Office, when asked about it, depeated what had been stated during ths day: "Nothing
to communicate f rcm front/ .
Nevertheless, the story came from such a source as gave room for belief that it was true, and that .
the War Office was holding back information for some nascn. It is thought by sbma ' that Lord Bobsrts'
game is to encourage the Boers in hurrying from Natal and elsewhere in the hops Of ralieving Cronje and
then defsat them in detail. Were it allowed to become kno-rn in Pretoria that C»-onje's army had suc
cumbed, the Boers, instead of rushing upon Boberts' army where it is at present and prepared to cope with
all the forces sent against it, would surely retire to another position and await Roberts' advance.
Accordingly this was the argument by some in the clubs last night: *"If Cronjo is captured ; we
shall not know it from an official source until it suits Lord Roberts and th* War Office to make it public."
io commuHiwK. u^ »«uv. - f The fact that Commandant De * LONDON, Feb. 24.— The T7ar Omco to-day received from General Boiler a list cf caaualtlea result- ••
? Nevertheless, the. story came from such a source as E av e room for belief that it w . [\
4* the War Office was holding back information for some r-ason.lt is thought by soma that Lord Bobsrts' ? NY eir sirucK in ai retrilSl'Crg T . & . .•••*•• ° . '. ..V _-.____
% game is to encourage the Boers in hurrying from Natal and elsewhere in the hop* of r 2 lieving Cronje and *! would indicate that Blqemfontein ± Lieutenant, the Hen; P.. C. Cathcart, son cZ Lord Cathcart of the Siflo Bri«d:, Ll^tentnta Co« *
T then defsat them in detail. Were it allowed to become kno^n in Pretoria that C^oaje's army had sue- " and not Bravidfort is the railway X and Parker of the Lancashire Regiment. X
V cumbed, the Boers, instead of rushing upon Boberts' army where it is at present and prepared to cope with base of the Boer army. It seems "* ° WOUNDED. "•
X all the forces sent against it, would surely rstire to another position and await Roberts' advance. t very doubtful if time will wrmit - r* Fourteen officers;, includiz- Major General fTy^io and Colonel Harria ct tha ZasS Buttsts. W
T Accordingly this was the argument by some in the clubs last night: -If Cronjo is captured we V >„ .¦ . amii. permit .. . General -Buller concludes:- "Owing to the cont^uoua fighting it la lz: ? «5lbla tt present to "
i shall not know it from an official source until it suits Lord Roberts and th» War Office to make it public." f a sufficiently, large force of .Boers f. v<j th<J number of mm. k illed or mounded." " V ™™ W ¦ -I
T . , . J being gathered together to- really I ¦ . ¦. ' - . ' ;;
tH-H^S-H^-4-rH-H-l'! 111 : I 1 1-X-K^"::-:^:^ endanger the British communi «-X ::I I I I 'H 1 W •"¦H l 'I 1I 1 X IfrK^-^t-X-W^
cations or to breakthrough to Cronje's relief. As to the Natal situation also rumor has been very. busy. , A series of reports have come '.through Xape Town and Durban that Ladysmith is relieved, but no ercuenee li given the stories.
It is now nearly a week since General Buller reported that he was confronted by only a weak rear guard, yet he appears to have made !very little progress since the capture of Hla:*.g\vana: Mountain and the occupation of Fort Wviie,
which placed in his possession a strong point : on each side of the river. • One puzzling of the situation isfound in the report that the^Boers still have, big guns .on Bulvana; Mountain, though 1 it is not clear 1 whether the re^
doubtable "Long Tom" is still in position there. It was stated two days ago that their big guns had been "removed; oh- MondayV inforrnatidn of which morcthan anything else gave rise to the report and convinced everybody that the
siege of Ladysmith was about to be raised without loss. of time. Now it is. apparent how, inaccurate thisiiriformatioh.was." Consequently the intention of i the Boers to siege of Ladysmith has become v matter of doubt, An ex-*
traordinary telegram which has reached London from Boer sources by a roundabout route states that British force- h^ a story for a moment, since in the opinion o| Blili-.
tar>- experts Bullet, with a grip on "Fort Wylie, and Inhlawe iMountain, could not be compelled to retire except by a v seriqus interruption "to hiscommurinicatiohs. -^
LONDON. Feb. 25.— Face
to face in both the Free
State and Natal the oppos
ing armies stand, apparently
without vital change since Fri
day. It was expected and even
very confidently asserted by thosej
who had made careful .study of
the progress of events .that we
should surely hear of 'Crp]ije's
surrender by yesterday,. but from
latest accounts" he 'sccmsTto > be
still holding out. '
There arc rumors,' but nothing
more, through Cape Town and
Durban that Cronje has surren
dered, but they are: not generally
credited. At any rate the War
Office has not received anything
to back up these stories.
There is ¦ news under Thurs-
day's date from Paardeberg
which, though not official, is con
sidered trustworthy.* On that day
the Boers were still holding but.
Their laager was being shelled
intermittently, but Cronje had
apparently not altered his mind
and was still determined to per
sist in defense to the last. in the
hope, no doubt, that reinforce
ments would succeed in accom
plishing his relief. That reinforce
ments have, been sent to him is
made clear ,by a message already
referred to, which says that two
thousand "Boers are operating
southeast of the British 'positions.
These may be the force of Com
mander De Wett, which is trying
to make a diversion to enable
Gronje to slip through the net
which has been drawn around
him.
Lord Roberts has with him,
however, an army variously esti
n^atcd at 40,000 to 50,000 men of
all: arms. When one bears in
mind the ease with which the
British have invariably defeated
the Boers when permitted by cir
cumstances .to act on. the de
fensive it is difficult .to believe
that any attempt at relief could
be successful. Such at any rate
is the opinion of the best-military
experts here. .
From Berlin and The Hague Come Reports That the Free- State and
Transvaal Forces Have Formed a Junction and Are Well Entrenched.^
Rumors in London That Roberts Has Captured Cronje, but Is With
holding the News in Order to Trap Boer Reinforcements From Natal.
SURRENDER AND ESCAPE OF CRONJE ARE
THE STORIES CIRCULATED
SAN FRANCISCO, SUXDAY, FEBRUARY 25,; 190Q-7 THIRTY-T>VO : PAGESi
PKIOE FIVE CENTS.
BERLIN, Feb* 24.— Several newspapers here announce that they learn from private sources that General Cronje has succeeded in forcing his way
through the British lines. / '"•'*-^:V}'-'S,'' .) :: /J^> V. \
NEW "YORK, Feb. 24. — A cable dispatch from The Hague to a prominent Dutch resident of New York printed in the Evening Journal says:
"Dn Leyds has received the following dispatch from President Krager; 'Free State and Transvaal forces together south of Paardeberg. Reinforced
and well entrenched. "' :. - ' "/- r /!",; * V" : .'•;".:..-•//:-,-' V
I Pages 13 to 22 !
Lieutenant Roberts'. Urging on the Men in the Rescue of the
Guns at Colenso.
British Chaplain- on- the Charging Line "Giving the Last Comfort
to a Dying Man.
From Black and White." A Good Maxim is
Never Out of Season/
Slither is a good family medicine, like
Hood's Sarsaparilla. It tones up the sys-
tem, cures catarrh, rheumatism, scrofula
and all stomach troubles, and ivards off
sickness. All <who are 'weak and 'worn
by the effects of illness or overwork find
in its use appetite, strength and health.
Disordered Stomach — "Now -a-
days I can eat anything I wish because
Hood's Sarsaparilla keeps my stomach in
order." H; Stone, Sherborn, Mass. ¦
1 Catarrh- "Hood's Sarsaparilla has
cured my husband's catarrh troubles, and
given me relief from sick headache."
'SMrs.L W. SMorris. Binghamton, N. Y.
ceiver three years ago, and Judge Valliant
at once appointed ex-Governor Stone re
ceiver. At various periods since the cred
itors have been pushing an inquiry into
the conduct of the institution.
The warrants were issued barely within
the time allowed for a criminal prosecu
tion in the Mullanphv Bank case. The
time expires on Monday, February 26.
Galnes and his associates In the prosecu
tion assert that efforts had been made to
pacify them and prevent them taking
criminal action until the three years hau
expired. Galnes attempted to get before
the Grand Jury with his allegations, and
did get into the room in November, he
said, but was ejected by the doorkeeper.
Lnder the statutes of Missouri the re
ception of money by bank officials after
they know the Institution Is Insolvent is a
felony. When the bank failed nearlythree
years ago it had nearly IGOO depositors,
and these. It is stated, have received 59 1-3
cents on the dollar. Their deposits aggre
gated more than JjOO.ihX). Despairing of
securing a settlement in full by civil pro
ceedings, the depositors finally decided to
bring criminal action against the officers
and directors of the bank.
Several of jhe heaviest borrowers of the
bank were speculators, whose notes were
secure 1 by the article in rhicil trey wer»
speculating. Among them was T S~
Teusc.ier. a whisky speculator, whose
overdrafts amounted to SSO.OOO. President
Rottman admitted that this was a dead
loss. It was alleged that the president
borrowed freely from the bank to push
nls whisky business. He put hie stock
up for collateral. Other whisky ileaiors
fL°i cV X p .l d< -,. had thelr P ft P er honored
freely by the directors. Another factor in
the bank* downfall was the withdrawal
of many livestock traders from No-th
Broadway to East St. Louis.
GENERAL CORBIN
MUST EXPLAIN
Called in the Wardner
Inquiry.
»
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— The House
Committee on Military Affairs to-day con
tinued the Investigation of the Idaho labor
riots. Stinson concluded hla narrative be
gun yesterday on the treatment received
while under arrest, and R. V. Crozier,
United States District Attorney for Idaho,
testified as to the prosecution of the
miners. He had prosecuted thirteen and
convicted ten for interfering with mail
trains. Beyond these legal proceedings he
had no information on the subject. . He
said, however, that he had expressed the
opinion that the wholesale arrests by the
military without the formality of war
rants were illegal.
The committee decided to subpena Gen
eral Corbin and Captain Bennett of the
army to get from them certain features
of the action of the military authorities
while on duty In Idaho.
• Ramson Miller, a night watchman at
one of the mines near- the scene of the
disturbance, testified that he was arrested
without process and without charges,
although ne had been in the hospital at
the time of the blowing up of the Bunker
Hill mill. He detailed incidents in the
"bull pen." At one time, he said, a col
ored soldier had threatened to shoot him
for some trifling infraction, ajid on an
other occasion the corporal of the guard
had- announced, with oaths and .with a
pistol In his hand, that Jie would shoot the
first man caught smoking. The witness
described the arrangements of the prisons
and the vileness resulting from the lnabll-
SOCIETY PREPARES
FOR MARDI GRAS BALL
Proceeds Will Be Devoted Toward
Housing the O'Connor Art
' ' " Collection. * . '"•""
Special Dispatch to The Call. . -- .
SAX JOSE. Feb. W.-Tho Mardl Gras
ball to be given next Tuesday night by. tha
O'Connor Art Association will be the roost
brilliant society affair ever held in San
Jose. The big Rose Carnival pavilion: la
being handsomely decorated, and fully ZOOO
maskers will be on the floor.
The committee of ladies which Is raisins
money to erect a building for the O Con
nor Art Gallery, with' Mrs. E.'*'O. Sirit'iY
and Mrs. Mitchell Phillips at Its head, has
charge of the arrangements and is meet-
Ing with the greatest success. Besides -a
full outpouring of San Jose's polite so
ciety, .large delegations from' Burltngame
and San Francisco are expected. The pa
vilion has been canvased and'the decora
tions are unique and tasty. evergTcns.
bunting and electric lights being used fa
profusion.
The costumes will probably be the finest
and richest ever seen on the coast, as (ha
society people are taking an especial in
terest In the affair. A prince and princess
have been chosen, "and there is quite a
flurry of excitement among the peopla'aa
to who they are.
Many of tho societies will attend in a
body and represent, picturesque groups ot
colonial times. Other features are; a baby
show and policemen's chorus.
The proceed^ go to aid in erecting an »rt
building. The association has already
nearly $10,000 cash, and about this mtica
more is needed. Mrs. M. P. O'Connor do
nated an art collection . valued at iSO.OGd,
on the condition that the citizens erect.a
suitable building.
BAL PURE AT
HOTEL CORONADO
Guests Appear in Quaint
Costumes. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 24.— Admiral Kautz
and Mrs. Walter Dean led the grand
march on Thursday evening at the bal
poudro given In honor of Washington's
birthday, and which proved to be the
most delightful social function of the sea
son, at Hotel, del Corcnado. .The hotel is
thronged with guests, there being more
than J>oo registered visitors,. lncluding of
course the 150 or more who make. Coro
nado their permanent home, having found
it the most delightful home they can find
away from the business which has 1 en
abled them to live here without worry
as to what may happen to their interest*
elsewhere.
The great ballroom was handsomely
decorated, thousands of yards of. red,
wnite and blue bunting being used. There
were dancers enough to flu a directory
and the powdered hair of the ladies and
gentlemen, with the quaint colonial cos
tumes of some and the magnificent gowns
of all, formed a scene which will live for
years in the rrilnds of those who were
present. The patronesses of the ball were
Mrs. Admiral Kautz, Mrs. Babcock, Mrs.
Nordhoff, Mrs. McCalla, Mrs. Sablne, Mrs.
Stephens, Mrs. Bacon, Mrs. Manser and
Mrs*. Horton, and the executive commit
tee was Mrs. Crossltt and Mrs. Herbert
Dabney.
The band of Admiral Kautz was pres
ent fromtheflagship and furnished most
delightful music from behind a screen of
natural plants and bamboo. Among the
many others In the grand march were
Captain Goodrick of the lowa and Mrs.
Herbert Dabney, Captain H. G. O. Colby,
U. 8. S. Marblehead.and Miss Mcßrler;
Captain and Mrs. Smith, Royal Navy, H.
M. S. Pheasant: Mr. Ling. Royal Navy,
and Miss Llllie Spreckels: Lieutenant
Scott. Royal Navy,- and Mrs. Langley;
Dr. Star, Royal. Navy, and Miss Florence
Ward; William G. Irwin and Mrs. John
D. Spreckels, A; H. Omsted and Miss Hor
ton, John D. Spreckels - and Miss
Spreckels.
There were scores and scores of hand
some gowns, perhaps as great In number
as ever graced a ballroom outside of the
occasions of national functions in the
greater centers of population.
Mrs. 'Kautz -wore a handsome gown of
heavy silk with delicate striplngsof red.
white and blue; lace panels, bodice of
duchesse lace, low corsage and diamonds.
Mrs. Sablne, ¦ a -remarkably beautiful
gown of white satin, 'point lace trimmings
and magnificent diamond and pearl orna
ments. ' ¦.;:'.
Mrs. Anson'P. Stephens looked charm
ing in a pearl gray silk imported gown,
with point laco nnishlngs.
Mrs. Manser was attired in black lace
over white silk, jet trimmings.
Mrs. Horton, black silk and lace; dia
mond ornaments.
Mrs. Herbert Dabney, white silk.
Mrs. John D. Spreckels wore a beautiful
Paris gown of gray silk crepon, irides
cent silver trimmings; diamonds.
Mrs. W. G. Miller wore a dainty gown
of light blue satin.
Miss Medora Plat, one of the much ad
mired belles of the evening, was attired
in an exquisitely simple gown of white
silk.
Mrs. Sheldon G. Evans was one of the
strikingly, pretty women at the ball, wear
ing black lace, with duchesse trimmings;
low corsage. ,".:'-'
Miss Mabelle Pierce in pink brocaded
satin was a charming picture;of ye olden
times.
Miss Spreckels, tall and stately.' looked
queenly in a handsome .imported gown of
white silk and duchesse lace.
-Miss Llllie Spreckels presented a very
pretty picture in. a charming gown of
white lace over corn-colored silk.
Miss Sturges looked very pretty in black
lace and jet.
Mrs. Kuhl wore one of the handsome
gowns of the evening, pearl silk and lace.
Mlbs Klrby, the belle of Coronado Beach,
wore "black net, duchesse lace, low. cor
sage.- ' * " ¦'>.-¦'"¦'•'
Mrs. Catherine Toft* President of* ihe
Valkrien Association, of Chicago, in a re-
cent letter writes the" following: ' r ¦•;
institutions 'of the United States use Te-
riina.' ; They do . so , because- they have
learned, by experience that it is a valuable
medicine. ¦• • /. .-
Not only is it a valuable medicine, but it
is applicable to the climatic ailments of
winter and summer. Extremes of heat and
cold In the United States make it a land
of catarrh.
Xearly everybody has catarrh. This Is
more especially true among the mldde
and lower classes. Exposure to the cli-
mate, hard work and unventilated sleeping
rooms are the principal causes. Charitable
institutions have found, by bitter experi-
ence, that catarrhal diseases not only are
tht; most numerous of all other diseases
put together, but they are the hardest to
cure. »
Peruna Is a specific for this class of dis-
eases. No other remedy can take Us
place. Thousands of cases of chronic cd-
tarrh are cured by the use of simply a
bottle. People who have spent large sums
to be cured of catarrh have turned to Pe-
runa as a last resort artd been cured by
the use of a single bottle.
The Eminent Kidsey Specialist, Discoverer cf Swamp-Root, is His Laboratory.
. Just as sure as the breaJt of dawn I
means another day, so does pain In the i
back indicate kidney trouble.
When your kidneys become weak and ;
are unable to throw off the waste in the
blood, they clog up with poisonous mat-
ler. break down, cell by cell, and the
particles pass away in the urine.- Then
the albumpn, which makes rich, red
blond, leaks out, your system breaks
down ajid you have what is known to j
all mankind as Bright's Disease.
Brijarhfs Disease is taking away more
lives to-day than any other known ail-
ment. excrptinE: possibly consumption; t
and yet v.lth a little attention you may |
prevent fik-Ii a calamity as Bright's
Disease befalling you. .1 . ,-r i
Are you fortified with the necessary!
knowledge about Cright's Disease? Do
ynu know how to find out if there is i
anything Ihe matter with your kid-;
neys? Here in a simple but sure test: |
In the morninp, on arising, take, of
your urine about four ounces ansjl rjfutj'
it in a class bottle; let It stand about-i
twenty-four hours, and if, on examina- <
Tlon, you find any settling' or sediment,
if it if cloudy, or if small particles float
in it. th^n you may b<* assured that na-
ture has warned you, and that .your-
kidneys need attention. . • ¦.
Th» mild and immediate effect of the
famous new discovery, Swamp-Root, Is
soon realized. It stands the highest i
for its wonderful cures of the most !
distressing cases.
Swamp-Root is the discovery of the j
eminent kidney specialist, and is not j
recommended for all diseases, but if j
"you have kidney, bladder or uric acid j
troubles, or diseases" depending uponj
these disorders, you will- find -Swamp-
Root Just the remedy you need.
Swamp-Root Is used in the leading i
hospitals and is taken by doctors
themselves who have kidney ailments,
because they recognize in it the great-
est and most successful remedy for !
kidney and bladder troubles. V .J
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys-'i
tern right, and, In: order ,that- t ail af-J
nicted may knpwlt^ benefits, a special i
arrangement Has been made with The
San Francisco Sunday Call by which
all readers of our paper who wilPsend I
their names and addresses to Dr. Kil- ¦
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. V., will
bfc sent absolutely free, by mall, a
sample bottle of Swamp-Root: Also a
book of value treating- of all;klnds of
kidney diseases and containing 1 some of
the thousands of testimonial letters'
received from sufferers cured.
If ypu are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and $1
size bottles at the drug stores. i
Three Deaths In a Fire.
BLACKWATER, Ont.,Feb. 24.— Russell
Luke, ' aged 18 . years; Wesley Hodgson,
aged 18, and Gertie ' Luke,: aged' 10,' were'
burned to death in a nre> that destroyed
Mr. Luke's residence near here yesterday.
BOORD'B
/"CAT ON BARREL."\
V LO>i.ON. Ii.MiLAM). )
OLD TOM, DRY
and SLOE GINS
ORANGE
BITTERS.
CHAItI.ES MEINTSCKE ft CO..
A.GCXT& ZU Easraxneato rt.. & F.. CsJ.
Things are prone to look rosy when we
run Into debt, but not long afterward
everthing* is dun-colored.— Boston Tran-
script.
ORDINANCES CLASH.
Marin Saloons May in the Future Re-
main Open All Night.
Sr^clal MsDatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 24.-The town or
dinances and those of the county regard
ing the time at which bibulous citizens
must be ejected from saloons have clashed
and as a consequence local bonlfaces niay
be able to conduct business without a li
cense and the festive steam foam in long
schooners till the break of day.
Last Wednesday night the townsmen as
sembled at Armory Hall to dance the
hours away. The oxercise induced a oeau
tiful thirst among the masculine terp
slchoreans. and a saloon within an ea-y
walk of the hall did a land office business
At 11 o'clock, say the Town Trustees sa
loong within the rity limits must close
their doors. The county ordinance how
ever, provides that on the payment of a
fee of 12 J} saloon' keepers may obtain a
special license enabling them to keep open
t:ll all hours of the night or day. The
saloon man. anticipating a rushing busl
jiess, had pungled up his %2 50 and laid in
an extra stock of wet goods. All night
a line of thirsty dancers moved between
the saloon and the dance hall, and the
dance hall and the saloon. It was 4 o clock
before the last schooner passed over the
bar.
Yesterday City Attorney T. P. Uoyd was
instructed by the Trustees to bring suit
against the saloon man for violation of
the town ordinance ordering saloons
closed at 11 o'clock. The saloon man, how
ever, will contest the case, an he has paid
his fee to the Sheriff and had his special
license to keep open past the usual hour.
Kellogg Sentenced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•SAN JOSE. "Feb. 24.— Walter Kellogg,
who broke into' a. number o* houses and
etole the lead pipe used in plumbing, wsj3
to-day, sentenced to. six months in the
CojJnty Jail on a charge of tfetty larceny.
There were five separate charges of burg
lary against Kellogg, and he pleaded
guilty to one of these.' When he came up
before Judge Lorigan for sentence ho
pleaded -with the court to be sent to San
Quentin bo that he might free himself
from the coraine habit. The court took a
more lenient view of the matter and or
dered the case reduced to grand larceny.
To-day Justice Wallace sentenced him to
six months.fectew^riasyw^i^'^^ffera^jK
BANK CREDITORS
WERE DEFRAUDED
Echo of the Mullanphy
Failure.
ITS OFFICIALS ARRESTED
>
DEPOSITOBS ACT AITEB THREE
YEARS.
Complaining Witness Declares
Was Ejected From a Grand Jury
Room When He Sought
to Testify.
?
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 24.— 0n application, of
a committe© representing l&Ki creditors
¦warrants were issued to-day for the ar
rest cf the following officers of the de
funct Mullanphy Savings Bank: J. H.
Rottmann, president; Louis G. Kam
merer. cashier; Henry Klages, Conrad
Kelleirman, Charles Schumacher. Joseph
Marks. Caspar Gestring and Frederick
Bolte, directors. '.
It is charged that the president, cashier
and ' directors were remiss- in. their care
of the bank's funds and that to criminal
negligence was due the final collapse of
the institution. The application for the
•warrant was made by Charles H. Reader.
Louis Hermann. EL P. Galnes, William
Theam and Philip Tauif. who made affi
davit to the Information On behalf of llio
creditors. Among the witnesses who aro
mentioned on the hack of ,tli*» Information
Js Governor Stone, receiver of the bank.
The bank went into the hands of a re-
lty of the hundreds on the upper floor to
get adequate sanitary appliances.
The committee adjourned until Monday*
when this witness will continue his. testi
mony.
MRS. TOFT, PRESIDENT VALKRIEN ASSOCIATION, OF CHICAGO.
5649 Cottage Grove Avenua,
Chicago, 111.
"It has been my privilege to advise
a number of my friends concerning
the best medicine in cases of a worn-
out system and a broken-down con-
stitution. Knowing of the very sdtis-
faciory results from the use of Peruna
I have often advised it, and am glad
to speak of the well- deserved praise
ihoso who have tried it have given it.
I know of nothing better in cases of
catarrh of the stomach and for liver
trouble. It is of superior msrit. I
gladly endorse it."
Many "of the charitable and benevolent
Thus It. In that charitable and benevolent
enterprises f.nd great satisfaction In ds-
lTenslnißf this remedy.. It is cheap. It !s ef-
fective and .ts cures are permanent. '
It Is a sure cure for coughs, colds. ;*
grippe and catarrh in Its many pha«**.
Whether the catarrh is located in the
head, throat, lungs, stomach? kidneys of
pelvic organs. Peruna is a .prompt and
never falling cure. • £
Letters of gratitude from various Insti-
tutions of the country-to- the manufactur-
ers of Peruna Indicate the b!gh apprecia-
tion that these institutions have for tßis
remedy. Tha following are samples of tha
letters which have been received:: ,
Report From Ohio/X,,.
The Sisters of St. Francis of St.
Vincents Orphan Asylum, E. Main
street, corner of Rose avenue, Co-
lumbus, 0., write:
. "Some years ago a friend 'of our
institution recommended Dr. Hart-
man's. Peruna as an excellent remedy
for la grippa, of which we then, had
several cases which threatened to be
of a serious character. Wo began to
use it, and experienced such wonder-
ful results that since then Peruna has
become; our 'favorite medicine 'for. fa
grippe, catarrh, coughs, : colds and
bronchitis. "
¦¦**¦'•.".¦¦.. \
i Report From Illinois.
Mrs. Clara Makemer. housekesp«r tor
the Florence Crlttenden Anchorage "Mis-
sion, of Chicago, writes the following let-
ter from 302 Chestnut street. Chicago;
"Peruna la the" best 'tonic I" have Vjver
known for general debility — a-snr« cur*
for liver complalnt.and a.neyer-/ailing ad-
juster In cases of dyspepsia,' E-have also
used it In cases .of female irregularlxic*
and weak nerves common to the sex", snd
have found It ¦ most satisfactory. Foe '.'al-
most' any Internal trouble Peruna is an'
Ideal medicine- ch«?st and deserving of th©
confidence and indorsement .of all/* . >
Report From Brooklyn, N.Y;
Mrs. Bertha Ferguson. Superintendent
of the Brooklyn Free.
.ggijjgja. Dispensary. write*
y^P^uh from 13ft Lawrence
JPBSy street. Brooklyn. N.
£*25«£'v»tv «¦*» "*'• : "^o medicine
«Eas «*T •'T df-serves hl(th?p
¥£T -\ | praise as a curative-
JSZ I apent In eases' ofra..
xjjjak. ** ± tarrh in Its various
forms thnn Peruna.
_^#.JJMB!gHwrv It is far above any-
•S^apJßfSMß^n^ thing: I havo ever
'''iK^fiK*^^' known or used in
* r^T^&"" s>uch cases, and it
therefore has my
Mrs. B. Ferguson, heartiest endors'j-
» ment:"
A book written l'»y
Dr. Hartman on the different phases rt
catarrh and their treatment: also. "HeaKh
and Beauty." written especially tut
women, sent free to any address by TI»«
Peruna Medicine Company. Columbii*
Ohio.
THE BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATIONS
Of America. Use Peruna for All Ca-
xarrndi. JU'ibecises.
For the First Time in the History of Mcdi-
cine, a Cure for Bright's Disease
Has Been Discovered.
Swamp = Root, the Great Kidney Remedy
Has Proven by Thousands of Triumphant Tests Its
Wonderful Success in Diseases of the Kidneys,
Bladder, Blood and Bright's Disease/
-CALL" READERS MAY HAVE A SAMPLE BOTTLE FREE.
DE. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
CLARK FACE TO
FACE WITH DALY
Rivals Appear at the
RepresentativeToole Tells of the Part
Money Played in the Sena
torial Campaign at v
•.•5— — • .¦
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Senator Clark
and Marcus Daly, the rival millionaires, of
Montana, faced" one another; '.during the
greater part of to-day in the Senate Com
mittee on Elections In the Investigation of
Clark's election "to the Senate~of "the
United States. Clark eat in the rear of
his attorneys and Daly on the opposite
side of the room. Daly wore a pleasant
smile throughout the day and Clark muln
tatned an unruffled countenance. It had
been expected that Daly would be called
to the, : witness stand during the day, feu*
he wag not. The day was given up t»
J.R. Toole, a close friend of Daly. •
Toole's testimony covered the Senatorial
congest from. the Daly side of the ques
tion! '.He -related many^ particulars con
cerning'the-capital contest, placing the
total expenditure In behalf of Anaconda
in" that contest at from $350,000 to $4M,00 1 ;.
Hon. W:. G. Conrad .testified during the
day. : He was a, candidate for the Senata
In,, opposition to Clark. , He said that ho
had spent 'no money ,ln tho Senatorial
campaign proper.
- Atthe-beginning of the session Attorney
General Nolan took the witness stand. He
read.a letter he had written to Congress
man Campbell last fall promising immunity,
from prosecution to such as might testify
to bribery as go-betweens during the ses
sion of the Legislature. He said in the
letter. that he had conferred with the Gov
ernor, and that In case of prose^cution and
conviction the v Governor would exercise
the pardoning power. Referring to thu
Whlteside exposure, Nolan said the peo
ple of Montana did not believe there v.aa
any conspiracy. . •';
"The air was full of evidence of brib
ery," he said. "You could cut it with a
knife."
Tool© Defends Daly.
John'R. Toole of Anaconda was next
called. He said he was Interested with
Daly In mining and had since the Ist of
June last been under a salary from h:in
in connection with their mining entei
prises. He considered that he had Daly's
confidence In political matters and knew
the latter's plans. Notwithstanding this
fact he had, as a member of the Legisla
ture In 1898. voted for Clark. Indeed, lie
had never known Daly to seek office or
try to influence the course of his friends.
Last winter when he had told Daly that
some members wanted to cast their vott-s
for him for the United States Senate Daly
had replied:
"I authorize you to say that I do not
want my name presented to the Legisla
ture for a vote, either complimentary or
otherwise." „ ,
Nor had he ever known of Daly attemp.
ing to influence or control any primary or
other election, or State, county or city
convention. ; ,
.. Toole also paid Daly had no special can
didate for the Senate, being willing to
accent the nominee of the Democratic
caucus," -Daly's friends, however, opposed
Clark, principally because of the charges
of bribery, with which the air was filled
for a month before the meeting of tiit*
L "^Vhen 1 did you first see the $30,000 used
by Mr. Whitoside In his exposure?", he
was asked. , . , ?''¦',
' "I lirst^saw it when the legislative In
vestigating committee, of which 1 was a
member, met." ." , • ,':
• VDid you give any ;of that money, or
; know ofc-'any being given by -Mr. Daly, or
any of his friends to defeat Mr. Clark for
the S«n^t«>?U ; ...... . J
; "No: Mr." I '" can't find words strong
enoughiior; a proper denial of the impu
tation. It's an outrage." . • •'-:-• .
. "Do. you know of any money being put
up, by Mr. Daly or any ofi his friends to
defeat* Mr.'iClark ;JnVany.- other connec
tlonT.', M *v-V '" I
"1 certainly do not.' ' f
Power of Clark's. -Money.
¦ Toole related 1 a* conversation he . had
wKh ; Representative -MeLaughlin at- the
beginning, of- the Legislature, in which
McL'augblin told him that' he was going
to vote for' Clark, as It "was a matter
of bread and butter for his family." He
denied that there was any Daly or dls
tlnctlvelv anti-Clark lobby in Helena
during the session of the Legislature.
"The friends of Conrad, Matts and
others were lost." he said "In the Clark
lobby. That Is all a pipe dream."
Daly had not. according to witness,
dreamed when the Legislature met that
Clark could be elected.
"I never saw so strong an opposition
mowed down by money," he said.
Toole was questioned concerning the
contest over the location of the State
capital. He said he had been a member of
the committee having In charge the inter
ests of Anaconda in that contest.
: '.'I- can only approximate the amount
spent." he said, ''and I don't know that
I can come within $100,000 of the total
amount. I should say, however, that from
$250,000 to $450,000 was spent in tho inter
ests of Anaconda. It must be borne in
mind, however, that - that ¦ contest con
tinued over three or four years."
.He said that perhaps 75 per cent of the
total amount had been spent in thelmst
year of the contest. The money was raised
Hy subscription, many citizens subscrib
ing, including Daly. He had himself given
one-fourth, of his estate to the cause.
Faulkner— Did you not say after Mr.
Clark's election that If you had had $liw,
000 more you could have defeated him, and
that with $200,000 you could have elected
yOur man? . :;, ,
;."I'dld not. "We 'could have beaten h!m
with, half the sum. .because I believe tint
with that much money It would have been
possible to ¦ have the Republicans who
¦voted' for Clark go on making patriotic
speeches and voting for men In their own
•party." •'.
Conrad Spent Little Money.
Hon. W. G. Conrad, who was Clark's
principal rival for the Senatorshlp In 1599,
was the next witness.
"Did you spend any money In the State
campaign?" Campbell asked.
"I did: from $:>OOO to $10,000, giving If to
committees, etc."
"Did you spend money in your effort to
secure your election to the Senate?"
"I did not spend to exceed $200 in Helena
beyond the amount of my hotel bill."
Continuing, Conrad said that he had
never been associated in any way with
Daly, and only seven or eight of : his
friends were in Helena during the Sen
atorial campaign. He denied the state
ment of a former witness that he hint
drawn $50,000 from the American National
.Bank of Helena after the Whlteslde ex
posure. He also said he had not con
tributed any part of the $30,000 used by
Whlteslde. He had his bank checks and
stubs for the past thirty-two years, and
was willing the committee should inspect
them. Conrad said there were thirty votes
pledged to him in the Legislature, but he
failed to receive ten of the votes go
pladged. -.-v: .:Cy. y
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
JAMESON'S RAID
YET A NIGHTMARE
Keeping Chamberlain in
Trouble.
Great Outcry Aroused by the Candl
. dacy of Major Mcßride of the
Boer Army for a Seat in
, Parliament.
Copyrighted. 1900, by the Associated Pres».
LONDON, Feb. 24.— Apart from the dra
matic change that came over the situation
in South Africa, the event of the week
was undoubtedly Joseph .Chamberlain's
vigorous, almqst vicjous self-defense In
the .House of Commons. .The Colonial
Secretary met the accusations and de
mands with-one of-those terrible fighting
speeches for which he is noted. -With
venomous retort and scqrn he once more
denied complicity }n the.' Jameson raid;
denied the so-called revelations of the
independence Belgo'and with" deft phrases
resented the Opposition's agitation as a
personal attack upon his much-persecuted
eelf. In the heat of 'debate and 'with ail
overwhelming majority^ ready».;tp - cheer
c.very bitter phrase, Chamberlain' carried
all before him. But after reflection many
of those- who thoroughly Relieve Chamber,
lain to be absolutely untainted and who
place- no importance on the letters stolen
from Mr. Hawksley, counsel for the Brit
ish South African Company, regretted
that the Colonial Secretary took up the
matter' fn such a personal spirit. . -•
• Chamberlain Rebuked. ¦• •¦ >
Voicing this feeling, the Saturday Re
view, while strongly, deprecating- another
raid inquiry at the present' juncture, de
plores "CWajrfberlaln's "undignified .attit
ude ..and reminds him that .'the good
faith of a Secretary of State Is hot a per
.sonal but a" public matter. Continuing,
the.paper says It regrets that" ho did not
'court a resumption, but aflds that bbviou3
reasons of state prohibited such a pro
cedure at thepresent crisis. ; . '.';
In the meanwhile Dr. Gavin Brown
Clark, Radical member of Parliament for
Caithness, who was formerly Consul-Gen
eral of the South African Repuhlic. stands
accused by Mr. Hawksley of having
bought stolen property In the shape of
letters In regard to the raid. Thougn Mr.
Clark has denied the allegations printed
in the St. James Gazette, he has not so
far denied Hawksley's charges. Ills fel
low-Commoners are much stirred up irf
regard to the matter, but Clark seems un
likely to take any steps unless ills con
stituents force an issue.
Lord Rosebery this week, the forsaken
sole oracle of '•lugubrious vaticinations."
has been bantering the lords of the Gov
ernment in the lightest satire upon the fix
they have got into by the unexpected
change of the resolution which originally
proposed to enforce the existing statute
providing for conscription, but which at
tlie last moment was altered to rend tl-at
the statute be amended in order to make
it available to be put Into force,- a change
which upset L,orU .Lansdowne's and tne
Duke of Devonshire's carefully prepaicl
speeches to such an extent that Loid
ho.-ebery satirically moved nn adjourn
ment to enable them/. to: prepare new
speeches, and even Lord Salisbury
laughed. ' ¦ «¦•>..' <-. ¦ ,-i j
With the accomplishment of the Govern
ment's plans the main objections regard
ing war legislation collapsed, and some
attention was directed to home measure?,
which, incidentally, were supremely unin
teresting. The. ancient methods of ob
struction employed >by William Kedmotio.
and one or two other Irish members hu\;t:
so far failed to havt any result. s- ¦: ,
Major Mcßride's Candidacy.
The nomination of Major Mcßride.of the,
Irish brigade in the service of thV'BoeYs';*
to contest South Mayo, vieev^Michael
Davitt, resigned, has created no iitfrle out
cry. . Another Nationalist. John £)'DonJ
nell; opposes Major Mcßrlde. Cotysequer.t-J
ly on February 26, when the '•X-rfting is,
done, O"Donnell and the absentee-candi
date will fight it out between them. Tlie
authorities pay so little attention xti Tiis;i
disaffection that no steps have been'tak&it'
to 'prevent Major Mcßride contestingHhe
seat. The indulgence of the Government,
of which this is an instance, fosters the
feeling that Irish advocacy of the Boer
cause, and. In fact, the whole Irish move
ment, is of no great Importance. -This, it
Is. claimed, is as the Government desired
it to be.
The condition of the navy and the al
leged inadequacy of the newest estimates
are creating no end of discussion. The
fact that the Government has ordered the
reserve squadron to assemble at Ports
mouth on March 1 has relieved the fears
of those who thought continental interfer
ence was imminent, but they hall with no
pleasure the accompanying announcement
that the squadron will be scattered again
on April 1, after a month's exercise.
Nor is public confidence strengthened
by such statements as arc made editor
ially in the Naval and Military- Record,
which avers that there are eight or nine
modern French battleships capable of
sinking the reserve . fleet, and. though
France has, now only six of such vessels
with her northern squadron, she could
quickly got the two nerded "from the Med
iterranean without attracting suspicion,
while the amalgamation of her northern
squadron with that of Kussia'a Hal tic
fleet would altogether outclass t Great
Britain's reserve, which, this 6ervlce pa
per declared, is a heterogeneous and by no
means a modern conglomeration, lacking
in all the essentials of a trained battle
fleet. As a remedy, it is urged, that new
ships not Included In the reserve be im
mediately commissioned, and that a pow
erful modern licet be assembled In home
waters to await contingencies. The army
— or, rather. Its system and the majority
of its generals— has so disappointed the
bulk of British people that It Is almost a
fad to criticize and underestimate every
thing British, and the navy is coming In
for Its share. Events have yet to show
that such criticism is justified.
Amalgamation of Capital.
Earl 'Grey,' who Is a peer and who votes
with the conservative party, but who is
connected with many labor organizations,
especially In labor co-partnership or the
co-operation movement, of which he is
the prime mover, recently, addressing a
co-operative meeting at Glasgow, -referred
at length to the colossal amalgamation of
capital in the UnH*d States, and said the
same tendency was apparent on this side
of the Atlantic. He declared the disad
vantage resulting from 'the consolidation
of Industries consisted In enabling those
in controling the market to force up
prices to the limit the consumer would
bear. He added:
"The co-operative plan restricting the
rate of interest on share capital to o per
cent and prohibiting the transfer of
shares to the open market alone supplies
the method by which construction can be
affected without endangering the inter
ests of the community."
The United States cruiser Albany, pur
chased here Just before the war with
Spain, whose complement of men arrived
on the United States steamship Prairie,
probably will sail In about a fortnight.
Her officers are busy at Newcastle* get
ting their command into shape.
Horrors of Indian Famine.
The plague in India continues virulent.
There were 583 victims in Bombay City
during the week ending February 16.
With over 61,000,000" persons affected, by the
famine' and only about 4,000,000 in receipt
of relief, India seems to be In a bad
plight, though the death rates over the
f.50,000 square miles of the famine area are
decreasing. The Indian Government has is
sued a resolution approving Professor
Haffkin's anti-plague inocculation, and
the Viceroy, Lord Curzon, is advocating
Its use throughout India and is paying
high tribute to the professor.
The Spectator, which • often voices the
Government's views, claims it is to Great
Britain's ' advantage to have the United
States fortify the Nicaragua canal, saying
the idea that Great Is against,
such action Is a .delusion. The Spectator
adds: "If America asks us to give up the
clause . forbidding the fortification w«
ought to-and ; most certainly should at, once
agree to d 0.50.". 50." ••->•¦-¦ . ..'<- . •
The Spectator, however,- points -out. that
other powers might • nqt; be. willing, 3 for,
though Great Britain in effect .has ac
knowledged the validity' of the "Monroe
doctrine, the rest of the world has not.
Chief Rabbi Adler has been elected a
member of the Athenaeum Club under the
rule allowing the annual Introduction of
distinguished llterateurs. .>¦ From this ex
clusive body Thackeray once suffered re
jection. How much the British mind has
broadened since then Is evidenced by this
Hebrew's election- and the fact .that -the'
Bishop- of OL/ondoiv'the Most 'Rev. Mandell'
Creighton, -proposed him. . ~ .¦.;¦'.:¦•"•..
from KSr|l- "f rom **j%p,^'
Hudyan (50c) Men and Womenu ¦>.
Positively Cures (j|s,&s§ f° u wfl ° ere run-down in . >h«ilth
Weakness, Paleness, Emaciation Diz- r!A4» "TAKE HUDYAN." HUDYAN - ghes
ziness. Nausea. Exhaustion. Head- li^Jf f>ealtfl ' strength, vim, vigor and free-
ache. Pains in Joints, Nervousness ffy\^iH dom from all pains. ,¦,:¦ . ¦:>-y: > -y
Sleeplessness. Tremblings, Loss of KmVm '"'
Appetite. Pain in Stomach, Consti- %kv*\s& ltV WO '^^ N HUDYAN CURES : Pain-
pation. Dots Before Eyes,' Dispon- k*^tS cn< * rre S ular Feriodi. Profuse
dency, Gloomy Forebodings', Lack of f»§?? j! or cant / Menses. Fain in Back.-
Energy, Horrid Dreams, f'lut- *St<sf& * >c ' n ver Abdomen, Dragging Pains,
tering of Heart, Palpitation JS»\« Bearing. Down Pains. Leucorrhoea
Sediment in Urine. Pain in iSr^^fls V M (Whites). AH Chronic In-
Back. Coated Tongue, Often- -Si#*!s r '^ f.ammaxions and U carations
sive Breath. Haggard Look Hoi /' tf»ifi§3'^ i> of uterus and *opendagt>3.
low Eyes. Shaky Knees ' fi &'ft£»i >^S- HUDYAN subdues Excitability.
Cold Extremities. Feeble- 1" !/*>* Hysteria and ell other com.
ness, Twitching of Mus- plications of Female beak-
f+TZT HIinVA IV from your 'dru«i«t— 50c a packs?*, six' packages |2 50... If h« do<s
ULI nUUY t\rl not keep it, send direct to • * ' -.
HUDYAN REMEDY GO.,y
Corner Stockton, Ellis andy Market Streets, San Francisco, Cal.
Consult Hniyan Doctors. :; Consnltation Free. Aflyice Free. Call or Write.
14Elite Chinaware
Bargains.
«'• Wortb Your
Coming ju»t to See.
Great Anißri6ajliprtiii£ Tea Ca
.. c tores ETerjrwlacre*
*" r--*_X©o Stores*
REVIEW OF THE
GAME FIGHT AS
MADE BY CRONJE
LONDON. Feb. 24.— Spencer Wilkinson,
summing the week's events In the war in
South Africa for the Associated Press, to
night says:
"On the night of Thursday, February
15, General Cronje marched out from Ma
gersfontein between General French, who
had just entered Klmberley, and General
Kelly-Kenny, then at Klip Drift, on the
Modder River. The next day General
Kelly-Kenny pursued him, attacked his
rear guard and delayed him until the
Highlands brigade was on Its way to stop
him on the south banks of the Modder
and General French could pass him on the
north bank.
"After a three days' running fight Gen
eral Cronje was stopped at Koodoosrand,
near Paardeberg, where he was surround
ed. His force was between the river
bank, which gave him a defensive posi
tion facing either way, so that attacks on
him involved heavy loss, but he was held
until on Tuesday Lord Roberts arranged
to grip him with a girdle of infantry in
his position, while cannonading him with
fifty guns enfilading the river bed. In the
meantime Lord Roberts, with a spare di
vision or two beyond the three brigades
holding Cronje, set himself to intercept
and drive away any Boer reinforcements.
"This was the situation on Wednesday,
and it offered a reasonable possibility of
the capture of Cronje's force and of the
defeat of any reinforcements. We. have
little news beyond Wednesday. On Thurs
day the shelling of Cronje was continued
at intervals, continuous shelling proba
bly involving a too lavish use of ammuni
tion. The Boers have been giving them
selves up by fifties a day. On Tuesday
Lord Roberts drove off reinforcements
coming from Colesberg and from Natal.
"A Berlin report declares that Cronje
had forced his way through. This Is im
probable, but may refer to a small party
who may have escaped in the night.
"Lord Roberts' advance has * drawn
away some of the Boer forces from Coles
berg, Sterkstroom and Natal, as Is seen
from the diminished resistance to the
British at all those points.
"General Buller. after taking Hlang
wane Hill, has crossed the Tugela River
and, according to the latest telegrams,
has been fighting continuously since
Thursday morning. This looks like a de
cided attempt to relieve Ladysmlth.
wherein I expect General Buller will suc
ceed, if he does not, as before. Interrupt
his advance by stopping to count his
losses and declaring that he has. lost
enough. A general has never lost enough
to justify the giving up of his enterprise
so long as his troops are willing to go on
with him. Ladysmith can probably hold
out for several weeks longer and In that
time the effect of Lord Roberts' advance
will probably be even more marked than
it has yet been."
MENELIK AT
PRESENT IN MOST
PEACEFUL MOOD
MARSEILLES, Feb. 24.-Herr IHg, King
Menellk'B chief counselor, arrived from
Abyssinia to-day. He will pass a year
in Europe, during which he Intends to
visit Premier Waldeck-Rousseau and M.
Delcasse, Minister of Foreign Affairs.'-
In an interview Herr IHg said King
Mencllk'a Intentions were most pacific and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
that the King desir*»rl to live at peace with
all neighboring powers. Every frontier
incident touching Italy or Egypt, he de
clared, had either been settled or was on
the way to a Iriendly arrangement. King
Menellk hopes to visjt the Exposition.
The foregoing statement disposes of the
sensational stories published in certain
newspapers to the effect that Menclik was
inclined to take advantage' of Great Bri
tain's difficulties in South Africa to make
a move toward the Nile.
KIMBERLEY'S
DISTRESS BEFORE
RELIEF CAME
CAPE TOWN. Friday, Feb. 23.—Ex
tracts from the diary of the Reuter cor
respondent at Kimberley give an Insight
into the trials of the garrison. They are
In brief as follows:
January 12— Scurvy attacks the natives
alarmingly. They are dying fast. The anti
scorbutics are exhausted. Vine cuttings being
tried in lieu of green food.
January 12— Typhoid Is prevalent. Failure
to boll the water the probable cause.
January IS— Fifty typhoids In the hospital.
January 16— The military authorities have
commandeered all the foodstuffs and other mer
chandise. Leave has been granted to the In
habitants to shoot small birds for food.
January 17— The mules slaughtered are pro
nounced superior to horse flesh.
January 23— Five hundred shells poured Into
the town at haphazard, the hospital, scurvy
compound- and residences receiving the atten
tion, probably due to the earthworks.
January 25— A small family shell-proof shel
ter has been dug in nearly every garden.
February 11 — Twenty-five hundred women and
children were lowered Into the mines through
out the night. The men -are also selecting
places of eafety.
February 15 — All the morning there was a
heavy cross flre of the British occupying
Alexandenfonteln. The hundred-pounder and
shrapnel are bursting; over Klmberley. Every
cne Is lying low. The shops and banks were
closed. At 2 o'clock this afternoon there was
a kaleidoscopic change. Heliograph signals
were discerned announcing General French's
approach. Clouds of dust of the rapid advance
of the advancing cavalry were then seen and
almost simultaneously the enemy was observed
limbering up and fleeing eastward.
The glad tidings spread with marvelous
rapidity. From all directions mounted and
unmounted men hastened to welcome the. re
lief column. Those remaining hoisted flags and
there was a universal feeling of Joy and thank
fulness.-
m
BRITONS ARE
REPULSED WITH
A HEAVY LOSS
PRETORIA, Friday, Feb. 23.— A special
dispatch from Colesberg, dated Thursday,
February 22, says:
"Commandant Delarey moved out and
decupled a position east and south of
Arundel, where the British were, en
camped. At sunrise the British attacked
the Boers with cannon, Infantry and cav
alryt the Boers replying. Late in the
evening when the Boers were attacked In
their rear by a force presumably- from
Naauwpoort, rendering the Boer 'position
untenable, the British attempted to storm
the Boer cannon, but were repulsed with
heavy loss. The Boer casualties as far as
known were two men wounded."
?
The Sabine's Seizure.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.-The incident
connected with the seizure by a British
gunboat of the British steamship Sablne,
with a cargo of goods from New York,
is closed. ' A cable message was received
to-day at the State Department from Em
bassador Choate stating that the vessel,
which was at Port Elizabeth, had been re
leased and allowed to proceed on her way.
the least squeamish of Parisian gutter
sheets has found impossible to print. This
man, who claims the throne and should
at least have the manners of a gentleman,
admits having sent his royal congratula
tions to the author of a disgustingly ob
scene caricature of our Queen. This is an
insult which Englishmen will refuse to
forgive."
I am told by an authority on South Af
rica, Mr. Pardy, who has lived all over
that country, that the crushing out of
Cronje means that the war will not last
three weeks. His opinion I find echoed by
those who have had experiences with the
Boers.
The city, which is not often at fault,
takes the same view, backing its opinion
with its money.
The rise which has taken place brought
Rands almost to their former palmy po
sition in the market. This has been done
entirely from the Inside, for the public ap
parently will not come in at any .price.
Berlin, it is true, has helped, fairly heavy
buying orders having come from there.
The Berlin Stock Exchange takes a
strategical view of the situation and Is
buying. Perhaps one of the most eloquent
signs of the times lay in the smiling faces
of the African financiers as we saw them
on Thursday evening at the grand concert
in Covent Garden Opera-house. They have
been in suppressed spirits for some time
past, but on this occasion they were, as
one might say, buzzing about much In evi
dence, smiling, chatting, asking friends to
supper and showing general signs of hap
piness.
of the Queen, is golnsr to have further re
sults than that pretender anticipated.
If there is one thins the Prince of Wales
Is particularly sensitive about It Is these
caricatures In Le Rire. His Royal High
ness' attention has already been drawn to
the damning evidence which the St.
James Gazette brings from Its Paris cor
respondent, Mr. Strong, as to the admis
sion made by the artist, "Willette, of hav
ing received a complimentary letter from
the Due. Both the Queen and the Prince
of Wales have been particularly kind to
the Due. but he need scarcely look for any
more courtesies from the same quarter
unless he publishes a vindication of the
charges made against him.
The St. James Gazette comes back to
the charge and says:
"We published yesterday a letter from
our Paris correspondent giving some In
formation about the proceedings of the
Due d'Orleans. which should be known in
this country as widely as possible. Like
many another who has found his native
land too hot for him, the French preten
der finds hospitality In England. He Is
unmolested and has every reason to be
grateful, yet from there ho Is sending
to France statements about Eng
land crouched in language which one of
Serial Cable to The Call and th» N>w York
HeraM. Copyright, ISiO. by the New York
Herald Ccinyaci-.
LONDON. Feh. 25.— Apropos of the
French in trying here to reflect
clearly English sentiment at the
present moment it would be omit
ting one strong point were I not to
mention the stronply growing sentiment
constantly expressed that war with
France at a later and not remote date Is
inevitable when this war is over.
Opinion is growing: very fast that Eng
'.and is speedily drawing close to a day
of reckoning with France and that war
will have to come. Such is common talk.
That time is placed after the exhibition.
Not one item of France's taunts or
r-!-.' will be forpotten. England, with
Chamberlain at the helm, filled with the
warlike sentiment, which to-day saturates
all. even women and children, will cer
tainly give France the opportunity which
her newspaper* to-<iay profess her to be
anxious for— that is, to try conclusions
with this country.
This feelinp is> all the more strengthened
by the knowledge of an understanding
between the Kaiser and the Queen, which
leave* Germany free action in Asia Minor
In return for England's free action in
South Africa.
That the Duke of Orleans should have
Kone out of his way to give an interview
to a tenth-rate French paper, in which he
abuses England, and that he should have
written Willette, the artist, congratulat
ing him upon the scandalous caricatures
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
GREAT BRITAIN TO BATTLE NEXT WITH FRANCE
A FRIEND IN NEED.
"A Bfiglll Ll!li€ Boy"
Would be sure of a welcome ia almost
any home. But what a welcome he
would have in a home where the hope
of children had been extinguished.
What a welcome this particular ¦ bright
little boy" did have in such a home,
may be judged by the closing paragraph
of Viis mother's ¦ |W> f
letter, .given be- jra«reK.
low. There is no f??s*s2&i
room for the jlfi^^ff
whole letter, f*T Vff"
which recounts a 7a. *> s^SV \\
story of fifteen 35^^^ \»
ye^rs of suffering £?3Ok jKt V
and a perfect cure jy
by the use of £~ffi& \|\ \Jr
"three bottles of SS&Rv^yfco
Dr. Pierces Favor- T v y^j^fapn*^
ite Prescription, fk .Sq > '"\
two bottles of I
' Golden Medical U fflk y w\^
Discovery, • nnd fe M-$
tome of the ' Pel- ,i£J3X3^^l\
In many in- £4345?^. \l3k
stances childless- flSflre/ A \\ P^
ness is the result £ ji>??/3 f\S \^'
of conditions S^^^V \T ! !
which ztc curable. i
It has often hap- £? |^^^O\^,
pened that when sBpV^L
''Favorite Pre- sXj^s^flN. X>
scription " has V
cured a woman of O^SaaF/ \ >
female weakness sS»*^2/ \^
and the nenrous r^ *>
condition attending it, her return to
health is signalized by the birth of her
first child. « Favorite Prescription" makes
weak women strong, sick women welL
•I cannot tell half that Dr. Pierces medicine
bss done for xne," writes Mrs. T. A. Raran. of
Hat ris. Wataara Co.. N. C "It will do all that
1* claimed for it— prevent miscarriage and ren-
der childbirth easy. It has given me a bright
little boy, and I would not have had him had it
tsot been for your wonderful medicine. I can-
sot aey too much in praise of it ; I think it is
worth iU weijrht in rold. I th«nk Cod for my
Uie, and Dr. Fierce for xny health."
"Pleasant Pellets 1 * dear the com-
plexion.
If f^AflK §UTTH 1# i ii erfr f k ; STrnn I 1!
i 3 I *y-&^ J **' .^viJ. g I I 1 a a Jjjrivii. 31111 Et If?
ii IKmI I ' iPnl SSI' extrava g ance ~ es P eciall y for ii^'lj^^ii^i i^^l- *' sS ir jj {™^ ll
II i^^llll ' dium price is what most men ; SI
II :| I ii I * ble breasted, unfadable, well t .jffl jj;|| [ ¦
| Boys' /Wickiy Suits I
• Here is a good bargain in our boys' clothing department— middy suits of blue cheviot with sailor 11
\ collars ; .vestee and collar elegantly trimmed with five rows of soutache, either pf blue, white or black ; i 1
\ ages 3to 8 years ; we consider the value $2.2^— for a short time we offer them at * * II
ft M ? ? We fll { al/ out - of -lown orders for clothing, hais and furnishings. Write to us for our illustrated catalogue No. 2— it will hc'p you in if our orderi/m A I
II Should /ou order clothin 9 *c send you a self-measurement blank which assures you of getting a good fit. Write us to-day. oraenng. w a
15
British Trooper Takes Up a Comrade Who Has Lost His Mount, and Both Escape the Pursuing Boers.
London Graphic.
FOLLOWING CLOSE AFTER CRONJE.
British Cavalry in Pursuit of the Boer Forces as They Retreated Prom Magersfontein Toward Koodoes Drift.
London Graphic. 1q+o+o+o+o ?©?o*o*-o^o ?©?©?o-^o-^o*-o*o^o ?©?o*o*-o^ ©?o^o^o
I Disorders of Men. i
I £ \ Strictly Reliable. f.
8 »'"'" I Dr. Taicott & Co. I
? $^ fJsSlf' Practice ConfineJ to Diseases and Weak- ?
? (fXf *&£* *^ nessesof .¦ ,O :
5 \<Ml ¦ Men Only i
X 3 . Varicofle cured-ln cne TTCck at office or- ?
4 • four * e « ks horae treatment. . O
/\ ~Z^s&JZ&\\ niood Taints. Contracted I-MfoMits and ?
» /IVv^^t'^ \ every form of Weakness a specialty. ¦ .• O
? si VVS. I; /irk \ w * are always willing to wait tor our fee : ?
O yf / /l\\r^>' A V until cure is effected. O
O f^/'J \ / \^£^^z£fl V^S Full 'n'onnatlon cheerfully mailed. ?
o ft/ \^lT\ 937 Market str ? Bt ' c °rner Sixth. I
O \l \ <&T\ // ' //'" . \E.\TIRE t/F>£« FLOOR. o
A New Deal.
Th» well-known WMterfeld'a bakery aaj
remaursnt. !035 Market *t.. is now under en
tirely new mar.n:rprn.-t't:*i-«.r.vthln); tip-to-Jaie •
8 'I '\\\// r \ 1 htk}£^~s2 Electricity cures weak men. No drugs to poison the |
7^^^^ stomach, but nature's restorer, to renew the vigor of youth, g
«¦ li- - -^ Ja^fflflSfeN. Men, are you weak? Have you begun to feei the §
I y^\W^^ ' effects of P ast errors and dissipation? Have you back |
1- M\^^^m^^^^^o^^Xl&K and Shou!der P ains? - Has exposure to cold and damp- |
| ness taken the vitality out of your body and left you |
0 f^S^~^r~=— -^4^^<^^f=m Have you Rheumatism, Lame Back, Loss of .§
MiSf^^^P^7]^^^^^^i^i^K Vigor, Weak Nerves, Failure of Memory, Weak §
1 Stomach, Debility and that Feeling of Exhaust
| >^»^ t j on that comes to men who have lost the Elec- 1
% /J'l | \*\ >^^ tricity from their bodies. If so the £
I DR. McLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT §
§ Is your only cure. Why? Because it restores the Electricity, which is the vim, the fire, the snap and courasre of the youngman. I say it alone will do O
g this, for you, because no other gives you the electricity the right way. IT DOES NOT BURN! <S
0 Don't drug. Common sense tells you that you "want new strength. Whisky won't give it to you. and it is the best drug on earth. All druzs are %
S stimulants like whisky. The real, life-giving vigor of manhood is born. of Electricity in your body. Get that renewed and you will feel the fire of life cour- Of
g sing in your veins. It makes a. man strong, gives him courage and frees him from pain. §
* I want every man to call and test my wonderful Electric Belt free at my office. I want to give proof of its power to cure, and show the names of %
S thousands of grateful patients. CALL FOR FREE TREATMENT. £J
§ ~~ - . Don't wear an Electric Belt $
g If you cannot call, let me send • LAME BACK AND KIDNEY TROUBLE. which barns holes in the skin. I O
« you my beautifully illustrated ¦-•*> Merchants' Exchange, San Francisco. Feb. 10. make the only .Kenuine Electric °
X ? . . , : DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: Your Electric Belt Treatment has Belt which gives a powerful cur- °
g eighty-page book about my new cure d me, at the age "of 7.1. of all weakness in Back and Kidneys, so that I can rent WITHOUT BURNING. 2
8 method, closely sealed, free; write now stoo P or stand erect, dress and undress, more easily than for years; it has I -sell my belt at Half-Price to <*
g . . also restored me to vigor and sound health. • those disappointed with the nM <>
S for ll - Very truly your j. A.C.HAMMOND., . style, burning belts. ' §
1 r\E> RJI A JVI/^I A¥-Ti>'l-If'"'nW ¦• 702 Market St.,-Corner Kearny, San Francisco, and I
§"UK"» 111*" A*- IVICLaAUvIFILIIIN* Bordickßlook, Comer Spring and Second Street, EbrAagelcs. " S
g . ' Office Houri— Dally »to S; Sundays 18 to 1. • NEVER SOLD IX DRUG STORES S
MRS. HENRIETTA SNELL
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Passing of the Widow of the Million
aire Recalls the Great Murdsr
Mystery.
CHICAGO. Feb. 24.-Mrs. Henrietta
bnell, widov.- of Amos J. Snell. the milili.n
aire whose murder ha 3 been u 'mystery for
twelve years, died early to-day. She was
stricken three days ago by heart diseofe
airs. Snell was nearly 70 years of age anJ
had lived since her husband's tragic death
in the house in which he. was murdered
The killinp of Mr. Snell took plac^ on
the night of February 8. ISSS. Two bullets
of different caliber were" fired into Ills
body. Amos J. Snell's wealth was princi
pally In real estate. Tho basement front
room of his residence was his office. The
night he was slain the safe in the base
ment Jiad been opened and tho papers
acattet«d about. The robbers ascended to
the Ijarlcr and broke open a desk. Snoll
heard them. and. going down stairs in hi"
night clothes, flred through the folding
parlor doors. Ihe men threw open tht
poors and shot him as h.. stood in tC
hallway. A reward of $50,000 was offered
for the arrest of the murderers. Suspicion
turned upon William B. Tnscott. a youns
man of the vieirity. He was follow*-; I to
Milwaukee- but the trail was lost, lo be
tuken up at .Minneapolis two days lator
and there h« disappeared: During 'th<- next
live yean n o less than 2000 auspVt* wen.
arrested, and almost every eountrv on th •
globe contributed Ita prleonef. supposed to
beTascott. but the real Tascott was never
NATIVES HOLD HIGH
CARNIVAL AT WOODLAND
Hundreds of Visitors Meet in the
Yolo Town for the Annual
High Jinks.
Fpc^lal DUpatcb to The Call.
WOODLAND. Feb. 24.— The Native Buna
own Woodland th'.s evening. The "h:g'i
jinks" given by the Jocal parlor is the
most notable event in the local history of
the ordtr. There are not less than 200
visiting Native Sons present. About a
hundred arrived from Sacramento in spe
cial cars attached to the regular tra'n.
The Marysville delegation arrived on a
ppoeial train about 9 o'clock. Both OYlr
pallons were met at the depot by the
l<xal parlor, and headed by two "brass
band? the visitors were escorted to tiie
rneetlr:fr ha'!.
Routine business w^s not transacted
The Hyradgeon degree was conferred by
*> icral team. Thr- «-andidates were Messrs
Jeans. <.'ami>b«*!l ?nd Hoy. all of Winters
I'pon the eonr-lusion of this cerenion-r
the local pari^r escorted its guests t.j the
new Armory Hall, where an elegant ban
quet waf Mrved. Plates were laid for 300
At the a fur-dinner spiking Judce G;;d
ois pres:-jed as toastmaPter. The speeches
were n* an unusually high order. A. J.
DiickwinJi KFpoT;d?d to "California."
Other toasts were refpnrded to as follu-ue:
"\Voo<Jlan<l Parlor No. so," Arthur C.
Houston: '•Im;>rr-«p;on of Ilvrudgetni " H
T. Dalton; "Native Sons in the Philip
pines." Dr. W. J. Hanr.a; "Pook Xuin "
F. I. Hopkln* of Saersmeuto Parlor- No. >:
"The Or.in.l Parlor." J. H. Marcuse gu.nd
Inside s»n;ii!rl; "The National Guard."
Major A. E. Forbes of Marr?v,lle.
6pr*>ches vrre n'.fco made by Dr. Cram of
WbeailaiMl. M. I. Gibson of Areonnut No.
8. W. H Gregory of Winters. W. O. Re
sell nf Winters. W. A. Harrison of Sun
?"t No. £ and Henry Peterson of Dlxo.i
No. CO.
Hichardson After the Trusts
WASHINGTON. February 24.—Repre
sentative Richardson of Tennessee to-da\
intrudu^cd a. bill to prevent th*> interstate
transportation of the products of trusts
makl:;g silver platod ware.
TOW STEAMERS
ARE STRANDED
Allan Liner Ashore in
Portland Harbor.
PORTLAND, Me., Feb. 25.— A steamer,
believed to be the Callfornlan of the Allan
Line, is ashore off Fort William 3, Port
land harbor. A telegraph" message fr6m
Fort Williams says the steamer is a large
one and is about 2500 yards from shore,
with all her lights out. The sea is very
rough.
The Cnlifofnian was heavily laden with
grain and was bound for Liverpool. The
life-saving crew at the Cape Elizabeth
light, three miles from the scene of the
wreck, was notified by telephone of th*»
steamer's condition, and started about 2:3)
o'clock for the scene.
LONDON. Feb. 24.— The British steam
ship Bath. Captain St. John. February 19
from New York for Bristol, struck the
north end of Lundy Island In the British
Channel to-day. She backed off and im
mediately sank in deep water. The mas
ter, three officers and ten of the crew
reached Lundy Roads in a lifeboat. The
other lifeboat with the remainder of the
crew ia also believed to be safe.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists MallaJ
on Application.
TILLMAN SCORES
SENATOR MORGAN
Accuses the Alabaman
of Discourtesy.
ATTACKS HAWAIIAN BILL
OBJECTS TO ITS FRANCHISE
FEATURE.
Claims It Gives the Island Whites
Protections Not Granted to
the People of the
•South. ',
I ¦ ' — —
1 WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Throughout
the session to-day the Senate had under
consideration the Hawaiian Government
bill. The discussion took a wide range,
but the basis of it was an amendment
offered by Platt of Connecticut as to the
appointment and tenure of officers of the
I courts of the Hawaiian Government. Till
iman of South Carolina embraced the op*
portunity to make a characteristic speech',
in the course of which he made an at
tack upon Morgan of Alabama and vigor
ously opposed many provisions of the bill,
particularly those wliich related to suf
frage.
When the Senate convened Hale of
Maine reported the diplomatic and con
sular appropriation bill and gave notice
that at an early day next wee* he would
call it up for consideration.
. At the conclusion of routine business
Tenrose of Pennsylvania called attention
i to the proceedings yesterday with refer
i ence to the sealing of the Hon. M. S.
I Quay of Pennsylvania, and said that he
j did not cLcslre to proceed with the case lo
••i desire to notify tho Senate, however,
he saia, -ihat on Mot day \ will call up the
resolution, and if no member representing
the majority report of the Kleciion Com
mittee is ready xo speak the minority will
proceed with the debate."
After the passage of a number of minor
bills consideration of the Hawaiian Gov-
e rnment bill was resumed, the pending
! fjuestiun being the amendment by Platt
> of Connecticut providing that the Presi
dent should appoint the Chief Justice.
Justices of the Supreme ' Court and Jus
tices of th« Circuit Court, and that the
Governor of the territory should appoint
the other officers, the amendment limiting
the tenure of office of appointees to four
years. Platt. in an extended speech, sup
ported l.is amendment, holding that the
provisions of the bill were Inconsistent
with those Incorporated in previous ter
ritorial enabling act.<*.
In a vehement speech Tlllman attacked
the bill as reported to the Senate and ar
raigned Mr. Morgan for alleged lack of
courtesy. , , ,
Referring to an Incident which occurred
the other day. in which Morgan declined
to yield to Tillman to reply to a state
ment made by Wolcott of Colorado con
cerning the "suppressed vote" of South
Carolina, Tillman'sald:
"I have felt Indignant at the treatment
I received from the Senator (Morgan).
Never In my experience in the Senate
have I been treated so discourteously by
any member of the Senate."
Morgan endeavored to interrupt Till
man. but th* latter waived him aside,
"I decline to yield to the Senator. He
has put himself outside the pale of cour
tesy and consideration so far as I am con
cerned.". ¦ ~ ¦
. In the course of a criticism of the meas
ure Tillman said: '. • :*¦
"I don"t object to a protection of the
whites of Hawaii, but what I do object to
is the hypocrisy of those in this chamber
who maintain that- the people of Hawaii
are to be treated differently from those
¦who reside in Louisiana, Mississippi, South
Carolina and other* Southern States. The
whites of the South are patriotic Ameri
cans I want you to. protect; the whites
of Hawaii, but don't try*. to do It, by hy
pocrisy."
Tillman then read a letter, from a per
son .unnamed, who declared that "a man
who dares to oppose the sugar barons in
Hawaii Is In jeopardy of his 1ife." ... . - j
Clark of Wyoming asked for the name
of the writer of the letter.' saying such
a charge ought not to be made lightly In
the Senate. Tillman declined to give the
writer's name... '
After expressing some sympathy with
the argument of Tlllman Clark of Wyom
ing said:
-When the Senator from South Carolina
charges Senators on the Republican side
of the chamber with hypocrisy it comes in
very very poor grace for him to declare
by Almighty God that the negroes of the
South should not vote." .
Tillman— Such a construction cannot in
fairness be put upon my remarks.
Clark— Will you say to this Senate that
you are not trying, in the South to sup
pre«s the negro vote?
Tillman (with grent vehemence)— No; I
will say that In South Carolina we have
done our level best to keep the "nigger"
from voting.
Tillman gave notice of an amendment
substituting the suffrage provisions of the
South Carolina constitution for the suf
frage provisions of tho pending bill. At
4:40 tho Senat" went into executive ses
sion and at 4:45 adiourr.ed.
I FIRS T~SHO WING |
• OF •
{SPRING NOVELTIES!!
S SPANGLED ALLOVER NETS. |
5 Black and Silver Band Gulmps. trimmings novel deslßn» of allover embroidered.
• tucked, corded atfd embossed «i!ks, nets. etc.. for fronting Just opened. >e» •*
O Laces, Kdgings, Insertions and Allovers to match. ' -^ •»
S SHIRT WAISTS. j
• 1900 styles Tucked Taffeta Silk Waists of «xeellent quality, well mad- and perfect ©
• fitting, nearly all colors in stock. If you want a special shade we are prepared t»
© to make It up. 9
J Special values at $5, $6.75 and $7.50. •
2 WASH SHIRT WAISTS. S
• HANDSOME STYLES THAT ARE VERT SWELL, AT **
S 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50 and $2. o
$ ON SALE AT BOTH 3TOKBS. . ¦ ¦'¦ J
i KOHLBERG. .STRAUSS & FROHMAN f
J 107-109 POST STREET. J
• 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET. *
Self respect Is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
FATE OF PORTO
RICAN TAR IFF
House Republicans Hold
a Caucus.
COMPROMISE IS PROBABLE
? /
CONFERENCE COMMITTEE OF
TEN NAMED.
It Is Generally Believed the Bill Will
Be Amended So as to Be Opera
tive for Two Years
Only.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— At the con
clusion to-night of the conference of Re
publican members of the House on the
Porto Rioan , tariff bill Representative
Cannon of Illinois was elected chairman
and was authorized to make a statement
of the general results. He said:
The conference was In good temper, and a real
effort was made to harmonize differences of
opinion concerning the Porto Mean tariff bill.
It looks as though this effort would be success
ful. Alter full dlhcusslon the confereuoe by
unanimous, consent acreed to the selection of
a committee of ten mf-mbers. Jive of whom were
to be appointed by the chairman of the caucus
from among those In favor of the bill, and live
were to be appointed from those who do not
agree to the bill in whole or In part, the ap
pointments to be made by a committee of three
consletinst of Representatives i'owers of Ver
mont, Crum:>acker of Indiana and Lorlmer of
Illinois. This committee Is to report Its con
clusions and recommendations to a Republican
conference to be held in the hall of the House
Monday evening next at S o'clock. In accord
ance with the resolution 1 have named Messrs.
Payne, I.ialzell, Hopkins. Russell and Dolliver,
and the other live are to b* handed to Chairman
Payne to-morrcw.
The conference met at 8 o'clock ia the
hall of the House. About 100 Republican
members were present. The element in
opposition to the bill was weil represented,
McCall, Littlelield, Powers, Lorimer ana
others prominently identified with the op
position being on "hand. Cannon acted as
chairman.
Speaker Henderson took an active part
In the conference and made the iirst
speech of the evening. He spoke in a con
ciliatory spirit, urging that differences be
reconciled by the exercise of toleration on
both sides.
The llrst definite proposition came from
Pearre of Maryland, who suggested a
compromise fixing two years as the limit
for the operation of the proposed tariff.
Pearre supported this in a speech indi
cating no purpose to make an is^ue
against the bill, but rather a disposition
to secure united action by compromise.
Powers of Vermont was the first to give
voice to the opposition sentiment. He said,
however, that he had come into the con
ference in the hope and expectation thac
differences would be adjusted. His ro
marks were regarded as tending toward
a harmonious adjustment.
Chairman Payne of the "Ways and
Means Committee spoke at considerable
length and manifested some feeling at
times. He disavowed any pride of opin
ion In the bill, as he. had not drawn it,
although as chairman of the committee It
had fallen to his lot to present It. Mem
bers gathered from what Payne said that
the Secretary of War and those War De
partment oHTcials most familiar with
Porto Rican affairs had drawn the bill.
Payne conveyed the impression that the
President was not opposed to the bill, cer
tainly on the constitutibn.il questions in
volved, although he carefully refrained
from any. direct statement as to the atti
tude cr- wishes of the President.
Grosvenor of Ohio was expected to make
a statement directly indicating the Presi
dent's desires, but he carefully refrained
from doing so. He said that he had re
cently attended a banquet where he was
expected to "speak from the throne," but
he had' prepared a speech which wholly
omitted any authoritative statement. So
to-nlßht. he said, he did not Intend to
Vspeak from, the throne.'" He said that the
proposition.. limiting the operation of .the
bill to two 'years was as far as the meas- :
ure should be changed.. -¦
The speechmaklng became general — Hill,
Cannon, Sperry, McCall. Brown of Ohio, '
Fletcher. Lacey. Tompklns and Littlefield
succeeding each other. La coy brought for
ward a compromise, giving to the Presi
dent full authority to act. For a time the
discussion turned on this proposition, but
It failed to develop much strength.
The speeches of McCall and Littlefield
attracted much interest because of the
positive attitude they have taken. McCall
spoke calmly, but did not state his oppo
sition to the measure as a whole, and
showed a disposition to accept any of the
compromises suggested. Littlefield was
more vehement, declaring that he had not
surrendered his views against the meas
ure as a whole, although he felt disposed
to turn the subject over to the President,
as had been proposed. Littlefleld sug
gested that free trade be given to Porto
Rico, with a distinct declaration that this
should not operate as a precedent appli
cable to other Insular possessions. This
was met w.ith a counter proposition from
Throop of Pennsylvania that the 25 per
cent, rate, as provided by the original
bill, be retained, with a declaration that
this do not operate as a precedent. Neither
proposition was favorably entertained and
they were not pressed.
Up to midnight none of the propositions
had been voted upon, and members be
gan leavjng the hall. The feeling pre
vailed, however, that the two-year limi
tations would be agreed upon as a basis
of compromise, and that with this change
the hill would receive pretty general al
though not unanimous support. As the
attendance was rapidly diminishing, it be
came apparent that no final action could
be reached to-night, and the plan of a
committee of ten — live from each side — to
go over the subject and report some mid
dle ground was unanimously accepted by
all present.
Chairman. Cannon was authorized to
make public the report that at 12:15
o'clock tho conference aojourned until
Monday night, when the report of the
committee of ten will be received.
Waterhouse's Boby Cremated.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.-The body of
Henry Waterhouse Jr.. the rich Hawaiian
planter, who died hrrc during his honey
moon- was cremated to-day. To-morrow
sss Ssfflsßwass for Hon ° iuiu
PROFESSOR MOSES'
CHANCES BRIGHT
Californien Regarded as a" Certainty
for a Place on the Philippine
Commission.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— 1t was of
ficially announced late to-night that four
of the five members of the new Philippine
Commission had been sc!e;ted. They are:
Judge Taft-of Ohm, Luke T. Wright of
Tennessee. H. C Ide of Vermont, and
Dean Worcester of Michigan. The fifth
member will be announced later. It Is
generally believed he will be -Bernard
Moses of California.
Mr. Ide, one of the new members of the
commission, is a lawyer by profession, a,
native of Vermont and ~>C, years" of age.
He is a graduate of Dartmouth and from
ltf-2 to ISSS was a member of the Siute
Senate of Vermont. He was president of
the Republican State Convention in 1884
and a delegate to the Republican Na
tional Convention in 1596. He was a
commissioner to Samoa In ISSI and Chief
Justice of Samoa under a joint appoint
ment of England, Germany and the
United States. ; .
Luke K. Wright, also a new member, is
one of the bc-st-known lawyers in the
South. General Wright is 63 years of age
and was educated at, the University of
Mississippi. He entered the Confederate
armj; at an early age and served as a
private throughout .the war. He was a
partner of United States Senator Thomas
B. Turlcy through a long series of years.
Goiural Wrlj?ht has been n lifelong Demo
crat and ha<« been closely Identified with
that party for thirty years and served
as a delegate to the Democratic National
Conventions of 187fi and ISBJ. General
"Wright is a firm believer In expansion.
Bernard Moses of Berkeley. Cal., men
tioned as a probable appointee, has been
professor of political economy In the Uni
versity of CaUfornla since 1876. He was
born in Burlington. Conn.. In 1848. and was
graduated from the University of Michi
gan in 1870. He, is the author of several
works on political economy and kindred
subjects.
More Pay for Diplomats.
WASHINGTON,, Feb. 24.— The diplo
matic appropriation . bill was to-day re
ported to -the Senate by the Committee
on Appropriations. .The appropriation
made by the bill was Increased $22,060.
making a total of ?1,765,7«8. The commit
tee recommends an increase of the salary
of the United States >. Minister to the
Netherlands to the extent of $2590, and a
like Increase fot the Minister to . Hayti,
making the former 510,000 and the latter
$7500. . • .
Half a Company Deserts.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— More than* half a
cbmpany of the 1000 recruits at Fort Slo
cum deserted on Thursday night and es
caped to New Rochelle, 'N. V., with -the
connivance of sentries, who had been
posted -to prevent Just such an. occurrence:
Ten of the men have been returned by two
of the sentries .who deserted with the
others and forty-two of the privates have
not been h<»ard from. The men who came
back are now in solitary confinement. ¦¦: •
Sacramento baseball club, la out of tha
business. He has disposed of his fran
chise and park privileges to James W.
Butler and Jimmy Denny, two young men,
of th|s city, who will assume the man
agement. . ? ..
Both Butler and Denny have long: taken
attractive interest In the game, the tatter
for two years past having. Under Kripp.
managed. the club. He was also a member
of the club and Is an all-round player of
no mean ability. . -
Suspected of Cochise Robbery.
TUCSON*. Ariz.. Feb. 24.— Tombstonn
advices say Detective Thacker caused th«
arrest of Bert Alvord. constable of Will
cox, and Deputy Sheriff of Cochise
County, and W. F. Downing, a cowboy,
on the charge of holding up the South
ern Pacific express at Cochise. near Will
cox. September 9 last, when a large sum
of money was secured by the robbers.
Thacker suspected Alvord shortly • after
the robbery, but could not secure evi
dence until after the Fairbank hold-up,
which it is now stated Alvord planned. It
Is now said that "Three-fingered Jack,""
just before his death, revealed Alvord'3
connection with both hold-ups.
Injured in a Runaway.
SANTA ANA. Feb. 2L— Game .Williams
and Frank Collins, representatives of the
Earl Fruit Company, were probably la
tally Injured this evening at Orange In a
runaway. The men were driving a spir
ited animal, which became frightened.
The bit broke and the horse dashed
against a post, wrecking the busrgy anl
throwing Williams and Collins violently
to the ground. Williams" leg was broken
In two places, the bone severing an ar
tery. Collins is believed to have his back
and one arm broken. It is thought both
men will die.
Unknown Body Found.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 24.— The partly
decomposed remains of an unknown man
were found In a secluded part of Nadeau
Park, three miles from Vernon. by a boy
yesterday. The body was brought here
to-day and an Inquest was held, but the
remains were not identified and will b«
burled in Potter's field.
CARGO OF FARMING
MACHINERY FOR RUSSIA
Steamer Crewe Will Carry the Larg
est Shipment Ever Sent From
- - -This Country. .
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 24.— The British
steamer Crewe will shortly sail from this
port for Novorossisk, Russia, with the
largest shipment of agricultural imple
ments ever made from this country- The
cargo Is valued at nearly $1,000,000, and In
cludes thousands of reapers*, mowers,
threshers and various other kinds t>f har
vesting machinery.
There are 110 men employed In the work
of loading the vessel. A master stevedore
will accompany the cargo and superintend
Its discharge. This Is the first Instance
where an entire cargo of farming ma
chinery has left America.
TROUBLE TOR RYAN.
Controller Colgan Refuses to Recog
nize Validity of His Appointment.
Special EHspatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 21.— Frank D.
Ryan, the State Commissioner of Public
"Works appointed by Governor Gage. H
likely to find that drawing his salary will
not be the least onerous of the duties at
tached to the office.
State Controller Colgan. It was an
nounced this afternoon, declines to retcjr
nize the validity of the appointment, ani
he has also refused to pay the salaries vt
the engineers employed under Ryan's tt rm
or for the work performed by contractors
since E. E. Leake of Woodland surren
dered the post. The Controller declines to
state his position until Monday, but If i»
understood that his claim Is that the life
of the commission had expired under the
law at the time Gage made his appoint
ment.
KRIPP RETIRES.
Passes His Baseball Interest to But
ler and Denny.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 24.— Ed L. Krlpp.
who for the last four years has had ab
solute control and management of th©
bTATIONEW ANl> PRINTER.
Tel S hlc PARTRIDGE " i< *K? u
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, Sfig'^J
1)1 A MONO COAL. MINING CO. at Us GREEN
hIVEB COLLIERIES, ia the Best Coal la tha
market. Office and Yards — ISO Main street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BITTER WORDS
IN THE HOUSE
Littlefield of Maine Is
Grilled.
TONGUE-LASHED BY TAWNEY
STYLED A MOUTHPIECE OF THE
LUMBER BARONS.
Minnesota Representative Rebukes
Dingley's Successor for Oppos
ing the Porto Rican Tar
iff Bill.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Throughout
the debate on the Porto Rico bill in the
House of Representatives to-day there
was an undercurrent of speculation on
the outcome of the efforts to bring about
united action on the part of the majority
of the House. Frequent conferences were
held between representatives of the vari
ous elements in the hope of bringing about
a common ground of understanding for
consideration at the formal conference.
The debate brought out a speech by Rep
resentative Tawney of Minnesota, scor
ing Littlefield of Maine, for his speech of
yesterday, and also two speeches from the
Republican side by Tompklns of New
York and Powers of Vermont, opposing
the bill. Thayer closed the day with a
defense of the anti-Imperialists. T£e other
speakers were Eddy of Minnesota for the
bill and Clayton of Alabama and Brous
sard of Louisiana against It.
Clayton of Alabama was the first speak
er of the day. presenting a legal argument
against the bill. He maintained that the
United States military forces held Porto
Rico at the time of the treaty and that
the island became as much a part of the
United States as the Territory of Arizona.
Tawney Scores Littlefleld.
Tawney of Minnesota, a member of the
Ways and Means Committee, enlivened
the debate by his severe arraignment of
Littlefield of Maine. Said he:
I have been profoundly impressed with the
great importance of the questions Involved in
this discussion. Until yesterday these questions
had been considered by gentlemen on both sides
of the House with the utmost sincerity, with
earnestness and with that dignity becoming
questions of so great Importance and the dignity
of the forum in which they are to be tried.
I regret that it was left for the gentleman
from Maine to play In this great debate the
part of a buffoon for the benefit of the Demo
cratic party and for the amusement of the
galleries.
The Democratic applause with which that pe
culiar affectation of voice was received yester
day would not have greeted a speech made
upon the pendlns bill by that late peerless
American statesman and always loyal Repub
lican predecessor of the gentleman from Maine.
The hope of notoriety or the existence of legal
technicalities would not have induced that gen
tleman (Dlngley) to have left the ranks of the
Republicans and joined the ranks of the Demo
crats simply because his judgment did not co
incide with the judgment of his associates upon
the Ways and Means Committee or upon the
floor of this House respecting party policy. Nor
could he have been induced to exhibit that
want of decent courtesy toward the members
of that committee or his colleagues upon the
floor of this House which the gentleman (Lit
tlefield) exhibited in the course of his remarks.
What is the excuse which the gentleman has
for his unusual and. I may say, unprecedented
course? What is his justification? He tried to
make the House believe that it is because we
are attempting to Impose a tax upon the peo
ple of Porto Rico, and also because, according
to the peculiar logic of this backwoods lawyer.
H8 he calls himself, this bill is unconstitu
tional.
Spoke for the Lumber Baron.
In the course of his remarks he told this
House that if this bill Is enacted into law the
spruce lumbermen of Maine, carrytne i their
lumber to Porto- Rico, would be obliged to. pay
a duty of ;ii» cents a thousand on all the rough
lumber which they take to that Island. Who Is
it that is complaining of that tax of 50 cents
a thousand? Not the people of Porto Rico, but
the lumber barons of the State of Maine. That
is the reason why the gentleman is here, say
ing that he cannot agree with his party asso
ciates In imposing a duty upon American prod
ucts goina: to Porto Rico, wnen he knows that
every Collar of that duty Is paid over to the
people of that island for their benefit.
And if this theory, which he has always advo
cated, and which the Republicans have always
claimed to be correct— if the theory that the
man who Imports pays the duty be correct —
then all of this tax upon the products going to
Porto Rico from the United States is paid by the
people of the United States. It is not. there
fore, the tax upon the people of Porto Rico that
constitutes his real objection, but because the
fishermen of New England and the spruce lum
bermen of Maine want to get their products
Into the ports of Porto Rico for 25 per cent of
the existing tariff on goods when Imported Into
the United States from foreign countries.
Powers (R.) of Vermont declared th;U
the acquisition of Porto Rico had brought
to the Island the same rights and privi
leges as arise In Arizona. New Mexico or
any of the other Territories. Brous3ard
(D.) of Louisiana opposed the bill and con
troverted the figures given by Payne par
ticularly In their reference to sugar an-1
rice. As to the latter article, he said,
Porto Rico afforded a large amount of the
American, product, which should b« re
tained.
Defends Anti-Imperialists.
Thayer of Mississippi closed the day'a
speeches with an enerpetic protest agrairm
the attacks made on the anti-imperialists
as copperheads and traitors.
"We are not ashamed of the company
we keep." exclaimed Thayer. "In all mat
ters pertaining to the welfare of the coun
try, the prosperity of our people and- the
perpetuation of American institutions we
prefer the counsel and advice of Bout
well. Hoar. Hale and Fuller to that of
Hanna, Platt. Quay and Beverldge."
At 5 o'clock the House adjourned untlJ
Monday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
COAL COKB AND PIO IROH.
J-C WILSON & CO-, Telephone^Matn 13M.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BI.TTH. M«r.
CXV ¦ CiliTH Ship PlumbJnr. Steamboat
W-TT* J.Tlllll. and Ship Work a Specialty. It
and IS Washington tt, Telephone Main st>U.
FUESH AND SALT MEATS.
14? FftVF^fcm Shipping: Butchers. 1M
JAj- Lwltja W-U-, clay. TeU Main 1234.
FURS.
• 11* ijViJIAU, ftyltx lowMt (itic—. i«flnod»inj.
PAPKK DHALERI.
n'ti I IMFTTF Pi-' 2 -!' and paper co^
niLLAiilCllC to; Montgomery »t.
. , IHI.NTI.NJ.
F C HIIfiHFs printer.
• • W- IIIUUCJ. 5n Sansome at.. S. F.
BHBIBBBEEBHBBBEBIBBBIBIBBHBIMIIfIIIIIIinBBD
9 B
a ¦ n
g IN g
s n
B B
g 12,000 dozen NEW FRENXII VALENCIENNES LACES go 0:1 g
g sale, commencing to-morrow, at a tremendous sacrifice. E
a The prettiest and daintiest patterns, in the choicest and newest ef- g
H fects in Edgings and Insertions, are represented in this enormous pur- *¦
B chase. q
H It would be impossible for us to offer you these grand values but for q
B the fact that we closed out part of the immense stock from a leading; New B
|3 York lace importer (recently retired from business) at a great discount. H
•3 Here we quote a few of the many styles on sale: **
M - ¦¦ sa
S l-^Jr* DOZEN— SOO dozen Valenciennes' OQ/. T>OZEN— low) dozen Valenciennes t&
B ac*w Laec. neat panercs. worth 25c. OOw Lace, cho'ce patterns, worth 5Cc. Q
n |Qr> DOZEN— 6OO dozen Vulenc>nnesl^ O r DOZEN— IOOO dozen Valenciennes g
g **JW Lace, neat Slatterns, worth 25c. *T^C- La< c,- choice patterns, worth 65c. M
H O4f* DOZEN— IOOO dozen Valenciennes eZPZf DOZEN— IOOO dozen Valenciennes m
BJ -*«Tw Lace, new effects, worth 35c iXJt9\* Lace, beautiful styles, worth 73c. gj
I A SPECIAL EMBROIDERY ITEM FOR MONDAY ONLY, |
m C?CO yards Embroider}', from 6to 7 Inches wide, made on (rood, durable cnrr.bfic, n
"S In th* rrettlest designs and open-work effects; real value 2Cc a yard. On |Ol<-» 5
™ •*> at yard I^liC B
I GRAY HOMESPUNS, \
g 54.95 A SUIT. REGULAR 57.50 VALUE. ¦
B ¦ A HAKE DRESS GOODS EVENT. D
B Commencing to-merrow. w* wjll place on. rale 300 pieces of high-class Gray Home- B
B *T>un Suitlccs— fabrics that for excellence, quality and. low prices stand unequaled. E3
g They were purchased from the well-known house of AHNOL.T). CONSTABLE & CO., n
— New York City, and have Ju?t arrived. Having contracted for them lone before the ~
¦J tavanc- In price, we are enabled to make t;-.ls unanpruachable offer. Ci
X Your choice cf any one *>f these 6tvllsh Suits, in five of the leading shades of Gray, E3
» AT &4.Q5 A SUIT. 1
B ' f
n Rfilif llllwu that Gray Homeypuns are more popular to-day than #>ver before: the m
g demand la unprecedented. &lake your purchases now while these bargains prevail. H
« Domestic Department. A Grand Ribbon Ottering. |
H TWO TEMPTING BARGAINS FOR An «ceptlona. opportunity for purchasing g
linuniV nt!l V ' AU ~ Slllt clacK Double-Faced Satin Ribbons, gj
B MUNOAY UM.Ii *of a superior quality, at extraordinarily low B
M prices:* H
Q Good quality G'ntham. In several styles, n
n nt theckx. dark colors; very serviceable' 300 pieces No. 7; special, lOc yard;' w
™ tor children's Drerses and Aprons. {"l/,j worth 20c. Q
B On fale at yard O*W »co pieces No. 50; special. 25c yard; B
g Outir.g Flannel, the 10c quality; quite • worth 40c. JU
Q heavy and very fleecy; in medium £*lg-, _?. * „,.. . , m
ri and licht colors. On sale at. yard V>4W There Ribbons are so much In demand BJ
!S _ . _ ¦ _ ! now for Belts. H
BJ Come and *cc our iipw Wash Goods; new I , . S£
g ssM^S^^-i?:^.-?? Npw Rnttnn Shirt Wakfc ¦¦
g Nrw Dimities. fa« colors, in the neatest " CW UUIiUII OISII I VldiOtO! Q
¦ f.^^^ .^ c !^ d ." i . cn .^. at ;;.";V.Var• d • 15C ***** nation, that mark the correct |
B "Whit» Orsandy. €S inches wido; a qual- Ftyle * for 190 °- rho! * making their selec- H
BJ ity well worth WV- a yard: sp«-ial QCC/-» tions now have the advantage of choosing »
BJ2 at yard OOW! frrti, 'all- the exclusive novelties. Ask to 5
5 OUR NEW FRENCH WOOL CHALLIES see them " g
a HAVE ARRIVED. LADIES' PETTICOATS, ENTIRELY NEW. 1
M Choice novelties In floral designs, polka! Embossed Moreen; accordion plaited H
fli d^ts and many other prominent styles. In flonnts; oxtra width end length; in gray H
•Jl the most bf-autiful oolorinrs. On sale at purple, blue, cyrano and black C 1 75 3d
g «Oc ani 75c a yard. Special at each tM— ¦ - £
1 BEAUTIFUL NEW FOULARD SILKS. B;
a . , A !f eh r. wl J 1 - , pf Printed Foulard Silks if the largest o f any in this city. The variety ra
g Includes all the favorite colorings of New Pastel Shades. New Blue New Rose N>w «
« P.eseda New \ toteCXew Gray. New Tan an<j New Brown. The designs are all exeiuT. H
m 'fir cann .°* ** ob iV"^ later \, Xo ctber prtces for equal flua'lty are so low as ours- B
Hi priced irem ••>« to f*l.— .# a yard. . • * ' H
I A TAFFETA SILK SENSATION. J
£ 85c QUALITY FOR 68c A YARDi |
¦ FOR MONDAY ONLY gSSjgSjsS £»&& SffiSl^wi : g ;
I mrans to more thoroughly Introduce thig high-class Taffeta; regular value f* A B
g kZ< . For Monday only , yard OOC S
gg No mail order* filled for same after Monday, and no discount to the trade . r»
& COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. §J
agBBBBBaHBBBBatHHaIBHBafaIBBBnaIBBaBBBaiaHaaHHaBBa
16WANT CLEAN POLITICS.
Committee of One Hundred Organized
in San Jose.
Facial Dispatch to The Call. '
SAN JOSE. Feb. 24.— The committee of
one hundred, composed cf the be?t citizens
of the city, who have organized for the
purjKDfe of srelr.g that only clean men are
ejected to city offices at the coming elec
tion in May, met last night at Turn
Verein Hall and adopted a platform. Col
onel A. K. Whltton presided. There waa
a good attendance.
'me platform <lt-c!arcs that municipal
atlairs m ban Jose as now controlled by
political manipulators occasion great in
jury to the city and drive away desirable
jMjcplc- Bff-fr'Pg botnes; and have impaired
the efficiency ot thr pu^iic schools and
oih<?r city departments. The committee
desires trie correction of these abuses and
favors clean politics and an upright ad
ministration. It wants the affairs of the
city corulucted economically and on
strictly business principles and the pro
visions of the charter followed.
Mayor Martin and his administration,
during which he appointed -several rela
tives, is hit hard in the plank, declaring
"there should be no favoritism nor
nepotism in the appointment of public of
ficials or the conduct of city business."
After the unanimous adoption of the
platform an adjournment was taken for
three weeks. At that time a Mayor.
Treasurer. Clerk and two Councllmen will
bo nominated.
With this committee of one hundred and
its influence arrayed against the Rea
pang the city campaign promises to be a
UyeJy one.
The friends of the Old Government
Whisky axe never drunkards. • »_
Three Cheers for the Shoe Sale.
Eoys will wear shoes after •to-morrow,
for Me will buy them a pair worth $2 at
the sale of shoes,- 717 Market street. •
Will Pray for Rain.
Special rff=patch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 24.— T0-morrow
morning and evening the prayers of the
orthodox ministers of the city are to be
offered for the rain which is so much
needed in this county as well as through
out Southern California. That was the
decision arrived at at this week's meet
ing of the Ministerial Association of San
Diego. The rainfall for this season ¦is
4.55 inches short of the average seasonal
fall to this time in the year and there
has not been a good rain for nearly, two
months. Moreover the county has not
had sufficient rain for fully: >.ur -years
and the -ground' could easily take care
of a double allowance for the next three
months without complaint being, offered
by any one. The wishes of the people
go with the prayers of the ministers.
departure for Washington. ' He writes
that the burdens of Senator were thrust
upon him at such short notice that his
private affairs-are in no shape to leave
and it Is taking longer than he expected
to get them straightened about. He says
he will make this a port of call on the
first week of his return to the State
either at or before the close of the pres
ent session of Congress.
MRS. GEORGE DODSON
GRANTED A DIVORCE
Hsr Husband Squandered His Own
Fortune, Then Pawned Her
Jewelry.
Special Difpatch to The Call.
I.OS ANGELES. Feb. 24.— Mrs. George
K. lJods>on was granted a divorce in Judge
York's court yesterday on the ground of
desertion. Dodson, who was a Meat In
spector of this city, is the son of the
wealthy superintendent of the Yerkes
Chicago streetcar system* The young
man inherited $50,000 when a child. Com
ing Into possession of this wealth he pro
ceeded to play ducks and drakes with his
gold. At the age of 27 he is adrift upon
the world, having lost wife and baby, and
not a sou remains. Shooting parties,
swell suppers and other extravagances
devoured his shekels. Ills wife, who is
the daughter of a wealthy Chicago fam
ily, had Just emerged from a seminary
when she met her husband. Her beauty
dazzled the young man, the courtship
lasting, six months.
"He squandered all his money and took
the rings off my daughter's fingers to
pawn. She had $4000, but he left her only
the wedding ring,'' the mother of the wife
testified. . ' . -¦..»
"\Va*« he Intoxicated when he left?"
Judge York asked.
"Yes, sir,*.' the plaintiff responded.
"You may take the decree," the court
answered.
CAMPAIGN AGAINST BIRDS.
Organized Parties Will Hunt Blue
0 ¦¦_¦¦.. .- ¦ .
jays and Hawks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP, Feb."24.— A movement
for the purpose of exterminating the
biuejaysand hawks has be'en started at
this place. It is proposed to organize
a gun club of all the sportsmen of this
section and on certain days to Start out
in such a manner as to cover the greatest
territory and working toward a certain
point slay the destructive birds. At the
meeting- place a dinner will -have been
prepared and a comparison of scores will
be made after the feast. Prizes will be
awarded to the ones getting the most
birds.
The bluejays and hawks are very de
structive to the young quail and quail
nests and unless something is done im
mediately the game birds will become ex
tinct in this section.
San Diegans Disappointed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
BAN DIEGO, Feb. 24.— Senator-elect
Thomas R. Bard has replied to the Invi
tation of the people of San Diego through
the Chamber of Commerce to the effect
that he will' not be able to visit this
southernmost' end of the State before his
Fair commensurate with California's pro
gress and development.
NEW CYANIDE PLANT.
Will Dispose of Tailings in'san Diego
County.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 21.— The largest cya
nide plant in the State of California will
be completed at Hedges, in the eastern
part of this county, some time in the early
portion of next month. It will have a
capacity for treating 300 tons of tailings a
day, and as there is plenty of material on
hand, it la expected tnat tne Golden Cross
Mining Company will maKe a big thing
out of the operation of the plant.
, The mine has been In operation for a
i good many years, and there are now close
to 800,000 tons of tailings to' be worked over
through the cyanide plant soon to be
started. As the output of the mine is over
SCO tons a day at present. It will be seen
that the new plant, though it will cost
completed about $25,000. will not be cble
to keep up with 'the ¦ increasing pile as
loner as the mine continues to run.
Isaac Trutnbo of San Francisco to the
prt-sent receiver of the company. Tie will
flic his report for the month of January
within, a short time. It will show that
the January clean-up amounted to 521.000.
Over 200 men are employed at th-i mine at
present.
DISEASE AMONG CATTLE
IN SAN JOAQUIN COUNTY
Infectious Mammitis Spreads Among
the Herds and Many Animals
Are Killed by Authorities. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Feb. 24.— A disease known
as infectious mammitis has become, preva
lent among dairy cattle. and some of the
milch cows of private families in this
county. The disease "Is of • rare occur
rence and is particularly malignant. Thi«
is its first appearance in this pan of the
country. The disease first showed itself
two days. ago In the herds of two dairies
supplying milk in this city. It spread
rapidly and already nearly half a hundred
cows are affected, says Dr.' Eddy.
The disease is a contagious inflamma
tion of the udder. It attacks the gland
duots and follicles,' causing deep-seated
swellings, which are often hard. It usual
ly affects the milch cows and may go
through an entire herd. Even if the cows
recover a portion of their udders are often
left in a diseased 'condition. The disease
is due to a septic germ and Is carried
from one cow to another by the milk
er's hands. • Eruptions are present
upon the skin of the teat and udder and
the swelling Is very pronounced. There
are constitutional disturbances shown by
emaciation, languor and refusal to eat
food.' ¦-¦ ' ¦ -¦. -
Dr. Eddy has visited, two of the. dairies
where the cows are affected. Th<*
milk ffom the diseased cows, he said, had
a most disgusting odor. Several of the
cows had already begun to show signs
of mortification and they were ordered
killed.
?
FAIR SCHEDULE CHANGED.
Northern States Will No I#ongar Con
i^Us flict- With California.
Special TJispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 24.— Secretary Pe
ter J. Shields of the State Board of Agri
culture has secured an Important conces
sion for the approaching State Fair. It
has happened for many years past that
the State Fairs of Washington and Ore-
Ron conflicted with the California Expo
sition, and the result was that many who
exhibited their stock and products in the
Northern States found themselves unable
to exhibit, in California at the same time.
Secretary Shields has convinced the pro
moters of the State Fairs of Washington
and Oregon that it is to the mutual inter
ests of tnemselves and California to- have
their fairs at varying dates. As a result
the Oregon society will hold its fair from
September 17 to 22 and the Washington
society, September 24 to 29. The Califor
nia State Fair will be held from Septem
ber 2to 15. Secretary Wisdom of the Ore
gon society writes that some of the choic
est herds In Oregon will he sent to the
California Fair, this year. Secretary
Shields declares that the prospects are
brighter than ever this year for a State
THE EMPORIUM.
I GlTOaf DOMbIB Sale* Cape ' ome -supplies at 'lowest prices. Beautiful Spring Millinery |
£ The retail stock of Men's and Boys' Clothing of Brown Bros. & gjj SjPßffl^^^B%H BP MS center of Europe and the East. 'ir^ilf '*
§ fhoYan^D;; S("S ("o code ods r Sd' lutt and Cloak Stock of H. Strnuss & i iMf* &*><§ *%M jli New Ornaments New Crowns New Hats J&& |
I f Co., 14 Grant avenue. . W ®^I^^HB BCB2te ®A2raLaj\ New Braids &ew Shapes New Trimmings 'C&^T *?
5: See announcement of sale later. California's largest-America's orandest store - w&m* to Lo* at <Any Time. :«
ar ~~~~ \ . ' . ¦ - :—:: — : -• . x
5S QGmnlf>>se* Sing*!* Everything needed by the * ¦ ? 4" — ? $Jd»B*# f* B <T%4 Bm 505 0+ *a No need to pat- ¦$
I cS^oorff . rllsHH^i The Empartun, Economist, "To Have and to Hold," . JJj"S- 1 *® > "T.t ?S
I ™? w r m our fegCgy* sJISSiSS sSS^Sf O^S?OMiMM SSI ¦» m *?•+ * " »<:"•. ? S**" ' ii r f en ' s & Boys'. £»y$ r L;ei! |
{j % Cprf,oftheT B rVbStEelec : el rial and wrUtcn description of th» new styles, attrac. another «ondetfd .tory of the earliest Colonial TimM. and for much less money, in the Boys' Department particularly; •$
»¦ j&k faWfiSSj and «»11 warned doo- wood tivaly printed and bound, that U free t» out-of-town . first copies arrived last Thursday— publisher's price we have concentrated much effort to produce handsome, at- •;*
I J»<F/2?r Slly! SLH d For one week only , W^ «g£ 3KST.^S3£"ESZ «
I 8$ feTva ymw\ Extraordinary Offering Fine m . sai ;^3S ¦s I
X W \| n e ' g :' r,r!!^: m I <£©V'4^- 2&> *»« lj=£ broidered. latest shape sleeves, you -J
i y^lm, PFvf-FF 5 Wmry%. ' Shoes. gaL SfeMS&sgE I
f, .JT*^ hff hand-forced from the finest- \ «"U- X <?'¦ ¦ ;'//V; '//V ' " r« ue > r,«« c^.v«- c ,;#-. 1 *
* F mild steel. aAm V- V «K We begin a Shoe Sale Monday Mornin? distinguished by values iPWsSSk .?* „"* „£ °^7- l r f " ? J- W : ?
$ O d d B 1Ub? %?V% Cl &ifr 5 A M i{SfS Wmk that nev^r bee. known in this city. Until c.osinftime next Satur- %&Bg& %F«£S* \^SS^JS^JtI %
$ °A?T^ WBK fW\/3 d V ni ? ht ws off * r the choice 0? seven style, of our celebrated , 111 l th \ best - ma , ke " in fl York ' from whoKl $
I Golf Balls 52.50,53-50 and £4.00 a dozen /h^i l (jii(,M JAS LSZpJIBgXGI* &*9 Z£ffl *M '"'^^ \ 45 SS '•fi SwiVnTc'T *J?n Z
% Captive Golf for practicing strokes, each $I.OQ O;fS i[ lw /7 SL^SSSeS &<&*&(& d^IOGS 27 ! >MWi ' >* Bnvs>2 P?£'n s'iSti-iSj*- <
S SSS^^-ii^iSv fnniasSS §JVW K Wh lhey are in the P revailin S fashionable style 3 -kid tops, cloth tops, HT\ . E^ofe ofiheS Si Tw*l. ZtZTZ %
% Golf Guides, copy Wo Score Books lOg to sOc fl/^jlii, fJ^ lace or button, turned sewed soles,' various styles of toes and heels, in /\\ traordinary value for the money asked, 5
X 'fl'vSC^fe f*^ size 3 ranging from 2 1-2 to 8, and in widths from Ato V~the best fitting, A U . many new colors and s
»* Daintiest Of Every week adds doz- I . •(/ CS^ the best ivearinir ami the most comfortable shoes ever sold for less than J£ \ SdSd^S thTlTe .Ft *
5 Vis^h Fabrics ens of new iabrics to V^^ fo.ooapur. For one week only, beginning Monday, February 26, these assortment which has >S $
X ,"".,, "•"•«« already marvelous showing It >ff seven styles of Clir come to us within the past two weeks.
* of wash materials. In one line alone we have more than 200 V^^/ m mm '_?__ _„, iT : Lt v . . , M^Lfm *!ar*lnn Stilts at &lO— /x/f> «
I 2g£^Jiag^B!igsai?SSSJfe \J Ladies' $3.50 Shoes, $2.58. ™"k?X£^ cl J™£ U7 1\ i
Yin «.,h good, but what finds its way to us. Here are some of Firs! D^qrlmM-RigU cf E«j,.«c clnding »^ «», f °™ t \^«* '££ pgr/ \\ X
liS^^SSiipii: X^ e «2= BrMHte^^^^^Lt^ SSSS.SS? % I
* tion, per yard.. 3(tC tOUlas*&lS, ©fC* silk selling, d-monatrating b)- Gf NOW PIaSUS. that you wish to pay, it is not • J"' V» a \ ' -^-L %
i Madras Zephyr Gingham?, from Scoihnd, yond all possible doubt that our values, our assortments an i to be found in town. the most duraD.e kina, a great Dig yam» a
U stripes, checks and solid colors, yard 25n our styles maet public approval, and still the most beautiful Camel's Hair Homespun and Fancy Piaids— 33 inche3 wide, per m / P "iS»i*r Raatan Ovei* \\
JC Dainty Dimities, ia charming color effects, everyone silk fabrics that have ever beea produced keep pouring in. yard 50C nnJttt-^l dv" m *Sck two num 10 '%
g new and desirable, yard ..... I2ho Wash Silks- Another shipment received last Fridavin Pebb'e PlaHs-42 inches wid-, in six new and striking color bers of these extreme y stylish garments", I J *
V Hno BatlstO RayO, with raised cord line, a sheer charming bright colorings, mostly blues, pinks, lavender, combinations, per yari ••;••••••;•••• 750 S ° fine quality of Tan Covert, a beautiful £
ijf weave, in solid colors for evening wear, and figures and terra cotta and reds, every pattern choice, the correct Frerch Plaids -Deep patterns for children 3 dresses, an excel- gJew Orford Gray Vicuna, the garments / 1 %
* stripes for summer garments, per j^ 200 material for summer shirt waists and children's dresses, per lent wearing material in stylish colorings, per yard._s/-pO XK a re perfect samples of fine tailoring, all \'¦ \ X
«P WMtO Piques, new brocade and corded weave, an un- va d s fi Reversible Suitings— Plain on one side, plaid on the w£X V \\™a T with %flk sleeva lining and 1 1 -5
S usually attractive value at per yard 25 J J , V ,' " :O: OU ° other, the popular material for tailor suits or separate Rsilk lined witn silk sieeva imwgs ana \A #
$ White Or o aiMf/OV,u American production that rivals Fou!ards-\Ve hare .now a large and well-assorted stock sk irts per yard SU7S $2U '°° %**** $
I the imported %ces. 32 inches wide, per yard .I2hc from which to make selections and new des.gns are arriving First Ail- Uf. of Entrance. . Ftrst Flocr-N^r Entrana. Qr _ J
X V %l^rZ'^t* Wide ' 3D m W ° Ven S-en^n T 2St^ "Z The NewlSfaCk SUk Crepons, in both the fig- The Latest in Never^ |
S ,^^^h^ry^d:e^^^^^^iJrt 6 shadin^7^ DrsssGooSs andBt t7i- effe h e , L V m Ladies' Under muslins. £i£?w S
of shades for evening waar, including white, per yard...6Oc # , nch Sllk * are a! 1 2i ITlches Wlde ' P er - yard -; ".91 -OO , UrSSS taOOUSm be the most fashionable Nov- beejJ ao neat and dainty ag no^ The .j
5 n,, r^, t ow™ RVc/ R*,r CfrojiailfffOS- Another shipment arrived last week, mostly elty Dress Fabrics for Spring an! Summer wear.' The most -ffit* t eroupin? of fine tuckinn- combined «
I % Dry Goods Stctton, First Floor. fa gtripeg and p!aidg> beautifu \ , ace effect 3 for costumes> al { complete Mtfrtmmta in San Francisco are now here and V^A Sth hLstitchings^ and the ? added 5
j%' "" 45 inche3 wide, introductory prices from — per yard ...:. very reasonably priced. ¦ V s y elegance of superior embroideries *§
$ EaHV SpHng Exclusive mote $1.25 to $2.59 44-inch Silk Crepons in 10 different patterns, every one of £_% make the garments a delight to sea *5
* Ng»fßrw*a~a*» Stfnve*lHf*e: men 8 A fj Fancy Shirt Waist Sllks-20-mch fancy striped *4- m S?W cry V i St? V' 7'/ ? ~JsS&t>^ and a joy to wear. j*
V NeCSfWear NOVeitieS, received from the Taffe .J in the new ¦ and summer co!orinK3 ...:. .1. 44 -> n^ SilkCrepon ? , of very fine quality, in a splendi l assort- /«S|^ 9 1- large assort- ¦*
I A best designers in New \ork. ... . 750anA850 ment of s.yles, per yari $2.0 D t^T^^W^ )¦ ment to choose from all new styles «
* Handsome Peau de Soie Fringed Ribbon Scarfs, hand paintei o .""""' , ""'"'""j'^ .. i'''T*'a'l .1 ? 44-inch Silk Crepcna, an exceptionally fine quality, styi.3h nov- A^f *p' ' ff\ h\" \ with nnx pmhrnirlflriU <f 4e 'S
*: and polka dot effects in the colorings for spring of 19T0. 21 -' DC , h Handsome Colored Satin-striped Taffeta, the new pastel elty fabric, in 10 exquisite designs, figured and striped ef- g^/'M . JffifjJ J c^ h "gj,!™™ J **-"'^*'tf *
* each!.. - !.:...;.;57.75 - shades of blue, rose, castor, etc., per yard $1.10 fects, per yard .* $2.50 . v/'b'-lOT/ H ' t 7 h r* I* *
X Crepe de Chine hemstitched and fringed Scarf?, to be tied in 20-inch fancy ground, with plain white stripes, in all the new o4ls> a gre it va ity of styes m the higher g-ade ncvel::es (t\\ f :f-lw%m} ruffle " Ion 3 nem3ti^;hed #
*I four-in-hand or double sailor knots, in cream, black, b!us, shadings, per yard $1.25 at $;.co $; 50 and $4.50 per yjtd. Mi'VW^Wh 750 Drawers— With •*
j> pink, gray and other pretty Bhad|^each^..^.. _..„_.„_ First Section - Let of Eniranct. F,r<t <Ai I- Lift ;/ Entrance. |j. '.' $A' m edge of embroidery, with heml %
I Mousseu^^^ A Very Sssecial Offerings of ¦ Btitchbg at head of :5
|J» beautif ully appliqued ends in Honiton and Clunie lace, each... -. •* . ** . » SQ n-aivfl*»»~^everaVstvle/"with"}ac»"ym^Horv7r *
lig^pS^^S Haviland China Dinner Sets. SliSSi^^S^SH I
X i"-\i "-\ ¦ f*!~!L,i ,fuh for,.V. I°k' ' ri', , . -? 'SiiAnn £-11 1 n- 1. deep flounce of nice embroidery, one style has row 3 of hem- '2
*£*T~-n> m \ trimmed with fancj nb- X^S^X ' lucky customers will save $10.00 each thi3 week. We have stitching above tucks'. :. 52.00 n
15 1 fc^^S F/'IK&iH Sncy Hoi Son =C brafdV /a^^^sN a lot of 50 genuine Haviland China Dinner Sets, of 100 piece 3 Wash grosses- Pretty new effects for children from l>c
f f^S^^'f^^ with and without stocks! \ \ , each, a complete outfit for :12 persons. The sets are daintily deco- nilZ^Z^Jn-Z"^'^^^'^''* ;r 73 °
t. Jlt%^i atprice^ngfrom "ted with light^blue cornflowers and matt gold handles, and retail °^£% wot^iuSS S
•v' /¦ ./f • i i/vtC3*' si '• i\ frr onrini „..,. T u a V"^?^L^^«tis« '" 'jisSTV^ s?is?k 'vt -v s niiiitLesL vdiuy in line vj.und\\ai.c! nidi tne oig store nas e\er 01- __ _ — m _ . _ _ _, «i
I (/PsKKsi \ s^-t S2f Tork'fS: '^S^sf^^^^^ ferred-set complete « O /X X Z^ eFa3^'° naMe^oi i
I 5» /¦•^S&A^V-^ PI !T! T fringed and corded Crepe === '^ +£} O^ i m Zj) \_J rMffOr PUrSCSm the Y/i^A *
j *>* ¦ if\ :i&: i& I/.J i; •. " c Chine, in novelty CMain Floor — back of rotnnia. ; moment — everybody is using them, so V/\\\ \ "«
i«T *V?Aod fwi'vA ¦' '"'•*•'•'•*•'•*• shades-each ; much easier to carry than the ordinary / »* \ JE
|g »?T^ ££0^ 1 L; b f r^ s^ nd^f h ' s °^ California's aU ° t f h9 Extra Carpet and The prices quoted . purse^ a place for cards, coin and hand- h^'W^'Zfa
J W3KE3 $~>,\ With prettily p'eatei B'gsf GhStiCSQ famed .ftg^ FiSmHurG V&IUOSm •a^ good for the Pigskin..... 250 A'" -^."fA
i . _ o *» «#> e °So »^"""j**»"«« £?-3ws-»#« Orien * entire week— better values than these are not ob- Genuine Pigskin 75c %g! U-l
%' 55.00. $3.50. $3.25 and $2.50 aaZZSr» \ tal ta'nahlp Genuine Seal 750 »|> . tf^T^ |\J -5
tf Wash Lawn Stocks and Jabots -In white, pink and blue, just a Bazaars in San Erancisc-, the big /4? tj*W\ . .' Better grades in Seal and Morocco- w \&Jt B'/i. X
I* few of them in by express Si.U'J. 75c and 5Vc Chinese and Japanese Bazaar in &^&JM*§K GOOOS OoormatS-l5t2S inches, closely woven, $1.25, $1.50 and 51. 7 5 T J^ *#7 X
IJ A pretty line of plain and plaid string satin ties, some with tnia store is easily the finest. f^m^Mhn^. y\ heavy and durable; each 250 The lartre silver initials for these purses V " " '5
*' tassels each 25c The rare ivories, curious bric-a- IW*}^?' \J&.'A\ Matting Remnants-Linen and cotton warp, many uoward from 25c *
£ Fancy Goods Section-Firs' Floor. brae, carved ebonies, embroidereJ / fe^M%|feH^#lf desirabU lengths of the 25c, 35c and 40c grades, special, to First tloor-T^o'.ur.dj. X
J-> " silk?, beautiful cloisonne ware ¦!'¦¦ Wf^^s^^^wmw close, per yard /Go to 15c &
!»? and curios from all parU of tha 'i!i \|ii?^^^^Wj^'"^ Smyrna Rugs— All-wool, reversible, fringed end?, flcral NOVQItV RlfabOSlS Thenewestril) bon conceits •«
*' PJJQYf ColOrQtl many different styles for Orient are well worth a visit of /^o^^JaS^i '^ and P ersian patterns, regularly $2.50, each $1,60 . BMia*%lr »r» for neckwear and millinery \
*, _ -» _ Spring and Summer now being inspection. No stranger in San Tapestry Garpo ts— All-wool surface, a splendid line MOr n&GKW&arm purpose?, plain and fancy In
£> UrQSS LhOOU&b shown, that it is impossible to Francisco should leave town RpPrrfifTlr of patterns, regular 65c grade, special, per yard 4-5O fringed ribbons, from 3J to 5 inches wide and from \\ to 2 &
give most of them even the briefest mention. Notable among without visiting this beautiful ffiHlllif""""^ Axmlnster Oarpote—A heavy high pile carpet, the yar&s in length, ranging in price each from.. -^
5 the popular priced fabrics are : Bazaar. Goods are marked in plain figures at surprisingly • new spring patterns, in two two-tone Persian and Floral $1.25 to $1.85 &
it All' Wool Serges -The most complete line ever- low prices. Both native and American clerks. designs, per yard &1.00 St ring Ties- For Linen Collars, made of narrow fancy £
*£ brought to the coast, manufactured especially for the big 'Main Floor— Rear East Side All-Wool Ingrains— Heavy and durable, per yard.... ribbon with tasseh attached to each end— each 250
X store, every new spring coloring represented, per yard [ ' .500 Tne latest Pulley Tie?, Butterfly Hair Bows and Corsage Jf
J- $1.25, SI.OO, 75c, 600, SOo ' gr m . _l_- - . A / x Folding Oard Table— 3ox3o inches Bquare, solid Bows, made Iroo Of char go if materials are pur- ,X
*.* Granite Gto th— A very stylish weave, 50 inches wide, SCaSOnaHle HOSICry * . apartment oak, regularly $3.56, special $1.85 chased here. <£
X in twelve leading Spring shades, correct material for calling «*nri ilnrif*B**Mg*2*9* \ \ 1 Hanging nail Raok— Solid oak with French Plate Rbbon Counters— Rotunda. \
t or street coetumes. per yard $t.OU >!* 7 >*>*£*' *wf w r 1 mirror, rTgularlv $3.50, special .......-$2.25 7-7-, _ S
tt Cheokod GheviotS and HomesnunH-56 the latest department of the kind in the West. We • feel Hskl l Scat- Solid quarter sawed oak with box seat, regu- GrOCCrV BIIU It don t cost much to £
£ inches wids the new weaves for Sprine in light grays and confident that we can suit any customer m Hosiery and la _, %IWQ , _ $7mSQ a inunwm f-nnnnmw h ? ,7? Whc ° ? n °/ 3 °5 S
t tans, per yard $1.50 and $1.75 Underwear. Book oaso-Solid oak, polished, with adjustable shelves, LlqUOr BLCOnOmy. absolutely pure foods and $
V First Aisle— Left cf Entrancs. ¦ All Silk Vosfs-Imported Swis3 Ribbed Silk Vests, low regularly $21.50, special.... $16.75 drinks are cut down to thi3 point: X
X : neck and no sleeves; cream, pink, sky, lavender, cardinal China Cosot— Quarter sawed oak, with 14x23 pattern Sugar— Be3t granulated, 20 Bird Seed— The very best, x
5 C__r«M«fc nn A few hints from the ex- and black; all sizes; per garment $1.00 French plate mirror, bent glas3 ends, 4 feet 4 inches wide. lbs $1.00 mixed or plain, 4 1b5....24c 35
* ~~7f"jJ^ U " - tensive department in the Sik Union Suits— Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Silk regularly $45.00, special $33.75 Chocolate-Ghirardelli's Eagle Crown Cocktails— Quart bo t- £
JC iOllet ArilGleSm rotunda. Seven Sutherland Union Suits', high neck and long sleeves, colors cream, pink, Extra Largo Sideboard- Quarter sawed oak, Brand, cake 23c ties $1.00 J
$ Sisters Hair Grower, $1.00 size ". Gso sky blue and b'.ack, all sizea. per suit $3.00 v highly polished, has 18x40 French plate mirror nicely pat- Maple Syrup— Log Cabin, Manhattan Tom Gin jg
** x3T>v Seven Sutherland' Sisters Hair Lisle Thread Vests— lmported Swiss Ribbed, Rsal terned, heavy carving, base 54 inche* wide and 30 inches half gallon tins 6Sc Whiskey Brandy X
t Ptl±tf\ Grower-oOc size..... 350 Lisle Thread Vests, white, pink, sky blue, ecru and black- deep, full swell front, heavy rope effect, regu!arlv $50^00. To ma t oes — Golden Rule Vermouth Martini
I' Jtsßs&^ Kirk's Juvenile Soap- Low neck, no sleeves... 530 special this week $35.00 Brand new pack tin ...... 8c Hague Gm ,
X <j{S^2isL ¦ New size, cake 5o Hi_h neck short sleeves ..-. ...60c Second floor. .; L : .'\ ' . .^zr-: Baked Beans-Libbey s, tin.. Gin-Gray Stallion, none bet- J
St W Kent's Rum and Quinine Hair Hgft necK, snort Bloaves ; ouu _ _ c ter imported, large black *
5» f^\ jntr^hn^ TnmV-R n? hnttlft BQn High neck, long sleeves 730 • < < Oats- Best Eastern, 8 lbs.23c bottles 51.60 'Z
I &i^li^3l.,UEclaLnt e Fac7p«der-°,°. Silk Equestrian T/ffftte-Imported Swi- Ribbed. LaCe Curtains f « .S" wi'r f«r-Whole Wheat or Gra- Bo«rl»«« Whisl^-Old Go,. |
I $mmW^^MMMTMi?I& fe °^° rs ™::^.* y :."£% *« a f"-* l^" 3 - itt£&s£*££z asßfesKjjS $
h \ * f^L^Z^O.' 111 1 o L '? m:)Brts Antiseptic asm eacn .....^*»._-»* novelties at surprisingly low prices, qualities considered. 1K 6 ¦*£ _._ii nn 30/ "5
I K^m^Wn iJe^i^llpSS N^gf^ ir CurtainB - Fnl1 Bize ' be9t WSIMISzk *$^^'^«x 1
I ' SS^am-A-'-deii^ £ ™^->™°'^ |
FMtmnV, Y!nl-t CMA fWn ISo different styles of the latest designs of Ladies' Imported Genuine Battenberg Lace Curtains-Very elsgant linen work, Candles- Good "¦"onei*""lO- Lemon "SodaTSarMp^rilla J
i FS^Cx^^wit^^^^^"^ ¦".::::.#O3 . LaceLisleHose/perpair • SOo per pair ...:.. . ;.........S9.OU ounC e, do«n 13c or Ginger Ale, doMB-SLOO 5
* Wrhrht'sp'iaS 25c Exl, a la W simper pair • \ 750 Tapestry Port eres- Closely woven, quality, des.gns and color- S_rdi.-e*- Imported, put up Fernet Branca from Italy, X
$ StonExtS-AtJu^ • Chidren's Hoso-Lhh thread, lxl, ribbed, fast ings unexcelled _ pei : pair $500 in ROod oil> { h ;....| O c quart b0tt1e......... .-sr.2i
I 200 black, double kaee 3 . spliced heck and toes, sizas sto 10 Dlmng Table OovorsTwo yards square and an Navel Oranges -Rose Brand, Scotch Whiskey- Dawson'3 S
I ctEKa Vioi!rwater-True and ! mch ' P air "' ' ' ~" ' ~~ 2S * attr " tive neW Hne ' •«*-•*•«»* * 3'OU3 ' 0U and *+'** dozen 25c Perfection, bottle $...5 f
V siza, 502' 2 cz. size ......250 Seccnd Section— Left of Entrance. ¦ ' First floor— back of elevator. Main Floor— "Rear. . J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
DANGER OF A
TARIFF WAR
would Follow Passage
of Meat Bill.
EMBASSADORWHITE'SOPINION
?
ARMY ABUSES DISCUSSED IN
THE REICHSTAG.
?oraer Friends of the Boers in Ber
lin Are Gradually Drifting Over
to the Side of the
English.
Copyrighted, 1300, by tho Associated Press
BERLIN. Feb. 24.— The rereipt of news
from Washington intimating the cessa
tion of the commercial negotiations with
Germany has created a sensation here.
Andrew D. White, the United States Em-
Lassador. said to the correspondent of the
Associated Press:
"i interpret the reported "Washington
action as due to the most recent shape
of the meat inspection bill. If the bill
us adopted in its present shape, it will
cause a. bitter tariff war between the
United States and Germany, in which
I believe the latter will get. the
worst of it. The United States
could cause the greatest trouble
by opening every bottle of German wine
and investigating every stocking, etc. Of
course it would be a mere pretext, but it
would be no worse than they have done
•with our meat, which the world recog
nizes as excellent. The German Govern
ment officials already express satisfaction
with the American inspection and we
have never objected to another stringent
inspection here, if it is done {or sanitary
reasons, and not as a hindrance to trade.
I understand the German Government is
opposed to the present form of the bill."
Xo News of a Hitch.
The correspondent understood from a
member of the embassy that the Foreign
Office did not know the actual status of
the, negotiations in Washington and asked
the embassy a few days since for infor
mation on the subject. A responsible For
eign Office official said to the correspond
ent to-day: "I have no information re-
Eardir.c a hitch in the proceedings in
V ashington. but don't attach importance
to the latest news. The negotiations will
proceed in a conciliatory spirit, as here
tofore. Germany recognizes that some of
the United States agricultural products
are necessary for Germany, like cotton
and others. The American Government
at the commencement of the negotiations
was in favor of secrecy till dennite re
sults were reached. That was the only
reason for preserving silence here."
The Reichstag this week was engrossed
with army aliairs, Herr Bebel, me so
cialist leader, and a few others uncover*
ing a number of abuses which had hith
erto remained in the dark. The War Min
ister. General yon Gossler, replied length
ny and succeeded in explaining satisiac
turiiy most of the cases, though a few
o: trie worst remain. General yon Gossler
even had the courage to defend thfm,
tnough not a single party in tne Reicn
fc.ag sided with nim.
Debate on Army Duels.
Yon Gossler rather defended the army
duei ?fc an institution hallowed by tradi
tions and with ail its shortcomings the
best system to extend and preserve esprit
u« corpse and the high standard of per
sona i honor in the army. He showed that
the number of dueis was steadily dimin
ishing and that th* same Is the case in
the numtK-r of soldiers committing sui
ciae because of cruel trtatment. A num
bei of center speakers strongly pro
nounctd themselves against duelling, Herr
Uestach putting a large part of the blame
upon the Emperor because the latter usu
ally pardons duellists who are sentenced
to short terms in a fortress for killing an
adversary often under peculiarly atro
cious circumstances, to seversfl of which
Herr Deshacn referred. While this de
bate succeeded in showing a reduction
the percentage of such abuses the general
impression nevertheless was that that the
army as a whole is in an enviable condi
tion," the officers being animated by the
best spirit. Nobody even hinted at corrup
tion end nobody showed evidence of favor
itism.
Sentiment Changing.
The German pre^s is now convinced that
the British have really defeated General
Cronje and that the latter's position is
desperate. Sympathies here remain on the
Boer side. Even Herr Eugene Richter,
the Radical leader, in an editorial speaks
admiringly of General Cronje's gallant re
sistance against a four-fold force. The
Nueste Nachrichten and many other pa
pers scold the British generals for the
;ack of chivalry shown to the enemy. It
is quite plain, however, that the current
<f German feeling is gradually butsteadiiy
changing in favor of Great Britain. The
fremi-ofticial press is exerting: itself to that
*-nd. and even the Kreuz Zeitung, the
iirmv and court organ, which until re
cently was Anglophot>e. now strongly
points out that it is to Germany's interest
to remain friendly with Great Britain.
The paper enumerates the reason why it
is impossible for the Germans to love the
British as a nation, especially after th<»ir
inimical neutrality in IM"4, 1866 and IS7U,
and the "consistent enmity" the British
Ijave shown Germany's colonial policy
and the rising German commerce. The
paper then says:
"Notwithstandlns; this. England's down
fall would m^an .a distinct disadvantage
to Germany in every part of the globe.
Therefore it is no part of German patriot
ism to uphold the cause of England's ene
mies."
Dr. Leydp. the diplomatic agent of the
Transvaal, writes from Brussels that he
will be unable to come to Berlin in the
middle of March. a« he had promised,
•"because the prseent turn of the war" en
grosses him.
The German financial press points out
that the Russian loan to Persia liberates
the province of Farsisten. whose harbor
revenues have hitherto been pledged to
Great Erltain.
Kaiser's New Play.
Th*> Empf-ror has summoned Captain
l^auffen to witness the first performance
of the- "Iron Tooth" <Eisen Sahn) Tuesday
at th«» Royal Theater here, of which his
Majesty Is a collaborator. The perform
ance 1r looked forward to with deep in
ie.rest. the Emperor having Insisted on
novel scenic costuming and a number of
improvements.
The highest Prussian court has decide
that the American title of doctor cannot
l.p used In Prussia without a special per
mit from the Go\-ernment.
Mm*. Et*!ka G?rster during the week
pave a musicale h<r*> at which Mrs. Wood
of Salt Lake and Miss Koellingr of Chicago
eang.
17
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.The Fastest Train Across ths Ccn-
'tinent.
The California Limited. Santa F» Ronte.
Connecting trains leave at S p. m. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any Una to
the East. Ticket office. 623 Market itr*st.
"Gold Was King in '49 1 1"
"Oil Is King in 190OI!"
Many fortunes are made in oil. A few shares
of stock of the Railway Men's OH Company
purchased now will make you rich. A *»f« in-
vestment. Will pay a dividend of 4 per cent
on the Investment March 13. Shares now 50
rents each, worth $1 after March 13. Strongest
company on the coast. Prospectus sent on ap-
plication. Railway Men's Oil Company, 2U
Douglas building. Los Angeles. ? •
Kierce to Preside at a Lecture.
F. J, Klerce. tha suprema president ©$
tha Young Men's Institute, has been
chosen to presida on the occasion of tha
lecture to b© delivered, to-morrow even
ing at the Metropolitan Temple by Rev.
Henry H. Wyman. Tha usual musical
programme will precede the lecture, the.
title of which will be "Tha Harmony Be
tween Natural and Revealed Truth."
If for no other reason, the giant Sequoias of Cala
veras should be saved to stand as monuments to at
test to future generations that the people now living
in California have at least enough appreciation
for a venerable, world-wonder tree to value it at more
than its worth in shakes and shingles.
BLUE CLOTH DRESS,
The Indoor dress represented can bo
made either of pastel blue or drab cloth.
The corsage opens over a front of yallow
guipure, and the upper side of the sleeves
is of the same.
The skirt has pleats over the hips, and
Is very full around the bottom. It is in
dented at the bottom of the apron, with
a piece of guipure showing beneath the
Indentations. The collar and waistband
are of velvet to match the cloth.
MISS OSTERMAN IN
A CLEVER SKETCH
THE few Indifferent acts that have
visited the Orpheum lately were
given short shrift by the manage
ment and the current bill is the bet
ter for the weeding.
Vaudeville has a decidedly ornamental
recruit in Kathryn Osterman, who ap
pears in a comedy sketch entitled "The
Editor," with a long, young man of a
peculiarly comedy sketch kind of clever
ness. His name is Thomas Tuther.
The motive of the sketch is to the fol
lowing effect: A youth who takes to him
self certain aspersions that are cast by a
newspaper upon the moral integrity of
an unnamed club man, provides himself
with pistols, boxing gloves and a rawhide
and starts out to thrash the editor. He
finds a lady in the sanctum, who takes
him for an expected cousin, and the com
plications that arise while she Is finding
out her mistake and he Is discovering
that she is the editor, whom he has
threatened either to shoot, slug, horse
whip or kick into repentance, are amus
ing in themselves and made more so by
Miss Osterman and t'other.
The sketch, however, Is more of wit
than action, and really gives Miss Oster
man no opportunity to do more than act
with a certain facility, Intelligence and a
sense of humor. She makes so much of
so little, however, that it would not sur
prise me to find her developing an artis
tic atmosphere of her own in some other
part. She does not laugh prettily.
Miss Osterman's act brfngs to an end
one of the best olios ever presented at
the Orpheum. De Witt and Burns supply
the acrobatic item and do stunts that
are not only original and grotesquely
comic but technically difficult. The ease
with which one of these agile fellows
promenades on his hands is amazing; he
makes it look so very simple, however,
that he gets less applause for it than
when he turns a twister. Technique lr.
athletics Is as little appreciated by the
average spectator as technique in music
is by the average auditor. A giant
swing and a high note will get an encore
every time when feats that call for much
greater skill are passed over in silence.
Fanny Fields is the other third of the
olio, and she is in a class by herself. She
dancea emphatically, sings humorously
and does what is still more difficult (for
a woman), monologizes cleverly. All this
with a German accent, even the dancing.
The rest of the programme Is standard.
PORTER GARNETT.
THE REV. B. FAY MILLS
ACCUSED OF QUIBBLING
Tlsa Call does not hold itself responsible t-t
the opinions published la this column, bus
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
Sir: Last Monday's Call credits you
giving an "able address," opening with the
words, "I have no fight with orthodoxy.'
This is mere Juggling with words, and i 9
an attempt to hide the fangs of the wolf
by assuming the quiescence of the she?p.
You say, "I deny for the I'nitariansi that
we deny the divinity of Christ; insteaci.
we affirm the divinity of all men." Mere
Juggling again. You have changed your
colors so recently that you have no right
whatever to pose as a guide, or to asi
any one to take your affirmation aa final
on any points. Chameleon like, you charge
your colors to suit your surroundings. JDut
I quote against you a Unitarian of stand
ing. Dr. Priestly, who used this language
to Rev. Dr. Miller of Princeton. N. J.: "1
do not wonder that you Calvinista enter
tain and express strongly unfavorablo
opinions of the Unitarians. The truth is.
there neither can be nor ought to be any
compromise between us. If you are rlpht.
WE ARE NOT CHRISTIANS AT ALL;
and if we are right, you are gross idol
ators." There it la in a nutshell. There
can be no compromise between Chris
tianity and Unitarianism. 2 Cor. vl:l":
"What concord hath Christ with Belinl.
or what part hath he that belleveth with
an Infidel?"
2 Cor. xl:14. 13: "For Satan himself is
transformed into an angel of light, there
fore it is no great thing if his ministers
also be transformed as ministers of right
eousness." "Led captive at his will." "U'a
affirm that all m«n are divine," says
Mills. Does it not occur to you a* a
strange kind of divinity that becomes a
"raving maniac." peoples Insane asylum*,
trailed by detectives, imprisoned by po
licemen, tried by Judge and Jury, puts
on the black cap and makes his exit from
the gallows? Having swung around tha
circle, you are now "fighting the air."
Unitarianism Is one of the most deadly of
Satan's pneumatic guns. The siege jrur.9
of Hume, the cannon of Volney, the pol
ished shafts of Voltaire and tha shrapnel
of Ingersoll were delivered from an open,
and avowed enemy, and are therefore not
to b« compared, as deadly weapons, with
the polished stiletto of the assassin, who
as he drives the barbed and sharpsned.
steel into the heart's center, the citadel of
truth, declares. "O orthodoxy. I am thy
friend: I have no fight with the«" Y"ura
for the truth. A. K. EXLEI.
San Francisco, Feb. 24. 1900.
"Have you ever run down a clew?"
asked the disgusted citizen.
"Run down a clew!" exclaimed the de-
tective; "well, I should think not. Clews
are my best friends. Why should I run
them down?"— Chicago Evening Post.
The Boise City postmaster who swelled to hie full
height of dignity and dismissed a second cousin of
Mark Hanna may be admired for his daring but
hardly for his judgment. There will probably be an
other vacancy in the postoffice of the town.
Incredible bat True.
Passengers on the Union Pacific "Overland
Limited" can leave San Francisco fourteen
hours later and arrive In Chicago nearly flva
hours earlier than by any other line. D. W.
Hitchcock. General Agent, 1 Montgomery
street, San Francisco.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-restlbu!ed Pullman tourist
sleeping; cars via Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to lools after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and "Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 62S Market street.
Mexico has given to the world another frightful
illustration of her progress toward civilization. Two
American engineers have been held criminally re
sponsible for two train wrecks. Mexican lawmakers
are e\'ider.tly not looking toward the United States.
It would be interesting to know by what course of
reasoning William F. Herrin believes, after his ex
perience of humiliating failure at Sacramento, that he
has a right to assume that he owns the Republican
St2te Central Committee by virtue of purchase.
The veracious correspondents say that the Clover
dale citrus fair was a beehive of men and women,
with exhibits of wine, art and other things. The
"other things" probably included the citrus exhibits.
The Daughters of the American Revolution greatly
fear that our manifest destiny to civilize the world is
likely to throttle an occasional cry for freedom. The
press censor at Manila must be neglecting his duties.
POSTAL MEN BANQUET.
Hon. W. Q. Edens Given an Elabo-
rate Entertainment.
A banquet In honor of Hon. W. G. Ed
ens, assistant general superintendent of
the free mall delivery system of this city,
and hla wife was given by the letter car
riers at a downtown restaurant on Friday
A. M. Cox, superintendent of mail car
riers, acted as toastmaster. and many ad
dresses were made. A band of music
served to liven the festivities. Among
those present were:
R. n. Munro, postoffice Inspector In charge,
and wife; A. M. Cox. superintendent of carriers.
San Francisco PostoffJce. and wife; D. S. Rich
ardson, general superintendent of San Fran
cisco Poetofflce. and wife; B. F. McKlnley as
sistant postmaster. San Franctnco: W. H.
Friend, postmaster. Oakland. Cal.; G. M.
Francis, postmaster. Xapa. Cal.. and wife; XV.
V. Pennyeook, postmaster. Vallejo, Cal.; T.
W. Ley-decker, postmaster, Alameda, Cal.. and
wife; E. A. O'Connor, cashier, San Francisco
Postoffice, and wife: F. D. Griffin, assistant
superintendent of carriers, San Francisco Post
office, and wife: H. L. Culver, superintendent
Station B. San Francisco, and daughter; XV. J.
Phillips, superintendent Station- E. San Fran
cisco, and wife: Asher Tyler, superintendent
Station F. Ban Francisco; Conrad Trleber; L.
B. Bolvin and wife; J. S. Sullivan: J. W.
Erwln. postofflc* Inspector, and wife; Miss
Caches; Miss Erwln.
Kepner Died of His "Wound.
Edgar A. Kepner. the barber who was
shot by his employe. Gilbert Adams, at U
O'Farrell street last Sunday afternoon,
died yesterday of his wound. A charge of
murder was placed against Adams.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— E. D. Baker
of San Francisco Is at the Arlington;
Thomas Filber of San Francisco Is at the
St. James; T. A. Hickey of San Fran
cisco Is In Washington, the guest of
Charles Otis of Los Angeles.
Townsend's, now opened at 639. Palacs. •
Ice cream at Townsemd'B. 733 Market St.*
Special Information supplied daily td
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping; Bureau (Allen's). 519 Mont*
Coxnery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Death From an Accident.
John Lane, aged 85. died last Friday
evening from what was thought by his
frlenda to be pneumonia, but which a post
mortem examination revealed to be a
fractured arm and Injuries to ths chest.
Lane was a laborer, who resided at 911
Illinois street, and worked In the Union
Iron Works. He was Injured In an acci
dent at the works a few days before- hta
death. The- body was taken to tha
Morgue.
CHEAP LIBRARY POSTAGE.
SOME time ago we directed attention to a
movement in the East having for its object the
enactment of a law providing for cheap postage
on books or pamphlets sent out by libraries for the
use of the reading public. The object is a good one,
and it is gratifying to note that a bill designed to at
tain it has been introduced by Senator Lodge and has
been favorably received.
According to reports from Washington the bill
provides for second class rates of postage on all books
or other printed matter passing to or from public
libraries maintained wholly or in part by taxation,
libraries belonging to educational institutions of all
grades, and society or social libraries enjoying ppurb r
lie privileges and maintained by "religious, literary,
professional, trade, industrial or library associations."
It will be seen the measure is sufficiently compre
hensive to grant the privilege of cheap postage on
books to every library of wide usefulness in the
country. If it be enacted it will largely benefit both
the libraries and the general public. By enabling
such institutions to circulate their books through the
mails, at a very little cost they can increase the num
ber of their patrons and the efficiency of their own
service. It will'be a great boon to readers who live
in small towns or in rural districts where there are
no public libraries, for it will give them almost as
excellent advantages in that respect as the residents
of cities.
There is of course an opposition to the measure.
It is well known the Government loses money on the
transportation of second class mail matter, and it is
argued that any increase in the amount of mail privi
lege to pass at second class rates would increase the
annual deficiency of the postoffice. The argument is
good, but there are better on the other side. In the
first place a very large proportion of the matter now
carried at second class rates should not be permitted
to remain in that class. It has been pointed out over
and over again that the privilege designed by Con
gress for the benefit of newspapers, magazines and
other legitimate periodicals has been taken advantage
of by advertising firms to. send circulars through the
PRINCE AND JESTERS
OF CARNIVAL BALL
Promise of Attractive Pageant and
Beautiful Interior Decorations
at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art.
The Mardl Gras procession at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art Tuesday evening
will be one of the most attractive
pageants ever formed by San Francisco
society. , The interior decorations of
the mansion, and notably those of the new
gallery and main hall, promise to render
the carnival event doubly enchanting.
Fifteen hundred palm branches, recently
received from Santa Barbara, enhance the
beauty of the seen*.
The demand for tickets of admission
and reserved places to view the spectacle
is active. All the boxes arranged for in
the original plan have been sold. It is
doubtful if other reservations can be
made. The house is large, however, henco
all the. spectators may be able to get a
fair view of the pageant.
Joseph D. Grant, president of the Art
Association, and . Kobert H. Fletcher,
curator of the Institute, have delegated
the responsibility of floor management to
Edward M. Greenway. After canvassing
several names Mr. Greenway appointed
an artist to represent Prince Carnival.
Half a dozen court Jesters may bo needed
to enliven the occasion with sallies of wit
and flashes of repartee. Frank Owen and
A. C. .Hellman nave consented to assist
the enterprise in this line of amusement.
For good and sufficient reasons Mr. G«een
way deems Its wise to maintain secrecy
concerning certain features of the pro
cession. He has resolved, however, to
make the court and the court scene 3 at
tractive. The fact that he Is holding la
reserve Borne of the contemplated attrac
tions should not Imply that society will be
stunned by innovations. The assurance
given that lines of propriety are not to be
crossed will be respected. The floor man
ager perceives that the ¦ patrons of the
carnival will not be satisfied with a mero
procession of dominoes and will therefore
offer something apart from the ordinary
fashion.
The names of nearly five hundred ladies
and gentlemen to whom tickets of admis
sion have been issued are registered in
the book at the office of the Institute. A
good representation of army and navy
people is noted.
THE FINANCE BILL.
THE conference of the House and Senate has
agreed upon a finance measure, which is prac
tically the House bill, with the exception of the
bimetallic section. That section' reads: "That the
provisions of this act are not intended to preclude the
accomplishment of international bimetallism when
ever conditions shall make it expedient and prac
ticable to secure the same by concurrent action of the
leading commercial nations of the world, and at a
ratio which shall insure permanence of relative value
between gold and silver."
The body of the act is so wise and timely and so
fully responds to the sound money sentiment of the
country, as far as it goes, that this section, unwise as
it is, will but little hamper the satisfaction that will be
felt that a settlement of the whole problem is so
nearly completed.
The contention of this country for international
bimetallism has never met with a hospitable response
abroad, and there is no prospect that it ever will. Nor
is there any fact in scientific finance that affirms the
utility or desirability -of such a system, if its institu
tion were possible. There is no evidence that any
agreement, no matter how general, nor between any
number of nations, can maintain parity between two
such forms of personal property, as gold and silver.
Their value is in their utility as determined by human
desire, which is the sole origin of all value.
However, this small fly in the measure will not ob
scure its other merits. It establishes the. gold stan
dard, the payment in that standard of all national ob
ligations, and plants thereon the credit of the republic.
It provides for cutting the endless chain, anti makes
less possible the depletion of the treasury stock of
gold by the sinister use of the greenbacks in redemp
tion, and it safeguards a gold reserve of $150,000,000,
establishing in law that reserve, which has heretofore
existed in a custom of the treasury. The national
bank issues are permitted to equalthe par value of
the funds deposited to secure them. In other respects
the national banking system is properly left to be the
subject of future legislation, which the sound, money
organizations of the country have in prospect and
preparation.
The returns from the Philippines of late have been
mostly dead bodies of heroes, and it is to be noted
that they were killed, not by Aguinaldo, but by the
climate. We may run Aguinaldo out, but the climate
will stay with us, and its deadly work will go on as
long as we are foolish enough to send brave men
there to die.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. A. Grady of Chicago, a railroad man,
Is at the Lick.
A. G. Cunningham, a mining man of
Dawson, Is at the Palace.
Mrs. Dr. H. L. Henderson Is registered
at the California from Astoria, Or.
Frank H. Smith, a well-known merchant
of Stockton, is a guest at the Grand.
J. H. Salober. a wealthy mine owner, Is
registered at the Grand from Portland,
Or.
T. J. Field, banker and capitalist. Is at
the Palace, where he arrived yesterday
from his home in Monterey.
A party of Raymond excursionists, con
sisting of 115 people, arrived at the Palace
yesterday. They are gathered from many
points in the East.
L. XV. W'llcox Is at the Lick, where he
arrived yesterday from Sacramento. Mr.
"Wllcox is connected with the manage
ment of the Golden Eagle Hotel.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. Mc-
Cormlck of the Southern Pacific Company
leaves for the East this evening. He goes
to attend the final meeting of the exe
cutive officers of the different Western
roads which will take place In New York
on March 7. : - - \],
CRONJE AT BAY.
RARELY in the annals of war has there c"ver been
a feat of arms so brilliant, and never has there
been one more courageous or more heroic,
than that which the world is now watching as Cronje
with his little band of Boers stands at bay and holds
back the advance of a British army led by the ablest
generals of the empire and flushed with an almost
certain hope of final victory, «
The three Romans of the brave days of old who
upon a bridge across the Tiber held back a host of
fees until their countrymen hewed down the supports
of the bridge behind them did not accomplish a
greater marvel of personal bravery and devotion than
that which is now being achieved by the patriots of
South Africa. Neither was the Spartan stand at
Thermopylae more brilliant in its daring or more use
ful to the cause in which the sacrifice was made. It is
not no A" as it was in those days, a hand to hand con
test with swords and battle-axes, but the courage re
quired to meet an overwhelming foe face to face in
the old times was not greater than that which uphok'i
the Boers in maintaining the ground the enemy is
sweeping with the most destructive fire that modern
engir.es of war can pour forth.
A week has passed since Cronje, after a night march
which was itself one of the military marvels of the
time, found himself so pressed by his foes that fur
ther retreat was impossible. Since last Sunday h*
has held his position, and, despite the heavy odds
against him, he has not been shaken in it. His foes
outnumber him five to one, and the ardent Roberts
snd the forceful Kitchener urge them on, but at
every successive charge he beats them back, and then
waits with undiminished fortitude under the bom
bardment of artillery for another attack to come.
The defense is not one of desperation merely. The
heroic Boer is not fighting blindly through a mere
hist of battle and a stubborn resolve to die rather
than to surrender. Every day of delay in the advance
of the British is an immense gain to the cause of the
Afrikanders. It gives an opportunity for the artillery
of their army to be carried to a place of safety and
for reinforcements to hasten from all quarters to the
defense of Orange Free State. In its strategic effect,
therefore, the action of Cronje is much the same as
that of Horatius and his two companions in holding
the bridge at Rome. It checks the onrushing victors
and gives time for the scattered forces of the Boers
to rally and save the campaign.
Out of even' war for liberty there comes some illus
trious deed which serves for all future ages as an in
spiration to patriots. In this war there may be many
such deeds, but it is not likely that any will ever sur
pass this in the magnitude of forces engaged, the emi
nence of the generals in command, or in the impor
tance of its issues. Every feature of the situation
tends to thrill the minds of those who have followed
the news of the unequal straggle day after day.
Cronje has, in fact, already achieved a true victory.
He may be eventually crushed and captured, if not
killed, but his long fight has given his countrymen
cne more chance. Whatever may come hereafter, on
his brow the laurels of honor will not fade, nor will
his deed be forgotten while patriotism and military
valor are esteemed among men.
NO TACIT CONSENT.
ATTORNEY DORN'S statement to the Police
Committee of the Board of .Supervisors that
the silence of the press on the subject of the
proposed reopening of racetrack gambling at Ingle
side gives a tacit consent to the project serves the
public as a timely warning of the danger and recalls
them to action. It is safe to say from this time forth
there will be no lack of protests against the iniquity.
Neither the press, the pulpit, the civic organizations
nor the general mass of citizens will permit it to be
said that while the gamblers pushed forward their
scheme they stood by in silence and thus gave a tacit
consent to it.
The Police Committee has instructed Attorney
Dorn to prepare such an ordinance as he desires for
his clients and submit it for consideration at the next
meeting of the committee. Attorney Drum, who
champions the cause of the proprietors of poolrooms,
was at the same time requested to prepare such an
ordinance as his clients desire. Thus the gamblers
are to have the initiative in preparing legislation for
the city. The Police Committee has given it to
them, and we shall see what they will do with it. In
the meantime the people will make ready to deal with
the results of it as they deserve.
That any considerable number of respectable per
sons in San Francisco should be willing to grant a
new license for the racetrack gamblers is not credible.
The experience of the past has been a sufficient warn
ing. The enticements of the gamblers lured men and
boys and women to ruin. While the gamblers them
selves live at the best hotels, drink the finest of wines
and wear rich garments, the victims of their allure
ments are some of them fugitives from the law, some
are in dire poverty and some are in the grave, for
murder and suicide were a part of the effects of the
racetrack curse.
There is hardly any class of society that was not
more or less affected by the open gambling at the
track or the downtown poolrooms. The blight was
far-reaching. Confidential clerks in high positions
were led to embezzlement, city officials defaulted in
the trust imposed in them, women of good families
gambled away the earnings of their husbands, and
youths who were but little more than boys were
tempted to petty thefts by the gamblers who, driven
cut of Eastern cities, had come to California to carry
on their nefarious trade.
It is in the light of that past experience we con
front the issue a second time. Ample evidence is af
forded that the public is already aroused to renew the
fight for morality and the public welfare, and Attor
ney Dorn will never again have the assurance to de
clare to the Supervisors that the silence of the press
has given the consent of the public to the gambling
scheme.
In the current number of the Forum Senator
Marion Butler advances many facts to prove that the
Populist party is still alive, and had he taken note of
the force with which some of them in Nebraska are
protesting against the way the Bryanites treated them
he could have added evidence that they are still kick
ing.
mails under the pretense that they are newspapers;
and the publishers of cheap novels send thousands of
their comparatively worthless books through the
mails at second class rates 'under the disguise of a
"monthly library." Were these and other abuses
stopped the Government could well afford to extend
to the libraries of the country the privilege now
sought for.
The people of the United States constitute the
greatest reading public in the world. Our cultured
classes are not confined to cities and towns of suffi
cient sUe to maintain a library of high rank. Thou
sands who live in sparsely settled communities are
as eager to read as arc those who live in the centers
of population. That much has been abundantly
proven by the success which has attended the system
of traveling libraries wherever it has been adopted.
It is nothing more than right that the Government
should co-operate with the libraries in furnishing
books to supply the needs of that class of the popu
lation. The bill of Senator Lodge is a move in the
right direction and merits the support of all who have
a due regard for public welfare.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
Commercial Baseball.
A game of baseball will be played on
this afternoon at 2 o'clock, at Eighth
and Harrison streets; between the Koe
nigs and the Golden Gates. It will be for
a $100 purse. The following will be tha
line-up:
Koenlffs. * Position. Golden Gates.
Perrlne Pitcher Bulger
Eager Catcher ....Shea
Faro* .....First base Nealon
Collins Second base Welch
D. Bodle .Third base Carroll
W. Brockhoff .....Shortstop W. Kelley
A. Brockhoff .....Left field.. ....Barry
Htldebrandt ..Center field Beatton
McGee Right field Walters
IS THE PARTY BUCKED AND
GAGGED?
THE committee consisting of Republican mem
bers of Congress, which is especially charged
with watchfulness of the Congressional dis
tricts, and of the party nominations therein, mindful
of the mighty interests at stake in the campaign, has
very properly announced its desire for early nomi
nations in all the Congressional districts. The can
didate for Congress in each district becomes at once
the party leader and champion therein. When he is
chosen the plan of campaign appears and the ener
gies of the organization are at once in action and or
ganized for the direction of issues and the education
of the people.
This most proper policy and action of the Con
gressional committee make highly necessary imme
diate action by party authority throughout the Union.
Especially is this the case in California. .All public
men in this State are aware of the peculiar nature of
its politics, which inheres in the independent spirit
of our people. They swing away from repellent per
sonal forces in either party and administer, with a
hard fist, rebukes to bossism and personal dictation.
This being true, now is the time of times when the
Republican party of California should refuse to be
bucked and gagged by its merely ministerial represen
tative, the State Committee. It is believed that
Colonel Burns proposes to exploit his boss control of
party affairs by holding the State Committee subject
to his will, his movements and his personal whim and
convenience. The month of March is upon us. The
boss is said to have locked up the State Committee
and has carried the key in his pocket to Mexico, with
directions that no one shall break the lock and re
lease the energies of the party until his return!
Therefore Republicans are expected to stew in their
own juice until such time as the boss shall dictate.
If such action were freely decided on, as the deliber
ate act of the majority of the committee, it would be
a serious tactical mistake. But when there is ap
parent no recorded judgment of the committee to
that effect, when it has not met and voted upon sus
pension or release of the party activities, the decision
being that of a mere dictatorial boss, the action pro
jects its offensive and disastrous effect into the com
ing campaign to inflame a resentment that will wreak
itself in the ballot box, if it have no other means of
expression.
Republicans who value their party are longing with
especial anxiety for its success in California this year.
Look where you will in the other States and there is a
condition of activity. Organization is being, pushed,
the captains of tens and the captains of hundreds are
rallying their forces, and vitality vibrates throughout
the party. Here it is said, to the humiliation of Re
publican voters, that the party has gone to Mexico
and may return in April and tell them what to do!
It is an insufferable and an intolerable condition.
The State Committee should at once mobilize the
forces of the party. It should project activity and in
fuse life into every Congressional district. Its
purely ministerial functions should be at otice as
sumed, not to intrigue for the nomination of its fa
vorites, but to equip the party for the election of
candidates freely chosen by the people. The election
of Senator Bard elevated the self-respect and height
ened the pride of Republicans throughout the State.
It forced praise from the opposition. It had in it the
trumpet call to action and the impulse and thrill. of
victory. It should be followed up, immediately, by
the setting of every squadron in the field The min
isterial representative of the party, its State Com
mittee, must not take on the appearance of sulking
in its tent. It must not appear to be disgruntled be
cause it nominated a Senatorial candidate that was
rejected by the party. Its hand has no business to
appear at all in the interest of any candidate. Its duty
is simply to furnish the facilities and opportunity of
action by the party. The present position of this"
ministerial agent of the party is not in line with party
interest and success if it be true that it has retired to
its pillow to sleep until it is roused by a boss.
We call upon all Republicans who desire success,
who believe that public and party interests are inter
locked, to call on the committee for action, for organ
ization, for activity in line with the expectations of
the Congressional committee, and tending to that
victory which is more essential now than ever before
since the Republican sentiment of the Union was or
ganized for a great purpose and equipped for the
mighty deeds which have made the history of the
country the history of the party for the last forty
four years."
SUNDAY FEBRUARY 25, 190 a
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKS. Manager.
I'CBLICATIOX 01-KlCR.. Market and Third. S. P.
Telephone Slain ibWs.
LDITOIIIAL R00M5.... 217 to 221 gterenion St.
Tclephoae Slala 1874.
Delivered »>r Carrier*. IS Cento Per Week.
Single Copies. S Cent*.
Trrmi br Mall. Inolmllne Poatniret
r>AII,V CAM, (iDrlDdlns !-»nil«.|, one >r«r. .fn.Oft
DAILY CALL. (ißcladlntr Saadtf), tt month*. . ."l.on
DAILY CALL. Unclndluc Sunday). 3 months.. J.r.o
DALLY CALL— My Mng/Ie Month «W«
M \DAV CALL One Year l.no
MKUKU' CALL One Year l.iw
All postmasters are anthortced to receive
• obirriplloni.
Sample copies will be (orirarded nktn reqaested
OAI£LAAX> OFKICE 111S Brostdrray
C. GCORGR Klioons),
Uimtrr Foreign Advertising-. Marunette Build
ing:. Chlcaco. >
KEW YORK COKKKSPOXDEVT*
C C CABLTOA Herald Sooare
CHICAGO 3NKWS STASDSs
Sherman Iloasei P. O. Xews Co.i Great North
ern llotelt Kremont Houses Andliorlnm Hotel.
KEW YORIC XEW9 STANDS I
Waldorf-Astoria Hotels A. Breatano, 31 Talon
Squares Murray 11111 Hotel.
OT£W YORK KEFKKSE.VTATIVKi
PEnnY LIKENS JR 20 Tribune llnlldlnff
WASHINGTON <r». C> OFFlCE.. Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
———
BBAJTCQ OFFICES— O27 -Monipomrry, corner of
Clay, open until J»«3O o'clock. SOO Hayes.
«pen nntll 0:30 o'clock. 6£'J McAllister, open
vntll Oj3«» o'clock. Gl5 Larkln. open until
M:3O o'clock. 1041 Mission, open rntll 1U
o'clock. 2261 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 o'clock. IoIHJ Valencia, opes until 9
o'clock, lou Eleventh, open until O o'clock.
AW. corner Trrenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 0 o'clock. I
AMUSEMENTS.
TlTcll— "Tbe I£ol's Eye."* j i .1 J r : £ .
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "Aladdin Jr."
Grand Opera-tease — Symphony Concert Thur»4ay After-
noon. March 1.
California— "The S!!enc« ef Dean Maitland.**
Alhambra— Jeftr:es-£harkey Contest I'lcturea.
Alcazar— "The Prodiral Father."
Columbia— "The Old Homestead" to-morrow nlsbL
Cbuum. Zoo ar.d 'i Lc-ater— Vaudevllla every attemoon and
•venioc.
Olymp!s, corner of Masoa and Eddy streets— Spedaltlem.
Union Courfirt Park — Coursing to-tfay.
Ingrleside Courstns Park — Coursing to-day.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained, Animal Show, Saturday,
ai&rch a.
Oakland Racetrack— Rare* to-mcrrow.
i CONGRESS— THERE! I RECKON THAT WILL KEEP THE OLD BOY FROM DOING MISCHIEF.?
4 . ?, ,j . ;,;;. . . . . .i ¦ ,•-,, •-, St. Paul Pioneer Press*, £
18
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.• ...
teT PITf TPIC RF!Xi3al
At Half=Price!
I guarantee these Belts to be the gen-
uine Sanden Electric Belts, made by Dr.
A. T. Sanden under his latest U. S.
patents. These are the Belts with a 30-
years' reputation as the greatest medi-
cal remedy in the world for all pains and
weakness of man and woman. I now
offer them at HALF-PRICE.
If you cannot call write for book,
"Three Classes of Men." Sent Free.
DR. S. ¥. HALL,
LION DBUC CO..
Cor. Market and Stockton Sta., San Francisco
Sa H 3 hT R m mm fid fflftt m
ISttiHjjSisJMi^AM^^Jß^^n
Best Flour, any brand you wish, 50-lb sack... 9oc
Fine creamery Butter. 40c per square; i
squares for 75c
New Ea stern Cheese, 2 lbs for 25c
Imported Sardines, 3 cans for 21c
Cove Oyt-ters. 3 cans for 25c
10 lbs of French Prunes 25c
Golden Dates, per lb 10c
Crystallized Citron, per lb 12c
10 packs of Babbitt's Powder 25c
Best Cornmeal. 10-lb sack 20c
Finest uncolored Oolong, English Breakfast
or Japan Tea. per lb <0c
3-lb can of Pork and Beans, best brand luc
1 can of choice Tomatoes 06c
13 lbs of good Rice soc
10 lbs of Rolled Wheat Me
One 7-lb pall of Jelly £*>
LIQUOR
SPECIALS.
Best O P. S. Whisky, 8 years old. bottled
expressly for O'Connor Broa., per bottle,
75c; per gallon $2.50
Best Old Crow Whisky, 8 years old, bottled
expressly for family use, per bottle, "sc;
ptr gallon ••••"¦ •••• 2.50
Good Old Bourbon Whisky, 6 year* old, per
Fine 6-year-old Port or Sherry Wine, per
gallon. »0c; per bottle 25
122-124 NINTH STREET.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 834
JtEMEATBER THE STOItE.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. _
COURT NOTES.
John Bell, clerk In the Central lodging
house, who embezzled his employer's
money and spent it in poolrooms, was yes
terday sent to the County Jail for fifteen
days by Judga Cabaniss.
The charge of assault with a deadly
weapon against Luiz Nunez, proprietor of
a clothing store on Jackson street, pre
ferred by "W. A. Furtado, a barber, waa
dismissed by Judge Conlan yesterday, as
it was shown that Furtado was the ag-
Owing to the illness of Attorney Reddy
the decision of Judge Conlan in the ca9«
of Thomas H. Dillon, charged with the
murder of Charles Joyce, was reserved till
to-morrow.
C. M. Shaw, charged with assault with
a deadly weapon upon Nellie Birch in a
lodging-house on Third street, by attempt
ing to stab her with a knife, was sen
tenced to three months in the County Jail
by Judge Mogan yesterday, the charge
being reduced to simple assault.
Augusta Courvoisier has applied for a
divorce from John Courvoisier on the
ground of failure to provide..
Mrs. Louisa Rlchter. widow of the late
Captain Relnhold Ricnter, who was killed
in battle near Manila. August 4, 1533. has
petitioned the Superior Court for letters
of administration upon the estate of the
deceased. The estate consists of a claim
against the Government for $500.
The fight for the Wickersham millions
was renewed yesterday when Frank P.
Wickersham filed a contest to the will of
his deceased mother. When 1., G. Wick
ersham. contestant's father, died hla will
was contested by Frank P.. and a com
nromlse was effected. In Mrs. Wicker
sham's will he was cut off with $50. and
he now contests the testament on the
ground that it was executed by his
mother through the undue influence of
other heirs. .
A sale like this only takes place once in a lifetime, whera every
article is first class, fresh and desirable.
Ila rare, "where everything In the store Is sold at a big re-
duction from manufacturer's or producer's prices.
— — - — ¦ I Where $80,000 of fresh stock must be turned Into money In
; SALE LIKE THIS [ a few days -without regard to cost or value.
¦ comprising all kinds of goods used or worn by all kinds of
I cm rr I IVC THR I people, at all times and in every place and way. Corse,
I Where efficient and agreeable help Is ready to serve you or
1 answer questions without any "short turns" or mlsrepre-
sentatlon.
ONL^A FEW ARTICLES CAN BE QUOTED.
trr^j. High-grade Green Coffee 12%0
He box ol Marbles High-grade Roast Coffee 100
\jej-'<* EalbriKcan Vests. Bummer welgbt.l2%o Maine Sweet Corn, per dozen l>sc
i>e~. rs .KULrr.t,»*<uj —, Fancy now crop Almonds lie
Irrrcrtal Needles, per paper * c Large bottles Eastern Catsup.... lie
t-'neb PMlow L«ce good quality 3c g graila il bottles Eastern Catsup.. ..7c
fc-.ncn i-.jiow ±j^- .«, y Celebrated hard water Soap, box 7Oc
Children's EMe Elastics, white, pair *c Kxtn. Kitchen Band Soap, box 500
7/a'lrs' RiSe Klastica. witn belt, pair »c condensed Milk, well-known brand ~...740
_ i, ....„, 2Oc Fancy Cherrystone Oysters lfo
Corset Covers. 60c kind •• -• 1000 p^,,,^ imported Citron 7o
Ivies' Wool Shirt Waists, home-made.. fi.iw Uowney's celebrated Bonbons 42c
t *, • „* n<^n' Pelt Hats ZSc French Mixed Bonbons 15c
I^il«s aad Girls Fe.t »axs Christmas Strings, per box 5c
Ivies' nibbed Wool Underwear »c ana »j. 1(> p^n^s Extra Eastern Buckwheat 25c
*** Ribbed Woo! Cc^blnaUcn 8«1t......Jl J^^gJ-g^g^^,^!:'-!?-
l/fe«ties' JI.SO Flar.ne! "Wrapper* "» c Genuine Fidelity Bluing, box ttc
La«er M.3 Tenni. Gown. ** r^^^^
1 Mrs. Potts sad irons, set 950
THIRD FLOOR- ¦ jJ<a^ _m jrn mt CTKrlll PM SsY .111. <3
Economy Bat«. Z.2^r. kind Oc |j&^^* mL^B ¦ S^k.^
:i-!r.rh <*hamo> Skisf 4Oc wj§»k Bhß| &t| fif 'fIJB Wft^ '
t1.25 Cepe Nome Straps c » H ¦Ea (| 13 H %"j&
Gor.Ts 1 Dress Gloves, fur tops <J 3c S B.JH_ ffl H¦¦
ImpcKlbls to r.arr.e or.c article la a thousand 0* f% GSB " f\ Q HT(
cf ClctMnr. Gents' .Furnishing Goofls, Hat«. r«v9 SB <b3F I'^JFl^Kb
Caps, Eue^enflers, Boots and Bhee*. Neither original reliable and largest mall order
can we mention things In the fcous« furnishing noufe .
!T££S£ ""* toilr "* MW bel °* M at 1 25-27 Market St., near the Ferry.
WANT CONTRACTS INTACT.
Builders' Association Declares Agfinst
the Segregation, of Work.
The Builders' Association of California
has addressed a communication to the
architects throughout the State declaring
against "the evil effects of the segrega
tion of contracts." In part it is as follows:
Segregation of contracts undoubtedly
ia an evil that not only prolongs build
ing operations but makes them more
costly than under a single contractor's
supervision. To allow segregation to go
beyond the limit we have permitted in
the last few years means simply that
we in time will be aaked to furnish
labor and labor alone on your build
ings The demoralisation that • will
surely follow such conditions in the
building business is undoubtedly ap
parent to us all; and though we do not
choose to say we will or will not do
certain thinga. we desire to call your
attention and solicit your considera
tion to possibilities that we believe in
your power to avert. We do this In
view of notices which have been sent
you by master plasterers and concrete
men desiring that their manifestos
may neither discredit us nor coerce
you. In conclusion, we wish to say
that we stand now better prepared
than in the past to enter into and
carry out our contracts as a whole.
The sale still on — we haven't
begun to exhaust our low
prices. New lot this week.
i^^H iEmRroiPARTINT,;
25c- now 15c Silver-Plated Chain Purses „•*•*
c ^ r o e n ioc s To e w2w 2 " 88 ' to flt ov £ !Effi B as^^^M;fii
glass, were 10c. now uo stiver-plated Purse Chains
Fancy decorated lacquered Crumb Tray Rhinestone Back Combs
and Brush; were 25c; now 100 25c, Eoc and .73
"The Hendnty" brass Birdcage; size Rhinestone Full Pompadour Combs __
6x9; reduced to 7So ............... ........2oc. aOo and ..o
-The Hendryx" painted Birdcage; size B *" BucWes . double £ lu &".-Aa> 100
6>sxlO; reduced to 000 g-day'iron ' Mantel Clock: porce-
lain lnlal'l dial, cathedral gong,
Tflll CT QnADQ half-hour strilce ?5.00
I U ILL I OUAIOi C-day larse Mantel Clock, with
• ornament on top >*5.50
Jergen's White Rose perfumed Toilet Smallest size American lady's
Soap, hard milled; 6 cakes for -.~.0 Watch, gold filled case, war-
_ , , ranted 10 years ?7.<>O
Jergen's Regal Soap, In oatmeal, glycer- Same, In solid gold case $U.l>s
lne and honey, i-oz. cakes; 3 cakes Our Mechanics Watch, with
for --*c chain I>3
Closing cut the following brands: Sweet A much better one. stem wind
Cream Glycerine, Tropical Flowers. and atem set 91-iI."
Orpheus; were 25c; now. box of 3 Sterling Silver Scarfpins «W»
cakes 15c Sterling Silver Bracelets .50
HAVILAND CHINA SALE.
We have about J3COO worth of Havtland & Co.'s best ware, all In the Richelieu
pattern, plain white, which we are going to close out at half former price.
B>4-'nch Dinner Plates; were $5.00 per doxen: now SS.SO
7i,-inch Breakfast Plates: were *4.50 per dozen; now $2.25
Cups and Saucers, tea size; were J4.50 per dozen; now jf-2.25
Cups *nd Saucers, coffee size; were 16.00 per dozen; n0w...-. i*;t.<H_>
Meat Dlehea: were $2.50 each; now .^l.-5
And all the balance of our Havlland Table Dinner Waro at the same reduced rates.
pp| . _ ; .
L^ ; : ¦ < g3>
818.820 MARKBT ST.. SAN FRANCISCO. Mail Orders Filled.
GRAND OPENING ALL THIS WEEK OF
(gg)C-*- Big Furniture Exposition Building Block, >¦ "*
Sixteeeth Street, From Mission to Capp.
THREE ACRES OF SALES SPACE, PRACTICALLY ALL ON TWO IMMENSE FLOORS.
AND OUR WELCOME IS AS BIG AS THE STORE!
The expansion was no experiment, the growth being natural and
logical. Large operations, either in selling or manufacturing, make wise
economy possible, hence the continual growth of this concern.
Large sales and manufacturing nearly all our own furniture help us
sell goods cheaper. To charge high prices, would be a blunder, and we
could not have grown on a blundering policy.
This mammoth business has come to us through deserving it,
because our methods opened a new vista of possibilities in the selling
of housefurnishings.
It is not in boasting that we say we sell more Furniture, Carpets and
Curtains than are sold by any other store conducting business on similar
plans in California. Think it over?
BUYERS OF FURNITURE ARE PROTECTED I
First— ln the responsibility of this house.
Second— ln the excellence of the goods sold.
Third— ln the absolute certainty that the prices are lowest.
Our methods of doing business have been a great convenience to
city and country buyers alike.
We have brought manufacturers and buyers closer together, and
for our pains are often accused by our competitors of ruining the
furniture business of San Francisco.
But the furniture business isn't being ruined. It may be finding its
truer level, and it's surely finding its one headquarters— PATTOSlEN'S.
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream Insure* a
refined complexion.' Druggists, 15c and 00c.
Choppers' Friendship Club.
The Choppers' Friendship Club, a sick
benefit association of members of the lo
cal camps of the Woodmen of the World,
gave an evening to Its friends In the so
cial bail of the Foresters' building last
Friday night. The hall was crowded to
its limit by those who had been Invited.
A. J. Welnert (chairman). F. L,. Teeter
Jr. and A. T. Love, the committee on en
tertainment, presented a pleasing pro
gramme of music, vocal and instrumental,
and literary numbers, the participants be
ing Mr. and Mrs. M. Raabe, Messrs. Mc-
Donald and Holtz, the Monahan brothers,
little Miss Sexton, Miss Schwartz and
I,'iss Herman. The entertainment waa fol
lowed by dancing.
To Celebrate St. David's Day.
The Ist of March is the anniversary of
Wales' patron saint and as customary
the Welsh people of this city and vicinity
will celebrate the day with literary and
musical exercises and a dance. Pioneer
Hall has been engaged for the event and
the services of the best available talent
enlisted. A feature of the programme
will be the rendition for the first time
in San Francisco of the famous song by
Kipling, "The Absent-Mlnded Beggar."
A Bad Boy From Kansas.
EdTrard AJdridge, 19 years of a«e, waa
arraigned in Judge Mogan's court yester
day on a charge of grand larceny and
the case waa continued till to-morrow.
L«st Tuwdav Aldridge met Olaf Benson
end asked W m for 15 cents to get a bed.
Will Leave My Happy Home
At:<s get a pair of fine Kid Ties for »:,
worth C 50, at the sale of shoes, 717 Mar
ket street, near Third. •
Anniversary of Emmet's Birth.
JThe one hundred and twenty-second an
niversary of the birth of Robert Emmet
will be celebrated this year by the Irish
Nationalists of San Francisco In a very
appropriate manner. The exercises will
consist of an oration and a musical and
literary entertainment, .which will be
held in Metropolitan Temple on March
13 under the auspices of the Knights of
the Red Branch. The oration will be de
livered by the Rev. Father Yorke. Re
served seat tickets can be procured at
Deasy Brothers* store, 20 Sixth street.
Cruelty to a Horse.
Albert Jooat. son of a member of the
firm of Joost Brothers, 600 Gough street,
•was convicted by Judge Cabaniss yester
day of cruelty to animals and fined $5. He
waa seen beating his hon*e by F. H.
Burxbaxn. 129 Hyde street, a member of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals, and when remonstrated -with
he struck Burnbam on the bead with his
¦whip.
To Protect Oriental Trade.
Sometime ago tho business and com
mercial men interested In the Far East
organized the American Asiatic Associa
tion of New York,' the purpose being to
foster and safeguard the trade and com
mercial interests of the citizens of the
United States in China, Japan, Philip
pines, Korea and Oceanlca, A proposition
is now before the business men of this
city to form a Pacific Coast branch of
the New York organization. George A.
Newhall. president of the Chamber of
Commerce, is one of those who has taken
up the matter and called for a meeting
of the merchants and others for to-mor
row in the rooms of the chamber.
Intending visitors to the Paris Expo-
sition may be Interested to know that they
can secure through Thomas Cook & Son,
621 Market street, San Francisco, hotel ac-
commodations In all parts of Paris at
prices varying fr^om $2 to $6 per day. Thia
same firm will also secure your lodgings
and tickets for admission to the perform-
ances of the "Passion Play" at Oberamer-
gau. *
RANCHER MARSHALL'S
PUMP GUN IN COURT
Thrown Into Jail for Killing Blue
jay and Quail With a Gun
That Couldn't Fall.
Testimony was taken yesterday In the
"United States Circuit Court by Judge Gil
bert in the matter of the habeas corpus
petition on behalf of W. A. Marshall, a
wealthy resident ol Slarin County, con
victed of having used a rep-eating shotgun
Jn kiillr.g quail and bluejays— one of tich
— on hl3 own land and with his own
pump gun, contrary to an ordinance of
the Board of Supervisors of that county
prohibiting the use of such weapons.
Mr. Marshall's attorney contended that
the ordinance was in conflict with the
fourteenth amendment to the constitu
tion of the United States and that the
ordinance was unreasonable for many
rf&sons. one of them being that a
"pump" gna was no more destructive to
pame than was a double-barreled shot
gun.
The court took the matter under ad
vJsernent-
VROOMAN ACT
CONSTITUTIONAL
Important Decision by
Judge Torrence.
WILL BEAR ON MANY CASES
?
LITIGANTS ENTITLED TO APPLY
FOR DEEDS.
— ?
Differs From the Ohio Law De
clared Unconstitutional
by the Federal
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 24.— 1n a decision on
a demurrer to-day In the Superior Court
Judge Torrence practically decided the
case of J. Goldtree against John D.
Spreckels in favor of the defendant, leav
ing the plaintiff nothing on which to stand
in court. The suit was brought to re
strain the defendant from applying to the
Treasurer of Coronado for a tax deed to
a lot of the plaintiff previously sold for a
delinquent street assessment tax levied
against the lot for the grading, paving
and sidewalking of Orange avenue. The
principal contention made by plaintiff's
counsel waa that the street Improvement
law of this State commonly known as the
Vrooman act was unconstitutional, and
therefore that all the proceedings under
which the improvement of Orange avenue
was made were void.
Federal Court Quoted.
In support of the claim that the Vroo
man act was unconstitutional tho plaintiff
pleaded that the decision of the Federal
court in the case of Norwood vs. Baker
declares that the street laws, such as the
Vrooman act, are unconstitutional in that
it said that the only principle which jus
tified the levying of special assessments
on private property for street improve
ments was based on the assumption that
the property assessed was specially bene
fited to the extent of the assessment made
upon it, and where a statute prescribed
an arbitrary rule of assessment without
regard to the question whether the prop
erty assessed would be benefited
or not, that such a statute was
invalid as contravening the clause
of the Federal constitution. The
Norwood-Baker decision has practically
stopped street work throughout the State
which had been going on entirely under
the provisions of the Vrooman act. It waa
under the permission of this same Vroo
man act that the defendant was about to
acquire title to the lots in dispute.*
Judge Torrence, however, holds that
the Vrooman act is entirely dissimilar to
the Ohio State law, that the Federal de
cision does not touch it, that the Legis
lature of this State had in view the prin
ciple that special assessments can only be
levied to the extent of special benefits and
that the State Legislature intended thai
the legislative bodies of the different
municipalities of the State should be gov
erned by that principle, and, in ordering
street improvements and levying assess
ments therefor should only do so when
it appeared to them that the special as
sessments would not exceed "the special
benefits accruing to the property assess
ed and therefore that the decision in the
Norwood case did not apply to the Vroo
man act. He also holds that the Vroo
man act elves the lot-holder the oppor
tunity to be heard, which the Ohio law
does not give, and which was one of the
principal reasons why the Ohio law wus
not upheld.
Differs From Ohio Law.
The Judge, asserts that the very de
cision of tne Federal Court knocking out
the Ohio law Is a strong support of the
view that tho Vrooman, or California law
would not be knocked out by the same
tribunal. He therefore holds that the law
is constitutional and that Mr. Spreckels
is entitled under it to apply for the deed
to the property. The opinion delivered
by Judge Torrence practically determines
the merits of the case and also a number
of other casea of like character pending
In his department.
This decision is a very Important one
and if upheld by the higher courts will
sustain the validity of numerous titles to
real estate which depend for their validity
upon the constitutionality of the Vroomaa
act.
Benson took him to his room at 783^
Market street and when Benson awoke
next morning Aldridge had disappeared,
together with Benson's gold -watch, chain
and locket. $3 50 In coin and a pair of tan
shoes. When Aldrigde was arrested Fri
day night by Detectives Ryan and ODea
he was wearing the stolen shoes. About
two months ago Aldridge was arrested
for disturbing the peace and made such
a strong talk to Judge Mogan about be
ing a poor bpy from Kansas City that the
Judge allowed him to go.
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL
SHOW SOON TO ARRIVE
Norris & Rowe'3 Aggregation £n
Route to This City With Beasts
of Every Description.
On Saturday afternoon next Norris &
Rowe's big trained animal show will be
gin a sixteen days' engagement in this
city at the Mechanics' Pavilion and will
give performances at 2:30 and S p. m.
throughout the engagement. A grand free
illuminated parade will be held on Friday
night at 8 o'clock. In which the 300 ani
mals connected with the show will parti
cipate. The collection of animals is said
to be the largest In the world. It includes
elephants, dogs, monkeys, zebras, goats,
Shetland ponies and zebus.
"The elephant men have to mind their
charges every hour of the day and night,"
said Professor Norris. "The bull, to use
circus slang, sleeps only about two hours
out of the twenty-four, and often does
that on his feet. Some African elephants
have been known to go weeks without
sleep. The elephant is always fidgeting
about, swaying that ridiculous hulk of his
and always stlrrinK up strife and picking
at sometnlng with his trunk. He must
have something to occupy his mind, and
so bales of hay are always at hand to be
doled out to him. He must be always
scolded and talked to and told to keep out
of that or get back there or come out
where he can be seen. Ordinarily, when
not talked to, most elephant men divert
themselves by rapping the bull on the
proboscis with the elephant hook.
"An elephant has a hide about an inch
thick, a temper that is as uncertain as
the toss of a coin, the cruelty of an
Apache and the destructiveness of a tor
nado. Our Fargo's. small elephant bump
of destructiveness Is fully developed. He
Is continually pulling the bell rope while
we are in transit and stopping the train,
breaking the cages and generally destroy
ing property, but notwithstanding that he
is a particularly good and gentle speci
men.
"It is a well known fact that the ani
mals around our show are ruled by love,
the whip being seldom employed, but tc.
make an elephant mind without the use
of the 'bull hook' would be as futile as
an attempt to stop a Kansas cyclone with
a feather duster. The 'bull hook' Is
shaped like a boat hook. It has a straight
point, which Is used to jab In where the
skin is tenderest. Elephants, like most
animals, are cowards and will only take
advantage of a trainer or keeper when
they are not looking. They will occasion
ally make a 'bluff' as if to strike, but
when prodded gently with the 'bull nook'
they will whine so you can locate the
very spot It comes from, which Is not un
like the last pedal key of a church or
gan. It often sounds like an amateur
trying to blow a cornet for the . first
time. They treasure up grievances
against a trainer ,or keeper and
usually 'get' their man every time. They
are treacherous at their best, and one has
to keep an eagle eye out for them at all
times.'
MISCELLANEOUS.
MINING MACHINERY.
REALTY MARKET IS STEADY.
THE real estate market has been
comparatively quiet, though by no
means dull, during the past week.
A number of good - sales are re»
ported and dealers generally are
very well satisfied with the business situa
tion.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold the lot
and three-story and basement brick build
ing on the northwest corner of Fourth
and Minna streets, 70 feet on Fourth and
50 feet on Minna. The seller was Mrs.
Margaret Kelly and the price paid was
$50,000. The buyer was Miss" Annie Mont
gomery, one of the heirs of the William
Montgomery estate.
The Burnham & Marsh Company report
the following sales: Caroline Walker to
C. H. Brickhoff, lot and improvements
southeast corner of Twenty-fourth and
Alabama streets, 50x104', for $8000; Louis
Muller to G. Pouchan, lot and improve
ments southeast corner of Oak and Scott
streets. 40x52:6, for $fc7so; Lily J. Cory to
Mrs. D. Coleman, lot and improvements
west line v>t Steiner Street, 23 feet south
of Ellis street, 2ax9iJ, for $4750; D. McPhee
to George R. Lang, lot on the north side
of Fell ttreet, s(i feet east of Clayton
street. 25xi'JO, tor $3-i'JO; M. and H, Bever
son to M. J. Connolly, lot on me south
east line or Folsom street, 50 leet north
east of Tlilrtetnth street, 25xS0, tor $1700;
Mary H. Harrington to riunnah L. Dar
ling, lot ami improvements on the south
line of Jackson street, 70 feet west of
Larkin, 17:t)Xb2:S, lor J2300; M. and
H. Beverson to Peter Williams, lot and
improvements on tne northeast corner of
Thirteenth and Folsom streets, 25xfct), for
$7^60; Mrs. J. Le Conto to E. 11. Steams,
lot and improvements on the north line
of Lewis street, 157 :tJ feet west of Taylor,
20x57:6, for $5500; the Savage Estate
Company to George E. Becker, lot and im
provements (south line of Oak street, 120
feet west of Lyon street, 32x110. for $4500;
also water lot, deed not yet of record, for
$35,000.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag report the fol
lowing sales: Lot on the north side of Clay
street, 29 feet west of Baker, 25x137:6, witn
three new flats, for $10,250; lot on the
northeast corner of Broadway and Oc
tavia street, 45x125, for $15,000. sold for
George Schilling; lot and three-story brick
building on the southwest coiner of San
some and Jackson street?, 62x67. for $20,000.
Hooker & Lent have sold for C. C Green
to G. W. Merritt the lot on the south side
of Washington street, 225 feet west of Bu
chanan. 50x127:8%; for $7000. The same firm
has also sold lot and improvements on the
northeast corner of Laguna and Ellis
streets, 27x75 feet, from Mrs. Coffey to
Joseph Fogler for $6940; lot and improve
ments on the southeast corner of Steiner
and Grove streets, 30:0x75 feet, from Mat
thew Kavanagh to Fred Koppler on pri
vate terms; lot and two flats on the north
line of Pacific avenue. 80 feet east of Fill
more street, from Mrs. Clara Carey to
Sophia T. Trask on private terms.
Lyon & Hoag have sold the lot 25x100
feet, with three modern flats, on the north
side of Waller street, 100 feet east of Ma
sonic avenue, for $10,000; also the lot 60x
87:6 feet, with improvements, on the north
west corner of Octavia street and Rose
avenue, for $11,000, and the lot 25x100 feet,
with two fiats, on the west line of Devisa
dero street, 50 feet north of McAllister
street, for $[»500.
Sol Getz & Bro. report the following
recent sales: Four- room cottage and lot
on Twentieth avenue, between Point I.p
bos avenue and Clement street, for $lrOJ;
lot 25x100. north line of L street, 107:6 feet
east of Tenth avenue, for $650; lot 23x121',
east line Twelfth avenue. 175 feet north of
J street, for $S00; lot 25x100. south line
Clement street. 107:6 feet north of Twen
ty-second avenue. $400; lot 25x120, east line
Twenty-ninth avenue 225 feet north ol K.
street, for $300; lot 2axloo, northwest line
Athena street. 225 feet northeast of Persia
avenue, for $250; lot 25x100. south Hue I
street, 107:6 feet east of Forty-eighth ave
nue, for $300.
A loan of J157.000 was made this week
by the estate of A. C. Whltcomb to the
Odd Fellows' Hall Association on the
property on the south corner of Market
and Seventh streets. The association, had
been paying 6M and 6 per cent on the loan,
which Is not only one for a large amount
but Is secured by realty of the first class.
It was enabled, however, by going to pri
vate capital, to borrow for s*^ per cent,
with the privilege of paying off a portion
of the indebtedness every year or the en
tire amount at the end of three years.
These are very advantageous terms for
the borrower, which were rendered pos
sible because private capital is not bound
down to a fixed rate of interest without
regard to the locality, the character of
the security and the size of the sum to be
loaned.
; The savings banks, building associations
and private capitalists of this city loaned
an aggegregate of $455,750 upon local real
estate for the week ending February 17,
against $271,235 for the previous week. The
loans of the savings banks last week
amounted to $419,420, and were as follows:
Hibernia. $286,820; German. $21,750: San
Francisco Savings Union, $15,700; Savings
and Loan. $4700; Humboldt. $61,000; Mutuai.
$18,350, and French. $1100. The building as
sociations loaned $1500 and private capital
ists and others loaned $64,860. Among the
large loans last week was one of $132,903 by
the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society at
6 per cent, which is the rate accepted for
all loans by that bank. The same bank
also made three other large loans of $03,
500, $13,000 and $10,000, respectively. The
Humboldt Savings and Loan made one
loan of $18,500, one of $16,000 and one of
$15,000. The releases of the week were un
precedentedly large, amounting to $3,934
215. Quite a number of releases on tho
Blythe-Hinckley property are included in
the above total. These alone aggregate
$2 654.995. There were also some other lai«e
releases growing out of the same litiga
tion.
Eleven new building contracts aggregat
ing $41,359 were filed for record during tho
week ending February 21, as follows: A.
Aronson with M. Levy to erect a brick
and frame building to cost $5720 on the
south line of Post street, 70:6 feet east of
Jones street: Independent Electric Light
and Power Company with Pacific Rolling
Mills for steel and iron work to cost $666 a
for sub-stations B, C and D; Martha A.
Barrere with Petterson & Persson, for a
two-story frame building, to cost $4540, on
the west line of Scott street. 57:6 feet
north of Grove street: Wlnslow Anderson
with W\ W. Montague & Co., for heating
and ventilating system, to cost $1755, for a
four-story and basement building on the
south line of Sutler street, 103:9 feet east
of Larkin; Christina Huck with W. E.
Grant, for a two-story frame building, to
cost $1850, on the east line of Eleventh
avenue, 150 feet north of J street; Susie
Sandrock with Hughes & McDonald, for
alterations and additions, to cost $161>5. for
a two-story frame building, on the south
west corner of Thirteenth and Jessie
streets • W. and J. Sloane & Co. with
Floodberg & McCaffery, for ornamental
Iron work, to cost $1030. for a room in the
building on the northwest corner of Post
and Gardiner streets: Sarah R. Cowgill
with Cotter & Jones, for a two-story
frame building, to cost $4155, on the south
line of Clay street, 87:6 feet east of Spruce
street- Caroline G. Sarber with J. L. Wil
son and J. F. Long, for a one-story and
basement frame building, to cost $2050. in
block 3, Marlon Tract; Mrs. Ann Judge
with C J- Antwiler, for a two-story
frame building, to contain two flats, to
cost $2732, on the southeast corner of
Nineteenth and Kentucky streets; Fronie
Schmoldell. Antoinette W. Howard et al.
with D Strauss & Son. for a barn and
sheds to cost $9177, on the northwest line
of Bryant street, 75 feet southwest of
Bovee Toy & Sonntag have sold 181
acres of land in Tulare County, three and
three-quarter miles north of the railroad,
mostly vines and fruit, with eight-room
dwelling, storehouse and barn, for $17,800.
The seller was J. K. Snedeker and the
buyer M. A. Willback
The Mercantile Trust Company has pur
chased for $79,000 the property on the
south side of California street. 91:3 1-3 feet
east of Sansome. The property consists
of a lot with a frontage of 40 feet and a
depth of 89 feet, with a three-story brick
and iron front building of the better cla&s
of old-time construction. The seller was
Mrs Caroline L. Maynard, and the broker
was Goorge A. Raymond.
A E Buckingham reports the sale of
five' lots on Eleventh avenue, between H
and I streets.. by the Callaghan estate to
iiar ties whose names are not given.
Ea«ton. Eldridge & Co. will hold a reg
ular auction sale of city realty on Tues
day. March 6. The catalogues will be out
in a few days. ' . ¦•
The agreement entered Into some
months ago between Charles J. Behlow
(since deceased) and Friedlander & Co.
for the erection of a theater on the south
line of Geary street, Just east of Powell,
has been abrogated.
The California Club of San Francisco
has decided to build a woman's clubhouse.
Mrs. George Law Smith is chairman of
the committee. _
The Western Addition Improvement
Club has elected the following officers for
1900* President, Andrew Sbarboro; vice
presidents— F. C. Self ridge, Dr. C. V.
Cross and 1.. T. Samuels: treasurer, A.
J Vining; secretary, John Henderson; ex
ecutive^ committee— N. -B. Greensfelder
(chairman), Dr. C. V. Cross, F. C. SelX-
ridge, A. J. Vining. Frank H. Gould, W.
Liechtl, J. Henderson. A. Bbarboro, M.
Van Wyck and 1,. T. Samuels.
The property of the Ban Francisco Ly
ing-in and Foundling Hospital, on Golden
Gate avenue, whose estimated value Is
$10,000, is to be sold and the proceeds used
in the erection of buildings on the asylum
lots on Point Lobos avenue, between
Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth avenues. A
structure, now in course of erection on
these lots, was donated by Mr. and Mrs.
J.W. Ellsworth and will cost about $t)000.
It will be in the nature of an administra
tion building. Its dimensions will be SO
by 40 feet, two stories in height and it
will contain ten rooms. The two wings
will be 30x50 feet each, touching at the
rear corners, the building for kitchen and
dining-room being located In the rear, the
four structures forming a court.
Hugh M. Cameron, 10uS Broadway, Oak
land, reports the sale of an elegant
twelve-room residence, with lot 100x120
feet, 1125 Eden Park, or Twenty-sixth ave
nue, near East Fourteenth street, to Ella
B. Beadle for 'sl4,ooo: also lot on Seven
teenth avenue and East Twelfth street
to John F. Towle; lot 46x150 feet, on south
side of Santa Clara avenue, near Grand
street. Alameda, to M. L. Boardwell; cot
tage and lot, 50x133 feet. 238 Ettie street,
near B, Oakland, for Dr. H. P. Travers. to
C. O. Hill for $800; lot 60x150 feet, on East
Twelfth street, near Sixteenth avenue, to
John F. Towle.
The following sales In Alameda have
been made by the Burnham-Marsh Com
pany: Annie H. Edson to Ida M. Rank,
lot and improvements on the northeast
corner of Morton street and San Antonio
avenue, 100x150 feet, for $7300; Sadie L.
Garrett to W. R. Cluness, lot and im
provements on the northeast corner of
Clinton avenue and Union street, 100x150
feet, for $10,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
Moore's Improved Cold Separator.
The Moore Improved Gold Separator and Rotary Amalgamator is now on ct-
hlbit at No. © Stevenson street from i *. m. to 4 p. m. daily, ami we Invite m.nitis j
men who are interested in hydraulic mines or In worklnjr the black and ruby
sands of Cape Nome and other dlstmts to call and see the machine in operation
We submit herewith testimonial.-:
Office of O. L. LUCKHARDT & CO.. SAN FF.ANCISCO. Cal.. Jan. 17. 1300.
Moore Improved Gold Separator Company— Dear Sirs: I have bren much inter-
ested in examining and watching the working of your "Moore Improved Gold Sep-
arator and Rotary Amalgamator." ami think highly of It — in fact, I consider it l^V
far the best machine for saving goK! f^m gravel or sands yet invented. Youri
very truly, (Signed) A. H. WARD.
OAKLAND, Cal, December, IS3O.
Mr. J. B. Moore, Oakland. Cal.— Dear Sir: tionie time since you requested no.
If the machine bought of you had proven satisfactory, that you wished me to jrivo
you a slight testimonial in regard to Its merits, etc., which I am more than plea^e-J
to do.
Will state that I purchased one of the Moore Gold Separators with Rotary
Amalgamator attached, and I can truthfully fay that It has proven all that, nm
claimed for It in every respect— a thorough gold saver for either fine or coarse go!J
and works all kinds of gravel successfully, takes but little water, a one-Inch forca
pump supplying machine, one horse-power to run it. Is strong and durable, with
little wear and no breakage, can- handle three to four tons per hour.
My gravel had some clay In it and runs from $1 50 to <10 per ton, and machira
works if all right and tailings show but a trace of gold, seldom any. and can say
to those thlnklr.g of buying a machine, you can make no mistake, as they are a
positive gold saver, and for fine gold or for a place wh"re water is scarce they are
beyond comparison. Yours faithfully. (Signed) H. G. WHITTLE.
A corporation Is about to be organized for th« purpose of installing a plant at
Cape Nome, which will be called "The Moore Gold Separator Sub-Company No. L"
This company will control a plant to be installed at Cap*> Nome as follows:
A power /ilant consisting of twenty machines, which will have a capacity of
working from 7000 to 10.000 tons of sand or gravel daily. The company will «?so
own and control twenty hand-power machines for working the beach sands. Th«»
capacity of the twenty "hand machines will be from 800 to 1000 tons dally.
The capital of the sub-company to be immediately organizfd will be IW.COO
shares, par value $1 per share. For the purpose of installing this plant at Capo
Nome we off-er to the public 10,000 shares of the treasury stock at par. $1 per share.
reserving the right to reject any or all subscriptions. »r to allot a subscriber a pro
rata cf stock when over-subscribed. No subscription* will be accepted for less
than 100 shares, for $100. Subscriptions to the first installment of treasury stock r.f
10,000 shares will be received at the company's office, room IS, Crocker building, ua
and after Monday, February 26. until otherwise ordered.
The company have the option of several claims at Cape Nome, which will be
carefully prospected in order fo-detTinlrie where best to locate this power plan*,
on the arrival of the plant at Capf: Nome.
Figuring the capacity of the power plant at €000 tons daily, it will be seen that
sand or gravel having only £> per »on value recovered will prove a blg-pavlns
proposition. One day's run on the valu«; of $3 per ton would pay for labor and a»l
operating experses and 25 per cent on the stock at $1 per share.
We have met a large number of nilners and business men from the Cape Nomo
district, and taking a very conservative view of values as stated by these miners
and business men we think we are safe In estimating the values of the beach sand
or the sand or gravel from the bench or creek claims at $10 per ton.
By the use of conveyers to convey the gravel from the ground to the machines
we estimate that the entire cost of handling the gravel and attending to the power
plant would be covered at $1 per ton, and all values above $1 per ton recovered will
be a net profit to the company. It will require no very great mathematician tJ
realize the large profits that may be derived from a plant of this capacity in a run
of 100 days. •
One great advantage of installing these machines beyond the saving qualitl*^.
which have been fully demonstrate 1. la the small quantity of water required for
each machine. Less than two mlner'fe inches of flowing water will supply a ma-
chine which will work from 300 to SOU tons of sand or gravel daily, and will «aye
at least 40 per cent more fine gold than can be saved in a rocker or a sluice box.
This is conceded by experimental work on sand already put through the machine
at No. 69 Stevenson street— that at l»ast 40 per cent of the values which are recov-
ered in this machine cannot be saved in a sluice box or rocker.
We feel justified In making this :;tatement, that this sub-company, controlling
twenty power machines and twenty nand machines, will pay on an Investment of
$100 not less than $1000 for the coming: season, and will leave a large surplus In th*»
treasury of the company, which can be applied to increase the plant for another
season to a very much larger earning capacity. This statement can be verified by
hundreds of practical mining men whe nave witnessed the perfect working of «r.a
machine and its gold-saving qualities.
Through the investment of this company people who cannot visit Cape Nome
can derive some of the benefits from the vast wealth which certainly exists in
that section of the country. Although the profits are large, the statements whien
are made herein are deducted from a most conservative standpoint, which we will
challenge any disinterested mining man to honestly question.
MOORE IMPROVED GOLD SEPARATOR COMPANY.
IS Crocker Building. San Francisco. Cal.
19_BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YA?d7nO VALLSr
Steamer "Monticello."
MON. Tues Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
5;J?"i « * M 1 ?-. - ( "- Thurs. nlght>; Frl-
i \\ P J?J- am! 8:3n: Sund ay». 10:30 a. m.. 8
&«- V ?dts.'?? dt 5.' ? , and offlc *- Missloa-strest Dock.
Sfp^°- ~ Tel * Phone Main 1508.
r AXE j. .........K<J
SLAYS THE WIFE
OF HIS EMPLOYER
Murder Followed by a
Suicied.
NEW TORK. Feb. 24.— Mrs. Mamie
Hayes was murdered to-night In her
sleeping apartment in the Hotel Endicott
by Dr. Franklin K. Caldwell. who then
shot and killed himself. The woman was
shot In the head. Caldwell was employed
as an assistant to Dr. Ephraim H. Hayes,
husband of the dead woman. Three days
ago Caldwell ordered a solution of mor
phine, which was delivered to him to
night, an hour before the shooting. The
bottle which had contained the morphine
was found on a table in the room with
the bodies. .. :
Dr. E. H. Hayes came from Chicago
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OLDEST INDIAN OF
CALAVERAS IS DEAD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP. Q^&&*^iQ&&H)i<S<!^^Q&<&Ot THIS
Gerome," prob- 0 , -<£
ably the oldest £i'- .-P'--.^' > :•*•<- - • ' ' : ' '¦•'"•' '£
man in Calaveras 2,; X* T T RFD MAN'
County, died at this £>! . Mk--- • £ KfiU IVIAIN,
place last Tuesday <s>^ : . "• ' jaSs^|CS ¦ -
at the advanced age &£ . tfflffPy ¦*' • £
of 110 years. The t\-- ' . > \'Z WHO
history of the early £\* * . --^^E~ .' ¦ ' :£: £
mining: days of the <6: ¦ • .v r*^j*^^Kf ,-' O:
county would not be «j : : '/¦ V. ¦ :.-^* v "; * .' • . .''.*.
complete' without^; :\ • /-' *~ ."-•-. iO FiMTpT T
mention of this old Afl^f^s \ I U. ' £'¦ ••» . '' '.'v--}'^% I-' VV A-a- x
Indian character. At £s Mh*, .1 f tt N * > ' , / .5^
the time when the ,O^f **„, "t\ i - ' 4 01
country was filled <« y .\ ;fi' * ¦"' \ . '-- : /-f> ADAPT
with men thirsting O H^vi"^- * : y^S "'¦ "&¦ AJr/Vlv i
hills Gerome was at Ij*^ \J^S f ' "'¦>' '
the head of the Dig- jQ jBSBm^ . \^^|| V * "%> ' *:^V'-. : S trD/^KTr
ger tribe and an In- <*•" <8«E->> ¦ » .' ¦ : •'* r*rv.LylVl
dlan known to near- V ' ' - ¦^ <N *H»^BiK^ 1 2'-^«^i. ¦¦¦;i^l ¦ O
The early settlers •$ [^Ekm' ¦ ¦Bfe^^ r " HIS QtJ N
came to the country. 'l % IBB^I~— '^ PEOPLE^
Eir£^r SS ° f is! i pp'SIKSItSE' rr LIVEDTOBE
has laid several men & *''¦" '•^mfiiti **•.', .... , ~ .^ li-Of
low in his time. He * /^T T\
found his Indian wife ««»*»H»WCe*»«i««8«»M«^«««*« <JJLIA
consorting with a
negro near Washington Flat, this county, and forcing the woman Into a well, ho
stoned her to death. Among the whites he was always very peaceable. It was
a touching scene to see Gerome at the bier of a pioneer who had passed away,
with the tears streaming down his parchmentlike face as the thoughts of the
bygone days passed through his mind. For years he has lived apart from his
people and entertained, a great hatred for them for some reason. He has been
kept by the old-time settlers, among whom he made periodical visits.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
BRILLIANT WEDDING
OF SOCIETY FAVORITES
With Splendid Ceremony Lilian
Pauncefote Is Made me Wife
of Robert Bromley.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— Th^ Honor
able Lillian Pauncefote, dafthter of
Lord Pauncefote, British Embassador to
the United States, was married at noon
to-day to Hon. Robert Bromley of Stoke
Hall. The wedding was one of the most
notable that has occurred in Washington
for many years. Quaint old St. John's
Church, where the ceremony was per
formed, has a capacity for about 800.
standing room included, and this did not
serve to accommodate a tithe of those
who wished to witness the ceremony. •
The Interior of the little church was
like the corolla of a huge flower. The
brilliantly lighted altar in the depths
of the darkened auditorium, with its
golden points and snowy candles, formed
the stamens and pistil, while the flower
encrusted walls and pillars, through
which the crimson hangings scarcely
showed, were like the petals of a mon
ster blossom. *
The air was heavy with the scent of
Easter lilies, bride's roses and orange
blossoms, mingling with the odor of lilies
of the valley and carnations. Palms filled
all the available space within the chan
cel, while broad white ribbons stretching
down the aisles were dropped by the ush
ers, link by link, as the pews filled with
the distinguished guests. The ushers
were all attaches of . the embassy.
Colonel Arthur Lee, Gerard Lowther. Sir
Charles Elliott, Max Muller and Hum
phreys Owen.
The bride, to the great uneasiness of
her friends, had been quite sick all week
and leaned heavily on the arm of her
father as the procession moved down
the aisle. Her wedding gown was a full
court costume of white satin, the front a.
gleaming network of lace and pearls,
while masses of laces, caught with
orange blossoms, edged the long court
train from the shoulders to the floor.
A pretty feature of the bride's attend
ants were Master Sidney Kent Leger in
the costume of a page. of Charles 11. He.
bore the heavy train and was followed
by the bridesmaids. These were Miss Es
ther Bromley, sister of the groom; Miss
Curzon, cousin of Lord Curzon. the Vice
roy of India; Miss Hettie Sargent of
Boston. Hon. Sibyl and Hon. Audrey
Pauncefote, sisters of the bride.
After the ceremony a wedding break
fast-was served at the embassy to 400
guests. Mr. and Mrs. Bromley later left
for 'Palm Beach, Fla., and will soon re
turn to England, where the young matron
will be presented at court.
Among the distinguished guests were:
The Secretary of State and Mrs. Hay. the
Misses Hay. Secretary and Mrs. Root.
Secretary and Mrs. Hitchcock, the Misses
Hitchcock. Postmaster General and Mrs.
Smith, Miss Wilson, daughter of the Sec
retary of Agriculture; the German and
Mexican Embassadors, the latter accom
panied by Mrs. Aspiros and Mrs. Perez:
the Count Cassini. Miss Cassinl. the
Guatemalan Minister, the Haytien Minis
ter and Mrs. Leger. the Austrian Minister
and Mrs. Hengel-Muller. the Belgian Min
ister and Countess Llchterveldt. the Chi
nese Minister and Mrs. Wu, the Chilean
Minister and Mrs. Vicuna. Chief Justice
and Mrs. Fuller. Justice and Mrs. Harlan.
Justice and Mrs. Shlrap. Justice and Mrs.
Gray, Justice and Miss Brewer.
Xot since the time of the ¦wedding of
Lord and Lady Curzon, the latter Miss
Mary Lelter. In this city, i has soci
ety witnessed such a costly and magnifi
cent array of wedding gifts. The collec
tion was arranged in a large front room
of the second story at the embassy, and
friends were Invited to see the presents
during the last three afternoons of the
week.
Sir Henry and Lady Promloy gay*» to
their future daughter-in-law a magnifi
cent necklace of five rows of solitaire dia
monds, with pearl and iSlnmnnd bracelet
to correspond. The R'i'hfchilds sent a
superb necklace of pearls and diamonds,
with a heart shaped brooch.
Mrs. Oornellus Vanderbilt and Miss
Gladys Vanderbilt gave a handsome gold
repousse paper case and portfolio; Com
mander and Mrs. Cowles, the latter a sis
ter of Governor Roosevelt, a Dutch re
pousse silver box. . .
Mr. Curzon and his daughter. Miss Cur
zon of England, gave the duplicate of the
gifts always bestowed by royalty upon
such occasions, a heavily mounted silver
dressing case, with jeweled bottles.
Mr. Carnegie sent a massive silver
tankard, ornamented ' with handsomely
wrought figures; Joseph H. Choate,
United States Embassador to England,
handsome ornate silver candelabra; Sec
retary and Mrs. Long,' a silver pitcher, of
which Senator and Mrs. McMillan sent a
duplicate: Mrs. B. H. Warder and Miss
Warder, diamond and sapphire crescent.
Foreign Embassadors. Ministers and
other members of the diplomatic corps,
with the Cabinet Ministers and their
wives and several hundred friends, both
in and out of Washington, contributed
gifts.
The collection Is of such value that a
detail of special police kept guard night
and day upon the British Embassy. The
presents were not displayed at the wed
ding.
Boys' school Shoes, worth $2, for only
90c a pair at the sale of shoes, 717 Market
street, "near Third. * •
Bank May Reopen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Feb. 24.— The stock
holders of the County Bank of San Luis
Obispo have agreed upon Hon. John
Whicher, County. Clerk, for president, and
Charles A. Haskin for cashier in the event
of the reopening of the bank. Other
changes are probable. The stockholders
and depositors have had the question un
der consideration for several weeks. It
is now believed that the bank will reopen
within thirty days. . -'.. . .
MR. CHA*-. LA.\*ixi.
vented a method that cures without pain, dan-
ger, operation ot an hour's loss of time from
the day's work. To avoid all questions of
doubt -he sends free to every sufferer a free
trial of his method and there can be no earthly
reason why any one, rich or poor, should not
avail themselves of this generous offer. As
an instance of this remarkable method, the
cure of Charles Lange, Morrison, 111., is a
welcome piece of intelligence.
Mr. Linge Is a well preserved old gentleman.
72 years of age and for eighteen years had a
bad double rupture which no treatment could
cope with. After a short i'«s of the Rice
method the left rupture healed entirely and
the right was almost closed in a few weeks.
To-day he Is as sound as a dollar, wears no
truss or other support and his cure is only one
of hundreds of similar cases reported by those
who use the Rice method. Send for this free
trial. Don't be backward. It will cuprlse you
¦with Its wonderful power to heal. I And If you
know of other ruptured people ask them to
writ« or write for them. Do not fail to write
at once; do bo to-day. . • "
- : - •• : ... ;
llilli ea^
*J\ *l JI VUI
There Is nothing Ilk* ELECTRICITY to put
life vim and vigor into weak men or women.
Dnif s give but temporary relief; act merely as
a ft.mulant. but Electricity files to all weak
parts of the body, imparting nature's force
thereto and doing the required work surely and
in a permanent manner. If "run down" In
fceaJth and ptrenrth you had better try Elec-
tricity. Use an Electric Belt, for that Is the
tx-f»t method of applying it: but be sure you get
a (rood one while you are about It; In short, try
*"t>r. Pierre'K." for lt is guaranteed to be the
bert Electric Belt on earth. •¦' . ->
CT" Book let No. 2" free «t office or sent by
ir.0.11 for a2c stamp, tells all about it. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
CO Market etreet. SAN FRANCISCO.
ES Tribune Building. NEW YORK..
V^fC&SsJ!*** tom«o m « 5s5 s lfI , » n°n-j>oi*oTsofl,
£'=»*<l! r tor Gonorri.reZ
. JKmrCXZliXA^gg Gleet. Sp«rmatorrh<rZ
'./gSrtlfln 1 toS4»»i-\fl »hite«, anniLtural a*.
gfiLM Gsir«*i«4 ¦ fhar^B, or •.nj infioTini^
i««»tf ooi io evicwre. Uod, iirrit»tion or uicrr*.
)^9*rtrcßU eonueloo. tion ot mucous tnem.
?j£VHEEymS CHE»If H 03. tr *n"«- Xoo-Mtrinß-nt.
WsA C.NS-KUTU) .jgSTi Sold by *>r*m*t*.
'SsSik C. A >GM ?r? r ** Dt <n P"'" w r»rp«r.
¦ J?3*S**i»^ *T express. . prrpaid, fot
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMUNA BITTERS. THH
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
•u-e&ftb to tciUkJ organs. Depot, 113 Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE 0, R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND'
From Srwar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARP £I 2 rlrst Closs Including Bertlj
I AilC S8 Second Class and SleaU.
COLUMBIA sails Feb. 17. 27. Max. J. 33
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 22, March 4. 14, J4
Short line to Walla "Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agsnt.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALT,, PERKTNS * CO..
SuperlntendentsL
four years ago to take charge of the den
tal rooms of a department store com
pany. He had been a dentist well known
in Chicago, and when he left there he
placed his ofllce in charge of Dr. Cald
well, who did the shooting to-night. Mrs.
Hayes did not come to the city with her
husband, but remained in Chicago for
some time— just how long is not known.
Four, weeks ago, when Hayes opened an
office in the Hotel Endicott, Caldwell
was placed there as assistant. The Hayes
family occupied, with thr; office, a set of
apartments on the ground floor of the
hotel. With them lived Dr. .Caldwell,
Ralph Haves, a nephew of Dr. Hayes,
and a colored maid. Mrs. Hayes was 35
years of age. Dr. Caldwell was the same
age. i
To-night, after dinner. Dr. Hayes and
his nephew went out. Mrs. Hayes direct
ed the servant to attend to her work in
the kitchen, at the same time saying that
she would change her dinner gown for a
house dress. Within a half hour Dr.
Hayes' nephew* returned and, as the ser
vant opened the door to admit him, there
came the sound of two pistol shots. Two
more shots x were fired a moment later.
The young man and several others who
had heard the shots ran Into Mrs. Hayes"
apartments.
On the bed lay Mrs. Hayes. . She had
thrown off the dress she had worn at din
ner. She lay in a natural position. There
were two ragged wounds in her right tem
ple, from which . the blood flowed. The
bullets had entered her brain and she
must have died instantly. Beside the bed
lay Dr. Caldwell. He. too, waa dead
There were two bullet wounds In his
head. His right hand still clutched a re
volver, the finger on the trigger, show
ing how he had died.
Dr. Hayes was found in a drug store
near at hand and hurried to the rooms.
He was quite distracted, talked wildly and
It was feared for a time thathe would
have to be restrained. He- could not of
fer the faintest suggestion of a cause for
the wild act of Caldwell.
The police could learn but little. Dr
Hayes, from being excited and talkative
cooled down and refused to say anything'
The colored maid was so frightened that
not a word could be had from her.
Nothing was found that gave any idea
as to the cause of the shooting, so far as
is known or so far as any one would say.
Everything indicated. that Dr. Caldwell
had followed Mrs. Hayes into the bed
room almost immediately. She had only
partly removed her bodice. Apparently
she had been standing with her back to
the bed when he fired upon her. and she
fell backward upon it. Then there was
an interval of a few seconds. Evidently
Dr. Caldwell paused a few moments to
make sure his shots were fatal. Then
he turned the weapon upon himself
Death must have come to both instantly
Persons who know the Hayes couple
and Caldwell gay that * Dr. Hayos
had for years befriended- Caldwell and
had given him an opportunity to
advance in his profession: In fact,
had considered him almost as one
of his own family. As a. result of this
treatment Caldwell became enamored of
Mrs. Hayes, and; it seems, after many
repulses, decided if he could not win the
woman hft would take her out of the
world with htm. Mrs. Hayes had lately
been in an extremely - nervous condition
and was under the care of a specialist
Meeting of Fruit Growers.
Special Dispatch to The. Call
COLUSA, Feb. 24.— A mass-meeting of
held in the Courthouse last night. It was
held in the Courthouse to-night. If was
address-ed by Judge W. 11. Aiken of Yolo
in the interest of the California Cured
Fruit Association, after which upon a call
from Director J. B. Dejarnatt for mem
bers over 90 per cent of those present
joined the association.
Nominations at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 21.— At a mass
meeting this evening the following candi
dates for the coming municipal election
were named: Mayor, Dr. k .I. P. Parker;
Councilmen— R. Hamilton, First Ward: J.
Wagner, Second Ward; E. K. Roberts,
Third Ward; J. R. Maher, Fourth Ward.
OXYGEN EXTRACTED
FROM LIQUID AIR
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— At a dinner piven
at the Players' Club to-night 'to Raoul
Pictet, the Swiss scientist, oxygen was
produced from air by a secret process
used for the first time in this country.
The demonstration was made in the pres
ence of M. Bruwaert. the French Consul
General: Edward Sumner, who represent
ed Sir Thomas Upton, and a lawyer con
nected with the General Liquid Air Com
pany. For the experiment a simple ap
paratus consisting mainly of copper tubes,
was used. Atmospheric air was taken In
at one end and at the other oxygen was
shown by the production of a calcium
light from the ignition of the gas. Liquid
air was employed in the process.
Mr. Pictet asserts that with a five hun
dred horsepower plant . he can produce
daily 500.000 cubic feet of oxygen. 1,000.001/
cubic feet of nitrogen and 1000 cubic feet
of carbonic acid gas. The last named
product will, it is said, pay for the cost
of the entire production and the oxygen
and nitrogen will represent the net profits.
As 2000 cubic f^-et of oxygen is estimated
to be' equal in heating power to a ton of
coal, the process is considered to be of
great value from a commercial stand
point.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
> Steamers leave Broadway
fc«^ wharf, San Francisco:
©i^__ Ft Alaskan ports. 10 \. m.
r»»#?3tK Feb - •"• 10 - I5 ' -"¦ -"' : Mar -'•
sspS^Qt*^. Change t<-> company's steamers
S&iiS^ W % For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
JPS^S/IjisPsfil <"¦>. P»rt Townsend. Seattle,
>*»S*g^siSV»fu Tac-nma. Everett. AnaeortPa
.ir.a New Whatcom tWaah >.
'ilk 10 a. m.. Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25.
Mar. 2. and every fifth day thereafter; char.**
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ky.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at
Vancouver to C. P. Rjr.
For Eur-ka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. F?b.
3, 8. 13. I*. 23, 2S. Mar. 5, and every fifth day
th»reaftcr. „. _
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Car-
ucos Port Harfcrd (Pan Luis Oblspo). Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8. 12. I«. 20. 24. 2S, Mar. i. anil
ev»ry fourth day thereafter.
For San Diesso. stopping only at Port Harford
(Pan Lnla Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Us
Angelas and Kedonds «Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Feb. 2, 6. 10. 1». IS. *2, 26. Mar. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. San jna« d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altnta. La Paz. Santa Rosalie,
and Guayrruis (Mex.). 10 a. m., Mar. 8. and 7th
of each mnnth thereafter.
For further Information obtain company*
folder.
The company reserves the rlKht to ehanjr*
steamers, safllrs dates and hours of sailing,
¦without previous notice.
TICKET OFKICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agfa..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
KEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARN'Y AHT> WASHINGTON STS--RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to SI SO day:
ii to S3 week; I* to $30 month. Free batlu; hot
and cold water every room; fire crates la every
room; elevator runs all night.
FIVE KILLED
BY EXPLOSIONS
Powder Mill and a Boiler
Blown Up.
PLATTEVILLE. Wis.. Feb. 24.— The
Platteville powder mills were wrecked by
an explosion this afternoon, killing three
men and badly injuring another. The
dead are: ¦
THOMAS BASS.
WILLIAM ROTTIGER.
FRED GENTHE.
H. S. Beck, machinist, of Bethlehem,
was badly hurt.
The cylinder- mill exploded first, and
thi3 was followed by the two presses, the
shock being heard for miles around. The
mixing mill took fire and was burned to
the ground. Several of the other build
ings were badly wrecked.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. Feb. 24.— At 5
o'clock this afternoon the boiler of the
Pullman Lumber Company's sawmill at
Pullman. Ark., forty miles north of Tex
arkana. exploded, with terrible results.
The following is a known list of dead and
seriously wounded:' '
HOOVER THOMPSON, fireman, killed.
AL HUTTON, trucker, mashed to death.
J. W. Dicus. cut by flying iron, will die.
Tt is believed three bodies-are under the
wreck yet, but it will be Impossible to
reach them to-night. '¦ • .
CARNIVAL SEASON
OPENS IN PARIS
Era of Gayety in the French Capital
Preceding the Advent of
Lent.
PARIS, Feb. 24.— Paris to-night entered
upon the carnival season, which will bring
a few days' gayety to the boulevards be
fore the advent of Lent. The festivities
opened with a masked ball at the opera
house to-night. Great preparations had
been made for thjs event, and. the scene
within the magnificent hall was one of
exceptional brilliancy.
Thousands of colored balloons and ser
pentines were distributed among: the
guests as weapons for the mimic battles
among the merry throng on Sunday at
La Villetto, where the -famous abbattoirs
of Paris are situated. On Sunday even
ing the public will be en fete. An alle
gorical procession .will traverse the dis
trict and in the evening public balls will
take place in the open air in the chief
squares, which will be ' especially illu
minated with electric lights. The usual
mardl gras procession along the boule
vards will take place on Tuesday and in
the evening bands will be stationed in the
square for the benefit of the working
classes, who will indulge in dancing in
the open spaces about the band stands.
The. students have obtained from the
Prefect of Police permission to Introduce
an Innovation in the mi-carme celebration
In the form of a grand nocturnal caval
cade with flambeaux and illuminated
cards representing the various schools.
Cold Wave Strikes Chicago.
CHICAGO. Feb. 24.— The coldest weather
of the year was experienced In Chicag,"o
to-night. Before midnight the mercury,
which began dropping in the afternoon,
after having risen seven degrees since
daylight, fell to 10 degrees below zero, and
this low temperature was accompanied by
a brisk northeast wind. While the force
of the wind was felt keenly even in the
sheltered downtown section, it was in the
suburban districts that the cold wave was
hardest to endure. ......
Clo verdale Fair Closes.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE. Feb. 23.— The citrus
fair came to a successful close to-night.
This afternoon prizes were awarded for
the best display of babies. Morris Thomp
son, a baby girl, took the first prize and
the second was awarded to the twin pap
pooses Dewey and Sampson.
THE WHOLE SECRET
Cf the Remarkable Success of a
Remedy for Indigestion and
Stomach Trouble.
A new remedy which may revolutionize
the treatment cf stomach troubles has
been placed before the public and bears
the endorsement of many leading physi-
cians and scientific men.
This preparation is not a wonderful dis-
covery nor yet a secret patent medicine,
neither is it claimed to cure anything ex-
cept dyspepsia, indigestion ar.d stomach
troubles, with which nine-tenths of our
nation are more or less affected.
The remedy is in the form of pleasant-
tasting tablets cr lozenges containing
vegeiabJe and fruit essences, pure aseptic
pepsin (free from animal impurities).
Gclden Seal and diastase. They are sold
by dniF£ists under the name of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
Many interesting experiments made
with those tablets show that they possess
remarkable digestive power, one grain of
the active principle In one of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets being sufficient to
thoroughly digest 30<X» grains of lean meat,
eggs, oatmral or similar wholesome food.
Stuart's Tablets do not act upon the
bowels like after-dinner pills and cheap
cathartics, which simply irritate and in-
Same the intestines, without having any
effect whatever in curing Indigestion.
If the stomach can be rested and as-
rifted in the work of digestion it will very
Foon recover Its normal vigor, as no or-
pan is ro much abused and overworked as
the stomach. This is the secret and the
whole secret of the remarkable succesa
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, a remedy
practically unknown a few years ago
and now the most popular, safest and
most widely sold of any treatment for
ftomach weakness.
This success has been secured entirely
upon its merits as a digestive, pure and
FimpJe; because there can be no stomach
trouble if the food is promptly digested.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets act entirely
¦upon the food eaten, digesting it com-
pletely, so that it can be assimilated into
blood, nerve and tissue.
Every drop of blood, every bone, nerve
er.d tissue in the body can be renewed
In but one way, and that Is from whole-
tome food properly digested. There is no
other way. ar.d the idea that a medicine
in itself can purify the blood or supply
rew tissues and strong nerves Is ridicu-
lous and on a par with the fol-de-rol that
dyspepsia is a germ disease or that other
fallacy— that a weak stomach which re-
fuses to digest food can be made to do
fo by irritating and inflaming the bowels
by pills and cathartics.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure dyspep-
ria, water brash, sour stomach, catarrh
of the Ftomach, gas and bloating: after
meals, because they furnish the diges-
live power, which Is the one thing that
¦weak stomachs lack, and unless that lack
Is supplied lt is_ useless to attempt to as-
Fift it by the use of "tonic?," "pills" and
cathartics, which haVe absolutely no di-
peftlve power and do not claim to have
any.
The rcg-uiar use of one or two of Stu-
erfs Dyspepsia. Tablets, after meals, will
demonstrate their merit and efficiency-
better than any other argument.
They are sold by drug-grists everywhere.
ar.d a little booklet on cause and cure of
»-tomach troubles will be mailed free by
addressing F. A.- Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich.
"Seventy-Seven" consists of a small
vial of pleasant pellets; fits the vest
pocket. . ~ . , ,
"Seventy-Seven" restores the check-
ed circulation (indicated by chill or
shiver), starts the blood coursing
through the veins and so stops a fresh
Cold and "breaks up" a stubborn Cold
that "hangs on" and known as LA
GRIPPE. •
Edition de Luxe.
We have a limited number of copies
of Dr. Humphreys* Manual, m white
and gold, that will be sent free. Tells
about the care, treatment and cure ot
the sick in all maladies. A chapter es-
pecially on the Diseases of Children.
Address
Humphrey.- Homeopathic ™*** C *P££ O -- eO "
set William and John ats.. New Torn.
RENOVATION SALE !
WE WANT YOU TO TRY THE PEERLES3
HEINE,
of which THOUSANDS have been sold within
the past ten years.
All leading artists such as F. Zech. Mrs. Car-
michael Carr. Miss Ada Wtegle. Miss Allcs Ba-
con Gustave Hlnrtcha and many others, who.
after thoroughly testing the piano, give It
the highest possible praise.
It will cost you nothing for the use of a plans,
while testing it ia your own house.
Positively fifty pianos must go out by
Wednesday, as we are remodeling our entire
warerooms and would otherwise have to stor*
our pianos at a great expense did we not makt»
this offer.
A few bargains are: The worlds most famous
Mason & Hamlin. Steinway. also Vows & Sons.
Knabes. Steck, Sommers. Chlckerlngs. Hetnes,
Russells. Straube and three small uprights tor
US {65 and $S5.
Store open every evening till 10 o'clock.
Remember this offer holds good until Tuesday
night.
PIANO MANITFACTU.RING CO.. 138 Ellis st.
WOOD SCARCE
AT CAPE HOME
Beach Supply Entirely
Exhausted.
FOOD PLENTIFUL BUT DEAR
STAMPEDE OF MIITEBS TO CAPE
YORK.
Beach Sand Is Not Very Promising,
but There Is Believed to Be
Plenty of Gold in the
Creeks.
SEATTLE, Feb. 24.— The first news of
the winter from Cape Nome reached here
to-day In Daw'son papers, reporting the
arrival there of Carl yon Knobelsdorff and
Charles D. Campbell, who left Nome De
cember 10 and reached Dawson early in
this month. Knobelsdorff and Campbell
report:
There is plenty of food at Noipe lo last
through the winter and until the first
steamers arrive there next, summer. The
only scarce article is wood, which wa'
selling at $65 a cord when they left. The
supply of wood along the beach was con
sumed for a distance of ten miles up and
down from Nome City, and the prospects
were for a practical famine in this fuol
before spring. The coal price for sal'j wa a
7 cents a pound, though there was little
of it on hand and it was being refused to
buyers. The large transportation compa
nies, however, had enough coal on hand
to last them. There was not considered
much likelihood of suffering from the cola.
Flour was selling at $6 a sack, bacon SO lo
40 cents a pound, ham 45 cents, sugar 2b
cents, dried fruit 25 cents, rice 15, oa'.iriesl
20, beans 15. canned meats ?1 a can, canned
fruit 75 cents a can, fresh meat $1 to $1 25
a pound, baking powder 51. meals $1 to
$1 50 and lodging $1 to $4 a night. Egze,
fresh potatoes and onions were out of the
market by December 1, when eggs sold lor
$3 a dozen and potatoes and onions }15 for
a hundred-pound crate.
Stampedes are reported to have been of
frequent occurrence during the winter.
The latest excitement was above Cape
York and opposite in the interior alon«j
the Anakovik and Linden rivers and theli
branches. The York beach sand was not
believed to be very premising, but the
prospects on the creeks were excellent.
Below and southeast of Nome furnish the
best reports In the bonanza district, there
having been reported a rich strike in
coarse gold. Outside Anvil, Glacier an 1
Dexter creek> and Snow Gulch the pros
pecting was only superficial.
A' party below Discovery, on Anvil
Creek, a tributary of Snake River, shcwr.d
5192.000 as the result of the four months
sluicing. The largest nugget foun.i in
this claim was valued at $418. Men wore
sinking holes through the ice out from the
beach in December- to find if there was
gold In the bottom of the ocean. «.um
mings took the biggest pile from the
beach a quarter of a mile from Nom°. He
is said to have realized $15,000 for his st-;i
son's rocking. The rich spot on the beach,
the Spit, within a mile of Snake River,
above Nome, was all worked out, and the
best pay of the entire beach for a distance
of fourteen miles was taken out. kittle
development work has been done in tne
Tundra, so its value was unknown.
February 5 fifty-one teams left Dawson
for Nome, and up to noon of the next day
twenty-eight more had. started.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Out of the chaos of old-time failure comes a
new and startling cure for rupture. Dr. W. S.
Rice, £32 N. Main et.. Adams, N. V., has in-
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS.
6AVE GOLD— Krcsa Mfg. Col. t Stevenson
Ft. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
EAVES fine gold. In daily operation at 2M
B^alc «., San Francisco.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
JJtOORE Improved Gold Separator A Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. 69 Stevenson st.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES AH the Gold by gravitation. No qulck-
rV.ver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
STEAM ENGINES.
Call end i>ee the lightest, cheapest, special Cape
Nome steam engine; working parts completely
Inclosed; |o5 to $255 for 1 to 30 horsepower;
weights 90 to 14C0; one operating at RIX EN-
GINEERING AND SUPPLY CO.. 619 Howard.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCtTLES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is flllloc
large numbers of order* for Nome. IU-1U
First ft.. S. F.
OILS.
LfBP.ICATINO Oil. Crude Oil and Gasolln*.
EXBIOM & McGUFFICK. 83 Spear St.. 8. P.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD.
Echaerleln & Burridge, I Hardie place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS. .
Lift Gold-Bearing fc«o<Js perfectly. In opera-
tion at OS Sixth st. BYRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Fupply fresh or salt water for elulca boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds. ?> Market st.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
lowest prices on the coatt. Pine Sc Davis ata.
HENSHAW. BUCKLET*CO.. Pwmps.Steam and
tiao^Une Ecclnea. Boilers. IS and 28 Fremont.
TENTS AND COVERS.
JCEVTLLE & CO.. manufacturers, bags, tents,
cover*. SI and -S California «t.
AMERICAN LINE.
lltW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. 1.021003. PASXI. '
Stopping: at Cherbourg:, westbound.
• From New York every Wednesday, W a. m.
Frlesland Feb. 2S Kensington ...March ft
New York March \ New York March a
St. Paul March 14 St. Paul April \
RED STAR LINE.
New York, arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Frlesland Feb. 2S| Kensington ...March V
Southwark ...March 7| Noordland _. March Ei
Westernland ..March It: Friesland —....AprU A
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbaal. Oawion City.
For full Information regarding freight «a<S
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT
30 Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies. *
FURNITURE BUYERS!
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN ALL LINE 3 OF
FURNITURE. CARPETS. LINOLEUMS.
MATTINGS, ETC..
From 10 to JO per cent on account of enlarging
Hore. Mutt make room for new goods. Try
my credit Fyrtem. The only liberal credit
Jiouse on the Coast.
Estimates given on complete housefurnishing.
Prices lower than ever.
T. BRILLIANT.
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Powell and Stockton sts.
Open evenings.
Free delivery Oakland and suburbs.
@^Pf4&Blf* The s - S. Australia
aEps>i*l£rt. -""H* f ">" Honolulu
LTfc .— Wednesday. March 7,
0 .^ — »>. ' WM. at 2 p. m.
>JWmSn D l^ . «>!I« via Honolutu ami
e V^mrvXt Auckland for Sydn-v
(Pfflo3R£b w " tnMIJa 5"- March 21.
**"**" * ~ at S p. ni.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez,
England, etc.: 1610 first class.
I. U. *r itLtttELS & BaO;>. CO.. Mgts.. !I4 Montgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight bntce.327 Market St
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEA\"E V.HAHF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets l'p r\
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG calling "at
Kobe <H!ogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai.' ar.i
connecting at Honßkoni? with steamers (or In-
dli. etc. Xo cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA XIARU Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARL' Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARL' .....\Vedae 3 <iav. April ti
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company"s oJilce
421 Market «t.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Aser.t.
COMPA3HIB CSSEBALS ?2AtfSATLA2!TIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE- PARI3, -^..^
Palling every Thumlay instead of
Saturday, from November I. IS9» at to
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Xlorton at.; LA TOVRAINE. March I; L\
BRETAGNE. March 8; L'AQUITAINE. March
15: LA CHAMPAGNE. March 22. First cUjs to
Havre. J6O and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second clasa to Havre *43- 5 uer
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
T Ork - J «T J- FUOAZ * & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agenta. 5 Montgomery ay«.. San Francisco.
In the Reffinninff There Was
111 illy U VtLllllllll** 1 11 VI v TT UJ
o o
ISO
cause of their immense supply of 6^ ->jJL> 1 tf^"«*T*!r*-^ ' * li TUm** /"*!,.__
vitality, which can be drawn upon /Q^A/ 7lSuWa&» % - 1 fIIGC. LI3SS6S
are weak and suffer from Rheuma- ; 4 > / . .' V_ -»C Hf^-. W
tism, , Lumbago, Sciatica. Lame ' Ul iUwll*
Back, "Varicocele or Vital losses,
your supply of vitality has been de- j-^"*25N?Ss. <sf.n*i fn- m^ Vm*. r>~ i ..~,_
creased, and if you would be strong c,!™, 1 ", \K n » fns°f n 5°° k ' 7*™*
this must be returned and in- rTlairf^ T al? fully Or '^"fn y *» lt cVe V
creased to such an extent as to ar- /IM§~ fTO . Sc£ aifd Simm? ml 1 my of ~
rest all possibility of further decay. *JS§O A\\V«L ?nd te"t tht ci£?!?nt ?£ a PP" ancei >
This work can only be accom- alP^ ¦\\\\\\B| It Is a n|, a ,n rp ?A ™ *?f? f c^ ar K e -
pllshed through the scientific appll- Hfe. «^~- VjlnM «nfr>rA S S v™ c to . Rlve ' a
cation of electricity 3k£**S« $&E=r*S. «i LlJttXft sufferer the advice he rerjuires. If
tauon or eiecincuj. Wsis^ r Wr&m * ou do not llve In vicinity of city
at "3r »^ r i?W3Mni b >' stating your case fully to nic
— "ft C on blank I W HI send you for that
' M j^2>\ o'wiSWr'! purpose. I will be able" to accurate"
yffig. r H 2W vW • *y aovlse you., Do hot delay but
_. _ Kyt »igy» 'oh\OsrW wrlte or call on me at °nee- ;?•¦ v-
Belt ?• ¦ ' TRAEi^ Treatment.
With special attachment for men, fHD T A C A \HIEAT " t '
fo.SSX 8 it B fi n wSS'itSgff^lS r . 6.o'Farrcri Street, t tSS^&B&SS%^S
digestive organs. . 94??I???> » ? > ? ? » ? ???++4++ £ Sunday^ .10 %0 L * f"'tO 6:
20
RED MAN;
WHO
DWELT
APART
FROM
HIS OWN
PEOPLE,
LIVEDTOBE
JJOYEARS
OLD.Prohibition as a Live Issue.
A large, audience was present last night
at Pythian Castle Hall to hear an address
by Colonel Frank J. SJbley of Atlanta,
Georgia, on "Prohibition as a Live Is«ue
of the Day." The speaker contended that
all other questions, Including that of
finance, expansion and the tariff, were
subordinated to that of prohibition, which
would eclipse all the others before many
days had passed. He held that the ques
tion of prohibition involved the happiness
of the home and family. The liquor traf
fic he regarded as a menace to the future
prosperity of the nation and he advocated
radical measures to exterminate It.
GADSKI IN GERMAN OPERA.
Peerless Artiste to B; Heard With
Damrosch and Bispham.
An operatic treat is undoubtedly In
store for the music lovers of this city in
the concerts comprising Wagner operas
to be given at the California Theater,
commencing March 6, with Mme. Gadskl
as the stellar attraction. When the tal
ented artiste was here with the Ellis Opera
Company last year It was the cause of
much regret that she was unable to ap
pear In German operas because the man
agement could find no available tenor. C.
L. Graff, who is directing the transcon
tinental tour of a small but talented com
pany, has evolved a unique plan to bring
out the wonderful power of Gadskl's
voice, which has been specially trained
for German opera. ,He has engaged Wal
ter Damrosch, who will explain and Illus
trate at the piano the words and music
and all the important excerpts from thq
opera selected by Gadskl, who will be
heard in the same arias as though a com
plete performance were given. David
Bispham, who has everywhere won
plaudits for his rendition of the barytone
roles, will be a valuable assistant to
Gadskl.
The operas to be presented include
"Tannhauscr," "The Flying Dutchman,"
"Die Melsterslnger," "Lohengrin" and
others. The programme will be particu
larly attractive ' and has met with un
bounded success In New York. Philadel
phia and Buffalo. , Mr. Damrosch will also
be heard at Sherman-Clay Hall In the
mornings In a recital of his own composi
tions, which are destined to deeply In
terest musical circles.
OIL OF EDEN
POSITIVELY CURES RHEUMATISM.
Dissolves and removes through the pores of th«
skin all impurities, cause of pata and disease.
SWEET SPIRITS OF EDEN
Regulates the liver, kidneys, stomach and
bowels, cures constipation, disordered d!<es-
t'on, strengthens weak and deranged nerves
and restores lost vitality caused by old ace.
sickness or overtaxation. If your druggist
does not keep them at $1 a bottle, or three for
$2 50. send for valuable information to Joha
L. Kellet Oil of Eden Medicine Company--
Main Office. 1014 Broadway. Oakland.
Wholesale Dept., 4->7 Ninth st.. Oakland. CaJ.
OF INTEREST
TO THE COAST
Bill Affecting Miners'
Interests.
• ¦ ?
Special Dispatch' to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON. Feb. .24.— Senator Stew
art of Nevada to-day introduced a bill
extending the mining laws to saline lands.
The bill provides that possession and title
to salt deposits and saline lands on the
public domain may be acquired under the
provisions of the recent act relating to
mines and mineral deposits. The bill is
of great importance to the miners of Cali
fornia, and it is thought by Representa
tive de Vrles and other members of the
delegation interested In the mineris' cause
that tt will be passed during the present
Congress.
The Senate Committee on Public Build
ings to-day directed Senator Turner of
Washington to report favorably the bill
appropriating $50,000 for the purchase of
a elte and the erection'of public buildings
at Spokane. Wash. ' " • • -
Representative Kahn to-day Introduced
the following bills: Increasing the salary
of the United States District Attorney for
the Northern District of California from
J4500 to $5000 and that of the- United States
Marshal for the same district from $4000
to $5000; increasing the pension of Captain
L. Washburn. formerly of the Third Cali
fornia Regiment, to $30 per month: In
creasing the pension of Edward M. Mar
shall of f}nn Francisco to $30 per month;
to pension John Gleason. alias John
Smith, late of Company F, Second Cali
fornia Regiment; -removing the charge of
desertion from the mi.TTary record of
George W. Bell of San Francisco.
A postofflce has been established at
Beech Creek, Grant "County, Or., and
Owyhee. Klk County. New
The following California Postmasters
were appointed to-day: George Woolsey,
Keene, Kern County., vice Frank Warner,
resigned; T. A. Brown. Man vel, San Ber
nardino County, vice Arthur Woods, re
signed; A. B. WaJker, Newville, Glenn
County, ylce L.. W. Warmouth, resigned.
Representative Hemenway of Indiana
to-day introduced to President McKinley
James B. Gamble of Indiana and urged
his appointment as Collector of Customs
at Sltka, Alaska.
Albert Poole of San Diego ha* been ap-
Rolnted engineer at a salary of $1080 and
:. M. Creswell pilot of the steam launch
of the quartermaster's department at San
Diego.
Army orders— By direction of the Secre
tary of War Major John G. Davis, sur
geon, will proceed from New York to San
Francisco and upon the completion of the
duty assigned to him by the commanding
general of the Department of California
will proceed to the Philippine Islands.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Hugh Good
win will proceed from Fayette. Mo., to
San Francisco and report In person to the
commanding general of the Department
of California for duty.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Thomas J. Man
nlon. Veterans' Home, Napa. $S; William
N. Van de Mark. Oakland, $5; Peter H.
Lane, Oro Flno. $8; Charles Lewis, Red
ding. $6; Henry Matley, Lodl. $6. Increase
—Allen Wilkins. Gnrdena. $16 to $24; Bas
com W. Runyon. Tulare, $24 to $30. '
Oregon: Additional — Andrew Rvan,
Klamath Falls, $6 to $12. Original widow,
special accrued February 13— Franeella
Tebo. Portland, Pi.
Washington: Increase— George W. Cal
vert, SeattJe, $3 to $10.
WANT CALAVERAS
TREES PROTECTED
Resolutions Adopted by
Grangers.
»¦¦
SAN JOSE. Feb. 24.— The San Jose
Grar.ic<» is bitterly opjwsed to the destruc
tion cf the big trees. At a meeting to
day the Grange adopted the following:
Whereaf. Th?re ie under consideration a desj
wherfby that tract of primeval fortrt known as
the BiK Tr«>ei> cf the <^lavera» trill become de
strryed and the pnxiuct used for commercial
l»ll|>HW. and
Vihereat. TT.'.r wanton destruction In the ln
:»th> ..< o'>nini<^rre would rob California of one
• ! itf pruu^est landmarks and the world of one
-~.l the rare «r*d intereetlnf; exceptions In for^
*:-TTy: t here'r-T*' t* tt
Resolved, by the Sen Jose Grange. Patrons of
Husbardry. That they strongly favor the pur
rt.atf ct this i'jrrn tract by the National Gov
ernment, to b* Dr^s^rv^d «k a. perpetual reser
vation for the ber.eflt of the State and nation:
and they mo«t respectfully but forcibly request
of the Srrators and Reyreeentatives from this
Ftste to ure all the Influence la their yower to
tfci* end.
A resolution of thanks to Stanford Unl
verfSty for the course of lectures to farm
ers «af adopted with the request they be
continued yearly, pledging the support of
Xbp Grange.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 24.— At a largely
attended meeting of prangers held in this
city to-day a resolution was adopted urg
ing the department at Washington to
take steps to prevent the destruction of
the Caiaveras big trees.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Everybody Is Invited
To the picnic of Shoes to be held to-mor
row at the sale of shoes, 717 Market street
near Third. •
OI rr PI Oil I I Cower Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL "m?
Will L llUlllUj,. Orercoats and
Vallsea checked fre«.
Music at the Park.
The Golden Gate Park Band will render the
following prognrarao to-day at the park, com
mencing at 2 p. m.: Overture, "Rosamonde"
(Schubert): descriptive, "Dream Picture"
(Lumbye); waltx. "Temptation" (Bolcgnesl);
ecng, "Because I Love You" (Bower*), solo
lor • cornet, William Forner: , grand rejection,
"La Forra del Dtstlno" (Verdi); Introduction
and Slclllana from "Cavallerla , Rusticana"
(Majicasnt): ejected solo for. flute, "Souvenir
de Napoll" (Krakamp). A. Lombardo: themes
from the "Wliarrl of the Nile." (Herbert):
popular nonf, "Mommy's' Carolina Twins"
(Lee Johnson); march. "Soldiers In the Park,"
from the "Rurimway: Girl" (L. Monckton).
¦DOTTQIII7QFOR BARBER 3. BAK-
DilUOilLO'"- bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyer*, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painter*, shoe factories, sta-
blensen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
"I find Grape-Nuts very helpful to a
man troubled with the cares and worri-
ment of business." says Louis Fink Jr..
of 59 S. 4th street, Philadelphia.
"At the time I commenced using the
food I was very weak from want of
prnperly selected food. The help I re-
ceived from the powerful food elements
in Grape-Nuts was indeed wonderful. I
have come to use the food regularly and
do not think a breakfast complete with-
out it.
"I suggest you mention in your ad-
vertisements that Grape-Nuts are noth-
ing like Oatmeal, for many of my friends
express themselves as weary of the
rr.ushee and such will find a delightful
change in taste and results by using
Grape-Nuts."
There's a reason why this food gives
one the feeling of new vitality and vigor.
Actual u«-e proves the proposition.
All grocers sell Grape-Nuts, and the
pure-food factories of the Postum Cereal
Ch., Ltd., at Battle Creek, Mich., pro-
duce them.
ONE OF THE GREAT
INVENTIONS OF THE DAY
Attention. Is called to the advertisement
elsewhere In this issue of the Moore Gold
Separator Sub Company 'No. 1. A great
many have seen the working of the Moore
Separator and practical mining men have
highly commended its entire practicability
The large dividends promised to investors
in this sub-company are bewildering but
the projectors have every confidence in
their ability to carry out all promises, in
which event the Investment would cer
tainly be considered of the highest class
CIVIL SERVICE AND PENSIONS.
Charges of Discrimination Against
Veterans to Bs Investigated at
Hare Island.
Last Friday night the' Veterans' Civil
War Association held a meeting with
Martin Murray, the president. In : the
chair.
The standing committee announced that
sworn charges had been preferred against
L4eutenant Halliday. Foreman Sargeant,
Foreman. Trebell and others at the navy
yard. at Mare Island of having discrim
inated against veterans of the Civil War
In the matter of appointments, and a let
ter was read from President McKinley
announcing that these charges had been
referred to the Secretary of the.. Navy
Subsequently Secretary Savage read a let
ter from the Secretary of trie Navy an
nouncing, that an investigation into the
charges had been ordered at Mare Island
for the 26th Inst. and that all veterans In
terested forward their names and ad
dresßes where the Investigation Is to be
held.
i M. T. Sullivan spoke at some length on
the subject of civil service and against
what he declared were "Imported English
customs" and thought that before "a set
of politicians attempted, to foist such cus
toms upon the -country they should first
by popular vote consult the wishes of
70/Wo.OOO Intelligent American citizens."
On the subject of pensions he nald that
the average pension now allowed to those
who served in the war Is $6 a month or
20 cents a day. scarcely enough to. buy
soup meat. for a veteran and'hls family:
yet the cry of thoie who never smelt
powder is that the pensions are too high
and that the soldiers had' been paid for
their services.' The men' enlisted. and. were
to be paid $13 a* month. They were paid
that amount in greenbacks, which, In 1*65,
were worth 35 cents on the dollar, mak
ing the pay of the soldiers equal to U 65;
that's how they were paid for their ser
vices. ;«V: .
GBAFE-NTJTS.
Nose=Di£gin£
Eye=Glasses
Are the old kind. Our new clip can't dig: don't
clip or tilt. They're jolid comfort, far 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone, Main \<\
OPTICIANS pt !I CAPPARATW '
642 Market St.. taaTm«T3
From Atheism to Christianity.
I^aac Seely. who a short tlm« ago de
livered a course of controversial lectures
at the Y. M. C. A., will repeat them at
the Metropolitan Temple on Fifth »trept
during the month of March. For twenty
years Mr. Seely has been speaking on
Christian evidence topics, first as a free
thought lecturer and now as a Christian
Oarsmen -Enjoy a Banquet.
The AlamMa Boating Club gave a din
ner last night at a downtown restaurant
in this? city to about fifty of Its members.
O. H. Smith, president of the club, was In
The chair. Speeches, songs and stories- from
various members and guests made the
evening pass pleasantly. The following
were present: F. W. Ayere, A. G. Burns,
A Bjolstaii. F. S. Cone. George Conrad,
D F. de Bernard!. J. L. Dodge. Theo Eis
feldt. W. L. Frier. Da.vid Greenleaf. W.
B. Hlnchman. E. M. Hunter. H. P. Mar
tine. S. L. Mastick. Syl Newman. W. E.
Nauman, 11. E. Nelson. S. J. Pembroke.
1^ Roy Pollard. Sidney Pollard. H. E.
Randlett. Al Roeers, G. A. Rosenberg, C.
Richter. W. G. Hansen. C. J. Hague, John
A Hammersmith. 11. Hyul. F. A. Ham
mersmith, R. E. Hopps. Arthur Inkersley.
J S Jordan. Dr. C. W. Knowles. James
L*wlf=, George H. Miller. J. W. Mastick,
H W Maas. Alex Macki*. Major C. H.
G rcith. F. S. Stanle. Howard Simpson. E.
B Thorning. Joseph H. Timmons. A. S.
Webb Gus Williams, C. H. Wall and A.
S. Webb.
PAST PRESIDENTS
HAVE ORGANIZED
SEVEN TRUSTEES ELECTED FOR
THE NEW ASSOCIATION. 1
Native Sons Will Ask Congress to
Save the Big TTees of California
From Destruction.
There was a large and enthusiastic
meeting of the Past Presidents' Associa
tion of the Native Sons of the Golden West
in the .Native . Sons' building last night.
Past Grand President John A. Steinbach
presided. The committee on by-laws pre
sented a lengthy report embracing a pre
amble and laws to govern the association,
and it was adopted as a whole. The pre
amble, which .shows the .objects of the
new association, reads as fellows; I
The Past Presidents' Association 6f the N. S.
G. W. has been organized for the purpose of
furthering the interests and well-belngr of the
Order of Native Sons of the Golden West, to en
courage the members of subordinate parlors In
the work of the order and to bring about a
higher understanding and appreciation of the
objects, purposes and alms of the Native Sons
of the Golden West and the dissemination ot
its principles to the world at large; to enlist the
older members more fully In the good work of
our order and to revive the dominant interest
fceretofjre taken hy many of the past presidents
In their earlier days in the order; to cultivate
and to encouraje sociability and fraternity
among: the members of the association, as well
as among the members of the order throughout
the State— and generally to encourage and en
large upon the work of the order and also to
be an Incentive to members of the order to pass
through the chairs— to give them something
higher to look forward to.
Secretary Jameson announced that since
the previous meeting about fifty applica
tions for membership had been received.
This increases the roll to about 300. The
vote for seven trustees resulted m the
choice of the following .ramed: Clem J.
Belloli of San Jose, O. A. Foster of Santa
Cruz, C. M. Hunt' of Sacramento. Louis
Nonnenmann of San Francisco. C. T,' Rose
of Alameda. Arthur E. Scott of San Ra
fael and Malcom C. Whyte of San Fran
cisco. » Senator A. F. Jones. Leonard
Stone. F. W. Burnett. David Wilson and
W. E. McCreery were appointed a com
mittee to take action on an invitation
from Argonaut Purlor of Oroville to the
Past Presidents to visit that city during
the session of the Grand Parlor.
Judge Frank J. Murasky spoke in favor
of having the Native Sons take action to
prevent the destruction of the big trees,
of California, after, which the speaker ap
pointed F. W. Marston, Henry Lund
stedt. R. C. Rust. C. H. Garoutte, M T
Doollng; P. V. Long, John A. Stelnbach
and J. J. Jameson a committee to draw
up a memorial to Congress to prevent the
destruction of the California forests.
The charter was allowed to remain open
until the regular meeting In May. »
TOMMIE IRVINE, STRUCK AT MA C ON AND FI.BSRT STREETS.
him. in company with Jack Lewla.
a neighbor's boy. aged 6 years, to a
corner grocery on an errand. When
they had made their purchase
young Lewis passed out of the
store first and crossed the car
tracks to the opposite side of the
street. The baby then rushed Into
the street and attempted to follow
his companion. As he was cross-
Ing the tracks ho was struck by
the car. knocked down and fatally
lniured.
The gripman refused to give his
name. He says he did- not see the
•boy until his car was almost upon
him and stopped as quickly as he
could. Most of the spectators
agree, however, that the accident
was unavoidable.
forefingers, lik'j the European?. Thumb
rings were commonly worn from the four
teenth to the seventeenth century, ra!
staff boasted that "in my youth ( was
slender enough to creep through any ald
erirmn's tnumb ring." In the early days
of Rome thumb rings were worn by mll
.'tary officers as an emblem of rank. The
so-called papal rings, of which many ex
ist, dating from the fifteenth to the sev
enteenth century, appear to have been
given by the Popes to newly created Car
dinals. They are very large thumb rings,
on the hoop of which there is engraved,
the name and arms of the reigning P^pe.
the bezel being without a device. They
are of but little Intrinsic value, but are
magnificent In appearance. They were an
insignia of rank in the church. Thur.b
rings were for a time In the seventeenth
century used in the marriage ceremony.
In that period there were some women
who were superstitious and demanded u.t
the marriage that the wedding ring shouM
first be placed on the thumb, then en the
index finger, then on the middle linear,
then on the little linger and finally on the
ring finger of the left hand, so that not
only one finger, but the whole hand,
should be given with the heart. In tha
Marlborough collection of antiquities
there is an extraordinary thumb ring of
the Romans under the lower'emplre which
Is cut out of an entire and perfect sap
phire. • _^___
SUFFRAGE— V. T.. Santa Rosa. Cal.
The Federal constitution would not have
to be amended to enable women to vote,
for the reason that the right of suffrage
is governed by the Individual States, each
State declaring which of Its citizens, are
entitled to the right to vote. As the cen
sus of the State of California has not been
taken for ten years It is impossible at this
time to tell what the proportion of men
and women is. It is estimated that the
population of the State is 1.410,000. anri
that as to sex it is about equally divided.
An estimate Is that In January, 1599. the
male population of voting age in Califor
nia was 403,000. At the election for Gov
ernor In IS9B (November S) there were 257.
055 votes cast. There is no tabulated rec
ord of the number of qualified voters who
register, nor of those who having reglb
tered fall to vote In this State. There are
no figures to show what percentages of
women in this State make their living
by working outside of their homes.
QUOTATIONS— P. S., City. The lines.
"When pain and anguish wring the brow,
a ministering angel thou." are from
Scott's "Marmlon," canto vi, stanza 30;
"Fools rush In where angels fear to
tread" Is from Pope's "Essay on Criti
cism," part 3, line 6«. and "What> In a
name? That which we call a rose, by any
other name would smell as sweet." Is
from Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet."
spoken by Juliet to Romeo In act 11. scene
li. line 43. ¦
PASTURAGE, P.. City. If the owner of
a horse should place an animal on a pas
ture owned by you, and after a time you
should turn the animal over to the owner
and he should refuse to pay you for the
pasturage and refuse to receive the ani
mal, you might obtain from him a bill of
sale of the horse, the consideration being
the pasturage. If he should decline to do
that you would not have the right to seize
tho animal and sell him without first
commencing an action in the Justice Court
to recover the amount of the pasturage.
T7 ITTLE Tommie Irvine, the 3
year-old son of T. Irvine,
Jl /} mate of the steamer Uma
tllla, residing at 1933 Mason
street, was run down and fatally
Injured by Powell-street car 405 at
the corner of Filbert and Mason
streets yesterday afternoon. When
the lad was taken to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital It was found
necessary to treat three fractures
of the left leg: and to amputate
four fingers of his right hand. The
physicians are of the opinion that
the little fellow's ¦ skull has been -
fractured and his recovery ia
doubtful.
About 3 o'clock yesterdny after
noon the, mother o* the boy sent
ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
CONSULAR REPORTS— H. L., Lancha
Plana, Cal. Consular reports may be ob
tained by addressing "Chief, Bureau of
Foreign Commerce. Department of State.
Washington. D. C." These are furnished
without cost as long as the supply lasts.
PRINCE OF "WALES— H. B. L.. City.
The following are the names of the chil
dren of the Prince of Wales: Albert Vic
tor, Duke of Clarence; George Frederick,
Duke of York; Louise Victoria; Victoria
Alexandra; Maude Charlotte and Alex
ander. .
AGRICULTURAL LANDS— Subscriber,
Ocean View, Cal. To obtain Information
about agricultural lands in California It
would be advisable for you to call at the
office of the State Board of Trade in the
ferry building -at the foot of Market
street. ! ;
INDIAN LANDS— W. • B. G., Salinas.
Cal. This department is unable to an
nounce when the State of "Washington is
"going to throw some of that Indian
reservation open to settlement." "Watch
tho. San Francisco Call's dispatches and
as soon as. the. lands are opened to set
tlement that fact will appear.
PREPARATORY SCHOOLS-B. V. M..
Jackson, Cal. If by the .question,. "Are
there any public preparatory schools
(high schools excepted)' ln either Califor
nia, Nevada or, Oregon?", you mean
schools where the pupils are prepared for
teaching, the answer is that there are
normal schools in each State. In Califor
nia there is a normal school in San Fran
cisco, one at Chlco. one at Los Angeles,
one at San Jose and one at San Diego.
WAR RESOLUTION'— M. W. Lowney,
Cal. The wording of what are called the
war resolutions of Congress of IS9B is:
'FirM— That the people of the island of Cuba
are and of right ought to be free and indepen
dent. Second— That it is tho duty of th«
United States to demand, and the Government
of the United States does hereby demand that
the Government of Spain at once relinquish its
authority and government In the island of Cuba,
and withdraw its land and naval forces from
Cuba and Cuban waters. Third— That the Pres
ident of the L'niteJ Sta'es be and he hereby is
directed to use the entire land and naval forces
ct the United States and to call into actual
jervlce the militia of the several States to the
extent as may be necessary to carry this reso
lution Into effect. Fourth — That the United
States hereby disclaims any disposition or In
tention to exercise sovereignty.- jurisdiction or
control over said island, except for the pacifi
cation thereof, and asserts its determination,
whrn that is accomplished, to leave the gov
ernment and control of the island to Its people.
THUMB RINGS— A. S., Reno. Xev.
Thumb rings are of such antiquity that
no one has been able to trace down tha
original one, what such was used for or
who first wore one. The Mohammedans
used to make for the thumb a very strong
and stout ring, which was Intended to as
sist In drawing the bow string In ths days
when archery was the principal arm of
the East. The Turks used to pull the
string with the bent thumb, catching it
against the ring, and not with the twj
BABY CRUSHED BENEATH
FENDERLESS STREET CAR
MANY GATHER
TO HELP THE
BOER CAUSE
Transvaal Committee
; Benefit.
?
GREAT ENTHUSIASM PREVAILS
STIRRING ADDRESS BY EX
JUD^E 11. COONEY.
?
'Hs Arraigns England for Oppressing
| 'a Weaker People — Niece of "Oom
, . Paul" Krugsr Singa the , s
Transvaal Hymn.
»
Metropolitan Temple was well filled last
night with an enthUHiastic and represent
ative audience^ gathered to enjoy a con
cert and -entertainment for the benefit of
the Boers and to testify their sympathy
with that' oppressed but plucky people.
Judged M. .Cooney delivered the address
of the evening, .and his scathing arraign
ment of the British Government for its de
liberate attempt to drive uut th« JJoers
from a land to which they had an abso
lute right was received with unbounded
applause and frfquent cheers.
The appearance of Miss Sannle Kruger,
niece or "Oom Paul" Kruger, was also
the signal for prolonged cneering, and her
singing of the "Transvaal Hyma " worked
her auditors up tv an extraordinary pitch
of excitement.
"Crcnje has cut his way through the Brit
ish lines," celd Judge t'otney in nls addree*,
"Bull«r Is on his iast irgs and In lull re
treat and Ladysmith is not yet relieved. It
has been said mat the Boers hud no right or
leral title to South Afr.ca anu I am here to
proclaim that they have, on me contrary, an
absolute and rer.ect title to the lana. In
1795 the Brllis.i lun.loa in «.'ape Colony and
proceeded to take away the land from a peo
ple who had beon there for 143 years. The
Brlt'.ih went at the behest of the dethroned
Prince cf Holland, from whom they received
authorization to take pc*ses«ton of Cape Colony
by force. The hoer* went 160 miles away to
Natal, where they established a r^puollc.
England, who claimed a mortgage not only
en the land, but on the people, sent her troops
to Xatal and proclaimed it British territory.
The Boers retired to the Transvaal and ihe
Orange t ree stat*. They are ihtre now and X
believe they are Kutiig to remain mere.
(Cheers..)
"It was never intended by Providence that
a people who longed lor freedom and fought
icr their families and bonus should ever bi
subject to a government other than its own.
The British Government has undertaken to
force its sovereignty upon those people and by
this time it must reallie that it'haa undertaken
an impossible Job. The question of the right
of the Uoers to govern themselves cannot be
disputed, even by a member of Parliament.
England h&s practiced that doctrine of appro
priationg other territories too many times,
bhe met her Waterloo when she sought to
torce it on the thirteen colonle*. The sanvs
principle actuates the Boers now as actuated
the patriots of the revolution. (Cheers.)
"As to the fight that is bein« made 1 regard
the results as the stronscst evidence of the
ability of the Boeis to exact their Just rights.
"The people of this country ought to be ln
irreMvd in this unequal struggle. I trurt that
the Government at Washington fully under-
Htands the views of the people in thin regard.
While observing neutrality, let the President
of the United States and his Cabinet see to it
that England ol serves international law, by
allowing American ships and i products to ko
to any part of the world unprevented by any
nation on the other side of the Atlantic. The
Transvaal committee is fitting: out an am
bulance corps of Hfty men to send to the re
lief of the Boers, l.st all be missionaries In
the good cause of aiding an oppressed people."
After the cheers had subsided the fol
lowing programme was rendered: Organ
solo, "Prayer of the Boers," Professor E.
Werner; "So Welt" and "Ehrt die
Deutsche Sprache," by th 6 Arion Singing
Society under the leadership of Professor
H. Holzhauer; ' war song, "Huguenots."
and aria, "Nebuka," Signor Abramoff;
"Thy Voice Doth Thrill My Heart," Miss
Emille. Neubert: "SI Tv M'Almais," Mlsu
Sannle Kruger; "War ' March of the
Priests," from "Athalia," Ei Werner.
MACDONALD MAY
BE PROMOTED A
MAJOR GENERAL
Senator Dickinson to
Be Turned Down.
DAN BURNS' HAND VISIBLE
?
RECORD OF THE NEW CAPTAIN
OF TROOP A, CAVALRY.
¦ «
General James F. Smith Discharged
From the Service of the State.
Resignations—Prospective
Elections. v -t- :'
THERE is still EOma. talk about the
possibility of Major General Dick
inson tetng turned down by the com
mander In chief at the request of
Daniel M. Burns, and the talk goe« fur
ther. It is that when there is a change
Colonel William Macdonald, now on the
retired list, will be tendered tho position.
But up to the pirscnt It Is still only Na
tional Guard gossip.
Tho National Guard headquarters has,
through the assistant adjutant general,
sent a circular letter to the regimental
commanders asking various questions In
relation to target practice and calling for
suggestions in ttlatlon to the matter.
Captain J. \V. Dumbrell, Company C,
First Infantry, has at his own request
been placed on the retired list.
The following have . been discharged
CAPTAIN CHARLES JANSEN.
from the service of the State under an act
of the Legislature, having failed to report
for duty under the provisions of the
Chynoweth act authorizing volunteers
from the guard who went to the Phllip
§lnes to return to the guard: James F.
mith, colonel of the First Infantry;
Hugh T. Slme. major of the same regi
ment; Theodore C. Rethers, captain and
assistant surgeon of the First Infantry;
A. P. O'Brien, captain. and assistant sur
geon, sanitary corps; E. F. Davis, ilrtit
and Charles J, Hogan. second lieutenant
Company M, First Infantry.
There has been a call for a new com
pany of Infantry at Hanford. Kings Coun
ty. The board of location having favored
the proposition. Brigadier General Mullcr
has been ordered to proceed to the or
ganization of the company... which- will \«j
known as Company I, Sixth Infantry. Thla
company will be allowed only $30 a month
until the Legislature authorizes an in
crease.
Three more new companies will be or
ganized, one at Llvermore for the Fifth
Regiment of Infantry, and one at Ana
helm and one at Santa Monica, to be at
tached to the Seventh Infantry.
Assistant Adjutant General Bangham
has started on a tour of inspection in con
nection with the duties Imposed on tho
members of the board of survey for tho
First Brigade.
Major Charles Jansen. inspector on the
staff of the Second Brigade, will In a few
days receive his commission as captain of
Truop A, cavalry. Second Brigade, vice
Burnett, term t-xplred.
Captain M. AY. Simpson of Company G.
Alameda. Fifth Infantry, has tendered his
resignation. The resignation of First Lieu
tenant George T. Lemon of Company U of
the Seventh has been accepted.
There are now three vacancies to 1111 on
the division btaff— signal officer, vice
Miles, promoted; inspector, vice Dohrman,
assigned as paymaster, and junior aid,
vice Fitzgerald, resigned.
There will be an election for lieutenant,
lieutenant Junior grade and ensign on the
7th of March In the Fourth Division of the
Naval Militia, vice Lundborg. Doyl<- an.l
Armstrong, terms expired. There will lift
an election in the Fifth Division on the
11th for lieutenant junior grade and en
sign, vice Smith and McLaughlin.
Under direction of Captain N. T. James,
commanding the Naval Militia, the foui
senior officers at this port take charge In
turn for a week at a time of the Marion.
Lieutenant Harloe was in charge last
week. The men of the two divisions are
kept at drill every week, and under tha
new head of the militia there is marked
improvement on board of the ship.
Ensign J. C. Kelly of the Second Di
vision has been relieved, from duty a<» en
sign and detailed to act as paymaster dur
ing the absence of Douglass White on the
cruise of the Hartford.
Carpenter Harris of the Naval Militia
will compete for the diamond medal In the
pistol shooting at Sacramento this year.
THE SA^C FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
BICYCLE RIDER KILLED
BY AN ELECTRIC CAR
CHARLES H. lIEXNIKG, a cWk in the office of the superintendent of the
• Edison Klectric Light and Power Company, was killed yesterday morn
ing by being struck by a car on Folsom street, near Twentieth. Mr.
Henning left his residence, 621 Capp street, at 7 o'clock in the morning on
his bicycle en route to his place of employment. He rode parallel and close to
The car for a Phort distance, when his wheel swerved and ho waa thrown to
the ground in front of the front step of the car and was pushed ahead for about
ten feet.
Motormin Louis Spotts put on the brakes and reversed the current as noon
&f= he caw the young man falling. • Bystanders say that Spotts acted as quickly
£s it was possible for him to do, but that Henning was so close to the car that
he fell almost under the front step. The unfortunate bicyclist was taken up in
a.n unconscious condition and carried to the City and County Hospital, where
he died immediately upon being placed upon the operating table. An autopsy
hy Marque Surgeon Dr. Thomas B. W. Leland disclosed a fractured skull and
several broken ribs as the cause of death.
Motoraan Spotts was arrested by Patrolman Doran and charged with man
slaughter. - H« • was afterward released on ball.
The deceased lived with his widowed mother and his brothers and sisters
at 621 Capp street. He was a native of California, unmarried and only 26 years
;S^^^^^^^M||
WONDERFUL BOOK ON HYPNOTISM
FREE TO ALL.
Above all the facts of our time Hypnotism
is Just now a theme of curiosity} "Were you
ever hypnotized? What is it like? What Is it
really good for? Ia It true we can be put la
a trance at the hypnotist's will and yet have
consciousness to say and do a host of wonder-
ful thlnjys? Hyv can any one possibly ba
asleep and awrx:e at the same time? 13 It a
fact that any ons can learn how to hypnotize?".'
Such ar* a few of the questions that people are
everywhere asking. Well. I can give them
llg*it As America's leading Hypnotist I can
tell them even more than they seek to know.
1 am at present sending out a FREE BOOK
that covers the whol« subject. I stand ready-
to mall a copy of It to all. It will show thai
Hypnotism ha* many marvels beyond the wild-
est gue«s or rumor. It will show you Just
What Hypnotism Is.
You will see It Is a trance or spell Into which
one person may cast another by very simple
means. Anybody can learn how to do It aa
well as the most txperienceil hypnotist. The
study is neither deep nor difficult. When you
haw mastered It you will have all humanity
for your profitable us^. Tour power over the
subject's mind is absolute. He will do or say
at your bidding a thousand things he is not
capable of In the waking state. H» thinks,
acts, feels and sp^akn only as you want him
to, and has no memory whatever of it aft^r
the spell Is broken. In fact, when you hypno-
tize a subject you seem to enter into his mln-1
and invest It with new powers and then rula
mind and senses for just as long as you pease.
He Is as clay and you the potter.
Its Wonders and Uses.
All the strange' phenomena of Hypnotism
spring from this control over your subject and
hla mysterious new faculties. Here you rule
supreme aa a tyrant among his serfs, and by
their aid you can do. boundless good to yourself
and others. Tou can heal the dick. Tou can
relieve pain. Tou can give ¦',»•[> to tha rest-
less and comfort to the aorrowlng-. Tou can
reform the vicious and energiie the slothful
of mini or body. And in your own case, as
my free book shows, you can win promotion,
social or business standing, increase of trade,
the Influence, friendship cr love you most de-
sire, and. In short, all that Is needed to maica
you rich, healthy, esteemed and happy as
long as life lasts. My book also shows you
how Hypnotism is a friend to Justice educa-
tion and reform, and how and where It serves
the victims of pain and disease. In this last
respect I may well call It the "heal'ng of th«
future," for. as my book will prov? to you, it
surpasses all medical systems In ourln» the
disorders of the human body or mind.
You Can Learn Hypnotism.
In spite of these noble uses and In spite of
Its my*terlors powers. Hypnotism ia an easy
and' most simple art to learn. It calls for no
special training or education. It Imposes mi
long or perplexing «udy. Whoever knows
enough to read can learn it. My free book is
called a "Key to the Jlysterles of Hypnotism."
and I hay« truly made it a "Key" In th-^
nense that anybody can unlock Its s?cr«ts and
grasp Its miracle-working powers. They are
free to the simplest as well as to the most'
scholarly. The humblest can use them as well
as the loftiest. They will be as mighty and' as
prompt to Ao YOUR bidding as that of thf»
world's greatest scientist. Nay. more. Hyp-
notism can do for you what they mostly Ignore;
It can become to you a congenial and monty-
maklng pursuit In life. As a professinnaV
Hypnotist you can earn a big Income by pub-
lic entertainments. My book gives full par-
ticulars of how this Is done. The phenomena.
of Hypnotism are simply exhaustless as a
source of knowledge, recreation cr side-split-
ting fun.
'The Key to Hypnotism Free.
For all Its precious contents I repeat that toj
book ia free. It ccsts yon absolutely nothing
but the slight trouble of wrltlns for It. On
receipt of your letter or postal a copy will b«
sent free by return mall. Tou will find In It
more secrets of Hypnotism and more moner-
maktnir hints than ever were brought together
before. Meanwhile the book Itself ia elegantly
attractive. It is clearly printed from new-
type and every pajre has three or more picture*
that help to explain the text. ! These are of tas
highest artistic merit, an 13 also the beautiful
Illustrated cover.
No such handsome book has ever been given
away free in the Interests of a beloved science-.
I wish all to read it because I know that all
may benefit by it. To time it will be a dis-
closure of knowledge long sought but only
here to be found. To others it may prove the
one opportunity of their lives to gain a profit-
able calling. To all. If carefully perused. It
will point out a »ur» path t-j good health, hap-
piness, influence and success in life. Don't you
want to read It? Don't you want to become a,
Hypnotist? Either for yourself or others, don't
you wish to know all there is to know about
this science of power, wonder and mystery? If
so write to-day for a copy of this wonder-
ful book. Don't send any money. It Is free
as the air you breathe. Address.
PROFESSOR L. A. HARRADEST.
Book Department. Jackson, ilich.
I Helps Over
| the hill.
S Got lots of
§ Brain Work?
I Use
1 Grape-Nuts.
DOALL'S KEINYIGORATOR]jg§JS
Five hundred reward for any Eiijfjjij
remedy stops all losses In 24 -J * Ef
hour*, cures Emission*. Impo- -ferri \bieSt
tency. Varleocele, Conorrhoea. fiiFl 77»U
Gle«>t. Fits. Strictures. I,ost *bti &£X
Manhood and alUwastln? effects iri"j[ Vtf
of self-abuse or excesses. Sent — ' " '
sealed. $2 bottle; 3 hntt !•».¦>. to: inarantesd t>
cure any case. Addresa HALL'S MEDICAL IX-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 10734 Market st.. S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. S«nrt for free bock.
Wf\ %^ v
k J
MARKET bT.SJ. >a^
rvga ¦— -»-> Completely eradicated wltij.
IJ IB 1> out cuttln* or tjrtn*. Nj
1 111 t/» enr», no pay. For inform**
¦ :" . ~ W tlon address 8. F. RECTAJ.
¦BMOMSji INSTITUTE. U7O UftrkM.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have lonr been
recognized as the most successful spe-
cialists for men In America. Every mem-
ber of the staff has made a long and care-
ful study of weakness and diseases of the
male sex. and the remedies, methods and
appliances which cure them.
Disorders of Men Cured.
OR. MEYERS & CO.'S FAIR OFFER:
Patients may deposit the price of a cure
in any San Franciaco bank, to be paid
• only after they are welt, or may pay in
monthly installments. Trices reasonable.
No other doctors will make such an offer.
The/ Cure the Following Ailments:
Private Diseasss Lost Manhood .
Kliney Diseases Nervous Debility
Bladder Disease: Sleeplessness
Liver Diseases Df«pond»ncy
H;art Diseasts General Deciiity
Spin; Diseases Loss of Memjry
Stomach Disease* Blcod Poison
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
FREE CONSULTATION AND ADVICE. . V.
DR. METERS & CO. conduct, the
largest and best equipped medical insti- •
tutlon and have the most extensive prac-
tice In the world. They avoid the use of
all mineral, poisonous or dangerous drugs
and electric belts. All their remedl>s are
carefully compounded In their private
laboratory, without cost to their patients.
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
Thousands of men are cured at home
e\-ery year. If you cannot visit San Fran- \
Cisco, write for free private book, advice,
question list, etc. All correspondence con- -— ,
fldential.
7OA Market Street elevator "-s'.*"'•
¦ .Tr;^V 6AN FRANCISCO. ENTRANCE.. Evenlnzs-7 to 8.
If you have failed to get relief at the I
hands of Incompetent doctors, or by «- I
perimentlng with electric belts and patent I
medicines, or If you need health and I
strength and have not yet taken treat- I
'« raent. consult DR. METERS A CO. | ¦
21m ' CHICHCSTER'S CNGLISH
• H »-<i~^v _ " OH«l»«T"«»il Only *;«-D:i!.itv
/•A P^. fo ' CHICHKSTEIi-S i-NGITINXi
Vl TK» sa^**rw"«5 a^** rw "« ( ""k«tlt«tloil« an J linlta.
I/ , m tMmm. B»y «f yoor Dra«,» t . „ w. n .| 4,. ia
I « » •*•-»:••" P«rtle«l««. Tr.tlm.nluU
\V V ff «¦«•• Relief far La<lle«," ml«t«r. 117 r*.
tlfl)l«IL 1<»,O»O r«tlmoai»i.. SoIISt
u^ZTil. ?]l nui V? » Chl ' kk ' rt " i*em!«»l €^4
HtaUoa tMj pmp«r. Madiwa O^uarv, I'UIL.V., l»jj
Trappor's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia,
Druggists, &0c flask. Richards & C 0..: 406 Clay.
HER MIND UNBALANCED.
Miss Margaret Cheney Tries to Jump
Into the Bay While Insane.
Miss Margaret Cheney, who has be
come mentally unbalanced through pro
longed illness, escaped from her home at
745 Elizabeth street early yesterday morn
ing and wandered down to the water
front. The unforunate girl walked out
to the end of <he Clay street wharf and
began to disrobe preparatory to jumping
Into the bay. when she was seen by Offi
cers' James Mackey and T. Gibbons, who
took her to the Harbor police station. The
girl's relatives were notified and the girl
was removed to her home.
Probert Was Insane.
'A Coroner's Jury yesterday rendered a
verdief'that* Edward Probert, the capital
ist,-who-committed suicide' last Thursday
by shooting'himself through the head
with a revolver, was fnsane when he
fired- the shot. Autopsy Surgeon Leland
testified that the deceased could not have
lived" more than two weeks longer, as he
was far gone with heart disease.
That he will be greeted with open
arms to-morrow night is a -foregone con
clusion, because he has »>?«'* {£{2 o f
warm place in the hearts of the people ot
this city by reason of. his beautiful play
and his sterling acting. Although ho nas
delayed his visit to this city Mr. Thomp
son has tried to make amends by bring
ing his charming daughter, Annie Thomp
son, who has won high mention for her
interpretation of the role of Rickety
Ann. She will surely win fame with local
audiences, as she is a conscientious act
ress and has made a deep study of the
important role.
Another lady In the company Is Miss
Ethel Ormonde, who has quite a reputa
tion throughout- the Eastern country as
an actress of great ability. Miss Ormonde
has been in retirement for the past few
years, but was induced by Mr. Thompson
to- join his special company on its trans
continental tour. •
Both actresses possess splendid singing
voices and are heard to fine effect In the
rendition of. "The Palms" in the Grace
Church scene. ¦
WOMEN" and Women Only, especially mothers, are most competent t<
appreciate the purity, gwectnesp, and delicacy of Outicuua Soap and
to discover new uses for It daily. Its remarkable emollient, cleansing,
and purifying properties, derived from CuncrnA, the great skin cure, and
purest of emollients warrant its u?e in preserving, purifying, and beautifying
the skin, acalp, hands, and hair, and in. the fonr. of baths and solutions for
annoying irritations, itching*, inflammations, and chaGngs, too flee or offen-
sive perspiration, and also In the form of washes for uleerative weaknesses,
as -well as many Banative, antiseptic purposes, which will readily suggest
themselves. All that has been said of Octicura Soap may also be said of
CrTictßA Ointment which should be used after the Soap, in the severer
cases, to hasten the cure.
Complete* External &. Internal Treatment for Every Humor, 51.25,
consist* of Ccnctnu S-oap (S3c \ to eleanw the pkln of crusts an<l seaieft and eoften the
thirled cn'irl* CrTiCTBA OISTSIENT («*.), to instantly nV.ny ifr-hing, Inflr.inniatlon, and
Irritation. nvA 6 oothean4 heal, an*! CCTJCCKA Rr.«OLvr.r-T < v &oc.), t.. cool Rnd cJcanto the
jilood" \ BXV6U Sft •* often Mifllctent to cans the muf t torrnHn ; ?, disf.y^irlnff, and hnnill-
i.-ulnjT VkW, fea!p, £»«i blood hnmors, vrlth lass Of hair, wfcen al". el*e fail*. I'WTEB Duva
am* •;rr.M* CO«r - Sole Tropn.. IV)«on.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Blood Poisoning From a Fracture.
The' body -of ; Charles. • F. 1 Goodman, a
native, of Germany, aged .; 74 * years, . vwas
taken to the' Morgue yesterday for '.au
topsy. -He died of -blood -poisoning caused
by accidentally fracturing hi 3' arm a -few
Sheet Music
Half Price to All
Sherman, Clay & ; Go-'s,
Corner kearny and Sutler Sts.
LARGEST STOCK IN THE ENTIRE WEST.
Child Study Club Meeting.
The Child Study Club met yesterday aft
ernoon" in one of the rooms of the Web
ster School. The general discussion was
on 'school 'problems in their relation to
the educationand conduct of children and
the effects of environment and precept on
the minds of the little ones.
¦Among'those who specially addressed
the meeting was Miss Whlttaker, who
took the place of Miss Voorhles of Phila
delphia, and delivered an Interesting talk
on cooking. The 'next regular annual
meeting of the club, will take place in Na
tive Sons' Hall on ' the last Saturday ; in
March. . .
Twin Peaks Entertainment.
A Washington's birthday eve entertain
ment was given in Twin Peaks Hall, Sev
enteenth and Noe streets, by Court Twin
Peaks No. 755G, A. O. F. 'An especially
fine programme was rendered, followed by
dancing. Among the numbers that re
ceived merited applause were the cornet
solo by Miss Lucy Witthoft; violin solo,
Miss Violet Johnson: song, "I'd Leave
My Happy Home for You." Robert Whit
ley; song and dance, the Harland sisters.
Misses May and Alice; original special
ties. Miss Claire Fex.
The different committees were: Ar
rangements—Alex Smith. W. T. Ham
mond, James Ernest, W. C. Clinton. \\.
C. Spence and W. F. Dulfer; reception—
W. T. Plevln, Ray Brayman, August Mo
ser. Alex Cairns and William Tench: floor
manager, W.'B." Carpenter; floor commit
tee—Peter Koppen, P. A.. Irving, J. H.
Sulsberg and Fred D. Ritchie.
California National Bank Sale.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday authorized and directed T. K.
Statcler. agent of the California National
Bank of San Francisco, to sell by auction
all the personal property of the bank. The
Institution was declared insolvent on Jan
uary 14, ISS9.
Ladles' fine Kid Ties, worth $2 50. for
only 00c a pair at the sale of shoes, il7
Market street, near Third. , *
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
SEEKS HUSBAND AND
NECESSITIES OF LIFE
Xlrs. Annie Meyers Comes to This
City to Meet Her Spouse, but
Is Disappointed.
A particularly sad case has come to the
knowl<Mjgr of a well-known local charita
h\p institution. Staying at the Ahlborn
House is a poor woman who awaits anx
iously the coming of her husband. She
hiL? a three-months-old baby in her arms
and birth are depcndf-nt upon the hotel
peopie for food and shelter.
The woman in Mrs. Annie Meyers of
Seattle, who arrived here a few days ago
for the purpose of joining her husband,
whom she understood was employed as
Rteward at th~ Ahlborn House. She came
to this city at his r°qu«-st and spent her
Fmall savings to earrr her Into a strange
land. On arriving at the ferry she en-
Ter«-d the Ahlborn House bus and looked
forward with pleasure to meeting her hus
band, but her joy was short lived. On
reachirsr the hostelry she was Informed
was overtaken and beaten a quarter of a
mile to her dock. The new boat can carry
200 barrels of sugar more than the Reso
lute has capacity for.
Mysterious Wreckage.
The officers of the transport Hancock
reported to the Merchants' Exchange yes
terday that on February 23, in latitude 37
degrees 59 minutes north, longitude 124
degrees 30 minutes west (off Point Reyes)
the topmast of a vessel with the yards at
tached was passed. There was also con
siderable wreckage about the place where
the topmast was seen. There are none of
the coasting fleet overdue and only one
square-rigger, that is now out eleven days
from the Sound, could possibly have been
in the vicinity. None of the European
or Australian fleet is overdue and the
wreckage reported by the Hancock is
bothering the ship owners somewhat. The
accident will probably turn out to.be the
dismasting of one of the fleet that left
here during last month for Australia and
South Africa with cargoes of lumber
Captain Barneson, superintendent of the
transport service, was a busy man yester
day. He is taking evidence in the case <:f
the hospital ship Missouri and during the
day heard the testimony of a half-doz»n
witnesses. Major Arthur, the Missouri's
surgeon, has preferred charges against
Captain Dillon, while the latter has made
charges against Chief Offlcer Barrett and
Third Offlcer Lowenkjlf. .
Captain Barneson is only taking the tes
timony, none of which will be made publi"
until it has been submitted to Colonel
Long. The witnesses examined yesterday
were- Captain J. Dillon. Captain P. Mc-
Caull, quartermaster of the Missouri;
First Offlcer \V. Barrett. Second Officer J.
A. F. Krumsieck and Third Offlcer C H.
Lowenkjlf. • • .
Koberts May Get the Mules.
The British tramp steamer Victorious
cleared for Suva. Fiji, yesterday. Fiorn
Suva she goes to Sydney, N. S. W., for
°£ dGrs - The Victorious takes away ever
500 mules, which are said to be for the
caneflelds of Fiji, but which some people
think will eventually land in South Africa
The "Victorious is admirably fitted oui. lor
the carrying of livestock.
Captain McLeod. late of the ship Jaiiiea
r^esmith. sails for Honolulu to-day as a
passenger on the ship St. Francis. On ar
riving at the islands he will take ccm
mand of the ship Henry B. Hyde, now
loading sugar for New York.
The Naval Reserve training ship Marion
will make a cruise around the bay to-d«iy.
The officers, went aboard last night and
got the warship ready. At 1 p. m. to-day
.t, a £ eh £ r will be hove U P and the vessel
will be headed for Goat Island.; A visit
will be paid to. the Pensacola and then t.l«e
reserve will be given a gun drill. About 6
p m. the Maricn will return, to her an
chorage.. • ¦ . . . • ..
Morris U. Bates, one of the proprietors
of the -Commercial News and Shipping Ga
zette, left last night for a holiday .. trip , to
Los Angeles and San Diego.
that Mr. Meyers was not employed there,
but a gentleman who bore his name at
one time occupied a room there. As the
woman was tired and hungry, she was
allowed to remain there ovex night, in the
hope that her husband would soon rejoin
her. Three days have passed, but as yet
no news of his whereabouts has been
gained and the poor woman is nearly
heart-broken.
The police have also been asked to lo
cate Mr. Meyers, who follows the vocation
of waiter. If he does not materialize
within the next few days, a local chart
table'institution will care for the woman
and child.
Dr Parker"s Coußh Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fall*. Try It. All druggists. •
British Ship General Roberts, Which Carries as a Figurehead an Effigy of "Bobs."
!?N the experience of a British tramp bhip which arrived In this port on Wednesday from Newcastle. N. S. "W., the
fupcrstitio'js!y inclined are drawing an aufrury of pending disaster to the British arms in South Africa, and all because
I of a name. During the height of the enthusiasm in England immediately following the news of General Roberts'
I fair.oup march to Kandahar, a firm of ship-builders gave the name of the military hero to a new vessel that was about
to be launched and affixed his effigy to the bow of the craft as an appropriate figure-head. The launching of the Gen
eral Robert* was rr.ade the occasion for a big demonstration and the vessel in the years that have passed has proved
etanch and In every way satisfactory.
The first serious trouble that occurred to the General Roberts came shortly after the beginning of the war between
the Britlr/n and the Boers. The ship had just landed a cargo of lumber at Cape Town and cleared for Australia In bal
last. On the voyage she encountered a severe storm and her beautiful tlgure-head was shorn of Its arms. The ship had
otherwise suffered but little In its battle. with the elements and no particular significance was attached to the loss of
"Bobs" '" arms, which could easily be replaced. But that was before General Roberts was ordered to South Africa to
take supreme command of the British forces there.
Now for the augury. It is generally admitted that Roberts' strategic campaign was remarkably successful up to the
time h< had apparently cornered Cronje, a few days ago. but since that time there has been no definite news of British
Buccessr-f— rather the reverse. Xow. the augurs who watch the bulletin boards and the water front solemnly call attention
to the fact that since the arrival of the armless effigy of the British general he has made absolutely no headway against
the Hocrs, and they say that the rumors of pending disaster to the British arm? in South Africa is a certain warning and
notification of what is to come. The General Roberts will soon return to England, when the damaged effigy will be re
placed. Will the original "Bobs" be shipped back to England for repairs?
Novelties
for Spring
The spring styles cannot be described by
words — you must see them to learn of their
beauty. Following are a few mentions :
Ecru and white allover lace in' beautiful de-
signs for yoking from
$I.CO tO $10.00 a yard
Rich .applique effects in exclusive patterns
for .waists and skirts from
SOC tO $5.00 a yard.
Narrow ecru bands and festoons for finish-
ings in choice designs made especially for our
I2^C tO pl.OOayard.
New robes in all the latest creations for din-
ner, theatre, party and reception wear: made
of spangled net, Russian, Lierre and Renaiss-
ance laces in black, cream and white from
$15.00 tO $1 I 7.50 each.
Dress-makers are invited to inspect our
stock and inform themselves upon the prevail-
ing styles for the season; we consider it no
trouble to show goods and give information. .
Spring Wash Goods
Just opened a large assortment of wash
materials for shirt waists and summer .dresses
in tucking, allover embroidery, embroidery
yoking, tucking with lace insertion and tuck-
ing with embroidery insertion made in Swiss,
nainsook and cambric at prices ranging from
SOC tO $4.00 a yard.
A beautiful line of extra quality of striped
percale, 36 inches wide at
I2^C ayar d.
Dimities and lawns in new designs both
striped and figured; 28 and 30 inches wide at
, 1 5 a y ard «
ia 9 Kearny St!^^ 8888^
. . . t ,!• Write, for our illustrated catalogue.
Tailor=made
Costumes
Stylish and Perfect Fitting.
We make to order an elegant
Tailor Suit, of superior shrunk
fabric, lined throughout with
extra quality French taffeta
silk— fit, style and workman-
ship guaranteed, for
$35.
The Largest Assortment of BLACK
DRESS SKIHTS In San Francisco.
MOURNING OUT7i7s A SPECIALTY.
THE BLACK
GOODS HOUSE,
; 11C6 MABKET STREET
(R. T.KENNEDY COMPANY).
VETOED AN ORDINANCE.
Mayor Phelan Objects to • Allowing
,the Coroner Money for Drugs
and Other Necessities.
The following self-explanatory, com
munication was sent to the Board of su
pervisors yesterday by the Mayor:
To the Honorable the Board of Su
pervisors of the City and County of
San Francisco— Gentlemen: I here
with return to you without my ap
proval ordinance No. 10 authorizing the
Coroner to expend not to exceed the
sum of one hundred dollars per month
for incidental expenses.
The reason for my objection Is that
Inasmuch as the charter does not Pro
vide for the creation of incidental ex
pense funds for departments, such an
ordinance would be Invalid and if tol
erated would establish a bad prece
de object of the ordinance was to
provide the Coroner with necessary
drugs and chemicals pending the let
ting of a contract. To meet the emer
gency I recommend that the Coroner .
purchase after receiving competitive
bids such drugs and chemicals as are
absolutely necessary and present the
bills to the Board of Supervisors,
which can allow them out of the
urgent necessity fund by a vote of
five-sixths of all the members of the
board and the approval of the Mayor.
(Charter Src. 8. Ch. <1, Art. III.) Re
snectfullv submitted.'
JAMES D. PHELAN. Mayor.
raising funds to carry on the work and
for the improvement of the home. The
benefit will take place on April 1* in
Golden Gate Hall, Sutter street.
Benefit for Children's Home.
I The managers of the San Francisco
Children's Home, located at 4045 Twenty
fifth street, have arranged for an enter
tainment and dance for t"he purpose*" of
SHIP'S EFFIGY OF GENERAL
ROBERTS LOSES ITS ARMS
MRS. BRAUHARD MAY ESCAPE.
Her Preliminary Examination Con
cluded and Argument Fixed
for Wednesday.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Martha E. Brauhard of Sacramento, th«
"young widow," on the charge of obtain
ing property by false pretenses from J.
M. Leeper. 218 Eddy street, was continued
before Judge Conlan yesterday.
Thomas Hurst of Oakland was examined
for the prosecution, but he proved a good
witness for the defendant. He admitted
that he had given her $600, but he received
from her a deed to some mining property
in Amador: County.
The police, were unable to produce more
victims as witnesses and after Detective
ODea testified as to the defendant's ar
rest in Sacramento the prosecution rested.
The defense intimated that no witnesses
would be called and the case was con
tinued till Wednesday for argument.
WORK OF DISCHARGING
VOLUNTEERS BEGINS
Fourteen Bscruits Haturn to Civil Life
Without Having Seen Active
Service.
In accordance with orders Issued b> the
War Department the work of dischare ng
volunteers who enlisted for service in the
Philippines but who. have attached
to the casual detachment at the Presidio
pending transportation- to the Orient^ has
begun. Fourteen soldiers received thejr
discharge papers yesterday, the £ ser
vices being no longer required. Eleven
others were subjected to a medical exam
ination and will receive * h *V~ P «2 e lw2nt£
day. The remaining twenty or "^"^
five unasslgned voluntec-rs at the > P^sidio
will be discharged as soon as thej can pc
examined and their papers made out.
ThoTe who are found to-be physically un
fit for service will be discharged for dis
ability the others for the reason given
above!' They will all bo given transporta
tion to the places of enlistment. There is
also a well-denned rumor that the flght
fng force in the Philippines is soon to be
materially reduced, but no orders to that
effect have as yet been issued.
It is reported on good authority that
the pay of the soldiers serving in the
I'hilinnlnes will shortly be increaswi-10
per "cent w& the pay of the officers 20 per
C< The medical officers attached to the gen
eral hospital at the Presidio gave a com
plimentary dinner at an uptown rotls
serie Friday night to Colo nel G lrart.
Covers were laid for twelve and a -very
pleasant time was had.
days ago. Goodman was a canvasser and
lived at 520 Paclflc street. He died In the
City and County Hospital.
Our assortment of NEW SILKS for spring
and summer wear is now most complete, and
during the Gomina week we will show a great
varietu of the LATEST NOVELTIES in this
department.
Fancu 'Satin and Taffeta Stripe, open work
effects, in all the new pastel shades
&1.50 Yard
Taffeta Plisse, in fancu stripes, newest effects
for wa ists S/.50 Yard
Corded and Plisse Stripe Taffeta, self colors
........: S/.3SYard
Two-toned Taffeta, white and colored satin
stripes, extra heavu aualitu
............. ...........S/.25 Yard
Hemstitched and Corded Fancu Striped Taf-
feta, in all the latest spring shades
51.25 Yard
Open Work Fancu Satin Striped Silk
S/./S Yard
Extra Qualitu Soft Finish Foulard Silks, 24
inches wide- • $1.25 Yard
Satin Finish Fine Twilled French Foulards,
23, 24 and 27 Inches wide. Sf.OO Yard
SFIEOI-A-Xj I
200 pieces FINE TWILL FOULARDS, all the
latest stules and colorings, full 23 inches
in width...-..- ......85° Yard
111, !!3. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW SUGAR BOAT
POTRERO IS NOW
IN COMMISSION
Trial Trip Was a
Great Success.
WRECKAGE SEEN OFF SHORE
GOVERNMENT INVESTIGATING
MISSOURI SCANDAL.
?
British Sttamer Victorious Sails With
Five Hundred Mules Which Ar«j
Believed to Be Intended
for Roberts' Army.
The new sugar boat Potrero had her
official trial trip yesterday, and proved
herseif one of the finest boats of her class
on the bay. She is to replace the Reso
lute, the sternwheeler that has carried
supar from the refinery to Steuart-streot
wharf for years. The business has out
grown the latter vessel, so a steamer of
the Potrero's type became a necessity.
She is IGO feet long, 30 feet beam and-yes
terday, while the boilers were carrying:
ten pounds less steam- than the working
pressure she averaged IOVi knots. ,
' Captain Horace Z. Howard, superintend
ent of the Oceanic Steamship Company,
was in command of . the Potrero and
Harry C. Tabrett, marine superintendent
of the Risdon Iron Works, was in charge
of the machinery. The success of the new
boat was particularly gratifying to ' Mr.
Tabrett. as he designed her engines and
hull. Captain Howard handled the Po
trero in a masterly manner, which showed
that his hand has not lost its cunning ana
that he is as good ab6ard a small boat
to-day as he was aboard an ocean liner
a few years ago. On the way down the
bay fro"m Hunters Point the old Resolute
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25. 1900.
ACTRESSES POSSESSED
OF GHARM AND ABILITY
SPRING 1900
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TDIE. \
-$w, - '-.fif another
ptBKL.e I store in
' |flj^"-<& j| dothi^. A
¦ ||yis=i«« i|| magnificent
KJpjljg^. <& . 1| solid oak
'&3i?i£~ *® 1 l^ ls wee *^
¦ . . + ¦ : f
I Send fiva cents in stamps i
j for new furniture catalog. | [
-? — : fr
-THE J. NOONAN
• - FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
IOIT - /023 .iM/SS/O.'V STiISEr,
ABOVE SIXTH.
riot* Srctt It. Cp:a STenlajs. £
22
Uer\mai\ J Kompsor\
Has a Jalented
Daughter.
H DOZEN years have elapsed since
local theater-goers have had an
// — \\ opportunity of seeing Denman
v p Thompson in "The Old Homestead.ing out on the deep. Those in the acci
dent constituted the last boatload. 1 When
the launch was being neared Professor
Mucdoniild lurched with the dingy and
the laws of gravity prevailed. The half
drowned pleasure-seekers splashed and
shouted and rose nnd sank." -
The rescue . work well done, another
trouble confronted the unhappy three
How were they to get homer they asked
one another, looking like two* unkempt
mermaids escorted by Neptune in cllnglnsr
garb. Finally the professor was placed In
the engine-room and the Indies in- the
cabin. Their apparel— as .much ,as they
could spare— was hung'out on' the. rigging
for the action. of the sun and wafting
breeze. Sightseers in the Marin hills were
mistaken when • they believed 'a - floating
laundry was. cruising the -bay.: for it -was
only the returning home of the Christian
Endeavor, with passengers ; aboard, some
wet," somo'dry. ¦ '"""1 ;
sun. The fishermen bent to their oars
in the mad race to be first on the spot,
only to be disappointed, as the "levia
than" proved to be portly Professor Mac
donald, principal of the Lincoln Evening
School, slowly rising and falling on the
swell and "blowing"' when the briny
dampness touched his lungs. Around
about the professor Miss Carrie Morton,
who teaches the young mind to shoot in
the -Cleveland.-- Primary, and Dr. Flora
Macilonald were Idly drifting with the
passing currents. :_
The dingy, manned by. a crew mad with
excitement and nrmed with boathooks.
was soon to the rescue. Miss Morton was I
the first to be rescued. Dr. } Ma cdonald's
rescue was also easy, but the launch was
brought into play before ' Professor Mac
donald, was saved from drowning • and
sharks and other .dangers. : The accident
occurred when" the merry crowd was being
taken Irom- the shore to the launch walt-
WET and briny episode, now made
/rj\ known to the world for the first
Ji — A time, in which the dingy of the lit;
° 'tie iron launch Christian Endeavor.
-;.; commonly used for the purpose o?
rescuing the unwashed souls, was pressed
Into service to save three well-washed
Christian pleasure-seeker*, occurred on
Washington's birthday near the green
fringed shores of El Campo.
Early on the morning of the national
holiday the Christian Endeavor, carrying
a merry crowd of teachers, put out from
this city for the resorts of the Marln
shore. About 3 o'clock. in the afternoon
the fishermen who rounded the polrit
above El Campo made ready their whale
guns nnd harpoons and headed for the
shore off the picnic grounds for the pur
pone : of-bagglng what • was '' apparently a
leviathan sporting In the warm afternoon
THE resignation cf Charlie Baldwin
from the Burlingame Club because
of the slight put' upon his sister, Mrs.
Edward Parker Deacon, has set all
society by the rars, and now nothing
is heard within the charmed circle
of swelldom but. the buzzing and hum- j
mlng of the butterflies of fashion as they
flit from house to house to compare notes
and speculate on the awful event.
That Mrs. Deacon has left the city and i
that her brother is to follow; that Ho- j
bart has not resigned, as was reported; i
that a thousand and one things that!
might have occurred that were said to
have occurred did not occur makes no
difference. Society is talking and will not
be quiet until it has thoroughly exhausted
every phase of the affair, possible or im
possible.
Society's opportunity for a real inter
national scandal came when Charlie Bald
win attempted to make his sister his"
guest at a Burlingame lunch party, an>.l
the result has been all that could pos
sibly be desired by even the most active
in the work of regenerating the wild and
woolly West.
The scandal that the attempt and the
protest.lt raised has occasioned has not
only srt all the city gossiping but has
been flashed overthe wires to the utter
most parts of the country and is now as
hungrily discussed in the boudoirs of New
York, Boston. Philadelphia and other cen
ters of fashion and frivolity as It is here,
where it originated.
The true story of the occurrence that
has raised such a storm and has divided
all of swelldom into two opposing -camps
is as follows:
Some three months ago Mrs. Deacon,
who, as every one knows, is the unfortu
nate woman who was mixed up In the
affair with Emlle Abeille at Cannes,
France, which resulted in that gentle
man being shot to death by Deacon, who
was afterward tried for murder and ac
quitted by a French court, came out here
to visit her brother.
She spent most of her time In quiet re
tirement at the Baldwin Mountain View
Ranch in Santa Clara County, receiving
no callers and making no attempt to mix
In any way with the righteous of .the local
Four Hundred.
that file the statements. The second rea
son was worse than tlie first, an.l Asses
sor Dodge probably made It because he
knew that the persons who had made the
statements In the cases at issue were
dead. The Assessor had abftalutely no rea
son to give for his extraordinary action.
Taxes that belonged to the city and could
be had for the asking were slipping away
from the treasury. And then Assessor
Dodge pleaded that his bondmen would be
held In responsibility for any error he
might commit. He knew that under a
section of the Political Code he is not re
sponsible for errors and that taxes form
the first and primary claim upon an es
tate and 'are not barred by any time limi
tation which may be made.
But the Assessor was obdurate. He
would not demand the taxes due to the
city and the heritage was lost to this
board, which now has the power .to force
the Assessor to do his duty. It is argued
that litigation may follow* the demand.
This may be so, but the result is not in
the slightest degree changed. If the Su
pervisors have a reasonable certainty of
success a crisis can be postponed until the
next fiscal year, when it can be met. The
fact remains that the present board can
raise the money which is needed by de
manding the taxes due to the city and not
by shutting off the street lights*.
Killed by an Officer.
.-SEATTLE, Feb. 24.— Cape Nome had a
shooting tragedy on December 15. In which
John-F. Mallon. a cook employed in the
Delroonico Restaurant, was Killed by OCI
ccr Edwards while resisting arrest.
Chinese Gamblers Arrested.
Chief of Police Sullivan accompanied
Sergeant Shea and posse to Chinatown
last night, and as a result of the visit
forty-five Celestials are behind the bars
of the California street police station. It
was through the efforts of Ofneer "Jack"
Conlan that the big raid was made possi
ble Conlan attired himself In the garb
worn by Chinamen and managed to gain
access to Wong Fook's gambling rooms
unnoticed. Watching his opportunity,
Conlan gathered in the necessary evidence
anil held the gamblers at bay until as
sistance arrived, when the law breakers
were removed to the police station. Con
lan repeated the trick at another place
and ten more Chinamen were gathered
Chief Sullivan visited the Nymphia and
inspected the place. He stated he was
opposed to the resort and would in all
probability closp It.
The deceased was one of the best known
and best liked men In the hotel business
on the entire coast. He was a native of
Ireland and about 40 years of age. He
came to the United States at the age of
19. and after spending a short time In the
East started out to seek his fortune In
the West." He had pursued the hotel busi
ness In various of the Eastern cities and
upon arriving in this city found little diffi
culty In procuring employment.
He managed the Mercantile Lunch dur
ing its palmiest days and was for many
years connected with the Occidental
Hotel, golns from that house to the Cali
fornia, where he occupied the position of
chief clerk at the time of his death. Mr.
Downing was a single man. The funeral
will take place from St. Mary's Church
at 10 o'clock this mornlnjr and the body
will be Interred in Holy Cross Cemeterr.
men. to a unit, are with Baldwin and his
sister;, and, strange to say, the women,
who In such cases are generally as hard
on the erring ones of their own sex as
they are lenient to the black sheep of the
other, are on the same side.
They say that while the publicity that
attended the first scandal In which Mrs.
Deacon was Involved was such as to bar
her forever from being received, yet she
should not be molested, and, as long as
she did not intrude herself on the notice
of those who wished to pass her by. she
should have been allowed to go quietly on
her own way. They say. moreover, that
as the club was a semi-public place Bald
win should have been allowed to invite
his own relatives there, and if there was
any objection to his so doing that objec
tion should have come from the board of
directors ana not from the matron or
any of her supporters.
They say there have boon other Inci
dents which have been passed over, such
as the Gaiety girl affair, in which a well
known clubman was concerned, and they
cannot see why this affair should not
have been passed over in like manner.
There is another rumor which saya
that the matron was less actuated by her
interest to prevent the of
society in general than she was by a de
sire to pay off scores left from an old
feud. But this rumor cannot be substan
tiated.
The report that Walter Hobart ha»
also resigned from the club is false.
While he, as a brother-ln-law'x>f Bald
win, -naturally takes the matter very
much to heart, he has not gone to the
lengths of resigning from the club nor Is
he likely to do so.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR RETURNED HOME
DRESSED IN HER PASSENGER, CLOTHES
JOHN H. DOWNING DEAD.
Popular Chief Clerk of ths California
Hotel Passes Away.
John H. Downing, who had been head
clerk at the California Hotel ever since
It first opened for business, died a few
minutes after 12 o'clock yesterday at th«
California Eye and Ear Hospital on Sut
ter street, where he had gone to have an
abscess in his ear operated on.
About ten days ago Downing contracted
MARRIED AT ST. JAMES.
William J. . Fleming and Maude
Lockie Now 1/Le.n and Wife.
The marriage of William J. Fleming,
the son of Captain David Fleming, a well
known resident of the Mission, and Miss
Maude Lockle, daughter of Mrs. Ellen
Lqckie of Vacaville, took place at St.
James Church Thursday morning. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. Father
Dempsey of St. Mary's Cathedral at 8:30.
Miss Carrie Lockie was maid of honor.
Daniel Cauley acted as groomsman. The
bride .is an accomplished and attractive
young woman and the groom is prominent
In business circles. The young couple will
spend their honeymoon traveling to points
of interest on the coast.
Some six weeks ago Mr. and Mrs. Bald
win and Mrs.- Deacon drove over-to spend
a few days with. Walter- S. Hobart. the
brother-in-law of. Charlie Baldwin.
Shortly after-they arrived 'at! the Hobart
place a telephone message- was received
at the club from Baldwin ordering lunch
for six. .At. the time the message was re
ceived there was a party on the club
porch, who in some way or other became
aware of what was going on.
In this party was a matron who has ever
been foremost in the good work of regen
eration and who, during a long and ardu
ous career as. a social constructor, has
ever been the foremost to seize on every
thing that could help to promote the as
pirations of those who were toiling up the
steep paths that lead to the gladsome
light of conventional excellence.
This matron heard of the order and saw
her chance for a grand coup. Baldwin
was going to bring his sister, Mrs. Dea
con, to lunch within the sacred portals of
aristocratic^ Burlingame. Society needed
a first-class, good scandal, and here .was
the opportunity to make one and present
to San Francisco's real people the one
thing they needed to "give, them' that
standing for which they had so . long
strived.
She at once protested against the pres
ence of Mrs. Deacon as prejudicial to the
goodgOrder of San Francisco matrons and
as against the discipline of San Francisco
maids. She was backed in her protest by
those of her own set who were with her,
and the matter finally became so warm that
some of the men of the club approached
Dick Tobin, who is Baldwin's most intimate
friend, and requested him to see Baldwin
and tell him of the state of affairs at the
club, so that he might keep his sister
away and prevent her being subjected to
the Insult and humiliation that would sure
ly be hers as soon as she appeared in the
vicinity of the matron and her supporters.
The men who approached Tobln did so
not because of any objections they them
selves'had to the presence of Mrs. Dea
con, but because they wished •to have
Baldwin warned . and prevent If possible
pain to a woman who has already suffered
more than her allotted share.
; Tobin at once drove out to the Hobart
place in San Mateo and, seeing Baldwin,
acquainted him with the situation at the
clubhouse.
Baldwin was at first thunderstruck at
the news he received. lie could very well
understand that many women would not
care to receive h!s sister after the scan
dal that; had been attached to her name,
but. he could not understand that there
were any so uncharitable H3 to object to
her presence as a guest in a semi-public
place.
'As soon as the matter had been made
plain to him. however, he at once ac
quiesced in the wishes of the matron and
her following and recalled i his order for
lunch .by the same messenger who took
his. resignation as ;a .member of. the club.
"The^ resignation was riot -accepted nor Is
there any likelihood of its ever 'being.
But. those ' who know the 'character of
Baldwin say that the wound he received
through his love for his sister is too deep
to lightly; heal, and, accepted or not, his
resignation "goes,", "and he, will never
again enter the place where : one' of his
family received such an • insult. This is
the story; • now for the aftermath. .
Mrs.: Deacon has already gone East,
and it is only a matter ot a few days bo
fore the Baldwins \ will f0110w.,. As far
as they are concerned- 'the- incident is
closed. But not so with the' rest of the
grandc • monde. , The matter'means tou
much '¦ Importance ..'to 1 the. aspirations of
our!' budding, society to be' lightly cant
aside. Society has been provided with iv
heart's . desire and^ it is makings the most
of the goods the gods and the' matron
have given it: .On- all sides; the episode
Is the one topic of discussion, and strange
to say Mrs. Deacon l» : not the one who is
getting. the- worst of it! .->•¦ '¦.'¦ ¦;\ .-. ; : ..
None.- of those whose opinions \ carry
weight is arrayed against her. Popular
sympathy has been aroused by" the hu
miliation to which she has been subjected,
and. while -the scandal Is ¦ none, the less
potent in the 'effect it^ has oh the prestige
of '. San Francisco's j smart set, , yet" the
matron' is being handled- without gloves
for the part she has played In -lt. : The
TEACHERS WILL PROTEST.
Substitutes Object to the New Board
Reducing Their Salaries.
Substitute teachers in the local depart
ment will not submit to a reduction of
their pay for working days without a
struggle. Under the old rules substitutes
were paid S3 50 a day for their services
when actually engaged in one of the
schools, and were given $1 a day for hold
ing themselves In readiness for such ser
vice when not engaged with a class.
When the new board went into office it
was manifest that some mode for re
trenchment must be sought out. It was
decided to reduce the salaries for the sub
stitutes to $2 50 for working days, this re
duction materially assisting in the effort
,to- prevent the depletion of the school
funa.
Last Friday evening a meeting of the
substitute teachers was held at the'resi
dence of Rose M. Stack. 703 Shotwell
.street, for the purpose of drawing up res
olutions to be presented to the board, pro
testing against the proposed reduction.
The substitute teachers claim that if sal
aries must be reduced an equal reduction
of all salaries should be made. They say
that it Is unjust for the reduction to fall
solely on the substitutes, and point to
the fact that there will soon be a week's
vacation in all schools and six weeks' va
cation in summer, which will greatly re
duce their income for the year, irrespec
tive of any decrease in salary. Resolu
tions were drawn up and signed by the
substitute teachers present.' and many cit
ixens not connected with the department
signified their willingness to sign the pe
tition. The document will be presented
to the board at the next regular meet
ing.
THE Finar.ee Committee of the Boari
of Supervisors has decided that t'.ie
street lights cf San Francisco sha'.l
be put out at least every alternate
night, ;ir.d probably every nigh*, for
four months beginning with March
L The committee insists that the outrage
upon the people of the city is absolutely
necessary as a measure of economy nr.d
that there is no other way In which to ts
cape from the financial difficulty In which
the municipal government is involved. The
members of the committee, as well as the
rest of the Board of Supervisors, are
frank enough to admit that the refuge of
four months of darkness is a menace to
lives and property of the city and an in
jury of great magnitude to merchants an«l
tradesmen. The Jucal legislators agree
that their proposed remedy will Inevitably
hurt the- city in the opinion of visitors,
but they ask blandly what other remedy
can be offered.
The creditors of the city must be paid,
they argue. Salaries must be met anil a
financial muddle cleared away. They have
tried every conceivable scheme, they ln-
Fist, but without success. They are forced
therefore to throw San Francisco iuM
darkness, leave its citizens at the mercy
of eight marauders, injure its business
men and Invite ridicule from other com
munities.
When the Supervisors declare that tl.ey
have canvassed every possible avenue of
escape from a disagreeable predicament
they are mistaken. They have done noth
ing of the sort, and at their very doors,
within their reach and power, is a remedy
to cure the financial evil, raise over SsO.OOO
and leave the city with its indispensable
night lights.
Blame Bests on Dodge.
This remedy has been entirely over
looked by the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors, but It has but
to consult with Assessor Washington
Dodge, urge him or direct him to perform
his duty under the law and the thing is
done. Residents of the outlying district*,
members of the various improvement
clubs who are most vitally interested In
this matter, have urged no reason for
their protest against the shutting off of the
lights. They have shown what an outrage
the measure would inflict upon the city,
but they have not shown how It is to be
avoided. They are to meet the members
of the Board of Supervisors again, r.»l
will have an opportunity to ask questions
which possess at least the virtue of public
interest. *
The Board of S«i>«*rrtsor**«vhich retired
from office In January attempted to ac
comrlish what the present board has en
tirely overlooked. It will be remembered ;
that the appraisers of many large estates
placed upon the property under their.
Jurisdiction values vastly in excess of;
those plaovi upon the same property by-.
Assessor Dodge. The estate of Lloyd
Tevls. for txamplf. or more strictly
speaking, that part of the estate of Lloyd
Tevis which is assessable in this city and
county, was appraised at $3.003.T>43, while
it was assessed only for $76,213. The
estate of William A. Piper was appraised
for $556,000 while it was assessed for $10,
156. In scores of other cases the same re
markable difference between the assess
ment and the appraisement is shown. The
? state of L. P. Drexler was appraised for :
njMla&Si and assessed for practically noth
ing.
Streets Can Be Lighted.
It Is thus evident that many millions of
dollars, at least eight millions and prob
ably tea millions, escaped taxation under
the lasf assessment made by Assessor
Dodge. The sworn testimony of apprais
ers is proof of the fact. The evidence is
clear and the conclusion is inevitable.
This property should be taxed and the law
provide! the method in which the taxes
can b*> collected. Assessor Dodge, who
made his campaign with the ever repeated
boast that he had reduced the taxes of
poor people can take steps at least to give
the people 'he advantage of the law. If
these many millions in property are forced
to bear their just burden of taxation over
S^Q.WW and probably $100,000 can be col
lected and the serious problem which the
Hoard of Supervisors has been trying to
answer will have been solved. - •'
When the gigantic frauds in property
valuations were revealed in the appraise
ment of estates the last Board of Super
visors took steps to induce the Assessor
to place the increased valuation In
Ills taxable roll and demand taxes.
A. CJ. Platt, an expert employed:
by the board. made the sugges
tion after extended investigation ana the
board, calling upon the Assessor to act,
adopted resolutions unanimously. The at
tention of the Assessor was called par
ticularly to the condition of affairs re
vca'.c-d in the appraisements. It was
phown that the city had been cheated out
of thousands of dollars to which it was
entitled, that the rich man and not the
poor man had r scaped taxation. But As
•esor Dodge took no action. He who
hat Ixen so eager to search out the hold
ings of capitalists and corporations was
singularly inactive. Time and again the
Supervisors called upon him to take ac
tion, hut he did nothing.
How the Deficit Can Be Met.
The law on the matter seemed to be per
fectly clear even to the unaerstanding of
a layman. It is a point universally con
ceded that the city can lose nothing In
taxation by fraud or error or omission.
The codes bar« provided against these
r-nntir.etTicifs, as the lollowlng. section
£ESI of the Political Code, will show:
•'OmiKslonK. errors or defects in form
In nnv original or duplicate assessment
book, "when it can be ascertained there
from what JCM Intended, may, with the
written consent of the District Attorney,
be tfupplkd or corr^ct^d by the Assessor
hi any time prior to the (•ale Tor dolin
qtirr.t "taxt-s and affr the original assess
ment w;is made. In the city anJ county
r,f Sr.n Francisco the written (nnwnt of
the dtjr and County Attorney xhal! have
the sam° force and effect as the written
consent of th<* District Attorney."
Inspired and convinced by th.;* la-v tho
Ir.st Hoard of Supervisors directed Asses
sor Dodge to add the appraised nroprri;
to th* a»CHi«ment roll. The Ci ; .y and
bounty Attorney was requested to give
hlf written consent to such proceeiitni:*.
Toon thif point the bxuiH was « unit,
Democr.TtP nnd BrpubUeafwi combining '.n
r urrnimous vote in demand what the
!hw very plainly a!low.-»tl. rtut Anscssot
D<->«V*> wc'ild «1o nothing. He declined
positively to net. City and County Attor
ney T-an*' w:>* pc<»n and said that his •_ > on-
Bont would be pladly eiven whene\*c. As
sessor Drx^ge asked for it. City Attorney
I^nne «31<i not wis.h this consent to be con-
Ftrucrt. however, as an opinion in favor
of the constitutionality of the law. That
prolik-m required <h-ep consideration, he
Kr.i<'. and seme tJme.
Sti'l A miinr Dorl^-e would nit act; but
fin.Mlly he sent hi« rea^on^ for Ills refusal
to ntumpt (tn collect the taxes to the Su
pprvs«or!«. These Vr^a-'ons" .are interest
ing. bee;u:?« they ernJpin nothlnt;. : Dodge
rtated thnt Mine of the oronerty so ap
prsi?f-d might am! nrobably did coxne un"
dor the <lirTtson «>f n<her Assessors. He
wa« Infor.-nc-d thr\t otilv that nnrt of the
Bpnr^i«emrrt v.hlch represented- property
iaxj<l)le in Sar. Frano'oM -h^d been con
sidered. Tlie As^c^cr'" first reason had
ben destroyed fit the flr«t attnek.
City Is Being Cheated.
But the As*o*«>or pleaded that his power
to subytna witnesses la limited to those
SOCIETY STIRRED TO THE CENTER
BY RESIGNATION OF BALDWIN
Tide of Opinion Sets Against Those Who Protested Against
the Presence of Mrs. Edward Parker Deacon Within
the Sacred Portals of Biiriingame.
WHAT RACING GAMBLERS
CAN PLEAD INS DEFENSE
The Evil of Ingleside as It Is Seen in Its
Harvest of Sorrow.
A Petition to Which the Board of Supervisors
Should Give Deep Consideration Before
T how \/flto ¦
SINCE certain members of tne Board of Supervisors have shown an Inclina
tion, to reopen Ingleside. that field of blood which Is stained with the sin
and sorrow of so many of the people of San Francisco, let Ihe worthy
gentlemen who have been chosen to make our municipal laws seek a
justification for their action. Let them demand from the lawyers who are
paid with money niched from thieving hands to plead a- cause which has left
its trail of crime and shame, distress and disgrace, dishonor and death, a reason
for the revival of the thieves' nest and the re-establishment of the poolrooms,
those nurseries of vice and training schools for the penitentiary.
¦ The Supervisors should not deceive themselves nor evade the solemn responsi
bility which Is upon them. The records of the jail, the prison and the peniten
tiary, the silent history of the Morgue, the denunciation of the pulpit and of th<*
press, the protest of men of affairs and of business bear testimony against the
gamblers who would ply again their dreadful trade among . the people of San
Francisco.. The story of .wrecked lives and shattered home,s. the mute evidence
of suicides, the debauchery of men and the ruin of women, which have made
of San Francisco a marked city, are facts which the Supervisors can neither un
derestimate nor Ignore.
Let the men who accepted office as the pioneers and champions of a new and
better San Francisco face the issue squarely. Let them reflect that with the com
ing of Ingleside a wave of crime, traceable directly to the doors of the race
course, swept over this city; that men sacrificed themselves and their families,
giving up the duties that bound them to decent, honorable lives; that young men
robbed their employers, dishonored their families and are paying still their
tribute to gambling thieves by smarting under the stripes of convicts: that busi
ness men were forced to establish a vast system of espionage and had reason to
trust no one in the daily dread of personal injury which the record of crime,
suicide and murder was pointing nearer and nearer to their own doors.
Let the Supervisors reflect upon these facts before they make their decision
and let them be prepared to vindicate themselves before the city which they will
injure. Let them learn from the police that with the passing of Ingleside the
wave of violent deeds passed with It and that as if by ma^lc the social atmos
phere of the city was purified. It was as If a moral pestilence had been removed.
And since the Supervisors have listened with Inclination to the lawyers of
the gamblers let the Supervisors insist that the attorneys state the case plainly
and truthfully, omitting no fact and garbling none. Let the petition of these
men who have been a blight to every community they have infested become a
public record to show those that Indorsed It and be for those that championed
It the badge of their dishonor.
If these lawyers cannot- "frame such a petition, which must be true. The Call
will do so for them and in doing go asks the Supervisors to give to it the'con
sideration they have shown to the thieves of the racecourse. In keeping with
the strict formality which has characterized the affair thus far the petition should
read something like" this:
Whfroa*', The Ingrlealde racing coarse linvlncr proved to have
been the srreatent polluter of pnbllc mnrih In San FrnncUco, havlnsr
mndc embezzler*, thieves, nutcfrtc* and murderer* of honest men. hnv
in.-r Icil men to the commission of deeds of. violence nnd rnscnllty. It
Is *o the best Interests of San Franclaco flint the Insleslde raclnff
eonri»e be reopened.
' .AVherean, The Inprlesldr raclnjc ennr*«* linvlncr caased the follovr-
Irtfx disaster* the Ramblers of the track should be Riven free rein tn
(idil to the roll nnd Tvelarht San Krancfsco 't» Ith neiv dishonor and,
dlstrertst • ' - .-, .• ~; ';' ¦'.'¦¦". ¦'¦ ' '.\
Th«-o«lor»* I'lrcl, confidential bookkeeper, tried for murder and
embcsslement. ... . * •
Isrifec Norton, cashier, embeitzler snd snlcMe.
.... O.\ M.. Welbnrn, Collector of Internal Uevenne, tried, for embcule*
me nt. V
.Innies Rodprers, convicted of eonnterfeltlnir.- t"J>
\V. K. Hoilprers. nervine term tn Srtn Qnentln for counterfeiting.
Stephen itoncnbnnin, cotivlctefl no rt connterfelter.
. '. Dr. Stnrk, sent to.San.Qnriitln for. conhtcrfcltlnjir.
" . Kate Malcomscn. sent to .San Qnentln.for nrsoii. ¦ , .. . : '
William J. Lyons, confidential bookkeeper.*-. embezzler and snlctde.
Kdivnrd Lydon, confidential clerk, embezxler.
" , Jennie Zvrald. confldentlnl bookkeeper, embezzler.
>!. liujn. bookkeeper and embezzler.
Clans Isaksen, secretary, embezzler nnd fnßlttve.
Daniel Lynch, bookkeeper, embezzler and convict.
J. K. Ilnchmnnn. treasurer, embezzler nnd Snn Qnentln convict.
A. C. AVldbcr, City Trensnrer. embezzler and convict In Snn Qaentln.
Hubert Henry, collector, embezzler and nncaptared fugitive.
John Donscherty. secretary. • tried for embezzlement.
Ilernard Ward, accused anil tried for embezzlement.
Oscar Anderson, confldentlnl clerk, embezzler and foultlve.
Captain John M. >*eale, t*. 9. A., embezzler, deserter, fntcltl v«- and an
officer dishonorably dismissed from the service.
Peter McGlnde, bookkeeper of Superintendent of Streets, tried tor
forsery nnd still nnder indictment.
John \V. Jordan, postoftlce employe, robber and San Qnentin con*
vlct.
James D. Pane, ex-Dlatrtct Attorney. forKer, embezzler and con*
vlct.
Mr*. Cordcllf notkln, acensed, tried r.nd convicted of mnnlrr.
. AVbcrcas, It Is not the purpose nor Is It within the ability of
these' petitioners to ennmernte nil of the crimes that have been cansed
by Ineleslde nor to tell of the TrlUesprcad corruption which It and Its
feeders, the poolrooms, have bronclit to this city, nor to relate the
stories of sorrow and sadness, of broken homes nnd shattered lives,
of dishonored officials and disgraced citizens. We therefore petition,
nnd be it
Ilenolvcfl. Thst t*ir Hoard of Supervisor*, reprnen tint; the bent In
terest* of San Kranolspo, elected to grlve it better not n Trorne govern
ment to the municipality, reopen Inple«l«le am n nnnrc for the tvenk and
nnvrnry and re-entaltllnh the poolroom*, that the youth of the city may
he polluted nnil that n nnv Meed of crime be iflirn.
WE NEED NOT BE ROBBED
OF OUR STREET LIGHTS
Supervisors Have a Remedy If They- Choose
to Accept and Use It.
Assessor Dodge Can Be Compelled to Force
Estates to Pay Taxes Out of Which the
City Has Been Defrauded.
a severe cold, which finally settled In his
ear. causing an abscess. He went to the
hospital, where an operation was per
formed. Erysipelas set In and the patient
sank lower and lower until the end finally
came yesterday morning.
! Pages 23 to 32 j
! Pages i 3 to 32 j
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
John H. Downing.boat Curt!s> & Son's King Cotton, 7-5; J. Dean'b
Alamo beat F. Brown's Tammany, 4-2; J.
Dean's Conde beat D. J. Healey's Nicasio, S-2;
P. J. Reilly's Willful Widow beat T. J. Cro
nln's Vixen. 6-5; P. J. Reilly's Moonbrlght beat
P. M. Clarkson's Silver Cloud, 10-6; R. Prln
ple's Bannockburn beat J. 11. Frank's Glen
Anne. 6-5; P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter beat
J. 11. Frank's N'oma, 28-2; Geortce Nethercott's
Frrda <* beat T. J. Cronin's Daisy Dale. 4-1; \Y\
<\ Badror's GlenoHffe beat J. Smith's Lancashire
Lass.- 12-5; F. Pchou's Lady Glenkirk beat W.
C, Badger's Alameda Lad, 4-1; 11. E. B.
Lopez's Crawford Rex beat Georte Nfcther
cott s Floodgate. 6-5; C. B. Charlesworth's
Crawford Lass beat J. A. Klein's Coronado.
19-4: M C. Delano's Thorndale beat D. Rear
don k Motile R. 6-5
Second round-Flower of Gold beat Lady
Hulda, 6-0; Alamo beat Willful Widow, 16-0-
MoonbrlKht beat Conde, 4-3: Golden Garter bern
Bannockburn, 6-0; Freda C beat GlenclifTe, 14-C
Crawford Rex beat Lady Glenklrk, 14-3; Thorn
dale beat Crawford Lass. 10-3.
AT INGLESIDE PARK.
With a balmy atmosphere, fleet grey
hounds and swift-footed hares the day's
sport at Ingle?ide Coursing Park yester
day was all that could be desired. It was
a day for favorites. One notable excep
tion, however, was the course between
H. A. Deckelman's Rocker and D. To
land's Twilight, in which the latter won
with the odds 6 to 1 against. The results
follow: . . ~'-'-V. : ' ¦
F. yon Soosten's Magnet beat E. D. McCor
mark's Valley Forge; Joe i'erry's Commodore
Nash bent J. -McEnroe's Nor' west: W. Stark's
Thunderbolt beat T. LenaVwlg'B Lady Garnett;
Kay Bros." L*ay Ethel beat T. J. McHugh's
Empress; E. M. KellOßßs lowa Maid beat J.
I. O'Brlen'a Good Tim«f>: F. Moran's Bit of
Fashion beat J. Konnlns's Dempaey: W. Per
ry's Campania beat J. O'Shea's Young; Fl
renzi; M. Mtchalek's Old Glory beat Dr. Leon
ard's Master Lawrence; J. McEnroe's Admiral
Sampson beat Kay Bros.' Dudley Diamond; A.
L. Austin's Los Angeles beat Caveney & Joy's
Juliet; J. O'Dowd's Shoot6ver beat R. Strehl's
Three Cheers; T. 1. McHugh'g Moss Rose heat
P. Doyle's Wild Monarch: Connell Bros.' Green
Isle beat T. A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott:
A. , Johnson's Lowlander beat Bartels Bros '
Beer Brewer; T. Butler's Susie beat E. Casser
ly's Silence; M. Dunlea's Erin beat. Kussell.
Allen A- Wilson's ' Charmlnjr. Belle; Captain
Kane's Greenhall beat Connell Bros." Clover:
Connell Nro«.' Log Boy beat D. Byrnes' Mollie
Hozan; J. I. O'Brien's Wanderln* Tom beat
T. Losan's Leah; Rujsell, Allen & Wilson's
Mlfs Penman beat C. E. Wiley's Merry Mon
arch: E. M. . KelloKK's lowa Boy beat J. Mc-
Cormack's Proud Beauty; T. Logan's Miss
Grizxle beat M. Tlernan's Kildare; T. A. Gaft
ney's False Flatterer beat Joe Thrift's Forget;
Joe Thrift's St. Michael beat J. Hagemann'B
Lilly H: W. J. Browninp'B Mountain Belle beat
J. Seceerson's Gold Hill; Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara beat. Frank X. Foley's Alarue: E. M.
Kellors's Ben's Babe beat R." Attrldge's Mas
terpiece; F. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill beat
Connell Bros.' Kllkelly; J. McCormack's Black
Beauty beat H. A.' Deckelman'a Flyaway;
James Dean's Gallant beatConrell Bros.' Mas
ter Morse: D. Toland'g Twilight Jr. beat H. A.
Deekelman's Rocker: Bartels Bros.' Baron
Blood beat 11. A. Deeke'man's Prince George;
J. McNeil's Black Hawk beat F. Lendewig't
White Chief;. A. L. Austin's Firm Foe beat
Connell Bros.' Good-by; Ruskcll.. Allen & Wil
son's Palm Flower beat Kay Bros.' Ada;' Dr.'
Leonard's Mayflower beat H. A. Deckelman's
Snapshot: M. B. Kavanaith's Hard' Line* beat
R. Prinze's Honor Bright :*R. Strehl's .Tlmmfe
Cork heat li. Hoffman's Prairie Boy:* SteTl &
KnnwW Olita beat J." Flower's Keystone: A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan boat G.. Casserly's Lady
Blanche. . ...
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baseball To-Day.
The Koenigs and Golden Gate baseball
nines will play for a purse of $100 and the
entire gate receipts at the Eighth and
Harrison streets grounds this afternoon
at 2 o'clock. This will be the last appear
ance of Billy Kelley before he depart* to
join the Western League. The following
will be the line-up:
Koenigs. Pcsltlcns. Goldea Gates.
Perrtne../. ....Pitcher BuUer
Eagrer '. ratchet .......D. She*
Farry First base..... XMtlon
Coll ins Swond base ; . . .Welch
IX Bodle Third base .:.. Carroll
\V. BrockhofT Shortstop W. Kelley
A. Brockhoft L«ft field. Barry
Hildebrandt Center field Beattoa
McGee Right field Walters
UNLESS the fortunes of coursing go
strongly against Curtis & Son's
greyhound I-.ux.or, the great son of
Skyrocket-Wave should carry off
ell the honors in the John Grace
cup Ktake at Union Coursing Park
tc-day. The preliminary round of this,
the richest stake of the year, was run
yesterday and the followers of coursing
were enabled to get a line on the condi
tion of the dogs", which have all been
given especial preparation for this event.
.Luxor, with IU-gina. ft. from the McEner
ney kernels" Merced, were the third brace
of dogs Flipped. Although the Merced
representative was fast, the San Jose dog
led her ten lengths across the lield. His
easy, frictionless stride told of his superb
condition. He won by a score of 5 points
to 2. his clever opponent doing some work
on the hare.
Many coursing men expressed the opin
ion that, next to Luxor, For Glory, Sterl
& Knowles' diminutive greyhound,
t-hov.e<i the mort speed. Vulcan was in-
FtalK-tl favorite at odds of 5 to 3, but For
titory clearly ouTfoon-d and outpointed
him.
Whitf-head. representing the De Lopez
kennWf. shared the stake favoritism with
l.uinr when betting commenced, but after
his course with Rock Island lioy he re
cedtd m the bettiner. This was the long-
f • t course of the day. the two great dogs
running 1 minute and 25 sec-onus. White
head led to the hare, but let his opponent
In lor several turns and wrenches. At
one time the score was 9 to If, but the
har«» lived long enough for Whitehead
to run up the score to 15 to U in his favor
at the Kill. Tlie white and black dog
showed great speed, and his bulldog cour
age may carry him muf'i farther into the
stake to-day than some of the persons
who saw him run yesterday think possi
ble after his long run.
Of the thirty-six greyhounds still in the
Flake and which will run to-day, only
three have never won a stake. As all
have undergone special preparation lor
this competition, the bettors are all at
fta on nearly every course. In the long
odds book Luxor is favorite at 2 to 1.
U'hltehead closed atStol last night, Chi
cago Boy 0, Beacon C. Bone 8, Sisquoc,
Flora McDonald. Mac's Melody, Conne
rnara. Koyal Klush and Young America
10; Cavalier IS, Worship and Forest King
2<) and Master Clair 2S. A short course
or a severe one will shift these odds im
mediately, and in the thirty-six courses
to be contested before the deciding round
Is reached this afternoon almost anything
in the nature of a surprise may happen.
Beacon led Lexington nearly ten lengths
and then fell, recovering himself in lime
to win. Silier Lyon beat Sweet Emma
at odds of 1 to 4; Clara Barton beat J.
L: H. at 1 to 3. Royal Anne beat Lady
Clare at the same odds after an unde
cided. The brace of dogs ran as if cou
pled together. Sir Pasha, a promising
puppy, beat Motto at 1 to i One of the
greatest courses ever seen on the field
¦was between Bohe and Crawford Braes.
Bohe winning. They ran head and head
throughout. Crawford Lad and RollicK.
ing Airs also ran a great course, both
being first and nearly equal in speed. P.
J. Reilly's Warship showed ihe way, to
Twin City Girl. Lowe & Thompson's
Flora McDonald pcrfoiTiiins v. like ser
vice for Gladiator.
Seven wonderful puppies remain in the
V,(Ue Brandon cup stake, two rounds of
which were disposed *>{ yesterday morn
ing. All those left are great youngFt«?rs.
but Freda C. Crawford Rex and Thorn
dale are pronounced the most promising
of them. Freda C and Crawford Rex ar«
trained in the l>opez kennels, but are en
tered by different owners. This will bring
these two great youngsters together in
th*>ir first course to-day, and one or the
ether will then be retired from the com
petition. Tho young dogs showed excel
lent sport In their running.
The attendance yesterday was much
larger than the usual Saturday crowd.
Ymt the crush ;s expected to-day, when
the interesting part of the competition
will I,p reached. The transportation fa
cilities have been increased. Special trains
will run to the park at 10:35. 11. 12. l and
2- p. m. The cars of the £an Mat«»o elec
tric line will so through to the park on
sl six-minute schedule. The d>tail.Hl re.
suits of the running yesterday, with th*
official scores by Judge John Grace, fol
low:
John Grace Ohalierg* Cup— Rupt^ll. Allen &
Vrttam** B*ll* Clair beat R. li, Taylors Iteauty
£pot. 6-3: rurtlx & Mori's Beacon heat H.
Lmch's Lexington. U-Z: Curtis & Son's Luxor
beat I. J- M«-lncrn*y'« U»xinii Tl. .'.-2; Curtis &
fcon'» <"afh btat D, J. Healry^e Maori I-,and,
STEADY IS THE HAND
OF THIS MARKSMAN
COAST REVOLVER RECORD MADE BY C. M. DAISS.
The fifty-shot revolver match be
tween C. M. Daiss and F. O. Young
at the meeting of the' Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club at Harbor View range
last Sunday is deserving of more
than passing notice, as Mr. Dalss
broke the coast record on both the
Columbia and Creedmoor counts. In
the target the eight-Inch
bullsey'e of the Creedmoor target is
preserved, hence the record made by
the local marksman stands on each.
In the match he defeated Mr. Young
by several point?, * each shooting .44
Russian model target revolvers at
fifty yards. Dalss' individual shots,
Columbia count, were the following:
7— S— 7— l— 2— S— 4— 4— &— 3 50
4-11-1-5-2-6-5-9-5-3 51
4—6—5—5—2—6—6—5—6—6 51
5-7-5-4-11— 7— 7-6-3-7 62
5—5 — S — 8 — 5 — 9—9 — 5 — 7—7 — 1 — 5—35 — 3 59
Total number of rings 273
The Columbia count gives 273 rings
and the Creedmoor count 246 points
out of a possible 250, only 4 out of the
50 shots being outside the eight-Inch
ring. This Is the best 50-shot record
on the coast, and it was only beaten
by Anderton. the Eastern shot, who
made ¦ forty-eight bullseyes recently.
In the third score all of Dalss' shots
were 6 or better, which shows the en
tire 10 were inclosed in a ring six
Inches In diameter. This Is a difficult
performance even with a target pistol
of small caliber. Young's score in the
match totaled 309 Columbia target
count and 240 Creedmoor count.
Japan's Minister to Russia.
WASHINGTON. 1 Febi'24— The Japanese
Minister to the United/ States, Jutaro
Komura, has been notified .by cable from
Japan of his appointment as Minister to
Russia. He will leave for St. Petersburg
about April 15. .
RADIYAX'S BKADV KELIf bu stood
unrivaled before the public for SO year* •• a,
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and qutekly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgrta.
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
lor Malaria and ail Bowel Fains. All druggist*.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men. ,
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most rersarX-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood toot
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who writ©. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that"
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural function* and has been an absolute
Euccess In all crses. A request to tha
State Medical Institute. 32S - Electron
building, Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching th«t
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, 'nd tha {res
sample will enable them to see- how mjv
it is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. Thr»
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will IO sent a free sample.
carefuly sealed In a plain package. «o
that Us recipient need have no rear ot
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ar»
requested to write without delay. -
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
NOTABLE EVENT IN
PATRIOTIC CIRCLES
Letters From President McKinleyand
United States Senator Bard—Sen
timents by Local Speakers.
The banquet given on the evening of
Washington's birthday by the California
Society, Sons of the American Revolution,
was one of the most interesting events
in the history. of the society. One hun
dred and fifty compatriots and guests as
sembled at the Merchants' Club and after
the dinner listened to eloquent and patri
otic sentiments."
The vice president, "W. H. Jordan, pre
siding officer of the function, had the
pleasure of presenting distinguished and
able speakers to entertain the company.
J. C. Currier, chairman of the banquet
committee, read letters and telegrams
from other societies of the same organiza
tion. The President of the United State 3
and United States Senator Bard expressed
regret that they could not attend and par
ticipate. President McKinley sent the
following letter:
Executive Mansion.
„ WASHINGTON. D. C. Feb. 10, 1900.
My Dear Sir— l have the cordial invitation
which you, on behalf of the California So
ciety. Sonti of the American Revolution, have
been good enough to extend to me to attend its
annual banquet, February 22 next Enlace
ments already made will prevent me from send
ing nn acceptance.-
J Please express to those who may be present
at the. -banquet my regret at being unable to
be with them on this occasion and my heart y
congratulations and b«st wishes. Very sincere
\y iours. WILLIAM McKINLEY
Mr. John C. Currier. Chairman, etc San
Francisco, Cal. . . . - r~
Hpn. Thomas R. Bard, United Stateo
Senator, sent the following response/
V' SACRAMENTO, Feb 6 1900
John C. Currier. Esq.. San Francisco Cal-
Dear Sir: I regretted exceedingly havlmf to
wire you that It would not be practical* for
me to be present at the annual banquet of thl
California Society of the Sons of the Vrnerican
Revolution. It would have afforded m? g re «
pleasure to be at the gathering of tnosf ?n
whose veins flow the blood of those who rf.vl^
their lives in the founding of the Inh k 1
would have felt. at home? a« . I- myself am the
futTon" Ot an American officer*!* the ret^!
It is a. good thing by «uch an association
r,v e =i. ssssssr iis
S™yf 1O Bymp<lth y wltI » thCobjecu of the
As I intimated, I cannot arrange to be nr««
Please tender my thanks to the society
Yours very truly, THOMAS R BARD
Har^Unn &O& OI SMS M ? S "? I ?. s . ll L ent Benjamin
Harrison. \\. Reward Webb and Will'am
M. Bunker were read. Telegrams from
°J e f °" fu nd Ar .izona societies were receh£
? d ' to ? eth er with letters of congratulation
Amon^.T 1 f^'fation* in California"
r» m n£F u^ e in , vU ™ d *^ ests were: John
D o^ P^ Ck xl l! V. asla 5l *1; de youn *. General
John B. BabcoeV U. S. A.. Colonel Mld
dleton of the \\ashington Society. Major
H. L. Haskell. New York Society. Colonel
Parnell. Loyal Legion, and Commander
Henry Glass of the Order of Foreign
Wars. ' ,
The 1 principal speakers of the. evening
were:- Rev. Dr. F. W. Clampett. Trinity
Church. Consul General Ho Vow, Harry
Melvin and Professor Dunlway," Stanford
University. The. company was Instructed
by the speeches. Frank Thompson sang
for the -entertainment .of the : guests and
compatriot*
WATCHING THE DOGS RUN.
THE PRELIMINARY ROUNDS OF
THE JOHN GRACE CUP STAKE AND
THE BELLE BRANDON CUP WERE
RUN YESTERDAY AT UNION COURS
ING PARK. THESE ARE THE TWO
CLASSIC EVENTS ON THIS LEASH
MEN'S CALENDAR, AND ATTRACT
OWNERS AND THEIR GREYHOUNDS
FROM ALL OVER AMERICA. THE
BEST DOGS WILL STRUGGLE TO
DAY FOR THE VALUABLE PRIZES.
Association Football.
¦ The visltii>gr team of association foot
ballers from the Mountain Copper Com
pany at Keawic'k, Shasta County, played
a match yesterday afterno6n against the
Vampire eleven of this city at the Pre
sidio athletic grounds. After a close and
hard game the visitors won by 2 goals to
1. The kick-off was at 3:15 and after ten
minutes' play Wyndham scored for Kes
wick. During the rest of the first half
the home team had the best of the game,
Dug&an almost scoring a goal by a fine
shot, which struck the crossbar and
bounced over it. A little later Chambers
put the ball through cleverly and evened
up the score. During the second half
both teams made every effort to
score, and just before tho whistle blew
Connolly succeeded in making a goal. The
game was not so fast as the one played
against Oakland on Thanksgiving day.
For the Vampires O\Rourke, Duggan,
Coles and Robertson rendered good ser
vice, while for Keswick Donald and Con
nolly played the best defensive game.
Bridge, Wyndham and Jenkins played a
good forward game tor the visitors. E.
M. Hunter, the ¦. well-known Oakland
Championship Tennis.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— The national In
door lawn tennis championship was won
to-day by J. A. Allen, the champion of
Yale, who defeated Calhoun Cragin, the
Seventh Regiment champion.
. One of the best matches of. the day wa3
the final of the championship doubles, H.
li. Hackett and J. A. Allen, the Yale arid
Western champions, meeting J. P. Paret
and Calhoun Cragin.- The -match, how
ever, was unfinished. Summaries:
Championship singles,' final round— Allen de
feated Cragin, 6—l, I—6, 6— 4. 6— 3.
Championship doubles, final Tound (unfinished)
— Hackelt and Allen v vs. Paret and Cragin, .—5,
5—7.5 — 7. •¦ ' ' ¦• * ' ' ¦
Alamedans Defeated.
STOCKTON, Feb. 24.— The basket-ball
game played ' here to-day between the
young ladles of the Alameda High School
and the Stockton High School was won
by the Stockton team by a score of 9 to 0.
The umpires were chosen by Alameda and
were Miss Farno and Miss Stover. The
other officials were chosen by Stockton.
The attendance at the game was large.
Santa Clara Defeated.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 24.—
The University of California baseball team
defeated the Santa Clara College boys on
.the Stanford campus this afternoon bjs a
score of 7 to 4. The university men did
their scoring in the first four innings,
5-0; Erwin & I-yon's Silver Lyon beat E. M.
Kollocgs Sweet Emma, 3-*; J. H. Rossetera
Recording Angel beat J. J. Edmonds' Morning
Glory 4-2: J. H. Rosseter's Emm Pasha beat
J. L Rom' Jesslra, 4-3; Hall &. Newell's Clara
Barton bent J. L. Ross' J. L. R., 5-4; D. J.
Healey's Sipquoc beat H. H. Gray's Rona, 3-2;
J. H.'Rosseter'n Royal Ahne beat D. J. Hea
ley's I.aily Clare, 6-0; Curtis & Son's Cavalier
beat Maher & Reid's Bad Boy. 8-1; CL I. Ar>
lileby's Sir Pasha beat F. A. McComb's Motto,
3-1; ' Russell. Allen & Wilson's MaHter Clair
heat J. R. Smith's Magic. 3-t; Bartels Bros.'
Mac's Melody beat Gus Abercrombie's Victor
King, S-4; Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island King
beat Maher & Reid's I'ncle Fuller. 10-6; F. A.
McComb's Royal Flush beat Connell Bros.'
Mamie Pleasant, R-2; J. H. Perlgo's Bone beat
C. B. Charlesworth's Crawford Braes, 8-2; P. J.
Reiily's Royal Union beat Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist. "-'.; N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony
beat Connell Bros.' St. Helen. 4-2: P. J. Rellly's
Warship beat B. Handy's Twin City Girl, 7-4;
Lowe & Thompson's Flora McDonald beat J.
Watklns' G'.adiator. K-l; N. P. Whiting's Min
reola beat P. Horgan's Manila. 10-1; J. Sheri
dan's Forest King beat J. H. Harrison's Hot
Haste. 4-3; J. Dean's Connemara beat It. K.
Malcolm's Aeneas. 34-5; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Chicago Boy bent H. Lynch's i^ottie M,
3-2; J. O'Shea's Young America beat Erwln A:
I-yon's May Queen, 12-1: Curtis & Son's Maud
H beat J. McEnroe's Stonehenge. 3-1; E. M.
Kellogg's Kid McCoy beat Curtis & Sen's Van
ity Fair, 11-:.: J. H. Rosseter's Rollicking Airs
1 eat R. K. de B. Uor>ez's Crawford ImA. 3-1:
K. Geary's Ireland teat T. .T. Mclnerney's
Nora. 6-2: George Whitney's Theron beat Cur
tis & Son'B Flying Fox. C-l: R. K. de B. Lo
pez's Whltehead beat Gus Abercrombie's Rock
Island Boy, 15-10; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory
beat Curtis /k Son'e Vulcan. 7-4; Lowe &
Thompson's St. Oran beat D. Ersklne's Laven
der. €-3; Curtis k .Son's Narcissus beat J. 11.
Perigo's Controller, 3-1; J. P. Thrift's Brutus
teat P. J. Reilly's Plourhboy. 4-1.
B^lle Brandon Challenge Cup- J. A. Klein's
I^ady Hulda beat C. B. Charlesworth's Ben
Lomond, 11-9; P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold
CKISIS HAS BEEN REACHED.
Important Changes Suggested in tha
Methods and Management of
Mechanics' Institute.
The following circular has been Issued
to the members of the Mechanics' Insti
tute:
The afTalr* of the institute require your at
tention. The present conditions are not" satis
factory. There Is loss in membership, god de
crease in library receipts. The fairs have
ceased to be a source of revenue. The cost of
maintaining the outside properties for the last
five years has exceeded the receipts from them.
These conditions call for a radical change of
policy and more progressive managements W«
favor a change In the system of election of
trustees. We believe the preferential method
has been sufficiently tested. It has failed to se
cure any practical benefit to the institute and
should be discarded. We believe the . library
should be recognized as the most Important
work -of the institute, li ahoulJ. be -better -sus
tained, better housed and protected. . The out
side properties should be so managed as to pro
duce an income. . W.e hays consented, and agreed
to' work together to place the business of the In
stitute upon a paying hasls: ainA we ask ycur
Jjelp. We a«k you tr> showr;frour- trAintfX ftr-Uv*
"affafrs of the institute by enminsr to the"T><TlT3
and voting, so that we may know if our purptSa
has your approval and support. . .- .¦ "•
The election will be held Tuesday. February
27, at 31 Pest street.. The polls will be open
from 11 a.' m. to 9 p. m.
Samuel C. Irving. L. R. Mead, H. L.. Tlck
ner, George H. Waltls. (Vorge Beanston. James
K. Cosgrave, William Curlett, candidates for
trustees.
Sensational Contests Mark the Coursing for John Grace
Challenge Trophy at Union Park.
FLEET GREYHOUNDS RUN
FOR VALUABLE STAKES
GEYSER NOT
AMONG THE
FIRST THREE
Handicap \at Tanforan Wen
by R W. Brode, With ,
Zoroaster Second.;
The greatness of Corrigan's Geyser Is
fast disappearing like snow - under . the
rays of a tropical sun. , He is .nothing
more nor less than a- fair sprinter, and by
no means a "phenom" at that. His many
victories in soft spots made to order for
him actually caused many to believe the
gelding another Hanover, and with 121
pounds and Spencer' in the saddle Corri
gan's pet was installed favorite for the
mile and afurlong handicap at Tanforan
Park yesterday. Gay Tommy Burns had
the pleasure of riding the winner in F.
W. Brode. .The Schorr three-year-old
shouldered IC3 pounds and In a desperate
duel with Zoroaster, piloted in masterly
fashion, won by a head in the remark
ably fast time of l:52Vi.
The running the first part was shaped
out entirely by Potente. trailed by Geyser.
In the stretch the latter "dogged it badly,
while Potente fought it out gamely, finish
ing a close third. Zoroaster, packing
Henry and 113 pounds, ran a remarkable
race, for he was cut off at the start, losing
half a dozen lengths. Had the distance
been a trifle farther the little fellow
would havo won as it was, for Brode was
a very tired horse. Advance Guard ran
a wretched race.
Everything favored the sport, ¦ the
weather being warm and balmy and the
track in perfect condition. The crowd,
though, was far below the -customary
Saturday gathering in point of numbers.
Five of six favorites were ruthlessly
slaughtered, the talent having away the
worst of the argument with the books.
.One of the very warmest things un
corked in some time was Pirate J, which
took the second event, a five furlong
scramble, from a big field of platers. The
colt is said to belong to Willie Martin,
and from 8 hjs price was hammered down
to 6 to 5. Piggott had the mount and in
front soon after the start won very han
dily from Formatus. with Isaline third.
The ring, lost heavily to the race.
Barney Schreiber's fi!!y Sofala displayed
her old-time form in the two-year-cM
scramble. Corrigan's youngster W. F.
Tarpey went to the post favorite over her,
and she had the race won from the start,
stepping the four furlongs off in 48 sec
onds flat. Moonbright took the show fiom
Raveling, the only other starter.
Monita, ridden by McKcnna, capture!
the mile and a quarter hurdle handicap
at -odds of" 8 to 1. Corrlgan's jumper
Schreiber made the running and lookec! a
winner up to the last obstacle, where he
fell back. Monita had the most left at the
end. winning cleverly from Durwarc*.
L.omo. the favorite, seemed afflicted wiiii
intermittent bursts of speed, finishing a.
close third. ¦ -
The fifth race, a six-furlong sprint, was
responsible for many hot tips. Sevens
started for the first time this season, an 1
with Bullman in the saddle had her odds
played down from 2 to 1 to A to 5. Rev
Hooker was. also .well supported. Sewns
showed first into the stretch but couM not
stay. As Duke of York and Gold Baton
were fighting it out Ross, astride the 13 to
1 shot Inverary. came with a rush, beat
ing both hands down.
Beaten In slow time earlier in the week
with Spencer on his back. Formero took
the last number, at six furlongs, in fast
time. Eddie Ross had the leg up oir Willie
Sink's horse, and in a hard drive got the
verdict over Pompino by a nose. Imp.
Clonsilla.'' the even money choice, was
landed in the show by Spencer.
SEASONABLE SPORTS
CITY GOLF
GIRLS WIN
CLEVERLY
The Ladies' Home-and-Hcmc
Team Match Played Yester
day on Presidio Links.
THE SAN FKANGISGO CAEL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
18
CASCARETS. Surprising, isn't it. tlvet within three years our " X
salfs are over 5,000.000 boxes a year? That prores merit. Casca- S
rets do good for so many others, that we urpc you to try just a 10c • W
box. Don't put it off . Do it today. " * if
jf^*daL^£s CANDY CATHARTIC S
/ \Vhen you ask for Cascarets, don't let the dealer substitute some- ft
<a thing else. There is nothing else as pood as Cascarets, and if you, 'j. Ci
f) are not pleased we pay your money back. 10c, 25c, 50c, all drug-'-] «
* cists. Sample and booklet free. • Address Sterling Remedy Co.; <n
<j| Chicago or New York. * *
| Best for the Bowels I
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
gfc i:a V4SXS7 :r. tit. &&?.*. :.r.w. ,
Gf The Larfmt Aaitomieat Museum m tße
World Wca«ner»es cr »ny toiwritte'i j
ECM diKisc V"*itl*ri7 rmtfd ny the ouw»t
Jg9l bp-UilisCca the Cciit Eitjiy^"* w
4S3?y I cr. jcrdam-priyate diseases 3
¥ (T»ft» f_<M«u!Mtion free nod mi'Vy pmiW \
I i#&zß T " '""«•« personally or b/ letter. A f
S flr X| II i"B* ft*« £W« in cierycas* undertake*. '
r» ll» Whrefw B«4. rBH-OSOPB* t« 4
\1 1 x*iini%ct, muled ritss- <•' X
Q ii, »alu»blo book for mrai m
OR JORDA3T A CO, 1051 ilartetSCS. r W
(Copyright, 19W. by H. H. Ecbert.)
TANFORAX PARK, Saturday.' February 24. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
s:JH. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Time Vi. :23?4; M, :iS. Good start. A\ on easily, second and third driving. Winner. B.
Schrelber's eh. 1., by Balgovvan-Spozla. Sofa la came out fresh and fast after her vacation.
Tarpey ran his race.
Hlii). SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; purse, 5100
Time— H. :12>4; %, :36Vi; ?4. l:01U. Good sta»t. Won first three driving. Winner, M. Drisu
cell's b. c, by Imp. Pirate of Penzance-Wrong. A considerable delay at the post did not
worry Pirate; he is fast at the distance. Formatus a supposed good thing also. Coming
Event run his race. Bagdad later on. Scratched— Firelight II 114.
540. THIRD RACE— MiIe and an eighth; handicap; thrre-year-olds and Upward; purse, $1000
Time— ',4. :13; % :3S: % l:02Vi: "». I'.Zihi; mile, 1:33%; l%m. lu'2'i. .Good start except
Morlnel. Won first three driving. Winner, J. F. Schorr's eh. c. by Cayuga-Prosperity.
Zoroaster cut off at start losing much ground; he would have won in a few more Jumps.
Brode ran a game and grand race. Geyser pocketed last part. Advance Guard poorly rid
den. Scratched— Boundlee 85. Weller 97, Topmast 100. 'Coupled with Zoroaster. •-•-¦
IH4J.. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a quarter; hurdle; hdep.; 4-year-olds & up; purse. $400.
Time— 2:l9'i. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, M. -11. Schwartz's' b. g., by
St. Savlour-Nleht Hawk. »Coupled with Monita. Monita was best. Schretber yuit.
Scratched— P.anldo 125. ¦ _ . . . ' ' ' ¦
542. FIFTH RACK— Six furlongs; welling; four-year-olds and upward; -purse. $400.
.Time— M, :2iM,; %, :48; ?i. I:H\4. Good -.start* ¦ -Won easily, second and third driving. Winner,
Sunset Stable's br. g., by imp. Inverness-Miss Darebln. Inverary was. going away at the
close. • Sevens needed a race. Rey^lj^okPrstopped^^Senora. Caesar ran an awful race. i
JviTLsiSTruitACE— SlxfurTongsT selling; four- year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Time— X. ,:ZZ%: 44. . :47%: %, 1:13%. Good start. Won . first three driving.. Winner, .W. B.
Sink ' Jr.'s eh. c.,' by Imp. ' Conveth-Formoso. Winner turned a somersault. Clonsilla should
have done better. Scratched— Captive 112, Torsina 10Z • .
24
GOLF-BASEBALL
COURSING-RACING
while Kelly was in the box for Santa
Clara. California did consistent work
throughout the game, especially at the
bat. Kaarsburg outpitched his opponents,
striking out ten men and walking but two
men. Santa Clara lost herehances of vic
tory early In the game through costly
errors.
SEVEN FAVORITES LOSE.
Disastrous Day for the Talent at New
. Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. . 24.— Favorites
faced another day of bad luck to-day and
not one of seven finished first. Himtime
was warmly backfd to win the stake
event, the Speed handicap, but finished
outside the money. There was a mix-up
In. the last sixteenth of the sixth race, and
El Derim, which finished second, was dis
qualified. Results:
Seven furlonsrs, selling— The Sluggard won.
Agitator second. Jodee third. Time, l:3o'i.
Half a mile — Erema won. Anxious second, Ben
Mamen third.- Time, :49'/i. ;
Handicap steeplechase, short course — Voya
geur won. Jack Hayes second, Al Reeves third.
Tlmi-. 3::»! 2 .
The Speed Handicap, six furlongs— Triaditza
won. Gold dOr second, Magsle Davis third.
Time. l-.UYi.
Mile and a half, sellinsr— Pat Garrett won.
Nailer second. False Lead third. Time, 2:3SH.
" One mile. Belling— Matt Simpson won. Jennie
F second. Clarence B third. Time. 1:42^. El
Derim finished second, but was disqualified.
Six furlongs, selling— lnlook .won, Dominls
s*cond, Jamaica third. Time, 1:15%.
Pole Vaulting Record Broken.
ANN ARBOR, Mien.. Feb. 24.— Charles
E. Dvorak of Chicago to-night broke the
world's indoor record for pole-vaulting by
one inch, vaulting 10 feet 10 inches at the
University of Michigan Gymnasium.
player, officiated as referee. The line-up
of the teams was as follows:
Keswick.. Positions. Vampires.
Rdbortß. Goalkeeper <JV!i>?
Donald Back Robertson
Connolly Brink O'Rnnrke
Hose Halfback McGa w
Bridge Halfback Duggran
famobell Half buck Williamson
Peacock Forwnrd Cu»Wy
Murtd Forward .Holland
Wyndham..: Center ...........White
Jenkins ....Forward Chambers
Coles Forward McDermld
A team of eight ladles of the San Frar..
Cisco Golf Club met a team of the sairw
number of fair golfers of the Oakland
club yesterday on- the Presidio links in a
home-and-home match over eigrhteen holes
and defeated them 23 up. Miss Alice Mof
fltt, the Oakland captain, played a goo<l
game, beating: her opponent. Miss MaW
Mulllns. 6 up. This* gain was much morn
than offset by Miss Mary Scott, who
scored 11 up against Mrs. \V. P. Johnson.
Miss' Sarah Drum and Miss. Alice Hoff
man each scored 1 up against their oppo
nents. The Presidio course is in excellent
condition, the fair green being covered
with springy turf and the greens bein^
fast. The details of the match axe gtveu
herewith:
OAKLAND.
Mrs H. VL Sherwood o
Miss Alice Moffltt «
Mrs. L* G. C. Tlbbetts „ \
Mrs. W. P. Johnson o
Miss "W Havemeyer „ o
Mlsb Lucy Mofr.tt „ -j
Mrs. P. E. Bowles ; a
Miss Palmer t
Total - I,
SAX FRAXCISCO,
Miss Alice Hoffman 7
Miss Maud Mullina .— o
Mrs. R. Q. Brown '. 0
Miss Mary Scott '. 11
Miss Caro Crockett : ' I
Miss Sarah Drum " 7
Miss Maud O'Connor '. £»¦ 5
Miss Mai Moody ~ t>
Total »
The second haJf of the match will b*»
played next Saturday on the Oakland
links. The two scores will then be adde«l
and the winners will take the trophy
which has been provided by the two clubs.
On Friday, March 2. at 10 a. m., thera
will be a ladles* handicap over eighteeeh,
holes on the Presidio course for a prlra
offered by Mrs. Henry T. Scott. The tour
nament is open to all members of the San
Francisco Golf Club and the entries closjj
at noon Thursday. March 1.
Index. Horse.
I
Weight. l^t jr
Vim;
Hm.
%m.
Sti\_
Fin.
[ Jockeys.
I Bettlnif.
jOp- Cl.
776 fiofala
(80.1) M. F. Tarpey.
791 Moonbrlfcht ..
833 Raveling ......
105 "%
103 2
103 3
98 4
1 3
: 5
3 6
4
1 2 •
2 4
3 8
4
1 4
2 2
3 8
4
Bullman .....
Spencer
Henry .:......
J. Martin... .
.. 8-5 6-5
.. 3-5 7-10
.. 20 40
.. 20 75
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
... Pirate J 117 3
fc2o Formatus 114 fi
820 Isaline 112 S
820 Coming Event 112 4
S3O Red Cherry 112 1
789 Bagdad 114 11
808 Artllla 112 10
797 March Seven 112 9
SCO Glocoao 114 8
7SB Tom Sharkey 114 12
S2O Morella 112 13
.... Castlso ..119 7
€S Palatine 114 2
*4m.
...
Km.
13
4 Vt
5 hi
¦ 13 '
11
*im.
14
3 h
4 1 '
12
13
Str.
Fin . | Jockeya. 1 1
12 PlKKOtt
2 2 Tullett
3 V,i Henry
4 b T. Wplsh
5 1 E. J0ne5.......
6 2 Klley
7 3 Spenrer ...;...
8 1 H. Stuart
» 1 Morgan
10 2 K. K05d........
11 1 J. Martin......
12 Hennessey ....
13 Kellas
|Op.
8
15
8-5
6
3
S
7
12
20
IS
20
20
20
3-2
10
. 3
8
25
S
30
50
100
Index. Hor»e. Age. Welght.|St.
S2B F. W. Brode, 3 1031 1
(82S) Zoroaster, 4 118 5
<S24)'Potente, 5 115 2
,S2S Geyser. C 121 3
805 Advance Ouard. 3.. 100 6
810 Dalny F. 6 W5 4
807 Morinel, 5. 104 Lett
_!'? m - m - m - Str -
¦~3"iJ 3 1 2 1 In
52 '51 <4 2n
IP 12 11 3h
21 2n 31 41
666 5 1
4 2 4 14 5 1 6
Fin.
1 h
2 1
3 h
4 h
5 3
6 •
| Jockeys. |Op. C).
T. Burns 6 3
Henry 8-5 5-2
T. Walsh 5 7
Spencer 7-3 6-.1
J. Martin • •; •
E. Robs.. S 6
Bullman 15 30
Index. ilorte. Age. Weight. |dt.
.SO3 Monlta. a 145 1
818 rhirward, 6 135 3
-.881 Liomo, 6 145 5
(78?) Schrrlber, 5 .135 4
*03 Rio Chlco. 4 .130 fc
831 University, a 127 6
... Viking. G 144 2
... Silverado, a .. 127 7
Km. >
5 li
3 3
4h
1 h
6 2
2 1
¦ 7
Fell
Mm.
5 S
2 3
3 H
11
6 10
4 1
4«m.
4 2
2 I
3 2
1 h
6 15
6 1
7
Str.
4 1
2 1,
3 h
5 1
6 40
Fin. | Jockeya. |Op. d.
1 1 McKpnna 5 8
2 n Johnson •6 • 4
5 2 DinKley ....... 11-5 * B-2
4h Hennessey ... -2' 3
6 ',4 McAulilTe .... 5-2 4
6 50 * Moody '.. • 6 12
7 ¦ Hanna ..v. .... - • •
... (Lenhart ....... 8-30
Index. ¦ Hone." Age. W<?lcht.|St. __
. 831 Inverary 11, 5. ...... 109 5
670 Duke of York 11. 6.112 1
806 Oold" Baron, 4...... 106 7
... Rey Hooker. 4 .....109 2
.:. Sevens, 4 104 3
(778) Melkarth. 5 ........105 4
821 Chns.' V* Bel. 5. ...109 6
<836) Senora Caesar. 4.. .104 8
Km.
>i m. %m.
5~2 5 1
2 V 4 2 1
4 1 3 ' ;
f- 3 1 42 ¦
1 l\i 1 1
6 2 Jl,
71 7 3
8 8
Strr
1 h
2 h
; 3 3
51®
: 4 tf
6 1
7 6
8
" Fin. ¦ | Jockeys. |Op. m Cl.
13 E. Boss ;:. 6 15
2 % PlgKOtt ....... 6 10
• '34 Henry..'... 8 ' 15
¦¦'. 4 h E. Jcnes 5 4
sh. Bullman 2 4-S
« H Ranch ..: 6 15
710 Morgan 3 10
8 Tullett 5-8 7
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St. V*m. Hm.
f37 Formero, 4 109 3 ... 5 2
(765) Pompino. 4 .. 106 5 ... 2h
751 Imp. Clonstlla. 5..U07 1 ... 3 %
(77J) Fausturo. 4 ..109 4 ... 1 2;
798 Grand Sachem' 5. ..109 6 ... .6"
786 Mafada . a. ...........112 3 ... 4 2
%m.. Str. ¦ Fin. | Jockeys.- - jOp. Cl.
4 1 3Vt . Ins E. R055.. ...... 6 7
24 2h2H Henry ......... 5-2 2
. 3 1 4 5 3 1 Spencer ..;.... . i: : , 1
1 i\i 1 h :4 4 Bullman ..:... r 3 6
6 ,51 55 T. Wa1eh...... 10 15
"5 1-.- 6 6 - Hennessey'.... ¦20 "*5O
Index. Horse.
I
Weight. l^t jr
Vim;
Hm.
%m.
Sti\_
Fin.
[ Jockeys.
I Bettlnif.
jOp- Cl.
776 fiofala
(80.1) M. F. Tarpey.
791 Moonbrlfcht ..
833 Raveling ......
105 "%
103 2
103 3
98 4
1 3
: 5
3 6
4
1 2 •
2 4
3 8
4
1 4
2 2
3 8
4
Bullman .....
Spencer
Henry .:......
J. Martin... .
.. 8-5 6-5
.. 3-5 7-10
.. 20 40
.. 20 75
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
... Pirate J 117 3
fc2o Formatus 114 fi
820 Isaline 112 S
820 Coming Event 112 4
S3O Red Cherry 112 1
789 Bagdad 114 11
808 Artllla 112 10
797 March Seven 112 9
SCO Glocoao 114 8
7SB Tom Sharkey 114 12
S2O Morella 112 13
.... Castlso ..119 7
€S Palatine 114 2
*4m.
...
Km.
13
4 Vt
5 hi
¦ 13 '
11
*im.
14
3 h
4 1 '
12
13
Str.
Fin . | Jockeya. 1 1
12 PlKKOtt
2 2 Tullett
3 V,i Henry
4 b T. Wplsh
5 1 E. J0ne5.......
6 2 Klley
7 3 Spenrer ...;...
8 1 H. Stuart
» 1 Morgan
10 2 K. K05d........
11 1 J. Martin......
12 Hennessey ....
13 Kellas
|Op.
8
15
8-5
6
3
S
7
12
20
IS
20
20
20
3-2
10
. 3
8
25
S
30
50
100
Index. Hor»e. Age. Welght.|St.
S2B F. W. Brode, 3 1031 1
(82S) Zoroaster, 4 118 5
<S24)'Potente, 5 115 2
,S2S Geyser. C 121 3
805 Advance Ouard. 3.. 100 6
810 Dalny F. 6 W5 4
807 Morinel, 5. 104 Lett
_!'? m - m - m - Str -
¦~3"iJ 3 1 2 1 In
52 '51 <4 2n
IP 12 11 3h
21 2n 31 41
666 5 1
4 2 4 14 5 1 6
Fin.
1 h
2 1
3 h
4 h
5 3
6 •
| Jockeys. |Op. C).
T. Burns 6 3
Henry 8-5 5-2
T. Walsh 5 7
Spencer 7-3 6-.1
J. Martin • •; •
E. Robs.. S 6
Bullman 15 30
Index. ilorte. Age. Weight. |dt.
.SO3 Monlta. a 145 1
818 rhirward, 6 135 3
-.881 Liomo, 6 145 5
(78?) Schrrlber, 5 .135 4
*03 Rio Chlco. 4 .130 fc
831 University, a 127 6
... Viking. G 144 2
... Silverado, a .. 127 7
Km. >
5 li
3 3
4h
1 h
6 2
2 1
¦ 7
Fell
Mm.
5 S
2 3
3 H
11
6 10
4 1
4«m.
4 2
2 I
3 2
1 h
6 15
6 1
7
Str.
4 1
2 1,
3 h
5 1
6 40
Fin. | Jockeya. |Op. d.
1 1 McKpnna 5 8
2 n Johnson •6 • 4
5 2 DinKley ....... 11-5 * B-2
4h Hennessey ... -2' 3
6 ',4 McAulilTe .... 5-2 4
6 50 * Moody '.. • 6 12
7 ¦ Hanna ..v. .... - • •
... (Lenhart ....... 8-30
Index. ¦ Hone." Age. W<?lcht.|St. __
. 831 Inverary 11, 5. ...... 109 5
670 Duke of York 11. 6.112 1
806 Oold" Baron, 4...... 106 7
... Rey Hooker. 4 .....109 2
.:. Sevens, 4 104 3
(778) Melkarth. 5 ........105 4
821 Chns.' V* Bel. 5. ...109 6
<836) Senora Caesar. 4.. .104 8
Km.
>i m. %m.
5~2 5 1
2 V 4 2 1
4 1 3 ' ;
f- 3 1 42 ¦
1 l\i 1 1
6 2 Jl,
71 7 3
8 8
Strr
1 h
2 h
; 3 3
51®
: 4 tf
6 1
7 6
8
" Fin. ¦ | Jockeys. |Op. m Cl.
13 E. Boss ;:. 6 15
2 % PlgKOtt ....... 6 10
• '34 Henry..'... 8 ' 15
¦¦'. 4 h E. Jcnes 5 4
sh. Bullman 2 4-S
« H Ranch ..: 6 15
710 Morgan 3 10
8 Tullett 5-8 7
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St. V*m. Hm.
f37 Formero, 4 109 3 ... 5 2
(765) Pompino. 4 .. 106 5 ... 2h
751 Imp. Clonstlla. 5..U07 1 ... 3 %
(77J) Fausturo. 4 ..109 4 ... 1 2;
798 Grand Sachem' 5. ..109 6 ... .6"
786 Mafada . a. ...........112 3 ... 4 2
%m.. Str. ¦ Fin. | Jockeys.- - jOp. Cl.
4 1 3Vt . Ins E. R055.. ...... 6 7
24 2h2H Henry ......... 5-2 2
. 3 1 4 5 3 1 Spencer ..;.... . i: : , 1
1 i\i 1 h :4 4 Bullman ..:... r 3 6
6 ,51 55 T. Wa1eh...... 10 15
"5 1-.- 6 6 - Hennessey'.... ¦20 "*5OCHILD BARRED FROM SCHOOL.
Threw Stones and Her Parents Re
fused to Apologize.
Special DlFpatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 24.— A new step was
taken in the rows that characterize
county schools from time to time here to
day, when J. F. McKee. a farmer in the
Willow Glen school district, applied for a
writ of mandate in the Superior Court to
compel the admission of his daughter to
school. Miss Osee Ashley, principal of
the school, is the one against whom thb
action is directed.
McKee's pretty little daughter Abbie
was suspended on February 15 last. At
that time she, with other pupils, violated
a rule of the school by throwing stones.
Miss Ashley requested an apology from
the girl's mother and also a guarantee
that the rule would not be broken again.
Mrs. McKee refused to make any such
promise and the girl was refused admis
sion to school. The parents of the other
children apologized. Now the matter will
be aired in court. Superintendent Chlpman
advised the Trustees to allow the girl to
attend school, but they refused to do so
and stood back of Miss Ashley's action.
The outcome will be watched with inter
est by the teachers, as the move is a new
one.
PAYS IN ADVANCE.
Southern Pacific Makes a Big Deposit
in Sub-Treasury.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— Nearly $3,000,000
was paid Into the sub-treasury here to
day by the Southern Pacific Company for
the Central Pacific Railroad, in liquida
tion of a note of the latter company that
does not fall due until August, 1901. The
actual payment was $2,946,194 79.
Checks for this amount were turned Into
the sub-treasury and their receipt gave
that institution a credit balance of $2,346,
770 at the Clearing-house.
The note which was taken up Is the
fifth of aserles of twenty, bearing inter
est of 3 per cent, given to the Govern
ment when the Central Pacific settlement
was effected. It was secured by $3,000 000
Central Pacific 4 per cent bonds, which
were to-day turned over to the Southern
Pacific Company.
In Wall street It was said that the rea
son for the antlcipationof the payment is
that the Centra! Pacific bonds securing
the note can be handled with more profit
to the Southern Pacific than would be
gained by allowing the obligation to run
along until due.
Express Sold.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 24.-The Evening
Express of this city contains an an
nouncement to-night that the paper has
been sold. The new directors are: E. B
Haskell, Judge John MJ Miller, ' W. A. Kel
sey. Richard G. Beebe and W. A. Bots
ford. The new president is John M
Miller; of the local law firm of Miller &
Brown.'. He was formerly connected with
the Minneapolis Tribune. W. A. Kelsey
of Meridian, Conn., owner of the Merid-
Marshall Pierce Very ILL.
OAKLAND. Feb. 24.— The serious illness
of Marshall Pierce at East Baldwin, Me,,
is announced in a telegram received by
President V/atkinson of the Contra Co3ta
Water Company. Mr. Pierce is a pioneer
of this State. A year a«o he severed con
nection with the Contra Costa Company
and went in search of recreation. The
nature of his ailment is not disclosed la
the telegram.
9 . 9
a Grocery estimates cheer-i j
furnished on appli-i i
\ I
a Our low prices have al- |
secured a number of j
for Cape Norne — j
delivery. j
a Following is an extract j
jfrom one of our Alaska^ |
} j
i Tour bill of groceries of last yeari j
iwas satisfactory. Very nice indeed.^ i
F Kindly forward me estimate on in-f j
iclosed list. Yours 6
\ C. B. Walter, \ I
r Santa Cruz. ¥ ;
Rica Coffee w I
f Gemiin«. Many -rkniinri tt¥ ¦
\ coff*e drinkers preferPOUna I/C\ ,
# this — even to Java. Regular 25c. § •
\ Monday, Tuesday. x |
\ Extra Soda Crackers ? j
A baked 1O pound box 30C1
r and crisp. UsuaUy 45 to 50c. f\
rGranulated Sugar f i
A '¦Spreckels best"' ¦ nr^.,,^,A -r-W i
f Fine dry. Cane sugar. pOUnd 5^ |
0 In any quantity. 0 ;
Cream. ..can ioci j
\ Simply pur* cows' milk. Evaporated \ i
f »od thoroughly sterilized. ¥
\ Regular 15c. \
\High Test Coal Oil 90c! '
A r— s gallon can a j
' Guaranteed Pennsylvania oil *
A Regular $I. CO. * A >
SColumbus Tomatoes a I
\ Extra standard. . n - _ _ _ _ \ j
a Kip*. B ei^t fmit. 4 cans 2^ci i
good cjlor. In any quantity. \ j
f Sugar Peas Can o,cf I
¥ E*k> brand. Sweet and tender. ¥
a Dozen 31.05. a j
Oysters J
" Carefully packed. , rar , G >> rr \
A Goodsiza. 3 cans 25Ci
X Clean and firm. T
{Ceylon Tea **!£„. J
X i¥iftfS&S. IMldll *poaiid 35cJ
# Decessary for a perfect cup. w
» , Regular oOc.
?Mild Cream Cheese
* I X L Brand. inniHidcTo
A Rich and delicious 2 pOUliaS 2 ;>C
A'ew Jellies and Jams
Large glass. „ r_._ /» -«
0 Pure food. Fanry 3 lOr 2 0 C
\ **lert fruit. Preserved with
0 >'i?ar oelv.
Table Salt 5 pound em* $
Jk "¦'¦< Pun* and white. - r» r r m
V Regular sc sack. 2 » Or O C J
rjesse Moore Whiskey f
A Well known brand . V l r^tt^f* f\-rw
\ Very popular. This DOttie O^Cr
0 price will make it still more. a
(jShaw's Malt Whiskey )
\ * For health hnrrif* fsnr/4
f and wellcess. DOlllC OOC^
1 Regular fI.W. A
!Table Port Wine a
I vard^r^" gallon 45CA !
~ Thi« i« absolute cost. •ut we want X «
C more customers to get a qua ; nted a >
\ with this fine wine. Try it once \ <
0 and you will want more of it. P
Claret gallon ,
x Agei and ready for buttling. a i
f Regular 53c. f I
Gin. .gallon $3.50^ ;
;;, Gooulne laj^rted. Regular $ 1.. V). j
St. S. F. Ehattuck Ay, FerJte.ev A) '
~#th & W«i ntrton.Oa* Central Av,Al*raed.-.T *
0\<«: Broad vay, " :th & Wood. Oak A t
4, •**- "^ -«fc^k <k^»fc -<s*. -<3* -d :
DR. HATCH EXPLAINS.
Denies Story of Parsimony at ths
Stockton Hospital.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 24.— Dr. F. JV.
Hatch, member of the State .Lunacy Com
mission and general superintendent of tha
State hospitals, said to-day .that the
stories emanating from Stockton respect
ing the alleged parsimonious management
of the asylum there were for the most
part exaggerated.
It is true that the funds at the disposal
of the asylum have been curtailed, hut
this is due to a reduction of the appro
priation by the Legislature and to the
fact that the contingency fund fed by fees
from pay patients has been transferre-1
from the disposal of the local boarJ of
managers to the State treasury, where it
can only be drawn upon by order of. the
Lunacy Commission and Board of Exam
iners, and then only for purposes specilied
by law. Requisitions for small items
not necessary, as has been alleged, ani
the Lunacy Commission allows a sum
each month, in addition to estimated ex
penses, for purchases not contemplated
when the estimates are acted upon by the
Lunacy Commission.
Plumbers at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Feb. 24.— Twenty-six mem
bers of the San Francisco Association of
Master Plumbers were guests of the
Stockton association to-night. The visit
ors were given a good time and will spend
to-morrow in sightseeing, returning to
San Francisco in the evening. The visit
ors arc ladles and gentlemen, the ladies
representing the ladles' auxiliary of the
organization.
Stabbed a Chinaman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- STOCKTON. Feb. 24.-A Chinese cook
and Japanese waiter employed In the resi
dence of ex-Mayor Welsh fought over an
old ' falling out this morning, and -while
the' cook hurled dishes at the waiter the
latter used a knife with good effect, cut
ting-a big gash on the Chinaman's head,
for which he was arrested.
New Athletic Club.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 24.— The Capital
City Athletic Club filed articles of incor
poration to-day. Its purpose is to hold
a public boxing exhibition once a month.
Young Peter Jackson is here and wants
to figure in its first bout, but the club will
probably open Its doors with Ast of San
Francisco' and Al Hellman of this city,
who fought a 15-round draw In Stockton.
Fell to His Death.
JEROME, Ariz.. Feb. 24.— Andy Logan,
a miner employed In the United Verde
mine, fell down the main shaft of the
mii.c. a distance of 700 feet. His head
and one leg were torn off in the descent
and practically every bone in his body
was broken. The accident was occasioned
by timbers .on the hoist spreading and
throwing him off.
Bandits Bound Over.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TUCSON. Ariz.. Feb: 24.-George and
Lewis Owens, who were charged with
holding up the Southern -Pacific at Fair
bank on Thursday, the 15th. have been
bound over to appear before the Grand
Jury in the sum of $10,000. The penalty
for train robbery in Arizona is death.
ANOTHER GAME
GOES TO THE
FIREMAN'S FUND
An Easy Victory Over
Stanford.
BERKELEY. Feb. 24.— For the first
three innings the game between the Starr
ford and Fireman's Fund baseball teams
was poor ball. After the third inning the
Insurance team took a brace and defeated
the collegians by 7to 3. Both pitchers
were hit freely. "With all bases full and
Follan3bee up in the fifth inning a three
bagger brought in three runs. The scoro
follows:
FIREMAN'S FUND.
AB. K. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Pchmeer. c. b A 3 1 0 3 3 j
W. Hammond. 1b..4 1 o 0 15 o 0
Krugr. d. & 3 b 5 2 3 0 10 2
Follansbee. C '.. S 0 1 0 1 2 0
Webber. 2 b S 0 0 0 2 5 0
Ensign, r. f 10 0 0 0 0 0
.Mnskiman. P 4 0 0 0 .2 4 1
Dunn. r. f 4 0 0 0 10 2
Butler. 1. f 3 110 10 0
J. Hammond, c. t.. 3 "1 2 •> 1 o o
Totals 37 ~7 S ~0 27 I* "a
STA.VFORD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Lnag-hred, c 4 0 2 0 2 10
Edwards. 3 b 4 0 10 3 2 2
Cowden. 2 b 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Havens. 1 b 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Murphy, c. t 4 10 0 2 0 0
Slmmi. s. s 4 1 1 0 1 S 1
Lowenthal. I. f 4 0 2 0 3 0 0
Brown, r. f 4 0 0 0 1 10
Hampson, p 3 10 0 0 3 0
Moore, p 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 35 3 « 0 27 U "i
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Fireman's Fund 1 0 0 0 0 0 5 0 1 7 ;
Stanford 0 2 0 0 0 0 10 o—3
SUMMARY.
Three-base hits— Follansbee and Krag. First
base on errors— Fireman's Fund 2. Stanford 3.
Left on bases— Fireman's Fund 4. Stanford 10.
Struck out — By Moskiman 1. by Hamoson 2.
Hit by pitcher— Butler. Hammnnd. Passed
ball — Lousheed. Time of game — One hour and
30 minutes. Umpire — Swan. Scorer— Dott.
perfect mmnm
.jg||g|^^ Prof. 'Jules Laborde's Marvelous
jiP|Pl§r^ French Preparation of
mf \ "CALTHOS"
PP -^ W ** T Lost Wanllood *
w j£Sffl*Ll F U H 5 Days' Treatment
Ijs^ #^ SENT FREE
By Sealed ftflai?.
NO C.O.D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
1 Every person who Is a sufferer from nerrons shrunken parta. This specifllo remedy will
diseases should write tho Yon Mohl Co., Cln- cure you at any stage before- epilepsy results,
cln nat I, Ohio, at once, and accept their offer with ensulnc consumption and Insanity . "Cal-
of a five days* trial treatment free of charge, thos" goes directly to the seat of the trouble.
This is no 0. 0. 1>. or DEPOSIT scheme- but a no matter of bow long standing, and the pa-
llberal proposition made to unfortunate suf- tient feels the benefit of the first day's treat-
ferers by this long-established concern, which meat. In five days the medicines sent free
Is the largestimporter of specifics for nervous will make you feel like ano w man.
and sexual diseases In the world. The Yon Mohl Co. often receives the most
TheVonMohlOo. has the sole American K^ffiS^^^aWSSt?? 9 ? n9 ThS2
ff% l 2£^t&S2S?S£3^fclSSSS £a;^h!ou a ,a O nSSf T le^oS mm f e rom SSZ
vtnce^'m^lclflflen^tSaf y wSfsoSlt?4ly JL^^ I SSSFE?&S!S^t£XS h £«
cure nervous debility.. This remeoylias for J?,?,,^, 0 , Sjlfwh^^uSS^Sw^ ™ ?
years been used as a specific In the French ??£"**? iS^lwtwffl?S^ ™ e^» !
and German armies, and since Its lntroduc- f^S^-^ *l^ * h^i£^,tfj^ n J? * hH?
tion Into the -Unite? States has cured many P JSI?S^« k?«S? 1
thousands of sufferers, and the remarkabft 5lbI?5 lbI ? p^J^i STH ! LwSSS t&Mf* mETi
success of the remedy in Europe has been re- f<» '•> ¥g}ffi°£i J?f~ JhffihJPJ £££2 1
nout^A in thi« ronntrV • • »n7 Of the diseases for which the preparation
peated in this country. of "Oalthos" is a specific cure. Some irre-
In order to place this wonderful treatment sponsibla advertisers are using "made-up"
In the hands of every person who suffers the testimonials, but the Yon MohlCo. lnvaria-
mental and physical anguish of sexual weak- b i y declines to make public the names or ror-
ness. The \on Mohl Co., h&s decided to send a rM pondence of any patients who have been
free trial treatment to all who write at once, cured by "Calthos"* 1
Tho remedy is sent by mail in a plain pack- F i ve rfays* treatment will be placed in your
age andthereisnopubllcltylnrecelvin|ltor hands free of cost, and you are earnestly
takln* it. Accompanying the medicine there nrge d for your own sake to send for it wlth-
ls a full treatise in plain lanffua«e for you to oa | delay. Write to day and send your ad-
rcad. Take the med'eine privately with per- dregs. It la not necessary to i?lve em bar rass-
foct safety, and a sure cure Is guaranteed. lng details of your symptons. Tho book ac-
• Lost vitality creeps upon men unawares, companyinz the five days' treatment will en-
Do not deceive yourself or remain in lgno- able yon to take the medicine in private and
ranee while you are being dragged down by treat yourself successfully at home. It costs
this Insidious disease. No matter what the nothing to try this remedy. It may costyou
cause may be, whether early abuses, excesses agreatdeal more to let thla offereo by.
or overwork and business cares, the results today Address THE YON MOHL CO. 315 3.
are the same— premature loss of strength and CINCINNATI. OHIO. Largest Importers of
memory, emissions, lmpotency.varlcocele and Standard Preparations in the United States
Paper-Hangers' Compensation.
Owing to disputes as to the amount of
compensation union men should receive, a
convention of the paper-hangers and fres
co painters was held at 915 Vi Market stre-t
last night for the purpose of arriving at a.
satisfactory conclusion and establishing, a
minimum rate tor the ensuing year. After
considerable debate | a resolution was of
fered and carried establishing the mini
mum rate of both trades? at $3 50 per diem
of eight hours, to take effect on the 2u of
April. ,
INCITED THE RISING
OF SOUDANESE TROOPS
Five Egyptian Officers Cashiered and
S?nt as Prisoners to
Cairo.
CAIRO. Feb. 24.— As a result of the In
vestigation by a court of Inquiry held at
Omdurman in connection with the recent
insubordination of two battalions of Sou
danese troops, five Egyptian officers have
been cashiered and cent as prisoners to
Cairo.
Canneries Consolidated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE. Feb. 24.— The consolida
tion of the Sutter Canning and Packing
Company with "the Hunt Brothers Com
pany of San Francisco, whose cannery is
located at Haywards. Alameda County,
has just been announced. This will
strengthen both canneries and enable
them to make a much larger pack than
would be possible urvier eecarato manage
ment as Heretofore.
Barker Seeks His Liberty.
The Supreme Court, has Issued a. writ
of habeas corpus, returnable to-morrow.
In the case of Alfred Barker, a prominent
merchant of San Jose. The trouble grows
out of the Union Savings Bank litigation
and Barker was arrested upon an order
of Judge Lorigan at the Instance of E.
M. Rea; attorney for the bank. The com
plainant's affidavit' sets forth that the
merchant had transferred bank and water
stock and other property to his wife and
that : under the circumstances the trans
actions were Illegal and fraudulent and
that Barker intended to leave the State.
The. lower court of Santa Clara County
refused to Issue a writ and application
was made to the higher court.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al Iron American
Steaxaship.
ZEALANDIA
(CAPACITY 8000 TONS)
fi nome inter,
Sailing from San Francisco I i
Monflay.May 21,1900;
FITtST CLASS $110.00 •
SECOND CLASS T5.00 .
STEERAGE 50.00
Special rates for freight and Insurance.
Through passenger and freight aenrlc* U
Dawson and alt points on Yukon River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CQ. 4
139 POST STHEET.
FRANCE THREATENS THE
INDEPENDENCE OF SIAM
Expedition Being Prepared for the
Alleged Purpose of Seizing
. Hainan.
BERLIN, Feb. 24.— Baron Hesse War
tegg publishes a letter from Singapore In
the Cologne Yolks Zeltung. in which the
writer saya that an expedition is being
prepared in the French Indies for the pur
pose of seizing Hainan and therewith
threatening the independence of Slam.
The baron adds that the matter was
brought to the attention of Prince Henry
of Prussia when the latter was In Bang
kok. ' '" # ' '
KEITHLEY WILL CONTEST.
Dr. Prose Gives Testimony Favoring
the Contestants.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 24.— 1n the Keithley
will contest to-day the contestant called
Dr. Prose of Woodland. In answer to a
long hypothetical question which pur
ported to be a history of Mr. Keithley's
last illness and treatment, Dr. Prose re
plied that under such conditions the pa
tient was incapable- of transacting busi
ness. ;¦¦'.'...
Witness testified that he had examined
the will of the deceased and also the sig
natures by the aid of a glass. He was
asked if In his opinion the names of Mr.
Keithley and Dr. Dufflcy were written In
the same Ink. As the witness did not con
sider himself an expert In inks the court
would not allow him to answer. The Jur
ors were permitted to Inspect the names
with the aid of a glass adjusted by the
witness.
Nomination Confirmed.
¦WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the nomination of J. O.
Smith to be Indian Agent for the South
ern Utes In Colorado.
Bicyclist Severely Injured.
BERKELEY. Feb. 24.— Charles Craw
ford, an employe of W. J. Sloane. & Co..
San Francisco, whose home is at 2431
Piedmont yay, fell from a bicycle yester
day morning and was severely Injured.
He struck on his head, receiving several
painful scalp wounds. He has remained,
in an unconscious condition since the acci
dent.
WASHINGTON RECEPTION.
The Washington reception given last
night in Golden Gate Hall by Ivy Chapter
of the Order of the Eastern Star was? -l
most magnificent affair, and It was at
tended by several hundred friends of tho
membership. The ladies of the chapter
were all attired In costumes of the time
of George Washington, with powdered
wigs, rich dresses and elegant laces. A
number of the gentlemen were In suits
of. colonial days. The. effect of so many
In continental dress as they moved about
the hall presented a contrast to those In
modern attire, making a very pretty pic
ture.
In addition to the reception there was an
amusing sketch, showing the district
school of the . old-fashioned kind, with
members personating the teacher anti pu
pils. This was followed by the dancing
of the minuet by eight young ladies and a
like number of gentlemen, after which
there was "Tit For Tat." a comedy, in
which Miss Hope Mosher and- Kenneth
McLeod took the speaking parts. Thla pro
gramme was followed by dancing. Tuj
affair was arranged. by Miss Susie Lock
wood. Mrs. Frances L. Bonlfleld, Roy T.
Kimball and Harriet T. Noah.
For British Relief.
OAKLAND. Feb. 24.— The British relief
committee organized by the St. Andrew's
Society of Oakland and Albion Lodge.
Sons of St. George. Issued a circular to
day, appealing for contributions of money
In aid of the families of British soldiers
engaged in the Transvaal war. The com
mittee appeals to all well-wishers of Great
Britain to help swell "the Mansion Hous®
relief fund," organized by the Lord Mayor
of London.
BAPTISTS TO
BE AIDED BY
ROCKEFELLER
Help for California
College-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 21.
Baptists all over the State of California
have been encouraged by the announce
ment that John Rockefeller has promised
$5000 for the endowment fund of "Cali
fornia College," provided the denomina-
PRESIDENT T. A. BROWNSON.
tlon in California raises $10,230 within a
year. President T. A. Brbwnson has de
clared that it is possible to win the gift
of the oil magnate and has just started
on a tour of the State to call attention to
the crisis that now faces the college and
to the means of relief.
In a statement issued by the college
president is the following plain language:
It is not wise to disguise the fact;
it seems wise to emphasize it, that
the college has come to a real crisis
In its history. There must be in the
immediate' future a considerable in
crease of the endowment, or there
must be, for at least a number of
years, a discouraging existence with
out reasonable -progress. Not death
. but stagnation faces the college unless
its endowment shall see a considera
ble increase within three years.
The supreme need now is not more
students, desirable as would be an In
crease in numbers;' lt Is a larger en
dowment. It Is not new buildings, al
though two are really needed; it Is
more Invested funds; it Is a larger In
terest-bearing fund.
While at the head of the college at Mc-
Mlnnville, Or., the only other ¦ Baptist
seminary In the West. President Brown
son received a similar offer from the
American Baptist Education Society, and
succeeded In meeting the conditions and
securing the gift. He Is confident that
he will be equally successful In this State.
MOST DESPERATE
SORTIE WAS MADE
FROM MAFEKING
LONDON, Feb. 24.-The first detailed
description of the desperate sortie from
Mafeking, made on December 26, comes
from the Reuter correspondent In that
hard pressed little town, as follows:
"The day after Christmas we mado an
attack on the Boer lines. Our seven
pounders, under Major Panzera, had been
emplacci during the night on -our left
front. As dawn broke a flash and a ckuJ
of white smoke showed they were in ac
tion. Shot after shot fell rapidly around
the enemy's position. As It grew lighter
the Maxim joined In. rapping automatical
ly, and to the right the armored train
crept slowly over the plain toward its des
tination.
"After that the attack developed with
marvelous rapidity to the east of Game
Tree (the fort which we were attacking),
and Vernon and Fitzclarence took up ti.elr
positions preparatory to a final rush.
"Away to the right flank Captain Coweii
with seventy men of the BechuanalanJ
Rifles was disposed to Intercept reinforce
ments on the enemy's retreat. The
armored train, under Captain William-!,
with a machine gun and Hotchkiss. ran up
as fast as the broken state of the line
would allow. The whole cf the right flank
was commanded by Major Goodley; to the
left of us were the enemy.
"The guns under Major Panzera were
escorted by a squadron under Li>rd
Charles Bentick. The whole, comrhande.l
by Colonel Hore. were dealing a rapid fire.
"Just before the sun arose the armored
train sounded her whistle. It was the
signal from Captain Vernon that he nas
ready to rush the position and to the guns
to cease firing. As the sun rose we could
see the khaki-clad troopers of the Protec
torate regiment rushing eagerly forward,
hardly stopping to fire, waving their hats
and cheering each other on. It seemed
scarcely seconds before they plunged into
the scrub which surrounds the sandbag
fort, and some one exclaimed: 'They are
swarming over the bags; the position is
ours."
"Meanwhile -the firing was continuing
furiously and we waited for It to cea=c.
expecting that the enemy would surrender
or be bayonetted to a man. Then thero
was an anxious lull. A staff officer said:
•Our men are coming back.'
"It was only too true. Slowly, sullen
and sulky, the men fell back, those that
were left of them, turning to fire in des
perate defiance now and again at the
enemy's works.
"An aid-de-camp came galoping up from
Major Goodley. 'Captain Vernon, sir, has
been repulsed,' he said. 'The position is
practically Impregnable to infantrj't and
Major Goodley docs not think it worth
while trying again.'
For a moment the colonel hesitated,
and we could see that the question as to
whether he should or should not again
attempt to carry the enemy's position was
being weighed in his mind. Then he
turned round to the chief staff officer and
said, 'Let the ambulance go out.'
"That was all. The battle of Game Tree
was over. How daring, how desperate,
how gallant the attack had been we were
only to learn later on. when the tale of
dead and wounded came to be told. Out
of the six officers who had led their men
so well three were dead, one wounded and
only two remained unhurt, one of the
two with his sword hilt bent by a bullet.
Of the eighty men who formed the storm
ing party twenty-one were killed and four
have since died from their wounds. Twen
ty-eight lie to-day in hospital— fifty-three
out of eighty.
"In the evening we gathered In the cem
etery to bury the dead. A long trench
was dug for the non-commissioned officers
and men, and there, because neither time
nor material permitted, they were burled
wrapped in white calico.
"We had done our best to break the cor
don which surrounded us and raise the
siege to communications with the north,
and we had failed."
?
More Prisoners Taken.
PAARDEBERG. Thursday. Feb. 22.—
There is little change in the situation.
There was intermittent shelling to-day
and during the night a large supply col
umn arrived. It is reported that 2000
Boers are operating northward of th!s
place.
Yesterday evening after the last gun had
been fired the Shropshlres rushed forward
300 yards farther toward the Led of the
river and found a number of Boer dea.^.
General French captured seventy-five
prisoners who had previously escaped the
cordon and a patrol on the westward side
took thirty more.
Medical Aid Needed.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— John L. W.
Pruln, chairman of the American com
mittee to aid the wounded belligerents
within the Boer lines, has received the
following telegram, dated Durban. Febru
ary 17, from Howard C. Hillegras, a mem
ber of the committee, now at Durban,
South Africa:
"Medicines, instruments procurable Dur
ban urgently needed. Suggest cabling me
money Immediately. Will deliver person-,
ally."
Military Attaches.
LOURENZO MARQUES, Friday, Feb.
23.— The French steamer Glronde has ar
rived here, bringing the American and
French military attaches bound for the
Boer camp. She also had on board 150
heterogeneous passengers, including
eighteen Montenegrins in their national
costume, all bound for the Transvaal.
To Join the Boers.
LOURENZO MARQUES. Feb. 24.— The
German steamer Admiral from Hamburg.
January 20, has arrived here with 110
passengers on board. They are mostly
German subjects and are anxious to join
the Beer forces.
AT>v Ktt^sKifBTTTII,
TWICE SNATCHED
FROM THE JAWS
OF GRIM DEATH
Undertaker Helper's
Strange Case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 24.
George Waters lives to tell how his life
has twice been snatched from the very
jaws of death within the past few days.
Indications in both instances point to
what many regard as attempted suicide.
Waters Is 23 years old and for a long
time has been employed as assistant at
James Taylor's undertaking establish
ment on Thirteenth street, near Clay.
A little over a week ago >.aters created
a mild sensation by drinking a cup of
embalming fluid. On that occasion ' he
was found unconscious by his employer,
who promptly summoned medical aid.
Fortunately his life, after several hours*
hard work on the part or the doctors,
was saved. When he recovered Waters
claimed that he had been suffering from
cramps in his stomach and that In his
eagerness to quaff something that might
temporarily relieve the pain grabbed the
cup of embalming fluid by mistake.
Early this morning Waters was again
found unconscious. • This time he had
substituted illuminating gas. At the Re
ceiving Hospital, where Steward Borchert
after working over him several hours re
suscitated him. he declared:
"Shortly after I retired last night, at 11
o'clock, Mrs. Taylor came to my room
and aroused me. ! She said she noticed
the odor of escaping gas. I looked about
but found everything all right and re
turned to bed. At 2 o'clock this morn-
Ing I was again aroused on the same
pretext. -I looked about again, but found
nothing wrong. How the- gjra-escaped I
do not know and the idea of me trying
to commit suicide is ridiculous."
Mrs. Taylor, wife of the undertaker,
however; tells a different story. She says
that she called at Waters' room, which
Is above the undertaking parlors, twice
during the night because she had de
tected the odor of gas, and that , each
time Waters insisted no gas was escap
ing in his room. Yet when she found '
him unconscious at 7 o'clock this morn
ing both jets were turned on full blast,
when as a matter of fact he never has
been known to make use of but one jet.
Moreover, beneath Waters' pillow Mrs.
Taylor found the razor used in the em
balming department.
closely at him. but I think that I could
Identify him."
These attacks began with one upon Miss
Annie Koenig on Tuesday evening at the
corner of Eighteenth and Castro streets.
In this case the man hid behind a tree
and sprung out suddenly upon Miss Koe
nlg. He threw his arm about her, but so
violent was his attack that she was
thrown to the ground. He then made his
escape.
There was an attack made upon some
young lady on Wednesday evening, but,
while the matter has been reported to the
police, names are being withheld at the
request of the family.
The police are searching for the man.
but he is as Intangible as a shadow until
he finds some unattended young woman.
Then he assumes very material shape in
deed. The police believe that the myste
rious "Jack the Hugger" is a half-crazy
Swede by the name of Johnson, who was
mixed up in a similar affair about six
months ago and v.-as punished with a
charge of bird shot for his pains.
EARL STONE, TENNIS
PLAYER, LOSES A FOOT
TUT Ai« . 1 . T *1 A( J T 1 4
tie Attempted to Jump the Alameda Local and
N. B. STONEROAD
PASSES AWAY
Was a Pioneer Stock
man of the State.
to this State and was associated with
much of Its early history. He was born
in Lawrence County, Ala.. February 11,
IS3O, and came to California when very
young. He was engaged in gold mining
as soon as the excitement commenced.
In the early sixties he moved to Merced
County. He married Mrs. V L. J. Peck In
1868. and resided on Mariposa Creek for
thirteen years. In 18S1 he moved his fam
ily to New Mexico, where he has since
resided. Mr. Stoneroad was the first man
to drive sheep from California into New
Mexico, and at that time he took a band
of 12.000. He leaves a widow and four
children. . •
EARL STONE.
.
AAKLAND, Feb. 24.— Earl Stone, erstwhile champion tennis player at the
State University, attempted to jump aboard an Alameda local at the
\L^ narrow-gauge pier this morning, and missing the step had his left foot
so severely crushed by one of the wheels that the surgeons at the Re
ceiving Hospital found its amputation a necessity.
Stone was graduated from the State University last year and entered the
medical college last term. He Is 23 years old and resides with his mother at
1202 Harrison street. He was on his way to a practice tennis game in Alameda
when the sad mishap occurred. At the pier he had lingered a little longer
than he should, and when the Alameda local started to pull out he tried to
Jump aboard, but missed the step and fell beneath one of the cars.
The amputation was successfully performed by Drs. Stratton. Sanbora,
Milton and Rowe, and the young medical student displayed great fortitude
while suffering. He Is resting easily to-night.
Lan Record, is vice president and manag
ing director; Richard G. Beebe. a Merid
ian capitalist, is secretary and treasurer;
William F. Botsford, a local banker, is
also on the directory and E. B. Haskell
of the Boston Herald is the fifth direc
tor.. The present editor, H. W. Brundtge,
is retained as editor and J. A. Abell is
also to remain ns manager.
Fruit-Growers Organize.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Feb. 24.— The fruit growers of
this place have combined and this after-
noon held a meeting in the courthouse, at
which time a permanent organization of
the Napa Fruit Growers' Association wai
effected. A. D. Butler was electeil presi
dent. W. W. Thompson vice j.resident,
W. M. Fisher secretary and William Hun
ter treasurer. The constitution and by
laws of the California Cured Fruit Associ
ation were adopted to govern the new or
ganization and it was decided to co-oper
ate with the State association in carrying
out the work planned by it. About thirty
of the leading orchardists of this place
have joined the new organization ami are
very enthusiastic at the outlook tor IWK).
His Neck Broken.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 24.— An old man
named Smith, a veteran of the civil war.
went on a drinking celebration at Latrobe
yesterday. He was a pensioner of the
Government and had evidently just re
ceived for remittance, for he seemed to be
well supplied with money. He drank
heavily and became almost helpless. Some
friends took charge of him. placing him
in a wheelbarrow and took him to his lit
tle cabin home, where he lived alone and
placed him in bed.' He was found along
side of his bed this morning dead. His
neck was broken and the conclusion
reached was that he had fallen out of the
bed, landing with Buch force that he was
killed.
Independent Ticket Named.
Srecial Dispatch to The Cal
MARYSVILLE. Feb. 24.— At a mass
meeting last night a third ticket " was
named for the municipal election to be
held March 19. It is known as the Citi
zens' Independent ticket. Those nomi
nated are: For Mayor, S. D. Johnson;
Marshal. W. D. Kenyon; (Jlerk and As
sessor, R. M. Millar: Treasurer, W. C.
Swain; Councilmen— First Ward. A. W.
Lewis; Second Ward, J. W. Steward;
Third Ward, G. W. Hammerly; Fourth
Ward, P. J. Dlwer; School Commission
ers—Dr. D. Powell. J. E. Boorman and
H. B. P. Garden; Levee Commissioners —
Justus Greely, John C. White and W. T.
Ellis Jr.
Barker Still in Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Feb. 24.— Alfred Barker, the
capitalist, is still a prisoner at the County
Jail." A writ of habeas corpus is to be
heard before the Supreme Court Monday.
Barker .is charged with attempting to
leave the State to avoid paying $6<Xw as
sessments on stock of the defunct Union
Savings Bank. He prefers staying in jail
to priving $COOO bonds, as the bonds could
be. levied upon in case the bank obtained
Judgment against him. •
Verdict of Accidental Death.
SUISUN, Feb. 24.— An Inquest . was
held here this morning over the remains
of Edward J. Hamilton, proprietor of the
Sulsun Electric Light Works. A verdict
was returned that the deceased came to
his death by coming into contact with a
live wire. Hamilton was 22 years of ago,
and a native of Geyserville. His parents
reside at Healdsburg. He was. an enter
prising young man and very popular. The
remains will be shipped to Healdsburg for
burial.
Was Mrs. Bloomer's Husband.
COUNCILL BLUFFS, lowa, Feb. 21.—
Hon. D. C. Bloomer, a resident of this
city since 1555, died suddenly at his home
to-night, aged 84 years. Mr. Bloomer. was
a leader in the Republican party In lowa
for years. In 1840 he married Miss Amelia
Jenkins, who until her death a few years
ago was of national prominence as an ad
vocate of woman suffrage, and whose ad
vocacy of dress reform for women during
her younger days gave her name to the
bloomer costume.
Must Try Again.
SEATTLE, Feb. 24.— T0-day for the
third time the torpedo-boat destroyer
Goldsborough attempted to standardize
her screw In a trial before the navai
board. The conditions were unfavorable,
and after one brief trip over the courses
the vessel turned to. dock to await more
favorable weather. It was determined to
renew the attempt early to-morrow morn
ing If the bay should be calm.
Bailie's Successor Chosen.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 24.— George W.
Root, clerk of the Supreme Court, to-day
notified Controller Colgan that he had ap
pointed N. Daroux to be deputy Supreme
Court clerk, instead of C. E. Bailie, re
signed, the appointment to take effect
March 1. The N. Daroux mentioned In the
notification is Miss Nora F. Daroux. a
sister of Frank Daroux. a well-known
sporting man of this city.
Burglars Sentenced.
STOCKTON. Feb. 24.— Reuben Petch.
convicted of burglary committed at Lodl
two years ago, was sentenced by Judge
Budd this morning to six years at Fol
som. \V. Bell, convicted of robbing the
old paper mill recently, was given two
years at San Quentln.
Steamer Torino Safe.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— Advices received
here to-day state that the British
steamer Torino arrived at Havana
yesterday morning. The Torino is the
steamer which was reported yeste/day
from Pensacola as having been lost in the
storm on Tuesday night.
Notice Given Semlin.
VICTORIA, B. C.; Feb. 24.— The Lieu
tenant Governor, has given Premier Sem
lin, whom the Ministry defeated yester
day, until Monday to suggest a means by
which the Government may be carried on
without an appeal to the country ¦>,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
HUGGING JACK
STILL PURSUES
HIS VOCATION
Has Attacked Three
Young Women.
t
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Feb. 24.
"Jack the Hugger" is still at work in
Oakland and is making his nightly at
tacks upon young women who rind them
selves upon the streets unattended.
The motives of this individual are cer
tainly not robbery, for in the cases report
ed to the police, and there have been
three in the last week, the mysterious
man attempted each time merely 'to throw
his arm about some young lady and hug
hie victim. There has never been any at
tempt to snatch a purse, or to do more
than hug and frighten the young lady,
and from the reports made to the police
both efforts have been very successful in
tach case. The pecular part of these at
tacKs are that tney are generally early
la i me evening ana that the mysterious
hugger does not attempt to smother the
crlf . s . of I* 1 * one attacked, but depends uy
»ii a^ lll >' to make his escape,
.v, w Of the - jmact "s have been between
the hours of 7 and 8 in the evening, be
fore the shades of night have settled
r.eavJy. when young women are making
5\ ur £ . ne 'ehborhood calls or making lit
tle Hying trips without escorts. A shaded
ftreet is always choeen, for that affords
opportunity for concealment both before
and after the attack. In each case that
has been reported to the police the man
r.as been In waiting behlna come conven
ient tree, and as the victim w..uld pass he
steps forward, throws his arm about her.
and with a heavy squeeze he makes his
escape into the gathering gloom, leaving a
very frightened but uninjured young
woman behind.
These reports are becoming so frequent
a "i \? attract attention. The first report
m.ght have been some mistake or th»
Imagination of a timid girl. The second
ca »? e made things look more serious, but
when a third was reported as having oc
curred last night the police began a de
termined search and every officer on the
force is looking for the "Jack the Hug
ger." who is frightening Oakland young
ladies.
The latest object of his attack is Mrs.
Mary Flaherty, who lives at 140« Eighth
street. Mrs. Klaherty is a young woman
and very comely. She was going home
last evening shortly after S o'clock, hav
ing made some small purchases from j
eom<» neighboring stores. She had the !
bundles in her arms and was not very j
timid, as it was comparatively early. As !
the passed the corner of Poplar and I
Fourteenth streets the shadowy form of
a. man stepped out from behind a large 1
Tree. He threw his arm about the young
woman.
Mrs. Flaherty was poing to allow noth
ing of the kind and dropping her bundles,
¦without regard to contents, ?=he Flapped
the man full in the face. She nhoutod
lustily, and the man deciflM that discre
tion was the better part of valor and dis-
Eppeared in the darkness. Oliver Ferris
was near the spot at the time and an
fwered the call of Mrs. Flaherty. He
pursued the man for some Mock?, but the
"hugger" had an advantage of a start
tnd escaped.
"I did not pee the man until he stepped
from behind thf> tre*»." paid Mrs. Flaherty
to-day. "He made his attack so suddenly
that I did not have time to look very
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. Feb. 24.-Word has been
received in this city from Las Vegas
of the death of one of California's
earliest pioneers. N. B. Stoneroad.
a former resident of this valley, an In
fluential citizen of Merced County and at
the time of demise a very wealthy stock
man and land owner of New Mexico.
Napoleon Stoneroad was an early comer
25
THE LATE N. B. STO>'EROAD.SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP TICKETS TO
PASOROBLES|fe
Most noted Mineral Spring* in Vr.iui st *''!'
Marvelous cure» of Rheumatism. BtaoJ. ""?•
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders. APP>y
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent. HO Market »••_
I Weekly Call, SI per Year
' ?*•••• »».. ,,
Palace and
Grand Hotels
«IVL* dd .!i Improvements and cqn-
ouai£™V he . y co . ntlnue t0 *• tht heid-
S^fin'^SSSS "* tr * Telerß vl -
?J;? J ; JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
EX-CORONER SUED.
Mrs. Hill Seeks to Compel the Physi-
cian to Support Her.
Ex-Coroner Dr. Edmund E. Hill waa
sued yesterday by his wife, Mary E. Hill,
for support and maintenance. In her com
plaint Mrs. Hill alleges that she married
her husband on July 2, ISS9, and that he
abandoned her on September 17, 1899, and
has since refused to live wi^h her or con
tribute toward her support, excepting now
and then, when he sent her small sums ot
money, entirely Inadequate for her needs.
In addition to a monthly allowance of
$150 Mrs. Hill prays judgment of the court
setting aside a pretended conveyance to
one-half of two pieces of land which Dr.
Hill placed in the hands of A. A. Sander
son, both of which pieces of land are held
by Mrs. Hill under subsequent deeds.
ADVERT^EME2rrS.
"Dauber says he \* wedded to his art."
' "He evidently thinks so, or he wouldn't
j mistreat her so shamefully."— Chicago
Record.
FORTY HOURS' DEVOTION
AT ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH
The forty hours' devotion will begin In
St. Ignatius Church this mornlnjc with a
solemn high mass at 10:30 o'clock. After
mass. the blessed sacrament will be car
ried in procession around the church. Th*
"Pange Lingua" will be sung by the reg
ular male choir, alternating: with the
Ladies' Sodality choir. In the evening
there will be solemn vespers at 7:30. Th*
sermon will be preached by Rev. Father
Woods.
The exposition on Monday will begin
after the 5:30 o'clock mass. At J> o'clock
there will be the solemn high mass pro
pace. In the evening at 7:30. after rosary,
there will be music. The sermon will b*
preached by Rev. Father Calzia. Solemn
benediction" will follow.
On Tuesday the exposition will begin
again after the 5:30 ma3s. At 9 o'clock
there will be a solemn high mass of re
position. The litanies will be recited after
mass and the procession of the blessed
sacrament with solemn benediction will
follow and closethe forty hours' devotion.
FIRE PROTECTION
FOR THEATER PATRONS
Commissioners' Suggestion That a
Fireman Be on Duty at Each
Performance Adopted.
The Fire Commissioners at their meet- !
ing yesterday morning were waited upon
by representatives of the local theaters in
response to the letter sent to them by the
Commissioners suggesting the advisability
of having two firemen in uniform in each
place of amusement during the perform
ance, so as to give a feeling of protection
to the audience.
After some discussion it was arranged
that one fireman should be placed in each
theater, he to be allowed four assistants
from the mechanical staff of the theater
to drill them for service should a fire oc- j
cur. The theaters will pay the salary of j
the firemen till July 1, when the depart- |
ment will be able to detail two men at its ;
own expense.
In view of the stringency in the cor
poration funds the board decided to dis
pense with the services of seven men In
the corporation yard, which will make a
saving of about $700 a month. Accounts
aggregating $7620 accruing prior to Jan
uary 8, of which $3543 was for the new
engine-house on Bluxome street, had been I
referred to City and County Attorney
Lane, and he reported that he saw no j
obstacle in the way of their payment.
A WISE BOY KNOWS HIS OWN SISTER.
Grandpa— Whose birthday will we celebrate on the 22d?
Bobby— Sister's twenty-first again. —Exchange.
caslon being a birthday party in honor of
Mrs. A. Van der Xaillen Jr. Those pres
ent wore: Mr. and Mrs. Prof. A. Van <ier
Naillen Sr., Mrs. E. G. Stone. Dr. H. G.
Allen, Mr. and Mrs. R. Leo Van der Xail
len, Harry Elliott. John Young, Harry
Krneric, Fred Bishop, Daniel Webster,
Miss Reed Hutchinson, MUa Nettie Lane,
Miss Bell Graham, Miss Charlotte Lane,
Misses Dora and Jeannle Van der Kalllen
and Mr. and Mrs. A. Van der Naillen Jr.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
tendered to Mr. and Mrs. S. Shefiun on
February 10 at their residence, 7 Cohen
place, in honor of their tenth wedding an
niversary. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. Shefiun. Mr. and Mrs. A. Popkenr,,
Mr. and Mrs. N. Popkens. Mr. and Mrs.
H. Harris, Mr. and Mrs. M. Amber. Mr.
and Mrs. A. Strau?*, Mr. and Mrs. L.
Barnett. Mr. and Mrs. Neudorfer, Mrs.
Cohen, Mrs. Neiidorfer, Mrs. L. H. Har
ley, H.. Bcndid, M.sses Sarah, Lizzie and
Minnie Cohen. Misses Carrie and Sarah
Antony, M!ss Rosie Harris. Misses Rcsie
and Mary Leroy Miss Lena Cantinage,
Mrs. Cantinage. Miss Mitchell. Mr. Ped
erosky. Mr. Shipman, Mr. Weinstock,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank.
At "Casa Esperanza," Haywards. Dr.
Luella Cool gave a dinner on Saturday
week in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Joe Ghir
adelll and Dr. and Mrs. Simmons.
The following ladles assisted Mrs.
Henry Gray, who gave an "at home"
on February 17 to her many friends
at her residence, 2500 Green street: Mrs.
Eugene Freeman. Mrs. Leigh R. Larze
lere. Mrs. George H. Tyson. Mrs. Howard
G. Holmes, Mrs. William Hermann. Miss
Adelaide Deming, Miss Jennie McMillan,
Miss Madge Fairman, Miss Emma Mc-
Millan, Miss Mamie Deane.
A most ' enjoyable surprise party was
tendered George W. Elder Jr. Saturday
evening, February 3. at his home. 455
Valencia street. The evening was passed
very pleasantly with music, games and
dancing, after which a sumptuous repast
was served. Those present were: Lois
Perclval. Beatrice May, Mellnda Pelle
grini, Julia Pellegrini, Eda Pellegrini,
Edna Coulter. Bertha Hanmay, Maud
Gay, Irene Wiehman, Essie Clunan. Mrs.
Becsey. Mrs. Simons, Mrs. Wlchman, Mrs.
Elder. Granville Mayhew, Freeman Bon
ley, R. Becsey. E. Becsey, Otto Barth,
Frank Smith, David Raabe. Harold Per
cival. Ray Elder, George Elder Jr. and
George W. Elder Sr.
Mrs. Henry A. King entertained a party
of friends at luncheon on Tuesday at her
residence. 711 Jones street, in honor oi
Mrs. J. S. Thompson of Baltimore, Md.
Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Merillion gave an
"at home" last Thursday evening at their
residence, 2948 Pine street, to Mr. and
Mrs. A. Comte Jr., D. V. Costello and Miss
Emma Lafallle.
A very pleasant surprise party was
given to Miss Lavina Earhart on the- 14th
of February in honor of her sixteenth
birthday at her home in Novato. The
evening was passed in "music, games and
dancing, after which a most bountiful re
past was served. The magnificent birth
day cake had a' most conspicuous place
upon the table. Among < those present
were: . Charles Kuser, Edwin Rohin,
George Riddle, Cornelius Medlma, Albert
Riddle. Henry Rohrs, Will Pelkey, Willie
Earhart. Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Rohr3, Mr.
and Mrs. P. Ear.hart. Miss May -Gre^n,
Miss Celia Pelkey. Miss Grace Earhart,
Miss Delia Dahl, Miss Lottte Hayde?i,
Miss Ida Earhart and others.
The tenth wedding anniversary of Mr.
and Mrs. H. G. Bullwinkel was celebrat
ed at their residence, 1028 Ellis street, on
Thursday evening, February 15. The
rooms were brilliantly illuminated and
gracefully festooned with flowers, ever
greens and bunting. After congratulations
and many good wishes to Mr. and Mrs.
H. G. Bulwinkel the evening was spent
very pleasantly with dancing, games and
music. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. J. Pope, Mr. and Mrs. J. Schroe
der, Mr. and Mrs. J. Holteman, Mr. and
Mrs. D. yon der Mehden, Mr. and Mrs.
H. Stuerken. Mr. and Mrs. J. Foge, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Holling, Misses Stella Block,
M. Llpman, D. Vehrman, Munster, F. yon
Staden, A. Stuerken, Dora Stelling, Elsie
Bullwinkel, Anita Bulwinkel. Dora Bull
winkel, S. Lupman and F. Dunkelmann;
Messrs. L. Levy, F. Block, C. Peters, A.
Lupman, F. Stuerken, J. Jahnsen, N.
Magnusen and J. Peters; Masters R. Hol
terman, A. Holterman and S. Busch.
Mr. and Mrs. Vincent Teresl recently
gave a dinner at their residence on Guer
rero street complimentary to Mr. and Mrs.
Ludwig Stern prior to their departure for
the East and Europe and as a welcome
home to Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Oscar Burns
(nee Teresl), who have just returned from
their honeymoon trip.
Mr. and Mrs. Smedley of the Waldemar
gave a very enjoyable fancy dress party
at their home, corner of Baker and Fell
streets, on the night of February 22. Some
200 guests were present in fancy costume.
The dance given by the Misses Fost
mann la.«t Friday evening at their home
on the northwest corner of Gough and
Eddy streets was an unqualified success-
Among those present were: Misses Pearl
Landers, Clara Underhlll. Eva Herrold
Edythe Fuscheron, Anna Vogelsang, Alice
May, Louise Stevens, Daisy Burns Belle
Long, Alice Hanon, Kathryn Dv Val, Lulu
Habonicht. Ella Rohlffs. Belle Lipp. Alma
Harder. Florence Duggan, Ruth Gedney
Mrs. Cole, Mr. and Mrs. George Habe
nicht, Mr. and Mrs. Lester Smith. Mr. and
Mrs. William Stuart, Mr. and Mrs. How
ard Barbier, Mr. and Mrs. William Mech
fessel; Messrs. William Adams. Fred
Boeckman, Ben Gillet, Frank Coakley
Isaac Upham. Henry Dedcrky, Ben Up
ham, Percy Steams, Joe Dowling, Harold
Forbes, Ernest Furet, Al Lang, George
Craig, Henry Juss, Hugo Herold, Bren
Townrend, R. Herold Jr., Harry Leppo
Eueeno Painter, R. Kelly; Drs. Stevens
Willard. Derby. Weyer, Legge, Gardner!
and Judge Kerrigan.
Mrs. Isaiah Leslie was given a surprise
on Saturday evening, the 17th inst., at her
residence, 1224 Vermont street, in honor of
her birthday. The following persons were
present: Mrs. and Misses Johnston, Mr
and Mrs. Doyle, Mies L. F. Knipe, Miss
Gertrude Sullivan, Miss Marguerite E
Mu'.lins, Miss Hazel V. Bell. Miss Jennie
Peterson, Miss Martha Leslie, Miss Ber
tha Grey, Miss Mattie Elrod, Miss Edith
Bryan. Mr. and Mrs. Barclay, Mr. and
Mrs. Walters. Mr. and Mrs. Madden. Mrs
and Miss Davles, Mr. J. and Miss Rodg
<-rs, Mr. and Miss Kcrr, Miss Lctetia
Hewitt, Miss Marie Anderson, Mr. and
Mrs. Irvine, Miss T. Johnston. D. Elrod
Edwin Hewitt. W. F. Howcll. Thomas
Hewitt. Thomas McClcan, James E. Oli
ver, John Gaustad. R, K. Anderson
Thomas Leslie, W. A. S. Hewitt, Robert
Leslie. L. Stone, Mr. Dolan, Mr. Owen,
Mr. Cotton, M. Andrews, Robert Charles
Bowes, Mr. Gilmore. H. Johnston.
A very pleasant "fan party" was given
by Miss Rose Bacigalupi at her residence,
24 Dorland street, on Friday evening, Feb
ruary 16. A most enjoyable evening was
spent in playing games, dancing, music,
etc., and concluded with a Cakewalk -by
Miss Flossie de Haven and Harry D. G.
Bray. Each person present .was present
ed with a souvenir fan, upon which was
inscribed the date of the party. Those
present were: Miss Olesine Plant, Miss
Gussie Currieux, Miss Mary O'Keefe, Miss
Marguerite O'Keefe, Miss Mary Hubber,
Miss Juliette Driscol, . Miss Marguerito
Lynch. Miss Flossie de Haven, Miss Liz
zie Wetjen, Miss Isabel Arnott, Miss Rose
Bacigalupi, Caspar Bovey, Percy Jeffries,
Peter Bacigalupi, Eugene O'Keefe, Emery
La Vallee, Harry D. G. Bray. Joseph Mar
ron, George -Ridoneg, Mike Ridoneg,
George Kelber.
A very pleasant and enjoyable surprise
party was tendered to Bert Whigham at
his residence, 449 Valencia street, on Fri
day evening, February 16. Among those
present were: Misses-May Donahue, Jo
sephine O'Connor, Flossie Wyatt, Anita
Eldridge, Gertie Campbell, Leslie Sarles,
Mabel Lee, Bessie Phillips, Irene Nolttng.
Lepna Schiller, Ethel Terry, Maude- Whig
ham, Nona Purinton; Mesers.-Bert Whig
ham, Arthur Lord, Fred Fry, George
Bickmora. Gilmore Thompson. Charles
their guests Mr. and Mrs. Jack Lipman of
Chicgao.
Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Spear are guests of
Mr. and Mrs. M. Spear:
¦ Mr. and Mrs. W. Westover have gone
to banta Monica for a short stay.
Mrs. H. H. Mayers of Portland. Or., who
has been .visiting Lieutenant and Mrs. J.
C. Meilke. has returned to her home.
Mr. and Mrs. Edmund de la Vergu- of
Colorado Springs and Mr. and Mrs. Paul
de la Vergue of Honolulu are guests of
Colonel and Mrs. George de la Vergue.
Miss Josephine Long, who has been vis
iting friends in this city, has returned to
her home in Ontario.
captain and Mrs. C. E. Thorn mve a box
party at the Orpheum, followed by a sup
per, on Wednesday evening. The follow-
U ls ?' sVere C Uf? sts: Mr. and Mrs. William
Bailey Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Balch. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Hamilton. Mrs. Day. Mrs Gord
ing. Miss Day, Joe Cook and Catesby
Thorn.
Mr. Tnd Mrs. Cornelius Cole announce
the engagement of their daughter, Mls3
Grace Cole, to Reginald F. Jones.
WINTER RESORT.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoa
buildlnir, 1170 Market ft., cor. Taylor, room*
2S-29. with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
The greatest skin focd and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes ; wrinkles by > rnaklne the skin Crm.
It renders the skin soft. ,
smooth, dear, white and
youthful. It is a liquid. JEfH&Vfioi&
Any cr»am of the con- LtW^lMlim
elstency of butter will a^£gg»^i«
Etlmulate the growth of cSH|^!J&/Bbt
hair on the face. Bran- E^rvVH
man Toilet Cream is M <* Ii raff
guaranteed not to do so. jfl *X3flHEr
All druggists and at
office of A. W. TRAY- tl^aß^^HT'E.
ERSE. M. D. -
Holt Was Avaricious.
Minnie Holt has sued her husband. Bert
PRE-NUPTIAL CONTRACT.
Abbie Hose Wood Sues to Enforce One
Involving Thousands.
Abbie Rose Wood, widow of the late Jo
seph M. Wood, has sued decedent's es
tate and Martha Wood, as executrix of
his will, to recover $10,000, under an agree
ment entered Into between herself and
her husband on December 30, 1597. In this
agreement Joseph M. Wood agreed to pay
Mrs. Wood, who was then Abble Rose
Smith. $10,000 for her agreement to re
linquish all claim to real estate he was
about to acquire, the contract by which
he was to acquire the property not to
go into effect until after their marriage.*
The agreement was entered into. for the
purpose of facilitating the transfer of the
property to Mr. Wood. Mrs. Wood claims
that she has not been paid the consider
ation for her agreement. Hence the suit.
Perfect Corsets fj
The French P. D.
and
The American J.B.
These brands are acknowledged to be the
best fitting, longest wearing and most com-
fortable corsets manufactured on either con-
tinent. They give the. figure a style which is
unequaled by any other make and allow the -
wearer perfect ease and comfort.
These celebrated corsets come in over 40
different styles, long, short and medium waist-
ed; they are well made of the best sateen,
Jeane, coutille and silk, in all colors, nicely
trimmed, well boned and containing the best
of steels.
Our corset department is the largest, most
cheerful and convenient in San Francisco and
has three large, airy, well lighted rooms which
are devoted entirely to fitting.
129 Kearny St.
tFWfe for our illustrated catalogue.
PIONEER RESIDENT IS
CALLED TO HIS REST
James P. Goodwin, a pioneer resident of
this city, passed quietly away yesterday
at his residence, 1313 Taylor street. Death
was primarily due to old age, but deceased
had been ailing for the past ten days.
Mr. Goodwin came to this city in the
month of January, ISSO. Immediately on
his arrival he engaged in the furniture
business on Wasnington street, and re
mained there for over ten years. When
the firm of Goodwin & Co. was estab
lished the business was transferred to the
Academy of Music building, on Pine
street. Mr. Goodwin retired from busi
ness in ISSS and had enjoyed his leisure
at his ranch in Sonoma County and at his
late residence on Taylor street. His home
is considered one of the landmarks of the
city. Mr. Goodwin and his family hiiving
resided there for the past thirty-seven
years.
Deceased leaves a son, James P. Good
win Jr.. and two daughters, Mrs. E. L.
May and Mrs. M. R. Britton. The funeral
will be held from his late residence on
Tuesday next and his body will be in
terred in the Masonic Cemetery.
EXPENDITURES TOO HIGH.
Auditor Wells Criticize* the Election
Commission.
The Election Commission Is the latest
to come in for unfavorable criticism on
account of high expenditures. Auditor
Wells said yesterday that he considered
the domands presented for the clerical
force of the board as being out of reason.
He cannot understand how an .office can
spend $1400 per month in addition to the
IMPORTANT SERVICES AT
CHURCH OF NOTRE DAME
The forty hours' adoration and "exposi
tion of the blessed sacrament" will begin
at the French Church of Notre Dame dcs
Victoires this morning. Rev. J. Gulbert,
S. M., will be celebrant at the solemn high
mass at 10:30 a. m., and Rev. A. Haniet,
superior of the Marist order, will deliver
the sermon.
A specially augmented choir will sing:
the mass of exposition. Professor S. Mar
tinez presiding at the new organ. At 7:30
p. m. solemn benediction will be given and
the sermon delivered by Rev. J. Guli>ert,
S. M. ¦
On Monday masses wilTbe celebrated at
7, 8 and 9 o'clock a. m. At the latter hour
the "Mass for Peace" will be said. At
7:45 p. m. solemn benediction and sermon,
by Rev. J. Guibert. S. M.
On Tuesday masses will be celebrated at
7, S and 9 o'clock a. m. The concluding
sermon will be preached by Rev. A. Un
met. Immediately following 9 o'clock mass
there will be solemn benediction, bringing
to a close the ceremony of the forty
hours. The blessed sacrament will be ex
posed for the adoration of the faithful
each day from 7 a. m. until 9 p. m.
Rector Holt, to annul their marriage, sol
emnized February 11 of this year. Mrs. ¦
Holt alleges that her husband married
her for the sole purpose of obtaining pos
session of $200 she owned and after ob
taining the same he abandoned her and
has never returned.
ralarles of the Election Commissioners,
who receive $1000 a year each.
The Auditor has expressed his Intention
to nold up at least two demands on th«
ground that the clerks who signed them
are incompetent. He says* the charter
givra him that power and he proposes to
use it. He also objects to signing the de
mand of the watchman at the warehouse,
corner of Eighteenth and Division streets.
containing the election booths, on th»
grounds that he is a useless adjunct sinew
the warehouse is boarded up and there l»
a police' station near by. The demands
under consideration Include the following:
Registrar Thomas J. Walsh. $200; Dep
uty Registrars P.. R. Barrett. $100; L. O*
borne. $10); J- D- de Haven, $100; J. H. Dig
nan. $100: D. J. Gordon. $100; William
Greenblatt. $100: H. Gutstadt. $100; C. H.
King Jr.. $100; C. C. Pratt. $100: G. H.
Ryan. $100; J. H. Zemansky, $100: T. A.
Anderson, messenger. $75: J. Dam*'.!,
watchman, $31 for January, $20 for Feb
ruary.
POSTOFFICE OFFICIAL
ROYALLY ENTERTAINED
W. G. Edens the Guest cf Honor of a
Local Branch of National Asso
ciation of Letter-Carrisrs.
W. G. Edens, Assistant Superintendent
of the Free Delivery Service, was the
Cuest of honor at an entertainment held
last night in Native Son's Hall by Golden
Gate Branch No. 214, National Association
of Letter Carriers. An excellent pro
gramme was arranged for the occasion
and it was enjoyed by nearly 300 of Uncle
bam s employes. The following numbers
wore rendered:
Opening remarks, James C. Murphy.
prcKirlt'iu Golden Gate Branch No. 214,
N. A. L. C; selection, W. L. Glrard;
tlute solo, Hermann Schafor, Station
H, 1 . O. ; solo, Harry Dinan; remarks,
A. M. Cox, superintendent carriers.
Athletic performances— 1. Manly art of
self-defense, W. l.enard and Thomas
Manning, D. Danzinger and George
Eager; 2. Club swinging, H. W.
Schrieber, kindness Olympic Club;
specialties, George Hammersmith;
recitation, Thomas W. Hlckey; songs,
Billy Hynes.
Mr. Edens was called on for an address
by Chairman Conrad Trieber and he re
sponded by thanking the organization for
the honors conferred on him and spoke
of the department and what was needed
to keep it up to a standard of perfection.
Ihe speaker told of his trip to this coast
and what its purpose was and said that
before returning to Chicago he would visit
San Jose, Los Angeles and other southern
points.
Among the prominent ' Postofflce em
ployes present were Deputy Postmaster
B. F. McKinley, Superintendent of Car
riers A. N. Cox; William Joseph!, super
intendent of Station A; J. Culver,.super
intendent of Station B; W. H. Philips,
superintendent of Station E; and Superin
tendent Stowell of. Station D: W. H.
Friend, Postmaster of Oakland; Theodore
W. Lydecker. Postmaster of Alameda;
Frank B. Griffin. A. P. Tyler, Frank Hare
and delegations from San Jose, Santa
Cruz, Oakland and Berkeley.
Conrad Trieber, George W. Splller. B.
Frank Ames, R. D. Barton • and H. M.
Locke, members of the committee ap
pointed to arrange entertainment for the
distinguished visitor, will to-day take Mr.
Edens for a drive through the park and
other places of interest.
THE^ SAX FRANCISCO .CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900;
Dwight, Ed Holihan, Ralph Cople.' Jack
Collins. Harry Keene, James Landers and
John Keefe.
Club Parties.
I Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Egnel were ten
dered a surprise party last Saturday even
ing at the Turn Verein Hall by the mem
bers and friends of the Swedish Singing
Society, Mr. Egnel being one of the char
ter members and secretary of the society.
A dinner a la Suede was served at 10 p. m.
and singing, speech-making and dancing
were the principal enjoyments during the
festival, which lasted until 3 p.. m. Mr.
Egnel received an elegant writing desk
from the club members in recognition of
his valuable services to the society.
Among those present were: .Mr. and Mrs.
A. E. Egnel. Mr. and Mrs. Alex Olson,
Mr., and Mrs. L. Gisslow, Mr. and Mrs.
Sam Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. J. Ander
son, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Olson, Mr.
and Mrs. M. Peterson. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Sandahl. Mr. and Mrs. P. E. Han
son, Mr. and Mrs. Christenron. Mr. and
Mrs. Johanson. Mr. and Mrs. Fred John
son. Mr. and Mrs. "A. Pihlstrom. Mr. and
Mrs. Bensonr Mrs. G. Lindberg. Miss M.
Schultzberg, Miss Agnes Lundgren. Miss
Llndstrom. Neils Nelson, C. Gardclius,
Mr. Bundt. J. Overblad. Alfred Oison,
Carl Tornborg, Mr. Johaiison, A. Or.gman,
E. Hogberg and A. Berg.
The Brotherhood of Locomotive Lngi
noers. Division Ml, and the Ladies' Aux
iliary, Division 106; gave a very enjoya
ble Valentine social dance last Wednes
day evening, February 14. at the Mission
Opera-house. The different committees
worked faithfully for success and wore
amply rewarded. The large hall was com
fortably filled. The dancing programmes
distributed were in the form of pretty
valentines. The floor was under th<^ able
management of George L. Resing, as floor
director, and D. E. Stewart, .assistant
floor director.
One of the most delightful entertain
ments of the season was given by the
Ladies' Auxiliary of the Veteran Volun
teer Firemen's Association at their spa
cious parlors in the Pioneer building, on
Fourth street, on Saturday evening, Feb
ruary 17. A fine literary and musical pro
gramme, under the direction of Professor
Bussart, was greatly enjoyed by the num
erous guests, and with dancing and re
freshments the affair v.as a great suc
cess.
The valentine party of the Nameless
ushered in with merrymnkir.g the New
Year of the club. One of the members
threw open her house for the occasion.
At S:3O the jolly party, in evening dress,
began to indulge in games, which were
kept up till the "wee sma 1 hours. Re
freshments were served in the dining hall,
where all the chandeliers were streaming
with gold and white hearts and a pretty
menu card awaited each as a souvenir.
First prizes wore awarded to Miss L. Ja
cobs and H. P. Spreckels; booby prizes
to Miss Bode and O. Thomas. Those pres
ent were: Misses L. Bode. E. Hargens,
D. Heltmuller. L. Jacobs. G. Kummer, E.
Mueller. B. Tletien. A. Tietjen: Messrs.
H. Heltmuller, E. Hyman. E. Michaels,
H. Muller, L. Meyer. E. Roethe, H. P.
Spreckels and O. Thomas.
The Amigo Outing and Social Club gave
its first dance in honor of George "Wash
ington on Wednesday evening last at
Amigo Social Hall.
In the future
The Arion Vereln will coon take posses
sion of their new rooms, 421 Post street.
The occasion will be celebrated by a full
dress ball, to take place Saturday even
ing. March 3.
The opening picnic of the season will
take place on Sunday, March 4, at Shell
Mound Park. A concert, dancing,' bowl
ing and target shooting will be among the
features of the affair.
Sailed Away
The passenger list of the steamship Ala
meda, which Failed on Wednesday, Feb
ruary 21, for Honolulu, Auckland and Syd
ney, was as follows: Honolulu— F. G.
Allen and wife, C. P. Billings. W. M. Car
rier, Miss O. Douglas, Miss N. Duff, W. L.
Emory. Miss N. Hawley, E. K. Jones, T.
N. Smith. T. C. Van Ness. John Water
house and wife. W. B. Wengler: Apia—
J. T. Bowers, Ensign L. C. Richardson;
Auckland— Miss Dora Wilson, Miss Har
riet Wilson. H. J. Wynne: Sydney— H. B.
Blagrave and wife. W. V. Buzacott, E. W.
Dodge. G. Franklin and wife. Miss Irene
Franklin, C. Gordon, T. C. James, Dr. C.
S. G. Nagel, wife, four children and maid.
Rev. M. Nelan. Mrs. M. B. Paige and
child. W. P. Postin, E. Rlckard. F. R.
Short, Mrs. M. C. .Wolfe, Miss A. M.
Wolfe, Captain W. ,A. Worrall, wife and
infant; jcln at* Honolulu for Sydney— J.
G. Carpenter and wife, R. C. Rawllngs.
Personals.
Mrs. Dorothea and Miss Frieda Joost of
Martinez will leave for New York Feb
ruary 27 and will sail for Europe March 15.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Levy have returned
from their wedding tour and will receive
at their residence, 153S Ellis street, Sun
day, February 25, between the hours of
2 and 5.
Mrs. Martin of the City of Paris mil
linery department has returned with a
complete line of novelties.
Mr. and Mr?. George E. Morse and Har
ry Cooper returned February 21 from a
visit to Washington, D. C, where they
were the guests of President William lie-
Kinley.
Mrs. Thomas Morffew and her son, Rob
ert P. Morffew, have gone to Tucson,
Ariz., to spend the summer months.
Mrs. Josef I. Manson of 917 Van Ness
avenue will be at home to receive her
friends the first Friday of each month.
Mrs. Jacobs and Mrs. A. Meyer of 1271
O' Farrell street will not be at home on
Saturday, March 3.
Mrs. Fred L. Lezinsky will be at home
to her friends the fourth Wednesday of
every month at 1272 Ellis street.
Los Angeles.
Mrs*. C. C. Parker gave an elegant recep
tion at her home In Orchard avenue on
Tuesday afternoon. Mrs. Parker was as
sisted in receiving by Mmes. Thomas
Ewing, George Steckel, S. S. Salisbury. W.
C. Patterson, H. R. Callender, J. J. Aiken,
Richard Mercer, W. V. Newlln, Misses
Mary Hunsaker, Gertrude Goodlng,
Maude Newell, Bernle Newlln and Emily
Shiveley. More than two hundred per
sons called during the afternoon.
Mr. and Mrs. K. B. Wyman entertained' 1
informally at their home in Bonnie Brae
street on Monday evening in honor of Rev.
George T. Dowling. rector of Christ
Episcopal Church. The following is a
list of invited guests: Mr. and Mia. Ben
Goodrich, Dr. and Mrs. A. W. Davisson,
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Hubard, Judge and
Mrs. L. A. Groff.Dr. and Mrs. Lee, Mr.
and Mrs. Herman Kerkhoft, Mr. and Mrs.
Albert Stephens. Mr. and Mrs. R. L.
Craig, Mr. and Mrs. George Bailey, Cap
tain and Mrs. Osgood, Mr. and Mrs.
George North, Judge and Mrs. Anderson,
Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Edison, Mr. and Mrs.
Bryant, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Davidson,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Galpin, Mrs. E. H. En
derlin, Mrs. S. O. Houghton, the Misses
Clara Bosbyshell, Miriam North, Annie
! Coffee, Miss Ryan, Helen Shields, E. C.
Payne and Peyton.
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Balch entertained
with a box party at the Burbank Theater
on Friday evening. The guests were Mr.
and Mrs. T. D. Connelly. Mr. and Mrs. E.
D. Silent and Miss Tautan.
Mrs. Hancock Banning entertained at
luncheon on Thursday at her home on
North Broadway. The- following were
guests: Mmes. M. W. Longstreet, J. D.
Banning, E. R. Kellam, the Misses Child*.
Hortense Childs, Clark, Inez Clark and
Chamberlain.
Mrs. Edgar Swain and Mrs. P, T.
Swain gave a whist party on Monday
afternoon at the home of Mrs. Edgar
Swain on Twenty-first street. The follow
ing were guests: Mmes. Adam Darling, N.
W. Stowell, J. A. Muir, J. N. Norton. S.
P. Hunt, Gilbert Overton, F. A. Walter, C.
S. Silent. W. O. Wedemcyer. Ira O. Smith,
J. T. Griffith, J. G. Chandler, C. B. Jones,
J. R. Roche, F. W. Bovnton, James San
born, W. I. Sanborn, Grace Sanborn, P.
B. Sanborn, Charles Hay, Easton, R. Me
! I-ioan nnd Miss Mather.
' E. S. Sullivan, local manager of the
Standard Oil Company, has gone to San
Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. :.R.: .R. B. Russell have gone
to Riverside to visit friends. *
S. 8., Hynes, general manager of the
Terminal railway, has gone East on busi
ness.
Miss Hlnda Clevenger has grone to San
Francisco to visit friends.
Mrs. A. L. Cline of San Pedro has come
to this city and will remain indefinitely.
H. S. Baer has as his guests Mr. and
Mrs. E. A. Baer of Bakersfleld.
Mrs. Walter Cosby has as her guest Miss
Callie Mead of San Francisco.
Mrs. Lucia Burnett has. returned from
Chicago, where she has been studying mu
sic for several months.
Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Alles have as their
guest Hon. D.-D. Brown of De Kalb, 111.
Mrs. John Chanslor and Mrs. Walter
Cosby have returned rrom a visit to San
Francisco. - .
R. A. Perry of San Francisco Is a jsrutst
of relatives for a few days. ¦
Mrs. I. 8. Lowman will receive her
friends on the first Friday of each month
at her new home,- 1314 Orange street.
* Mrs.. Blcknell. and Miss Edna Blckncll
have. gone to San Francisco.
Mr. and ' Mrs. J. Greenbaum havo as
SOCIETY kr.ows but one theme tnese
last days of the gay season— tht.
Mardi Gras Ball. Belles and :>eaus
are wrestling with the costume
problem, md so much hard and
profitable thinking has been done on
that subject that unusually happy results
may be expected. That it will be a tre
mendous society as well as an artistic s.n:i
financial success is already a foregone
conclusion. Ev<rybcdy Is going, and th€
crowd that will dance the first dance in
the r.ew ballroom at the Art Institute wJJI
be one that will be ultra fashionable and
brilliant, in the extreme.
With an aooon panirrrnt of merry mv-
Fh\ dainty cd^tuini's and twinkling lignts.
th«* Entre Nous Cotillon on last Friday
» v. nii:g gave )th fifth assembly and ger
man. The Entre Nous is an especially
Popular and successful organization, the
excellent management of which has been
in evidence at each of the six- assemblies
sr.d germans lhat have been given during
the season at the Palace Hole. Six pretty
and intricate figures of the cotillon were
dancod. Sanford G. Sewald and Mis? Flor
pnee Fitzgerald leading. The following la
dies and gentlemen were in the first set:
Misses Kittie Barlshaus. Alma Hink,
Charlotte Webster, Belle Rapp. Gertrude
F^ott. Alice Dunne, Mac Ludlow, Georgia
Reade. Mabel Phillips, Belle Heraer. Sadie
Ludiow. Coral Gilbert. Lulu Bergez. Atie.
laide Samuels. May McDonald, Beatrice
Jacques. Margaret Collins. Mabel McFad
den. Dr. and Mrs. Frank L. Platt, I- red
B. Hink. Herman Herzer. James T. Lud
low. S. Howard Smith. Fred W. Burgess.
Jess- Whited. Hubert Donnegan. Merritt
Robinson. C. J. Bauer, Louis F. Kelly.
Hugo Herzer. George Hendry, Fred Grcen
l*-e. Walter H. Robinson. Dr. Millikin, Dr.
A. T. Derby ami Oscar Meussdorlter.
They 're Engaged.
The engagement reception of Miss Car
rie Harris a:;d Ignatz Levy will take place
this Sunday afternoon, February 25, from
2 to 5, at €27 Eddy street.
Mr. and Mrs. Llnoheimer announce the
engagement of their daughter Sara to
Joseph Shanzer. At home March 4. from
2 toS p. tn.. at 222 Van Ness avenue.
The engagement is announced of Miss
I'ar.nie SternfeJd and S. D. Landdecker.
The engagement reception of Miss Julia
Herzog of San Rafael and Charles Jacobs
will be held on Saturday, March 4, at 1271
O Farrell street, from 2 to 5 o'clock, and
Saturday. March 10, at 1426 Jones street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Grace <"ook. niece of Mrs. Bruntsch of
Alameda. to John A. Percy, attorney-at
3aw. of San Francisco.
The ergagement is announced of Miss
I?yr<ie Isaacs of Trinidad, Colo., to Ferris
fcv Hartman of San Francisco. Will re
ceive on March 1, 1900. from 2 till 5 p. m..
at Mr. and Mrs. Re-igelman's. Temescal,
Oakland, C'al.
Wedding Bells.
On the evening of St. valentines day
Harry C. Closscn, son of the late Cap
tain Hiram Closson, was united in mar
riage to Miss Caroline Ruff of Marysville.
The wo<liii ng. a quiet one owing to the
lUnefis of the aunt of th*» bride, took place
at the residence cf J. Nicol. her uncle, 04
Seymour avenue, and was attended by
only the iKtimaio friends of the families.
The house was prettily deeorat<vi with
flowers and vinos. The ceremony was
performed by thr Rev. E. J. Lion of St.
Stephen's Episcopal Church, the bride
proom being s member of- the vested
choir of that church. Miss Ly!e Mtrritt
was maid of honor, and the groom waa
accompanied by Henry Ruff, brother of
the bride. Among the gues=ts present
were: Mr. and Mrc. T. Morrow. Mr. and
Mrs. S. K. Campbf-11, Mr. and Mrs. John
Eki'.lir.c. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Staley. Mr?.
J. Ruff of Marysv'lle. Judge and Mrs. E.
W. Barnard <>f Hawaii. Mrs. F. Over
acker, Mrs. M. Johnson, Mrs. M. H. Clos-
*on. Miss Mary Parker, Miss Annie Jurs,
Miss Ella Forsythe and James Nicol. The
bride received many valuable and beau
tiful presents. Business reasons prevented
the young couple taking a bridal trip to
the southern part of the State, as they
intended, and the following day they re
turned to their home at 1020 Oak street.
The marriage of Edwin Lansing, for
merly of San Francisco, to Miss Kitty
Alkndorf of New York City took place on
the evening of December 23. 1539. in Lon
don. England, the Rev. Dr. Christian of
ficiating. The young couple will reside at
present in London, where Mr. Lansing
has business interests, but anticipate
making a trip to- San Francisco in the
near future.
Miss Netta Ida Lane was married to
Harold E. Elliot last Saturday afternoon
at the home of the bride's mother, lffiJl
Post street. Rev. F. B. Cherington offi
ciated. The bride was gowned in a gray
tailor suit. She was attended by her sis
ter Charlotte, and W. A. Emerick acted,
as best man. Only a few intimate friends
were present.
On Wednesday, February 21. at the Gre
ro-Russian Church, by the Rev. Theodore
Pashkovsky, Miss Agrippinia Kasheraroff
and Charles L. Kennard were united in
the holy bonds of matrimony. The bride
was attended by Miss Metropolsky. Miss
Christine Bratemas, Miss Julia Keppa
and Mips Natie White. The groom was
attended by Alexis Kashevaroff, Frank
Poulson. Benjamin Elliot and George
Kashevaroff, brother of the bride, who
gave her into the keeping of her husband.
After the ceremony the guests repaired to
the home of the bride's parents, where a
sumptuous repast was served. -
KIRBY. Or.. Feb. 21.— George E.Mathew-
Fon and Miss Martha Adams, both of this
plare, were united in marriage by Rev.
E. Sams to-day. The wedding took place
in the M. E. Church, which was beauti
fully decorated for the occasion, and the
ceremony was witnessed by a large num
ber of friends and relatives. An elaborate
dinner was served afterward at the home
of the bride's parents. The groom is one
of Illinois Valley's prominent young
ranchers. The bride is the daughter of
Al Adams, the popular hotel man of Klr
by and Southern Oregon.
Home Gatherings
A pleasant surprise party jvas grlven to
Thomas F. Dignan on the 10th of Feb
ruary at his residence, 12G9 Clay street,
Oakland. The house was ueautifully dec-;
orated for the occasion. An excellent table
was set, and the evening was spent in
dancing and pinging: until a late hour.
Joseph Gaughran of San Francisco gave
Rome excellent selections in singing, as
did Miss Gertrude Hanley. Among tiiose
present were: Lester Hamlin, Frank
Buckingham, John Fraser. William Gari
baldi. Dr. J. L. Manning, Thomas F. Dig
nan. Joseph Gaughran. William Burton.
George Ingersoll, William F. Dolan. Ed
ward Murphy, Nick Walsh. Herbert Hem
ming, George Day, Sam Brand, Edward
Wright. James Dignan, William Hanley,
Owen Williams, William J. Hennessey,
James Roberts. John Williams. Chris
Baumgartnor, J. L. Xissen. V. Costello, E.
Smith. F. Nott. Lord Brock, Mr. and Mrs
M. Dignan. Mr. and Mrs. Hanley, Mr. and
Mrs. C. Hemming. Mrs. 11. Younger. Mrs.
1,. Wallace of Vallejo. Miss E. Ryer, Miss
A. Dignan, Miss L,. O"Neil. Mfas M. Mul
vey. Miss H. Brttton, Miss W. Palmer,
Miss D. Myer. Ml?s Winnie Mulvey, Miss
Jennie Britton. Miss Annie O'Xeil, Miss
Maud Lewis, Miss G. Hanley. Miss K.
Hanley, Miss Hazel Davis, Miss Belle
Burton, Miss Christine Westphal, Miss
Bessie Ahem, Miss Mattie Burton, Miss
Frances Roderick. Miss May Renton, Miss
Tessie Dignan, Miss A. Lelghton, Mis 3
Tes.« Mulligan, Miss Man' Dignan, Mrs
M. Price. Mr. and Mrs. J. Mulvey. Mrs
Britton, Miss L. Kehoe and Miss M. Ke
ho*;.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Van der Xaillen Jr. en
tertained pome of their friends at their
residence last Thursday evening, the oc-
Fvs 3<2sn y^y. Busy
past We3V . -
People appreciate the great
Values <$ am offering,
4 ¦ — ; -f
Halrdrcsslng 25 cts ~ f J
Quintonlca. ?
j Ha 'Vc T «'^mct Ie,I c, ; ™ *<**?* •***
V_ , — _— — -4. -Mail Orders Filled.
Dainty and
Handson)e
26
SOCIETY
Mardi Gras
Slippers and Ties
$2.00 up...,.
New and fashionable shapes and
colors. We can suit any taste, no
matter how fast dious. And our
; fresh stock LADIES' WALKING
$3.50 SHOES are exquisits in
style and finish, and quality is
; guaranteed. . .
Kast's
738-740 Market Street.COMMENCING THIS SUNDAY MATINEE and SUNDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY NIGHTS
MAGGIE MOORE
PRESENTS
HER AUSTRALIAN CO7V\F»AINY,
INCLUDING THE EMINENT ACTOR.
ivEFt. H. :Ft. ROBERTS,
IN HIS GREAT CREATION.
THE SILENCE OF DEAN MAITLAND
WEDNESDAY. FEB. 28. AND THREE FOLLOWING NIGHTS AND SATURDAY MATINEE,
MAGGIE MOORE'S
Reappearance in Clifford Robertson's Famous Musical Irish Comedy.
":m::r,s QXJiinsrs twiists."
Specially Written for and Played by Her.
NEXT ATTRACTION "DARKEST RUSSIA"
The event was under the direction of Mrs.
Annie L. Mocker, Lucle E. Hammersmith,
Edith Brown. Maud Jones. Annie Miller.
Margaret Ring, Daisy Fairchild, Evelyn
Greenlin. Tillie Broyer and Myrtle Lieb.
The following was the programme, which
was followed by dancing: Remarks by
president. Miss Jessie Crelghton; recita
tion. Mrs. E. S. Ciprico; specialties, Fran
cis and Gladys Day; barytone solo, Harry
Wood Brown; sons, George Hammer
smith; soprano solo, Miss" Sadie Leven
'on; specialties, Mlps Daisy Fairchild, and
.cmic selections, William J. Hynes.
Druidism.
Noble Grand -Arch James F. Martinoni
and Grand Secretary Graves have re
turned from their southern trip, which
was a most enjoyable one. The visiting
officials were well ; received everywhere
they went, and they found that there is
a sreat deal cf enthusiasm In all the
groves in that part of the State. On the
14th inst., in company with many mem
bers of Mazzini, Morton end Los Angeles
groves, they visited Magnolia Grove,
when two candidates were initiated. The
visiting officials compliment the officers
for the very effective rendition of the
work. This grove has received sixty-two
new members in the past six months. A
choice banquet followed the meeting and
It was 3 in the morning before the guests
and grove members separated. The fol
lowing night there was a visit to Mazzini
Grove, where there was instruction in the
work of the order, addresses and a colla
tion for the grand officers, members and
visitors from the other groves in Loa
Angeles.
On the 16th the grand officers visited
Sumner Grove at Bakersfield, where two
candidates were Initiated. After interest
ing addresses the grove closed and the
visitors were the honored guests at a ban
quet, that did rot terminate until 2:3u in
the morning.
On the 17th the grand officers reacheJ
Merced, where they were met by a com
mittee and escorted to Brother C. Scherts'
hotel and entertained. In the evening they
paid an official visit to Merced Grove iii
company with Past Noble Grand Arch M.
I. Sorensen. They received a hearty wel
come and were given evidence of the man
ner in which the work is done there by the
initiation of two candidates, and afte: the
work came pleasure in the shape of a ban
quet, speeches, songs aim a good iin
around time.
On the ISth inst. Past Noble Grand Arcn
Sorensen. who had been detailed as a com
mittee of one to escort the visiting gra.ul
officers to Modesto, performed that dv:/
in a very acceptable manner. At the «Je-
Cot they were met by officers and mern
ers of Modesto Grove in full regalia and
escorted in state to the Tynan Hotel,
where there was an informal welcome. In
the afternoon the grand officers, in com
pany with Mr. Sorensen and G. H. Ber
tram, alternate supreme representative,
attended a special meeting of Mistletoe
Circle No. 9. where they were received by
Arch Druidess Mrs. Christ, Mrs. Sorensen.
P. A. D.. and almost every member of t!>e
circle with a genuine welcome, after
which they were Invited to partake of the
ladles' hospitality at a dinner. On the
night of the 19th the grand officers, in
company with Messrs. Sorensen, Bertram.
L. A. Wolff, editor of the Druids' Maga
zine; G. G. Allegretto. A. QuiMci and mem
bers of Concordia and Stockton Groves,
visited Modesto Grove, where they were
treated to an agreeable surprise In the
decoration of the meeting place. It was
a mass of palms and smilax. while over
the stations of the sitting officers hung
the emblematic mistletoe and the snme
decoration hung over the altar and on the
wall over the chair set aside for the loHe
grand arch was artistically worked In
oranges "Hail to the Chief. Welcome Mar
tinoni." The decorations, which were the
work of G. R. Graves, the noble arch of
the grove, were much admired, and tl;e
designer was complimented by all. Twen
ty-seven candidates were initiated that
right, fifteen applications received and
six suspended members were reinstate"].
The ritualistic work was perfect, no bocks
being used, and the floor work was ad
mirable. This grove has gained sixty-two
members In the past two months. After
the close of tho grove, just preceding
which the noble grand arch delivered a
brief address. In which he reviewed the
work of the past year ami spoke in elo
quent terms of the welcome to himself
and other visitors, the doors were orenei
and strangers*, including ladies, to thf
number of 2>'K) were admitted. Mrs. Anna
Sorensen. P. A. D.. was mistress of cere
monies, and after a few words of welcome
by Noble Arch G. R. Graves there w.'re
addresses, music, songs and dancing. Re
freshments were serverl in an adjoining
hall.
Manzanlta Grove initiated six strangers
last Thursday and conferred the second
and third degrees on twenty-two entitled
to receive th*> same. This grove will have
a picnic at Buena Vista Park on the 20Ui
of April.
Improved Order of Bed Ken.
Last Tuesday, the great chiefs, accom
panied by members of Bald Eagle Tribe,
went to San Jose, and there instituted a
new tribe with fifty charter members, in
cluding many of the well-known business
men of the city and Santa Clara. A ban
quet followed the ceremonies.
Ralph Clues, a Deputy Sheriff of San
Bernardino County and member of Chow
chilla Tribe, visited the office of the great
chief of records last week and reports the
order in good condition in his section of
the country. Many palefaces are being
adopted. '
Senaca Tribe, composed of many of the
residents of North Beach, was instituted
in Red Men's Hallreccntly, and it prom
ises to bec-Qme one of the live tribes of
the city.
At the recent competitive drill in Sacra
mento between teams from Red Cloud of
Sacramento and Winnebngo of Oak Park
there was a large number of interested
spectators. The trophy went to Wlnne
bago by a small per cent, showing that
the teams were closely matched. Past
Sachrm Jennings of Montozuma Tribe of
San Francisco was the instructor of the
winning team.
Great Sachem Wilson has recently vis
ited Pocahontas Council. Whit" Eagle and
Althamos tribes and Matoka and Wyom
ing councils.
Pocahontas Council will give a casca
ron social in Shiels' building to-morrow
night, and Kawahe- Council has arranged
for a dramatic entertainment in Union
Square Hall on the last Thursday in
March.
The official visit of Great Sachem E. B.
Wilson of Altahmos Tribe was most sat
isfactory to that official, the membership
and visiting members. The team in the
most perfect manner conferred the war
rior's df-gr^e on five eliglbles. after which
there were long and short talks by the
great sachem. Great Junior Sagamore
Holder. Great Chief of Records Bliss,
Great Mishinewa Swan, Past Great Sa
chems Josselyn. Smith and Chase. Depu
ties Roche and Wheeler. Judge Cabanlss,
senior sagamore of Montezuma Tribe, and
Mr. Destuge of Yosemlte and Mr. Moore
of Altahmos Tribe.
Yosemitc Tribe is steadily forging ahead
and is continually adding to its member
ship by drawing from the palefaces." Last
Tuesday night It gav<» a rfmoker In the
banquet hall of the Post street wigwam
and the place was packed to the doors
by an audience that was treated to a
varied programme of interesting numbers.
Sachem E. Lastreto introduced A! C. Ber
thier as sire of the evening and then the
fun l»egan. . There were .specialties by
Donrllan and MeLemar. burlesque violin
by Kohler. songs by Cooney. Jackson and
McElroy: specialties by Burson and Drls
coll and by Fitzpatrick and Young,
"Friend Casey" by Oiglin and a cornet
solo by Arguella. T. W. B. Swan was the
accompanist. There was plenty of to
bacco and pipes and a collation. A. C.
Berthier. J. Ohlandt. M. Goldman. G. H.
Stein and Ahrensburger were the com
mittee and they were assisted by District
Deputy J. H. Hutaff.
Woodmen of the World.
Last Monday night Golden Gate Camp,
Woodmen of the World, under the' direc
tion of Georgo J. Strong. J. S. Patterson
and J.C. Rouse, its committee on social
hour, gave the first of a series of high
class entertainments it' proposes to give
on the third Monday night of each month.
This was entirely musical and the num
bers were: "Monarch of the Wood," vo
cal solo, by Joseph W. Fisher; "Don't Be
Angry." Master George Kroger; tenor
solo, George F. Lelong; "Flower Song"
from "Fnust," Lilly Laws; "Asthore."
Edward Robinson; barytone solo, P. w.
Folev; "Sweet Face of My Mother." Mas
ter Kroger: tenor solo. A. W. Daulnan;
"Life Has No Power," trio by Lilly Laws,
E. A. Robertson . and C. F. Lelong, and
then there were coon songs and a graph
aphone exhibition of reproductions. There
were nearly one hundred and fifty who
enjoyed the excellent programme. The
committee says that when the thousand
members hear of these entertainments the
The Eastern Star.
One of the prettiest features of the en
tcxtainrr.ent given on the night of the 16th
inst. by King Solomon's Chapter No. 170
of the Order of the Eastern Star was the
Japanese drill by the following-named
ladies, who were all attired "in Japanese
coetcme, and who, when on the floor,
made as pretty an Oriental picture as any
ariift would tiesire to eketch; Mesdameb
Linea L. Ba«?hr, Villa Abraham, Jane
Dawson. Lucille Wrenn and I. S. Hobbs
and Misses May F. O'Keefe, Gertie Cum
mer, Bertha Hobro. Ivy Perkins, Fannie
M: Franklin. Alma McPhun, Daisy A.
Doud, Grace Hill. Lettia Blade, Olivia
Pollock and May Foster. While the other
numbers on *he programme were of high
«.ii~.s-s. this c?k? surpassed their, all, rot
only in the drill but in tlie dclsarte move
ments end the singing of songs. The ls
cies -wore loudly applauded and wore
lorced to giv-.- ar. encore. The perfectness
of drill was ihe result cf the pains taken
by Mrs. M. E. Blade, the matron of the
chapter, who instructed ihore who took
part. The entertainment, which was a
very rieasing one, was under the direction
cf the committee of arrangements com
posed of Mrs. Linea L. Buehr. Mrs. Jane
Dcwson. Mrs. Villa Abrahams. Mrs. Lu
ciUe Wrein. A. M. Blade and A. W.
Licchti. assisted by the following-named
committees: Reception. Mesdames M E.
Blade. N. A. Wood. C. T. Cleve, Sophie
Newman. Cavanaugh. Bottomley and
Athcrn and Messrs. A. ML Blade, F. B.
Wood F. R. Drinkhouse. Max Abraham
and Harry Baehr; floor committee. D. J.
OKeefe, C. T. Cleve, B. C. Park, L. New
man and George Heinecke.
Last Thursday night Harmony Chapter
at its meeting initiated one candidate and
there ere three more to be initiated at the
next meeting. After the close of the meet
ing there was a dance in the hall below
End an impromptu programme, during
which there was vocalization by Miss
O'Rouike. Miss Cole. Mr. Jones and a
recitation by Miss Pike.
At its meeting last Thursday night King
Solomon's Chapter had work in the in
itiatory degree and after that had been
concluded and addresses had been made
by Grand Patron Darling and other prom
inent members of the order there was a
collation served to all present. By a unan
imous vote the chapter changed its meet
ing night from the second and fourth
Thursday to the first and third Wednes
day of each month.
Order of the Amaranth.
Last Monday night Crescent Court of
the Order of the Amaranth, after the
close of its business meeting in Elks'
Hall, had a banquet at which there were
present a number who are eligible to
membership in the order in addition to
the members. The occasion for this was
a welcome to Mrs. Adoie L. Bailou, the
first royal matron of the court, upon her
return to this city after an absence in the
East for some time. After the menu had
been disposed of Past Royal Patron Drew.
in an eloquent speech, presented to Mrs.
Bailou on behalf of the court a magnifi
cent Jewel of the rank of past matron.
It is a five-pointed star, over which is
laid a wreath of amaranth. There was a
ict-ponse from the recipient, who in glow
ing language reviewed the rise and pro
gress of the court, told of her visit East
end of the kindly reception she had re
ceived in the various courts, and how the
courts of New York had joined in offering
her a testimonial in the thape of a beau
tiful emblematic jewel, and she thanked
the donors for the gift, as it will serve to
rf-mind her that while absent the members
cf the court did think fondly of her. Then
followed short addresses by Mr. and Mrs.
G. D. H^ath. visitors from the East,
George L. Darling. Mrs. Jennie A.
Graves. th*» royal matron: Mrs. Malgren,
past royal matron, and Florin A. Jones,
the royal patron. Mrs. Nellie A. Darling
favored with vocal felec*ions.
The • Rebskahs.
The social given last Monday night by
Iyoyal Lodge in the banquet hall of the
Odd Fellows' building was well attended
and there was in addition to the dancing
a short programme of entertaining num
bers. Among those who contributed to
the evening's entertainment were Mrs. F.
J. Panic]?. Mrs. Genie Engelnright and
.Mr. T«*n Eyke. During the evening the
ladies of the lodge treated all present to
ic<=- cream and cakes.
Mission Rc-bekah Lodge gave a Wash
ington party in Excelsior nail last night.
There was a good attendance, a special
programme and dancing.
Last Wednesday night Oriental Re
bekah Lodge had a grand entertainment
In th»» banquet hall of the Odd Fellows'
building end the many who were present
enjoyed in addition to a good programme
a snowballing contest, which wan fol
lowed by a candy pull, an old Vermont
"sugaring off" and dancing.
The Native Sons.
The twenty-fifth anniversary banquet of
California Parlor No. 1 on last Tuesday
r.!ght was attended by about one hundred
and fifty persons, including some of the
most prominent members of the order and
the Governor of the State. A choice menu
was served after which E. Myron Wolff,
The toastmaster. delivered an eloquent ad
dress cf welcome anrt then called for re-
Fponses to toasts as follows: "California
Parlor." President Ix>uis Lacaze; "The
Order." Grand President Frank Mattison;
"California." Governor Gage; "Pioneers."
Grand Trustee M. T. Dooling; "The
Press," M. C. Allen; "Golden Anniversary
of California." Grand Orator L,. P. Bying
ton: "Fellowship." Isador Jacobs; "Na
tive Daughters," Grand Secretary Henry
Lunstedt; "San Francisco," Dr. Conrad.
An orchestra furnished instrumental and
the Knickerbocker Quartet vocal music
during tlie erening. It was one of the
most pleasant affairs that has ever been
given by this parlor and the success of it
•s due to Jam*-s P. Dockery. R. H. Morse.
W. D. Hohro Jr., O. L. Blackman and
Henry F. Pernau.
The fifteenth anniversary ball given by
El Dorado Parlor last Tuesday night was.
despite the unpleasant weather, attended
by an assemblage of Native Sons and
Daughters who thronged the hall, which
for the occasion was decorated in gold
and ferns. It was an evening dress affair
and a most enjoyable one. President
William J. Guinnane. who was the floor
manager, led the grand man:h, escorting
Miss Guinane. his sister. The member
ship of Orir.da Parlor of the Native
Daughter? was well represented in the
groups of elegantly costumed ladies pres
ent.
Sequoia Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden \\>i<i, and Fremont Parlor of the
Native Daughters have formed an as
sociation to arrange for joint action In the
1900 celebration of Admission day. L. M.
Banncn is the chairman; Mrs. Daniel
Daniels, vice chairman; R. D. Barton,
?»cretary, and \V. B. Johnson, treasurer.
This association will meet on the third
Wednesday of each month. .: *>
Gf-or»<« E. Springer, secretary of the
executive committee of Argonaut Parlor's
P"n*Tal committee for the entertainment
cf the Grand Parlor in Oroville next April,
ha? written to Secretary Ja.mison of the
Past Presidents' Association inviting the
association to vlfit that city and an
nounces that a hall will be provided and
all done that can be to advance the new
association.
There will !><? an official visit to Bay
City Parlor next Wednesday night.
The theater party of California Parlor
will be in the Oran'd Opera-house to-mor
row and Tuesday nlsht. A number of
new attractions will be presented.
The Native Daughters.
The Harmony Whist Club, composed of
tweaty marrk-d Native Daughters, mem
bers of Aloha Parlor of Oakland and or
parlors Jn this city, held a meeting at
the residence in this city of Deputy Grand
President Mrs. Acmes L,unstedt on the
afternoon cf the 12th inst., and at the
clof-o of the m.^ling the members were
thejguest* of Mrs. Lunstodt at an ex
<*!!e«t Flipper. After supper Past Grand
President Mrs. BoUq Wingffrld Conrad,
who ie the president of the club. Invited
the entire membership to accompany h*"r
to a theater party she had eot up i:i
celebration of the anniversary of the
birth of Mrs. Harry Helden. the club's
treasurer. She as w«JI as the president
have been in their respective offices for
three years. The three events were
greatly enjoyed by all participants.
Grand vice President Mrs. Ema Gett
recently organized two new parlors in
Sacramoruo, one. La Handera with twen
jy-Fix charter members, and the other.
Suiter Parlor, with fifty-six charter mem
ber*. That b*»ais the record of any or
ganizer in the 6tate and makes three par
lors now in the State capital.
The number of ladles and Kenilcmen
tvho on last Monday attended the enter
tainment given by Darlna, the parlor of
beautiful girls of th*- Western Addition,
v.ere treated to a most enjoyable pro
franme of varied numbers. The young
)adics of the parlor all looked their pret
tiest and were extremely attentive to all.
GRAND OPERA=HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN E32.
CROWDED EVERY NIGHT.
FOURTH WEEK
Commencing TO-MORROW EVENING.
FOURTH and LAST EDITION
Ballad, "Bell?ve," by Rosey. and by general
request, "The Sweetest Story Ever
ToM" Edith Mason
"The Sousi March Girl"
Hattic Belle Ladd and chorus
Sons and danre Little Maude Sorensen
New edition of the "Irish Cakewalk"
Arthur Wooley and the Capriole Octet
The Hawaiian Quintet in new selections.
AND THEN COMES
Edward B, Adams
The Famous Descriptive and Coon Singer,
Direct from Keith's Theater, New York.
In
"ALL I WANTS IS MA CHICKENS,"
"When Susan Thompson Tries to Reach
High C."
The present London Graze. "The Plumber,"
and "The Moth and the Flame."
The Moth and the Flame play'd a game one
day, the game of a woman's heart;
And the Moth that play'd was a maid, they
cay, the Flame was a bad man's art.
The Moth never knew, ns Fhe flew co near,
that Flame was a lisht of shame,
But she fluttered ay.ay, Just in time, so they
Eay— that's the tale of the Moth and the
Klame.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved seat in orchestra Saturday
Matinee, 25 cents.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUffTTHT-iM HM'l'H,
AMUSEMENTS.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE.
JUDGE WILLIAM G. EWINO of Chicago, a
member of .the International Board of Lecture-
ship of the First Church of Christ, Scientist,
in- Boston. Mass, will lecture in Metropollta/s
Temple TUESDAY- EVENING, February 27. on
"CHRISTIAN. SCIENCE. THE RELIGION OF
JESUS CHRIST." .
' The admission is free and the public la cor-
dially' Invited. • _. :
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
Continued Success of
BLANCHE LE GLAIR SLOAN
Tod's Sister and the Queen of the Flying Rings.
TRIXEDA
A Marvel of Grßce and Beauty.
MLLE.THELMA,
Poses Plastlfjue Extraordinary.
And a Host of Others. ALL STARS.
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEE EVERY- SUNDAY.'
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-CALffORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
February 28 to March 10. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Raclnjr Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-.
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 5 p. m.. connecting
•with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts; no amokinsr. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. Alt trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
, electric ears at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole -con-
nect wtth San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
: Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 «nd
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
INGLESIDE
INGLESIDE 1
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK. '
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK. |
UNPARALLELED — --
UNPARALLELED
UNPARALLELED r----
- - - - -ATTRACTIONS !
::::: ATTRACTIONsi
.....TO-DAY
.....TODAY.....
Sunday, February 25th, 1900.
P. J. REXLLT, Judge;
H. MTJRHAY, Slippsr.
Mission-street Electric cars direct
to Coursing Park in 20 minutes.
INGLESiDi *
INGLESIDE
IrJuLbolUt ¦
COURSING PARK. '
COURSING PARK. ';
COURSING PARK.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY SSTSft SUNDAY
GREATEST
COURSING
EVENTS
OF THE YEAR!
JOHN GRACE and
BELLE BRANDON
CHALLENGE CUPS
WORLD'S CHAMPION DOGS
TO COMPETE FOR
$3000 in prizes $3000
TRAIN SERVICE
Leave Third and Townsend streets 10:15 a. m.,
11 a. m 12 m.. 1 and 2p. m. : Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets five minutes later. Returning
at 4:45 p. m. and after last course. San Mateo
electric ' cars every six minutes. ¦
ADMISSION - -25 CENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAT SUNDAY
TO-NIGHT— "THE PRODIGAL FATHER."
TO-MORROW f Story
MIGHT, To-day.
By Clay M. GreJne and Joseph R. Grlsmer,
The NEW SOOTH
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
. Next Week— "NEVER AGAIN."
In Preparation— "SAPllO."
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
(Preliminary to the Concerts at the California Theater.)
SIX EXPLANATORY RECITALS AT THE PIANO
BY
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH
' Under the Direction of C. L. GRAFF, on the
.WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS,
AT 11 O'CLOCK IN THE MORNING.
Monday, March sth 1 f "DAS RHEINGOLD "
Wednesday, March 7th.. Nlbelungen "DIE WALKURE."
Saturday. March 10th Tetralogy. "SIEGFRIED."
Monday. March 12th J 1 <> GOTTERDAMMERUNG."
Wednesday, March 14th "PAR3IF\L."
Saturday, March 17th .........."TRISTAN AND ISOLDE "
Subscription Tickets for the Series : , s M
Reserved Seats for Single Performances ...„ j j^
Season Sale of Tickets for Entire Series opens at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Tuesday Morn
Ing February 27th, at 9 o'clock.
Sale of Tickets for Single Performances opens on Thursday Mornlns, March Ist. at 9
Free List Suspended Without Exception.
' ¦ ¦ ' STCINWAY PIANO USfcP.
MECHANICS PAVILION.
NORRIS & ROWE'S
BIG
Trained Animal Shows.
16— DAYS— 16 COMMENCING 14-DATS— H
SATURDAY, MARCH 3.
Performances. 2 and 8 p. m. Dally.
A Grand Free Spectacular Street Carnival and
Illuminated Parade Will b« Given
Friday Night at S O'clock.
300-PERFORMIK6 ANIMALS-300
TRAINED ELEPHANTS,
TRAINED ZEBRAS,
TRAINED DOGS,
TRAINED PONIES,
TRAINED MONKEYS. ... ¦*..;¦
TRAINED GOATS. /
TRAINED TARUS INDICTS. r
Positively the Largest. Handsomest and Sloat
Hlshly Educated Collection of Anircala
In th« World.
See the ANIMAL FIRE DEPARTMENT,
See the CHARIOT RACES,
See the TANDEM RACES,
See the ANIMAL TSOXER3.
See the FUNNY CLOWNS.
Every Act and Feature Absolutely Xrw TM»
Season.
Don't Miss the NEW BIG PARADE.
PRICES— ADULTS. *sc. •!
PRICES— CHILDREN. 10c.
CAHFORNIA THEATER.
THE MUSICAL EVENT OF THE SEASON !
WEEKS OF MARCH sth and I2th.
SIX GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
ON THE
WAGNER OPERAS and MUSIC DRAMAS.
MADAME GADSKI, Prima Donna ;
MR. DAVID BISPHAM, Farytone ;
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH, Composer and Conductor.
Under the Direction of MR. C. L.. GRAFF.
REPERTOIRE OF FIRST WEEK:
Tuesday Afternoon. March 6, at 2:15... "TAXNHAUSER"
Thursday Afternoon. March 8, at 2:15 : "THE FLYING DUTCHMAN"
Friday Afternoon, March 9.. at 2:15...- "DIE MEISTERSINGER"
SECOND WEEK-EVENINGS OF MARCH 12. 13 AND 14.
Subscription Tickets for the Entire Series of Six Concerts $10— $12— $15
TICKETS FOR SINGLE PERFORMANCES 75c, $1, $1.50. $2, $2.50[ $3.
Subscription sale of seats for the entire series of six concerts opens at the box office of the
California Theater on Tuesday morning, February 27. at 9 o'clock.
Sale of tickets for single performances will open Thursday morning, March 1 at 9 o'clock
FREE LIST SUSPENDED WITHOUT EXCEPTION. STEINWAY PIANO USED. '
For an Encasement Limited to
TIA/O WEEKS,
_fH llf rS Art ENTIRELY
/B #V # M " EW
JT^k. M W &<*_# PRODUCTION OP
"W/"\ T T f fT| Mr. Thompson will positively ap-
ITV/ M. L.- pear during this engafcement (for
the flrst time here In over twelve years), pre-
Eenttns his original creation of Joshua Whit-
comb.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE— Special.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, Marcli 1, at 3:15
F"OURTH
Grand Symphony Concert
Cn<Jer the Direction of
HENRY HOLMES.
TO MUSICIANS IN THE ORCHESTRA.
Reserved Seats— 2sc. 50c. 75c, %l and II 50. On
sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'?.
1 CITY OF #H^ PARIS I
i DRY GOODS GOMFVA-NY. i
1 COLORED DRESS GOODS 1
f SPRING ANNOUNCEMENT I f
t Our stock is now complete In every detail, with all £
| the LATEST PRODUCTIONS for this season, procured ?
t from the home and European markets, comprising t
| HOMESPUNS, TWEEDS, SCOTCH CHEVIOTS |
'* And an infinite variety of ROUGH MATERIALS so |
:j: fashionable for this season. \ ::
? ' ::
? We Quote the Following Special Values: v
| 52-inch HOMESFUN, in all shades QC AA |
± of grays and tans, splendid value $v«UU SUIT ?
t 52-inch VENETIAN CLOTH, just ar- QC AA . |
J rived, in all colors tPOiUU SUIT ?
t ZSBELINE PLAIDS, in very choice color- CAn *
? ings. U\J{j YARD ?
I Also SPLENDID VALUES in the HIGHER GRADES |
? OF MATERIALS, whether for house or street wear. *
t . ±
x X
4. COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. JL
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, f
X SE. Comer Gearj and Stoolton Streets, San Francisco. T
jf UNION S<?U£*F£E. "f
NEWS OF FRATERNAL SOCIETIES
hall will not.be large enough to hold them
all.
Last Wednesday night San Francisco
Camp had a novel entertainment in Hein
man's Hall, at Twentieth and Howard
streets. Consul Commander W. B. Wilson
introduced W. L. Temple, the general or
ganizer for California, who delivered an
eloquent address on Woodcraft, after
which was introduced the pho-stereo com
bination which is being exhibited in the
interest of the organization department by
C. E. Campbell of Denver. Col. A number
of views were thrown upon a screen while
the phonograph reproduced appropriate
songs and addresses by Head Consul FaiK
enberg and other prominent members of
the order. This proved very interesting,
as between speeches and songs there were
many funnyisms. The many who were
present then indulged in dancing to music
by a band composed of members of the
camp, under the leadership of Professor
Shaffner, late of the Twenty-fourth United
States Infantry band. The affair was un
der the direction of J. M. Mallady, C. E.
Justice and H. J. C. Hartley. During the
evening fifteen applications were received.
In Elkdom.
San Francisco Lodge at its last meetir.g
received three applications. It has con
cluded its arrangements for the stag so
cial to be given. on the 9th of March. The
members of the lodge will pay a fraternal
visit to Oakland Lodge on the night of the
Ist of March.
The San Jose Lodge is .arrang
ing for a stag social during March.
The meetings of the lodge in Oak
land are always well attended. ¦ The
Sacramento lodge has a member
ship of 350, and is receiving new members
at every session. San Diego Lodge reports
initiations and applications at every meet
ing. Los Angeles Lodge has over 4W mem
bers, is still Increasing and has one of the
finest halls in the State. Stockton Lodge
dedicated its new hall last Wednesday,
and it is a very fine one. There were pres
ent Elks from San Francisco, Sacramento,
San Jose, Los Angeles and Fresno. The
new lodge at Vallejo reports good prog
ress, and a lodge is in process of organiza
tion at Redding.
Stationary Engineers.
• The smoker given last Tuesday night by
San Francisco No. 1. National Association
of Stationary Engineers, was one of the
most interesting events ever given by that
association. There were present In the
Association Hall at 20 Eddy street a large
number of the members and many vis
itors, who were delightfully entertained
by the committee, consisting of Thomas
Williams. John Leary and Edward Kelly.
Mr. Henderson of the International Corre
spondence Educational Bureau delivered
an interesting address on the work of that
body. Robert Carr of Chicago gave an in
structive talk on the mechanical indus
tries of the United States, H. K. Moultrop
had something to say about the advance
that had been made in the United States
in the past twenty years in those matters
that most interest the members of the
association, W. T. Bonney entertained
with some valuable information on en
gineering in general and C. C. Elsasser,
the national conductor, spoke of the pro
gress of the association in the United
States. Then followed a collation and
wine, and between "bites" . there were
stories, reminiscences and talks that
helped to mak« the evening a most en
joyable one. The association proposes to
have such a gathering once a quarter.
Maccabees.
San Francisco Tent, on the night of the
ICth Inst., had at its review a large num
ber of members and visiting sir knights.
Chief W. B. Greenberg of the Apache
team brought in another scalp and his
team Is still leading the Sioux. A num
ber of the visitor* delivered interesting
addresses and the quartet furnished vocal
selections.
The members of Pacific Tent are feel
ing quite jubilant, "for." as one of the
members remarked at the last held re
view, "things are coming our way." The
entertainment recently plven in Golden
Gate Hall in aid of the team rrgalia fund
was a great success and realized a sum
that will warrant the tent in securing the
necessary regalia and enable the team
to work with all the modern appliances
in about two wreks. on which occasion
a number of candidates will have an op
portunity to see the full ceremony. The
tent Is arranging for a "stag" party to
be given in the near future, possibly in
March.
Golden West Tent, at the close of its
review on last Tuesday night, when eight
strangers were initiated, had an interest
ing programme under "good for sir
knights." There were dramatic recita
tions by Daniel E. Hanlon; instrumental
music by S. K. Patton. and other features
that made that portion of the review very
pleasant.
Knights of Honor.
Last Monday night Union and Keystone
Lodges of the Knights of Honor paid a
fraternal visit to. Yerba Buena Lodge, and
a most enjoyable evening was the result.
There were addresses by the prominent
members of the visiting lodge and by the
grand officers who were present.
The visitors and members were well en
tertained by the sitting lodge. There was
an address by Grand Dictator Archibald,
remarks by Prof. Phil Prior of Polar Star
Lodge and by Joseph A. Moscrop. M. L.
Crowe entertained with a Scotch song. M.
Thomas favored with a select reading,
and a number of others added to the even
ing's pleasure with songs.
There was a large attendance of knights
and gentlemen friends at the smoker
given last Monday night by Liberty Lodge
in the Alcazar' building. Under the direc
tion of the "committee on noise," consist
ing of J. A. Johnston, Ben I. Salomon
and B. E. George, with the first named
as the chief, there was presented a good
programme that kept the audience to
gether till midnight. There were instru
mental selections by Cellarlous. club
swinging by Milton Bean, specialties bY
the little Bennett sisters, vocal solo by
Bonner Wilt, coon songs by Carr and Em
erson, an address on the order by Assist
ant Grand Dictator Salomon n.nd boxing
contests by Thurston and Vlckers of the
San Francisco -Athletic Club and Alex
Greggains and Joe Milton.
Glenwood Park, in the Santa Cruz
mountains, has ¦ been secured for the
Knights of Honor picnic to be given on
the 30th of next May.
Grand Dictator Archibald has gone on
an official visit to Fresno, and before he
returns he will visit the lodges in Merced
and In Modesto.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Alta Lodge of the Ancient Order of
Workmen at the last held meeting in
creased its membership by the admission
of two stranpers by Initiation. This lodge
has arranged to give an .entertainment
and a dance to its friends in Mangels'
Hall In the Mission on the 27th inst. The
entertainment will be the comic opera of
"Penelope," presented under the direction
of Miss Annie Rooney. It Is a very amus-
Insr production and will engage the atten
tion of the audience during the early part
of the evening, after which there will be
dancing.
Sons of Benjamin.
At the last held meeting. of Golden Gate
Lodge fourteen applications for member
ship were received. This, the baby lodge,
is being advanced rapidly and It is en
deavoring to excel the older ones in point
of members and finance.
California Lodge has three and Pacific
Lodge two applications to' act upon.
Foresters of America,
At the meeting of Junior Court Pride
of Pacific last Tuesday three strangers
were admitted . to membership by initia
tion in the presence of Grand Sub-Chief
Hugo K. Asher. who that nijrht paid the
court an official visit. After the , work
the visiting official gave a very interest
ing talk. The court is organizing an or
chestra to play appropriate music during
Initiations, and St Is also selecting a base
ball team to challenge teams from other
junior courts.
Tlie Chcsan Friends.
Last Tuesday night America Council of
the Chosen Friends initiated three candi
dates and added one to Its membership
by card. This council has still several
to receive -by Initiation at the next meet
ing. , - ¦' •
AITUSKMENTS.
"BOOT MON."
The Greatest Play to See
You'll F.nd Now at the
TIVOLI
All Competition We Defy;
You Must Not Miss
H l&e? P| s y
The Fun and Music Are Sublime;
To-Morrow is the 50th TIME.
Each Night You Can Enjoy the Play,
Or "Drop In" Saturday Matinee.
_____ - 1
Our Prices Make the Biggest Hits,
SEATS COST BUT "TWO" AND
"TWICE TWO" BITS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
Mi Cammeadng IQ-OA'f, SUMDAY MATINEE, hi 25.
A NEW BILL OF INTERNATIONAL STARS!
FRANKS TRIO
In an original gymrat!«tlc novelty. Direct from
Europe^ '
TROVOLLO
The master ventriloquist of two continent*.
The PASS PARTS
Europe's most marvelous danclns wonders.
Pauline Moran
Ar<\ her clever pickaninnies.
KATHRYN OSTERMAN & CO.
In a new sketch. "TO-MORROW AT 12."
UUSHMAN, KOLCOMBE & CURTIS
Presenting "THE NEW TEACHER." New
Songs — New Stories.
HA^RfS~~&~ FIELDS
Who play pool In German.
DE WITT & BURNS
Perch equilibrists without equal.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
Entirely new B*ries of views.
Matinee TO-DAY. SUNDAY, Feb. 25.
Parquet. 15 cents, any seat: Balcony. 10 centa;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats, 50 cents.
A few front orchestra rows reserved. EO
cents: front rows of balcony, reserved. 25 cent*.
lADDINfiPf) ! Charles Frohman has ar-
Anll i IMILV • ranged to send to this the-
ater early next month the original New
York cant, presenting William Gillette's lat-
ett comedy.
"BECAUSE SHE LOVED rJIM SO."
"DON'T MISS SEEING THEM."
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT.
THE KEAL JEFFRIEJS-
TBEKEAL BHARKEY
CONTEST PICTURES
POPULAR PRICES.
IMPORTANT!— ThIB popular place of amuse-
ment will remain closed for two weeks to allow
for important stage Improvements.
On SUNDAY AFTERNOON, March 11— First
' Time in This City of the New and Laugh-
able Farce Comedy.
"HAVE YOU SEEN SMITH?"
CHUTES AND ZOO.
— •
EVEKY AFTERNOON AND EVKNINO. *
MAJOR MITE; LILLIAN VOX TtLSE: ta«
BLACK BARTONS: OUIIANA: PAUL LA
CROIX: GEOP.GE BYRD: VOLKYRA &ad
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY NIGHT,
MAGNIFICENT DISPLAY
BY THE
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
Phone for Seats PARK 23
27DOOT AMI MIOi: HAUGMNS.
CHILDREN'S rhoea. neat and good, special.. Sac
LadleV lace or button shoes, special Jl (n
r-0 pair iren's chocs. all sires, special $1 15
people's Shoe Store. 13(3! Stockton, nr. Br'dw'y.
IIL'SINHSS CIIANCUS.
pXrtTNER "wanted with 1300: can clesr~s7s
month. COWING & CO.. USO Market St.
CANDY and bakery; best In city; cause, slck-
neg» COWING & CO.. 1130 Market »t.
13000 BUYS good-paying restaurant and room-
• Irq house: would take partner; trial given.
Bex 42Ci. Call efflce.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mlislon.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. C3c: ladles. 91* O'Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
6-ROOM elegant cottage; modern; bath and
baggage room; rent reasonable; quiet; refer-
ences. Sl7 Seventeenth st., Oakland.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms: furnished; rent reason-
able; quiet; references. Sl5 Seventeenth st.,
Oakland. •¦¦. '
FOLSOM, . 2326— Cottage; 7 rooms and bath,
large yard; rent $20.
TEHAMA. »— Cottage, 6 sunny rooms; yard,
etc.; business location; rent cheap.
2 COTTAGES, 4 rooms each, S3 and 115 Man-
chester et.. off Folsom; rent $S and $10; key
at 350 Preclta aye.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage: 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins «t.. near Geary.
$10 — COTTAGE of S sunny rooms. 134 Rose St..
between Gpugh and Octavia; 1 ,blk from Mkt.
••ROOM ccttage: 23V4 Morris aye.. bet. Harri-
son and Bryant, nr. Cth; key next door. N0. 23.
SIDE LJXE.
We have a grocery and honsefum!sh!ng slis
line that Is a dandy: and we don't want all
there's In It: your commission will be pleas-
ant. CARR. & SON, 13 William st., New York.
WANTED— Printing ink salesman with an es-
tablished trade: state amount yearly sales;
territory; salary expected: references. Amer-
ican Printing Ink Co.. 19* Randolph St.. Chi-
cago^ ,
WE want solicitor* for "Woman's Home Com-
panion." ¦übscriptlon books, etc.: easy terms
and good commissions. WESTERN ADVER-
TISING CO.. 313 Bush St.. San Francisco.
FOR a consideration I will aid bookkeeper, dry
goods or furniture salesman to secure situa-
t'on- out of town department store: stata
offer. Eox 4:25. Call office^
WANTED— Man of good appearance and edu-
cation to Interview professional and business
men. Address, stating age and experience,
box 4319. Call offlce^^
WANTED— First-class drill man: must be> com-
petent to like charge. COAST CONTRACT-
ING CO.. Brown's wharf, foot of Leaven-
worth. St.
ORCHESTRA players wanted for large estab-
lished amateur orchestra. Box 4325, Call.
WANTED— Office- boy; state age and qualifica-
tions. Box 4317, Call office^
MEN end women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— Competent mathematical Instrument
maker. A. LIET2 & CO.. *22 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Buyer and manager for glove de-
partment; must be thoroughly experienced and
have first-class references. Box 4330. Call.
WANTED— First-class cabinet maker. FINK &
SCHINDLER. 1303 Market st.
WANTED— S223 partner; stock t*3o; profit J7J
monthly. Box 4323. Call.
BOY— U to-lS; architect's office; no wag's first
« months. Address In own writing, box 4C31.
Call.
WANTED— Partner with SC3 for a business. G.
C. FERRY. 570 Mission St.. under saloon
basement.
GARDENER can find work by Inquiring at th-»
Pacific Nursery, cor. Baker and Lombard sts.
ERRAND boy for drug store; $2 30 week. Ap-
ply box 4351. Crl! office.
YOUNG man to work In dairy; $20 and found.
¦ 2200 Point Lcbos aye.. cor. 11th.
WANTED— German painters to organize ort
Wednesday. Feb. 2S, on cor. of Seventh aai
Natoma sts. at 8 p. m. sharp. Committee.
TWO carpenters on store fronts. Apply at 2
p. m.. 2*5 Mission at. ?¦¦¦«"¦; •
YOUNO roan wanted as cook. Apply £2 Mam
street.
SALESMEN everywhere to sell our line of sta-
ple goods; side line or exclusive: $10 per d;«y:
¦ no experience necessary: free samples. KEL-
LJHER. 3943 Market St.. Philadelphia^
WANTED— First -class outside man for prtrtt-
' Ing office. Box 4300. Call office.
WE want solicitors for Woman's Home Com-
panion: subscription books, etc. ; easy te?ms
and good commissions. Western Advertising
Co.. 313 Bush St.. San Francisco. er " 3 *"g
YOUNG girl wanted for Alameda; general
housework. Apply at 10«4 McAllister « Mon'
> day, between 3 and 4 o'clock. '
EXPERIENCED curators on sun bonnet-
GIRL for housework and plain cooking- small
family; wages $15. 608 Baker at.. cor.* Fulton.
liOUTR of V 44 papers on this paper for kale.
Eox «. Oakland Postoffice.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A contractor and builder, to take
an Interest and give a general management
Jn securing and executing contracts for a
ftrepnwf construction that has been thorough-
ly established and earning large dividends.
Address J. X.. box 4257. Call office.
FOR vale— Half Interest in first-class delicates-
sen to bright young German who thoroughly
understands the business; none others need
apply: easy terms; references. Apply WIE-
UND BROS.. 121 Pay St.. S. F.
SMALL, but good paying shoe store: also work-
shop; work enough to employ 2 steady men;
must sell cheap, account of returning to Eu-
rope. MATTERN & MOORE. 25 New Mont-
gomery »t.
CAPE Nome— We want parties with small cap-
ital who desire to »ro to Cape Nome and work
our valuable claims. Particulars address
Manager. C 32 Market, room 1. Ban Francisco.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS. *
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand- wagons, buggy, carts and over ISO
sets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
the business xnuet be closed. 1140 Folsom St..
near Elghth-
GIRLS WANTED. .• -
STRALSS & CO.. 36H Fremont st.; elevator.
EMPLOYMENT WAATED FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation- good cook and houseworker; refer-
ences. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation,
best city references, city or country; also a
first-class Swedish cook desires a situation.
MISS 11. CULLINAN, 223 Sutter St.; phone
Main 651.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best city references; city or country. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter Bt.
STRICTLY first-class Danish cook wants posi-
tion In institution or hotel: has very best ref-
erences. Am.ly C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary St.; phone Grant 185.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls await situa-
tions. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
POSITION wanted as lady's maid by lady un-
derstanding halrdresslng. manicuring, etc.;
best of references. Address box 4332, Call.
ELDERLY lady wishes to assist In light house-
work; more for a home than pay. 29 Eddy st.
WOMAN of 37 years wishes situation as house-
keeper for llrst-class hotel or resort; 10 years'
experience. Address box 4340, Call.
THOROUGHLY competent and experienced
stenographer and typewriter, also bookkeeper,
desires position: best references given. Ad-
dress box 4312. Call office.
EDUCATED young woman wishes to travel
as companion, to care for Invalid or lady's
maid; best references. Box 4313, Call office.
GOOD second girl and waitress desires situa-
tion; good city references. Box 4315, Call.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or house cleaning. Call at 611 Turk st.
SITUATION wanted as chambermaid, seam-
stress or lady's maid; best references. Ad-
dress 928>£ Howard st.
SEAMSTRESS from New York wishes position
in private family; thoroughly competent; un-
derstands dressmaking thoroughly; no objec-
tion to traveling or assisting with other light
duties. Address or call 236 Sutter st.. room 11.
WANTED— By Eastern widow, position as man-
aging housekeeper; city or country; good
home more of an object than wages: only re-
liable parties need answer; reference given.
236 Sutter St., room 11.
COMPETENT, trustworthy woman wishes any
klnd of light housework by the day. or would
take care of children. Box 4327. Call office.
OUNG lady wants room and board In ex-
change for light services. Box 4328, Call.
SWEDISH girl with experience; good cook and
laundress; city references. Call from 11 to S
p. m.. 1050 Howard st., room 6.
LADY with child would like a place to do
chamber work or cook for men; ctty or coun-
try. 120 Sixth st.
WOMAN wishes position in a respectable room-
Ing house or hotel to do chamber work or
mend bed linen from 9 to 4; or will take sew-
ing home. Box 4318, Call office.
An American woman who understands Ger-
man desires a position as housekeeper, lady's
nurse or sewing; Is a good cook: no postals;
city or country; references. 127 Turk st.
YOUNG girl wishes position: general house-
work and plain cooking; wages $15. Call
Monday at £3 Langton St., near Folsom and
' Seventh. _^
EXPERIENCED dressmaker desires position
as Eeamstress In family; willing to assist
with children or light household duties; ref-
erences. Box 4337, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a situation
to assist In light housework. Please call at
29 Howard court.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants men's flannels
and cotton underwear to wash and mend;
rates reasonable. 6A ; Bernard St., ' near Pa-
cific, off Taylor, -
..-*-'¦'¦¦'."¦.¦¦'> •-•--,:•
EXi'KKT OPTICIANS.
CUT THIS OUT.
NEW METHODS
In fitting Mayerle's Eyeglyasscs and Spectacles
by mall.
READ THIS:
Mr. George Mayerle. 1071V4 Market st.. San
Francisco— Dear Sir: The glasses I ordered from
you by mall, much to my surprise, give me per-
fect satisfaction. When I ordered them I very
much doubted your ability to pult me, but I
must confess that I am delighted with them. I
have just had three sets of glasses made to
order, but since I have been using yours I have
filed the others away on a back sh«lf.
ARTHUR DRANSFIELD,
Librarian Public Library, New Harmony. Ind.
FROM REAR ADMIRAL W. T. SAMPSON.
Mr. George Mayerle, San Francisco— Dear Sir:
I received your glasses about August 14. Just as
we were sailing from Guantanamo for New
York. The glasses had evidently taken a long
Journey before reaching me, which they did In
good order. They fit beautifully, and I have
been using them constantly since they came.
Yours sincerely, W. T. SAMPSON.
Rear Admiral, U. S. Navy.
CURED DREADFUL PAIN.
Mr. George Mayerle— Dear Sir: I write to In-
form you that the glasses I received from you
have cured the dreadful pain in ray head, for
which I am thankful to you. K. BAGOT,
1538 Lafayette St., Alameda. Cal.
FROM GREAT FALLS. MONT.
Mr. George Mayerle. expert optician. San
Francisco— Dear Sir: I Your glasses arrived last
week and have proven very satisfactory in
every respect. I shall take pleasure In recom-
mending them to any one suffering from affec-
tions of the eye.. Please duplicate order In eye-
glasses with you patent offset frames. I am
yours. HOWARD M. LEWIS
WATERY, PAINFUL AND SORE EYES
CURED.
Mr. Mayerle— Dear Sir: My ejes have been
watery and were Inflamed and very painful a
long time. The glasses that have been prescribed
by doctors and opticians seemed to suit me fine
when I first put them on, bur caus>d awful
pain after using them awhile; but your glasses
have entirely cured my eyes. I can use them
with comfort. JOHN SETINPFLK
Mayerle's glasses are used by the highest U
S. army, navy and Government officials and
most-eminent doctors, lawyers and clergymen
Mayerle's copyrighted system of fitting gUssei
by mall sent to any address on receipt of i
stamp.
GEOrtGE MAYERLE, German expert optician
1071V4 Market at.. San Francisco; exam, free
Telephone Mint 257.
GERMAN EYE WATER BY MAIL. Me]
°EO. MAYERLE. German expert optician.
10.1H Market st.: examination free; German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone- Mint. 257
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W
XT. DAVIDSON. 827 Market «t. opp. Maaon
F. H. MERZ3ACH. attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at 503 Cal. Et.. Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Fpreckeis bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 peges. sent to any address .In the
United Ptates. postpaid, for $1 per year. •
HELP AVAXTED- FEMALE.
cTrThTnSEn" &"cs??lT7rpi^NE~GllAXTilS3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Santa Monica, $20, free fare; 2
waitresses, Coronado Beach. $20; 2 waitresses,
Fresnc, $10; 2 waitresses. Vlsalia. $20; Mon-
terey. $20; 7 waitresses, city. $20: 4 restaurant
waitresses, $6; 2 lunch and dinner waitresses,
$3; woman cock. $3-).
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurse for 1 child, $20; colored cook. $25: 2
cooks, city. ?30; 5 ether cooUs, city. $25; 5
cooks, country, *25; 25 houseglrls. $25. $10;
cook, country. ?30. see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman of good dispo-
sition to care for 2 children; very nice place;
short distance In country: $20 per month and
good home. W. D. EWER & CO., Employ-
ment Agents, 610 Clay st.
WANTED— GirI for housework. 2 In family. $30.
German cook, $33, no wash; 4 cooks, German
style. $25, $20; second girl. $20; woman with
a child. $15; ranch cook, $23; cook for men,
$20; restaurant cook. $7: cook for home res-
taurant. $30; 2 nurse girls. $20; 4 chamber-
maids, $6. $7 a week, $U. $18 a month; wait-
resses, $20. city and country; 2 Ironers. $9 a
week: 73 houseKlrls 1 . i2O. 5;;, $30, city and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 gutter.
TWO German cooks. $30 to $35; cook for Menlo
Park, $30; cook for mines. $35; housework
Coif ax. $30; Berkeley. $25; Oakland $23- So-
noma. $20; San Mateo. $20; 6 second girls $"3
and $20; 10 waitresses and chambermaids' $i')
and $15, city anJ country; French second
¦ Rirl. {25; restaurant waitress, $3 per week-
cook for men, $13; housekeeper, city, $15*
country. $I°. gvntleman and 3 children' fare
here: 20 housework girls, city and country
$30. $25 $20; 10 young girls to assist, $11 to Jl5
MISS CULLEN. 323 Stater st.
HOUSEGIRL, two In famllj-. $30; chamber-
maid and seamstress, $25: second girl $"0- *
nurscglrls. $15 and $20; two nurseglrls Si""
each; cook. Napa. $35. see party here Mon-
day: two housegtrls. Oakland, $25 and $»0 see
party 1 .. 1 ? < i re . : ,» neat . youns glTl to t^e cafe of
one child. $12 to $13; cook, boarding-house $*3-
waitress. Los Gatos. ?2u; must po Monday"
waitress, city. $20. MRS. NORTON. IU Sutl
WANTED. ~~
FIRST-CLASS SALESMEN
GENTLEMEN AND LADIES
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
"« Nl»th st 521 Montgomery are *
SCI Market St.. 3;; Hayes st *T
210 and 212 Grant aye., 21S Third st "
J^ a L £ rk ! n 5l5 l - »«S FlMmore'st .
"19 J>«vlsadero St.. 3O0<? Sixteenth st".
4, a Haluht St.. 251fl Mission st
"?]««£ ¦*- «H Mission St..'
1419 Poik St.. ! 2T ;; Twenty-fourth * t .
SMALL fruit etore for sale; cheap. 1600 Mis-
sion st.
MARTIN ARONSOHN. Notary Public— Office
with A. M. Soeck & Co., real estate, €67 Mar-
ket *L. cor. Third: telephone Main 53JS; real-
dence 21C3 Geary et.
NEW bakery or laundry; 2-can milk wagon; 2-
seated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
WANTED— Notion and variety store; must be
cheap. Box 26»3, Call office.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader: readings 25c. .
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
S3O Ellis St.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MEDA HOPKINS, 1423 Mrket., bet. 10th & 11th;
clr. Tues. 8 p.m. ; Thurs. 2 p.m.; 25c. ; sit dally.
RESPRONSIBLE card reader moved from 1322 to
1425 Mlstlon et.: satisfaction guaranteed.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
St.. It a. m. to 10 p. m. '
MRS. EBERHARDT, spiritual test meeting. 7:30
p. m . 10c. 3230 22d, bet. Mission and Valencia.
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all: circle Tues., Fri.. 2
p. m.: Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia.
DINPMORE
Renowned clairvoyant; private sittings; mar-
velous results; grand test seance every Tues-
day and Friday evenings at 7:30.- 218 Eddy st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market; trance,
test, business medium; life reader: also medi-
cal clairvoyant: stamp for circular: sittln(;ssl.
MRS. H. EVANS, the oldest and best magnetic
healer In San Francisco, has returned and can
be found at her residence, 112 Eighth st.
WATSON, palmist and medium: readings 25c
and 60c. with beautiful charm lree. 15S1 Mar-
Vet st.
MME. MORBAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 7* Fourth St.. near Mission.
ARNOLD DICKSON gives everybody tests to-
night. 10c; sittings daily, 23c. tOe. 143 6th, r. L
HEALING and develop'R medium; satisfaction
readings 23c and 50c this week. 942 Mission
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: law matters, bankruptcy md
divorce specialty; cases taken on contingent
feec ; correspondence solicited; confidential.
l.s-.v and Land Co., room 422, fo'irtn llcor. 525
Market St.
jLDVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. BiO Market, cor. Stocktn.
ASTROLOGY
ASTROLOGY reveals past and future; 6end 25c
with birth date, hour if known, for life sketch
and fU-pape book on astrology. PROFESSOR
KAIRD box *¦'?. San Jose. Cal.
I'ROF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest a »trolo-
rlFt and palmist In the world; satisfaction
ruar»rite«?d. 4*7 Golden Gate aye.
TH7 Custom Boot and Shoe Makers' Protective
Association will hold Its regular weekly
meeting TO-DAY. Feb. 23. In Pythian Cas-
tle. <*«. Market Ft., at 2 o'clock; all shop-
mites invited to attend.
C. E. PERRY. President.
.T. r.. GALLAGHER. Secretary.
BRANCH bakery, notions and laundry, gro-
cery and paper agency; doing good business;
fine location; 4 rooms; large yard and gar-
den; papers and laundry pay rent; $650.
Box 23, Call branch, ICI Eleventh Et.
RESTAURANT for snle: only one In reach of
4 factories employing 1000 people; restaurant
seats £7; also ynrd with 20 chickens; cause.
sickness. (J)s Seventh s
MEETING NOTICES.
ET. PATRICK'S *!ay celebration, March
17, 190ft— Officers of past conventions \>\\'J(
and delegates selected from the differ- S^V*
ent societies are hereby notified that CCv*v
the conve:iU->n will meet THIS SUN- Jf^BS
DAY. Feb. 25. promptly at 2 p. m. at K. R.
B. i:«:i. The literary committee m«*ts at 1
o'clock and the executive r.t 1 :S'i In the same
hall. By order
THOMAS F. BARRY. Pres
CHARLES J. COLLINH. Sec.
CLAIRVOYANTS A.ND SPIRITUALISM.
DINFMORE,
The renowned clairvoyant and developing
medium.
Private sittings daily from 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Grand clairvoyant test seance every Tuesday
pnd Friday evening at 7:30. 21S Eddy st.
ATTENTION . MRS. P. FABBER, a gifted
lady: most famous In reading tea leaves and
cards; advice confidential. Can be found dally
except Saturday and Sunday at 373 Polk st.;
no slcns.
WANTED— Dairyman, small dairy, good steady
place. $30 and board: 2 milkers. $25; gardener,
near city. $1 25 per day and board; farmers.
woodchoppers and others. W. V. EWER &
CO.. t!0 Clay st.
BARBERS* Protective Union— The only Ie?al
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy. 630 Market, downstairs^
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
GARDENER — Situation wanted by single man:
fully understands his business; first-class ref-
erences. Address box 196, San Rafael..
WANTED— Best family cook, general house-
worker and wash and lroner. Please call to
CHONG HING, room 6, 502 Clay st.. city.
FIRST-CLASS "-••nan wishes a position: very
best of references. Address box 4306. Call.
DRUG clerk -wishes a sosttlon as clerk; refer-
ences given. Box 4305, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bread and pastry baker wants
position; hotel; city or country. Box 4293,
Call.
CARPENTER wishes position. 1711 Market st
GARDENER, thoroughly competent man,
wishes situation for orchard, nursery or largtt
private place: no triflers. A. V., Swiss Hotel,
627 Commercial st.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper, cashier or
Gtherwlse. Address Spreckels, box 4203, Call.
JAPANESE boy wants to do housework. 707
Devlsadero st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call ad\'ertlsements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. in.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, rent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
THKOSOPIIICAL Society in America. MS Ma
ket St.— Lecture to-night, "The Lost Chord."
by IL Monges. International Brotherhood
'.»¦>£ :•¦ Tuesday night; subject, "Cramming
\> Education "
F\RMS... .DAIRIES WOODS AND MILLS
37 milkers and butter-makers, $l\ $03. $30, $-.*
and found :'l""^"V —Vi
43 farm, orchard and vineyard har.ds for all
parts of California, $30. $26. $23. $20 and found:
6 choremen and b0y5.... 520. $13. $10 and found
293 woodchoppers. tlemakera. shingle and box
bolt makers, picket and post makers. $2 m
12 $1 si> $1, 73c cord. $4 50 per 1000, 10c to 13c
each MURP.AY & READY. 634-626 Clay st.
23 GOLD silver and coal miners. $2 Ht $3. $3 50
day. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COOK and wife for 20 men at a mine. *43 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C R. HANSEN & C0.5....KH GEARY ST.
Wanted— Monday morning at 7:SO. with blank-
et? ready to start. 50 scraper teamsters, hold-
ers' a.id loaders, for the Coast Railroad, Santa
Barbara County: free fare; bring your blank-
ets and lunch, ready to go on train.
100 coal miners: 6 quart* miners. $2 W day: 2
house painters, country hotel. $1 2o day and
found, see boss here; blacksmith s helper, *2
Coachman and gardener, wltn references:
private place; $35 and found. #
French or Swiss second cook, hotel. $73;
baker and pastry cook, country hotel. $60;
baker, country shep, $»5 and found; second
baker, $30.
Walter country club, $33; 2 neat hotel wait-
ers, country, $25; waiter, country hotel, $C 7 50.
Colored waiter, country hotel. $33.
C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Piper for hydraulic mine. $W> per
month and board and free fare. W. D. EWER
Ji CO.. 610 Clay st.
3LACKPMITH and horseshoeing business with
tools, doing a good business, across the bay,
for sale; shop to lease; owner going away.
Addres* Blacksmith, box 2713. Call office.
Oakland.
FOR sale— Dressmaking business handling the
best of first-class trade in Oakland; location
very desirable; party leaving on account of
health. Address box 2709. Call office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS candy store In an up-to-date
town; all machinery necessary for making
oandv and ice cream; cause of selling. Ill-
health; price $2000. Address box 4315. Call.
WANTED — Lady patrons to e«slst and per-
form in me of the best paying traveling en-
tertclnments: open to thorough investigation;
small capital required. Address box 4172, Call.
BARBER shop (four chairs); 13c shop; low
rent; 3 living rooms: partly furnished; price
$325. FCHWEIXHARD & CO., rooms 1 and 2.
917 Market st. (opp. Mason).
PARTNER with $1000 wanted to enlarce com-
mercial photograph business: one with knowl-
edge of photo-engraving preferred. BACKUS.*
11 Geary st.
$170Q_V>;DIVIDE:D one-half Interest In fin*
business; $2J a week salary, exclusive of pro-
fits. Address box 2711. Call office. Oakland.
$75— FIRST-CLAPS repair shop, machine, shoes
and lasts: worth $200. 21C6 Fillmore st., near
California; leaving city.
SMALL bakery with everything complete for
business; old stand; fine place; good baker.
Box 4329. Call office.
A SALOON for sale cheap; located In the
Potrero. Apply on premis-s. 1343 Kentucky.
$375— A BRANCH bakery and notion store;
periodicals, etc.: living rooms. Box 4314. Call.
FOR sale— Butter, egg and ixjultry route; doing
gooil business; cause, sickness. Box 4241, Call.
WANTED— Party to Invest $500; can insure 23
per cent profit. Box ICB7, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar; cheap; good
location; sickness. Box 4341, Call.
LAW office for sale; 200 books: furniture;
clients; $330. 73 Murphy building.
$22.00(1— G00D business property; make offer.
Owner, box 4271. Call office.
A CORNER grocery and fruit store; rooms;
rent JlO. 1130 Market st.
RESTAURANT: good business: first-class loca-
tion; cheap; reason for selling, other busi-
ness 135 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE-
Should not be classed among the many cheap
pretenders who Infest the city and brine dis-
repute to the profession. Madame's parlors are
visited by business men of good repute, anxious
for reliable information as to the outcome of
future Investments, and by ladles of high social
ttandlns.
Her parlors are so arranged that one party
does not see another while waiting their turns
to consult the medium. She Is the only medium
on earth recognized by the profession as their
Brishtoet Star.
Her power approaches the miraculous, and
she might well be termed the Witch of Endor
of the twentieth century.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure all
diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis, rheu-
matism, all skin diseases, heart and nervous
affections. The wonderful cures which she has
made are the talk of the whole Slope.
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever havlng-come to gee this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall Is always most
successful and satisfactory, and all correspond-
ence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. . MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee $1 0<) and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, 1061 Seventh
avenue. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton Btatlon. the second station from Broad-
way. Open every day In the year.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught
priv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission
ESPINA, Penman: business writing a specialty
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; J5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CIVIL service coachlne: day. evening. San
Francisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof.Merkl. success-
ful teacher. lOCS Mission ;best methods, results.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc.Prof.De Fillppe's Acad-
emy of languages, 32o Post ;est. 1871 ;ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 403 Geary, r. 47.
CLASSES In German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy
gOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi-
dental Hall. cor. Larkin and McAllister Ets. ;
Sunday at 7;lu |>. m.: speaker, Mrs. R. S.
Llllie; subject. "The Drift of Progress."
AT Dr. Rises' Spiritual Society, ?"9 Market Bt.,
11. free; 2;30, S p. Ki.. 10c; Mrs. Seeley. Vigars.
•"apt- Stcut. Dr.'e office. 2CI Arlington si.; at
home Tuesday end Friday, 1« to 4.
MRS. EBEEHARPT, spiritual test meeting.
7:30 i>. m.. lx*. S2.V Twenty-second St., bet.
Valencia and Miscion.
MISSION L.rceuzn to-day at 2; Mission Opera
Hall Washinrton birthday party. Wednesday
evening, llith inst.
MRS. STODDARD'S Tuesday evening circles
resumed; all get metsases from the beyond.
17% Ninth st.
MUS. MARY EVANS' circle to-day. 2 and S
p. m. ; 10c; readings ciatly. 50c and $1. Ul Cth.
MME. YOUNG. 605 McAllister; demonstration
of spirit return to-night. 10c; come skeptics.
MRS. MKYER, 22", McAllister— Tests to all to-
night: dr. M>'n..Tu"s..\Vel. eves. 10c; sittings.
< MAYO-?TKF:HS. test trance medium, 112S
Oak St.; readings SI. Phone Howard 527.
ESAXCE to-night S o'clock; Tuesday. 12 o'clock.
Mother Sadie meaner-. 4J9 Leavenworth st.
IX7 LARKIN St.. S p. m.— Tests by Mrs. Wrenn,
I'rof. Fischer and ether*: good music
MRS. MENA FRANCIS. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haizht *t.
MRS. VIGARS test meeting to-night. 145
Sixth Bt.. room 7.
COACHMAN and wife; man a thorough coach-
man; wife as maid and seamstress or to take
care of private place; references. C. S., 1022
Jackson st.
WANTED— Situation as first-class blank book
paper ruler; any place In State of California.
Address F. X. CLINE, San Francisco.
STRONG boy. 17 years old, wishes position
with firm, where ft would be possible for him
to advance; best of references. Address 53S
Stevenson £t
YOUNG man. IS. desires position In mercantile
house; writes plain hand: fair at figures; not
afraid of work; well acquainted with city;
can give references. Address N. H., Station
C, city.
FRENCHMAN with the best references, speak-
ing English nnd German, wants situation aa
cook or waiter In a private family. V. W.,
box 4347. Call office.
AN ex-U. S. trumpeter would like to do ad-
vertising for one or more firms; Is an expert
at his business and a general good nißtler
and believe could give good satisfaction. Ad-
dress 403 Kearny St.. room 30.
POSITION on ranch by married man; thor-
ough vineyard Ist: foreman 5 years; black-
smith, carpenter: wife excellent cook; no
children. Box 10S6. Call.
COACHMAN — First-class man on horses, har-
ness and carriages; young man; neat and re-
liable driver; best city and San Mateo refer-
ences. Address J. C, box 4310. Call.
SITUATION wanted as engineer or fireman;
city or country; by a steady man; reference
given. Address box 4301, Call.
WANTED by a young man to take care of
horses or any other position. Address box
4302, Call.
FOR sale— Furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms;
bargain; nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
Apply at 309 Hyde st. from 10 a, m. to 3 p. m.
ENAMELLED iron beds, all siaea. $2 90; heavy
matting 10c yard: 7-pleee bedroom set. $20.
Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310. 1312 rtockton St..
near Broadway.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale cheap; no
dealers. 252.i Clementina at
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $43 50, with Ko.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeepinc, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING as it Is done; superior poet-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mecn.. survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers-
Classes forming: French conversation. Mer-
cantile Library, 530 G. O. aye.. r. 5. 6; hrs. 2-8.
WHY S-S-S-Stammer? Guaranteed cure or
money refunded; write or call for particulars.
13S1 Market St.. S. F.
VIOLIN zither, banjo, mandolin, guitar in-
structions reasonable. W. P. CHAMBERS,
216 Eddy st. ¦
DANCING lessons given In exchange for piano
lessons by professional. Box 4344, Call office.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $30: send for catalogue.
PIANO lessons DOo at pupil's home; references.
Box 4346, Call.
ONE hundred dollars will buy a nice pleasant,
well established and ra>'ns business in a
growing town near P. F. : best of reasons
for selling. Call at once on H. PITTOCK.
Real Estate, Elmhurst. Cal.
A PARTY wanted with small amount of money
to take Interest as one of the promoters of a
company now forming to develop a large
Industry that Is safe, sure and very profitable;
this is na mining or oil scheme. Box 4338,
Call.
msßTcrca — sod ay
PR KERGAXS fr*>e lecture this evening at S
o'clock at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 909
Market «=t. — Hubject <by request). "Cancers
and Turners: Their Cause, Nature and Cure,"
followed by magnificent views of the lakes of
Italy. Thos» attending this lecture may pro-
cure free ticket* m the X-ray exhibition at
the Sanitarium, cor. Market end Mason ets
next Tuesday evening.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts. — Mas»-meotlr.g for men enly to-day at 3
o'clock; address on a practical nnd im-
portaol theme by Rev. J. E. Moore; seats
free and all young men cordially tnvlted.
FLATS TO LET — FURMSHED.
XO let— Flat of 3 or 4 rooms and bath- Inquire
at 310 A Lily avenue. .-••'. T -:
BIRCH AYE.. 6— 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
EMPLOVaiE.VT WANTED MALE.
WANTED— By young man In San Jose, agency
for household or food arttcle: canvass or dis-
tribute; no books. Address GUY R. MERRI-
MAN, 952 South Seventh st., San Jose, Cal.
FRENCH cook wishes position; worked In the
best hotels In France nnd In the East; best
references. Address box 4320, Call office.
ALL-AROUND cook; wide experience: good
reputation: wants situation. GEORGE
STOLL, 106 Eddy St., room 3^
SMALL, active elderly man would like situa-
tion as cook: city or country. Address J.
HENDERSON. 629 Clay fit.
ENGINEER and machinist of long experience,
up-to-date, has good references, will slvt
services In a mine free until learns to hoist.
L. D. M.. 150" Broadway, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted — Stronz Swedish man:
house man f.r porter; steady, sober, good
worker. Address box 4339. Call.
AN experienced woolen stock and sample man
would like situation with first-class house;
good examiner and hard worker. Address box
4290. Call
YOUNG man. good education, good mechanic,
wants steady employment: references present
employer. Box 4343, Call office.
THE THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture
to-night in Theosophic Hall. Odd Fellows'
building t.y Uica Edith Houston of Chicago.
"Theoitihy in the Home." Golden chain 11
a. m.
$30; MAGNIFICENT flat to let; « rooms and
bath; all modern Improvements: centrally lo-
cated: Western Addition; north side. Apply
owner. 115 Bush st.,
UELP WA.VTED— MALE.
E^sp"LOYE^siTr?rrrrrrrr?Db as others do
53W EMPLOYERS OP HELP
Do now send their orders to MCRRAY &
READY. «24 and 636 Clay St.. for skilled ani
unskilled help; MURRAY & READY hm
each person listed for situation for w_lci_ Ua
Is Individually adasted.
Help furnished free of charge
MURRAY & READY -PHONE MAIN Mil
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
3 stablemen, city r_*i country J0b5. ............
$30, $25 and found
Painter who can letter, near city
$33 and (bnad
Wheelwright, also blacksmiths and helpers.
$2 50 day; milk wagon driver, $3> and found;
3 boys for stores. MUPvP-AY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st.
14 COOKS $55. $13, $33, $30, $23 and founl
14 waiters, some dress suits
J33, $30, $25. $20 and found
3*Vaundrymen. Ironers and washers. $30 and
found- candy-maker, $«; second bread baker.
19- young man for deltcacy store, $40 and
found: baker boys. MURRAY & R£_\L>\.
634-636 Clay st.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 4086. near Noe— Sunny flat
of 4 roms; bath; basement: yard; rent $11-
TWO sunny flats, upper and lower; 4 and 5
rooms. 904-906 Minna St., above Tenth.
t SUNNY lower flats. 4 rooms each; newly
papered; $10. 110 and 116V4 Perry st.
$20— NICE sunny upper flat. 6 rooms. 328 Polk
St.. between McAllister st. and Ash aye.
$20— FLAT; 6 rooms and bath. 16 Pearl St.. bet
Valencia and Guerrero.
DCSIXESS CllAXCES— Contlnned^
ALL KINDS? OF BARGAINS-EEE THEM.
Oyster house: clears $300 J 2 *-^
Cigar store. $1200; cigar store... »£»
Produce, butter and «*ggs *r"
Hotel and bar. $4000; hotel and bar ««
Meat market; clearing $250 **«"
Fruit and grocery store *™
Saloon: fine location •••/ ,i£|
Grocery and bar. $800; grocery and bar.. 10W
Grocery and bar. $200; grocery and bar.... z*J
Stationery and book store ff'
Branrh bakery. $150; branch baker}' J2?
Stationery and notions r*f
Brass foundry: clears $300 .•••••:",'Vr £in
Coal, wood and feed. $5»X>: coal and feed. W*>
Candy store, $iW; candy store »""
Drug store In good country town »»
Blacksmith shop •;-• ~"Jv
Tfl - J ° ha U * 102, Marigtj^g^L.
ATTENTION. SELLERS'
List whatever you have for tale
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise it free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I sell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces. _?,,.
II C. DECKER. IC2O Market st.. opp. rirtn.
saß«a7n for buying or selling saloont iorany
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers
Journal, 539' i California st.. room 1.
•4TO-BALOON with 3 living rooms; Am trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal, 5334 Cali-
fornia
FIRST-CLASS saloon, on Kearny St.; mint for
right party: cheap; see Liquor Dealer* Jour-
nal. 6MV. California st.. room 1.
J4OOO— FIP.ST-CLASS saloon, best part of town,
cheap rent, long lease, stands Investigation;
worth J7OOO. Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal,
E?.9>._ California St.. room 1.
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal, 63.V. California st.. room 1.
AN excellent business opportunity.
One of the best openings In this olty for an
Investment of $4500; a large monthly Income;
business highly respectable and permanent:
full«6t Investigation courted; best of refer-
ences. For further Information apply to F.
BASS. 17 Crocker building. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STATES REALTY CO
—Negotiators of Investment Securities.
—€55 Market st.. room 320, Parrott building.—
—Capital found for every branch of mfg.,
— commercial and miscellaneous businesses;
— compankb incorporated ; securities marketed.
—STERLING BUSINESS OPENINGS.
—Interests and Investments situated else-
— where receive careful attention and repre-
— ssntatlon here; real estate exchanges made
— everywhere. —
A FINE corner saloon near Market st $703
A 120-room hotel, with bar 6500
A good-paying butcher shop; bargain.... 600
A fln* KTOoery; doing $3000 per month S3OO
A good-paying rooming-house; cheap 900
Several other houses from $250 to 5000
A Cn« bakery: good location: cheap 400
Candy and fruit stores; all prices; bargains.
See* MITCHELL & ADAMS. 906 Market st.
$3.v>— SALOON; 1 living room: rent $22, Includ-
ing water; takes in dally $5. M. GRIFFIN,
71» Market St., near Call building.
COMPANIES financed; charters furnished: we
provide our cuutomers with bonds or bank
certificates of deposit as collateral security
to their stock or bonds: all done on commis-
sion from sales of stocks or bonds: bank ref-
erence and reference to customers. E. L.
SQUIRE A CO.. 625 Emma Spreckels bldg., S.
F ANTHONY P. MORRIS, resident director.
$2JOO WILL purchase one-half Interest in a
paying corporation clearing over $300 per
month: salaried position as secretary at $100
per month; no liabilities and a safe, and In-
ceraslng business; best of references. Ad-
dress box 4322, Call office.
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 806 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 857 Geary at.: dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds nleat-
lng.pinklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week^Easten
Outfitting Co.. 1308 Stockton, near Broadway.
ri^A tt > c SIFIED advertisements and subecriptlor.n
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ail
subscriptions has been established at 10W Vi.
lencta it. ________________________
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa been oaens»l
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ar.i
subscriptions has b»*n established at ta*
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until » p. m.
TO let— Modern flat. 7 rooms and bath: 817%
Geary St.: $35. LANDRY C. BABIX. 413
Kearny st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA3ISTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: sewing de-
partment open to all during March; patterns
cut 25c up. 103 Post st.
DOG HOSPITAI
DR. BUZARD'3 Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; ctty visits $1 SO; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
TAILORESS— Finisher on custom paats at S-,
Kearny st.. mom 18. top floor.
ABOUT IM more sewing machine operators _w-.;i
fSd good paying work In Levl Strausa & Co. 1
overall factory. 32Vi Fremont st. MR. D_-
VI3. Sopt.
NEW upper modern sunny flat. 5 rooms and
bath. 975 Golden Gate aye., opposite Jeffer-
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced youmt
nurse rirl for boy 3 years old; must do sew-
ng. 997 Golden Gate aye.
wa\TED-2 girls about IS; piece work; no ex-
ptrUncrTeVjUlred. Address box 1089. Call.
WANTED— FemaIe help at the National Lauiu
dry. 411 Sanchei St.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN 4-room flat; bath and basement; nice
location. ISOS Eddy st.
SWEDISH girl wishes position as plain cook
and do general housework. Apply 1632 Lom-
bard St.. near Octavia.
SWEDISH woman with good references would
like position In American family as cook.
Box 24. Call branch, lOfi Eleventh st.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes a place; Is
good cook and housekeeper; light work; mod-
erate wages; city or country. Address 342
Minna St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 23c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and bacgaee to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 \ a-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1233 Polk st.; cpen till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
*_PPRFVTICES on shirts: paid while learning.
A STANDARDfiHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gouga
and Grove sts. /
WANTED— A refined young woman as nursery
goveraesTto take care of six-year-old boy;
must have best of references; Oerma.n pr<--
ErVed Call at 1905 Van Ness aye.. betw^u
10 and 12 a. m.
CORNER upper flat. 7 rooms and bath; fin*
view; $14. Flat of 4 rooms and batn. |iw.
Flat of » rooms. $7. Key at 4499 Seventeenth.
FLAT of 3 sunny rooms. »0 Elliott Park, off
Stelner St., between Geary and O Farreu.
FLAT of 6 rooms; modern; bath, etc.; rent
$13. 9118 Filbert st. ,
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION !
Eemoved '. Removed I
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The Greatest Medium
And Clairvoyant
On Earth.
Ha* Removed Her Offices to Her Residence,
1061 SEVENTH AVENUE,
EAST OAKLAND, Cal.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you ut-
ter a word she tells you In full of all that
you are interested In, all dates, facts, etc. &h>3
tells you who are true to you and who are
false, what hopes you may have of winning
your desires and what obstacles are In your
way and how to remove them; how to make
the best of your talents and prosper; how to
get money. She find lost articles and locates
HIDDEN TREASURE
Before entering Into business, law, dtvonw or
marriage, consult me. Drive away evil spells,
stumbling blocks, bad luck and habits and
overcome all evil works, rivals and enemies.
She never fails. She has brought about more
happiness than all other mediums. Others are
helped, why not you? If you are going to see
a medium, why not see the very best? It costs
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has no rival in her profession and stands with-
out an equal before the public. Thousands
who visited her and tested her wonderful power
are singing her praises throughout the land
and is
Recognized by Press and Public Everywhere.
She tells your complete past, your present
life, your entire future, of all loved ones, what
you should do to avoid trouble or disappoint-
ment, how to recover lost or stolen property:
she changes misfortune Into good luck, tells
you how your business transactions will turn
out and how to make them successful; she pre-
dicts important events long before they hap-
pen; In fact, there are no hidden mysteries so
deep that she cannot fathom.
Come all who suffer and be healed; come all
speculators and be advised; come all lovers and
win your idol; come all broken-hearted wives;
come all who are In trouble and learn to bless
this wonderful medium, the greatest prophetess
now in America.
Letters Come Pouring In
From all parts of the world. Involving ques-
tions of great Import and complexity, and every
reply Is most gratifying. To the troubled and
unhappy her advice Is soothing and beneficial,
giving them that peace of mind that wealth nor
power can produce. Men of the world consult
her upon matters of business and speculation;
sporting men upon games of chance. Even min-
isters of the Gospel send for her wonderful ad-
vice and marvel at her power.
Come all who suffer and be healed; come all
speculators and be advised: come all lovers and
win your idol; come all broken-hearted wives;
come all who are in trouble and learn to bless
this wonderful medium, the greatest prophetess
WOMAN for light housework; 3 In family; b«
washing; $3 week. 562 Mission st.
LEARX dressmaking and tailoring by th» cele-
brated McDowell system; selected over all
othe's to represent the United States at Ito
Paris Exposition because It is the best tr.->t>- .
for cutting all kinds of ladles' garments; va
limited leesons and Individual Instruct!-:
teaching cutting, fitting and finishing: nn-
ing and tailor-made dresses: your own r..-
"rial made up: easy payments: prepare a v
for spring trade: sewing department open ta
all MCDOWELLS. 103 Post st.
FLATS TO LET.
ASH aye.. 125. bet. Polk. Van Xess, McAllister
and Fulton— Modern 4-room flat.
BOWIE aye.. 5. off Eleventh st -Flat ol 3
rooms: bay window and hall; cheap rent.
CHESTNUT 733. above Taylor— 6 rooms and
bath: large yard; fine marine view.
CLARA. 217— Sunny bay-window Cat; 3 large
rooms; $S 50: no children.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as traveling
saleslady: will travel for any firm; call at
once, room 235. Golden West Hotel. 6S to 76
Ellis st.
BAJf FRANCISCO CALL.
BUETTCESS OFFICE of the Ean Fraadsco
Tall, comer of Market and Third streets, open
crti'l JJ o'clock every nisrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street,
toraer Clay; open until 9:JO p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until »:«> p. m.
(C 9 McAllister etreet; open until »:S0 p. m.
CIS Lark!n street; open until *:S9 p. ra.
JS4I Mission ftreet; open until 10 p. m.
r?«l Market ftreet. corner Sixteenth; cpen
until S p. m.
108 Eleventh street: cpen until * p. m.
3056 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
::a Polk street: cr^n until * p. m.
Northwest corner of Twrnty-seccnd and Ken-
turky streets; open until 9 p. m.
cmncii service*.
TPINITY Church (Cr-ipcoral). cor. Bush and .
Oouih ets.. R"v. Frederick W. Clampett, |
D D rectrr.— Ilcly Communion, b a. m.:
mornlas service, ll; aftern.x>n service. 4; the
r-ct or uili rreach; strangers specially cordial-
ly invited. Mornlng-'Te Deum" and •'Bcne-
d:ctus " Is: B-f.at .Staiacr); o.tertory. 'Mighty
Js Our God " <Hlller>. Afternoon— Magnth-
cat" and "Nunc IHmittus" in B-fiat <.Stainer);
offertory. "Agnus L»l" (Meese Solennelle)
tnosMßl); crpan recital by Dr. H. J. fctewart
afternoon service.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Powell
and Geary sts.. Rev. John liemrhill. v. v..
jist or.— Services at Jl a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
2n the evening an evangelistic service with
evangelistic muric; tojuc. "The Great Surrea-
Uir." All are cordially invited.
GRACE M. E.. Church, corner Twenty-first
and CApp *ts. Rev. J. N. B-ard, D.D.. pas-
tor— ll a. iv.. preaching by the Rev. H. B.
Ueacock. DP. 22:13 i<. m.. Sunday school.
.t G. Kanchet. superintendent. t:l» P-. 1 "-*
Eiwr.rth League devotional meeting, led by
Mis* MaVel Uarri*« subject. "The (strength I
cf Hurr.ii'ty." 7:80 p. m.. preachins ly th«
i>astor. Friday evening social and enter-
tainment. Everybody welcome. Peats free.
CENTRAL Methoflist Episcopal Church. Mls-
«lon st., b*t. Sixth and f>ventb.-I>r. S. D-
ElntalapUter wir. rreach at 11 o clock: topic
•Where Shall They Find the BoyT anJ I at
7 30 on th« trplo, "The Tragedy of the lyle-
par.t Young Man's Mistake." Gospel services
every evening this week.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason- Rev. George C. Adams. D. D-. pas-
tor wIU preach at both services. At 11 a. m..
them- "Go*: Our Father. Revealed Through
Chris?*: at iM p. m.. theme, "Love for One s
Neighbor. anJ Who Is He. 1 All are cordlal.y
tnv'.ted.
j-IRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
Mock, 123 Sutter ft., bet. Keenly St. and
Grant ave.— Chxirritn Science Bible le»»on at
11 fa. vi. ; subject. "Supply and Demand.
Sundfiv-school for children at the same hour
Wednesday ever.;r.g meeting at » o'clock. All
welcome. __ __
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. SIO
Pr*t et.-Prea.chmg 11 a. m. and 7:»D p. m.
This church claims divine origin by angwlle
administration <see Rev.. 14, 6. ') L. the dispen-
sation cf the fullness ef tiroet (Epb,. 1. 10:
•In the dispensation of the fullness of times
He might gather together In one all things lv
Christ in heaven and earth").
THE First Plxine Sctence Church, M- E. Cra-
mer pastor— Dtscoume at 11 a. m. ; subject.
••Hnprly and l>ea-ißnd." Services every Sun-
day 6t'Yowmi!e Hall, Native Sons' building.
Mason ft., bet. Geary and Post; take elevator.
INDEPENDENT address by Rev. Benjamin
Fay Mills en "The Twentieth Century Reli-
gion." In Metropolitan Temple, at 4 p. m. j
All seats free; offertory to defray expenses.
WOMAN wishes place in lunch house or res-
¦ taurant over lunch hours or boarding house,
Call or address 264 First st.
TAILORESS wanted. 115H Harriet St.
WAITRESS wanted. Apply People's Restau-
rant, Cl Clay st.
MAN and wife want situations as cook and
laundress for hotel or summer resort. oi»
Ash aye.
EXCHANGE
FOR EXCHANGE.
Ean Francisco residence wanted. In good loca-
tion- will pay $6000 cash and give a beautiful
Frtltw a residence; large corner lot: *•«•««"»
gTounds; worth IMOO ••¦"j:?^''". 11 ' {Sjjg^™ 1 "
class place wanted.
67 ACRES-Vaca Valley; 20 In fruit »»»»nce
fine land; 7-room house, barn. etc.. value
$6500 clear; trade for Oakland or city Pro^rty-
320 acre*. Lake County. 60 acres cleared, im-
provements; value JXOO clear; trade for Oak-
•¦-LargTTisV-of ranches and city property for
exchange. LAW & LAND CO.. O Market
st., room 422, fourth floor. .
A FINE Income stock ranch of 1920 acres, one-
of the best In the State, fully equipped and
stocked with best breeds of cattle and hogs.
130 acres in grain: all fenced and cross-
fenced with hog-proof wire fence: P" ce ./*|;"
000; on easy terms: must be sold: or win ex-
change for good Income producing property.
HENLEY. 11 Montgomery St.. 1 to 3 p. m.
FOR SALE or exchange— $300; 4-room cottage,
finished basement; lot 15x115: chicken bouses,
well; near San Mateo and Mission cars: would
exchange for 5 acres Improved. C. JWSW.X,
250 Thrift St.. near Capitol, Ocean \ lew.
H ELP WANTED— FEMALE.
r»Ti»T f*T general housework and coni'.nj-
wShte"oS^^ 1711 Buchanan; call Monday!
GIRL for light housework residing with P ar-
ents: sleep home; references; $10. 605 Jessie.
WANTED— An old lady to keep house: small
wages; light Twork. 2 Clarence court, off Bu-
chanan. cor. Geary.
a vnfvo *lrl for general housework; small
family: wages $13. 316 Walnut aye.. near Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED-A young girl to assist with two
children; small wages. £60 O'Farrell st.
VEAT girl for light housework: two In family";
wages $S. Call Monday morning. 8a Oak st
YOUNG girl to assist lnlight housework;
wages $10. 1539 Market st.. near Guerrero
FIRST-CLAS3 sewer for dressmaking 11:3
Polk st. : - - - . .
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housewcr'*.
813* Webster st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GOOD cook with best reference wants situation
at general housework In a family of plain
people. Call Monday at 474 Jessie St.. nr. 6th.
GIRL wants situation to take care of children.
158 Silver st., between Third and Fourth.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes chamberwork:
Is first-class In every respect: or would as-
sist with housework. R.. 31» Minna st.
RESPECTABLE, honest woman wants light
housework, office cleaning, scrubbing or
chamber work. Address or call 842 Alabama.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer;
knowledge of bookkeeping. Box 1088, Call.
DRESSMAKER from the East: first-class cut-
ter and fitter: goes out by the day; make suit
in one day. 1532 Polk st.
YOUNG woman wants situation In small fam-
ily; la a good cook; can give references. Call
at 363 Fell st.
FOR sale— lS.OO'i-gallon tank, windmill and
pump. IS2B Fifteenth st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; fine fixtures; good busi-
ness ; for sale cheap. Box 10S4. Call office.
TO LET-Cafe privilege at Lurllne Baths, Bush
and Larkin sts. Acply on premises.
FOR sale — Old-established restaurant; good
business: ch»ap; sickness. Box 4265, Call.
CANDY store and factory wanted: principals
only; must be in city. Box 4266, Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TWENTIETH, 3442, near Capp— Lower flat of 4
NO. 1 butchtr business. $1400; fixtures, horses,
and wacons cost $2 (v *>; bargain. Apply
Butcher. 378 Sbotwell gt.
FOR sale cheap — Branch bakery and confection-
ery; near school; owner leaving town. Apply
Seventeenth and Senchez sts.
SUNNY flats of 5 and 6 rooms; fine view and
large yard. 707 Stockton st.
NEW flats; light, sunny: 5. 6 rooms: yard
bnsement. 2129 Jones St., near Greenwich.
SEPARATE flat, 3 rooms; yard; rent $10; no
children. 518 Webster st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TWO-SEATED cut-under surrey: In good or-
der; leather top. Seen at 222 Mission Et.
EXPRESS wagon; single or double; cheap. 1123
Mission St., coal yard.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission eU
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
negs. wk & driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become, disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 253-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. IL
STEVENS, raicr.. 3S-40 Bth St.; tel. South 260.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
et. ; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 338 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES. .
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
DENTISTS. [^
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 SO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25: teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 60c; crowns. $3 60: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7 Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
P. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges. $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3: recetved 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5: gold crowns. $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold,' sl up;
silver. COc; painless extraction. 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
tpeclalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted~for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; platen. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy St.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
GUARANTEED dentlstry; $1 week; we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Bun-
_days. 1001 Market St.. comer Slxth^
SET of teeth without plate. DR. IL G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Inc. : 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings aV.d Sundays. S5O Mark»t.
FURNITURE WAATED.
CHAS LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1133 Market St.; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. 30 Geary St., established over 6 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, 421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 41414 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
MEETINGS iciverßnl Ilrotbrrliond.
HELP WA.NTED AGENTS.
AGENTS can make JlO per day selling our nov-
elty machine: write: on application will send
cut and terms. THOS. K. FOOTE CO.. Los
Angeles, Cal. _
AGENTS— Easy seller; no fake; absolutely
new: saves business men money: very large
profits; write quick. T. M. HAMMOND. Mil-
waukee, Wla. '*?' ~-
LADY agents — It you want the best money
makers get the Hygela Electric Corsets and
skirts: the standard for 20 years. Address
Western Corset Co., St. Louis. Mo.
AGENTS — Contra Costa. Alameda, San Joaquln
and Stanislaus; money in this; investigate.
CLARK. 751 Nineteenth st.. Oakland.
AGENTS— Want managing agent for Fresno,
Tul^re, Kern and Kings counties; money In
this. HERRICK. 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.Cal.
GENTLEMAN and lady of good address as so-
licitors for prominent local company; liberal
saint y when ability Is proved. Address box
4263. Call office.
HARPEK & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed her*; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
OIJKLL. 2M Kearny st.
BOARDING roll CUILDHEV.
LADY with erov.-n family wishes young child
to bodr-i; good home. Box 4345, Call.
WANTED— I cr 2 children to board in German
family; best cape. 422 Minna st.
GOOD home for 2 children -over 2 years old.
2178 Perry ft.
PRIVATE family will board child I years and
over: sunrv yard; tern-.* $10. kJ4',4 Valencia.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
fcCHOOL BOOKS bourht en.l exchanged^
Holbim Bock Co.. Tf'4 Ml— ten st.. nenr Third.
Write
28MEDICATED MATHS.
INVALIDS' who find no relief from drugging
the etcmach to investigate Dr. Conant s
methcd of absorption, which r.-ver fails. Call
cr addrees fcr booklet. ABidrosls. 47 Post.
©TS'-e No. 6- tests' bath*, 6; ladles parlors, SJ.
personal property, lowest rates; write or call
1 to 2. DEWING. 75 Chronicle building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Exchange, 431
California st.
ANY imount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; pny amount;
JoweFt rates. BECKER & CO., 23 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 595.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
<"¦; and tS, Donohoe building, 1179 Market st.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent, no removal; no commission. R. 81. (Eddy.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 338 Parrott build-
Ing — Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT :'i per cent per month, on furniture. IJO2
Polk st. OTTO MAX.
CASH loaned to Falaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. €09 Examiner building.
$50 TO $;0,M0: lov.-rst rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, -413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, rflanos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men, without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
riscn Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bulldlnar.
MOXEY WAXTED.
WANTED— To borrow a few hundred dollars to
increase respectable business; or will take
partner. Box *V>*. Call offlce.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. It pages, sent to any address in the
United States cr Canada cne year for $1,
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold; send for him. 506 Kearny.
WANTED— OId gold for nianuf'g. O. NOLT.F.,
jeweler. S4S O'Fnrrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN, A.M.. Ph.D., ISIS Linden. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn th«
United States or Canada ona year fur $1,
p-yta-e paid. v
PHYSICIAXS AXIJ SL'UGI-OXS.
PARALYSIS:
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES,
CONSUMPTION.
OLD-STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all others have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. ! Consultation free.
DR. L. J. STRATTON. 507, 508 and 509, Par-
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OffIce and residence,
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
¦-. PLUMBERS. .-'
W. E. LANE, phone Main »15, 603 California
et. ; everybody's plumber.
JjOST— A rmn.ll leather pouch, containing three
diamond and turquoise rings. The finder will
be ntenllr rewarded by returning- same to
MRS. A. MORRLSSEY. "The Asiiwotth." 2.0
*Mascn st.
j^Og-'-T^p tickets for National Parlor's minstrel
shew: No-. 1401-14 M. P.eturn to 2i« Bush et.;
reward.
LOST-^FtaX terrier bitch, from wagon. Market
ft n>ar Bixtb. TinJcr r<tum to 442 Valencia
H. an.! receiv- reward.
LOST— Oi-dcr Ixxk. Kindf-r please return to
but-Cbcrxbop. C1 ' r - Twelfth and Howard.
l_rfPT— Valise; ten coir red: !ctt»r Fl near clasp;
liber.! reward. BUTLER. 4g O*F*rr_il;»tra
LOFT— Saturday, small i^itr) pin; diamond cen-
ter. LtberaJ i-ev.-ard at 6C5 O'Farrell jst.
LADY'S gold »r>eftacles In c«*»: from 726 Eddy,
to T_yl"r. to Market i-t.; reward^
j'OUND— A young Gordon setter dog. 116
Guerrero «t. -
IOx"t«Tl— pup; all whit". w::h spot on ear;
liberal reward. IC6 Gulden Oate aye.
LOFT— A Kn:chts Templar crowi with name of
«,wner on the hack. WALTER C. CAMP-
HKLL. The finder will receive $i on return-
ing it 'o IST'* Turk rt.
LOST-A silk «carf7 Initial A. D.. from Frank-
lin Hal! to Sa'ranento st. as far as Gr.uzn.
{Suitable reward when delivered at 1311 Sacra-
rr.ento st^ —
FOUND— The r-in which was lest at Dickey.
r^adh'.'us-e In November, ISiS. Owner will
£*«5e .-i.irrr* cote to M. Box 111. Call Eusi-
n.-«» Offlpf. _.
LOST AXD FOt'AD.
BELLE— OUDRY - .\ ¦
IS NOT A LADY
A— A— ELECTRIC massage treatment removes
wrinkles; free this week: I guarantee to per-
manentry remove superfluous hair by elec-
trolysis. MISS ISADORE BARRETT. Der-
matologist. 1207 Market St.. opp. City Hall.
PHYSICAL culture, massage, to ladies: private
Mrs. Wagner, graduate masseuße. 1013% Larkln
A FINE suit to order $10 75 or pants $3 75: our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS.
1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co. 532 Kearny, near Sacto.;
also 1644 Market St., under St. Nicholas.
OUR spring goods are arriving; call and see
our blue serge $15 ladles' tailor-made suits
at $1 Der week. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1306
Stockton *t.. near Broadway; open evenings.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Wlncheste
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 100 rooms
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $fi per week
free 'bus and bnggage to and from the ferry
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard St.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer in America; sketch of life . and
prospects: send date of birth, sex and 12c.
PROF. SERRANO, P. O. box £235, Boston.
Mass.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumer-; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
MARRIAGE PAPER.
Best published— FßEE.
J. W. GUNNELS. Toledo. Ohio.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Pllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 11S1.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
ALASKA fur garments, linotls. mitts, leather
coats. H.,M. HEINEMAN. UN S;insome st.
IF you wish full value for your ca«t-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: fl. 81ack1423.
IXjANS to salaried people: personal security
rmlv. TOUSLET. 221 Parrott bull.lnz.
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished, p. A. Dolan, 6.52 Market.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
MONEY to loan on real estate, notes, bonds.
HOUSES TO I.KASE
ELEOA~T rr!— »te boarding house to lease;
now being remodeled; S. W. cor. Pine and
Ijkm. \mu worth ets. : 50 sunny rooms; modern
appointrr.'-r.ts: handsome grounds. DAVID-
yjX ai LCIoH. 3i> Montcomery et.
3IOXKV TO LOAX
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
»tage«, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. i.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. $46 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch IS Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, Interest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortß-ges; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay; try all others, then see me; $50
to $100,0"">0; 6 per cent; Ist. 2<l or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided interests in
MISCELLAXEOI'S WANTS
WANTED — Concert phonograph, records. 52-
inch horn, etc., projectoscope films, screen,
colored banners, etc. FOSTER. 13SS Market.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1710 Market Bt.
WANTED— First-class Columbia dental chair.
IDEAL MENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy St.
WANTED— A camera in good condition. Ad-
dresE box 4323. Call.
SMALL milk route; not less than 4 cans per
day. Address box 4297. Call.
SCRAP iron and machinery bought. Ban Fran-
cisco Iron Yard, 204 Mission st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, gent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
Hoi M:< LomilMi — To Let
FERSOXALS
WANTED— Am a widower, prosperous business;
$35,000 Invested; income $5000 yearly; want
wife for companion In my home. "FRANK,"
4714 Evans aye., Chlcago^llL
FAMILY is going to the Paris Exposition;
facts and figures can be given to anybody
who wishes to Join; have seen Paris Expo-
sitions before. Box 4304, Call offlce.
WOULD like to become acquainted with some
conservative person with means, to play stable
information on the races. Box 4334, Call.
ABOUT HAIR —
To restore to its natural color
Without dye : — — — •
Cure dandruff; grow new hair.
The Star Hair Remedy-
Stands pre-eminently above all other
— — Tonics and restorers;
No grease; no stain — —
Buy It; try it.
At druggists and hair-dressers. Manufactured
by the Star Remedy Co.. San Francisco.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica is fast superseding all
Hair Tonics: 3.ic bot.: Lederer's Foamo Sham-
poo cannot be beat, 5c pgk. 123 Stockton st.
BLUE-EYED baby rlrl for adoption. MRS.
DR. FCNICE, 1416 Eighth el., Alameda.
GENTLEMAN wants lady partner; business
and conjugal; no capital required. Box 4299,
Call office. .
LEDERER is noted for the polite manner in
which every desire of the customer is carried
out; neat parlors; careful attendants; hair-
dresslng, 25c. 123 Stockton st.
LADIES troubled with wrinkles, coarse pores,
pimples, blackheads. sallowness, ¦ sunken
cheeks, should consult MME. FISHER. 13
Powell st.; treatment free. ,
LADIES — Bust enlarged 6 Inches: harmless: SlOO
cash guarantee; proof free. Leonard Medi-
cine Co., Kansas City, Kans.
"HAIR Doctor's Remedy. N. G. depot, Oak-
land; merit Its reference; largest bottle, 6 for
$5, prepaid.
ODELL, 73 Fourth St., prints 1000 cards $1; bill-
heads, statements, envelopes $1 50: mail orders.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
GENTLEMEN, bring your goods and we will
make and trim your suit for $10 this month to
advertise our work. MASTEN, the tailor, 109
Larkln bt., near Turk.
LOIXHNG HOUSES and good HOTELS at
honest price*: money loaned buyers. Rooms
1 end 2. M 7 Market st.
': • 'MfNC; house— 2S rooms and bath; full, with
f.f-z'y roomers; cheap; owner leaving city.
¦»:¦ sixth _¦
FIXEST hou*e on Market rt. for sale; 16
r<-,.0n-.s; a bargain. Box 4342, Call offlce.
A I>_:£lRABLl_. large, good-paying transient
house: north of Markft; will stand investiga-
tion. Pac. States R»alty Co.. S2O Parrott big.
475 WASHINGTON St.. Oakland. 14-rooxa house
for tale cheap; call; cc« party.
j.2r. — LODGING-HOUtiE. 12 rooms, for sale;
targain. 120 Second et. : no agents.
A WEEK P news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
It, paces, in wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert r-cords, $2 50. BACIGALUPI,
933 Market st., San Francisco.
COCKER spaniel mips; 4 months old: flne
pedigree; reasonable. 732 De-visadero st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1913 Mission st.,near 15th.
SHOWCASES, candy Jars, shelving and coun-
ters for bait at Townsend's, 735 Market st.
DR. CREELT'S C. P. mange cure: by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 610 Golden Gate aye.
ICE machine for sale; in good condition; 1 ton;
Apply 416 Shotwell gt.
15-HORSE power boiler and engine. 316 Rail-
road aye., San Francisco, south.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st., near 16th.
ANY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 226 National aye., San Diego. Cal.
A 10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California pt.
A— s3 DO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., nr. Pine.
ONE 4-elded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 6 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $io! MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery at.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes. lathes,
iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 616 Mission
PARTXEUS WAX'I'KD.
WANTED— Partner with a few hundred dol-
lars to manufacture a line of staple goods;
great sellers. Box 4552. Call offlce.
2 GREAT Danes, male and female. Just im-
ported from Europe; they are good watch
dogs; would suit for a large property. Ad-
dress M_______________il_________f__
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear «t.
A NEW 10 H. P. marine engine; also 2 H. P.
portable engine and boiler; $50. Address box
2710. Call offlce. Oakland.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard, Pres. Et. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 3. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
HOUSES LODGIXG FOR SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS-SEE THEM.
P> room*; new furniture $5500
B-roon new f.at 501
*6-room bouse; clears $l<Xt 550
119-room corner house 4So>>
£2 nvrr.s; fine corner: clears $2". ft ISO-)
14 rooms; r.orth of Market; clears $125 901
7-room house; only 150
?4 rocrns; easy {¦.aymer.ls Sfl«>
S2 rooms: corner; only !_¦»
I 1)I 1 ) moms on O'Farrell st S2S
31 fvirr.fi c-n Taylor et.: worth $SOO 40>
22 rorms; comer; clears $150 16iV>
Corner on Market; clears $4"0; 104 rooms.. 4S<»
Mod. house: elev.; clears »500: 64 rooms... 6joo
Tel. John i_ H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
M GT.IFFIN, 719 Market st.. near Call bldg
T rooms ; rent $2*. $1";
lt> rorms; rent $35 $37;
35 rooms: a fine money maker $600
26 rooms; corner; all light rooms $1000
12.10— n ROOM?; near Market St.; all rented;
rr.UFI *ci!. BASILE. 3 EJ^y Bt.
1< U'EJ-L furnished rooms; rent $25; no agents.
KS Howard ft.
14™: NETS $4S: 12 rooms; Van Ness aye.. near
Markrt Ft.; can be seen 10 to 4 to-day. Room
"•S ::se Market et.
HMEN engine 12x12; nearly new; about 40
horsepower; cost $1000; will be -Old cheap.
221 First *t.. top floor.
MUST sell; account departure; furniture and
carpets of 4 rooms; $W>. 735 O'Farrell st.
RAMBLER tandem: in good condition; new
tires; will sell cheap. 121 Powell st.
4-HORSE power Otto gas engine; line shaft,
pulleys, hangers: cheap. 112 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— Two cinnamon pugs, 2 months old.
724 Eddy st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Walt. Safe Co., 109-111 Market St., S. F.. Cal.
OFFICES AXD STOKES — TO LET.
NICE sunny corner suite; occupied last 10
years by doctor; modern improvements. 1148
Sutter st^
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City of
Paris, Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
of flees and stores. • ,-•'.•'/'
$10— LARGE store and 3 rooms; large yard;
suitable for laundry. 2927 Mission st.
GOOD stand for a practical shoemaker; store
and 4 rooms. 3114 Fillmore st.; rent $12.
LARGE store suitable for grocery or bar cheap.
SW. cor. Buchanan and O'Farrell sts^ .
PORTION of offlce or desk room In Parrott
building; reasonable. Ad. box 4309. Call.
$20— STORE: 2 show windows and 8 large
rooms; adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st.
..._.- _...,:..,_ -.... -_.-. FINE Fischer & Steinway upright; sacrificed
_IISCI-LLA-t--O_S-— FOIt SALIC. KEEFFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st
BOILKKS. enjrlntu, 2<J-hand machinery. M<> GOOD uprlfcht piano: nearly new; cheap.
INTOSH 4; WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont el. UORKUNQ'B, 216 McAllister st.
DARS back bans, mirrors, showcases, coun- BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. BCHMITZ, 16
ten?, linoleum office furniture, store and of- McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors, A WEEK'S iictvb for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
bought. *old and exchanged. 1063 MisiMon «t. 16 pages. In ¦wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
F l^VSng? r m?rror S Br^Vkerdf B pfay ln nxT UU U re t s ; OFFICES AXD STOKES-TO LET.
:v f/nuf /nue rfice - 6totk boxes - * tc - 16 " 1S " 20 Grant iSsrsssrs?ssr7sn^^?sssns^
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON, 824 Post st.
CO SLIGHTLY used high and medium grade
pianos; special discounts for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 13S Ellis st.
CONOVER, Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
Warerooms, 181S Market et.
DON'T buy; rent a new piano, $3 per month.
SCOTT CURT A Z PIANO CO.. 3CO Hayes st.
SELL for storage— 2 uprights, $75; very nne
Steinway. $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
LARGE upright piano: standard make; $125;
call evenings. :"19 Powell s^
W. O. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
3IIXES AXD MIXIXG. . . .
ALAPKA-Half interest in S claims; good pros-
pects; Forty Mile district; American feee; will
take in partner. 143 Third st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Calt,
16 pa.—--, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
FOR rale— A barber shoy at Twenty-fourth and
Senrhrz yts.
GREFN hands an* wallers for England, Africa
and *tea:n whalers at HERMAN'S, 26 Pteuart.
FURNISHED rooms. 73c, $1. $125 per week
METROPOLITAN. £14 Fourth St.
THREE fancy weavers for casslrnere.. San
Jose. Woolen Mills, San Jose, Cal.
MEN wanted to iearn barber trade in 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special inducement
this season ; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution In the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLKTt'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63i
Cay «. Branches— «tn Francisco. New York.
ftt. Lr'Ui*. Chlc_r~. Minneapolis.
MKN end women to appoint agents; 175 month:
VJ?.™?* '¦ •" t "-'3y Positions. CUTLER &
; ALGCR. New Haven, Conn.
WANTED— L-iborcrs end mechanics to know
that Ed Rnlklr.. Reno House proprietor, still
ruris Denver House, ttt Third et.; 1?.O large
>*TOCB»; So per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONS— J.~TT~Sh"ePARD & CO.. attor-
nej-s. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
WANTED — 300 men tn try our 19e hreskfast.
-Inner rr supper; b«Et in city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Mtr-
ket: 700 rooms. 250 r.l_ht; reading room: free
•bus end t-cgage to and from th» ferry.
CLASSIFIED aavert'.sements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, ~00 Fillmore.
A BRANCH ofSo* for Call advertisements and
-übscriji'.ions has been established at 10?« Va-
lencia «t.
A BRANCH otSea for the re cectlon of adver-
tise-ner.ts ar.d eubscr'.rtion* has been opened
et 12.3 Po'k st.: open until 9 p. tn.
SHEET MUSIC
Half Price to All
At
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
Cerner Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Largeit Stock In the Entire West.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEyTS. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Cnicago Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ,
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
ALL Sheet Music sold at half the marked price
at MAUVAIS'. 7C9 Market st.
GOOD square, $50: upright. $150: great bar-
gains at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market Bt.
THE best music box in" the world is the Olym-
pla: sold on installments or for cash at
MAUVAIS'. 7€9 Market st.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOOD^%'H^rthT^eii^n^wn~T_dles^_ysn
clan, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $3; safe and reliable cure in one
day; 13 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007' i Market st.
DR. <.}. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; Eafe and rf'.iable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023 V. Market at.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: home
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
flce, $5; any ailment; confultatlon free. 942
Post st.. between Hyde ard Larkln.
MRS. VR. KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guar-
nnteed treatment at offlce. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market St.. bet.
Mason and Taylor: hour- 9 a. m. to 5 j>. m.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment, $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1C35 Market, ladies' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at offlce, $6; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 141* Eighth <.. Alameda—
Female specialist; home in contineroent.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. HIS Market
St.; ever}* case guaranteed; $5 up^
DR. ai7d~ljß¥r^-7~WEGENER-Prlvate home
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST »nd best in America— The \Ceekly
Call. IS pages, tent to any address In the
United States or Canada cne year . for Jl.
pottage psld. '
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$8500— Octavia St., near Broadway: two-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
rents $45.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom St., Treat
aye., 13th and 14th sts., being offered in sub-
divisions; call at office and get diagrams; $1200
and upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT. '
$70,000— Close to Third and Howard sts.; part-
ly improved; will pay 6 per cent net; large
lot, 134:0x165: double frontage.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3?so— Ritch St.; a flats; rents $4-50: lot 22x80.
$Ssoo— Tehama st., near Third; 8 tenements;
rents $76; lot 60x.0.
P.ESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$7300 each— Facing Jefferson square en Laguna
St.; special offering of several choice residences;
get diagram and particulars at offlce.
CORNER LOT.
$5000— Van Ness aye.; corner; 32:6x1C9.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
Cream of Park Lots.
On very easy payments; choice lots In the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and I
sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.; right on
the Park and the new Ninteenlh aye. boule-
vard; most of the lots already sola; balance
bognd to sell quickly; flne investments; good
building lots; all ready; lots on official grada;
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank side-
walks; 6 per cent interest only.
SEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— YOUR
OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes; elec-
tric cars pass the property; see this block at
once: go to our branch office to-day, cor. H
st. and Ninth aye.; price lists, etc.. there or at
our offlce. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
PAYS ALMOST 12 PER CENT.
$90CO— Modern flats; overlooking the Park
Panhandle: contains 7 rooms and all conven-
iences; fine gunny rooms; good tenants; lot
27:8X10 °-
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$27.500— Pays 7 per cent net; handsome 4 story
and basement building; ', one block from Al-
hambra Theater.
LYON STREET FLATS.
$3500— An offer wanted; fine flats: not far from
the Park; C and 7 rooms, Dath, etc.; rent $!¦">;
lot 25x100.
DEVISADERO ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$4500— Substantial building; one tenant; lot
2£xlC6:3; rent $32 50 net. - .-,.¦¦_ ¦: "
FORECLOSURE SALE.
$6250— Price reduced; residence fin sunny side
Halcht fct'.. near Baker; contains 10 rooms, etc.;
lot .7x127:6.
' $56CO— Rent $30; brand new flats, 5 and 6
rooms, etc. each;' in best portion of. Panhandle
district; lot 27x127:1.
$6750— Worth $5500; a nice home: right In
town: Hyde, near City Hall: contains 8 rooms,
two baths.
$2400— 5250 cash: pretty bay-window on Clem-
ent near Fifth avo.; contains 5. rooms, bath,
etc.; only small amount cash required down;
the monthly payment will be moderate.
LYON A HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
GOING! GOING.! GOING!!!
$675 $675.
Why not? The lots in the block bounded by
Ninth and Tenth ayes. J and X sts. are selling
fast. They are the very best lots in the city
for the money; 5 two-story houses now build-
ing on the blocks. See the houses and the lots
to-day; fine views; street work done; perrect
title; near the car line. ¦--_„_,,, -,
TERMS $50 CASH; $10 MONTHLY
For a splendid building lot; flne Investment:
no lots can be had for the price so favorably
located. Take blue car on Eddy st. (Haight
or Ellis street cars transfer), get off at Tenth
aye; only 2 blocks to walk.^ & ™£
111 Montgomery at.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
623 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established ISSB.
$17,000— Fulton st., bet. Polk and Van Ness
aye.; lot 50x120 to Ash aye.
$7000— Modern flats on Fillmore St.. near Mc-
Allister; rents $50; a bargain.
$6000— Folsom St.. between Third and Fourth;
3 stores; rents $42 50; lot 40xSO.
$7700-McAlllster St.. near Steiner: elegant
house ; 8 rooms and bath; 26:6x110.
$5000— Baker st.. near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; tn perfect order; 23:6x102:8.
Must be sold— Shotwell St.. near Sixteenth:
rent $10; price only $3500.
$2300— Bryant st.. near Seventh; two cottages;
rents $20: "lot 20x80. .
j*iro--Onk Grov* aye.. near Harrison St.;
r *6; lot 25x112.
-Sheridan st.. near Tenth and Harrison;
fl_.~. well rented; lot 25x100.
$4230— Octavia St., near_ Haight; an elegant lot
for modern flats; 27:6x87:6.
$J3Co— Greenwich st.. between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$2000— York St., near 23th: 5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x100.
$1500— Day et.. near Church; cottage of 5
rooms; lot 25x114.
MADISON *: BURKE.
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
McAFEE BROTHERS, 10S MONTGOMERY ST.
ELLIS STREET.
Fine lot on north side of Ellis st., near Jones;
38x120, to rear street;, splendid lot for lodging
house; old improvements rent for $35 monthly;
price J20,50C.
POST STREET.
Between Leavenworth and Hyde: building
could be turned into three flats and pay big;
lot 34:4x137:6: price $13,000; will sell adjoining
34:4 feet for $10,000.
DOWNTOWN.
Ellis st.. nenr Taylor; house of 20 rooms;
rented for $120 monthly; lot 27:6x137:6; price
$20,CC0.
:': VERY CHEAP.
Good sunny house of 7 rooms on Webster St.:
price has been reduced to $3500; a bargain.
MISSION STREET.
Near Twelfth; 40xJ37:6; old Improvements; will
be bold cheap; an offer wanted.
TWO LOTS
On Alvarado st.. near Sanchez; 25x114; only
$G5O each.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Fine lot on the north side of Clay St.. near
Locust aye.; 34:4x127:8; splendid marine view;
price $4500.
$1730— Spruce, near Clay; 25-foot lot.
A FIFTY- VARA CORNER.
North Bench, on car line; only $6500; good
chance for a builder.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
-.V 108 Montgomery St.. S. F.
$230<^— ELEGANT cottage on Fourteenth aye.,
facing new boulevard.
$1950— Very cheap cottage In the Mission;
easy terms.
$300—150x100; corner m San Jow road, near
Mlssion-st. cars; cheap: must be sold.
$1750— Corner Twenty-fifth and Castro.
$SOO— Cheapest lot In Richmond; Fourth aye.,
near Clement: 25x120; $50 cash, balance easy
terms. Lots on Twenty-fourth aye. and
Clement st. ¦
$600 — Bargain: cottage at Ocean View; close
to cars.
McEWEN BROS., lIS Montgomery st.
A— DAVID STERN & SONS.
Real- Estate Acents,
11 Montcomery st.
$3.", Coo —Mission st.. near 3th: 40x160 to Minna.
$13,000— Rents $102 10; new flats; O'Farrell St.,
near Laiuna.
$l_.OCO — Rents* $100; Sixteenth St., rear Valen-
cia; business property; stores nnd flat.
$.-,."00— Rents $60; 3 modern flats: Haight st.
$2750 — 434 Fair Oaks; S rooms and bath; 25x125.
$3500— C!ayt"ii et., near Waller; 4.'>xloo.
VALLEJO St.. Paclflc Heights; choice lots be-
tween Steiner and Pierce; will build to suit
and sell on easy terms. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. M 6 Market St. .
$5500— BRODERICK st., near Fulton; 3 flats:
flne 3-stcry bay-window building; bank mon-
Knge $MWO; fGrced sale: I3xl(V>: real bargain.
L. OESTERREICHER. 117 Putter st.
j->7OO— N. W. COR. Golden Gate aye. and Lyon
St.: 32:6x100: want offer. GEHRING, room
422. fourth floor, $23 Market «.
H MURPHY. 630 Market *t.. makes loans on
second mortgages. Interests in estates, etc.
C C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast cor. Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.: must be sold; $oxll4 feet.
JlfiCO— North line Carl St., near Stanyan: 23x
1S7:« feet. : .>-=¦¦.¦
11. MURPHY, 630 Market st.. makes loans on
second mortgages, interests in estates, etc.
MODERN flats— ssSod; containing 5 and S rooms
each; highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences: 631 Waller' St.. . one
block from Haight and Pierce; easy terms.
F. NELSON. Builder. : .
FOR sale — Cottage and lot In - Mission warm
.belt; a bargain. Box 4400. Call. '
TO exchange— Building plann for vacant lot or
house rent. Ad. Architect. P. O. Station H.
REAL ESTATK — CITY — FOIt SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market st.
INVESTMENTS
PAYING BIG INTEREST, AND EVERY
FLAT RENTED.
$13,000— Pays 10 r>er cent— 9 modern flats: on
large let; 2 frontages; Pine St., near
Fillrnore.
$10,500— Pays 11 per cent; 3 elegant modern flats,
7 and 8 rooms and bath; Eddy st.. near
Buchanan.
$10,250— Pays SStV t per cent; 4 flats. 2 on Hayes st.
and 2 on rear street, near Laguna.
$6500— Pays 10 per cent: 2 elegent modern flats;
7 and 5 rooms and bath; tn Scott at.; or
will trade for city property.
$iOOO— Pays 8 per cent: 2 flats. 3 and 6 rooms and
bath: on Leaveuworth «.. walking dis-
tance cf Kearnr and Mark?t. ¦ ? .¦'
$47_O_Payi» H per cent; 2 fine corner fiats, 5
rooms and bath; on Steiner st. _ : "__'_
$4300— Pays 9 per cent; 2 flats, 5 rooms and bath;
on Bush st., near Lyon.
$18,C0O— Pays 9 per csnt; on Howard st. near
Fourth- large rooming house and stores.
$8750— Pays 13 per cent; 10 flats, near Sixth and
Mission sts.; In good condition.
$6250— Pays 12 per cent; 6 flats, a and 4 rooms;
on Mess st.. near Howard.
$COCO— Pays 11 rcr cent: 4 nice flats of » and 4
rooms: on Harrison et.. near Fourth.
$40OC— Pays 12V4 per cent: half block from new
Postofflce; 3 flats. 4 and 6 rooms.
$4000— Pays 14 per cent: 6 flats of 4 and 5 rooms;
near Sixth and Folsom st 3. f •
$4750 — Pays 14 per cent; 3 elegant modern flats of
6. 6 ard 7 rooms and bath: porcelain bath,
tile mantels, etc.; large lot; near Seven-
teenth and Market sts.; and dent forget—
ALL RENTED.
$5230— Pays 11 rer cent; 3 modern flat?. 5 rooms
and hath; near Twenty-third and Howard.
$4000— Pays 9»i per cent; 2 flats. 4 and v rooms
and bath; near Valencia and Fourteenth.
RESIDENCES.
S7SC0 — Large, elegant medern residence. 11 roomj
and bath, attic, basement, stable; on Pine
»t., near Pierce, sunny side street: large
lot. 42:4x127:6; J5OOO bank, m ortga_e can
remain.
$1230— N. E. corner on Pine st.; house 8 rocms
and bath; lot 27:6x110 feet.
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
JlSoO— Large lot. 30x117:6 feet to rear street; on
best block on Dolores st.. a few feet from
Twenty-second-street cars.
51150 — Fine building lots; 15 minutes' ride from
Market and Kearny sts.; electric cars
pass property; street bltumlnlzed: will
make terms to suit or build to suit pur-
chasers.
SEND FOR ONE OF
Our Catalogues* of PROBATE, PARTITION
AND FORECLOSURE SALES of properties
AT AUCTION— TO HIGHEST BIDDER.
TUESDAY. MARCH 6. 1900.
STOP paying rent and be your own landlord:
$500 is all a new a room and bath cottage will
cost you that I am now building on Hoffman
aye., Heyman Tract.
$750 for a 2-story. 6-room house on 9th aye.,
near California and Presidio Heights.
$250 for a 4 room nod bath cottage.
Come personally and have a talk with me
and I will explain it to you so you will be
convinced.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
$90 LOTS on easy terms; near the Beach and
opposite the gold mines now developing.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
$450 — HOUSE of three rooms; lot 50x125; in
Colma. near R. R. station; on $10 monthly In-
stallments.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter tt.
$350 LOTS on 47th aye. and J st.
$450 lots on 23d aye., Richmond District.
$100 lots in Colma.
$150 lots on Mission road.
$350 lots on View aye., near Hoffman aye.;
streets graded and sewered.
JACOB HEYMAN. .117 Sutter St.
$100 IS all it will cost you for a 4 room and
bath cottage on the Alvln Tract. Elmhurst 11.
R. station, near Oakland. For particulars
call on
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
FURNISHED cars for rent at the Ocean Beach.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st..
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
Several fine pieces of property on and adja-
cent to Market St.
$2700— 0n Twenty-second st.. near Valencia;
fine 2-story house and lot 25x114, with a stable.
PARK LOTS.
$15 down and 1 2-3 c per day for 27 months
will srive you a fine park lot.
On Installments: $15 down and $5 per month:
price $150; park lots 25x120 feet each; well lo-
cated: only 5 blocks from the park and 4
blocks from the boulevard; also on $5 down and
$5 per month, lots 25x100 feet in the Garden
Tract near the terminus of San Bruno-ave. car
line. ¦ J
$150 or less each— Lots 25x100 In Silver Ter-
race, near Silver aye.
$5500— LOT 31x120 feet on Ellis st., running back
to Willow aye., (food double- house on Willow
aye., room for building on Ellis st: $4500—
double house of 8 rooms each; Clementina St.;
money to loan.
GERMAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny st.
$5500— BARGAIN; on Golden Gate aye., opp.
Jefferson Square: Improved lot 25x137; rents
$40. Address box 114, Calt office.
$75— CHOICE, level lot 25x100, at IngleslJe. Ad-
dress box 114. Call office.
FOR sale, cheap— New 2-story houses, 7 rooms;
latest improvements: Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
IF you have lots In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call on W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDINO.
HEADQUARTERS FOIt I'ARK LOT 3.
Now for a Prosperous Era for San Francisco.
$200 to $400— Near Nineteenth-aye. boulevard
and Park, from H to X st. ; $3 monthly.
$500 to $SoO— Choicest lot- in Sunset: streets
graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
$300 to JSOO— Cheapest residence lots la Rich-
mond; easy tern— ).
$100 to $250— Level lots near Mlssion-st. elec-
tric car line; only $5 monthly.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKED BUILDING.
;
A BARGAIN
ON SUTTER ST.. NEAR POLK.
Fine three-story buildinar with store below .
Rents $70.
PRICE HAS BEEN REDUCED.
THOMAS MAGEE & SON 9.
Real Estate Agents.
5 Montgomery St.
KEAI- ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A LIST OF SPECIAL BARGAINS— When
sending for my CATALOGUE, always state
about what Is wanted— amount to Invest, etc.
I'll then also furnish a specially prepared list of
"SNAP" bargains near what you want, not In
catalogue. While I make a special feature of
XAPA and SONOMA counties. I'm personally
acquainted with over 3000 ranches for *\'o nnd
exchange In California— more than all other
agents put together in San Francisco. I travel
nil the time, carefully inspecting country prop-
erty. Best systematized LAND OFFICE In
America. S t CK ELS. the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary »t.. opp. Chronicle building. S. F.
A LOVELY income home and unequaled value;
SO acres ricn loam: no adobe; fenced: 3 fl»lda'
60 highly cultivated: 30 wocded hill pasture; 23
acres bearing orchard: 6-room residence; large
barn, poultry arrangements; 3 living spring-;
trout creek and well: fine read; adjacent to
Natia- including stock and tools; only $.vlOO
N. D. SICKELS. the LAND AGENT.
1C Geary St.. opposite Chronicle bldg.. S. F.
SPECIAITBARaAINS IN^RAKCHES:
fl an acre; 3COO acres on fork of Eel River, on
proposed extension of railroad from Ukiah;
(enccd. well wooded and watered; ICO acre 9 for
grain:' fine house 7 rooms, barn, orchard; will
keep 2CCO sheep or 3CO cattle.
jiOWv-Fruit an<l poultry farm. 13 acres, near
Tetaluma; all level loam land; house, barn and
orchard; a bargain.
$ICOO— Half price: 600 acres hill land: fine for
craxlng- orchard and vineyard: running water
and enough wood to pay for the land; on main
road at railway station, near Uklah.
$1200—160 acres In the hills, « miles west of
Uklah; houße, barn and orchard; 10 acres in
grain; SO acres in pine and oak timber.
$6 an acre— 64o acres choice red— ocd timber on
Navarro River. p ROTH _ RM _ U
507 California st.
$1000— FINE 20-acre ranch; level garden land;
gnod house; barn full of hay: fine horse,
buggy: 100 chickens and farming- tools, etc.;
fare 50c: half mile to station.
$3500— Fine, highly Improved. 120-acre farm:
gocd 8-room house and outbuildings; all In
grain; fare 50c; cheap at $5000.
$1000— 35-acre place; 8 acres bearing trees
and vines: buildings, spring; fine timber;
worth J2OCO; sold on account of death.
$300—414 acres, improved place at depot.
Santa Crus Mountains; a beautiful r«3ort;
first one gets it.
$150— Nice 10-acre home, on R. R.: nice land;
some oak trees; payable $10 a month.
WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 Market st.
BARGAIN offered to close an estate: 316 acres,
near Placerville; beautiful location; fine im-
provements; 60 acres: bearing orchard: 65
acres grain: abundance stock farming imple-
ments; $3CCO yearly profits: $7000 takes every-
thing: terms reasonable. Call 531 California
St., room _ . .
REAL ESTATE— COUXTBT — Fo* Sal*
SUGAR PINE TIMBER LAND.
320 acres of the finest sugar pine In this State:
located in reservation: owner forced to tell, and
will give a great bargain for cash. J. 8.
JOHNSON. 972 Broadway, Oakland.
RECLAIMED LAND.
5000 ACRES.
Finest vegetable land in the State: thoroughly
dyked and now under cultivation: only 23 miles
from San Francisco: will subdivide Into 500-acr«
tracts or sell as a whole for $50 per acre. J: S.
JOHNSON. 972 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR rent or sale cheap— Ranch 200 acres In th»
redwoods; 14 miles west of Uklah; house and
barn; orchard and 40 acres cleared and fenced,
balance in redwood and oak timber; good
place for resort, hunting and fishing. Ad-
dress R.. box 1» A Call office^
6CO ACRES In Stanislaus County, near rail-
road; water; growing crops; under fence and
all other improvements. For particulars ad-
drets or call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk, city.
MARIN Co.; 25 miles from 3. F.— s4o to $30
per acre; choice lands tn tracts of all sizes;
Improved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms: rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Bth floor. Mills bldg.. 9. F.
$3COO— DOWNTOWN investment: rents $55.
$2SOO— Residences south of Golden Gate Park.
$16T.O — Lots on Stanyan st.
Other lots in different part* of the city and
soi-e bargains in Oakland and Alameda.
J. FRANKEL. 120 Sutter St.. room 75.
J. W. HORN. 312 Main st.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list of Sonoma County bargains.
UOOMS FOR HO_SEKEEPI.\G.
ADELAIDE place. 8. off Taylor, near Post-
Newly furnished housekeeping rooms: gas;
no children. |
BELMONT place. 3. off E. side Seventh St.. bet.
Bryant anj Urannan— Nicely furnished room.
with grate. $4 per month.
BRANNAN. 729. corner of Geneva^ — Two fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 2323— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping: gas range; reasonable;
references exchanged.
CASTRO. 4_:>, near 17th and Market— 2 house-
keeping' rooms; staßle if desired: cheap.
CASTRO, 511— Two unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: rent $4 50. ___________
ELLIS. 414— Lower flat; two rooma with closets;
range, gas; complete.
FELL 36S — Nice sunny frcnt room for
housekeeping for a lady with a chilil ¦
FIFTH. 353— Furnished double parlors; kitchen
and bath. $20; also 2. $10; single. $4 up.
FILLMORE, 2212. near Clay-$7: 2 large, sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water.
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny bay-window and kitchen,
modern house; |12; also 1 housekeeping: room.
$6; private. __
GOLDEN GATE aye. 631— One large sunny
unfurnished room: $8.
HYDE. 40S— Elegant sunny front parlor suite;
complete for housekepeing: also single. $7.
HOWARD. 761><-^Nlcely furnished bay-window
gulte and kltcfien: man and wife: others reas.
KEARNY. near Sutter— A light front room. $8;
gas free: also housekeeping room. OFarrell.
opp. Orpheum. $3 month. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LEWIS. 18, off Taylor, near Post— 3 furnished
and unfurnished upstairs rooms; $11. $15.
MCALLISTER. 690-2 or 3 frr-nt unfurnished
housekpg. rms.; sunny; destrable: reasonable.
MINNA. 2S— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms. _____
MISSION. 1129 — Clean sunny housekeeping
rooms: suite or single.
MISSION. 2033. near Sixteenth— 2 or 3 sunny
rooms, furnished for housekeeping; yard.
MISSION 2307— Newly furnished or unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; nice room for gentle-
man. Call before 2. ;
OAK. 111—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping room* or
sin.le front rooms.
O\K 119—1 large sunny room with closet; fur-
nithed for light housekeeping: $3.
POLK. ISl 4— Nicely furnished rooms; complete
for housekeeping.
POLK 191S near Paclflc— 2 or 3 rooms suitable
for housekeeping. Apply at 1324 Polk st.
POST. 636 — Nicely furnished sjrnv parlurs:
single or en suite: also single room.
SECOND. 212. near Howard— Clean furnished
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH 242— Three sunny rooms, with laun-
dry, furnished complete for housekeeping.
SEVENTH. 262—2 large sunny Housekeeping
rooms; also other rooms; reasonable; large
yard. '
SHIPLEY. 282. near Sixth— 3 sunny rooms, un-
furnished: rent $8 50^
SOUTH PARK. H4— l or 2 sunny front rooma;
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
THREE neatly furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing: rent $10. Apply to 15 Langton St.. bet.
Seventh and Eighth, near Howard.
TURK, B(s3— Handsome alcove room; grate, gas.
bath, running water; other rooms.
VAN NESS aye.. 402— Elegantly furnished sunny
suite; complete for housekeeping; gas stove,
bath; also furn. parlor; together or separate.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription-
received at Call branch office. 22-0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offic* for Call advertisement* and
rubscriptlons has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla »t.
ROOMS TO LET— l'nm. and Infurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooma
25c to jl per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all nighr
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Buih St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all price*.
ANTONIO. 16. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell— 2 large unfurnished rooms.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post. cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. &. offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22"0 Fillmore.
EDDY. 473— Large sunny room; 2 closets; well
furnished; water: Welobach lisht. :
ELLIS. 51S— Elegantly furnished rooms; also
neat single room; modern conveniences.
FILLMORE. 1545. cor. Bush— Large front room,
furnished cr unfurnished: gent preferred.
FOLSOM. 945. corner S'.xth (The Olivet >— Sunny
furnished looms: suttes or single: new mnjrmt.
FOLSOM. 1530— Alcove sunny front room, fur-
nished for two; housekeeping if desired.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport House)— Sunny rooms:
bay windows; run. water; gas; $1 25 to $2 50.
GEARY, 211— Sunny single room; rent $5 per
month^ ____________________________
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY. «60— Nexrly furnished room for gentle-
man; $10 per montlv
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Finely furnished
large front room; runr.ins water: to gentle-
man: private: reasonable^
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 Et) to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 754. nr 4th— Finely frnshd. rms. ;
bath: all conveniences: homelike: $1 wk. up.
HAVES. 13G. cor. Van Ness aye.— Two un-
furnished sunny rooms.
HOWARD. 534— Nice sunny front room-, suit-
able for two gentlemen.
HOWARD. $29— Clean, respectable: 25c-$l per
night; $l-$3 per week: Howard cars to door.
HYDE. 408— Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor.
HYDE. 729, bet. Sutter and Post— Nicely fur-
nished room fcr two gentlemen In private
family, with board.
KEARNY. SIJ. near Bush— Newly furnished
sunny front rooms; ortvate family.
LEAVENWORTH. 405, near Ellis— Sunny hall-
room to let: $6 per month. .
LEAV ENWORTH. 1521— Two large sunny
rooms with yardr rent $7^
MCALLISTER? a2oA— Elegant sunny parlor, $lf |
other room. $5.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room, fl per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day, wlc. mo.
POST. 631— Two small rooms, furntshed. $5 «ach
per month: Protestant Christians; neither
drink nor smcke in the house.
POLK. 1635— Large ba?k parlor; well furnished;
very reasonable: gas; bath.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms. ;
suites or single: running -,at»r; gaa; reaa.
POWELL. 510— Pleasant, sunny room; gas;
grate; for 1 or 2 gentlemen: reasonable.
POWELL. Cl2A— Large sunny front rooms;
newly furnished; suitable for gentlemen.
ROYAL House. 1?8 Ellis st.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rocms. per night. Ssc to $1 50; week. R to
JS- month. JS to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
For Additional Classified AdverU-o-
ments Se« Pace Thirty.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
GOVERNMENT resiticr.s-Don't prepare for
Btiy cl\)l sen-ice or census examination with-
out _ec:ng our catalogue of information: sent
frf-.. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE. Wa-hlngton. D. C.
WANTED— Competent etatloner foT inside
work; must be sober and active. Box <2i-S.
Call office.
"VVANTCD— K!:j>ericnced collector for furniture
liouse: state experience and salary expected.
I>x 430". Call office.
\\.\NTEL>— A young mun to take care cf 3
horses aoil make himyelf useful about a gro-
c-ry -tore. Box 4511, Call.
L3XD-XL Hotifp. crrr.er Sixth and Howard-
Rooms i:?e to _5c per night, 73c to iJ per week..
STRIPPER bey wanted. Arply at a 4a 4 sixth
¦treet.
FINE Cabinet Grand upright; $100; sold on ac-
count of departure from the city. Room 10,
Flood building.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
REAL 3 STATE CITY — FOR SALE!.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY. STREET.
$.7500.
Elecant location for flats; Pine st.; old Im-
provements and lot 50x137:6.
$4500— RENTS $600 PER ANNUM.
Corner on Harrison St.; 2 stores and flats.
ON VERY EASY TERMS.
Lots at Waller and Steiner sts. of the Ger-
man Savings and Loan Society; all ready to
build on; terms >i cash, balance at 1 per cent;
only a few left.
$2100-RENTS $338 PER ANNUM.
Near Seventh and. FoUom sts.; store and 2
rooms and upper of 4 rooms; 25xS0; also 2 rear
tenements of 4 rooms each. - s
116.000. - '
Elecant mansion of 14 rooms and bath, etc.;
corner of Gough St.; 40x137:6.
$15,E0O— RENTS $1320 PER ANNUM.
Corner on Ellis St.; 3 elegant sunny modern
flnts of S, 7 and 7 rooms and bath each; 34:4<_x
120; 3 frontages.
$10,000.
New modern residence of 12 rooms, bath and
basement: billiard rooms, etc.; electric fix-
tures; 25x100.
$1500— RENTS $433 PER ANNUM.
Vallejo St., near Hyde-st. cars; 2 flats and
l 0t ' $12.000-RENTS $1030 PER ANNUM.
Bush St.: downtown; 3-story, in stcre and
hotel of 36 rooms; J10.090 can remain.
$7000.
Elecant modern residence of 8 rooms, bath
and laundry, etc.; finished attic and basement;
elite location; Western Addition; 27:6x137:6.
$3000— RENTS $504 PER ANNUM.
Shipley St.: 3-story building In store and \\
rooms above; 25x70; street accepted.
15200.
Very cozy cottage on Devlsadero st. ; 5 rooms,
bath and basement: 27:6x100.
;6uoo.
A fine 2-etory, basement and attic residence
of 7 rooms, bath. laundry and storeroom, etc.;
north line of California St.; elegant mansion.
JSOOO— RENTS $7i>2 PER ANNUM.
Two houses of 7 rooms and bath each and lot
33x100; Devlsadero Bt.; must be sold to close
an estate; no reasonable offer refused.
$10,000— RE-NTS $1044 PER ANNUM.
Corner near Market and Valencia sts.; 6 sub-
stantial fla»p; brick foundation; 37:6x80; both
streets accepted; no reasonable offer refused.
Choice lift, of building lots In every cart of
the city at prices to suit.
Call anU obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale In all parts of the city.
G. 11. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
2 MODERN flats, cheap; must sell account of
departure for Europe. Inaulra 467 Tehaxna.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT AND RESI-
DENCE PROPERTY.
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY ST. .
Monday, February 26. 1900.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
SW. corner 19th and Shotwell sts. ; store, cot-
tage of 4 rooma and 2 flats of 3 and 4 rooms;
rents $55; lot 35x!<0; subject confirmation by
the court.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE
2707 Jackson St., S. line, near Scott et. : mod-
ern residence of 10 rooms and bath; brick foun-
dation, etc.; lot 27:6x127:8>;.
EXECUTRIX SALE
Pierce st., west line, 100 ft. north of Vallejo;
spacious house with large grounds; let 76x
2CO; subject to confirmation by tha court.
CHOICE CORNER RESIDENCE
NE. corner Sacramento and Devl?»o»ro sts.;
elegant modern residence of 12 rooms; beauti-
fully frescoed, with dance hall In attic; ele-
gant viewL one of the finest corners In the
Wes-tern Addition; house comparatively new;
flnlfhed basement for banquet hall: all front
window in French plate glass: Interior finished
in natural oak: fine art windows and up-to-date
in every respect; lot 52:3x51:2: must be sold, as
owner intends residing abroad permanently.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER
NW. cor Pacific and Sansome sts.; Improve-
ments consist of 4 stores ar.d one dwelling:
rents $113 per month; both strc-cts accepted by
the city; lot 34x«7.
CHOICE RICHMOND COTTAGE.
112 13th aye.. near Lake et. : cottage of 4
rooms and bath: high basement and stable; rent
$11; lot 25x120: this property faces the proposed
new Panhandle, between the Park and Presidio.
MISSION CORNER RESIDENCE.
SW. corner of 20th and Eureka sts.; modern
residence of 8 rooms and batli; brick founda-
tion etc.; commanding a fine view; lot 100x100.
MISSION COTTAGE
841 Sanchez St., E. line, near 16th Ft.; bay-
window cottage cf 6 rooms and bath: brick
foundation, etc.; stable In rear; rent $13; lot
2Sr<SOL
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
31S-320-322 Point Lobos aye., N. , line, near
Wood St.; 2-story bay-window house of 6 rooms
and 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; lot 50_51:3.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery St.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATH CO. (INC.),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED
25 -.9xl2? :9— Union st., near Taylor: S modern
flats and rear house; rents $37; $12,600.
36x87:6— Jfssle Bt., near First; old improve-
ments: rents $62 50: $10,000.
25x137:6 Locus st., near Jackson; modern
house of 10 rooms; $9500.
25x100— Folsom St.. near Bth; store, S flats and
rear house; rents 565; $S5OO.
25x80— Fourth St., near Harrison; store and
flat: $6800; sale urgent.
25x137:6 Grove, St., near Central aye; new 3-
story bay-window flats; rents $50; $6500.
112-6x37:6xB7:6— Corner Kearny and Greenwich
sts • 10 2-story houses; rents $S0: $6000.
34:4x137:6— Sacramento st., near Hyde; cot-
tage- $5250.
25x75— Corner Virginia and Prospect ayes.; 3
flats; rents $37; $*OCO.
25x81:6— Twenty-fourth St.. near Dolores; 2-
story house, 6 rooms and bath; $500 down, bal-
ance tame as rent; Interest at 6 per cent; must
te sold to close an estate.
23x100— Stanyan St., near Rlvoll aye.; house
of 8 rooms and bath; $3750.
36xS0— Guerrero et., near Nineteenth; cottage;
"_sxlOO— Sanchez St., near Nineteenth: modern
cottage; $2800.
25xWO— York St., near Twentieth; house of 10
rooms; $2SOO.
25x80-Dlamond St., near Twenty-fourth; cot-
tage: rent $15; $2500.
26x120— Eleventh aye., near Lake st.; new cot-
tage; $2100.
23x50— Auburn fit., near Pacific; 3-story house;
rents $24; $1700.
20x60 to rear street— Salmon St., near Paclflc;
$1500; 2-story house.
UNIMPROVED
fiB-?xS7:6 Cor. Fillmore and Green sts.; $6000.
25x100— Florida St.. north of Eighteenth.
30x90— W. of Mission. S. of Army; 3 lots.
27x110— McAllister, near Steiner; *j750.
240xK.0— Cor. Thirty-fourth aye. and A; $33}0.
25x100— McAllister St., near Lyon; 12250.
•'5x137 -C— Frederick st.. nenr Cole; J2OOO.
2l.xl37:G— Cole St.. near Frederick; J2OOO.
23-2xloo— Union St.. near Pierce; 113C0.
25x120— Second aye.. nr. California St.: $1200.
80x71-10— BE. corner Polk and Lombard sts.
260x123— NW. corner of Fountain and Twen-
ty-fifth sts.
TO BE ABLE
To buy a home and pay for It with your
rent money, that Is what we ofTer you. Take
MlsBlon-st. carst. tran.sfer to Twenty-second
St.. ride to Hoffman aye. and look at them.
We have 4, 5, and 6 room cottages. They con-
tain all the latent Improvements. ¦
OSCAU HEYMAN. 14 Pest st.
$15 A MONTH — New 4-room and bath cottage:
half a block from Mission st. : street work
done. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
$12 SO A MONTH— New 4-room and bath cot-
tage, near Crescent aye. and Mission st.
OSCAR HEYMAN. It Post st.
$7 50 A MONTH— 2 lots and a 3-room cottage;
half a block from Folsom-st. cars: price $750.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post St.
$100 AND upward— Fine building lots; street
work done; $5 monthly.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
A BARGAIN— Twenty-first St., near Bryant; lot
2&xl40; easy payments; street bituminlzed.
OSCAR HEi'MAN, 14 Post st
FOR -SALE TiY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery street
• $OCCO— Lot; tine view of bay: N. W. cor. Lar-
klr. and Chestnut Fts.; }45x139; California and
Hyde st. tarn In 1 block: or In subdivisions as
loilows: $.".OCO for, corner. 37:6x139; JICCO for in-
side lots, £7x139; easy terms.
$23.000— Third St.. near Howard; good building
nnd basement: rent* $lSf<i per annum.
jjO i POO — N. side Sacramento, near "Drumm: 30x
60: rents nominal: if Improved would pay well.
Jll.rCO— Geary, near OctttV_j large lot: im-
proved; rented low, $036 per annum; never va-
cant: good Investment; make, offer.
(.¦y-CQ— House of "> rooms and bath; high base-
ment; Twenty-third st., near Castro; fine view;
this is a bargain; in warm belt: make offer."
jc:,oo— s; W. cor. Vallejo and Pierce: 43x112:6.
j-)f,p,>_Corner on Fifteenth St.. near Valencia;
choice for flats; light -for 'every room.
$ir,(io— T^cts on S. side of Chestnut St., n*ar
Stockton: street r.ccerted: very cheap.
$2000— Corner lot: Montgomery aye. and Taylor
st • very cheap; will double your money.
- HAWKS & SKELTON.
- .- ?21 Montgomery st.
ONLY $700 ] each— 3 of the choicest lots In
Richmond, on Tenth aye. ; elevated ground:
fine marine views; 2"x1.0 each: close to the
electric cars that run on Clement St.; lots
graded; nil street work. done; cash or easy
terms: $U0 _own nnd nuarterly payments:
these lots nre very desirable and are Just of-
fered for the first time to clcsj an account.
/W. J. QIJNN. 530 California st.
CHOICE lot on Chattanooga St.: 52:6x117:6;
near 23d St.. all street work done; electric
cars pass in front; on the grade: will sell
for $1500 to close an account; the lot cost over
127 BO; a very desirable location; surrounded
with nice homes; runs ! through to street in
rear. W. J. GUNN. 530 California at.
BARGAIN— Equity in real estate for *_>50 that
pays 12 per cent net, WVM., 514 Parrott bldg.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. tCto For Sale
<r HORSES for sale; alto wagons] buggies
carts, narcees. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 P!xth st. : auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & IXJYLE. Auctioneers.
W HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
I*2l ar.<s 1C25 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and
Bra<iy; also some fine matched black teams.
fTO— GOOD sound horse; for want of use. 2200
Point Lob«-.s aye., cor. Eleventh aye.
FOR sale — Gentleman's road horse and bike
bupry. DAI.ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. «C 5 G. G. ay.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in the
Unite* Prates. T>o«T>a!d. for Jl per year.
BUCHANAN, I?ll— Handsome sunny house; f j
rr.r.rr.?; just renovated; rent $40.
HOUSE* TO LET. 1
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montromery. j
BROADWAY, 1523, bet. Laguna and Buchanan i
—Elegant h<ju?e of 1! rooms, r*ath, servant's !
room, etc: newly renovated. For further par- |
ticulars arply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 i
Montgomery st. , |
A M. SPECK 4- CO.. C 67 Market st.
|2_3 Fell: 7 rrns $27 ES 242R Geary: 6 rms. slB 00 i
2 9 Ho- ard; S r.. 27 50 424S 26th; 5 rooms. 12 aO •
HANDSOME modern corner house of 8 rooms: '
funny rooms, by.th: parden: newly painted i
and tinte<J; rent tZO. Box •4324. Call office.
HOUSE cf € rooms and bath: S2IV. Dolores st.. I
bet Twenty-first and Twenty-second; Jl6. In- j
quire on rremifee.
HOUSE of 6 room, ar.d bath. «70 Jessie St.,
near
JACKSON. 1J13— 7 rooms and bath; rent m.
water extra. |
Z-AUREL aye., n*-_r Turk snd Buchanan sts.:
5-room house and bath; formerly 12% now $11. |
2.ETCALF place, IS, off Geary Bt.. bet. Ma«..n 1
and Taylor: — BBBny house; five rooms; bath. !
HOl'-Z-S TO LIST KIHMSUEU.
MODERN S rooms on Kutter st. for rent ch»ap.
ar.d fnrnitnr- of <-ame for Eaie. SPECK &
CO.. Kxaminer building.
LOWS OX PERSONAL PROPERTY.
29TO RENT— 3-acre sunny hill land and cottage;
terms low. 959 Clay st., Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon ptrry. Foot of Market S*.
BAN KRANCISCO TO BAJT RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. U:fX> a. m.: 13:35.
>:S0 5:10, 6:JO p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trl?
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:aJ
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. a.: l:30i S:30»
8:00. •:£> p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAJJ FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:l£>, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:l:> p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ac
1:55 and 5:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:I». 9:10. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. S:4O. 5:08.
<:25 p. m
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Paris
tame schedule as abovfe.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October U» ¦ '
Week Sun- 1S». Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Daya.
":30 am' S:TOam Novato. 19:40 am! 4:40 am
1:30 pm 9:« am Petcluma. «:05 pm 10: S3 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm Sana r.osi*. 7:35 pm< 6:B pm,
Fulton. "; „
7:10 am * Windsor. W:*3 a=a
Healdsburg.
Litton.
Geyservtlle.
J:3O pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. «:Spm 1:23 pTa
7:30 ami Tllopland and] I
I 8:00 am| Uklah. | 7:35 pml 6:3 pm
7-30 am ia:Jaaaa
S:oOara Guemevllle. 7:35 po
3:30 pm >; gP*a
T:3jam S:ooam| Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 ant
1 and
5:10 pm S:00pm! Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm t:*S pra
7:30 ami S:0»am! Sebaatopol. 110:40 am[lo:23 am
5:30 pm| 5:00 pm! | 7:35 pm| «:I3 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
tcr Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skag*j
Springs- at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Sprtn«3.
Keiseyville Carisoad Springs. Sod.» Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
«pr!ngs Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Sprints. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. Jchn Day's, Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's Sannedrin Heights. Hullvtlle. Ore's
Hot Sprinss. Mendocir.o City. Fort Bragg.
WMtport. Usat, Willitts. Laytonvtlle. Cum-
mlng'V. Bells Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
«rotla and Eureka. ¦.¦ - • _
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
d> On d Sunday round-trio tickets to all point*
hevond San T.afael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 6io Market at.. Chronicle bldx.
H C WHITING. R, X. RYAN.
General Manaser. Cen. Paas. A«enU
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
CHICAGO,
VIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS.
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO DAILY.
»:30 A. M. and 8:30 P. M.
Effective February 23. 1300.
Get Information of Southern Pacl3c ticket
agents or
GENERAL OFFICE, II ITontsonserr «t.
$2750 — NEW and all modern, 7-room residence;
porcelain bath; corner lot; easy installments;
handy to all cars and local station: Berkeley;
also a duplicate of same In Oakland, and
same price. ALDEN CO., 111S Broadwey.
JI9.W— BEST bargain ever offered in Oakland;
new and all modern 5-room cottage and base-
ment; worth at least $3000; good lot 190 feet In
depth: call and examine. ALDEN CO., HIS
Broadway.
SPECULATORS ATTENTION!!!
$17 Per Foot. $17 Per Foot.
Five- hundred feet of frontage: finest build-
ing lots in Oakland; high ground; elegant
view; all street work done; three corners;
close to schools; electric cars pass the prop-
erty; cheap at $40 per foot.
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
SPECIAL SOTICES.
IMPERIAL Oil and Development Comrmy-
Pfrsons desirous of contracting for the sink-
ing of o'.l wells on the company's lands in
Fresno and Krrn cooattea can obtain full
particulars by applying at the company's of-
n>e. C2i Emma Sireckels building. 527 Mar-
ket St.. S. F.
NOTICE to master painters, paper-hangers,
fresco painters of S. F.— That on and after
the first Monday in April the minimum rate
of wapres for raj«-r-hangf rs and fresco paint-
err will be JS M per day of 8 houre. By order
of District Council. B. of P. and D. of A.
ROOM? papered. fr«m $3; whitened. II up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
LADlES— Chlchester'B English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other;
rend 4c stamps for particular*. "Relief lor
Ladles." In letter by return mall: at drug-
plFts. Chichetter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
WANTED known-MR. LEW H. FCHARER.
late of 12 Mason st., has removed to Call
building. tex-.Th floor, where he will continue
to give bargains In watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry, silverware, firearms and optical goods;
c«fh or time payments. Office hours— lo to a.
51M<- DOUBLE lot; 40 feet front on two wide
streets-: near Ashby station, with modern 2-
Mnry residence. 7 rooms, hath, electric light,
eto. ; cost J2500. Address R., box 114. Call.
BARGAIN — 8 mis,; modern; near cars, trains;
easy terms. ABRAHAMSON. 11l Laurel aye..
Oekiand; open Sundays 2 to 4.
KOOMS AV ANTED.
KEFINED couple want furnished parlor, unfur-
nished bedroom, ufe of kitchen; private fam-
ily; «12. G. A., 1314 Dolores st.
TWO large, sunny connecting rooms, to 2 gen-
tlemen; private family: walking distance; all
conveniences. Box 4245. Call.
XV ANTED— Room and bath, by young gentle-
man: partirulprs; terms. Box 4S4S. Call.
OTAI'.iIELL, '*:— First -cla*? board and rooms;
$ro up; tperial rates to students.
PZJCASAXT rr>om ar.d beard fcr gentleman
CS Putter Ft.
ROOM and treakfatt in private family: 23 min-
utes from Poxveil and O'Farifll. Box 4J36. Call.
VAN NESS. 844 (The * Wa!|ac*)-Rooms and
board: reasonable; m.viern conveniences.
NKW family hotel: first-class in all appoint-
ments; cac-ollent table: special lnducementa to
r*-i«*ct people. W7 California »t.. occupying
corner oppocttc Grace Church.
GTI.KP.KUO, I!«— Runny furri:-h»4 or unfur-
nished rooms tc let with board.
HALL room; clostt: good rmrii: vr\\-it* fam-
ily; Rs: renr Tenth <=t. IJox 4XO. Call.
late Otto Hcnning. and brother of Henry 0..
Frederick W., James H., George A. and John
A. Hennlnr, Mrs. L. E. OUson, Mrs. Carrie
Beer and the late Walter J. Hennln*, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years 9 months
and 3 days. J ¦ ¦ ~': '¦¦- •
ICTFriends and < acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), nt 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 621 Capp street, between Twenty-first
and Twenty-second, thence to I. O. O. F.
Cemetery for interment.
HALL— In this city; February 24. 1900. Maggie
E.. beloved wife of Benjamin F. Hall, mother
of Minnie. Edna, Madeleine and Ethel Hall,
beloved dauehter ; of Mrs. B. Croahan, and
dearly beloved sister of Francis J. Croghan
and Mrs. Matt C. Johnson, a native of New
York City.
HACKMEIER— In this city. February 22. 1300,
Charles F. Hackmeler, beloved father of Ka-
tie Hackmeler, and brother of PhllllD Hack-
meier, Mrs. Lizzie Steinman and Mrs. Caro-
line Huber. a native of Baden. Germany,
aged 45 years 10 months and 22 days.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
KEPNER— In this city. February 24. 1900. Ed-
gar S.. dearly beloved husband of Hulda M.
Kepner, and brother of Sarah E. Kepner. a
native of Port Royal. Juniata County, Pa.,
aged 3fi years 8 months and 18 days.
LANE— In this city. February 23, 1900, John
Lane, beloved brother of Mrs. Thomas Otis,
Mrs. James O'Donnell. Mrs. William Moore.
Mrs. Harry O'Donnell. Mrs. Garrett Welsh
and Charles E. Plumn of Harrlsburg. Pa., a
native of Ballymaconnlck, County Longford,
Ireland, aged 32 years. (Brooklyn. N. T.,
papers please copy.)
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlor* of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Theresa's
Church for services. Interment Holy ' Cross
Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, February U. 1900.
Nellie, beloved dauehter of Daniel W. and
Hanora McCarthy, and sister of Martha and
Marcella McCarthy. Mrs. J. H. Brennan and
Mrs. A. J. Youngr. a native of California.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from St. Vincent's
Church, Vallejo, where a requiem hli?h mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment Vallejo.
McKEE— In Oakland. February 24. 1900. William
W. McKee. beloved husband of Levlnle Mc-
Ke*. and father of Arthur. Bertie. Roy, Wil-
liam and Edna McKee, a native of Vermont,
aged 47 years. (South Dakota papers please
copy.)
ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MELROSE— In this city. February 22. 1900.
Mary A., mother of Kenneth Melrose. In the
90th year of her a*e.
E7"The funeral services will take place
this day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
residence of her son, Kenneth Meiroae, 2517
Octavia Btreet.
MORSE— In Oakland, at the King's Daughters*
Home, Caroline Amelia Morse, a native of
Ohio, aged 55 years 7 months and 27 days.
XEWELL-In this city, February 24, 1900, Eli-
jah B. Newell, a native of Rhode Island, aged
77 years.
PYNE— In the City and County Hospital. Feb-
ruary 24, 1900, Gerthie Pyne, a native of Cali-
fornia, aeed 20 years.
PEYSER— Friends and acquaintances are re-
. spectfully Invited to attend the dedication of
the tombstone in memory of Henry Peyser.
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Salem
Cemetery.
PETERSEN— In this city. February 23. 1900.
Edward Petersen. a native of Denmark, aged
57 years 10 months and 21 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Gcdeau, 3C5 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROBART — In Oakland, February 23, 1900, John
J. Robart. beloved husband of Marguerite
Robart, and father of Mrs. N. D. Ryan and
Theodore and Autust Robart.' a native ,of
France, aged 75 years 8 months and 19 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, SIS Chester street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
ROBERTS— In this city, February 22, 1900.
Jesse A., infant son of Jesse E. and Alice M.
Roberts, a native cf San Francisco, aged 6
months and 27 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the -parents. 1453 Ellis street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In this city. February 23. 1900,
William, beloved husband of Ellen Reynolds,
and father of William. John, Eliza. Mamie
and Marcaret Reynolds, a native of- Dublin.
Ireland, aeed 63 years. (Boston, Mass., pa-
pers plpasecopy.)
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:S0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 14 Guy place, off First street, between
Folsom and Harrison, thence to St. Brendan's
Church, where a solemn requiem mats' will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
STOTTMEISTER— In San Pablo. February 24.
nCO. Mareareta Elizabeth, mother of Fred
Stottmelster, a native of Germany, ased 67
years 3 months and 20 days.
TAYLOR— In this city. February 22. 1300, I. L.
Taylor, beloved wife of E. A. Taylor, a na-
tive of Illinois, aged 44 years. . • ' .
[C7'FriPnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking; Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WINCHESTER— In this city. February 23, 1900.
Julia Winchester, a native of New York, aced
65 years.
IDTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral from her late residence. 942
Sutler street, this day (Sunday), at 2 p. m.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Crematory.
WALTER— In this city. February 2». 1900.' Ida
W. Walter, second daughter of the late Dore-
thea I^braud Walter, a native of Philadel-
phia. Pa.
WOOD— In this city. February 24. 1900. Fred R.
Wood, a native of New York, aged 4S years
3 months and 22 days. A member of Local
Union 22. United Hrotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners of America.
(T7*Remalns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maaß3. SIT Mission street, near Fifth.
WILKE— In this city. February 24. 1900, Otto
n.,- beloved husband of Hattie Wilke. son of
Mrs. F. Wilke. and brother of Mrs. William
Renv/ick of Oakland and Mrs. Charles Ruthle,
a native of Germany, aged 33 years and 10
months.
VAN NESS aye. I A I— A neatly furnished funny
fr-irt tui;» > : fas; licth: runnirg water; grrate:
clofr<"t: *uitab> for a doctor cr dentict or
<*. u;>le; rt-r.t reasonable.
THE OAKS. US Th!rd-A rood rfwmlr.R house
t ot Rood iv-opl*. K. HUGH EH. Proprietor.
THIRD. 32-V-— Sunny rooms for housekeeping;
Sl* PFTFR'S House. 703 California— Chanced
hand?; cicely furnished rooms; a!*o house-
V;r><>rir.R room*.
THE KSTELLA. li«S'i Mission— Front suite:
also brant room; pas. bath and crate.
To the East . •• •
THROUGH FIRST-CLASS PULLM/-N SLEEPERS NOW IN SERVICE
between San Francisco
and Chicago — ¦
• Via Southern Paciflc-Rio Grande Western I ,
/ Denver and Rio Grande (Scenic Route) and
Great Rock Island Route
- GRANDEST SCENIC TRIP IN THE WORLD.
The Colorado Rockies Crossed by DayJght.
Pullman's Finest Broad Vestibuled Sleepers
Leaving SAN FRANCISCO DAILY at 8:30 a. m. on
The Southern Pacific Limited
, , (Westbound cars carried on same train.)
.... DINING CAR SERVICE THROUGH-BUFFET LIBRARY CARS . — .
MJtf'a CLINTON JONES. Gen'l Agtf.. 624 Market st. San Francisco. Cal,
JOHN SEBASTIAN. G. P. A.. Chicago.
— i' } } V \J
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. - 1
n'.rV: Wr&zl'M
WILLIAM J. DINGEB,
903 Broadway. Oakland;
Mills Building, (Room 16. Second Floor), San
| '** Special Credit Sale of Re*l Ealata V" :
;: : . , AT AUCTION! .r" '
'<-?:•¦ AT AUCTION! \iV.< !-
' 1 ! 1- i AT AUCTION'! •¦ 1 ¦ I '
AT AUCTION!
SATURDAY. MARCH J, 1900. AT I P. M.
At Salesroom. 90J Broadway, Oakland.
A Waahlngton-»t. Business Corner— 7sx7s;
first-class location for manufacturer or whole-
saler: one-third cash, balance on mortgage to
bank at 8 per cent.
Twelfth-avenue Cottage— Choice cottage on
Twelfth aye. between Eaat Fifteenth and East
Sixteenth sts.; lot Sl:3xlOO; 6 rooms and bath;
terras to suit; bank sale.
Tenth-aye. Lot— 7sxloo: East Tenth aye.. 73
feet «»utH of East Sixteenth »t., opposite
Franklin School: bank mortgage JSSO at S per
cent, balance cash.
Twelfth-aye. I^ot— B7so square feet: equal In
area to several lots: west side of Twelfth aye..
north of East Twenty-fourth St.: street work
all done; a rare chance; terms easy.
Thirty-thlrd-st. Lot— 50x100; north «lde of
Thirty-third St.. !67 feet west of Grove; street
work all done; easy terms; one-third cash.
Thlrty-third-st Lots. Six choice lots: 40
West-st. Lots. to 60 fe«t frontage In
Market-6t. Lots. block facing Thirty-
third at.. Market st. and West *t.; street work
all done; one-third cash, balance in 12 or IS
months.
West and Twenty-second st. Corner— COxlOO;
northeast corner West and Twenty-second sts.:
street work all done; one-third cash, one-third
In 12 or IS months.
Pemlta-st. Cottage— No. 1361 Peralta St., near
Sixteenth: 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x110; first-
class order: must be sold; terms can b« ar-
ranged to suit.
Piedmont Lots— Four choice lots on Oakland
aye. corner of Morrison place; surrounded by
fine homes: 40x100; terms $100 cash down per
lot, balance In 12 and 13 months.
Fruitvale Lot — 120x125; northeast corner of
Redwood aye., nbout to be macadamized at ex-
pense of county; fine for suburban residence or
store: sale peremptory: terms one-third cash,
balance In 12 and 18 months.
East Fourteenth St.— Corner of Fourteenth
aye. or Commerce: has a fine future: 65 feet
frontage on main thoroughfare; sale peremp-
tory; one-third cash, balance 10 months.
Remember the Day of Sale:
SATURDAY. MARCH 3D, AT 2 O'CLOCK
p. m.. at Salesroom. Carriages ax office to
show properties.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
to
~~^~" ' ', ' • '.'
.i i , * : "^"™ .
WILLIAM J. DTNGEE.
.?./.''¦ 903 Broadway, Oakland;
Room IS, Second Floor. Mills Building, San
Francisco.
ji-OO—NEW S-room house, near University and
on electric car line; tXO cash, balance same as
rent. W. C. MORAN.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Bueceseors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMSRS,
tO Filth xt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Ttlephcnt, South W.
SISOft— JUST finishing; an eleirant. latest style,
modern cottace, 6 rooms: large hall; porce-
lain bath; tiled sink; tinted walls; lot 43x100;
on fine, finished street: 1 block to electric
car*; close to nation. BChools. churches,
etorea. etc.; easy terms. 11. D. IRWIN.
AT $10 cash. IS monthly— Fine lots: the choicest
buildinr rite; Eart Oakland; S model homes
• jtitt completed; build your home or let tit
build for you, and stop paying rent; have you/
home where the climate excels; no fogs or
cold mindr; *oil the best and view the r^and-
e*t; atreets all graded and macadamize'!; city
water and eewer: 1 block from electric car
and near the local trains: good schools and
arrand view; Gallndo Tract, adjoining East
Oakland; price $12."> upward: call or send for
circular. ¦ 456 Seventh «., Oakland; carriage
free. * HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Charles A. Phelan,- 26, 553 Folsom street, and
Loulise C. Foley, 23, IS Shotwell Etreet.
Theodore V. Halsey; 21, San Jose, and' Jessie
L. Fiedler, 21. 2695 Sacramento street. .
• William B. Clancy, 25. 822 Greenwich street,
and Loretta A. Browning. 19, 656 Filbert street.
Charles Wagner, 34, 427 Valencia street, and
Katherlna Dellbruegger, 21, 3532 Eighteenth
Btreet. . ¦
John Kraeeer. 20, SOS Folsom street, and
Louise Erhardt, 25, 733 Lamina street.
Milton 8. Hamilton. 25. Oakland, and Frances
M. Robertson. .23. San Mateo. -
• George E. O. A. Norton, 32, city, and Addle
S. MeClunle, 30. city.
Richard A. D. Bull, 34, Oakland, and Emma
L. Dawson. 36. 62S Geary street.
Patrick C. McKenna. 30. 1431 Polk street, and
Mary Kelleher. 26, 1431 Polk street.
John Mel. Morrison, 29, Pinole, and Sadella I.
Steele, 28. Pinole.
Monroe 8; Fairbanks. 21,' San Rafael, and
Marguerite Vlehl, 19, city.
T2 CHICAGO
ThU Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Conjjectixg Traix Leaves San Fxancisc*!
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving la Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at S"iO
EXPRESS P* m -. wit 'j p al«e and Tourist
DAILY O /o«d BS E a a S s^' SUL ™*
Local trains tatween Stockton, V'AI IfV
Fresno Hanford, Visalia, Tnlira dAa ri
and BaVer&fie'.d. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 628
TRISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Maia
1531: Oakland, 1118 Broad-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
\l* Saa*alito Perry.
Commenclnit October I. 1W».
FROM SAN FKANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
S^^fcsrai"* v°- v:o ° *• m - : n:4s -
EXTRA TRIPS- For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednetdays and Saturday*,
at »:P0 and 11:10 ©. m. •
• iTm^ T^o^;. lo^-..* 11: M ¦»• m '= ™
Trains marked «•) run to San Quentln.
A n>v A^?, L Z°~ BA * FRANCISCO.
S ilu X r^> A . I?feS o^^,'' ™™**» —
6UNDATS— «:>\ ««:00 •10-0O *11-4S «_ «»_•
1:40. »a:l5. 4:45. '1:30 b. m ' • -
irß?f»f n Y,?} a T rk T. d i iV » tart trom s «« Qu*ntln.
I:M^:C I^r. ' 10:Oi .••; m - : 12:05 « 1:1S - S:M -
.^,. THROUGH TRAINS. '-''¦-,'
tOO al Si ft.^« y *^ Toin .* lM • nd w *y "tatlona.
i.w a. m. gundara- Tomalei and way . station*.
£.^v. * TAJ S ALPf " S SCENIC RAILWAY
w.fS^.s?" F ra°cl.co ria Sauaallto Ferry.
•undayV T£r~2 : & *• •*• mn(l 1: " ">• «•
¦Bnoaya^ . g;^ 4ft:oo mnd yii
FawSSTn *S£!* ?10--d? l0--d w« a »" trtanaV
Hit. «*•»«¦€• -to Bttmmlt man »«tor».
OAKLAAD REAL ESTATE.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R G Winston. Chgo
A B Shaver. Ftesno
r J Field, Monterey
I G Scott, Liverpool
M P Ganer. Chgo
W S Ennis, Illinois
R G McDowell. N V
E C Sugg.' Los Ang
A. G Cunningham. Cal
M G Davis. Riverside
Mrs A W Barnard. Cal
Mrs P Smith. Victoria
Mrs Lanfly. Victoria
U X Blgelow, N V
(I Growlage, N V
E H McCaffery. N V
B Bonny. Sausallto
E O Ackerman. N V
F H Short. Fresno
F H Wlnard. Denver
B B Howard. S Jose
Mrs E B Howard. S Jos
Mrs J Rodgers. Toledo;
Mrs X Flickinger. To
ledo I
Mrs B C Crawford. Cal
H T Aker, U S N i
I X Manning. Mass J
B Becker, Cal
C L Plerson. Boston
Mrs C L Pierson. Bost
A S Remier. Vienna
- L Graff. N V
H Johnson. \ Yokohama
1' It Ritchell. Dawson
3 F Washhorne Chgo
D C Briggs. Chgo
Mrs D C Brlggs. Chgo
1 O York: Chicago
Mrs J O York. Chgo
7 Driver, Boston
Mrs C Driver. Boston
Mrs O P Wineson, R I
11 T Smith. R I
Mrs H T Smith. R I
H I Kowalsky. Cal
Miss M Kowalsky, Cal
Miss Moran, Cal
II T Lynch. Menlo
.F H Jackson. Los Ang
Or F W Henkel. Chgo
W II Harker. Plttsburg
Vlrs W H Harker. Pitts
ID It Pedder. Montreal
Miss L Owen. Cal
Mrs J W Koehler. Kan
2 Dobblesteln. Minn
H B Norwlck, N V
Raymond Excursionists. i
Miss TTnderhill
C F Benice
W A Mendell
Miss W J Mendell
H X Gay ¦ .
Mrs H X Gay
C X Balrd
Miss M L Balrd
It S Case
Mrs R S Case
A F Hicks -•
Mrs A F Hicks ;
5 T Frederick
Mrs H T Frederick
Mrs JOS Davis .
Miss Belle M Davis
Frank B Marsh
Mrs Frank B Marsh
Miss lsabelle Packard
C II Frost
Mrs C H Frost
Mrs J E Lockwood
J E L Beals
R Holllday
V, W L'nderhlll
E A Hunt '
Mrs E A Hunt
J X Yale
Mrs J X Tale
W H Hill
Mrs W H Hill
Miss H S Johnson
H E Jones
Mrs H E Jones
" L Rawson .
Mrs J S Dresser
R W Herbert
Miss Herbert
D H Browne
Henry Stelnbach
G W Corwin "
Mrs G W Corwin
E N Beardsley
Mrs E N Beardsley
Mrs M H Adams
Mrs A W Prentice
W H Chadwlck
Mrs W H Chadwlck
Miss Chadwlck
Miss MM Evans
Mrs T Irwin^feEgES
Miss E W Irwin
Miss Mary Gllmor«
Mrs L E Way :
Miss M E Way '
I E Way
H M Hartley
Mrs H M Hartley
Miss E M Kewes
Miss M E Kewes
Mrs W Jenkinson
Miss M B Jenklnson
Miss Woodard, Chto
ft MeCormlck
Mrs McCoy
0 P Black
Mrs D P Black
Miss H J Black
Willet
lira Oeorg- Willett
W X Rower
Mrs W X Rower
Mrs E S Reminston
i» A Simmons
Mrs G A Simmons
Mrs H L Morse
1 C Burner
Hiss J Bugher
Miss M Mossman
Mrs S E Smith
Miss L. Welter
Miss M J Weiler
- D Dletrick
Mlsa A B Dietrick
Miss M A Mussler
Mrs J K. Lanahan
Miss S H Lanahaa
Mrs R A Kerr
L Smith i "
Mrs L Smith
A C Memengel
Jlrs A C Wetenget
Ml?g C H C H Erbach
r M Arnold
II E Helghton, Cal
Mrs H E Heighten. Cal
D J Bralnard. IT S A
0 M Smtth. U S A
O T Scott. Alcatraz
T Flint Jr, Cal *
F S Glass. Berkeley
E H Pearce, Oakland
fl Irfichlan. China
F Searles. Nev City
Miss Pierce, Peking'
Mlrs Payer. Peking
Mrs E II Conger. Pekln
rount Kheverheller.
Vienna
Dr C II Mert!, Vienna
B Blompl. St Louis
A G Freeman.' Berkeley
W W Focte, Oakland
I" T Dargle. Oakland
J Brunton. Stanford
W J Martin. Cal
Mrs M Hobbs, i/os Ang
Mrs .1 Glbbs, Spokane
V'rs W F Darts, Mont
5J Walsh. Mont ¦
D F Paxton. Portland
Mrs D F Paxton.- Ptlnd
3 Bayha, Cologne
Mrs J R Medley, Cal
A— I2OCO, HALF cash; 8 acre*, with Improve-
ments; 45 minutes to San Francisco; 2 rail-
road stations within 5 minutes' walk; medium
house of 5 rooms, barn, etc.; fine place for
chicken ranch or suburban home; must be
Fold. For full particulars apply Immediately,
J. W. LAYMANCE. 14 Sansome St.. S F.
Or 4SO Eirhth St., Oakland.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 2t— Schr
Compeer, hence Feb 15; schr Llllebonne, from
Honolulu. .' •¦-¦¦¦-
BAD tenant* elected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
«"F Montromery »t.. room* °-10: tel. E129.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henry W. Bradley to Isaac MensoUot on
south line of Eddy street. 52:6 W of Franklin.
W wi.Ua b m y .L KIP Jr.. to Isaac
on west line of Devisadero street. 43 N of fcut
te Byron 22: D.gg«n W T ££ B. Dl^.n, lot on
north line of Sutler street, ICO W of Devisadero.
SaSS M. MccVack^-to Dantel Kin.teln Jot
XCk -d Christopher Bi Cung, -to . Ftor
zx w o^^r. &&>gs^i&?*i z
Patrick J Ketiy to Peter and Bridget Car
roll lot on west line of Jessie street. So S of
KSS^&£ffi?r3£ «gg Arata.
lot on west line of Landers street. 1M N of Six
teenth N 25 by W 125: $10.
Margaret Kelly, wife of Simon, to Annie
Montgomery (single), lot on north f£rner of
Fourth and Minna streets. NW .0 by NE oo $10
Charles and Jane M. Sweeney (McDonald) to
Harry and Joseph Sweeney, undivided one
fourth of lot on southeast line of Shipley street,
250 NE of Sixth. NE 25 by SE 75: gift.
Betsey Canavan to Julia T. Crowley. trustee
of John F.. Bessie and Abble Sullivan (minors)
lot on northwest line of Jessie street. 300 SW c
Seventh. SW 25 by NW 75: $5.
John Harklns to Marian Hark'.ns. lot on
southeast line of Sixteenth street (Center) arid
Potrero avenue, S 45 by E 100; $!<>•
Builders' Contracts.
Walter Goodrich (owner) with George Ched
rlck (contractor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer—
All work except mantels, gas fixtures and
shades for a two-story frame dwelling on W
line of Stelner street, 50 S of Greenwich. S 25
by W 100; total. $2719.
J37S— A SNAP; look at this bargain; lot 40x100;
street work done; fine lot within 1 block of
Ashby station; Just the place to build on.
H. D. IRWIN,
Lorin Station.
THE best corner lot pouth of University of Cal-
ifornia, with elesant modern 9-room house.
M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth and Broadway. Oakland.
WANTTTD— 2 nice vouaj men to room and
loard; private family. ICO Ninth at., bet.
$1375 — LARGE modern 6-room cottage; centrally
located in Berkeley; near electric cars and
railroad: lot 35x120; easy terms. J. S» JOHN-
SON 972 Broadway. Oakland.
Richard Jenklnson
F Harberson, Clnclnnat
Mrs F Harberson, Ohio
Col W R Ray. Ky
Mrs J L Lablelle. Ky
Mrs H D Osborne. Ky
G W Meyers, lowa
Mrs G W Meyers. lowa
Mrs N S "Woodard. Chg
Miss Medley. Cal
Mrs F Hellyer. Chgo
A F Hellyer. Chgo
H A Cohen. N V
Mrs J W Walker. Pa
I W Reynolds. Pa
Mrs E Carney. Mls«
F S Carrey. Miss
Miss S C Hall. Cona
GRAND HOTEL
Dr Burke & w.Altrurl*
D irasj'ar, Elko
E O Lee. Salt Laka
G W Towle. Towle
A P Mulligan, Martinez
J H Gardner. R Vista.
J Kullman.
C V.' Walcott & w. Cal
C Haydock, San Jose
O T Loehr, Cleveland
W G Rock. Santa Fe
C H Boyllng, Santa Fe
J P O'Brien. Portland
J B Tregloar, Oakland
J D Carson. Portland
J B Metcalf. Berkeley
H R Cotnly, 8 Diego
C W Waters. N York
X V Munro. Victoria
Mrs P E Gould. Or
Miss Gould, Or .
j W Selover, Portland
J G Taylor, Lovelock
W W Whylark. Cal
F C Nichols, N York
H L Doan & w, Cal I
J B Arthur & w, L A |
Miss Martin & md. Cal
G W Rms. Santa Rosa
Miss York. Healdsburgl
Miss McCudden, Vallejo
F Shaw. Cal
O G Lunn. N York ,
R F Winston, Chicago
H R Osborn * w. Cat
H Parks. Portland
Mrs A M Hawthorn,
San Jose
Mr» J A Apsley, Cal
A J Buckler, Cal
H C Smith. Denv«r
O H WrUht & w,
. Boston
F Tetreall. Chlco
Mr • Chapman. Chlco
Miss Chapman, Chico
D Campbell. Lo« An«
O B Lardner. Cal
J J Cunningham & w,
Vallejo
C Prlngle. Oakland
W Wagner. Berkeley
Dr Gundeman. Toledo
T L Reed. Toledo
Mrs M Warring. S Jose
C Olsen. Cal
,D HollUter, Courtland
F H Smith. Stockton
J McCudden, Vallejo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
H C.rifflth. 11l i
L Bowers & w. Ohio
Miss H Bcrwers. Ohio
f W I>evan * w, Colo
C O Young. Or
C W Watkins. Cal
O S Hansen. Cal
r Crone. Fresno
R M .Hough. Colo .
It Patrick. Cal
J Jenitls. Fresno
F Anthony. L An«
r M Damon & w. Or
H Stemmons &w, Cal
\ G Saunders, L G
E Lee. lowa
M Lennon. L Ang
F Davis, Sacro
J Pelsha & w. Stfcn
J E Hall. Napa
HOTEL FAIItMCUNT. 1714 llarket at.— Ele-
rar.liy furr.ifch<vJ ninnj- rooms; en euite or sin-
p>: with oe without board; table flret-class;
,*._HOTET, LA NORMANDIE. 526 Eddy: funny
fuit.es and fir.jrle rooms: everjrtnin* new; first-
daca table ar.d serrlce; hot water In every
room; trler.hone Putter 1471.
KOOMS ANH HOARD
WE RENT ROOMS —
CITY RENTING CO.. Q2 Market »t.
VEB?TnR. IC.S. near Futter-Furnlfhed room
In rTl^a"* f«BJfljr. with cr without board.
WILL/JW aye.. 650, n^ar Burhanan— 2 *cnny
»«iv:y fumi^hfd room*: private family.
A BRANCH of fir* for th«S reception of adver-
tif^-mpnts nnd Fulv»crirtipns has been opened
at !2la I'olk rt.: ci*n till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH oflW* for Call advertisements nn<J
mb^orlpticns has bo«>n established at the
northwest corner o* Tw l lltT: Tf flnfl and Ken-
tin-ky Fts : r.ren till S r>- m.
BHEBMAN Apartment House. 28 Klchth ,st..
near Market— Furntrbed and unfurnished.
HGRKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor, near Market— Up-to-
dat«>. flrpjimof buildir.s; electric elevator: new
furniture; hot and cold water: radiators;
s::i'c« and single: room* ai>i>recian?d when
poen. "¦ .""ft' -
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nOPHPALE House, 31» & 321 Ellis et.— Rooms,
night. 2to tn fl; week. Jl 23 to t 4: cpen night.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO { CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
• George D. Collins, 32, city, and Katherlne G.
Pollock, 23. city.
John Cook. 2S. 16 West Mission street, and
Annie Hauze. 21, 16 West Mission street.
John C. McCann, 29, 120^i Geary street, and
Frances n. McMenomy, 22. 16 Sanchez street.
James D. O'Connell,* 36. 616 Jones street, and
Mary S. Messner. 24, 631>4 Stevenson street.
Charles Rummelsburg. "31, "03 Geary street,
and Carrie Kutner, 26. 1109 Leguna street.
Martin KaTod. 32. 9SS Folsom street, and
Eliana G. Brondberg 22, 727 Hampshire street.-
J. Arthur Deering. 23 C 37 Ellis street, and
Asnes .M.. Buckley, 15, 41S Oak etreet.
Llchftndre J. de Souza, 25, city, and Angelina
F. Roberta, 25, city.
Harry Klein. 40. 340 Geary street, and Theresa
Crowley, 28, 114 Seventh street.
Mark Collins, 2S, Sl6 McAllister street, and
Mac Swift. 20. 30S>4 Tehama street.
ROOMS TO. LET — Fan. and Unfnrn.
$ir/io— S-ROOM house; «-orner lot 50x100; will
trade fcr a ranch cf equal value. QRAN .
JJOO-3-ROOM house; good well; all sewered; $50
carh. balance tlO per month. \\ ¦ I. ftiUKA»>.
JCr/.0-NEW 6-room cottage: street sewered,
graded and macadamized; cement walks; fruit
trees; lot 50x140; 2 blocks to local and electric
oars, churches, echools, etc.; wil > V^fv
Seattle lots. VV*. C. MORAN.
flfifO-HALF-ACRE of land; 5-room house 2
largre barns, S chicken houses. 1 duck house,
U> fruit trees, currant, blackberry nnd rasp-
btrry vinrs; ST.CO cash, balance on time; m-ar
wlincl and cars. V. C. MOKA.N.
BGoe-^BETTER than Klondike; S3 lots in heart
'of town; first come first served; on Telegraph
eve W. C. MORAN.
J3f.— NEW 7-room house for rent; all furnlehed;
comer lot C0x135. one block to station.
jlKiyv-SNAP: worth 12500; new; 6 large rooms;
fine mantel, porcelain bath, tiled Fink, station-
ary tubs»; street work all done; one block to
car*. W. C. MORAN.
jef.y_s^O CASH, balance $10 per month, includ-
ir.g interest; corner lot, 4telO0; all sewered.
* W. C. MORAN.
$900— BAY- WINDOW cottage; brick foundations;
all Ftwered; parties going away: $100 cash,
balance $13 per month, including Interest.
W. O. MORAN, Lorin Station. Berkeley.
jjcTO—SEE this new. modern, up-to-date, cozy
cottase: 6 rooms; porcelain bath, tiled sink,
tinted wall 6; jurt the place for a bride; lot 49
xlOO; street work done; nice neighborhood;
rear station. H. D. IRVINE. Lorln Station.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ofnees and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BISCANTER— In this city, February 22. 1900.
to the wife of Henry Biscanter, a daughter.
COUTTS— In this city. February IT, 1900, to the
I wife of Alex. D. Coutts. a daughter.
COHEN— In this city. February 22, 1900, to the
wife of Moees Cohen, a son.
FROBERQ— In this city. February 19. 1900, to
the wife of Georee Froberg, a daughter.
LIEBIG— In this city, February 20, 1900, to the
wife of C. LleblK, a son. ¦•
LANN— In this city. February 15. 1900, to the
wife of Geonre E. Lann, a daughter.
LOHMEYER— In this city. February 1". 1900.
to the wife of Edward W. Lohmeyer. a son.
JONES-In this city, February 20, 1900, to the
wife of Hugh Jones, a daughter.
MITCHELL— In this city. February 19. 1900, to
the wife of J. H. Mitchell, a daughter.
SUNDER— In this city, February 7. 1900. to the
wife of F. C. Sunder, a daughter.
t'.io— a SNAP In a Tele«;rarh-ave. corner lot,
well up toward Pwight way. Oood properties
all over Berkeley. H. IX IRVINE, railroad
v.alting room, Lorln Station.
WlCf>- LOT 4''xloo; 5 rooms and bath: modern
rottage; convenient to station; easy terms.
H. D. IRVINE. Lorin Station.
llJOft— MODERN cottace: S rooms; bath; 2 bay
windows ; brick foundation; hot and cold
wator; high basement; grood yard; small barn;
lot 40x120; near station and electric cars,
school, churches, stores, etc.: very easy
terms; a big snap. H. D. IRVINE, Lorin
Station.
VJIS HALIIA?. ;ilt) Market «.— Suite ef t or I
rmf : private: bath: »ln. rm«. : board optional.
1160C — LOT 40x100; 2-story and basement 7-room
modern house; street work dona: near station;
bei>t tide of Btreet. H. D. IRVINE, Lorin
Station.
JI'ST finished, near the U. C— Thoroughly
well-built house of 9 rooms; all modem im-
provements; lot E2x160; either for cash or In-
stallments. MASON & McLENATHEN, ad-
Joininß Postoffice, Berkeley.
MAEBIED.
BOWEN— FITZGERALD— In Grass Valley, Cal.,
February 22, 19C0, by the Rev. Father Lynch,
William U. Bowen of San Francisco and
Julia G. Fitzgerald of Grass Valley.
CLARK— FRESSE— In this city. February 22,
19C0, by the Rev. J. Fuendelins, Charlea C.
Clark and Annie L. Fresse.
GERRIE— HARDER— In this city. February 19,
MCO, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Thomas C.
Gerrie of Haywards and Maria C. Harder of
San Francisco.
HIKTZ— BRUNIG— In this city. February 21.
1900. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Charles F.
Hints and Julia E. Urunlfr.
MORRISSEY— GALLOWAY— In this city. Feb-
ruary 24. 1900. Robert Austin Morrissey and
Mai Mead Galloway. No cards.
MORGAN— ALISON— In Rakersfleld, February
• IS, 1300. Ralph O. Morgan and Jeannette I.
Alison o* San Frnncisco.
O'XEIL-FITZGERALD~In Grass Valley, Cal..
February 11. 1900. by the Rev. Father Lynch.
John P. O'Neil and Mary Fitzgerald, both of
Grass Valley.
RILEY— ERNEST— In this city. February 22.
1900. by the Rev. Paul Branke. John W. Rlley
and I^aura A. Ernest.
SALZER— UMLAND— In this city. February 20.
19C0. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Riewert C.
Salzer and Au«ru«t.H Umland.
SCHMIDT— FESSLER— In this city. February
22, 1900. by the Rev. J. Fuendelinz. John
Schmidt and Mrs. Lutgard Margaretha Fess-
" ler.
TOWLE— BRAUER— In this city. February 21.
1600, by the Rev. J. Fuendellnp. Herbert Aug-
ustus Towle' and Mathilda Annie Braver.
WAGNER— DELLBRUEGGE— In this city.
February 24, 19C0. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Carl Wasmer and Catharina DellbrueKfte.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
nvnißßN rAt'iric compast.
(PACino HYtrraof.)
Trains l«i»ve •••»<« «»r« «l»© (• nrrlv* M
st> ntAiiviaco.
(Main Line. Foot cf llarket Street)
lsayi — From Fibrcabt 2-3. 13031 — a sjuvs
•7:OO i Brnici*. Suhran, Elmlra, Vacs»l2>,
Ramsey nnd haemmento •7543»
•7sOOa. Shirt* Expresi-D»Tis, Willews.
Bed Bluft Portland "7i«3»
•7:3«» a Martinez. 3an ltaiuon. VaEej<x >~ap%.
Cmlist4 or* an \ SanW Kces »««l»r
•S:39* Th« OferhndlJiiiteUr-OgiJeo, Den-
*er, Om»ha, Chicago »O«I3»
•Si3»a San .Jo«c. Llreriaore. Htocktou.
love. H*CT»meuto. PlacertUlc.
»Urys»i:ie. Chlco. Kert Bluff !*'!**
•»:30a •Milton. Oalcdale, fconora. Carters... * 4t ***
•tfiOO* Haywarils. Kilts and Wsj Stations. Mis 13*
•9:00 a DaTia, Woodlacd. KnljhU Landing.
Uar?siillc. i>ro»ule IIM*
•DiOOA AtUatia Kxpress— Oeden and Ea»6 ''HH
•9:OOa Mirtltir z. Tracy. I.atUrop, Stockton,
McrOMlSDdVresno •12i13r
•9:O«a Port Costt. > rcsoo, MoJaT* ami Ixa
Außttlr* •0«4.1r
• l o^oi V«llejo. Muttaes and Way Stations •«!•»»»
•lIjOOa Xiles. U»erinore. Stockton. Hacra-
mento. Mendota. H&nford. Visalia.
P<rter»ll!« Mil.l*
•I3:OOu lUj-wariK Nile* and W»y SUtIOM. •«?*-•»»
tl:OOi> Haerainento Kltcr Bteamrrs ?SiOOp
•3iOOf lUywardx. Nil«s and Way Stations. *3543r
•4itt«r Martinez, H«m Itamon, Vallejo,
Knpa. Oalmt.-;*, H-uita Itosa •o>l3*
•iio«r Cenieia, VacavUl?, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Kulsbta laadlae.
Mary»»U!p, Oroflllo »l«:4!la
•4 iSOrNlles, Ran .lose and Stockton I*l3*
•3:OOpTho O«l Limited— Traer. Frenno.
lUkersSald, Banftia for Santo Bar-
bara, Lfl* Aactlc« •ln:|3 4
aZ.OOr Snrs;t Lbtited— El Pas* New Or-
leans and E»st elO:-*. I * a,
•»«a»r Stockton. Mnccl. Freano •12513y
*3i3Ur Vresno. ltaksnlieM. s u>U l: .trliaia,
I*>* Aocoin. DemiDC I". I riso,
Now Orlesns and E*st # Si«*
•3>3»r Santa Vn ttoute— AtUntlo Express
fnr Mojarn and Ka.it 'O:l5p
•C:«Op Hayirards, Nile* and ban Jose *7i4->\
IG«SOrTaU*Jo •12i13p
•CiS«»i- Oriental Miil— Ogden, Cbeyense,
Oaths, CMciga "9:434,
•C:JOr Oriental SZaU—Ogden, Dearer.
Oa»i», Chlciga «4:15p
{TsOOr VslW-Jo, Por» Costa and Way Sta-
tiour J9:33r
• Hio.ir Or. };im and California r.«.i-i <*!"». "nc-
to.niHi. MtrjsTilJe. l!~l.lins:.
r.-."t.i..i. rm«i hi.ii,..i iti..i r,)«t ««ti a»,
COAST DIYIHIOJ CTarnm Gm»K
( r.x>t ct lUiket Street.)
•>:»:,» i»'oi»aric,l,'cnteT»iile.fc!au.loee,Frlton,
BouUk-r Creek, Sauta Crus aod Way
8»»tlon« »3»30*
t2««3r Newark, C«nUrTill«i, Han Jo»e, New
Alai>!en. FeJton, Ronlder Creek.
Saut* Cruz cad Principal Way
Stations t,IO:.1«4
•liiSrSjuruk, B»rt .Tnoo. Loa Gatoa. •UiSO*.
Ml:lsr Unn'ers' Uxcursi.-n, Ban Joto and
W»yßt»ito-» f7'gPP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
VoaiSlS riU3CijCl— r-ct •» Market Etre»t (Sii? B>—
•?:15 »:00 1 1:00 A.M. |feW »::03 S3:S3
•t:C3 t3:C3 •B:C3r.iJ.
¦roroOllUiSD— Feoi «f2r». !*•»».— "fl.CO 8:00 10:00 t.M.
tIS:CO T-33 t3:C3 «3:SJ U:S3 'ISJr.a.
COAST DIVISION (ItroailUaase).
• (Third »ml Townwcml SU.)
t'i:l«\ O«aui Vuw. South Man Kra.uci.-co.. tO:3OI>
•TiOttt Mm .!.¦«¦. ami Way Ktnllini9 <?»"«w
Atma<l<ii Wednesdaisnnl;) *l:30y
•Ot«O* Man J«»o. Tim I'i.m.i, Hmttta 4:mz.
Psrilio Crixe, I'asn l!i>lilr«. Kin
l.nN Ol.ini.o, Hnrf. Lompoe and
IMncfpal V/nj Htitrinns - -iil«^
»IOx<».» San J«w and WaySU'-lnna •OiS.'Ja
•ll»;j<>« bai J.iso and Wsy St»tlrns »3iUO?
f»i4 3r Situ Matm. ]:e<lwoo<), BJenlo Park,
Talo Al'o. !>.iii'.jk«'lnra, ?Ja:i .lns<».
Trcs licoa. Hanta «m* Galiaaa,
Miiiiten-y mtil racifio GrOTS flO:.l(l4
fliS»i> 55n.1..3.»a-.'l Way KUHona "Tiadr
tl:inr Sail Jens am) Principal Way Station* *D:l3\
IJ;»Of S»n.lo.<? ami Printipal Way Ptatlona 1!>:O(»*
•j:3»»i- Saa.l, «-.»:. .1 1'tinoiiiMVay S:«t!ou» "9:3.1k.
•Bi.tOp San Joso an. l Way Stations fH:©O^,
>11i4.1r San Joa-. »n«l Way Statlima »7:!»>r
A for Moruinz. I* for A fternoon.
•Daily. f Sunday «Trei>te<l. J Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
a Tniada js tnd Frldi js c Thursdays and Sundays.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
P.ENTET>. repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. l4s Cth: phene Mint 4i.
ALL kinds bought, rcld, exchanged, rented; re-
rairinc «t Jnwert rates. 20S Fourth St.
STOItAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
I'IERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offic*. «01 Poet «t.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 571 J.
FOREST PARK TRACT.
Only a Few Minutes From the Station.
H-Acre Lots. »i-Acre Lots. H-Acre Lots.
In a millionaire's district at a workingman's
price; for immediate sale; $4 per front foot up;
two weeks only at above price.
Lots 175 feet deep and any frontage desired:
all streets graded: water piped to every lot; in
Fruitvale sanitary district; over 400) forest
and fruit trees on this tract; a good ppwula-
tlon if you do not want a home; we build to
suit you; title guaranteed; close to car and
transportation lines.
$300— Lot 50x175; choicest part of Fruitvale; 50
fruit trees on the property.
$500— Lot 130x181; nicely located.
$600— Lot U4xlS3: fine place for chickens.
$1K I *— Chicken n»nch; 4 rooms; fenced; lot
137x181: close to cars.
$950— $50 down, balance $12 50 per month; weil
and pump; lot £0x150; fenced; «treet graded;
4 rooms and celled: 7- foot hasement.
$1000— $50 cash, balance $13 50 per month: well
and pump: lot 50x150: corner; fenced; house 6
rooms; also chlcken-housep.
$ll l »—6 rooms; sewer; city water: three min-
utes from station.
$12<O— $50 down, balance $15 50 per month; lot
90x100; fine for chickens; fine fruit trees.
MONET TO LOAN.
FLAT OR ON INSTALLMENTS.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
San Francisco office — Room 2. ground floor.
222 Fansome St.; afternoons.
Fruitvale office— Half block above Fruitvale
Station.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
£IvTDEND^b*-nCE^DTvTd?nd No 102 (50
cent* per share) of the Oceanic Steamehlp
Co. will be payable at the office of the com-
pany. £27 Market st.. en and after Thurs-
<say, March I. 1900. Transfer books will close
on Friday. February 23. IW* at 3 o'clock
T: m. E. IT. SHELDON. Secretary.
HOMES IN OAKLAND.
$6500— Webster-st. home; best location: worth
$9000;. elegant modern 3-room house; plate glass
windows, furnace, everything complete.
$4000— Piedmont home; close to electric cars;
lot 50x100; on corner; beautiful new house of S
rooms.
$4500 — Right in town: finest 7-room cottage in
Oakland; lot 3SxIC3; only 4 blocks from Broad-
way.
$37."!)— in Fruitvale; elegant new house; only *
months old; must be sold on account of owner
srolnp East; lot 43xl*>0; sunny side cf street;
house of S roome; all modern; place cost $4750;
ensy terms.
JI.VIO— New modern 2-story 6-room house; lot'
35x120; street work all done: ready to move into;
fine location, close to car lhie.
COTTAGES.
We have a larce list of very fine cottages at
greatly reduced prices in every fiction of Oak-
land. A list cent on receipt of address.
HOMES BUILT ON TERMS TO SUIT.
IX)TS.
Have you seen the lots between Grove st. and
San Pablo aye.. Thirty-second and Thirty-sixth
sts. ? On your own terms. Big bargains.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$2iXJC— BEET hotel and lodging house in Oak-
land; 60 rooms; fine corner location and good
business. ALDEN CO., HIS Broadway.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership. — The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
style of lACCHERI & BACIGALUPI. doing
business in the city and county of San Fran-
clfoo. was on the 2Sth day of March. 1599. dis-
solved by mutual consent. MR. G. lACCHERI
having purchased the entire Interest of G.
OACIGALUPI in the concern.
G. lACCHERI.
G. BACIGALUPI.
Fan Krmnc!i«v\ February 9. 1300.
FOR pale by H. A. PLEITNER, Frultva'.e
Station. Cal.
$250— A bargain; lot 100x150; enly 1 block from
electric cars.
$',50 — House of 4 rooms and basement: large
chicken house; good well and pump: lot 50x110;
all fenced; $100 cash, balance on your own
terms.
$700 — Cozy cottage of 4 rooms: newly reno-
vated: front and back porch; barn, chicken
house and work shop; large lot: fine place fcr
raiding chickens.
$350 — Cottage of 6 rooms and bath: stationary
tubs, chicken and pigeon houses; 4 blocks from
Twenty-third-aye. station.
$1400— For sale tn Alameda: 2-story house;
6 rooms and bath; stable; large lot; 2 blocks
from Park-st. station fine neighborhood; street
work and crment sidewalk complete.
$1450 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath: marble
washstand, mantel, stationary tubs; 7-foot
basement; all floored; cement walk: chicken
house: lot Coxl2t; all fenced; cost owner $2250.
S2lso— Reduced from $3W>; fine modern cot-
tage of C rooms and bath; fine mantel; attic;
basement: chicken houses: fruit trees; corner;
lot 75x160: must be sold this week.
$2000— Elegant cottage of 4 large rooms and
bath; sanitary plumhlng; marble washstand;
stationary tubs; high basement: chicken
houses: lot 100x149: all fenced; only 4 blocks
from Fruitvale station.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
PROPOSALS.
SEALED i>rojx>*als will be received at the
effice of the Lighthouse Engineer, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock m., March 22,
1300. and then opened, for furnishing all the
ircclfrial and labor necessary for the com-
plete construction of a light and fog signal
station at Point Arguello. Ca!.. in accordance
Tvith specifications, copies of which. with
blank pro;>osale and other information, may
l.c had upon application to CHARLES E. L.
n. DAVIS, Major. Corps of EnUneers, U.
P. A.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
$3000 — A SNAP; 7-room house; "modern"; tvest
neighborhood; 5 minutes' walk to local: $2000
can remain on property: see It. WM. P.
TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
$1650— A BARGAIN; 30 acres of land 14 miles
from Sunol: about 300 French prune trees, be-
sides small family orchard and -vineyard:
house of 6 rooms: barn; chicken-houses; all
fenced. W. P. RYAN, 960 7th st., Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office ot The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements end subrcrlotlonn received. - ¦
OAKLAND ROOMS AND : BOARD.
ROOM and board In private family. Addrest
912 Clay st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR HALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaai. th»
fcntltur* dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
jtorw-LOT 42x150; Mortcn-st. station.
list*'— Modern 5-room cottace; Broadway,
rear Ontral aye.; easy terms; $100 down, $20
monthly; convenient to train and echools; this
it a bargain.
$Sf<y._ s-room modern cottage; large lot 42x150;
stable; Morton-st. Ftation.
1350&— New modern. 7-room cottage; Grand Bt..
Tif-ar Aiameda aye.; easy installments; large
let: fnap.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda.
OlfW open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
UOO'Park st.. Alameda.
$11,000 — NO reasonable offer refused; on account
nf departure; IS lots, with two buildings, at
Grand Ft. station. Alameda. Address box 114.
Call office.
FOR sale — Choice new house of 7 rooms; nearly
finished; at a nominal price; easy termi. J.
H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park «.
finoo CASH: balance easy terms: new 7-room
house; 3 minutes' walk to local: fine neigh-
l»orh<»od; price $3500; worth J4XO. WM. P.
TODD. K'7o Broadway. Oakland.
f«". C. BEMIS. Real Eft ate and General Land
Asent. 224 Montgomery »t.
In Berkeley— corner lot £7x150, with modern
bout* oX i rooms. ¦ -¦ ¦¦-' - • ¦•¦ >¦
lIAYWUDS It SAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
B. E. BUNCE, 905 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
Sound and Safe Investments.
Jl6OO— S-room house near college; lot £0x125
feet.
$2500— Lot 100x138 feet, with nice cottage;
must be sold within 10 days.
Large list of new houses for sale on easy
terms.
400 lots for sale In Oakland, Alameda, Fruit-
vale and Berkeley.
100 lots for eale in Fltchburgr, clos« to electric
line.
$523,000— Business property: Income JSO.OOO per
year: corner lot; 5-story building; fire proof;
will leave a mortgage of 12'0.Q00, interest at 5
per cent: will exchange equity for a desirable
clear ranch In California. ,
$*o,O'i0 — s">l acre 3 near Oakland; stock, fruit
and vegetable ranch.
$4W0— 25 acres; 10-room house; barn; fruit;
fine Improvements.
J3.7M — C2O acres: craln ranch.
Ranches for sale from 20 acres to 60.000 acres.
l.OfiO.oiO acres for SRle In Mexico at srtc per
acre: close to navigable river; well adapted
for colonization.
3rt-page catalogue of ranches and homes.
Large list of California and Eastern prop-
erty for exchange.
I have good business chances of all kinds for
cale.
Before you buy cr loan your money on Cali-
fornia real estate get my opinion of its value
for your own protection.
E. E- DUNCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
POINT RICHMOND terminus of the Santa Fe
Ry. — A limited number of lots will be sold in
the new townsite of Santa Fe for J100; $10
cash. J5 monthly. McEWEN BROS., US
Montgomery st.
T2200. WORTH IJOOO.
House, 7 rooms; bath; with all modirn con-
veniences; fine location and neighborhood:
large lot; driveway, sunny; close to cam,
schools, etc.; the best bargain offered this
year. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
jC.vt— Sjo DOWN', balance JS :.O per irmnth; 6
rooms: well ar.d pumj> or city water; sewer
connections; fenced; lot Loxl4o.
JICOO— ;¦'• down, balance to euit; t room*, bath,
<tc. ; good lot; close to car.
Jl2so— s^o down, balance Jl7 per month; 6
rooms. 'bath, etc; lot 40x115; fenced: new.
II4OO— SIOO down, balance {IS per month; 7
rooms; bath; new and modern; JjO mantel; lot
<f>icl2o; fenced comnlete.
$2600— Choicest location in Berkeley: rmall
amount down, balance monthly: will take va-
cant lot as part pay on any of above. We have
others hf-sldew th<>se.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Room 2, Z22 Sansome M., San Francisco; after-
noons.
13TM. VALUE $4000.
Located on a "commanding corner;" new
house of 7 rooms; bath, gas and electrical ap-
pliances; new ideas and designs for "dining-
room," sewing-room; sunny expoaure; close
- to local train and 2 car lines: space would not
fully present the excellent features: the nobl-
est house built this year: easy terms.
J. B. MYERS.
100! Broadway,
Oakland.
233ft— LOT 4f>xi;o.- near Lorln Station: IS cash,
balance j; per month. See NAMANNY. Lorin
Station.
{17T.0— COTTAGE; 6 ror»m* and bath: modern im-
provements: etreet work all done; worth flSdO.
See NAM ANN Y. Lorln Station.
DIED.
Cooke. Chester B. McCarthy. Nellie
Chapman. Maria I. McKee. William W.
Currier. Emily F. W. Melrore. Mary A.
Clifford. Sarah E. Mor«e. Caroline A.
De Andrels. Howard Newell, Elijah B.
Downing. John H. ¦ Pyne, Gerthie
Eckart, May B. Peyser. Henry-
Farley, James C. Petersen. Edward
Fox. Theresa . Robartj- John J.
Goodwin, James P. Roberts, Jesse A.
Harlow, Almira Reynolds, William
Hurley. Jeremiah Stottmelster. Marga-
Hurley, Daniel reta E.
Hennlnp. Charles H. Taylor, I. L.
Hall. Maggie E. Winchester. Julia
Hackmeler. Chas. F. Walter. Ida W.
Kepner. Ed^ar S. Wood, Fred R.
Lane, John Wilke. Otto B.
COOKE— In this city, February 24. 1900, Chester
Blame Cookc, beloved r-on of John D. and E. i
A. Cooke. n. native of California, aged 19
years and 20 days.
CHAPMAN— In this city. February 23. 1000. Ma-
ria Ives Chanman, wife of the late Russell
Chapman, and mother of Mrs. George H.
Powers and Mrs. K. M. Crowell of this city.
Mrs. Frederic Yates of London, England.
Russell Chapman Jr. of San Diego, Mr. E. F.
Chapman of Detroit. Mich., the late Charles
W. Chapman of Washington. D. C. and Mr.
A. B. Chapman of New Haven, Conn., a na-
tive of New Haven. Conn.. aye.d S3 years 6
months and 18 days. . (New York. New Ha-
ven and Detroit papers please copy.)
IC7l"rlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services' this day (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 3340 Clay
Etreet. Interment at San Rafael.
CURRlER— Entered Into rest.- in this city, Feb-
ruary 23. 1900. Emily Frances Woodward Cur-
rier, wife of C. B. Currier. M. D.. a native of
New York City. (New York papers please
co^y.)
(Cyinterment private. Kindly omit flowers.
CLIFFORD— In Oakland. February 23, 1900,
Farah E. Clifford, dearly beloved wife of Cap-
tain William E. Clifford, mother of R. S. and
K. H. Clifford, daughter of N. J. and the late
Sarah Krukau, and sister of Mrs. H. E.
Hunt and William J. and N. J. Krukau, a
native of San Francisco, aged • 24 years 8
months and 7 days. (New York and Boston
papers please cory.)
in?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 116G Seventh street, Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
DE ANDREIS— In this city. February 24, 19C0,
Howard, youngest son of V. V. and Anna S.
1> Andreis. a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 11 months' and 5 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 6 Vandewater street, off Pow-
oll, between Francisco and Bay. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOWNING— In this city. February 24. 1000,
John H.. brother of D. F. Downing, a native
of County Cork. Ireland, aged 40 years.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, thence to
St Mary's Church. California and Dupont
streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
ECKAUT— In this city, February 24, at 12:15
a. m.. May Belle, beloved wife of Charles F.
Eckart of Honolulu, and daughter of Mrs.
Alice B. and Henry L. Tlckner, aged 23
years and 10 months.
tt3r Friends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. W. R, Eckart, 3014 Clay street. Inter-
ment private.
FARLEY— In this city, February 13, 1900,
James C. beloved son of Barney and the late
Mary E. Farley, and brother of Mrs. J.
Tompklnson, Mrs. J. Anthony. Mrs. D. Sex-
ton and Barney, John and Sadie Farley, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 33 years 1 month
and 2S days.
tryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, 116 Day street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by carriage.
FOX— In this city, February 23, 1900. Theresa
Fox, beloved mother of Mrs. I. C. Drathman,
and sister of John F., William H. and Mar-
guerite Mitchell, a native of San Francisco,
aged 40 years S months and 3 days.
CjTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 315 Waller street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GOODWIN— In this city. February 24. 1300,
James P. Goodwin, beloved father of James
P. Goodwin Jr., Mrs. M. R. Britton and Mrs.
E. L- May, aged 85 years.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services on Tuesday, Feb-
ruary 27. at o'clock, at his late residence, 1313
•Taylor street. Interment private.
HARLOW— In this city. February 22, 1900, at
her residence, 1023 Natoma street, Almira.
beloved -wife of Dexter I." Harlow. a native
of Madison, New Hampshire, aged 57 years
. and 27 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Christian
Church. Twelfth street, between Howard and
Mission. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
- by electric funeral car from Fourteenth and
Mission streets.
HURLEY— In this city, February 23. 1900. Jere-
miah, beloved brother of John Hurley, a na-
tive of County Cork. Ireland, aged 46 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HURLEY— In this city. February 23. 1900.
Daniel Hurley, beloved brother of Robert.
John and Nellie Hurley and Mrs. John Pur-
cell. a native of London; England, aged 23
years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend ths funeral this day
, (Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. John Purcell. 1516 Central
avenue, thence to St. Dominic's Church for
services at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery- SSSSF
HENNING— In this city. February 24. 1900.
Charles Herman, beloved son of Mary and the
30Exchange and Bullion. .
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 ?5
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS%
Sterling Cables — 4 69^,
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1714
Fine Silver, per ounce — E9*-,,
Mexican Dollars 454 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Inverlyon takes for Cork 53,070
ctls. valued at $32,400; Normandle, for Cork,
f0,5:.0 ctls, at $CO,RiO. . . ...
Liverpool and Paris were, lower. Chicago
showed little change, the demand being light.
It was reported that the Argentine would have
from 75,000,000 to 100,000,000 bushels for export.
Trices in the local market showed little varia
tion.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96U@97»fcc; milling,
oS*icSsl Ol'.i.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No. sales.
Second Session—May— 6ooo ctls, 98% c. De
cember—BCoO, $106.
Regular Morning Session— May— 6ooo etls. 99c;
24,000, 98!»e. December— Booo, $106; $000. $l05?i;
14.000. 'tl W%T9
BARLEY— Continues quiet at unchanged quo
tations. ...
Feed. 75@77»4c for No. 1 and 63ft72Vic for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, So®s7Vjc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL 1 BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Xo sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls. 76He.
Regular Morning Session — No sales. ¦
OATS— Offerings continue neglected and quo
tations are largely nominal.
White. $1 10@l 30; Red. 95c@$l 17H: Gray.
1107H4J115: Black. 92V*cig$l 024. '
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 95c per
ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I®l O2',i; mixed.
57'icS$l.
KY&-S7He@sl 02»4 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, , S3 «o@3 TS,
usual terms; bakers I . extras. $3 40:53 50; Oregon
and Washington, J2 75@3 per barrel. ¦ ;-
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In eaeks are as'fol
lows. usual discount to the . trade: Graham
Flour. Si 2S Per 100 lbs; Ry« Flour, 12 T5; Rye-
Meal J2 60: Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. J2 00:
Oat Groats, »4 60; Hominy. M 25(ff3 60; -Buck
wheat Flour, |4«M 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75:
Farina. 14 50: Whole Wheat Flour. |J 60;
Rolled Oats (barrels)," W#7 25; In sacks, $5 ;&a
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, *3; Green Peas,
tSMperino lbs. ¦ ¦.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
countir's new enterprises began to employ in
creasing volumes of moneys and credits.
Then the inflated securities came to market
in New York In constantly increasing volume
until the panic on the stock exchang« was pre
cipitated in December. It will be remembered
that much was said in financial quarters dur
ing .the latter part of last year when New
York bank deposits were diminishing of the
encroachments upon the banking business made
by the many new trust companies. But the
annual statement of the New York State Super
intendent of Banking has shown that the de
posits of the New York Trust Companies,'.ln
stead oi raining at the expanse, of the banks
were depleted some seventy-one, million dollars
for the last six months In 1599.
During the same,- period the deposits of the
New York Clearing-house banks fell off J165,
0O(i.c<00. The deposit account. of interior banks
showed that a large part of this total Bum of
$226,000,000 had gone into us» in the Interior.
This transfer -of deposits was . without doubt
largely due to obligations incurred by New
York syndicates and bankers through promot
ers for taking up securities and properties of
the constituent companies in the great Indus
trial combinations of last year. Since the first
of this year as a result probably for annual
settlements, takings of account, etc... the de
posits of the New. York Clearing-house banks
have recovered to the extent of $S«.818,700. But
new loans have been made in the same time
to the extent of 371,765,700, and , obviously not
Jcr use in the stock market. The flow of cash
has also turned away from New York again
and toward the interior. The possibilities
shown by last year's experience of the vora
cious absorption of capital by the ! industrial
and commercial expansion and development of
the country is the underlying motive of the
Inactivity of speculation. Here and there stockd
show strength on buying, prompted by good
assurance of an Increase in the dividend re
turn, but aside from this pseudo investment
demand, the market is dull and narrow. At
other points there is weakness and liquidation
on threatened integrity of dividends on account
of financial complications. The • few stocks
which show appreciable movement absorb all
the attention of the professional operators, who
depend on daily trading for. their profits. While
money lenders can get 4Vi per cent or better
on mercantile paper or time loans, they are ln
dlsposied to place call loans at 2to 2 1 ,£ per cent.
On the other band, speculators are not dis
posed to avail themselves of a 2 per cent rate
for call loans, with the possibility that dimin
ishing surplus reserve will precipitate calling
of loans and marking up of rates.
Business In bonds has been on a somewhat
diminishing scale in an Irregular market. The
market for Government bonds has been un
usually active at rising prices on account of the
pendency of the refunding measure.
United States . 2s advanced *». the 3s U; the
43 »4» 4 and the cli 4s and ts lVs'per cent 1b tha
bid price. . . :. .:';. >
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares - • * ,*/--- Closing
Bold. ¦• Md x,, ;
1.200 Atchison' * #....... "OS '
£.210 Atchison prefd-. .i: : 62U
1,635 Baltimore & Ohio «1*»
100- Canadian Pacific -•• 9» -
100 Canada Southern ..:..- '• • 4SVi
Chicago Great Western 13' i
W0 Chesapeake & Ohio 28»*
6.M70 Chicago, Bur & Qulncy* 122
1,400 Chleaso. Ind & Louisville « 1»?»
....... Chicago, Ind &. Louisville prefd 62
' 100 Chicago & East Illinois 93^4
Cblcago & 'Northwestern- 158.
1,700 Chicazo. Rock Island & Pac 10«"»
400 C C C i ft Louis 5S* t
-200 Colorado Southern 1 s ljl j
Colorado Southern Ist prefd.. 42V4
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 15Vi
600 Delaware & Hudson 11«
400 Delaware, Lack &. Western ISOH
..'....; Denver & Rio Grande 19H
..:....' Denver & Rio Grande prefd.. 71Tt
100 Erie ..:.......- • 1?%
1.520 Erie Ist pTefd .«%
Great Northern prefd I^7
Hocking Coal 1«H
Hocking Valley 33
Illinois Central HZJi
410 lowa Central «H
... lowa Central prefd 4»4
./..... Kansas City. Pitts & Gulf 12* i
Lake Erie & Western - 21»4
Lake Erie &. Western prefd 84
....:.. Lak* Shore - ¦»?*
1,170 Louisville & Nashville SIH
4,730 Manhattan L ..«...: 9fji
S7O Metroplltan Street Railway 1.3%
Mexican Central U*i
120 -Minn- & St Louis .- 62
100 Minn & St Lonls prefd 51
1,420 MlßßOurt Pacific 45
Mobile & Ohio 41
Missouri. Kans & Texas 10J4
Missouri. Kans * Texas pref* 32>4
2iV> New Jersey Central .' »....lt«»4
1 *io New York C-ntral 132
1,900 Norfolk it Western ;... 32V;
t*j Norfolk &. Western pr-fd .4*,
1 COO Northern Pacific «'?»
Northern PaclOc rrefd 74
2,4(>0 Ontario i. Western
Oregon Railway. Sc Nay 42
Oregon Hallway &. Xav prefd .6
4.530 Pennsylvania -' o,
200 Reading • "J*
25.9.VJ Reading Ist prefd «»*•
3,200 Reading 2nd prefd „ 2*%
SW-ltlo Grande AVestern 4?H
fno Rio Grande Western prefd.... 90
tOOPt I/>uls t San Fran ..".».«•.. ,t 10H
Ht Louis tc Fen Fran Ist prefd 6S
100 St Louis & Kan Fran 2nd prefd.-... 34^
Pt Louis, Southwestern '..'. 12
400 Ht l>ouls. "Southwestern prefd.:. 2!»?i
2.360 ft Paul • I?!'*
Ft Paul prefd J;l
St Paul & Omaha 110
3.100 Southern Pacific •• •••••• 3S? »
1.437 Southern Railway 12* i
1.710 Southern Hallway prefd "it
300 Texas & Pacific X
4,600 I'nlan Pacific ..., r 4i*»
673 ' ITnlon Pacific "pr?fd ¦"¦••¦- 76
\Vaba»h "• «%
20O.\V»bash prefd 20H
2<)o Wheeling & L X 10%4
420 "Wheeling & L E 2nd prefd 274
Wisconsin Central .. : IS
Express Companies —
.-. Adams 113
American 148
Vnited States ; 4«
WeljK-Fargd 123
Miscellaneous —
.... .American Cotton Oil .' J»Vt
American "Cotton Oil prefd .M
:. American Malting s»i
iOO American Malting prefd 2i\i
1025 American Smelting & Rfng....: 39H
American Smelting & Rfng prefd:.. 80 1 ;
American Spirits — » 2\i
American Spirits prefd.; 17
2.01*0 American Steel Hoop li 4J
American Steel Hoop prefd R3
5«« American Pteel & Wire f.7tf
9rt -American Steel & Wire prefd S2
305 American Tin Plate *l"t
... American Tin Plate prefd SI
6 $43 American Tobacco ....I.".. t.. 107V4
American Tobacco prefd 13.V4
455 Anaconda Mining Co — ".-. 43»n
1C,24r. Brooklyn Rapid Transit.. '•''••,»•¦
4W Colorado Fuel tz Iron 43
2.U0- Continental Tobacco .: ?..,;... 31.
too Continental Tobacco prefd — >4J4
4 £7i> Federal -Hteel ?..« J2ti
1 0"^ Federal fiteel prefd 78
.".... General Electric , US
f,20 Glucos* Sugar 50« i
<llucose Sugarprefd , .V.V... 9S*i
"' .. International Paper 22',»
2«7 International Paper prefd*. ...„.;...., 67%
Laclede Gap ~<)
"".,'. National Hlscult .'........ 36*4
National Biscuit pre'd — 90
... National 4 Lead- .'. Wi
National Lead prefd , ..104
"a'lis National Steel, ?....:•..... 46« i
'l*o National Steel prefd. ...,.". .„... 95
New Tork Air Brake .....120
"649- North American ..:.......;.; 14>i
Puciflc Coast ? 49>j
" " pacific Coast l*t prefd 82
"' "" ' Pacific -Coast 2d prerd .41
"iViio Pacific- Mail .»«|4
777 Pecple'n O«« • '¦>-' ?8H
320 Pressed fteej Car uV.i ,
l»0 Pressed Steel Car prefd *6
• . Pullman Falare Car .i.: IS7
" " "Standard Rope A .Twine Jj
"i.'sii sugar ...;.... ...in
Sugar prefd '••••••••••"
5 CM * Tennerste Coal & Iron . ; »2S
«140 United States Leather...... 12-4
'IC7 Uo!tt<s States Leather prefi! «4V»
A Bird of Paradise.
Their parrot had died, and younp Mas
ter Tommy, with his little sister Jennie,
had just concluded the funeral services
over the grave of their feathered pet.
"I 'spose Polly Is In heaven now," re
marked Jennie, tearfully. "Yes." returned
Master Tommy, "I '.ipose h*> is." "He —
he's got, wings, but he wouldn't be an
angel up^there. would he?" inquired the
little maid, anxious about his present
status. "Oh!" cried Tommy: "he wouldn't
be an angel; only people Is that." "Then
what do you 'spose he Is now?" persisted
his sister. Tommy thought for a mo
ment. Then the llßht of inspiration
dawned" on. his beaming countenance. "I
guess Polly is a bird of paradise now,"
he announced joyfully. — Crypt.
Shipping Intelligence.
Nczc York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24— The general specu
lative sentiment as reflected in' the stock mar
ket was a goo-1 deal obscured to-day by the de
moralisation ia Third Avenue. Active trading
resulting In a drop In price of
ever ten points Is bound to have consider
able effect in a narrow market, however pe
culiar end individual may be the reuse which
induces the selling. A rather violent break in
Tenne(is«-e Coal had the same tendency. At a
matter of fact, traders were disposed t<) sell
etocks on the general outlook, especially the
reports from trade authorities that" price* of
materH!?, especially the metals, were yielding.
There ras also the. frar that the cutting of
grain rates on the trunk lines would spread to
classifications and some ratfcfr striking declines
in ti:e volume of bank clearings compared with
th* corresponding- period of last year. Re
ports by telegraph to th» Financial Chronicle
for Cve <lays show a large shrinkage not only
at New York. Boston and Philadelphia, but at
Baltimore amounting to over 63 per cent and
at St. Louis of nearly 4 per cent. New Or
lear.s, bowevfer. expanded Its clearings over
47 per cent, Chicago 30 per cent and other cities
outfi<2e the seven leading cities 5.2 per cent.
Railroad earnings continue to show large ln
er"Bi>e(!, «ixty-cne roads, which have already
rf-p<j:t*>d for the twK-ond week in February,
B^O'fcir.g an avoTsgf imrpase of 5n.45 per cent
over th^ corresponding {>«riod of last year.
J?tror.g returns were made during the day for
ti)<s third week in February by the Paul,
Hocking VAlLey and Ilio Grande Western.
Ther» was good buying of some of ¦the coal-
Carrying railroad stocks and a rallying ten
dency In the market, which was checked some
what by the renewed weakness in Third avenue
*nd the New Tork utilities in the final dealings.
The decrease in cash ', Fhown by the bank
Ftateir.ent was very near to the estimates. But
the *uppo'tSon that the large rate of loan
coi-paaFicn had been checked proved erroneous.
Chiefly by reason of the additional loans of
111, 035*, 300 the surplus reserves are further de
pJewd to the extent of $4,337.12r.. There can
I*- no doubt that the bankers ere influenced
In their liberality In extending credita by the
possibility of currency inflation authorized by
the pending financial bill. Sufficient attention
hat been called to th* fact that the bill au
thorizes an extension of the bank note circula
tion to the par value of the bonds at present
<}*p«-»eit*d to Pf-cure circulation, which would be
a 10 per cent increase. But not bo nrn-h at
ter.tion has be*-n given to the fact that bonds
• mount to t2i."..53fi.17(». while national banks'
otpitil amounts to $O<A<KXt.O<JO, which fixes the
limits of the bank note circulation per
mitted. The r^fuiidlng plan provides for the
Us'ja ol new tutide to the amount of the pres
ent premium on outstanding bonds, which will
be svailable for deposit to secure additioual
cin-ulation. The additional profit afforded on
circulation by the new provisions. It Is be
lieved, will Invite bank note expansion to the
limit authorized unless the premium on the new
boniJ? becomes excessive. .
Th« breaking of the Stock Exchange week
by a hoi May had ?oiji' Influence in curtailing
activity in the pc-url ties' market. Profes
ti'T.ai speculator* are always disinclined to en
ter upon commitments when a period of eus
l*fc*ion of trading Is approaching, with po«
f!t;l!tp» of.eK-nts occurring which will ma
terially af>ct values. Hut this motive Is by
DO 'nft*ir.E frUfTir4*-rit to account for the per
f ,. (r , : ; ,iuUn<»s of the stock market In face
f* the favorabl*- business conditions » htch are
teSected in mil the news of the day. Increased
buftllKSi activity, f-xpaading Industrie*, a high
level if .arnings for railroad* and industrial
curpOTttotuL nl! rr.akfi for higher value* of «se
curitKw. Either th<? dividend return* are
assured of »:i increas*, "an in- the cape of
blocks, or in* payment t>t a fixed return Is
*ri*»ii additional tecurity. as in the case of
niururage lKin!s. But from other points of
\ i+v. ilif activity and pro«|j*rlty of general
Jride tn*sat* agitirifrt tai advance !a the price
'if Uie »ecui-ltHs. Tfi« demand ft>r monej- for
mercantile ukcb or for Inauguration of new »n
:«-pnep» fnrruache* on the suii»'u« reserves of
financial instiiutlons and leave* no accumula
tions of Idle fuiids, which ai< eaßcrly offered
Jor err>pi<jym«-r.t in speculation in necuritles. •
iijtsuecf t« itK lo&-i«-al conclusion, active
trade and Industrial development tend to «Ji«
courace «-v«-n l-iv»Etm<nt buying of necurltles.
ts wt-Ii us purely fpcculatlve buying. b»*ause
en aiUve inercantil- demand fur credits, by
IaiRIMK the intercM rates, roay attract the
trnr.sfer of funds from Rxci investment In *e
curitien ti »y In the money market.- That
vet vviint happened tti rur wcuriUea in foreign
rt'.^riftt- Itft spring, when our demand upon
'. or»i(rn money markets for settlement of our
favwable? trade balance ran up the interest
lates there. Meantime, t!ic plethora of Idle
capital here i^-eking »af« investment had run
I rice* of our high-grade securities to :vnpre<-e-d^nttd: vnpre<-e
d^nttd flfcur^s and fot-clsner* «ent them home
to rr.a..-ket by the millions and perhaps by the
hundreds of millions. Even this reducing ;
tr«-atm*rt failed to m-hoily relive the cor.ge«
tina of capital and the raturnaila of company
promotion, industrial combinations and'specu
lation In new «?ec"^ritle» Icliowed until the
The three active stocks on th- Bond Ex
change were Giant Powder, which sold at
$91 87%692 62%; Honokaa. which scld at $23 25
@28 62%. and Onomea. which : sold at $21320.
Otherwise there was nothing new.
The oil stocks. were quiet and unchanged.
The Geary Street, Park & Ocean Railroad
haa declared a dividend of 30 cents per share,
payable to-morrow.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Feb. 24—12 m.
-; ? Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 3% Z\
4s quar c0up. .114 — Mutual El Co. — 12%
is quar reg.... — ]14% O G L & H.... 46% —
4s quar new... — 136 I'ac Uas Imp.. &1 52 .
3s quar coup..HoU — Pac Light Co. 44 44%
Miscellaneous- ISFGtE..., W% 51%
Cal-st Cab 05.,117 — I San Francisco. 4% —
C C Wat 5s 106% — (Stockton Oaa.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65..1?J — " Insurance —
F&CI Ry 6a.. 115 — Flr-m's Fund. 226 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks —
HC & S 5%5.103 110 AnKlo-Cal Ltd. ««% —
H C & S 55. ..106% — . Bank of Ca1. .404 —
L A Ry 53....1C5 105% Cal S D & T. SWUIOO
LA L C,t as.. — — ll'lrst National.23'J 205
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P & A. ...133 —
Do gntd 55.. — 103 Merchants' Ex — 18
LA& P R ;s.IC2 103% Nev Nat 8k... — —
Market-«t 65... — — Savings Banks—
Do Ist m as. .US — Ger S * L....1750 1525
NCN G R 75.10« — Hum S & L... — —
NR of Cal 6«.113% — iMut Say 8k... 45 —
NJi of Cal 05.115 — S F Say V 505 —
NPC R R 88.103 — Say & L 50.... 74 78
N P C R R59.106 — Sec Say 8k.... — . —
NC R R 55. ..109 — Union T C 0.... — —
Oak GL&H 55. 11 l 113% l Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s...llllill2%jcallfornia US 120
Oak WCo as. .105 — j Ueary-st bo —
Oceanic SS CO.IOOU — Market-st Ry. — 62%
Orn CRy 65... — 123% OSL &. 11,... — 60
P & a Ry 65. .104% — 'Presidio 12% —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Ppwell-st Jl 6<?.119% — California 150 170
Sac LG& It Cs — 100 ! Giant Con Co.. 9l\ —
SF & SJV 55..115»i — Vlgorit 2 ?—
•i Ky of Cal 6a. — 109 j sugar StocKs—
S P of A 65. ..110% — iHana H P Co 8 BY*
SP C 6s(1905).100«i — IHawC&SCoSI —
S P C 6s (1308). 112 113 i Honokaa S Co. 28% M»i
SP C 65(1912). — — Hutch S P Co. 25 —
8P C Ist cgss. — — Kilauea S Co. 17% —
SPBr 6s 126 — Makaweli SCo 45 45%
S V Wat 55..116% — Onomea S Co. 25 25%
S V Wat 4s 104 — I Paauhau S Co 25 —
SV W 4s(3dm,»l<U — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65. .102% — Al Pack Assn.ll9Ail2O%
Water Stocks— Cal Frt Assn.. 99v»103
Contra Costa.. 7iH 75 Mer Ex Assn.. — 10"
Marln County. 50 — Oceanic S Co. 92% 93
Spring Valley. — — |Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric— I Pac C Bor C 0.144 145
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P... 4% I
Moraine Session.
Board—
¦25 Alaska Packers' Association 120 0O
110 Contra Costa Water 74 75
15 Giant Powder Con 92 12%
70 Giant Powder Con 92 50
50 Giant Powder Con 92 62%
5 Giant Powder Con 92 25
10 Giant Powder Con 91 87%
20 Giant Powder Con :.. 92 00
50 Hawaiian Com & Sugar s 90 78 Oft
90 Honokaa S Co 28 3.%
50 Honokaa S Co s 90 23 50
50 Honokaa S Co s 90 28 23
125 Honokaa S Co 2S 50
50 Honokaa S Co b 5 28 62%
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 2a 2o
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent b0nd5. ...105 00
15 Oceanic S Co 92 75
95 Onomea Sugar Co .' 24 50
50 Onomea Sugar Co 24 O<J
40 Onomea Sugar Co 24 75
10 Onomea Sugar Co 25 00
2<¥> Paauhau S P Co "25 25
10 Paauhau S P Co 25 50
100 PaauhßU S P Co 25 00
30 Spring Valley Water 97 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board—
50 Blue Goose 2o 00
100 Caribou b 5 95
300 Caribou 95
100 Home Oil 3 63
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — -
125 Barker Ranch 1 13
30*9 Anaconda 60
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
ic • ".' ¦• Morning Session.
100 Crown Point ... 10 700 Sierra Nevada. 37
100 Ophlr 54 100 Yellow Jacket.. 19
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
. Morning Session. ¦
300 Best & Belcher S.-.I VA Ophir ........... 54
200 Con Cal & Va..l 40l 200 Yellow Jacket.. 19
400 Crown Point.... 10 i 200 Yellow Jacket.. 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
SATURDAY. Feb. 24—12 m.
Bid.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03;Kentuek — 01
Alta — 07-Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 05 0« Mexican 19 21
Belcher 22 23 Occidental 11 14
Best & Belcher 34 35 Ophlr 53 64
Bullion 02 M Overman 10 12
Caledonia SS 31 Pot os l 24 2*
Chollar 18 20 Savage 11 '13
Challenge Con. 18 20 Scorpion — 02
Confidence — 75 Se< Belcher 01 03
Con Cal & Va..l 40 145 Sierra Nevada.. 37 3H
Con Imperial... — 02 Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 04 St Louis 09 —
Crown Point... 09 10 Standard 2702 75
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 03 —
Gould & Curry 14 15'Tnlon Con 23 24
Hale & Norc... 31 S2jt:tah W 11
Julia — 03; Yellow Jacket.. IS 13
Justice 05 .071
Charters.
The Charmer !oa£s coal at Taeoma for Hon
olulu; H. C. Wright, lumber at Taeoma for
Hsr.a; KUkila,t, lumber at Port Gamble for
Ho&olula: M. E. Smith, lumber et Port Lud-
Tr,w for Honolulu; Volunteer, lumber at Grays
Harbor for S&nta Rosalia: Wrestler, lumber at
Cbeniaicus lor Sydney, 46s 31.
Bank Clearings.
. local task clearings last week wer« $14,217.-
C 2?, against $13,056,4; a for the same week last
year.
Weather Report.
C2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.
SAN FRANCISCO?, Feb. 24—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the sam«.date
Za« 'reason, ar.3 rainfall in last twenty-four
fccurf :
La*t This Last
statiors — 14 hours, season, season.
Kurfka 0.00 3S.SS l>-92
It^d BlMtt f'.W l«-«5 13.13
eaTarnento 0.00 13.33 7.55
6s r. Francisco f. ri o 15.11 7.77
fre^o 0.00 6.20 3.58
:n.:er*nderc* -. 0.00 2.12 1.15
Sar. Luis Obifpo 0.00 12.57 7.15
ls>» Ar-peles 0.00 4.67 2.9S
Pan Diego 0.00 » 2.€4 3.73
Tuma «-"0 0.75 1.34
Fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€S rlfegrees; minimum, 55; mean, f9.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has ri«en elowly along the mast
of California. There has been a rapid fall in
Li~»ssure over the urr»t?r Missouri Valley. At
Tlavr<? there has b<?»--n a rise of 2S degrees in
tu-«?nty-four hours. The range of temperature
in the United States is well illustrated by the
loJlowir.g rnax'.mum temperatures: Bismark. 2 ,
decrees; Los ARgflef, *2 degrees. i
Light rain has fallen on the Pacific Coast j
fmca Kos«burc north.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
boar* endirs midnight. Feb. IS:
For N'Tth^m California— Fair Sunday, except
¦c-r i::y in northern portion and probably light
rain in rxtieme nonl.em portion; light north
<?i.!y winds.
Ft Southern California— Fair Sunday; light j
northerly winds.
For Nevada — Cloudy Fnndey.
For I 'tab — Cloudy Sunday.
For Arizona— Fair Sunday.
For Sin Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy. Sun
day; light northwesterly wind*. ..-
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
Forecast Official.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur ax
the city front (Mission-street wharf> about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Mexican dollars firmer. Silver a fraction higher. J
Wheat, Barley and other grains dtdl. * "
Rather more inquiry for Beans.
Hay and Feedstuffs continue inactive.
Continued free receipts of Potatoes from the north. - *
Vegetables plentiful and quiet.
Four or five cars of Eastern Poultry to arrive this week.
Butter moving off better at the decline.
Eggs accumulating and zveak. Cheese weak: and dull.
Fresh Fruits stand about the same. ! *
Nothing nczc in Dried Fruits. s ! ,j
Local dealers still cutting Hams. : - '*"*
Hides, Hops and Wool continue dull.
Hogs still firm and scarce. Other Meats unchanged.
Good trading in local securities. +
Bank clearings slww a gain for the zeeck*
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
200 United States Rubber 32%
United States Rubber prefd ..... 93
635 Western Union 83%
400 Republic Iron & Steel 22* i
Republic Iron A Steel prefd «7%
P C C & St Louis 70
223.100 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s rer 103 N V C lsts 110%
Do 3s reg l^^jN J C gen 55.. .....123
Do 3s c0up.........109»i1N Carolina Cs 127
Do new 4s reg 133 I Do 45.. ..lf>s
Do new 4s c0up,.13.t In Pacific 3s S6H
Do old 4s rer. ...116 Do 4s 103> 4
Do old 4s c0up.. .116 IN V C & St L 4a. .108
Do 5s reg 114 N& W con 4s 95%
Do Js coup .111 ' Do gen 6s 130
Dist of Col J.655...11S iOr Nay lsts.. 110
Atchison gen 45...100>*'.i Do 4s 101
Do adj 4s ?2%10r Short Line 65. .127%
Canada So 2ds 100*,! Do con 5s ...*III%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 9SU 'Reading gen 4s S5
, Do Js 119%!R G W lsts 97U
Chi & N con 75....141V5t L & I M con os.lll'i
Do S F deb 55... 120 jSfL & S X gen 65. 121
Chicago term 45... 92% St Paul cons I«7U
D & R G lsts 103% St P C & P 15t5. ..121
Do 4s. BSW Do 5s 120%
E T V & G lsts...-10l%jSo Railway Js 107%
Erie gen 4s. To>i! Stand R & T 65... 79
F W & D C lFts... 71%|Tenn new set 35... 85
Gen Electric 55. ...1 it? ,Tex & Pac 15t5. ...114
G H & S A 6s 107 Do 2ds 52%
D02d5....'. .107 |U Pacific 45. ...... .104%
H & . TC 5s 110 Wabash* 15t5.. .....116%
Do con Gs 112 Do 2ds 93
lowa Central lsts.. ll3%' West Shore 45......115%
KCP &. G lFts.... 72 Wls Central lsts... 80Vi
La new con 4s 106 Va Centuries 87
L& N uni 4s JSli Do deferred J
M X & T 2ds 65%;C010 So 45.... i 53%
Da 4s 9C»;IK Pacific 4s &3»i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Union I>and 2
Call loan 34® 44 i West End 92
Time loans 4?«g5 jWestlnghouse Elec 41%
Stocks— iWls Central IS
AT&SF 20«» Bonds—
A T & S F prefd... 62^'Atchlson 4s 9S'4
American Sugar llo'.ijN E Gas & Coks 6s "Hi
Am Sugar prefd. ..ll2 j Mining shares-
Boston & Albany. .243 Adventure 4^j
Boston Elevated... 119 Allouez Mng C 0.... 2^
Boston & Maine... 2oo Amalg Copper 91
OB* Q 122 '.Atlantic 23%
Dominion Coal Boston & Montaua.2<o
Doro Coal prefd US ;Butte & Boston 62.
Federal Steel n2?4|Calumet & Hecla..7Ss
Fed Steel prefd 78** > Centennial 18
Fltchburg prefd. ...l32<.i;Franklln 14%
Oen Electric 126'/ ;Oscealo ...173»i
Mexican Central... ll%iParrot 43?4
Mich Telephone 100 iQulncy 135
N E Gas & Coke... 19 Santa Fe Copper.. 6'.i
Old Colony 207 Tamarack ....190
Old Dominion 19% ' Utah Mining 29%
Rubber 32 IWlnona 3
Union Pacific 49% i Wolverines 40%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario 8 00
Crown Point P.*>;Ophlr 50
Con Cal & Va 1 4iii Plymouth 1U
Dead wood 50 Quicksilver 1 "h
Gould & Curry HiQuickeilver prefd.. 7 50
Hale & Norcross... 25\Slerra Nevada 3C
Homestake :.G0 Oil! Standard 2 £0
Iron Sliver ; 65|Unlun Con 2<l
Mexican 20lYellow Jacket ..... ' 16
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close;
Wheat No. 2—
February •••¦ •••• *4"»
May 66H "6H «6-.<, 66* i
July 67Y* 67-U 66% 66%
Corn No. 2— P'-vvG?
February 33,4
May « 35H 34<* 35H
July 3'>4 35' i S4T» 35U
Oats No. 2—. •:,.;*¦¦
May .' 23% 23*4 23' i 23%
July 22?s 22% 22U 22.i
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May ....10 75 10 77Vi 10 6.1 10 65
July 10 SO 10 80 10 70 10 70
Lard, r>er 100 lbs—
May 890 590 5 K4" 5 82^4
July. 5 9"i4 & 97V4 590 5 92^
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 5 S7',i 690 SSO 5 S2l*
July sS7'^ 590 5 Si'j 5 82^
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet;
patents. S3 50K3 70; winter straits. $3@3 40;
clears 12 80413 10: spring specials, »3 90: patents,
$3 20@3 SS: straits. $2 60<3:3: bakers', ?2^2 40; No.
3 spring wheat. 62»iSi64>-ic; No. 2 red. GBU@69V.ic:
No 2 corn. 33»4c; No. 2 oats. 22»; i 922T4c; No. 2
white. 25»i®Wic: No. 3 white 24».;<525%c; No. 2
rye. 54Hc; N0. .2 barley, 38@42c: No. 1 flax seed.
$1 €0; prime timothy seed, $2 50: mess pork, per
bbl $9 804? 10 70; lard, per ICO lb?, $5 6n@s 72%:
ehort-rib side? (loose). $5 70@6; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 6Vic; short clear sides (boxed),
$5 95ft605; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gal. $123H: sugars, cut loaf, 6.oac;. granulated,
5.49 c.
AUCTION SALES
NOTJICE!
GOVERNMENT SALE
POSTPONED
UNTIL. FURTHER NOTICE.
WATCH THIS ADVERTISEMENT FOR OAT
AND DATE OP SALE.
Sale consisting of 2000 Tents. ISOCO Curtains
and Neta: «000 Duck and Drill Mattress Covers;
WOO Sleeping Bogs: 6COO Pillows; 4mK> Shelter
Tents: SOO German Silver Ean.l Instruments.
Bass and Snare Drums; IDO Filters; 500 Gal-
vanized Water Buckets; s'X> Assorted Shovels.
etc.
Contractors. Klondlkers. resort keepers, camp-
em. hotels, steamboats, saflm.ikers. tent and
awning makers, attention called to this sale.
NEW YOUK AUCTION CO.. Auctioneers.
Barley, ctls 3.990.W001. bags 53
Oats, ctls 330' Bran. sks " 9.VJ
Butter, ctls 403 Middlings, sks .. 22ff
Cheese, ctls 'HiiHay. tons 258
Tallow, ctls 215; Hops, bags S
Quicksilver, flsks 104; Pelts. bndls 129
Leather, rolls 147 Ecsrs. doz 21.270
Hides, No 707,\Vlne. sals .... 71..350
Sugar, sks 400' ¦ ,-•• •
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 10.003 Potatoes, sks ... 4. SSI
Wheat, ctls 4.030 Onions, sks 931
Oats, ctls 33');
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— The Financier says
this week: The New York bank statement for
the week ending February 24 is marked by a
continuance of the upward movement in loans,
the expansion since the last previous statement
having been 511.035.9 W. This makes the total
increase since the opening of the year $71,766,
000, as compared with a rise of a little- over
$40,000,000 for the same period last year. Loans
now In fact are within $13,000,000 of the total
report on February IS a year ago, although they
are smaller by $45,000,000 than the maximum
record attained on March 4, 1539. The net de
posits are now $70,000,000 less than at this
time last year. ' The movement of surplus re
serves now is not different from that noted In
February, 1859. ' As the two chief factors In
swelling the available cash In New York banks
have beerc eliminated- In the stoppage of treas
ury deposits and the resumption of Interior de
mands, there seems no likelihood' of statements
of a different character for some time to come.
In other words, with the loan commitments
rising and money going out of the New York
banks as at present the surplus reserve will tin
subjected to a drain that will, reduce it to a
smaller fleure than now reported. But In
spite of this obvious process of liquidation of
excess funds money as yet shows little sign of
responding, rates being only nominally higher.
The heavy loan contracts may. have been made
In anticipation of a harder market later on.
During the week Just elapsed the banks lost
nearly three millions In cash to the treasury
and the interior. No detailed explanation can
be made of the cause of the continued rise in
loans. The stock market conditions hardly war
rant the repeated advances of $10,000,000 and
over per week. Commercial activity doubtless
has had more or less to do with It. A fact that
seemingly escapes attention Is the growing cir
culation of New York national banks. Since
January 1 the Increase here has been almost
two millions and the gain over last summer la
about four millions of dollars.
London Markets.
LONDON. Feb. 24.— Canadian Pacific, 101Vi:
Union Pacific preferred, • 77; Northern Pacific
preferred, T6*4; Atchison, 21H:- Grand Trunk,
$%; Anaconda. 9'i; Rand Mines, 36%. Bar sil
ver, steady. 27 7-16d per ounce.
New York Grain and Produce .
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— FI.OUR-pRecelpts,
27.477 barrels; exports, 20,009; dull and weaker.
Winter patents, S3 60®3 85; winter straits, |3 45®
3 55; Minnesota patent*. $3 80@4; winter extra*,
J2fiCfi2 90; Minnesota bakers', J2 90S3 05; winter
low grades, t2 "-W2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts. 81, MO bushels; exports,
55.S63 bushels. Spot— Steady; No. 2 red, 76hc
f. o, b. afloat in store; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
TSUc f. o. b: afloat: No. 2 red, 74Hc ele\-ator.
Options — Opened rather firm on much better
Liverpool cables than expected, but Immediately
encountered active short selling and foreign
offerings. This promoted a quick reaction and
Keneral heaviness again, which lasted all the
morning until near the close, when the market
rallied with corn and left off steady at un
changed prices.' March closed 74%c: May, 72'^
72 13-i6c, closed 72%c; July, 72-}i'§7; ! 5gc i closed
72 1 /4o: September, closed 72'4c.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1S0O
crop, «c; 1898 crop, 7®Sc; 1S99 crop, 12915c; p«
clflc Coast. 1S96 crop. 4!g6c; 1S98 crop, 7ig9c; 1*93
i fop. lZiglSc.
WOOlr— Steady; domestic fleece, 21QI6C;
T«xas. I."(gl7c.
HIDES— Firm: Oalveston. 20(523 pounds, IS^e:
Texas dry. 21S30 pounds, 15c; California, 21Q25
pounds. 21',jc.
COFFEE— The market for coff?<> options
closed barely steady at net unchang-d prices to
5 points decline. Total sales were 34, COO bags.
Including: March. $7 05; April. S7 05©7 10; May,
$7 1007 15; June. $7 15: August. $7 2.".; September,
J7 25"ff7 30: October, $7 40: November, $7 30; De
cember, $7 40®7 50; January, $7S5?f7 60. Spot
Coffee— Rio. steady: No. 1 Invoice, S%c: No. 7
invoice. S»4c: No. 7 Jobbins, 9',ic Mild— Steady;
Cordova. 9V>ftl4c. ' • '
SUGAR— Raw. quiet. Refined— Quiet; mold
A. 5.45c: standard A* 5c; confectioners' A, 5c;
cut loaf. 5.fi0c: "rushed, 5.60c; powdered, 5.30c;
grramilated,- -5.20c; cubes, B.35c.
HI "TTER— Receipts, 3855 packages. Market
steady; June creamery, 19'B22Vic; Western
creamery. 20tf?24c; factory, lC(Srl!»c.
PZGGS— Receipts, 10,555 packages; market
firmer; Weptern at mark, l<Uc; gouthern at
mark, 13'.4(firi4c. • • ¦
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. . Feb.' 24.— Evaporated apples
ruled quiet and steady at unchanged prices.
California dried frultp were fairly active and
steadier, but no changes In quotations .were re-
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
s«j«c; prime. 6Vi<gt>Vic; choice, ~\ic; fancy, 8
6 CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-S^£7c per
pound
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13O15c: Moorpark, 155718 c.
¦PEACHES— PeeIed, 184?-22c: unpeeled, "H's9c.
Associated Banks' Statement.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, February 21.
Stmr Pomona, Alexander, 61 hours from San
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, — hours from Coos
Bay and Portland, via Eureka 21 hours. '
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 34 houra fro> Crescent
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen. 15 hours from Green-
Stnir Geo Loomts, Bridgett. 34 hours from
Ventura. ' '
Stmr Sunol, Green. 90 hours from urays Har-
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, 34 hours from Port
Harford.
t«chr Amethyst, Zimmerman. 1 days from co
quille River.
CLEARED.
Saturday. February 24.
Stmr City of Puebla. Cousins. Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Sunr Pomona. Alexander. San Dieso; Good
all. 'P«rkln» & Co. ¦
Br stmr Victorious. Thompson. Suva (Fiji)
atad- Sydney for orders. ' •
Ship St Frances. Wlnn. Honolulu; Williams.
Dimond A Co. - - • ¦ •" .
Br bark Inverlochy, Milne, Queeastown; Bal
four. Guthri« A Co.
Schr Orient, Saunders. Honolulu ; W C Lowry
& V °" ¦ SAILED.
Saturday. February 24.
Stmr "Matteawan; Croscuo. Taeoma.
Stmr Bonita, Ntcolson. Pedro.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Albion. Ericsson.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclao.
Br bark Inverlyon. Crombie. Queenstown.
' Schr Free Trade. Thorsen.
Schr Maxim. Otsen.
Pchr Marion. Topfer. Taeoma.
gchr Nettle Sundbor*. Nelson.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 24. 10 p m— Weathe?
hazy; wind NW; velocity 10 mtles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per U S stmr Hancock— Feb 23. lat Z> N. lontr
124 30 W, passed a topmast of vessel with yards
attached and considerable other wreckage
BbOUt ' DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr HuinboJdt.
from Skasruay. -V
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 24— Bktn Newsboy,
from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 2t— Schr
Sailor Boy. henc« Feb 13.
Sailed Feb 24— Br stmr Elm Branch.
CASPAR— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr • Cleone. he*
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived JFeb 24— Schr
R GRAYs'H C ARBOR-Arrived Feb 23-Schr La
Gironde. from Redondo; echr John F Miller, ho
F FORT ROSS— Sailed Feb 24— Schr Mary C. for
Sa BOWENS fIC LANDING-Satled Feb 24-Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
TACOMA-Salled Feb 21-Schr J H Bruce, for
Sa pORT'HADLOCK-Arrived Feb 24-Schr Sail
or Boy. hence Feb 13. " j'.
CRESCENT CITY-Salled Feb 24 «t 4 D m—
Stmr Crescent City, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 2*— Stmr state et
California. henc« Feb 22; Per bark Francisco
T< EUREKA— Arrived Feb 24-Stmr Orizaba, he
r BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Feb 24-Schr
Archie and Fontie. for San Francisco.
PORT BUAKELEY- Arrived Feb 24-Schr Ra
peat. J"-ence Feb 14.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 24— Stmr Gaelic.tor
San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 23— Br stmr Goodwin, from Ta<»
Arrived Feb 24— Br sh!» Crornp
ton, hence Sept 1.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Fet> 24— Stmr
Feb 3)-Stmr Alllaaca, from
N GREENOCK- Arrived Feb 3-Br »hip Karoo,
Feb 2»-Br ship Spna*
"'^AMA-Amvrt Feb i-Btar Newport.
benc* Jan IS. 13— Stmr San Jose, from, Man
la QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 23-Ger Bb!i>
Carl, from Oregon.
VALP\RAISO-Arrlved Jan 17— O»r ttmr
Hathor. from Hamburg for San Francisco-
COLON— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Athos. for N<r*
YOKOHAMA-To sail Feb 21— Jao stmr Kln
shln Marti, for Seattle.
PANAMA— SaiIed Feb S— Stmr San Juan, for
Pan Jose de .Guatemala: stmr Aeasulco. for
"*HiI/>L.Arrived Jan 31— Schr O M Kellogg, fin
Tacoma Feb 10— Schr C T Hill, hence Jan 20.
Feb 11— Haw bark Andrew Welch, from Hono
luh:. OCEAN STEAMERS. J
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Doric, tax
Fan Francisco for Hongkong. |
NAPLES— SaiIed Feb 22— Stmr Werra. for
N^w York.
LIVBRPOOL— Sailed Feb 23— Strar Georgic.
f.ir New York: stmr I-ucanla. for New York.
IjOS DON— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Menomine*.
for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Goodwin,
from Tflcoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Feb 24— Stm-
Ohtnn. from San Franc'sco via Honolulu and
Yokohama.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Feb 24— Stmr New
York from Southamoton for New York.
ANTWERP— PaIIed Feb 24— Stmr Western
land, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr La Champagne,
for Ni»W York.
NF.W YORK-Sail-d Feb it- Stmr M«sab.V
for London; stmr SBaamdam. for Rotterdam;
stmr Campania, for Liverpool: stmr Phoenicia.
for Hambonr; utmr Mlcblffan. for London.
SUNDAY,' FEBRUARY 23,
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery, IS'JT'Sc; dairy, 15Mi
021 c. Cheese, firm, 12@13c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
13@l3»sc. ¦'.-;¦«• >:;>.:
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 52,000 44.000
Wheat bushels.. 38,000 31,000
Corn, bushels 418,000 213,000
Oats, bushels 255.000 192.000
Rye bushels. 9,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 91,000 13.000
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The established quotations still rule, with a
dull and featureless market.
BRAN— JI2SI3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J17520 per* ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26®27; jobbing,
r>7 50>ff2S; Cocoanut Cake. $20ff21; Corn Meal.
»23@2350; Cracked Corn. $23 50324; Mixed Feed.
$15 60: Cottonseed Meal. $2S per ton.
H VT — Wheat, $6 oOgs 50 for common to eood
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $3 SO<3S 50;
Oat, $6®B; Barley, $5^7; Alfalfa, $657 50 per
ton.
STRAW-!3@4oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are showing rather more firmness, es
pecially for large white, but prices remain un
changed.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 25®3 35; small White, $3 20
@3 35; largs White, $2 90@3 10; Pinks. $3 50<JJ
2 S5; Reds $3 0&; Blackeye, $4 60; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 15®3 «; Pea, ?3 20@3 40; Red
Kidneys. »3 50©4. :. P)
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary.
.i^c per lb for California and 4e for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 8®10c: Rape. 2&@3c; Hemp. 4@4Vic;
Timothy, 4® 4Me
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50<21 90; Green, $1 75
@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Continued large receipts from the north keep
Potatoes dull, but' there Is no further 'decline.
Onions are steady.
The Vegetable, market is well supplied and
weak as a rule.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 85®95c: River Reds.
7Of^7sc: Burbunks. 50@75c per sack: Oregon
Burbanks, 75c(g$l 10: Sweet Potatoes, $1 75(g2 for
Merced: New Potatoes, 3<34c.
ONIO.VS-$1 75@2 15 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbert, 50c<5$l
per dozen; Rhubarb, s(§Sc per lb: Asparagus, 8
(Sl7^c; Green Peas, ltt@4c per lb for Los An
geles ana 3'*<g'sc for Alameda; String Beans, 4@
8c: Cabbage, 40<ff50c; Los Angeles Tomatoes. 50u
<311 23: Egg Plant from Los Angeles. B@l2 l ie:
Dried Okra, 12M.C per lb; Garlic. sc; Green
Peppers from Los Angeles, 8c; Dried Pep
pers, 8®10c: Carrots. 30<g40c per sack: Los An
geles Summer Squash, $I@l 25 per box.
Poultry and Game.
At least four or five cars of Eastern are an
nour-ced for the coming week. Game stands
about tha same.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9©llc for Gobblers
and ll@l2»*c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 12®
He; Geese "per pair, $1 7o«2: Goslings, $1 75@2;
Ducks, $4©5 for old and $4@5 for young; Hens,
4 50®5 50; Young Roosters. $6@6 50: Old Roo/t
ers $4 st>@s; Fryers, $5 EO<o6; Broilers, $s@j 50
for large and $3 50(34 50 for small; Pigeons,
$125i8150 per doien for old and $2'g2 50 for
?JAME— Quail. $1 Eo#l 75; Mallard, $3®s:' Can
vasbackß. $1 60(&4 50; Sprig. $1 50(g2; Teal, $1 s|)@
175- Widgeon. $1 25@1 50; Small Duck, 75c®$l;
Hare, SIUil 25; Rabbits, $l(gl 50; Gray Geese,
$2<33: White. $125: Brant. $1 50g2; Honkers,
$4- English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe,
$1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The decline In Butter has helped the market,
and quite a line goes north by to-day's steamer.
Dairy goods are also moving oft better for lo-
Cheese continues plentiful and weak. <
The depression in Eggs continues, receipts be
ing heavy and stocks large. Some ttore Eggs
were reported offered as low as lOVic yesterday.
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 22c: seconds,
20<$f21c
" Dairy— Fancy, lS<Bl9c: good to choice, 16H<3
17'tc; common, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9#9«Jc; old. Slic:
Young America, 10@10V4c; Eastern. 15Vs®16c;
Western, 13«4@15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 12@12%c for store and 13®
14c per dozen for ranch. Eastern are nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Mexican Limes are getting scarce again, and
are firm In consequence, though prices are un
changed. Lemons and Oranges are steady and
unchanged. Supplies of Apples are steadily
dwindling.
Watsonvllle Strawberries brought $3@t> per
chest.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—3OiS6Oc per box for common. 75cg$l
for go,od to choice, and $1 25@1 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 60(52 50
per box; Seedlings. 75c<3$l 60; Pomelos. 75c@
$2 SO; Lemons, $I©l 50 for common and *2<g2 50
for good to choice: Mexican Limes. $5<55 50: Cal
ifornia Limes, 25® 50c; Bananas. $1 20@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 CO® 4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market continues dead. There Is some
talk of more firmness 'in Prunes, but It does
not seem to amount to much.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks, 4He for
40-50*s, 4S4&C for 5»-60's, 3He for 60-70"s, 3»4c
for 70-80's, Sc for SO-90's and 2»4c for 90-100's;
Apricots, ll@l3c for Royals, 12>4@16c for Moor
parks and 12©14 c for Blenheims; Peaches. 549
6e for Standards, 64@6%c for choice and 7©?e
for fancy: Peeled Peaches, 10@12V4c; Evapo
rated Apples, 6«g7c: Sun-dried. 5®5%c per lb:
Nectarines, B®sc; Pears, 3H@4Hc for dark and
719:8 c for bright halves: Black Figs. 2®2Hc;
White Figs. 2@3c: Bleached Plums, S@9c; Un
bleached Plums, 7O7i*e for pitted and l^o for
unpltted."
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c: choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, BV4c: choice, 7Hc; standard. 6^c;
prime. 6c; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, sc: 2-crown; loose muscatels. 54c;
3-crown, 6*% c; 4-erown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $160 per box: 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, SigOc: Walnuts, St?9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshell; Almonds,
im@l2c for paper shell, 9®loc for soft and 4@
6c for hardshell: Peanuts. s%E6*ie for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts, 7H@Bc; Fil
berts 12@12Hc: Pecans, 11S13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
05.
HONEY— Comb, ll^@l2c for bright and 10H@
110 for light amber: water white extracted.
l\c; light amber extracted, 7Vi©7&c; dark, 5H©
6c i^r lb. ' -.;-• - •
BEESWAX— 24@2Bc per lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing n<m. Dealers are still cut
ting Hambs.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9*ie per lb for
heavy, 10c for light' medium, lie for ltsht, 12c
for extra light and-13Hc for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. lSjglS^c: California,
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. Jl2 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13: Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 SO;
extra clear, $17; Mess. $16; smoked Beef, lie
yer lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at fi*if?7c per lb for
compound and Sc.for pure; half-barrels, pure.
sy*c: io-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7Ti®BHc per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9ttc t ;•;.<:. l '
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under this head 'are dull and
featureless.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
10491 IVic: Medium. 94®104e: light. 9Vjc;
Cowhides. 9V4o«tfe: Stags. 7c: Salted Kip, !»HO
10',ic: Calf, BV4@loc; Dry Hides, sound. ISc;
culls and brands. 15igl6c; Dry Kip and Veal.
17c- Dry Calf. I!>®2oc: Sheepskins, yearlings. 15
©30c each: short Wool. S.Vj?3Oc each; medium
TOSrSOe* long Wool. $l<iJl SO each; Horse Hides,
$2 25@3 for large and $1 23@2 for small; Colts.
2i f \LLOW— No. 1 rendered. Rustic per lb; No.
£ 4(34Vie: refined, 6i*c; grease, 24@3c.
Fall clip San Joaquln plains, 9<g:ioc: South
ern gffllOc: Middle County. ll®13c: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 17020 c: Eastern Oregon. 13©
lfie* Valley Oregon, 18@2rtc; Northern Mountain,
free, 1K314C; Northern Mountain, defective, io<tf
lie per 1b- ¦
HOPS— 7<fflle per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs were scarce all the week, and brought
full prices without difficulty. Other descrip
tions remain as before.
BEEF 6Hff"Uc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— S(g 10c per lb.
• -MUTTON— Wethers. S(gBHc: ewes. 74c per lb.
LAMTJ— Spring. 124e: yearlings. 9PWc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for small and medium
and &'S l Ss}ic for large; stock Hogs and feed
ers E>i<&'sHc; dressed Hogs. lsSy s c.
General Merchandise.
B VG5— San '. Quentln .Bags, IS 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6K»64c; Wool . Bags, 2SH««Hc;
Ffece Twine. 74c.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; new Welling
ton IS; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; , Seattle,
|7; Bryant, $7: Coos Bay, $5 i 0; Wallsend, JS;
Co-operative Wellsend.- $$: Scotch. ; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 50 In sacks;-Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Cannel. $11 per
ton- Coke, (15 per ton In bulk and $17. 1n sacks.
¦ 6UGAR— The Western Sugar. Kettnlne Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, Mic; Pow
dered.' b%c; Candy Granulated, t^c; Dry Gran
ulated. 64c: Confectioners' A. &V»e; Magnolia.
A 4iic Extra C.4Sc: Golden C. 44c; barrels,
l-16c more: half-barrels, Vie more; boxes. 4c
more; SO-lb bags, He more. No orders taken
for lers than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Doml-
Domlnos, half-barrels, 6"4c;- boxes, *4c per Ib.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, • FEBRUARY 24.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 9.0P0 1 Beans." sks ........ 71
Wheat, ctls 2,92o l Potatoes, eks .... 2,236
junct to corn and was helped a little by the
cessation of sellings by longs, who had re
cently unloaded a considerable amount. May
closed a shade up at 23U<3 1 23 ! )ic.
Provisions were dull : and . generally heavy,
closing at the bottom. There was considerable
liquidation, shorts and packers buying moder
ately. May work clos?d 7H?'loc under yester
day May lard 74c down and May ribs 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Time Ball.
Eranch Hy£rc*raph!c Office. T.'. S. N.. Jter
phunts" F-»ch»««e, San Francisco, Cal..
February 21. 13001.
The time Bail on the tower of the n?w J>rry
building was dropped at exactly nocn n-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 12*? th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S N.. In chare*.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the tarly mornlnr tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second tlm<» column gives the second tide of
the day. tha third time column the third tldis
and the last or right hand column gives th*
last tide of th« day. except when thera ar« hut
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th« heights
riven are in addition to the soundincs on tha
United State* Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes tha height,
and then th« number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening •• 5 84 5 SH • 5 84
Closing
PARIS.
Wheat— . Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 19 90 20 85'
Closing •
Flour—
Opening *5 75 26 90
Closing • • ,
Chicago Livestock Market.
.CHICAGO, Feb. ' 21.— CATTLE— Nominally
steady; no fancy cattle on sale. Good to choice,
$5©3 90: poor to medium, |4@4 80; mixed stock
ers, ?3 So@4 15; selected feeders, %\ 25@4 75; good
to choice cow*. $3 4034 25; heifers, $3 25@4 50;
canners. 12 2015 2 90: bull!-, 12 5C@4 15; calves, $5®
8; fed Texas beeves, $3 30® 4 90.
HOGS— Opened steady, closed weak and
lower; top, $4 95: fair clearance. Mixed and
butchers. '{4 75*34 95: good heavy, $4 So@4 ?5;
rough heavy, $4 65® 4 75; light, $4 53® 4 85; bulk
of sales. $4 70<£4 87H- .
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs, steady; native
wethers $5!&5 80; Western wethers, {5® 5 75: na
tive lambs, 1507 25: Western lambs. $6'?7 05.
Receipts to-day— Cattle," 200; hogs, 20,000:
sheep 30<V>. Receipts for week— Cattle, 52,000;
hogs, 'lSs, 9oo; 6heep, 55.600.
Foreign Markets. ' ¦
LONDON, Feb. 24.— Consols, 10H4; Silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes, 10U 12% c. Wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes
on passage, easier, but In some request; cargoes
No 5 standard California. 29s 9d.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 24. — WHEAT — Dull ;
Wheat in Paris, weak: flour in Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 3-16 d.
•CLOSING.'. ,
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 24.— WHEAT— Spot No. 1
Northern spring, dull. 6s Hd; No. 2 red Western
winter and No. 1 California, no stocks. Futures
Closed quiet: February, nominal; March, us
SHd: May, 5s B%d; July, 5s S4d.
CORN — Spot, firm: American new, 3s 84d;
old 3s SV4d. Futures — Steady; February, nom
inal: March. 3s 7»id; May. 3s 7«id.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 7s Sd.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), dull, £3 5s
@£3 15s. • ...
Imports and Exports at V^ewYo-k.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— The imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New York
for this week were valued at $11,684,073. Exports
of gold and silver from this port to all. coun
tries for this week aggregate $1,092,975 in sil
ver bars and coin and $274,751 in gold. Imports
of specie this week were $32, US gold and $93,450
silver. < t <, -
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $295,256,550; gold reserve,
$226,305,406.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— The brokers* price for
lead is $4 45 and for copper $16 23.
Wcol A> rivals at London.
LONDON, Feb. 24.— The arrivals of wool for
the next series of auction sales amount to 240,
452 bales, including 82,500 forwarded direct.
The imports of wool during the T^eek were:
New South Wales, 19.951; Victoria. 17.479: South
Australia, 10,469; New Zealand, 13,061: Cape of
Good Hope and Natal, 597; sundries, 2278.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 24.— Clearings, $339,973;
balances, $140,353.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
POP.TLAND, Or.. Feb. 24.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, ES(gs4e: valley, S3c; blue stem. BBSiS.
Cleared— British steamer St. Irene for the
Orient with 44.735 barrels of flour. 3340 bushels
wheat and 15C0 tons cotton, paper, beer and
lUmber - . WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 24.— N0 change in
wheat. Club, 52c; blue stem, 54c.
TO SAIL
31
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 24. —The wheat market was
email and dull wrttr most of the-buslness In the
hands of scalpers. May opened HSUc o\-er yes
terday, because Liverpool was only slightly
lower In the face of the slump on this Hide yes
terday. From inttl*! figures, 66*»@SG4o, May
advanced u> .66y4@6SHe and then slumped to
66V*c, depressed by profit taking and then lack
of demand. Foreigners were sellers and the de
mand . was .mostly from . shorts. After a brief
period of steadiness at the decline some, long
wheat came out, principally because Liverpool
explained that . the I steadiness there was due
to a better demand from the country, and . be
cause bearish etatUtlcs were expected Monday,
and. the markets turned heavy. May closed »«c
under yesterday at GCc. . ........
Corn was weak with' wheat, but reacted, clos
ing firmer-wlth small country offerings and the
liberal clearances. . May closed firm, ftc over
yesterday, at 35®35Hc. ' •'.'...
The oßts market was as usual a small' ad-
ARE YOU
PLAYING SUGAR?
We can and will give you ready advice re-
garding ihl* stock which if acted upon will
rcake racney. •;
9END US YOUR NAME
W* will do the rest.
' * TO CODfi. HOLDERS—
HANDICAP SUGAR.
JNO. H. KIMBALL & CO.,
CO BROADWAY. NEW YORK.
Steamer. I From. 1 Due.
1
Navarro ]Humboldt |Fet>. 25
Cooa Day Newport.: : ;..|Feb. J«
queen Victoria * Puget Sound Feb. H
Drizaha Humboldt. Feb. 2«
Robt AdamsonlNanaimo Feb. 28
Ruth Coos Bay JFeb. M
A Blanchard.. Coos 8ay....' )K»b. 28
Benmnhr Oyster Harbor iFeb. 2>J
Crescent City.. Crescent City 'Feb. W
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Feb. 27
Auktralla Honolulu Feb. 27
Ltander |Kctchlnotzu Feb. 27
Arcatu (Coos 8ay..... Feb. 27
Tillamook |Tillamook Bay Feb. 27
Wellington Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
Bamoa. |Humboldt |Feb. 27
forona iSan I)I»ko (Feb. It
Pan Pedro |Humbnldt |Feb. 2S
Kmplre 'Coos Bay |Feb. 2%
State of Ca1.... I Portland iMar. 1
O.arina [Puget Sound Mar. 1
Mackinaw- jSeattle |Mar. I
Nation*! Clty..j(sra.v» Harl>or jMar. 1
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 1
Acapulco |Panamn Mar. .2
Bonita [Newport Mar. 2
Coraeao Mexico Mar. 2
Progreso (Tacoma Mar. 2
Washtenaw ....JTacnma |Mar. 2
North Fork Humboldt |>lar. 3
Walla Walla... Victoria & Pucet Pound Mur. 3
Pomona San Pie«o. (Mar. 4
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
City Puebl«|Vlc A Prt Sd. Feb. 23. 10am|Pler 9
Homer |Ore*on Perts.jF«b. !•>. 10 am|Pler 2"»
Aloh* jCre«centClty.|Feb. 23. ' S'pm[Pler 2
Pomona .:.|San I>i«RG.*....iF«i». z«». 11 amiPler li
North Forklllumholdt (Feb. ?«. • am! Pier Z
A Blanch' dlCoos Bay (Feb. 26. 5 pm|Pler 13
Coptic |Chlna&JapanjFeb. 27. l pmiPMSs
rv.lumhla ..IPortlan^ JFeh. V.. I<V aml Pier 21
Xewburg ..|Gra>» Harbcr Feb. 27. S pm|..;.,v.;
Coos lJay...;Newport Feb. W. »am Pier II
Peru IPanama Feb. 28, 12 miPSISS
Orixaba jllumboldt Feb. li, 2pm Pier J
Samoa Ilumboldt..... Mar. 1. 10 am Pier 13
Queen Vie A P*t Pd. Mar. 2. Warn Pier 9
Corona .....|San Dlero Mar. 2. 11 am Pier 11
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Mar. 2. ..:.-.. ...".....
Arcata .' (Coos Bay |Mar. 2. 10 am Pier 13
Bonlta .....iSan Pedro..... Mar. 3. 9am P'.er 11
Pt Arenas Point Arena. .|Mar. %, 2pm Pier 2
State of Cal|Portland......lMar. 4, iaam|Pler U
sun rises
Bun B*ts
Moon rls«i ". .'
S:3S ».
.«:»7
.5:5»
. m.
O ITlnwf |Tttn*| ITtmej
• | Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 I
? jL. WJ |H Wl 1L Xf\
Ft. fc 1
Ft.
U ... 0:I« S.J «:03 8.3 1:31
XX. ... 1:28 3.1 7:1? 5.4 2:24 -
it ... t:X 2.3 8:25 6.( 3.U -
!7 ... 3:23 2.4 »:» 5.7! 3:3« k -
>S ... ' 4:12 1.8110:25! 6.»| 4:33-
1 ... 6:001 l.Jj ll::0| 5.7 5:221
3 ... 5:50' O.»] 12:15 5.5; «:Ol|
hwl ;l w ;h; h wl
3 ... 0:33! 5.S' 6:38 o.B| till]
0.2; S:s2'
-0.1 l 9:35
-0.2! 13:13|
-0.1! l£>:soi
-0.1 l U:Mi
0.41 U:J3 -
0.9: 1
it. w
5.8' «:4l ;
4.2
4>
4.)
5.1
.VI
5.5
¦ 1.1
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
City Puebl«|Vlc A Prt Sd. Feb. 23. 10am|Pler 9
Homer |Ore*on Perts.jF«b. !•>. 10 am|Pler 2"»
Aloh* jCre«centClty.|Feb. 23. ' S'pm[Pler 2
Pomona .:.|San I>i«RG.*....iF«i». z«». 11 amiPler li
North Forklllumholdt (Feb. ?«. • am! Pier Z
A Blanch' dlCoos Bay (Feb. 26. 5 pm|Pler 13
Coptic |Chlna&JapanjFeb. 27. l pmiPMSs
rv.lumhla ..IPortlan^ JFeh. V.. I<V aml Pier 21
Xewburg ..|Gra>» Harbcr Feb. 27. S pm|..;.,v.;
Coos lJay...;Newport Feb. W. »am Pier II
Peru IPanama Feb. 28, 12 miPSISS
Orixaba jllumboldt Feb. li, 2pm Pier J
Samoa Ilumboldt..... Mar. 1. 10 am Pier 13
Queen Vie A P*t Pd. Mar. 2. Warn Pier 9
Corona .....|San Dlero Mar. 2. 11 am Pier 11
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Mar. 2. ..:.-.. ...".....
Arcata .' (Coos Bay |Mar. 2. 10 am Pier 13
Bonlta .....iSan Pedro..... Mar. 3. 9am P'.er 11
Pt Arenas Point Arena. .|Mar. %, 2pm Pier 2
State of Cal|Portland......lMar. 4, iaam|Pler U
Steamer. I From. 1 Due.
1
Navarro ]Humboldt |Fet>. 25
Cooa Day Newport.: : ;..|Feb. J«
queen Victoria * Puget Sound Feb. H
Drizaha Humboldt. Feb. 2«
Robt AdamsonlNanaimo Feb. 28
Ruth Coos Bay JFeb. M
A Blanchard.. Coos 8ay....' )K»b. 28
Benmnhr Oyster Harbor iFeb. 2>J
Crescent City.. Crescent City 'Feb. W
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Feb. 27
Auktralla Honolulu Feb. 27
Ltander |Kctchlnotzu Feb. 27
Arcatu (Coos 8ay..... Feb. 27
Tillamook |Tillamook Bay Feb. 27
Wellington Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
Bamoa. |Humboldt |Feb. 27
forona iSan I)I»ko (Feb. It
Pan Pedro |Humbnldt |Feb. 2S
Kmplre 'Coos Bay |Feb. 2%
State of Ca1.... I Portland iMar. 1
O.arina [Puget Sound Mar. 1
Mackinaw- jSeattle |Mar. I
Nation*! Clty..j(sra.v» Harl>or jMar. 1
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 1
Acapulco |Panamn Mar. .2
Bonita [Newport Mar. 2
Coraeao Mexico Mar. 2
Progreso (Tacoma Mar. 2
Washtenaw ....JTacnma |Mar. 2
North Fork Humboldt |>lar. 3
Walla Walla... Victoria & Pucet Pound Mur. 3
Pomona San Pie«o. (Mar. 4
sun rises
Bun B*ts
Moon rls«i ". .'
S:3S ».
.«:»7
.5:5»
. m.
O ITlnwf |Tttn*| ITtmej
• | Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 I
? jL. WJ |H Wl 1L Xf\
Ft. fc 1
Ft.
U ... 0:I« S.J «:03 8.3 1:31
XX. ... 1:28 3.1 7:1? 5.4 2:24 -
it ... t:X 2.3 8:25 6.( 3.U -
!7 ... 3:23 2.4 »:» 5.7! 3:3« k -
>S ... ' 4:12 1.8110:25! 6.»| 4:33-
1 ... 6:001 l.Jj ll::0| 5.7 5:221
3 ... 5:50' O.»] 12:15 5.5; «:Ol|
hwl ;l w ;h; h wl
3 ... 0:33! 5.S' 6:38 o.B| till]
0.2; S:s2'
-0.1 l 9:35
-0.2! 13:13|
-0.1! l£>:soi
-0.1 l U:Mi
0.41 U:J3 -
0.9: 1
it. w
5.8' «:4l ;
4.2
4>
4.)
5.1
.VI
5.5
¦ 1.1Morning— "At Thy Command." Evening—
"A Despised Birthright," with prelude by
Major Gilbert, U. S. A.
Mornlnß— "Worship and Preaching." Even
ing—'"Corn Fields.". • . '¦.
Morning — Rev. E. P. Dempmy will preach
at 11 o'clock mans. Afternoon — League of
the Cross will renew pledges at 3 o'clock.
. Evening— Rev. J. B. llanj-lgan will preach
after vespers. . » ¦
Morning— Mass at 11 o'clocM; sermon by one
of the Fathers. Afternc i in— Consecration
ceremonies; sermon by Itev. Father' Mc-
Gough. Evening— Sermon and vespers.
Morning — Forty hours' ' df'votton; solemn
high mass at 10:30: sermon by Rev. Father
Woods. Evening — Special' music: sermon
by Rev. Father Calzla and solemn bene
diction.
Mcrnlng— Sermon by one o{ the Fathers at
the 11 o'clock mass. Evening — Sermon and
vespers. <
Merning— "Two Johns." ; Evening— "The
Kingdom of the Cross." ;•
Morning— "God Our Father Reveals
Through Christ." Evening— "love for
Ones Neighbor, and Is He?"
Mcrnlng— "ls God Limited." Evening-
Christian Endeavor rally and installation.
Morning— Special music and sermon. ¦ Af
ternoon — Same. - '
Morning— Preaching by the rector. Evening
—Same. . .
Morning— "God's Pftn and Our Possibili
ties." Evening— "The Pre-eminent Meet
ing." ,
Morning — Music and sermon by the pastor.
Evening— Evangelistic service with evan- "
Rellstlc music; topic, "The Great Surren
der."
Morning— "Cold-hearted Service." • Even
ing—"Cold-heartod Seeking."
Morning— "Cornelius Our Spiritual - Ances
tor." Evening— Mr. Shepard will lecture
on "Washington and the ' Genius of the
American People." - ,•
Morning— "Eternity in the H'-arL" Even
ing—"The Richest Gold Mine in the
World.";. • . .
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening —
"Esau's -Choice."
Morning — '.'Via- Crucis." • Evening I—"Wash-1 — "Wash--
Flr*t Baptist, •T. M. C. A. Auditorium.
Mason and Hills streets— Rev. K. A.
¦\Voods.
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near
Stelner— Rev. XV. C. Jenkins.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
— O'Farrell etreet— Rev. Father Trendersast,
V. G. ;. .
St. Francis', . Vallejo street and Montgom
ery avenue— Rev. T. Caraher. ¦•
St. Ignatius, Hayes street and Van Nees
avenue— Jesuit ¦ Fathers.
Ft. Marr's. Dupont and California streets —
Paullst Fathers. v - -
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
etreets— Hev H. T. Shepard. .
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
ton streets— Key. George C. Adams.
Richmond Congregationnl, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street— Rev. . Philip
. Coombe.
Trinity, corner Bush and Gouch streets —
, Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D.D.
, St. lake's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
ttreet— Rev. D. C. Garrett.
First United Presbyterian, corner GoSden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. 11.
Bell.
Calvary" Presbyterian, corner Geary and
Powell streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets— Rev. E. 11. A very.
Franklin Presbyterian, corner Franklin . and
Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
. Stewurt Memorial. Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. \V. E. Dugan.
First Presbyterian, corner -.Van Ness - ave
nue and Sacramento street — Rev.'- Robert
Mackenzie. . ¦
First English Lutheran, 1319 Geary street-
Rev. Dr." Nelander.
From out of all the experience
of the past generations, coupled
with the newest knowledge and
latest facilities, has come the
KEGISTERED.
The New Shoe for Women,
Which aiways look well, fit well,
wear well and give perfect satis-
faction. Thirty-five styles. Widths
AAA to EE. Sizes 2to 9.
All at 4»Q f»A Per
One Price $^J%<3\J Pair.
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
50 THIRD STREET,
Second Shoe Store Below Market. *
EAX FRANCISCO.
Tr+* Booklet of Sprier Ety>« for the
AfUc*.
J. Jamison. W. H. Stanlels, O. U Davis, F.
P. Sherman, R. 11. Morse, B. F. Clarke. H.
HerrinKton. L. H. Hoffman, D. D. LuKtig. O.
P. Holmberg, Benjamin Davis, Charles Bergold.
E. Lunstedt Isidore Jacobs, Charles H. Smith,
J L. Herget J. W. Lewis, Charles W. Decker,
P. Christenjen. A. Dalton Jr., E. "\V. Joy. W.
Dolan. A. E. Vizard, N. E. Llnd. H. Hut-
BChmidt T. S. Allison. W. E. Ingram, J. G.
Gallagher, W. 11. Milton, A. Klumpp, Harry
Lachman, Frank Jones. E. W. Duffy, C. R.
Jl<?v*rln. G. 11. Falrehlld, Henry Brunner. M.
Llebert, J P Dockery, O. L. Blackman, A. L.
Frledlander Frank W. Marston. H. S. Man
ning, Colonel Charles Murphy, William Mooser.
H. A. Kuchmeister. T. E. Morrisaey, S. J.
Blumenthal, W. D. Shea, Charles A. Bolde
mann. J. E. Burses. C. F. Decoin*. J. T. Cava
naugh E. V. Kleury, E. H.Foloom, E. Gau
thier Jr., Emile Gauthier. E. Myron Wolf, J.
Ij Hobro F S. Hobro, M. A. Ephralm, T. F.
Kllleen, E. C. Laws. L.. V. Navlet, F. C. New
ton. W. W. Shannon, Henry Seekamp. George
N. Van Ordcn, J. A. Stelnbach. H. Kaiser. M.
Franck. W. Yost, G. Fonge, George P. Bald
win F. M. Falrehlld, R. L. Mann, F. A. For
ner. G. H. Umbsen. John Butterworth. M.
Orf, Louts T. Jacobs, Newman Conn. E. A.
Jaujou, E. C. Aniedle, L. Boudln, W. J. Good
win, M. McLauchlin.
After a most toothsome menu had been
partaken of the toastrraster called, upon
Ix>uls Lacaze. who responded to "Cali
fornia Parlor" and told of the rise and
progress of the parlor. Grand President
Frank Matteson responded to "Tho Or
der" and he was followed by the Gover
nor, who responded to "California," and
in the course of his remarks, read from
manuscript, he paid a high compliment to
the Native Sons. Grand Trustee M. F.
Dooling. Superior Judge of Monterey
County, in a most eloquent speech re
sponded to "Tho Pioneers." Then Mer
ton C. Allen responded to "The Press."
after which Lewi3 F. Byington, the grand
orator, sang the praises of "The Golden
Anniversary of California." Isldor Ja
cobs spoke 0* "Fellowship"; Grand Sec-
LAST WEEK
¦ ¦ ¦¦ • *y.\'
OF
FRFFDIHAN BROS N V
We are very grateful for the IMMENSE
PATRONAGE during trje past 3 weeKs.
Our patroQS have ta^en advaQtage of
tbe UNPARALLELED BARGAINS that we
r)ave given then).
For the Closing Week We Shall Offer:
50 ODD SIZES in JACKETS, 2% Black and Navy CHEVIOT
worth from $4^o to $10, at AND SERGE SUITS, some
Si HJ| silk lined throughout jacket
liUlJi anc * s^ Srt ' va^ ue 2^ t0
I^o BLACK SERGE SKIRTS, aja
value $2, at oOn grjjj i/ M £
uOOi
co Navy Blue All- Wool KER-
7? TAN KERSEY JACKETS. SEY JACKETS, NEW CUT,
very latest cut, splendid silk , ined value $T , at
value at $$ t at
Blue. Black and Green *".'"«, o-, f „
CHEVIOT SUITS, with Io ° Ladies Sllk « Nsar Silk
plaited skirts, real value a" d Mercerized PETTI-
SIO, at COATS at just
¦•• • 9 0 0 9 9 -9. -9- • 9* 0 •••••••• 0 0 •¦
P fllflpn r otp rifiQlr uuil Hmw
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BURIALS IN
CITY LIMITS
MUST CEASE
Joint Committee So
Decides.
WILL RECOMMEND. AN ORDER
TIME LIMIT TO BE FIXED AT
AUGUST 1, 1901.
Representatives of the Cemeteries and
Improvement Clubs Present Argu
ments — Measure Will Now Go
to Supervisors.
At a joint meeting of the Judiciary, Hos
pital and Health Committees of the Board
of Supervisors yesterday afternoon it was
decided to recommend for passage an or
dinance prohibiting burials '; within the
limits of the city and county of San Fran
cisco and . the time for -the ordinance to
go Into full force and effect was fixed
at August 1, 1901. The recommendation
was not unanimous, however, and when
the vote was taken Chairman d'Ancona
and Supervisors Comte and Brandensteln
voted in favor of the measure, while Su
pervisors Boxton and Tobin asked to be
excused until they had debated the mat
ter in their own minds. Tobin stated that
he might afllx his signature when the re
port of the committee had been fully pre
pared.
In moving for the adoption of the order
Comte stated that he was absolutely con
vinced of the unsanitary conditions caused
by the cemeteries and when the charter
of ISSO was framed Dr. Elllnwood had
held that the germs from the burial places
were the direct cause of numerous zymotic
diseases. Brandenstein seconded Comte's
motion. . *
In order to avoid the possibility of the
succeeding board rescinding the commit
tee's action the date when burials shall
ceaso was changed from January 1, 1902,
to August 1, 1901.
The petitions of the Western Addition
Improvement Club, the Federated Mission
Clubs and other organizations to. prohibit
the burials provoked a long discussion. In
which representatives of the clubs and of
the Odd Fellows'. Laurel Hill and Masonic
cemeteries associations took part.
Secretary. Henderson of the Western Ad
dition Club said that it was proposed to
set the date for the closing of the ceme
teries in 'the city limits at January 1,
1902; that the cemetertes occupied sixty
blocks in the geographical center of the
city. He did not think that the proximity
of the cemeteries affected the sanitary in
terests of the people living near, them, but
It was a fact that property values suf
fered. Judge Lannigan asserted that in
no large cities are burials permitted in
side the 'city limits and the attempt to
close the cemeteries was In the light of
modern science.
E. P. E. Troy said the cemetery associa
tions approved the work of public Im
provements and Dr. C. T. Cross argued
that the cemeteries did affect the public
health and they should not be permitted
to remain In populous districts.
G. R. Fletcher, superintendent of the
Odd Fellows' cemeteries, opposed the re
moval of the cemeteries on the ground
that it would be a virtual confiscation of
the property and the question should be
submitted to a vote of the people. He
submitted statistics to show that the
death rate in the ward in which tho cem
eteries are situated is less in proportion
than in any other wards. Mr. Fletcher
concluded by saying that the Supervisors
were about to adjudicate on a proposition
that invalided an investment of $150,000,
000. In answer to a question by Mayor
Phelan Mr. Fletcher said the cemetery
owners would not suffer pecuniarily if the
cemeteries were removed, but the plat
owners would. Fletcher claimed that clos
ing the cemeteries would cause their re
moval, but the Mayor- contended that if
they were the owners of the lots would be
willing to abandon them in a few years.
M. Gray of the Laurel Hill Cemetery
denied that the cemeteries were in the
geographical center of .the city and that
streets could not be opened through them
on account of steep grades. If burials
were stopped it would result In a piece of
waste land. The Richmond district had
improved, notwithstanding the presence
of the cemeteries. ;
HEALTH BOARD
T0 CLOSE MANY
DEPARTMENTS
»
Lower Appropriation
Insurficient.
MONEY NEARLY ALL SPENT
ONLY TEN THOUSAND .AVAIL-
ABLE FOR FOUR MONTHS.
Dr. Williamson Says That Sanitary
Interests of. the City "Will Suffer
and 3lany Employes Will
B; Dismissed.
The fact that the Supervisors' Finance
Committee has practically decided to
nTomnund that the appropriation of the
Health Department be cut to $20,000 or
J33.000 less than was estimated when the
new board was organized will have the
effect of closing many of the departments
under Its Jurisdiction and consequently
throw a small army of men out of em
ploymcr.t. This startling assertion was
made yesterday by Dr. "Williamson,
chairman of the board, and a special
meeting will be called Immediately upon
receipt of official Information that the
Morning— "All Needs Supplied." Evening—
'•Digging Deep for a Foundation."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning— Rev. \V. W. Case will preach.
Evenlns— "Jesus the Judge of the Living
and the Dead."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
— Same. ' ¦ .
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning— Rev. H. R Heacock. D.D., will
preach.' Evening— "The Strength of Hu
mility."
Morning — "A Forbidden ttecompense."
Evening— "Things Forgotten Which Ought
' to Be ' Remembered.'.'
Morning — "Christian Ambition." Evening —
Address to the cadet corps by "An-old
r time cadet."
Morning— Rev. John Thompson, nuperin
tendent of American Bible Society, will
preach. Evening— Pastor will preach. ¦
Morning— "Will Ye Also Go Away?" Even
ing—"ls It Well With Thy' Soul?"
Morning— "Where will they Find the Boy?"
Evening— "The Tragedy of the Elegant
I Toung Man's Mistake."
¦, _ ,
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
• Same.
Morning— Our Time In God's Hands." Even
ing—"A Call for Help From Silent Lips."
Morning— "The Shadow on American Life."
Morning — E. B. Payne (editor of the Over
land Monthly) will speak upon "Life Ex
• perlmental." Evening — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt of the First- Unitarian will speak
en "Living Your Creed." ,
Afternoon— Addrees 1 for men only by Rev.
J. E. Moore; all welcome.
Afternoon— "The Twentieth Century Re
ligion."
Morning — "Supply and Demand." All are
; i welcome?; •-,< ---*¦ • ' •'. ¦ • . ' . ¦ •.
Morning — Preaching. Evening — Same.
Evening— Mlm Edith Houston of Chicago
, will discuss "Thcosophy in the Home."
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Common whifaky Is a curse— the Old
Government is a blessing. •
. Standard Optical Co.. 217 Kearny st., leading
opticians. All work guaranteed; reasonable. •
Lecture on Textbooks.
Richard D. Faulkner, principal of
Franklin School, will give a free lecture
to-night at the Temple, 117 Turk street,
on "The State School Textbook System of
California." Teachers and others inter
ested In schools are particularly Invited.
Sewing Teachers Rebel.
A determined effort will be made by the
five sewing teachers who were removed
at the last meeting of the Board of Edu
cation to be reinstated in their positions.
They are Miss Josephine Armer, Mrs. A.
N. Oraef. Mrs. M. H. Mayberry, Mrs. B.
Mlel and Mrs. J. Zeman. They will have
the hearty co-operation of Superintendent
of Schools Webster, who believes that
sewing should be taught especially In the
schools in those districts where the pupils
do not have the opportunities to learn
the craft at home.
CELEBRATE GOLDEN JUBILEE
Nathan, Dohrmann & Co. Entertalp
Their Employes, at a Feast.
A banquet to celebrate the golden jubilee
of the firm of Nathan.J Dohrmann & Co.
was given on Thursday in the banquet
hall of the Techau Tavern. All of the em
ployes of the San Fran?rlsco and Oakland
houses of the firm were the guests, an.l
those with families brought* their wives.
The guests and hosts entered the banquet
room at C o'clock and wined and dined for
an hour. Toasts were given, and later in
the evening all enjoyed a theatrical' per
formance and dance. The followlngtoasts
were responded to: "To Our Representa
tives in Europe," Mr. Nathan; "Our
Branch Stores. Known to Us as Colonies."
Mr. Dcutch; "To the' Travelers," Mr. Eh
mann; "To Our Host." A. B. C. Dohr
mann; "To the Married Employes," Mr.
Trinkler. Mr. Dohrmann delivered an in
teresting address relating to the business
in which he Is interested. At the conclu
sion of the toast-makli;g and Mr. Dohr
mann's address the crowd made merry
until a late hour.
Two of a Kind.
To-morrow you can buy two distinct
pairs of Shoes for J*)c. • Ladles' fine Kid
Ties, worth $2 f-0, every pair of them only
SOc. Boys' school Shoes, worth $2, for We
a pair, at the sale of shoes, 717 Market
street, near Third. . ¦>'.i' . •
CALIFORNIA PARLOR IS
TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OLD
NATIVE SONS' STXVER ANNI
VERSARY OF THE ORDER.
A Great Gathering at a Banquet and
a Great Deal of Oratory and-
Music.
California Parlor No. 1 of the Native
Sons of the Golden West was twenty
five years old on Tuesday, having been in
stituted on the 20th of February, 1875, by
the < late General A. M. Winn, and the
event. was celebrated by a grand banquet
in one of the prominent rotisseries. The
decorations were simple, there being only
an American flag at the one side of the
head of the banquet hall and the bear flag
at the other side, while In the center was
a silk bimd, on which appeared in letters
of gold the name of the pioneer parlor,
the very foundation of the now great Cal
ifornia ¦ order. There were around the
festal board about one hundred and fifty
members and invited friends. At the head
of the table sat E. Myron Wolf, the toast
master, and to his right was the Gover
nor and to his left Frank Mattlson, grand
president of the order, while at points of
honor were the following named distin
guished Native Sons: • ¦./;>
John H. Grady, Henry Lunstedt. I>»wls F.
Bylng;ton. Thomas Conrad. 11. Williams. C.
M Elliot. U. R. Crane. L. AS I-.arsen. M. T.
DoollnK. John T. Greany. Charles U. Weller,
Louis I^acare. It. .Tansen, W. V. Hobro Jr.,
J F Linehan "W. E. Rowland, J. Stovall. .O.
H. S Dryden H. F. Pcrnau, IS. F. Hanlon. J.
retary Henry X.unstedt was at his best In
responding t<f "The Native Daughters,"
and Dr. Thomas Conrad responded to
"San Francl3co." During the evening an
orchestra rendered popular airs ami the
Knickerbocker Quartet vocal selections.
Parlor Table of solid, quartered j
Golden Oak, Nicely polished. {
Fit for bust, book or brie- a- •
brae, or a jardinere of your {
favorite plant Graceful and {
pretty enough to be welcomed j
in any room for itself j
75 cents. I
We like to share our advantag- •
eous purchases with our customers. •
A whole floor of parlor tables and j
other parlor needs that we take •
pride in showing. ;
Some new shapes In inlaid ma- j
hogany Parlor Tables. As much |
of art as is in a fine painting. $12, ¦
$18, $20, 525. \
Bring your friends when you visit j
the Drapery Department. Plenty i
of comfortable chairs for them while |
looking at the pretty things. :
A good time to get your pick of |
Madras Curtains. Just opening up ;
the prettiest line of those deserved- «
Iv popular curtains | you ever' saw. •
Bright colors, new pattern effects. •
As low as $1.85 a pair. ;
CARPET .DEPARTMENT. j
Empire , • Oriental -.Rugs. Rever- ;
sible, all. wool, fringed ends. - ; Va- j
riety of pattern .an J color. One of j
many chances for. an economical ;
buyer in the 'Carpet "Department, j
Lots of service and comfort. I
.30X60 inches; $1. j
Free Delivery. Oakland. Alame3a, Berkeley •
M FRIEDMAN £ CO., \
233 to 237 Post St. i
Open erenioss Near Stockton I
Successful Jinks at the Press Club
Imbued with a patriotism it could ex
press in no other way the Press Club ar
ranged a jinks for Wednesday evening
that- would fittingly 'demonstrate that
there was something more than a day off
in Washington's birthday for its members.
It was an excellent programme and one
well carried out. albeit under some diffi
culties. Franklin Lane was to have pre
sided, but at tho last moment sickness at
home prevented him from attending: at
all and so Judge Low Jumped into the
breach with the sprightliness of a mem
ber in good standing and ran things to
suit everybody.
The programme was one of song, of
recitation, of quip and quirk and flash of
humor, and there was not a dull moment
from the time the people were called to
riotous order to . the ; time they had to
leave for home.
Mollenhauer brought his violin and
Elayed for the audience as best he knew
ow. Professor Meaney accompanying
him; J. Warren Keane. the magician, toid
as much about the lives and habits of
those before him as they would allow.
Little Phoebe Gibson, a violinist of,
twelve, played and sang and danced, and
Norman de Witt Phillipls of still more
tender years recited Shakespeare and
trailed funny songs until he refused to be
further enccred. Homer Henley sang the
song he has just composed. "A Song of
"War," a piece of martial fervor and dra
matic climaxes and he was accompanied
by James Hamilton Howe, who set the
piece to music and harmonized it. Charles
Parent, the only man in the club whose
voice reaches below the basement, sang
his lowest: Tom Greene of the Tivoli sang
his highest, accompanied by Winfred
Gofl*. who afterward took the stage on
his own behalf; Charles Dillon told hU
funniest stories; so did Captain Leale;
John H. Mansfield played the banjo;
Scully and Maison gave a funny Irish
skit and others disported themselves to
the edification of the willingly pleased.
One of the features of the evening was a
letter from the Chinese Consul. Ho Vow,
regretting that engagements out of town
denied him the pleasure of addressing the
audience on the "Open Door."
Altogether rhe jinks was a great suc
cess; it was an encouragement to more
of the same kind. •-." -
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
$20,00 a appropriation has been definitely
paused upon, which will most likely be
done at to-morrow's meeting of the Board
of Supervisors.
Dr. Williamson says if the department
Is allowed $20,000 only there will be less
than *.0,000 at its disposal because in the
past two'months there has already been
expended $10,500 for Its maintenance. This
will allow less than $2500 per month each
for March, April, May and June, and the
sum is but a little more than is necessary
to carry on *the Central and Harbor
Emergency hospitals. Nearly $2000 is ex
panded monthly for these two institutions
and at least one of them will be abolished
if not both. . • •
The bacteiiolopioal and chemist's de
partments will be the first to be done
away with and a saving of several hun
dred dollars a month effected.' The food
n.nd market inspection v.ill also be abol
ished. It Is deemed that the plumbing
inspection is absolutely indispensable be
cause of the number of new houses that
are going up and the erection of which
would be delayed indefinitely if the
plumbing inspectors were dismissed. It
is then within the range of possibility
that they will be retained. This depart
ment costs $325 per month, there being
four inspectors continually occupied.
The vaccination bureau will not be dis
turbed if it can he avoided, but the free
distribution of antltoxlne will have to
be discontinued although it has- ht<
splendid results in preventing diphtheria.
It may become necessary to discharge
every employe In the office at the City
Hall except one clerk to record death and
birth certificates, which are constantly
used !n court proceedings.
"I believe that- the Board of. Super
visors is making a big mistake," said Dr.
Vv'illiamson. "In reducing the appropria
tion for the Health Department. It will
have the effect of tying our hands in
protecting the health Interests of the city.
Th" board organized its departments on
a basis of £.0.000 for the six months, and
ft was expected that good work would be
done. The Supervisors cut us down to
l"3.000 and now they propose to slice onT
$13,000. leaving but $20,000. of which over
one-half has been spent for the past two
months. We have decided on nothing as
yet. but a meeting will be called and wo
will certainly be compelled to close up
most of the departments. We have
stopped all work in Chinatown, whicn re
quires extraordinary scrutiny in the face
of tl.e possible entrance of the bubonic
plague. The danger of smallpox Is an
important consideration and the health
interests of the city will suffer irrepar
ably with the reduced appropriation at
our command, but it appears to be the
Intent of the Supervisors to bring about
that unfortunate state of affairs."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1900.
Hales.
¦ Jilpfgi stylish summeF waists
y«^ijliiP*^ These are days when the "fastest growing store in the West" is a public
' ''JslPf " y^^Wjftlpjj^^S!^, exposition of style illustration. A special attraction right now is the display of
'jgMlfikJL-^ / llew si " rt waists. People who praised last year's waists will rave over these—
lr^w-,^.^ v J-,nr,^y they're far prettier, fit tighter about the shoulders. Stripes are the thing this
W^^^k^^^p^S >' car > but we have other st >' les ' to °' '»
'': O^«^a^Ebl^-^^-^i3 /ms-C\ y just 105 dozen of ladies' 50 dozen ladies' fine
/^T^^£sAii^^ ,•£>¦ eft line percale waists, the fan- chambray wains, colors
A*vT^^V-?^isw'?i^'Q---'pJ^ rX^^J^] c- str 'P e . s °f course ore- blue, pink and lavender. i* v '•-','
V^S r f^2^^^^>^ v^ t "s^^ l^^^Ls dominating, dainty figure;. fancy novelty stripes, with /^*-"~ (p
y^fV^^^^viMtj^^^Su * )r S l^^ f toO- l ' iey come in P»nk. deep pointed yokes, fronts \ Vj^^j
r '">* ¦¦¦ \flwtt?ils[\ ¦'""' **r * blue> !a V ender « and black V. arc full gathered, self-col- '-prttfp''
Ava^wfclva ' A z V^^'t and white - Plain and col- ored collars and culls. >5§A
Jrag^ifcKftAwA ¦' Ir^^^wi" ored y°k cs - the backs are sizes 32 to 42. each 51.2.;. ,&rf/\K
,u^^i^^myK /'$\ > Vv\V. l )leatcrf - P lain and self-col- 60 dozen ladies' fine p'H'f\?L\\\\
(^!^^^^^^^^'- *^Sw th^l\^\S\ orec *« collars and cutTs the zephyr pinpham waists. (f{\ 1 1 1 1\\\\\\
V^^^4^l?^^^^^^ iys^fc^ r/WiAMi new s h a P e * — standing — blue, pink, white, lavender. /'({{! ivV\
Pif/'WxC^il sizc 5 32 to 42, each $i.oa and black and white, fronts VAU j\\\\\\
«_ mt\^^f^^'^ji :^^y ti '*rt I n V/ 7 Io ° dozen ladies' percale pleated and tucked, and a \\\\\ fjj\\\\\]
'^^^^tZ^M^^^3^^^/ U^tfV \\ 1 if/ waist? > in blue > rctl - laven- few with insertion, the new \A\\ ////a' 1 . 1
£l^"^^^^^it^i^^^^ \}^H^JV/jf der / P inl s' an<l bla ck «in<l star-pointed yokes of white NS^i^^J
ftjrr^ 1 . " collars of the newest shapes, ular small fiarures. sizes 72 \ '
sizes 32 to 42. each 50c to 42, each $1.50.
tt V# V^ BVIV H l^v) s?) it JIMsU vt
ion toe men (IllJurfjji wQ* |-H uiic j^ liwilo
men's wool mixed shirts and drawers, in a nat- /I!v8s?/ *^&W*&Vifr47 # another lot of the most popular novelty of th:
ural gray and camel's hair color, a good all the IBM/ %VM. i\ season just received by express, all sizes in black
year around carment. all sizes.' 75c each lJx& ' « nOW cre ' p " ce on 'y 51-25.
some new arrivals of boys' shirts show among '• ' . L , ;!;' new spangled nettings. 27 inches wide, new and
them some very neat patterns in the soft shirt, with SIOCK DOUgtlt DV jS; P«tty designs, cer yard $2.50 to $5-00.
the laundered collars and cuffs, just the thing for 'X' trimming buckles, a new line just in. new jet
every day wear. 50c each 11 f «^ ;» and steel colorings, up to 50c, but as low as 5c
men's cotton half hose, in blacks, tans and 11^1^ rSf*nQ <;!'; !' colored bead gimp, half-inch wide, colors red.
grays, a full, seamless sock, but in sizes only 10. * *V*.*W *-# J. V/^7« <;«: brown, blue, gold and green, regular price 25c,
ioy 2 and 11.. ;.... v.... .'.'..: ....8 1-30 pair «; but now 15c yard.
. 1 Co, cooslstlrjg of dry goods, furnishing <!;' ~~ "
goods aod cloaks- we are going to divide '<:'. m 1 I J 1 *x J
out celebrated "fl.B" gloves $1.00 Q l^s^r^ imms * n <» A ™ goods
the largest retail dry-goods concern on the > \ •
! ,„¦- Pacific Coast. "O'Brien's" was a bouse- ',', *
bold word for good, clean, up-to-date j;
high-class merchandise, and In present- !¦ #
• /• f Ing tbis stock to the public we will quote ? fIAU7 Cflfifin* flfiH
C^rfcrifl tf*lfl* S^ntfH prices which mcon big savlncrs to econom- J liW TT 01/lllliL dllU
OIJfI lAl^f Ull\l ical buyers, over 100 extra salespeople i A O
a . ~ M ' arz being added to our large force. ? ¦* ¦*
SUmniSP SIIKS | salecommences Thursday, |j ?«"™W UIW3 gUUU3
! -¦ ; March 1, 9a. m. % . new whipcord, a hea\T twilled cloth with
new silks, too. they are arriving every day — \ • _^^s> " c^ n ' s h. comes in shades of tan, castor,
more may be in to-morrow before you come down. ,?s!Sssj;sSsSsJSSssSsSsSSss!>sSsSSS£S;isSSSsSsSsSSsw brown, cadet and navy, 50 inches wide, a very
new foulards are prettier than ever. we have . ¦ handsome^ dress oattern, per yard only $1.50.
them in scrolls and stripes, in 10 different pat-. . °ew fancy diagonal, a hard finished fabric ol
terns, shades blue and white, lavender and white. -,-Jl «-4 n .« «#a«i^lii fIUnA most C- xcc He n t wearing quality, many new
pink and white, purple and white, black and : 111311 OlflCrS 010111 pllj 111160 shades, 48 inches wide, per yard $1.15.
white, and all the new pastel shades, 85c yard. L;" V . / or tailor suits we have some new melton
19-inch plain taffeta silk, an excellent quality for. + :—: — f suiting of very popular cloth, 56 inches wide.
lining wear, shades blue, pink, turquoise,, cream- . ;.' and a splendid value at 65c per yard.
color, gray, castor, brown, green and lavender, per /=/¦ /bs7 *7E? a " wo °^ mixed cheviots, a cloth that is al-
ya'rd/ 75c /£'/ d£££> ways popular, in gray, tan, blue and other
24-inch black satin, "duchess," beautiful finish /JSr/ff/^^^^^^^^^^^ shades. 48 inches wide, per yard only 75c.
and extra heavy duality, suitable alike for skirts /M/ — _— -^^ three handsome lines of plaid cheviot for
or waists, per yard only $1.00. ~^{~ anrk r.Min&^r separate skirts, in new spring colors, they must b.*
black taffeta silk for skirt lining, 21 inches seen to be aooreciated. all wool, 45 inches wide,
wide, good quality, per yard only 75c. 935, 937, 939, 911, 943, 915, 917 Mar ket St. per yard only $1.00.
" THE CREDIT HO USE" j
Six Stories High ;
32
Simpson Memorial. Hayes and Buchanan
streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Epworth corner Church and Twenty-sixth
streets— Rev. \V. M. Woodward. .
First M. E., Powell street, near Washing
ton — Rev. \V. S. Urmy.
California Street M." E., corner California
and Broderlck streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. South San Fran
cisco—Rev. Arthur Anderson.
Grace M. E* corner Twenty-flrst and Capp
etreets— Rev. J. N. Heard.
Howard M. E., between Second and Third —
Rev. John. A. B. .Wilson.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street." near
Mission— Rev. William Itader; .pastor in
charge. Rev. A. Bayley.
Trinity M. E., corner Market, Sixteenth
and Noe streets— Rev. Theodore H. Wood
ward. '¦'
Richmond M. E., Fourteenth avenue, be
tween Point "Lobos avenue and Clement
street— Rev. A. E. Ulrlch. :' > -
Central M. E.; Mission: street, near Sixth—
Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller. .
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near So
lano—Rev., S. M; Woodward.
Evangelical . Emmanuel,' - comer Twelfth,
and Stevenson streets— Rev. F. V.\
Fischer. . • , :
First Unitarian,' southwest corner of Geary
and Franklin utreets— Rev. Dr. Stebblns,
minister emeritus; Rev. Bradford Leavltt,
minister. • /'
Second Unitarian, corner Capp and Twenti
eth streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
Y. M. C. A., Majion and Ellis streets-11. J.
McCoy, secretary. ' •
• Independent Church.* Metropolitan Temple —
Rev. B. Fay Mills. . .. .-.¦-¦¦
First' Divine Science, Toseniite Hall, Native
Sons', building — M. E. Cramer. * • ¦.••¦;¦•¦
Reorganized ' Church ' of Jesus ' Christ— 32o
Post, street
; Theoeophlcal Society— Odd Fellow* 1 build-;