BURNS AND HIS POLITICAL OUTLAWS SET- A TRAP FOR ..CALIFORNIA,
Hirelings of
the Railroad
Are
Beaten at
Every Point
by a
Superior Force.
No Vote on
Senatorship
Until
Tuesday
of Next
Week.
Deeply Laid
Schemes
of the Mexican
Upset by
the
Anti-Burns
Legislators.
Plotters Against
the State
Encounter
Rebuff
in Every
Direction.
Continued on Second Page,
ORGANIZATION AGAINST
BURNS EFFECTIVE
Plan of the Railroad for an Immedi
ate Ballot for Senator
TJpset.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 29.— When Governor Gage
called the extra session of the Legisla
ture the Southern Pacific presented a pro
gramme directing an immediate ballot for
United States Senator. It was expected
that the members opposed to Burns' elec
tion would be taken -by surprise. Pre
caution was observed to keep the ar
rangement from the knowledge of the
public. Dibble was directed on the quiet
to find the precedents for balloting: for the
second Tuesday after the legislature con
vened, but the precedents could not be
found. The Call gave the people of the
State notice that Burns, Herrin and Gage
were planning to begin balloting before
the time designated in the Federal statute
regulating the election of United States
Senators. Exposed, the schemers had to
meet the contest In the open. They came
to Sacramento boasting that the pro
gramme would be rushed through and
Burns' election secured before the oppos
ing elements had time to organize their
forces. Much to their surprise, the plot
ters ran up against an effective anti-
Burns organization in each house of .the
Legislature. "When Burns, Lindley. Hig
glna, Dibble and other agents of the
Southern Pacific found themselves out
flanked, outgeneraled and confronted by a
superior force, they laid down their arms
and surrendered. The talk of resistance
proved a repetition of the same old Mexi
can bluff. They accepted with the best
grace possible the terms submitted by
fifty-five resolute Republicans, hence
there will be no balloting for United
States Senator until Tuesday of next
week. If at that time Burns be Jn the
field as a candidate he may receive 27
votes.
The members who fought so gallantly
throughout the regular session to save
the State from the odium of Burns' elec
tion have gained knowledge by experience,
and ascertained the value of . organiza
tion and concerted movement. They, do
not take alarm when the Mexican beats
the tom-tom and shouts that the "battle
will be won next Thursday."
Every one is asking the question, "What
induced United States Marshal Shine, who
vigorously supported U.S. Grant less than
one year ago. to change his mind and en
ter the service of Dan Burns?** The story
goes that Shine was , engaged by the
Southern Pacific to deliver to the Mexican
the votes of Assemblymen McDonald of
Alameda and BJood of Calaveras. There
are some . indications that McDonald is
listening to the song of the Herrin bird
as sung by . proxy Shine. The story goes
that McDonald declined to sign the agree
ment .pledging members .not to support
Burns In : caucus. .This declination leads
to ' the belief that he li weakening and
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 29.
— D. M. Bums is no longer a factor in the contest for
United States Senator. He is beaten before a vote has
been taken, and California has been spared the humiliating
shame and disgrace of being dishonored by him as her repre
sentative in the National Congress. A great victory has been
won for honest politics and the purity of public men, for to
night fifty Republican members of the Legislature stand pledged
above their own signatures not to vote for Dan Burns in a cau
cus. The splendid triumph, in which all decent Californians
must rejoice, is beyond question. There is no possibility of a
change in the situation. The Call has interviewed every one of
these fifty men and all pledge their honor that under no circum
stances in a caucus will they vote for the Mexican whose pub
lic life has been a stain upon the good name of California and
whose even' act has contributed to shadow others with sus
oicion.
The man whose activity in this State has been the disease,
and not the health of public life, may pack his belongings and
* CD ij
leave Sacramento, defeated in the realization of an ambition that
possessed nothing noteworthy except its impudence and its pre
sumption. The followers of Burns are not ignorant to the
crash of their leader's hopes. They have seen the men who
have been true to their sense of a great public duty agitating a
unity of action which means the death of Burnsism in the poli-
This agitation has borne splendid fruit. One by one the
men who do not wish to be stained by association with the
Mexican pledged themselves not to vote for him. One by
the little host grew greater and the Burns followers became
graver. Twenty names, then thirty, forty and fifty were gained
—the cause of pure politics had scored a superb triumph. The
Mexican's shouters were dumfounded. Their own boasting and
bluster had deceived themselves and they could hardly realize
that the battle had been lost. Their leader and the manager of
Burns announced that imperative business called him back to
San Francisco.
The fight was over and the shadow of utter failure fell upon
the rabble who have looked to the Mexican as their -Moses.
body to give any official recognition to
the document until. Gage had been decent
enough to transmit a copy, a little formal
ity which the Governor had entirely over
looked and which the Senators looked
upon in the nature of an Insult.
Senator Leavitt volunteered the state
ment that he thought Gage would attend
to the matter in due course of time. The
Senate, however, decided to ignore th«
message entirely until Gage learns how
to be decent and profits by the knowledge.
The message follows
HENRY T. MAKES HIS "BAA."
"Gentlemen of the Senate and Assembly
of the State of California: In reconven
ing your honorable body in extraordinary
session for the purposes expressed In my
proclamatlon it becomes my duty to stata
more fully the views which I entertain re
garding the business to be transacted and
the necessity for this extra session. After
careful consideration for many months of
the question whether, among other things,
the expense to the people which may ac
crue from this session should outweigh
the exigency of convoking the Legisla
ture, I have fully determined that the
question of immediate disbursement
should be subordinated to public duty and
public necessity, and that this necessity,
above all other matters, demands the
election of a United States Senator, so
that California shall stand equal in rep
resentation with her sister States in the
Senate of the United States.
LOOK OUT FOR TEMBLORS.
"The duty which devolves upon you of
electing a United States Senator 13 para
mount, and to afford you an opportunity to
perform this high prerogative would alone,
were there no other Important questions
to be disposed of by the Legislature, re
quire this extraordinary session. If the
representatives of each State in the Union
were to refuse to perform their constitu
tional obligations of electing a. United
States Senator, the foundation of the Fed
eral Government by and for the people
would crumble, and the American republic
would become a melancholy phantasy.
"The sisterhood of States represented in
Congress Is the constitutional essence of
our nation, and full representation is not
alone a right belonging to each State, but
also one of the greatest rights of the re
public; and for many months last past
patriotic and urgent appeals have come
to me frcm many of the most eminent
statesmen and Jurists in America. Implor
ing California, to perform In this regard
her whole duty to the Union. Our coun
try's seal bears the motto. "Unity from
multiplicity,' and the stars and stripes
joined In one flag signify supremacy and
PALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 29.— Governor Gage
I read a message to the Legislature
I this afternoon, the nature of which
* bears out the general impression
that he can make himself as sub
limely ridiculous as any man that ever
occupied a public office in the State, and
that he can do it, too, without half try-
Ing. The document was Gage's official
apology to the lawmakers and the peo
ple for calling the extra session. It places
him in the pitiable spectacle of feeling
called upon to offer an excuse for his
every action. His demeanor while read
ing It excited sympathy. He trembled as
a man with the palsy, and at times when
his rage overcame him his voice gave way
to a feeble squeak that made hla audience
creep.
When the Governor was ushered before
the Senators and Assemblymen he did not
receive a cordial greeting. There was
some applause from the Bums touts and
heelers, but even they seemed ashamed to
declare themselves too boldly. Gage at
tacked the newspapers that had refused to
be silent on the conspiracy to eiect the
Colonel to the United States Senate. Th©
Mexican's followers applauded Gage's ef
forts to vent his spleen, for they, like the
Governor, do not take kindly to a fearless
press.
Gage announced that none of the sug
gestions made in his call for the extra
session were intended to add political
prestige to his office, and for fear that
he was not clearly understood on the point
he reiterated the statement at frequent
intervals throughout the wearying read-
Ing.
The Governor did not succeed in keep
ing his audience interested in his message.
Those who took him seriously fell asleep,
and those who saw the ridiculous side of
It all were so highly amused that they
managed somehow to live through it.
Grove Johnson was among the first to
succumb. He was slumbering early
during Gage's race with words, but when
mention was made of 'a "libeling press"
he started from his repose like a man
awakening from a. horrible nightmare.
Among others who took advantage of
sleep to save themselves from the torture
and mortification of listening to the Chief
Executive of the State make a show of
himself were Senators Davis, Morehouse,
Bulla and Smith and Assemblymen Wade.
Jllson, Raub, Clough. Cargill and Mack.
And there were many others.
An audible sigh of relief went up when
Gage finished his harangue and bowed
himself out of sight. "When the Senate
reconvened a motion was offered to enter
the message on the journal, but Senator
Smith objected. He expressed the opinion
that It was beneath the dignity of that
Pure Politics Scores a Superb Triumph and
the Mexican's Cohorts Are in
Despair.
FIFTY REPUBLICANS
PLEDGED AGAINST BURNS
Under No Circumstances Will
They Vote for Him.
GAGE'S MESSAGE IS
SUBLIMELY RIDICULOUS
Under Its Soporific Influence
Legislators Calmly Snore.
Grows Apoplectic Over Newspaper Criti
cism, Offers Excuses for an Extra
Session and Defies the Earth.
He has struck once too often on the rock of public decency and
at last the expose has come. He is a stuffed prophet against
whom the honorable public men of California, rising in their as
sertion of justice and manhood, have rebelled and his end has
The fifty members of the Legislature who have given their
pledged honor that they will never vote for Bums in caucus are
ready at any time to put themselves to the test. A caucus can
not be held too soon for them, for they are eager for the issue
that will register them in the good opinion of Californians, irre
spective of party affiliations. The taint of dishonest politics and
of an impossible politician has now been removed from the
Senatorial situation.
The honorable members of the Legislature who have
cleared the political atmosphere of its disease have now only to
unite upon some man who is worthy of their suffrages and who
will worthily represent them in the United States Senate. There
are many such in the ranks of the Republican party and the
Legislature can clothe itself with double honor by electing such
a man to the high dignity that even the preposterous, arrogant,
impudent ambition of a defaulter and a trickster made cheap.
The Call reiterates what it has said many times. It has no
candidate for the exalted position of United States Senator and
will suggest none. The only purpose of .this paper, and one
which has inspired its unremitting energy, was to save the State
and the Republican party from the shame and the, degradation
that would have followed inevitably the election of Burns. He
and all he represents are now driven from influence in public af
fairs. He and all he typifies have been whipped by the lash of
indignant men from the places that decent Californians de
mand, by the right of public spirit and honesty, as their own.
The Legislature has now its second duty to perform, and if it be
as unflinching in the performance of the second as it has been
courageous in obeying the first the conspiracy of a truckling,
complaisant, time-serving Governor will have been the agency
not of evil but of public good.
GLORIOUS VICTORY PERCHES ON THE BANNER OF THE
STALWART OPPONENTS OF DANIEL M. BURNS
PRICE FIVE CENTS .
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 61.
SAN FRAXCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1900.
giving signs of falling down. When Mc-
Donald's neighbors and constituents In
Alameda County hear that he is consider
ing the possibility of voting for Burns
they will be grieved and sorely disap
pin,!ed.
Shine's old associates of the Grant camp
dpf-ply regret the position taken by their
former comrade, and wonder what influ
ences were brought to bear to bring about
a charge of heart in so short a tim 3.
When it is called to mind that he was so
earnest and outspoken In his opposition
to Burns one year apo. it is no wonder
that every one is curious to know what
causes the conversion to Burns at this
time.
Prompt denial of the story that Grant
is for Burns ccmes from San Diego, and
comes directly from Grant himself. * # There
is not a word oi truth in nor foundation
for the report." said Mr. Grant to Th>
Call's correspondent. Grant has written
to a number of his supporters telling them
he released them from all obligations to
vote for him, if they considered them
selves under any. He wrote this to Sen
ators Nutt and Boyce and Assemblymen
Crowder and Raub.
PROCEEDINGS OF FIRST
DAY IN THE SENATE
Senators Quietly Organize and Then
Listen to the Message of the
Governor.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 29.— Lieutenant Governor
Neff called the Senate to order at 1 o'clock
this afternoon. Very little ceremony at
tended the reconvening of the upper
house. The matters which promised to
create - some preliminary sparring were
disposed of early in the day at the Re
publican caucus, and to-day's session
hardly amounted to more than a ratifica
tion of the caucus programme.
Immediately after the Lieutenant Gov
ernor ¦ announced the purpose of the ex
tra session and the call was read Senator
Cutter offered a resolution that the Sen
ate proceed to organize and appoint offi
cers and attaches. The resolution was
adopted unanimously and was followed
by another from the tame source, nam
ing the following permanent officers:
Thomas Flint Jr., president: F. J. Bran
don, secretary; E. F. Mitchell, minute
clerk, and J. Louis Martin, sergeant-at
arms.
After prayer by Rev. A. J. Sturtevant a
recess was taken to 4:30 o'clock to enable
the Committee on Patronage to fix mat
ters according to the caucus agreement.
Upon reconvening It was decided to
abide by the rules of the last session, with
the exception of paragraph 35. which was
amended so as to authorize the appoint
ment by the president of the following
committees: Attaches, Contingent Ex
penses and Mileage, three members; Com
merce. Harbors and Rivers, nine mem
bers; Enrolled and Engrossed Bills, three
members; Executive Communications
and Nominations, three members: Finance
and Claims, thirteen members; Hospitals,
Health and Quarantine, five members; Ju
dlciary. sixteen members; Mines, Drain
age and Debris, five members; Rules and
Revision, three members.
' The following- list of appointments was
announced: M. Phebe Jones and F. L.
Thomas, assistant secretaries; D. G. Holt,
George F. Haton, assitant minute clerks;
F. G. Michels. assistant at the desk; "W.
I. Burns and J. G. McCall. assistant ser
geants-at-arms; C. E. Wlllllams, book
keeper to the sergeant-at-arms; W. F.
Nixon, journal clerk; H. A. Masac. assist
ant journal clerk; Rev. A.-J. Sturtevant,
chaplain; C. R. Mayhew. engrossing and
enrolling clerk; J. C. Tittle, assistant en
grossing and enrolling clerk; Miss L.M.
Luchslnger. postmistress; M. P. Hughes,
assistant; D. J. Mulllns, bill cjerk; Will
Eret,' mail-carrier; A. C Unsworth, clerk
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLwhose ability and Integrity cannot justly
bo assailed, who is inspired with the
splendid and progressive views of the
President, and who, when elected, will
unswervingly assist the national adminis
tration in its magnificent governmental
plan of extending American civilization
and commerce to the new territory, where
the' American soldier and sailor have
planted and maintained our country's
Hag." - - .
LONGS FOR A HARBOR.
The Governor next considered the sec
ond, third * and fourth grounds of his
proclamation, dealing with .harbor Im
provement for San Francisco. He point
ed out to some extent that the, growing
commercial necessities of the State re
quire greater harbor facilities, for San
Francisco Bay. The length of . the
wharves of that harbor is now limited by
law, and it is proposed that something be
done that this limit caq^be removed. The
Governor quoted entire a communication
from the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners of which "my -distinguished and
very able predecessor in office, Hon.
James H. Budd, is the attorney," show
ing the necessity of prompt action in the
matter. The Governor then continued:
"The immediate necessity for this leg
islation may be perceived, not only from
such petitions, but also from the fact,
not of unusual occurrence, that last
Thursday there Were no unoccupied
berths for ships in the harbor of San
Francisco, and twelve deep-water vessels
were overdue. - ¦»¦ ¦ • .' . • •-
"The shipping interests of , this State
are dependent upon the proper ImproVe-i
ment of Its principal rivers 'and harbors^
and where defects exist, in our. . laws,
which are, incompatible with new condi
tions arising from increasing trade and
greater development of our resources. It
becomes a public duty to eliminate from
ou» statute books those defects which
are opposed to the progress of our State
and the prosperity of our people." All the
people of the State are vitally interested
in the development of the San Francisco
harbor. The fostering care of the State
is. a guaranty of the State's continued
concern for the future of this great har
bor. With the betterment of trade and
enhanced business advantages of coast
cities the interior of the State will like
wise be improved. As a people we are
interdependent and a material impedi
ment to the commercial progress of the
city of San Francisco, which contains
nearly one-fourth of the State's popula
tion, is a corresponding obstacle to the
interests of other parts of this state.
Above all. It is the right and duty of the
State and not of a municipality to extend
sovereign care and management over,
the navigable waters of the State. For
the State to attempt to abandon that
right and duty would be an-effort to fore
go one of- its most sacred- functions. <
A SOLEMN TRUST.
"The .sovereign control, of the. State
over its navigable waters, is a solemn
trust, held for the. benefit of all the peo
ple, which the State cannot absolutely re- ;
sign in favor of municipalities. The lan
guage of the highest; court of the, nation
in a recent case ls decisive of this propo
sition, 'and that court has there defined
the limits of local and private control."
, Sections of recent decisions are 'quoted
to sustain the position taken and the sov
ereign right of the State to control its
harbors and bays is treated at length.
This section of hte message was then con
cluded as follows:
"No municipality or section can usurp
this sovereign right, nor can any act of
the Legislature surrender the State's sov
ereign control. It is, therefore, evident
that the matters called to your attention
for the improvement of the harbor of San
Francisco are of general pressing impor
tance and designed for the benefit of all
the people of the State, and, were there
no other reasons, would alone require this
extraordinary session.
HOMEOPATHIC AMENDMENTS.
"The amendments which I have suggest
ed, if adopted by you, will afford adequate
relief and accomplish all that is necessary
for the immediate improvement ; of the
harbor, without levying taxes upon the
people, or even necessitating the Issuance
of bonds." ]: : }U%\-j- .- : .'¦¦'¦_
.The fifth reason specified In the proc
lamation, the necessity of creating a Com
missioner of Public Works, was treated
at length. It was pointed out that such
a bill had been passed at the regular ses
sion and had received the approval of the
Governor. Certain Irregularities in the
history of the measure, however, make
it "at least an unsettled proposition of
law," and further, to quote the Gov
ernor's words, "I . am ¦ satisfied that the
act itself does not express the intention
of the people acting through their rep
resentatives, and I have therefore called
your attention to the defects in this most
important legislation, so essential for the
prosperity of farmers and other citizens
of the Sacramento and San Joaquin val
leys, and to the business and property of
the people of the various cities and towns
along the. Sacramento and San Joaquln
rivers arid their tributaries."
RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
The message next dealt with the Gov
ernor's Views on the amending of the law,
as set forth In the sixth article of his
message, so that river improvements may
be extended above the mouth of the
Feather River. Of this feature pt the mat
ter, he said: ;.;¦ '
"It was held in the opinion of the At
torney General, rendered April 20 l<os
that neither the Auditing Board nor the
Commissioner of Public Works could ex
pend any part of the money appropriated
for the Improvement of the Sacramento
and San Joaquln rivers above the mouth
°f the Feather River. In consequence of
this condition of the law not only are
thousands of acres of valuable and pio
ductiye lands in Yolo, Sutter and Yulia
and other counties imperiled, but the. in
ability, to perform such work above *he
mouth of the Feather River results in se
rious detriment to work already done
upon the Sacramento River."
The. concluding paragraph of this .sec
tion of the message reads as follows:
. "Wh6n we consider that the Federal
Government has already appropriated
large sums of money for the construction
of restraining barriers and other improve
ments on the Sacramento and Feather
rivers and has now able engineers en
gaged ln\the work under the Secretary
of War, pursuant to the act. of Cqngress
creating the . California Debris Commis
sion, it would be only the exercise of
good faith on the part of this State, apart
from the incalculable benefit to our peo
ple, to co-operate with the Federal Gov
ernment In the work of improvement in
directions which are not allowed to the
United States engineers under said act
of Congress." . ."
?THE WIDE TIRE LAW.
The grounds for the repeal of the wide
tire law, as proposed in the seventh sec
tion of the proclamation, are that the act
is inartistically drawn, contains pro
visions of doubtful constitutionality and
that its enforcement would cause tr.oubii;
and distress to thousands of farmers and
other persons using wagons within- the
State. . '; ••••• ;
SOMETHING ABOUT MINING.
The eighth ground for the proclamation,
tl^e repeal of the mining law, was recom
mended to avoid possible litigation owing
to a clerical error which crept into the
lirst section of the act.
HE SHIES AT LAND "RINGS."
The reasons given for proposed changes
in the law relative to the Eale of State
lands are that many thousands of acres of
lafid, under the existing laws, have passed
under the control of land "rings" at a
value of $1 25 an acre, to be at once resold
by them at prices ranging from $1 per
acre and upward.
Until proper amendments are made to
the laws relating to our public land,
power, it is set forth In the message,
should be vested in the Governor to with
draw from sale the school lands, scrip
upon which is now being used to take the
place of, the Valentine and Porterfield
scrip.
The alleged frauds that have, been prac
ticed i;pon' the State under t s existing
laws are discussed at length, and the Gov
ernor gives it as his opinion that it would
have been his duty to convoke the Legis
lature, in extraordinary session. to amend
the iand laws had no other reason ex
isted for the call, "for it Is estimated,"
says ".the Governor, l! that hundreds , of.
thousands of dollars would be thereby
gained for the State."
LUNACY HENRY'S FORTE
The necessity of empowering the State
Lunacy. Commission to fix the salaries of
all officers and employes, as set forth In
the eleventh ground for the proclamation,
is given as due to the fact that the com
mission cannot at present cut down the
salaries of such employes, although if
such cut could . be made their compensa
tion would still be ample. If this power
be granted the commission, the Governor
sets forth,, it will save the people of the
State more than $20,000 annually for years
to come.
REMOVAL OF APPOINTEES.
Regarding the request that the Legis
lature grant the Governor power to re T
move appointees for causa the Governor
says: '-.-'-•• -;»'
fin the twelfth and fourteenth grounds
of the proclamation I have suggested that
the Governor be granted the power to re
move for cause officers appointed for
definite terms,andj|n the fifteenth ground
I have advised that the power be like
wise vested in the Governor of'temporar
ily suspending for cause confirmees of the
Senate. In thus requesting this necessary
authority I have not harbored a single
partisan thought nor desired such power
for political purposes, but my sole desire
was that the responsibility which is laid
upon the .Governor by the people should
not be hampered through his utter help
lessness to remove officers who misbe
have themselves in office to the detriment
of the public, or wfcu may be guilty of
crime. If the Governor is to ¦oe neid
responsible to the people, and if the party
which nominated and elected him is to be
held likewise responsible to the electors
for the Gpvernor's conduct of State af
fairs, he • should be invested with power
commensurate with that responsibility.
.Personally I would prefer, were I not
bound by my sacred oath, of office, to be
shorn of the responsibility for the acts
of others, and would not desire even that
the power of appointment to office should
rest with me, for among j the most pain
ful and. trying duties of office have been
those when I have been ceaselessly im
portuned and entreated to grant positions
to worthy but rival candidates.
AGNEWS SCANDALS APPALL
"The appalling scandals at the Agnows
State Hospital, which were revealed dur
ing, several investigations of that institu
tutlon, were of a character to show that
the public welfare requires that full and
summary power should be given the Gov
ernor to rectify, as far as possible, such
Infamous wrongs. Under the present con-
LIVERMORE, Jan. 23.— When the news
reached here this evening that Assem
blyman William. McDonald had not only
refused to enter an anti-Burns caucus,
but hail brazenly announced his Intention
of entering the camp of the Mexican and
joining the ranks of those who are en
deavoring by their votes and Influence to
perpetrate an outrage upon the State by
sending him to the Senate of the United
States, the town was shaken to its found
ation. In a short time the unwelcome
news had become circulated throughout
the whole of Murray Township, produc
ing general consternation. There were
many who utterly refused to believe that
McDonald intended to bring himself into
public disrepute by such action.
The feeling generally may be under
stood from the fact that as soon as they
learned of McDonald's intention two of
the best friends he ever had hastened to
send him dispatches earnestly advising
him that if he contemplated such a move
SENATOR F. W. BURNETT, PLEDGED AGAINST BURNS.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO .Jan. 2K— ln the assembly of both
houses of the Legislature to-day th»re
were few incidents that made the event
interesting or extraordinary. "With no
more formality than attaches to the or
dinary routine the houses were called to
gether. The members met without f.nthu-
Kiasm, apparently without interest. The
motive of ;he call which drew them to the
Capitol is so apparent that the Governor's
verbose document of many reasons has
deceived no one, and beyond the Senato
rial contest very little interest is taken
in prospective legislation, which will be
extraordinary enly in the event of its
cdoption by the Legislature. In the crowd
ed lobbies and corridors of the Cap!tol
¦were the old familiar faces that have on
fo many occasions disfigured the buiM
ing. The old political barnacles ar«?
here, all but one. in force. They are here
for the scraps that may fall from the i»o
litical table, but those at the feast seem
to b* fo hungry that the scraps will be
scarce and scanty. But the old lobbyists,
down at the he«.ls and mouth, are looking
for a chance to fight thrir way into roxne
Senatorial camp "and with Industrious
norfense win the favor of some financial
reward. Senatorial managers are as thkk
as buzzards .around a dead horse. The.se
penial gentlemen, who are so prolific In
promise and poor in performance, ire' i:i
ngcrfsf-ive evidence, doing nothing but
professing to do everything.
The railroad lobby, as might have been
expected, is very large and arrogantly a^
pressisve. Men have come from all parts
of the State on passes to work for Mexi
can Dan as long as he remains even a
possibility, and then to work for anybody
«Ms<? whom the Southern Pacific Company
may chooso. Thtse poople can do nothing.
They ere as ineffective es if they n-rt
s-omewhere else earning an honest living.
l>ut the colontl believes that there is some
potency i» noise.
iJut in all the motley and. it must be
oonfrssed, shabby crowd, the face of Ma
jor Frank M'.-Laughlin is missing, even
if it is not rniFstd. The major has fnllr-n
from grace. He no longer thrives en the
Governor's f-mi!es' or the good graces of
Burns. The major was discovered, ano.
now he is forced to look for another an-
to abandon It at once. The text of th«
telegrams was as follows:
LIVERMORE. Jan. 29. 13C0.
Hon. William .McDonald. Assembly Cham
ber, Sacramento: It ls rumored here that you
Intend to vote for Burns. Don't do It. If you
do the act will follow you to your grave. Tour
friend. JOHN* ATLWARD.
LIVERMORE, Jan. 23. 1300.
Hon. VTilllain McDonald, Assembly Chamber,
Sacramento: As your lifelong friend, I beg
of you not to vote for Burns. Tour constitu
ency to a man are opposed to hl3 election.
Your friend. F. R. BASSETT.
A mass-meeting of Republicans will be
held to-morrow to protest against the
election of Burns, at which a petition will
be prepared and signed and sent to Sac
ramento, urging McDonald not to bring
disgrace upon the section he represents
and politically stultify himself bycastins
his vote for a person whose very name
has come to be a stench in the nostrils of
all decent citizens.
ASSEMBLYMAN McDONALD
BUSES CONSTITUENTS
Announces Intention of Joining
. Burns' Forces.
Telegrams -Sent Him Advising Him to
Abandon His Contemplated
dition ofthe^law an officer, once appoint
ed for a definite term, may be guilty of
crime, continually dishonor his office, and
enjoy the fruits of his malfeasance, by
resorting to th£ courts to', defend his
crimes. To illustrate . the -"very limited
authority vested In the Governor,--! will
state that a few months ago serious
crimes w^re' charged . against an ..-officer
now holding the same State office, and a
petition was forwarded to me by one of
the members accusing him in direct lan
guage with flagrant crimes.. Knowing
that the power was not given me to in
vestigate the charges and, if true, to
right the wrong by the removal of the
officer, in order to silence a hostile press,
which had used this incident for political
and personal ends. I requested the opin
ion of the Attorney General, who replied
in writing, assuring me of my utter in
ability to remove any appointed officer
whatever who held office for a definite
term."
FILCHES BUDD'S THUNDER.
The Governor then quoted from the
messages of his predecessor to show that
Governor Budd had recommended that the
authority asked for be granted to the Gov
ernor of the State. Ja conclusion the Gov
ernor said:
"The foregoing are some of many rea
sons which I hold in support of the
grounds specified in the proclamation con
vening you in extraordinary, session, it
Is to be deplored that there are a few
persons who, by reason of their own un
worthy motives, attribute to me improper
political purposes in assembling you to
gether; whereas, in truth and In fact, I
have merely obeyed the promptings of im
partial duty and the mandates of the law."
A LESSON IN FINANCE.
"If you shall conclude to pass the va
rious lnws suggested in the proclamation
there will thereby be saved to the StaU
sums of money largely in excess of the
expenditures which will be incurred on
account of convoking this Legislature,
even should the cost thereof exceed the
high estimates of those who, false' to th?
interests of their country, have bitterjy
assailed th's call for an extra session.
"Whether or not you differ from me as
to the necessity of legislation , in detail
upon all of the topics suggested for legis
lation is to me unimportant, only as it af
fects our common country, for the respon
sibility now rests with your honorable
body and not with me alone. You will;
nevertheless, agree that your duty abso
lutely requires that the business of the
session be transacted with the utmost dis
patch consistent with the gravity of the
subjects involved. '¦;. ¦•¦...¦
MALIGNANT PREDICTIONS.
"Despite the malignant predictions,
which ; through private malice have been
published, that this extraordinary ses
sion, would engulf the State in vast ex
pense, my confidence, in your sense of
duty and in your ability, gained by a per
sonal knowledge of your conduct of legis
lative affairs during the thirty-third ses
sion, bids nrie trust that this extraordinary
session will be unexcelled In the history
of the State and worthy of future emula
tion. * . ' .'¦- '
BOUQUETS AT THE FINIS.
"Irrespective of your political views I
believe in your honor, I -believe in your
ability, I believe in your integrity, and
Inspired by those beliefs I am assured
that the duties which you owe to the peo
ple of the State and nation will be
economically, honestly- and ably per
formed. .•.... •... ,-HKXRY -TV GAGE, .
"Governor,- State, of California."
After .the reading oC -the Governor's
message the. two houses adjourned until
10 : o'clock' to-morrow- morning I . t!-
jyfjSjWk. There nrc many
-wISNflk. P^op'e. women
K£jglSBSS DEKHI^Bi urn! men. who
<bwJnT*tm—^'-f"^ >^pSV puffer from n»-r-
jTgf^Ej-ySwy^MMB^gJQ Venn disorders,
few JyJatfjsMß /^ WPfj^L an< ' who are mtu-
%Ha9r VbeTW nature of th> mal-
Wg^&f * w> IXg&Xlf ad >' r ' n a rrr >'Jnt cif
jSm^A tTtt 'li'Ciilt grTifer tfl * > c->mrilex fvm|i-
SHflHvißv tnmi. When the
I'Sy pi— ' fP*? CSE29 nervous sistem ls
l!w^l3sj(jlj<}flsfcE£y torn* arise 'that
Vj I ffefr - "jßrjffßftA mote from the
seat of the disor-
\ ¦» v^^^^ iJZso&Bk order, and thl* ls>
%S-5f JtjfJ&SSk wh >' People will
g. }K\- &3 dr.rtor for etom-
Eu^~^99BBKBHBeK a^h trouble, heart
SSSiiJjZS --'• l*>~-'-*r~-t'i'i trouble and other
U>lfflß_' *"* '"*"'' j'"Tflrd di^irtii-rs when in
/ r J ¦" ¦"v* : vui>jEKa| reality It Is th-
******-" *. .** ¦¦- •-^4&rHKB nerves alone that
»re «t fault. This
diagram will serve
to teach you Four exact condition if your
n*rve» are at fault. A prominent symptom ls
headache tr dlzxlneei fFljr. 1). The headache
may be throbbing or dull. Other symptoms are
hollow eye* (Fl*. 2), pale or sallow complexion
<Fl#r. Z). palpitation or fluttering of heart (Fig.
«). lir.r*.lre<l digestion end lo»s of appetite
<Flg. f). weakness of IJmns <Flg. 6). Again,
we have impaired memory, trembling, tend-
enry to faint, lack of -eneriry and general
m-eaJtners or nervous exhaustion.
HUDTAN is a posl-
4- ? tlve and permanent
MEN AND rur <* tor aJ' nervous
WOMEN disorder*. lIL'DrAN
ADVISFn wl " strengthen the
JPRFP nerve*. HUD TA N
Call or Writ- wl!1 ""'irorate the
, <¦>»" or Write. entire pyetem. Com-
*" plete nervous pros-
tration is moet se-
rious. HtDTAN will prevent It. HUDTAN
will tTozr.pUy overcome all , the above
rymptom*. HirDTAN will correct constipa-
tion. HL'DYAN will promote natural sleeps
Bleep that gives health and utrength.
HLIjTAN Is for *aie by dru^gicts; CO cents a
rifttaire. or rix packages for J2 SO.
J!<i y ZZc? r ?r& aOn nOt "^ "t'DTAN
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
r «^- fitoclcloa. EUlm and Market Strsets.
6AN FRANCISCO. CAL.
I CONSULT "^ CcnsuJt Free the
FREE. I "udyan Doctors. Call
? ¦¦ ? or write to them.
CAPE NOME
_ MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS,
SAVT: GOLD- Keogh Mrg. Co.. 17 Stevenson
Ft. Amalgamators. Centrifugal Pumw.
EVOI^ES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKEK & HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers-
lowest price? on the coast. Pine A Darts sta.
' HENPHAW. mrcKLETA CO.. Pumps.Bteam and
Gasoline Engine.*. Boilers. 26 and 28 Fremont.
is vitally interested in the maintenance
cf our new possessions. Comm.er.cj4U ex
pansion westward needs Federal assist
anee. The proper government of the;
Philippines is a necessary increment jto
Western commerce. Trade is based on
orders and there can be no order without
law.
"California should have her full corps of
legislators in Congress to assist in the
passage of laws favorable to our trade
with the newly acquired territory. Xo
State can be equal, if not equally repre
sented. . California, therefore, demands
her equal right of representation by the
election at your hands of a United States
Senator "
DESERTED BY HIS FLOCK.
The Governor here referred to the fact
that he had urged this argument upon
the Legislature in his message of March
IS. 1899, and continued: "Through unhap
py and hidden causes you failed to heed
my appeal on that occasion, and subse
quent events have justified the fears
which I then entertained that the grand
national administration," under the guid
ance of our great President, might meet
with some opposition from those who
ought to be first to maintain our country's
grandeur.-
DISCORDANT VOICES RAISED.
Already/ with the fruits of a victorious
war within our control,' discordant voices
are raised to obstruct, our country's ex
pansion. The enemies of progress seek
to sow the seeds of distrust. The retro
gressive few struggle to oppose the na
tion's majestic strides eastward and west
ward. Discarding the la.ws of civilization
and national evolution, these obstruction
ists would once more reduce, if they
could, this magnificent empire to its
original thirteen States. America, proud
of her prestige among nations, must go
forward, not backward. The doctrine of
the rights of man roust be taught on the
isles of the Orient. The flag which Bym
bolizes these rights likewise symbolizes
freedom, and no people above whom it
floats can bear the shackles of the slave.
"Our country has a moral as well as
a material duty tc perform respecting our
newly acquired islands. It must un
selfishly ishow to the people of the Philip
pines, of Guam and the other isles of the
Pacific the virtue or American law and
American liberty. Our republic must be
an exemplar through social and commer
cial contact. Our messengers of peace
and civilization must educate the inhab
itants of our new possessions in the in
dustrial and mechanic arts and in the
beet methods of agricultural development.
The iron of war must be transformed
into implements of husbandry. Racial
hates must yield to American philan
thropy, and crude and savage customs
to American morality.
GAGE GIVF* SOME POINTERS.
"To achieve all this we should have
wise laws and prudent councilors, and
California— the westernmost State of the
Union and the commercial gate for Amer
ica's Oriental trade— is deeply concerned
in this great and necessary work. I am,
therefore, conscientiously convinced that
an essential step in this direction is the
election of a United States Senator.
'•Being conscious of the rectitude of our
purposes, no lurking assassin of character
nor cowardly libeler need hope for a single
instant to intimidate or sway us from the
faithful discharge of our duty . to our
country and to our State because of the
dastardly menace of printed blackmail.
A JOURNALISTIC SPECTER.
"Unbiased by special predilections un
deterred by the ruthless and unfounded
criticism of a few morning newspaper po
litical bosses of pretended Influence, ever
ready and willing to sacrifice the welfare
of their- party. State and nation to th
crntlfkatlon of their own hates and am
bitions, and to decry every honest princi
ple and deed ,opposed to their schemes
and personal aspirations, here you may
meet In calm council to select some gen
tleman for the United States Senate un
questionably worthy of the high honor.
Continued on Page Four.
singleness of purpose through a union of
the Slate?.
GAGE HOWLS TREASON.
"Thf constitution' and laws of the
Vnited States must be obeyed, as well as
the constitution and laws of each State.
The Federal constitution and laws require
that all States shall supply representa
tives to Congress to legislate for the
whole people as well as for the people of
the separate States, and the persistent
rofui=al of a Statr to perform this duty
required by the Federal constitution and
laws is treason against the I'nion.
"In taking my oath of office I solemnly
pledged mys^f to support the constitution
and lawr of the I'nited States, and I
believe that 1 would be recreant
to that sacred oath did I fail now to con
voke this legislature for the purpose of
electing a I'nited States Senator.
THE SPANISH WAR.
"The practical results of the recent war
with Spain must be measured by Con
presFional legislation. The Pacific Coast
to the Finance Committee; E. B. Carr,
clerk to the Judiciary Committee; B. F.
Gray, clerk to the Commerce Commit
tee; Fred McPherson. clerk to the Hos
pital Committee: J. St. Leger. clerk to
the Mining Committee; Sam "W'acholder,
cloak room; H. W. Crocker, clerk to the
Committee on Mileage: Miss Hilda
Clough, Miss May Driscoll, Mrs. E. J.
N'iles. George Furry, stenographers: S.
Guerin, Stanley Wilson and Joseph Nel
son, gatekeepers; J. O'Leary, Joseph Nel
son, J. H. Brown, watchmen; A. L. Til
ton, galleiy doorkeeper.
All of the statutory positions not enum
erated in the list were declared vacant.
For the purposes of the temporary or
ganization Secretary Brandon announced
that he had .made the following appoint
ments: Miss Mamie Luchsinger, post-
FIFTY REPUBLICANS
PLEDGED
AGAINST BURNS.
Continued From First Page.
mistress; Jack Terrill. A. N'obla Carter,
gatekeepers; J. B. Harris, Reid Baxter.
N. Trout, pages; A. A. Dillon, mall-car
rier.
Senators "VFollT, Bulla and Ashe were se
lected to act with a committee from the
Assemhly to notify Governor Gage that
the solons of the State awaited his pleas
ure. They returned with the information
that the executive had a message that
he desired to deliver personally and at
once. The Senate then adjourned to the
Assembly chambers to Il3ten to Gage's
story of how and why it happened. A re
cess was taken until 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning.
OPENING DAY IN
THE LOWER HOUSE
Assemblynwn Proceed to Busines3
Without Reorganiza
tion.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 29.— The Assembly
reconvened to-day by sending a simple
message to the Senate to the effect that
It had resumed business at the old stand
In accordance with the Governor's procla
mation and out of regard for the "extra
ordinary reasons" which the executivi-
gel. He has deprived the Capitol. o' his
expansive and expanding' presence. Thert
may be no necessary connection between
the two facts, but hardware dealers
there has been a slump in the price cf
cuspidors.
While the Senatorial question remains
the vital. topic of discussion, there' is an
other which is now engaging attention.
It has reference to the measures suggest
ed by the Governor in his call to give him
absolute power over the tenure of the
office of his appointees.
Gage is itching for patronage and re
venge. He is goaded by Burns to use his
power and swing the lash of patronage
as he, did at the regular session. The
parasites which the Mexican fastened
upon the Board of Health of San Fran
cisco are now clinging to him in greedy
hunger. They must be fed and Gage wants
to feed them on the State. He asks,
therefore, that he be given power to make
his appointees the creatures of his caprice.
Mixed with this desire to preserve the
political existence of Burns with patron
age in the Governor's brain is the lust for
revenge.
He wants to punish, among others. Dr.
Gardiner of the Stockton Insane Asylum,
Cooper of the State Mining Bureau, and
the superintendent of the Agnews Asy
lum, Dr. J. A. Crane.
These men have shown an independence
of character which Ls extremely distaste
ful to the Governor and he wants to re
move them. He has men more pliable
than they, more ready to accept his dic
tation regarding patronage and more
eager to submit to his fantastic notions
respecting a policy of administration. As
a matter of personal interest, therefore.
Gage wants something more than the
power he now enjoys. He will find that
this particular want is to remain unsat
isfied.
A majority of the members of the Leg
islature are emphatically opposed to giv
ing- the Governor the arbitrary power he
demands. He will have to worry alone
with what he already has, as "the Legis
lature will give him no more. The pro
posed measure, which threatens demor
alization and the anarchy of political mis
management to the institutions of th«
State, will be beaten by a decisive major
ity.
GAGE IS ITCHING FOR
PATRONAGE AND REVENGE
Goaded by Burns to Feed His
Hungry Parasites,
Anxious to Remove Independent State
Officers Who Refuse to Bow to
His Dictation,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1000.
STATE MUST NOT BE DISHONORED BY BURNS AS SENATOR
Hi - ' i'-iiih ~ i!hJ'C2%J y—l fi ¦ d^J v!^ \'\
831 ¦ ' * " *** *¦ * m /» / J* Wfl I 1 ¦ B / ¦ ¦ B ¦ I *
Ec I
H These %S- 2 S sac ' < suits are the best values we know 1
H of in inexpensive suits— quality and price prove it. I
i / $10 bo and $8.00 quality for the price of $5.25. I
H You will agree . with what we say when you see the I
M It is ea?y for you to see them and a stroke of economy |
P They rare sing!e-breasted in rough surface material— 4
1 A fe\y boxv overcoats at the same price— ss.2s. M
1 Sale of youths' suits 1
m >We will continue the sale of youths' suits; ages 14 to 19 years, in p]
H a good variety of patterns— worth $8.50 — been, selling them for that right m
H] .... : \ ¦' ,¦¦'..'. •' : -¦¦" M^^-J • v-Jv-/ ¦..:¦' yi\
j|g Out-of-town orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue No. 2. |1
2THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1900.
3
WItL Tilfey HEM AIH L9>AL
TOTtiCSRTBUST?
¦ - ' ; -.t.
THESE FIFTY FIVE REPUBLICANS HAVE THE HONOR
OF THE STATEWs| Tlie First
When baby conies to tie home it will
bind the wire closer to the husband, or
it will gradually tend to cut her off freni
his"cornpanship. A sickly mother loses
in physical chana, ami often in temper
and disposition. A fretful child is a
trial, even to loving parents. The use
ol Dr. Herce's Favorite Prescription
prepares the wife for motherhood. It
strengthens the body, and induces a
healthy condition of mind, free from
anxiety or fecr. It makes the baby's
advent practically painless. The mother
being healthy her child is healthy, and
v healthy child is a happy child, a joy
to. the parents, linking them together
with a xjcw bond of affection.
There is no opium, cocaine or other
narcotic in " Favorite Prescription."
¦ I read what your medicine haa done for
other people." writes Mrs. Edwin H. Gardner
of Beechwood. Norfolk Co.. Mass., Box 70, "*o
thought I would try it, and I found it a biefsiug
to «!e and family. I took your metlicine a
year when I h*d « tea pound girl. I had the
easiest time I ever had with any of my three
children, and I have been very well ever since.
I took three botUe* of ' Favorite. Prescription, 1
three of 'Goldea Medical Discovery,' and three
vials of ' Pelleta.' Before I took your medicine
I only weijrhed 135 pounds, and now I weigh
X7J pounds."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets core sick
headache.
Burglar Captured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEALDSBURG, Jan. 29.— Joe Brown, a
young man of 19, was captured last night
In the act of robbing the ticket office of
the California Northwestern road at this
place. Aye Staton, the baggage-master,
went to the office about 10 o'clock, and on
entering surprised Brown at his work.
Staton called on him to throw up his
hands and surrender, and Brown prompt
ly complied with the order. He was en
deavoring to open the safe with a hatchet.
Brown is a stranger in this section, and
claims to hall from Oakland.
Seeks Heavy Damages.
Special Dispatch t<* The Call
NAPA, Jan. 29.— Mrs. Annie F. Allen to
day filed a suit with the County Clerk
here, In which she desires to recover dam
ages to the amount of $5000 from Mrs.
Bridget Spreckels. About ten days ago
the defendant went before the County.
Clerk and swore to a complaint charging
Mrs. Allen with insanity. The latter was
tried before the Insanity Commission last
Monday and declared Bane, Plaintiff In
her complaint alleges that the defendant
has ruined her reputation by placing such
a charge against her, and demands dam
ages to satisfy the wrong done her.-
Dr. Giles Testifies.
Pperlal Dispatch to The Call
JACKSON, Jan. 29.— Dr. Giles, accused
of performing an operation on Mrs. Dar
ling which caused her death, took the
stand In his own behalf to-day. He made
a general denial of the charge, claiming
that he had been requested to perform the
operation, but refused..
Bondshu Divorce Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call
RAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 29.— Bertha M.
Bondshu was to-day granted a divorce,
with' alimony and the custody of two
children, from Charles F. Brondshu, the
well-known teacher of this county. Judge
Smith of Santa Cruz rendered the de
cision. .
Auditor Connell Wins.
fif*elat Dispatch to The Call.
RAN RAFAEL. Jan. 29.— The mandamus
proceedings Instituted by S. H. Checla &
Co. against Auditor Connell for the sum
of |19uO were to-day decided In favor of
the plaintiff. Judge Angellotti has had
the case under advisement for several
days.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
cited." The Senate notification was or
dered in a resolution offered by Valentin*
of Los Angeles, and besides the formal
announcement carried a list of the officers
and attaches of the convening body.
Valentine's resolution named the officers
already on the payroll, and read as fol
lows:
Resolved, j That the following named
persons be and they are hereby elected
as the officers of this extraordinary ses
sion of the Legislature of the State of
California:
Speaker, Alden Anderson; Speaker pro
tern, P. E. Dunlap; chief clerk, C. W.
Kyle; sergeant-at-arms, W. O. Banks;
bookkeeper to sergeant-at-arms, Robert
Carlatt; assistant to sergeant-at-arms, W.
11. Dahle; minute clerk, R. Q. Wickham;
assistant minute clerks, Clark Howard
and J. F. Robinson: journal "clerk, L. Da
vis; assistant Journal clerk, F. J. Murpny;
engrossing and enrolling clerk, C. O. "Wel
ler; assistant, Arthur Wright; postmis
tress, Miss Relia Blood; assistant, Miss
Lizzie Baxter; chaplain, B. W. Perry;
gatekeepers. G. W. B. Yocum and H. H.
Squire; doorkeepers. William Cane and
George Sharp; gallery doorkeeper, Fred
Hobro: watchmen. IJ. M. Brock, J. Pinck
ard and Eugrene Warrent; elevator at
tendant, R. Wolf; engineer, C. Wright;
fireman, J. J. Connell; Janitress, Mrs.
James Stokes.
Raub of Yuba offered a substitute
which made a number of changes in the
payroll and carried no notification to the
upper house. It was hotly argued and
was finally withdrawn. Valentine's reso
lution then went through with only a few
Democratic votes against It. The vote
stood 61 to 16.
Assemblyman Wade offered a resolution
calling upon the chair to appoint a com
mittee to Inform the Governor that the
Assembly had convened, and ask if he
had any communications to make.
Speaker Anderson named "Wade, Belshaw
and Meade, and later Meade, acting as
chairman, reported that his Excellency
had a message to read to both houses
and desired that they meet in Joint con
vention to hear him. Dibble offered the
necessary resolution and at 4:30 the ex
ecutive was given his opportunity.
A committee of five, consisting of Raub,
Belshaw, "White, Merritt and Kenneally,
was appointed by the chair to report upon
the attaches and officers of the Assembly
and make recommendations as to a 're
duction of the force. At 4:30 the commit
tee reported progress, and upon motion
of Johnson was given more time for its
Investigations.
Upon the request of Belshaw, Assem
blyman Howard Wri»ht was granted a
week's leave of absence, and the same
courtesy was extended to Caminetti upon
request of Raub.
Adjournment was taken to 11 o'clock to
morrow morning.
BURNS MEN FOILED
IN THE ASSEMBLY
Tney Fall in Their Attempt to Bring
on a Senatorial Ballot
To-Pay.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 29.— This afternoon Assem
blyman H. C. Dibble of San Francisco and
Assemblyman Grove L. Johnson of Sac
ramento were forced upon the floor of the
Assembly and compelled to renounce in
the name of their Mexican master tho Job
they had hatched up to bring on the Sen
atorial balloting to-morrow by preventing
the reorganization of the Legislature. One
of Burns' greatest hopes of victory was
In beginning the vote for Senator before
thos» who are opposed to him had had
time to organize their forces and decide
upon their procedure. That hope lost Its
Identity to-day in the first victory of the
anti-Burns element and It was lost only
after the hardest sort of a fight on both
sides of the Senatorial deadline. ,V . -
As It Is, the Assembly is not reorgan
ized; it Is merely convened under the same
order of things established at Its opening
and not extraordinary session, but tho
danger of that condition was eliminated
by the castiron promises forced from the
Mexican's lieutenants after a battle royal
in open session.
Early this morning there was a little
meeting of the leaders of the different fac
tions. Dibble was called In, as was John
son, and It was clearly demonstrated to.
them that they did not have a dead man's
chance. to put through the job they had
up their sleeves. Under pressure, they
finally agreed to take the lloor as soon as
the Assembly should be convened and
make open and unqualified agreement not
to propose a ballot for Senator until a
week from to-morrow.
Relying upon this agreement, Valentine,
when the opportunity offered, handed up
a resolution Instructing the clerk to notify
the Senate that the Assembly, Was In ses
sion pursuant to the call of the Governor.
Dibble rose apparently to keep his agree
ment, and argued for the adoption of Val
entine's resolution. It very shortly de
veloped, however, that Dibble Was giving
his agreement the overlook; he argued for
the resolution all right, for It did not pro-
spectress of the San Jose Conservatory
of Music, who arrived in Marysville on
Saturday night for the purpose of presid
! ing at the annual examinations of the
I music classes of Notre Dame College,
which were to take place this week, died
I quite suddenly at 4 o'clock this morning
!in the local convent. The physician's cer
i tificate ascribes death to acute gastritis.
| She was ill but an hour, being in the best
iof health yesterday. The remains will be
i sent to San Jose on the Oregon express
1 train to-morrow morning for burial. De-
I ceased was a native or Belgium and C 2
j years of age.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 29.— Charles Lever died
this morning at his residence, 2131 Santa
Clara avenue. Deceased was a native of
Kngiand. 74 years of age.
Mr. Lever had led an eventful life. His
parents brought him to America when he
was four years old. They settled at
Klushinp, Long Island. Young Lever spent
some years at sea. and nnally came
around the Horn with a vessel and an
chored In San Francisco Bay before gold
was discovered. For a number of veara
he was a paymaster In the United States
navy.
He was a member of the* Arctic relief ex
pedition which rescued Dr. Kane. He was
in command of the vessel which brought
the herd of camels from Palestine to
Texas for experimental purposes. The last
of the herd died recently.
Mr. Lever had resided In Alameda
eighteen years. He leaves no relatives on
this coast. The funeral will be held
Wednesday at 11 o'clock.
OAKLAND, Jan. SO— Jos. H. Thompson,
assistant superintendent of the Western
Division of the Southern Pacific Company,
died shortly after midnight of diabetes.
Deceased was one of the tx»st known rail
road n:en In California and became promi
nent In the famous striko of 1534. Thomp
son occupied the posl'.!-.«; of yardmaster
in Los Anceles when the trouble between
Pullman and his employes extended to
California railroads, ami his executive
abilities enabled him tn raise the blockade
at that place. For this he received his
promotions. lie leaves a widow and three
children. His death occurred at his home
P2O Kirkham street.
PORTLAND. \lan. 29.— Edward Falling,
a well-known capitalist and head of the
hardware house of Corbett, Falling &
Robertson, died to-nfght.
ROCKEFELLER
MAY BE SAFE
Spanish Officer Claims
to Have Seen Him.
COMES TO ENLIST AID
FOR BATTLING BOERS
Maud Gonne, the -"lrish- Joan o?
Arc," Urges Irishmen to Strike
a Blow at England.
The Phenomenal Success
Of G. H. Mumm's Extra Dry— 109.903 cases
Imported In 1599. 72,495 cases more' than
any other brand— is due to Its unsurpassed
quality. The 1895 vintage now imported
equals Its best predecessors. •
CROCKER HOLDS LITTLE
OF THE RAILWAY STOCK
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— Regarding the
report that the Speyer banking syndicate
had bought the holdings of George Crock
er in the Southern Pacific road, .Mr.
Crocker's personal representative in this
city said that he knew nothing about the
negotiations of Mr. Crocker's stock. Else
where the following statement was ob
tained:
"It is Impossible to say whether the par
lies mentioned have exercised their cp
tion. I can say, however, that the South
ern Pacific holdings of Mr. Crocker at
this time, are much less than 75.000 shares-;
In fact, they are only nominal."
ARMY QUICKLY MOBILIZED.
Interesting Data Pertaining to the
Spanish-American War.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.—Surgeon Gen
eral Sternberg has compiled some figures
as a basis of mortality calculations in the
Spanish-American war, which Incidentally
developed the interesting fact that the
mobilization of the army during the Span
ish-American war was accomplished in
only a fraction of the time required to as
sotWs an equivalent number of troops at
the outbreak cf the civjl war. In Alay,
ISCI, the main strength of the Union army
was lC.lfil, and in one month It had in
creased to only C 6.950. In the first-month
of the Spanish-American war the United
States army, starting at 163.726, had in
creased before the dose of the month to
203.526. This'ls regarded as .a remarkable
feat of military organization, far surpass
ing the results obtained by the British
Government.
Protest Against Russian Espionage.
STOCKHOLM. Jan. 29.— The newspapers
are becoming persistent In their demands
for explanations from the Government in
repard to the steps it Is pursuing relative
to the alleged Russian spies, who for sev
rral weeks past are reported to have been
seen In different parts of Sweden, es
pecially in the neighborhood of fortifita
places. The papers declare that If the
reports are Tru«> the Government must
address an unequivocal intimation to Rus
na that such proceedings must cease.
There probably will be an interpellation
In the Riksdag en the subject.
Working for Co-operation.
RAN JOSE, Jan. 29.— The board of di
rectors of the California Cured Fruit
Association held a conference meeting
with the packers of the county to-day.
On the part of the association it was
•¦'ated that co-operation was earnestly
nexired. Afterward the packers met and
appointed a committee of nine to formu
late a proposition which will be submitted
for decision at a meeting to be held next
Monday. It Is believed that all obstacles
In the, way of harmonious co-opcratlon
will be removed.
Drowned in a Tank.
STOCKTON. Jan. 29.-John Kern, an
aped man, who was sent -to the Stockton
Insane Asylum in May, 18S7, from Ban
Francisco, was drowned this morning.
He was In bathing with a number of
other patients and fell In an epileptic fit.
Attendants rushed to his aid and the
patients ar-sisted, but his life could not
be saved. He had been In the State only
three years whensent to the asylum.
Marcus Lasar Dying.
Filial Dispatch to The Call.
BAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 29. -Marcus
l.nMir, for many years a prominent resi
dent and extensive business man of this
city and well known to coast people, is
now Blowly sinking: at Agnews from pro
gressive general paralysis. He is not ex
pected to live many -hours. He was for
many years connected with the firm of
Goldtree Brothers.
Birthday of the President.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.r-President Mc-
Kinley is 67 rears old to-day, having been
born at Niles, Trumbull County, Ohio,
January ». 1843. He received many con
gratulations from \-lsltors and a large
number of cablegrams and telegrams fe
licitating him upon the occasion. Many
Coral remembrances were sent him.
Notable Deaths
of the Day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
' 90S Broadway, Jan. 29.
ThotnM Mahony, who died of old ape
at his hozne, 6C3 Eig-hth street, last mid
night, was formerly the owner of land
row occupied by the Mountain View, the
Bt. Mary's axd the Hebrew cemeteries, on
the outskirts of Oakland. His death marks
the passing of another well-known Ala
meda County pioneer. His funeral will
take place from St. John's Episcopal
Church next Wednesday morning, and
although he was not an adherent to the
Catholic faith his remains will be buriei
in St. Mary's Cemetery. The interment
BiH be in a plat the ownership of which
2!d not pass from him when, away ba^L
in 1566, he deeded his old ranch to the
Archbishop and the Mountain View Cem
etery Association. He also retained a
pjat in Mountain View Cemetery, but it
was one cf his dying wishes that he be
laid beside the remains of his beloveJ
wife, who eight years, ago was buried in
St. Marj's.
Mr. Mahony had been a resident of
Oakland for the past fortj'-five year*,
thlny-six of which he lived in the same
cottage in which he breathed his last.
He was 73 ypars old and leaves an estate
worth over 175,000.
On Christmas day he informed his fam
ily of the approaching end. He was a
tiian of mpremest simplicity, and no soon- ¦
(¦r had ho taken to his bod on that day :
i han be directed the arrangements for liis i
funeral. He ordered that there should be
absolutely no ostentation or nhow: that ]
lie should l>c !aid to r'-st by the side of I
his wife; that tliere should be as few car- j
riapes as consistent; ami that none of his
fr:<nd? should act as pallbearers. His si:r
miF«-5 proved as correct as they were sad,
and he n<»ver rallied.
lie leaves three dnuphters, I>aura J. !
DassotU L«ouise 11. and Kmma E. Mh
ho:iy. and crx» son. George T. Mahony.
who have always made their home with
him.
RIVERSIDE. Jan. 29.— An accident oe
rurr red between this city and Col ton la^t
nipht. by which Miss. Mabel Bashaw, 2J |
jrsars of age, lost her life. The dead
girl, with live others, two girls— Miss C.
Callard end M!fs Ethtl Wilson— and throe
pentlpmen. were returning from a drive
to fian IVrr.ardir.o, when the horses be
came unruly while cros^injr a culvert tif
teon f<xt high, near High Grove, and
narked the bupjry and occupar.ts over th<? >
embankment. The carriage and team fell j
tin top of. the occupants, crushing Miss t
Hashaw so that death resulted in a few
minutes. Miss Wilson was also badly in- I
Jured.
Fperial DlFpatch to The Call.
ASHLAND. Or.. Jan. 29. — E. Oldendorff,
who had been a leading business man of j
Portland, died here yesterday, aged cs i
years. Deceased was a native of Ham
burg, Germany, in early life he went to
Buenos Ayres, where he became event
ually Minister of Agriculture in the Cab
inet of President Sarmiento. He was also
th<? largest farmer In the republic, having-
ROW arrcs under cultivation at one time.
In 3576 he was appointed as Commissioner
of the Argentine Republic to the Centen
nial Kxpos-itlon in Philadelphia, and was j
one of the three jurtjres of agricultural
machinery at that exhibition. From Phil- I
fldclphia he ram* to Portland, grolnp into '
tho real estate and Insurance business.!
whir* he remained until lsst fall, when j
he came here for hi? health. A widow !
and several children survive him.
• • «
•Sr»""1a! Pi*r**ch to Th<» Call.
MABTSVItT-E. Jain. 23 -Sister M.ir- j
jruerite of the Blessefl Sacrnment. In-
AGED RANCHHAND AND
PRETTY GIRL ELOPE
"Wylackie John's" Nlneteeh=
Year=Old Daughter Departs
With a Penniless Old Man,
Special Dispatch to The Call
COVELO, Jan. ?3.— The exciting news
topic of Hound Valley to-night is the sen
sational details of the elopement some
lime yesterday of pretty 19-year-old Oatie
\Vhatt« j n. the accomplished daughter of
"Wylackie John." Cattle King White's
famous vaquero, with William Tatham, a
man nearly an octoeenarlan. Oatie lived
with her mother, Mrs. Palmer by name
by a second marriage, on a large cattle
nnd stock ranch, and Tatham was em
ployed upon the ranch as a horse breaker
and trainer.
Oatie's principal amusement upon this
Immense range was horseback riding, and
h^r skill as an equestrienne brought her
much into the company of Tatham. Miss
Whatten had never outwardly manifested
any particular regard for Tatham % and
the startling fact of their elopement has
prostrated her parents and excited the
community. The couple took flight
mounted on two of the best horses pro
curable on the ranch and have been
traced In the direction of Glenn County
through a mountain trail that leads to tha
v.iMs of Anthony Peak— a peak that al
ways has been regarded as almost im
passable on account of its being rugged
and very precipitous. Their ultimate des
tination wpuld appear to be Orland, Glenn
County, as it is known that Miss What-
ten's baggage was secretly shipped on
yesterday's 6tage to that point.
This, however, may be only a ruse to
mislead her parents, as telegrams ex
changed with Orland to-day elicited no
clew to their whereabouts. Should no in
formation be received from the Glenn
County authorities to-morrow a searching
party, headed by her brother, will be or
ganized to scout' Anthony Peak.
Tatham has no visible means of liveli
hood and should Miss Whatten consent
to marriage it would be one of love on her
part. In the absence of official news that
matrimony Is the object of the elopement
opinions are reserved by friends of both
parties. Oatie's home life has been one
tilled with happiness and every wish
satisfied, and why she should forsake
home, mother, brother and sister for the
companionship of a man 74 years of age.
old enough to be her grandfather and
penniless at that, is Inconceivable. Mrs.
Palmer, Oatie's mother, bitterly laments
her daughter's waywardness, and the
household to-ni?ht Is overwhelmed with
grief. It is difficult to state to-night what
leg-al steps may be taken In the matter,
as the age of the young woman will hard
ly admit of any criminal charge. It is
known that Tatham has had two unfor
tunate matrimonial experiences, having
been deserted by two of his former wives.
He is the father of grown-up children.
The records of Mendoclno County show
no record of his having: procured a di
vorce, and a marriage with Miss Whatten
now would place him in a grave position.
WON PARLIN AWAY
FROM HIS WIFE
Sensational SuitAgrainst
Mrs. Macadam.
HANFORD BANKER'S TROUBLES
HIS ALLEGED ESCAPADES FILED
TN AN ANSWEB.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HANFORD, Jan. 29.— A sensational
damage suit was filed in the Superior
Court of Kings County to-day. The plain
tiff is Mrs. Nancy Parlin of Los Angeles,
and the defendant Mrs. Nellie Macadam,
a prominent and handsome society wo
man of Hanford. Mrs. Parlin alleges that
Mrs. Macadam j has alienated the affec
tions of her husband, Warren W. Parlin,
president of the Farmers and Merchants'
Bank In this city and a wealthy vineyard
ist.
The complaint alleges that the plaintiff
and her husband had lived happily to
gether for forty-two years up- to 1892,
when he first met Mrs. Macadam In this
city. She states that for the past two
years plaintiff and her husband have been
living apart, and she alleges that for the
past year Parlin and Mrs. Macadam have
resided at the Artesia Hotel in this city
and there occupied adjoining rooms, and"
also at the Renton Hotel in San Fran
cisco, and that they have been intimate
for the past year. .
Mrs. Parlin has also filed another suit
seeking to recover certain property that
Parlin Is alleged to have deeded to Mrs.
Macadam without plalnti "s knowledge or
consent. A few days ago Mrs. Parlin filed
a suit for dicorce in Los Angeles, alleging
extreme cruelty, and naming Mrs. Ma
cadam as co-respondent.
The suit has created great excitement
here owing to the prominence of the peo
ple involved in the case. About four years
ago the husband of Mrs. Macadam, who
Is much older than she. went to Alaska,
leaving his wife here. Parlin is an old
man, while Mrs. Macadam Is quite young.
Mrs. Macadam's husband is .now in Wash
ington State and she left here about a
week ago ostensibly on a visit to her
mother in Canada. Those interested In the
plaintiff's case say that it will be fought
to a finish.
OPENING DAY IN
THE LOWER HOUSE
Continued From Page Two.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1900.
SENATORS SCORE
BRITISH CONSUL
Angered by an Attack
Upon Mason.
• WASHINGTON, Jan. 29,-Senator Ma
son (R.) of Illinois arose to-day, soon
after the Senate convened, to a question
of privilege, and sharply attacked the
British Government and the British Vice
Consul at New Orleans, because. of an in
terview in which the Vice Consul had as
sailed Mason for the position he ' had
taken In behaif of the Transvaal repub
lic in Us war with Great Britain. Mason
attacked not only the Consul but the pol
icy of Great Britain in levying war upon
an inferior nation.
• Hoar of Massachusetts thought "-the
Consul's purported .remarks so serious
that they ought to be investigated by the
Government, but at the same time he
deprecated any attack, upon Great Brit
ain, with the people of which the people
of the United States ought not only to'
live in peace, but as loving and devoted
as friends.
Lodge of Massachusetts sharply ar
raigned the British Consul for his ut
terances against a United States Senator
and believed they ought not to be lightly
passed.
Tinman of South Carolina delivered a
forceful and quite characteristic speech
on the Philippines, in which he main
tained that this Government ought to ex
tend to the Filipinos the right to govern
themselves, the United States guarding
them against the aggression of other na
tions.
WEATHER BUREAU BILL
KILLED IN THE HOUSE
Opposition to the Provision for the
Pensioning of Disabled or
Aged Employes.
WASHINGTON; Jan. . 29. -The bill for
the reorganization and improvement of
the Weather Bureau, which includes pro
vision for pensioning disabled and aged
employes of the service, received a black
eye in the House. The bill was bitterly
fought by the opponents of civil pension
rolls on account of tha life tenure pro
visions it contained," and it was side
tracked on a test vote of 5". to 63. Al
though the Speaker ruled that It remain
ed unfinished business when the House
was again in committee of the whole, the
opponents of the measure believe the ac
tion of the day kills it.
The early portion of the day was de
voted to a lively scrimmage over the Sul
zer resolution to investigate the acts of
Secretary Gage, which the Committee on
Rules recommended should be sent to the
Ways and Means Committee, as the lat
ter committee had the response of the
Secretary in its possession. There was no
opposition to the .proposed action, but
Richardson of Tennessee and Sulzer of
New York used it as a text for renewing
their attacks on the Secretary. Gage was
defended by Hopkins of Illinois. Hill of
New York and Dalzell of Pennsylvania.
A bill to require pilots and officers of
steam vessels to make oath to their ap
plications for license was passed. v'O..
SAMOAN TREATY STANDS.
Attempt to Force Reconsideration
•.. Fails in the Senate. •'..
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— The Senate In
executive session to-day decided by a vote
of 21 to 33 not to reconsider the vote by
which the Samoan treaty was ratified and
then removed th« injunction of secrecy
from the vote. The vote In detail was as
follows:
Ayes— Al!«»n. Bacon, ¦ Bate. Berry. Butler,
Chllton. Clark of Montana. Clay, Daniel. Helt
feld, Jones of Arkansas, Kenney, Lindsay. Mc-
Knery. Martin. Money. Peulgrew. Ravelins,
Taliaferro. Tillman. Turner — 21.
Noes— Aldrich. Allison, Daker, Beverldg-e,
Carter, Chandler, Cullom, Davis, Fairbanks.
Foraker, Frye, Gallinger, Hanna, Hansbrough,
Hawley, Kean. Kyle. Lodge, Mcßrlde. MeCo
mas. McMillan. Nelson. Tenrose. Perkins. Platt
of Connecticut, Pritnhard. Proctor. Quarlcs.
Rom, Scott. Sewell, Shoup. -Stewart. Teller,
ThurFton. Warren, Wellington, Wetmore — 3S.
Before the opening of the doors Senator
Davis, chairman of the Foreign Relations
Committee, replying to Senator Mason,
paid he would to-morrow ask the Senate
to Ake up The Hague peace treaty.
MINOR WITNESSES HEARD.
Senator Clark's Opponents Withdraw
Intimations Against Toole.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.— The Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections to
day heard a number of witnesses on
minor points Involved in the charges
against Senator Clark of Montana. The
Protestants took occasion during the day
to withdraw nil Intimations against Hon.
J. K. Toole, who withdrew from the Mon
tana contest for United States Senate
under circumstances which the protest
ants were at first inclined to consider sus
piciously favorable to Clark. The prose
cution also declined during the day to put
two witnesses on the stand who had been
summoned at its Instance, because tho
men had talked unsatisfactorily since
their arrival in Washington. Both ex-
Senator Edmunds and Mr. Campbell said
it would be unfair to both sides to call the
witnesses to testify.
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the following nomina
tions: P. E. Barclay, to be receiver of
T>ubl!c moneys at Del Xorte, Colo.; C. H.
McNichols. to be Indian Agent at Colo
rado River ARpney, in Arizona.
. \ ~ ;-•¦- ••.¦
MANILA, Jan. 20. 8:30 a. m.—Re
connoissance In the vicinity of Taal
developed into skirmishes with reb
els and several men of the Thirty
eighth Infantry were wounded.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— The following
has been received at the War Department:
"MANILA, Jan. 29.— Adjutant General.
Washington: A rescued Spanish major
reported that he saw Major Rockefeller
In Northern Zambales on December 12.
Another Spanish officer In Southern Lu
zon states that he saw him there a short
time ago. No satisfactory conclusion can
be reached."
Major Charles M. Rockefeller has been
missing since April 28 last, and his fate
is a mystery to the War Department. He
strayed away from General Lawton's
command on the date given and until to
day nothing had been heard from him.
and It was not known whether he whs
dead or a prisoner In the hands cf the in
surgents. He is a native of New York, a
regular army officer and a veteran of the
war of the rebellion. Although to-day s
dispatch gives ground for hope that he 's
still alive, the officials here are not en
tirely satisfied on that point.
vide for reorganization, but he made no
mention of the Senatorial proposition.
Raub of Yuba was ready for some such
play, and promptly, offered a substitute
for Valentine's resolution, which provided
for reorganization, and made several
changes in the list of attaches.
Dibble raised the point of order that
Raub's substitute made appointments tc
offices already filled, and could not be
considered for that reason. Brown of San
Mateo* spoke to the point of order and
contended that reorganization was re
quired by law,. as the present session was
not a continuation of the last one. but
distinctly a session by Itself. Dibble In
terrupted him frequently and finally got
the 'floor to explain more fully his point
He cited the fact that upon three pre
vious, occasions the Assembly had gone
into extra session without reorganization,
and declared he could see no reason for
departing from timeworn precedent.
Eventually he submitted the question to
Speaker Anderson, who announced that
although he was convinced that Dibble's
position was correct he did not care to de
cide the question, and would rule the point
not well taken In order that It might be
decided by the members themselves. Dib
ble objected, and while he was telling
why Johnson went over to Raub's desk
and attempted to talk him into withdraw
ing hi -3 resolution. The Burns push knew
that their one chance lay In the sustain
ing of Dibble's point of order. The votes
against them were easily two to one, and
they did not want to take the chance of
a roll call. '. '¦ -\;"i''/'--'. : A--: ¦-.
Rtiub refused to withdraw unless Dib
ble and Johnson made good the agree
ment of the morning. In this he was
backed by Brown and a number of qthers
of the opposition. Johnson finally called
Dibble Into the parley, and after an
other Ineffectual. assault they gave In and
Johnson went back to his seat. He said
that In his opinion no ballot for Senator
could be taken legally until the second
week anyway. He also said that, wheth
er the Assembly was reorganized or not,
the members and attaches would get their
pay. Then he raid he hoped Raub would
withdraw his substitute, and made way
for Dibble. .1
Dibble said It was all a case of forget
fulness on his part. He had Intended to
say Just what Johnson had said, and he
would go even farther than he had, and
on behalf of the Burns forces agree that
there should be no ballot demanded until
Tuesday of next week. Upon this Raub
withdrew his substitute, and Valentine's
original resolution was adopted.
ANTI-BURNS SENATORS
WIN IN THE CAUCUS
The Reorganization Plan Goes
Through With but Little
Effort.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 29.— Several hard blows
were delivered at Dan Burns to-day dur
ing a caucus of the Republican members
of the Senate. The anti-Burns Senators
stood out for a reorganization of the Sen
ate and won with hardly an effort. The
Burns people made a play to create a big
block of patronage, and failed to carry
their scheme through. The Burns men
wanted an early vote on the Senatorship.
The cau<jus decided not to take a ballot
untfl Tuesday of next week.
It was expected that the colonel's forces
would make a hard fight against reorgani
zation, as they had openly avowed that
they were opposed to the plan. They
based great hope on the likelihood of rush
ing a vote on the Senatorshlp. Reorgan
ization meant a delay of a week at least,
and with It, it appears Mr. Burns' chances
go a-glimmering.
When the caucus was called to order
Senator Davis offered resolutions provid
ing for the complete reorganization of the
Senate. Much to the surprise of the anti-
Burns Senators, the Mexican's men sur
rendered, and aid not as much as voice
a protest against the move. This was
taken as an indication that they appre
ciated the strength of the force, against
them and the uselesshess of making a
fight. That they were still in the schem
ing business, however, developed a little
later when Senator Leavitt presented a
resolution providing for the appointment
of enough clerks to make every Burns
tout and heeler happy. It was calculated
as a very shrewd plan to assist In buying
Burns' way into the United States Sen- i
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.-Mlss Maud
Gonne the "Irish Joan of Arc. arrived
to-Say on the French line steamer La
Normandie from Havre. Miss Gonne
could say but little about her ' '««««
movements In this country, beyond the
fact that she would stay a month and
then hurry back to Ireland as her time
was fully engaged there. She will ad
dress several meetings In the interest of
the Boers. .. nf
Upon the arrival of La Normandie at
the pier Miss Gonne was escorted to tn«
Fifth Avenue Hotel.
"The object of my visit here.' said Miss
Gonne, "is to arouse sentiment here in
favor of the Boers. I have been In trance.
Germany and Holland, and there ha\e
heard expressions of surprise that Amer
ica was not foremost in championing tne
Boers. They are struggling for liberty,
they are fighting as you did for Independ
ence. I believe that the sentiment in ra
vor of the Boers is growing and I shall do
all In my power to fan the flame.
"Another reason that I am here Is to
cement the unity of sentiment between
the Irish In America and the Irish In Ire
land. That sentiment Is so strong now in
Dublin that they don"t dare to march the
troops down the main streets for fear of
having them hissed and assaulted, xne
present time Is the best that Ireland has
ever had to strike a blow for eedom - ftWrt
"In Ireland to-day there are only 6000
soldiers, where formerly there were 20,000.
One reason that Ireland' is not in a good
position to strike a blow is because she
had strictly followed ParneU's teachings
that liberty could be secured by parlia
mentary motions. It was said that we
could have freedom by asking and hold-
ate with the patronage that Senator Leav
itt was very generously trylns to provide
for the faithful. His scheme was so trans
parent that a blind Senator could have
seen through it and the opposition crushed
it with neatness and dispatch.
The patronage proposition created the
only argument during the caucus. On all
other matters the Burns people showed
no disposition to fight, but when there
was a chance to get both fists. Into the
public treasury they declared themselves.
At first they tried bulldozing tactics,
which proved to be of no avail. Then
they began to plead and finally almost
begged to be shown some consideration.
The only concession that was made to
them was the consent to refer the subject
to a committee, after It had been decided
that the clerkships sT-.ould be limited to
the number actually necessary to handle
the business of the Senate. Senators Da
vis; Cutter and Leavitt were appointed on
the committee. On the basis finally set
tled upon there will be no fat Jobs, and
$6 a day will be the amount of patronage
at the disposal of each of the Republican
Senators.
The anti-Burns Senators were right on
their mettle throughout the caucus, and
not satisfied with upsetting the colonel's
plans they added a little force to their
position by deciding not to take a tote on
the Senatorshlp until Tuesday of next
week.
GAGE'S REMOVAL SCHEME
PLAIN AS DAYLIGHT
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 29.— Gage's propo
sition embodied in his message to the Leg
islature wherein he seeks power to re
move appointed officers la clearly under
stood In the Senate and Assembly. It la
a rank scheme to place patronage In the
hands of the executive to be used to sus
tain Burns. As the scheme has been ven
tilated there Is no danger of Its success.
Many Senators will Jump on the measure
Immediately on Its introduction In case
the Governor can find any one with the
audacity to Introduce it.
ANTI-BURNS MEETING
AT SANTA BARBARA
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 29.— The meet-
Ing held at Armory Hall in this city to
night was attended principally by the
leading business men, most of whom
were leading Republicans, yet there were
a few Democrats in attendance. The
speakers were all opposed to the call for
an extra session and ; expressed them
selves as being bitterly opposed to the
election of Dan Burns for Senator.
KILLING OF AMERICANS
WILL BE INVESTIGATED
Consul Kindrick Reports the Alleged
Execution of Six Men by Mead
can Soldiers.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.— The Secretary
cf State Is in receipt of a telegram from
United States Consul Kindrick at Juarez,
Mexico, reporting that six Americans have
been shot. Their names are: Dan Cusack
Jack Eldridge, George Lunt, Charles
Burns, Lou Webster and Henry "Williams
It is said that they were shot by order
of General Tones near Guaymas. on tho
ground that they were found with Yaqui
Indians.
The Consul has not yet been able to con
firm this report, but the Secretary of
State has suitably Instructed our Em
bassador In relation, to the alleged shoot-
Ing, and has also instructed Consul Kln
drlck to ascertain and report to the Em
bassador all particulars.
m
Cornerstone Laid.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BTANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan 23 —
The cornerstone of the Stanford Memorial
Chapel was laid this afternoon In the
presence Qf a large bedy of the faculty
and students. President David Starr Jor
dan presided over the exercises, which
were brief.
. 88l «BB F fm | B BJ ¦
| CIGARETTES I
| With Mouthpiece I
S XO centa for 3.0 §
S Mohopol Tobacco Works %
Ing out our nanns. uuu &uu«3 mat our
hands have been held out Ions? tnouph.
.Now we see that we must sro bacK to tha
first idear freedom must come by force.
The spirit in Ireland to-day is the samo
as in ISd7." -- m *¦' -
In sneaking of striking a blow at Entr
land. Miss Gonne admitted that the con
stabulary must be reckoned with. Sh>
said; however, that England was In 3. po
sition where she must grant demands.
"To nations as to the individual. ' sho
continued, "there comes an hour or des
tiny, and Ireland's hour has come and sho
must not let It clip.
"One work of the Irish party la to stop
enlistment. Ten years ago there were
30,000 Irish in the army, and now there ara
not 23.000. At present recruiting is at a
standstill." j; .
To illustrate the straits to which the
English Government has been reduced.
Miss Gonne told the following story:
"I was visiting the Xofth Dublin hos
pital when two recruiting sergeants cams
In to get recruits^ After much labor they
secured two. Bolh men were HI and tho
nurse said they could hardly stand on»
drill. The papers in England may be agi
tating that England put 50.000 men In the
field, but she will have very hard urorlc
getting them." •; '
Miss Gonne also told the story of her
recent arrest In Dublin white driving to j.
meeting of Boer sympathisers.
ADVEBHSE2HEN7TS.
Dr. Meyers & Co. I
Men only. Pay when welL No I
incurable cases taken. Advico free. ||
Free Book at Ottice or by MalL \ |
731 MARKET ST.. S. F.
Elevator Entrance. HOCUS— DaIIy, tto
5. ' Evenipn. ItoL Sundays. 9to U- ¦
iff Jk,t j^LIOLOtIOSL •
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY --FEBRUARY 6, 1900
XT U O'CLOCK. NOOJT. AT
Our Salesroom, 638 Market St
WKSTERX ADDITION CORNER MANSION.
Northweat corner (No. 1S0O) Devtsadero and
McAllister ita. : larga rlerant residence, Zo
rooms; baths, ballroom, billiard-room, etc.; lot
50x100.
GUERRERO-STREET BJJILDXSQ LOT.
West tld» Guerrero it., 45 feet aortli of Four-
teenth; lot 43x75;4; bitumen street.
MISSION'-BTREET RESIDENCE.
'West aide: 2114 Mission at., bet. Seventeenth
and ElKhteentn; 23:4 south of Clarion at.; two-
story bouse. 3 rooms and bath; lot 23:4x30.
WESTERN ADDITION LOT. i -
North aide McAllister at.. 137:8 west of-71!l-
mort; large lot, 40x137:8.
MISSION COTTAGES.
West aids (No*. 801-SO6) Shot well st.; M:! 1 -,
feet south of Twenty-second St.; two weU-bullt
cottages of S rooms and bath; lot 86x94:8.
SEVENTEENTH-STREET BTJILDINO LOT. "
North aide Seventeenth st.. ISS fact west
Clara aye, ; lot 25x37:6.
SANCHEZ-STREET CORNER.
Northwest corner Sanchez and " Palmar sts. ;
large. Irregular. 7*»--.
TWENTT-nSTH-STREET LOTS.
South lin» Twenty-fifth at., SO feet west of
Castro; three lota. 26:8x114 each.
FINE.. LEVEL CORNER LOTS.
Northeast corner Twenty-sixth and York sts •
SCxICO; In subdivisions.
PRECTTA-AVENTTE . LOTS.
South side Preclta aye.. 6CO feet west Folsom
St.; directly opposite Howard St.; lot Wxl33. or
In subdivisions.
INGLESIDE HOMES.
West sld* (No. Jll-Sl3) Faxtcn ay«., near
Ocean House road; lot 50x112:6; two modern
houses; 7 room* and bath; all modern Im-
provements.
BASTON, ELDRIDGB & CO.,
- ' : O «38 Market street.
11111 l Weak
•' ' """J j**~^- Ivß if I B
Ther« U nothing like ELECTRICITT to pue
Ufa. vim and visor Into weak men or women.
Drug* give but temporary relief: act merely aa
a aUmnlant. but Electricity file* to all weak
parti of th» body, imparting nature 1 a force-
thereto and doing the rfq"!™* work surely and
In a ixrmanent manner. If run down* la
health and atrength you had better try Elec-
tricity Use an Electric Belt, for that la th»
best method of applying It: but be sure you get
a good one -rhlle you are about It: in short, try
•'DrPlerce's " for it is guaranteed to ba tha
be*t' Electric Belt on earth.
(ET "Booklet No. V free at office or cent by
mail for a 2c utamr. tells a!l nhout It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
Ko .Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
S3 Tribune Building. NEW YORK.
¦ R i)
MARKET ST. SI.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA CITTEUS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
fs Irr nnifll Co^er Fourth and
UHI L nU IHL KTU^rts
Vnllsrw rrjgpkerr fr*e.
WiN T E J-._ R I SORT -
SPECIAL ROUNDTBIP TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLES Kgggg
Most roted Mineral Springs la United SUtex
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism. Blood. Liver.
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders. Apclr
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent. (40 Marktt sC
4other flat, which was again succeeded by
a round eminence held by the Boers in
great strength.
"The ridge held by our men was iac<=-<l
by a number of strong little kopjfes at all
angles, whence the Boers sent a concen
trated fire from their rifles, supported by
a Maxim-Norilenfeldt and a big long*
range gun. What with the rifles, the ma
chine guns and the big gun. the summit
was converted into a perfect hell. The
shells exploded continually in our ranks
and the rifle fin- from an" absolutely un
seen enemy was perfectly appalling*
"Reinforcements were hurried up by
General Warren, but they had to cross a
stretch of fiat sround. which was liter
ally torn up by the flying lead of the
enemy. The unfinished trench on the
summit gave very questionable shelter, as
the enemy's machine guns were so ac
curately trained upon the place that often
sixteen shells fell in the trench in a single
minute.
"Mortal men could not permanently hold
such a position. Our gallant fellows held
It tenaciously for twenty-four hours, and
then, taking advantage of the dark night,
abandoned it to the enemy."
AMERICAN SYMPATHY FOR
SOUTH AFRICAN REPUBLICS
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— A mammoth pro-
Boer meeting was held to-night In the
Grand Central Palace. It was called to
express American sympathy for the South
African republics. Another object was
the raising of funds to care for the ill and
wounded within the Boer lines.
Ex-Judge George M. Van Hoesen was
the presiding officer. On the platform
were more than a hundred vice presidents
on "New York Committee to Aid the
United Republics." It was this committee
which called this meeting.
The Grand Central Palace was filled to
its capacity. The Boer, Free State and
American colors were conspicuously dis
played.
Letters of regret were read from Gov
ernor Charles S. Thomas of Colorado. E.
D. Warfleld of Lafayette College, Easton.
Pa.; Senator George L. Wellington of
Maryland and others. Senator Welling
ton was to have been one of the speakers.
He expressed sincere regret that the state
of his health v/ould not allow him to at
tend the meeting.
The first speaker of the evening was
Congressman David de Armond of Mis
souri, who, in mentioning some of the
reasons why he should sympathize with
the Boers, spoke of the causes of senti
ment. In this connection he said:
"There is no special tongue or partic
ular language that can ally us to ty
ranny. Liberty is the dream and aspira
tion, the noblest hope of all who ever
dreamed or hoped-for advancement."
Continuing, Congressman de Armond
spoke of the talk concerning the alliance
with England by the United States. The
mention of this subject was greeted with
hisses.
'"No British alliance for us," he re
marked. It was fully five minutes before
Chairman Van Housen could restore or
der. ÜBS
This speaker was followed by Congress
man Charles F. Cochran. also of Missouri.
The speaker mentioned in sarcastic tetms
the fact that England is often spoken of
as "the mother of civilization." He tl>t-n
alluded to the Boers and their fightlner
qualities, and declared that they were
now fighting the battle of humanity.
"Why should England be called the
mother of civilization?" he continue'!.
"What has she ever civilized? What has
she done for the Boers? What did sho do
for India? Now there is Alaska; there
never was any dispute about the boundary
line up there until a gold mine was dis
covered. It's the ,same way In South
Africa. This mother of civilization took
no Interest in that part of South Afr.'ca
until diamond mines were discovered.
Then this pirate nation and gold thief
stepped in and began a warfare for the
sake of civilization and liberty." * ,
The speaker referred to the battle on
Spion Kop an-I was greeted with cheers;
He said:
: "When in the agony of thinking of the
temerity of that handful of Boers going
into this battle I prayed God that they
mlght hold out long enough so that the
price of "grape' might be raised In the
London markets. There is a God who
overrules battles, and I trust that to him
It may seem well that the cause of lib
erty and not of tyranny may achieve vic
tory in this unholy war."
In conclusion Congressman Cochran
said: "Let us give the lie to the brazen
assumption that in any portion of the
United States there exists any sympathy
for this unholy crusade."
The following resolutions were unani
mously adopted:
That every nation has a right to form and
LONDON. Jan. 30. — In sharp contrast
with the eager desire for news
from the front which possessed all
London last week, yesterday's si
lence, broken only by the receipt
of the heavy list of officers and men
killed, wounded or missing, was generally
welcomed. Every one seemed to fear that
General Buller might report further par
ticulars which would show that the re
cent reverse suffered by Warren's division
was mere disastrous than previous dis
uatches had indicated.
For many days to come, in all proba
bility, there is likely to be a lull in opera
tions on the Tugeia. There Is not much
prospect of any renewal of active move
ments until communcations have passed
between General Buller and Lord Roberts
concerning the whole matter.
In regard to the future advance of the
British forces, the decision which will
have to be made Is a difficult one. On one
hand Is the obligation to relieve Lady
emith if possible, and on the other is the
apparent necessity or advisability of re
verting to the original plan of campaign
and advancing into the Orange Free State.
As the situation is viewed here all pro
gress in Natal is for the present stopped.
Ladysmith may or may not fall. It is the
prevailing opinion of continental military
critics that the Boers would be foolish to
take it and burden themselves with 10,000
prisoners when they can keep them idle
and helpless and at the same time pre
vent the concentration of a huge British
army and lure- British generals Into fur
ther entanglements and further costly
but futile attempts at relief.
As to the advance northward through
the Free State, if. as now appears prob
able, the British commander has to keep
nearly all of Buller's army on the line of
the Tugeia, a new army will have to
make the advance on Bloomfontlen. There
Is no use disguising the fact that the im
perial forces now in South Africa are not
strong enough at present to undertake
this advance with safety. One in author
ity says:
"We shall need at least 100,000 more
men. 50.000 to reinforce those at the camp
and 50.000 more as a reserve."
The seriousness of the general situation
is reflected in the comments In this morn
ing's London papers. The Daily Tele
graph says :
"It is a terrible alternative when we
have to balance against each other the
safety of the brave men in the beleagured
camp and the only rational policy of car
ryinjr on the war. It has to be faced
without sentiment or unavailing regret."
The Daily Mail says cf an advance from
Cap"? Colony:
"Such a move could not be made with
sufficient speed to save Ivadysmith^ It
would «eem that the soundest military
principles dictate reinforcement of our
army in Natal and a fresh advance this
time in ample force."
The Mail considers the present condition
of affairs. most critical, and says:
"There are two dangers to be guarded
against— foreign intervention and further
military disaster :n South Africa. To
meet the first, the whole navy should be
mobilized and th<» naval reserves called
out. Our squadrons should be distrib-
ceal it from ourselves. The initiative Is
now again with the Boer commander, and
the question is. v.-hat will he do next?
He will either act against Ladysmith or
against General Buller. In the latter case
pursuit would be useless, for when the
British force is once across the river
again it would be impracticable, as a
small rear guard could prevent pursuit.
Much more probable would be an attack
on Chieveley before the return of the main
body. Either that or a fresh assault on
l>adysmith may be recorded in a day or
two."
Wilkinson then proceeds to point out
the groundlessness of fears that strat
egic suggestions made in England might
be useful to the enemy. He says that the
censorship stands in the way of any
such benefit to the Boers, and that, more
over, if the Boer generals want sugges
tions they can easily get them from the
German press. As such matters are likely
to come under the attention of Parlia
ment he discusses at length questions of
artillery and the like, concluding as fol
lows :
"The measures now urgently needed are
the development of the military resources
of the country by the initiative of gov
ernment. With IOO.Or} men In the field
and 50.000 to follow, the moment has
come to push on the training of all troops
left at home and to raise further troops
to supply the further needs of the cam
paign."
BRITISH TROOPS RAKED
BY MOST FEARFUL FIRE
LONDON. Jan. 30 —A special dispatch
from Frere Camp, dated Friday, January
£6, ;»:10 p. m., says:
"I have just ridden in here, having left
General L'-uller's forces In the new posi
tions south of the Tugeia, to which they
retired in consequence of the reverse at
Spion Kop.
"The f.ghtlng. both before and after
the occupation of the mountain, was of
a desperate character. Spion Kop Is a
precipitous mountain, overtopping the
whole line of kopjes along the Upper Tu
gela. On the eastern side of the moun
tain faces Mount Alice and Potgieters
Drift, standing at right angles to the
Boer central position and Lyttelton's ad
vanced position. The southern point de
scends in abrupt steps to the lower line
of Kopjrs. On the western side, opposite
the right outposts of Warren's force It
is impassably Fteep until the point where
the nek joins the kop to' the main range.
Then there Is a gentle slope, which al
lows easy access to the summit.
"The nek was strongly held by the
Boers, who also occupied a heavy spur,
parallel with the kopje, where the enemy
was concealed in no fewer than thirty
five rifle pits and was thus enabled to
bring to bear upon the men a damaging
crossfire, the only possible point for a
British attack being the southern side
with virtually sheer precipices on the
left and right.
"A narrow footpath, admitting men
In single file only to the summit, opens
Into a perfect, flat tableland, probably jf
3COO square yards area, upon which the
Boers had hastily commenced to make a
transverse trench. Our men were able
to occupy the further end of this table
land, where the iidge descended to an-
If yon haven't a rejrular. bealtbf movement of tne
bowcis every cay. you re sick, or will be. keep your
bowe.s cj>en. an<2 be well, force, in tbcebapeof
Tlc.ent pnytie cr pill poison. :s £anperons. The
ersoctic&t. e^&iebt. ujo»t perleci way v i jteeuicg tba
boweU clear luid cieac v to take
£sl Jar CATHARTIC
T "*Oe MAJ3N BftOISTXBCO
Pleaeant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good.
Never Weaken, cr Gripe, 10e.25c.50c Write
for free sample, and bookict on health. Addre&s
tt»r!l»s Bfm*4.T C«» r »... tblr*;., "..trr.l. *»- T»rl. TV*
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN
OFFICERS LOST
IN CAPTURING
SPION KOP
LO2JEON, Jan. 29.—Gan
crall Buller wires from Spear
mans Camp January 29 that
the casualties among the offi
cers of the Fifth Division and
Mounted Brigade at Spion
Kop January 24 ware: Killed
22, wounded 20, missing 6.
KILLED.
Staff Captain M. H. Virtue,
Captain S. M. Stewart, Lieu
tenants 'J. B. Miller and E. F.
Eascr, Second Lancashire Fu
sileers.
Captain C. Muriel, Lieuten
ants W. T. Lawley and H. A.
Wilson. Second Middlesex.
Major A. J. Ross, Captain
M. W. Kirk and Lieutenant
A. H. Wade, Second Lancaster
Regiment.
Lieutenant Pipe-Wolfer
stein, Second King's Scottish
Bordsrsrs.
Captain C. O. Birch and
Lieutenant F. M. Rachael,
First South Lancashires.
Lieutenant H. W. Garvey,
First Borderers.
Captains W. H. Petre' and
C. S. H. Kox-Gore and Lieu
tenants C. G. Grcnfell, P. H.
Newman, P. F. McCorquedale
and Hill-Trevor, Thornycroft's
Mounted Infantry.
Lieutenants Randall and
Knockshand, Imperial Light
Infantry.
WOUNDED.
Colonel Bloomfield (taken
prisoner), Major W. F. Waller
and Lieutenants R. S. Wilson
and Lecharton, Second Lanca
shire Fusileers.
Major E. W. Scott-Mon
crieff and Captains G. W. Sa
ville, R. D. Burton and G. W.
Bentley, Second Middlesex.
Captain W. Saibech and
Lieutenants A. Dikes, J. Nix
on and G. R. Stephens, Second
Lancashires.
General Woodgate (danger
ously), Captain .F. M. Carl
ton and Lieutenants S. A. For
ster and J. W. Baldwin of the
staff.
Captain R. A. Bettinfter
and Lieutenant Howard of
Thornycroft's Mounted Infan
try.
Captain Coleman, Imperial
Light Infantry.
MISSING.
Captains S. W. G. Emslie,
Hicks and G. B. French, Sec
ond Lancashire Fusileers.
Major G. A. Carter, Second
Royal Lancashires.
Lieutenant Power - Ellis,
Thornycroft's Mounted Infan-
regulate its own laws and institutions to suit
That the law of naturalization is a matter
in which no nation has any right to control or
interfere with any other nation.
That the right of a nation to regulate its own
affairs does not depend upon the number of its
population or upon the extent of Its territory.
That the right of the South African republic
to regulate it* own affairs was not diminished
by the convention of ISS4.
That the naturalization law or the South Afri
can republic is to-day far more liberal than the
naturalization law of Great Britain, because In
England the Home Secretary has the power to
refuse naturalization in any case without giving
a reason.
That it Is morally wrong and politically ab
surd to aid and ab*»t England In her wrong
doing, because she will lose prestige if she fail
in her Iniquitous attempt to steal and annex the
territory of the South African republics.
That the much-vaunted English civilization
has failed to produce a better soldier than the
Boer, a more wlillns tiller of the soil, a man
more vicorous, a Christian more devout, a
patriot more unselfish, a citizen better able to
protect his home.
That the South African republics deserve to
be free.
That the Boer regards the English don na
tion with horror Is proved by his repeated
abandonment of his home, hla long ant 1 -^eary
treks, his gallant, his awful sacrifices".
That we request the President to see to it
that the feellnff of the American people with
respect to this most wicked war is made known
to the British Ministry; and we further request
him not to wait until both combatants ask him
to act as arbitrator, but to proffer his services.
That a cor>y of these resolutions be sent to
the President of the United States and to every
Senator and Representative In Congress.
Among those in attendance upon the
meeting was Miss Maud Gonne, just ar
rived from Ireland.
Alderman Kennedy and Secretary Moy
nahan. who were in charge of financial
matters, said that the subscription which
had been collected at the meeting woutd
amount to more than $5000.
PRESIDENT STEYN
WELCOMED TO PRETORIA
PRETORIA. Friday, Jan. 26.— President
Steyn of the Orange Free State and A.
Fischer of the executive council of that
republic arrived here thi> morning. They
were met at the railroad station by Presi
dent Kruger and other officials, and were
cheered while driving to the residence of
the President of the Transvaal.
The Volksstem, the official organ in
the Transvaal, in welcoming the guests
of the State, says:
"But for the courageous attitude of the
Free State the conditions of the present
struggle would be changed. It would have
been impossible for the Transvaal to have
taken the course followed with such suc
cess."
VICTORIA'S SPEECH
TO PARLIAMENT
LONDON. Jan. 29.— The Queen's speech
to Parliament will say that relations
with all the foreign states are very
friendly, and will express great pleasure
and gratification at the patriotism shown
by the colonies at a critical time for the
troops In South Africa, and at the patriot-
Buller's Campaign in Natal a Failure From
Start to Finish and It Seems Certain That
Ladysmith Cannot Be Relieved — Cam
paign Plans Changed and a New Army
Will Be Sent Out From England.
ism existing In the empire generally, v
will also express gratification at the offers
of troops from Indian native chiefs and
will allude to the satisfactory completion
of the treaty relating to Samoa.
A Cabinet Minister who was interviewed
by a rerresentative of the Associated
Press said: "I do not believe .the session
opening to-morrow will materialize into
anything serious. Some of our Irish
friends may try to orate on the Moor, but
I find that In moments of serious national
crisis Irish eloquence has little effect and
such orations generally take a back seat.
The diatribes on the Government will
doubtless be a iittle more vicious than
formerly, but I believe sober-minded men
of both parties realize, however much
they may criticize, that the Government
is doing its best, and it would be most
unpatriotic to attempt to tie its hands at
such a time. We are not nervous as to
the result of the session."
EDITOR STEAD HAS
ADDRESSED THE COMMONS
LONDON. Jan. 29.-Mr. -William T.
Stead has addressed an open letter to the
Speaker cf the House of Commons, Mr.
William Courtgulley, asking him to bring
it. to the notice of the House. The writer
says:
"The consequence of going to war with
a lie in our right hand is now manifest
even to the dullest understanding. The
responsibility for the lie which is now
working out its natural consequences In
South Africa originally lay upon the Co
lonial Secretary alone, but by a conspir
acy of falsehoods the select committee of
I£3S was hocussed into returning a false
verdict, which being afterwards accepted
by the House of Commons, involved Par
liament itself in the responsibility for a
fatal fraud."
Mr. Stead then asserts that "the war i
was undertaken to conceal the truth and ;
to whitewash the Colonial Secretary." ar.d
he appeals to the House to insist upon the [
prcduciicn of the correspondence between j
the Colonial Office and Mr. Hawksley, so- j
licitor to the Chartered Company. "In or- j
der to ascertain the truth respecting th*>
Jameson raid and to purge the House of
this dishonor."
SCHOFIELD SAYS
THE BRITISH BLUNDERED
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— 1n reply to a tel
egraphic request to-day for his views as
to the war situation in South Africa.
Lieutenant General John M. Schofield,
late commander of the army of the Unit
ed States, sends the following:
At sresent the British situation in South
Africa Is serious because of the original faulty
operation by which the force at Ladysmith be
came shut up In that place instead of joining
reinforcements coming from the rear. The re
sult may be the sacrifice of the garrison oi
Ladvsmlth. but even In that event the Boers
wit." have paid pretty dearly for their success.
The present failure to penetrate the Boer lines
was to have been expected. The British will
probably now organize a separate army, strong
enough to penetrate the Boer territory by an
other line and thus turning the Boer position
about Ladvsmlth.
But the final result Is not to be reached by ;
I capturing on* or even many positions, but -i ,
! lontc series of hard-fought battles, in which j
' superior numbers and resources ought finally i
ito prevail. It Is a battle between heroes, who
will fight It out to a finish.
JOHN' M. SCHOFIELD.
St. Augustine, Fla.. January £>. 13*).
BOMBARDMENT OF KIMBERLEY
LONDON. J3n. 30.— The Times has the
following heliograph message, via Modder
River, from Kimberley. dated January 26:
"The bombardment continues. It is now
directed toward the Inhabited portions of
the town rather than the fortifications.
Between midnight and 4 p. m. yesterday
145 shells were iired. They seem to have
been of Transvaal manufacture, not burst
ing widely. One child was killed and lour
people were Injured."
AN APPEAL TO PRESIDENT.
BOSTON. Jan. 23.— The board of direct
ors of the American Peace Society to-d*y
forwarded an appeal to President McKln
ley to offer the good offices and mediation
of the United States In the South African
war. basing the action on the fact that
MISCELLANEOUS.
WHITE ASfl STEAM COAL, th^S
ki^,°-*sii.. COAI - «JNINa CO.- at Its OREEN
fUVEIt COLUtKIEd. t. the Ee«t Coal is ta*
UAiiLtt. Office A&d l'arda— CO Mala strMt.
STATIONBV ANO PBIKT2H.
PABTRIDGE " c *^r*
Hall and Dixon Quit Even.
MURPHTSBORO. 111.. Jan. ».— Jlra
Hall, the Australian heavy-weight, and
Tommy Dtxon, an Illinois heavy-weight,
fought twenty rounds to a draw to-night
at the Lucien Opera House. Hall had a
decided advantage In the early rounds,
but Dixon evened up matters before the
close cf the bout.
HE HAD JUST A FEW
HOURS OF LIBERTY
MILITARY PRISONER ESCAPES
FROM THE PRESIDIO.
Caught Again Under a Peculiar Cir
cumstance and Sent Back to
Alcatraz.
A prisoner named George escaped from
the guard at the Presidio yesterday and
all the morning a troop of cavalry was
patrolling the streets In the vicinity ot
the Presidio and the post itself in search
of him. He was captured early in th*
afternoon by a peculiar combination of
circumstances.
George is doing a sentence of three
years for desertion. He was brought over
from Alcatraz yesterday in company with
about sixty other prisoners who are daily
brought over to work at the Presidio. Ha
was set at work digging a sewer near the
post buildings and the sentry allowed him,
to go to the rear without accompanying
him. When he went after him the pris
oner wa_s gone.
No one saw him escape and he got clear
away. He was dressed In an ordinary
brown working suit such as many of the
men wear and he passed unnoticed as far
as Van Ness avenue.
About the time George reached Van
Ness avenue it was found that a prisoner
had escaped from the guardhouse at Fort
Mason, and Immediately a guard from
Fort Mason was sent out in search of
him. George saw the men start out. and,
thinking they were after him. he took
refuge in a barn near by. the barn prov
ing to be no other than that of General
Shafter. A stableman saw him go in. am!
more to have him removed than for any
other reason he told the guard. The sol
dier proceeded to oust him. but his ac
tions aroused suspicion and he was final
ly identified as the escape from the Pr*
sidio. H# was taken to the Presidio
guardhouse at once and afterward was
sent back to Alcatraz. He will be con
fined on bread and water for ten days,
reduced from the second to the third class
and will lose all good conduct credits
coming to him.
Private Joseph L. Freeman. Troop G.
Sixth Cavalry, was the sentry In charsre
of George. He was placed under arrest
and will be tried by general court-mar
tial. It is a violation of one of the arti
cles of war to allow a prisoner to escape
and it sometimes amounts to a very seri
ous matter.
The man who escaped from Fort Mason
Is Elmer Jones, alias Frederick Wilson,
who had been arrested at the dnor of the
County Jail last Thursday on the charge
of desertion, and who was handed over
to the military authorities at Fort Masou
last Sunday.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— General Culler's operation has cost 912 men, so
far officially reported, within ten days. Applying to the 206 Spion Kop
casualties reported to-day the rule of proportion, the losses of officers
indicate there are 500 casualties yet to come. The total casualties of
the war, compiled from official figures, are 9523 — nearly a division.
Of these 2486 are killed, 4811 wounded, and the rest are prisoners.
the whole civilized world has net forgot
ten that one of the most b°nlgn features
of the scheme approved by all at The
Hague conference was that entltUra
"quod offices ar.d mediation."
MAY TAKE THE PORT.
LONDON. Jan. 30.— The Lisbon corra
spendent of the Standard says: "I hear
that the indemnity to be awarded Great
Britain in the De'.asoa Bay arbitration
will be so large that Portugal will be
obliged to make over the railway and the
port or Lcurt-nzo Marquez to tne British
Government."
Dundonald's Force Safe.
LONDON. Jar.. 23.— Great anxiety has
been removed by the announcement that
Lord Dunionald's cavalry forces, -xhicu
it was feared -were isolated amor.:; the
hills in the neighborhood of Acton Hiecs,
are ?afe on the south bank of the Tngela
River.
WHAT WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA
IS COSTING GREAT BRITAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1900.
ARTISTIC WORRK
IN INLAID FLOORS
Some Pleasing Eifects by
Eastern Experts.
Parqucttc Hart wood Flooring
Now AH the Rage in ths
Cast and tu;»opc.
VERY CHEAP AND DURABLE.
While waiting the other evening
for a Fi!lxnore-stre-t car on the corner
cf Sixteenth and Mission streets the
eye cf a Call representative was at
tracted by the beautifully dressed
shew-windows of the Pattosien Com
pany's big furniture store. The cor
ner window — by the way, the largest
single show window of any store in
San Francisco— is arranged to repre
sent a parlor. The back wall is cov
ered with an expensive Axminster
carpet, in old red coloring. It has the
effect of a rich two-tone wallpaper.
Pictures are hung on the wall and
curtains and portieres are most artis
tically draped to represent the win
dows and doors.
The fiocr is covered with the hand
somest pstt^m cf inlaid wood floor
ing ever shown in San Francisco. It
is a combination cf golden oak and
walnut, with a rich Grecian border in
the same cclorinsrs.
This new style of parquetry is
raade in thousands of designs. It is
blind nailed to the floor and no glue
is used nor do puttied up nailholes
mar the beautiful glcss of this up-to
date floor covering.
No house is so fine that parquetry
¦will not add to it, and no cottage is so
cheaply built that parquetry cannot
b» used in it to advantage. Builders
say nothing sells a house quicker
than a handsoni- floor, architects
know nothing as effective and ex
perts recognize nothing so sanitary.
A postal card to either of the Pat
tosien Company's stores in San Fran
cisco or San Jose will evoke full in
formation as to cost and procure a
handsome catalogue full of attractive
designs.
Q Strictly Reliable. ,
Dr. Talcott & Co.
Practice Confined to
%Mt Men Only.
j^&raww^SP Varicocele cured in one wze^
\. at office, or four weeKs' home
/ Vv^^^^VJV treat rn'ent. Stricture cured by
>V nL\ >/^jl >w^ painless electricity. Discharges
7 / v^^^ZJ/JJr' vvN^ cured by the irrigation rnzthod.
II V V^^^^rW \J^ All forms of weakness a spe-
l^/ A^IT/ // Kf' cialty.
\\ \ jfA/l // Correspondence Invited.
\\ I// 997 'Mirket Street,' Corner Sixth.
i-.yfl If there was a better hat made than the £j
iS5s avves we would try hard to get the •:•';
Wpm The pride of our hat department is to S
R : £l have the best hat in the market We be- :f«
Bv.^i lieve we have it in the y.
|i Hawes |
¦ •'">"'¦ c awes a^ as *h* s Peculiarity in «.>
I '•¦ M * ts ma^ e — once a rr ' an wears he will vi
1 . : ->g always ask for a Hawes afterward, and :'\
I ;•'•*« almost invariably insist on having it. •;':)
|t : 'V« The Hawes hats come in all the popu- '¦}:¦
ii-r-ji lar shapes and shades. The price is the •;;
fk}m same all over this continent — (:;
i&I $^ AH - : -
»**"'•» Out-of-town orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue Ho. 2. '.••'
? 0«0t0i0t0<04 04-o'j-0-«o'ro*o»of-
i^lSHY IS HEALTHFUL! f
? Cjß A Natural Mineral Water %
? f^ »'*th medicinal qaalitles, O
0 fj|k ?cr Isdigestioa ani o
o Stcnach Disorders, o
1 JillL 50 "" 11^ VICHY I
| |sff% IN SIPHONS %
IJ^^lsioj^iEHYi
? %&?*&§', Get the Genuine t
? fSgis*^ ?
O A. VIGNIER. Distributing Agant*
txj "1 ALL .Vcireiw IHteaset— Failins Mem-
jfcj 2*l °*T« Sleep)«Mae«B. etc.. earned tj o»«r
r!f .VI wort aca IndiscreUoas. They tjvirkty
S «£X&> ****** ««"¦*' * ranore Lost Vitaiiti la old
V ~zf °* roua*. bod fit a etc fcr t'u<.y. bnsi-
&«•• or t>ie««3re. Prevent Ics&iutj an-i
v f OxTrnitnirntinß i! taken in tide. Tbtir
e«eelx>*f,iismodlute improvement and effects CUB£
where tl I others fail. Icsist upec h»nng theeenoice
Aj&x Tat>leta. Tber hare cored tboosacda and wii;
can yo«. We giro a positive written Ru;u-s.r.t«j to ef ¦
f«<t a core In each casu or refund the caocer. f*riob
*»fl fte ** r ptc tztt. ££. £ U t*f**f* .trail tr^a'.-
OU CIS. mentj for 53.60 bTiaail.ta plain wr-_i,«r
cpou rwelpt of prico. Circalanfree.
A'AX PEMRPV CO., 91 ?,. 8 *-
Fcr aaJe Is S. F. by Lelpcits A Co.. No Per-
cectara Dnj Co.. Owl Drue Co.. 8. F.. Oakl'd.
COKE] COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
Wboleaal* Dealer and Shipper of Cok*.
OFFICE. «1J FOI.SOM ST.
DIRECTORY
OF BESFOKSI3LE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mail3l
on Application.
CCAI. COKK AM) FI3 IHOX
rf-V- niL.,Vil a VV«T«I«phoo« Mala UU.
COPPER.' MIT.H.
.TOEEPH FOX Supt. 'M. BLTTIt. Mgr.
W"OI 1 II »nd Ship W.,rk a Fpnualtf. U
i¦ " IS Washington *t- Telephone Main ii.i.
FRESH KSU SJU.T MEATS
JAS RflVF^rfcffl ffclppm* Butcher*. IM
JAy bl/IL3u wJ . ci»y. TH. Mam lIH.
FUHS.
J. l\. LIT~I AU, e.ybt, Ww«t pew W r«j.,,f. <
PAPER UEALERI. .
T»1I I AMFTTF »*m» and papeh co..
fT.LLAi'IEIIC 7a jtfonuroraerr «t.
fuurruo.
I- W» ill .JllCi. n i Ean«cm* nt.. 8. F.
5
* LONDON. Jan. 30, 4:13 a. m.— History
for a time in South Africa. It is'
? one of those unsatisfactory pauses that
Lare nearly as trying to British nerves.
|Asa sequence of reverses, and apparently.
j it •will terminate only when Lord Roberts ,
;; ' gives the wcrd for the forward movement
finto the Free State, which, according to
most cheerful view, he will be unable'
?to do for a fortnight.
5, Whether he will permit General Buller<
"to make another attempt to relieve Lady-,
smith Is quite outside the knowledge even
r'of those closely connected with the War'
?Office. With the troops due to arrive next '
•month he may think himself strong
? enough to try two large operations. Com
i>bining the forces under Generals Meth-,
iuen. French and Gatacre, and adding,
I to them the arriving troops, Lord Roberts
5 would have 70,000 for the invasion of the,,
? Free State, with 40.000 to 50,000 guarding'
and f3,000 trying to res-*
t cue Ladysmith. ? : i
""- 4From the way public sentiment is tending in Great
Britain a good many of the Ministers would prob
ably as soon be in Ladysmith as anywhere else
when Parliament meets.
The next time the British take Spion Kop they will
move it out of range of the Boer guns at once. It
isn't safe where it is.
The northern line will doubtless prove so commer
cially profitable that the promoters can construct it
without having to ask a subsidy, but that is no suf
ficient reason why the other line should not be con
structed also. The land line would be subject to in
terruptions in the severe winters of the north and
might be cut in case, of wars in which either Great
Britain or Russia was engaged, but the ocean cable
r would be virtually secure at all times. Moreover
Niles Herald
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
SEYMOUR EATON, Director.
CONTRIBUTORS
—TO TTIIfi
„ SPRING TERM COURSB, 1900.
<&tf® Bar. B4w»rf ETtrett Ealty D. D.
Borton.
Jessa H&oy, A. JL, LL. &,
lowa OoD«c*>
. Professor Paul Elna? Mot 3,
NEW COURSES. B^SSSSfk.,
Princeton University.
SPRING TERM 1900. Ohwles Forrter Smith, Ph. IX,
University of Wisconsin.
liaao N. Deamos, A. M., LL. D.
Beginning Thursday, February university of mic&isu.
15, 1900. Arthur H. Palner, U. A.,
Tale University.
-. -. - Maurice Francis Eg&n, LL. Dt,
Catholic University of America.
T , . n ?.. , „ ? Charles Horrwell, PL D.,
I. American Political Parties Northwestern urn^,^.
n. Twenty Lessons in French '
Conversation Ohwlotta Brewster Jordan,
Pnlladelphia.
IH Eecent Scientific Discoveries John Leverett Moora, Ph. d.,
Vassar Collega.
IV. Golden Ages Of Literature Joseph Vflliera Dennay, A. M.,
V. Photography for Amateurs Lucks a. Sherman, a. a. Ph. d..
ttt «• i* i m }• m ji» i University of Nabraaka.
VL Biographical Studies for Girls oii&ries Flint McCiumpha, a. bl. pld.
University of Minnesota.
John Carleton Jones, A. M., Ph. Dl,
University of Missouri.
The lectures and lessons of the several AmOS NojBS Currier, A. M., LL. IX,
courses are Dublished dally in the San University of low*.
r^r Hornby SSTTTEE f^* ?' £
cl«co Call. university er
Oh&rles W. Bsnton, M. A., Liti D..
University of Minnesota.
William J Hopkins. S. B ,
fl^ Drexel Institute.
Gy&Lg Professor Benno Kirschbaua,
C^^Q a Philadelphia.
* George W. Gilsoa,
Buffalo. N. T.
And others whoso names appear la con-
nection with the programme of studies.
operated. What was then abandoned has now been
revived by reason of the increased need of communi
cation with A<ia, as well as with Europe and by the
development of Alaska and Siberia.
Several wise observers of things political have con
vinced themselves that the Southern Pacific Com
pany intends to reimburse U. S. Grant Jr. for the ex
penditures that did not make him a United States
Senator. Are these astute gentlemen aware that W.
F. Herrin is not the head of the claims department of
the railroad and that Huntingdon never acquired a
habit of spending money from sentiment?
Another Market-street dive has contributed another
murder to the history of local crime. Are the am
bitious, reorganized police aware that the center of
crime is not in Chinatown? Are they aware that
there are resorts in San Francisco that need suppres
sion perhaps more than highbinder societies?
Some of the men who give prestige to California
with their presence in the State Legislature are wink
ing knowingly, it is said, and saying that they have
the secret from the inside. They insist that for the
period of the extra session at least the middle name
of D. M. Burns is Mazuma or Mud.
ANOTHER YAWP FOR LIBERTY.
ABOVE the music and the roar of the marching
hosts of civilization and imperialism sounds
unexpectedly a voice demanding justice and
liberty and making sarcastic remarks about the white
man's divinely appointed mission to rule his brother
and elevate him. The voice comes from Samoa. It
is that of Malietoa Tanus and he complains of the
Americans, the British and the Germans as if they
were a pack of thieves instead of being the most en
lightened, liberal and moral people on earth.
Malietoa says the division of the Samoan Islands
between Germany and. the United States, by the
consent of Great Britain, is an outrage, a gross viola
tion of solemn treaties, an offense to the law of na
tions and a crime against humanity. He asserts that
the Americans, the British and the Germans came to
Samoa, promised fair things and received fair treat
ment. They agreed, he says, to guarantee the inde
pendence of the islands and the rights of the islanders
and in return for that guarantee received valuable con
sideration. They have now broken the agreement,
dismembered Samoa and divided it. as spoils of con
quest among themselves.
The old heathen in his rage goes so far as to de
clare that the civilization carried to Samoa by the
United States, Germany and Great Britain is not as
good as that which existed there before they came.
He even asserts that the ancient religion is better
than the new and was taught by better men. On
that delicate subject he has the impudence to say:
"The missionaries who graced our country with their
holy or unholy presence introduced the same religious
differences and hatreds against each other as per
tained at the hour in civilized states. The mission
aries live in palatial concrete houses, with all the
luxuries their countries can afford, and charge us
for Bibles and prayer books which, we understand, are
sent as free offerings."
TRANS-PACIFIC CABLE PROJECTS.
OLD-TIME wisdom, expressed in the proverb,
"It never rains but it pours," is fulfilled for
us in great enterprises as well !as in small
things. No sooner was it assured that the American
people were resolved to construct the, Nicaragua
canal than there came forth three companies, with
each a route of its own to 6upply the demand. So
also has it happened in the issue of atrans-Pacific tele
graph cable. Now that it is clear we must have a
cable, behold there are two offered to us.
The main project, that of laying a cable from some
point near San Francisco to Honolulu and from there
across the ocean to Asia, has long been under con
sideration and a bill is before Congress to provide
for it. A new scheme is now suggested and strongly
backed, that of running a wire overland to Alaska and
thence by way of the Alaskan islands to Asia and so
southward to Japan and the Philippines.
The promoters of the new enterprise make a good
offer. In a recent prospectus they say: "There are
two projects to connect North America with Asia
by means of cable. The promoters of one cable have
selected a long, roundabout, difficult route, in seas
deeper than any in which a cable has yet been laid
and through uninhabited ocean wastes. As this cable
will be very costly to build and maintain and com
mercially unremunerative and inefficient its backers
ask an annual subsidy from the United States of $400,
000. The promoters of the other cable have selected
the direct route, with commercial stations of great
importance at short intervals, the sea bottoms being
shallow and favorable and the stretches such that a
cable of the highest efficiency is easy to lay, operate
and duplicate, and its backers ask no' sub
sidy, but offer to the Government great privileges
and advantages. The long cable is via Honolulu to
Manila. The short cable is via Alaskan islands and
Japan to Manila. The promoters of the short cable
offer, to build it and in addition to lay a cable from
San Francisco to Honolulu for less than half. the cost
of the long cable via Honolulu to Manila."
The Alaskan project, while new in a certain sense,
is a revival of an enterprise that was under considera-
Ladles never have ar.y dyssiessia. after a
wineglass of Dr. Sieirert's Aafo«tur»
Bitters.
Personally- Conducted Excursions
In lmnrovtd wide-vntibuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars Tla Sasta Fe Route. Exnertecced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passenrers.
To Chicasa ar.d Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Mantreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. CS Market street.
Insolvent Iron-Boiler.
Charles 11. Taylor, iron roller fn the
Sacramento railroad shops, filed a peti-
tion in insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. His liabilities ar«
$2&4 50 and no assets.
Gulllet's Ire Cream ar.d Cakes. 905 Larkln st. #
We etamp your cams in gold letters
free of charge on all pocketbook3 and
other leather goods purchased at our
store. Trunks. Valises and Mexican
Carved Leather Work a 'specialty. San-
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend**.*
LOS ANGELES TIMES.
The legislative opponents of the election of D. M. Burns a f n !f e na o of 0t f 0r tn ? e ll1 in r a^J
to be vigilant in the utmost degree to avoid being caught in some °_ * h * ™£ r y
traps that will surely be set by the wily managers of the M *^an m a™pulat or
One of the dangers which members should especially »««* "^ caucS Is a
££iS iv-s thKfwJft. F h "• TT > to
prevent thS disgrace of the State through the election of Burns.
ESSlv^n^
b> ' Th* 0 Burn? force^ar^uXd but they do not yet hold victory within their
eagJr h |rfs U p Thea e n t^B U rns forces must, if they would win. present a solid and
?e^dTC l anot^^d^aSro^r^enTt^b^o. Better an unbreak
able deadlock than the election , .of so notoriously unfit a man as Dan Burns to the
S^gsSei S3 i? ft S^SS&Sj^^ggS:
sentlal object, let an appeal be made to every honest member of the Legislature.
s&°o U w t r ff? 1 8.. lO os?cSa nas^aifed'anVxfri^session. the opponents of Burn,
have no other alternative than to fight the matter out to tha end; and that end
Can Le b t C tffe^J^&ni. w^^ir^o^romisin, with ith . railjjg ; op
d-an^in Tell SS«=.ASV«g«
to them to make the strongest fight aga nstßurnsism .that has yet been made, and
to overcome that inlnulty. if it be within their power to do^so. And it Is.
The honor of California, the material Interests of the «> mra °nweanh and of
the coast, and the saving of the State to the Republican P a «X in 13C>-all these
supreme considerations demand that the opposition to Burns In the Legislature
shall stand fast, from first to last, like enduring granite.
PASADENA NEWS
Replying to the questions asked us on all sides, "Will Colonel Dan Burns
be elected? Don't you think Gage has things fixed? Would he have called the
special session if he hadn-t?" we wish to say that it is our emphatic belief that
Boss Burns hasn't got things fixed and we don't believe he will ever wear that
SenatoriaTtoga Thf fates are against him and so are the majority of the Repub^
lican members of the Legislature. Last week we consulted with all factions and
Arties In San Francisco Yesterday we had conferences with other legislators in
Los Angeles? as^e"l as with leaders there. According to all our Information"
are convinced that the Burns men are simply repeating their perennial bluit _of
last winter when they claim that they have the whole works and that Burns
will be elected. For our part we are in favor of going boldly in and calling that
bluff an.i electing somebody else. Since the tremendous expense must b« In
curredl there is an absolute demand that we do the work for which we are called
tne^hpr and that we do it quickly. Without a caucus Burns can hold a dead
lock till doomsday. Wkh a caucus and a majority against him the matter can
be Settled quickly. Even if Burns is knocked out In caucus he can retire in that
rool dlenlied way of his saving: "That is all I have held out for and let the v.UI
of the major lt? i govern" Governor Gage treated the members of the Legislature
mighty Shabbily in calling the extra session on so short a notice. But now that
we are compelled to be there next Monday the News favors going in w th a
vieor 'hat shall break any possible programme. There are three points to be
a mcd at T election of *a -representative Republican, the defeat of Dan Burns
and the finishing of the work without undue expense to the. State. A\ c are not
one of those who take such a pessimistic view of the situation as to say that
because opposition candidates are not thick Burns has us. \\ c think that Is an
element of strength A free field will permit the opposition to Burns to unite.
Colone Burns is not nearly m> black as he has been painted by a prejudiced,
bitter metropolitan press, vet as a political boss he has no more business to be
elected to serve this great Slate in the United States Senate than he has to rep
ro^nt us at St Peter's Judgment seat. If the Republican party must bear th s
wh He man" as ia burden It deserves the drubbing It will get at the polls this
fall at the hands of the people who don't want bossism to triumph.
SAN DIEGO TRIBUNE.
• • • The situation Is practically where it stood when the Legislature adjuumed.
except that the rank and Ale of the Republican party has had a chance to sex in
touch With its Legislative representatives, and this has not added to the strength
of Cindelarla Dan That he has a large following caused by the Influence of po-
UtlciS nreferxnent that the "loaves anJ fishes" patriots are still after Sta;e p;i
troMirS and ™poll«'l" admitted, but some of them careless as they are of their
V,tft«n^Q hnrrflv hive the coura?-» to plunge the party into Inevitable Jef.^at
ne P xt fall Mn'thla Estate merSy t°o paVth.lr debt to a railroad or to get a possible
G °T e heTx"ra C! 4^ Burns, and it behooves the Legislative
frlend« of U S Grant, and that gentleman himself, as a duty to the State and
the party to stand shoulder to shoulcVr In preventing the seating of this political
bartjrer-of .poll. In .the^upper
the Le-islature than neVas before. and the fight for a Southern California rep
resent*tlv a and a clean man should he carried hopefully to the end. with Grant a*
the standard bearer. ,_; .. :•. ... ... ? - ,-
SAN DIEGO UNION
• ? • Governor Gage might have been still more frank. He might have
niAinlv said the extra session is called for the express purpose of electing Dan
iPlM Burns United States Senator. For that is what the end will be. If this
wU nm aU fixed land arranged for the members of the Legislature would not
k Liw! fnUther Undoubtedly a canvass has been made and an agreement has
£ c « a i2«-hS by which the , Republicans will rro into a caucus on the Senator
shfp an" a? was known at th? regular session, a caucus will result in the elec
tlOn U wrl? f r rom this Senatorial steal, in which the northern part of the State
will secure w^at rightfully belongs to the south, the extra session will bear
watching on general principles. ...
MERCED EVENING SUN.
•'• • While California and the Republican party are at present shy one
qpnator many leading Republicans of the State have declared that "no Senator
I'S^^^W^^ii*^ froves
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PEDDLING— A. 8.. City. Tha **Uli«
of books by going from door to door Is
peddling and requires a license. Ton will
have to make application to tha PoUca
Department for a license.
IX THE JfAVT-C A. 8.. Kin* City.
Cal. Boys who desire to enter th« United
States navy as apprentices must b« be
tween the a?es of la and 17 at tim© ofen
llstment and must remain in th© senrlca
until 21 years of ago.
A LEASE— A. S.. Kelseirrffl*. CaL If a
man leases a faro tha lessee aad the les
sor each has a copy of the lease, and aa
a matter of precaution a copy thereof la
entered on the book of leases In the of3c«
of the County Recorder.
JOHN MEREDITH READ— S. R. It..
Falrfleld. CaL John Meredith Read, m.
diplomat, at one time a charge d'affaires
at Athens. Greece, was born In Philadel
phia February a. 1327, and died la Parts,
France. December 27, ISS6.
ROTAX HOUSES-A. S., City. Tfca
various royai houses of England have
been since the conquest: The Norrr-ana
date from K«6; the Plantageneta from
1154: House of Lancaster from 1339; House
of York from 1461; House of Tudor froni
1455; House of Stuart from 1503; House o^
Hanover from 171 1. and of this last Is Vic
toria, the reljrningr Queen, a descendant.
A CHARN'EL PIT— J. X., City. At
Paco, a suburb of Manila, there Is near
the cemetery a charnel pit In which the
bones of Individuals are or wer» dumped.
In th© cemetery there Is a large circular
arrangement of wall 3, with niches. In
which the dead are placed, and after a
time, when only bones remain, they aro
removed and dumped Into the pit to make
room for "new cases." When friends or
relatives cease to pay for niches tha bones
are thrown into the pit.
TUES D A Y *. JAN UARY 30. 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
FCBLICATION OFFICE. .Market and TUlrd. 9. F.
Telephone Slain IS6S.
EDITORIAL noOMS. . . .217 to 221 StFrenion St.
Telephone Mala 1874.
Delivered tor Carrier*. 15 Ont* Per Week.
Majrlf <~ople«. 5 Cents.
Term* l> v Mall. Including Postaeet
DAILY CALL flnolodlnir Sunday), one year. . fJfl.Ofi
DAIL.Y CAIA <lncludinir Snndar), « month*.. 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Srniidny?, 3 months., 1.r.0
DAILY CALL— Dy Mnffle .Month C'r
MM) A I CALL One Year 1-Z"
WUUKLY CALL One Year l-OO
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Cample eoplrs will be forwarded when requested
OAM.t.M) OKFICE DOS Broadiray
C. GEOnGB KROGMSSS.
Hissrrr Foreign AdvrrtMnc. Slarqaette Dalld
lnc. Chicago.
XEW YORK COIUieSPO.\DEXTi
C C. CAUL TON Herald Sonar*
SEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY MKE.\!i JR 29 Tribune Bulldtnß
CHICAGO >"E\VS STAXDSi
[brrmtn Bouse J P. O. »vr» Co. i Great North
ern Hotelt Vreaioat Bootei Auditorium Hotel.
JTEW YORK .\E\VS STAXDSi
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel j A. Brentano. 31 Cnlon
Mtirci Hurray Hill Hotel.
WA*HDk'fiTOJI CD. C.) OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. EXGLISH. Correspondent.
BBA3TCI* OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open until 8:30 o'clock;. 300 Hayes,
open until 9t30 o'clock. 630 McAUlster. open
until U.'SO o'clock. CIO l.«rkin. open until
UiZO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 1O
•-'clock. U»ni Market, corner Sixteenth, open
ootU 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open until U
o'clock. IOU Eleventh, open until U o'clock.
JfU*. corner Ttrenty-second and Kentucky,
open cd til 9 o'clock.
FUSION TROUBLES
RECENTLY a grand conventicle was held in
Nebraska, in which Colonel Bryan and certain
Populist leaders met and made a treaty, in
volving a fusion this year on the Presidential ticket
and a division of the spoils. As to the latter there
is no light upon the ratio, whether 16 Democratic to 1
Populist, , but it was decided that the Populist Na
tional Convention will be held a month in advance
of any other, and it will doubtless nominate Colonel
Bryan for President. It is believed that such action
will placate the Populist vote, a large section of
which in 1896 objected to taking him second
hand after he had been nominated at Chicago. It is
expected that the Democratic taste has become so
vitiated that it will take any dose Colonel Bryan will
choose to administer.
It will be seen that this plan for fusion is familiar, j
It was followed in California in 1898. Judge Maguire
was nominated for Governor by the Populists first,
signed their platform, partook of their communion,
found a family strawberry mark on them, and then he
was taken secondhand by the Democrats, and then
he was beautifully beaten by the people. Only a
politician who believes he is a man of destiny, born
with a caul, and having a horoscope that nothing can
knock out, would follow the example of such a plan
that had such a result.
The incidents of the Nebraska conventicle were
characteristic of the spirit Bryan has put into a
politics that affects his interests. It is the spirit of
intense intolerance. His organization does not per
mit the discussion of plans or policies. It adopts them
and then excludes all who wish discussion. In the
call for the B^-an Populist meeting at Lincoln, is
sued by the Nebraska member of the Populist Na
tional Committee he said: "Those supporting
Barker and Donnelly should not be permitted to
take part in the meetings of our committee or in
the convention."
Barker and Donnelly are opposed to the commit
tee concluding the action of the convention in ad
vance of its meeting. They desire the gathering of a
free convention to discuss the policy of fusion and
of Colonel Bryan's nomination, upon which the com
mittee has already decided. Therefore because they
wish the convention to be a deliberative body, to dis
cuss principles and policy and decide after exami
nation, rather than merely record a decision already
reached by the committee, they are calmly ruled out
by Colonel Bryan's dictation, and only those who
favor his nomination and the fusion will be ad
mitted.
It is doubtful if bossism ever went to greater ex
tremes in American politics. The Populist National
Convention will meet. All opposition will be ex
cluded. Colonel Bryan will be nominated and the
country will be called to admire the unanimity of as
cription to his great talents and popularity. And ha
sits down with the Populist committee and deliber
ately plans his own nomination and indorsement
and excludes from the counsels and conventions of
the party all who oppose him!
It is strange that any man of sufficient sense to find
his own mouth with his food should expect to fool
the country by such artifices. It is perfectly well
known that California, New Jersey, Xew York and
Maryland would send to the Democratic National
Convention, under the regular call, solid gold dele
gations, opposed to the Populist fusion and opposed
to Bryan's nomination. But it is equally well known
that if this were done that convention would give
such delegations a dose of the same medicine Colonel
Bryan has prescribed for objecting Populists. They
would be excluded from the convention, just as the
Dakota, Nebraska and Michigan delegations were in
1596, and their seats would be filled, if necessary, by
men who were not candidates in the State conven
tions. So it is recognized as useless to try for a
hearing, even, in the Democratic convention. Colonel
Bryan will be nominated by the fusion, and self
respecting Democrats and Populists will see to it
that his kind of bossism is killed so dead that it will
never have an imitator.
NO!
SHALL BURNS BE SENATOR
NO!;
THE POLICE MUDDLE.
the musical march of civilization since the new year
began. It is clear that Malietoa Tanus is not much
better than 'Aguinaldo or Oom Paul. With an in
gratitude that is "something awful" he assails the
white men who are bearing his burden and trying to
educate his intellect. It will do no good to say he is
There certainly ought to be a bond of sympathy
between the defeated British in South Africa and the
people in San Francisco. Her Majesty's troops are
struggling against a. deadly "kop" and the people of
this city are engaged in suppressing an absurd "cop."
By way of further specifications of damage done to
Samoa the uproarious complainer declares the mis
sionaries have taken many thousands of dollars from
the islanders and have given them nothing but an
assurance that, "the largest givers would be most ac
ceptable in the sight of God."
Altogether the scream of this deposed barbarian is
one of the most unpleasant things that has disturbed
tion before the Atlantic cable was laid. It was then
proposed to connect the telegraph systems of the
United States with those of Europe by a line running
from Alaska across Siberia, and a survey was made of
nearly the whole route before the triumph of Cyrus
Field showed that ocean cables could be laid and
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. H. Boygle, a Seattle capitalist, is at
the Grand.
Drurv Melone is registered at the Palace
from Oak Knoll. •. •
H. H. Hunter is at the Grand from his
home in S&n Jose.
Naval Officer John P. Irish returned
yesterday from a visit East.
Charles B. Younger Jr., an attorney of
Santa Cruz, is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. S. N. Griffith of Fresno
are staying at the Occidental.
B. B. McGinnls. a prominent attorney
of Hanford, is a guest at the Lick.
p. \V. Perry, a wealthy mining man of
Reno, New. is a guest at the Palace.
Captain A- B. Smith, a wealthy land
owner of Mexico, is registered at the
Lick.
President David Starr Jordan has come
up from Stanford and is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. del Amo of Los Angeles is at the
Occidental, accompanied by his wife and
family.
H. C. Nelson, one of the leading busi
ness men of Santa Barbara, is a guest
at the Grand.
Carl E. Lindsey, a prominent attorney
and politician of Santa Cruz. Is registered
for a short stay at the Lick.
Allan Cameron of Vancouver and "W. R.
Maclnnes,' two prominent Canadian Pa
cific officials, are registered at the Palace.
George "W. Meyers, a wealthy salmon
canner of Puget Sound, is registered at
the Occidental with his wife. They come
from their home in Portland, Or.
Among the prominent railroad men
who arrived here yesterday and will ar
rive to-day to attend the conference rela
tive to the adjustment of the new time
schedule from Ogden to Denver are: John
Francis, general passenger agent of the
Burlington and Missouri River; W. C.
Brown, general manager of the
Burlington*, route: John Sebastian of the
Rock Island lines; S. K. Hooper, general
passenger agent of the Denver and Rio
Grande; Colorvel D. C. Dodge, second vice
president and general manager, S. H.
Babcock traffic manager and George W.
Hlntz general passenger agent of the Rio
Grande Western.
The Fastest Train Across th« Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa P» Route.
Connectiß? train leaves S p. ra.. Monday,
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any Una to
tha Eaat. Ticket office. CS Market street.
GOOD GOVERNMENT.
S we have often insisted, it is not possible to
/ \ secure good government by the mere opera
tion of fundamental law.
Good government depends upon the uprightness
and unselfishness of those chosen to administer it
We never had confidence in the motives of Mayor
Phelan, since he has depended, from the beginning
of his public career, upon appeals to prejudice and
has never addressed an argument to the reason of his
fellow-citizens.
It is seen now that the new charter and the State
statutes have been defied and nullified by him in the
pursuit of his personal and selfish ambitions. He
sought the power of the ofnee he holds, not to up
rightJy administer it for the public good, but to build
up aa elaborate machine that would give him im
pulse and momentum toward further and what he
considers higher office-
This does not rest on what we say. The proof is
furnished by his supporters and not his opponents.
That he bartered the once of Chief of Police for
votes is established by his own admissions and in the
defense made for him by his organ, the Examiner.
That defense is in the characteristic shape of an at
tack on Senator Biggy, in which that gentleman is
subjected to a lot of pinto blackguardism and is ac
cused of treachery to Phelan in his refusal to sup
port Esola. That tells the whole story. It reveals
the cat escaping from the bag, and the African con
cealed in the woodpile. Mayor Phelan expects his
appointees to the independent commissions provided
by the new charter to redeem his ante-election prom
ises given to the Examiner push, and a failure is
treated as treason to the lord Mayor. It would be
equally a violation of official propriety and the purity
of elections law if the Mayor had involved himself
in a promise to use his official power to make the
fittest nian in the city Chief of Police. His effort to
make the enfittest Chief is all this and has added to it
the grossest public immorality.
It is well tnat in the first administration under the
new charter the people get this lesson. Phelan him
self in advocating the charter pursued a course cal
culated to inculcate a feeling of dependence upon the
instrument itself for good government The people
in his methods have been furnished an excellent ex
fcrcple of what to avoid in future elections and the final
effect upon local government will be good.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Voice of the Interior Press Raised in Protest
and in His Condemnation.
SEA AND LAND POWER.
ONE of ttic extraordinary incidents of the war
against the South African republics is a let
ter written by Captain A. T. Mahan of the
navy, chiding Americans for expressions of sympathy
with the Boers. In this epistle Captain Mahan says:
"There arc very many among us, myself certainly one,
who feel as strongly in favor of Great Britain as
others do of her opponents. Let us all be careful not
to provoke- one another by immoderate expressions
of opinions to which public meetings tend. Those
en one side provoke retaliation on the other side.
In the problems of the near future good understand
ing with Great Britain is too important for us to per
mit the impression that we are all against her here,
and we may find ourselves in an unseemly state of
party division for and against foreign states, as in
the beginning of this century between the French and
British parties. I avail myself of this opportunity to
say that, in my judgment, not only is the cause
of Great Britain just, but to have failed to uphold it
would have been to fail in national honor."
Perhaps Captain Mahan in his certainty of the high
authority of his own opinion fails to see that his is the
most irritating utterance yet heard in the whole af
fair. He deprecates division on the subject, at the
same time claiming the right to advise the suppres
sion of all public expressions adverse to his own
limitless championship of Great Britain! Nothing is
better calculated to cause extreme expressions than
his ill-advised letter. He declares that it is wrong to
be divided in opinion for and against foreign states!
Had he put his case as against any expression in the
affairs of foreign states he would have had some
standing in reason, which he now entirely lacks.
Captain Mahan is the author of a very able work
on "Sea Power," the possession of which he regards
as necessary to national life, and primacy in which,
possessed by any nation, makes it the dictator of the
v.-orld. Perhaps he sees his theory in danger in the
success of the South African republics. If Great
Britain fail in her aggression upon them her influ
ence wanes, notwithstanding her primacy of the seas.
Like all theories based upon the utility of unthink
ing force, Captain Mahan's may be examined to its
detriment. Its analogue was the senior theory that
the ownership of land power in the form of the great
est armies was a necessary guarantee of national life.
All of the empires and experiments at empire,
from Babylon to Bonaparte, were based on that theory
and they all failed and fell. The professional advo
cates of the righteousness of might now fallback upon
the sea. as history has driven them from the land. Aside
from the academic discussion of this theory, the
American people have always sympathized with the
effort of any others to establish and sustain repub
lican government. We have gone further than this.
We have even sympathized with those who by brave
revolution have sought a change of dynasty in the
hope and expectation of bettering themselves in
their material condition. Instinctively, then, Amer
icans are for the Boers. In this they stand with Bryce
and Go!dv.-m Smith, and the philosophers and thinkers,
to whom England is indebted for a fame that will
outlive her conquests and survive her empire. They
are stung, therefore, by such chiding as comes from
the author of "Sea Power." Amongst them are those
as well qualified as he to judge of the righteousness
of England's pretensions in South Africa, and they
resent, with proper spirit, his judgment of what con
stitutes the national honor of Great Britain and our
obligation to uphold it as if we were subjects of the
crown. His letter is untimely and unfortunate and
republican America is sorry that it was written at all.
It will produce a contrary effect to that which he
intended. If he think that the public meetings of
Americans, expressing sympathy with the Boers, pro
voke those who hold with him to retaliate, he is at
liberty to proceed with retaliation. Halls are open for
the cost of the rent and meetings to sympathize with
Great Britain in the destruction of republics will be
treated with all tolerance.
there is never any great harm done by competition
in telegraphy and to the public two cables are very
likely to prove cheaper than one.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1900.
AN INFORMAL
GOLF DANCE
Nine Young Ladies Enter
tain at the Presidio
Links.
Nine young ladles, members of the Pa.i
Francisco Golf Club, gave a delightful
dance last evening In their clubrooms cut
at the Presidio. It was an informal af
fair and -altogether as Jolly and congenial
as entertainments of such a nature a.*
ways are.
The dancers, one hundred In number.
took possession of the two bright, pret'.y
living rooms of the club, which for tht
occasion were artistically decorated wlsn
ferns and huckleberry vines. The lunch
room was made to do duty as a supper
room, and there a delicious menu was
discussed between the dances.
The ladles who had the affair In char-a
were: Miss Mary Scott, Misa Cora Sme4
berg. Miss Caro Crockett. Miss Ella Mor
gan, Miss Therese Morgan. Miss E''ifi
Mcßean. Mlia Carrie Taylor. MiS3
Oenevieve Carolan and Miss Al
ice Hoffman. Although the affair w«
given by devotees of the Scotch game and
the rooms of the club did duty for a rial
room, there wan nothing suggestive of the
"Hoot, mon" about the dance. The ladles
wore regulation ball gowns and tha gen
tlemen the usual dress society demands at
an evening? function.
If there la any manhood In th» San
Francisco Police Commissioners it would
seem natural that they should arise,
throw off the yoke and place some man of
ability in the Police Department who is
not tainted by charges of any. kind.
Where there is so much . smoke it is
natural to expect some fire, whether It
comes to light or not.
The reformers of the city are in a sad
plight. Their savior, James Phelan. is
charged with being a felon and liar by
Tho Call, and he refuses to bring a crim
inal or libel action. To most of the think
ing people this is a confession of the truth
of the charges.
un-American, un-German, un-British or uncivilized,
for he is just brutal enough to regard such statements
as compliments. The only thing to do is to appoint
a, censor f orihis tongue and forbid him to talk loud
even if he hire a hall.
AMUSEJIENTS.
©rpßeyra— Vanflevtlle.
Columbia— "Otiello."
CaiUor^la— "ln Paradise."
Tlvoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Grand Opera-house— "Boccaccio."
Alha=br»— "Ills Better Halt."
Alcazar — "Peaceful YalJey."
Sherman-Clay Hail— Son*; Recital.
Cfcutes, Zoo aad Tbe«ier— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Vrealrj.
Olycijiia. censer Masca and HUls streets— £ peclaltles.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Turkish P.-t Co.— This day. at 11 a. m. aad 1 p. ox.
Tcrklsl: KagM, at Hi Stockton street.
By Boston, Cdrtdce & Co.— Tuesday, February 6, at 12
•/cloci. 2l^ai Estate, at CCS Market street.
6New Timetable.
The Sierra Railway Company has issued
time table No. 11. to take effect Febru
ary 1.- A train is scheduled to leave Oak
dale dally at 2:35 p. m., arriving at Car
ters, the present terminus, at 6:15 p. m.
The down train leaves Carters at 5:13 a.
ra.. arriving at Oakdale at 9:50 a. m. The
entire distance covered Is 56V4 miles.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
"Jnst Dropped in on Mother."
SOL S;v\l-T"H RUSSELL'S
Beautiful Pastoral Play,
Peaceful Valley
MATINEE SATCRDAT AND SUNDAT.
Jgg RESERVED SEATS %%%
Next Week-FRIENDS
Engagement of MARY HAMPTON.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
January 21 to February 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
£ay, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shloe.
Five or more races each day.
Kaces start at 2: IS p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Ban Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:20 and I p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dies and tnelr escorts: no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenus
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alaroeda mole con-
nect with 6an Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave tbe track at 4:16 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
Phroso for the complexion— healing, harm-
less and efficient. Sold by all druggists. •
New York City.
Note— This concludes "The World's
Great Artists" series. An examination will
be set as a basis for the granting of cer
tificates. "- '
CURE AT HOME.
Tou can put my Improved Electric
Belt around your waist when you go to
bed. set the regulator so as to give il.e
force of the current that you like, and
go to sleep with the soothing- vital-
izing influence pouring through your
body. It brings you health and
strength.
RHEUMATISM,
Lame Back. Kidney Troubles, Varico-
.¦"cle. Nervous and Vital Weakness and
many other troubles are quickly over-
come by this method. It will cure the
most aggravated cases in a few days.
Call and test it if you can, or send
for my booklet telling about it free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
TO2 Market St., cor. Kearny, S. F.:
Burdiok Block, cor. Spring and Second
Sis.. Los Angeles.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FIRST GREAT AMERICAN PORTRAIT PAINTER.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE \A/ORLD'S GRE/\T ARTISTS.
Contributors to this course: Dr. John C. Van Dyke, Dr. Russell Stursis, Dr. A. I* «
FrothlnKhain Jr., Arthur Hoeber. Frank Fowler and others.
XIV— GILBERT STUART.
Details of the life of Gilbert Stuart, the
greatest of the early American painters
and surely one of the most remarkable
of the art products of this country, are
singularly lacking. He left behind him al
most no papers but a few letters and
practically no data upon which to build
up a biography. One is obliged to turn
to personal anecdotes from some of his
old friends and patrons, and the memo
ries of his daughter Jane, to get an idea
of the man. This daughter was an esti
mable lady In every respect, but she had
only a limited notion of the larger side
of her father's life and no sense of humor,
and with her the commonplaces took on a
proportion quite beyond their value. So
it is after all by his works alone that Stu-
him famous. Fairly overrun with com
niasions. so great was his popularity. In
jrder to work with something like tran
quillity he subsequently moved out to
Germantown. However, he had found
time in Philadelphia for social gayety.
contributing himself with his sprightly
taik and his music in no small measure
to the success of the entertainments, and
he paintftl such important personages as
Mrs. Washington. Mrs. ningham. tha
Marchioness d'Yrujo. Mrs. Madison, Mrs.
Lawrence Lewis and many others.
From Philadelphia Stuart went to
Washington in ISO 3. and after three years*
residence there he removed to Boston,
where he remained until his death.
Through all these later years he was still
as improvident as ever and careless In all
matters relating to his personal affairs.
When the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine
Arts WTote offering him $1500 for a full
length of Washington he never even an
swered the letter; and to a request from
GILBERT STUART.
art's memory will always be kept green—
and what more could an artist ask? His
name ever will be associated primarily
with the Washington portraits he painted
—their name was legion— and his canvases
command great respect everywhere, for
he was a portrait painter of a high order,
unquestionably the best of all Americans.
Gilbert Stuart was born on December 3,
1755, near Newport, in Narragansett Coun
ty, Rhode Island. His father kept a mill
for grinding snuff, which he gave up later,
moving with his family to Newport, where
his son went to school and received a fair
education. Like most great artists, Gil
bert bad at an early age an Intuition for
drawing; he covered barn doors and walls
with his sketches. These were subse
quently seen by an English physician, who
took a lively Interest In the lad and fur
nished him with his first paints and
brushes. At 13. without having had any
Instruction, Stuart was painting portraits,
his earliest commission being for Jo.ia
Bannister and wife of Newport, persons
who were prominent socially. The can
vases are still preserved. In 1770 for the
first time In his life he had the help of
some one more or less qualified to advise
him intelligently— a Scotch artist named
Cosmo Alexander, who settled for two
years in Newport. On Alexander's return
to England Stuart accompanied him.
Unfortunately, the trip was not a suc
cess. Stuart painted a few portraits and
found a patron who sent him for a while
to the University of Glasgow. The pa
tron died shortly after befriending the
artist, and Stuart, finding it difficult to
make a livelihood, took passage back to
America, happily to find Instant encour
agement, particularly among the wealthy
Jews of Rhode Island. Realizing his lack
of preliminary training, together with a
friend named Waterhouse he secured mod ¦
els and studied in the evening, drawing
from the nude. With the troublous times
of 1775 sitters ceased to come to his studio,
business was at a standstill and Stuart
made up his mind to return to England,
there to , become a pupil of Benjamin
West. That old Pennsylvanlan was set
tled in London enjoying the favor cf the
King and the patronage of the nobility.
In 1792 West succeeded Sir Joshua Rey
nolds as president of the Royal Academy.
West was one of the kindliest of men.
with gracious manner and much personal
charm, and although he was an indiffer
ent painter It Is probable that he- made
an excellent teacher. At any rate Stuart
at the age of 22 was domiciled in his fam
ily and, under his tuition, studying hard.
A musician as well as an artist, Stuart
in his odd moments had learned to play
on several instruments. He was an ex
cellent performer on the organ, and he
helped himself out in a financial way by
playing that Instrument in a London
church. About this time he painted a
portrait of the Duke of Northumberland,
and he assisted his master on many of
his large compositions, for West had a
way of painting enormous historical and
mythological pictures, covering many
square yards of canvas, the value of
which, unfortunately for the memory of
West, has not increased with time. He
was also attending the discourses of Sir
Joshua Reynolds, studying anatomy with
the famous Dr. Cruikshank and drawing
during the evening at the life school, for
he was always a man with great capacity
for work. Nathaniel Dance, the well
known portrait painter, became- interested
In Stuart's work, and noting Its excel
lence strongly advised him to take a
studio and set up for himself. This he
did, and among his first sitters were Ben
jamin West and Sir Joshua Reynolds,
who helped him into Immediate note, for
at once he became successful. He entered
at once on a life of extravagance, and,
although the money flowed In rapidly, it
disappeared quite as fast. He not infre
quently had six sitters In a day. In 1756
he married a Miss Coates and later took
her to Ireland, where he had many por
trait engagements, and was no less suc
cessful than he had been in London. It
had been his strong desire for many years
to paint an Important portrait of Georsre
Washington, so now, unable to resist this
inclination, in the midst of a highly pros
perous career In Dublin he packed up his
effects and sailed for America, landing In
New York In 1792.
He who had gone away a poor lad to
seek his fortune had now come back a
successful man with a European reputa
tion, and Immediately he. was besieged
with patrons. He entertained liberally;
he was foolishly extravagant; he had no
Idea of business, . and again the money
went out perhaps even more quickly than
It came in. Meanwhile he had taken care
to obtain a letter of Introduction to
Washington from John Jay, and Congress
then being In session he went to Phila
delphia to meet the great patriot. A
house was secured on the corner of Fifth
and Chestnut streets, and there It was he
painted the first of his series of many
Washington portraits, destined to make
the Academy of Florence for bis own por
trait—a great distinction, by the way— ho
paid no attention. In I<C3 his health began
to fail, but he worked on intermittlngly.
completing a portrait of Mrs. Samuel Hay
ward, his last work, in the spring of tha
year IS2J*. He died on July 27 of this year,
at the age of 72. He had a curious dispo
sition; at times he was ;he most charming
of men; at others rough and irritable.
He made many enemies and even alienat
ed friends who knew the real warmth of
his heart; without the slightest cause h«
would abandon a picture, and nothing, not
even a woman's tears, could induce him
to continue; although a wonderful money
maker, he died poor, leaving bis family
entirely unprovided for.
Stuart's first portrait of Washington cre
ated a genuine sensation in Philadelphia.
It was followed by the celebrated full
length, a commission from the Marquis of
Lansdowne, which is known as the "Lana
downe portrait." It is now owned by a
Mr. Lewis In London; it was exhibited at
the Centennial in Philadelphia in ISTd by
courtesy of the owner. Of this, as of many
other of his Washington portraits. Stuart
made numerous replicas. The greatest of
Stuart's portraits rs known as the Gibbs-
Charming portrait, originally painted in
1795 for Colonel George Gibba; it was sold
io his sister, Mrs. William Ellery Chan
fning. and is now owned by her son. Dr.
Charming. Still another famous work is
known as the "Athenaeum portrait." of
which the artist made about fifty replicas.
The canvas was purchased of Stuart's
widow and presented with its pendant of
Mrs. Washington to the Athenaeum. Boa
ton, hence Its title. It is now in the Bos
ton Museum of Fine Art 3.
In Stuart'a day the standard for tha
American painter was practically that set
by Sir Joshua Reynolds; his was the pre
vailing style of work in London, and Sir
Joshua's manner was a good one to fol
low, or at least.-by which to be influenced,
for he was a man with a fine color sense.
a portrait painter of the first class, anrt
generally well equipped in all the tech
nique of his profession. Ruskin. calling
him the "prince of portrait painters."
places him among the seven great color
ists of the world; his work may be de
scribed as that of the older masters seen
through a fine personality and lnterpreteil
In an Individual way. There Is no such
thing as originality pure and simple in
art, for If the inspiration be not directly
traced to some previous master, then It
Is nature that has given the hint, or in
some way,directed the channel of thought.
In the style of most men. If the search
Is continued long and carefully enough,
one may find the mainspring of the in
fluence, and this holds true in the. history
of all races; the one took from the other,
improving possibly, perfecting, or amal
gamating, until the original was very
nearly lost; but the source to the student
is discoverable all the same. So we may
find in the portraits of Stuart the lama
qualities that permeated those of Rey
nolds, seen through a sturdy, vigorous In
dividuality.
DYNAMITE ENDS
HARRELSON'S LIFE
Local Contractor Killed
at Millbrae.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILLBRAE, Jan. 29.— Claude E. Har
relson, a member of the firm of Qulmby
& Harrelson of San Francisco, which has
the contract to crush rock for the county
roads in this supervisorial district, was
instantly killed at 9 o'clock this morning
by an explosion of dynamite.
Harrelson, who has been acting as en
gineer at the quarry here, was seen work
ing at a forge but a few moments before
the explosion. The presumption is he was
thawing out a stick of dynamite. The
body was horribly disfigured, parts be
ing found a considerable distance from the
scene of the accident. The building near
by, which has been occupied as a bunk
house by the men employed at the quarry,
was badly demolished.
Coroner Crowe has taken charge of the
remains and brought them to Redwood
City, where an inquest will be held to
morrow. Deceased was a native of Cali
fornia, aged id years and unmarried.
Large Custom-House Receipts.
The largest single day's collection on
record was made yesterday In the San
Francisco Custom-house, the receipts be
ing $9«,632 08. The usual dally average is
from $20,000 to ,25,000.
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
appointed the following employes of tha
school department carpenter shop: W. E.
Commary. clerk, J4 per diem; P. Connor.
L. H. Nolte, John if. Wier. Charles Ber
dahl and J. Boyle, carpenters at $3 50. per
diem; Thomas J. Farrell. plumber at $4
per diem: James V. Russell, helper at
$2 50 per diem; P. E. Lear, electrician at
S3 50 per diem.
Resolutions were adopted providing that
the Superintendent of Public Buildings be
authorized to make repairs within the
limit of CS without reference to the board
when the case does not admit of delay.
Fly« hundred pyrography outfits now In
stock. $5. SS and V each. Skins, Leather
and Wooden Articles for burning and de-
signs to work from. Sanborn, Vail 6 Co..
741 Market street. •
WONZOD IS ACQUITTED.
Jury Recognizes His Right to Defend
TTia Waffles.
John F. Wonzod, . a Cliff House mer
chant, has been exonerated by a Jury In
Judge Cook's court for his alleged offense
In pulling a gun and tremblingly present
ing it in defense of his honor when Jen
nie Cohen said he put sand in his waffles.
After pulling the gun to defend the repu
tation of his waffles Wonzod was arrested
and charged with an assault with a dead
ly weapon. After various witnesses had
testified to the facts of the alleged as
sault, none of whom could swear that
the weapon was loaded. Judge Cook said
it was strange that the defendant had
been held to answer and ordered the Jury
to acquit the defendant, which was done.
Interesting Telegram.
The following message, received a week
ago yesterday, is self-explanatory:
NEW YORK. Jan. 22. 1300.
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar,
San Francisco.
Tour offer 37c on the dollar for entiro
balance of this season's stock Cloaks,
Dresses, Skirts and Waists accepted. Will
express Wednesday. 24th.
S.. ROSSEFF & CO.
S. Rosseft* & Co. Is a leading New York
firm of ladies' wholesale tailors, the ex
cellence of whose garments are well
known on this coast. The above very
large purchase will be here and on snla
Monday, February 5. Extra salespeople
and wrappers wanted. Apply at cloak
department, second floor. •
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authcrity, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Anyone Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss of
Time From Work.
To the thousands upon thousands of ruptured
people who are torturing themselves with
trusses and in momentary danger of death from
strangulation Dr. W. S. Rice. 418 L. Main
street, Adams, N.
T., will send free
y^^S^JS^^^, to all a trial of
jy f^ VaV his famous method
// I «X v. ¦ thßt bM iav * d bo
If I \V many lives and
If V\ made so many ,
! r»9^S?si 1 V raen - wom ' n and
I ] ) children well and
U A , / «fong and perma-
\\ .llf.v^* 2Ka&N/ nently cured of old
\VWSBBIk! •' ' 2B©jy and difficult rup-
'X'JjSfeiffitoiu "XLsy tures. Do not be
/^-^fWte£i ¦££[ backward about
(&T^;^,CX KCTL writing for the
J^fl^Jifi'if^H. free trial. It will
V'i?i»ji I t»nPV^'A-* « c° et y° u nothing
V&%&J,i:''<r and wlil enable
XSafiRS/^ you to se« how
•XjfW-v- easily you can cure
w *r ,^, IU yourself in a very
M. K. LTMAN. ehort time without
losing: an hour from work. Dr. Rice Is deter-
mined that every suffering: man or woman shall
know the wonderful truth that rupture can be
cured and he therefore generously sends, pre-
paid by mail, his method, absolutely free, and
you can make a free trial of It. W rite to-day
without fail, as you cannot afford to miss this
free and generous offer. •
Mr. M. K. Lyman. a highly esteemed citizen
of Delray. Fla., says: "The Dr. Rice method is
a remarkable cure. I had an old rupture that
defied everything, but in three weeks there was
no protrusion and I have remained sound and
well ever since. I heartily recommend Dr. Rice
to every sufferer." Do not fall to write at once
(or the free trial and thus cure yourself at home
without, pain, danger -or detention from the
day's work. "Write at once. Commence now
and before tbe heavy work of spring begins you
will be cured sound as a dollar.
Write to Dr. W. S. Rice. 418 I* Main Bt,
Adams. N. T. Tou will never regret having
done so. .
GAPE _NOME!
Al SHIP COLUMBIA. CAPACITY 2700
tons. Bailing on or about April 10. Ap-
ply Alaska Navigation and Commercial
Co., office with LEWIS. ANDERSON &
CO.. 26 East street. LOWEST RATES.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SDO >OT DESPAIR ! DonotSut-
fer Longer! Tbe Joj> and amMUoni' of
life can be restored to you. The rerj
wontc»»eiof .Vcrroni Debility are
absolutely crartd by PEttFECTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to In-
somnia failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers. Incurred by
Indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart rljror and potency to eTery func-
tion. Brace up the aystem. Give <jWk bloom to tbe
cheeks and lustre to tbe eyes of fcjT\7onng or old.
One 6oc box Ttnr w« rital energy. " I.' JO boxes «t
11. to » complete guaranteed cure y^ fi if or money re
funded. Can be carried In Te«t ><«b* p ' pocket, fold
erery where, or rnalied in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUX PEUrKCTO CO.. Cast** BMf., Cblt.fo, 111.
gold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
DR-HALL'S KEINYIGORAIOR PgIii
Five hundred reward for any o&a Vgß^
ease w« cannot cur*. This secret B1"11B 1 " 11 •""Ijj
remedy stops all losses In 24 1 g -», -W
nours. cures Emissions,, Impo- g-y/1 j*-^tj
teney, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea. |7|Tl P/illl
G>-t. Fits. Strictures. Lost 'jfcjtf §*¦£>:
Mcchood and ail wasting- effects #3gLJSB&I
of self-abuse or excesses. S-nt •
sealed. $2 bottle; S bottles. *5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE. ?55 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 11734 Market St., S. F. All private
£lE«aees quickly cured. Bend for free book.
••iwSr^wJl remedy for Gonorrhoea.
"ygJa^CCnEiTWa Olet-t, Sp«rmatorrheel,
/\??y 'n l tos««y«.>£| >vhite«, unnatural dls>
IBGjf Gunnuej H cbargfi. or any inflamma-
K*toW ec» to Btrittor*. tion, irritation or ulcera.
jr* *& "rtT'nti oocutlan. tlon ot o neons mem-
ffi>yKEEvASSCHE*!rnCQ. t-ranes. Non-astringent
'fe^flkC'it'dtATl.O.gßH * old b > *>ni«i*U,
XjSSX c. ".. i. s|§r ?r? r nt ll > PMn wrapper.
DESPONDENT GRIPMAN
ASPHYXIATED BY GAS
MARTTX H. MORRIS, a gripman era
ployed on the Cliff and Ferries road,
residing with his family at 2750 A
Bush street, committed suicide Sun
day night by asphyxiating himself with
illuminating gas. Before he came to this
city he was engaged in farming near
Benicia, and when he left to engage in
the mere monotonous occupation of a
gripman, a friend of his was indebted to
him for a large sum of money. The de
ceased was very despondent over financial
matters, and was very much disappointed
because of his failure to collect the sum
due him. At 11 o'clock on Sunday night
he told his wife that he was going out for
a walk. That was the last she saw of
him alive.
At 8 o'clock yesterday morning his wife
detected a strong odor of gas coming from
the direction of the parlor, and found the
dead body of her husband there. Both
gas jets were turned on full force.
It is believed that Morris had a suicidal
taint in his blood, a brother of his having
committed suicide several years ago.
The deceased was a native of California,
32 years old. He left a widow and a two
and a half year old baby.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Bail for Bernard Ward.
Bernard Ward was convicted last De
cember of embezzlement and sentenced to
seven years in the State prison. at San
Quentln. From this Judgment he appeal
ed to the Supreme Court and requested
the Judge of the Superior Court to fix
tail pending appeal. This was refused,
and ward applied to the Supreme Court
for a writ of habeas corpus, setting up
the plea that confinement in the County
Jail was injurious to his health. The Su
preme Court upon ascertaining that the
condition of Ward's health was such that
a few months' confinement there might
result in his death made an order yes
terday that he be released in $7000 bail.
CATHOLICISM THE
CHURCH OF AGES
ADDRESS BY THE BEY. FATHER
YOBKE.
Y. Iff. I. Lecture Series 3>raws Large
Crowd to Metropolitan Temple.
Hundreds Turned Away
From the Boors.
Rev Peter C. Yorke delivered the first
of the new series of Y. M. I. lectures last
evening at the. Metropolitan Temple. The
hall was crowded to Its greatest capacity
and hundreds were turned away from the
doors. Theodore J. Savage, president of
the lecture bureau, Introduced Father
Yorke, who was bailed with cheers and
long prolonged applause. He character
istically remarked that the people were
putting the encore at the wrong end of
the lecture. Then he paid a compliment
to the Young Men'B Institute for provid
ing the lectures. The Institute had orig
inated the idea of the lectures, he said,
when there were people who were willing
to proscribe a large portion of the com
munity because of their conscientious ad
herence to their ancient faith. That time
had passed but the lectures still had their
uses. Bigotry was not ended. A storm
had passed, but any breath might again
waken another, even as the surface of the
ocean was stirred by any gale. The lec
tures had the useful purpose of instruct
ing the great body of non-Catholics con
cerning the real facts of Catholicism-
Father Yorke then spoke on the subject
"Catholicism, the Church of the Ages."
He was frequently interrupted as he be
came more eloquent. He said the church
came to the civilization of Rome and
Greece and said to them that it had a
message they must hear; one upon which
all civilization must depend. They
laughed in scorn, proud of their legions,
of their government, of their learning.
They had passed away. All that now
remained of what then existed was the
then despised church. At various times
in the history' of the world the nations,
Germanic and French, had become proud
and had derided the church. What was
known as Protestantism had survived
about 300 years; but from Its 1000 sects
came discordant voices. The church had
been the same. It was adapted to ancient
times; It Was adapted to the present; it
was the church of the ages.
On the stage were many clergymen and
officers of the Y. M. I. Professor Harri
son played the organ at the beginning
and end of the exercises.
j. O'BRIEN & GO. WILL PLAGE ON SALE
r THIS DAY |"
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED SILK AND
SATIN WAISTS, value for $5; will be closed
out at $3.50
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED SILK
WAISTS, value for $6.50; will be closed out at.. $5.00
LADIES' BLACK SERGE SKIRTS, tailor-mads;
value for $10; will be offered at $5.00
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, 30 inches long; former
price $25; marked down to $12.50
LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES, odd sizes; reg-
ular price $1 ; will be closed out at Pair 50C
J. O'BRlfiN & CO.
1146 Market Street,
Bet. Taylor and Mason.
MAYOR PHELAN
WINS HIS FIGHT
FOR PATRONAGE
Supervisors Remove
Five Clerks.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
finally submitted to the dictates of Mayor
Phelan regarding patronage in the office
of the clerk of the board, and as a con
sequence five employes felt the keen edge
of the ax in order to make room for Phe
lan's favorites. The board met in secret
caucus immediately before the regular
session and Charles Fay, who represents
Phelan in affairs political, was busy
handing out a little typewritten slip con
taining the names of those slated for the
official plums. The elate was broken,
however, in one instance, that of James
Donahue, who was selected to succeed F.
J. Silvey as requisition clerk. There was
some hitch on this name and Silvey was
permitted to remain temporarily.
Several Supervisors held out for the re
tention of the old office force In its en
tirety on the ground of efficiency, but
they were overruled by a majority of
their brethren. The resolution providing
for the official decapitation does away
with the services of John Hamill J. S.
Thompson, George Phelps, John Elliott
and J. R. Klrby. It is as follows:
Resolved, That all positions In the office of
the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors be de
clared vacant, and that the following persons
be appointed at the salaries named: John A.
Russell, clerk, $300 per month; C. E. Williams,
expert, 5175 ; assistant clerks— John H, Ryan,
John S. Bannermann, Thomas B. McGinniss
and John E. Behan, at 1150 per month each; P.
H. McKenna, John Llnehan and F. J. Silvey
at $125 per month each; sergeant-at-orms, R.
\\\ Anderson, $100 per month.
Stephen Potter was also slated for the
lucrative position of stenographer for the
investigations to be pursued by the board
in regard to water and gas rates, but
there was a legal defect in the ordinance
creating the position. Some argument re
sulted and Clerk Russell Inadvertently
read the name of the slated individual,
which somewhat embarrassed the Mayor,
though he 'smiled feebly at Russell's slip
of the tongue.
The Finance Committee was directed to
report to the board at the next meeting
regarding the issuance of bonds voted for
at the recent elections, so that the Issu
ance may be hastened. At Supervisor
Reed's suggestion it was decided to re
quest the City Attorney to bring a test
suit condemning ono lot on the proposed
panhandle, to decide the validity of the
bond issue.
The board adopted a resolution request
ing the City Attorney to prepare an ordi
nance repealing the first division of sub
division 48, section 10, order 1559, relating
to nickel-in-the-slot machines and impos
ing licenses thereon. The specific clause
recommended for repeal by the License
and Order Committee is that which
provides for a license on card machines.
The committee holds that these machines
are games of chance and should be sup
pressed.
Resolutions authorizing the purchase of
four horses for the Almshouse and two
for the Coroner by the chairman of the
Health Committee provoked considerable
discussion. Supervisor Reed held that the
theory of the charter was to separate leg
islative and executive functions. He said
that the resolution was in direct conflict
with section 1, chapter 111, providing that
all contracts for supplies not otherwise
specifically provided for must be made by
the Supervisors with the lowest bidder.
The adoption of the resolution was post
poned until after the Health Committee
has considered It.
The following resolutions were adopted
and provide:
That the clerk of the board be directed to
Insert In all advertisements for proposals a
clause requiring every person to whom a con
tract Is awarded to pay the cost of advertising.
That the City Attorney be authorized to pub
lish the summons in the euit of the city
against Victor Albouze et al. for the condemna
tion of property to be acquired for the pro
posed St. Marys Square.
That the Committee on Printing and Salaries
be directed not to approve any demands for
stationery or printing that contain the name
ot the head of the department.
That the Judiciary Committee consult with
the Mayor for the purpose of selecting styles
of seals for the several departments and of
fices as provided in the charter.
The following petitions were referred to
committees:
From the Bookbinders Protective and Bene
ficial Association, submitting a copy of a reso
lution adopted by it requesting that no bids
on bookbinding or on supplies in which book
binding is Involved be awarded to firms who
do not pay union or fair rates of wages, stating
that at present all the employing bookbinders
pay such rates with one exception.
From merchants requesting that the ordin
ance Imposing a license of BO cents a quarter on
telephone instruments be so constructed that
It will not Impose a tax upon private telephone
Instruments. •
From the Gas Consumers* Association for per
mission to reattach its automatic gas regula
tor to all city meters.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and re
ferred to the proper committees:
Property owners, requesting that an electric
light suspended over the middle of the crossing
of Twenty-sixth and Folsom streets be substi
tuted for the present light on the southwest
corner of those streets: J. Anderson, for permis
sion to extend show window in front of prem
ises at 1566 Market street; Holly Park and Mis
sion street Improvement Club on behalf of prop
erty owners for the opening of Richland avenue
and Eaet Park street to Andover avenue; Ju
lius S. Godeau, for permission to maintain a
portico and marble steps extending 2 11-12 feet
over the street line In front of premises at 305
Montgomery avenue; property owners, calling
attention to the condition of Webb street, be
tween Sacramento and California; merchants
and property owners, for the placing of an eleo
trio light at the crossing of Sansome and 'Wash
ington streets; property owners, for an electrlo
light at the crossing of Sixteenth and Bryant
streets; City Street Improvement Company, for
permission to construct and maintain a spur
track from tracks of the Southern Padflo Com
pany Into and upon that portion of Mission
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1900.
block No. 60. owned by petitioners and bounded
by Seventeenth, Harrison, Elehteenth and Di
vision streets; Bunnyslde District . Progressive
Improvement Club, for the repair of damage
caused by rains on Sunnyside avenue and Edna
and Baden streets: same, for electric lights at
Flood and Circular avenues. Flood avenue, be
tween Congo and Detroit streets, Joost avenue,
near Acadla street, Sunnyside avenue at Congo,
Edna and Foester streets, Foester street, be
tween Melroee and Mangels avenues; Mrs. Cas
sle ReyEllnger, for permission to suspend a
transparent slsn over entrance to 82ft Clay
street, y -
PROTESTS RECEIVED,
The following protests were received and re
ferred to the proper committees:
F. L Turpln, against granting permission to
Maurice Casey to construct an additional story
on the six-story building at 130 Ellis street.
REFERRED TO BOARD OF 'WORKS,
The Board of Public "Works was directed to
Investigate the following matters and report
back its recommendations:
Union Paving and Constructing Company's
private contract for the paving, etc., of Oak
wood street, south of Eighteenth, to ascertain if
same la a valid contract, if contractors have
authority to pave said portion of Oak wood
street by private contract and if they are mak
ing satisfactory progress with the work; J. J.
Dowllng & Co.'s petition for permission to
pave, etc., by private contract McAllister street,
between Baker and Broderick streets, and the
petition of the Pacific Paving Company for per
mission to do the same work by private con
tract; petition of J. K. C. Hobbs for the sweep
ing of Liberty street, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first, and the advisability of placing
other streets in the Illusion on the street
sweeping schedule; petition of the Precita Val
ley Improvement Club, requesting that the City
Street Improvement Company be compelled to
fulfill Its contract to grade Bernal Park and
that contractors who have the contract for con
structing sewers in Bryant street, between
Twenty-sixth and Army, be compelled to con
struct said sewers (with instructions to see that
the work is done without further delay); peti
tion of the San Francisco Brick Company for
permission to blast on block 14, Map A of the
Castro-street addition and the petition of Qulm
by & Harrelson for permission to blast on block
9 of the Flint Tract; petition of property owners
for the laying of artificial stone sidewalks on
Waller street, between Fillmore and Stelner.
The Board of Public Works was also instruct
ed to examine and recommend for acceptance. If
properly constructed, the roadway of the fol
lowing streets: Thirteenth, from Valencia to
Guerrero; Army, from Valencia street to San
Jose avenue; Market, to center lint thereof In
front of the Phelan building; also to examine
and report on the so-called expanded metal for
street paving.
RETRENCHMENT NECESSARY
IN ALL DEPARTMENTS
MAYOR ADVISES CITY OFFI
CIALS TO ECONOMIZE.
At a conference held yesterday be
tween the Mayor and the city officials,
in the Mayor's office, his Honor made
the startling announcement that the mu
nicipal government would come to a
standstill before the end of the fiscal year
unless the various departments reduced
their expenses.
"We axe confronted with a deficit of
$139,000 for the first six months of the
present fiscal year," said the Mayor, "and
It is Incumbent upon all officials so to reg
ulate their expenditures as to make up
I,hat deficit This meeting has been
called for the purpose of impressing
upon you gentlemen the necessity of with
drawing all requests for extra help, as the
finances will not admit of those requests
being granted."
Upon the Mayor Inviting the officials to
express their desires. Dr. Williamson,
president of the Board of Health, stated
that his department could not get along
with less than $50,000 for the next clx
months. The Mayor looked blank at this
announcement and remarked that the
usefulness of the department might have
to be curtailed.
Assessor Dodge complained that he had
to get along with $13,000 less than last
year, and that he absolutely needs at
least seventy-five extra clerks for his of
fice from March 1. He deplored the fact
that the $IS.OOO for commissions on poll
tax collections has been taken away from
him, and thought that the salaries of ex
tra deputies should be paid out of those
moneys.
Chief Sullllvan said the Fire Depart
ment had become demoralized owing to
the uncertainty of Its reorganization, as
provided by the charter. The Mayor said
It would cost $40,000 to place the depart
ment on a paying basis, and the money
was not in sight. It was a question
whether the number of flre houses should
be cut down or reorganization postponed,
but Chief Sullivan declined to express an
opinion. He said the force in the truck
companies had already been cut from
twelve to ten men and the engine houses
from five to three.
County Clerk Deane declared that the
lowest he could run his office for was
$7050 a month. The charter allowed him
forty-five men and he had applied for
eleven more. To a question of the Mayor
whether the charter framers had consult
ed him with regard to the needs of the of
fice. Deane said they had not and had
probably studied the conditions as they
existed twenty years ago. It developed
that former County Clerk Flynn, now de
ceased, had advised the charter framers,
and he held the office fifteen years ago.
Recorder Godchaux wanted extra clerks,
and Tax Collector Scott made an appeal
for five or six men during April, when the
busy time is on. Scott suggested that ef
forts be made for the State to pay the
expense of the collection of the taxes by
the city and It was decided to hold a con
sultation with tne State Controller.
Sheriff Lackmann asked for two extra
guards, so that the prisoners could culti
vate the thirty acres of land owned by the
city near the branch Jails. He stated that
he had only $20 65 with which to feed Ju
rors in criminal cases and that he must
decline to assume any personal responsi
bility in the matter. Lackmann suggested
a rejief in the $200,000 appropriated for
street sweeping. The matter will be in
quired into.
The best report came from the School
Board. It Bhowed that the old board had
left a surplus of $10,000 and this would be
increased to $30,000 by the end of the fis
cal year.
It was decided to postpone the con
tracts for stationery and supplies until
the next fiscal year, and the provision of
the charter regarding the expenditure of
$200 for those purposes with the consent
of the Mayor will be Invoked.
Assessor Dodge stated that the esti
mated revenue of the city might fall short
on account of protested taxes and the
necessity for retrenchment in all depart
ments was again strongly urged by the
Mayor.
CITY ATTORNEY'S OPINION.
Board of Supervisors Enlight
ened as* to Its Powers.
A number of opinions were filed with
the Board of Supervisors yesterday by
City Attorney Lane:
In regard to the power of the board to grant
privileges for alterations and repairs to build
ings, the supervision of which is conferred on
the Board of Public Works, and for granting
permits to erect engines and boilers, the City
Attorney holds that the Board of Supervisors
under the ordinances now in force has the
power to grant such permits and that It is
within the power of said board to pass an or
dinance under which the power of issuing per
mits may be placed in the hands of the Board
of Public Works under certain general restric
tions.
As to the validity of all contracts entered
Into by former boards, the time of which has
not exDired. there is no question whatever
that the city and county is liable for all debts
legitimately contracted under its previous form
of government.
The provisions of the charter authorize the
Board of Supervisors to pay fines collected on
conviction of persons charged with cruelty to
animals In whole or In part "to any society that
efficiently aids In such convictions. But this
was not the law prior to the taking effect of
the charter, and the moneys now held under
the old act of 1574 must be paid to the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
which was organised under the act.
Whenever the board takes a step which is in
tended to bind the city and county or to be
expressive of Its lawmaking or Judicial powers,
the ayes and noes must be called whether the
proposition voted upon takes the form of a
resolution or a bill.
As to the validity of the contract for public
advertising now existing between the city and
the Evening Post newspaper, the City Attor
ney holds that a comparison of the contract
with the terms of the charter discloses such
radical differences between the two as to pre
vent any possibility of utilizing the contract
to serve the purposes of the charter provisions.
It seems Incumbent on the board to adopt an
official newspaper In accordance with the char
ter provision. Ordinances published in the
present official paper would be of doubtful va
lidity, and no important legislation ahould be
attempted In that manner. It will, however,
be proper and valid to make publications for
bids to secure a city official paper in the
Gvenlng Post.
Every Nlrht (Inducing San.) Mat.nee Bat.
LAST C NIGHTS— J MATIXEES.
LOOS KATURTX CHARLES B.
JAMES KIDDER HANFOSD
ar.fl a Cctrrsry of 87 People.
TOMCHT OTHKLL.O
SPECIAL MATIN-EE WEDNESDAY,
and Thursday and Saturday Nights
"THE WINTKITS TALE."
Weir.wd&r N!rfct and Saturday Matinee,
"THE FCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
. FRIDAY "THE RIVALS"
t 61.-NDAT "MACBETH"
Monday. February B— THE BOSTONIANS, In
"The £:nurel«»rs of Bodavez.
SEATS R.EAPT THTJRSDAT.
AND WILL
THEY COME!
BTAJCXmro U DEEP LAST NIGHT.
EVERYBODY WANTS TO BEE
"IN PARADISE"
1 BEST
THE FT'NNIEST
i CLEVEREST
PLAT EVER PUT ON BY THE
FR*ATVX,ET^ COM PANT. ":
JsTEXT SUNDAY NIGHT "THE CUCKOO"
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 131.
THIS EVENING,
k Rich and Coeily Revival nt Suppe's Famous
Comic Oyera,
MONDAY NEXT— David HenCersca's Fa-
mous ntravajrsr.za,
"ALADDIN JR."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good P-essrved S^at !n Orchestra, Saturday
II at In c«, 23c
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
'BOOT BIOS, Every One Is Laughing !"
THIRD WEEK
Of tte Enormous CctrJo Opera Triumph,
THE IDOL'S EYE.
Every Evening at 8. Matinee Saturday at X.
THE BEST PERFORMANCE EVER SEEN
k IN' FRISCO!
This Is 'What Press and Public Eaytt
POPULAR PRICES 25c AXTJ Ue
Telephone Bueh I.
A SHOW WITHOUT A FLAW!
BEST THIS POPULAR HOUSE HAS
EVER OFFERED.
TTTE HOLLO WATS: ERUET and RIVIERE;
r ARTIE TRIO; SOHLKE'S ARCHIPELA-
GOANE- IRENE FRANKLIN; PAPINTA:
t O BARROWS. JOHN A. LANCASTER
AND" COMPANY; EDNA BAPHETT MAR-
SHALL AND COMPANY: J. NEWMAN.
Rcsen-fd Seats roc: Balcony 10c; Opera Chairs
E".i Bex Seats SOc.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Bandar.
'THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PtiOHE. SOUTH 770.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE 6ATURDAT.
• HIS BETTER HALF*.
Presented ty BOYLE and GRAHAM and
Company of Comedians.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening l£c. 2Sc, Sso. K>o aal Tie
Matinee 15c. 25e, JSc and £0c
Next Sunday Afternoon. "LONDON LTFE."
Extra Coining— The Real JEFFRIES-SHAR-
KEV CONTEST PICTURES. A Card— Mana.
stt EUiTurhwse and Mott pledge their word
•hat th«-*« are the ONLY GENUINE PIC-
tVkES OF THE JEFFRIES-SHARitET CON-
TEST.
SHERMAN, CLAY & GO. HALL,
23 SUTTER STREET.
THE ILLUSTRIOUS SOPRANO.
MLLE. ANTOINETTE
TREBELLI
WILL GIVE
A SONG RECITAL
THIS EVENING
And
BATTTRDA Y AFTERNOON NEXT. _
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMMES.
Reserved Seats. Jl and II 60,
At Efcennaji. Clay A Co.'s Music Store. ,
7EASTERN MARKETS.
Wczu York Stock Market.
NEW YOUK. Jan. 29.— The New York stock
market continued to view with equanimity the
disturbance In the London market on account
cf the misfortune to the British military cam
paign In South Africa. In ejjlte of a drop of
a full point In British conjoin In London and
conditions on the exchange there, which cables
to Wall f-twt describe as panicky, the opening
declines here i;i international stocks did not ex
c<h-4 fractions, and thTc was no iiresnure to
«<ll outside that for foreign account. The buy
inirrty local traders proved sufficient to absorb
Uita and to advance prices to Saturday's clos
ing a«\el. The course cf the market during
Ui« rest cf the day was exceedingly sluggish,
and the o>alinrs were narrow and professional.
The indoetrial specialties continued to lead in
jHjint of activity. The Fjwculation in fuwr
c]mws4 some strength, the stock rlislng an «
trTne two i>oints on a demand from the shorts.
who covered on the announcement of a further
advance in the r-rio- of refined sugar. Part
cf the cain was lost. There was continued
movfnu>';t In the local traction group, but
its cuißiKuur was small on account of the paucity
cf the iifws <>ve!ox>men«i. The session of the
cirectors of the American Steel and Wire Com
.pany seemed to be the ground for greater
Btrrrigth ia the company's stocks, though no
outheatic news was received regarding dlvl-
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles G.. John W., Frank L. Annie and
Fred W. Akmann and Wllhelmtna D. Duveneck
to Christine Akmann. lot commencing 302 E
Sf - D .° 3^ la 4E V-^S 1 gSffte Seventeenth.
N i-.J'm, bfc. 3i, a t2:llVi. V. 23:S - also lot on
N line of Seventeenth street. 236 E of Doukloss
N 260 by E 74; $10. ¦
Abigail Jennings to George and Thomas Jen
nlng3 and Mary Kingston, lot on NE corner of
Battery and Washington streots V 137-6 by E
137:6; a!so lot on W line of Front street. 137:6
N of California. N 45:10 by W 137:6; also lot
on NE corner of Third and Minna streets NW
80 by NE !i7:6; also lot on S line of OFarrell
wTx^w^gV 12J:6> ?;** N *
Marie Graneist to Otto Granelst, lot on E line
of Mason street. 111:7 S of Jackson. S 68:9. E
65:9, N 45:10. E 35:9, N 22:11. \V 107:6- also lot
on N line of John street, 153:4 W of Powell,
W 31 by N 62:6; gift.
Jacob & Gesche Streb to Marcelln Chavanette.
lot on N line of Green street, 43:3 W of Mason,
W 20 by N ftS:9; $10.
Henry and Julia M. Fisher to Abraham Aron
son. lot on N line of Geary street. 62:6 E of
Jones,. E 75 by N 77:6; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of an alley 10
feet wide, distant 62:6 E of Jones street and
77:6 N of Geary, E 75 by N 10; $10.
Susan Bassignano to Herbert Judge. lot on
SE line of Folsom street. 112:6 SW of Fremont.
SW 25 by 8E 87:6; also right of way over alley
on NE line of above lot: $10.
Herbert Judge to F. Robbins Press Works *(a
corporation), same; $10.
Mary E. Sawyer to William Welnberg, lot on
NE line of Hampton place, 125 SE of Folsom.
SE 27 by NE 55; $10.
Sarah F. Crosby (wife of G. O.) to Emma F.
Jessup, lot on NW line of Brannan street. 50
NE of Sixth. NW 70 by NE ?5; gift.
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company (a cor
poration) to Frank M. Greenwood, rerecord 1345
d 353. lot on W line of Fourth avenue. 250 S
of Lake streeet, S 60 by W 120; also lot on N
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 16
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 48 484
Wheat and Other Grain*.
¦WHEAT— Liverpool was firmer and Paris fu
tures weaker.
This irarket advanced again on call. •
Chicago advanced on better foreign advices,
war news and small world's shipments of
6,300,000 bushels, of which Russia shipped only
300,000. The market was nervous, and at first
was weaker, with considerable realizing and
foreigners selling freeely. Later on the for
eigners showed disposition to buy, and there
was brisk inquiry from the Continent. The
vcaboard bought heavily, but St. Louis soM
l'rcely. Chicago operators sold, but there was
n-> pittmire on the market. The visible supply
fiecreafed 957,000 bushels. Broomhall reported
that the plague in the Argentine was Interrupt-
In* railroad transit and that heavy shipments
from that country were accordingly not ro be
expected. The Echo Agricole says that official
reports indicate a French crop of 21,000.000
bushels less than last year.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $I@l ol »i; milling.
II 02»A®l 06.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— l2.ooo
ctls, $1 02%.
Second Session— May— 6ooo ctls. $1024; 10.000,
102%; 14.000, $102%. December— 4000, $1064.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls,
$103%; 12.000, $103%. December— l2,ooo, $107%;
SOOO, $107%.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 04; 14,000,
$103%; 4000, $103%. December— 2ooo, $108; 4000,
$1 07%.
BARLEY— The market shows no change
whatever, and is quiet.
Feed. 75@774c for No. 1 and 65@734c for ofl
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@S74c;
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No Bales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May-2000 ctls, 72c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The feeling may be a shade steadier,
but the demand Is poor.
White, U 104T1 30; Red. $1 07451 20; Gray,
$1 07M.ST1 174: Black, 9"4c@sl 074.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 95c@$l 024
per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I@l C 5; mixed,
<»74c®$l.*
RYE-sl@l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
¦ "Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@J 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington $2 73@3 per bbl.
' MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
$IDC: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6@7 25; In sacks, $5 75©7; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $0; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100
lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Hay market has again become over
stocked and prices are slightly lower, with a
dull and weak market. Arrivals are too
heavy for the demand. There is no change !n
Fftdstuffs.
BKAN— JI4@IS per ten.
MIDDLINGS— SI7O2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $14017 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2C@ > 27; Jobbing,
J27r*g2B; Cocoanut Cake. $20©21; Corn Meal,
23@23 50; Cracked Corn, $23 50@24; Mixed Feed,
$1.1 fiO: Cottonseed Meal. J2B per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $8 60<l?S 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice; Wheat' and Oat, $6 50@8 SC;
Oat, $6@B; Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, »6@7 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 2S@SOc per bale.
Chicago Grain Market.
dend action before the close. The other metal
etocks were nrm In sympathy. Glucose Sugar
made a show of strength on the Judicial deci
sion against the constitutionality of the Illinois
antl-trubt law.
A drop cf two points In Denver and Rio
Grande preferred was unexplained by any news
of the day. With the exception of these special
movements the market continued near the level
of stagnation. Several incidents of the day
point to the financial outlook as the true ground
of hesitation in the speculative world. Specu
lators do not forget that it was the industrial
and commercial activity of the country which
encroached on the funds they had embarked
in speculation in December, and they are
watching for the future rate of activity of
business to define Itself before availing them
eelevs of the present ease of money, which, it
is feared, may prove illusory and ephemeral.
Offerings of mercantile paper at present are
light, but this Is explained as being due to
the employment by large mercantile houses ot
the year's prollts as working capital. The
sharp upward couree of sterling exchange to
day gives point to the apprehension that gold
wiii again so out to help supply England's
need for war expenditures. An official of the
Imperial Bank of Germany quoted to-day at
tributes the ease in the German market to an
artificial maneuver to prepare the market for
municipal loans, and the same authority as
serts mat Russia Is to assert a loan. The fu
ture contingencies In the money market thus
foreshadowed may help to explain the per
sistent indifference of speculators to the present
abundance of funds.
The bond market lapsed into dullness to-day
and price changes were mixed. Total sales, par
value. $1.365,C0u.
United Slates new 4s and old 4s coupon ad
vanced ',4, and the 3s declined Vi in the bid
price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Lid.
800 Atchlson '.. W,
S.t£> Alchlson prefd o'J
2,550 Baltimore & Ohio I'M
Canadian Pacinc 63 1 »
Canada Southern 4S
2.120 Chesapeake & Uhio 2S'^
1,220 Chicago Great Western 13% 1
10,112 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 120*4
ZW Chicago Ind <fc Louis 15
Chicago Ind & Louis prefd i»
Chicago & Eastern Illinois &7%
SOO Chicago & Northwestern 15S
1,074 Chicago Rock Island & Pacinc 106%
345 C C C & Et Louis 60S \
'*"• Colorado Southern... 5%
100 Colorado Soutnern Ist prefd 43
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14%
Delaware & Hudson 114
Delaware Lackawanna St Western. .l 74
Denver & Rio Grande 17
210 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67%
Erie 11%
2uO Erie Ist prefd 31V2
Great Northern prefd 157
Hocking Ccal 15
Hocking Valley 30Vi
421 Illinois Central 114
luO lowa Central 12
lowa Central prem 52
1.400 Kansas City i'ittsburg & Gulf 8%
Lake Erie & Western 21
Lake Erie & Western prefd &3V*
Lake fchore W4
4,620 Louisville & Nashville 77&»
5.370 Manhattan L 94
2.525 Metropolitan Street Railway MS
110 Mexican Central 11%
400 Minn & St Louis... i9^ j
200 Minn & St Louis prefd &OVa !
4,400 Missouri Pacific 4:; ; -»
Mobile & Ohio 40
Missouri Kansas Ac Texas 10%
• 100 Missouri Kansas at Texas prefd 31\
100 New Jersey Central 115 1
1.050 New York Central 133%!
3,730 Norfolk & 'Western Z4H
6i» Norfolk & Western prefd ba*, '
2.0"0 Northern Pacinc 50-, j
6M> Northern I'acinc prefd 737* j
LOW Ontario & Western 21,*
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
l,S2v» Pennsylvania 125%
Jieading 17
l.Owi Heading Ist prefd 50%
Reading 2d prefd 27
Rio Urande Western 40
Hio Urande Western prefd U
625 Et Louis &. San Fran 9%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 69%
£J>o St Louis & San Fran 2d pretd 23%
125 St Louis Southwestern 11%
3tiu St Louis Southwestern prefd 27
3,1W) St Paul 117%!
St Paul prefd 170
£t Paul & Omaha 115 I
7.250 Southern Pacinc 37%
C.OuO Southern Railway 11%
1,720 Southern Hallway prefd .• a 3*» |
Texas & Pacific 15%
S.y^O Union Pacinc 4t»
1.2&5 Union Pacinc prefd 75
Wabash V,i
400 Wabash prerd 20%
210 Wheeling &. Lake Erie y^»
L 430 Wheeling Lake Erie 2d prefd 25%
Wisconsin Central IS
Express Companies —
Adams 114
American 146
United States 47
Wells Fargo 124
Miscellaneous—
100 An.erican Cotton Oil 32%
625 American Cotton Oil prefd 52%
Ar.ierican Malting b\
American Malting prefd 27
410 Am Smelting & lleflning 38%
I:-3 Am Smelting & Hennlng prefd &.*%
American Spirits 3
American Spirits prefd 17
American Su-el Hoop 41
100 American Steel Hoop prefd So^4
26.15 C American Steel &. Wire 60 7 4
2.000 American Steel & Wire prefd 90%
L 2< 1 ; American Tin Plate 2S I A
100 American Tin Plate prefd 80
4.510 American Tobacco SiVi
American Tobacco prefd 135
Anaconda Mining Co ZJhi
20.C72 Brooklyn Kapld Transit 71Tfc
•l.d'O Colorado Fuel & Iron 41\
362 Continental Tobacco 32
4uO Continental Tobacco prefd 84
3,500 Federal Steel ; 51
Federal Steel prefd 73
ICO Genera! Electric 122
I.7SJ Glucose Sugar 54%
100 <Jlucose Kujrar prefd a&H i
International Paper 22
SOO International Paper prefd.. 67%
LacleJe Gas 73
National Illscuit 35%
155 National Biscuit prefd 92
100 National Lead £514
110 National _Lead prefd lO4\
26* National t^teel 40
IDO National Steel prffd 9214
New York Air Brake 128
200 r«'crth American 1414
Pacific Coast 50V4
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S3 j
Pacinc Coast 2d prefd C3U
370 Pacific Mail 424 I
2X<) Peopjo's Gas 103% !
110 Pressed Steel Car 5514 |
2.400 Pressed Steel Car prefd fo»4 j
Pullman Palace Car lblhi
Standard Rope A Twine g
4.MX) Sugar H7^
Sugar prefd m
CM Tennessee Coal & Iron ga%
4/a5 United States Leather 16'
100 United States Leather prefd 76
500 United States Rubber 3714
I lftO United PtatPS Rubber prefd 101
I 130 Western t'nlon .' 86H
! 1,030 Republic Iron Sc Steel 21
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd gjTi
P C C & Bt Louis ; 75 £
235,100 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 1054 N J C een 5s 125
1 U 6 !, reg I<*% North Car 6s 127
j V SSs coup 110 North Car 4s 103
U S n-w 4s reg.... 133 North Pac lsts no
I U X i.«»w 4s c0up. .134 Do 28 66T4
jU S old 4s ree.-..114«4 Do 4s 103%
U S old 4a COUD..II4VN V C & St L 45.107%
. U E as reg 112 (Nor & West con 4s 92>4
US 5s coup 11314 Do gen Cs 129
Dlst of Col 3.605..J1» |Or Nay lsts 110
Atchison cen 45...100V4 Do 4s 101
Do a<3J 4s Sili'Or Short Line 65. ..123%
Can Sou 2nds W.> j Do con 5s 112
I C <* O 4Hs 974 Reading gen 4s S4U
! Do 6s 11541 ft O W 1«U 954
C & N W con 75.. 142 'St L & I M con 65.111>4
Do S F deb 55.. 120 |st L & S F gen 65.H9
Chicago Ter 4s 94 St Paul con- 167
D A R G lsts 102H'St P C & P 15t5.. .119
Do 4s B&Vij Do 6s 119%
E T V & Ga lsts. lol4 Sou Ry 5s .1074
Erie Gen 4s 69V4JS Rope & T 6s 83
JLRRIVED.
Monday. January 29.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolsen. 74 hours from New
ports (S).
Stmr Uliisy. Leland. 34 hours from Moaa
Landing.
Etmr Alcatraz. Carlson. S3 hours from Pert
Los Anreles.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderscn, SS hours from Port
Los Aneeles.
Stmr Tillamook. Aaftr.dsea. 73 hours from,
Tillamook.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, 11 days 15 hours
from Guaymas, via Enaenada 43% hours.
Schr Pioneer, Mikelson. 14 days from. Willapa.
Harbor. •
Schr Czar. Hutman. 25 days from, Altata.
CLEARED.
Monday. January 23.
Stmr Colon. Macklnnon, Panama, etc: P II
S S Co.
Stmr Corona. Debney. San Diego; GoodaM,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka; GoodalU
Perkins & Co.
Bark Albert Griffiths. Honolulu: William*.
DlEiond & Co.
BAILED.
Monday, January 23.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson. Crescent City.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, San Pedro.
Stmr Colon. Macltinnon. Panama.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridsrett. Ventura.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. Greenwood.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, .
Stmr Bcotia. Jacobs, .
Stmr Cleone. Higglns, .
M ISCELLANEOUS.
NEW YORK. Jan 29— Strnr Irrawaddj; fnrta
Philadelphia, for San Francisco, put Into Ber
muda Jan 27 In distress.
TELKGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 29. 10 p m— Weata«r
foggy; wind NE. velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS
NEWPORT td)— Arrived Jaa 23— Stmr SoutH
Ccaat, from Eureka.
POUT ANGELES — Arrived Jan J7— Stair
Elihu Thomson, hence Jan 24.
PORT "'JOWN SEND— Arrived Jaa t9— Schr
Spokane, From Kobe.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 23— Br stmr Lady
Joloey, from Hcn^kong. etc.
Sailed Jan 2S-Uer stmr \olumnla. for baa
Jan 2S-Stmr Willamette,
for San Francisco. Jan 23-Stmr Mackinaw.
f °PO S RT F GAMU C LE-Saned Jan 23-Schr De
f^iA r MOND M °Po!NT-Arrived Jan 13-Schr
"^TH^END^SaTlerjl'n'^Stmr West-
Jan J9-Schr Lottie Car
son, from San Diego: stmr San Pedro. henc*»
J> GRAYS HARBOR.— Arrived Jan 28— Stmr
T?nf h hericc Jt. " •-«'•
ASTORIA-Salled Jan JS-Stmr State of Cali
fornia for San Francisco; Ger ship Alderbaran.
for Queenstown: Fr bark Louis Pasteur, for
Queenstown. Jan 23— Br bark Cambrian War
rio' tat Queenstown.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 23— Schr James A
Garfleltl, for San Francisco; schr Gotama. for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
BRISBANE— Arrived Jan J7— Br stmr Aoraa
z\ from Vancouver.
iIAIPONO — Palled Jan 13— Schr Carrier Dora.
for Port Townsend.
HILO— Arrived Jan 11— Haw bark Roderick
Dhu, hence Dec 23.
Called Jan S— Schr Jennie Wand, for HHo.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Jan 27— Stmr
Tacoma. Irom Tacoma.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 10— Schr OoUen.
Shore from Newcastle. Am: schr A J West,
from Grays H.irbcw: Ger ship Caesarea, from.
Newcastle Au». Jan 11— Br bark Adderley.
from Newcastle. Aus. Jan 12— Br ship Inver
ness-shire from Sydney; bark Pactolus, from
Nanaimo. Jan 13— Hr baric Holywoo<l. from
Antwerp Jan 14— Schr Llll^bonne. from Gray*
Harbor; Haw bark Nuuanu. from New York.
Jnn Vi— Jap stmr Dcyrt Mara, from, Portland;
schr Mary Dodge, hence Deo 21: schr Allr«
Klmball. hence Dec 24; bark Alex McNeill.
from Newcastle, Aus.
HULL— Arrived Jan 27— Fr bark Marguerttn
Dollfus. hence Feot 7.
MANILA— Sn tied Jan 20— Bktn Willie R
Hum*", for Port Townsend.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Jan 23— Br stmr St
Irene, for Tacoma. Jan 25 — Br stmr Empresa
of China, for Vancouver.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Jan 28— Stmr City of Pa
nama, for Panama.
NANAlMO— Arrived Jan 20— Nor stmr TlU
nia, from Port Los Angeles.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Jan 29— Stmr Taurtc for
New . York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Jan Xl— Stmr Graf Wald
ersee. for New York,
BRISBANE— Arrived Jan 23— 45tmr Aorangl.
from Vancouver, via Honolulu, for Sydney.
NEW TORK, Jan. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts,
2IU2S bbls: exports, 53.112; sales, 9200 bbls. More
active and held higher on chpice brands, clos
ing firm with wheat. Winter Straits, J4 30®
4 50; extras, J2 605J2 85; low grade, J2 25@2 40;
Minnesota Patents, J3 90®4 15; bakers', J2 80
@3.
WHEAT— Receipts, 62.000; exports, SS.OOO.
Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 77% c afloat: No. 2 red,
7»Sc elevator. Options opened firm on the
strength of Liverpool news, but soon turned
weak under free selling for both accounts, in
spired by a reaction at Liverpool and light ex
port demand. In the afternoon, however, a
very sharp recovery took place on good for
eign buying. Argentine plague news and a large
visible supply decrease. Closed firm at %©T*c
net advance. March closed 76% c; May, 74%<9
'"•kc closed. 75% c; July closed at 70% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
LEATHER— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with prices
10 to 20 points lower: sales, 44,000 bags. Includ
ing: March, J6 SO; May. J6 80@8 85; July, J6 90;
AuKUkt. $6 95Q7; September. J7S7 05; October,
J7-57 te: November, $7 10; December, J7 10@7 15.
Spot Coffee — Rio quiet; No. 7 Jobbing, B%c;
No. 7 invoice, Sc; mild, barely steady; No. 1
Cordova, 8%<512%c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, firm; Mold A,
5.45 c; Standard A. sc: Confectioners' A, sc; Cut
Loaf, 5.60 c; Crushed, 5.60 c; Powdered, 5.30 c;
Granulated, 5.20 c; Cubes. 5.35 c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 5536 packages; steady;
June creamery. 20<g23c; Western creamery, 21@
25c; factory. 16 l Sl9c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7555 packages; steady; West
ern, 17c, loss off; Western ungraded at mark,
liSl6c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— Dried fruits quiet but
steady: moderate Jobbing demand.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
6{/6%c; prime, 6%®7c; choice, 7%'JfBc; fancy, 8%
6?e.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 4@7%c *
PRUNES— 437%e.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13i?15c; Moorpark, 15@18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20<g23c; unpeeled, 7%c.
Imports of Groceries.
Imports of etapJe groceries at this port In
ISS9 were as follows, compared with IS9S:
Eug&r, 541.U6.00C' pounds, valued at J11.659.000.
artir-st 20^,646.000 pounds at 13,497,750: coffee,
IS orS.OOO pound*, at J2.C36.000. against 15.154.C-00
pounds at tl.991,000: Rice. 49.217.000 pounds at
tseS.iOC, against 45.055.000 pounds at J354.6i.i0:
tea. 11.862.500 pounds at Jl.4i>€,ooo, against 8,
122,800 pounds at J1.C35.000.
Staple Exports.
Staple exports from the United States for
1599 compare as follows:
Breadstuff* *?^i?
Provlsior.s l 2'£H3
Cattle and hogs S'S'SH
Mineral oils W.M2 .514
Cotton .....•••••••••••• 1*7. 9 jo, 116
In im ..'.'. 7fc9.667.394
Of the net decrease of nearly *?1.000.000 the
?hxir.kfttre in the breadstuffs trade alone was
$49 SOB.OOO. or more than one-half, and ia cotton
J54.000,000.
Wheat and Wool in Australia.
According to recent estimates of the Aus
tralian wheat crop there will be an exportable
surplus of 23,000.©rt0 bushels, which le far in
advance of that of the season of IC9S-1?99.1 C 9S-1?99. The
last crop has been estimated at 51.000.000
bushels, against a yield of 55.770,0<"i0 bushels for
last year. There is also reported a corre
sponding decrease In the wool clip: last year's
clip »-as 1.G65.000 bales, but the drought of this
reason has cauwed considerable damage, lessen
ing the dip by 75,000 to 100.000 bales.
Fruit and Salmon in England.
The po«!tl°a of California fruits Is fairly
well defined by the fact that the arrivals per
the Cente»sim«. have not produced any ap
preciable offers of goods on the market, and
the inference is that the whole of this first
shipment Is required for actual Immediate use.
Indications, therefore, point to the market be
ing a strong one for the new season's goods.
There is a good inquiry for salmon on the
spot and also for salmon to arrive at full
rates, and indications point to an advance in
j.ricea at no distant period. The old Etocks
are prartii-ally cleared off and the carry-over
from IK<& is said to be the smallest ever known
in the history of the trade, and this, combined
with the fact that arrivals are well distributed
over the year, tends to strengthen the position
of the article. The exceedingly hl « h Prices of
all kinds of tinned meats, which will doubt
less continue as long as the war in South
Africa lasts, renders salmon the cheapest
tinned food to be had.
The Prune Association.
HOW IT IS REGARDED IN THE EAST
The New York Commercial says: "The prune
growers are said to have succeeded In effecting
an organization on the coast. The details are
n«.t at hand. but. to far as Information has
been received, it is said to be upon substan
tially the E&me llr.es as the raisin growers'
organization. That sat the intention and tel
egraphic information tcnit to substantiate this
vtew of it. The trade there d'jesn't appear
to be much interested, alleging that the in
terests involved are too l^rge and the territory
to be covered too large; but it will be remem
l>er»*d that they *aid Mjl>£lantiaUy the same
thing of the raisin Interests, but they have
paid the bills ever since. The same result is
ii'it Impossible now."
In a later issue the same paper save: "The
prur.e growers' combine will not affect the
market this year, because fruit is practlcaully
out of first hands, but that it will be an im
portant factor In next season's contracts is
conceded, provided it can be made to hold
together, something which is seriously doubt
ed by those suppptted to be in a position to
know something of the probabilities of suc
ce?s. Others are equally certain that it is a
euccetm alrt-ady. and are beginning to specu
late upon the oullook for next season's busi
n»-t« with such an organization in control of
the eltuation. There has been no change In
prices, and so far as can i>e learned no in
crease la the volume of trade since last re
port*."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 29—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of fame date last
•eason. and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
can r raJiL-iscj uai4. .v ;...j. ....*. iriu^.«4ui^
14- minimum. 46; m^an, f>o.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
T>.e pressure has rifn slowly over the north
ern h»lf uf the l'acilic Cosst, anj has fallen
slowly over the southern half. An area of high
presßure cverllf* the northern Rocky mountain
re?i°u The temperature has risen generally
in the int-rlor. and :ms lailen tiifhtiy on the
i. -..: garth of Sen Francitco. Conditions are
not favorable for fettled fair weather, but on
the other hand no heavy rains are likely. Tule
log continues In the f^an Jua^juin and lower Sac
ram»"nto valleys.
Fcrecas-t made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight. Jan. 30. i»j0:
Northern i.'alifornia — C'louoy and unsettled
weather Tuesday, with occasional light showers;
warmt-r in the San Joaquin and lower Sacra
mento valleys; light southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday; light
westerly winds.
NWaaa. t'tah and Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday.
£an Francisco and Vicinity ' Cloudy Tuesday,
with conditions favorable for occasional light
thowers; light southeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast OIncUL
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tn«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tida
and the last or right hand column «rtve« th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The hel«rnt»
given are In addition to the soundinss on th#
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number «lven Is subtracted from.
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
Sun rises ' ; 1*
Sun sets > ; 3i
Moon set 3 (new) 0:00 P- r.u
Consols lozver. Silvci' and Exchange as before.
Moderate trading in local stocks.
Wheat continues to harden slowly.
All other cereals quiet and unchanged.
Beans still firm, with a further advance in White.
Hax in overstock and lozver. Bran firm.
Potatoes dull and weak. Onions steady.
Butter still higher. Eggs weak and accumulating.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry in. Game lozver.
Oranges sold lozver. at auction. Fine Apples higher.
Prcjisions firm and unchanged.
Meat market unchanged.
Nezv prices for Candles.
Increased imports of Groceries last year.
F W & D C lsts.. 72 ITenn n s Ss 95
Gen Electric 5s 119 Texas & Pac 15t5. 112%
G H & S A 65. ....109 Do 2nds 54
Do 2nds 105 Union Pac 4s 104*4
H&T C 5s 110 Wabash lsts 113%
Do con «s 110 Do 2nds 101%
lowa Cent lats ...112% West Shore 4s 113
X C P & G lsts t r CSVi Wls Cent lsts 90%
La new con 4s 106% Vir Centuries 86
L& N uni 4s 99 Vir Deferred 5
M X & T 2nd5.... 68% Colo & Sou 4s 85%
Do 4a 90 Sou Pac 4s S2
NYC lsts 109Ti
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22, Ontario 7 75
Crown Point 10 Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va 1 30' Plymouth 08
Deadwood 55 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 2J Do Prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. 3."i Sierra Nevada .... 40
Homestake 50 00 Standard 2 23
Iron Sliver 55 Union Con 24
Mexican 2S Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
Money— West End prefd ..110%
Call loans 4%®5 West Electric 42
Time loans 4%©5 Wisconsin Central. 18
•Stocks— ¦ ?',• --.- Dora Coal 41
A T & S F 19 Dom Coal prefd. ..lls
A T & S F prefd.. W Mining Shares-
American Sugar ..117% Adventure 5
Bell Telephone ...335 Allouez Mining Co. 3
Boston & Albany. .24o Atlantic 24
Boston Elevated .. 96% Boston & Mont ..265
Boston & Maine ..197 Butte & Boston ... 48
Chgo Bur & Q....121 Calumet & Hec1a..735
Fitchburg prefd ..12J Centennial 15%
General Electric ..122% Franklin 14
Gen Elec prefd ...135 Humboldt 1
Federal Steel 50% Osceola 67%
Fed Steel prefd .. 73 Parrot 41
Mexican Central .. 71 V4 Quincy 140
Old Dominion .... 17 Santa Fe Copper.. 5
Rubber 3"M Tamarack 178
Union Pacific 46 Winona 32
Union Land 3 Wolverines 38%
West End 92% Utah 25'^
Nezv York Money Market.
NETSV YORK. Jan. 29.— Close— Money on call,
steady, at 2!a@3 per cent; last loan, 2% per
cent; prime mercantile paper, 4®5 per cent.
Sterling exchange strong, with actual business
In bankers' bills at J4 57%@4 81% for demand
and at $4 S4Vi!g4 84% for 60 days; posted rates,
$4 85£4 gs%: commercial bills, $4 83^4 83%. Sil
ver sSVj^6o%c; bar silver, £9%c;
Mexican dollars. 47% c. Government bonds, ir
regular: State bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds,
irrefular.
London Markets.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here opened 'very flat to-day on
the r.ews of the retreat of General Buller
across the Tugela River. Dealers were afraid
t> buy anything, but speculation has been so
attenuated recently that comparatively few
tales resulted from the nominal prices first
given out. There was little or no buylns on
the way up. Unless Investors become panlc-
Ftrirken it would seem that the markets are
merely paralyzed. A late rumor on the board
had It that the War Office confirmed the re
ports of the relief of Mafeking. Consols ruled
one point down at 99%.
Americans had the worst opening, but the
free support from New York brought about a
rubstantial rally. The bank lost £15,000 gold
to India and received £9000 from Australia.
Money was still stagnant. Bills were easy,
a good many American bids being in the mar
ket.
London papers are being withheld. Foreign
rates were: Paris checks. 25.17; Berlin, 20.15.
CLOSING
LONDON. Jan. 29.— Canadian Pacific, 96;
Union Pacific preferred, 76%: Northern Pacific
preferred, 75%: Atchlson, 19%; Grand Trunk,
7%; Anaconda. 8%; bar silver, steady. 27% d.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $230,929,669; gold reserve,
$217,756,028.
Trading In local securities was light on the
morning session and the only noteworthy
change was a decline In Contra Costa Water
to $72 23.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water con
tinued weak at $72 50<ft?2. and Oceanic was
lower at $94 37»±i&94. Gas & Electric wa# also
weaker at $50 &7/2530 73.
The Andes Mining Company is assessed 5
cents.
The Pacific Coast Borax dividend of $3 per
share was paid yesterday.
Quarterly dividends of 118,000 by the Alaska-
Mexican and $75,(X)0 by the Alaska-Treadwell
were paid yesterday.
A quarterly dividend of 30 cents per share.
or $45,000, was paid by the Ontario mine of
Utah on the 10th.
A dividend of $53,250 vat paid by the Vindi
cator mine of Colorado on the 23th.
The Republic mine of Washington paid a
dividend of $33,000 on January 15, making $600,
000 to that date.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Jan. 29—2 p. m.
Biu.AaK.- Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Equit G L Co.. 3?i 4
4s «uar coup.. — — : Mutual El Co.. 13% 14
•Is quar reg — 114 V i; C> v L. & H... 4«t» 4.>
4s nuar new...'— — ' Pac Gas Imp.. 45% 45%
3s yuar c0up.. 110% — Pac Light Co.. 41% —
• Miscellaneous — IS F G & E.... ay's —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115% — !san! 5an Francisco. 4% 6
C C Wat 3s..lli«s\lo7%|stot;Ktuii liaa.. IX —
Ed L <& P 65. .130 132 Insurance—
>' &Cl Ry 6E..115 — Firem's Fund. 22o —
Geary-st R as. — 95 Hanlc Stocks—
HC& ri 5%5..10C 110 \nglo-Cal Ltd. 65% —
H <-' & S ;,5.... 11*14 — Bank of Ca1... 400 404
L A Ry 55....104;4 — Cal SD & T.. S3 99T»
LAL Co as.. — — First -Natal 2M> —
L>u gntd ba.. — — Lon P& A 133 —
Do gntd ok.. — 103 Merchants' Ex — 16
LA& P R 55. 102 — Nev Nat 8k... — —
Market-st 65. ..126% — Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 35..117%118% Ger S & L..1730 —
NCN G R 7s-105%10» Hum S& L. — —
NX of Cal 6s.li.<' H — Mut Say Bk. 44% —
NR of Cal 55. 113% — S F Say U.. 600 —
NI*C R It f.5.103 — Say &. L Co. 74 78
N P C R R 65. 105 106% Sec Say Bk. — —
N C R U 55... 103 — Union T Co. — —
OGL & H ss. 103 — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran «5..111%113 California 115%120
Oak WCo 55.. — — lieary-st 50 —
Oceanic SS C0.104%105 Market-st Ry.. — 62
Urn C Ry 65.. — 128% OS J. ."i H — w
P&CI Ry 65. .104 104% Presidio — —
Ik & O Rv 6b. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.119% — California 160 —
Sac El lincliia — K"> E Dynamite... » —
S F & SJV 65.115%116Vi Giant Con Co.. 54% 95%
SRy of. Cal 6s. — >••• Vlgorit 2% 2T»
S P Of A 65....110UU1 Sugar Stocks—
aPC 6s(li(oa).loi»*4no% Hana P Co Thi, 7%
SP C 6s(lM6).lll — Haw C&SCo — • BS*,i
SP C 65(1912). — — Honckaa S Co. 29% 30%
SPCIs eg ss. — — Hutch S P Co. 26% —
SPBr 6s 124% — Kllauea S Co.. — —
S V Wat 65....1 l. r > — Makawell SCc 42% 43%
S V Wat 45.... 104 104% Onomea S Co.. 26% 27V*
tS V W 45(3dm)102% — Paauhau S Co. 26% —
Stktn Gaa 65.. 102 108' Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— |A 1 Pack A55n.113%120
Contra Costa.. 72 72% Mer Xx Assn.. - l-fl
Marin County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 93% 94%
Spring Valley. 94 94% Pac A F A.... 1% 2
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co. .144 145
Cent Gas Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 9% —
Cent L & P — 6
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water J3 25
100 Contra Costa Water 73 00
20 Contra Costa Water 72 7o
70 Contra Costa Water 72 50
10 Contra Costa Water 62%
70 Contra Costa Water '2 2j
10 Giant Powder Con 9o 00
100 Honokaa 29 5.%
50 Honokaa -•» Jjj
25 Makaweli *3 «
25 Oakland Gas _** l^Vfc
$3W>O Oakland Gas bonds ..: 109 w
30 Pacific Gas Imp « CO
85 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 W
Street—
13000 Los Angeles Ry 5s bonds ICS CO
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds 114 00
Afternoon Session.
Board..
10 Contra Costa Water 72 50
25 Contra Costa Water 72 -•>
10 Contra Costa Water, s 30 72 00
10 Contra Co?ta Water 72 00
10 Contra Costa Water, s 30 12%
10 Contra Costa Water 72 UVa
60 Equitable Gas * «>
25 Honokaa S Co 30 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co. b 5 26 50
$1000 Los Angeles-Pacific R R bonds 101 2o
20 Makawell « 00
50 Mutual Electric Light J3 50
10 Oceanic S S Co >} ?.%
50 Oceanic S S Co 94 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp « lZ^i
20 Pacific Gas Imp « 2a
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 87%
20 S F Gas & Electric Co SO 75
$3000 S F & S J V bonds 116 00
24 S V Water %* 00
55 S V Water M 25
200 Vigorlt 2 (a
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Contra Costa Water 74 00
10 Conjra Costa Water 73 5.%
100 Equitable Gas 4 12^
100 Equitable Gas 4 37%
if) Equitable Gas 4 00
20 Giant Powder 94 73
10 Giant Powder 94 62%
2S Giant Powder 94 50
$3(VHi Los Angeles Ry bonds 103 23
100 Hana Plantation 7^o
60 Hutchinson S P Co 28 25
100 Paauhau Sugar Co 27 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 96 50
25 S V Water 93 75
100 Vlgorlt Powder 2 87%
Afternoon Session.
Board-
10 Alaska Packers' 120 00
20 Contra Co*ta Water 72 23
in Contra Costa Water 72 00
100 Equitable Gas 4 2j
20 Giant Powder 95 CO
30 Giant Powder 95 124
100 Hana Plantation 7 05
$5000 Los Angeles Ry bonds 105 124
100 Honokaa Susrar Co, s 90 29 50
40 S F Gaa & Electric Co 61 00
100 Vlgorlt Powder ! Bv4
15 Oceanic S S Co 96 00
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Anaconda — •• 95
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Burlington 100
100 Dominion 45
50 Home Oil 8 95
100 Home Oil 3 90
100 National 7 00
50 San Luis 5 00
Afternoon Session.
Board.. '..'.
CO Home Oil 3 30
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session
100 Chollar 27 200 Gould & Curry 24
300 Chollar 2S 200 Sierra Nevada. 46
100 Con Cal & Va.l 43 200 Yellow Jacket.. 2-4
600 Exchequer 02
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 231 100 Confidence .. 70
100 Bullion 06 100 Justice .. 03
200 Chollar 2SJ 400 Sierra Nevada. 45
ICO Con Cal & Va.l :,0 ICO Union Con 30
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 23 300 Ophlr 79
200 Best & Belcher 24 200 Ophlr .... ~ 73
100 Caledonia 50 300 Ophlr .. 4j
200 Caledonia 52 200 Potosl "" 33
ICO Caledonia 65 200 Sierra Nevada" 45
300 Challenge 22 l<v, Union Con " •>*
ISO Con Cal & V.I 47>i. 200 Union Con " M
300 Con Cal & Va.l 50. 3*> Utah c"
200 Ophir 63 40n Yellow Jacket." 23
Afternoon Session.
300 Crown Point.... 12' i; 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Time Ball.
Branch Hydro*raphtc Office. U. S. N\. Mer.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
January 29. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. *.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. tn charge.
line of Jackson street. 60 E of Maple, Eidtif'
N 155; also lot on E line of Fourth avenue. 143
N of California street. N 50 by E 220: $10.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to An
srelo Garbarino, lot on S line of Chestnut street.
68:9 E of Polk. E 6S:D by S 137:6: $10.
Beans and Seeds.
While all Beans are firm the chief strength
lies in white descriptions, which are particu
larly stiff and in demand at a further ad
vance.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 23@3 50; small White, $3 20
@3 33; large White, $3@3 10; Pinks, $2 40<fi2 S3:
Reds, $3 50; Blackeye, $4 25® 4 50: Butters, nom
inal; Lima. $3 13® 5 25; Pea, $3 20@3 35; Red
Kidneys, $3 SOfff 4.
SEEDS— liro\\n Mustard. 3@3%c; Yellow Mus
tard. 4©4>>c; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary. 3%c.per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa, "t*
be; Rape. 2%@3c; Hemp. 4&4% c; Timothy. 4©
4%c
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 £o@l 90; Green. $1 75
€2 TO per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The markets under this head are generally
unchanged and quiet.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 90c@$l; River Reds.
60©70 c; Burbanks, 60(§80c per sack; Oregon Bur
bnnks, 750<?75l 10: Sweet Potatoes,. $1 r.ofn 65 for
Merced; New Potatoes, Volunteer, l@2%c.
nvni\N_ >| ?.--(•<( 1 7r> ncr '•tl tor nil kin-i.«
VEGETABLES— Green Peas?, 2<§3Vic per lb:
String Beans. TtfSc; Cabbage. 40&SOc; Los An
r»le* Tomntno- %Vp'\ BO: Re* Plfl"t ">¦¦-> 1.->»
Angeles. 10@12Vic; Dried Okra. 12'j.c per lb:
Garlic, 6@7c; Green Pepper 3 from Los Angeles.
4'9'3c for Chile and So for Bell; Dried Peppers,
SCrjlOc; Carrots. SOig^Oc per sack; Los Angeles
Summer Squash, 75c@$l 25 per box; Marrowfat
Squash, $25 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern have arrived and two
more are at hand. Local stock is nominal In
the absence of receipts.
Game is lower and quieter.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, U®l2%c for Gob
blers and ll@l2c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
12@17c; Geese, per pair, $1 75©2; Gcslings, $175
<n'i; Ducks«. *4«rS for olrj and *4*fs for vounif:
Hens, $3 50@5: Young Roosters, $4 5055 50; Old
Roosters. $4® 4 50; Fryers, $4 50; Broilers, $4
frU F.Q lor lar«e and $31/3 5" for small: Piiceons.
$1 25 per dozen for old and $2 50*33 for squahs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25g'l 50; Mallard. $4@4 30;
Canvasback, $2 50@4; Sprig, $2 50'f3; Teal, $130
175; Widgeon. $15002: Small Duck, $1 25@1 50:
Doves, 73c per dozen: Hare, $1 50; Rabbits, $1 73
©2: Gray Geese, $3 50©4; White. $150; Brant.
$175i@2 50: Honkers, $4 50; English Snipe, $2 50
per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter has again advanced and Is very firm,
with small stocks especially of dairy. Cheese
continues weak.
Eggs are accumulating and prices are still
lower. Some dealers do not ask over 200 for
the best ranch.
BUTTKR-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 27@2Sc; seconds,
25©26 c.
Dairy— Fancy, 24@25c; good to choice, 21@23c;
common, 15@19c.
CHKESE— (.holce mild new. lie; old. 10% c;
Young America. ll@ll%c; Eastern, 15%@l€c;
W*»t«>rn, 13Uffi)1."c v r tn.
EGGS— Quoted at 17@lSc for store and 19@21c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold storage,
15<317c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
At the Orange auction three cars sold at
$2 10 for fancy Navels. $1 30@l 90 for choice
Navels and 70c®$l 25 for standards.
Fine Apples are doing a little better, but the
market Is overloaded with common stock.
DECIDCOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3sKSnc rer box for common. 75c@$l
for good and $1 25@1 75 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4®7
per bbl.
CITKUS FRUITS— Navel Oranee». $1 60<S2 25
per box: Seedlings, Eoc@l 25; Japanese Man
darins $I@l 25. Pomelos. $I@2 B0; Lemons, $1®
1 50 for common and J2®2 50 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes, ir-fto 50; California Limes, 25®
35c; Bananas, $1 "5@3 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3 50@4 per dozen. •'¦- ¦ ., ¦-?-.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4%e for
40-50' s, 4©l%c for 50-CO's. 3%c for 60-70' s. SVic
for 70-80's. 3c for 80-30's and 2%e for 90-IOCe.
Apricots. USl3c for Royals. 12%@16c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches. 540
6c for Standards. 6%@6\e for choice and 7@Se
for fancy: Peeled Peaches, 10@12%c; Evapo
rated Apples, 6@7c: Sun-dried, 6©5% c per lb;
Nectarines, B@9c; Pears, 3%@4%c for dark and
7©Sc for bright Halves; Black Figs, 2@2%c;
White Figs, 25?3c: Bleached Plums. B@9c; Un
bleached Plums, 7@7%c for pitted and l%c for
unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached ThomDion's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, 84c: choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c:
prime 6c; unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown, 6Vic: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per bex; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B@9c; Walnuts. B®9c for
btandards and S^lOc for soft»nell; Almonds,
HV4<fil2c for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4Q
5c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5%(f?6%c for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts. 7%©Be; Fil
berts. 12@12%c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
©6.
HONEY— Comb. U%(f?l2c for bright and 10%0
lie for light amber: water white extracted. 7\c;
llKht amber extracted. 7Vl@7%c; dark, B%©6c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24&26C Der lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing new to report, the market
being firm, with a good demand.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9\c per lb for
heavy, 10c fcr light medium. He for light. 12c
for extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13 I gi3%c; California
Hams nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; >iin
Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
&%r.; 10-lb tin*. B%c; 6-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@8%0 per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9%c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, U%@l2c; medium, lie; light. 10%o; Cow
hides. 10%@llc; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, lie; Calf,
lje; Dry Hides, sound. 19@20c; culls and brands,
17@lSc; Dry Kip and Veal, 17@18c; Dry Calf, 19
<Jf2oc; Sheepskins, yearlings, lo@3oc each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool.
90c@J120 each; Horse Hides, $2 50@3 for large
and $1 25® 2 for small; Colts. 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 543.54 c per lb; No.
2 4@44c; refined. 6%c: grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains. 9<gloc: South
ern S®loc; Middle County. ll®13c; Humboldt
ana Mendoclno. 17@20c; Eastern Oregon. 13@16c;
Valley Oregon, 18@20c; Northern Mountain
free. ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 100
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7®llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 6U@6%c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— B@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B®B%c; ewes, 7%@Bc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 15c; yearlings, B@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, I%c for small, 6%<g5%c for
medium and 5&5% c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, tlfOUc; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 737Vic; Wool Bags. 2S@3oc.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 DO; Seattle,
$7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $s';
Co-operative Wallsend. $8; Scotch. ;
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 50 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eggs, $13; Cannel, $v
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%; .Candy Granulated, 5%; Dry Gran
ulated, 6%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%: Golden C. 4%c; barrels,
l-16c more; half-barrels, %c more: boxes. %o
more: 60- Ib bags. %c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or -Its equivalent.
Domlnnß. hnlf-barrels, RTic: bo\e*. RU,c r.»r H>.
CANDLES— The Standard Oil Company an
nounces the following new prices: Electric
light candles— l 6 02., ll%c per set; 14 ox.. 10% c;
12 oz., 9Hc; 10 oz.. S»ic; twelves, 12 oz. (hotel),
lOVic. Granite mining candles— l 6 oz., 12@12Vio
per set: 14 oz.. 11®11V»c; 12 oz., 10>ic; 10 oz..
9%c; twelves. 12 oz. (hotel), 10*ic. Parafflne
wax candles— Ones, 14 oz., white, 12Ue per set:
twos, 14 oz., white, 12»4c; fours. 14 oz., white,
12V4c; sixes, 14 oz., white, 12% c; twelves. 14 oz.,
white. 12% c; colored, lc higher.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY/JANUARY ».
Flour, qr sks 33, 373 > Sugar, sks 2,500
Wheat, ctls 4.270 Sugar, bbls 210
Barley, ctls 7,560 Lime, bbls 317
Oats. ctls 440 Chicory, bbls 5
Corn, ctls 520 Quicksilver, flsks. 20
Rye. ctls 690; Hides. No 102
Butter, ctls 17&! Eggs, doz 11,140
Cheese, ctls 23!l'elts, bdls 21
Tallow, ctls 208|Wine, gals 77,000
Beans, sks 1.650 Leather, rolls 11l
Potatoes, sks .... 5,492 Brandy, gals 4,000
Onions, sks 104 Hops, bales 3
Bran, sks 1,830 Hay, tons ........ 631
Middlings, sks ... 710 1
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska 10,f31 Potatoes, sks .... 634
Wheat, ctls 12,110 Wool, bales- .Vr>J
Oats, ctls 00,
$5 60®5 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed), s »,j@
5%c; short clear sides (boxed). $5 80®5 M;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 23%. Sugars— Cut loaf, 6c; granulated. a.44c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
New York Grain and Produce.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
TUESDAY, -JANUARY 30.
CHICAGO. Jan. 29.— The wheat market
opened strong and active. May %@%c Improved
from Saturday at 68%<g694c. The strength was
due to the Liverpool advance and the cold
weather. The English grain center showed the
effect of the email world's shipments last week
and the British reverses on the Tugela. Liv
erpool, however, lost part of her early ctiin
and the advance met heavy selling. The mar
ket declined rapidly to 68%@%c, where the de
mand improved. Influencing a reaction wMch
carried May to 68% c. For a time trade was
quiet and fluctuations narrow around that fig
ure. Near the end of the session it was an
nounced that the European visible Srnd de
creased 1.900,000 bushels, the English 767,300 and
the American 938,000 bushels and under this in
fluence the market advanced actively. May
touched 69% c and closed strong, 1c over Satur
day,, at 69%(ff69',ic. New York reported that
Liverpool acceptances during the last half hour
of the session had been large. Foreigners were
good buyers here.
The corn market was quiet and easy the
greater part of the session, but near the :nd
the strength of wheat succeeded In steadying
the market. May closed a shade over Satur
day at 33®33%c.
In the oats market trade was quiet, with
hardly any fluctuations. May closed V t c higher
at 23%@23%c
The provision market opened firm and higher
on receipts of hogs under the estimate and
stronger prices at the yards. The demand was
slack, however, and the market turne-1 heavy
and closed easy. May pork closed 2%5J5c under
Saturday, May lard 5@7%c down and May ribs
5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 —
January 66 67% 66 67%
May «9H 69% 63Vi 68%
July 69% 70V4 69% 70%
January..'. »1 31 80% 31
May 33% 33% 32% 33%
July 33»i 33% 83% 33%
Oats No. 2—
May 23% 23% 23% 23%
July 22U 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork. Per barrel-
May 10 87% 10 90 10 67% 10 75
July 10 95 10 95 10 77% 10 82%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 6 02% 605 6 92% 595
July 610 6 12% «00 6 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 6 82% 5 82% 570 675
July 580 5 82% 6 77% 580
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm: No. 2 spring wheat. 64#C64c; No. 2 red,
6S«S7Oc; No. 2 corn. 314o; No. 2 oats, 22\@23c;
No. 2 white, 26c; No. 3 white, 24%©254 c: No.
2 rye. 624@54c; No. 2 barley. 3S@43c; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 .'.".; prime timothy seed, $2 45; mess
pork, per barrel. 510 30tf?10 fiO; lard, per 100
pounds, $3 70*52 3 82%; short ribs sides (loose).
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Tim's arul Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sa^
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hisrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street whaxO about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort P^lnt;
the height of Mile !s> the saw at both place*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 10% 5 104
Closing |" 6 10% 5 10%
PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 20 30 20 90
Closing 20 50 21 10
Flour-
Opening 26 75 27 05
Closing 26 70 27 10
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 29.— CATTLE— Good to
choice steers, steady: others a shade lower;
Texas, strong to a shade higher; butchers'
stock, canners and feeders, steady to firm; good
to choice, $5 25(g6 23: poor to . medium, $4@3;
mixed stockers. $3 23@3 85; selected feeders,
$4 20® 4 S5: good to choice cows. $3 40@4 50;
heifers, $3 25@5; canners, $2 20<&2 80; bulls. $2 JO
<54 25; calves, $4 00@8; fed Texas beeves, $1®
5 20. *
HOGS— Opened strong. 5c higher, closed weak;
top. $4 824: fair clearance; mixed and butch
ers', $4 60® 4 90; good to choice heavy. $4 70<Q)
$4 924: rough heavy. S4 60<g4 70; light, $4 55®
4 80; bulk of sales, $1 70(jf4 85.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs active, 10©13 c
higher; good clearance; native wethers, $4 50®
6 15: lambs, $5@6 90: Western wethers, $4 50®
6; Western lambs, $5 75@6 85.
Receipts— Cattle. 15,500; hogs, 27,000; sheep,
18.000.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— While showing
underlying strength and a fair amount
of activity In several departments, prices In the
metal market were not radically changed to
day. The cable and domestic primary point
news averaged up better than anticipated, and
was largely responsible for the firmer ruling of
the market. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PIO IRON— Warrants, dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $16 50.
TlN— Strong, with $27 70 bid.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 70 bid and $4 75
asked.
SPELTER— Firm, with $4 75 bid and $4 85
asked.
The brokers" price for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $16 10.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, January 27, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange Is as follows:
Wheat— 53,596,000 bushels; decrease, 957,000
bushels. C0rn— 14.526.0C0 bushels: Increase, 426.
000 bushels. 0at5— 5.332,000 bushels; increase,
244,000 bushels. Rye— 1.163,000 bushels; decrease,
50,000 bushels. Barley— L76o.ooo bushels; de
crease. 1C2.000 bushels.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 29.— Consols, 99%; silver, 274 d;
French rentes, IOOf 10c; wheat cargoes off coast,
nothing dolne; cargoes on passage, quiet and
steady; cargoes No. 1 standard California. 29s
6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 27s 6d; Import Into
United Kintrdom. wheat, 187.000: Import Into
United Kingdom', flour. 240, 0C0; wheat and flour
on passage to United Kingdom, 1.920.000: wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 740.000: In
dian shipments wheat to United Kingdom,
none.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 29.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s 34d#6s 4d; wheat In
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, steady; French coun
try markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 ?l-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— No. 2 Western winter, firm,
Es lid: No. 1 Northern spring:, 6s 4d; No. 1
California, 6s 34d*j6s 4d. Futures— Easy;
March. 5s 10% d; May, 5s lOVjd.
CORN— Spot— American mixed new. firm. 3s
e'.id; American mixed old, firm, 3s 6%d. Fu
tures — Quiet: January, 3s 6MA; February, 3s
e%d; March, 3s 6%d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Jan. 29.— Clearings, $387,567; bal
ances. $92,192.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 29— WHEAT— Firmer, but
business on a small scale. Walla Walla, 52c;
Valley ECKS'SI4c: Blue Stem, 53ff54c.
Cleared— British steamship Monmouthshire,
for Hongkong, with 24,054 barrels flour.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Jan. 29.— WHEAT— Club. 51c; Blue
Stem, 62c.
Foreign Futures.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .. .... 32.000 29.000
Wheat, bushels ". 36.000 "3.000
Corn; bushels . ....146.000 151.000
Oats, bushels " .241.000 200,000
Rye. bushels ..." '....'... 3,000 3,000
Barley, bushels .... 75.000 21.000
On the Produce Market to-day the butter
market was steady creamery, 19@24c; dairy,
lS®22c Cheese, firm; 12>&13c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 15c.
THE STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1900.
8
iTlme!
ITlme
s
L wj
F
Ft.
H wi
Ft.
W
F
HW
Ft.
30 ...
SI ...
1 ...
J ...
3 ...
4 ...
s ...
_ f.
. 4:22
H W
. 0:09
. 0:45
. 1:20!
. 1:561
. 2:35-
. 3:19!
i i_
2.7] 10:2 l!
L W
S.I 5:13
6.3 6 ¦>»
Slsl «:57|
5.6 1 7:54!
5.6' S:JO|
5.7 l 9:59
6.0
I M
1.9'
' l.«'
1.3!
, 1.1
0.91
I*
I
5
[
U
12
1
3
4
5:1
!:'
I:
i .
0.7J
L Wi
8.0 5:45
5.7 6:23
5.4 7:9S
4.9 7:51|
4.5! S:3oj
4.0 9:26 i
-4t
0.0
0.3
I.}
1.7
2.9
Steamer.
¦ From.
I Due.
Homer
..IPortland
.jJan.
W
TlimlMirT» :
3")
Volumnla
A. Blanchaxd..
.. Hamdurg
..Coos Bay
. J 1:1 .
. (Jan.
v
Empire
Point Arena...
Samoa
Nippon Mara. .
Australia
State of Cal...
Albion
Bristol
Willamette ....
.. Coo« Bay
..(Point Arena
..iHumboldt
..[China and Japan.
. . I Honolulu
..'Portland
...jCrescent City
..Oyster Harbor....
...Seattle
.Jan.
Jin.
.jJan.
ban. ,
.Jan. .
.Jan. ;
. Jan. ,
. Jan.
. Jan.
3>
ta
»
San Bias
Mackinaw ....
..[Panama
..|Seattle
.'Jan.
.| Jan.
sjanta Kosa
South Portlan
San Pedro
..nan Die*o
ad' Oyster Harbor....
.. IHumboldt
:Jan.
.'Jan.
.|Feb.
31
I
Walla Walla..
Wellington —
Orizaba
Aloha
Coos Bay
Arcata ¦
Lady Jolcey...
Criscent City.
Newburg-
"Washtenaw ...
K. Thomson...
Tellus
Columbia
Corona •
North Fork —
Bonlta
..Victoria & Puget
..Oyster Harbor....
..IHumboldt
..(Crescent City
.^Newport
?.;Coo» Bay
..|Chlna and Japan.
...pCreseent City
..(Grays Harbor
. . Comox
... Oyster Harbor....
... Oyster Harbor
...Portland
...San ZHego
.. Humboldt
..IJTewport
und
l.Feb.
JFeU
.iFeb.
.JFeb.
. iKeo.
.Feb.
.Feb.
.iFeb.
.[Feb.
.(Feb.
JFeb.
.|Feb.
. KeD.
. Feb.
. Feb.
. Teb.
I
1
t
»
I
a
i
3
S
3
*
\
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails, I Pier.
Coquille Rv|Grays HarborlJan. ». X pm[Pt«r XX
North *'«« MurnDoidt.;... Jan. :*. »am fier 4
Centennial iKahulul Jan. SO. 12 m'SW 1
A Blanch'dlCoos Bay |Jaa. SI. S pm'Pler U
ij'omta San I'edro |Jan. SI. !» ampler U
Oueen |Vlc & Pgt Sd.jJan. 31. 10am,Pler »
Doric IChlna*JapaniFeb. 1. 1 pmPUSS
Pomona ...-ISan Diego |Feb. 2. 11 am;Pler U
Etate of Cal' Portland [Feb. J. Wam:Pler)!*
Samoa (Humbolrtt IFeb. J. Warn Pier 13
Orizaba ...|Humboldt |F>b- 3. SpmiPler •
ft Arena... il'clnt Arena.. ! Feb. 3. 2 pra.Pter 3
Arcata ....|Coo» Bar. Feb. 4. 10 am! Pier It
Coos Bar-.. (Newport F*b. 4. Jaza ; PlerU
Walla Wall Vie & Pet Sd. Feb. 5. 10 amlPler 9
A Blanch'd;Cooa 8a.7 Feb. 8. 10 am! Pier 1J
Corona San Diego 'Feb. «. 11 axn|Pler U
i*a
4XIIS
i*-ii- L
24 h<
.02
33.60
14. b3
'.3
T.« 7
6.12
t!s«
2. US
1.15
.04
12.41
6.57
4.L7
2.94
2.G2
3.43
vrst iirp
i*a
4XIIS
i*-ii- L
24 h<
.02
33.60
14. b3
'.3
T.« 7
6.12
t!s«
2. US
1.15
.04
12.41
6.57
4.L7
2.94
2.G2
3.43
vrst iirp
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails, I Pier.
Coquille Rv|Grays HarborlJan. ». X pm[Pt«r XX
North *'«« MurnDoidt.;... Jan. :*. »am fier 4
Centennial iKahulul Jan. SO. 12 m'SW 1
A Blanch'dlCoos Bay |Jaa. SI. S pm'Pler U
ij'omta San I'edro |Jan. SI. !» ampler U
Oueen |Vlc & Pgt Sd.jJan. 31. 10am,Pler »
Doric IChlna*JapaniFeb. 1. 1 pmPUSS
Pomona ...-ISan Diego |Feb. 2. 11 am;Pler U
Etate of Cal' Portland [Feb. J. Wam:Pler)!*
Samoa (Humbolrtt IFeb. J. Warn Pier 13
Orizaba ...|Humboldt |F>b- 3. SpmiPler •
ft Arena... il'clnt Arena.. ! Feb. 3. 2 pra.Pter 3
Arcata ....|Coo» Bar. Feb. 4. 10 am! Pier It
Coos Bar-.. (Newport F*b. 4. Jaza ; PlerU
Walla Wall Vie & Pet Sd. Feb. 5. 10 amlPler 9
A Blanch'd;Cooa 8a.7 Feb. 8. 10 am! Pier 1J
Corona San Diego 'Feb. «. 11 axn|Pler U
Steamer.
¦ From.
I Due.
Homer
..IPortland
.jJan.
W
TlimlMirT» :
3")
Volumnla
A. Blanchaxd..
.. Hamdurg
..Coos Bay
. J 1:1 .
. (Jan.
v
Empire
Point Arena...
Samoa
Nippon Mara. .
Australia
State of Cal...
Albion
Bristol
Willamette ....
.. Coo« Bay
..(Point Arena
..iHumboldt
..[China and Japan.
. . I Honolulu
..'Portland
...jCrescent City
..Oyster Harbor....
...Seattle
.Jan.
Jin.
.jJan.
ban. ,
.Jan. .
.Jan. ;
. Jan. ,
. Jan.
. Jan.
3>
ta
»
San Bias
Mackinaw ....
..[Panama
..|Seattle
.'Jan.
.| Jan.
sjanta Kosa
South Portlan
San Pedro
..nan Die*o
ad' Oyster Harbor....
.. IHumboldt
:Jan.
.'Jan.
.|Feb.
31
I
Walla Walla..
Wellington —
Orizaba
Aloha
Coos Bay
Arcata ¦
Lady Jolcey...
Criscent City.
Newburg-
"Washtenaw ...
K. Thomson...
Tellus
Columbia
Corona •
North Fork —
Bonlta
..Victoria & Puget
..Oyster Harbor....
..IHumboldt
..(Crescent City
.^Newport
?.;Coo» Bay
..|Chlna and Japan.
...pCreseent City
..(Grays Harbor
. . Comox
... Oyster Harbor....
... Oyster Harbor
...Portland
...San ZHego
.. Humboldt
..IJTewport
und
l.Feb.
JFeU
.iFeb.
.JFeb.
. iKeo.
.Feb.
.Feb.
.iFeb.
.[Feb.
.(Feb.
JFeb.
.|Feb.
. KeD.
. Feb.
. Feb.
. Teb.
I
1
t
»
I
a
i
3
S
3
*
\
iTlme!
ITlme
s
L wj
F
Ft.
H wi
Ft.
W
F
HW
Ft.
30 ...
SI ...
1 ...
J ...
3 ...
4 ...
s ...
_ f.
. 4:22
H W
. 0:09
. 0:45
. 1:20!
. 1:561
. 2:35-
. 3:19!
i i_
2.7] 10:2 l!
L W
S.I 5:13
6.3 6 ¦>»
Slsl «:57|
5.6 1 7:54!
5.6' S:JO|
5.7 l 9:59
6.0
I M
1.9'
' l.«'
1.3!
, 1.1
0.91
I*
I
5
[
U
12
1
3
4
5:1
!:'
I:
i .
0.7J
L Wi
8.0 5:45
5.7 6:23
5.4 7:9S
4.9 7:51|
4.5! S:3oj
4.0 9:26 i
-4t
0.0
0.3
I.}
1.7
2.9BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Monticello.'*
MON.. Tue«.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:C
a. in.; 3:13, 3:30 d. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sunday 9. 10:30 a. m.. i
p. m. Landing and office, Mlsslon-atreet Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main ICCS.
FARE ~ Ma
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. calMns at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. Marco 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. Marci 31
Via Honolulu.
nound-trij> tickets at reduced ratea. For
freight and passage apply at company 1 • of flee,
421 Market «t.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
* HflflfllS^ff'nffeff lP T, 1 " 8 S ; a -Australia
fiW t\il 4$ »l*lim ' niis for Honolulu
W i-f fii *£**"*• Wednesday. 1 Feb. /.
HI v~3. C£j ** l»f *>. at i p. m.
aSfflOj/ L' A The s - s Alamerta
J@*b£yy Cy»i l ' l -A 1| X Auckland for Sydney
"OS?^ (OiIRUfZW" "Wednesday. Feb. 21.
«O" v-oiifvj.tcj at j p m .
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii
Sairoa New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez.
England, etc.: $810 flrst class.
». D. ar «£CU£t.b & 8803.C0.. Agts.. <I 4 Msnt^s.Tieri
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St F.-eifiW Office. 32? Market St
COXFAQNIS GENE&ALE TBAKSATLASTXQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. e-cy*.
Sailing every Thursday instead cf </* • r J^\
Saturday, from November 2. IsSS. at "« 3t * -*"*"•*¦
10 a. m.. from Pier *2. North River, foot of
Morton st. : LA NOP.MANDIE. Feb. 1; LA
BRETAOXE. Feb. 8: LAQL ITAINK. Feb. 13;
LA GASCOGNE. Feb. 22. First-clu.«» to Havre.
160 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second clas? to Havre. $45: 5 per cent rj-
ductioh on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY'
FOX UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 23
Broadway (Hudson bu!!d!ne;). New Tork. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agent*. 5
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
CAPE NOME.
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATES
apply CAPT. W. E. NESniTT. 516 Market.
I 704. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; celling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Time— H. '-I 3: *• :3 *H: H. 1:03; %, l:tt\i. Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner"
Dr. Rexford's eh. g. by Tammany-Namesake. Colonel Root fortunate. Jenkins on Owy'
hee waited altogether too long. Lost Girl has toured on the game. Manzanllla had eaHw
gpee^^Scratchjed— GoldßaronlOO. . y
703. FOURTH RACE— One mile and an elehth; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, JlOO
Time— H. --Wi; %. :37; %, 1:02%; %. 138; m. 1:41%; 1H m. 1:53V4. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, W. L.. Stanfleld's eh. c. by Apache-Marln. Toriblo a rood horse
to-day. Pirate In difficulties the first P«rt of it. Too fast for Del Paso. Scratched— Ein
stein 102. Perseua 107. Merops 107, Stromo 97.
Time— H. :2«H: 4. :«K; %. 1:14. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. D. Cameron's b. m. by Imp. Eagle Plume-Frlcla. May never extended. Mon
rovia nhowed to advantage. February bled.
702. THIRD RACE— Six furlonxs: mares, four-year-olds and up; purse. $350
701. SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selllnc; three-year-olds; purse, J3OO.
Time— To %, :22; to:47; £ :47; last %, l:02<4) short %. l:l2*i. Good start. Won easily at end.
Winner, W. B. Jennings &. Co.'s eh. c. by Tenny-lmp. Red-worth Rose, Winner outrun
middle DRrt of It. Was drawing: away at the close. Handera waa backed. Hlpponax
etop;>*d in th« stretch. Nance O'Nell dislikes weight. Almendral split his hoof. Scratched
— ZJska 103. Bagdad 105, Pinfjuoc 105. Choteau 108, Billy Moore 108.
Time— « 4. :13: H :3": %. l-'O3; T4, 1:25%- Good start. Won easily. Second and third drlv
lnr. Winner, J. M. Crane's 'b m. by Wlldldle-Rosette. Schiller was stopping, which al
lowed Dolore' to win Without effort. Croker a bad bettlnK proposition.
5 NEILL MAY NOT MEET O'BRIEN.
5 INDOOR BASEBALL SCHEDULE.
MIDWEEK
COURSING AT
BOTH PARKS
NEILL AND
O'BRIEN MAY
NOT BATTLE
Fleet Hounds Matched for
Reserve Stakes at Union
and Ingleside.
Local Pugilist Suffering From
a Punch —News of the
Fighters*
Selections for To-Day.
First race— My Dear. Free Pass, LlzzeUa.
Second race—Ootobed. Tom Cromwell, Twinkle
Twink. .
Third race—Slg Levy, SofalA. Dunfree.
Fourth race—David Tenny, Satsuma, Dr.
Marks.
Fifth race—Silver Bullion, San Tomas, An
toinette.
Sixth race—Matt Hogan, leallne, Bagdad.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Matrimony Rather Than Jail.
OAKLAND, Jan. 29.— Walter J. Sewell,
a railroad man. anrl Miss Nellie Magee of
West Oakland were married In the ofi'ice
of Chief of Police Hodgkins to-day. The
groom was arrested in Stockton and pre
ferred matrimony to jail.
SUSPECT ARRESTED
Man Believed to Have Murdered
Three Men in Custody.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 29.— The steamer
Danube, arriving from the north to-night,
brings news that the Custom-house has
been removed from Log Cafcin to Sum
mit. Also that a man named O'Brien had
been arrested on suspicion of having mur
dered Olsen, Clayson and Relfe near
Minto, on the Klondike trail. A draft be
longing to Relfe for a large amount was,
it Is said, in his possession.
Captain Hanson, the famous "flying
Dutchman" and seal rookery raider, with
James Moier, a companion, have been
drowned on the west coast while return
ing with a canoeload of supplies to his
prospector's cabin.
THIRTY WORKMEN DROWN.
British Steamship Strikes and Sinks
a Harbor Vessel.
HAMBURG, Jan. 30.— The British
steamer Expedient has run down and
sunk a harbor steamer near Altona. Thir
ty workmen were drowned.
Pensions for Coast Veterans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.—Pensions for
Californians— Original—Thomas Flannlng,
Folsom, $'5; Joseph D. Pratt. Rio Vista, $8.
Increase—William E. Aber, San Diego, $8
to $I" Mark Cunningham. Soldiers' Home.
Los Angeles. $6 to $^1 Benjamin Trambly,
Norwalk $C to $3. Reissue—Stephen Buck
lev Vallejo, $30. Original widows', etc.—
Lucy Martin, San Diego, $8.
Washington—Original—Edmund N. Curl,
Tacoma. $W. Increase —John M. Remley,
Beaver, $6 to $8.
ST. PATRICK'S ALLIANCE.
State Convention in Session — Resolu
tions of Sympathy for the
Boers.
The State convention of the St. Pat
rick's Alliance of America was held In
Knights of Red Branch Hall yesterday
SHE WOULD N0T
TRUST BROTHER
WITH HER WILL
Mrs. Ann Harris Took
Precautions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
SOS Broadway, Jan. 29.
In a letter left by Mrs. Ann Harris ac
companying her will is revealed the bitter
feeling she entertained for her brother,
Josiah P. Ames, whom she cut off with
a bequest of $5 and whom she had sued to
recover $175,000 worth of bonds and securi
ties.
The will was admitted to probate to-day
by Judge Greene. E. Wilder Churchill,
husband to a niece of Mrs. Harris, was
appointed executor, and he related in
court that he had received the will In a
sealed envelope from his father, Edmund
S. Churchill, a Napa banker. The elder
Mr. Churchil corroborated his son's state
ment and said he received the will In a
package In December, IS9S, a letter accom
panying It from Mrs. Ann Harris. This
letter was made public for the first time
to-day. It reads:
My Dear Mr. Churchill: Please find inclosed
my will. Kindly take charge of it and deliver
It to your son, E. Wilder Churchill, after my
<3<»ath Having had «o much trouble with my
brother Josiah, I desire my win shall be in
fafe hfinds. Having done so much for him I
am determined he shall have no more.
ANN' HARRIS.
It was supposed that the estate to be
administered upon would amount to near-
Iv $200 000. but it appears from testimony
taken to-day that Mrs. Harris disposed
of most of her property by deed prior to
her death, leaving only about $1000 in per
sonal effects and a J60.000 judgment ob
tained against her brother, Josiah P.
Ames, recently. Her property she left to
the children of her other brother. John
Ames, deceased.
business was the adoption of amendments
to the constitution and by-laws and the
election of officers for the current term.
The new officers are: P. J. Ryan, presi
dent; P. F. McCarthy, vice-president:
John Ganey, State secretary; Charles
Sheahan, State treasurer; "William O'Con
nor, T. J. Desmond, B. T. Connelly and
William Collins, trustee, and James Cor
ley, sergeant-at-arms.
At the evening session the following res
olutions were unanimously adopted:
Resolved by the St. Patrick's Alliance of
America. District of California. In convention
assembled. That we most heartily approve the
patriotic and Independent action taken by the
inhabitants of the two republics of South Afri
ca In defense of their liberty and sacred rights
and condemn the British Government for the
unjust and unwarranted prosecution of the
present war against the citizens of these re
publics: further
Resolved. That our active sympathies be and
are hereby extended to the brave people who
are so xuccessfully fighting the invaders of
their country to the end that Independent
TTnlted States of South Africa may be estab
lished.
Resolved. That they should have the support
of every lover of liberty In their defense against
the mother of oppression, the despicable hypo
crite of the nation* of the world, and we appeal
to the liberty-loving people to g\ve their moral
support to the cause of the Inhabitants of the
two republics.
After the close of the convention there
was a banquet, at which President Ryan
presided, and toasts were offered and re
sponded to by T. J. Rooney, T. J. Des
mond, T. McKeon, T. J. Dunne, C. Schea
han, P. J. Corley. John Ganey and Wil
liam Mulvln.
FRENCH DINNER
CAUSES DEATH
OF YOUNG MAN
Ptomaine Poisoning
Follows Eating.
IN ACUTE AGONY FOR DAYS
the Chicago Limited, which leaves the
mole at 9 o'clock each morning.
LEFT THE CHURCH
FOR THE STAGE
OAKLAND, Jan. 29.— Ernest Howell. for
merly a well-known religious worker of
this city, made his appearance before the
public of Oakland again to-night. This
time, however, it was from behind the
footlights of a theater instead of on the
platform of a Sunday-school.
In his vocation Mr! Howell promised to
be a success. ' He is a member of the Mac
conough stock company, and In "Too
Much Johnson," which is being produced
this week, he Is cast for a juvenile part.
Uefore leaving religious work for the
business of entertaining he was superin
tendent of St. Paul's Episcopal Sunday
school of this city.
VrCTTZyi LINGERED IN CONVUL
SIONS SINCE FRIDAY.
CONTEST OF A WIDOW
AND STEPDAUGHTER
«
Henry De La Eve Meets a Sad End
While Home on a Visit From
Arizona to His "
Parents.
¦-AKLAND, Jan. 29.— A San Francisco
.'rench dinner caused ptomaine poisoning
:rh resulted in the death of Henry de
la Rue of East Oakland. The young "man
me the deadly food last Friday night and
was soon afterward seized with griping
ialr.fi. These were followed by aguniz-
Itig convulsions and unconsciousness,
which lasted until death occurred this
morning-
The your.? rr.an visited San Francisco
litt Friday afternoon with a party of
irior.Us. They went to a French restaur
ant and had a table d'hote dinner, aft«-r
which they adjourned to a theater. De la
Hue became ill while returning to his
home, G2S Hast Twelfth street, and upon
his arrival there his condition became
rap'.flly worse. It linally became so
farming that his father. Dr. <5e ia Rue.
Called in Drs. Beckwith and'Wilcox. They
worked upon him incessantly In an en
deavor to relieve the victim of his ex
cruciating agony and bring him out of the
comatose condition into which he finally
lapsed, but their labor was futile. He
l.cpt sinking gradually and finally expired
at 2 o'clock this morning.
The deceased was 27 years of age and
had been a resident of IZast Oakland for
lour years. He was born and educated
at Nashville, ' Term.. and was employed
as a locomotive fireman when he tirst
came here. Later he became engineer of
a. mine in Arizona and was on a visit to
Ins parents at the time of 'his death.
He was a member of Brooklyn Lodge of
Masons and the funeral wiM be heM un
der the auspices of that body. Thus far
it has not been ascertained what part of
the food he ate caused the poisoning.
Ncr is it known at what restaurant he
and his friends partook of the French
dinner.
A thorough Investigation will un
doubtedly be made.
FUNERAL TRAIN
FOR DEAD OFFICERS
OAKLAND, Jan. 29.— Mary P. Brooks
to-day answered the complaint of her
stepdaughter. Mrs. Alice M. Wilkinson, In
the latter's contest over the estate of her
father, the late Lafayette Brooks. Tho
widow admits that Mrs. Wilkinson is the
surviving daughter and that If Brooks
had died Intestate she would have b;en
entltl'-d to nine-tenths of his estate, but
f-he denies that her husband was 'nsane
or mentally weak for a long period pimr
to his demise, or was incompetent to man
age his property. The widow asserts that
Mr. Hiooks was perfectly sane when he
deeded most of his property to her. but
denies that the property fo conveyed was
valued at more than SStKK). As to Mrs.
Wilkinson's husband being joined as a
plaintif:'. tho widow alleges that he is an
Interloper in this action and hns no stand
ing in this court. She asks that the suit
be dismlFsed.
STEPPED OFF A CAR
AND BROKE HIS ARM
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— J. E. Hannan. a
| bookbinder, aged 16 years, residing at 1010
i East Thirteenth avenue, slipped as he
alighted from a car at Twelfth and Grove
streets this afternoon and broke his right
; aim. He was taken to the Receiving
I Hospital, where Drs. Stanton and Rowe
I reduced the fracture, which involves the
I elbow joint.
George W. Drake Dead.
OAKLAND. Jan. 26.— George W. Drake,
president of the West Oakland Improve
ment Club, died this morning at his resi
dence. 1720 Tenth street. West Oakland.
He had been eick with erysipelas -for two
weeks. The deceased was 6S years of age
and had been a resident of this city for
the past twenty-six years. He was prom
inently identified with the improvement
association since its organization. He
leaves a widow, three sons and one daugh
ter. The funeral services will be held
from St. Patrick's Church, West Oaklan-1.
next Wednesday morning.
Mrs. Tait Suing for Divorce.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2&— Suit for divorce
was tegun in the Superior Court to-day
by Mrs. Annie M. Tait against James Tait.
The ccmplaint was prepared by Attorney
C. H. Hublis and in it the wife alleges
that she was forced to leave her husband
owing to hi? cruel treatment. It is stated,
however, that back of this simple allega
tion are charges of a most heinous char
acter. The parties were married in th?
East in ISSI and have resided in Alameda
for many years. Tait Is a builder and
contractor, and was recently arrested on
complaint of his wife, who charged him
with battery. The parties? have a daugh
ter, aged IS years, and a son, aged 16.
i
OAKLAND, Jan. 23.— A committee of j
crmy officers from San Francisco Is super- I
vising the draping in mourning of a *>;^e- j
rial funeral train to carry the remains of '
Major General Henry W. Lawton, Major
Jotin A. Logan and Dr. J. L. Armstrong
to their respective homes.
The train will consist of a baggage car
r.r.d two Pullmans. The bodies will be
r>lacp<l -in the composite car in charge of !
a guard of honor from the Presidio. One
of the coaches will be placed at the tfis
r>"sal of General Lawton's family. Gen
eral Fhafter ami Colonel Eupcne T. Wii
;^!i. his aid. The other will be for the j
family of Major Logan. The train uill
probably be made the second section of '
No Longer Mother and Son.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2?.— Mary Schobf>l hn.s
won hack the property at Lorin which she
deeded to August Welke some time aeo.
Judge EUswortta to-day granted her a de
cree restoring the property to her In her
suit acainst \Wlke. The parties for sev
eral year? lived together as mother ami
son. until Welke induced her to transfer
her Ivorin property to him. Then they fell
out and the woman sued.
Lobous, near Brest. Her crew, consisting
of eighteen men, was rescued by flsh
boats.
Convention Called.
FRESXO. Jan. 23.— 1t was announced
to-day that the conference of tba-Stata
Central Committee of the Silver Repub
licans of California to came delegates to
tiie rational convention will be held In
this city on May 13.
WHEELER WILL
GO EAST TO
GIVE LECTURES
May Engage New Men
For Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Jan. 29.— Benjamin Ide
Wheeler will go East next weejc, to be
gone about a month, during which time
he will address several learned societies
and attend to important business for the
University of California. / On February 8
he will deliver the dedicatory address on
the occasion of the opening of Perkins
Memorial Hall at Colorado College. At
the University of Virginia he will deliver
the Thomas lectures, a series given an
nually by some noted savant. He will be
the speaker of the day at the Founder's
Day service at Johns Hopkins University
on February 22. A visit will be made to
each of the more prominent Eastern uni
versities to canvass material for probable
vacancies at the University of California.
At Washincton President Wheeler will
confer with prominent Government offi
cials in the interest of the university.
At Chicago, on the return trip, he will
address the City Civic L«ague and the
meeting of Superintendents of Education
of the United State*, and will attend, as
a delegate, the conference of American
Universities on the status of higher de
grees.
The Olympic's New Court.
The c«w handball court in the Olympic
Time— >4, :25H; H, :S0; %. 1:16: mile, 1:42. Fair »tort. Won easily. Second easily. Third
driving. Winner. J. F. Schorr's eh. c. by Cayuga-Proßperity. Brode eased up last six
teenth. Bathos showed improvement. My Gyps? cut off soon after start. Bogus Bill away
badly. Scratched— Daniel 86. ?
Reecham's Pills
*""' CURE SICK HEAD AO HE
and ad lit© magio on a -weal:
stomach and disordered liver.
10 cents and 23 cents, at all drag stores.
705. SIXTH RACE— One mile; free handicap: three-year-olds; purse, $600.
WILL PLAY
ON INDOOR
DIAMOND
Olympic and Reliance Teams
to Open the Tournament.
Schedule of Games.
Next Thursday evening nines from the
Olympic Athletic Club, and the Reliance
Athletic Club of Oakland will Inaugurate
the Indoor baseball tournament. The
game will be played In the local athletic
institution. Great interest Is being 6hown
in the outcome of the eerles.
Three teams will contest for the hand-
i-ilver cup offered as a trophy by
the Amateur Athletic Association. They
v.iU be from the Young Men's Christian
Association of this city, the Reliance duo
of Oakland and the Olympic Club of San
KranciKco. The following schedule of
primes has been arranged:
February 1. Thursday— Olympic vs. Hellaacfe.
Olympic riab.
February €, Tuesday— Olympic vs. Y. M. C.
A.. Olympic Club.
. February 9. Friday— Reliant* vs. T. M. C. A., '
Reliance Club.
February 14. Wednesday-Olympic v«. Rell
«r.r«. Rellar.pe Club.
»»<ruar> 18, Friday— T. M. C. A. tb Olyrn
ri". V. 11. C. A. Cluh.
February 2°. Tuesday— T. M. C A- v«. Rell
nire, Y. M. C. A. Club.
Ffjjraary Zt. Tbur&lay— Reliance xm. Olrm
rl'\ Oly nude Club. .!¦¦.:*;
February ST. Tuesday— Olympic vs. T. M. C.
A., Y. M. C. A. Cluh.
March 2. Friday— X. M. C. A. vm. Reliance.
The members of the various teams ar§
Olympic— Fred Butz, O>orce Fuller, A W
Foiiansbee Jr.. Charles Derham. Georga '
Jamet, \V. Cartwright. Harry Monohan \V*l
•!am Mcl^«!ne, Ed .Stark, William Han'rahan
I. Wand. J. F. Cunningham. W. Leach and A
Valdcf=plno.
T. M. C. A.-Frr>d L. Shaw Francln S Mor- I
ton, Guy P. Lytton, Harry M. IJurk*. Edcar ;
titouter.lterK. Ont-n de Witt. Jflims J. Tcxihv !
I'ftT F. Bcott. Harry C. Roberts and Fred
Crawford.
K^lianc*— rvacon. Dlrkman, Wyms. Roren
:••:::. Lefevre. Aurtifred. Holmes, lirorkhacr
Arnew; substitutes— La F>che. IZeebe and
Wr-lte.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1300, by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Monday. January W. 1900.— Weather fine. Track slow.
DRUGGED
WHILE IN
THE RING
Fitzsimmons Now Offers a
Novel Excuse for His De
feat by Teffries,
Epec'.sJ Dispatch to Tfce Call.
NETW TORK. Jan. 23.-Robert FitEslm
mons now proclaims that he was drug
ged when he was whipped by James
Jeffries for the championship of the
world at Coney Island last June.
Fltzsimmoris says that the drug was
gircn to him in water which he drank
•luring the early part of the fight, and
That he has no recollection of anything
that happened after he went out for the
third round.
Fcr nearly, two months aftor the fight
FUzEimmons says he ha<i great difficulty
2n remembering ordinary Incidents of the
day. Try as he would, he could not fasten
in hts mind those things which he wish
ed to remember. Gradually he came to
himself, and as he recovered he became
more and more convinced that he had
met foul play.
Club will he opened to-morrow evening.
The court will be opened with a game be
tween James A. McElroy and N*. A. Hew
! son against Charles A. Sullivan and Wil
¦ Ham D. Shea. The game will commence
jat 7:45 to-morrow evening. A second
I Fame will be played between Theo F.
Bonnet and Al Hampton against James
C. Nealon and John Riordan. Then" the
I court will be declared open to the general
membership.
Ward Easy for McGovern.
BALTIMORE. Jan. 29.— Terry McGovern
knocked out Jack Ward of Newark before
the Eureka Club to-night in two minutes
and five seconds. The men were booktd
to go twenty rounds. They went at it
hammer and tongs from the start. Ward
landed a right and left on the Jaw without
a counter. In a clinch McGovern sent his
right to the kidneys and a moment later
a left on the stomach and a right on the
tip of the jaw put Ward to sleep.
MIDWINTER SPORTS.
CONLEY IN
FRONT ON
COL. ROOT
Ring Laid 30 to 1 Against
the Montana Horse — Oak
ltllJvl l\toUllo>
"Longshot" Conley disturbed the usual
serenity of things at Oakland track yes
terday by getting home first on Colonel
Koot, a 30 to 1 shot in the betting, in tho
fifth race. The big chestnut horse was
formerly used as a cart horse on the
mountain ranch of Marcus Daly. He ar
rived here with Dan Dennison's string,
and was only recently purchased by Dr.
Kexford. Conley took him to the front,
and in a drive beat Meadow Lark less
than a length, with the favorite, Owyhee,
a close third.
In the other events decided favorites
fared better, winning four of the purses.
Old Dolore, which recently changed
owners, suffered a return of winning form,
beating out her field at the end without
effort, in the opening run at seven fur
longs. She was played from fours to 5 to
2 favoritism. Driving hard, Bullman land
ed Schiller In the place, ahead of Correct.
Clarando. with little W. Hennessy up, fell
on the back stretch.
The chestnutTenny colt Redwald'went to
the post an overwhelming choice for the
sprint over the Futurity course. Showing
Intermittent turns of speed and getting
c"ut off on two or three occasions, he
eventually won easily. Harry Thatcher,
the pacemaker, was ridden out to get the
place from Handera.
It was just like breaking eggs for May
W to beat Imp. Consilla In the six-fur
long sprint for mares. Don Cameron's
flyer had her price chopped from even
money to 3 to 5 and won all the way.
Monrovia, at long odds, finished a good
third behind Clonsilla.
With 4 to 1 about him at post time To
rlblo, ridden by Jenkins, led almost from
the start In the mile and a furlong selling
affair. At the finish he was hard presßed
by Itcd Pirate, which horse was backed
for a good thing. Del Paso, the favorite,
ran unplaced.
F. W. Brode at short odds ran away
from his field In the mile handicap for
three-year-olds. Anjou led Bathos past
the judges for the place.
Track Notes.
Albert Simon yesterday refused an offer
of $2000 for the two-year-old Sig. Levy.
Llttlo Willie Ilennessy escaped with a
broken arm when Clarando fell with him
on the back stretch.
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward: maidens.
€90 Antler W 688 Hunch 103
... Mildred Hughes. 89; ... Llzzella 105
6TB Free Pass S3 ••• Esrita 89
632 La Amiga....... 89 653 My Dear 101
671 Caesar Young... 94 ... Jenghl 91
... St. Germain 91 ••• Lew Zara S3
Second race—One mile and a sixteenth; four
yenr-olds and upward: selling.
033 None 6uch.......101 66* Twinkle Twlnk. 99
616 Gotobed .-104 642 Olengaber .......109
(660)T0m Cromwell.. 114 639 Los Prletos 101
Third race—Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse.
... Count Hubert...lls 655 St. Rica 107
(685)Dunfree U5 ... Pat Foley 115
(636)51g Levy 118 *5S S lrly Du«it 115
696PeutEtre 118 696 Parsifal ilBi18
. Corn Cake US 685 Thornwlld us
... Bay Ge1ding.....1151 655 Sofala 115
Fourth race—One mile and three-eighths;
four-year-olds and upward: selling.
666 Tempo 100f 677 Billy M'Closkey.loo
675 Snips ...93 697 David Tenny....ioo
686 Satsuma 104 662 Grady 100
673 Dr. Marks S<
'Fifth race—Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds. •yjßßßjjjg*
694 Antoinette 107 680 Silver Bullion... 107
695 LB M'Whlrter..lC2 (485) San Tomas m
699 Saul of Tarsus..lo9 690 Allenna ..107
Did Not Commit Suicide.
A coat, collar and hat were found on the
road leading to the Cliff House yesterday.
On the coat was pinned a message to the
Coroner, sipned "T. J. McGlone," stating
that that person was tired of life and was
about to commit suicide. McGlone Is a
sign painter and resides at 1800 Devisadero
street. The police Investigated the case
and found McGlone well and hearty last
night. They arrived at the conclusion
that the whole matter was only a josh.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
t Stramers leave lirnadway
%i» wharf. San Francisco:
K%w_ Fur Alaskan ports. 10 h.
mßgy. m.. Jan. IS. 31. F-b.
15sSpJ2»w» k Chance to company's stc-am-
iCr ME»Vj« c " at Seattle.
Isp^^SJa t£l3 For Victoria. Vancouver
EHaSZLiW^Hu I 18. C). Port Townsend,
f^ffi^||rfi« Seattle. Tacoma, Everett.
" Anacortes and New What-
"d com iWash.). 19 a- m-. Jan.
25. 31. Feb. i and «very fifth day th«reaft»r;
change at Seattle to this company 1 ! steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbcldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Jan.
29, Feb. S, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucoa. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gav'ota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Jan. 17. il. Feb. 4, and every fuurth day
thereafter.
For San Dleno. stopping only at Port Karfori
<San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Lo«
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angreles). 11 a. m..
Jan. ». Feb. 2. and every fourth day there-
after.
For Ensenada, Magrdalena Bay, San Jose d<"l
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas tSlex.). 10 a. ex.. 7th of. each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to chanjrs
steamers, sailing 1 dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hote!).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A«ts..
10 Market St.. San Franei3co.
CAREER OF AN AGED
PIONEER CLOSED
ALAMEDA, Jan. 29.— The death of Wil
liam Price Jones occurred this morning
at his residence, 923 Pacific avenue, after
a prolonged illness. Deceased was a pio
neer and a prominent man In the business
community several years ago.
Mr. Jones was a native of Wales, 77
years of age. He came to America with
his parents when quite young and took
up a residence In Ohio. In 1849 he came to
California and engaged in mining. In
which he was successful. He was a mem
ber of the Third State Legislature, which
convened at Yallejo in 1553, having been
elected from Calaveras County.
Mr. Jones subsequently held the position
of manager at Washington of the Belllng
ham Bay coal mine, the property of Al
vinza Hay ward. In ISTS he resigned the
position, and returning to California took
up his residence in Alameda. Then he or
ganized the Oakland Home Mutual Insur
ance Company and acted as president for
twelve years. This venture was an un
fortunate one for Mr. Jones, and he lost
a part of his fortune, though his estate is
of considerable value now. He has not
been engaged in active business for some
years.
Deceased was a member of California
Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M., Alameda Chap
ter No. 70 Royal Arch Masons, and Oak
land Commandery, Knights Templar. The
funeral will take place Wednesday at 2
p. m.
A visjt DR. JORDAN'S great i
OF ANATOISY*
\ %^^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the T
Ir?irr*ft diseane p«ml«l<»eiy*»»«a'bjr the oldest T
© /S»»JJI S>P=cJiii>tt-a the Cc*«. E>t 35 yrifs. *J
£ JiF» CB. JORDAM-PRIYATE DISEASES $
1 I &Zis&l Consultation free md strictly r-r-JT \
A I Jfl^sa!' n Tr» Kmeni personal y<r by lett r A A
\m nr Sift >^* tnt Citr»tn every ease uznlrrultsn. T
At l! II & ' v r:ef -r B fiHIII.O>OI'ni ci A
"" 1 1^ >4ilßl.l(iE, MAU.K& FitSS. (Af
1 n ft valuatx* book for Dm) »
7DK JOKDA> •£«'«>. IXI M-irtpr st ..s F 9
DIVORCE FOR MRS. MOTT.
Young Husband Allowed Judgment
to Be Taken by Default.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 20.— Mrs. Daisy
Mott. formerly an actress, secured a di
vorce from her husband, Steven Mott.
son of the pioneer capitalist, Thomas
Mott. this morning, at a secret session
of Judge York's court. The young hus
band did not appear to take part In the
case. Mrs. Mott was allowed to take her
divorce by default.
She was married about three years ago
and supplied a delicious morsel for gossip.
She had Just gone on the stage, having
Joined Mme. Modjeska's company. She
played about a week with the company
at the Los Angeles Theater, when this
city was electrified by her elopement with
young Mott. They ran away and were
married at Santa Ana.
French Villa Burned.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SONOMA, Jan. 23.— El Verano Villa,
a French summer resort of the Sonoma
Valley, was destroyed by fire about 2
o'clock this morning. The destroyed
property consisted of three frame houses.
The fire broke out near a chimney in the
center of one of the buildings and spread
so rapidly that the inmates barely es
caped with their lives. The resort wa3
the property of Mrs. Mary Nauvermont.
The loss Is S3OOO. The place had Just been
fitted up for the coming season.
Copper Mine Reopened.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOLINAS, Jan. 29.— What may prove to
be a highly sensational strike was made
a few days 'ago in an old copper mine
which is being operated near here by the
Golden Crown Milling and Mining Com
pany of San Francisco. The company
opened up an old shaft about a week since
and almost immediately a large force of
men was put to work and every evidence
is given of prosperity. ,
Spanish Steamship Wrecked.
PARIS, Jan. 29.— Heavy snowstorms
prevail throughout France, especially on
the north and we3t coasts, where num
bers of small wrecks have occurred. The
Spanish steamer Primero, from Bilbao,
for New York, has been wrecked off Point
SUCCESSOR CHOSEN
TO DR. SPALDING
Rev. Louis Sanford of Salinas
Considering a Call to
St. John's.
A successor to the Rev. Dr. Edward B.
Spalding of St. John's Episcopal Church,
on Fifteenth street, has been found in the
person of the Rev. Louis Childs Sanford
of Salinas, Monterey County.
As soon as it was ascertained by the
vestry of St. John's Church that Dr.
Spalding would probably never be in a
fit condition to resume his duties In the
parish, the vestry authorized a commit
tee, consisting of the principal lay olli
cers of the church — Judge F. \V. Van
Revm-gom, senior warden; F. H. Eich
baum; Junior warden; F. L. Southack.
treasurer, ¦ and Dr. George S. Baker, sec
retary — to look about for a successor.
Last week the presence of so many clergy
at the Episcopal convention gave the
committee a splendid opportunity to make
a selection. This it did by picking out
the Rev. Louis Childs Sanford of Salinas
as the man that would best suit the
church and congregation.
An offer was made him to take charge
of St. John's parish. He asked to be per
mitted to take the offer under considera
tion for one week, at the same time giv
ing the committee to understand that he
looked favorably upon the offer. His an
swer Is expected to arrive within a few
days, when the committee will submit its
report to the vestry and in turn ask for
the confirmation by that body on its
choice of a new rector.
The Rev. Louis C. Sanford Is now in his
thirty-first year. He was born In Bris
tol, R. 1., and graduated from Harvard,
after which he took a course in the Epis
copal Theological School at Cambridge.
He was ordained by Bishop Clark In 1593
and shortly afterward came to Califor
nia, where he labored in the missionary
field in Fresno County. From there he
went to Salinas two years ago, where he
labored faithfully in building up the
church. His call to St. John's Is looked
upon as being an elevation, as it Is a large
and growing parish, with an increasing
congregation. Dr. Sanford Is said to be
an orator of no mean ability.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cared by tbeee
Idttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Cyrpcpsb*
tndjgfstton and Too Hearty Eating, A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drovr si-
ness, Bad Taste la the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Rrgulate the Bowcla. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose*
SrraaH Price.
BOILERS EXPLODE
IN A STEEL MILL
One Man Killed and a
Dozen Injured.
PITTSBURG. Jan. 29.— The steel depart
ment of Phillips, Nlmlck & Co.'s mill on
West Carson street was completely
wrecked and a dozen men were injured
by the explosion of a battery of four large
boilers to-day. The shock of the bursting
boilers was heard throughout the lower
end of the city, and several thousand
persons were attracted to the scene of the
accident. The loss to the plant will be
enormous. Five of the Injured men were
mutilated almost beyond recognition and
one or two more deaths may result. A
rescuing party is searching the wreckage,
which, it Is supposed, contains other of
the workmen. The dead:
SIMON HOLLAND, fireman: died at
the Homeopathic Hospital.
The Injured: Daniel Noonan, badly cut
and scalded: Constantine Gallagher, badly
cut; Jeremiah Collins. W. T. Cook, Peter
Bynos.
The explosion was one of the most ter
rific that ever occurred in a Pittsburg
mill. The roof of the boiler-room was
completely lifted from the building and
the flying iron and steel fell In all direc
tions.
The men were crushed to the ground on
the spot where they were attending to
the rolls, and those beside the boilers were
scalded by the escaping steam.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1900.
j; Palace and :
I Grand Hotels ;
" For nearly a quarter cf a csotary tit* ?
" leading hotel* on th« P*ci3e Coast. ?
9 With added Imcrovezaents and coa- ?
+ vtnlences they contlnu* to b« ta« head- ?
t quarters for tourists and travelers tv- 4
I ltic* Ean Francisco. »
? JOHN C KIIIKPATRICTC. I
t Manager. •
COO. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-oids and up; purse, $330.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp»-ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE * 12 First Class Including Berth
rfinu $8 Second Class and MeaU.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 23; Feb. 7. 17. 27
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails. ...Feb. 2. 12. 23
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HBW TOHK, SOUTHAMPTON, L05D03. PABII
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 19 a. m.
St. Louis Jan. 31 ! St. Louis Feb. 21
St Paul Feb. 7 Friesland Feb. tS
New York Feb. 141 New York March 1
DCT\ CTfl 3 I IMF
r\£.U MM(\ LlnC
New York. ar)d Antwzrp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark Jan. 31|Noordland Feb. 21
Westernland ...Feb. 7 Friesland Feb. 2i
Kensington Feb. 14- Southwark March 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Mlcrjael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencif^s.
The drawing for the regular midweek
reserve stake for Union Park took place
at Pythian Castle last night. There were
forty-four entries. The draw is a3 fol
lows: '
"W. C. Glasson's Terrona vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rather Artful; N. J. O'Xell names Pat RHey
vs. J. Muller'a Marguerlta; M. B. Cavanagh's
Hard Lines vs. O. Casserly's Lady Blanche:
Bartels Bros.' Ball Room Belle vs. Pasha Ken
nels' May Hempstead; Curtis & Son's McKinley
vs. Jeft Martinett'a Bernal Boy; P. Doyle's
AY lid Monarch vs. J. N. Halton names Tic Tac;
Aeneid Kennels' Athena vs. J. Holden's Scot
tish Chief; J. M. Halten names Lavender vs.
II H. Gray's Rona; Curtis & Son's Commodore
vi J. F. Martlnetfs Bill Foster; Irwin &
Lyons' Silver Wings vs. J. Keenan's Black
Lark; Jeff Martinett's Bernal Chief vs. Land
& Herbert's Concord; J. Halloway names Brian
Boru vs. H. H. Gray's Terronette; P. Riley's
Expense vs. J. M. Letcher names Bryan; F.
Prig's Thunderbolt vs. Curtis & Son's Echo;
Aeneid Kennels' Van Knapp vs. P. Rlley s
Master Mao; P. W. Sawyer's Honest Abe vs.
Pasha Kennels' Round About: W. Barry names
Finn McCue vs. P. Doyle's White Fern; J.
Keenan's Royal Oak vs. Maher & Reid's Nell c
Bawn; P. Riley's Richmond Queen vs. Bartels
Bros.' Ben's Babe; R. E. de B. Lopei & Sons
Banner Bearer vs. J. R. Smith's Victor; Ma
her & Reid's Singleton vs. Bartels Bros. Bor
der's Best; J. R. Davlson names Bald Pasha
vs. A. Cohn's Dot.
The fourth round of the puppy stake
will be run on Wednesday and the entire
stake completed. The dogs will run tkU
way Rlenzl vs. Royal Union; Royal Anne
vs. Go On; Grafter vs. Betsy Borrow;
•The draw for ingleside Is as follows:
Midweek stake, forty-eight entries— Prizes:
FI"tJW second. $30. third 120, next three $13
each, next six »7 BO each, next twelve. $2 50
Ca T h "j Cronln'a Maid of Ball ye. G. Smart's
Sllkwood; T. Gaffney's Sir John Arnot vs. J.
Dean's Peggy: T. Steel's Dewey vs. R. Att
rldle's Malferpiece: H. G. Nichols' May Her
srhel vs Lowe & Thompson's Little Fullerton;
Dr. McLauKhlln's Philliplne vs G. Buehn's
Aloha- J Edmonds' Whiskey Hill vs. Al Aus
tin's Firm Foe; Sam Handy'a Lady Hugo vs.
P Heran's Martha Washington; Sam Handy's
Free and Easy vs. T. Foleys Alarm; Captain
Anderson's Defiance vs. J. Seggerson's Gold
Hill- E M. Kellogg's Lady Gtlmore vs. Sterl &.
Knowles" O'Hara; G. Buehn's Monogram vs.
Kelly & Hanley's Baby King; D. Byrne's
Molly Hogan vs. W. J. Browning's Mountain
Belle; A. Haggerman's Lily H vs. F. C. Mack's
Black Pattl: Connell Bros.' Happy Thought vs.
can, Handy' s Twin City Girl; P. M. Clarkson's
Black Hawk vs. J. H. Perlgo's Lady Daven
port • Johnson's Bald Eagle vs. T. J. Mc-
Hugh's Moss Rose; F. Moran's False Flatterer
vs Mlchallki's Old Glory: J. Edmonds' Morning
Glory vs. A. Merrill's Mystery: S. Mahoney's
Chief of the Hill vs. W. C. Glasson's Terrona:
W Perry's Campania vs. Conneil Bros.' Master
Morse; Connell Bros.' Kill Kelly vs. R. E. de
B Lopez's McGregor: Connell Bros." Dunmora
vs J Dean's Mlalma: Connell Bros." Log Boy
vs* F. C. Mack's Delia M; D. Toland's Twi
light jr. vs. T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee.
Sixth race— Five and a half furlongs; maiden
three-year-olds and unward: selling.
678 Bagdad 91 473 Bloom'g Chanee.lOl
... Regelong 106 683 rted Cherry 83
671 J. V. Hays 94 678 Naples 101
. Washoe Ban 94 69S Isaline 89
678 Matt Hogan 91 671 Beautiful 8i11... 94
653 Cymona 101 604 Miss Soak 105
Although the Nelll-O'Brien flght is a
long way off. It is believed by followers
of the fistic game that the contest will
not take place. They base this belief on
the fact that Neill is suffering from the
effects of a punch he is alleged to have
received below the belt in his last battle
with the PhlladelphJan. Neill is now un
der a physician's care, and as his in-
Jury may give him trouble when he under
takes hard training for the next bout, it
is thought he will refuse to go on with
O'Brien at the date named. He has al
ready asked for a postponement, and it
Is more than probable that he will ask for
another.
Should Neill decline to keep his en
gagement It is understood that "Paddy"
Purtell will take his place. Purtell Is un
der the management of "Bat" Masterson
who telegraphed to George Green, the lo
cal fighter, to match his man with the
winner of the Neill-O'Brien battle, or to
secure an engagement here with any good
man. Green ha 3 telegraphed to Purtell
to come out and he is expected to arrive
shortly.
Jack O'Brien is quietly preparing him
self for his next engagement. Each day he
goes to the gymnasium and punches the
bag for an hour at a time. He is grad
ually developing his hitting powers by
means of a bag built along the lines of
the one used by '"Kid" McCoy. His hands
are recovering from their soreness and
when he steps into the roped arena he
will be ready to put up a stiff argu
ment.
On the evening of the 7th of February
Jack McDonald and Phil ("Soldier")
Greene will box twenty rounds before the
Columbia Athletic Club. The men will
fight at 154 pounds for a purse and a side
bet of $250. McDonald won the middle
weight amateur championship of the
coast and the Oelrichs belt In the tourna
ment held at the Olympic Club some
months ago. He Is employed at the Union
Iron Works, and the men working at the
big shipyards will back him to win Mc-
Donald is fitting himself for the contest
at Blanken's Six-Mile House, and "Sol
dier" Greene is preparing for the fray
at Croll's Gardens, Alameda. Reports
from the training quarters of both men
are that they are rounding into superb
condition.
Joe Bell and '"Kid" Johnson will fight
the same evening before the same club
at 130 pounds, as will also Charles Thurs
ton and William Springfield at 145 pounds
The latter bouts, will be ten rounds in du
ration.
For more Sports see Page Eleven.
Artificial Sight.
A Russian Inventor has perfected an electrical
appliance, which he claims will enable the
blind to see. This will bring much happiness
to those who have defective eyesight. Another
»reat discovery which will bring much happl.
ness to those whose stomachs have become de
ranged. Is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It has
made a world-wide reputation for Itself as a
certain cure for such ailments a£ Indigestion,
dyspepsia, constipation, biliousness and mi
larla. fever and ague,
9
•LONGSHOT" CONLEY'S HIT.
MIDWEEK COURSING.
111 1
440
.-.33
M
BS
Ml
4V»
C^
C 7
<>¦:.
set
ex.
If.,
)
i
)
) i
[
8
I
3 •
:^_Horse. Are.
Dolore. 6.....
Schiller, a....
Correct, 4
Clprlano, 5...
Cr^ker. 4
Hylvan Lass,
Ifc»belle, a...,
Iwlecta. 4
Pan August in
leidor, 4..
Clarando. 4...
4"
n< *.
\%>lght.|St. •
.1&4 6
......106 9
104 7
107 1
104 3
vn 1
......101|10
...... SSI 4
, 4. ..1031 «
10O,U
SS 8 .
2 2
II
1 2
6 H
4 ht
6 h
9 15
7 2 -
10
Fell
Hm.
2 4
3 3
8 «4
1 1
7 X
5 'i
4 4
6 h
9 15
10
3 h
in.
6 3
1 1
c 2
7 10
4t>
8 h
9 15
10
8(1.
1 w
2 2
4 2
3 h
5 1
7 2
6 H
8 3
9 15
10
Fin.
1 2
2 5
3 n
4 2
5 3
6 h
7 1
« 3
' 9 15
10 •
_i Jockeya. ]
Jenkins
Bullman
Vittltoe
E. Jones
MorKan
Romero
Hf-nry
L^igue
I. Powell
T. Walsh
W. Hennessy.
I Betting.
IQp. Cl.
4 6-2
5 S
4 6
15 8
4 7
60 20
15 20
60 «M
20 12
12 20
5 6
idex.
Horse.
Weight. [St.
Km.
Hm^
*4in.
Str.
Fin. | Jockeyg.
|Op.
Cl.
6Si
6 : <.
,676)
}
}
I
I
c
Hf
Ha
H!
Nr
00
Al
edwald ....
arry Thatct
an^pra .....
lpponax ...
ance O'Nel
orolla
Imrndral ..
108 6
her 105 1
103 S
10» 3
11. 105 4
.........103 3
105 7
:::
4 1
2h
• 3 h
. 6 h
63
4 1
5J 4
11
hi
6 3
1 IVi Spencer ..
2 2 K. Jones..
3 4 T. Walsh.
4 4 Henry
6\i Bullman .
6 2 Ranch
7 J. Martin..
1
6
8
S
3
8
<
7-10
12
10
15
5
80
8
;,.Vt
;.r,n
EC?
sn
*73
'X.
I
r
i
i
t
:. Horgc. Age. \V
"May wTiT .~T7~ T7
Imp. OlonsMa, 6
Monrovia, a
February. 6
Sitter Alice. 6...
Glen Anne, 5
Yule. S..
height. |St.
7.... 1071 2
6... .107 1
107. 4
197 6
107 3
107 7
107 S
Vim.
__Hm._
12
2 m
3 1
C n
4 1
7
12
: i
s l
6 n
4 2
« 2
Str.
1 1
2 2
Z 2
4 H
6 2
5 3
7
Fin.
1 2
2 4
3 4
4 3
6 1
63
7
_) Jockeys. |Op.
Jenkins V
Bullman 8-5
T. Walsh 30
Vittltoe 10
C. Wilson 15
Henry % 100
Morgan 100
Cl.
3-5
. 2
CO
12
25
200
200
eii~
C*
V.-2
esi)
j?s
679
en
654
*. 1:
' To
It*
Irr.
Ccx
<Jn
Im
r>i:
)rlbio,~sr.
»d Pirate. 4...
ir*>rious, 5
•1 I'aso 11, a.
¦da, a
rand Sachem,
verary 11. £..
Ixleg Land, a.
\V*i
' 5."
...107* 2
...104 7
...10* 5
...110 3
...100 8
...107 4
...105 1
...105 6
2 h
!' h
41
T 1
c i
1 1
8
Hm,
1 h
6 4
i H
4 M
1 10
6 2
2 1
8
54m.
1 2
6 2
2 n
3 1
7 40
6 4
4 h
8
Str. Fin. 1
12 11!
2 h 2 14
fi 2 3 1
32 4 2
S3 6 5
4M 6 1
7 7
Pulled up
J__Jockeyg. |Qp.
.Jrnkins g~
Vlttitoe 6 i
E. Jones 8
Spencer g-5
Henry 20
Morgan 15
Bullman 20
E. Roog uo
Cl.
4
m
7-5
50
40
40
200
nUex. Horse Age. W
CSS Colonel Soot, f.
668 M '-.'!'":¦ '» lark, a..
€77 Owyhee, 4
673 Ixjst Girl, 6
668 Homany. 4
\:~, Skirmish, 6
252 Manzanllla, 6..
800 ¦ Roadrunner, a..
Ml Dallßta, 4
Velght.jSt.
>...r.Toi~6
105 1
107 &
107 4
104 7
105 3
101 2 .
113 8'
108 Left
"4 J
3 h
6 2
12
7 H
$ 1
2 I
8
%m.
»J4
4 1
63
1 h
7 2
5 1
2 1
8
?4m.
1 a
4 H
64
t 1
. 7 6
6 h
3 1
8
Etr.
1 2
4 H
3 h
22
7 5
6 3
6 2
8
Fin.
1 1
2 h
3 b
4 5
52
6 h
7 6
8
I- Jockey g. \Qy.
jConley
E. Ross 7
Jenkins 8
E. Jones 8-k
Vittltoe 5
Morgan 20
Henry ........ is
Macklin ...... . 7
Blair 7
_Cl.
30
8
9-6
2
7
i:
20
20
ndex. Hor»<». w eight. |St.
<6SO) F. W. Brode 1151 3
(€*s) Anjou 1151 4
C 67 Bathos 103 1
CS7 My Gypsy 85. 2
CSS Norford 8515
631 Doyu» Bill 95| <
'.4 m.
2 2
S h
1 h
4 h
C I
<
him.
if
3 ' i
1 2
s y,
2 4
6 4
4 1
6
Str.
1 3
! 4
8 4
4 2
6 5
s__
Fin.
1 3
2 2
3 h
4 H
5 16
8
| Jockey. |Qd. q\.
Bullman 4-6~7-lo
Spencer 11.5 5 . 2
Morgan g 1.
Ranch ....;... 10 23
nUex. Horse Age. W
CSS Colonel Soot, f.
668 M '-.'!'":¦ '» lark, a..
€77 Owyhee, 4
673 Ixjst Girl, 6
668 Homany. 4
\:~, Skirmish, 6
252 Manzanllla, 6..
800 ¦ Roadrunner, a..
Ml Dallßta, 4
Velght.jSt.
>...r.Toi~6
105 1
107 &
107 4
104 7
105 3
101 2 .
113 8'
108 Left
"4 J
3 h
6 2
12
7 H
$ 1
2 I
8
%m.
»J4
4 1
63
1 h
7 2
5 1
2 1
8
?4m.
1 a
4 H
64
t 1
. 7 6
6 h
3 1
8
Etr.
1 2
4 H
3 h
22
7 5
6 3
6 2
8
Fin.
1 1
2 h
3 b
4 5
52
6 h
7 6
8
I- Jockey g. \Qy.
jConley
E. Ross 7
Jenkins 8
E. Jones 8-k
Vittltoe 5
Morgan 20
Henry ........ is
Macklin ...... . 7
Blair 7
_Cl.
30
8
9-6
2
7
i:
20
20
eii~
C*
V.-2
esi)
j?s
679
en
654
*. 1:
' To
It*
Irr.
Ccx
<Jn
Im
r>i:
)rlbio,~sr.
»d Pirate. 4...
ir*>rious, 5
•1 I'aso 11, a.
¦da, a
rand Sachem,
verary 11. £..
Ixleg Land, a.
\V*i
' 5."
...107* 2
...104 7
...10* 5
...110 3
...100 8
...107 4
...105 1
...105 6
2 h
!' h
41
T 1
c i
1 1
8
Hm,
1 h
6 4
i H
4 M
1 10
6 2
2 1
8
54m.
1 2
6 2
2 n
3 1
7 40
6 4
4 h
8
Str. Fin. 1
12 11!
2 h 2 14
fi 2 3 1
32 4 2
S3 6 5
4M 6 1
7 7
Pulled up
J__Jockeyg. |Qp.
.Jrnkins g~
Vlttitoe 6 i
E. Jones 8
Spencer g-5
Henry 20
Morgan 15
Bullman 20
E. Roog uo
Cl.
4
m
7-5
50
40
40
200
;,.Vt
;.r,n
EC?
sn
*73
'X.
I
r
i
i
t
:. Horgc. Age. \V
"May wTiT .~T7~ T7
Imp. OlonsMa, 6
Monrovia, a
February. 6
Sitter Alice. 6...
Glen Anne, 5
Yule. S..
height. |St.
7.... 1071 2
6... .107 1
107. 4
197 6
107 3
107 7
107 S
Vim.
__Hm._
12
2 m
3 1
C n
4 1
7
12
: i
s l
6 n
4 2
« 2
Str.
1 1
2 2
Z 2
4 H
6 2
5 3
7
Fin.
1 2
2 4
3 4
4 3
6 1
63
7
_) Jockeys. |Op.
Jenkins V
Bullman 8-5
T. Walsh 30
Vittltoe 10
C. Wilson 15
Henry % 100
Morgan 100
Cl.
3-5
. 2
CO
12
25
200
200
idex.
Horse.
Weight. [St.
Km.
Hm^
*4in.
Str.
Fin. | Jockeyg.
|Op.
Cl.
6Si
6 : <.
,676)
}
}
I
I
c
Hf
Ha
H!
Nr
00
Al
edwald ....
arry Thatct
an^pra .....
lpponax ...
ance O'Nel
orolla
Imrndral ..
108 6
her 105 1
103 S
10» 3
11. 105 4
.........103 3
105 7
:::
4 1
2h
• 3 h
. 6 h
63
4 1
5J 4
11
hi
6 3
1 IVi Spencer ..
2 2 K. Jones..
3 4 T. Walsh.
4 4 Henry
6\i Bullman .
6 2 Ranch
7 J. Martin..
1
6
8
S
3
8
<
7-10
12
10
15
5
80
8
111 1
440
.-.33
M
BS
Ml
4V»
C^
C 7
<>¦:.
set
ex.
If.,
)
i
)
) i
[
8
I
3 •
:^_Horse. Are.
Dolore. 6.....
Schiller, a....
Correct, 4
Clprlano, 5...
Cr^ker. 4
Hylvan Lass,
Ifc»belle, a...,
Iwlecta. 4
Pan August in
leidor, 4..
Clarando. 4...
4"
n< *.
\%>lght.|St. •
.1&4 6
......106 9
104 7
107 1
104 3
vn 1
......101|10
...... SSI 4
, 4. ..1031 «
10O,U
SS 8 .
2 2
II
1 2
6 H
4 ht
6 h
9 15
7 2 -
10
Fell
Hm.
2 4
3 3
8 «4
1 1
7 X
5 'i
4 4
6 h
9 15
10
3 h
in.
6 3
1 1
c 2
7 10
4t>
8 h
9 15
10
8(1.
1 w
2 2
4 2
3 h
5 1
7 2
6 H
8 3
9 15
10
Fin.
1 2
2 5
3 n
4 2
5 3
6 h
7 1
« 3
' 9 15
10 •
_i Jockeya. ]
Jenkins
Bullman
Vittltoe
E. Jones
MorKan
Romero
Hf-nry
L^igue
I. Powell
T. Walsh
W. Hennessy.
I Betting.
IQp. Cl.
4 6-2
5 S
4 6
15 8
4 7
60 20
15 20
60 «M
20 12
12 20
5 6
ndex. Hor»<». w eight. |St.
<6SO) F. W. Brode 1151 3
(€*s) Anjou 1151 4
C 67 Bathos 103 1
CS7 My Gypsy 85. 2
CSS Norford 8515
631 Doyu» Bill 95| <
'.4 m.
2 2
S h
1 h
4 h
C I
<
him.
if
3 ' i
1 2
s y,
2 4
6 4
4 1
6
Str.
1 3
! 4
8 4
4 2
6 5
s__
Fin.
1 3
2 2
3 h
4 H
5 16
8
| Jockey. |Qd. q\.
Bullman 4-6~7-lo
Spencer 11.5 5 . 2
Morgan g 1.
Ranch ....;... 10 23MONEY TO _O._T.
AVOID delay; try all other-, then see me; S3*
to $100,000; < per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages.estates In probate.undlvlded Interests la
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advlc*
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Markt.
ANY amount at « per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d inert.
gages undivided Interest, real estate la pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay get my terms before doing business els*>*
where. R. McCOLGAN. *4 Montgomery, r. 3L
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84C Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition any amount; I per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, lesscles. life Insurance; chattel
mcrtgsees: confidential; advice fre«. Q. __
OLSEN.. roo— 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond.*,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 12S Kearny. rm. 9, respectable prlvats plac«
to borrow on watches diamond*; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service: money direct: lowest interest Rooms
CS ar.d 63. Donoho« building. 1170 Market st.
ON KEAL estate, Ist cr 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. IS Montgomery at.
AT IV4 per c;nt rer month, on furniture. 1503
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
MONEY to loan: sums to suit. GEORGE W.
CHAPIN. 11 Montgomery st.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 rar-
' rott buildlns.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
ln«3orser. MORRELL. «09 Examiner bulldinr.
TO salaried men; without collateral or tndorser
8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building. "
$50 TO $uO.C0O; lowent rates: Ist and 2d mortn'
any proposition. DR7DEM. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal' n»
commission; private. LICK. ll« McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you nee*
more money see H. MURPHY. 130 _Urket _w
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A— COMPETENT mother and daughter desire
situation?; understand all kinds of work; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter st
A— FIRST-CLASS German cook. 3V4 years last
place, desire? situation; Jewish family pre-
ferred. MI.SS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— LADIES desiring flrst-class help of all na-
tionalities can secure same by calling on or
addressing MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter St.,
phone Grant 120.
A— FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation: board-
ing-house, hotel or restaurant; country; good
ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion, best city references: a thoroughly com-
petent cook and housework girl desires a sit-
uation, best city references; also a flrst-claas
Swedifh laundress wants a position, best ref-
erences, city or country-. MISS 11. CULLI-
NAN, 223 Sutter Et ; phone Main 651.
AMERICAN cook, superior in all kinds of
cooking, best of references; also first-class
German cook; wish situations. See J. F.
CTIOSETT & CO.. 316 Sutler st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes work by
the day or take work home. 6 Belmont place,
off Seventh Bt, near Bryant.
GOOD dressmaker would like engagements by
the day at 50c and car fare. Address box
110S, Call.
GERMAN lady wnnts to no out by the day to
do housework. Apply 116 F<rry st
GOOD steady woman wants. to do housework;
is good cook and laundress; understands all
kinds of housework. Please call 79 Jessie st.
NEAT young girl wishes situation; general
housework; small family; plain cooking; ref-
erences. Please call 873 Bryant st.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wants a place In a
small family; cannot speak very much Eng-
lish, but is a good worker; $15. Please write
to 1025 De Haro st. cltj\
A GERMAN girl would like a place to assist
with light housework or take care of a child.
Apply after 1 o'clock, 446^4 Natoma st.
A WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
ing or house-cleaning. Call at 308 Fulton st.
STRONG and competent woman wishes to work
by the day. Apply 60 Third *t. .-...
MOTHER and daughter would. like places to-
gether as cook and waitress or cook and
chambermaid: city or country. Call or ad-
dress MISS L. POWERS. ISO Second st
A YOUNG lady wishes work by the day or to
take care of the sick. Address 957 Mission st
YOUNG woman wishes to do Hsht housework;
sleep home. Address HVi Hay ward at
" IiELP WANTED — 31 ALE.
A MAN and wife; ranch work: must under-
stand dairy: $50; country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
..WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Miller, country flour mill.. $00 and found
Blacksmith and wheelwright $J5 and found
Boilermaker, count*- $3 75 day
Stableman, Alameda Ccunty $23 and found
Buttermnker and milker shop butcher
Milker, Sikiyou Co., fare paid; chore boy: 5
peach tree pruners, Stanislaus Co., $26 and
found; experienced orchard hand, $26 to $33
and found: farm hands, pruners. milkers.
WOODCHOPPERS ..TIE MAKERS.
150 men to cut 4-foot and stove wood in all
parts of California, from $1 to $3 per cord,
tools and provisions advanced on many
places: also 95 redwood tie makers, 9c to lie
each.
FOR HOTELS. ETC
Waiter, flrst-class hotel. South. $25; 5 waiters,
different country hotels. $25; pot washer, $20;
cooks, city and country, $35 and $40; 2 wait-
ers, city. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
E. DORN,' engineer, please report early.' MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-fi3R Clay st.
WANTED— First-claßs marker and distributor
at the Oakland Laundry Co., 690 Twenty-ninth
st. Oakland. - -
WANTED— Eacperiencerd solicitor for fancy
grocery store; references. Apply. R. P. 8.,
Call office.
DRIVER wanted: understanding grocery busl-
, ness. SBARBORO & C 0. ,. 621 Montgomery
st., near Washington.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines: experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
• Factory. 36% Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1308 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH efflce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open until 3 p. ra.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open until 9 p. m.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Meet Famous Medium
1 and Clairvoyant
Has removed her offices to her residence. 10S1
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
1 ~— — — '
, Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
I Medicines," reg!n«red and copyrighted, cure
I ell diB*-a^es on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
liervous affections. The wonderful cures which
rhe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
I M you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
I sards hni"e been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to se«» this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail Is
always most successful ar.d satisfactory, and
all correspondence is kept sacredly confiden-
tial.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee Jl and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
TC. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, 1061
Bcventii avenue. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station, the second station from
Broadway.
SI ROOMS; SUNNY CORNER.
NEW MODERN BUILDING.
ELECTRIC ELEVATOR-
STEAM HEATERS IN EVERY ROOM.
Oak Furniture; Hair- Top Mattresses.
Brussels Carpets. Everything Up-to-data,
IS BATHROOM SUITES.
65-cent Gas and Electric Light.
ROOMS ALL RENTED: CLEARS $300.
Has Never Changed Hands.
Cost $12,000: Trice reduced to $5500.
Easy payments at 8 per cent per annum.
Owner very sick and compelled to sell.
For sale by DECKER. 1020 Market st
10 ROOMS; on O'Farrell st $325
10 rooms: on Taylor st. ; worth $300 $450
32 rooms- corner; clears $150 $16W
10-room flat: clears $150 $500
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms.. s4SOo
Near Call office; worth $2000; 29 rooms — SI2CO
Mod. house: elev.; clears $500: 84 r00m5... 56500
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS,
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 81.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
jjoo 21 ROOMS; good location; all rented.
$423—22 rooms; all rented: rent $25 a
$850—28 rooms; north of Market st; low rent.
}95O — 40 rooms; all rented; rent 's7s a month.
$1200— £5 rooms; rent $100. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
R. 11. WINSTON A CO.. 1026 Market st.
22 rooms; rent $75; clears $75; only $350
32 rooms, offices; cheaD rent 1000
68 rooms; fine corner; offices; part cash 3500
40 rooms; rent $120: good location 2000
Money to loan at 2 per cent on furniture.
13 ROOMS— Fine location; cheap $425
15 rooms— Clean and neat $900
30 rooms — Clears $150 monthly $1800
12 roome— Fine transient $500
Pacific States Realty Co.. -W Parrott bldg.
24 ROOMS: new furniture; cost $3600; $1800; H
cash: big bargain. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
10 ROOMS: got to sell; mortgaged $250; cheap
at $500. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
30 ROOMS: good oak furniture: nice location:
$1000. C. P. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
60 ROOMS; first floor offices; clears $300 a
month. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
LODGING house— s33 Broadway; 20 sunny
rooms: must sell on account of sickness.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BAY-WINDOW house of 7 rooms and bath in
warm belt of Mission: rent $20; 2021 Howard
st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont' sy.
A. M. SPECK A CO. 667 MARKET ST.
2SJS California: 6 r.514'1541 Eddy; 6 r $23
1705 Mason: 4 r $1011345 Howard: B r'.'...1\3
207 Ellis: 10 r...517 50|llO Natoma; S r $1«
BROADWAY. 1935. between Laguna and Bu- I
chanan sts.— Elegant house of 12 rooms; bath,
servants' room. etc. ; newly renovated. For I
further particulars apply to G. 11. UMBSEN
A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
TO let— Furnished or unfurnished: modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable In rear; «17
Union st Inquire A. DECOURTEUX, J23
Merchant st.
NEATLY, furnished house: 7 rooms and bath:
sunny side of street; nice n*!ghborhood: $50.
1614 Golden Gate aye., bet Scott and Devlsa-
dero sts.
PACIFIC aye. residence, near Gough— B rooms
and bath: first-class condition; marine view;
rent lowest In city. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. 626 Market st.
FAIR OAKS, 38— Sunny house; 8 rooms and
bath: water free; nice yard; rent $20.
HOUSE of 7 rooms, yard and bath.. IC2I
LOMBARD at.
MASON, 2319— Sunny 6 rooms, bath, stationary
tubs; large lower part with four stalls; rent
$25 or will sell cheap.
REED. 14— House of 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment; $18. Apply 1325 Washington st.
TO LET— A fine 2-story house. 7 rooms; sunny
side. 1088 Union st. near Learenworth.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of » rooms and batb;
k water free; large yard; rent $37 SO. |
CHILD'S nurse and seamstress; wages $20.
MRS. CATTELL, 525 Eighth St.. Oakland.
WANTED— A flrst-class coat finisher at H,
PLANZ & SON'S. 565 Geary st.
RESPECTABLE young girl for chamberwork
and waiting at table. Please call 151J Baker.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice girls on
custom coats; paid while learning. 126 Russ.
WANTED— A good finisher on readymade coats
at .122 Pacific St.; steady work.
YOUNG lady with means to be developed as
medium to go on road with professional man.
Apply 39 Turk st. room 26.
MISCKLLAN— OtS— -FOR SALB.
BOILERS, engine*. 2-hand machinery. M>
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, s— owcasvs. coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-U2l-1™ MUsioa
st. above fiixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sola an- exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A POWERFUL day and night field glass for $S;
regular price $13. UNCLE HARRIS, _ Grant
aye.
A NEW sen-lng machine for sale. Address SS3
McAllister st.
FOX-TEHniER pups, thoroughbred, nicely
marked, for sale: reasonable. 2721 Sutter st.
ANTONIO STRADIVARIUS violin at a bar^
grain. Plaza Loan Oftice, 702 Kearny st.
TWO Spitz pups for sale, reasonable; also 13
laying hens. 307 Third »t.
STEINWAY piano and household furniture;
private sale. Box 7S. Call office. Oakland.
SUPREME COURT questions of Cal. bound:
send for circular. REUBEN'S. 420 Montgomry.
4 TWO months old Eskimo pups at 423 Xo»
st; reasonable.
FOR sale — Second-hand 2 horsepower gaaellna
engine, nearly new. 520 Lake st
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug,
gists, or Dos; Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
A— BUYS, sells or renta gear macnlnery. en-
gines, toilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleya.
«tc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st guu ~»»
SAFES— N«w and second for banks merchants,
steamers, residences: portable- safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults etc. Th«
Walts Safe Co.. 1»-U1 Market st. *S. T.. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $3 80. BACIGALUPL
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
ONE 4-slded sticker: I planer and matcher; I
air compressor; 6 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
A— s3 M DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 TS. Pon-
ular Prtc* Hatters. 330 Kearny st. nr. PlnS.
DRESS Dants. $2 75; fln« suit $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers.Uthea.
Iron A wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Bealew
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. K32 Market st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: 5 drawers;
oak; complete: cheap. 1913 Mi— lon, nr. loth.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4JI Sacramento »t.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. 30 Geary St., established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st.. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUJI Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414 U. O'Farrell st: tel. East 42«.
CAHIUAGBS AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery or laundry wagon, 3-can milk
wagon. 2-peated spring wagon, 2 grocery or
delivery waeons. 22 Cortland aye.
FOR sale — Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. Inst»ect 1011 Sutter st
NEW and 2d-hand wagons, buggles.carts and har-
ness, wk. A driving horses. 13th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies. Burr»ys and horses. 1140 Folsom st
CARPI2T BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Bt. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
! J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 llth
St.: cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
jTmcQUEEN" jfcaMfornia Carpet Cleaning Co..
I 4r,3 Stevenson st ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatlr.c: works. 333 Golden
i -Gate aye.: telephone F.ast 12«.
AYRE&' Business College. 723 Market st ; life
scholarship. $10; send for catalogue.
LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way Oakland: day and night; correspondence. 1
CLASSES in German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally' and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. SO2 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hnllett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 306 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
A FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted: also an
apprentice; paid while learning. COS-
GROVE'S 1416 Polk st.
WANTED— 2 Intelligent ladies as agents for th«
city selling eye tonic. Address box V.. Call.
WANTED— Young .woman to assist in light
housework; sleep home. 21S Nm st
GIRL for Vallejo; general housework and
cooking: small family; $15 to $20. Apply 1830
O'Farrell et. • __,
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
GIRL wanted for housework at 117 Bartlett st
WANTED— GirI for general housework in fam-
ily of 2; no washing: wages $15. Apply from
lv till 2. 2215 California Bt.
A BRANCH otflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109 C Va-
lencia st.
JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong voices from the smallest and
faultiest in short time. 1236 Market st, r. 121.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor mo.ney
wasted: mest thorough course on earth: rapid
calculations. Tarr. exp. account.. Flood bldg..
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1231! Market st
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mccli.. survey, assay, archi. ; day and even.;
est. IS6>. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
A— SINGING, piano, Krench. Spanish: Parisian
graduate: $2 mo. S3O G. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-S.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl, success-
ful teacher, 1006 illsslon; best methods, results.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof.De Flllppe's Acad-
emyof languages. 320 Post ;est. 1871; ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has b«tn opened
at 12?3 Polk st. , open till 9p. m.
GIRL from 12 to 15 to assist in light housekeep-
ing; good home; small wages. 2843 Pine st.
WANTED — A girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st. '
A NEAT Kirl for plain cooking and housework
at 1538 Fulton St., corner Lyon.
GIRL for light housework and cooking; refer-
ences. 1115 Van Ness aye.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks:
day and evening class; special Inducement
this season: handsome Illustrated catalogus
and souvenir free; only Institution in th«
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633
Clay st Branches— San Francisco, New Ycrk.
St Louis. Chi .ago. Minneapolis.
EOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission »t. between Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters for
ships at HERMAN'S 26 Steuart st
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 117 Third st; 150 larg«
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— ICO men to try our 15c breakfast.
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Marttft.
ico SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 250
per night. Llndell. «th and Howard; read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
S. P. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: fre«
"bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established st the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. ra.
.MINING AND ASSAYING
FOURTH Interest In rich claim at No_« for
6ale; can prospect before buying. Box 1107,
Call offlce.
ADVICE free; divorce law a sjwis.lty; private;
nc fee without IUO1MI! collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. KT.O Market, cc>r. Ftocktn.
Al'VirE free- no clmrre unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. £27 Market et.. o^P- Mason.
F. H. MKKZHACH. attorney at law. has re-
Fume<i practice at 5C3 Cal. st.. Cluni» bid*.
L. S CLARK. Eirnrm PprecUels bldK.. 327 Mar-
ket ft.: conyjlt«ti'-.n free: no fees In advance.
UOAEtD AM) ROOMS.
H?)T^l""'fa7rMOUNT. 1714 Market- Elegant
new furniture: first-class in every reepect:
table unsurpassed ; hot and cold water: ele-
vator; euitrs. with board for 2. J5O month up.
NEW family hotel: flrst-cla»s in all appoint-
ments; excellent tsble; special Inducements to
6<»iect people. S<T7 California et, occupying
corner opposite Grac* Church.
VAN NESS avc. 1734— Select private boarding-
house can accommodate a few more guests;
everything first class end fcomeMke; fashion-
aliie location; references.
•'ISELGUAVTA HOTEL." Polk and Ciay— Sun-
ny puiies: bet board: 2. $00 up: single, $22 50.
HYDE. EM 'The Salisbury >— ;La"e Rwwy items
with board: en FUite or sir.cle; reasonable.
HAIGHT. 2~— Sunny rooms with board; terms
r> aj"jr.£.ble.
LAS PALMAS. IE2O Market Ft.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath: Fin. rms.: board optional.
O'KARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
«mM home conking: srwial rates to ger.tF.
liOAUDIM. FOH CHILDREN.
GOOD home for 2 children over J years old.
:i7B Perry St.
TO board— An in'ant or rroall child; $10 per
month HO Lexington nve. ¦
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and fxchanped.
Holnvs Kook Co.. 704 Mission ft. near Third.
MOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
CL^ARATcCE^SAirE^-GREAT REIDtCTIONs!
Mer.'i regular $1 iv shoes $115
Children's regular $1 «i fhoen 65 cts
P«-or>le's £hoe Store, 13C2 Stockton, nr. Br'dw'y.
ULSI.NtZhS CHANCES.
A— iUoo; COKXEK grocery In very best part
of the Mission; large stock, 1 horse, wagon,
cart; 75 order cufciomers; place established
years ar.d flrst-claas paying. Call It. G.
WILKE. !*;C Market gt.
A — CIGAR Ftore, connected with candy and Ice
cream narlor*. on transfer point, close to
Powell ana Post Ft*. ; rent S2O; first-class pay-
lrtg; larße stock; fine fixtures. K. G. WILKE.
SO6 Market St.
A— J3-V'; I>AIRY produce and delicacy store,
with 3 Jiving rwms; rent $12: a good-paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A— s3s<); PARTNER wanted In chop and coffee
house: lively country town: place clearing $63
for each uartner. Call 11. G. WILKE. SO6
Market et.
A—tZS: BAKERY iH-ar McAllister St.; estab-
lished years; all Ftore trade; large stock;
rent $25; 4 years' lease; l'^ l>srrels per day.
Call It G. WILICE. 9CC Market st.
SISOJ— CORNER rrone-rj- and bar: established
many years end doing a splendid business;
choicest location few bltvks north of Market;
rent $45. Call R- G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
$2:00 — ELEGANT corner store and modern s-
room coltaire; rents $30; cost $3500; $1000 will
take It KREDO & CO.. 22H Gecry et
JOT-PAKTNER; tranpfcr ar.d storage; $100 a
tnontb; rare chance. Kredo A Co.. 22Vi Geary.
$IMio— l/RAYING express: or.iy one in town of
400fl population*. $HV*O yearly. KREDO & CO.
Tir.O SALOON; fine comer; _so $100 salccn: also
;¦••'• saloon ar.d lunch; also $450 roa£house;
$2200 resort. $100 a day; account of death.
XRCr-O & CO.. tVj Geary st
A— J2oo— PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business: must deliver with wagon: wUI clear
J-Ki per mor.th to each. I'nciSc Exchange. JCI6
Market et
A— tiOQ— OORNEH ealocn; private entrance
rooms; receipts $10 to K0 per day; everything
complete. I'aclSc Exchange. 1016 Market st.
A PARTNER wanted in saloon; guaranteed $7t
per month; :nt:Ft be steady and not afr—ld of-
work: i>rk-e ?2r/<; a.l caeh not necessary. Pa-
cific Bu*fn<-Fs Eschanre, ICI6 Market ft.
STENBEIIO & CO.
Have Removed to
SCr. MarkM Street,
Over Hale Bros.'
A— sioo— COßXra grocery ar.d bar; b»st loca-
tion in the Mission: well established : doing
Coed business; nire clean stock; good value
lor tfce money. Stcni.crg Co.. 935 Market st
ATTENTION. SELLSIYs:
L ! .*t whatever you have for saUs
with me. I «-an sell for cash.\
I trill advertiw? it free *.->r you.
I v.ar.t no <-xc!u*lve contract.
Have buyer waitir.g with cash.
I veil oily and ccuniry r«W es-
tat" and business pieces.
If. C DECKER i:r."J Market et.. opp. Fifth.
FO:l rent in I'etaluma. a fine new store with
?>!ste-6iass front; suitable for d^-y goods, mil-
ilnery cr c=r.Jy; firt-t-clafs business opportu-
nity; l>est loi^atlon in town. See owner at
T. r -S7 Folsom ft.. San Francisco.
t«3— OOaXER saloon; bargain this day. JJc^
I.AUGHLIN & CO.. 777V4 Market St.
FINE *a!oon n»or Market doing large busi-
ness. w!'.i be fold cheap; investigation sollclt-
r-d Pacific Fta'.es Realty Co.. SC Parxott bldg.
FOR rent— Lcrs-e basement saloon: fine locution
downtown; newly fitted up; electric lights;
lo\y rrr.t: tumlture. fixtures and flock for $ICO.
WM ; IIENDniCKSON 1 A CO.. 614 Call bldg.
~AXT?~D— Party with $SM ca.eji. to purchase a
tV.ird Interest in m^iiclne company now on
r<>ad- obj<;c\. need r<-iiable roan In office. Box
206. Caii efflce. Oakland.
DAKOAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fclr treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. K9»fc California St.. room 1.
$ISO— SALOON: r.lcely fitted up; good business;
rer.t $l' 0; leaving city. Apply » Howard et.;
t_i j_(i sec xbc arternoorj.
CARTERS Gold Mino shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers: quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; C- cents per share or monthly install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 5-7.
ATTOJ'.NKVS AT LAW.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy,
occultism: free clinic Tues. evg. 305 Larkln.
JEWELERS wanted. Apply 3CB Bush st. third
floor, room 4.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. £62 Mission st, between Ist and 2d sts.
A REFINED Irish or American nurse girl; $12;
good place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
A GIRL as companion to 1 lady and do light
work; $12. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant IS3
Hotel Department.
Waitresses for Pasadena and Coronado....s2o
2 waitresses, Sacramento $25
10 waitresses for commercial and city hotels,
$20; 2 chambermaids to wait J2O; 3 fancy lron-
ers, $25 to $40.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
20 girls, housework and cooking, country,
$20; 40 girls, housework and cooking, city, $25,
$10; 2 second girls, country. $20. $15; 3 nuree
Kirls, city, 113, $12. $10; woman with little girl.
$20 city. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— Waitress and parlor maid, $25; neat
young second girl. $25; laundress, $25; a
large number of girls for housework, city and
country, $20 and $25; waitress and chamber-
maid, "country hotel, $20: waitresses for res-
taurant, $6 a week; 4 second girls, $15 and $20;
nursery governess, $25. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
ASTROLOGY.
PROf! a" mXpKHY of T:?ry;it. preatett aetrolo-
giFt nnd palmfft in the world; satisfaction
r-j*.r»r.te»<3. 427 O<-'<l»n Cute «ye.
SALESMAN wanted— Successful subscription
book salesmen will learn of rare opportunity
by addressing or calling at 927 Market st.
room 622.
A MAN and wife; man to work outside and
woman in house; country references requir-
ed. H. M. L.. Valley Ford. Cal.
CUSTOM pants maker who understands run-
ning factory; flrst-class and medium grades
of work; no attention to answers unless ref-
erences and former places of employment
given. Box 565. Call offlce. - ;;i -- •
HELP WANTED- FEMALES.
A COOK. Palo Alto, $33; Berkeley. $23; 2 In
family; St. Helena, $25; Oakland. $25; Ala-
meda, $25, and other towns; 20 housework
girls, $25 and $20; 10 young girls to assist, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A MOTHER and daughter as cook and cham-
bermaid; $25; country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
YOUNG man with about 6 months' experience
at bricklaying. Box 4101. Call.
GOOD quarry man to split and drill granite la
city. Apply box 4121. Call.
UUMMCSS CHA!tCE»-Continned.
BIG BARGAINS COWING A CO.
1130 Market street.
A salcon on corner near Market it
Corner grocery and bar; south eWe.
Corner grocery; store full of stock.
Ccrner cigar store on Market et. ; snap.
Branch bakery: sickness cause.
Restaurant; center part of city; receipts **»
Butcher shop; corner; receipts $10 dally.
jIBCO-SALOON. 200 ft. from the Baldwin; pri-
vate entrance, clubrooms; flrßt-class In every
regpect: good business. JONES. 865 Market
$175-DELICACIES and dairy prpduc*: value
In sight: fine location. JONES A CO.. 865
Market et.
$176— GROCERY, bar. 4 living rooms; rent $10;
doing paying business. Jones & Co.. 860 airk-
A FAIR block of stock in a most promising
mine; excellent opportunity for investors;
cause of offer, absolute and Immediate need
of cash. Box IUSO, Call. ,
$16J0— CASH corner grocery and bar; good
stock; fine location. Inquire 4Go Castro st,
call bet. 6 and 7 p. m.
GROCERY ar.d bar; 4 living roomt: rent low-
price reasonable. Apply *•* Clementina H.
$250-RELIABLE partner wanted; a _P*ylnf
cash business; no experience required. Box
383. Call. ;
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal, 539* i California st. room L
$100— RESTAURANT: splendid stand; sold on
account sickness. 1331) Park st. A4ameda.
CIGAR stand and laundry office for sale cheap.
Apply MI.SS G. SMITH. 715^ Howard st.
jjt.O— COAL yard: 2 horses; 2 wagons; Includes
building; ground rent $7. 79 Third st.
$75— GROCERIES and notions: bargain ; 4 »¦»-
j ing rooms: rent Sl3. 1272 Folsom st.
! FORlitle^Saloon at 16 Clay st Particulars at
21 E East st. .
I WANTED — A partner, male or female, good
! paying business, with $350. 6H Grove St.
HOTEL in Skaguay. Alaska, for Bale on ac-
count of death of manager, part owner: pay-
Ing well but absent owners want to sell; lot,
buildings, furniture complete; house and bar
cost over $7000; receipts last year. $58&0; rail-
road starts Ht Skaguay : price. $4lioo. HAWKES
& BKELTON. £21 Montgomery st.
FOR sale, in a town of 7000 inhabitants, within
30 miles of San Francisco, and having the
best prospects of any town on tfce coast, a
furnishing goods business, carrying a stock
I of $3CO0; will be cold for cost. Address box
; ior.B. Call.
! FOR rale— Good business opportunity; will pay
1 $300 to $CC>O monthly: very little money re-
| quired down; no experience needed; every-
' thing new; the best of reasons for selling;
I can be handled in your own locality; send this
ad. and address Drawer 145, Chicago. 111.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and fruit busi-
ness on main thoroughfare, centrally located
In city of Oakland: clean stock: flrst-class
trade; value in sight; no agents. Address
box 4S. Call office, Oakland.
FOR rent— To an i-p-to-date man with experi-
ence a furnished hotel and race track in
Eureka. Cal.; located on main traveled road
and good chance to make a nice paying busi-
ness. Apply to J. G. LOVEREN. Eureka. Cal.
A BUSINESS man of Al reputation .would like
to invest about JSOPO in Born? legitimate pay-
ing business: please state profits; principals
only. Box 1122, Call offlce.
$1500 ONLY for long established bakery, candy
and ice cream Darlor, on principal street:
sold on account of death of owner. V.
GROCHWELL. 23 N. El Dorado St.. Stockton.
WANTED— A restaurant outfit; will pay 25
per cent more than dealer. 227 San
Carlos aye^
$1050— SALOON; OFarrell-st corner: safe; C
boxes, piano- room; no agents. Address box
1132, Call offlce.
jjwv-GROCERY ar.d bar; NE. cor. Valley and
Dolores sts.; a years' lease; good business;
fine location. •. « '
BEST located bakery; center of little country
town: 45 miles from city. Apply 412 A 13th St.,
rear Valencia.
, WELL located corner grocery and bar for sale
! cheap. LEMLE. LEVY CO., 2C5 Third ft.
DENTAL offlce: first-clars; central; must be
sold: terms easy. MACDONALD, 6 Eddy st.
room 107^ . ,
FOR rent in Petaluma— An old-established sa-
' loon: best location In town. 3ee owner at
IIS7 Folsom bt
SALOON in wholesale district; cause sickness. ;
Inquire M. BLUMEXTHAL CO.. C5B Mission.
BRANCH bakery and candy store at your price.
40S Third st.
WANTED — Cheap room'.r.g-hcuse for cash. C.
HANSEN. 9C2 Folsom ft.
NEAT restaurant, good location, for eale. Ap-
ply 207 Grant aye.. taloon.
ICO-ROOM louse for eale cr exchange for lodg-
ing house in Chicago or other business; no
agents. Box 2522, Call office.
OLl> established wagon-making aDd 'horseshoe-
Ing business: 13 years present location: cheap
account of death of owner. 22 Ccrtland aye.
FOR !=a!e cheap— Well established corner saloon:
slckr.efs cause. Particulars call C 25 Market.
ROUTE of 544 papers on this paper for eale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL 4 CO., 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received 3t Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A HRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Ft.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladle*' ptxr-
slcian and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at offlce. $5; safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market st. between M*.
son and Taylor; hours. 9 t» S.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
ciallst. formerly of 401 Van Ness, 1352 Market.
has returned from Europe with Improved;
methods and advanced knowledce; cor* at
offlce $5: warranted; 15 years* successful prac-
tice In 8. F. Offlce. 118 Eddy st.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles* physician
and specialist: borne for patients In conSas-
xnent or with chronic diseases: best care;
guarantee- treatment at office, $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post *t~. bet. Hyd« and __r»
kin: hours 19 to 6, 7 to 8.
MRS. DR. ALLEX. 1035 Market— Ladles* special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at office. $5; aaf*
and reliable: consultation fre«; hours 19 to 8.
DR. O. W. CDOXNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed la S. F. for years; treated thousands
tif cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free: success guaraa-
teed. Write or call at IQ23VJ Market st.
WE guarantee to cure any female trouble for
$5; male and female physicians In attendance:
confidential consultation free. WOMEN" 3
MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 1238 Market. r. 127- 128.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for S7 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledxe:
cure $5: consultation free. 318 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market; ladles*
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cur* guaranteed: treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladies* specialist. IUS Market
st.: every case guaranteed; $5 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 519 Eddy •_. bet. Hyd«
and Larkln: hours, 19 to 12. 2 to 4 and T to L
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dl»-
•as>» of the human body. 115 Mason st.
LOST— Greyhound bitch; white, with fawn
ears; reward. FRANK MORAK. 321 Pavia.
LOST— Black silk muffler: intltlals L. H. B.
Please return to Call office; reward.
LOST— S2S reward: gold watch, chain anil
locket. No. 553.908: monogram O. F. N.
Call on proprietors Cafe Royal.
LOST— A pasr- M>k with the Hlbemla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th«
namt of MRS. C. H. ATHEARN. No. 173-131 S.
The finder will please return to the bank.
MEETIXO XOTICES.
A
ING January 30. at 7:30 o clock. P. It/C
V. ar.d M. E. M. degrees. By crder cf / ~ »
the H. P. —myftuy n DAYj Secretary-
0 -
EVENING -t W
Ws'At&JL
ING 7:31 o'clock. Third degree. /£_^
' GWRGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /V^
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. ft
M —Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _^\_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 7_f\
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec / ?
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. JB
— Funeral notice.— Officers and mem- — y\_
bors are requested to asserr.t ie Bt Ma- /\J\
eor.!c 7>rr.r> at 10 a. m. TL'ESDAT. '?>
the 30th Irjst.. for the purpose of conducting
the funercl ceremonies cf our late Brother,
PAVID ABRA^S, tiier.ee to Home of Peace
Ometery by 11:30 trxSn from Third ar.d Town.
* tend sts. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodce No. 1, I. O. .>*£££_>.
O F. - Member* will r.iejt
» WEDNESDAY. January 21. at
130 D xn to attend the f - jr.er»l *»»"'
of our Ute- bother. M. v U.MOHRIS kyo
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the UNION TRUST COM-
PAVY cf San Francisco, will be held
at the cffsc» of the company In the Union
Trust Company's building, comer Montgom-
ery. Post and Market its.-. San Francisco.
Cal on MONDAY, the fifth day of February.
I9CO. «t the hour of 2 o'clock p. re., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
*erve for the following year, the amendment
of the by-laws of the corapeny nr.d the trans-
action <f euch other business as may wine
befcre tfce meeting
I. W. HELLMAX JT»... f»?retary.
THE annual meeting of th» membership of the
Workmen's Guarantee Fund Association will
take rls^e at its c/flr». ro^m €3. Flood bulld-
Inr. TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 3n. at 7:30
o'clock. H. G. PRINCE. Sec.
ANN'VAL Mertlr.it .— The annual meeting of
the lot owners in the Masonic Cemetery will
tx» n»:<! at the Masonic Tempi* on TUESDAY
• AFTERNOON. February 6. 19'jO. at 2 o'clock.
for the election of three trustees and such
business as may l'trally CflCl* befcre It.
OHO. .T. HORE. Secretary.
LOST— A bunch of keys; finder will please re-
turn to 415 Kearrty st
WANTED— Restaurant second cook. $50; res-
taurant cook. $35; restaurant porter, $20;
waiters dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED
Middle-aged cobbler, to repair shoes In Insti-
tution near city;. $20 per month, with board,
lodging and washing
Night cook for a country restaurant, near
city; $23 and found
Woodchoppers, tie makers and others: 2
more miners, $52 per month: fanners, milkers,
laborers and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay Bt
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on tfce coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. «%> Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Je»ai» 153.
WANTED— Good barber; short hours. EOT Cal-
ifornia Et -
BARBER wanted. 847 Fillmora at, cor. Mc-
Allister.
BOY or young man to learn barber trade. 303%
Broderick St.. near Oak.
YOUNG man for photograph printing. 22*4
Geary St., room 33. |
BARBER shop for vale cheap; living rooms In
rear. Call at 1799 Market st
BOY wanted to drive butcher wagon. 1604
Gear}' st.
BOY about 16 years of age for nwn'i furnlsh-
ing store. Address box 1095, Call.
MEN for city work: good terms. 1027H Market
st; call afternoons.
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted. 635
Kearny st.; call early.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— To rer.t or lease, house of Bor mors
rooms: describe, stating lowest rent. Box
1129. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT 4 rooms, bay-window and bath. 711 Na-
toma st, between Eighth and Ninth.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
I from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
POST, 525— Upper flat of 4 rooms and bath: $18.
POST, 955— Sunny lower flat; 6 rooms and bath;
rent $13.
CLAIKVOYAMS AND SPIRITUALISM.
A— PR^FES"&OR~MAX ~~"~~ "~
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
nsotit tkt-Dtlcal: gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble: unites the separated and
restores lost affection: if in doubt, trouble or
ndveisity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you; mediums developed in from 3 to 6
months: letterH containing three questions and
$1 answered: hours. 9 to 8: Sundays. 30 to 2.
MKS. J. J. WHITNEY. 11C4 Market: trance,
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular: sittings $1.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth. 2, 8
p. m., 14 McAllister, room 35; admission 10c
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
( p. m. 409 Leaven worth Et; 25 cents.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing te«t circle ? to-
nlght. 605 McAllister st Come, skeptics. -
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
\ 2C3 Ellis at; circle Sun. and Wed. evening*.
M I SCE i LL AN EO VS WAN TS.
SELF-INKING printing press, not less than
sxB; gcod order; cheap. A. M. X.. 24C0 Geary.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry: $22 per os. tor
gold In It. 323 Bush St.. 3d floor, room -
A GIRL wanted. Apply 1413^4 Mission it.
RESPECTABLE waitress for restaurant. Gold-
en Gate Restaurant. 443 Third st
WOMAN wanted to work In the kitchen. S
Polk et.
GIRL for housework; good plain cook. 2217
Octavia st. corner Jackson.
GIRL wanted for housework and cooking; good
wages. Apply 2604 California st.
APPRENTICE with some experience on cus-
tom-made coats; paid while learning. 214
Seventh st
LADY solicitor; big pay. Call room 505, Call
building, between 12 and 1 r>. m.
SCANDINAVIAN servant girl. Call 2406 Sutter
street.
EXPERIENCED German or Swedish girl for
cooking and light housework; small family.
1130 Ellis st
WANTED— A good operator on custom pants;
steady work. 757 A Howard st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALDS Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing languages. telegraphy, EngllB*i
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new SO-psge catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men. young ladies and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
bait water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend." |
TWO laundresses. Institution, $25 each; cham-
bermaid, $30: two second girls, $25 and $20;
second girl. Llvermore, $25; young woman for
chamber work, must sleep home, good wages;
middle-aged woman, light housework, two In
family $18; 4 cooks, $30 and $23; 50 house-
work girls, $25 and $20. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
A— NURSE, boy 4 years old. and seamstress;
must have references; 20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WANTED— Good cook at the Old Washington
Hotel. 624 Fourth st. cor. Bluxome.
FIIKK TO ALI
GENTS diamond stud; reward $20. Return to
430 Ellis st.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cat.
LOST AN_» *'Utj.»_».
LOST"sunday afternoon In transferring from
Eighth-street cars from Eaat Oakland to the
Piedmont cars, a Mexican hand-carved
leather purse, containing- small change.
Finder please return to 1515 Franilia »t.
Oakland, and receive reward..
LOST— AT Metropolitan Temple, a purse con-
taining $165. one diamond ring, one gold ring. J
one diamond stud, one chip diamond stud.
Liberal reward will be paid by returning sara*
to S"4 Folsom »t. ' _1
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th»
name of EDWARD M. CARR. No. 210-0.8.
The finder will please return to pann.
LOST from the playgrounds Golden Gate Park
last week, a pug dos: answers to Sport; suit-
able reward for his return.
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
ITCeiNTFS OFFICE cr the Pan Franc'ee©
C*:i. corr.er cf Market and Third streets, cpea
until J2 o'clock every n'.ght In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street.
dirtr Clay; cpen vntil 9M p. ra.
SOP Hayes *treet: open urtll »:S0 p. m.
f39 McAllister rtreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
Cf Lai-kin e'.reet; cpen until »:89 p. m.
;M1 Mlrsion street; cpen until 10 p. m .
rJCI Market street, corner eixteenUj; open
until t pi m.
:« r'eventh street: open «r.t!l • p. m.
JC?C Valencia street: cr* n until » p. n_
:223 Polk street; cpen until » P. m.^
North west corner of Twenty-second and Kea-
tuefcy streets: open unti! t p. m
CLAIRVOYANTS ; ASP 1 SPmrTUALISM.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 26c up. 73 Fourth et, near Mission.
MEDIUM and card reader; ladles, 25c; gents,
Mw. 1 Fifth st. third floor, room 48.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. mVt Sixth st ¦
MME. ZERKDA of 5 Seventh »t. Is the original
gypsy life reader: readings. 25c.
YOUR future told by cards, 26c. 944 Howard
st.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m,
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; buslnesa
advise: names given: 2Sc up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band'w picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
J. FRANKEL: lair and collections: real estate,
insurance. Investments, etc.- Room 75, 120
Eutter st.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 31f'. 927 Market 8t
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; modern lmprovemsnte;
sunny yard; cellar. ISB9 O'Farrell st, near
Pierce; $16.
GREEN, 415— Cottage of 4 rooms and ba«e-
ment: rent $8. -.•*-:
SUNNY cottages: 4 and 6 rooms: basement,
yard, stable. 1876 Fifteenth st^nearDolores.
DENTISTS.
A^-DR. T. S. iiIGGINS r ~dental parlors! 927
Market Bt, over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without -pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from COc; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that flt from
$4 E0 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full eet of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years- filling?, Mc: crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth Et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates cur specialty: gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plat?s, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crown*, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prl zes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 533 Valencia: dental
work reas. : painless extraction; hours 9 to 5.
VAN VROOM — "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors; cpen evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 76c ;« city visits ?l 50; all
animals treated : docs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRKSSKS
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st. ; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect flt
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
Ing.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor fc Moffat.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman wants place as flrst-class
Ironer. 1000 Washington st.; city or country.
REFINED girl wishes to teach children
French or German, or both.Jand take care of
them; references. Address DICTION. 4174
Fifth st.
A YOUNG girl would like to learn halrdress-
lng and manicuring. Call 834^ Harrison st.
GOOD respectable woman (American) needs
work very badly; can do any kind; good
housecleaner; would go by day or any way.
The Eagle. 78 Third Bt., room 5.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do cooking and down-
stairs work in American family; wages $2u.
Call or address 2030 Laguna st.
GERMAN woman wishes few steady places to
wash: $1 per day and carfare; good references.
Address box A, Call branch. 300 Hayes st
COMPETENT middle-aged woman, flrst-class
American cook and baker, will work in city
or country; country preferred; wages $12 to
SIS. Call at 110 Fourth st. room 13. '
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class cook; good
references. 266 Tenth Bt.
COMPETENT woman wants light housework
to work forenoons only, by the day or week.
Call at .STSH Larkln St.. third floor.
NEAT young girl wishes a place to assist In
light housework. Call at 303 Sixth st.
BOOKKEEPER, neat young lady, desires posl-
tlon; fully competent to keep books, answer
correspondents and taka charge of an offlce;
also verbatim stenographer and typewriter;
salary $50 per month; references- Address
M. M.. box 413 L Call.
LADY wishes a situation In an American
family as Infant's nurse and sewing; hae
best of reference. Address 212 Second st, city.
A REFINED lady, thoroughly domesticated,
desires position in a widower's family; small
children not an objection; references ex-
changed. Box 1065. Call.
STRONG healthy young woman would like
situation as wetnuree; references given. Call
at SlO Clara st. In the rear.
WANTED— Clerical position in offlce or fac-
tory by lady having had 8 years' experience
in the East; b°st references. Address
FRANK J. BAKER, 325 Montgomery st.
TWO Swedish girls would like places, one to
do cooktng and downstairs work, the other
second and general housework: wages $15 and
$25: references. 3902 Twenty-fourth st.
COMPETENT German woman wishes washing
or housecleanlng by the day. Call 827 Pacific.
SINGLE ladies wishing to Join a social club
send address to MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis at.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch osnee. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH ofHce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. nu
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— >M_B,
EXPERIENCED stenographer and bookkeeper
wants position; has acted as secretary for
two years. Address box 10S9, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED American wants position as
Janitor, church or institution; experience; best
references. l£O9A Howard st.
HANDY man, carpenter, wants steady work at
anything: factory, wholesale house or ranch;
reliable. Box 1113. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED hotel man. clerk, bookkeeper
or caterer desires position; moderate salary.
Box 1109, Call office.
EXPERT bookkeeper: opening and closing of
books, or permanent position desired. Box
lins. Call olflce.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, typewriter and
general offlce man: Al references furnished.
Address box 354, Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE young colored man from the
East would like a situation as butler In a
private family. Call or address Butler, 28
Stone st., between Washington and Jackson,
below Powell.
MAN, understands thoroughly the wine and
; liquor business, wishes position; best refer-
ences. Address box 382, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position: used to hard
work; can keep accounts If necessary: not
afraid of work; expects living wages. Address
box 4122. Call office.
STEADY, sober young man wants work on a
farm: is used to farm work; good references;
wages $25. A. G., 95!* Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED man, good driver, wishes sit-
uation to care for horses; also a fair car-
dener; handy with tools. Box 1079, Call office.
WANTED to rent or work on shares, black-
smith or plumber shop in the country, by
competent all-around mechanic. Address A.
8., Clay-st. wharf, care of steamer General
McDowell.
WANTED — Position sharpening tools for min-
ing company or quarry, by good all-around
blacksmith. Addre«? box 1097, Call office.
GOOD valuable rnin wants position as cook;
first-class city references. Address P. PE-
TERSON, 118 Sixth st, care of jewelry store.
SITUATION wanted by young single man.
ng» SO years; flrst-clcss grower of roses,
carnations and chrysanthemums and good
propagator: ten years in last position;
from the East; could fill a private place:
best reference. CHAS A. BRUNOER, Bell
Conservatory Company. Sacramento, Cal.
STEWARD, Just from the East; would like
position in hotel or club; has had experience
In golf, yacht and city clubs; Al references.
Box 1114. Call offlce. _^
YOUNG German would like situation In gro-
cery or drive wagon; good references. Ad-
dress C. H.. Box 1140, Call offlce.
COMPETENT bartender wants position; 10
years' experience: reference given; speaks
German and English. Box 1141. Call offlce.
USEFUL man: housework: care invalid; mid-
dle-aged man; speaks English. French; will-
ing and obliging; flrst-class reference. Box
1112. Call. ¦..:'-.*;.
GOOD cook, steady and reliable, wishes situa-
tion In small place; very small wages expected
In steady place. Address 656 Commercial st,
WILLIAM BUCHANAN.
EXPERIENCED French foreman and wife
wish situations on orchard and vineyard; best
of references. Apply box 393. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS French gardner and wife want
situations In country; best of references. Ad-
dress box 353. Call office.
COLLEGE man desires position In any good
house; prefem architectural or nursery work.
Box 112fi. Call. •
TO ladles' tailors and cutters— Most Improved
¦clentlflc method taught; terms reasonable.
Box 1121. Call. '¦_ r >^
MIDVSLE-AGED man wishes situation; care
of horses and do garden work: small wages;
cii'y references. Address box 1123. Call.
BAKER, flmt-class on bread and cake, wishes
situation; country preferred. Address box 398,
Call.
GENERAL blacksmith pnd horseshoer wants
a steady position: good references. J. G., box
1056 26th aye.. East Oakland.
JAPANESE, flrst-class cook, understands any
ntyle of cooking, wants situation In private
__ family. Apply YAMA. 923 Sacramento st.
YOUNG Japanese wants to do any kind of
work, gardening preferred. Box 1102. Cay.
JAPANESE wants a situation as schoolboy In
small family. S. X., 105 Prospect place, city.
WANTED —By young man who speaks and
writes English, German and Spanish, position
In store or otherwise; buslnes* experience and
best references; willing to go to Mexico. Man-
ila or elsewhere. Address H. 8.. Call office.
SOBER American cook wants a position as
cook at a mine or lumber mill employing
about 20 men. Box 4896, Call.
GOOD competent young man wishes employ-
ment for outdoor or laslde work. Address
box 1072. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and 6ub«crlptlons has been opened
at J223 Polk st; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
(subscriptions has been established Rt the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts.: open till 9 p. m.
EXCHANGE.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, has property of all
kinds for exchange; call on him.
FOR exchange for something valuable: San
Jose residence property. A. K. SPERO. 2154
T'nlvrwlty nve.. Berkeley. Cnl.
/ EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGK MAYERLE, German expert optician;
German eye water by mail, 50c. 1071V4 Market
st. San Fran»Ucn: 'examination free.
FLATS TO LET.
FLATS of 8 and 6 room*: $12 and $14: cottage
4 rooms. Key 623 Second st.
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat, 7 rooms
and bath; elegant view of bay and city. 3Vi
Scott tt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANTJARY 30, 1900.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. K. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
Teamster and scraper holders and dumpers
for the Coast Road; free fare.
50 coal miners for New Mexico; special rates
of fare; ship February L
•Gardener, country hotel, $25; pruners, graft-
ers, ranch teamsters, woodchoppera and oth-
ers.
Hoisting engineer for a mine, $2 50 to $3 a
day. C. R. HANSEN.& CO.. 104 Geary st.
CHEF for Southern California, $80. C. R.
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st
WANTED— Butcher for country, $30 and found:
blacksmith's helper on carriage work. $2 25
day: 6 woodchoppers, $1 75 and $2 75 cord:
milkers, , $25; odd choreman. $10 and found:
shirt Ironer. $35 and found. J. F. CROSETT
A CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
SACRAMENTO. 1365— Flat of 8 rooms; $13 M.
STABLE for 7 horses and 4 wagona and flat
of 6 rooms and bath. 1617 O'Farrell st.
TEHAMA, 324—2 flats; 4 rooms each; $10 and
$12.
TWO flats; 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; S
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary st
UPPER flat: 4 rooms ' and storeroom; large
yard; rent $12. 16 Langton St.
VALLEY. 810, 5 r., $9; 19^4 Madison aye., $10:
10 Putton. 3 r., $3; Rlpley place. 8 r., $10; SO
days free. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
$10— SUNNY cottage of 3 rooms. 134 Rose aye..
between Gough "and Octavia sts. •-• "-
FURNITURE FOR SALB.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evenings.
TWO carpets, oak . bedroom set, lounge and
wardrobe; cheap. 1523 Market, nr. Guerrero.
FURNITURE, carpets and fine upright piano;
must sell at once. 1021 Van Ness aye.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 80. with No.
V range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission stT pays
the highest prices for your M-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 335 J.
. HELP WAMED AGENTS.
FIRST-CLASS agent (one who has acquaint-
ances among physicians preferred) to handle
patented article of merit. Address box ioyj.
Call.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For ftal*
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
817 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD fine draught and driving l-orses at
1«21 and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also »om« fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team. 164: 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Q. O. aye.
HOUSES LODGING FOtt SALE.
WANTED— Waltres* for restaurant; $5. BSO
Fourth at.
GIRL (German speaking) for housework: one
who stops home preferred. 1063 Market St.,
upstairs.
en
10TURK. 642— Larce alcove room: grate; joining
bath; run all day: pri. family: suitable for 2.
WEBSTER, IWO—Eiegant ninny alcove: every
home comfort: strictly prlv. fun.; reasonable.
TURK. 127— Nice runny furniehed rooms, $6 to
$S; also a front room; quiet house. ...
*fen4 X^ctlor" ARD - Rlpld!y * TOWln * «- ;
On very easy raj-ments; choice lots In the
block recently euM'.vided. bounded by H and I
ets , Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes. ; right on
the Park aiid the now Nineteenth -aye. boule-
vard: a number of lots already FO i<j : balance
feSS! ".f Wickly: fine Investments: good
building lot*; all ready; lots on official grade:
maca<Umlred ; water pipes usd; p!ani * B i ae _
waJks; < per cent Interest only.
PRICES JC2S UPWARD— YOt.'n OWN TERMS
Money advanced fcr buiMlng purposes- elec-
tric cars p** S the property; «> e thl, block at
once. Go to our branch office to-day, <-or H
H. and Ninth aye.; price H*u. etc., there or at
our offic*. BALDWIN A HOWELL.
I 1) Montgomery '<,%.
JiW-BARGAIN: large IH-story. h: r h rtoop.
bay-W.ndow cottage; vestibule entrance- be£
*led plate glass double loon; handsomely
paneled 7-foot wioe hall, with wlndlns etair-
• case and CH-fuct newel post; iiarlor 14x17
w-sJnscotfd dining room *xl 4: sitting room
(Vtxl4; wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13-
ceilings 12 Wt high; ventilators; plaster cor-
elcm: psntry. class clonet, etc.; 2 bedroomi
•nd bathroom upFtairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all. with <souble-<!onr entrance under bay-
lot liiiro. »Uh a rustic nable 10x20 at end :
rn&er.'.flrert view: all for JliCiC; no agents 1
V.'. NEWTON. ISJO 12th aye.. near X st. Sunl
**t district. 8 Mocks from Golden Gate Park.
MODERN flat*— t:.w>o:. containing 6 aad~B rooms
each; highly docoratrd and finished with
all modern conveniences; 625 Wall-ret..r et.. one
Work frr-m Haight and Pierce; easy terms.
r. NELSON, builder.
HYDE, 319— Sunny suite furnished rooms; pri-
vate family: rent reasonable.
JEPPIE. 373. near Emporium— Two furnished
front rooms In private family; $5 and $6.
LARKIN. 613—2 or 3 connecting neatly fur-
nished sunny rooms ; kitchen complete; $15 up.
MINNA. CS— Five clean rooms for a quiet fam-
ily.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
ir/ Mitslon sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle: ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye., 21 (The Wellington)— A family
rooming house; elegantly furnished - rooms;
nan-s gss. bath; hot and cold water; 50c
II to per night; 12 60 to $7 per week.
FOLSOM. 965, corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or single; new mgt
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reoelved at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmo-e st.
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED to purchase <J7OOO or less) modern
• or 7 room house or cottage; north of Cali-
fornia and »fft of Van Ness; sanitary
plumbing. Adorers by letter J. E. 8.-.
room 1. £23 K^arr.y et. "
PHYSICIANS AM> SCKUEO>S.
VALENCIA. 1232— Tw0 nlc* sunny rooms; light
hriuFtke^rlnß; furnished; no children.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
1 October 15, 1 — —
Week Sun- 1539. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ Destination, days. | Days.
7:30 am S:0O am Novato. 10:40 am! 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm-10:25 am
5:10 pjn 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pra
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburff.
Lytton.
Ceyserville.
S:3opm B:Coam Cloverdale. I 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 ami IHopland andj I
| 8:C0 ami Uklah. ( 7:35 pmf <:22 pm
7:30 am " 10:23 am
8:00 am GuernevUla. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm . «:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am) Sonoma 110:40 ami 8:40 am
and }
6:10 pm 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen. I »:05 pmf »H2 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami SebastopoL 110:40 am|lo:2s am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| j 7:35 pml 8:23 pm
MASSAGE and medical rymnastlcs eiven by
experienced nurse. Address box 4227. Call.
FIGER'S 'cw'eeners are • c best 2nd cheapest
All kinds repaired Lr.d fcr sale at 342 Sutter.
IF you with full value for your cast-eff. chrth-
ir.K call on P. COHEN, 157 Third st
COLEiIA-N huy* clothing., brlc-a-brac, tools,
carpets, eld rold; send for him. 606 Kearny.
B}>t pri'-e for ec£t-o2 clothing and brlc-a-
brsc. H. MARKS. 2C9 Third St.; send postal.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair epecialist*. grow hair
cr no pay: book for stamp. C Eddy st
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE,
Jeweler. 2iS OT .Tell, bet. Powell ana Mason.
67AMMERING corrected: booi-.;t J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. PhD., 1315 Linden. Oakland.
NINTH. 20. nr. Market — Front bay-w'ndrw rm.;
email kitchen, pas. grate, water; fl<>: sin., f4.
SOUTH PABK, 154— Two sunny front rooms;
convenient for housekeeping.
THIRD. 415— Single front room, front and back
-parlor: also housekeeping rooms with kitchen;
modern; sun all day; newly rum. ; reasonable.
TURK. 543— Nice sunny furnished room; grate,
pas and bath: I*: private family:
FRINGES— Special orders to match materials
at ETTINGERS. 723 Market St.
DIVIOE.\U NOIICJBS.
MUTUAL Electric Light Co.— A monthly divi-
dend (No. 5) of eight (S) cents per share on
the lEsued capital stock of the company haß
been declared, payable at the office of the
company, 627 Howard street. San Francisco,
on February 9. 1300. Transfer books close on
February 3, 1900, at 4 o'clock p. m.
JAMES FISHER, Secrtary-
HARRISON. 67G— Three nice sunny room* for
housekpfrlng.
EELLE— OUDRY
$20— STORE; 1 show windows and 5 large i
adapted to any butlnecF. 422 Sixth «t.
1112 II K ELI? Y REAL ESTATE.
rO LrT— Fine «tor«. 12E5 Mission st
COAST IMVlsin-, i Narrow <inn.gr).
• (Foot of M irket Street.)
JTCKER & SON ar.d Packard are the names
to remember wlien you lock for a flrst-claas
piano. Agency MAUVAIS'. 76S Market st.
I '.HCE nock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos. j;rlee« reduced to insure pronpt sales.
\V. C. HAMILTON. 3U Post St.
CO SLIGHTLY uppJ high and medium grade
pianos; epM-ial fiißcourt* for cash: open Sat
«-venlnjrs. Heine Piano Mlg. Co.. ISC Ellis st.
A FEW mere pianos will be sold this week for
ftorape, cheap for each: correspondence solic-
ited: J4O up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market
A BARGAIN— An upright piano; elegtrit; old
English, antique &ecigns; 1100. Room 10,
YZ'so& balling.
WE are etiil renting new pianos at $3 per
month. Scott • .irtai Piano Co.. ECO Hayes st
V . G. UADGE.t, 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby a.nd Sper.cer piano*. Spencer
wtrerooms. ISIB Market st.
FINE Fischer & Ste:nway upright; stcrlflced.
KEEFFES. ICIB Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORN'UNG'S. tl6 McAllister St.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 1«
"cAJlister et. next Hibernia Bar.k.
fcUPERIOR violins, slthers. old and new. H.
MI'LLKR r-ink^r. renair^r. ! Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES—^TO LET.
UNION-SQUARE trending, orpoeite City of
PerU. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
offices aad store*.
KNABK plant* l new ecale: new styles. KOH-
LEfc & CHASE, to O'Farrell st.
BRUCE— In this city. January 28, 1900, Eliza-
beth Bruce, a native of Melbourne, Austra-
ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 9
o'clock, from the residence of her brother,
John T. Bruce, 2530 Gough street, corner of
Green, thence to St. Bridget's Church, where
services will be . celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CASON— In this city. January 28, 1900, Cornelia
Cason. beloved wife of J. H. Cason, a native
of California.
rrrFuneral this day (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock from the parlors of J. S. Godean, 305
Montgomery avenue. Funeral strictly pri-
vate.
CHILDS— In this city, January 29. 1900. Mary
Ann beloved wife of Charles W. Childs. a
native of Boston, Mass., aged 65 years.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 31S Mason
street, between Geary and O'Farrell. Inter-
ment private.
COHN— In Berlin. January 28, 1900, Pauline
Cohn, widow of the late Edward I. Cohn.
beloved mother of Anna Cohn. and sister of
Mr*. A. Maschke and Mrs. William Loewy.
DALY— In this city. January 27. 1900, Dennis
J beloved son of the late Timothy and Annie
Daly and brother of John A. Daly and Mrs.
F. Joseph, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years 10 months and 13 days. .
(CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2024 Bryant street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth, thence to St. Charles Borro-
meo's Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DE LA RUE— In East Oakland, January 29,
1900 Henry Francis de la Rue. a native of
Nashville, Term., aged 27 years 11 months and
2 days.
DERHAM— In the City and County Hospital,
January 2S. 1900, P. J. Derham. a native of
Ireland, aged 60 years.
EGGERS— In this city, January 29, 1900, Minna
F. Eggers, beloved wife of Ferdinand Eggers,
a native of Berlin, Germany, aged 67 years 8
months and 13 days. A member of St. Mar-
kus Frauen Verein.
JET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence ISO 7 Steiner street, thence to St.
Markus 'Church, OTarrell street, between
Franklin and Goujth, where services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Cremation
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GAFFNEY— In this city. January 29, 1900, John,
beloved husband of Annie Gaffney, and father
of John, David, Annie and William Gaffney.
Mrs P. Slavin and Mrs. M. Eteln. a native of
Ireland, aged 65 years.
GLEESON— In this city, January 28, 1900. Jo-
seph N., beloved son of Mary and the late
James Gleeson. and brother of James and
Frank Gleeson, Mrs. I. W. Stanley and Mrs.
J G Newsom. a native of Mokelumne Hill.
Calaveras County, Cal., aged 31 years 9
menths and 24 days.
(nyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at s o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, be-
tween EiKhth and Ninth, thence to St.
Charles Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private, in Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOOPER— In this city, January 23. 1900. Mar-
tha S. Hooper, relict of the late John Hooper,
and mother of Frank P., John A., Charles A.,
' Grx>rce W. and the late Arthur A. Hooper
and Mrs. Isabelle W. Norwood, a native of
Brunswick, Me., aged S3 years 11 months and
(T7 Funeral services at her late residence,
2741 California street, this day (Tuesday),
at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
JONES— In Alameda, January 29, 1900, Wil-
liam Price Jones, a native of Wales, aged 77
years 6 months and 10 days.
CyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 92-i Pacific avenue. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
KOPP— In the City and County Hospital. Janu-
ary 2S. 1000. William Kopp, a native cf Ger-
many, aced 54 years.
LEM— In this city, January 2S, 1900, John H.
Lem, dearly beloved husband of Anna Lem,
and 'brother-in-law of William Hoffschneider
and P. H. Reese, a native of Amsterdam,
Holland, aged 70 years and 6 days.
(CTFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Crocker's
Old People's Home, corner Pierce and Pine
streets. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LEVER— In Alameda, January 29, 1900, Charles
Lever, a native of England, aged 74 years 2
months and IS days.
ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
11 o'clock, from his late residence, 2131 Santa
Clara avenue. Interment Tamalpals Ceme-
tery, San Rafael. Please omit flower*.
McLEOD— In Oakland, January 23, 1900, Wil-
liam beloved husband of the late Annie Me
Leod and father of William McLeod, Mrs.
Henry Hatton nnd Mrs>. Elizabeth Lewis, a
native of Scotland, aced 63 yearn.
ICT'Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. Henry Hatton. 619
Thirty-ninth street, Oakland. Interment !
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10 o'clock creek
boat from Oakland.
McNAMARA— In this city. January 2?. 1900.
Catherine, beloved wife of Patrick McNa-
mara. and mother of Sister Mary Llgouri and
Joseph. Char Us. George. William. Edward.
Vincent and the late John H. McNamara. a
native of Kllkee. County Clare. Ireland, aged
4S years. (Chicaco j.apers please copy.)
K7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Werlnesday). at R:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 811 Folsem street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MeQUOID— In this city. January 29. 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of William McQuoid, a
native of San Francisco, aged 30 yeajs and
4 months.
MAHONY —In Oakland, January 2S, 1900,
Thomas Mahonv, beloved father of Mrs.
I^aura J. Bassett and Louise H., Emma E.
and Georee T. Mahony, a native of Ireland,
aged 73 years 2 months and 9 days.
Ely Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at St.
John's Episcopal Church, corner Eighth and
Grove streets. Oakland. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
MILLER— In San Rafael. January 29. 1900,
Mrs. Sarah Miller, mother of Mrs. J. O. B.
Short and Mrs. Margaret OToole of Gilroy,
a native of Connty Wexford, Ireland, aged
S3 years nnd 10 months.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from the residence of J. O. B.
Short. E street, thence to St. Raphael's
Church where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
MOORB— In this city, January 28, 1900, Mrs.
May Moore, widow of the late Dr.C. W.
ICTFuneral this day (Tuesday), from her
late residence. 10S5 Post street.
MORRIS— In this city. January 29, 1900. Martin
Henry, dearly beloved husband of Alice' L.
Morris, father of Maude Ethel Morris, and
brother of John W. Morris, a native of Beni-
cia Cal., aged 32 years 9 months and 25 days.
(Be'nlcla, Cal., papers please copy.)
rTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of California Lodge No. 1,
I O O F. Interment Laurel HUI Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of Bunker &
Lunt, 2666 Mission street. Mission Masonic
Temple.
MULQUEENEY— In this city. January 29, 1900,
Dennis beloved husband of the late Kate
Mulqueeney, and father of Michael. Bridget,
James and Frank Mulqueeney. a native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged 70 years.
NEWELL— In this city, Margaret Newell, be-
loved mother of Daniel Sablna and Mrs. J. J.
Maline, a native of Galway, Ireland.
NOEL— In this city, January 29. 1900. Eliza-
beth Noel, wife of Lewis Noel, and mother of
Mrs. Fannie Hughes and Lewis, Samuel,
Marcella and Nellie Noel, a native of County
Kildare, Ireland, aged 67 years. . .
O'BRIEN— In this city. January 29, 1900, Mrs.
Margaret O'Brien, beloved mother of Katie
O'Brien, and aunt of Mrs. Thomas Devtne,
Mrs. Cornelius Coakley and David and Nel-
lie Quirk, a native of Castlelyons, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years.
(ETFrlonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 112^4 Morris avenue, thence to St.
Rooe's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated lor the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
OLSSON— In this city. January 23. 1900. Clara,
beloved daughter of John H. and Mary A.
Olsson, and 6lster of Mary, Charlie and Harry
O'.sson. a native of Philadelphia. Pa., aged 16
years and 11 months.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Comnany. 405
Powell street, near Post, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, corner of Fremont and Harri-
son streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by carriage.
POOLE— In Berkeley, January 28, 1900, Captain-
David Poole. beloved husband of Sally Page
Poole, a native of London. England, aged
80 years I month and 24 days.
RALSTON— In this city, January 29. 1900, In-
fant son of Harry J. and Etta* Ralston, a
native of Ran Francisco, aged 6 days.
tET 1 Interment private.
STEELE— In Siboney. Cuba. August 6, 1898,
Lieutenant James R. Steele, Signal Corps,
U. S. A., dearly beloved husband of Anna M.
Steele, and father of Geary A. and Kate. A.
Steele. aged 32 years.
tcyinterment at Natloniu Cemetery, Presi-
dio.' this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock. •
SNYDER— In this city. January 2S. 1900. Charles
Snyder. : a native of -Pennsylvania, ased 61
years.
CT Remains at the parlors -of Porter &
White, 122 Eddy street.
WEIR— In this city, January 29, 1900. Captain
James Weir, dearly beloVed husband of Isa-
bella Weir, and father of Mona C. and Wil-
liam Weir, a native of Ayr, Scotland, aged
57 years. •
WILLIAMSON— In Oakland, at her residence,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias been established at 1096 Va-
lencta st \
HENRY J GALLAGHER CO..
• (Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher), '•
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBRB,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln • School.
. Telephone South 80.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
et 1C23 Polk St.: open till 9 p. m.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
O2r>UEABXYKT. Established
In 1 S3* for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
dlaease rearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
C'nr*«|rn»r»jßl*rfl. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. *'. tiIBItOA, Box 1997. 5aa Francisco.
Chutes.
Blanche Le Claire Sloan, the Intrepid
sister of the famous "Tod," gave a grace
ful and daring performance on the flying
rings at the Chutes theater last evening,
and Major Mite amused the large audi
ence with Hebrew and Irish imitations,
concluding with r Hebrew Cakewalk. Rob
ert Smilax and company and their com
edy bulldog gave a unique act. and the
rest of the programme was thoroughly en
tertaining. The Constantinople minstrels
will be repeated .for the last time on
Thursday night, and on Saturday evening
another cakewalk will be given.
THE Oaks. 11$ Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TEH A MA. C»— Furnished rooms to let; by the
week or month.
POLK, 1012— Sunny alcove room, 13; pleasant
room, ?7.
ROSEDALE. «21 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
tic a night: SI a week; transient.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to II CO; week. 12 to
%%: month. M to 130; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot end cold water; baths.
O'FARRELL. 1027-Sunry room, suitable for 1
or 2
Symphony Concert Thursday.
The musical event of the week wlll.be
the second of the series of symphony con
certs under the direction of Henry Holmes
to be given at the Grand Opera House on
Thursday afternoon at 3:lo. Mr. Holmes
has been carefully rehearsing the orches
tra which is Increased to seventy pieces
for this occasion, and he has prepared an
unusually attractive programme. It in
cludes the unfinished symphony of Schu
bert Beethoven's symphony, "Erolca,"
"Les Aburcerrages," overture by Cheru
blnl and the "Romeo and Juliet" fantasia
of Tschalkowsky. The demand for seats
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s is very large.
O'FARRELL, ?•>— Funny furnished rooms and
offices: "t •» /••*«r ¦ 'l»ctrie lights: day. wk.. mo.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. Jl per week: transient.
I JL^*r*«A _ "" ~ \COPYAI4MT "
HE SEES HIS FINISH
and notes the difference between that
laid on by our perfect methods and
what he receives from others who have
not made an art of their work as we
have. Don't bother with second-class
laundries and have your fabrics rotted
by chemicals and your linen frayed,
when you will receive perfect satisfac-
tion at the U. S. Laundry.
United States Laundry, Offloa
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
HAVES. 671— Nice furnished rooms with or
without board In private family; for young
man or lady. _^_^____
HOWARD. »f3B— Clean, respectable; 25c-$l per
night; Jl-J3 per week; Howard cars to door.
GROVE. 845— Nloely furnished rooms with or
without board; private family.-
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: Jl 10 to $6 per week.
DIED.
Abrams, David MoNamaxa Catherine
Best, John McQuoid, Margaret
Brandes, Anna W. C. Mahony, Thomas ¦
Bruce. Elisabeth Miller, Mrs. Sarah
De la Rue, Henry F. Moore. Mrs. May
Cason, Cornelia Morris. Martin H.
Chllfls, Mary A. Mulqueeney, Dennis
Cohn, Pauline , Newell. Margaret
Paly, Dennis J. Noel, Elizabeth
Derham, P. J. O' Brleiy Margaret
Eggers, Minna V. Olsson/Clara
Gaffney. John Poole, CaDt. David
Gleeson, Joseph N. Ralston (Infant)
Hooper. Martha S. Steele. Lieut. Jas. R,
Jones. William P. Snyder, Charles
Koppy William. Weir, Capt. James
Lem. John H. Williamson, Mary L.
Lrfjver, Charles Winters, Louis O.
McLeod. William
ABRAMS— In this city, January 28, 1900, David
Abrams, beloved father of Mrs. Edward Gold-
smith. Mrs. S. Moral, Mrs. Leon Nordman
and Joseph D., Gus D., Henry M. and Clara
M. Abrams, a native of Westphalia, Ger-
many, aged 79 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery' stre«ts.
where services will be held under the aus-
¦ pices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120, F. and A. M
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery by. 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
BEST— In this city, January 29, 1900, at his
residence. 118 Albion avenue. John, beloved
husband of Margaret Best, and brother-in-law
of Edward, Lawrence and William Murphy
and Mrs. W. O. Smith of San Rafael, a na-
tive of Younrstown. Ohio, aged S3 years and
1 month.
BRANDES-In this city, January 28. 1900, Miss
Anna W. C. Brandes, beloved daughter of
. Mrs. Johanna Brandes, and sister of August
R. F. and Charles Brandes of Oakland a
native of Germany, aged 23 years 7 months
. and 6 days.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 418 Minna street, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to the German Lutheran St
Paulus Church, Howard street, near Tenth
where services will be held, thence to Klev-
enth and Harrison streets to electric car at
2:30 o'clock to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en culte or single. MISS. H. HYER.
MARRIED.
GRAF— THUMLER— In this city, January 27
1900. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Frederick
Graf and Emma Thumler.
PEDEN— WESSENBERG— In this city Janu-
ary 24, 1900, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Wil-
liam J. Peden nnd Alma Wessenberg:.
REBURN— DAHL— In Oakland, January 25
IJCO. George W. Reburn and Elizabeth J
Dahl. both of Oakland.
IICiL ISTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
fZV*— Octavia et.. near Broafiway; 2-story
recideno* cf 8 roots* and bath; lot 25x127:6;
rents |45.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
Eatlr* block, bounded by Folsoin st.. Treat
aye.. 12th ar.d 14th sts., being offered In sub-
divisions. Call at office and get diagram; }1100
aud urwerd.
A BARGAIN IN RICHMOND.
$ii, WO— Half block In Richmond district;
fronting on Point Loboa aye.; graded and street
•work partly <Sen«.
AN OFFER WANTED.
»X»o— CaHforr.ia. St., near Van Ness are.; t^wd
eouaee of 7 rooms aad bath: lot 20x127:6.
J%o»— Trtana st., near Tfclrd; 8 tenements;
rer.f* J7«; lot 2>xBo.
MISSION-STREET CORNER.
525.000 — Mission rt.. near Second; 61:8x73:6.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
528.000 — Choice jiiece of business property
corth of Market et. and ¦within 4 blocks of
Powell and Ed<!y; Improvements consist of
rlores ar,d Io<l«lsg-fcouse fcbove of 25 rooms;
rent t '-¦'-
-^L- ; "'* CORNER LOT.
!>**— Sacramento St., between Laguna and
Buchasaa; 40x127 :S%. •
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
ELEGANT sunny room In exchange for the
coaching of 1 children with their school les-
sons. Box 1142. Call office.
California 1 imited
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
- This Is Che quickest running? and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cowsbctino Tkain Leaves Sa* Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.iT In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves Saa Francisco at 5:30
FYDDFtc. p- m. with Palace and Tourist
>T • r8 cars {or Kansas City, St. Lotus,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalla, Tnlare nn*n
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•FDKf*n Market Street, Phone Main
TKOIU iuur<( 1531: Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way: Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 1593.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
' WEEK DAYS— *7:00. *9:30. 11:00 a. O.; "IMS.
•3:40. 5:15. 6:0*). 8:30 D. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at !>:00 and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:o<>. # 10: CO, ni:3o a, m.; »l:iS.
1:15,- M:43. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. •C:35. 7:43. •9:40 a. m.;
•12:30. 2:15, •%:¥>. »3:13 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 n. m.
SUNDAYS — 8.2 D. *H:00. •10:00. 11:45 a. m.;
*l:4fl. •3:15. 4:45. •«::» r>. m.
Trains marSeti (•> wtart from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— .',:4;. 6:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m, ;
12:?~>. 2:35. 3:4:;. S:2O p. m..
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays ana
Saturdays nt 7:<vt ami 10:20 o. m.
SUNDAYS— B:O3. 10:C3 a. m. ; 12:05. 2:15, J:3O.
5:00. 6:45 V- m.
• • THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Caxadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
3;COa. m. Sundays— Tomales aad way statics*.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
CARROLL— In this city, January 23, 1300, to
the wife of Grant F. Carroll, a son.
NELSON— In this city, January 27, 1500, to the
wife of R. A. Nelson, a daughter.
PEISER— In this city, January 24. 1900, to the
wife of Solomon Peiser, a daughter. ¦
POOLE— In this city, January 23. 1900, to the
wife of Edward N. Poole. a son.
RAINEY— In South San Francisco, January 23,
1900, to the wife of Samuel G. Rainey, a
daughter.
PARALYSIS:
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
6CROFULA. ECZEMA; SKIN DISEASES:
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all ethers have failed.
NO DRUGS' NO KNIFE!
TMfTerent from any other treatment.
\\ rite for referer.<-*n. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. BTRATTON. 507. 5.(8 and 50», P*r-
ro^t . building. (Over the Emporium.)
DIl r. C. O- DON NELL— Office and residence.
IC2IH Market «.. Jet. Flxth and Seventh.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich In tone, easy to
wcrk: low price; cample dczen 4x5 and devel-
cp«r reaMed 25c. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ets.; open until 9 p. m.
VAN NESS. 402—3 well furnished connecting
sunny rooms; stationary tub?; yard.
WHIPPED IN A ROUND.
McPartland, Knocked Out by Mat
thews Early in the Game.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— A right-hand
lead landing fairly on the Jaw knocked
Kid McPartland down and out in the
first of what was to have been a twenty
round bout at catch weights to-night at
the Hercules Athletic Club in Brooklyn.
Matty Matthews was the Kid's adversary,
and Matty was the man who landed the
knockout blow. There was nothing to.it
up to the moment that Matty sent his
right to the mark. Both men were in
splendid condition and weighed about 140
pounds .each.
The men started in with a speed which
looked to be too fast to last. McPartland
bored in and rushed his man, using both
hands. His landing with the right on
Matthews' wind was a surprise to every
body as McPartland had always been
classed as a left-hand fighter. His new
tactics, however, failed to avail him to
any extent, as -he ran into. a straight
right-hand smash on the jaw which
knocked him down and out.
One Winning Favorite.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 29.— Moncreith.
who won in. a finely drawn finish in the
last race, was the only successful favorite
to-day. The weather was cold and clear
and tho track fast. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Zanetta won. Colonel
Cassldy second. Tbbe Payne third. Time, 1:25%.
Six furlongs, handicap — Fleuron won, Sidney
Lucks second, Kindred third. Time, 1:15V4.
One and an eighth miles, jelling— Pyrldlas
won. King Elkwood second, Jennie F third.
Time, 1:56.
One mile, handicap— Andes won, Koenig sec
ond, Tom Mlddleton third. Time. 1:41.
One mile and twenty yards, selling— Bright
Night won. Cathedral second, Jo« Doughty
third. Time. 1:43%. . •
One and on eighth miles, selling— Moncrelth,
won. Can I See r Em second. Topgallant third.
Time. 1:57. .
Connolly and Daly Draw.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. 29.— Before the
Olympic Athletic Club to-night Eddie
Connolly of St. John, N. 8., and Jack
Daly of Wilmington, Del., fought a twen
ty-round draw. The men boxed cautious
ly and coolly, neither showing the effects
of blows until the fifteenth round, when
Connolly, hitting In clinches, had Daly's
eyes in mourning and his face covered
with blood. Connolly was aggressive and
very strong, but Daly cleverly blocked his
rushes and landed many clean blows on
the face and ribs. Daly grew stronger
toward the . close and did more than his
share of the forcing. The honors were go
evenly balanced that the referee called
the contest a draw.
Parker Knocks Out Boyle.
DENVER, Jan. 29.— "Kid" Parker of
Denver knocked out "Kid". Boyle of Chl
caeo to-nißht In the fifth round of what
was to have been a ten-round go before
the Colorado Athletic Association. Boyle
made a much better showing in'the-flm
four rounds than local sports looked for.
IVY aye., 223, near Frar.klln — Two nice sunny
rooms; stove, sink, closet, yard; $9; quiet.
MISSION, 1119— Housekeeping rooms; front, $10;
tiip, $6 monthly.
LEADING theatrical and m&fquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market St.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Monday, January 23.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. 36 hours from Eu
reka, bound south; put in to land passengers.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 62'-i hours from
Grays Harbor. .;. ¦
Stmr San Bias. Russell. 19 days 8 hours 42
minutes from Panama and way ports.
Ger stmr Volumnta, Petersen, 105 days from
Hamburg, etc.
OCBAN STEAMERS
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Ems,
from New York, for Genoa and Naples.
MANILA— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Port Stevens,
for Seattle. . _^- ¦
HOWARD. 643 — One large furnished /ront room
for housekeeping.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 100 rooms;
*: to tl 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
tree 'bue and baggage to and from the ferry-
HARRISON. 731— Front, back parlor: furnished
complete for .housekeeping; large yard; $13.
A FINE suit to or<W $10 75, or pants $3 75; our
cpedalty In remnants cllows us to cell
<i.caper than ready mede. L. LEMOS.
1117 Market «... bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; ES2 Kearny. near Sacto;
*!eo 1644 Market St.. under Et. Nicholas.
OAKLAND H'RXITURE FOR SALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furalture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
LETJERER'S Quintocica hair tonic cleanses
the scalp end Fives a Enfgloss to the hair,
Jsc bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
PAYING grocery Etore; doing a fine buslne6s;
grain and coal: good reason for. selling. E. E.
BUNCE SOS Broadway. Oakland.
THERE is being organized a Heald's Busi-
ness College Night School and Stenographic
" Speed Club for fctenograjshers and others who
wish to Increase their speed In shorthand.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, irlv«s you
the very latest hair styles, 25c only; uses
Scbef Sir's Colortne, as It restores the hair to
r.aturai color. 75c box. 123 Stockton et.
PniVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAX. 357 Jessie St.
$75 CASH: $10 monthly; cottage of 3 rooms;
good well of water: 3 fine lots all fenced;
near 3 electric car lines; fine schoolhouse and
90- foot boulevard; soil, view and climate the
very best; no fogs nor cold winds; Allendale
Tract, adjoining East Oakland; price all
told $650; call or send for circular, 455 Sev-
enth st., Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
IS NOT A LADY.
PERSOXALS.
LEADING lady an 4 character woman for big
arr:ateur production. Address box 358. Call.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
PAIITXERS WAXTED.
FARTrOFB wasted by aa exjxrt ladles' tailor
•si cutter; must have esiall capital. Box
WX Call office.
PAXMISTRr.
ifMTS. Neergaxrd (pupil cf Count St. Germain),
C« Geary: 1 to C p. m. : by mall. $1; classes.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gaage).
(Third and Tovrnsoml 3ta.)
LARGE «tore, tS feet deep. 14 feet high; busi-
ness location; 2 living rooms. 151 Second st.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN • HOTEL
J W Ellis, Seattle
J Mclnerney. Vallejo
C M Johnson. San Jose
Mn Brown, Madera
R W Gates. Fresno
A J Anderson. Benida
F Campbell, Reno
C C Estes & w, R Biff
J E Williams, Sanger
E Williams, Sanger
J Dickson. Sacto
L E Goir, Sacto
J C Ross, Oakdalt
C F McCarthy, L Ang
D L Malpney, Los Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
C Schmidt. Nev City
W Magulre, Dutch Fit
D Smyth & w, Ogden
O C McMullen. Sacto
C A Bildennan. S Hlna
B W Lewla, Stockton
E Oppenhelm, Florin
S Dannenbaum, Vallej
J J Davis. S Monica
T E Clark, Visalla
W D Young. Ingram
Mrs Young, Ingram
J Wlckersham, Portlnd
W Beharrell, Portland
E E Evans. Vancouvr
G Butterworth. Seattle
D C Mitchell. Cal
W H Brogen, Spokane
W H Bogle. Seattle
M A Jones, Portland
W N Rohrer, RresSno
E B Goguty, Denver
G A Adams, San Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
G W Colburn. N V
J D Newman, N V
Mrs J D Newman. N V
F Jewel. Alameda
Papinta, Concord, Cal
D Ray, Salt Lake
Mr Lynch. Vancouver
Mrs Lynch. Vancouvr
C L Jorkel, Vancouvr
H B Wood, San Jose
W T Genge, Sacto
A L Beebe. Portland
E A Wilson, San Jose
Mrs G Phillips. Bostn
A Cameron. Vancouvr
W MacDavis, Winpg
R W Perry, Reno
O J Smith, Reno
A Vlemay, Vallejo
F McCullough. Los A
Mrs McCullough. L A
H S Dewey. N V
E F Lamb, London
W Phillips, Toronto
J C Eaton, Toronto
A Thayer, N V
S G Wlllets. N V
A Dallman. N V
H J Barlow, San Jose
W E Lindsay, Carson
W Willis, Placerville
W H Gibson & w, N V
J H Dockweiler. Frsno
A Shields. London
P M Baumgarten. Cal
W B Hays, Stanford
H H Hunter, San Jose
D A Smyth & w, Ogdn
J Cusalck.w&c. Chico
H L Nelson, S Rosa
A L Hobbs, F ssno
D Welssenberger. N V
F J Devine & w.Oakld
W Gregory, Winters
Dr W George, Antloch,
Dr Cutler. Richmond
A A Smallfleld. Stockn.
E A Messerve, L Angf
J B Sex & w, S Jose
W B C Connor. Stocktn
F A Spencer, Portland
Mrs Spencer, Portland
Mrs W Gates, Detroit
Mrs E Laney. Portlnd
D Melone, Oakdale
F C Cherry, Ban L O
Mrs Cherry, San L O
J W Minturn, Mlntrn
W H Romalne. N V
C W Carey. Wichita
J J Carey. Wichita
T F Mersey. Portland
Clara E Money. Prtld
G E Shaw Portland
J Hatch. San Jose
A Hedstowy. Chicago
S D Martin, Butte.Mnt
L Thefelder. N V .
E W Scott, Chicago
Mrs E Scott, Chicago
H Gracy, N V
W B Coffey, Tacoma
W W Treat. Boston
S D Doyle, Seattle
F Dickers, N V
Mrs Dickers. N V
R Watsorf, Stanford
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
TO-PAY we offer a fine Gibson for $200. Decker
t& B.to *f>r JT'<o and other bargains equally
good. MATTVAIP'. :O Market st.
Ai;srj w .L'TELT the eldest ar.d largest house
west cf Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
I*. IS ar.J 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
acd prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing pcsalble don* to pleas* and satisfy the
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market St., opp.' Kearny.
$137,500.
Stores and offices; near Whit* House; I
frontages; rents $S*s net.
- $100,000. ¦ •-•
Ellls-st. corner: 60x127; stores and 70 rooms;
will pay 7 per cent net.
$55,000. -. .
Near Stockton and O'Farrell: 36-foot front;
4-story brick; stores and 3S rooms above.
$27,500.
Near Eddy and Jones; store and 26 rooms
above; modern; pays 7 per cent net.
$24,000.
Sixth st.; 76 feet front: 4 stores; rents $200.
$22,500:
Third st.; about 325 ft. from Market; store
and lodjtlng-howe above.
$21,000.
Mission »t.. near Third; lot 40xt2; best bar-
gain on Mission, st. to-day.
$7650.
6 fine fiats: rent $S6O yearly; downtown; lot
B0 ft. frontage.
$6000.
Poet St.; S good fiats; rents $60; lot 27x110 ft.
tssoo.
Lot ICCxICO feet, and cozy modern residence;
fine stable; warm belt of the Mission.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market at.
IIGOO— WILL absolutely sacrifice my new bay-
window cottage; 5 large'rooms, reception hall,
coved ceilinirs, tiling, china and other clos-
ets: all known improvements and conveni-
ences ; built positively by day's work for my
home, but circumstances compel an Immediate
rale; email Ilrst payment and $10 monthly;
title perfect; not a dollar mortgage or lncum-
brance; convenient to .29th and Mission sts.
Apply P- A. DOLAN, 632 Market St.. or
owner. 1?23 Cortland aye.
$6DOO— TWO houses, 4 lots, barn, granary, grist
mill an-i ether business paying large for In-
vestment: this In a prosperous country town
near the city and la a bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN* 4; CO.. 777H Market ft.
FOR tale, cheap— New 2-etory houses, 7 rooms;
latest Improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castrr>-«t. cars; patent sidewalk.
COTTAGE 11600; Jersey st., near 24th: good
r.rlfr GKO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Montgomery et.
ItBAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
12.19 ACHES level candy loam soil; 2tt acres
vineyard: 5 acres choice bearing orchard;
2500 strawberry plants: half an acre In small
fruits and vines; small old' house and bam:
obundant natural spring water; an Ideal fruit
and poultry ranch for $1300. J. W. HORN.
(=l2 Main St., Petaluma.
FOOTHILL ranch to lease or for sale: six
miles from Napa; 240 acres; house, barn,
etc. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., real estate
agents. C3O Market st.
SMALL ranch of 6 acres; level; near San Me-
teo; suitable for chicken ranch; good soil; Im-
provements; use of adjacent land. Address
207 Church et.. near Market.
EANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farming and
stock lands; owner's sale In tracts of 6 to 500
acres: easy terms, or will exchange for San
Franc:«co property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and O. C. VACHELL. 20 Montgomery
it., between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. dally.
MILLBRAE lets and block*: fenced; water
wcrkn. BUTTEKFIELD. 9?7 Market st.
TES. $3 per acre up: farm list; free fare. M.
GRIFFEN. 71? Market st. rear Call building.
J :
ikkdi* 1 nit <uL>t:Kb:i:i't.\G.
CHESTNUT. :S3 — Furnished housekeeping
rooms with bath.
CLAfSIKIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore st.
I EIGHTH. 348, near Market— One large sunny
I furnlfhed room, with kitchen If desired.
ELLIS. 639. cor. Larkin— Sunny: furnished: bay
I window; mantel; double folding-bed; Wels-
| bach light. •
I FIFTH. 221— Neatly furr^ehed rooms, house-
: keeping: also others; all tunny.
! FIFTH. 34S — Suite of rooms furnished for
I housekeeping; rent cheap.
j FOLSOM, 123— Large bay-window room for
I housekeeping: rent $8.
WANTED— 2 or S nl.e furnished rooms for
light housekeeping for man and wife; central;
give particulars and price. Box 76U, Call.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can l>e exchanged for a fitelnway
wlthlu three years and have fall purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos acr 16 per month, and pome good pianos
for «3.' J4 and 15 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY * CO.. Stetnway Dealer*, cor. Kearny
•nd Putter rr.. Han Franci*co; cor. Thir-
teenth and Oakland.
Telegraph avenue and Fifty-second street,
Mary Laura, beloved daughter of Frances
A. and the late General J. R. Williamson. *
native of Austin, Nev., aged 21 years and
7 months.
ETlnterment at Austin. Nev.
WINTERS— In this city. January JS, 1900, Louis
0.. Winters, beloved husband of the late Marie
Winters, father of Marie L. Winters, son of
Charles Winters, and brother of Mrs. Hen-
riette Fried. F. C. Winters and Mrs. Clara
Horstmeyer, a native of New York City, aged
31 years. A member of Verein Eintracht. •
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his father. 331 Sanchez street, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
TO the officers and members of Coart Eucllean
No. 13, F. of A. : You are resnectf ully re-
quested to assemble at your hall. Alcazar
building, this day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock,
- for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother, Louis O. Winters, from the
residence of his father, 331 Sanchez street, be-
tween Sixteenth And Seventeenth, at 2 o'clock.
Fines strictly enforced.
L. K. HAGENKAMP. Fin. Seo.
CAUD Or THANKS.
The parents and family of the late Louis
E. Westphal take this method of publicly
acknowledging our obligations and tender-
Ing our sincere thanks to our many friends
and acquaintances and the officers and com-
rades of the late Company D, First Califor-
nia Volunteer Infantry, for their presence and
evidences of their sympathy and loyalty to a
fallen comrade; also to the Rev. E. O. Math-
ena. D.D., of the Olivet Presbyterian Church,
for his touching address and the manner in
which he conducted the sen-Ices, both at the
church and at the cemetery; the Olivet choir
for their comforting music, and the firm of
H. F. Buhr & Co. for the courtesy and pains-
taking manner to make the funeral worthy
of one who lost his life in the defense of his
country.
LOUIE WESTPHAL (father), ELIZA
WESTPHAL (mother), ERNEST and AL-
BERT WESTPHAL (brothers), and META
WESTPHAL (sister). ¦ '¦•¦- '¦-:
ROOMS WANTED.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
MCSICAL IXSTUCMEXTS.
"THE RIVALS"
WELL DONE IN
DOUBLE SENSE
Bill of New Acts at the
Orpheum.
Shade of the Immortal Sheridan! I
thought that Mr. James played horse with
"The School for Scandal," but he playa
automobile with "The Rivals." His emen
dations are manifold and multiform; &ross
indignities perpetuated on the text which
give to the whole an up-to-date atmos
phere that has about It the scent of as
phalt and the suggestion of tap-room wit.
Sheridan's memory might not suffer so
much if it were left in the care of the
company, and Mr. James allowed to sin
in single cussedness, but almost all tha
characters take a hand in the abuses and
the work of vandalism is complete. What
in the name of literature did Richard
Brinsley Sheridan ever do that he should
be handed such a package?
James as Bob Acres, gags, stammers,
interjects monosyllables with and' without
sense, all to the end, I take it, thut ho
may please the disciples of bad taste who
prefer a type of the immediate moment
to a more becoming type of of the yester
tlme, in which the play was writ.
The performance, however, in spite of
these attempts upon the idiom, is agree
able and In some respects it is the best
work that has' been done during the en
gagement. The mask of comedy worn
by Louis James is set in a grimace too
exaggerated to be pleasing. It does not
smile, but leers.
Some others in the cast are much more
pleasing. Mr. Langdon's Sir Anthony
Absolute is a pair with his Sir Peter Tea
zle. C? these two good parts of hia, the
former is the better. He has an intelli
gent grasp on the comedy of his role and
enlivens it with much spirit. Miss Kid
der'a Lydla is taking in its simplicty. It
is her first essay in comedy that strikes a
true note. There is no attempt at the
archness by which she usually rails, and
she is content to be natural without that
giddiness that so ill becomes her.
Mr. Hanford was a surprise. After his
vapid Joseph Surface, his William Jen
nings Bryan version of Macduff and his
idiotic lago, it was refreshing to see him
act the part of Captain Absolute with in
telligence and* a considerable comedy In
stinct. The Sir Lucius O Trigger of Barry
Johnstono was creditable, and the rest
of the company, with the exception of
the over-conscious Mr. Hackett, conduct
ed themselves admirably.
PORTER GARNETT.
Orpheum.
The Orpheura programme this week Is
replete with novelty and all the numbers
are of the highest class. James O. Bar
rows, «with Miss Florence Wllberham,
Brandon Mitchell and John Lancaster,
presented a clever drama, reminiscent of
the war. Edna Bassett Marshall and a
trio of clever youngsters made a hit. One
of the three children is a marvel of a
dancer, while the boys shine as acrobats.
The Sohlkes; novelty dances, introduced
five dusky Aguinaldos, clad only in
breechcloths and palm leaves. Papinta.
as usual, danced in the midst of the most
gorgeous color effects. Irene Franklin,
the singer, was recalled frequently, while
the orchestra, under Director Rosner,
was asked to repeat "I'd Leave My Hap
fiy Home for You" several times, the gal
ery contributing the chorus. Bruet and
Reviere, French mimics, were especially
successful in a cat duet. A trio of ath
letes performed on an invisible wire and
two of them closed the programme with
Borne feats on a ladder..
Grand Opera-House.
The tuneful comic opera "Boccaccio,"
by Franz yon Suppe, was the attraction
at the Grand Opera-house last night. It
proved as delightful and successful as on
its former presentation. William Wolff,
Winfred Goff and Arthur Wooley kept the
1 large audience convulsed with laughter
, and the solos by Edith Mason, Olive Vail.
Kate O'Niel. Georgie Cooper and Bessie
Fairburn had to be repeated. The
choruses were well rendered and the
cooper's song and chorus had to be re
peated several times.
California.
The Tabasco comedy, as the Califor
nia management has "In Paradise"
billed, seems to be to the taste of that
theater's patrons. The second week
opened last evening to a crowded house
and the Indications are that the play,
which runs until the end of the week, will
continue to please.
Alhambra.
A good audience and a tickled one at
tended the production of "His Better
Half" last night in the Alhambra. The
farce is simply a vehicle to carry the va
rious specialties of the company, some of
which are good, notably Charles Boyle's
burlesque of Sousa and the illustrated
story songs by Burt Gagnon. The per
formance would be improved by cutting
the farce as much as possible and adding
to the specialties.
The third week of "The Idol's Eye," at
the Tlvoll Opera-house, opened last night.
The jokes and situations were received
with applause and many of the musical
numbers were demanded over and over
again. The opera will continue in the bill
for some time.
Alcazar.
The Alcazar revived Sol Smith Russell's
pastoral play, "Peaceful Valley," last
night. It proved to be as great a success
as it was on its first presentation at the
Alcazar, and the principal actors received
a number of well earned recalls. "Peace
ful Valley" will run all this week and will
be succeeded by "Friends," in which Miss
Mary Hampton will make her appearance.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1900.
sot'TiiMo r«.«'iri<; conrAiii.
(r*cirio htstssO
Tralu l»»if »»«•• nro tin* «• nrrlvw ••
*.».>¦ >'i:t\(ititi.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
tiATB — Pitou Dscxußca 1% 1339. — Assrra
WANTED— Three unfurnished rooms; no
housekeeping: centrally located; adults. Ap-
ply WILLIAM MUND. 226 Ellis st. _l
SPECIAL NOTICES. : .
SAN Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety—Many cases of diphtheria and scarlet
fevrr bpfng reported In the city. It has been
decided to admit no visitors cr friends of the
children at the San Francisco Protestant Or-
phan Asylum for the present. The health cf
the children at the Institution Is excellent
and this precaution Is to keep it so. By order
of the president.
M. P. MacCRELLISH. Secretary.
LADlES— Chlehester's English Pennyroyal Pllli
ere the best; cafe, reliable; take no other;
tend 4c etamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies," in letter by return ruail: at drug-
gifts. Chlcherter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened.' $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 819 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for U: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
418 Montromery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. BSW.
BEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL. kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: re-
pairing at lowest rates. tOS Fourth st.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage nnd Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post nt.. ror. Powell: tel. Main 571S
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
•7jOOa Benida. Saisnn, Elmirs. VaeavfUet
RoisjeyjuMl Sacramento *?:43p
•?¦••* Shasta F.Tpn <n— D-vtis, Willows,
Reil Blutf, Pcrtlard *t:*&T
•7i3A& Martinez. .Son r.ar.icn. Vallejo. Napa.
Calistrga and .Santa Cosa ••ilsp
•9:30 a The Overland Li Hretl— Oedeo. Den-
»er. Omaha. Chicago * a > O*
•».*»* Sau Jcme. LlTenaore. Stockton,
lone, Hacramrntn. Plae rrLl*.
Miirfsiill*. Chico. Ke.l Uliitf M:I5»
•Ns3lt\ •Miiton.Oakil.-iloaud Hoaora •Jrl.'ir
•&:O«a Haywartls. Niltsard Way Stations. »1 1:13*
•»:O»a Dsris, Woodland. Kni&hu Landing.
AlaxrsTfi'.e, «>roti.lc, -. *7i43»
•0:00* Atlactio Kxpresa— Ojdeu and East •0:45*
•0:0Oa Martlnex, Tr>cy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Mcrc>«UEil*re«no MailS*
•!I:o<»a Pert Costa, litsijo. Mujaie aiid I«s
-¦ • ADgelci # «:-llp
M«:Oi)i Vallojo. Martinez and Way Station j *6: 1.".*
•1 1 :OO \ llarwarda. Kiles ar.l Way Stations. »3: »3#
•I '4:00m 2JIK3. Litermo.-?, HtocktoD, Karra-
b -uU\ Mcndota, llam'ord. Viialia,
rciteriille MjIM
tl:«Wp Sscraraento Hirer Slctnim t*sOOr
•3:OOp narwarda. Nilcs and Way StaUors. *3«43»
•4:« Or Mftrtluer. Mr.;, Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa. Caliatnga. riaiutit Uosa *Uil"la
•4iO«r Bentcia, Vacavitlp, tiacraincnto,
Woo<Uand. Kni.ht.i Landing.
Mansrllle. Oro?li:« •l«:4!»*
•4«80» KUes. Han Jow and Stockton »7i13»
•B:«Or Th<> Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakera&eUl. &augna fcr aanta Bar-
bara, I.rs Angelea. Mftt43A
#3:00r Eacset LirciteU— El Paso. Xew Or-
leans and East «1»j«13a
•SjaOp Stockton. Merced. Fresno •12:13*
•3:30P Fresno, lU!ieri:n.M. KanU IVirl.ar*.
Lcs Acccles. Dcniisg; £1 Paso,
New Orleans aud East Mill a
•3i3Op Ssuta Vo Koiite— Atlantic Eiprsts
for Mojaia ami IJut MiHf
•8:©Op Hajwarda, XllesandSan Jose # 7it"k*
teinnr Vallejo .*. •I2il.Tr
•O:3«»r Oriental Mai'.-Ogilen and East ..... •Ss.'VOp
ITsOOr Vallrio, Toil Coita and Way cita-
tion*. JOss3*
•BiO3p Oregon and California Rxpresn.Hac-
lamentit. Marysville. tte<\tllug.
- ? . PnrtlaiKl. Tusff. Houmt and Kuwl »Wilst
A HOME— Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will nnd you one. A. R. DENKE 9r.,
1400 Webster rt.. AJameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
•UjlSa N«waik,C'enteriiile.S»n.Jos«,l>lwn.
ISoalder Creek. ti%u t» Cruz a tut Way
Stations •8i»«»
\9tl9r Newark. Cententlle. Nan Jess, New
AlmaaeD, Feltoo, Itonlder Creek,
Banta Cras and Vrindpal Way
Stations fl»i»9»
•4ilSp Newark, San Jose. Los Gatos. *5:204
IllilSp Hnnten' Kxcursicn, San Jose and
Way Stations t?B*<>
NEW 4-room cottage; polished floors, cove ceil-
ings and picture molding; stationary tubs; all
modern furnished; close in; 1850. Call or ad-
dress 2137 Dwight way. Berkeley. ?
FOR sale— 4-room house; Delaware St., near
narrow-gauge railroad, Berkeley; only occu-
pied a short time.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
ma sift micisca— root «r Muzn siniusiu «)—
•7:15 9:00 11 COi.u. {1:03 *2:53 13.C3
•»:C3 tS:OQ •B:S3rn.
rnoOilUiO— foil •fßn.dn.r.— -0:00 8:00 10:W4.n.
«2:C3 '1:03 U:C3 «3:C3 U=C3 'ICCf.U.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— yOS BROADWAY
FOR sale In Oakland— Eight-room residence,
modernized and complete in every detail; lot
50x109; Alice St.. near 13th: best residence
neighborhood In Oakland: 3 minutes from
Narrow Gauge depot; attractive price; month-
ly payments if desired.
HERON & HOLCOMB,
1060 Broadway, Oakland.
77-78 Crocker building, San Francisco.
t«:l O*. Ocean View. South ban Francisco.. t«:aor
*7iOO* Ban Jose ami Way Statlnus (New -
Almiulon Wednesdays only) •li»U»
• 9iOOa Ban Jose. Ties l'iuos. HmiU Crux.
' Padllo Urofsu I'oso llobles. San
,» I.nis Ol>l3t<o, Bnxf, Lompoo and
Prluclpal Way Statlous Mil»»
•ICKIO4 ganJosoaaJ Way 5tati0n5.. ....... *6iB3*
•lIiSOa Ban Jose and Way Stations *3<3ov
?•iilSrßan Matro, Redwood, Menlo Faik.
' Palo Alto. Banta Clara, Ban Job.
, Trw Finos, .Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey and I'aciilo GroTe 11OiS«&
' »3>S*r Baa Jose and Way Htatlons *7:30*
flilSr San Joseaud Principal Way Stations *O:-I3*
tS:OOp San Jose aod Principal Way Stations ?»:O4»*
*3:30p 8»u Jom au<l Principal Way Stations *9:S3*
•U::tOr Pan JoaoanU Way Station* ?**:«(>*
>Ht4sp San Jose and Way Stations *7»3O»
LOT in San Francisco trade for carpenter
work. E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
HARRIET, 3, off Howard. nr. Sixth— Two
furnished rooms for housekeeping; water and
garden; cheap.
HOWARD. 1324— Large front room and kitchen,
furnished complete for housekeeping.
? for Morning P tor Afternoon.
* Daily. t HumUy exeepted. J Sunday only.
b Saturday < t.j.
¦MjSit*&%n and Fridays < Thursdays and BoncUtv
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCSO TO SAN RAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00, ll:C0 a, m. ; 13:53.
3:50. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. »:30. 11 a, m. ; 1:30, S:3O,
o:00. E:2O p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCSO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:1'). 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:10, 3:40, 6:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francl3co and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
DlVlDEND' Notice— Dividend No. 101 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St.. on and after Thurs-
day. February. 1, ISOO. Transfer books will
close on Friday. January 26. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tubFcriptions baa been established at 1036 Va-
lencia St.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John P. Maland. 29. city, and Emma J. Wld-
lund. 23, Healdsburg.
Arthur 0. -Casey, 21, 32 Second street, and
Katie F. McDonald. 24. 2223" Mission Ftreet.
Ralph Schwarts, 34, city, and Grace A. Gil-
more, 21. city.
John Giomettl. 25. 12 Union place, and Susie
Maikie, 16. 421H Filbert street.
Karl Scfculer, 45, Shlngletown. and Selma
Buck, 43, city.
J. Edward McGovern. 25, 2760 Golden Gate
avenue, and Rose Gardella, 1!, 11 Masonic ave-
nue.
Zachary T. Landes, 51, Patagonia, Ariz., and
Enr.a E. Webcter, 32. city.
Eugene Sullivan. 30, West Oakland, and An-
nie Conners. 28. 103 V, Seventh street.
David Klrby, 2S. 597 Fourth street, and Cath-
erine F. Carroll. 23, 5D7 Fourth street.
Joseph Glukfeld, 23, 80-5 Howard street, and
Ray Axelrod, 20, 1044 Golden Gate avenue.
William H. Shafer, 20, Downieville. and Hes-
ter M. Dever. 16, Forest City.
UOOMS TO LET — Fttrn. and Unlorn.
A^BRUNSWICK "hOUSe) 143 Sixth^Rooms
25c to II per night; tl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike bouse; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms 50c to SI 10 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 12 Second— nice new papered ' and reno-
vated front rooms: tl 00 to 12 50 a week.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Hush St.. ad-
Joining the Russ Hotel; S4 rooms; all prices.
BIRCH AYE., S2. near City Hall— Nice sunny
furnished front room for gentleman.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cltwerdale' for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah.for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierleys.
Bucknell's. ¦Sanhedrin Heights, HullvtUe, Orr*s
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal. Willlta, Laytonvlile, Cum-
mlngs's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer.
Scctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. SZO Market St.. Chronlcl* b!d£.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
BURNETT. 1428 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nithed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
eve.— Sunny comer: well furn.; rms. & offices.
RAILROAD TRAVEL 7"
MOUNT TAMALPfJIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.'
Week Days —9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trains. '
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 40.
SITES
11fused to discuss the matter or to affirm
or deny the Interview. During the course
of the" meeting of the board he told his
colleagues that he wanted to finish up
some routine business before he left
town. Afterward he said he had refer-
I ence to a trip to Los Angeles he would
I take Wednesday night.
The presumption is that Commissioner
! Thomas was correctly quoted, and that
not only does ne intend to resign, but
( will do so before Wednesday night; and,
: judging from the actions of his fellow
¦ Commissioners at the meeting, it seemed
•to be understood that no action will be
i taken to select a Chief of Police until
the Mayor shall act on Thomas" resigna-
I tion.
The petition in favor of Esola, headed
!in big black, "In Behalf of an Honest
I Man," was presented by Captain Harry
I Goodall. He said it was bona lide, as far
j as he knew, and contained 7650 names.
He referred to the late lamented "vindi
cation" of Esola and asked that the Com
! sioners consider that : absent-minded
j your.g man when they come to make their
i appointment. The petition was received
! and placed on file.
The Commissioners took similar action
; with a communication from M. D. Jack
! son of the Golden Gate Park police, who
asked that he be considered a candidate
! for Chief of Police; and of letters from
! Charles Lyman, U. S. A., and Philip J.
i Lawler, cashier of Bulkley, Henshaw &
j Co., recommending Captain John Spillane
i for the position. Numerous applications
; for places and promotions in the depart
j merit were read and filed.
The consideration of license matters
; took up the remainder of the session, the
I board rejecting a score of applications
j for restaurant licenses to saloon-keepers
; having private rooms fitted contrary to
! the ordinance. The secretary was in
j structed to notify such applicants to ap
: : pear to-night before the board. Applica
i tions for saloon licenses from several
| Chinese were rejected.
When the board adjourned to meet
! again to-night Commissioner Biggy went
j to Chinatown to consult the Chinese Con
: sul, and the other Commissioners went to
the Mayor's office, where they were clos
. eted for a short time before going on an
i unofficial visit to the Chinese quarter.
POLICE BOARD
DOES NOTHING
BUT ROUTINE
Fails to Name a New
Chief.
TWO HOURS IN OPEN SESSION.
COIOIISSIONEB. THOMAS WZLL
PKOBABLY RESIGN.
The Police Commissioners pat for two
hours last night in open session, but noth
ing they did would lead the public to be
lieve they had arrived any nearer to a
choice for Chief of Police than they were
a week ago. Once the backers of Esola,
alias Harrington, resorting to time-worn
devices, sought to force the issue by pre
senting a petition. The futility of this
move was so apparent that the members
of the board joined in an audible grin as
they waste-basketed the signatures and
sidetracked the designs of the pubiic en
emy. No other attempt was made during
the evening to force the question, which
seemed, by general consent of the board,
to be tabooed.
The demand of Jules J. Callundan, re
p'.gned. for $00 for services he never per
formed as patrolman, was rejected by the
beard.
The unanimity of the Commissioners on
a burning question was taken to Indicate
the truth of the rumor that Commissioner
Thomas Intends to resign, if he has not
already done so. He was quoted yester
day afternoon as having signified such in
tention.
"Is it not a fact. Mr. Thomas," he was
CLFkcd while at luncheon in the Palace
prill room, "that you have tendered to
Mayor Phelan your resignation as a mem
ber of the Police Commission?"
"I have told ¦ Mayor Phelan," he Is re
ported to have- replied, "of my Intention
to resign, and he asked me not to discuss
the matter. Really, I do not care to taJk
about it." •
"But, Mr. Thomas." his questioner per
sisted, "you have fully made up your mind
to leave the commission, have you not? "
"Yes." was the reply. "I have. I want
to get away from It all. I Intend to re
sign. There is no use trying to serve the
city."
Last night, before and after the meet-
Ing of the commission. Mr. Thomas re-
HONORED THE
PRESIDENT AT
BANQUET BOARD
Patriotic Bohemians
of America.
M'KINLEY'S NAME CHEERED.
CONGRESSMAN KAHN WHITES
OF THE STATE'S NEEDS.
Major General Shafter Accorded an
Ovation — Interesting Speeches
Delivered by Distinguished
Men — Those Present.
The Bohemians of America, a local pa
triotic organization composed of men of
every shade of political opinion, held Its
annual banquet last night In a downtown
rotisserie. The date was chosen In honor
of the anniversary of the birth of Presi
dent William J. McKinley. Seated around
a banquet board, gayly decorated with
flowers, flags and a life-sized picture of
the nation's chief executive, were the
members of the order and their invited
guests, among whom were Major General
William R. Shafter, Professor David Starr
Jordan, Hon. James A. Waymlre, Cap
tain W. H. Whiting, Hon. J. G. Maguire
and Mayor R. W. Snow of Oakland.
Throughout the evening an orchestra ren
dered patriotic and popular music, to
which the banqueters added their voices.
.At the conclusion of the repast F. D.
Brandon entered the field of poets to in
troduce the toastmaster, Henry I. Kowal
sky. The colonel was In his element in
that office, and his introductions of those
who addressed the gathering were filled
with glowing sentiments and lofty
periods. The mention of the President
was the signal for an enthusiastic out
burst, and his health was drunk in bump
ers or champagne. Every guest stood on
his feet and cbeered McKinley with all
possible fervor.
James A. Waymire was the first speaker
of the evening. He responded to the toast
"The President of the United States." Ha
traced the history of the Chief Executive
and extolled him for his statesmanship and
other virtues. When General Shafter
arose to respond to the toast, "The Army,"
he was accorded an ovation. The "hero
of Santiago" delivered an excellent speech,
in which he upheld his profession, told
of Its organization, Its career and Its nu
merous victories. His statement that the
nation had never suffered a defeat at the
hands of a foreign foe aroused great en
thusiasm. Dr. Jordan spoke on 'Our Uni
versities," a/id, as usual, the president of
Stanford University delivered an able ad
dress. He said he was willing to pit our
Institutions of learning against the whole
world. He gloried in the fact that it was
no longer Berkeley against Stanford or
Stanford against Berkeley, but two uni
versities against the world. His senti
ments were loudly applauded. The other
toasts responded to were: "The Navy,"
Captain W. H. Whiting; "Our Guests,"
Hon. T. J. Crowley; "California and Our
Sister States," Hon. J. G. Magulre; "Bo
hemians," Hon. John Hunt; "Our Munl
cipialities," Mayor R. W. Snow; "Our Or
der," Emmet Phillips, grand chief host;
"Our Country Members,'* Dr. H. B. Mehr
mann.
President McKinley, George H. Clarke,
General H. G. Otis and Hon. Julius Kahn
sent their regrets by letter and telegram.
Mr. Kahn. In his communication, stated
that he had received an invitation to re
spond to the toast, "California's Interests
in Congress, and How They Are Cared
For." Congressman Kahn regretted his
inability to be present, and therefore
transmitted a few of his thoughts In writ
ting. In part he said:
Among California*. Important Interests In the
present Congress are the laying of a Trans
pacific cable, the upbuilding of her merchant
marine, the early construction of the Nicaragua
canal, the holding of our possessions In the
Pacific Ocean, the maintenance of protection
to our ctrus fruit, beet sugar, wine, wool,
olive oil and other industries, and a large num
ber of measures of a purely local character.
One of the latter, a bill to enable the Navy De
partment to take the necessary steps prelim
inary to the construction of the new drydock
at Mare Island of concrete and stone Instead
of lumber, has already passed both houses of
Congress and Is now In the hands of the ex
ecutive for his approval. I am happy to state
that our entire delegation stands a solid pha
lanx for everything that'wlll help California.
The Interest of one part of our common
wealth is deemed the Interest of the entire
State V»y every member. There Is absolute
and complete harmony among us whenever and
wherever California's welfare Is concerned, and
the fact that the entire delegation Is practi
cally a unit on such matters lia3 already proven
a tower of strength In several Instances.
I deem It proper at this time to make a
statement, the truth of which has Impressed
me very forcibly ever since my visit to Wash
ington just about a year ago. I realized then,
and I realize now. the fact that our State un
fortunately does not wield the Influence which
her wealth, her geographical location, her po
sition in the Union, entitle h»»r to.
And I say unhesitatingly, after my observa
tions here, that this is largely due to the fact
that we are constantly making changes In our
delegation Ido not want to think lam thus
early making a bid to be returned— although
as I am among friends I may say that I shall
not be averse to re-election— but what I say In
this connection Is equally true of all States
that keep continually sending new men to Con-
Sr |e 3 ated at the banquet board wero the
following gentlemen:
Henry Ahlborn, Harry Baehr, A. C. Berthler,
F D Brandon^ W. H. Buffington. H. U Blen
fleld ' Henry Bredhoff. Charles Bliss. C. T.
Bush Frank Boscowitz. Henry Boyer. Judge
George H Bahrs. James T. Brannan. Hon. T.
J Crowley, W. F. Conolley, A. Calegarls, Cap
tain II Choynskl. A. Conn. Captain J. J. Cal
lundan' J. W. Carey, J. M. Creegan. J. Carroll,
Dr C E Curdts, Judge Daugherty, F. L. Dow,
1 Deutch Dr. G. A. Danzlger, D. A. Davis,
Joseph A. Doyle, E. E. Drake. XV. A. Dean«,
Charles Edelman, M. 8. Eisner. Eric Francis,
J A Flllmore, Isidore Golden, Chailes A.
Green Silas Green, Teter Gallagher, Hon. Ed
raond' Godchaux, Hon. John Hunt, Slgmund
Heller, Charles J. Harrington. S. O. Heyden
feldt. J M. Higgins, Grant Hammond, W. H.
Hennessy, S. C. Hodgklns. Dr. David Starr
Jordan, Henry I Kowalsky. A. E. .Kroenke,
Edward H. Kroenke. C. W. Kohl, Emlllo Laa
treto W H. L*vy. Judge W. P. Lawlor, Mor
ris Levy, I. XV. Lees. Rev. M. S. Levy. Dr.
Robert Lowry Jr., Hon. H. B. Mehrmann.
Adolph Meese, Dr. Josef I. Manson, A. XV.
Myer Fred Myrtle, A. A. Moore, J. Marcovlch.
J D Montgomery. George C. MoMullan, J. B.
Murphy Joseph Martin, T. F. McNamara. F.
X Mott, T A. Nerney, Joseph Newman, P.
CKane Grand Chief Host B. O. A. Emmet
Phillips. Charles H. Packer, Charles v pierce.
Dr. John Phillip, H. L. Rothchlld, William
Raffetto, George Reed, General William R.
Shatter Mayor Snow of Oakland, Judge
Smith. B. L. Schifr. A. M. Sutherland. H. P.
Smith, A. Schmullan. T. D. Sullivan, J.
Sperb. T. J. Stafford, Judge A. A. San
derson, John A. Sheehan, Homer Tourjel. E.
Turner. J. P. Taggert. A. A. Trueblood. H. O.
Vaugher, XV. E. yon Johansenn, Captain XV. H.
Whiting, Hon. James A. Waymlre. Max War
shauer, J. C. Williamson. Edward T. Walsh.
The officers of the organization are
T. J. Crowley, past grand chief host; Em
met Phillips, grand chief host: Miles Doody.
first assistant jrrand chief host: William F.
Conolley, grand recording host: H. J. Edwards,
grand host of exchequer; Emlllo Lastreto,
grand prior; J. T. Brannan. grand marshal: H.
C. Vandenberg, grand host of Inner gate: Hen
ry I. Kowalsgy. grand builder of hospltia; F.
D. Brandon, grand orator.
• Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. On. dose will stop
a. cough. Kever falls. Try It. All druggist*. •
Those Who Were Not.
Thoee. who. were not at ZJnkand's last week
missed a treat in more censes than one. •
Hackmen in Trouble.
The San Francisco hackmen who jour
ney Into San Mateo County with funwrals
have been met on the county line by a
deputy license collector who demands
that they pungle up $6 for the privilege of
driving into that county.
The demand was ignored by the metropol
itan Jehus, and as a result a bunch of six
drivers were arrested yesterday and taken
to Redwood City, where they were con
vinced of their error, and paid the license.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Susanna Willis from Alva H. Willis on
the. ground of desertion; Adelin L. Gor
man from John Gorman on the ground of
cruelty,' and Sadie Castellar from Harri
son Castellar on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Suits for divorce have been filed
by Leah Fruchter against H. F. Fruchter
for failure to provide; Robert Welspiel
against Nellie Welspiel for desertion, and
Ellen F. Nelll against Frederick NelH for
failure to provide:
If you travel, fish, hunt or ' play golf your
constant companion should be Jesse Moore.
Baden Station Bobbed.
The Southern Paciilc Railroad station at
Baden. San Mateo County, is minus $S5
in Its treasury. The loss of the money
and also an overcoat was noticed yester
day afternoon by Station-Keeper Barber
when he opened his money drawer at 4
o clock. The only clew to the robbery is
furnished by a hackman who gave a
tramp a ride while returning from the
cemeteries. On their arrival at Ocean
\ lew the tramp invited the hackman into
a saloon, where he produced a $20 piece
£. ,. t ,T 6ate(l all hands. In explanation of
his liberality the tramp said he had been
working for the Spring Valley Water
Company at Halfmoon Bay and- had been
paid off. Corporal Shanahan reported the
caee to Captain Gillln, who detailed De
tectives Fitzgerald and Graham on the
Captain Parsons Exonerated.
Captains Bolles and Bulger, United
States local Inspectors of steam vessels,
rendered an opinion yesterday in the case
of the wreck of the steamer Orizaba. and
exonerated Captain E. D. Parsons from
all blame. The Orizaba ran on a sunken
rock near Point Gorda, Cal., in a fog. on
December 27 of last year, while on her
way to Eureka. - ¦ .
Trebelli Recital.
Mile. Antoinette Trebelli will present the
following programme at her song recital
at- Sherman & Clay Hall this evening:
"Deh Vlani Non Tardar" (Le Nozze di
Figaro), Mozart": .. "Toujours a Toi,"
Tschaikowski; "Sheperdess," Greig; "Com
ment Disaient Us," Liszt; bolero, "Los
.Vepres Slcilienne," Verdi; "I've Been
Roaming," Horn; "Where the Bee Sucks,"
Arne; "Love Has Eyes," Bishop; "Air de
Mlchaela" (Carmen), Bizet; "Chanson
Arabe." Gpdard; "Les Oiselets," Masse
net; "Che Gio.ia" (waltz), Mattel. Mile.
Trebelli will also sing by request her fa
mous laughing song. .¦?<
I She Criticizes |
I the Way of |
I Serving §
o »
s P
I Grape=Nuts. I
"I think you make a mistake In your
first recipe on the Grape-Nuts pack-
age, viz., to put the food, dry, into a
saucer and pour cream next to it.
"We like it much better by covering
it with rich milk or cream and set on
the back part of the ranpe to heat, not
boil. This swells the granules, and it is
really most delicious."
This -illustrates the variety in human
taste. Some like Grape-Nuts crisp, dry
end "chc-wable." Others soft, hot and
almost mushllke. Either way, the food
can be depended upon as thoroughly
cooked at the factory and ready for in-
stant service, hot or cold. Hot by pour-
Ing hot cream, milk or water over it.
The health value of Grape-Xuta is be-
yond computation.
The Cloakmakers' Lockout.
The following communication has been
issued by the committee of the Cloak
makers' Union:
BAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 29 :900
A committee from the San Francisco Labor
Council and the CloakmaUers' Union have in
terviewed the leading: dry goods and retail
cloak stores of this city in connection with
i . lro " ble that h as recently arisen in the
cloakmaklnß trade. The firms of Simlnoff
Davidson and Meyer Brothers combined a
short time ago with the object of destroying
the local Cloakmakcrs' Union and to that end
discharged all of their employes who refused
to j«ever their connection with the local union
This arbitrary action was taken on the 13th
or January and as no other reason was given
for the courne pursued the locked-out men.
thirty In number, are justly Indignant. All
efforts to effect a settlement have so far
failed A committee of the Labor Council has
thoroughly Investigated the matter and finds
the facts as alleged.
The dry goodn store* that have bo far prom
ised their assistance to the locked-out cloak
makers are: Hale Brothers. Welnstock, Lubln
& Co.. New York Suit and Cloak House, Hodge
t ioak House. Columbia Cloak and Suit House
cloak department of Emporium (Kelly man
?> Kei 2' , u^" ber S & C«-i the White House,
Kaphael \\ cill & Co. M. LEADEIt
S. ISHAEL,
Committee of the Cloakmakers' Union.
GB.APE-NTJTS.
ROBBED THEIR GRANDMOTHER.
Edward and Willie. Walsh Arrested
on Complaint of Mrs. Mary
Coughlin.
Two brothers— Edward Walsh, 16 years
of age, and Willie, aged 14— were arrested
yesterday by Policeman McManus on a
charge of robbery. The boys live with
their father. P. J. Walsh, a mechanic, at
2618 McAllister street. Mrs. Mary Cough
lin, 92 years of ' age, the boys' grand
mother, also lives there. Yesterday
morning the old -lady claims she was
knocked down by 'her grandsons and
robbed of $13 50, which she had in a hand
kerchief In her stocking.
The boys when arrested admitted that
the money had been taken, but denied
knocking the old lady down. "I. took the
money from her," said Willie, "as I
wanted to buy a pair of boots. I gave it
to my "brother and we went out of the
house and met Ed McCready, another
boy, and gave him a dollar. . We had
spent 35 cents when the . cop came and
caught us. She. got back all the money
except the 35 cents."
FINANCES DISCUSSED.
A special meeting of the Board of
Health was held yesterday morning for
the purpose cf taking some action In re
gard to finances. Dr. Williamson was
empowered to make a formal request at
the meeting of the Mayor and heads of
departments for an appropriation of $50,
000 for salaries and expenses of the Health
Department for the six months ending
June 30, 1900.
On motion of Dr. Eazet a notification
wafc ordered sent to all dairies furnishing
milk to public Institutions Informing them
that after May 1 no milk will be received
unless a certificate Is presented stating
that their cows have undergone the tuber
culin test. -"
Mrs. Beatrice M. Hlnkle was appointed
to the position (newly created) of Assist
ant City Physician, to take effect Febru
ary 1, at a salary of $100 per month, and
Mary Close was made assistant nurse of
the City and County Almshouse at $30 per
month. .
HENRY WOHLER
MEETS DEATH
ON THE FRONT
Was an Old South Sea
Navigator.
SEALING VESSELS IN TROUBLE
THREE MEN DESERT SCHOONER
IN DRAKES BAY.
One of the best known captains in the
Southern Seas lost his life on the front
yesterday. Captain Henry Wohler of the
missionary schooner La Crolx dv . Sud
(Southern Cross) was asphyxiated In the
lodging-house at 4S East street, and al
though he was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital as soon as possible he had not even
a fighting chance for his life. Drs. Dorr
and Davis made a most careful examina
tion of the body, but there was not a
trace of life.
Captain Wohler . arrived here from Ta
hiti on the French mall boat City of Pa
peete on the 23d inst. He was accom
panied by Paul Welle and three native
Tahltlans, who were to man the La Croix
dv Sud. The vessel had been contracted
for by the missionaries who work among
the Marquesas, Caroline and Tahiti group
and when the news reached Papeete that
Matthew Turner, the builder, was ready
to deliver her to an accredited agent Cap
tain Wohler was sent here to bring her
down to the islands. On his arrival here
Captain Wohler went to live at 4S East
street, in order to be near his schooner.
On Sunday he was around the front
with Paul Welle and he then stated to
some of his friends that he was going to
start for Tahiti next Thursday. Laxly in
the evening he went to bed, and upon
retiring he must have turned out the gas
and then turned it on again. The only
illumlnant in Tahiti Is coal oil." and as
Captain Wohler has not been away
from the Southern Seas for many years
he probably had forgotten all he ever
knew about the deadly carbon monoxide.
He leaves four ohlldren In Tahiti ; to
mourn his loss. Captain Wohler was the
pilot of the United States Fish Commis
sion's schooner Albatross during her
cruise among the islands of the Southern
Seas.
The sealing fleet is doing fairly well.
Nearly all the schooners now on the coast
have made good catches, but several have
hard luck stories to tell. The Carlotta G.
Cox Is reported from Monterey bay with
132 skins. The Annie E. Paint with 62
skins and the Geneva with 131 skins, are
also reported from the same place. The
Annie E. Paint reports the loss of three
men In Drakes Bay. While the men were
at dinner three of the hunters got Into
one of the boats and made their escape
ashore. After that the schooner put to
pea and being caught In a squall lost her
gaff. She secured three new hunters in
Monterey Bay and had her damages re
paired.
On the Geneva the flag is flying at half
mast. Harry Sherman, one of the boat
pullers, fell overboard and was drowned.
The Geneva was 60 miles off Monterey
and making good headway. It was -a
beautiful night and the crew were en-
joying themselves on deck. While sky
larking Sherman lost his balance and fell
overboard. A boat was lowered and Ufa
buoys were thrown over, but no trace of
the missing man could be found. The
supposition is that he struck his head
against the side of the schooner and sank
at once.
The British ship Holywood, on which 10
per cent reinsurance was paid, has ar
rived at Honolulu.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamer Curacao arrived from Mexican
ports yesterday. She brought up nine
cabin and nine steerage passengers and
IGSO.OOO In treasure. Of the latter amount
$170,000 Is from the Candelaria mine. Cap
tain yon Helms reports that the schooner
Ijottlo-M had been seized by the Mexican
authorities at Ensenada for an attempt
to evade the customs regulations. The
little vessel had stopped at a number of
ports after leaving San Diego and was
therefore In difficulties as soon as Mexico
was reached. Captain Hall of the Lottie
M has laid his case before Rear Admiral
Kautz, who Is now at Magdalena Bay on
the cruiser Philadelphia, and ho Is doing
everything possible for htm.
The big ship Shenadoah has been char
tered by Eddy, Chapman, Falk & Co. to
load for Sydney, N. S. W. She will carry
1.500,000 fe"et of lumber and about 3000 tons
of general merchandise, which will make
the largest cargo that has ever left here
in one bottom for Australia.
and Narjot had been living there for
some months as man and wife under the
name of Mr. and Mrs. Ortes. She came
to this city from Lacrosse, Wis., about
two years ago. and a few months later
met Narjot. She in part corroborates
Narjot's story. She said she went Into a
private box with a man whom she met on
the street and they had a drink. She had
a $5 gold piece in the pocket of her jacket,
and she missed It. She accused the man
of taking It and he attempted to strike
her. She ran screaming from the room,
followed by the man, into the piano room,
and cried out that she had been robbed.
Narjot stepped in between her and her
pursuer, and she saw Gleeson grab Narjot
and hold him while the stranger struck
him on the head and face. Narjot broke
away and two or three went after him,
and she saw him pull the gun and shoot
Gleeson. She did not know the name of
the man who she says robbed her.
Narjot Is known as a crack pistol shot.
He has employed Attorney Eddie Sweeney
to defend him and he will plead self-de
fense.
Mrs. John Dray, a saleswoman at New
man & Levison's, Is Narjot's wife. They
were married in September, 1898, "and six
weeks later, she says, her husband took
her savings of $GOO and deserted her. She
sought a divorce, but could not find
Narjot to serve papers on him. His wife
says he has been in several shootings, and
was divorced prior to her marriage. Dray
was her name when she married Narjot.
She was then a widow.
THE man who fatally shot James
O'Neill Gleeson, the .bartender at
Stanley's Grotto, Mason and Turk
streets, Sunday night was Ernest
Narjot, son of the late S. O. Nar-
Jot, the well-kno^wn artist. He tele
phoned yesterday 'from Oakland to De
tectives Ed Gibson and George McMahon
that if they wanted him he would come
over and deliver himself up, and they ad
vised him to do so. He came across the
bay on the 2 o'clock boat, and the two de
tectives were at the ferry to meet him.
Narjot was taken to the City Prison,
where he was booked on a charge of mur
der. He had the revolver, a 32-caliber
Colt's, quite new, in his pocket, and it
was booked as evidence.
Before being locked up he was taken
to the Receiving Hospital at his request,
as he had several bumps and bruises on
his face and head, which he claimed to
have received Just before he fired the
fatal shot. He said that V. D. Meade, the
man who was with Minnie Hamilton, the
colored waiter and Gleeson all set upon
him and beat him, and when he tried to
escape up the stairs they barred the way
and he pulled his revolver and fired, us
he was afraid of his life. He Is 36 years
of age and a machinist by occupation.
Minnie Hamilton was found at 810 Mis
sion street yesterday morning by De
tective McMahon and Policeman Joy. She
TOLD TALES OF ROBBERY
TO HIDE HIS OWN THEFT
Fruitless Scheme of George Poetz, a Collector,
to Steal Without Danger to
Himself.
GEORGE POETZ, a youthful collec
tor, employed by C. E. Whitney
A: Co.. commission merchants, en
gaged in business at 110 Davis
street, according to his own state
ment, was garroted and robbed of $SOO in
coin and $2UOO in checks on local banks
yesterday, under circumstances so mys
terious that the harder the police worked
on the problem the more knotty It seemed
to grow. It was finally cleared, however,
by the confession of the young man that
he took the money himself, and forthwith
he was locked up on a charge of grand
larceny.
About ten minutes after 1 o'clock yes
terdey afternoon Poetz walked Into the
office of the Albion Lumber Company, at
Fifth and Hooper streets, and calmly pro
ceeded to arrange his necktie, which was
In a disordered condition. He was given
a mirror by J. H. Wilhelm, one of the
cl.rkp. and as soon as his tie was ad
jufted told Wilhelm and another clerk
named W. H. Depew that he had been
••soaked." Both asked what he meant
and received the answer, delivered In an
cxciied manner, that he had been robbed
out of JSOO by two thugs, one of whom
! had choked him, while the other cut the
strap by which ha carried the satchel in
which the money was contained, eus
y.ended from his shoulder. He stated that
a !-ack of coin containing Jl^JO. which he
carried in a rear pocket of his trousers,
and one containing ilow, carried In a front
pocket, remained in his possession, as the
robbers evidently did not know he had so
xauch money on his peruon.
Without waiting for instructions in the
matter Wilhelm immediately telephoned
acting Chief Biggy, who dispatched De
tectives T. L. Ryan and Edward ODea to
:the *cene and then no tilled Arthur L.
Whitney, a member of the firm. A short
time afterward telephonic reports of such
¦a nature were received that Detectives
Cody and Tom Gibson were set to work
on the casa. , -,
Ryan a:;<i ODea found Poetz at the of
fice" <jf the Albion Lumber Company and
•went over the ground with him. He took
'thorn to what is called a "gangway," a
narrow road between tall piles of lumber,
and explained in detail how the robbery
occurred. He said he had driven into the
lumber-yard from Sixth street and when
he reached the "gangway" turned into it.
He was half way through when he per
ceived a boxcar on the track ahead of
him. and seeing that it would be useless
to go farther he started to pull In his
horse. Suddenly he was seized from be
hind and choked by "a short man" and at
the fame time "a tall man" cut the cord
by which the satchel was clung from his
shoulder. He found himself on the ground
in a dazed condition, with a dim idea that
he ought to reach the office of the com
pany, and he started for there. He did
not see anybody until he was seized and
has no Idea In which direction his assail
ants went. This was his btory.
1 By orders of liiggy Detectives Ryan and
i O f Dea brought their man to headquarters,
where the acting Chief put him through a
rigorous cross-examination. He was
asked how It was that he had not yelled
to attract attention and did not try to
follow the men: why he was so cool about
arranging his tie before he had related his
story to the clerks and why he did not in
stantly telephone the police or his em
ployers. To these queries he replied that
it was doubtless owing to his dazed con
dition, caused by the choking he received.
In the meantime Detectives Ryan and
Cody had been sent back to the scene of
the supposed robbery. When Biggy had
done questioning the boy he sent him
back to the lumber yard in care of Detec
tive Tom Gibson. Near the scene
were found the other officers and Arthur
L. Whitney, who had driven there. Young
Poetz was again asked to recount what
had occurred and explain away doubtful
points. He was recalled to the office in
care of Gibson by a telephone that two
suspects had been brought in and the al
leged victim was wanted to see If he
could identify them, but he said he could
What mystified the police was that
James Kenney and Harry Wigner, two
employes, were working near the en
trance to the "gangway," and yet did not
soe Poetz drive in there or anybody fol
low or leave after the time he says he
entered. A number of workmen were also
employed In loading the car at the other
end of the "gangway. " They saw noth
ing and heard nothing. Every -workman
on the place showed his skepticism on the
subject of robbery by laughter when the
word was mentioned. In view of the cir
cumstances mentioned and the additional
facts that Pietz's collar was not badly
soiled, and that a scratch on the rear axl?
of the buggy was of such a nature that
it could hardly have been made by the
heel of a man's shoe while choking an oc
cupant of the vehicle, the police decided
that no robbery had oceurretl. The detec
tives went after Poetz in a searching
cross-examination, and after being closely
questioned on every detail of his story he
made admissions which strengthened the
detectives' theory that he had taken the
money himself. Finally he confessed hav
ing buried the money in the cellar of his
house at 32 Kissling street. Detectives
Gibson and Cody accompanied the young
man to his home and he led them to the
spot where it was buried.
Poetz was then brought back to the City
Prison, where he was charged with
larceny. The police and even the young
man's employers are Inclined to believe
that he is not mentally responsible for his
act.
Arthur L. Whitney says that Poetz has
been In the employ of the company for
six years, ¦working up to his present po
sition from that of office boy. He is 18
years old. He had always been a trusted
employe.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1900.
SLAYER OF GLEESON GIVES
HIMSELF UP TO THE POLICE
Ernest Narjot Admits Killing the Bartender, but
Claims He Shot in Seif-Defehse— Minnie
Hamilton Arrested.
jsj enameled v g
H ware sale. gfi
,*ri the trade sale rests on a firm foundation— manufacturers are Jjg:
:rB: better off for taking som; orders at a los5 — they help ov?r od J times, .-—,;
•id: just as the regular boarder helps a hotel, even though he pays only Jg?
I£H: half the transient rats, this enameled ware is frrsh and fin?. ;--j»
•IB* "firsts," too; not a "second" in the lot itni
V—i granite granite Boston itg:
:H3: teapots. milk kettle op can. llii
!mi 2 quarts 25e i quart 21c JJJJ.
¦/O- 3 quarts S6c 2 quarts 25c ;--*
•JB : granite granite lipped • .ffi:
.^r: dishpans. preserving kettles. :xn:
:H3: 8 quarts 22c 3 quarts 15c 'JSi
•to: 14 quarts 39c a quarts.. 19c ]}Ql
¦IP. i 7i 7 quarts - 45c 6 quarts. ..29c 10 quarts. ...33c 7— •
'KB" granite granite rice boilers. *xfi:
«—:« — : coffeepots. 1 quart 89c -Tr?
"IB* 1 quart 28 c 2quaits 45c 'Jsi
ST: 3 quarts 36c 3 quarts 50c :jg:
jfS latest in real French kid suede pique gloves received by express yesterday, rrr*
TO : irQlpnfinpc new and pretty designs, hundreds of [HX
;*"; Valentines. comic ones. rr^»
:{g: new jet elastic belts received by express yesterday. :ffi{
|5j #^ the new _ VoZ cI V" m c?Z M
SS J&ro "pulley" belt. h e re by express, a iB:
£— : }^3y be!t tnat can be ad J. U5teJ In a moment and pro- Tri*
'.JB' /r^gZo? du:es the long waist effect makes the waist '•£__
'«« — • Jrpr^~V llne two or tnree lnches 'o wer *n rr °nt than in riS:
•IB: yA back, cilnzs — creates curves, obviates the ;*%?
•U? ( H use of corset on slender figures, reduces waist Jjg.'
:J&\ /I V /( on stout figures and supports the back. Insures •--•
•W« \) I /\ symmetry and style, holds skirt and waist in jJB'
y": /VJ~- /X ) position without use of pins, hooks (% t a* .•—*
:*B:: *B : £?xL~Z3r and buckles, comes in black z:J \ j Ih ;Hj:
wlkl^ colors only UtlZ.o vgj
jß.' Hudnut's perfumery tor vvhlst prizes. '\*^
•tr>i a variety of up-to-date hair ornamems received by express yesterday. jjgj
+S if we please you, tell others; if we don't, tell us. JT^*
JIB; 7 doors Jsf families *Hk
•ffl : 935-947 Market Street. 4- *> i£E-
||ffiisislilil»^
Wrislfs Indian Veptaolß Pills
ARE. ACKNOWLEDGED BY THOUSANDS
of persona who have used them for forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver. Weak StoauuSl
Pimples and surUy tbe blooO. '
Steins or Beer Mugs
Bargains.
It's Worth Your
Coming: Just to Sec.
Great American Isportißc Tea Co.
Stores Everjrwhere.
100 Stores.
SADNESS FOR
CHINESE WITH
THE HEW YEAR
The Police Restric
tions Enforced.
CELEBRATION COMMENCED.
LARGE CROWDS THRONG THE
STREETS OF CHINATOWN.
The present occasion of Chinese New
Year is to the heathen one of sorrow
instead of joy. With the vigilance of a
police force composed of over one hundred
men, each guardian of the peace watch
ing an opportunity to cast the wily Mon
golian behind prison bars should he trans
gress in the slightest degree upon the
rules laid down by Acting Chier Biggy.
the outlook for a round of gladsome fes
tivities is sadly darkened.
The New Year proper commenced early
this morning. One hundred patrolmen in
uniform dotted the streets and there was
little excitement. All business was sus
pended and the only celebration which
was permitted the Chinese was a visit
to the joss houses, where they went in
large numbers. The construction of
stands on which services have hitherto
been conducted and about which crowds
congregate was not allowed and the
crackle of fire-crackers was conspicuously
absent in the Chinese section. The cele
bration this year will be more of a spec
tacular nature than it ever has been be
fore, and what the Chinese lack in noise
and bustle they have accomplished in
decoration. The principal thoroughfares
are aglow with lanterns of all descriptions
and tne interior of many abodes present
fine appearances.
Last night sales of holiday goods were
made from the sidewalks In front of the
principal stores. This business was sus
pended when the clock struck 12, and the
Chinamen took their wares in from the
street and closed their stores. Most places
will remain closed for a period of three
days, but the more wealthy class of mer
chants will continue to celebrate for one
week. Large crowds of people visited
Chinatown, and for several hours the side
walks were packed with humanity.
The police restrictions have cast a glocm
over Chinatown. Many observances which
constitute a happy new year with them
have been forbidden, and there is little re
joicing. The explosion of fireworks is re
earded by them as an omen of good luck,
and when excluded from a celebration,
such as the present, they believe that UJ
fortune will follow them until the next
occasion of a celebration. Acting Chi^f
Bijruy is determined, however, that no
rTrivileges shall be granted until his de
mands are complied with and until he has
in his possession a list of the tons leaders
and also their promise that they will 111
future conduct themselves in accordance
W To-day wm be spent by the Chinese in
visiting each other at their respective
houses. —.
Reached Port.
Shortly after midnight the San Bias,
from Panama, and th» Volumcia, from
Hamburg, were reported by th» Mer
chants' Exchange lookout as passinic
through the heads.
Clarence Eddy Will Play.
Clarence Eddy, the distinguished vir
tuoso, will preside at the organ in Tem
ple Emanu-El to-night. A special pro
gramme, consisting of works of the best
composers, will be rendered by the great
TWO SCHOOLS ABOLISHED.
Board of Education Complies With
Charter Requirement.
The Board of Education met yesterday
morning and passed resolutions abolishing
the Rlncon Evening School and the Cliff
House School. It was represented that
the Rlncon School had an average daily
attendance of sixty pupils, with three
teachers, and cost $2500 each year. The
pupils will bo sent to the Lincoln Evening
School and the teachers were placed on
the unasslgned list. The Cliff School
costs annually JISOo. with an average daily
attendance of fourteen, and the pupils can
easily attend other schools In the Rich
mond district.
The schools were abolished In accord
ance with a provision of the charter
which limits tne amount of money to be
used for the payment of employes of the
School Department to $2S per pupil In
average dally attendance.
A. Lafallle was allowed $17 50 a month
in addition to his salary of $75 as team
ster, he being required to furnish his own
buggy.
The following resolution waa unani
mously adopted:
Resolved. That the following consolidations
take place In the various night schools, to take
effect January 31, 1900:
One class In the Spring Valley Evening
School. Miss L. A. Suich; two teachers In the
Washington Evening School. Miss M. Hollub
and Miss K. Games; one teacher In the Horace
Mann School. Miss G. O. Ponovan: one teacher
in the Franklin Evening School. William Her
rod: four teachers in the Lincoln Evening
School, Mis* A. F. Crowley. Miss E. Stark.
Miss E. West. Miss M. Macauley.
W. H. Langdon was assigned to the
class In the Hamilton Bvening School
temporarily made vacant by the absence
of L. F. Bartlett.
The following assignments by Superin
tendent Webster were confirmed: Miss
Latham to the Brant School, vice Miss I.
M. Roberts; Miss McGeough to the Lin
coln School.
The board decided to prepare resolutions
of respect to the memory of Miss Chal
mers, late of the Edison Primary School.
who died a few days .since.
(3Y^~\~ 3 stores
(k\ffi& I have closed my
- KJLI'-Im Oakland branch and
¥11111} have enlarged my
s'P^flC Montgomery-st. store.
vj^lf \ I now offer
jflsj For 30 Days
I^/ MyEotireStock
j/ of woolens at a gen-
l£- — .. eral
L q) REDUCTION
\fp> of 12» to 25
3g£fy2\ per cent.
te&\simj reduced from
W $2.50 to $5
V| ) less of former prices.
(S\v h See my display win-
') / y dows.
A^w Suits to order from
1/ >. $12."0. Pants from
\ "ftf^Y Best of worI <man-
V/Xx ship and trimmings
*"> f\ v*\ 2 U3rantee< *-
/»)[ \ Money refunded If
Ni\ £1 dissatisfied.
Joe Poheim
feS THE TAILOR.
VOkHl'^ mo- 11 1 12 Market St,
(Cy^jlJ * 201-203 Montg'y St,
\_^« SAN FRANCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
organist. It is thought tne sacred ediflc*
will not be large enough to contain th»
music lovers who are anxious to hear him
play. ** "^
[Catarrh, Deafness,
I L /* . , .., * ? im _ i'Tm- in -* LUiiUO
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. GOTTINGHAM'S Zssg.
204 Sutter St., NW. Cor. Kearny.
Hours— 9 to 13 a. m. : 1 to S and 7 to J p. el
w— r% •pr cr An honest trial of ona week, given
rKLLiti show the superior merit of ttia
new treatment. 1000 test cases— 95 per cent
cured. Call at once or write.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOU THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA.
Gleets. Strictures and analogous Qom-
plaints of the Organs of Generation.
Price Jl a bottle. Fcr sale by druggists.
12