rlou3, and asks if there be any connec
tion with his return and the arrival of
Webster Davis . at Lourpnzo Marquez.
from which point he is to be taken to
Pretoria in a special train sent by Presi
dent Kru&er. The Matin thinks it very
probable that President Kruger. having
been cut off from telegraphic communi
cation with Dr. Leyds, Is resorting to the
good offices of the Americans In order 10
communicate with the rest of the worli.
and the paper concludes Its observations
by saying:
""We shall soon know the meaning of
these communications."
kept busy on their left, facing
Potgieters Drift. A continuous
artillery fire was poured into
them from Swart;: " Kop an<
Mount Alice. Lyttelton's bri
gade made a reconnoissance in
force, which rendered it impossi
ble for the Boers there to ride off
to the assistance of their hard
pressed right. The British ho-
Continued on Second Pace.
Republican Forces Slowly Be
ing Driven Back by Warren,
but Are Contesting Kvery
Foot of the Way.
While Opposing the Advance of Bullep the
Hard-Pressed Burghers Conduct a Vig
orous Bombardment of White's Garri
son in the Besieged Town.
SPEARMA2JS CAMP. Jan. 21,
9:30 a. in. — General Warren's
engagement continues. He has forced
the enemy fron their position. The
Lancashire and Irish brigades are
advancing steadily. The fire is very
eevere occasionally.
LONDON. Jan. 21.— General Buller
cables to the War Office:
"SPEARMANS CAMP. Jan. 21, 9
p. n. — General Warren has been en
gaged all day, chiefly on his left,
¦u-hica he has siting forward about a
couple of miles. The ground is very
difficult and as the fighting is all the
time uphill it is difficult to say ex
tctly how much vre have gained, but
I think \re are making substantial
progress.
'•In order to relieve the pressure on
General Warren and to ascertain the
strength cf the eneniy in the position
in front of Potgieters Drift General
I-yttelton made a reconnoissance in
force yesterday. This kept the enemy
in their trenches in full strength all
day. Our casualties — Third Battal
ion, King's Royal Rifles, two killed,
twelve -wounded, two misring."
1 Cnb> to Th? Call ar.4 New York Her
aU. Copyrighted, ISOO, by James Goidon
Ber.n^tt.
LONDON. Tan. 22.— Up to j
3 o'clock this morning no
tidings had arrived in Lon
don of the result of the battle 1
which, according to every indi
cation, raged all day yesterday on
Buller's left flank, where General j
Wp.rren in the morning had re
sumed his attempt to turn the!
Boers' right wing. On Saturday
the whole British force was en
gaged in a fierce conflict with the i
Boers ail day, which resulted in
thrusting back the Boers from
ridge after ridge. The fight was!
resumed yesterday and at 9:30)
o'clock General Warren had
forced the Boers from three posi- j
tions. The Lancashire and Irish j
brigades were then advancing. '<
That is as far as the dispatches
go.
The main engagement on Sat
urday took place to the west of
Spion Kop and resulted in the
British securing rough tableland
which is said to constitute the
key to the Boer position. The
Boer right was pushed back
upon the central hill, Spion Kop.
The British assault was delivered
against a ridge of hills six miles
long. The British forces were
marshaled in three brigades un
der Generals Woodgate, Hart
and Hildyard, General Clery di
recting operations.
The British moved forward
and gained position after posi
tion, until the Boer right cave
way. The flanking movement
was evidently entirely successful.
This collapse of the Boers' right
wing would enable the British
commander to swing around and
drive them into an ever narrow
ing circle.
Meanwhile the Boers were
BOERS ACCUSED OF FIRING
UPON A WOMEN'S LAAGER
MAFEKING. Jan. 10 (via Gabrones, via Lourenzo Marquez, Jan. 21.).—
The enemy continues the bombardment with field guns and an occasional
100-pound shell. They have again fired at the women's laager, but without
hurting any one.
MAFEKING, Jan. 6 (by runner to Moclendl, Jan. 14, via Lourenzo Mar
quez. Jan. 21.).— We concentrated our artillery, consisting of a 7-pounder. a
Nordonfeld and one little old ship's gun. on January 3. emplacing during
the darkness, so as to bear on the enemy's big siege gun. We carefully
conceals the pruns until the next afternoon, when, after the enemy had fired
a couple of shells, tie let loose all our pieces, firing and loading as fast as
possible.
One of our shots must have thrown the enemy's siege gun out of posi
tion, for it ceased firing. With glasses we could see the Boers rapidly re
inforcing that point.
The next day they moved back their guns 700 yards. They emplaced a
5-pound«r and proceeded to drop shells regularly into Marquet Sqiiare.
We have made up our minds to stick It out, and -aye food for another
three months. The whole garrison is enraged at the enemy for firing upon
the women's laager.
LORENZO MARQUEZ. Jan. 21.— A dispatch from Gabrones. undated, says:
Colonel Plainer has worked down this far toward Mafeklng with three arm
ored trains and a relieving force. The bridge is being rebuilt so that he
may proceed.
WRECK OF THE ARMORED TRAIN NEAR ESTCOURT
witzers. naval guns and field ar
tillery raked the trenches, keep
ing the Boers in them through
out the entire day.
The British commander and
his lieutenants have evidently
profited by their lessons in war."
There have been no desperate
rushes over open ground, swept
by fire from Boer marksmen.
There has been no marching in
close formation within range of
Boer volleys.
From Ladysmith comes word
that the Boers have placed in po
sition some new guns>and that
the bombardment has been vig
orously conducted during the last
few days. This apparently indi
cates that the Boers do not con
sider their prospects in Natal to
be hopeless.
General Warren seems to have
established himself at Acton
Holmes as an advance point, and,
being fairly behind the Boer po
sition and only twenty miles
from Ladysmith. he ought to be
in a good position to push the
Boers back upon the besieged
city, where General White ought
to have, in spite of the ravages
of disease, 9000 men ready at the
bayonet's point or lance point to
turn the foe off to the north.
This is one of the incidental
disadvantages of General Buller's
movement by the west, that it
throws. the Boers back on the
railway, the line of communica
tion to the Transvaal. This line
is studded with fine positions that
can be turned only from the east.
It may be part of the role as
signed to General White's forces
to prevent such a movement in
the direction of Helpmakaar and
Dundee.
RIDGE AFTER RIDGE
TAKEN BY BRITISH
[Special cable to th? New York Herald. Copy
rlßht. 190). by James Gordon Bennett Re
publlration of this dispatch Is prohibited
All rights reserved in the United States and
Great Hrltaln.J
LONDON, Jan. 22.— These advices from
its special correspondent are published in
the Daily Telegraph: ...
SPEARMANS CAMP. Saturday even
ing, Jan. 20.— That portion of General Bul
ler's forces which is under the command
of General Warren has fought a deliber
ately planned and successful battle. This
important engagement took place on the
west of SDlon ivod and has practically
resulted in our securing a rough table
land which constitutes the key to the
Boer position.
After a fierce cannonade had been di
rected against the enemy's lines for some
time, the British troops assembled near
an eminence known as Three Tree Hill,
which forms the center of a semi-circle
of crests, crowned with the enemy's
works, which are some six miles long.
Steadily and with great dash the Brit
ish infantry went forward in the face of
a heavy fusillade from Mauser rifles. Our
troops were disposed as follows: Wood
gate's brigade on the right. Hart's bri
gade in the center and Hildyard's brigade
en the loft.
Soon after midday the battle on the
hills became furious. From 3 o'clock In
the afternoon until 6 o'clock the fire of
both cannon and rifles was extremely
heavy. Point after point of the enemy's
positions was seized by the British troops.
Eventually the Boer right broke and was
forced hack toward Spion Kop. Our force
is bivouacking upon the ground they have
captured.
During the fighting to-day the enemy
brought Into action a few guns, one of
which was a quick-fire.
To-morrow ought to settle the matter.
In to-day's fighting our losses were tri
fling, but the Boers suffered severely.
While General Warren was fighting his
engagement an effectual demonstration
was proceeding at Potgieters Drift, the
enemy's positions near there being shelled
vigorously by the Britisn batteries.
During last night there was occasional
firing and this morning a heavy bombard
ment waa opened on the Boers from. -the
THREE HUNDRED BRITISH
WOUNDED ON SATURDAY
LONDON, Jan. 21.— The War Office has
posted this dispatch from General Bul
ler, dated January 21, 10 a. m.:
"The following were wounded in the
action near Ventors Spruit yesterday ; -
"Officers— Staff, Colonel B. Hamilton
and Major C. McGregor ; Second Lanca
shire Fusileers, Captain R. B. Blunt and
Second Lieutenants M. C. Crostan and E.
J. Barrett; First Border Rifles, Captain
C. D. Vaughn and Second Lieutenant
Musier; First York and Lancashires, Sec
ond Lieutenant A, H. Kierry; Second Fusil
eers, Captain C. A. Hensley (since dead)
and Major F, English; Second Gordons,
Second Lieutenant P. D. Stewart and
279 non-commissioned officers and men. "
British batteries at this place. At the
same time the guns of Warren's force
were heard.- .. .
Four more Boer prisoners, who are
slightly wounded, have been brought into
camp, making' the total so far captured
twenty-three.
FIGHTING THUS FAR AN
AFFAIR OF OUTPOSTS
LONDON, Jan. 21.— One : account of
Saturday's fighting says that the British
had- few' killed. Little reliance can be
placed upon these reports', and, although
the main position of the Boers has not
been attacked and nothing is known as
to its strength. Saturday's and" Sunday's
lighting, which can hardly be described
as more than outpost affairs, evidently
entailed serious losses.
The Beers are following their old-time
tactics— making. a show of resistance and
then retreating in good order to- pre
pared positions, and, as they are working
from the interior of their lines, they may
be able to bring strong forces to defend
the main position.
Nothing is heard regarding any counter
attack by Sir George White from Lady
smith, and General Buller's "I think we
are making substantial progress" re
mains the last word. This shows that
there is still some very hard work in front
of the British forces.
The Times has the following, dated Sun
day evening, from Spearmans Camp.
"All yesterday and to-day General War
ren has been attacking the Boers. Their
position is a long ridge four miles north
west of Richards Drift, ascending from
the river. At dawn on Saturday our
guns occupied a kopje on the east of the
range.
"The enemy's defenses were chiefly
stone sandgars extending forward and
right along the spur, making the posi
tion semi-circular. At 11 o'clock General
Hart's brigade advanced on the left,
along a rocky, uneven spur, into the semi
circle until he could lire from three direc
tions. Taking advantage of all possible
cover the troops advanced to a point
within 500 yards of the enemy's right
wing, but they did not advance beyond
the edge of the cover. There they re
mained until dark and bivouacked.
"In addition to Maxim-Nordenfeldts
the enemy fired shrapnel captured at
Colenso. Their fire was intermittent, and
was always temporarily silenced by our
masked batteries. At night the enemy's
right wing evacuated its position."
A despatch to the Daily News from
Potgieters Drift, dated Friday, January
19, says: ' -:/;;:,'
"The spirits of. the troops are greatly
raised by, the conviction that General Bul
ler now has a thorough grasp on the situ
ation. -As the force has left, the railway
transport difficulties are being experi
enced. The rivers are often flooded, and
what were a short time ago trickling
streams are now deep torrents.
"The scenes at the drift 3 cannot easily
bo forgotten. One sees a perfect pande
monium of ox wagons. Sometimes thirty
oxen are yoked: to a single wagon, and
the drivers make,, a veritable babel of
noise, shouting in Dutch, English and
Zulu. They, brandish their long whips,
and occasionally an upset stops a. whole
train. At another point or time half a
regiment will- drag a cart and Its mules
up the river ' bank by main force. The
traction engines looked promising at first,
but since Chieveley I have seen nothing 1
of them."
The Durban corresuondent of the Stand
ard sends the' following:
"It is reported that ten volunteer
stretcher-bearers, on their arrival at the
front, walked deliberately across into the
Boer lines. The same thing happened at
the battle of Colenso. It is presumed that
they were .spies who had succeeded in en
rolling themselves in the ambulance
corps. It is asserted that the Boers dese
crated the convent church at Newcastle
in an indescribable manner."
BURIAL OF STEVENS,
CALL CORRESPONDENT
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right. 19' A by James GonJon Bennett. Re
publleatlon of this dispatch I* prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United States and
Great Britain.]
LONDON, Jan. 22.— This dispatch from
its special correspondent is published by
the Daily Moil.
LADYSMITH, via Zwartz Kop, Satur
day, Jan. 20. — At midnight on Monday we
buried Stevens In the Ladysmith Ceme
tery. The night was very dark, but the
Boer searchlight on Umbulwana played
on the mourners who followed Stevena"
body to the grave, adding a deep solem
nity to the scene. There were many peo
ple present, including a number of ofll
cers.
LATEST LIST OF THE
LADYSMITH LOSSES
LONDON, Jan. 21.— A third supplement
ary list of the British casualties in the
attack upon Ladysmith. January 6, was
published by the War Offloe to-da>v It
shows twenty-eight non-commissioned
officers and men killed and five danger
ously wounded. This brings the total of
casualties in that engagement to 4SS.
? .
RETREAT OF THE BOERS
BEFORE WARREN'S MEN
DURBAN. Jan. 21.— The Natal Adver
tiser has the following from Spearmans
Camp, dated yesterday: , '.
"General Warren's column attacked a
Boer position on the northern ridge
at Spionkop. -'A heavy bombardment by a
field battery preceded the advance. The
Boers eventually replied with two guns,
several machine guns and rifles. The Brit
ish responded similarly,, and longr-range
firing became general and lasted until
dark. .
"General Hildyard drew the Boers from
DAVIS MAY
BEAR A NOTE
TO KRUGER
London Officials Pondering Over
the Probable Mission of the
American Sent to
Pretoria.
LOURENZO MARQUEZ, Jan. 21.-Web
ster Davis. United States Assistant Secre
tary of the Interior, arrived here to-day
on his way to Pretoria, and called upon
the Governor General. John Alvaro Da
costa Ferreira, who gave him a most
courteous reception and requested him to
convey a message of special friendship to
President McKinley. The Transvaal Gov
ernment has informed Mr. Davis th.it
President Kruger's carriage will convey
him to Pretoria.
LONDON, Jan. 21.— The publication of
the fact that President Kruger is sending
a private car to take Webster Davis from
Lourenzo Marquez to Pretoria is causing
considerable speculation here as to wheth
er Mr. Davis, notwithstanding the dental
from Washington, has not some sort of
official mission. It is thought rather sin
gular that a simple traveler, even though
an official at home, should receive so
much attention. The subject is agitating
the Continental papers, which are inquir
ing through the London representatives
whether the British Government has In
formation with regard to the. object of
Mr. Davis" \isit. They are reluctant to
believe that one of President McKinl*y'q
assistant secretaries would take a vaca
tion in the Transvaal and be given leave
of absence from his duties for' several
months without some special purpose.
A recent dispatch from Washington
pointed out that Mr. Davis had "given up
his proposed visit to the Transvaal owing
to the possibility that It might be misin
terpreted.
?
CONJECTURE AROUSED
BY MACRUM'S RETURN
ROME. Jan. 21.— Charles F. Maerum,
former United States Consul at Pretoria,
who arrived here yesterday, left to-day
for Paris. Mr. Easton of the Washington
Post, who accompanied Mr. Macnim,
said In the course of an interview at Na
ples that the Boers know they must ulti
mately be defeated, but are determined to
resist to the last. He praises the Rotr
tactics and expresses admiration for the
bravery of both armies.
PARIS, Jan. 22.— The Matin, referring
to the arrival of Mr. Maerum In Europe,
says the object of his mission is xnyste-
CANAL BILL
WILL PASS AT
THIS SESSION
Poll of Congress Shows That
It Has an Overwhelming
Majority.
CAREFUL CANVASS
OF BOTH HOUSES
Hepburn's Measure to Be Put
: Through Without Awaiting tha
Walker Commission's
Report.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. TTETy
LINGTOX HOTEL. WASHING
TON, Jan. 21.— The Call has made
a canvass of Senators and Repre
sentatives with the object of ascer
taining their views on the Nicara
gua canal. Following is the result:
In favor of action this session-
Senators 62, Representatives 254.
Total 316.
In favor cf delay — Senators 1, Bep
resentatives 29. Total 30.
Non-committal or not canvassed —
Senators 23, Representatives 67.
Total 90.
The Hepburn-Morgan bill will b© passol
during the present session of Congress. It
Is on the legislative programme for early
consideration In both houses. Speaker
Henderson is in favor of the bill and of
prompt action. Senator Frye. President
pro tempore of the Senate. want 3 action
by the Senate and expresses the belief
that the bill will be passed at an early
date. The measure will receive tho ap
proval of the President.
There Is an overwhelming 1 majority In
both houses of Congress in favor of the
pending- bill and In favor of passing it
without waiting for the report of tha
Walker commission. These statements
are fully warranted by a careful canvass
of the two houses mado by The Call. It
is apparent from the roll here given tfcat
only the presentation of some strong" ar
gument for delay now unforseen by th©
leaders can change the programme.
These are the Senators who have ex
pressed themselves in favor of tha passage
of the canal bill at this session:
Allison. Allen. Bacon. Baiter. Bate. Berry.
BeverWge, Burrows, Butler, Chllton. Clark
(Montana). Clark (Wyoming). Clay. Cockrell.
Culberson, E«nSel. Davis. D«pew. Elkina. Fair
banks, Foraker. Foster. Frye. H&nna. Hana
brough. HarrU, Hawley. Ileitfleld, Jones (Ar
kansas). Jones (Nevada). Kean. Ker.ney. Kyl«.
Lindsay. Lodge. Mcßrlde. McEnery, McLaurin.
Mallory. Martin. Money. Morgan. Nelson. Per
kins. Pettus. Platt (Connecticut), P'.att (New
York). Pritchard. Rawlin»» Scott. SeweH, Si
mon, Stewart. Sullivan. TallaTerro. I>:>r.
Thurston. Tlllmaa, Turley, Turner. "West, War
ren.
Those who have not tnade tip their
mind 3 on tha subject and with whom.
Judging from their talk, it Is Immaterial
whether there is action at this session or
not, are:
Aldrlch, Carter, Chandler. Culloni. Debo<*.
Galllser. Gear. Hale, Hoar. McComas, Mo-
Cumber. McMillan. Mason. Penroae. Pett!
rrew. Proctor. Quarles. Ross. Shoup. Spooner.
Welltncton. Wetmor*. Walcott-
The only Senator pronounced In Ills
opposition to the bill is Cattery of Loui
siana.
The following Representatives are In
favor of action on the bill at this ses
sion:
Acheson, Adams, Adamson. Allen (Maine).
Allen (Mississippi). Atwater. Bailey (Kansas).
Bailey tTexas). Ball. Bankhead. Barber. Bar
ham. Bartholdt. Bartlett. Bellamy. Berry.
Blnrham. Bishop. BowersocV. Bradley Ofevr
lork) Brantley (Georgia). Ereazeaie. Brenner.
Brewer. Bromwell. Broslus. Brcussard. Brown.
Brownlow. Brundldge. Burke (Texas). Burkett.
Burlelgh, Burleson. Burnett. Ca'.derhead. Cald
¦w«ll Carmack. Catchln?s. Chickertas. Clayton
.\labama). Clayton (New York). Cochran.
Cocbrane. Ccnnell. Cooper (Texas). Corliss. Cox.
Cr-wford Crowley. Crump. Cruapacker. Cum
mlngs Curtis. Cusack. Daliell. Samuel Daven
oort Stanley Paver.port. Davis. Dayton.
D« 'craffenreM. De Vries. Dick. Dinamor^.
Dovener. Drills. Drlscoll. Eddy Elliott En,»r
son Epes. Finley, Fitzgerald (Massachusetts.,
Fitzgerald (New York). Flemir.*. Fonlney.
Foster Fowler. Fox. Freer. Games. Gnrdn*r
fMlchlican). Gardner (New Jersey). Gaston.
SSST GUI. GU.et .New York). GlHm
(Massachusetts). Gordon. Graff. Graham.
Green. Greene. Grtgss. Grosvenor. Grout. Grow.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXYH-XO. 53.
BRITONS AND BOERS BATTLE
ON THE ROAD TO LADYSMITH
THROUGHOUT THE SABBATH
The San Francisco Call
In the British Territory
Annexed by the Boers.a Fpiendld position simultaneously by a
demonstration en their frontal position,
drawing a feeble fire from their Norden
feidts and rifles. The British navy guns
and howitzers shelled the trenches with
excellent effect, and many Boers were ob
served bolting. The Hritish artillery com
pletely silenced the Boer fire, and at
nightfall the British infantry occupied aa
excellent advanced position."
CROWDS BESIEGE THE
LONDON WAR OFFICE
LONDON. Jan. St-^Vesterday wras quite
a record day at the "VVar Office. As if
anticipating important news, the author
ities announced on Saturday that the lob
bies of the War oflice would be open
throughout Sunday, and the knowledge
that a crucial battle was proceeding
brought a continuous ttream of inquirers
cf all classes.
Some Kioorny forebodings; were caused
by the bulletin announcing that nearly auO
had been woamJed. but in general a
cheery conflder.ee was «-rproK«cd in the
fucrffs of General ISullcr's movement. On
U being announced that further official
diFpa.tchos were improbable to-night the
crowd dispersed; rrprcfttdns disappoint
ment, that the rows was no Letter.
Mr. Chamberlain will dine at Osborne
liot<se with tho <juoen to-day (Monday)
and will return to London to-morrow.
ROBERTS SAYS THERE
MUST BE NO LOOTING
CAPE TOWN. Saturday. Jan. 20.— Lord
Roberts, purposing not to alienate the
Cap<» Dutch and to see that the military
inspect the right 3 of non-combatants, re-
Kardles? of race «r sympathies, has ts
tu*»d, through Lord Kitchener, his chief
<>f ftaff. tho following order:
"The commander in chief w!«=hrg to im
press upon ail officers who may at any
time be In charge of columns or detached
command*, the grave importance of doing
all Jn their power by pood and con
ciliatory treatment, and of securing com
pensation for the people of tho country
In all matter? affecting cither their own
Interests or those of the troops.
"In all casos where supplies of any kind
are required, those must be paid for on
delivery and a receipt for the amount ta
ken. Officer* will be hold responsible for
the observances of the rule that soldiers
are never allowed to enter nrivate houses
or to rr.olest the inhabitants on any pre
text whatever, and every precaution must
K « taken to suppress looting or petty rob-
jfI.DVERTISEMENTS.
A NEW BOOK;
A plain, honest statement best tells the
story. My new book Is a clear, outspoken mes-
sage, which should be read by every man who
needs strength or suffers pain. This book tells
how to redeem yourself from past errors, to
recover lost power and triumph over every
form cf nervous weakness. It guides you to
the means of true pleasure and success in life.
shows how to acquire the enerey and manli-
ness which shall bear you through the world
In a way worthy of the position you fill. This
Interesting and valuable book will be sent free
upon application. Call or write and learn how
to be cured by my famous Electric Belt. This
Is an easy and sure remedy.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Karktt St.. Cor. Ketrny. S. F.
And cor. Fprlng and Second. Los Anreles.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mali? i
on Application.
COAL. COXB AND PIO JWON.
J-C WILSON &CO-, Tggg^
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEFH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH Mffr
CW.SVIITH Fh L p^ rr l vr "*>lnß. Steamboat
F.S i nnd Sh^ Woi> k a Specialty, li
and 13 Washington «t. Telephone Main Ittl
FRESH ANTJ SALT MEATS.
JAS FflYFS^fO ? h'PPl^ Butcher*. IM
FURS.
j. n. LvrziAU. t^ lax , oyyOT . C9X ?m ed#liß{
I'APHtt ORALHRT
TTILLMIULI 1 C 7r , MontKomery ?.
WWINTIN 1.
F C Hllfi!fF\ phin'tkp..
!• V- UUUIICd. m Sunycme st.. S. F.
DR. J. H. GILES OF SUTTER CREEK.
worse during the night. Dr. Giles tvas
sont for at tho requeHt of the woman and
before he arrived, Darlins averred, 3h<;
threw her arms about his neck and eald:
"I am going to die. Oh, If I had taken
your advice and not gene near that doc
tor. He used Instruments on me." Dar
11ns further testified at the Inquest tfcat
the doctor advised him to remove the
gown of the dead woman and burn it ba
fore the neighbors arrived an J that on tho
following day Giles offered to pay all
funeral expenses if the matter was hushed
up and Mrs. Darling's father qulpted.
While all of this, if true, look? bad fcr
Dr. Giles, there is another aspect ol the
case.
Believing his v.ife had been foully dealt
with, as he Bays, the ycung husband al
lowed the funeral to take place without
a murmur from him. Thero was talk
among the neighbors and Mrs. Darling's
father took the matter up. appealing to
Sheriff Gregory and District Attorney
Vlcinl. who notiilcd the Coroner. An In
quest was held on November 20, a post
mortem having been held the previous
day by Drs. Endicott and Gall. The jury
found that deceased came to her death as
a result of a criminal operation performed
by parties unknown. Notwithstanding dll
this the husband was not on hand to
swear to a warrant charging Giles with
the crime, but had. left the county and
was arrested in Sacramento and returned
to Sutter Creek by Sheriff Gregory, since
which time he has been energetic in his
prosecution and bitter In denunciation of
Dr. Giles.
Aa matters stand there are strong: parti
sans on both sides, although the general
belief amonp the best people of Sutter
Creek is that both Darllnc and his wife
hr.d conferred with the doctor; that the
husband and physician had agreed that
nature should take its course: that Mrs
Darling performed the operation that re
sultt-d in her death and that In the exam
ination she told her husband of. the doc
tor merely sought to ascertain the ex
tent of the Injury.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33. 1
g 222-224 SUTTER STREET g
| SPECIAL g
§ MONDAY-TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY |
S Eegs, choicest table doz 25c S
§ Tea, 10 kinds 40c Ib t
O n-pularty Me <£
8 Winslow's Corn can 10c 3
X Nrw rack. on reliable brand. Js
V rtppj'.arly 12'tc. Jf
| Bay Rum pt bot 40c, qt bot 65c §
S Fln*«-t tKC<rt*d. our b;ttl'.ng. rt
q Rejnlarly SSc ur.i lie. o
3 Walnuts Ib 12 l-2c |
New Callfcrnlßn. Rcjrular'.y lie. 5
U Sardines, French imported 3 tins 25c |
? Waste Baskets 15c, 25c, 40c |
y Tfcre* sizes. Extra strong. Mada S
M of ipl'.t bamboc. Regularly 23c, »Cc £5
o Trays 1-3 per cent off §
O PteH Ilr.f fancy lacquerM papier i 5
f< morh?. round. »r]u*r» ajid cblong. Q
X Will resist hot water.
| Rock and Rye bot 85c |
rt Grrman rock candy and pur» ry« J>
X whisky. Excellent for CoUi'!l» and R
£ cc! '.3. Retruhirly |1. g
g La Favorita Zinfandei dozqts $3.15 |
X Choicest table wlr.e. Re«ml»rty "X
q $3 75. Cannot be equaled at this price, w
g Sweet Wines 3 bots $1.00 |
8 Pure CaltfornJan Port. Sherry. To-
ft kny. Argelica, Muscatel. Madeira, w
w Regularly Me bottle. g
| Best Tonic bot 20c; doz $2.25 |
<> Tabat Malt Extract, insular Bo: g
§ Greenwood's Chimney Cleaners g
§ New, pkg 25c §
rt Clean ycur own chimney; no dust. «
no troubl*. ncn-exDloslv*. Does th» U5
« wcrk la Eve minutes. j*
| Cigars— El Amor §
S Clear Havana, Key West; 13 filf- S
Ql ferer.t sizes. S
S Free delivery to Oakland. A!ams£a 8
S ar.'l Berkeley. S
R Country nrd»m caryfully packed and S
O ihlrr^il ir«-e 100 n-.lles. g
i O Send for Catalogue. Q
SNAPS A CORD IN HER
THROAT BY YAWNING
Peculiar Accident That May Cause the
Death of an Omaha
Woman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. N<?br.. Jan. 21.— Mrs. Durbar, by the act of yawning and stretch
lr.?, snapped a cord In the right side of her neck nnd ns a result now lies
In a precarious ccnt*.itlon. the is a nurs* at the Presbyterian Hospital. Aris
ing <-arly in the roorninjf, ehe yawned excessively, and when tho cord snap
ped phe iost the pow?r to control the movements cf the head. It was nec
c*sarjr for her to take both hands and eet the head erect, as Jt had fallen
backward. Later it fell over side wife and it wns necessary for Mrs. Dun
bnr to reset it with her hands. The Fyrrptoms were those of an injury re.ich
ing ns far as the spinal cord. Afte r the head had been set in proper placo
bjr the attending physician there was a numbness and fccjlnp of tightness,
which became FickerJrsg in the extreme. The patient is somewhat better
this eventec, but the doctor cannot now predict certain recovery.
JIaJl, Hamilton. Harrier. Haugen. Ilati-lry. Ilay.
H^djre, Henry (Connecticut) Henty «il!ftl«
*irpi). Henry (Texas). Hepburn. Hill. Howard.
Howell. Hull. Jack. Jett. Johnson. J y. Kahn,
K-rr, Ken-ham. Kitchln.KUittz. KUbtrg, Kn )X,
litrab, I^nrdi?, Ijan^, 1/ir.nam, I^attmer. Law
rence. Lentz, Levy, Lewis, I.inney. Llltauer,
Little, iJHlefiVld. Livingston, i/orr. l^rimer.
Loud, Loverlng. Lytirand, Mf-
Aleer, McCail, McCulloch, McDowell. McLaln.
&lcPher»on. Urliae, Mahon. Mann, May, Meeki
ron. Mercer, Mcxirk. Melee If, Meyer, Mirr*.
Miller. Moody, Moon, Morran, Morris, MuMer.
Naphen, Nepdham. X«»vU!e. Newlar.is, Noon.-in,
Norton (Ohio*. Norton (South Carolina). Oira
¦ie<l, Otey. Packer, Parker. Payne, Pearce,
Pierce. Phillips, Polk, Powers. Prince, Quarle*.
Kar.fidell. Heeder, Rhea (Virginia), lUcliardFon,
BMcdy. Kixey, Robbing, Roberts (Mas?achu
eett«), Robertson, Kcbinson (Nebraska), rtcdrn
berir, Rus«-11, Hyac (Pennsylvania), . Salmon,
Hcudder. Shatturk, Shelden, Sheppard, Sher
man. £ho».-a!ter. Slbley. Slmt, Slayden. Small,
t?mith (IHInoiF). U.C. tmlth, W. A. Srai:h,£nod
jrreM. Southard, Sparkman. Stark, Flight.
Fj-rague, Stalling*, Ftsrk, Ktephen*. Stewart
<New Jersey). Stokes. Su!;er, Sutherland.
fwamon, Ta'lvrt, Tat>?, Tawccy, Taylor. Terry,
Thayer. Thomas (Icwca), Thomas (North Caro
lina), Throrr. Underwood, \'na Worn!?. Vree
land, WachLer. V."anj?r. Warner, Weaver,
Week*. Weymouth. White. J. It. Williams. vV.
C Williams. Williams <MiF6i*£l,npl). Wilson
<New York). Wilson i^cuth Carolina). Wri~ht.
Young <Pennsjl\si.la*, Ycung (Virginia;.
Zlejler.
Those Representatives who favor deny
Allen (K*ntu<"lry) B I?abco?k. P.tk'-. usrr.^y.
Burton. Buil«t. Ch»n!er. Co-per (Wisconsin),
Cousins, CuFhman, l>.ra;.-. Fitz;>a'.ricl£. Fl?tcher,
Gamble. Gilbert. li< airaway, Jor-fs (.Virginia),
Jones (Washinrtonj. Lacry. Ma<idcx, Miror
Ray <.N>«v York), ltboa. < Kentucky), HuckT.
Smith (Kentucky), Tur::*r, Whetler iKeu
turkv), Zenor.
This poll by r.c moan? Indicates the fcH
Rtresstli of the support that BUI be i?iv3n
to the bill when a veto Is finally taken.
Many mon ir: ibe IloubO classed us non
committal arc >-tiongly Inclined to ravar
the Hepburn measure, but are ucviUiajg
to commit thczasslvc* before they have
eeen the rrpcrt cf the committee. Pome
cf those who arc uppose-J to action at ih'.fc
time will, arben confronted wi;h the ne
cessity ol going on record, vote for ti>e
bill. It is *nfe to Fay that at Iran fcur
fifths of both fccuses will vote Tor ;lie
measure.
Somt' opposition to action at this s*>s?ir.n
¦will l>e based on the grounds of economy.
Chairman Onincn of the House Ccm»T<'t
tpe on Appropriaiicrs. while non-comrr.:t
tal. is expectefi to strongly oppose the
bill. Arptim;. r.t will fcr made that if il.e
Fhlp subeidy 'nil Js pass<-d economy will
have to be practiced along other Hn/v.
and that the Nicaragua car.al hill ousrnt
to be held back until th«Te has been some
reduction i:i rxpeinUturei on account of
th>- Philij'pir." Insurrection and until the
Walker commfi>slon has submitted its
final report. -..'.'» estimate*.
In the Scant* t!:e j»»r.timont Is over
whelmingly In favor of the prompt pnns
age of the Nienra?;u.'t ranal bill. Sea
store who rxpriff tio decided preference
one way or the other are argely a«lmi:i-
Sstratlon men, who frfjl b*- influenced in
their votes by the d?p.':<.-«? of the President
and administration lou<iors. The knowl
edge that President McKlnley is anxious
to see the canal bill passed by this Ccn
press will, it is believed, insure the votes
of those Senator* for the measure.
Kaiser Angered by Seizures.
BERLIN. Jan. 21.— There Is the beat
authority for the statement that those
parts of Count yon Bulow's speech in the
Reichstag last Friday when replying to
Herr Moeller's interpellation, which con
tained severe strictures upon the Brltl.sn
policy and a warning to England, were
due to Emperor William's expressed wish.
His Majesty Is said to be "thoroughly in
accord with the nation in condemning
Great Britain's manner of searching Ger
man vessols."
Gift of Butter to Soldiers.
LONDON. Jan. 21.— The committee ¦ of
Danish farmers han sent to the Princess
of Wales J2.000 boxes of choice butter for
the British soldiers in South Africa. She
has accepted the gift In the name of the
sick and wounded, and has returned a
complimentary message, which concludes
with the phrase: "Especially an It is a
present from my native country, Den
mark."
Enlisting Colonial Troops.
CAPS TOWN. Jan. 21.— Recognizing the
importance of colonial troops. Lord Rob
erts- ha? authorized the formation of a
complete division of colonials, under Gen
eral Bryant. It Is Intended to raise in
Cape Colony additional mounted irregu
larn. As a further mark of favor Lord
lloberts. It is s-ald. intends to select his
own bodyguard from the colonials.
*
French Reports a Demonstration.
LONDON, Jan. 21.— The War Office has
received the following from Lord Robertß,
dated Cape Town, January 21:
"General French reports a demonstra
tion with cavalry and two guns toward
Hebron on Friday, but that otherwise the
situation is, unchanged."
The Maine at Cape Town.
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 20.— The American
hospital ship Maine, from the West India
Dock?, London, arrived here to-uay.
S;.rcia! Disrate!] to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 21.— 1. H. A'.exls,
who was a lieutenant !n Roosevelt's
Rough Riders and wa? wounded at Sa.n
Juan but now ii a clerk In the postoffiee,
has given notice of his intention to re?i?;n
in order to enlist two or more companies
of Rough Riders for service with the
Borrs In South Africa. Alexis says he
was commissioned to do so by Otto yon
Buellah, a German officer, who arrived
here a short time ago from Mexico pro
vided with necessary papers from Presi
dent Kruger and General Joubert ai:d
with an abundance of money. In addition
to pay as officers, bounties were prom
ifed Alexis and other men who enlisUd.
Alexis is a native of Louisiana, but was
Indian agent in Arizona at the time of
his enlistment in the Rough Riders.
BRITISH CAPTURE
A FRENCH S TEAMER
sp»«-fai Dispatch to Th« Oil!
LOORENZO MARQUEZ. Jan. 21.— The
French steamer Glronde was captured
last night while trying to come into ibis
port by a British cruiser and taken to
Durban. The Glronde was, signaled to
stop, but crowded on Bteam In an attempt
to escape. The cruiser then fired a sl.ot
across her bows and signaled she would
fire upon her. This brought the French
man up, und a prize crew was put on
board.
bery by any connected with the army.
When supplies are absolutely necessary
for the subsistence of the army and the
Inhabitants are unwilling to meet such
demands, commanding officers may, after
havinc satisfied themreives by careful
pen=or;al investigation that such supplies
are necessary and available, order these
in such cases to be taken by force, full
receipt therefor being given."
KOPJES CARRIED AT
THE BAYONET'S POINT
SPEARMAN'S CAMP, Jan. 21.-10:20
p. m.— After ten hours of continuous
lighting nnd terrible lire yesterday Gen
eral? Hart and Clery advanced 1000 yard.*.
The Boers maintained an irrtzular lire
during the night, but tho British out
posts did not reply.
This morning at daybreak the Boers
opened a Miff fire. The British stood to
the guns, where they liad flept. ar.d the
engapr-ment .was renewed vigorously.
The fled artillery poured shrapnel into
the enemy's trenches. A rumor that I.acly
smith had b?cn relieved enlivened the
British* who sent up a ringing cheer.
This was taken as the signal foe an ad
vance. The first kcpj<> was carried at the
point of tho bayonet; and the Eo<vrs re
treated to the next kepje. which, like
rr.cst others, was strewn with immrnsc
bowlder?, surmounted by mounds en the
summit.
Tho British Eivanced cteadilr. ar.d the
Fo«rs relaxed slightly. Th<> latter did
not Fliov,- such tenacity as previously.
Their Nordenfrldtfl were fired at long in
tcrvais and their cannon but Feldom. Ap
parently the Beers were short cf ammu
nition.
All day the rojjr of mufketry fire con
tinued. The Briti!-h teck three Boer posi
i (Ices r.n th«? mountain; and found shelter
j behind the bowlders.
BOERS CLAIM THE
BRITISH ARE TRAPPED
fprclsl n^natch to Th? Call.
LORENZO MARQI'EZ. Jan. 22.-Ac
cordin^- to J3oer advices Bu'.ler's crossing
'¦T the Tu<r*r;:t wsj> a part of a Boer plot
to lur" th?' British Into a trap and it is
sniJ to have admirably succeeded. One
column of infantry, cavr.'.ry and artillery,
with en accompanying baggage train,
<ror«<l without the firi-.ig of a shot by
the Boors and was immediately surround
ed. The condition of the column was so
perSoos that a movement of the entire
British srmy to hprelicf was made nec
essary. It Js now shui up between two
ratiK.>< of ko;ves. where it cannot use Its
big guns nor in any wsy assist in t);e
wooing o;u its own relief. At Pretoria
it ir v?*.'lrr?tni<\ th? movements since
Thursday have heen a series of brilliant
Boer victories. The it nerves at Pretoria
are still hrl'.!. there being no reed for
them yet at the front.
ROUGH RIDERS TO
JOIN THE BURGHERS
To Cure a Cold in On« Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druesists refund the money if it fails to cur*.
E. W. Grove* signature Is on each box. 23c.
STATIONE { ANO PRINTED.
7 "^?. hU PARTRIDGE
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. SSHfcS
pjAMONU COAL MINING CO.. at Its ORCEN
RIVEU COLLIERIES, ia the Te»t Coal In ib«
ic*rk»u Orflc« and Yards— »i» Main «tre«t-
CHAPELLE REQUESTED
TO REMOVE THE FRIARS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— A World special
from Manila says:
Monselgnor Chapelle. the papal delegate
to the Philippines. Is receiving many peti
tions from the natives, who. while declar
ing their allegiance to the Catholic church
and their enmity to Protestantism, ask
for a native priesthood and the expulsion
of the friars. A Spanish paper received
here last week contained the statement
that Monseignor Chapelle would support
the Dominicans, that Nozaleda would be
retained as Archbishop and that the
friars would be returned to their parishes
and supported by the United States Gov
ernment in the exercise of the same pow
ers they held under Spain. All this Mie
Spanish paper declared had been ordered
by President McKlnley.
This statement caused a tremendous
sensation, not only among the natives,
but among tho American troops. When
a«ked about the matter Monseignor Cha
pelle said: "The statement is absurd. I
am engaged listening and learning, and
will announce my Intentions and decisions
later. I am convinced, however, that if
we were to leave the islands they would
fall Into a state of anarchy."
General Bates will soon return to the
Sulu Iflands. as General Otis fears thnt
his prolonged atsenco might cause an up
rising. _
RANGERS ORGANIZED.
AUSTIN, Jan. 21.— An additional com
pany of rangers was to-day ordered to
Biistrop. to remain there during the trial
of the men charged with the murder of
Arthur. Burford, the son of Sheriff Bur
ford, of Colorado County, who was killed
a few days ago by members of the Recce
faction. The trial Is set for next Wednes
day, and subpenas have been issued for
1240 witnesses. Tho rangers will disarm
every man as he enters the town. The
Governor has ordered that every possible
measure be taken to prevent further
bloodshed. : # ~-
BRITONS ID
BOERS BATTLE
- ... - •¦ ..¦•. •
Cortlnu^l frcm Flirt 1*4 j"6.
WORDS OF CHEER FOR
STRUGGLING BURGHERS
Members of the American Congress Address
a Monster Pro-Boer Mass-Meeting
at Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.-The Grand
Opera-house, the largest auditorium in
Washington, was packed to the doors to
night with an enthusiastic audience that
expressed its sympathy with the Boers in
their fight with Great Britain. Tho
speakers included members of both houses
of Congress, and on the ttage were other
public men, who came merely to add their
support. Tho keynote of the speeches
was that the Boers were fighting for their
Independence, as our forefathers had
done in 1776. The gathering assemble!
under the auspices of the United Irish
Societies, and a number of leading Ger
mans In the city joined in the movement.
The meeting was called to order by the
chairman of the executive committee, M.
P. T. Moran. the national treasurer of
the Ancient Order of Hibernians, who.
after a few words of welcome, introduced
Congressman Sulzer as the presiding of
ficer. Mr. Sulzer was greeted enthusias
tically. He said:
Ab an American citizen. I am not ashamed
to have It known that my sympathy is with
the heroic Boers In their determined effort to
maintain their homes and their independence
against the tyranny of the British crown.
In a. tizht between liberty and monarchy I
want to see liberty win.
Their cause is a just one. Encland's at
tempt to t-tenl their country is an outrage, an
act of criminal aggression and should be con
demned by the Christian powers of the world.
KngUnd must not be permitted to crush the
Boers and steal their horne 1 !. Her criminal
march of devastation must and will be
checked.
We must do our duty. This great republic. In
the name of liberty, humanity and free in
stitutions, must demand peace and make that
demand good. We have a right to express our
sympathy for the patriotic Koers. We have a
right to aid the Ked Cross Society In their be
half.
Senator Mason was first Introduced by
Chairman Sulzer. Said he:
I congratulate Washington, the capital of the
netlon, on this sympathetic demonstration in
behalf of a sister republic. The Boers are
right, but unless we can aid them in some
way their cause may not triumph. The bird
of liberty has hitherto always found a rest
ing plate in this country. Lately the American
people, it appears, have taken to eating carrion.
We do not want for the Boers the kind of lib
erty that England would give them. We want
the Boers to have the kind of liberty they
want. If yen have any influence lend your
voice to the cause of the Boers. If you have
no Influence but have convictions, Epeak your
sentiments.
Representative Bailey of Texas deliv
ered a vigorous address that was loudly
applauded. He said in closing:
I qm sick of hearing about our brothers
across the sea. England is brutal. It is not
merely Kngllsh greed of gold or desire /or
wealth that urges England on during this war.
She finds an opportunity to blot a republic
from the man of the world, and she does not
hesitate to do it. I blush to that there are
men under this flag who hope to see this crime
perpetrated, butthey hope in vain.
Senator William V. Allen of Nebraska
said In part:
A republic that will secretly connive and aid
a monarchy to destroy a sister republic and
blot out Its froe Institutions Is a republic rct
ten to the core and will soon fall like a de
cayed tree on the banks of a turbulent stream,
to be swept away forever.
The defeat of the Boer« will be the severest
blow to republican Institutions that ha.s been
("truck in a century and overy lover of liberty
should fervently pray that they may be suc
ceprful.
There is no doubt th» administration is b*
eretly in sympathy with Great Britain and
lending her all the aid it can. Kvery patriotic
citizen of the republic should condemn this.
Representative Champ Clark of Missouri
said:
The Senate cf the United States may laujrh
to scorn Senator Mason's resolution of sym
pathy with the Boers, but the tolling millions
of America will send their sympathy and their
hearty God-sDeed across the sea to the brave
hurchers who are the best marksmen eeen on
earth since Andrew Jackson's imomrtal day
at New Orleans.
A man cannot believe In the Justice of the
cause of the Boers and at the name time up
hold our Government's courne in the Phllln
pine?. The American flag will never wave In
triumph over the prostrate form of liberty.
Other speakers on the same general
lines as their predecessors were Kepre-
Kentatives lie Armond. Cochran, Rhea of
Kentucky and Lentz of Ohio, and Mr Van
Slcklen of New York. A number of letters
and telegrams were received. Including
one from Senator Hale of Maine, express
ing regret at his inability to be present
and entire (sympathy with the movement*
The following resolutions were adopted'
Whereas. The American people 6 un cherish
lessons and memories of 1776 and therefore fully
understand and realize the rapacious war which
Great liritain ia waging against a (small but
patriotic people, whoce misfortune is the pos
session of natural wealth coveted b- British
Ereed.
Whereas. In the prosecution of this robber
warfare Great Hritain has been balked, as yet
of her tyrannous designs and has therefore re
sorted to unlawful nnd barbarous war tactics
1. Th<? armlns nnd mobilizing of savages
2. The distribution of dura-dura bullets to her
soldiers, coupled with the i oast that the British
Government possesses 100.000.nC0 such missile*
3. The illegal seizure of merchandise en roue
from the neutral iiorts of the United States to
friendly Portuguese markets.
Whereas. The President of the United States
has not taken proper notice of these outraifs
m:ikinpr it necessary for the people at large "to
express their will through public assemblages
and serio'is warnings; therefore, the citizens of
the American capital in maFs-meetlng- assem
bled have
Resolved, That the people of the Oranpe Free
State and the Southern African Republic are
and of right ought to be free and independent
ami their civilization Is recognized to be equal
in morality to that of nny other i>eople, the
false wltnesH of tho British press to the con
trary notwithstanding. Therefore the precipi
tation upon them of savauc foes in allinnce with
trained soldiery threatens the repetition of. the
horrors of Wyoming, Fort Darlen and other
events, bitterly remembered by tho American
people, as ruthless Instances of British perfidy
and dishonor.- The attention of the President of
the United- States Is respectfully directed to this
feature, which Is a notorious matter of common
repute throughout the world.
Resolved. That this meeting, in concert with
the American people throughout thi» land, nemls
Its sympathy nnd Bond will and heartfelt en
couragement to the Boer 3 and reminds them
DUKE OFTECK
PASSES AWAY
Had a Splendid Record
as a Soldier.
LONDON, Jan. 22. — Francis Paul
Charles Louis Alexander. Duke of Teck,
who in 1566 married Prhicess Mary Ade
laide, daughter of Prince Adolphus Fred
erick, Duke of Cambridge, seventh son
of King George 111, died this evening at
"White Lodge, Richmond Park, in his
eighty-third year.
Francis Paul Charles Louis Alexander,
the Duke of Teck. the only son of Duke
Alexander of Wurtemberg and the Coun
tess Claudine, nee De Hhedey, to whom
he wa3 Morganatically married, was born
August 27. 1537. He entered the Austrian
army and served as major in the Austro-
Italian campaign of 1559, winning men
tion in the dispatches. He resigned his
commission In the Austrian service after
the Austro-I'nisslan war of ISG6, about
the time of his marriage, June 12 of that
year, to Princess Mary Adelaide, daugh
ter of the Duke of Cambridge, the sev
enth son of King George 111. In 1867 he
was made honorary colonel of the City
of London Artillery Volunteers, and
in 1574 honorary colonel of the
Twenty - fourth Middlesex Rifle Vol
unteers, "Port Officer." The same
year he was elected president of the
Royal Botanical Society of London, in
which he always took a most lively inter
est He had been for some years general
"a la suite of the Wurtemberg Dragoon
Regiment— "Queen Oiga,"
In 18S2 tho Duke made his first active
service in the Kritish army, serving on
the staff of Lord Wolseley in the Egyp
tian campaign winning mention In the
dispatches and receiving the Egyptian
medal and the Khedive's star. After the
campaign he was made colonel unat
tached, and later a general In the British
army.
His wife, who was a cousin of her Ma
jesty Queen Victoria, died greatly lament
ed by her family nnd the nation. October
27, 1597, after whion time the Duke led
a rather retired life. His daughter. Prin
cess Victoria Marie, born May 25, 1867. was
married July 6. 1«»3. to H. R. H. the Duke
of York, eldest fon of the Prince of
"Wales, and her son. now in his sixth year,
is the probable future King. The Duke
also leaves three son.«. Prince Adolphus
Alexander, now wuh the army In South
Africa born August 13. IS6S; Prince Fran
cis Joseph, born January 9, IS7O, and
Prince Alexander Augustus, born April
14. IS7I.
Lately the Duke hns lived almost en
tirely at the White Lodge, Richmond
Park, Surrpv^ ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON. Jan. 21.— The trial of Dr._J.
H. Giles, charged with tho murder of
Mrs. Jennie Darling of Sutter Crack
through a criminal operation per
formetl on November 9 last will hz com
menced in the Superior Court here to
morrow before Judge R. C. Rust. Owing
to ihe prominence of the partiea, especial
ly tho accused, and toe interest taken in
the case, a jury will not be easily secured.
Last week seventy-live talesmen were
drawn to appear to-morrow and the mat
ter cf selecting a jury will be cautiously
proceeded with on both sidts. Ex-Con
gressman Camlnetti will appear for the
defendant and District Attorney CharJes
P. Viclal fur the feonle.
Dr. Giles, the accused, has boon a prom
inent physician of the county for twenty
four years, enjoying a largo clientele
among the bpst families of Jackson, Sut
ter Creek and the surrounding countiy. A
man of education end refinement and the
head of a highly rcsp»>ctfd family, he had
many warm frlonds among the better ele
ment who were shocked on learning of
the serious charge made against him, and
yet the facts as they appear from the
testimony adduced at the Coroner's in
quest make It look as if the doctor had
lent himself to a crime that had resulted
in the death of Andrew Darling's young
wife.
Thpp? are circumstances in the case
which place the husband in an unenviable
light and strengthen the friends of Dr.
Giles in thfir belief in his innocence.
Darling claimed at tho inquest, held No
vember 20. that on the Cth of that month
h» called on Dr. Oiks and warned him
not to treat his wife in such a way as to
injure her and that the doctor agreed that
bo far as he was con<:icrned nature should
take its course; that on the 9th of the
month Mrs. Darling went downtown alone
and returned home quite sick, growing
DAILY PAPER TURNED
OVER TO A CLERGYMAN
topeka Capitol Will Be Issued Solely in
the Interests of Christianity for
One Week.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Jnn. 21.— The Rev. Charles M. Fh^ldon, author or "In i
Kis Steps." is to be given an opportunity to edit a daily newspaper us he
thinks a Christian dully should be edited. For the week bc-sinninp March 13
he will have absolute control of every department of the Toptka Capitol
news, editorial and advertising. At the Derolt convention of the Christian
Endeavor Society Mr. Sheldon asked what "philanthropic gentleman in this
age of munificent endowments to educational institutions wculfl give $1001 for
the creation cf a great Christian daily?"
The philanthropic gentleman has not appeared with the meney. but In re
sponse to the appeals of the leading citizen* of Tcpeka, Mr. Sheldon's home
town, Dell Keyser, the president of the Topeka Capitol Company, offered to
give the paper to Mr. Sheldon for cne week anc! tlie offer ha 3 been accepted.
It is understood that oble writer 3 are to assist Mr. Ehsldon and that >!ate*>
men, prominent divines and editors of roire of the dailies of New -ork, Chi
cago and St. Louis will help him by suggestions. Mr. Sheldon haj not yet
given any Intimation of his plans.
that as we triumphed aeralnst the same roo so |
may tiey. , !
Resolved, That we beseech and Btrenuoafljr
urertS the President of the United Btatr<« tt>»x*r
c!se t:.2 prerogative ve^tad in him by the ***¦£•
Conference lately arranged by the powers or toe
civilized wcrld. We brc him to cfTer his sror.l
offlci^ a* n neiMatnr between the Ho*r* in.l tne
British for the uellvernm-e nf thos-e unfortuntte
EnjfMshxrr ond their fainillCT, now b»lnfs pnn
ished vicr.rloufciy, fcr the crime of a brisana
cabal of e.-i.-i-ercbbers and lßad-hmigry con*
*plratcrs, not cne ct whem la at the forefront
cf the battle.
Renolved, Thrt wr» nolereEiy proteEt a'jai.'wt
the fhiument of rn:mit!rn« of war frcm th.s
country to? the use of Great I.trltaln.
FATHER O'BRIEN REPLIES
TO ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN
TOLEDO. Ohio, Jan. 20.— Father Patrick
O'Brien ci the Good Shepherd Church
who ree<;nUy presided at a pr.o-Ucerm2.B2
meetifig heru, to-day made public n
lengths' letter written in reply to ti»e
open Is;! tor of Herbert Cardinal Vaushnn,
Archbishop of Westminster, London.
This 3<:;ion wa« taken despite efforts of
priests 'and lnymen to have the reply,
which quotes Catholic theology at length,
against the Cardinal's utterances, sup
pressed. The letter is dateU January JO,
ai.J s:iys in part:
You say thtt justice Js on the s!Je cf Kntr
irjr.fi. Thf civilize world <3cr.le» th'.s, both
Protestants and Cathclic. Christian nations
look upon your w?r with the Bcern ns the most
uniusl e\er wa^ed by a civilized E-'-vtrrraent.
Catholic theology teaches us that siotdiers
«»ngaj!<J In an unjur.t. war cannot lav/fully kill
an enemy even in eflf-defense, becau-se they
are the unjust aggressors. It Icllows from this
tfachln? that all who en^aca In an unjust war
lire in a etate of mortal nln, and if tliey die
in impenitence suffer tlic less of their soul».
Tho.«o are the tcachiaKS of the Catholic
church on. tho subject cf war.
RALSTON'S PARTY LOST
VALUABLE PACK TRAIN
MANILA. Jan. 21.— The fifty men of
Company C, Thirtieth Artillery, Lieuten
ant Ralfcton commanding, who were am
bushed near Lipa, as already cabled,
were convalescents from the hospital,
who were going to rejoin the regiment.
The insurgents hid In the bushes along
the road and opened fire upon the pack
train from three sides.
The Americans, In addition to their cas
ualties, were compelled to abandon their
train, which consisted of twenty-two
horses. The latter, with their packs, all
fell into the hands of the insurgents, who
pursued the retreating escort for three
miles along the road, until the Ameri
cans were reinforced.
NEGROS REVOLT
WAS SERIOUS
Attempt io Overthrow
the Americans.
Special DJppatcb to The Call.
MANILA, Jan. 21.— Major John
pon, -with two companies of the
Forty-sixth JResrirr.ent, and Major
Mulr, with three companies of the
Thirty-eifhth, have defeated 800
rebels at Taal. They captured three
carnon and many other arms. Tho
American less was two ram wound
ed. The gunboat Marietta co-oper
ated with the- troop 3.
MANILA, Jan. 21.— Mali advices from
Negros brine particulars of the uprising
last month In the southern part of the
Island, in which Lieutenant A. C. Led
yard of tho Sixth Infantry was killec\«
Instead of being an unimportant re
volt of native police, ns was at first
reported, it appears to have been an at
tempt to overthrow American autnority.
The movement was started by the chief
oft.cial3 of the autonomous government,
the men who were elected and inaugu
rated with so much ceremony last No
vember.
Eleven of these officials, including the
president and several councilors, were
lodged In lall on a charge of plotting
treason. Several secured their release
under heavy fconda, but others remain in
prison.
General Smith found evlcler.ee that the
revolting police were following the orders
of the autonomous government, which de
signed to usf» the forces under Ita con
trol to overthrow the Americans. The
plot fnllf-d through bein^ started prema
turely, but liegron was in a state of un
easiness for a week. Two companies of
the Forty-sixth Infantry were hurrif«l
from Hollo to reinforce the garrison at
Bacolor.
The officials arrested include some of
the most prominent men In Negros. It
is believed that they will be expelled
from the Island.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1900.
CASE OF DR. J. H. GILES
READY TO BE HEARD
Sympathy for the Physician Owing to
Darling's Peculiar Actions.
Id° ot beliere there
JgjffijJ^Jiav is a case cf tivsprp-
jf^gWgQpSM sia. indigestion cr
rjj onjr Bto:nac^ trouble
Jpf -a^f 1 '' 111 * C3n " 4 r r ""
In •**•* u^^ry eTP(^ at once and
Pa permanently cnr?ii
V * J¥ bvmv DYSPEPSIA
*?siii^^^J^fi?N 250. a yin!. Guide
- to Health anr! mMi-
I 1 F ; cal advice fre«». 1505
- Arch street. Phila.
8^ R II PTIIP F
\]s^ uUilJjUi
WHKN we say "RUPTURE CURED" w<»
mean it. for It is a fact that taousantls of cures
have been accomplished by Pr. Fierce'a World-
renownei ELECTRIC TRUSS during th» paat
twenty-flve years. There Is nothing elee Ilka it
on earth! It does the work! Have received so
many letter* and testimonials that we hardly
know what to do with them all. If ruptured in-
vestigate at once, our prloea are reasonable,
hut not cheap. We make v.-> discounts. "C»r.
Pieree's" is THE truss, and you cannot bt*
happy till you gt.'t It.
You can get our "tfPOKLnT No. V for noth-
ing by calling at the efflce. or It will b« sent to
you on receipt of a 2-cnt stamp. It tells ail
abmit this TRUSS. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
«2\> Market stre«t. SAN FRANCISCO.
58 Tribune building, NEW YORK.
Aseptic
Eye=Glasses
Ask your doctor bow ImDortant they arw^
New Clip makes them so, and it don't slip.
tilt or waver.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair*
Ing. Factory en premises. Fbone Main 10.
642 Market St. wstßuwNTs
MXBilt CMOniC-.t BuuDi*b
r^& THE NEW
tfrtW mth Day. *->*» '%, if. TuCttbUt,
VITAIII 20th Day /ZL -i 3 DCM CIV
RESILTH. lt< l iiick:j*«ar»l7r»'mnr*!i\ervoiiir.«». l«>u«. T.nl
Dr»»m*.^«»tinj Dt»«M«»* *il »ff »cis of wlf.»hu«« or »»p»«»^*
t.Kincrmonv Rntor<-9 Lo*t Vitiiitr. Prrxtr * riilm« Memory.
Wartl^ ofl loftanitv »n'i r<>^«nmptipn Cor«* when illoth*r-*fz:l.
loaitt on kntaa VIT \ I.I :«. no othar. Can b* c,r~->. m v»<t
1-rkn. llviiK'ltl.lMifr |..ck.i.-i. .r vt for »;».««> wttb a
»u»r»rt»*t.» « - or» or r.rtun-i thr ¦»¦¦> r-rrnlar Fr« AMrm
CALUMET CCHC t »>.. 83 t I>«jirbarn *t., Chlc*«»
Sold in Sao Francuco »1 v i»U.i 1 by lha Ow> bruf Co
" "drTpi lrceS ]
MEDJCASL
FOR THE
BHQQP.m VER,B.DMGS.j
jf^^t-clIEs *»^ !•!¦•¦ t. 3r>ornitorrh.»^
KtijS' in '•• J cl ** 1 yli "Mtea uani: v r a ¦ nZ
y>«^|ntEEw«3CKEMTffii f!o. braafs Soi>-aatrin?ent.
c '• a 5-S ?' <ort ID olall > '•¦"r^r,
<V'tV*N»____^V'^C7j •: sirrs*?. c repaid "i^
Weak Men and Women
v^..,^t ilfxi.:»n rerni-fly; s :ve« health nsA
i-;r.-?:gtt. ti ir>xt;al r.ryuna. IV-rot. XT. M.jrk-T*
SPECIAL RIU «D TRIP TICKETi TO
PASO ROBLES 2S&«£
. PRI.NG"..
Mcs: rotefl ihneral Bprlnr* In Unit-4 Stit««.
Marrrtoas cures ot Kh«urnatism. nioo.l. Liver.
KtOner. Stomach and other tfiaocdm Appiy
FXI.V.NK \V. EX-i". ctur Aieat. (HO Market UL,
2TlB Market St. and Cor. Rowel I and Eddy.
WOMEN TREATED
AS WILD BEASTS
Horrors of the Havana
Prison.
Special Difsatch to The CaM
HAVANA. Jan. 21.— The women's prison
here reveals a condition that Is immeas
urably worse than that which prevails
In the men's quarters. The women's
jirison is apart from the men's, bting in
unother part of the city. It has several
hundred inmates.
After Major Huncie and Colonel Dudley
finished their report on the carer 1 and
preKidio, they investigated the women's
prison. The place was utterly tilthy.
Sanitation was disregarded even in the
Havana sense of the word. There were
DO cots or blankets in the prison, and the
wretched inmates were obliged to sleep
on the stone floor. There was not a
woman attendant in the place.
The shamelcEsness of the whole prison
administration was shown by the fact
that women who had been confined for
more than a year had given birth to
childn n. This circumstance was known
10 thos*» cognizant of prison conditions,
but arouse*] no Indignation. The present
administration intends to wipe out this
disgrace.
Samples freely given. If out of town write for sample catalogue No. 2.
AUTHOR OF "LORNA DOONE"
CALLED TO FINAL REST
RICHARD DODDRIDGE BLACKMORE. ;
LONDON, Jan. 21.— Richard D. Blackmore, the novelist, died to-day.
Richard Doddridge . Blackmore was probably best known as the author
of "Lorna Doone." and the charming book added greatly to his literary
success, which did not come until late in life. Blackmore was born In
Longworth, Berkshire, England, in 1525. He graduated from Exeter Col
lege. Oxford, and afterward studied law in the Middle Temple, practicing
his profession as a conveyancer.
In 1554-5 ha published several volumes of poems under tho norn de plume of
Melanter. These works, however, did not attract a great deal of attention, nor
did "The Bugle of tho Black Sea" and the complete translation of Virgil's
"Gcorglcs," which appeared in 1871. "Ix>rna Doone." his masterpiece, was pub
lished in 1563, but its popularity was of a very slow growth at first, which later
developed with great rapidity, as may bo evidenced by the fact that in IS7S twen
ty-two editions had been published.
NO FREE TRADE WITH
THE PHILIPPINES
Open Door Policy Will Be Pursued by
This Country for at Least
Ten Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.—Representa
tive Payne's bill to extend the customs
and Internal revenue laws of the United
States over the island of Puerto Rico will
be considered by the House Committee on
Ways and Means during the present week.
The bill extending the revenue laws over
Hawaii is also to be advanced as rapidly
as possible. "II
It is not intended by Congress that any
of the Insular possessions of the United
States except Puerto Rico and Hawaii
shall be brought Into the revenue system
of the United States. The present policy
of the administration and of the leaders in
Congress is to have the Philippines per
manently retain their own tariff against
the United States and all other countries,
giving all other nations the same trade
advantages that are enjoyed by the Uni
ted States, in accordance with the "open
door" principle. Under the treaty with
Spain the United States is obliged to
maintain this system for ten years at
least. >':. ¦;_•_ '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEORIES ABOUT FOOD.
Also a Few Facts on the Same Subject.
We hear much nowadays about health
foods and hygienic living, about vegetari-
anism and many other fads along the
same line.
Restaurants may be found In the larger
cities where no meat, pastry or coffee Is
served and the food crank is in his glory,
and arguments and theories galore ad-
vanced to prove that meat was never in-
tended for human stomachs, and almost
make us believe that our sturdy ancestors
who lived four score years in robust
health on roast beef, pofk and mutton
must have been grossly Ignorant of the
laws of health.
Our forefathers had other things to do
than formulate theories about the food
they ate. A warm welcome was extended
to any kind from bacon to acorns.
A healthy appetite and common sense
are excellent guides to follow In matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats Is undoubtedly the best.
As compared with grains and vegetables,
meat furnishes the most nutriment in a
highly concentrated form and is digested
and assimilated more quickly than vege-
tables and grains.
Dr. Julius Ttemmeon on this subject says:
"X^rvous persons, people run down in
health and of low vitality should eat meat
an,d plenty of It. If the digestion is too
feeble at first It may be easily corrected
by the regular use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after each meal. Two of these ex-
cellent tablets taken after dinner will di-
gest several thousand grains of meat, eggs
or other animal food In three hours, and
no matter how weak the stomach may be,
no trouble will be experienced If a regu-
lar practice Is made of using Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets because they supply the
pepsin and diastase necessary to perfect
digestion, and every form of indigestion
will be overcome by their use-
That large class of people who come
under the head of nervous dyspeptics
should eat plenty of meat and Insure its
proper digestion by the dally use of a safe,
harmless digestive medicine like Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets composed of the nat-
ural digestive principles, pepsin, diastase,
fruit acids and salts, which actually per-
form the work of digestion. Cheap ca-
thartic medicines masquerading: under
the name of dyspepsia cures are useless
for indigestion as they have absolutely
no effect upon the actual digestion of food.
Dyspepsia In all Its many forms is sim-
ply a failure of the stomach to digest food
and the sensible way to solve the riddle
and cure the dyspepsia is to make dally
use at meal time of a preparation like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which is in-
dorsed by -the medical profession and
known to contain active digestive princi-
ples.
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets at 50c for full treatment.
A little booklet on cause and cure of
stomach trouble mailed free by address-
ing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich
DELAY IN PRESENTING
GERMANY'S NAVAL BILL
Measure Will Net Be Laid Before the
Beichstag Before the Middle
of the We:-L
Fj-^cial Cab> to TV.p <*all and N*-w York Her
ald. Copyrighted, Hm, by James Gordon
Bennett.
BERLIN. Jan. 21.— The naval bill will
not be laid before the Reichstag until the
middle of the week. The Lokal Anzclger
Ftates that the cost of the new programme
will amount to 1,600,000,000 marks (about
$400 .000 .WON. The Frcisinige Zeitung, the
organ of Hrrr Kugen Rlchter, leader of
The Radical party, maintains, however.
That the appropriation will amount to
2. 600 .000 .<v>0 marks «SOCS.<K«O.OOO).
H<>rr Woermann. president of the board
<-,f directors of the German Kast Africa
line, has addres-r-d a telegram of thanks
to Count yon Bulow declaring that under
pueh protection German shipping will. In
ppite of all opposition, continue to de
v-lop.
In regard to the mission of Herr B<?or
naert. the representative cpf the Belgian
Government, the Berliner Taphlatt learns
¦that the fronrier dispute and Kiwusce af
faJr has been arranged in principle and
n mixed commission wll! proceed to the
Fpot and will delimit the frontier In such
a way that neither Germany nor the Con
jro State will Buffer any loss of territory.
The Kaiser Intends to confer yet an
other honor on Prince Eulenburg. the Ger
man Kmbessador to Vienna, by railing
him to the Prussian House of I»rd<=.
The annual chapter of the order of the
Blai-k Eas!f was hel<l at the Royal Castle
to-day and passed off without incident.
BRITISH STEAMER
SUTTON IS WRECKED
Goes Ashore Off the Coast of Dela
ware and Her Crew Is Rescued
With Difficulty.
LEWES <Del.), Jan. 21.— The British
tteamer Sutton, with a cargo of iron ore
from Carihapena. Spain, for Philadelphia.
Ft rand ed on Fenwlck Island shoals, about
right miles from here, about 6 o'clock on
Saturday morning during a dense fog.
After working all dny .to back off the
Fhoal. the vessel; from constant pound-
Ing, bfgan to fill and settle. After dark
ness had settled In Captain £ik« lired
rocket* ;<rid burned colored lights and at
tracted the attention of the revenue cut
ter Onondaga. which was patrolling the
<oast. She immediately sent boats to
rescue the cr*-w of twenty-four men.
This was difficult, as a heavy southwest
tzH\n was blowing at the time, but by the
*tid of the Onondaga's searchlight tho
met) were taken from the stranded vessel
at midnight, and the whole crew were
brought :r, the Breakwater. It is feared
the button cannot be Eaved.
GROWING TRADE WITH
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
Total Valuation of Goods Entered at
JHani!a During Three Months
Was 55.802.581.
WASHINGTON. J*n. -I— The War De
partment made public to-day a statement
thowing the imports at the port of
Manila fir the three months of July,
August and September last, being the first
official data relating to Imports during
t-o long a period since American occupa
tion.
The total value of merchandise entered
at tho Manila custom-houfc in the three
months nanr*d was $T..«K!.M. In addition
therr was 552.C20 in gold coin and $L'D5 2^4
in silver coin from British India, and
$32.7"7 in silver <-oin from China, bringing
the aggregate of Imports up to $6,443.1)2.
or at the. rate of more than $23,200,000 a
year from Manila alone.
The growing nature of the trade is
shown by a comparison with the amounts
for all Philippine ports for the fifte3n
years ending with 1594. during which time
the average yearly imports of the archi
pelago only amounted to $17,033,044, or ap.
prnxlmatcly two-thirds of the valuation
indicated by the trade of three months
ending with September. 1539, for Manila
clone.
Tho values of importations of merchan
dise from the various countries which
furnished more than the United States
are piven as follows:
'•hina. $:.454.10T; United Kingdom. J916.
fid; epain. 5062.103; Australia, ilii.iX;
FINAL WEEK OF
ROBERTS CASE
Action to Be Taken in
the House.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2L— The feature
of the proceedings in the House this week
will be the consideration of the case of
Brigham 11. Roberts, the Mormon Repre
sentative-elect from Utah. The case has
attracted intense interest all over the
country. Though both the majority and
minority of the committee which investi
gated the case agree that Mr. Roberts
should not sit as a member of the House
on account of alleged polygamous prac
tices, there will be a royal struggle over
the question of procedure upon which the
committee has split. The case will be
called up on Tuesday and two, possibly
three, days will be devoted to It. The
majority of the committee hold that Mr.
Roberts should be excluded, while the mi
nority contend that he be seated and then
be expelled, basing their argument for
this course upon the ground that Mr.
Roberts possesses all the constitutional
qualities for membership and that any at
tempt to exclude him upon the theory
that Congress has the power to add to
those qualities would establish a danger
ous precedent that might return to plague
Congress in the future. Littletleld of
Maine and De Armond of Missouri, who
presented the minority report, will make
a strong fight, and say they believe they
can convince a majority of the House
that the course they advocate is the only
proper one to pursue. The majority of
the committee on the other hand are con
fident that they will be backed by a ma
jority of the House.
Mr. Roberts is expected to make a plea
in his own defense. Should he be seated
in accordance with the contention of the
minority, a resolution to expel w;ill be
Immediately offered, and this doubtless
will carry by an almost unanimous vote,
although the majority in their report
have insisted that once seated a member
cannot be expelled for acts committed
before he was a member of the House.
To-morrow will be devoted to District
of Columbia matters and Friday to eulo
gies upon the life and public services of
the late Vice President Hobart.
The Senate again this week will devote
tself almost exclusively to speechmak
ing. A variety of subjects will be cover
ed. The two reports on the Quay con
test will be presented Monday or Tues
day, and as this contest is a privileged
question, it is not unlikely to receive early
attention. Senator Penrose, who Is in
charge of Quay's case, says he will ask
that the contest be pressed to an early
decision in the Senate. The Samoa n
treaty also will be take nup again in ex
ecutive session on the motion of Senator
Jones of Arkansas to reconsider tho vote
on which It was ratified. The treaty has
been alrcadv returned to the Senate by
the President to await the presentation
of the Arkansas Senator's motion.
Monterey. The wedding took place In
San Francisco, and was attended by the
Immediate family and relatives of the
contracting parties. Mr. White has been
for a number of years one of the man
agers of the Hotel del Monte property
here, having under his supervision the
ranch and livestock property and the Del
Monte stables.
Injured by Giant Powder.
PETAL.UMA, Jan. 2L— While Conrad
Eichman, a farmhand in the employ of
Jens Thomsen. near this city, was at
tempting to split logs with giant powder
to-day, the charge exploded prematurely,
lacerating his hand and fingers and cut
ting a gash over the righ,t eye. Medical
aid was summoned and the sufferer made
as comfortable as possible.
Successful Concert.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 21.—
The Stanford University Glee and Man
dolin clubs gave one of the most suc
cessful concerts of the season last night
in the new Assembly Hall, clearing over
$200. This reduces the net loss for the
season to $300.
Germany. 1337.823: I'nlted States, $329,114.
Eleven other countries furnished goods
in amounts ranging from $'.Ki.521 from The
Netherlands down to 1193 from Denmarx.
.Cotton and its manufactures furnished
J1.574.210 out of the total imports, of which
the United States furnished goods
amounting to $147 i*. The United Kingdom
furnished a total value of J^Go.^lG. Spain,
China, Germany, British East Indies, The
Netherlands, Switzerland. France, Italy
and Belgium all led this country, and only
Japan and Russia appear further down
the list.
ALMOST STARVED TO
DEATH IN THE HILLS
Terrible Experience of an Italian
Who Lost His Way in Marin
County.
»** j •
Sp^ia.l Dispatch to The Call.
SAN* RAFAEL. Jan. 21.— Frank Bap
tiste, an Italian who says he came from
Fairfax, was found yesterday on the
Frcitez ranch, about six miles out «f
San Rafael, by iwo horsemen almost in
sane from lack of food.
Tom Cordner and Harry Boland. super
intendent and exercise boy of the Alta
stable, were riding over the hills tin
the Freitez ranch in search of stray
stock, when Boland's attention was
drawn to a figure on an -opposite range of
hills. The man was apparently attempt
ing to attract the rider's attention, and
Boland rode toward him.
W'lx i he was within a few feet of Bap
tiste the Italian rushed to his horse's
head. and. seizing the bridle, poured forth
a mingled stream of Italian and English.
H« was t.-rribly emaciated, and his cut
and bleeding feet, torn clothes and gener
ally wild appearance Indicated that he
had been lost in the mountains and sub
fisted for over a week on berries and the
Lark of trees.
AJI Cordites and Boland could elicit
from him was the fact that he came from
Fairfax, was trying to reach San Rafael
and had wandered in the hills many days.
The two men took him to the ranch
house, where he was cared for, and later
brought into San Rafael.
It is thought that this may be the wild
man who has lately startled many who
have had occasion to travel the mountain
roads.
FAMILY ROW ENDS IN
A TRIO OF MURDERS
Three Inmates of One Home Shot to
Deata in an Italian Tenement
in New York.
>.E\V YORK, Jan. 21.— Three Inmates
of one home were shot to death in a fam
ily row which began in aji Italian tene
ment in East Eleventh street at noon to
day.
Anionio Colletti, 37 years old, married,
was shot through the lung and died in
his tracks; Caspar Colletti, 19 years old.
his brother, was shot in the breast and
died shortly after being taken to the hos
pital; David Salvatori, 40 years old, a
cousin of the Collettis, was shot in the
breast and died shortly after being taken
to the hospital.
Vincenzo Spinella and his son, Frank,
17 years old, have been arrested, charged
with the murder, and the police are still
searching for Frank Spinella, brother of
Vfnoenzo, who also played a part in the
tragedy.
The. tragedy began late last nlgTit be
tween Joseph Collett! and Frank Spinella
at the Spinella 'home. To-day young
Spinclla went around to the Elevonth-
Ftreet tenement and renewed hostilities
by assaulting Antonio Colletti. Colletti
r^sent'd the attack and his brother help
ed him. Vlnccnzo Spinella appeared on
the scone and a number of the Colletti
family's relatives joined in. This was
the signal for a general riot, and soon the
Mrect was filled with a shouting, strug
gling mob. For awhile pistol shots and
the cries of neighbors created a perfect
bedlam. When the police partol arrived,
and after the smoke had cleared away,
one dead and two mortally wounded men.
measured their lengths on the pavement.
AMERICAN ENGINES
ORDERED IN FRANCE
Baldwin Locomotive Works to Build
for the Paris and Orleans
Railroad.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 21.— The Bald
win Locomotive Works have obtained
from France another large order for en
gln.p. The order, which Is for thirty large
MMirheeled passenger engines. Is from the
Paris, and Orleans Railroad and is the
Jir.^t ord**r for locomotives ever placed by
the company with an American firm. In
design and manner of construction theso
ongines they will differ but little from the
lu-wheeled pa&sfncer engines built by the
Baldwins for American railways. They
will be heavier than at present in use on
the Paris and Orleans Hallway, showing
that French railway officials are awaken
ing to the importance of heavier motive
power and heavier equipment. The ••en
pines are to be shipped by August 1. The
Baldwins have Just shipped live locomo
tives to th<> Great Central Railway of
Kngland and live to the Great Northern
They are a!so about to deliver fifteen large
passenger engines for the Pennsylvania's
Western lines.
Warships at Panama.
fcpeciai cam* to Ine call an<l New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, r.OO, by James Gordon
Bennett.
PANAMA, Jan. 21.— The armored cruiser
Warsprite and second-class cruiser Phae
ton of the British Pacific squadron have
arrived from Central America on their
way south. _
Moving Mahe's Body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIOUX CITY. lowa, Jan. 21.— D. A. Mac
mullen leaves to-morrow morning for San
Francisco with the remains of his broth
er-in-law. Dr. Mahe. Wife No. 2 says she
will follow soon. JS Bne
- i
Buskin's Burial Place.
LONDON, Jan. 21.— The remains of John
Ruskin, In accordance with a wish ex
pressed yesterday, will be interred in
Conystone Church. The funeral will take
place on February 3.
of suits and overcoats which we are
making to order for $13.^0.
These pictures show the winter
overcoat and the cutaway frock.
Below we mention the styles in
detail.
At first thought you hardly real-
ize the importance of this sale. But
consider this :
We offer you eight styles of very stylish
garments, every one well made from good,
serviceable material, with a proper fit fully
assured. Your . protection is — we will please
you or return your money. So much for the
clothes.
Now, the price 1 It is very reasonable — in
fact, extremely low. Why? The cloth for this
sale was ordered before the raise in prices —
bought largely.
By our making a special price on the suits
and overcoats you are practically paying less
than if the prices on cloth had not advanced
a bit.
Isn't this worth your consideration?
As prices are now these suits and overcoats
are worth $17.50 and $20.00. That we are
sure of — you can count on it.
The clothes are made either with or with-
out silk facing.
sack suits
Single-breasted, plain lapels.
Double-breasted, plain lapels.
Single-breasted, silk facing; hi^h-cut,
double-breasted vest.
Double-breasted, silk facing on lapels.
cutaways
Cutaway frocks, well tailored, fit assured,
good selection of dressy cloths to choose from.
The strand is similar to the cutaway frocks,
but is shorter and has outside pockets. Makes
a very stylish business suit.
Box overcoat, fashionably tailored, fits like
the high-priced overcoat. Good selections of
Winter overcoat, knee length, stylish ma-
terial, velvet collar.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Jan. 21.— The clergymen of Frankfort have decided that next Tuesday shall he set apart tn
this city as a day of humiliation and prayer. Clergymen of all denominations announced from their pulpits this morn
ing that the events of the last week In Frankfort and the continued talk of the possible repetition of such affairs had
rendered necessary some stress to awaken the public conscience to dangers threatening the commonwealth of Frank
fort. Three services will be held on Tuesday, at which prayers will be offered asking that men of both parties may be
guided to act with wisdom and moderation, and that the danger of further bloodshed may be safely passed by.
. Attorneys of both sides were busy all day preparing evidence to be submitted during the week.
The Republicans have decided not to place William T. Clark of New York on the stand.
Tuesday Set Apart as a Day of Humiliation by
PMen of the Cloth in the City of
Frankfort.
CLERGYMEN TO PRAY FOR
KENTUCKY POLITICIANS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, -MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1900.
MEXICANS TOWNS
SEVERELY SHAKEN
Reports From the Interior Show
That Much Damage Was Done
by the Earthquake.
CITY OF MEXICO. Jan. 21.— News is
arriving from interior points affected by
the earthquake Friday night and Satur
day morning. Much damage was done
to property in Guadalajara, and the
City of Collma, capital of the State of
the Fame r.ajne. was the scene of terriflc
experiences, accompanied with loss of
life. The City of Mexico came off com
paratively unscathed in the earthquake,
few accidents occurring here or in the su
burbs, although some adobe huts In the
suburbs fell in and one bridge was partly
wrecked. The church of the Three Kings
at Atzctchazalco. in the suburbs, was
•"racked and will be closed for repairs.
Scientists are still studying the earth
quake from data now being received from
interior points.
SEVEN KILLED
Berioua Loss of Life Is Reported at
Tenimata,
COLIMA, M*x., Jan. 21.— An earthquake
fchock began here at fifteen minutes be
fore midnight Friday and assumed se
rious proportions at Tenimata, many
houses being badly injured and some of
light construction wore wrecked. Thert
¦was creat consternation and people
rushed into the streets, some barely es
caping with their lives. Seven persons
¦were Killed outright and sixty were In
jured and are being cared for by local
surgeons. It was reported that the vol
cano had burst Into eruption, but it now
appears that the phenomenon was con
fined to subterranean manifestations.
Local scientific men believe that the
earth "traveled from under the Pacific
Ocean," and that when news reaches here
from the const there will be Interesting
details. The Governor of this State has
appointed a commission to inspect the
churches and public edifices, while own
ers of houses Injured In the earthquake
will be compelled to put them in a con
dition of security.
Quiet has returned and there Is little
apprehension of further disturbances.
CHURCHES DAMAGED
Repetition of the Shock Feared at
Guadalajara.
GUADALAJARA, Mex.. Jan. 21.— At
midnight Friday an earthquake shock
cracked the arches and staircase of the
State Pa.ace and the porticos of the uni
versity and the De Gallado Theater, the
latter one of the massive structures here.
The churches of San Francisco and San
Jose were damaged. The formpr is one
of the handsomest edifices on the conti
nent an<l Is locally known as the Golden
Cup, from the magnilironce of its inte
rioi. The Government has closed Sagra
cio Church, fearing the dome will fall
down. Carman Barracks were severely
damaged, and news from Zanatlan and
Zarula state that several houses were de
molished. The shock was felt severely
U.X. San Bias on the Pacific and noises un
derground were heard resembling the
rumbling of a heavy sea dashing on shore.
Meteorlogist Conteras predicts a repeti
tion of the shocks.
Light at Vera Cruz.
VERA CRUZ. Jan. 21.— The earthquake
traveled across the country, reaching here
just after midnight Saturday morning.
The shock was comparatively light here.
H ad way's
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cau»«
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
h-ftlthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. ' Bladder. Female W-
rerularttle*. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of th«
Internal Viscera. 2So a box. At Drucrlsts.
MX tat mall RADWAT A OCX. Vtw xLtaT*
Entertained the Insane.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA CLARA, Jan. 21.— A few days
ago the students of Santa Clara College
rendered a splendid musical and literary
programme at the Agnews Insane Asy
lum, which was greatly enjoyed by all
who were In attendance. On Thursday
the college brass band will give a concert
for the Inmates and attendants.
Escholle- White Wedding.
Special Dlnpatch to The Call
MONTEREY, Jan. 21.— Miss Alice
Eecholle, daughter of the late Honore
Escholle, a pioneer of this place, was
married to-day to Charles G. White of
1 Qfijite flf|(j I
3If the water companies continue to combine in
Oakland water will be soon included in the list of lux
uries in the city across the bay.
. The friends of Esola seem to think that the only
requirement necessary to make a good Chief of Police
is to have kept out of jaiL
The French authorities at the Paris Exposition
have placed the Turkish and American buildings in
such positions as to create the impression that the
American building is an annex of the Turkish. Per
haps this is a delicate reference to our new in d dis
tinguished citizen, the Sultan of Sulu
The Oakland -minister who pined for the company
of "lushing friends" has probably discovered that his
freedom of selection was not in any way impeded by
a fearful flock. " %»'\'
Nickel-in-the-slot machines are no longer to be de
spised. Although he does not say as much, it is fair
to presume that Secretary of the Treasury Gage was
influenced by their ravages to point out in his recent
report the absolute necessity of providing additional
fractional coin.
The people of the Mission are renewing their agita
tion for the removal of the tracks of the Southern
Pacific Railroad from the district. The records of the
Morgue ought to make a good campaign document.
The advantage of .warning criminals through the
agency of a newspaper appears to be becoming pop
ular. The little town of Irvington has followed
auickly in the wake of San Francisco.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The latest proposed French battleship
of 12,416 tons is estimated to cost $5,555,
000 complete.
The Institute of Naval Architects In
Japan, started about two years ago, has
already 250 members.
Celestial thieves are causing consider
able trouble at the Wei-Hai-Wei naval
station. Some months ago a Quantity of
telegraph cable was "lifted" along the
coast and now about 6700 feet of cable has
been stolen.
The German battleship Woerth of 19400
tons ran aground November 25 last near
Eckernfoerde and damaged her bottom
greatly, but managed with all pumps
agoing to reach Wllhelmshofen. Her re
pairs will be very costly and take not
leea than three months.
Claim is made for the new French sub
marine boat Narval that she can steam
from any point on the French coast to
any opposite point on the English coast
and return. If such is the case, then the
Straits of Gibraltar could be dominated
from the port of Oran on the African
coast.
The commission trial of three hours of
the British cruiser Highflyer grave 9413
horsepower and a speed of IS.S knots by
the log. As compared with the full speed
trial, the horsepower on the last trial was
931 leßs and the speed reduced 1.3 knots
indicating that under service conditions'
with bunkers full, the increased draught
of water has a very marked effect on the
speed of the ship. :v..V
The Nymphe, a fourth-class cruiser for
the German navy,, recently launched at
Kiel, is of the improved Gazelle type 2SOO
tons, 32S feet In length, S9 feet beam' and
draws only 14 feet of water. Her engines
are of SOOO horsepower, calculated Co give
a ) speed of 21.5 knots under forced
draught. The armament consists of ten
4.1 inch and fourteen 1.4 inch quick-llrers.
besides four machine guns, two sub
merged-torpedo tubes In broadside and
one above water In the stem. The vessel
hrs a two-Inch steel deck and is wood
sheathed and copptred.
Thirty-five ships of war. not including
torpedo boat destroyers, were built in
Great Britain during 1899. Of these, seven
vessels of 69.100 tons and 53.000 horsepow
er were built in the five dockyards and
represent an outlay of $25,932,500 when
completed. Twelve vessels, also for the
British navy, were launched at private
yards, aggregating 63,222 tons, 111000
horsepower and a finished cost of $13 955 -
OCO. Sixteen vessels were built for foreign
navies, totaling 47,170 tons, 124,000 horse
power and an expenditure of $15,535,000 Of
this grand total of $63,737,500 nearly 30 per
cent was foreign money distributed
among British workmen.
The accident a couple of weeks aeo to
the Queen's yacht while being undocked
at Pembroke was caused through neglect
ing to put In the requisite '•stiffening bal
last." co that when the ship became
nearly water borne she heeled over about
twenty-five degrees and had to be shored
up. During the night 140 tons or pig iron
ballast and some water ballast was placed
on board, and when the water was ad
mittted into the dock the vessel righted
to within ten degrees of being vertical m
which condition • three tugs pulled the
yacht to her berth. With a dead load of
a couple of hundred tons of ballast 'it
would seem as if the design of the yacht
Is not faultless.
Three battleships, twelve cruisers and
three Kunbo&ts. were added to taa British j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is thin blood. It causes pale
faces, white lips, weak nerves
and lack of vitality. A blood-
enriching, fat producing
food-medicine is needed.
goes to the root of the
trouble, strengthens and en-
riches the blood, and builds
up the. entire system.
For Anemic girls, thin
boys, and enfeebled mothers,
it is the Standard remedy.
, ... . Soc- and fi.co, a!l drsgrirts.
SCOTT &. BOW.NE. Chemist*, Kew Y«t*.
HOTEL DEL COROXADO— Taks atfraata**
cf the rotirii-trip tickets. Sow ooly $60 ay
steamship, lr. !udins fifteen days' board at ho-
tel: longer «t -y. (3 00 per day. Apply at 4 Now
Montgomery street, Sa,n Fr&sdaoo.
If people are judged by the company they keep the
ambitious young police lieutenant, who is not wise
enough to let well enough alone and wants tc? be
Chief of Police, ought to 'feel uncomfortable in the
revelation that he owes his position to Dan Burn?"
The Mexican invariably exacts a stiff price for his
favors.
Because he believed the teachings of Christianity
forbadd him wearing his hat on the back of his bead
and shouting "Hello, Bill," to every friend he met on
the street, the Rev. James Maclnnes of Oakland has
resigned from the ministry. Many people fear he is
on the high road to^perdition, although he says he is
only headed for Chicago. /
Count yon Bulow, the German Minister of For
eign Affairs, says he intends to give the Reichstag
some inside information on politics in general.
Somebody must have given him a tip on how we do
things in San Francisco.
With a big row in progress in the Nevada Univer
sity and the professors of the Cincinnati University
lined up in battle array it would seem timely to re
vive a plea for the establishment of chairs of pugil
ism in our seats of learning.
At Chicago there is an end of harmony between
piano manufacturers .and their employes. It was
hoped that the soft pedal of arbitration would have
been effectual, but it. wasn't. Now the men ar c out
on a strike.
Personally Conducted Excoi«ioßs
In mis roved wtd»-Te«t:bul*d Pnllmaa tsnrist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Rcmte. Experienced
excursion conductors accosr.3*ny thes* txcur-
sicna to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chlcajra and Kansas C!ty evsry Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, &lontre*J
and Toronto every Wednewiay. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday aa4
Friday. Ticket offioe. 62$ Market street.
The only sure thins about a can's first
love is that It Isn't his laat.
Five- hundred Pyrosraphy Orxtflts now
In stock, $5. id and $9 each. Skins, leather
and Wooden articles for burning:, and de-
signs to work from. Sanborn, Vail & Co.
741 Market street. •
CaL glace fruit 50c per n» at Ttrwns*ad's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses as£ public raan by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 513 Moat-
comery street. Telephone Mam IiHX •
THE COMMERCIAL MUSEUM.
JJ — I ROM the conference called by President
I Wheeler to meet at the Hopkins Institute of Art
to-morrow evening to consider the proposed
establishment of a commercial museum in this city,
some definite plan providing for immediate action
may be confidently expected. The issue is not a
new one. It has been discussed by the press of the
I city and by the Merchants' Association, the Me
chanics' Institute and other organizations of a like
nature and is well understood by all who take an in
terest in it. There will be no occasion therefore for
any elaborate campaign of education.. Action may
begin as soon as a plan for undertaking the enterprise
can be formulated. . . - ¦
• The leadership in the conference which President
Wheeler has undertaken at the request of the trus
tees of the Mechanics' Institute is a good assurance of
success. In his inaugural address at Berkeley the
newly installed president showed his keen interest in
the commercial and industrial affairs of the State and
the city in what was said upon the subject of the
commercial college and the work it would have to
undertake in the development of the Pacific Coast.
Dr. Wheeler's relation to the movement therefore will
be that of a strong and earnest advocate and his
leadership will raise it from the degree of a mere mer
cantile venture to an enterprise of interest to the
I whole nation.
The success attained by the museum in Philadel
phia is an evidence of its value. Merchants and
manufacturers resort to it from all parts of the East
and letters of inquiry are received from every im
portant port or trade center on the globe. If such
an institution has been found beneficial in the East,
where the trade is mainly with European countries,
with whose people and commerce we are fairly
familiar, how much more beneficial will be a museum
specially devoted to the trade of the Orient, which is
as yet hardly understood?
The conference to-morrow evening ought to pro
vide the beginning of the work of establishing the
museum. The meeting was designed to be thor
oughly representative and if those who have been in
vited attend there will be present a body strong
enough to start the movement at once and bring
about its success.
THE STATUS OF TRADE.
I AST week was another good week in trade, as
j shown by the increase of 13.7 per cent in the
country's bank clearings and by the 235 com
mercial failures, against 262 during the corresponding
week in 1899. Thus far this year business has not ex
hibited the enormous gain over its predecessor that
1899 did over 1808. The gap between the failures is
tmalier and the gain in bank clearings less. Still,
when the immense trade of 1899 is considered, any
gain at all over that phenomenal year is gratifying,
es showing continued increase in business.
There is another point in these statistics. The ga:'n
in dearing?. unlike that in 1899. is not general. Dur
irz the whole of last year all the important cities ex
hibited a monotonous gain week after week, the ex
ceptions being few and far between. But this year
these same cities arc running irregularly. Thus last
week New York showed a loss of 22.5 per cent, while
St. Louis, Philadelphia and Baltimore also fell off.
The gain in Pittsburg, too, was comparatively light,
being only 19.5 per cent, against recent gains of 50,
75 and even over 100 per cent. This shows less boom
xn the iron and steel trade. Still, this line continues ac
tive, though chiefly on old orders, new business being
lighter than during the last half of 1899. Production
is as hard pushed as ever, but the fuel question is
giving manufacturers some concern. The West is
sending in heavy orders for steel rails, which points
to railroad activity in Chicago lines.
The other staples are reported strong, with some
increase in the demand. Cotton is quoted fraction
ally higher, with a good inquiry, which is ascribed to
better British prospects in South Africa. Wool is
likewise very strong and fine wools have now touched
the highest point in twenty years. Prospects for a
large domestic consumption, coupled with higher
prices in Europe, have vivified coffee, which is being
bought freely on speculative account. Lumber main
tains its strength, owing to smaller stocks in the
Northwest and indications of a heavy building de
mand during the coming spring. Cereals continue
disappointing, owing to the large supplies here and
abroad and wheat continues to decline slowly, though
corn and oats are showing more or less strength, the
former especially. The boom in boots and shoes
shows some signs of wavering. While shipments
from New England on old 'orders are heavier than
ever before known, it is said that new business does
not amount to a quarter of the production, and doubt
as to the maintenance of prices hinders buying.
Nevertheless, hides have recently awakened into re
newed activity and heavy sales have lately been made
in the East.
General distributive trade is. being affected by the
unusually mild winter in the East, but wherever
fpring trade has developed it has been in such
>o!ume and accompanied with such readiness to ac
cept high prices as to point to undiminished con
fidence in the future. The general demand is large,
but speculation seems to be declining in volume.
Money continues to ease off everywhere. The
Bank of England has again reduced its rate of dis
count, this time to 4 1-2 per cent, the lowest rate for
months. In New York call loans are now back to a
lower average than at any time since early autumn.
Supplies of funds for loaning purposes are steadily
increasing, and while lenders are disposed to put out
their money more freely and at lower rates, they are
also less critical as to the character of the security.
But the whole financial situation at the moment
hinges on the fortunes of the South African war. It
is the opinion, both in Europe and America, that a
serious British reverse would be likely to cause in
equally serious disturbance in the London market,
whi'e a British victory would immediately result in
easier conditions all around. So the financial world
is watching the movements of the opposing armies
with more than ordinary intere«;t-
REFORM IN SACRAMENTO.
\A AYOR CLARKE of Sacramento has ren
/ \ dered an important service to that community
* by suppressing the exhibition of indecent
pictures in kinetescopes. The evil is one which
threatens every considerable city in the country, for
there is always a temptation to the exhibitors of such
shows to include among their pictures many which
will attract the lewd and vicious.
It will be remembered that not long ago The Call
found it necessary to expose the extent to which that
form of vice was carried on in San Francisco and
at the time of the investigation it was found that
many school children were in the habit of resorting
to such places. Something of the same kind, it ap
pears, has been going on at Sacramento, and the
Mayor's action is therefore one of the most important
which can be rendered to any community — that of
preserving youth from the enticements of the corrupt.
The vicious, like the. poor, are always with us.
They are forever aggressive in a sneaking way and
continuous watchfulness is necessary on the part of
public officials to prevent them from spreading their
traps for the unwary at every possible place of van
tsge. The indecent kinetescope is a novelty, but it
has taken its place along with the gambling room>,
the brothels and the dives as a means of affording the
predatory' classes a means of breeding vice and profit
ing by it.
That Sacramento has a Mayor vigilant and resolute
in his efforts to rid the community of such plagues
is a matter upon which the people of that city may
well be congratulated. Mayor Clarke is doing a good
work and it is to be hoped he will find among all
classes of citizens an earnest support in the work of
reform and improvement he has undertaken.
LIBERTY BATIN DRESS
The dress represented is in Liberty
Ophelia mauve satia and Is of. the "prin
cesse" shape. Beneath tha opening down
the front Is a drapery of white lace, fixed
by bands of silk velvet, with a stee!
buckle at each end. The sleeves are of
satin, gathered.
THE meeting of the executive com
mittee of the California Miners'
Association called by President W.
C Ralston for the evening of the
26th inst, at "the Palace Hotel espe
cially to consider miners' interests
in pending Congressional bills and the
conservation of forests and waters will
undoubtedly result in important action on
both lines.
The association has had much expe
rience and has achieved much success in
past years in securing Congressional leg
islation in behalf of the miners, and If
an energetic committee, provided with
what money is needed and having the
great prestige and influence of the asso
ciation behind it. gets the power It repre
sents to bear on Washington it will stir
up interest in pending measures and be a
strong force in pushing them forward
The most important measures pending
are those looking to the creation of either
a Cabinet department or department bu
reau to care for the mining industry, and
the mineral lands bill, which has been
fought for for years and which is still
stuck in the mud. The latter measure 13
the cne of most direct concern to Califor
nia miners, of most pressing, present »vn
portance, and the one in which most
active interest is taken.
The mineral lands bill, as all California
miners know, purposes to save from pat
| ent 10 railroad companies some millions of
! acres cf the remaining public lands in
California, which are chiefly mineral in
character though profitable mines are not
yet developed in them, and which are not
valuable for agriculture. To the railroad,
I which is getting patents to such lands by
¦ the thousands of acres right along, they
1 are valuable holdings for their timber and
f mineral resources, to be developed in the
j future. It has been the policy of the In
terior Department to regard such lands .-is
I agricultural unless valuable minerals
¦ have been actually discovered and proflt
j able cjuantiti^s proved to exist, and to put
; the burden of proof on the miner if pro
j tests happen to be filed. These lands. 61s
tributed ail through the mountainous
mining regions, hold the riches that the
! great mining development of the futUi^
I will reveal. They are the heritage of the
prospector and miner, and should be pre- ',
served for the mining industry to grow ;
on.
It is proposed that these mineral lands
be segregated by a commission and wkh
drawn from patent to the aided railroads,
I a? has been done in Montana and Idaho.
For years railroad influences have been
able to block all the many vigorous at
tempts of the California Miners' Associa
tion to secure justice for the miners, and
now the association will cross swords
with the railroad company once again.
President Ralston practically began the
fight himself many years ago, and he has
vigorously stood by it through all the bat
tles that have occurred since the asso
ciation took up the issue soon after its
organization, nine years ago. It was back
in the 'SO's, when Ralston was not the
general manager of a great mining prop
erty, but when, having energy and am
bition, he naturally decided to start a suc
cessful mining weekly. He started the
paper, and observing the constant land
slides of mineralized sections to the raU
road domain, he turned loose his heaviest
guns and stirred up an issue that lived,
though the valiant paper did not. The
fight troubled the railroad company, and
on one occasion, when C. P. Huntington
and Ralston met, the former said. "You're
a very fresh young man, Mr. Ralston."
Neither Ralston nor the association has
tired of the flght, and another campaign,
worthy of the hearty support of every
California miner and mining interest, will
soon be under way.
President Ralston wishes the advice of
the executive committee In the creation
and direction of the committee on conser
vation of water and forests provided for
at the last State convention, and the
creation of such a committee, which will
represent the association in this field that
has recently assumed bo gTeat importance
and life. This movement for the storage
of surplus mountain waters and the pres-.
crvatlon of the forests is of espectally
vital interest to the miners, and the ' Cal
ifornia Miners' Association will furnish a
powerful reinforcement to the new State
organization which is now seeking
strength, money and plans.
State Senator John F. Davis of Amador
County, who is one of the leading forces
in the California Miners' Association, has
taken much interest in the recent move
ment for better roads begun by the Cala
veras Miners' Association. . In a recent
article In the Calaveras Citizen he" has
written some vigorous suggestions that
apply equally to all the county miners' as
sociations.
"I would say," he observes "that the
two main problems that confront us in
the quartz-mining counties of the Mother
L,ode are: 1. That of obtaining a cheap,
continuous motive power; and 2. That of
good roads." Referring to the county as
sociation, he says: "This association can
be the nucleus of all public effort concern-
Ing anything I even remotely connected
with mining. It can. as part of the reason
for its existence, take up the problem of
continuous motive power, can affiliate it
self with the California Water and Forest
Association, or the California Association
for the Storage of Flood Waters, or the
San Joaquin Valley Commercial Associa
tion, and accredit delegates to those or
ganizations, and thus thoroughly Inform
the central organizations of the local con
ditions, in Calaveras County. The road
question is equally germane to the pur
poses of its organization. What we re
quire is a continuously active, live local
body; not an annual resurrection of a
dead one. Membership should be In
creased, meetings should be frequent and
in different localities, and constant cor
respondence should keep the members in
formed of what is going on in the associa
tion. The impulse should come from the
members to the officers and in that, way
th« programme for public Improvement
developed and spread abroad."
Up in Northern California whole towns
are being swept away by the new flood of
mining enterprise and development that
has struck that region. Through Siskiyou
and Trinity counties are here and therG
little communities which have long been
sleeping In the sun on favorable' river
benches where they naturally grew along
the water courses in a country that Is
nearly all on the slant. After the pioneers
got through shoveling up the gold of the
rich early placers the country quieted
down and struggled along in an absent
minded way, with "occasional digging over
of low-grade gravel left, with a very lit
tle spasmodic quartz mining, with some
hydraulic mining in favored places and
with the vast network of rich quartz
veins under the pines practically unknown
and unsought.
Now, besides the booming development
of quartz mines from the Sacramento to
the sea, there is great activitiy in the
mining of vast deposits, of low-grade
auriferous gravel with hydraulic moni
tors and dredgers. Many river benches
above the present streams are extensive
deposits of ground that will pay to. work
by modern economical methods and with
sufficient capital. A good deal of money
is going into hydraulic propositions In
that big region and where a town is built
on golden sands the town must go. The
people know it and brag about it.
They wash out pans of dirt from the
street and astonish the tenderfoof with
the colors, and they wait eagerly for capi
tal to come in and wipe their towns oft
the face of the earth— for so much a lot
as other towns want capital to build them
up. Old Trinity Center Is now being
sluiced into the river. Scott Bar In Sis
kiyou County thinks it hears the welcome
summons to oblivion. A French company
has been negotiating for the ground on
which it stands and, it is said, success
fully. When Scott Bar was a bar it was
rich and used to yield nine-pound nug
gets from the old channels, but it will
take a big hydraulic plant to work the
deep ground left unworked. Other town
sites have been similarly sold or negotiat
ed for, and it is even talked that Yreka,
the county seat, may be bought and
sluiced away in spite of the high prices of
property. The . town is built on rich
ground and would make a fine mining
proposition. . ,',;'.,»
A highly important point in the law of
mining locations, which has never been
before the Supreme Court of the United
Btateß. was recently decided by the
United States Court of Appeals in a
Southern California case. The Federal
mining law requires $100 worth of work
on a claim during the year after that in
which the location is made. The question
whether a State or district can legally im
pose additional assessment within a lim
ited time, has been a disputed one. In
this case the Court of Appeals has upheld
, this right, Judge Ross dlsaentlnr. Thft.
validity of the sixty-day and M require
ment of the lately repealed California,
statute is thus indirectly upheld, with
Judge Ross against It and the Supreme-
Court to be reckoned with in issues that
may arise under it.
The case alluded to is described and
1 commented on in an interesting way by
Attorney A. H. Ricketts as follows:
The United States Circuit Court of Appeals,
sitting at .San Francisco, has recently decided
In the case cf Northmore vs. Simmons, tnat
either a mining district or State has power to
make a regulation requlrins a prescribed
amount of work to be done on a claim witnin
ninety CM) days after its location, and to rnaxe
such claim subject to relocation in default or
such work, notwithstanding the ninety days
may expire before the first of January suc
ceeding the date of location.
Jud"e Ross dissented from the opinion of a
majority of the court, and hoids that not : a
single decision cited and relied upon in the
prevailing opinion, in his juiizme-nt, at an
supports the conclusion therein announce^.
and that the rule laid down by the S-uprerne
Court of this Ptate <in Original Company vs
Winthrop. SO Cai. 3Cl>. which is criticized and
disapproved by Judges Gilbert and Morrow in
the said opinion, is the true one. that suen a
rrtrulation is contrary to the plain meaning or
the statute cf the Cnlted Staf s and to- the
weight of authority. ,
This decision is the prevailing one and make*
it incumbent ui>on the locators of mining
claims within this State to strictly follow any
requirements of the local mining districts in
which the claim may b» situated as to wr>rlc
to be done u;>on that claim, unless it be true
that the last Legislature effectively repealed
the State mining law of 1557. It would ne»m
that for safety locators of mining cl^im.*
should observe the Drovlslons o* the State
mining law. whether In fact repealed nr not.
as ultimately a court of la.=t resort may hold
that an a fact the State Legislature did not
succeed In its effort to reoeal th« State law.
The Dwlnelle group of quart* mines, in
Slsklyou County, la to b© extensively de- j
veloped by It? recent purchaser, Charles ;
H. Souther of Boston, and promises to be ]
one cf the important mine? of the State. ]
The Montana Copper Company has se- i
cured a pood deal of new mining property j
in Shasta County, and will widen its i
operations as well as greatly increase the i
scale of its mining and smelting opera- J
tions on the original properties. The lat- j
est acquisition is a bond on the Stowell j
jrroup of copper and gold mir.*"?, near Iron ;
Mountain, at the price of $125,000. The I
properties will be extensively explored
during the life of the bonf3. Four other
adjoining claims, owned by L. I>. Waters,
have been bonded for $15,000. These
operations are made through the Iron j
Mountain Investment Company, repre- !
senting the interests of the Montana Cop- ]
per Company.
A company compo??4 of the employes ;
of the United Stater. Mint at Denver has !
K. K. Gf-sford of Denver prospecting in i
Shasta County, assisted by his brother. ;
Shady Creek. Nevada County, will likely ¦
have a gold dredge.
The Sierra Railroad bridge across the j
Stanislaus at Robinsons Ferry has been !
completed.
J. O. DEXNY.
THE CALL'S WORK IS
WARMLY COMMENDED
Windsor Herald
The Call Is now doing a grand work foi
San Francisco by way of showing up thl
corruption in connection with the selec
tion and appointment of the Police Com
missioners and Mayor Phelan's ante
election promises and sell-out of th»
city's interest, welfare and Kovernment
into the hands of its depraved and crim
inal element. The Call talks squarely in
the ears of the Mayor, branding: him with
high treason to the city's interest and
with having cagt h!» lot with the slum*
thups, gamblers and thieves of the cit>
to secure his election and with now turn
ins: the city into the iianda of the ecurrs
a3 per his agreement. And the fact that
Phelan does not commence le^al proceed
ings to vindicate himself lends frea:
strength to the truth of The rail's
charges. The Call's cartoons represent
ing the disgraceful spectacle of turning
the city over Into the hands of tha bood
lers. gamblers and depraved hosts, with
Mayor Phelan. Dan Burns and Mos*
Gunst in the immediate backErround. ar?
simply Immense. Tne Call did a grand
work last winter in protecting- the Stat*
from the eternal 6ham<» and disgrace of
sending a thief to the United States Sen
ate, and now it 13 working- just as hard
to save its home city from the everlast
ing shame and disgrace of falling into
the hands of a pack of swindling, rrim*
breeding scoundrels, whose only object is
boodle and plunder and to drag the city
further into the cesspools of moral de
pravity and degradation. Let the go<xl
work of The Call go on and may Its days
be long upon the earth.
Vessels Indicated by a star have woo!
sheathed and coppered hul!s. The thre«
first-named ships are battleships, the las?
three are gunboats, and the others ar
cruisers. Vessels numbered 1 to 9. inch;
sive. have l:elleville boilers: numbers r,
14. 16. 17. IS have Yarrow boilers: numVr
12 is fitted with Thomycroffs; number :
has Reed boilers and number 13 haj
Blechynden boilers.
SAVING MINERAL LANDS.
ASSOCIATION PROGRESS.
SLUICING AWAY TOWNS.
NEWS OF THE DIGGINGS.
1-fcLb »AJS IK AuN CISCO , CALL, MO2s DAI , JAJNUAJKI l:*J, iimju.
"How la the earth divided?" asked th«
confident teacher or h!a class before th»
examiners.
"By earthquakes, elr," \rag the prompt
answer from one of the most eaeer of
pupils.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
Ths California, Ltmltsd. Santa F> Root*.
Connectins train leaves & p. ra.. Monday,
Wednesday. Friday and Satuniar. Finest
equipped train and best track of aay l!r.« ta
the East. Ticket office. CIS Market street.
AN AMENDMENT NEEDED.
OUT of the disturbance at the masquerade ball at
Mechanics' Pavilion on Saturday night comes
an illustration of one of the defects of the
charter. In the article relating to the Police Depart
ment it is provided in chapter X, section 12: "When a
request is made for regular policemen to be detailed
at any place of amusement or entertainment, ball,
party or picnic, the party or person making such re
quest shall first deposit $2 50 for each man so de
tailed with the property clerk of the department, who
shall give him a receipt for the same and' such sum
shall be at once paid into the treasury to the credit of
the police relief and pension fund."
The delect of the regulation is that it leaves it
optional with those who hold such entertainments
whether police protection be asked or not. The law
should be mandatory and require the managers of
public or semi-public entertainments to have a police
detail io preserve order and; keep the peace.
At the masquerade ball it appears the managers at
first undertook to conduct the affair without police
protection. Before the evening had fairly begun they
found themselves compelled to apply for six police
men. It is easy to perceive that the disturbance
might have grown to serious proportions and one or
more persons might have been dangerously injured
before the police came. In cases of prizefights the
danger of disturbance would be very great and there
is hardly less danger at public picnics.
The issue is not one that requires argument. That
clause in the charter should be supplemented by an
ordinance compelling managers of certain classes of
entertainments to provide police protection for their
patrons. It will be well to learn that lesson from the
experience of Saturday night and not wait for a
tragedy to teach it.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used far fifty years by mHitcmt o «
mother* for their children whlU Teething wttii
perfect success. It soothe* th* child, softens
the sums, allays pala. cures Wind Oolia, regu-
late* th« Bowels and Is the best reaady tor
Diarrhoeas, whether arising; from teethla* or
other canse*. For a.C* by drac«tst» la ?very
part of the world. Ba sura asd aak for Mrs*
"Wln«low*s Soothinr Srrup, Mo a botllet
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. P. O'Brien of Sonora Is registered at
the California.
John McCall Is registered at the Grand
from his home in Madera.
D. G. Dean, a wealthy mining man of
Caribou. Is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. M. Carlbery. a well-known physi
cian of Oroville. is a sruest at the Lick.
I. F. Poston. the Coalir.ga oil magnate
Is registered for a short stay at the Lick.
G. Motheral, a wealthy fruit grower of
Vlsalla, is among- the recent arrivals at
the Grand.
Michael Simons, a traveler from Glas
govr. Is at the Palace, where he arrived
yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Wood of San Jose
are amon? the arrivals of last night at
the Palace. ;.;>,.
Frank E. Wadsworth, a merchant and
capitalist of Nevada City, fs registered at
the Occidental.
J. L. Patton. a missionary to Japan, is
at the Occidental, accompanied by his
¦wife and family.
O. J. "Woodward and T. C. White, capi
talists of Fresno, are among the recent
arrivals at the lick.
L. C. Montfort has come down from his
home in Sacramento and Is at the Occi
dental, accompanied by his daughter.
M0NDAY....... ."....JANUARY 22, \goo
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Aii Ccrr.mun cations to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PCBLICATION OFFICE. .Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Slain 186 S.
EDITORIAL 800M5 .'...217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1*74.
Delivered hr Carrier". 15 Cent" Per Week.
Mnjele Copies. 5 Centn.
Terms by MjtfJ. imludlnK Pontajret
DAILY C*LL iinrlDil!n£ fondir). one venr . .Hfl.OO
DAILY CALL « ln«-l n.linc Sunday). 6 months.. 3.00
DAILY CALL (including "-unUaji. 3 luontha.. IJM
DAILY CALL By MnirJr Month «r.c
•CKDAX CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions,
fcample copies will be forwarded when reqnested
OAKLA.VD OFFICE ©OS Broadiray
C. GEORGE KROO'ESS,
tluirer Forelm Advertising. Mnrqsette Bnild
lnar. Chicaco.
XEW YORK j COnRE«POVDEXTi
C. C CAnLTU.N .'..?........ .Herald Square
SEW YORK REI J HE«E\TATIVEi
PERRY LIKENS JH 29 Tribune Bnlldlnff
cniCAGo .\e\vs bta.vdsi
Ibrraas Iloosei V. O. »ws Co.: Great North
ern Hotel: Fremont Iloane; Auditorium HoteL
STEW YORK SEWS STAXDSi
Waldorf-Astoria Hotels A. Brentano, 31 Union
Equarei Mnrray Hill liotrl.
WASHIA'GTOX <Tt. C> OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. E.\OLI«H, Correspondent.
,
BBASCF OFFICES— S27 Montromery. corner of j
Clay, open until 9t30 o'clock. 300 Hayed. '
open until 9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister, open i
until :..:s<• o'clock. 615 Latrkin. open until ]
8:SO o'clock. IT*4l Mixxion. open until 10 !
o'clock. 22t»l Market, corner Sixteenth, onen j
OBtll v o'clock. 1<»:»>; Valencia, open until 9 '
o'clock. lot* Eleventh, open nntil J* o'clock, i
AW. corner Twenty-second and KentoeUr.
open until 9 o'clock.
You heard his testimony on the witness stand. You are aware that less than two
weeks ago this man Esola was presented to you in Mayor Phelan's office by A. M. Law
rence as his candidate for Chief of Police. You' remember the meeting, the Mayor re
members it, Lawrence remembers it. On the witness stand, under oath, this candidate
for office at your hands swore he did not recollect anything about the meeting; swore
he had no memory of it; swore he could not recall meeting gentlemen of your official
position within two weeks.
Mr. Xewhall, do you believe that Esola told the truth when he swore he did not
remember meeting you? If you think he told the truth, do you believe a man with so
short a memory- for faces and for facts is fit to be Chief of Police?
Mr. Thomas, do you think a man who cannot rely upon his memory sufficiently
to testify truly concerning a meeting with you less than two weeks ago is a witness
whose word would be worth taking on any point where his interests were at stake? Is
he a fit man in your estimation to put into a position where accuracy of memory is so
essential to the performance of duty as in that of Chief of Police?
Mr. Bigg}-, you remember meeting this candidate for office; can you believe him
when he swears he does not remember meeting you? You heard his testimony on the
stand; did you at that time feel convinced that he was telling the truth? Did you think
him then, or do you deem him now. fit to be at the head of the police force in this city?
Dr. McXutt,' do you have any confidence in Esola's oath that he had no recollec
tion of the occasion when he was presented to you and your colleagues in the Mayor's i
office as Lawrence's candidate for Chief of Police? When you have heard him give cvi- ;
dence of that kind about a matter harmless in itself, can you deem him trustworthy in
anything? Would you ever be able to accept with full trustfulness any report which he
could make as Chief of Police?
These are the questions which the people will put to you, gentlemen of the Po
lice Commission, and they will not be satisfied with evasive replies. You are not called
upon to vindicate the Mayor, or Lawrence, or anybody else. You are to choose a Chief
of Police for San Francisco, and if after such testimony as Esola gave you select him
for that position the people will conclude your memories are shorter than his own, and
that you have forgotten what he swore to and what it meant and means.
j /""^ EXTLEMEX of the Police Commission, you have heard the testimony given in
\/n the hearing concerning, the fitness of Esola to be ¦ Chief of Police of San Fran
cisco, and incidentally you have learned the truth of the charge made by The Call
that Mayor Phelan bargained that office away before the election in return for votes
and for newspaper support.
It is not for you to pronounce judgment concerning the conduct of the Mayor,
neither need you concern yourselves much about the bargains that were made and which
you were expected to carry out. The one issue before you is the selection of a Chief
of Police, and in meeting that issue you have to determine whether Esola is or is not a
fit man for the place.
QUESTIONS FOR THE COMMISSIONERS.
ravy last year, the steam trial data cl
which -wrere as follows:
4
AMUSEHENTS.
Or? h-uss— Va-j *evl! !e.
California— Ecct Nevala.
CoJurnbla— "The 6cho»S for Scandal."
Grtr.d Opera-h3us«— -Queen'* liace Handkerchief."
Alhatr.fera— "At Gay Con«-y Ulaad."
Alcazar— "I>;rd Chummy."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudertiie every afternoon and
*vf-:r t
O:y~:a. corr.er Ma-en and EXS* •tre«s-Sr*cia:tie«. .
Sbern-.ar.-CUy Hall-Sore redUJ tfcla evening. •
Oaklard Rac* Trsek— Races. **" '
AUCTION SALES.
Hr Turkish Ra» Co.— Th:» day. at U a. m. aad 1 b ra.
T«rk:sh Tixxgt, at 14» Stockton etrtet.
By Sullivan * Doiye-TnewUy, January a, at 11 o'clock.
Horses, *t I£U Mission street.
By Win. G. I-ayr.g-Thi;rs4aj\ January 3, U U o'clock.
Race Hormes. Bt Oakland Race Track. .¦***<> c^ocx.
A DAILY HINT PROM PARIS.
?
c
3
I
NAME,
f
pus ..-
: oc
t Go
4 *A
5 'A
6 Gl;
Hflver ...
l:^i:
&I*H
;us«
CIU3 .. -•
?
c
3
I
NAME,
f
pus ..-
: oc
t Go
4 *A
5 'A
6 Gl;
Hflver ...
l:^i:
&I*H
;us«
CIU3 .. -•WOMEN and Women Only, especially mothers, are most competent tc
appreciate the purity, sweetness, and delicacy of Cuticcra Soap and
to discover new uses for It daily. Its remarkable emollient, cleansing,
nud purifying properties, derived from Cuticcra, the great skin cure and
purest of emollients, warrant its use in preserving, pnrifying, and beautifying
the skin, scalp, hands, and hair, and in the form of baths and solutions for
annoying irritations, itchings, inflammations, and chafings, too free or offen-
Fhe perspiration, and also in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses,
£<? well as many eanative, antiseptic purposes, which will readily euggest
themselves. All that has been said of Ccticcra Soap may also be said of
Cuticura Ointment which should be used after the Soap, In the severer
cases, to hasten the cure.
Complete External &. Internal Treatment for Every Humor, 51. 25,
cocfc'.sunf!; of Cuticl'KA Soxr (25c.\ to clcanee the skin of crusts and scales and soften the
tbiclened cuticle, Ccncriu Oistment (Me.), to Instantly allay Itching, Inflammation, and
Irritation, and soothe nnd heal, and CCTICTRA INSOLVENT (60c.), to cool and cleanee the
blood. A Single Set it often sufficient to cure the most torturing:, dl§f)jrurln£, and hnmil.
:;.t'.r ? etto, ec&lp, i.r.l blood humors, with lot* of hair, when all else falls. Potteb Deco
a*-» Culm. Cobt., £ole Props., Boston.
FRANCE TO GET
KWONG CHANWAN
Troubles With China
Are Settled.
Special Dispatch tojThe Call.
TACOMA, Jan. 21.— The French have
won the boundary dispute at Kwong
Chanwan Bay by defeating the Chinese
troops in two more fights and preparing
to bombard Canton. The Pekin govern
ment has been compelled to accept the
French terms of i ¦•ace as follows:
The leasing of Kwong Chanwan Bay
and extensive adjacent territory to
France; the dismissal of the Viceroy of
Kwantug and Kw.ngsi provinces: the be
heading of the Prefect who authorized
the Chinese to first fire on the French
troops and the payment of 200,000 taels in
demnltv to the families of the French sol
diers killed by tbe Chinese. Earl LI Hung
Chang has been sent to" Canton by the
Empress Dowager to succeed the dis
graced Viceroy and conclude the treaty
wtth the French commander. In the
meantime numerous armed bands of Chi
nese are parading through Kwong Chan
wan Bay district and tt.--eate:.ing the
lives of any Frenchmen w-- venture into
the Interior.
The steamer Monmouthshire brings de
tails of the last two battles beiore peace
was declared. On December -20 eighty
French soldiers, under three officers, r ere
sent Into the Interior to prevent further
hostile demonstrations. Several miles in
land they suddenly came face to face with
a large body of fully armed Chinese sol
diers. A sharp engagement followed and
the Chinese were beaten back. The
Frenchmen were then surrounded by an
angry native mob numbering thousands.
They fired Into the front ranks on all
sides and after over a hundred had been
killed and wounded the crowd broke and
ran. The French lost eighteen killed and
wounded and were two days getting back
to the warships. In the last fight three
companies of the French marine Infantry
charged against a large force of Chinese
regulars with' fixed bayonets, killing and
wounding twenty-two. After this defeat
the Chinese troops were willing to make
peace. "¦*¦"•'•¦-.' '
The Chosen Friends.
Past Grand Councilor Boehm paid a
visit to Washington Council lagt week on
the occasion of the Installation of the of
ficers of the council by Deputy A. Nichol
son, assisted by Past Councilor Miss Mc-
Creery and Grand Guard Minnie I/akin.
Grand Recorder Wallls has returned
from a visit to Nevada and other points.
He took part in the public installation of
the officers of Riverside Council of Reno.
During December this council received
four members by initiation and received
four petitions to be acted upon at the
next meeting:. He visited Virginia City
and there held a consultation with promi
nent members of the council. He also vis
ited the council at Grass Valley and the
one at Nevada City. All these councils
are improving.-
Last Tuesday the grand recorder Ini
tiated a candidate for America Council
of this city. Grand Sentry Mrs. A. Boehm
was present. On Thursday night he as
sisted Deputy Taylor to install the offi
cers of Social Council and on Friday he
was at the installation of the officers of
Unity Council of Oakland.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
STUDY OF SHAKESPEARE'S RICHARD III
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Elton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE,
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward Dowd'n, Dr. William J. Rolfe. Dr. Hamilton
W. Mable. Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Curson. Dr. Isaac N. Demmon. Dr. Vlda D.
Scudder and others.
XI. RICHARD 111.
The English. Chronicle Play
When the first collected edition of
Shakespeare's playa • was published, in
1623, the player-editors divided the dra
mas Into cormdies, histories and tn;e
dies. In so doing they recognized a
species of drama peculiar to their ageand
country. The history, or chronicle play,
wa3 a unique and distinctly English
branch of dramatic literature. As Col»e
ridpe has said, it occupies an intermediate
place between the epic and the drama
proper. For :t was by no means a dra
matization of some episode cf the nation's
history, but rather an attempt to present
upon the stage within the brief compass
of an acting play the whole story of some
monarch's reign. This Is shown in the
very title? of such plays as the "Trouble
some Reign of King John" or the "lAt-z
and Death of Richard II." 'And for the
most part the early histories adhered
with a slavish fidelity to the chronicles
on which they were founded. They were
more careful to tell a true story than to
secure dramatic effect or to evolve dra-
thrse remind us of Marlowe, who, writ-
Ing for a simple ana uncritical audience,
made large drafts on their Imagination
an i cared little for verisimilitude so ha
could but accomplish his effect.
The Character of Bichard 11l-
There are other characteristics of this
play which show very plainly the influence
of Marlowe— the headlong energy of tha
action, the sonorous rhetoric of th«
verse, the absence of rhyme. and
In a large measure of the fanciful
conceit* that disfigure much of Shako
speare's earlier work. But most
characteristic of all is the complete sub
ordination of the minor persons of thi
drama to the central character of Rich
ard. Marlowe loved a one-star play. With
the possible exception of "Edward" II" his
dramas are devoted to the exposition of
one great passion In one almost super
human figure. And not only does Richard
dominate, the other ftsrur^s in tha play
which bears his name: he is himself dom
inated by one master passion. th» lust
of sovereignty. But in the evolution of
this passion Shakespeare works by subtler
menn3 than Marlowe ever dreamed of.
He Rivea it a background of history, ha
explains and humanizes it by heredity.
The passion, of sovereignty was an in
herited characteristic in th» house of
York. Richard's grandfather had per
ished in an attempt
against his kin*;;
before the outbreak,
of the civil wars wo
rind Richard's fath
er dreaming of tlr>
golden circuit of
the crown (II Klntj
Henry VI. act 2.
scene 1). Richard's
brother exclaims:
"I'd break & thou
sand oaths to reign
one year (ILL King
Henry \I. aat 1,
scene &. In Richard
v . this family charao
\ terlstlc reaches Its
climax and becomes
*\>^fc a fierce, overmaster
\\]T A, Ins passion, a de
\j | 'isH monJacal possession.
it " J^S*. And Richards na-
S ' < «3yw^ t ' vo egoism has
¦X '^PfiXfl been nurtured and
« iW^ magnified by the at
v , »x!» mosphere in which
¦ • grew to man
• hood, for In the
\ ll^k^l ¦ wars of the rose* all
i\?.' /^J '1"\ laws, human and dl
!Q|| L » IU vine, were set aside
imi' 11' so men might
Sr \ wreak their lusc of
power upon tho
world.
Nature herself has
done her part to In
tensify and give di
rection to this pas-
TTT fion. She has mts
lil - shaped IFll chard
frnm his mother's
matlc character. That such chronicle
plays were popular among the Kllzaboth
an3 we have abundant proof. Beginning
with Bale's fiery polemic against pnpal
usurpation, the pre-Elizabethan play of
'Kinge Johan," a long line of histories
by Greene. Peele, Marlowe. Shakespeare,
Heywood, Webster, Ford, Dekker. Row
ley and a host of unknown authors cov
ers with hardly a break a period of Eng
lish history from the accession of John in
1100 to the defeat of the Armada in r>s3.
Of varying interest and far apart in the
scale of dramatic art, two characterist'.os
are common to all these plays — an exult
ant pride in the gloricus history of Ens
land and a sincere desire to instruct ar
English audience In the annals of the
past. Even such a reign of shama a?
John's is uplifted and glorined by the fig
ure of the Bastard Faulconbridge, the true
son of Coeur de Lion, whose lofty boast
"This Knelanri never did an<s never shall
Lie st trie i>rou<] Cft of a conqueror
But -ahen It first did help to wound Itself—"
Found a ready echo In the hearts of i
generation that had seen a united Eng
land shock into irremediable ruin the
worldwide monarchy of Spain.
The Authorship of This Play
There are nearly as many theories as
to the authorship of this play in both its
forms as there are critics who have inves
tigated the problem. So much, however,
is practically established by the concur
rence of later rritics that the "Thirl
Part of King Henry VI" is the joint work
of Marlowe and Shakespeare. And wheth
er the two great poets wrote in collabora
tion or separately, Shakespeare, as the
younger and less experienced playwright,
worked here In the spirit and under the
influence of Marlowe. What that Influ
ence was can be told in a few words.
Marlowe was the father, almost the cre
ator, of English romantic tragedy. He
adopted the "drumming decasyllabon" of
the would-be classical school of drama
tists, and. by changing it from a quanti
tative to an accentual metw, created the
mighty line which evoked the wonder of
his contemporaries, drove the jigging
rhymed fourteoners forever from the
stage, and, in the hands of Shakespeare
and Milton, became the organ voice of
England. At the same time, since he
wrote for the public of the playhouses and
not for the learned society of the court
or university, he took up the popular
drama of action rather than reflection,
cleared it of clownish conceits and sub
stituted living, breathing men for th<»
automatic puppets- that had clattered
about the stage. It is in Marlowe's plays
that we find, for the first time in modern
tragedy, character and character devel
opment. In short, he breathed into the
crude and formless drama of his day his
own fiery self, a rare compound of poetry
and passion. At the feet of such a master
•yen the young Shakespeare, with all his
consciousness of coming glories, might be
well content to sit.
That Shakespeare, almost at the begin
ning of his career, came under the influ
ence of Marlowe, is undeniable. His own
natural bent was toward rhyme, and the
linked sweetness of "Venus and Adonis"
shows us how perfectly the young poet
had caught the secret of rhyming meas
ures. Rhyme occurs at frequent intervals
in most of Shakespeare's early plays, and
it was only a long apprenticeship in Mar
lowe's school that led him to exchange It
for blank verse. This apprenticeship ex
tends over a considerable portion of
Shakespeare's early work. "Titus An
dronicus" was perhaps written by Mar
lowe himself, it Is certainly a play of his
school; and this' drama was retouched by
Shakespeare's prentice hand, it is by no
means unlikely that Marlowe was one of
the collaborators In "I King Henry VI."
to which Shakespeare afterward added
the scenes of the quarrel in the Temple
gardens and of Talbofs death, "the last
and loftiest farewell note of rhyming
tragedy." Marlowe's work and Shakes
peare's* appear side by side in the second
and third parts of "King Henry VI," and
Marlowe's' most finished play served as a
model for Shakespeare's "Rivhard II."
"Richard III" a Play of Marlowe's
Vi School.
Nowhere Is Marlowe's Influence over
Shakespeare plainer than in "Richard |
III." So apparent is it. indeed, that Mr. ;
Fleay believes that Shakespeare derived j
not only his plot but a considerable part
of his text from an unfinished play on the
same subject by Marlowe. This is a hy
pothesis that we are by nd means called
on to accept. We may rather say with
Swinburne that "this only of all Shakes
peare's plays belongs absolutely to the
school of Marlowe." Marlowe had blocked
out the character of Richard In the "true
tragedy"; Shakespeare had already added
to and developed it In the "Third Part of
King Henry VI." And then while still
under the master's Influence Shakespeare
undertook a further and independent
treatment of the same theme and execut
ed it with a dash and subtlety that raise
It far above his master's best work. Pro
fessor Wendell has pointed out certain
archaic elements In the play, the Improb
ability of Gloster's wooing Anne in the
open street, the choral lamentations of
the widows In the fourth scene of the
fourth act. and Richard's frank avowal
of his villainy in thjs opening unsa. All
womb, "like to a chaos or an unlicked
bear-whelp." Not that Richard is a vil
lain because he is a monster of deform
ity. The frequently misunderstood lines
or his openir.s soliloquy —
•'.An<l therefore since I cannot play th* lover.
To entertain those fair. wMI-sE>okeri days,
I .im det'rrr.in-M to Drove a villain,
Anrl hate the U!!p pleasures of, the!"* day* — '*
Are not ?r>oken in earnest, but in the
spirit of mocking Irony which is so char
acteristic of Richard. It cannot be seri
ously maintained that Richard became a
hypocrite, a perjurer and a murderer be
cause he could not play the lover and
"strut before a wanton ambling nymph."
But the bodily deformity which cut him
off from the delishts of love and tha
friendship of men steeled his heart and
steadied his hand to the accomplishment
of hi 3 Inherited purpose. He is not embit
tered against mankind because of his de
formity: he gladly accepts it as a tlnger
mark of destiny. If he was born with
teeth it plairly signified that he- "should
snarl and bite and play the dog." He rev
els in allusions to his misshaped form,
and exaggerates It with the habitual
jocularity which Lamb points out as a
prime feature of his character. The sam»
subtle critic has shewn how in these al
lusions thera mingles a perpetual refer
ence to the powers and capacities by
which Richard is enabled to surmount
his bodily deformity: the Joy of a defect
conquered or turned into an advantas*
is the cause of these very illusions and
of the satisfaction with which his mind
recurs to them.
Nowhere are these powers and capa
cities so magniflclently displayed as in nis
courtship of Anne. The scene Is not un
commonly condemned as a piece of Ellz
bethan extravagance, a reckless defiance
of the possibilities of nature. That such
a monster as Richard could win tho love
of a princess, lately widowed by his dag
ger, take her In her heart's extremest
hate," over the very body of the saintly
king whom he had murdered— this, say
the critics, 13 a fiat Impossibility. But
such a criticism misses the central point
of the scene. Richard docs not win
Anne's love; he overwhelms her reason,
till she falls Into his arms as the bird,
into the jaws of the serpent. Just be
fore she meets him she has unpacked her
heart of curses, so that she Is disarmed
by the very violence of her emotion.
Richard, on the other hand, comes to her
in the full tide of success. Regarding th«
throne as already attained, he has chosen
Anne as the most fitting partner of the
throne. He realizes fully the obstacles In
his path. an«J to overcome them every
energy Is strained to the utmost, and his
amazing powers of dissimulation and
hypocrisy are brought Into full play. lie
stops the pallbearers with a rude. Imperi
ous gesture, overwhelms Anne with a
flood of flattering terms, and finally pro
claims his desire with a blunt frankness
which the prudery of some editors cuts
out of the text, to the hitter loss cf
Shakespeare's meaning. He calmly con
fesses the murders with which Anne
charges him. and with superb effrontery
lays the guilt at her door.
"I did kill Kins Henry.
But 'twas thy beauty that provoked irs«.
Nay, now dispatch; 'twa* I that killed yotra*
E.lwarrt. \.
Eut 'twas thy heavenly fare that set me on."
If she treasures resentment let her slay
him: here is his sword, and here his
naked breast. Or let her say the won!
and he will ex<»rute her vengwinee upon
himself. She hesitates. "I would I knew
thy heart." and Is lost. Not a word of
love falls from her lips, but her resistance
is beaten down and she leaves the seen«
Richard's affianced bride. The whole
scene Is an exhibition of the devilish
power of a tremendous will over a -weak
and emotional nature; to-day we call It
mesmerism, hypnotism, any scientlfto
term you will. To Shakespeare it waa an
Instance of the might and mystery of
evil, the problem over which he wai to
struggle ?o sorely in his later years.
In this scene are embodied all th«
characteristics that carry Richard so tri
umphantly to the throrjp — his fiery en
ergy, his intellectual ascendency, his pro
tean power of assuming whatever shapo
he will, and his biting scorn of the poor
victims of his craft. All these sprlnr
from his own marter-passlon. the lust of
Fovereignty. and are its instruments for
the attainment of the goal.
Note— This study, by Professor T. M.
Parrott of Princeton, "will be concluded
on Thursday.
IS TIRED OF LIFE.
L. D. Siebert Swallows a Doso cf
Laudanum in Ei3 Divorced
Wife's Presence.
1.. D. Si^bert. a clerk out of employ
ment, attempted to commit ?t::clde yes
terday morning at his residence. 4144
Larkln street, by swallowing a dose of
laudanum. He was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital and Dr. Baclgalupt adminis
tered . the uuual remedies with satisfac
tory results.
Siebert was divorced from hts wif*
about five weeks ago and she got tha
custody of their little girl. He has b^en
sick and despondent since and yesterdaj
morning' his divorced wife called to se»»
him. He wanted her to return and live
with him. but she refused and he swal
lowed the laudanum, which he had bought
to use for toothache. He says he has
nothing: to live for. as he has no rela
tives, and no friends. He belongs to the
Woodmen of the "World and Forester or
ganizations.
REV. JAMES C. MacINNES'
withdrawal from the ecclesias
tical ranks for the alleged reason
that to be a minister cf tho gospel
cne must be a hypocrite, has created
a storm of indignation, among the
clergymen cf the State. Ail condemn
the views expressed by the ex
preacher, -with the exception of the
reverend gentlemen with whom ho
associated in Oakland. They take a
more liberal view of the matter and
speak cf Mr. Maclnnes' action in a
spirit cf sympathy and sorrow rather
than anger.
Judging from the expressions cf
the clergymen of this city, they look
upon Judas as an angel in comparison
vrith the ex-divine who holds to the
opinion that it is legitimate for
preachers cf the gospel to tipple if
they feel they need it and strictly
within the psle of propriety for doc
tors of divinity to dance if they are
inclined that way.
The statements which follow, ex
pressing the opinions of some of tlie
mest prominent clergymen of this
section, give a hint cf the fierceness
cf the storm that is hovering over
the head of Rev. Mr. Mclnnes.
JUDAS AN ANGEL
IN COMPARISON
think it betrays a very boyish idea of joy.
The trouble with Brother Maclnnes, how
over consecrated he may have once been,
is that he has pot into the coils and im
agines that everybody is like himself.
Maclnnes' outline of his own life shows
that he. is an extremist and not a stand
ard by which to measure others."
ONE STANDARD
IS SET FOR ALL
Rev. John Hemphill, Calvary Presby
terian Church— "Every utterance ascribed
to Mr. Maclnnes is incorrect and has a
false ring of insincerity to it. In my church
there is not one standard for the
minister and another for a member. The
cne standard of a good life governs both.
"Regarding the assertion of Mr. Mac
lnnes that "if a man needs a drink he has
a. right to take it' I must say that I dis
agree with him. I stand with Paul, who
says: Mf by eating and drinking he
caused a weak brother to stumble or fall
he would do neither one nor the other as
long as the world' lasts.' So many are
driven to the devil by the drink habit
that 1 do not drink myself. A minister
should be a man among men. and should
maintain the dignity of the profession to
which he has consecrated the best that is
in him.
"I do rot agree with Mr. Maclnnes that
the church is full of hyprocrites. There
are some, no doubt, but they are rather
the exception than the rule. The fact that
Rev. W. E. r>uffa:i of Stewart Memo- |
rial Church takes no stock in Rev. Mr. |
"a'-Jr.nes' visions of Christian hypocrites, j
He Eaid:
'"Is the church full of hypocrites? No.
The fact that there was a vile Judas ]
among the twelve original apostles did
not prove that the other eleven were hyp
ocrites. The fact that the Rev. Mr. Mac
lnnes ha? found that his own heart is j
r.ot right with God docs not by any man- i
Tier of means prove that all members are j
hypocrites. The fact that Brother Mac- J
Inries has made shipwr«ck of his minis
try is proof that a man not right with '
God cannot Ftay in the ministry. There i
•'••"•• :¦ v/ hypocrite* in ih*» church and mm- ]
istry. Occasionally we do find one. There
can he no counterfeit without a genuine :
•whirh is Iraitnted. So tho fact of an occa- i
Blonal hypocrite or.iy proves the existence
of genuine Christians.
"\W do not contend that preachers or
churrh members are perfect beings— not a
company of anjcls by any means, but
while imperfect, they are for the most
pan siru-^re. The id^a that a minister i
to be successful roust be hypocritical and i
overlook hypocrisy in others Is simply I
absurd. The truer a man is the bettrr he I
w1;l No hypocrite can long sue- j
c • ¦ .1 -:i the ministry.
"i jm not riipcussing th* FUbj^rts of
riancinp. etc.. on the part of a minister. |
but BrotlM r Maclnnrs oupht to know that j
•thr church, ih*- world and the devil him- ;
tfclf expect a minister t'j have the Christ i
tpirit of t- f lf-<l<nial .-nd tf>mi>rrance.
"Brother Maclnnea serms to think It I
would be a srreat pleasure to be permitted j
to slap :t companion on the back on the !
Btreet and say. "How are you. old boy," j
fir. If that is an all-absorbing pleasure '
for which he must leave the ministry, I j
there are hyprocrites only goes to show
that on the other hand there are con
scientious Christians, just as a spurious
coin is proof that there are genuine coins
in existence.
"It was Maclnnes' God-given right to
leave the rhurch if he so desired, but his
reasons for leaving are exceptionally
weak. If the churches were all burned and
the Sunday-schools discontinued the coun
try would go back to barbarism in fifty
years or less as a result of the destruction
of the good Influence exorcised by Chris
tianity. It is possible that the churches
fail to do all the good that they might
do. but it is certain that we could not
very -well do without them.
"1 believe tha.t the only reason Mr. Mac-
Innes had for leaving the ministry was
as be expressed it himself, that 'he con
sidered himself better equipped for a busi
ness than a religious career." He ens
piays exceeding bad taste to ascribe his
withdrawal to any other cause than that
of his evident unntnys for the ministry."
GLAD HAND IS
NOT IN FAVOR
Rev. A. J. Well?, Second Unitarian
Church— "The Rev. Dr. Maclnnes has
either spoken unadvisedly with his lips
or. If his speech represents his convic
tions, has mistaken his calling.
"There Is need of "personal liberty' In
the pulpit, but no man need mistake
license for liberty, nor question the
'right' of a man to take a drink if he so
desires. If he wants to slap a fellow man
on the back and say 'Hello, Bill,' he is
perhaps at liberty to do it In some quar
ters, but h» must not blame the public
for questioning culture behind the exuber
ance. I do not think It is the province of
EVIDENCE OF BROTHERLY LOVE.
RE\ . T\. S. T_RMY, First M. E. Church: "I consider the former
Rev. J. C. Maclnnes to be in the same class with those 'sinful hypo
crites' which he designates as 'frauds of piety," for he is the biggest
freud of them all. He lies ar.d he knows he lies when he says that it is
necessary for a minister of God to be a hypocrite and overlook hypocrisy
:i others in order to be successful. There was at least one hypocrite in the
¦r'.gir.ai twelve apostles 'and we must take it for granted that this propor
tion v. lll be maintained until the end of lime. But this should not make
ithers turn away from Christ and Christianity. The church is dealing with
hese very hypocrfites and endeavoring to instill in them a purity of mind and
in honesty of purpose.
"I take it that the ministry Is well rid of an Individual like Mr. Maclnnes.
R-ho holds such false ideas as are attributed to him. He never should have
rrtrrcd the ministry in the first place and he certainly has manifested his
:otal ur.litne.-s for the holy calling. His expreFsions of regret at his with
drawal from it are certainly not echoed in the hearts of other clergymen,
nrho Ehould be overjoyed at losing one from their midst who has proven
to the very precepts of his religion. Xo man would talk the way he
Osman Digna in Prison.
SUAKiai, Jan.- 21.— Osman Digna, prin-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMPRISONED
IN II TUNNEL
Lives of Eleven Work
men Endangered.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 21.— Shortly after
11 o'clock this mornlnj the west end of
what is known as the Third street tun
nel, which is under construction between
Hill and Hope streets, a distance of three
blocks, caved in and entombed eleven la
borers and bricklayers, and fatally in
jured, W. T. Lambie. an inspector in the
employ of the dtreet Department.
The entombed men are: John Mohn and
John Eckhart, bricklayers; Frank Pelas
seer, John Mitchell, William Paully,
Kimberley. Max Costello, Baden, John
Bejoe, J. W. Washburn and Bert Garrett,
laborers.
Work on the tunnel is being done by
contract. In order to hasten its construc
tion a force of men is employed Sunday.
The men were engaged this morninig ex
cavating 175 feet from the mouth of the
tunnel, when the entrance, which had
been timbered up for a distance of 2S feet,
was suddenly choked by tons of
earth and broken timbers. The timbers
were defective and insufficient to support
the great, weight, and the accident is thus
accounted for.
Inspector Lamb was in the act of leav
ing the tunnel when the cave-in occurred.
Three feet from the entrance there stood
a nail keg, which at least temporarily
saved his life. He was ¦ borne to the
ground by the falling earth and timbers,
one of which made a bridge from the
ground to the nail keg. over the upper
part of his body, giving him sufficient
breathing room until the rescuers un
earthed him. His lower extremities,
however, were pinned down, and it was
eight hours before he was extricated, and
then in a dying condition.
Twenty-eight feet from the entrance to
the tunnel, which has been sunk to a
depth of 175 feet, the roof is bricked over
and it is not thought that any of the
entombed men were killed. The tunnel
Is 28 feet high and 26 feet broad and con
tains sufficient air to keep the men alive
for a number of hours. A shaft Is now
being sunk through the roof of the tun
nel for the purpose of admitting more
fresh air, and the entombed men can be
heard digging for liberty b>\ the scores of
shovelers who are working form the ou
side. Barring accidents, it is thought the
imprisoned men will be liberated In the
course of twelve or fifteen hours.
Two deaths have already occurred In
this tunnel by previous cave-ins.
FUNERAL OF MARKO RABASA.
Body Followed to the Grave by Aus
trian Societies.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
SAN* JOSE. Jan. 21.— The funeral of
Marko Rabasa, a well-known pioneer
Austrian resident, was held here to-day,
and was largely attended by members of
the local Slavonian colony and by mem
bers of the Austrian Benevolent Society
of San Francisco, of which the deceased
was one of the charter members. He
helped to organize the San Francisco so
ciety in 1857. The deceased was 73 years
of age, a native of Dalmatia, Austria.
He came to California In ISSI, and suc
ceeded in amassing a fortune In the veg
etable business. The funeral parade was
headed by a brass band. The members
of the local Austrian Benevolent Society
turned out In force.
cipal general of the late Khalifa Abdul
lah and who was captured last Thurs
day in the hills near Tokar. was brought
here to-day and Imprisoned.
ASHLAND WOOLEN
MILLS DESTROYED
New Machinery Lost, Together With
a Large Amount of Manufac
tured Goods.
ASHLAND (Or.), Jan. 21.— The Ashland
Woolen Mills, one of the oldest industrial
establishments In the State, owned and
operated by E. X & G. N. Anderson, were
this morning destroyed by fire, which is
supposed to have originated in the weav
ing room. Machinery to the value of
$5000 had recently been added to the plant,
and the concern was in the most prosper
ous condition. About $6000 worth of
blankets and blanketing in process of
manufacture wero also burned. The total
loss 13 $65,000. The insurance on the
building and its contents amounts to
$13,500.
Officers Elected.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MONTEREY, Jan. 21.— The regular an
nual election o£_^offlcers of San Carlos
Council. Y. M. 1., of thjs place, which
has just been held, resulted in the choice
of the following: President, Joseph Mil
ler Jr.; first vice-president, V. Correia;
second vice-president. M. S. Perry; sec
retary. Rev. R. M. Mestres: treasurer and
corresponding secretary, William Hunf
marshbal, T. Miller; I. S., F. Gannini*
O. S.. F. Cruz; executive committee-
Manuel Perry, V. Correia and T. Miller
These officers will be Installed on Thurs
day evening next.
the church company was the best ho ever
trained with. The thing he boasts of be
lieving in. unfortunately, has long been
marked as dangerous by human experi
ences and observations, independent of
church teaching. It seems like a work
of supererogation for a gentleman who
has spent ten years in the ministry, for
which he never had a conviction to turn
from it in a spasm of virtue and denounce
all his brethren as hypocrites. They
might, with some show of reason, inquire
in what light he regarded himself during
that time."
Maclnnes does not think his place Is in
the church he is very wise to leave it."
Rev. Dr. R. F. Coyle. pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church, expresses
sorrow that any man should take the
position of Mr. Maclnnes. "I have only
this to say." remarked Dr. Coyle. "This
young man hasn't left the ministry any
too soon if he holds the opinion reported.
The ministry is no place for a man who
will take that attitude. I really don't
remember much about this affair, but I
am very sorry that any man in or out of
a church should take such a position."
HE FACED SOME
HARD PROBLEMS
Rev. W. W. Scudder, Alnmeda Congre
gational Church: "Mr. Maclnnes must
have had a very unfortunate experience
to make such wild charges. His reasons
are very trivial and based upon a strange
conception of the ministry. His reasons
are two. the principal of which is that
self-repression is hypocrisy. It may and
it may not be. If Mr. Maclnnes, enjoy
ing wines and dances, decided that by giv
ing those up he could serve his God and
his congregation, men would honor him
for hie self-denial and not call him a
hypocrite. Paul did not consider himself
a hypocrite because he gave up the meat
that offended those he was trying to hep.
When Mr. Maclnnes sells his first bill of
goods to an elderly merchant he will re
press that natural feeling to Flap him on
the back and say, 'Hello, Bill.' Will he
/Call himself a hypocrite for his discre
tion? Every noble work in the world calls
for courteous self-repression. 'The church
is full of hypocrites." Mr. Maclnnes must
know a good deal, for 'full' is a large
term and hypocrisy a severe one. Ti:e
church is full of imperfect people, that
MacINNES MADE
TWO MISTAKES
REV. E. A. WOODS, pastor of
the First Baptist Church, re
ferred rather tartly to Rev.
Mr. Maclnnes as follows: "I
never had known of Rev. Mr. Mac
lnnes or his work until my atten
tion was turned to his statement
in The Call. From that statement
I should infer that he made his
first mistake in ever entering the
ministry and his second in not go
ing out of it long before he did.
That he was ordered from his
home when he was but 14 years
of age by a furious father, who
never recognized him again be
cause of his childish choice of a
profession. Is a statement which
should be taken with a grain of
salt. That there may be hypo
crites in the churches and in the
ministry I have no doubt. There
was one Judas among the twelve
disciples."
a minister of God to be a 'hale, fellow well
met," nor do I hold that a minister should
be 'solemn- visaged' always. I do believe,
however, that he should never do a single
act that would abate one jot or tittle of
the dignity becoming his holy office.
"The churches have their faults, but I
have no occasion to arraign them for
hypocrisy. Ministers are human and
fallible, but a long acquaintance with
them in many fields leaves me with a pro
found respect for them as noble and self
devoted men. Mr. Maclnnes is evidently
unsettled a little by the prevailing revo
lutionary spirit of the age. and, therefore,
should be forgiven for the false position
he has assumed."
must be dealt with most patiently. Have
I a right to call a man a hypocrite who
does not use his wealth just as I would
and whose social and political ideas and
course are not just like mine? If he is
wrong I try patiently to help him see it.
Am 1 a hypocrite for seeming to over
look much and for not denouncing him
from the pulpit?
"I think Mr. Maclnnes a sincere, hon
est man who has run up against some of
the hard problems that call for n patient
treatment. That is a good deal like self
crucifixion, and which every minister
must bear; and he has become disheart
ened. The older he grows he will see that
life cannot be cut out into square blocks
by his square of justice.
"Hypocrites? Yes. The church has
these. So has every good thing. Christ
predicted it. He kept silent three years
with a Judas in the camp, nor did he
leave his ministry because Judas was
there. But they are not as thick as Mr.
Maclnnes thinks, and his refuge does not
seem to be a complete one. There are
some hypocrites left /still in the mercan
tile profession."
WAS TARDY IN
HIS DISCOVERY
Rev." John A. B. Wilson, pastor of the
Howard M. E. Church said: "All I can
say In the case of Rev. J. C. Maclnnes,
as he is reported in The Call, is that he is
a man who had mistaken his calling and
has done the right thing in getting out
of a false position. If he expected to find
perfection in church members or in his
brother ministers, that was his misfor
tune. But, with all their faults, he will
look back in after years and admit that
HAS NO MONOPOLY ON SINCERITY.
THE reasons given by Mr. Maclnnes for leaving the ministry are not only
inadequate but a reflection upon the church, and not alone the church
but on Mr. Mclnnes. They are these:
A minister who cannot stand the disclosures of human nature will
never make a great success. Neither will he make a car conductor, a
lawyer, a doctor or a newspaper man. There is a strain of pessimism in
Maclnnes. He has lost faith in humanity, the worst of all mental disasters.
It is a sad sight to see a bright young man like Mr. Maclnnes run away from
life and Jumping out of the frying pan of the ministry into the fire of busi
ness.
The members of the church do not want a long-visaged pastor; they want
a manly man, a gentleman, a man who believes in God and also in propriety,
and above all one who believes in man. If there are hypocrites in the church
the greater the reason for remaining in the church. A man must not be a
hypocrite in order to remain in the ministry. Such a statment slanders the
pulpit. Mr. Maclrnes is not the only honest man in the ministry. He has not
a monopoly of sincerity. WILLIAM RADER..
OAKLAND FILLED
WITH SYMPATHY
Over in Oakland, where Rev. Mr. Mac
lnnes ts most widely known, the clergy
men epeak of his repudiation of their
calling more in sorrow than in anger.
The opinions of some of them are ap
pended:
Rev. C. R. Brown— l am surprised at
the remarks attributed to Mr. Maclnnes.
He was a warm personal friend of mine,
and it seems strange that he would say
anything of the sort. lam surprised and
sorry.
Rev. Mr. Maclnnes finished a course of
special studies at tbe Ducific Theological
Seminary in Oakland atfout a year and a
hnlf ago, and Dr. J. K. McLean, president
of that Institution. speaks In trio-wing terms
of the young ex-minister. "1 cannot
imagine what has come over Maclnr.es."
said Dr. McLean. "He was always so
gentlemanly and modest, and withal a
most earnest student. He is a college
graduate, widely read, and was selected
as one: of our best- student?. At Benicla.
where he formerly preached, he was well
liked. I am surprised that he should say
anything like those statements accredited
to him. fox he was never a blatherskite.
"I know that he has stated thai he did
not think on the whole that he was fitted
for the ministry.
Rev. Dr. B. R. Dille. pastor of the First
M. E. Church of Oakland, was also very
well acquainted with Maclnnes. "From
what I know of him." said Dr. Diile, "I
would hardly credit those statements as
coming from him. He was very active in
Christian Endeavor work. •. He spoke very
effectively in my church during the
Christian Endeavor convention. It is cer
tainly all a great surprise. I thought
Maclnnes was a young man of unusual
spirituality. He surely must have taken
some very strange freak if this is all
true of him. Of course. I would like to
give him every benefit of a doubt; but if
he did say these things he is very wise in
going out of the ministry."
Rev. C. H. Hobart. pastor of the First
Baptist Church. Oakland, takes this view:
"This is a free country, and a man has a
right to change his religious views when
ever he sees tit. The general principle in
this country of a man believing according
to the dictates of his conscience I hold
strenuously as being inviolable. If Mr.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1900.
WAENEB'S EEMEDIES.
I fiEALTH Mm
MUSTA MINISTER BE A HYPOCRITE?
5
EDMUND KHAN.
In the Character of Richard 111.Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
OUI BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE.
Patients may deposit the price of a
cure in any San Francisco bank, to be
paid only after they are well, or may
pay in monthly Installments. We use
no Injurious medicines or electric belts.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street.
San Francisco.
Established 19 years. Hours, 8 to *5
dally, 7 to 8 evenings, 9 to 11 Sundays.
Elevator entrance.
An Undecided Contest.
One of the best handball games played
for a number of years was that at Phil
Ryan's handball court, 858 Howard street,
yesterday," In which White and Collins
played "Jack" Bonnet and Al Hampton.
The game was undecided, for darkness
set in before the last rub could be finish
ed. The contest will be played out next
Sunday. The game stood at the conclu
sion of the second inning: _.;•-'.•. ;•-'.• -\ ¦;
White and Collins 14 21 18 21
Bonnet and Hampton 21 18 21 17
The scores of the other players were
11. Rodgers and W. Fisher defeated M.
Basch and E. J. Murphy. Score: 21—17,
14—21, 21—16.
P. Hutchinson and P. Kelly defeated M.
Dillon and G. Hutchinson. Score: 21— lv,
7-21. 21-13.
T. McManus and J. Dooley defeated S.
Garvey and J. Bolster. Score: 21—13,
o—2l, 21—11.
W. H. Kediaji and A. Whlteman defeat
ed G. B. Hayward and W. H. Sieberst.
Score: 21—12, 17—21, 21—15.
G. McDonald and P. Steiner defeated M.
McNeil and P. McKinnon. Score: 21— 11,
14—21, 21—12.
W. Magulre and T. Foley defeated G.
Smith and J. Condon. Score: 21—12, 15—21,
21—19.
Willie Kilgallon and J. Connelly defeat
ed Young White and John Kilgallon.
Score: 21—19, 21-20.
R. Housman and B. Toy defeated E.
Curley and E. Murphy. Score: 21—16,
13-21. 21—19.
AMUSEMENTS.
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE:)
PHONE SOUTH 770.
TO-NIGHT.
SATURDAY NIGHT LAST PEItFORM-VXCE
THE EVER POPLLAR
AXGAV
CONEY
ISLAND!
POPULAR PRICF.S.
Lvenlns. 16c. 250. 35c. 50c and V*:. Mat.nee 13c
23c, CJc and 50c.
Next Sunday Afternoon Something New
"HIS BETTER HALF."
CAFE |H
Vallsts checked fre«.
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coka.
OFFICK. til FOLSOM ST.
The track across the bay will open Its
pates again to-day with one of the most
fetching cards of the season. The feature
of the racing will be the Kollansbee hand
icap of seven furlongs. The entries ar»
as follows:
First race— Five furlong-s; three-year-olds;
selling;:
MS L.. B. McWhlrtr.lH! ECg Corolla 107
232 Infinity mi nso Saul of Tarsus.. 107
646 Sisquoc 11* 653 fine Shot 102
... Bagdad 11> ... Invisible 113
646 The Echo 117 509 Uundara 117
... Edgardo U'j
Second race— Seven furlongs; Belling; four
year-olds and upward:
602 O'Connor J0« $47 Mike Rice 10*
636 Faversham 10S 604 St. Isldor 11«
6C4 Tom Cromwell. .ll2 f.93 Coda 107
651 Stromo U« 6i4 Inverary II ....109
AMATEUR BASEBALL.
Lash's Bitters Team Defeats the
Heesemans at Recreation Park.
The second baseball game played be
tween the Lash's Bitters nine and the
Heesemans of Oakland at the Recreation
grounds yesterday afternoon was won by
the former by the close score of B—7.8 — 7.
Although the Heesemans outbatted the
Bitters players, they were not so lucky
on the bags. Many friends of both teams
were in attendance and enthusiasm
marked the play from beginning to end.
The score:
LASH'S BITTERS
HEESEMANS
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS
SUMMARY,
Earned runs— Heesemans 1. Three-base hit
Magee. Two-base hits— Cllne, Kane, Shea.
Sacrifice hit— Urockhoff. Lett on bases— Lash's
iiitters 3. Heesemans 7. Bases on balls— Lash's
Bitters J. Heesemans 3. Struck out— By Shea
4. by Perrine 7. Time of game— 2 hours. Passed
hall— Shea. Umpire— V. Carroll. Scorer— E.
Kaet.
COLLEGE BASEBALL
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA CLARA. Jan. 21.— Both Berke
ley and Stanford have arranged a series
of baseball games to be played with the
Santa Clara College nine during the com
ing season. The college team has recently
organized and will begin practice in a few
days.
Al SHIP COLUMBIA. CAPACITY 2700
tons, sailing on or about April 10. Ap-
ply Alaska Navigation and Commercial
Co., office with LKWIS, AXDKRSOJC &
CO.. 2>> East street. LOWEST RATES
lA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PDriulC AND ATTORNET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bide.
Telephone Brown 931
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell
San Francisco. '
!: Palace and \
¦: Grand Hotels •
" For nearly a Quarter of a century th» °
° leadinc hotels on the Paclflo Coast. ?
<> With added Imorovements and con- <•
? vemences they continue to be the head- <•
a quarters for tourists and travelers via- . .
I Ulne San Francisco. ?
t JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. ?
? Manacv. < ,
Our
"No-Extra-
Charge"
CREDIT BYSTEAI
differs from all oth»rs in
that it uerforma all that its
nan' implle*.
WJiy hesitate to use It
when you can set exactly
the same values here on
CREDIT which aro offered
elsewhere fcr cash?
CHICAGO TAILORING CO.,
18:6 Market St.
L/^^i I S Wi oiM i**wn«
Every Evening, Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LOUIS JAMES,
KATHRYiN KIDDER,
CHARLES B. HAINFORD
And a Company of 37 People.
TO-NIGHT.
"THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL 1 '
Tuesday. Wednesday, Thursday and Friday
Nights.
'THE WINTER'S TALE."
Saturday Matinea ~HA3TLET"
Saturday Nifcht "MACBETH"
Sunday Night "OTHELLO 1 *
Next Week — Final performances James-Kld-
Foe ii.
Th.9 Elegant a I Iron American
Hail Steamer
ZEALANDIA.
CAPACITY 3000 TONS.
Sailing From San Francisco
Monday, May 21,1900.
Carrying First Cabin, Second
Class, Steerage Passengers and
Freight
For Passenger or Freight Res-
ervations Apply at Once.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,,
139 POST STREET.
BOHE PROVES
OF WORTH AS
A GREYHOUND
Wins the Open Stake at Union
P^rk Brilliantly From
Royal Flush.
After a day* coursing replete with inci
dents J. 11. Perig-o's Bohc, by St. Law
rcnce-\\>e Lassie 11, won the open stake
yesterday at Union Park. In the lina!
t=hc mci Frank McComb's Koyal Flur>h
and s-hut him out pointless, the Fcore be
ing 6-0. This outcome was expected, as
the big black dos had been throuph some
dosperate running; and in addition had
•sustained a bad fall. Boh«*, on the other
hand, had been fortunate, the majori:y
of her trials being t=horu She dofeat.-d
Depend On Me, i-0; Flying Fox, 4-0; then
«njoyod a bye course; beat Hawker, >>-0;
1-a.dy Clare. C-l. and then met Royal
Plush for the all-important final.
The most sensational course of the day.
and one of tjie most remarkable ever se«n
on the field, was between tho stake fa
vorite. Beacon, and Royal Flush. The
d^gs ran one minute and forty-four sec
onds. Royal Flush winning by a score of
I*^ to 12. The rice* showed equal speeJ to
the hare, whldi for ;i time favored Flush.
Beacon was showing the advantage wlien
he stumbled and buried his long mu/.r.le
In the earth. The blow stunnrd him and
he diii not recover quickly. Flush then
fell, leaving the result in doubt for a
time, but hf finally w«.n. Judge Grace
pronounced Beacons fall one of the se
verest he had ever seen <>n the field. Flush
ran a bye with his kennel mate Mntto in
the next round and won, although Motto
was ir.stalkd favorite.
The cours«> between Lucky Dog ana
lowa Maid resulted in a scene seldom
¦witnessed :n the coursing field. The brace
of dogs were not sighted on their game
and overran the hare. The latter hexi
tated a moment and then followed the
«3ors at top Bpeed. It presented the odd
ppertacle of running into the very jav.s
or death. When the dog? missed their
prey they slackened their speed, and then
Eighties the haie quickly dispatched it.
Beacun ran a sensational course with
the phenomenally fast Lucky Dog. The
hare favored Lucky Dog ami he had the
pcore t; to a in his favor when he weak
ened, allowing Beacon to score a turn and
tbe kill which gave him the course.
In the sapling stake T. J. Cronin's re
cent purchases. Vandal and Vixen, ran
cur, two. dividing tirM and second money.
The day was cold and cheerless, but the
attendance was large ar.d the quality of
the sport k«-pt the people interested
throughout. The results, with the official
ecores, follow:
Parlir.K stake, first round— T. J. Cronin's
Vixen be £ t F. Jones' We^gewood. 5—3; r». K»ar
don> Mollie R beat F. Jones' Tom Hurlkk.
F—l:F — 1: Georjrc Xevorcott's Fre.la beat I. 11.
Frank's Glen Anne, 14— 0: T. J. Cronin's Vandal
a bye.
Pe<-pr.d round— Vixen beat Mollie R. 6—o: \ an
«*.al beat Freda. *. — «. T. J. Cronin's Vixen and
Vandal divides the ttakp.
Open stake, first round— R. E. de B. Lopez's
Fara beat H. bymli's Lexington. 10—0: Curtis
* Son's Cash beat E'rwin & Lyon's Silver
J.yon. JS— 9: <IfMjrce Whitney's Th"ron l>eat
Handy <1- Fmith's Petronius, 5—3: J. fttnrnmne'a
Wildn-nod N>at J. McEnroe's Norwest. 13— €:
Pat Horcans Lucretla Bnrcia b<>at E. M. K»l
lofg'e KM McCoy, 4—3; I*e«h.i Kennels' Uoyal
Anno b*at Maher & Reid's Sincleton. 19—": K.
Mnran'f F"al*e Flatterer t*at M. J. O'Neil't
Pat Reiily. tt— lo: D. J. Healeyw Lady Clare
« bye, Jcssamy withdrawn: J. Sham's Lucky
T*r>g »>eat G. S-'!iarman's Walt a Bit. 11—6; E.
M. Kellorg 's lons Maid heat J. P. Thrift*
Brutus. 15— 7; Maher 4: Reid's Bad Boy beat
H L Taylors Jieauty Spot, o— 0: Curtis &
Sons Beacon beat Handy & Smith's Magic.
*— *.: F. A. McComb'B Mntto beat Erwm &
Lyon's Silver Wir.gs. 4—2; F. A. McOomb'a
Royal Fluth beat H. A. Deckelman's Uwr'nce.
C— 3- Russell Al'.en &.¦ Wilson's Daisy Clair b<*at
M I>ondon's Magneto. 4—3: Sterl & Knowl»«f'
Husty Gold beat T. J. Cronin's Thornhill. 6—3;
J. P. Thrift's Forget beat R. E. de B. Lopez's
Minnie Wa Wa r.— l; T. J. Cronin's Wild Tra-
Jec beat W. F. Hobbs' Mercy May, 4—2: Kay
Brothers' Hawker beat Curtis & Son's Vanity
Fair. s—o; Si<=rl &¦ Knowles' O'Hara beat
Handy & Smith's J»nnie Wilson. 13— T; J. H.
Periro's B"!i>- brat T. J. Cronin's Depend On
ije_ k— o; Curtis i Sin's Flying Fcx beat Bar
ter .Brothers' Macs Melody, ii — 2.
Second round— Sara l>eat Cash, 4—o; Th»ron
»>eat Wild wood. 6—l: Royal Anne J^at Lucretia
Borgia. 2—2; Lady Clare beat False Flatterer,
t— l; Lucky Dog beat loxva Maid, 2—o: Beacon
beat Bad Boy. B—2; Daisy Clair beat Motto.
7—2; Royal Flush b*at Rusty Gold. 7—.": Wild
TraW f«at Forpet, 7—5: Hawker beat O'Hara.
6_<i; Bob* »~at Flying Fox. 4—o.
Third round— Theron f»-at Sara, s—o;5 — 0; Lady
Clare teat Royal Ann*. 4—o;4 — 0; Beacon beat
Lucky Doc >¦— *: Royal Flush beat Daisy Clair.
*— 0; Hawker beat Wild Tralee, 4—3; Bone a
t>>e.
Fourth round— Lady Clare beat Theinn, 4—o;4 — 0;
noyal Flush beat Beacon, IS— l2; Bone beat
Hawker, t—o.
Fifth round— Br>he beat Lady Clare, $—1;
Royal Flush a bye.
Fir.al— Bche beat Royal Flush, 6—o.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Belle Claire won the final In the Non
wiiinen' stake at Inpleside Coursing
Park yesterday, with Golden Rule as run
r.cr-up. The attendance was large. The
day's results follow:
Ni?n-wir.ner«' stake, flret round — R. L. Tay
lor's Hose bf-at E. M. Keliojfsr's lowa Boy,
(f—l: furtis & Vulcan beat A. Van den
Burch's American Eagle. 4—o; A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan beat T. FanninK's Royal Cliff. 5— 2;
W. C. GtMMß'a Heiph Bells beat Barteln Bros.'
Bf-or Brewer. T— 4; T. Cox's Haret>rain beat J.
R, Smith's Victor Queen. 7— a; M. Nealon's
Van }<•-.:.¦ beat M. Kelly's Gentle Ann)".
If'— i; Baxtels Bros.' Bens Babe beat T. Nevin's
Nellie N. 2—o; J. O'Shea's Golden Rule beat
P. Reilly's Lady Granite. C— S; James Byrne's
Battleship beat H. Lynch's Lottie 11. 3—o;
K. C Whitine's St. Anthony beat Conn^ll
Bros." Dunmorc. ii — C; J. liouning's Dempsoy
I^aFs b>»«t F. lli-Comb's Mle? Skyrocket, 3—l;
J. I. O'LSrien's Wandering Tom l>eat T. J.
McHiurh's Moss Ilo«e, 4—o;4 — 0; T. Murphy'g T<-a
Rose beat P. ReiUy's Richmond Queen. S— t.
•T. I. O'Brien's Ftat^sman beat J. EL Perigo's
I*retty Girl. s—o; Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Mifs Penman beat T. J. Cronin's Rose of
Tra!e*. 3—^; J. H. l'prigo's Lady Davenport
heat F. A. McCoir.b's One Sp<»t. 3—l;3 — 1; James
Iran's Ga'.lar.t beat J. J. Edmonds' Oo On, 23—
31': D. Tcland's Twilißht Jr. beat T. Smith's
Mary Black, 3— «: J. O'Dowd's Clifton La*s beat
T. J. Cronin's Maid of Ball. s—o; J. J.Edmonds'
Morning Glory t*at J. Dean's Glide, 4—l:
James Dean's Gladiator beat W. C. Glasson's
Terrona, 14—0; T. I»ean's Miss Grizrle beat
<.*a.plain Kane's Greenhall. 2*— l2: EL A. Deckel
man's Snapshot beat J. Keenan's Royal Oak.
4—l; Russell, Allen A Wilson's Belle Claire
beat H. Lynch's Mystic Maid, 3—2; J. Ferris'
Leah beat Russell, Allen & Wilton's Julius
Caesar, la — 12; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle beat
A. Van den Burrh's Naughty Girl. 16 — 9; F.
C. Mack's Delia M beat Curtis & Son's Maud
F. 11— r,; Connell Bros." Good Bye b»at T J.
Mr-Hugh's Maid <->f the Mill. 6—3.
Second round— Vulcan beat Mose. 6—o;6 — 0; Tod
Floan beat Fleighbells, 12—2; Harebraln beat
Van Knapp. 4—2; Golden Rule beat Ben's Babe,
C-^O; Battleship beat Ft. Anthony. 16—7;
Wandering Tern beat Dempsey Lass, s—o;
i^atesman beat Tea Rose. 3—!; Lady Davenport
beat Miss Penman. 3—o; Twilight Jr. beat Gal
lant, B—6; Morning Glory beat Clifton I^irs.
•4—3; Gladiator beat Miss Grizzle, 4—o; Belle
«la!re beat Fnanshot. 6—o: Bald Ea«r!e beat
Leah. 10-2; I>lla M beat Maid of the Mill,
Z— o.
Third round— Vulcan bett Tod Ploan, 6 0;
Cold'en Rule >,rgT Har<»lirain. 21— €; Wandering
Tom beat Battleship, fi — 0; Lady Davenport beat
Statesman, 3—o; Morning Glorr beat Twlllrht
.Jr. 7—l; Belle Claire beat Gladiator. 4—3-
D»-!la M beat Bald Eagle, 4—o.
Fourth round — Golden Rul* beat Vulcan.
" — •': Wandering Tom b*at I^ady Davenjioit,
X— 1; Belle Claire beat Morning Glory. 4—2
IVUa M. a bye.
Fifth round — Golden Rule b*at ¦Wandering
T"m. n— S; Belle Claire beat Delia M. 4—o
Final— Btlle Claire beat Golden Rule. 7—l.
STOCKTON COURSING
Fr*rlal Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Jan. 21.— The results at
Goodwater Grove to-day were:
Run-down— Clipper »,e a t Master Allen; Iron
Duke beat Tap Out; Winning Larsie beat Lucy
<~i; S'jntrf-nm boat Raceaway; Hazel L beat
lianr.ii»tcr; Kitty Rcott beat Leah; Sarah Gold
b^at Fon?et Me Not; Peaceful Glen beat Thorn
hlil Com't; Random Aim twat Pancy Panha;
<"at.h In tx-at New Arrival; Rougfa Rider beat
VaJdear; Fortlve brat Montana: Prince o*
Fashion beat Joker: St. Elmo beat Rowdy Boy;
Kerry Gow beat Tip; Pat Malloy beat Cava
nauffh.
FJr*t tle»— iron Duke beat Clipper; Wlnnlnr
:...¦¦' beat Hiiiel L beat Kitty
Fcott; Suab Cold beat I e*ioeful Glen; Caen In
bc«t Kaadom Aim: Itoujrh Rider beat Forplve;
ft. E^rno b*at Prince of Fashion; Kerry Gow
be*t Pat Malloy.
Ht-cond tien— Winning Laseie beat Iron Duke-
HazH L »*»t Sarah Gold: Rough Rider beat
O»*h In; Kerry Gow beat St. Elmo.
Third tie»- Haxel L beat Winning L&sele;
Roueh Rider beat Kerry Gow.
Fical— Hazel L beat Rough Rider.
% 2
V^33d MARKET sT.'s.F.^S^
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN OK.
THIS EVENING,
Magnificent Revival of Strauss' Famous Comic
Opera,
THE QUEtIN'S LACE
HANDKERCHIEF.
DEBUT OF
ETTA GULBRETH
As the Queen of Portugal.
THE FUNNIEST OF ALL FUNNY COMIC
OPERAS.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good R«Berved Seat In Orchestra, Saturday
Matinee. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
Death of Joseph Newbauer.
Joseph Newbauer, an old merchant of
this city, passed away at the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. Bertha Gugg^en
hima, 1317 Gough street, yesterday. The
deceased was born In Bohemia in 1826 and
arrived in San Francisco In 1850. From
here he went to Sacramento, where he
started in business, paying special atten
tion to the coal mining Industries. Leav
ing Sacramento he returned to this clty
and entered into active business until
after several years he accumulated suf
ficient of this world's goods to retire to
private life. During his lifetime he was
an active member and also one of the
charter members of Pacific Lodge. Free
and Accepted Masons, besides being iden
tified with other secret organizations He
was among the first to open the Emanu
£l Synagogue as a place of worship. He
leaves . behind him a family of six sons
and daughters, besides a host of personal
friends, who knew him to admire him
for bis sterling qualities as a man.
£HUTES_4ND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
MAJOR MITE, the Smallest Actor on Earth:
the # LEANDOR BROTHERS, Gladiatorial Acrr>.
bats; ELLA HURT, Coastlnj the Chutes, and
THE BEST ROUNDS
OF THE
Sharkey= Jeff ries Fight,
SccrctJy Taken by Edison at
the Coney Island Ringside.
Phone for Seats— Park 23.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
January 22 to February W. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Italn or shine.
Five or more race* each day.
Races start at S:U p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boai» leave sfan Francisco at 12 m and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping: at the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts: no smoklnaf. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Pan Pablo avenue
electric cars at' Seventh and Broadway Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablci avenue curs at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 ar.ti
4:43 p. m. and immediately after the la<»t race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR METHODS,
REMEDIES
AND APPLIANCES HAVE BEEN A
SUCCESS FOR MORE THAN NINE-
TEEN YEARS. WE CURE ALL DIS-
EASKS AND WEAKNESS OF MEN.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE
AT OFFICE OR BY MAIL. IF YOU
CANNOT SEE OUR DOCTORS WRITE
FOR FREE PRIVATE BOOK. DIAG-
NOSIS SHEET. PRICES. ETC. HOME
CURES A SPECIALTY. LETTERS
CONFIDENTIAL.
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN
AT ANY PRICE.
Cures Sent Safe'y by Mail or Express.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL,
THIS EVENING,
CONCERT RECITAL
By the Illustrious Soprano,
Mile. Antoinette TREBELLL
PROGRAMME.— O Virjrln Mother ( Spectre's
Bride), prayer, Dvorak: l?alatella (I Pagltacd),
Leoncavallo: Pena d'Amore. Mascagm ; La. Tui
Stella. Mascasnl; Carnival of Venice (Reina
Topazr). air and variations. V. Masse; Away.
Away. A. Lee; Cherry Ripe. C. E. Him 4 My
Mother Rids Me Uin.l My Hair. Haydn: P.-n-
see d'Automne. Massenet; Serpnarte. Bemberfr:
SI J'Etais Jardinler. Chaminaile; Spring (song)
Tostl. Accomoanist. MR. KOFiERT CL.\k-
ANCE NEWELL. Next Recital* Thurs-iiv
eveninff and Saturday afternoon. Prlce3 $1 :.»)
and $1. Seats now on sale at Sherman. Clay
& Co.'s Music Store-.
Art Association Exhibition.
The San Francisco Art Association an
nounces that there will be an exhibition of
bronzes and metal and earthen ware vases
at the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art be
ginning January 20 and lasting one week.
A reception with orchestral music will
be held for the members on Thursday
evening, the 25th. between the hours of 8
and 11. and on Thursday evening. Febru
ary 1, the exhibition will close with a con
cert.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO NIGHT wl l^™ 115
David Belasco and Henry C. de Mllla's Beau-
tiful Character Play.
LORD CRUMLEY !
Which Made So Pronounced a Success at th 9
Lyceum Theater, New York,
PRICEa 15c. S3e. 33c. SOo
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats by Phone Main 2r>4.
Third race— One and one-sixteenth miles;
fnur-year-olds and upward; selling:
553 Satsuma 112! ••- David Tenny ...109
... Weller 107 i (644)Chas. Le 8e1. ..106
611 I.rdaea S3 j 621 Dr. Marks 96
657 Tempo 1051 510 Lady Britannic. 94
(662)Scoteh Plaid ....103| 654 Merops 1M
Fourth race — Seven furlongs; two-year-olds
and upward; Follansbee Handicap:
651 Pat MorrisFey...l2o' fi«l Ollnthus 123
tOS St. Cuthbert ...IIS! EM Dr. Sheppard ...123
(. r .7.")linper:ous 122 «25 Bathos 110
6."7 Redwald 101 «32 Ventoro 128
651 Yellowtall 1231 636 Faversham 113
650 Dlomed 107 1 637 F. W. Brode ...112
M 7 Flamora 113; f2S Constellator 107
€61 Advance Guard. l2l' 649 Rosormonde ....111
535 Formero 123 1
Fifth race— Six furlongs: four-year-olds and
upward; selling:
663 Romany 1061 526 Meadowlark 109
634 Clarando 104 ; 54S Pmator Dubols..li>3
516 New Moon 107 i 349 Bessie Lee 107
f.3» Panamint 103 1 552 Lost Girl 107
609 Juva 104! IT,', Twinkle Twink..l»)7
... Cormorant 1051 59'j Lucid 103
Sixth race — One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward:
618 Casdale 10-li Fretter ....102
654 Dr. Nembula ... 99 413 Snips 99
655 Sister Alice 102' 662 Red Pirate 102
656 Catastrophe 104 ; (ti34)Headwater 99
642 Del Paso II 10S|
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Saul of Tarsus, Sisquoc, Fine
Ehot.
Second race — Tom Cromwell, O'Connor, Fav
ersham.
Third race— Satsuma, David Tenny, Scotch
Plaid.
Fourth race— Constellator, Dr. Sheppard, St.
Cuthbert.
Fifth race — Cormorant, Panam'nt, Senator
Duboiß.
Sixth race— Dr. Xembula. The Fretter, Head
water.
MARKSMEN
AT WORK ON
THE RANGES
Columbia Club Shoot and
Monthly Medal Conests
at Schuetzen Park,
Three clubp occupied the shooting boxes
at Bchuetzfn Park yesterday and en
joyed excellent sport. Owing to the bad
light on the targets only fair scores were
recorded. A noticeable fact was the man
ner in which the fog lay banked around
the point on which the ranges are situ
ated, but failed to interfere with the
shooters' aim.
The bullseye shoot of the California
Schuetzen Club resulted as follows:
11. Ens*>, M 6; Pliilo Jacoby, 634; A. Hampel,
€S6; F T Schulte, 764; C. M. Henderson. 61<>:
L. Reubold, 570; F. A. Schumpf, 404; R. L.
Lanpe, 9">; K. Werner, IS6S: A. Bartelsen, IM3;
J. Tannmeyer. 1056; John H. Horstmann, IS9S;
A. Gehrett. 1733: L. C. Babin. 2254: Fred Schu
mann. 1546; J. Nolden, 1935: J. C. Walden. 1741;
A. Junghlutt, 1363; T. C. Sehnx-der, W5: S. J.
Carroll. 1023; T. Kullmann, MC6; J. C. Walle,
2145; F. B^llknapD. SCS; It. Stettin. S3*?; Cap
tain F Attinger, 9-'O; A. Pollack. 2455; R. Fink-
Injr 1420.
The following is the ranking of the
bullseye shoot of the Grutli Schuotzen
Verein. although no scores were givon
out: F. Ilaumgartcn. R. Hansen, A. Stu
der. J. Appenzellir, Charles Ott, J. Back
mann, Charles Gutt, A. Van Wie, L.
Mauser and L. Gehret.
The San Francisco Turn Verein held a
bullseye shoot and the following scores
were made:
Joseph Straub, 575; A. Lander. 637; Captain F.
Attinger. 991; A. Finking. 1147; J. Tannmeyer,
1064; F. Brune. 1164; C. Nellson, 1443; H. Enge,
1745; F. Karanier, 2131. Drum corps— F.
Kreuekel. !<57; C. Jones, 1143; W. Straub, 1212;
The Coluumbia Pistol and Rifle Club
members held their regular semi-monthly
meeting yesterday at Harbor View ran^e.
The atendance was good. Several new
shots have joined the ranks of this club,
and there is every prospect that the tar
get accommodations will have to be in
creased. The weather conditions were
not favorable for good scores, but consid
erable shooting was done. It will be re
membered that on the last shoot no rifle
class medal scores were shot on account
of the target pits being flooded oy tne
rains, so those events were shot yester
day. The scores of the day were as fol
low:
Rifle 200 yards, class medals. 10 shots. Colum
bia target, pxnerts— F. O. Youns. 69; A. B
Dorrell, 8?. Sharpshooters-G. Mannel. 76: M.
J. White. 94; G. Hoadley. 107: F. S. Washburn.
131. Marksmen— Dr. J. F. Twist, 79; Mrs. G.
Mannel 112; B. E. Beaman, 117; P. Becker,
135; Mrs. C F. Waltham, 14S; Otto Feudner,
148; Mrs. M. J. White, 158: F. Hassmann, 162.
Re-entry matches, rifle, 200 yards, all comers'
and members' medals— G. Mannel. 61, 71. 91;
F O. Young, 57 59; A. B. Dorrell, 80; G. Hoad
ley, 121, 141.
Rifle records— O. Feudner, K>6, 169; R. Schaetz
leln. 180.
Pistol, 50 yards, re-entry matches, 10 shots,
Columbia target, all comers' and members' pis
tol medals— P. Becker, 62, 60, 55, 67, 52, 65. 61,
60; Dr. J. F. Twist, 80, 65, 75; F. S. Washburn,
62. 70; Mrs. G. Mannel. 62. 66, S3; F. O. Young,
50, s,l
Twist revolver and members' medals— F. O.
Younjr. 51, 71; Dr. J. F. Twist, 12S.
Small rifle, 22 and 25 caliber, all comers' and
Dorrell's medal, for members— Mrs. C. F.
Waltham, 20; A. B. Dorrell, 2S, 36; G. Mannel,
22, 3D; Otto Feudner, 39, 29, 46; Dr. J. F. Twist,
28, 32 23. 41.
Record scores, r.O yards pistol— G. Hoadley,
82, 81; A. B. Dorrell. 54, 64, 72, 43; Mrs. M. J.
White. So; A. M. Powell. 97; C. Farrell, 120.
Revolver— A. M. Powell. S3, 85, 93, 76; Mrs. M.
J. White, 79; M. J. White, 81; G. Hoadley, 116.
Small rifle-C.' Farroll. W.
STANDING OF
THE RIDERS
UP TO DATE
List of Winning Stables—Oak
land Reopens To-Day
With a Swell Card.
Although seen in the saddle but seldom
during the meeting 'just closed at Tan
foran. Charley Thorpe still has the largest
number of winning mounts to his credit.
In the amount of money earned by stables
Burns & Waterhouse head the list, with
E. Corrigan and Barney Schreiber close
second and third respectively. The
stables that won over $&J0 since the sea
pon opened in September last are as fol
low?;
Burns & Waterhouse, $15,025; E. Corrißan,
$U.fc7s; B. Schreiber, $11,170; Dr. H. C Itowell.
$ < *3»; Carruthers & Shields, $^'95; W. Shields,
$5575; J. F. Schorr, $5955; Walter Jennings,
$5520; V. Ryan. $5025; J. G. Brown & Co., $4550;
J. Coffey. $3:C0; Pueblo Stable, $3695; Caesar
Young, $3.".85; Remsen Stable. $3545; Louis Ezell,
$5475; Alamedsi Stable, $3210; A. R Spreckels,
$3140; E. J. Baldwin, $3045; C. F. Durnell. 52%5;
M. Storn, $2^15; J. J. Moran. $2645; W. D. Ran-
dall. %2-^ZO; C. Llnd, 12100; J. Foley, f2H'<; H. J.
Jones, $2305; J. Carroll. $2300; W. U. Sink Jr.,
$2CSO; J. S. Gibson, »:"045; W. Fisher. |301S;
Foster & llackett, $1303; Trur; Briton Stable,
J1980; Cambridge Stable $l«:!0; E. Kennedy,
JIS4S; C. F. Boots. $1775; T. E. MoLaughlin,
$1775; Don Cameron. $1730; J. H. Shields. SI67U;
O. P. Romish. $18*5; R. Hughes. 11605; \V. P.
Fine. S1600; \V. L. Stanflel.J, J1375; D. S. Foun
tain. $1555; K. F. Kdwards. $1540; D< ss & Co..
$li 20; T. G. Ferguson, $1f.25; O. \V. Miller.
$1410; E. F. Smith. $l<n0; F. Phillips, $1895; I.
HUdreth, $li:0; MrMahon & Gerhardy, *12M»;
Dan Honig. $1^75; G. Hummers. « ll'"0 ; A. W.
Stotesburg. $12 lp 0; A. J. $1170; Earn
shaw Brothers, $1165; I). Hanlon, $lt<W;
A. M. Linnell. $1050; S. P. Tate, $10r.O;
O. Appleby, $103u; I. Morehouse, $1025;
A. Simmons. $10)0; Marcus Daly. $1005; J.
«; Humphrey. *:«2."; S. F. «'apps. $345; Hu*h
Jones, SMO: Crane & Owen. $'.»-j0; P. Moore, J!»00:
P. E. Smith. Hit; J. J. Grant, $^S0; Dan Mc-
Carty. $555: E. Lanisan, |8S0; E. Hubbell. $S5O;
11. I. Griffin, $M 5; W. Murry, $300; H. M.
Schwartz, $scu; McConnell & Co., $7M; Hiss M.
O'Connell $775; W. J. Spiers. $.45; J. R. Thom
as $750; M. J. Collins. $775; E. Purser. $725; C.
rfj.ooner. pCB; J. X. Drake. $720; C. W. Chap
pell, $7(5; H C. AhWR. $700; N. 8. Hall. $<575;
Holman & Hollis. $«70; Dr. 1. W. O'Kourke.
t6U; Q. W. Baldwin. $650; I'artington Bros.,
$5(0; J. L. Crooks. $6C5: G. Demlns, $625; C. G.
White, $."75 : Jr.hn McCaffrey. $550; F. J.
O'Rourke, $.'(Vj; Smith & Smythe. $545: P. <,'or
rigan $52:.; J. D. Fitzgerald. $525; J. R Dyer.
$545; J. Hutchison. $52ti; Mrs. M. J. Smith. $545;
Smith & Abrahams. $505.
Below Is given a list of the riders, with
number of winning mounts, etc., credited
to each:
READY FOR
THE DOG
CONTESTS
High-Class An'mals to Com
pete in the Bakersfidd
Field Trials.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 21.— The seven
teenth annual trial of the Pacific Coast
Field Trial Club will open to-morrow
(Monday) morning. All of the train
ers have completed their work and have
reached Bakers Held with their strings of
dogs. The visitors have not put in their
appearance as yet in great numbers, but
a large delegation Is expected on to
night's train. As the southbound train
does not reacn here until about 10 p. m.,
if on time, the drawing for the members'
stake will take place to-morrow at 8
o'clock.
The weather still remains very disa
greeable, although it was colder to-day
than it has been for the past week. The
kennel men are anxiously waiting for
warmer weather and sunshine, as under
these conditions the birds will work much
better. and t tie trials will be more interest
ing a.s well as comfortable for those in at
tendance. One or two of the members
who visited the trial grounds to-day re
port plenty of birds.
Much credit is due to the president of
the club, W. S. Tevis, for the care taken
of the grounds, both as regards keeping
off stock and preventing poachers trom
destroying the birds. He has a patrol
man constantly in attendance, whose
business it is to see that there is no
shooting, and as the birds have remained
undisturbed throughout the season it la
believed they will be more plentiful than
last year.
The dogs generally are in excellent con
dition, and. it is claimed, are a much
higher class lot both in the derby and all
age than was seen last year, and there is
apparently nothing to prevent a most
successful field trial.
BEST SHOW IN TEARS
PAPINTA, the Mirror Dancer.
JAMES 0. BARROWS,
Assisted by JOHN A. LANCASTER A CO..
In "TACTICS." "Bfst Lesriumata Com-
edy Ever on the Orpheum Stn?e "
EDNA IiASSETT MARSHALL A CO. In "Sun-
shine and Sorrow." a Musical Novelty.
JOSEFH XETWMAN. the Singing Song Writer.
and a Host of Others. All Scored
Big Hits.
Reserved Seats, 23c; lialcony, 10c; Ot)er*
Chairs and Box S^ats. T>oo.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"BOOT MOX, YE CANNA LOSE BE!"
TO-NIGHT BEGINS THE SECOND
WEEK OF THE ENORMOUS
COMIC OPERA
SUCCESS.
THE IDOL'S EYE.
CURTAIN RISES AT S SHARP.
EVERT EVENING. EVERY EVENING.
MATINEE SATURDAY!
POPULAR PRICEfI. 25c und tOo.
TELEPHONE BUSH 3.
IT WAS UPROARIOUSLY
indee^ funny:
The Audience Convulsed with Laughter
"IN PARADISE"
As Presented by th«
A Most Excruclatlnsly Funny Forea.
"AM papers will proc!al:n the news,
That 'Paradise' disr^ls the blues."
And Next \Veelc Comes
"THE CUCKOO,"
From the Frenrh. and very funny, too.
One of Charles Frohman's sreat'st road suc-
cerses.
COURSING-ROWING SPORTS RACING-SHOOTING
ALAMEDA BOAT CLUB'S CREW WINS FIVE-MILE RACE
ON OAKLAND ESTUARY FROM THE SOUTH END CREW
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1900.
FAREWELL TO-NIGHT!
LAST CONCERT BT THE C.REAT FRIMA
DONNA SOPIIANO.
MME. EMMA NEVADA,
And Accomranyln^ Artists,
MR. LOUI9 BLUMENBERO, Cellist
MR BELDEX PRATT. Pianist.
AN ENTIRE NEW PROGRAMME.
Including Mme. X«\-ada'a Famous Rol<» of
••OPHELIA." living the «ntire fourth act of
"HAMLET."
6W Resened Seats at —...._..* .?><*
800 Reserved Peats at —•• 1.««»
4(X> Reserved Seats at -•• 1-"'*
JOO Reserved Seats at — Ol>
At Sherman. Clay A Co.'m Halt. NEXT MON'-
DAT NIGHT.
THE FIRST OF TTTT:
POPULAR FORTNIOHTLT CONCERTS.
HENRY HOLMES' QUARTETTE,
And MIPS CF.riL HARDT, Soloist.
ne-=en-ed Seats, 23c and
jpctldl %&$
At 25 Per Cent §^I^l
Reduction ffl
10 Days Only. r ** ' ' jSj^^
Remodeling V \
and Repalrlnfl. \ l "\
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
Fashionable C. li «-: ia - c .
Manufacturing nurnerb,
Fur Dyers and Fur Dressers,
121 Pest Street, Rooms 7 to 11.
Telephone Black 3743.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great S
BUSEUII OF ANATOMY?
Q£ lcn mzx; :r. let e^ira, treo. i
Cj^ The Lar^rst Amtomical Muieum in tbe \
— T*^*~hii. or'd. V* raiencj ; .es or Any contracted M
ISar SfJ d:i««s« p~<>ltivrl 7 cared hy tfi- oldeit T
#tSBal ipeci»li«cntheCo»it EsL36y;ar, Q
§ZsZb DR. JORDAN-P3IYATE DISEASES
fSSfSI to Kii!t»tion fr».« and strirtli pri.itt \
A A?StH T" llnent P" s< >"^l'y nr by Irttet. A 4
B fir SI B n*tne Cureta e«cty useendertakea. T
B I \\Bt w me for Bmk. PHILOKOPav rf 4
II 1^ ¦*««"*«»:. mailbd men. (.if
A fj< »aluable beat fcr cirnj \
HB. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
6
THE live-mile barge race between
the Alameda seniors and the rep
resentatives <>f the South End
Rowing Club touk place yesterday
on Oakland estuary :*nd resulted in
a victory for the Alamrdans in the
good time of '^" mm. 40 tw. The oarsmen
from San Francisco and their friends left
the city by the 10:l"> boat and were met
on the narrow-pane mole by the secre
tary arid others of the Alameda Boat
Club. The senior crew, however, were not
on hand, but came down later. The South
End m»n put on their rowing attire, with
broad alternate stripes of white and red,
ai;.d got i.Uo their four-oared barge, which
had been towed down the creek by a
launch. At 31:30 the crews were started
by J. T. Sullivan, the Alamedaa almost
Immediately paining a length. This ad
vantage they retained and increased grad
ually throughout the race. leading at one
time by half a. dozen lengths. This ad
vantage was somewhat reduced by the
bettor course steered by the South Er.d
cockswain, but at no time <lid less than
two lengths separate the boats. Over a
greater part of the course the Alamedaa
rowed forty strokes to the minute, while
the losers rowed thirty-five. Toward the
end of the long pull bow and No. 1' of the
ln=ing crew showed signs of distress, while
the winners were still keeping up a live-
ly stroke of forty or forty-one. Stroke
Scully of the Souih End crew did good
work all through the race and was well
backed up by James Pallas at No. 3, but
the South End crew lacked swing and did
not sit their boat so well as the winners.
The Alameda senior crew was made up
as follows: J. Lewis, bow; W. G. Hari
sen. No. 2; D. G. Greenleaf. No. 3; F. W.
Ayers. stroke; E. Ha risen, cockswain.
The South End four consisted of J. P.
Foley, bow: Dr. C. C. Dennis. No. 2;
James Pallas, No. 3; Ed Scully stroke;
Albert Sonnenl>cr.ur, cockswain. The offi
cials in charge of the race were J. R.
Bockman. president of the Pacific Asso
ciation, referee; J. T. Sullivan, Pioneer
Rowing Club, starter; A. P. Rothkopf,
Dolphin Boating Club; C, H. Smith, presi
dent of the Alameda Boating Club, and
William Thomas, captain of the South
End Boating Club, judges: H. W. Maass,
vice president of the Alameda Boating
Club, and A. H. Melletz of the South End
Rowing Club, timers. A committee con
sisting of \V. B. Hinchman. C. H. Smith.
J 11. Tlmmon?, F. S. Cone and E. M.
Hunter had charge of the reception of vis
itors at the Alameda boathouse. which
was crowded with members of the club
and their friends. The weather was fa
vorable for boat racing, the sky being
overcast and the water almost perfectly
smooth.
JOCKEY.
I 2d. !
|Unp
Thorp*
E. Jones
Burns •¦•¦
Bullman
Spencer
-:»
49
41
40
!Z i
I 56
40
28
8
48
41
34
13
29
82
115
&5
77
51
Vtttitoe
T. Walsh
J Ward
37
29
2*
I
26
40
15
I 112
33
j. nara ,
J. Martin
30
21
P')
iZ
Jenkins
Ruli
Songer
J. Walsh
i
23
IS !
I S
I 14
! 9
23
11
22
10
60
61
49
29
Henry
Ranch
Devin
Mounce
E- Rosa
Buchanan
13
13
10
V
8
<
24
14
IS
13
9
6
30
18
8
IS
11
16
127
62
40
35
87
31
i
Ooburn
« I
I «
I'helan
<"onley
C
5
:
,1
45
45
"
Htuart
Morgan
H. Shields
I'igcott
Postel
J.'l:!.S<in
X. Hill
Duffy
Bergen
Bozeman
Blair
Fauntleroy
Krawley
Glover
]!<¦•.:¦¦"¦ r\
5
4
3
3
8
3
I
t
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
7
16
6
3
6
7
3
6
8
11
1
1
i
i
. 3
5
9
3
1
6
1
2
4
59
57
17
17
29
39
31
20
32
15
6
30
12
14
Kellus
McCloskey
Macklin
Mills
i
0
7
I
0
2
g
0
10
11
24
3
J. Woods
liewinger
Klley
Morse
W. Narvaez
J'cwell
S. Turner
Joe Weber
J. C. Wilson...,
2
1
1
1
1
1
\
1
5
2
3
14
g
1
2
s
3
2
13
4
0
1
3
1
21
25
21
2S
31
30
18
-1
14
AB.
R. 1
en
i. SB.
. ro.
A.
E.
Broekhoff, J. f. ...
Collins, 2d b
B&rtlc. 3rJ b
Kgar. c
Russell, r. f
Majeo, c. f
Smith, s. f
Koogan, Ist 1). ...
I'errine, p
.... 4
.... 4
.... 3
.... 4
.... 4
.... 4
.... 4
.... 3
0
1
1
I
1
0
0
1
1
1
0
1
1
. 0
1
1
L 1
I 1
L 1
I 0
1 0 •
) 0
I 0
1 1
6
o
• 0
1
8
0
0
3
0
0
1
0
0
0
2
0
0
1
0
1
Totals
7
r 6
27
12
4
Ali.
K.
BH.
. SB.
PO.
A.
E.
(Tine. r. f
Kane. 1. f
Davis, 2d b
Thomas, s. 8
Shea, c
J. Shea, p
Lutgen, 3d b. ...
Toady, Ist b
Bulger, c. f; ....
5
5
5
4
4
3
4
4
4
1
1
0
1
1
1
0
1
1
4
2
1
1
1
0
0
0
3
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
4
2
1
1
7
0
0
0
1
4
3
0
1
1
1
0
0
1
2
2
1
0
1
0
Totals
38
7
12
24
11
7
A
I
9
.¦ash Bitters .
Bane hits ...
leesfmans ...
Base hits ...
.. 3
.. 2
.. 0
.. 1
1
3
1
1
1
1
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
1
1
1
0
3
4
2
1
0
2
•— i
'—'I
1— 1
I—l 2
AB.
R. 1
en
i. SB.
. ro.
A.
E.
Broekhoff, J. f. ...
Collins, 2d b
B&rtlc. 3rJ b
Kgar. c
Russell, r. f
Majeo, c. f
Smith, s. f
Koogan, Ist 1). ...
I'errine, p
.... 4
.... 4
.... 3
.... 4
.... 4
.... 4
.... 4
.... 3
0
1
1
I
1
0
0
1
1
1
0
1
1
. 0
1
1
L 1
I 1
L 1
I 0
1 0 •
) 0
I 0
1 1
6
o
• 0
1
8
0
0
3
0
0
1
0
0
0
2
0
0
1
0
1
Totals
7
r 6
27
12
4
Ali.
K.
BH.
. SB.
PO.
A.
E.
(Tine. r. f
Kane. 1. f
Davis, 2d b
Thomas, s. 8
Shea, c
J. Shea, p
Lutgen, 3d b. ...
Toady, Ist b
Bulger, c. f; ....
5
5
5
4
4
3
4
4
4
1
1
0
1
1
1
0
1
1
4
2
1
1
1
0
0
0
3
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
4
2
1
1
7
0
0
0
1
4
3
0
1
1
1
0
0
1
2
2
1
0
1
0
Totals
38
7
12
24
11
7
A
I
9
.¦ash Bitters .
Bane hits ...
leesfmans ...
Base hits ...
.. 3
.. 2
.. 0
.. 1
1
3
1
1
1
1
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
1
0
0
1
1
1
0
3
4
2
1
0
2
•— i
'—'I
1— 1
I—l 2
JOCKEY.
I 2d. !
|Unp
Thorp*
E. Jones
Burns •¦•¦
Bullman
Spencer
-:»
49
41
40
!Z i
I 56
40
28
8
48
41
34
13
29
82
115
&5
77
51
Vtttitoe
T. Walsh
J Ward
37
29
2*
I
26
40
15
I 112
33
j. nara ,
J. Martin
30
21
P')
iZ
Jenkins
Ruli
Songer
J. Walsh
i
23
IS !
I S
I 14
! 9
23
11
22
10
60
61
49
29
Henry
Ranch
Devin
Mounce
E- Rosa
Buchanan
13
13
10
V
8
<
24
14
IS
13
9
6
30
18
8
IS
11
16
127
62
40
35
87
31
i
Ooburn
« I
I «
I'helan
<"onley
C
5
:
,1
45
45
"
Htuart
Morgan
H. Shields
I'igcott
Postel
J.'l:!.S<in
X. Hill
Duffy
Bergen
Bozeman
Blair
Fauntleroy
Krawley
Glover
]!<¦•.:¦¦"¦ r\
5
4
3
3
8
3
I
t
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
7
16
6
3
6
7
3
6
8
11
1
1
i
i
. 3
5
9
3
1
6
1
2
4
59
57
17
17
29
39
31
20
32
15
6
30
12
14
Kellus
McCloskey
Macklin
Mills
i
0
7
I
0
2
g
0
10
11
24
3
J. Woods
liewinger
Klley
Morse
W. Narvaez
J'cwell
S. Turner
Joe Weber
J. C. Wilson...,
2
1
1
1
1
1
\
1
5
2
3
14
g
1
2
s
3
2
13
4
0
1
3
1
21
25
21
2S
31
30
18
-1
14THE BROOKLYN
SAI OON nifih-^ado
±Jr\l~*\S**Sl^» goods only.
GE9. fl. WEAVER, PROPRIETOR.
629 East 12th St., Near 13th Atq.
"THE BIRTH OF CHRIST."
Pastoral Opera Produced by Spanish -
American Amateurs.
A prand pastoral opera, with fine me
chanical effects and scenery, entitled
"The Birth of Christ." or "The LJght of
the World," was produced in a highly
creditable manner by capable amateurs
from the Spanish-American colony last
night at Techau Hall. The opera Is pro
duced annually at Christmas! ido in the
cities of Mexico, and was under the su
?ervislon cf the Mexican actor. Francisco
lerrera. The music was directed by Pro
fessor Vicente Quevedo. Misses Beatrtze
Quljada and Ilarlensla Andrade. v.-hllo
Alfredo Sorla managed the ballet dancing.
Tho opera is replete with tuneful alra
and choruses and the various parts wero
all well .suiig. Numerous tableau* and si
transformation scene were presented
With Hue effecti Between acts Miss ICdna
Adams sang the "Smoky Mokes" with a
Cakewalk that whs well rt-roived. The
opera concluded with tlic fantastic ballets,
"My R-i£UHi»> lS.iliy" ami "The Serpentine
Dunce" by Alfredo Sorla.
Following is the cast:
I.uzbel. Ilamon Garcia: Tcniaclon. Miss
Serattna Morgan; El Arcangel Miguel:
Miss Carlota Rodriguez; Ciilu. Miss Matil
de Quljada; Adan. Alberto Fltzpatrlck;
Eva; Miss May Adams; Don Guspar. I,a
zaro Paez; lues. Miss Seranna Morgan;
liato, Carmen F. Jimiriez; Anselmo, Al
fredo Sorla; Hras. Vicente Ve'.azco; Tu
rlno, F. Diaz: Silvio. J. Prado; Santa
Claus. A. Ortega: El "Oenlo Flor de Us,"
Miss Fannie Dannlels. Chorus— Sonorltas
Edna Adams, Manuela Contreras, Fannie
Dnnniels, Kllaa Dusenb»»rg, Margarita
Estrada. Enrlqueta Gonzalez. Irene Guili
anl. Isabel Navorrete. Catalina FadUla..
Matild« Quijada. Elena Rlncon. Carlota
Rodriguez. Antonla. Emilia and Carolina
Schnegula. Lulu Walker. Lulu Ugarte.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...FOR...
Nome, St.. Michael, Dawsoo
.../^rvD...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
moM fax ruxNcisco p s - "Portland". .Arm so. isoo
FltOM SEATTLE s - s - "-'DORA*' April 30. 19vO
! ,'ojj HAS FRANCISCO S - S "•KAINIER" May 10, 1900
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
n.Oa SAN FRANCISCO s s - " ST - PAUL," M»y 23th
A StcEiner Will Be Ohpaiched Ererj Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sitka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE - s - s - VBEnTHA/.' commencing April Sth
AND MONTHLT THEREAFTER.
For mv iMerr, rnapn and farther particular* as to Treljht and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY. SIC San«ora« «tr**t. San FrancJseo. Cal.
ret Seattle tajun^s a?p!> to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual Life Buildlnj, geattle.TVaeh.
City of Seattle Overdue.
EEATTLE. Jan. 22. — Great anxiety Is
manifested over the r.on-arrlval of the
steamer City of Seattle, now five days
overdue from Fkaguay. As she makes
the round trip frim here in eight or nine
days and h«s never before been late, it
;«= takrn that Fhe is in r^rl'jus trouble.
No word has been received concerning
her. Many rumors are af.oat here, but
:-:¦¦¦» all proved without foundation.
Corres to Receive His Dead
Major W. F. Tucker of the United States
pay department is rejr:st«»rf»d at the Cali
fornia Hotel. Major Tucker is the son-
Jn-!aw of the late General John A. Logan
acfl a brother-in-law of Major John A.
l>cgan Jr.. who was recently killed in
notion In the Philippines. The mission
That brinrs Major Tucker to this city U
to receive the body of his brother-in-law,
¦which i* now being pent home on the
transport Thomas, the same vessel which
Is conveying to the United States all that
Is mortaJ of the pallar.t Lawton.
Nevada's Farewell Programme.
Madame Kmma Nevada will give a
farewell concert at the California
Theater this evening at popular prices.
The programme, which is entirely new,
is as follows:
Pla.no polo, fa) "Nocturne, fto) "Sherzo"
• Chopin). Selden Pratt; "Caro Nome," from
"R'jroletto" (Wrdl). Mme. Kmma Nevada:
"Kol NHrel," Hebrew melody fby special re
quest). lx>uls Blumenberg; <a> "Truvouachka"
(by rtvjuest). (b) waltz from "Romeo and
Juliet" (Gounod). Mme. Emma Nevada; (a)
"Traumerei" (MacDnwell). (b) "Toccata"
(Psarr.hatl). Selden Pratt; (a) Spanish dance,
"IVAndatoufe" (D. Popper), <b) "At the Foun
tain" <<~K Pavfdoff). L*>u!s Blumenberg: fourth
a"t of "Hamlet,'" niad scene (Ambrose ThoiKis),
M.~f. Kmir.a Nevada.
Builders' Contracts.
Morris Corlnson (owner* with F. W. Kern
(contractor), architect H. Gellfuss— Excavating,
brf^k carpenter ar.d mill work, plastering, etc..
for" two-story frame building <2 flats) with
rough basement on N line of Green street. <D:«
E of Buchanan. E 2i:S by N ID: J^W.
H C. L,unt and O. L.. romings (owners) wltH
Fred Miller (contractor), plans by owners—
Lumber, labor, mill work, e'.asf and haniwar*
for i»'o frame buildings on SW corner of Oi:er
r»m and Sixteenth street?. S US:fl by W 7*:IOV»:
UNEXPECTED REBUFF
FOR GENERAL MERCIER
Beaten in an Election for President
of Old Students of the Ecole
Polytechnique.
PARIS, Jan. 21.— General Mercler re
ceived an unexpected rebuff yesterday
when the old students of the Ecole Poly
technique, which furnished a majority
of the artillery and engineer officers to
the army, met In the school theater to
elect a president.
Amid great excitement the ballot was
taken, the result showing only 200 for
Mercier against 100 for his adversary.
Uproar and n free fight followed. Gen
eral Mercler's partisans declaring that
the ballot had ben falsified. Tables and
chairs were overturned and General Bols
senet, who presided, was hustled. Event
ually order was restored and a recount
confirmed the defeat of Mercier.
SOUGHT TO HANG
HIS RIVAL IN LOVE
John Staezch Tries to Clear the Way
for Marriage to Another Man's
Wife.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21.— Because he loved
Bartholomew Pleta's wife, John Staezch,
a farmer, tried to-day to hang the man
who stood In his way. In the little cot
tage of his rival, out near Rose- Hill
Cemetery, the self-appointed executioner
partially carried out the murder. He
would have succeeded had not his victim
fought so for life that he escaped with
tho noose about his neck and the rope
dragging behind him.
While the hanging was not a complete
success, it may yet result in murder, for
the victim Is in a critical condition.
SOLDIER'S ESTIMATE
OF GENFRAL WHEELER
MIJNCIK. Ind. Jan. 21. --B. F. WhaJey.
an Indiana volunteer, writes from Pana
qui. I*. I-. making the following reference
to General Joseph Wheeler:
Ur>» could, a Bingle man In our ranks, be he
veteran or "rookie," make even a wry face
at their trials of war. when the Inspiring sight
of that venerable "cotton-headed" Southern
war horse and hero of, El Caney and San Juan,
General Joseph Wheeler, Is at the front of our
column, leadin" the way through the swamps,
across rivers and Into the dense jungles of this
island, and now and then dismounting from
his horse and blrtdluc some exhausted soliT.er
to pet Into the saddle, while he, taking the gun
of the private and sHnginK It over hln shoulder,
marched along with us, chatting with the men
about him In a gleeful, familiar way. causing
them to forget every sensation of hunger and
fatigue and to remember only they were the
defenders of the flag? ' •
May Gain Further Island.
LONDON, Jan. 22.— The Copenhagen
correspondent of the Dally News says: "I
hear that Denmark and the United States
are arranging that the Panlsh West
Indies shall enter a zollvereln with the
United States, which may be a . prelude
to the cession of the Islands to tho Amer
ican Government."
Castellane at New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— La Brstagne,
with Count and Countess Castellane, ar
rived at Quarantine this morning.
Railway Official Dies.
ST. LOL'IS. Jan. 21.— A. J. Van I^rd
lnghaxn. commissioner of the traffic bu
reau, died at his residence here to-ni/rnt
of heart disease. He had been In bad
health for several weeks, ever since hi.-*
return from a trip to Washington, where
he caught a severe cold. Mr. Van Land
lnsham has be»*n commissioner of the St.
Louis Traffic Bureau for several years.
coming here from Kansas City, where lie
held a similar position. He was well
known to railroad men all over the coun
try. He was formerly general freight
agent of the Kansas City. Fort Scott and
Memphis Railroad.
NORMAL SCHOOL REPORT.
Eeccmraendations Made at a Recent
Sleeting of the Board of Trustees.
At the quarterly meeting of the Trus
tees of the San Francisco State Normal
School. h*ld In the office of the secre
tary. H. G. \V. Dlr.kelfpell. Trustees W.
G. Jobson. M. Cocaey. F. J. Kirk and H.
G. W. Dlnlcelspefl were present. The re
port of the president of the Normal School
for the first half of the year was re
ceived arid filed. President Burk further
reported that a new clars had been ad
mitted on January S. and that the num
ber of pupiis in the model school was now
rapidly growing, as the advantages of
the school berajne known. Upon his rec
ommendation tuition fets for pupils in at
tendance In the model school were re
rrltted. and a resolution adopted that
hereafter any pupil cf the primary and
grammar school prades should receive In
struction at the Normal School model de
partment free of tuition.
i It was reported that the expenses of
the Normal School were being kept within
the limit of the appropriation by the clos
et economy, and that a saving o? about
3900 out of the present rear's approprla-
Jon would enable^ the school to m*>et the
idfiltlonal expenses of the second year.
jpon which a larger attendance would
! rake great fiemarids.
B' dr. r,:r.g with February 7, Professor
~. K. Brown wV.I give «. course cf lec
ures at the Normal Fchool each VCednes
£ay afternoon, at t:3O o^clcrk. upon the
'H:«tory of American Schouis." A cor
dial Invitation is extended to all teachers
p.nd any one else who may be interested.
ProfetJor Brown's course will be followed
later in the y ear bv< * course by Hrofes
tor Eli wood P. Cubberley upon a topic not
yet announced.
THE HEARST CONCERT COURSE.
BERKELEY. Jan. 21.— At the first of
the Hearst concerts, which took place at
Hearst Hall this afternoon, the Hervy
Holmes quartet appeared before a crowd
ed house and completely captivated It.
The audience seemed delighted with th*
canzonet movement In the first number,
which for delicacy of treatment surpassed
anything fver heard here before and al3o
with the gTanrt adasrlo In the Schumann
number, which was excellently handled
throughout. The sonata movement in the
third number was also noticeable. Tha
programme follows:
String quartet in X fiat. Op. 12 — Mendelssohn
Sprigs (a> Intermezzo Schumann
tb) "Auf Flugen dps Gesanses"
Schumann
(c) Old English Pittr-
Mr*. Charles Otcotj Richards
String quartet in A, No. 3 Schumann
Mr. Holmes was warmly congratulated
on the success of the entertainment. Af
ter the concert many of the audience
stayed to partake of the dainty refresh
ments served In the dining hn.H.
SAYS SHE IS
MRS, LUETGERT
Woman Held by the
Ohio Police.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AKRON, Ohio, Jan. 21.— The police have
In custody a woman they are convinced
and who they say acknowledges she Is
Lena Luetgert.who has been missing from
Chicago for two years and for whose al
leged murder her husband, Adolph Luet
gert. died in the Joliet penitentiary while
serving a life sentence. The police are
very reticent concerning the prisoner, and
refuse to allow her to be scon or to say
where the capture was made. The Chi
cago authorities have been notified, and
have asked that the woman be held till
officers and the Luetgert children can ar
rive to identify her.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21.— The police to-night
received a long message from the Sheriff
of Akron, Ohio, announcing the capture
and detention of a woman claiming to be
Mrs. Lena Luetgert. Captain Calleran
Immediately asked that the woman be
held pending the arrival of officers and
the friends of the missing woman. Cap
tain Calleran Is not very confident that
the woman held Is Mrs. Luetgert. but
says he will investigate In order that no
mistake may be made.
IN AN OCTOBER GALE OFF CAPE HORN.
THE British ship Matterhorn was one of the recent arrivals which suffered most severely during the heavy
weather off the Horn that played such havoc with the fleet bound to San Francisco. She was moved to Oak
land long wharf last Saturday and the work of getting her shipshape again Is going on rapidly.
The Matterhorn nearly succeeded in rounding Cape Horn on October 11. Had she succeeded all would have
been well. Instead she was driven back and for two weeks she was the prey of the elements. Her decks were con
stantly flooded, the hatch covers were torn off. the oil and lamp lockers were carried away, the poop staircase was
smashed into kindling wood, doors of the deck houses were stove In, cabins flooded, forecastle gutted, side- ports
wrenched from their hinges and three lower topsails were blown away. The" Matterhorn will be overhauled and ready
for sea as soon as her cargo Is out.
CHILD ASSAULTED BY
AN INSANE JAPANESE
OAKLAND, Jan. 21.— Mabel Cahlll. a U
year-old girl residing at ooO l^ Seventh
street, sustained a serious injury to her
spine this evening through an assault
committed by a crazy Jap who infests the
lower end of Oakland. The child was rid
ing along the sidewalk on Seventh street.
near Clay, when the Jap. who was nass
ing her, suddenly put his arms around
the neck of the child and atempted to kUa
her.
When she restated her assailant vicious
ly pulled her from the tricycle and threw
her to the sidewalk, after which he ran
away. The little girl was taken to tha
Receiving Hospital, where she was at
tended by Dr. Milton.
"She la badly hurt at the has<» of the
spine." said the physician, "but I cannot
yet tell whether the injury will be per
manent."
The police are looking for the Jap.
When caught he will probably be charsad
with Insanity.
JEALOUS WOMAN
TRIES HARD TO
END HER LIFE
Mrs. Deppe Failed and
Landed in Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
?0S Broadway, Jan. 21.
Mrs. Eugenia Deppe of Frultvale mads
a desperate though futile attempt to com
mit suicide this afternoon and landed in
the County Jail on a charge of dlsturblns
the peace.
Mrs. Deppe is over 50 years of a£». and
her desire to end her life was prompted
by Jealousy. She declares that her hus
band. Henry Deppe, who is twenty-five
years her Junior, has been casting long
ing eyes upon feminine beauty of more
tender years. It wa*. moreover, on com
plaint of her husband that sha waa ar
rested and lodged in Jail.
About a week ago Mrs. Deppe set out
to drown her sorrow and Jealousy In lib
eral potations of strong drink. For this
the husband reproached her. but she insist
ed that there was an aching void in her
heaft that only the flowing bowl coul<l
till. Matters came to a climax this after
noun, when Mrs. Deppe created a great
furor at her home In Frultvale. declar
ing that her husband had not shown her
the consideration due a dutiful wife,
threatening to exterminate him and end
her own misery- Finally she lifted a bot
tle of ether to her lips and quaffed ftg
contents. Then rushing to the> kitchen
she secured a large bottle of turp«ntina
and began pourin? this duwn her throat.
Mr. Deppe Quickly hitched u-p liis horse
and wasron, an<! summoning 1 Deputy Sher
iff Quinlan requested the officer to hurry
to the Receiving Hospital with the would
be suicide. In East Oakland Deppe's
wagon broke down, and the officer an<i
his charge completed the journey by the
electric car. At the Receiving Hospital
Mrs. Deppe was soon relieved, when her
husband a.*ked that she be placed In tho
County Jail for disturbing the peace.
Mrs. Deppe admits that her troubles
and peculiar actions were all due to
her jealousy. She declares that when shf»
married her young husband she was
¦wealthy, but that he has spent a goodly
portion of her riches, leaving her practi
cally dependent upon him.
Beverley Duer Dead.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— Beverley Chew
Duer. cashier- of the Bank of the State
of New York and formerly of San Fran
cisco, Is dead, aged 60 years.
Tried to Run the Saloon.
John Owens, who resides at 28 Valley
street, while doing the Mission yesterday
afternoon, entered Schneider's saloon at
Twenty-ninth and Mission streets and
undertook to run the place. Schneider ob
jected, and as a result there was a row,
in which Owens came out the worse for
the fray. He was carted ofT to the City
and County Hospital for repairs. A lac
erated wound over the right eyebrow
bore evidence of the force of Schneider's
objections. In addition to this Owens was
charged with being drunk and ¦ disturb
ing the peace and quiet of the warm belt.
NORMAL SCHOOL DEFEATED.
Opening of the Basket-Ball Season at
Palo Alto.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 21.—
The first basket-ball game of the season
was played on the Roble gymnasium
grounds yesterday afternoon between the
girls of the Palo Alto High School and
the San Jose Normal. Throughout the
contest the High School girls had the
better of it. winning by a score of 12 to 0.
The teams lined up as follows:
Normals. Positions. High School
Edith Mcßaln (Capt.).-R F Mabel Ray
Florence Cunningham.. L.. F Mary Downing
Nellie Patterson CMnttle Downing(C)
Grace Horn R. B Georgle Pitman
Estrlle Babcock I*. B Gertrude Horn
Umpires— Winifred Morgan, Martha Beckett
npferee— Yrene Pitcher. Scorer— Jessie Down
ing.
TOLD A THRILLING
NARRATIVE OF SIN
Young Men Listen to Mrs. Edhohn's
Discourse.
OAKLAND, Jan. 21.— Mrs. Charlotte
Edholm, the well-known rescue mission
worker of New York and Chicago, lec
tured before a large audience of men at
the Y. M. C. A. Hall this afternoon. She
took fcr her subject the life work which
she had selected and vividly described the
hard life which fallen women were com
pelled to live and the cunning machina
tions of the totally depraved people who
inveigled them into such an existence.
"There are 300,0)0 of these poor
abandoned females In our country," she
said, "and one-half of them are from
Christian homes or Sunday-schools.
Three-fourths of them are from the coun
try, fresh and pure in their innocence.
They have been enticed Into haunts of
shame through the trickery and wiles of
parties engaged in the traffic in girls.
Their average life is only five years. Over
60.U00 girls are snared every year, an aver
age of one every eight minutes.
••The traffic in drink and opium and ac
cursed cigarettes causes this wholesale
traffic in girls. Stop the sale of the nrst
three and you will soon stop the barter
ing in females. 1 have talked to hundreds
of these poor benighted beinga, procurers,
newspaper men and police. »u«y also say
that the country is infested by organized
bands of fiends, who induce young girls
to enter upon a life of shame.
"Little children are enticed into immor
ality by them and the average age of the
females in these dens of shame is only
15 years. Every conceivable scheme la
used to trap them. Drugs are brought
into requisition and frequently mock mar
riages are performed. Then when a girl
is landed in one of these immoral houses
she is often kept a prisoner behind locked
doors and barricaded windows."
Mrs. Edholm Implored her hearers In
fervent language to aid in the work uf
rescuing these poor creatures. She ap
pealed to their Christianity and to their
humanity. A large number volunteered
to lend their support in every possible
way. It is the intention to establish
homes in San Francisco and Oakland for
women who are rescued as soon as the
necessary organization Is completed and
funds can bo ruised for that purpose. Co
operative homes, where living is furnish
ed at cost to self-respecting, self-support
ing, small-salaried young women, who,
because of slender Incomes, cannot other
wise provide safe and comfortable homes
for themselves. One such institution has
already been established in San Francisco.
It is located at 645 Folsom street and Is al
ready in a prosperous condition.
ENDEAVORERS TO ASSEMBLE
Alameda County C. E. Union Ar
* ranges for Eleventh Annual
Convention.
OAKLAND. Jan. 21.— 1t. is estimated
that the attendance at tha eleventh an
nual convention, of the Alameda County
Christian Endeavor Union to be held at
the First Presbyterian Church Friday.
February 9. will be iWO. "Endeavor Char
acter" will be the topic of discussion. The
opening devotional service will be led by
L>r. J. H. Durham of Newark. During the
afternoon reports of officers will be re
ceived; Rev. Stephen R. Wood of Plym
outh avenue Congregational Church will
discuss "Kainproof Endeavor"; Miss Ber
tha Marvin will read a paper on "Tags";
"A Christian Endeavor Museum." by C.
F. Baker: open parliament, led by Frank
A. Leach Jr.; basket lunch ut 6 .p. ra.,
William Nat Friend acting as toaatmas
ter.
The evening programme will be
Sone service conduced by Fred H. Clark;
devotional service. Rev. Arthur Hicks of Uver
muie Presbyterian Church; Installation uf of fl
eers by Stale Fr«>sld»nt J. A. Wiles; ofTertorj
solo. Clement Rowlands; a.ldrps!«. Rfv. Ihoimj
Baldwin or the First Haitist Church of Ala
meda: hymn; address. "Power of Christian
Chracter." Rev. S. D. Hutsinrlller of th* Cen
tral Metho<ii»t Episcopal Church of San Fran
cisco: Drayer. Rev. J. C. Wooten of the Ash
bury Methodist Episcopal Church (southj;
hymn: Mlzrah benediction. <
The officers-elect of the union are: Pres
ident. Dr. O. S. Dean; vice president. A.
R. Waters; recording secretary, Hattle L.
Bromley; corresponding secretary, Sadie
A. Smith: treasurer. Frank A. Leach Jr.;
Junior superintendent, Elizabeth D. Ar
nold.
Street-Car Men Strike.
TROT. N. V.. Jan. 22.— La. Bretagne.
cars In Troy were tied up to-day as a re
sult of the strike of Z65 motormen and
conductors, who demand 20 cents an
hour and a ten-hour day.
"IN PARADISE" IS
HILARIOUSLY FUNNY
"Whew! "In Paradise" Is a corker!
The Frawleys enlivened the Interior of
the California Theater last night with a
hurricane of hilarity. "In Paradise,"
perpetrated by Hennequln. Billhaud and
Carre, is a farce as French as absinthe
and as genuinely humorous as the spec
tacle of a kitten chasing its tall. Th*
combined roguery of the three authors
has produced three acts of wildly ex
travagant comedy that will jiggle laugh
ter out of any one. They are not over
particular morally or artistically how
they do it. but one forgets art and does
not think of morals when being amused
in the mad, whirling way that "In Para
dise" amuses. Neither Is art nor mor
als seriously endangered by such frank
fun as this. The critic must not always
carry a fixed bayonet and the novelist
who doesn't know his place should be
ordered off the grounds. French farces
are too often ruined in adaptation.
When they are warped to fit our cis-
Atlantlc ideas of propriety they lose their
excuse for being and become hopelessly
pilly. "In Paradise" has not been sub
jected to this shearing process, and It i.s
given to us in all the glory of its Parisian
naughtiness. It is not objectionable be
cause it is clever; there Is more wit in
the lines than in the generality of such
plays, and the situations are s"o humor
ously devised that you overlook every
thing but the fact that something is
making you merry. There is In tho sec
ond act of "In Paradise" a moment of
uproariousness that sweeps the theater
with gales of laughter, and time and
time again the mirth is so uncontrolled as
to render the actors Inaudible. I say that
one overlooks all but one's merriment
and this is true I am sure with all those
who do not have to consider the merits
of the people on the stage.
They may be passed over In this cas«
with general praise, for with one excep
tion they are adequate to the require
ments. It Is what they do. rather than
how they do it, that is Important, and if
there be no such shining examples or
clever characterization as we are accus
tomed to from native interpreters of
French humor yet Mr. Armory, Mr Ham
ilton and Mr. Shaw do not fall short of
prescribed standards. Francis Byrne Is
sadly unfitted for his part, however I
think It woyld be better taken even' by
Mr. Frawley himself. *
PORTER GARNETT.
Mile. Trebelli's First Concert.
Mile. Antoinette Trebelli will give the
first of her series of three concert recitals
at Sherman & Clay Hall this evening.
The following programme will be pre
sented:
"O Virgin Mother," Specter'H Bride (Dvorak);
prayer; "Balatella," "I PaKliacci" (Leonca
\-alIo>: "Pena d'Amore" (Mascauni); "Ia Tua
Stella" (Maseagni); "Carnival of Venice."
Re.me Topaze. air an 4 variations (V. Masse);
"Away, Away" (A. I^eef; "Cherry Ripe" (C.
E. Horn); "Jty Mother Bids Me Bind My
Hair" (Haydn); 'Tensee fl'Autnmne" (Masse
net); '•Serenade" (Demb^rg); 41 Sl J"Ktas Jar
dlnier" (Chaminade); ""Spring 1 ," song (Tostl).
Sunday at the Park.
The park and beach were practically de
serted yesterday. The musical programme
was continued and the chill air made
pleasure almost an impossibility. At the
Chutes a fair crowd gathered. , The first
twelve rounds of tho Jeffrie's-Sharkey
tight were shown on the biograph, and
when the last film had swished past the
projecting light Emil Markeberg conclud
ed the performance by making a balloon
ascension. He landed without accident on
the roof of a dwelling near the Chutes
and his balloon was picked up in the park
half a mile away. Following are the re
sults of the contests at Sutro Baths:
W-yard race— F. Ralston, first; H.
Loieken, second. 100-yard race— ll. Leick
eti. first: p. Carroll, second. Tub race —
D. Sullivan, first; W. Fleming, second.
High dive. lot boys— J. O'Brien, first; E.
Sullivan, second. Spring hoanl— F. Ral
ston, first; H. Leicken. second. Under
water swimming— J. H. Jackson, first; F.
Finman, second .
WORRIED OVER A NAME
ON A HOTEL REGISTER
LOUNGERS IN THE CORRIDORS
CRITICIZE A SIGNATURE.
The question which is agitating th«
loungers in the corridors of the Palace
Hotel is whether or not pre-emption ol a
name gives the pre-emptor a legal right
to assume it after a certain time has
elapsed without her right having been
challenged.
This is a rather momentous question,
and one involving more than Is usually
attached to the liipcuspions- that one hears
around a hotel desk. It has had Its origin
In a name that has recently appeared on
the hotel register, put there by one
whom the courts of this State have de
clared has no right to it — one to whom
others of the same name have offered
many thousands of dollars if she would
but "forego the enjoyment of dragging it
through the legal mire of a wtil con
test.
The name on the register is "Mr?. N. C.
Fair," and the woman who put It there
is Mrs. Nettie Craven of legal memory.
Mr:». Craven returned to this city a. few
days ago to be present at the opening of
the Fatr will contest, which again ap
pears on the calendar for Wednesday
next. She is accompanied by her daugh
ter Mrs. Koehier. formerly of the Co
lumbia, whom she hajj been visiting In
St. Louie.
Mrs. Koeli'.er signs herself Mrs. Koeh
ler. and the loungers find nothing to com
plain of. She has a right to tlie name,
and It goes. But with her mother it is
different. Mrs. Craven has never been
able to establish her right to the cog
nomen of the dead millionaire; In fact
the attempt she made to show that she
was the spouse of the departed Senator
failed most signally.
This fact seems to worry her but little.
She uses the name just the same and
with a freedom and abandon that would
make it appear she had been accustomed
to it for many a long year. It -goes on all
her orders, it is to be found at the bot
tom of every epi3tle she writes and it is
used when she is addressed by her Inti
mates. And all this notwithstanding the
lesson she received when her attorneys
were forced to erase It from the office
door in the Parrott building.
This is what worries the loungers In
the corridors of the big hostlery. Most
of them are moneyed men and theysulver
whenever they consider the possibilities
that may be' ln store for them when nu
merous ladies of their acquaintance get
on to the way the Fair name Is handed
out If this is done for a mere baga
telle of $40,000,000 what will happen to
them with their hoard of wealth? It 13
too much. They protest. Their names,
for the most part, are anything but fair,
but that makes no difference. They are
worried over the visions of future trouble
that the signature on the reeister has
conjured up before their fevered Imagina
tions and they wish to have the matter
sifted to tho bottom.
DEMOCRACY IS
BECOMING MORE
NEARLY PERFECT
So Says Dr. Jordan of
Stanford.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
90S Broadway, Jan. 21.
Dr. David Starr Jordan of Stanford Uni
versity spoke on "American Democracy"
to the socialists of Oakland at Grand
Army Hall to-night. Tl - speaker and his
auditors were evidently In hearty accord
with each other. Fully one-third of those
present were women.
"The United States is a great nation
and is rapidly forging to the forefront of
civilization," said the speaker. "However,
we must progress In a peaceful way, and
not by violent revolutionary methods. It
has taken a long time to attain the pres
ent excellent status which this country
now possesses as a nation, and it will
undoubtedly take another long period be
fore we attain that perfection where all
men will be treated with exact justice.
Education will be the means by which
that will be accomplished, and education
is making rapid strides.
"In the fore part of this or In the last
century— that is, shortly after the Revo
lutionary war — many or the old farmers
of Connecticut decried the prevalence cf
the little red echoolhouaes in their com
munities. They thought the institutions of
learning were bad and taught equality
and sedition. Laborers, they asserted,
should be kept In Ignorance and compelled
to labor for a daily wage of a sheep'a
head and liver, while the wealthy farm
ers lived In luxury oft the hard work of
their hirelings. The schoolhouses re
mained, however, and sedition did not be
come rampant. A forward movement end
vast improvements have been the resu!*.
"Notwithstanding the good that learn
ing has done, there are people even to
day who denounce the higher education
of the masses, and say that If it con
tinues there will soon be nobody to do
the hard manual labor of the country.
We need have no fear, and the people
cannot get too much learning."
Dr. Jordan made no direct allusion to
the war In the. Philippines or the question
of expansion. Nor aid he say anything
about the Justice of the trouble raging
in South Africa. He alluded to both in an
indirect way, however, intimating that
England and the United States were both
In the wrong.
"I hate to see blood shed on the battle
field." he remarked, "and I think the
time Is not far distant when such things
will no longer occur. Whether England
Is right or whether Oom Paul and his
people fall to use soap and water are
questions which I do not Intend to dis
cuss. I will say, however, that one na
tion cannot govern another by force of
arms and do so long. Nor have they the
right to do so. Senator Hoar has been
called a traitor because he allowed his
conscience to control his patriotism. Some
day we will all do the same, and justice
will prevail.
"Our Government Is not perfect, but It
Is our own fault. We sometimes have
drunken Consuls, and most of our offi
cial:* exiuld be beaten for competency by
going to the Intelligence offices for our
supply. That Is our fault. No country is
governed in a bettor manner than the
people demand. Some day wp will get
tired of poor government, and will go to
the polls and remedy !t. That is the
way. We have the cure for bad govern
ment in our own hands, and violent
measures are not necessary."
Dr. Jordan predicted that we would
eventually have a perfect democracy.
He was frequently applauded during his
remarks. Several ouestions were asked by
different people afterward, and were ail
answered with apparent satisfaction.
OVER A DOZEN
COAL CARRIERS
HAVE MADE PORT
Fuel Should Now Be
Plentiful Again.
PILOTS ARE KEPT VERY BUSY
»
THE OVERDUE PASS OP KIL
LIECKANXIE ARBIVES.
City of Puebla and Pomona to Get
New Boilers on the Sound — Gov
ernment Kay Purchase
Yacht El Primero.
Another fleet of deep-water ships made
port yesterday, and there will now be a
lull in the list of arrivals for a week or
ten days. With the exception of a few
vessels that have met with accidents,
two or three that are considered overdue
and one that is coming here via the Cape
of Good Hope, all of the looked-for ships
have arrived. The A. G. Ropes from New
York, Samoena from Antwerp and Crom- -
dale from Liverpool may be expected to ,
put In an appearance at any time. Their
arrival will put an end to the rush, and
the rilctJs will have a rest for a few i
days.
Among the fleet that got In yesterday
was the Clan Graham 74 days, Celtic
Monarch 64 days and Arts-tides SO days
from Newcastle, Australia; Inverlochy I
H'J days, inverlyon 14J days and Pass of
Kiiliecrankie 100 days trom Swansea;
Ralasure IZJ days from Antwerp and St.
Francis 146 days from Philadelphia. Be
sides these a rleet of coal-ia.den coasters
made port during the day. The Pass of
Kiiiiecrankie was classed among the
overvlutH, and S per cent was paid by the
underwriters to reinsure vessel and cargo.
The St. Francis is the first of the new
fleet purchased by the California Ship
ping Company fr<un Flint &¦ Co. She is
a tine vessel of 1757 ton;- net burden, and
after discharging here will go to Hono
lulu to load sugar for New York. She
was delayed by iight and variable winds.
Her cargo is composed principally of pig
iron, canned goods, okum. paint, creosote,
oil, caustic soda and copper.
During the past three days fourteen
coal-la.den vessels h^ve made port. They
bring in all about 40,0 m) tons of the blacK
diamonds. Uf this quantity 15,000 tons
came from the Sound on the steamers
Willamette, Wellington and Washtenaw
and ships C. F. Sargeant, Highland
Light, Spartan and Gatherer. The re
mainder of the coal came on the General
Gordon, Inverlyon. Pass of Kiiliecrankie,
Celtic Monarch, Aristides, Inverlochy and
Clan Graham from Swansea and New
castle, Australia. All the vessels had un- j
eventful passages. The Celtic Monarch,
which made the best run of the fleet, wa.s
becalmed for two weeks off the coast of
New Zealand. All the other captains re- |
port light and variable winds.
The quarantine officer was over two
hours inspecting the Inverlochy. There
had been two death? during the voyage.
and three of the crew were sick. The
ship's log- showed that on December IS
H. A. Watson, an able seaman, had died
of palsy, and on January IS Alfred
Bowon had died of dropsy. Dr. Kerr de
cided that the sick men had an attack of ;
scurvy, so he allowed the vessel to entei. I
On the Aristides the captain reported I
one hurricane, in which one of t lie life
boats was smashed. On December 14 the
vessel was hove to off Pucalrn Island.
The natives came off In a whaleboat and
gave the crew a bountiful feupply of fruit
and vegetables. Everybody was v.ell on
Pit calm.
It is said that Timothy Hopkins' steam
yacht El Primero is to be purchased by
tlie Government aj> a. tender for the i
transport fleet. The yacht would be all j
right for carrying mail and passengers
to and from the vospels arriving and de
parting for Manila, but when it came to
moving or docking one of the big: steam
ers the Ei Primero would be useless. The
El Primero was built by the Union Iron
Works for Mr. Hopkins several years ago,
but t-lnce she was launched she has not
been six months all told in commission.
She is fast, but in order to obtain speed
her hull was built of very light material, j
and In consequence she is as tender as a
torpedo-boat. Should the Government j
purchase the EI Primero Mr. Hopkins will
nave a larger and more commodious
sieamer built.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
Is getting its f.eet In order for the sum
mer travel. The Pomona is to be with
drawn from the Kureka run and will go
\r> St-attle to have new boilers put in. '
The City of Puebla will also co north for
new boilers, ami the Santa Rosa will be
withdrawn from the southern routo afte^
her next trip and will be overhauled here.
The fact that the Pomona and City of
Puebla are going to Seattle for new boil
ers gave rise to the rumor that all the
repair work on the Pacific Coast Com
pany's steamers was going to be done
on the Sound after this. The fact Is that
tenders for the n»w boilers for the two
steamers were called for and a Seattle
firm, being the lowest bidder, got the con
tract. All the repair work on the Santa
Rosa will be done here.
Dan Higclns was taken to the Harbor
Hospital yesterday morning suffering
from two knife wounds In the breast. He
was drinking with a companion In a
saloon on Kearny street, near Clay, when
They quarreled. Hlgjrins <1M not know
for several minute* that he was stabbed,
and then he made for the hospital. Dr.
Thorn©- dressed his wounds ana put h'rn
to bed. Later he was removed to the
«*ity and County Hospital. Higplns re
fused to give the name of the man who
stabbed him.
The many arrivals during the past
twenty-four hours has made navisation
very (iancerous between Meigßs Wharf
and Alcatraz. Over twenty vessels are
anchored there, and some of them wilf
have to be moved to-day or else there will
be a collision.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1900.
NEW OFFICERS
INSTALLED WITH
MUCH CEREMONY
Important Session of
the Sodality.
— ? —
MEMBERSHIP IS INCREASING
«
BEY. FATHER HICKEY ADMIN
ISTERS THE OATH.
Special Addresses and Music Marked
the Ceremonies — History of
the Gentlemen's
Society.
The ar.r.ual installation of officers of th«
Ger.t'emen's Sodality «a? held yesterday
rr.orr.lng In Sodality Chapel, beneath St.
Ignatius Church. The occasion was one
ir.arUcd with much ceremony. Many of
the friends of the members were Invited,
and imediately after first pcspel Rev. J.
P. Illckey, S. j.. Invested the newly elect
ed cfScers with the Insignia of their of
fice, and in a happy address congratulated
the sodality on Its Increase in members
ts well as the good work it was doing and
the good example it wrs showing the
community. He urged the members to
persevere to the end, when their work
would be rewarded by entering the king
dom of heaven. The following are tho
officers who were Installed:
Prefect. James R. Kelly; fir*t »ss!?tast. J.
E. Fltzpatrlek: second assistant, John Coulson;
r*ci*tary, M. J. Per*; assistant secretary. C.
X McAcUfle; treasurer J. H. Dirr.ar. ; librar
ian. S. S. Welbank; roll prefect, D. C. B. llc-
Carthy; sruard rrcl^ationpr, Thorn? Elston; as
ristast guard, James Power*: organist, C. It.
Ktrer; marshal, Lawrer.ce 'tt'alsh; assistant
ir.arstAl. M. Canick; vestry prefect. W. W.
Hancock: «::iar cuard. Sw division. M. H.
K-:!y; Junior guard, first division. F. C. Cleary;
senior cuard. second division, I>r. J. J. Cun
nroEkain; Junlcr guard, second division. James
Crazer: eeclcr guard, third division, J. D.
Campbell; Junior cuard, third division, R. O.
DriacoU; etnlor ruard. fourth division. D. J.
Cestelto; junior cuaxd, fourth division. E. O.
Hanlon; senior suard. fifth divi-ion, J. 11. Mc-
GJaaey; junior *ruard, fifth division, P. Caa-
Mtrly; senior puird. s.xth division, J. E. Lavto-
Kt:e; Junior ruard. sixth division. J. J. Rellly;
KceJstaat ÜbrarUna. J. Chariand. H. Byrnes.
T. Fi.eehan, T. Lydcn. Joseph Grennon; assist
ant roll prefects. Francis J. Kaft, L. J. Ken
rioslle. E. J. Murphy. Alfred Lavio!ette. Louis
Ilealey; stssisttnt marfhals, Jerem:nh Looacy.
>!lch£.el Warren: assistant vestry prefects, j.
Xiayoes, H. ilcMacus. J. McManus. I>. Oarnp-
standard bearers, James F. Kehoe. John
Fahy, Jean K_ Vevado; choir members Thon.as
Panrinl. George Wood. T. J. O'Brien. Gea:*«
Oooaolly. Robert F. Hay, H. A. Byrnes. K. J.
f-omerß, J. L. Jar.cw.. It. Lor.E-ebaugJ; Thomas
V. i.iz, Oorge R:c*, T. J. Waish. J. Haulaway.
J. F. Gallagher, J. M. J. Phe!an, R. J. Wright,
Jcse^h Lawless, John Byrne*.
The Sodality of the Blessed Virgin Man
nas founded about three hundred ye,irs
n.f.""> by the Jeeult order for the banding
together of Christians to !»ad juire lives
by living Ju harmony Tvith their neigh
bors as well as partaking of the
facrament* regularly. A branch was
formed !n this city forty years
ago by the. Jesuit fathers, and
ci nee then st* members hJp has in
creased steadily, until now it numbers
nearly eight nundred. Its members are
Croa all walks la Kfe and from all parts
cf the city. They have a large chapel of
their cwn In which there is a fac-simile
Grotto of Lourd*»g. Here many of the
faithful of San Francisco make' novenas.
Tt»j have reading rooms, and their li
brary of 15,000 voiumf-s consists of the
choicest of works. It Is open to members
of the sodality. Outsiders can become
wrnbers at the nominal cost of 23 cents
cl month.
i cocoa t^^^^i
g does not improve \ I h
y tratsd Dutch and othsr I\3^»B
n European cocons. But be It Mil
[3 inj mads HERE, it is fresh- HSI H
n cr, and th?re:ore stronger «r" S
X Costs on y 6c; a ib. Yo-jr lr'Jf3
M grcerhas it— or wiP zct ir. 8m X
i| Mids by tha D. Gurar- V^M
7EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A GERMAN house girl, good cook, best refer-
ences; a Swedish second girl, good waitress
and seamstress; a Swedish first-class cook,
with 3 years' references; a German middle-
aged woman, good cook and houseworker; a
strong Swedish woman wishes work by the
day. Ad. or tel. MRS. NORTON. 013 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires posl-
tion; « years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
AT MRS. LAMHER'Fs. 41S Powell st., teT
Main 5332. German, Danish nntl Irish young
second girls await positions.
A FIRST-CLASS German or English cook
wishes situation In hotel, lunch or private
family; city references. Address L.. 602 How-
ard st.
YOUNG German woman wants situation for
general housework and cooking: is good seam-
Ftress: can do any kind of work; sleep home.
Call 522 Howard St.. upstairs.
ALL-AROUND cook and help: can take chef's
place or full charge of kitchen: English,
French ar.d German cook; first-class pastry;
first-class hotel references. 242 Natoma st.
GERMAN girl wants situation as cook; either
German, French or American Btyle; first
class. 1022 Larkln st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants situation; second
work and waiting; city; references. 1022
Polk st.
GERMAN woman wants light housework and
f-ewing. Call or address 75 Third st. •
YOUNG slrl wants position to do second work
in private family. Box 1013, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nuree (Swiss) wishes
position In fine family. Ad. H. G.. 376 Geary.
COMPETENT woman with a boy 3 years old
as working housekeeper; city or country.
Call or address J. G., 1725 Devlsadero st.
WANTED — By a first-class woman a place to
do ge-neral housework In small family; no ob-
jection to a short distance In the country
445 First street.
SEAMSTRESS wishes place to do upstair*
work and sewing or care for children and
sew. Seamstress. 419 O'Farrell, flat 4.
YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier even-
_ln_s; experience; references. Box 1043, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes position in small family:
cannot do hard work: prefers taking care of
children or attending oIU lady; good home;
small waces. Call or write 302 Turk at.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes work by the
day; washing and Ironing; window cleaning
or store and offlce cleaning; references. 1101
Rhode Island St., cor. Humboldt.
EXPERIENCED girl wishes second work,
waiting, chamberwork or sewing; reference.
1618 Pacific aye., from 10 to 12, 2 to 5.
COMPETENT person wants place as cook; will-
ing to assist or general work In small family;
wages $25 to $30. Apply Monday, 103 Van Ness.
WANTED— Situation as working housekeeper
by middle-aged woman; country only; no post-
HRLP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Machine blacksmith. $4 to~Ss~_ day":
2 milkers and choremen, $25; choreman for
ranch. $13: pruner, $1 day; cooks, waiters.
dishwashers and others. J. P, CROSETT &
CO.. 62S SiR-ramento st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5J43
leading employment and labor agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
GOLD MINERS PILEDRIVERS
4 miners, large gold mining company $75
plledrlvers, large company
5 2-hcrse teamsters, $1 fare $175 day
6 4-horse teamsters, $1 fare $2 day
experienced vineyard foreman
farmers and wives. .stablemen, city or country
Iron molder blacksmith helper :
6 more tie swampers $30 and found
25 prunen", orchard and vineyard. .$26 found
ranch teamHters and farm hands.. s2o to $26
....TO THE TIE AND WOOD CAMPS
we want tiemakers and woodchoppers for all
parts of California; many places tool 3 and
provisions furnished.
woodchoppers, 4 ft. and stove wood. $1, $1 25,
$1 80. $2 £.0 and $3 cord; redwocd tiemakers.
10 to 13c each.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GERMAN boy for grocery store and drive
wagon, $7 week: waiters, city and country.
$30 and $23: cooks. $30. $33 and $40: second
and third cooks. $11 week and $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LABORERS for sawmills and woods; no ex-
perience required; for ten willing laboring
men. $20 to $40 and found.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & Co 104 Geary st!
Teamsters and laborers for the coast road,
free fare; 2 single-hand miners, $2 50 a day:
hoisting engineer for a mine, $2 50 a day; 20
wood-choppers. SOc to $1 40 a cord. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
100 COAL miners for New Mexico; special rates
of fare. For full particulars see C. U. HAN-
SEN _ CO-. 104 Geary Ft.
A MAN and wife as cook and assist In gen-
eral. $30: see party here at 1 o'clock. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
BARBER'S Protective Union — The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
• Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 15:.
WANTED— SOO hustlers dally to walk on velvet;
the Red Boot Shoe Shop, 6G2 Mission St., near
Third; will put them on In a few minutes
for 45c only; also second-hand shoes from 25c
to $1 25.
GRINDER— One thoroughly posted In fixing
barbers' tools: steady job; wages $20 per
week. 630 Market st., down stairs.
BOY, experienced in type-setting and press
work, wanted at Hayes Valley Printing and
Stationery Co., 310 Hayes st.
BLACKSMITH for repairing; 3 laborers. Four-
teenth aye. and N st. South; Kentucky-st.
cars.
INDUSTRIAL Insurance solicitor and collector
wanted. Apply 12:30 to 1 p. m., W. H. CHAP-
MAN, 511 Montgomery.
BARBERSHOP. 15c. for sale cheap for cash
or partly cash: best reason for selling. In-
quire at"STOL%. G3O Market st.
BARBER; first class; steady. 1207 Scott st.
COOK wanted. Rosemont Restaurant, 506 How-
ard st. • <¦
WANTED— Boy about 17 to work In bakery
and deliver bread. 1515 Devlsadero st. •.; ,
OPERATOR wanted on custom coats; also er-
rand boy. 304 Tehama st.
THREE laborers, 1 blacksmith on repairing;.
Fourteenth aye. and N st. South.
SEAMEN and green hands to-day. 327 Pacific
street. *
GOOD waiter wanted. Hayes Valley Restau-
rant, 472 Hayes st.
BARBER wanted. 222 Montgomery aye.
BARBERS— 2-cha!r shop for sale cheap; good
location. 320 Sixth «t.
WANTED— Men to travel and show our goods:
no soliciting; no goods to gell; no experience
Is required; big money to good men; the ap-
plicant will need $23 to $50, but this he con-
trols. Send this ad. and address Drawer 145,
Chlcaso.
SALESMAN wanted— Successful subscription
book salesmen will learn of rare opportunity
by addressing or calling at 927 Market St.,
room 622.
WE want a few more first-class house-to-house
solicitors; a liberal proposition and good com-
missions. Western Advertising Co.. 313 Bush.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third Et.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN to take orders for silver platinc; must
understand something about the business. Box
1011, Call offlce. -,
WANTED— A competent salesman on delivery
wagon. Box 250 G. Call office.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
I price. £62 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c to
. 50c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED—IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
A ROUTE cr. this paper for sale. Address box
6. Oakland Pcstofflce. :
FOR r?nt— To an up-to-date man with experi-
ence a furnished hotel and race track in
EurekaJ Cal.; located on main traveled read j
and good chance to ir..ike a nice paying busi-
ness. Apply to J. O. LOVEREN. Eure"ka, Cal.
BADEN. South San Francisco; hotel for sale, |
with 40 steady boarders, with good prospects; j
must be sold on account of sickness. Inquire
Grand Hotel. ISaden. South San Francisco.
DELICACY and oyster business for sale; es- |
tabiished over 20 years: clearing over $100 per I
month: centrally locafd: must retire on ac- I
count of illness. Inquire at 1403 Stockton st.
$303— DELICACIES and dairy produce; value in
sight; good chance for man and wife to make
nmney; other business cause of sale. Box
IC2B, Call office.
$5000— A FIRST-CLASS family hotel: patronized
by t^st class of people: good paying business;
felling on account of sickness. R.. box 2577,
Call office.
OLD established wagon-making and horseshoe-
ing business; 13 years present location; cheap
on account ot death of owner. 22 Courtland
avenue.
100-ROOM house for sale or exchange for lodg-
ing-house In Chicago or other business; no
2gents. Box 2322, Call office.
FOR sale— Corner drug store; cash or part cash,
balance on reasonable terms. A. F. BERNA-
DINE. Postoffice Station C.
WANTEI>- Rf-staurant outfit; will pay 25 per
cent more than dealer. Apply 227 San Carlos
avenue.
TOOLS, stock, fixtures of a palntshop for Bale;
cheap. Apply at shop. 926 Washington st.
WANTED— A butcher shop In the Mission or
Western Addition. Box 4145, Call.
change for larger, house. 1401 Powell st.
FOR sale— Butcher shop; established 14 years:
good location; cheap. Addrefs box 1027, Call.
$300— FRUIT and dairy produce store: eood
horse and wagon. Address box 10.6, Call.
$350— PARTNER !n saloon; will take part cash;
j chance for steady man. 79 Third Et.
$1730 CASH; corner grocery and bar; fine stock;
good location. Intsuire SCO Hayes st.
I PLUMBING Ehop: well established. 605 East
Twelfth Bt.. East Oakland."
I BRANCH bakery and candy Btore at your price.
I 438 TMrd st.
! SALOON, club, billiard room and cigar store;
investigate. 453 Fourth Bt. ; no acents.
FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. Inquire at 713
Valencia st.
$1330— 1S ROOMS newly furnished: rent $75; $600
cash down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore ts.
] A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
| tlsenients p.nd subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et.; cpen until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia Bt.
A BRANCH offlce for. Call advertisements and
fubscrlptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky sty.; cpon HntH 9 p. m. ¦ .¦--'-
• CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
I HORSE, phaeton, buggy, harness, etc.. for sale
I at a bargain: can hn eeen at Golden Gate Sta-
ble. Particulars 424 Battery st.
NEW bakery cr laundry wagon, J-can milk
wagon. 2-seated spring wasun, 2 grocery or
delivery wagons. 22 Coutrland aye.
TWO horses, an express wagon; good stand. In-
quire at 219 Tehama Bt.
FOR sale — Fl ->st Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter st.
j NEW and2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts and har-
ness, wk. _ driving horses, loth and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggirs, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AX & SON, 2117 Mlsion st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horsea. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
I W _EN you become disgusted with poor work
j rend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 553-237 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
I J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
et.: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
J. McQUEEN'S Callforna Carpet Cleaning Co..
j 433 Sttvenscn _t. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
i ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
j tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, S Eighth at.; tel. Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 533 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
J CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
1 A^PROFESSOR MAY.
! ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical; gives ad\lce on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; if in doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
i he!p you: mediums developed in from 3 to 6
1 months: letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hours, 9 to 8; Sundays, 10 to t.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings $1.
! MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
i fortune teller: best advice In difficult mat-
ters. S Hayes et.. room 7, second floor.
ARRIVED-Sclentlflc palmist and psychic: sat-
isfaction; readings this week 25c. 230 A Turk.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 23c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition any amount; « per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, le_ac*es, life insurance: chattel
mortcases: confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN.. room 1«. first floor. Chronicle bH?.
AVOID delay; try all ethers, then see me; $3<)
to $100;fK}'>; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages.estatei in probate, undivided interests In
estates. legacies end mortsases bought: advic«
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
Late; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my term* before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4-> Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable plaxe to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. l'> Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furnltur* and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldjc.. 139 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9. respectable prlvata p!ac«
to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service: money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 63, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
ON PEAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
MEN can secure loans on personal note, AUS-
TIN'S SALARY LOAN CO.. 365 Parrott bide.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY, 430 Par-
rott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner buildias.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
$50 TO $50.00; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortz^.:
any proposition. DRYD_N. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture pianos, without removal; n»
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property la mortgaged and yon nael
more mon»v ac» H. MURPHY. 630 Market at.
M-SICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced planes
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new uprtsht
pianos fcr $6 per month, and some good piano*
for $3, $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN.
CL\Y & CO., Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter -ts., San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and uroadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and Ur_est hous*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St. pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grade*
ar.d prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy ta»
customer.
A BEVUTIFUL Packard Bah 7 Grand Just re-
ceived at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market at.
THE Decker piano i« the universal favorite:
new styles: full assortment; low prices. At
MAUVAIS'. 761> Market st.
A GOOD bargain can always be found at
MAUVAIS', 7tD Market st. , ... _\
L '-RGE itock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos, prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. J4. $4. $4. U per month.
2 Chlckeringß. 2 Stelnways. 1 Vose _ Sons and
60 other slightly used high and medium grain
pianos; special uiscounta for cash.
HLiWE PIANO MrO. CO.. 136 Ellis St.
UPRIGHT piano. "Neumann Hamburg"; pro-
nounced by txperts the best in S. F. : nearly
new, of solid construction: wonderful power
and sweetness of tone: value $S00: to be sola
for only $300 cash. 1236 Market St.. room 121.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles! KOH-
LEh _ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell at.
A NICE piano: must be sold at once for coat
of storage. Room 10, Flood building..
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 per
month. Scott-*, urtaz Piano Co.. 360 Hayes st.
\> . G. CADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hatlett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby ar.d Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. UIS Market st.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1213 Powell st.
FINE Fischer «& Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S, lulD Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— I. Ice upright piano; only $80 cash-
sold for storase. 1710 Market at.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new! cheat)"
HORNLNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ H
i'cAlUster st. next Hibernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 LaUutn plac '
$375— Post, nr. Mason. $12."0— Eddy, nr. Jones.
$10.000— Sutter, near $3-VK>— Powell st.
Pleasanton. $630—14 rooms down-
s43oo— 6o- room corner. town.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 657 Market at.
14 ROOMS; well furnished: rent $40 $."0
21 rooms; all rented: rent $43 300
40 roome; fine location; rent $73 1000 I
ICO rooms at a great bargain: rent $200 3600
63 r. ; rent $100; $1700. BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
PRIVATE rooming house; D rooms, nlcoly fur-
nished; 7 rooms rented; paying $15 above rent;
no reasonable offer refused; rent $25. 1223
Folscm st.
$200- S ROOMS and bath, completely furnished.
will sell very reasonable: part cash; balance
easy Installments. SI2 Howard Et.
$2200 — PART cash: 42 rooms: best location north
Market: finely fur.; all rente-J. Basile. 3 Eddy.
28 ROOMS: all full: paying well: good reason
for selling; rent $60. 420 Sixth st.
LODGING house— f.33 Broadway; 20 sunny
rooms; must sell on account of t-lckness; $430.
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath, on Minna St.,
near Third. Address box 1012. Call offlce.
SMALL good-paying boarding-house: full;
steady; reasonable. Box 1043. Call offlce.
17- ROOM house for sale; no reasonable offer
refuged. Call at 103 Sixth Bt.
GEARY, lOlfi, bet. Polk and Van Ness aye.—
House, 9 rooms and bath.
HOUSE of 32 rooms, all taken: very reason-
able. 704 Howard st.. corner Third.
HOUSE, 8 rooms: bath: carpets; larzo lawn;
fine view; see It. 3932 Twenty-fourth St.
SIX rooms and hnth: bringing In more than
rent: bargain. 333 Turk st.
HOL'SRS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
¦ cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A. M SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
* 2533 California; « r.514!1341 Eddy; 6 r $23
17C3 Mason: 4 r $10! 1345 Howard: 5 r....519
207 Ellis: 10 r...517 Jo|llo Natoma; 8 r $l«
TO let— Furnished or unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable. In rear; 817
Union st. ' Inquire A. DECOURTEUX. £29
Merchant st.
NEATLY furnished house; 7 rooms end bath:
sunny side of street; nice neighborhood; $30.
1614 Golden Gate aye., bet. Scott and Devisa-
dero sts.
FINE bay-window house. 7 rooms and bath;
hleh basement; fine flower garden: 1731 Bu-
chanan st., near Sutter. Apply at 623 Golden
Gate aye.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 50.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
AN artistic furnished house to rent or lease;
centrally located: 5 bedroom?: large parlors:
music and dining rooms, etc. : 10 minutes'
walk to Kearny st. : large grounds: rent $123.
Adilress. with full name, box 1022. Call offlce.
LOST AND FOUND.
A~GREYHOUND pup. white, with red^rnark^
Ings on ears. Suitable reward If returned to
I. H. FRANK. 140S Post St. ;
LOST — Jan. !!>. small brind'e hound, slut. Re-
turn to 214 Linden aye., oft Franklin st.
LOST — A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of HENRIETTE RAFELD, No. 223-743.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST on Market St.— Enamel and diamond
locket. Finder return to SE. corner Califor-
nia and Laguna sts. ; liberal reward.
LOST— January 8. a black and tan deerhound
bitch. Return to A. MAZUE. 9 Jansen St.,
and receive reward.
LOST— English setter. Return to JOHN BER-
GE_, 334 Pin? St., and receive reward; name
on collar.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of EMIL GLARNER: No. 212-784. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with tne HlDerma Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. CATHERINE DALTON: No.
18S-020. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Pair of field glasses. Valencia and
Twenty-fifth st. station. Finder receive re-
ward at 2334 Mission st.
LOST— A lady's gold watch. Finder deliver
same to 10 Washington st. and receive reward.
LOST— Jan. 13. opera bag and glasses, latchkey
and purse. Room 142. Crocker building.
MEDICAL.
M_a~DlC!«)m^rtnTlJnTy~re^^
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private borne for patients before and
< during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at offlce. $5; safe and reliable; con-
EUltation free. 1122 Market St., between Ma-
son and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' spe-
cialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced know lodce: cure at
office $5: warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tlce In S. F. Offlce. 113 Eddy st.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at offlce, $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln: hours 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe ar.d reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at. home: consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write cr call at 1023^ Market at.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
St.; every case" guaranteed; $3 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 619 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkin; hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to t.
§AH FRANCISCO CALL.
BtTCCESS OFFICE cf the Can Francisco
C_l. rc.mer rf Market and Third etreets. cpen
ur.f.l _ o'clock every r,'.ght In the year.
BRANCH CFFICES-::7 Montgomery street,
timer Clay; cr>en until ?:S0 p. tn.
SOO Hayes rtreetr cpen until 9:30 p. m.
f33 McAD_ter street; cpen until 9:33 p. m.
<¦::• Larkin street; cpen until S:3O p. tn-
3541 M!»*!cn etrect; cren until 10 p. m.
C2CI Market street, earner Sixteenth; cpen
BOW S x». n.
JOS Eleventh street; open until » P. _•
:0S« Valencia Ftrcet; cpen until 9 p. m.
3_3 Polk rtreet; cpen _ntil 9 p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 5 p- m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Ccmrr.andery. No. 18. __-
X: T.. Golden Gate bulldine. CCS But- 73Kp
ter «?t.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- IfV
ING at t> o'clock. Tlie Order of the 9p
Temple will be conferred. All fraters V
are courteously Invited.
J. C. CAMPP.EI-L, Em. Ccm.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder^
A
PAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _f\_
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. VX
Dr^ree 4. ! ___
ACCIDENTAL Lodge No. „. F. and ¦
ft. _.— THIS (MONDAY* EVENING at _J%_
:.:.(> o'ciiu-k. Third d«-.rce. M_:»r T|jr
Mascna invited. liy order of the W./V^
_. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secy.
HERMANN Lodce No. 127. T. and A. m
M.— Called nwrtlnt THIS DAY <Mon-
<!_> ) January ~, l!>00. at 7:3y o'clock j%3\
p. ta. iK-gree 2. IJy order of the W. /
M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KINO SOLOMONS Lodge No. 2s\ F. m
and A. M.. Frar.klin Hall, Fillmore St.. _fV-
b»t*eeti Sutter and Hush— Secon*! de- JS3\
«re« THIS EVENING ot 7:21 o'clock. 'V >
HARRY HA EUR. Secretary.
A.ROU BEN ADIIEM Lodce. No. ,«__»:*-
I_. I. O. O. F.— Members notl- •#23?*^
I\ei to attend funeral of our late
Brother. THOMAS H. WKLCII, **«»«^
TUESDAY, 1:3« p. m.. Memorial Hall.
THOMAS O. OHRAM, N. G.
ST. ANDREW'S Society will cele- v «*" >^
brate the 141 st anniversary of the IJJj
Hrth of ROBERT BURNS by a
<¦ nccrt and dance at Scottish Hall. ~_M
:<: Larkia ft., on FRIDAY EVENING. 26th
ln*t. WILLIAM BALNAVES, Ires.
A. R PATTERSON. Secretary.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association —
Members: A rr.f-tir.g of vital impor*.a.nce
«::; l» iiv!_ THIS (MONDAY) EVENING.
.':.nuary _. All ar* requested to be present.
By order THOMAS FORD. President.
. F. I. DURHAM. Rec. Fee.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP COMPANY will b* htid at the office of
the company. 227 Market st.. San Francisco.
Ca!.. on MONDAY, the _d day of January,
3*oo. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
rurpose of electing a bosrd of directors to
t-erve for the ensuir.z year and the transac-
tion cf such other business as may come be-
fore the _<**tin_ Transfer becks w'.ll close
0= FRIDAY, January 12. 180 ft. at 3 o'clock
p. tn. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary-
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
Irff of the stockholders of the UNION IRON
V.ORKS will be fce'.d at the office of the com-
fjany. „; Market ft.. Fan Francisco, en TUES-
DAY, January 23. 1500. at 11:35 o'clock a. m..
Jor the purpose of electing a board 01 directors
to serve tor the rr.ruinr year and for the
transaction of such other business ¦as may
ccrr.c LcXcre the meetir.r.
JOB. CUXX, Secretary.
Office, _? Market et.. San Francisco. C_.
January >. itOO.
PAN" FRANCISCO, Cal.. January ' n . 1900— To
th«> "f the Independent lied
Men's Hall Association— Gents: The annual
petvnl meetinK <>f the shareholders will be
h«-ld on TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 23. at
o'clock, in Red Men's Hall. Z.lO Hush st.
11. A. SAMMANN. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the m°rr.b<?r!=hlp of the
Workmen's Guarantee FunJ Association will
take rlace at Us nffice. room 6?. Flood build-
lnit. TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 30. at 7:33
o'clock. H. G. PRINCE. Sec.
ANNUAL rr.e<-ting.— The postponed annual
rr.«>tir.p of the stockholders of the KILAUEA
H GAR PLANTATION COMPANY will be
fcrld at the office of the company. No. 327
Market Ftrwt. San Francisco. California, on
THURSDAY, the 25«h day of January, 19C0.
at the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m., for the pu»--
peee of clectinr a board r-t directors to serve
for the entutng yar. and the transaction of
*u<-h other business as n-.ay come before the
Treeiinc. Transfer books will close on Katur-
<_>•. January 13, ISOO. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE California. Debris Commission, having re-
reived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. V. Cowdery. _ the Lucky
Point mine, near St. Louis, Sierra Co.. to de-
rit tailings in a w^rked-out pit; from Chas.
Diewm. in the Riffle Point claim, at Grass
Flat, fierra Co., to deposit tailinps In Grass
Flat Ravine; from Morris J. William*, in the
Wecfis Puict mine, near Canuitonville, Yuta
Co.. to deposit tailings in a ravine, and frurn
E. A. Moody, in the Ir.skiu placer mine, at
Cold Run. Placer Co.. to deposit tallinss In
Fquires Kavine. civ»s notice that a meeting
«-i!l I* held at room 19, Flood buildins. San
rranci«ro. Ca!.. on January Zi. ISTj, at 1:30
». tn ¦
THE regular annual meeting of the etockho'd-
r-rm of the UNION TRUST COM-
PANY of Fan Francisco, will be ' held
nt the office of the company in the Union
Trust Company's bunding, corner Montgom'
«y. Post an-1 Market sts.. Fan Francisco,
«»1.. <-n MONDAY, the fifth day of February.
l:<Cf>. at t!ie hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for the
j.urriose of electing a board of directors to
fnc for the following year, the amendment
of the by-laws of the company and the trans-
action of ruch other business as may come
before the meeting-.
T. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. M A SERY of Egypt, great est"_strolo-
Clst and palmist In th« world: satisfaction
puararteM. 4" <"i"iripn Oat" aye.
ATTOR.VCVS AT LAW.
ADVICE! free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
ri fee without fucw»p; collections. G W. l
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn. j
ADVICE frw: no charpe unless successful. W. '
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market et.. cpp. Mason.
F. H. MERZRACg. attorney at law, has re-
r-j:r.«"1 practice at t*3 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldrT~tt7~M_x-
k"t ft.: crinsulttttjon free: no fees in advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
h^t^l^-aTr^i^tT':^''^
r.ew furniture: first-class In every respect;
table tmsurpw— ed; hot and cold v.ater: ele- i
vater: suites, with Vicard for 2, $30 month up. j
NEW family hotel; P.n-t-clays In all appoint-
ments; excellent table: special inducements to |
erlect people, f-07 California Et., vcc-pying
corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Pun-
ny suites; best board; 2. $50 up: single. 522 &0.
lIAI<iHT. _2— Sunny rooms with board; terms i
r»E.«onahle.
LAP PALMAS. :?.O Market ft.— Suite of 2 or 3 j
rms.: private: bath: sin. rms.: boarj optional. I
b'FAURELL. 742-<_;ean. comfortable rooms ; i
ecod home cooking; gp<v!al rates to gents.
DOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
TO board-An Infa-.t cr small chlldPjl9~per
TTf-rth. 2M L^xlngioT! wr*».
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
PCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged'
;-.'7r.«-K TV,r,k Pp.. 7f.4 Mission Ft., near Third.
JBOOT^ANDj»IIOK IJAKGAINS.
UCYS' etror.r shoes, >3c: boys' fine shoes, $1; In-
fants' shoes. 25c; children's ehoesf SOc up; la- I
c!e»' fhoet. fl; men's boots, Fpecial, $1 7a. Peo-
l >'f En.*- Ftnro. 33' 3 Ptorkton. nr. Brcauway. •
BUSINESS CHANCES. !
A--S".',!}; DAIRY produce and delicacy store,
twith 3 living rooms; rent $12; a good-payine
business. Jnqu'.r- R. G. WILKE. Ptt Market. {
A-$400; PARTNER wanted !n establ. butcher^
F»iop: owner wants honest- assistant: knowl-
edge at business not necessary. R. v. WILKE
: "•¦ Market et. ' j
A-t-P; PARTNER wanteHnThcp and coffee !
house; lively country town; place clearing $60 I
for each partner. Call R. G. WILKE 90«
Market et.
A - $500: CORNER saloon; 31 furnished rocmr
t'.O. R. O. WILKE. 006 Market ft. rocmg '
A-S1200; ELEGANTLY fitted up saloon on best '
transfer corner of this city; low rent- best I
> <ass cf custom; rlace Jirst-clcss paying-
• v.ner to attend to h'.s ranch cause of ta!» '
-—__ ________''' &06 Market •*• i
A-HST-0; SALOON on Market !,_, close to Sev- I
Sfnth; rent net $S0; Fplendidly paying place-
other eiigngpmonts cause of tale. R g'
V.ILKE. 006 Market et. ' .
A— J£X>; BAKERY near McAllister et.; estab-
ltshed years; all store trade; large stock- '
r*nt $25; 4 years' lease: lVj barrels per day' i
_CaM R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market Et.
A— FINE opportunity to secure the Stat» rlghTs
of a, nev.' paicnt required on every ranch; will
Kave !ar*» amount of labor r.nd do the v.ork
Wtier than nny r.ther known; model to be
: -n at STENREKG CO.'S, -ft*4 Kearny st.
A-?>! 00; CORNER faloon; rplcndid location":
Isimong factories: hot lunch: more throi value
In eipht: sacrifice on Recount cf other busi-
_____ ST EXBERO & CO.. .61^ Kearny et.
ttZr- FRUIT store; 3 livir.* rooms: «r"od bnFlness;
ccttral; cause, sickness. EAteILE, 3 Eddy st.
hatPLOYMEVr WASTED MALE.
RELIABLE private family man wants situa-
tion; cood hand with horres, garden, cows,
fowls or any work about place; first-class
references. Address M. C-. «l Bush st.
A POSITION as nurse, Valet or indoor servant
by middle-aged man of rrood habits: best of
references. M. W., box Kfiß, Call offlce.
AN Intelligent younc mart of toed address Is
desirous of securing home in return for serv-
ices. Intezrlty, box 2570, Call.
BY a first-class painter and decorator; a good
all-around mechanic; best of reference; 2
days from New York City. Address H. yon
HOVELINO. Brooklyn Hotel, city.
PLUMBER, strictly first-class, will work by
the day or week for property owner: has all
I necessary tools; city or country- Box ICOS,
Call office.
$25 TO ; per?on procuring" position for young
man of good habits as collector or any cleri-
cal or office work; Eocd security; no triflers.
Box 1048. Call. ¦.'-.' : : ry '¦; "v,--
COACHMAN— Competent man, thoroughly un-
derstands his business in all branches, desires
permanent K'tuatlon. As to references p.nd
qualifications address C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
COACHMAN, Englishman, wants situation, or
man about place: understands cows, chickens
and Is a thorough horseman In every' way; a
good place appreciated; references. Box 4144,
CalJ oi'fice.
LAUNDRYMAN, experienced, reliable, desires
position: city or country. Address WM. C.
g_TITPS.I 339 Bush st.. city.
JAPANESE hnusecleaning boy wants situation
to work by the day or the hour. SASAKI. 521
Jffsie st.
YOUNG man <25 years old) wants to I»arn bar
tending; good references. Box 2505, Call. ¦
POSITION In engine room by young; man hay- j
ing had two years' experience running trac-
tion and- stationary engines. Address box 1025, i
Call office. !
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier, I
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com- |
bined: references unexceptionable. Address j
box 4263. Call office. I
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
St received -at Call branch office. 2200 Fillrr.ore St. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1005 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH ofllce for the reception of adver-
tisements nnd subscriptions has been 'opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has bpon established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-Second nnd Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till 9 p. ro.
EXCHANGE.
?S:.fO— 30 ACRES fruit and grape ranch; good
improvements; near Concord; city or bay
property.
$25C0— 72 acres. 20 cultivated: fair buildings;
for bay cities, Santa Cruz or San Jose prop- i
erty.
JSOOO— I6O acres; E0 fruit: 20 grass; for bay I
cities property. (Loan money on real estate
and furniture.) GERMAN AMERICAN,
34 Kearny st.
2 LOTS 23x120, on Seventh aye.. south of park,
S. F., to exchange for Oakland property. K.
A. BERNARD. 836 Jackson Ft., Oakland.
FOR exchango for something valuable: San !
Jose residence property. A. X., SPERO. .2154 j
University aye.. Berkeley. Cal.
___________________
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician:
German eye water by mail. SOc. 1071% Market
st.. SaA Francisco: examination free.
FLATS TO LET. —
CORNER flat. 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417H 'lhlrd st.
FINE sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; $18:
Seymour aye., near Golden Gate aye. and
Scott st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery Ft.
FLAT to let— s rooms and bath, yard and
basement attached. 122 Vi Noe St., bet. Four-
teenth and Fifteenth.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgon cry.
MODERN flat of 7 rooms and bath: $35. 81714
Geary st. Apply to LANDRY C. BABIN. 413
Kearny st.
TURK. 520 D —Sunny flat 4 rooms; large bath;
basement and yard; $13; no children.
TWO flats; 4 roms each; 1 flat furnished; 2
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
$6— TWO ropms and yard. 726V_ Harrison Bt..
bet. Third and Fourth.
$11— SUNNY flaTi 4 rooms, bath: hot and
cold water free. 2718 McAllister Bt., nr. park.
$11 — No Icfs: flat 4 rooms; folding doors; marble
mantel. 715 Tenama st., near Eighth.
$12— ELEGANT sunny bay-window flat; 4
rooms, bath. 314 Preclta aye.. near Folsom st.
FI.EK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles, Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90:
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St., near Broadway* open evenings.
i 4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
; 7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED.
AT_FRED~^VoT_PERT~773 Mission Bt.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (iate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red, 3333.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS^TTliamllTcoln's new book, "Money.
Trusts and Imperialism"; Bella for 23c. Call
927 Market St.. room 622.
. HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
4 SECOND girls city. $25 and $20; a waitress,
country. $25; a cook, American family, $30;
a number of housework girls and girls to as-
Fist, from $25 to $15. MISS H. CULLINAN/
323 Sutter st. .
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a Bltua-<
tlon; hotel or boarding-house; city or coun-
try; best of reference. MISS H. CULLINAN,
223 Sutter st. /^
FIRST-CLASS Infants' nurse desires a situa-
tion; best city reference; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; best city reference. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter st.
COMPETENT waitress and chambermaid de-
sires a situation: hotel or boarding house.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter Bt.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO., PHONE GRANT IS3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
WANTED MONDAY.
20 waitresses, hotels, Southern California
free fare free fare and $25
20 waitresses, commercial hotels, n0rth.... t...
.! $20 and $2f,
chambermaids, Coronado,' reduced fare. ...s2o
• 10 waitresses, city, $20; 5 chambermaids to
wait, city, $20: 3 hotel cooks, $35; 4 hotel Iron-
ers, $25 and $30: seamstress, hotel. $1 a day....
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
3 nurse girls, $8 and $10; 2 girls, same house,
city, $30; 60 Scandinavian, German and Irish
Rlrls for general housework, city and country,
$25, $20, $15.
: C. R. HANSEN fc CO.. 104 Geary gt.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 418 Powell St., help of
all nationalities to fill various positions.-.
WANTED— Young ladies for offlce work who
are familiar with figures; wa^es $3 per week;
Klve reference and experience. Apply, box
1.4141; Call offlpe.
WANTED — Bon-bon nnd chocolate dippers to
dip in window at Townsend's. manufacturer
of candles and glace fruits, 733 Market st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with hbuse-
work. Call 142 Eleventh st.. bakery.
NEAT, respectable girl for light housework;
call Monday or Tuesdar. 610 ft Polk Bt.
2 ROOMS— I block of Market; clears $32 J4OO
10 rooms— Clears S3O; full $300
11 rooms— Hi«rh-toned and good $323
13 rooms— Rent $4'": steady roomers $500
12 rooms— Rent $20; clears $35 $4no
14 rooms— Rent $40: clears $40 $400
14 rooms— lncome $123; pe<? it $600
ll> rooms— Central: A No 1 $1250
15 rooms— Near Market; clears $50 $sco
16 rooms— Rent $45; clears $4') J3OO
17 rooms— Rent $C 5; clears $60 $550
22 rooms— lncome $130 $1030
32 rooms— Rent $100; income $175 iICOO
3fi rooms— Corner: 1 floor: full $1200
43 rooms— 2 floors; very fine $3300
41 rooms— Corner: clears $1.10 $2000
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., near Call.
$lG(io-^9~ROOMS~all on 1 floor: $SoTdov.nTtaN
ance at 1 per cent per month; paying well.
$325— * rooms; nice flat; on easy payments.
$S00 — 22 rooms: good location; $50 rent *¦ easy
payment?.
13 houses from $300 to $2000; payine well;
good locations; <»asy payments.
A. R. E. & R. CO., 743 Mission st.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
A— lo second girls, $23 and $20, city and coun-
try; chambermaid and waitress, $25; a wait-
ress, private family, $23; 4 nurse girls. $20 to
$25; night nurse, institution. $20; governess, 1
boy 9 years old. $15; 6 German and Swedish
cooks. $30 and $35. Housework-San Rafael.
$2u; Berkeley. $25. 3 in family; Oakland. $25;
San Mateo, $23; Sansallto, $25; Belvedere $25.
Twenty housework girls, city and country,
$.o and $20; 10 waitresses and chambermaids,
$20 and $22 50, city and country; 6 arm walt-
T e T S . SS T Sf . clty ' * 7 and * 3 P er week - MISS CUL-
LE.N. 32j Sutter Et.
YOUNG girl to assist light second work, $12;
young girl to take care of child 6 years old.
$12 to $13; second jrirl, $20; 4 cooks", $25 and
$?0; house girl, Berkeley, $30; house girl. city.
$30: middle-aged woman, light work. $15: 50
housework girls. $25 and $20. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter St.
AN experienced waitress; none other need ap-
I»ly. 20 Third st.; apply from 9 to 3.
WANTED— GirI to assist in general housework.
'27 McAllister St., near Octavia.
OPERATORS on vests; highest wages paid.
641^ St?venscn Bt.
STARCH work ironers at 750 Elizabeth st. be-
tween 23d and 24th; good wages.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl: good cook
laundress; references. lf-OS Fell st.
WANTED- Girl for . light housework; good
home. SOl Hayes st.
GIRL for general- housework. Ca'.t after 3 a. m
925 Fulton st.
WANTED— A girl to do chamber work and to
wait at table. SIS Eddy st.
WANTED— A restaurant waitress. 7 Taylor
Uet:; $6 a week.
FINISHERS wanted on ready-made coats. A.
BECKER. 322 Pacific st.
WANTED— A neat girl to assist in light house-
keeping. 224HJ Sutter St.
A YOUNG girl as cook: references. Call ISO 4
S Sutter st., between 10 and 3.
WANTED— GirI: cooking and assist housework;
small family; $20; references. 1054 Post st.
A NEAT girl; general housekeeping: references.
SO3 Guerrero st.
GERMAN girl: housework; one stopping homo
pred. Call after 9 a. m., 1053 Mkt, upstairs.
WANTED — An experienced apprentice on cus-
tom coats; good pay. 657 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts and shirt
waists. 412 Market st.
GIRL to learn hairdressing: also one to learn
manicuring and face massage. 240 Stockton.
WANTED— GirI to assist In light housework;
no washing; man and wife; good home; $S.
10CO Golden Gate aye., San Francisco.
WANTED— GirI for ll_ht housework; wages
$S. 3*24 Army st.
GIRL for general housework in upper flat:
small family; plain cooking. Apply between
0 and 12 a. m.. at 1566 Green st.
REFINED girl; care of two children; must
know how to sew. Box 4229. Call offlce.
OPERATORS on custom shirts: steady employ-
ment to first-class hands. 633 Valencia st.
WANTED— Woman to do housework; wages $20
Box 10^4, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress and buttonhole makers;
steady work; good pay. 819 Post st.
GIRLS looking for housework call at MRS. G.
_D SCOTT'S. 2143 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
SINGLE Jarlies wishing to Join a social club
Ssend.address to MRS. HERTZ, 70S Ellis st.
WOMEN and sirls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. SGVi Fremont Bt.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Folk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b»en established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
MEDICAL.
mIrs7~DR?~ALLHN. 1033 Market St.— Ladies'
specialist; guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5;
safe and reliable; consultation free; hours W
to 8. ~ |
WOMEN'S medical and surgical Institute; sci-
entific treatment: confidential: consultation
free. 1236 Market. Murphy bldg.. rma. 127- _B.
DR. POPPER. ladies' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $">; consultation free. 313 Kearny at.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated: lato scien-
tific method*; cure guaranteed; treatment $3.
Mrs. Dr. Allen. 1033 Market, ladies specialist;
guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5. Hrg.,lo to S.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Privats homo
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dia-
eas^-« of the human body. 113 Mason at.
METAPHYSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy.
occultism: free clinic Tues. evar. 305 Larlcln.
MINKS AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers: quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change: 62 cents per share or monthly Install-
ments: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING <*0.. 220 California st.. rooms 5-7.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE .
BOILERS, engine". 2-hand machinery. Mc-
LN'TOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
flce furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mlaslca
St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelvtnjr. mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission St.
THOROUGHBRED White Leghorn. Minorca
eggs, 30c setting. L. ISAAC. Dimond. Fruit-
vale.
FOR SALE— Pleasure yacht: chsan; tT ft. L.
11 ft. beam: must sell. Apply Sm Third at.
DR. CREELT'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gists, or Doe Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
PAINTER'S outfit for sale with trade. I_7
Turk »t.
CANARY birds. Hear, see and buy at LOH-
MANN'S, 3168 Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
FOR sale — 40 or aO gallons good, pure ranch
milk. Address Country Dairy, care 507 SUta
et., Oakland.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines tollers, water pipe, shaft Ins. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
AT les3 than cost; uncalled-for suit* and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', t_»
London Tailor. 721 Market at.
. ¦ In the History Buildln*.
SAFES — New and second for banks, mercha_ts.
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Th»
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market St.. S. P.. C_.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher; I
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 229 Fremont.
AN elegant mahogany, pearl Inlaid. Ivory-edged
concert-sized guitar for $22; cost originally
$45. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 50. BACIGALUFL
9H3 Market St., San Francisco.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., nr. Pine.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. _I3FI_
CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes.
Iron & wood: 2d-hacd. J. BURKE, 133 Beals.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold". W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market St.
NEW stylo Singer sewing machines: 5 drawers;
cak: complete; cheap. 1313 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. BIS Mission.
SAFP:S— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4.1 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— Th» W»ek!y Cull,
1H pasos. Inwrapper. for naflhur, $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader; I
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
MRS. WEST returned to 1208 Mrkt, parlor 31;
trance test medium: home evening- and Sun.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent elate writer,
330 Ellis st.; circle Sun. nnd Wed. evenings.
CATHERINE DEAN, returned: scientific card
reader. 959 Howard St., cor. Sixth, offlce 23.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
et.. 10 a. m. to 10 n. m.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 23c.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 212',-i Sixth Rt.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 114 D Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; "5c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band'B picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'F?rrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S~A^n^rnoTharge~_^
less successful. P.oom 310. 927 Market rt
COTTAGES TO LET.
SHOTWELL. 52r,-Cotta_e of 5 rooms, bath,
stationary washtub. large cellar and yard.
$6— REAR oottajje; 4 rooms, basement; 339 Jer-
_sey; water free; Cnstro car*.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins St.. near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over t'afe Ziinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of eltctricUy. gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the sums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasormble prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; platrs that fit from
$4 "0 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of terth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our fiesh-colorod plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 CO: all work
painless and v.-arranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lor?. 24 Sixth et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$:! .r,O. r ,0 up; jilatrs. extractions fre«\ $4 50 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. tn. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to- 2
Ip. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills t^eth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $": received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridße work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 223 Valencia; dental
work reas.; rainless extraction; hours 9 to 5.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 563 Mission, cor. (Hh.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Pr.lk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
TOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
nnbnals treated; dojrs boarded. Tel. West 63«.
DRESSMAKERS AND S_AMS>TR_S__S
S. F. Dressmaking", Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
Fremh tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary St.: dresses
made, $3 up; dresses miule over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. clsyses. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor _ Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALDS Business College, 24 Prst St.. 8. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
J branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium ami hygienic bathing facilities;
salt water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A..
Mason ana Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculations. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
__ri_ Nl S''' S _ rOLI " E:GE ' 1236 I!arket Bt
ENGINEERING school, civil. electrlcaTmlning,
mcch.. survey, assay, archi.; day and even.;
ffeet. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market et ; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
A— SINGING, piano, French, Spanish; Parisian
graduate: $2 mo. 530 G. G. aye.. r. 6; hr. 2-S.
CLASSES in German, French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Tpacher, 904 Taylor.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PRoi\
MERKI, 1008 Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, Krammar.writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ACTING and vaudeville people ptit on stage.
Ilallett. Lyceum Theater, 310 O'Farrell Bt.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 205 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or clags. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE nnd Chinese employment offlce.
No. 30 Geary st.. established over 6 years, re-
moved to 421 Post St., near Powell. GEO.
TOKI.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: .tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414U O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40~HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcad? Horse Market.
527 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers^
£0 HEAD fine draught and driving l-.orses at
1621 and 1625 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; gleo some fine matched black teams.^
ICO HEAD mares and geldings; 4. 2. 10 years
old; ICOO to 14^0 lbs.: $40 to $100; mostly all
broke. At the Canty Ranch. Grayson, Cal.
FOR sale— A fresh milkins cow, with calf.
Corner Twentieth and Indiana Bts.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team. 164; 10 years
old. DALZIEL. V»t. Dentist. 605 G. G. aye.
lIOI'!>_S— LODGING i'OK SALE.
109- ROOM house; corner; clears $3CO $—00
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 525
10 rooms en Taylor; v.orth $500 430
32 rooms; corner: clears $130 1600
10-room flat; clears SUO £00
I WILL SELL YOU EITHER HOUSE IN
PAYMENTS TO SUIT.
Paying house; clears $130 23 rooms $"!50
Downtown; rent $25 21 rooms 525
New flat: rent $14 : S rooms 230
Market St.: rent $73 26 rooms 850
Corner; only J3W cash 18 rooms 800
Clearing $100; rent $50 25 rooms 550
Boarding: corner house Z2 rooms 20-k)
Hotel and bar: K3 hoarders.. 39 room? 400
100 other houses. 3 to 5<V) rooms; $50 t0. ..10.000
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN-
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
11. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. 6th St..
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALES.
A WOMAN wishes a position to do general
housework and plain cooking: children no ob-
jectlon; wages $20. 20 Howard court.
A YOUNG German woman wishes hous« or
chamber work from 9 to 4 p. m. 6 Cleveland
St., rear.
LADY would like a position as housekeeper,
nurse or companion. Address M. B. H., 1426
Ea.t Sixteenth st., Oakland.
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper in room-
ing house or take charge cf house while owner
Is away; good references. Box 1015. Call.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer, who
fits exquisitely, desires work by the day in
families or at home. 1127 Ellis st^
YOUNG married woman wishes a situation as
wetnurse. Call or address 19 Morris aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ami subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH cfflcT for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Bt. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED — IHALE.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks:
day and evening class; special Inducement
this season: handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution in the
world teaching the barber and hairdressing
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633
Clay st. Branches — San Francisco, New York.
St. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
STEADY experienced man wanted In fruit
business." Apply at 930 Fillmore st.. near Mc-
Allister-
MEN and "women to learn barber trade: day
- and 'evening classes. Expert Instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
. neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. ICc. 13c and 2Sc
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 23c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b?en established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: cpen till S p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open till ap. r.i.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 \ a-
lencia st.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY. 22, 1900.
MISCELLANEOUS W___9.
WANTED— A rhysician's operating table for
offlce; must be plain p,nd cheap. Address
Physician, box 150y. Call offlce.
WANTED— S box«*s of fresh ranch eargs every
week steady. Address box 2327. Call.
GOLD quarts rock, for jewelry: $_ per oz. for
gold In it. 22S Bush st.. 3d floor, room 4.
HIGHEST price paid for all ktnd3 of curloa
and Philippine relics. 525 Dupent. nr. Calif.
B-SINESS CHANCES— Continued.
AN exceptional opportunity, for a business man
with $1000; experience unnecessary: will
rtand Investigation. GALE _ BENSON, 320
Parrott building.
A— s2oo; HOME restaurant In Alameda; big
trade; fixtures cost more than asked; sick-
ness. GALE & BENSON. 320 Parrott bldg.
HOME kitchen and delicatessen; clears $6 daily;
Bacriflced because of sickness; genuine snap.
GALE _ BENSON, 320 Parrott building.
SPECIAL forced sale— Hairdressing and dress-
making parlor; old estab. ; central; any offer
considered. Gale & Benson. S2O Parrott bldg.
ATTENTION. SELLERS'.
LIST WHATEVER YOU HAVE FOR SALE
WITH ME. I CAN SELL FOR CASH.
I MILL ADVERTISE IT FREE FOR YOU.
I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
HAVE BUYER WAITING WITH CASH.
1 SELL CITY AND COUNTRY REAL ES-
TATE AND BUSINESS PIECES.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
BAKERY In town near San Francisco doing a
fine cash business; large stock: good fixtures;
horse and wagon: cheap rent; trial given;
great EacriSce. JONES _ CO.. 565 Market st.
$175— DELICACIES and dairy produce; value
in Fight; tine location. JONES _ CO.. £65
Market st.
A GOOD chance— Wine business doing a pay-
rlng business: only about $250 required. Apply
A M. SPECK & CO.. t«7 Market Et.
BUSINESS investments, real tatate; any prop-
osition you want to buy or sell; we ore out
for business, fo are you; money saved is
money earned: we do both. PACIFIC
STATES REALTY CO., 320 Parrott building.
TO sell your business quick for cash call City
Business Exchange. 73 Third st.
WE have soecial bargains Jn rooming-houses
to-Oay from f3OO up. 79 Third st.
$430— BRANCH bakery and variety store; bar-
pain- g>ing to Europe cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777V4 Market st.
CORNER ernoery; full stock; sickness cause.
Pe^ COWING _ CO.. 1130 Market st.
$SSO— POULTRY ami light manufacturing busi-
ness: established 10 years; doing a profitable,
strictly cash business; owner going to Europe;
a Ipgltimate bargain. Address box F, Call of-
flce, San Joee. Cal.
FOR sale, cheap— Cijrar stand In good location;
next toOrpheum. 117 O'Farrell st.
PARTNER wanted In a produce business. Call
6 p. m. at 114 I_r;gton st.
jgiV-OiOAR stand for Fale at 57 Third St.; rare
chance; owner leavinc city.
A YOUNG man, possessing business qualifica-
tions, wanted to join me: business realises
11000 to $2000 monthly: mu.-t have $SCK) cash;
no scheme or fake: a genuine business propo-
sition ¦ can prove it. Particulars only by per-
sonal Interview. BONUS, b^x 2J46. Call.
ftt^-HOE shop for sale; established 3 years:
worth $100; sickness the cause of selling. Cor-
ner Nineteenth and Castro sts.
$250— FINE candy store and bakery: near
schools: worth double price asked; investi-
eate. SSOI Seventeenth et.
JSO— FOR sale; restaurant; good paying part of
city. In<iuire GEO. W. H. PATTERSON &
CO.; 1706 Market st.
CAPITAL wanted— l wish to embark In a
money-making business; will Invest $2000;
want $10,000 more; can use from $10<V> up; ex-
pect t'> realize inside cf 6 months $10,000 for
every $1000 invested; desirable investment
even" for ladles; investigation will satisfy the
most skeptical; references exchanged. Call or
address 11. J. BARLOW, room 131, Grand
Hotel.
8Leave | Arrive
San Francisco. Tn Effect ! San Franoisco.
I October is, |
Week Sun- IS3?. Sun- | Week
Days. days. Destination days. ', Days.
7: JO am S:CO ami Nova to, i!0;40 ami $:40 «n.
*:*9 pm !>:3f) «m Petaluma. «:Cj pm!lO:2.i an
5:10 pm f.:CO |im Santa Rosa. 7:3.'> pm S:II pm
7:20 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Hea;d«burg.
Lytti.n.
Gey sen (He.
S:3i> pm S:00 am Cloverdaie. 7:23 pm; 6:ZI pm
m I ___^^^. i i
7:30 am) JHopland nnd
I S:CO amf Ukiah. .7 :Z~> pm! S:I2 pm
7:33 am| 1 jl->:25 am
. - I S:CO ami OuernevlUe. 7:lj pm|
3:30 pm 1 | t.ZZ pm
7:30 nm s:Coam Sonoma 10:43 ami S:4O am
ar.d ;
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glrn KUen. 8:0j pra] 6:22 pro
7:JO am S:ffl am Sebnutopol. l"M0 am'lo:;^ am
3:30 |>m 5:00 pm ! 7:2.* mi! 8:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Ro>«n ror Mark West
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
fur Lytton SprtnK*: at Oeyse.-ville for Skngga
Springs: at CU. venial* for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Spring*.
Kelseyvilie. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. U-iki--
porl and Bartlett Springs: at Uk!ah fur Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Hlue Lake*. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Spring*. Upper Ijike. I'oirn.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley"s.
nucknell"». Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"«
Hot Spring*. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. WHIItW. Layton%llle. Cum-
mlnc's. Bell* Springs, Harris. Oisen's. Dyer.
Bcctta and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r»-
duced rates.
On Sunday round tr:r> ticket"" to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlr-s. (£0 Market st.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. '
MOUNT TAMALPfHS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry*
Week Day* 3:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
- Steam-heated closed car on ali train*.
Fare— ban Francisco to Summit and Jleturn,
SI 10-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J Smith. Reno
H M Eagle. Sta Cruz
0 M Hendry. Sta Cruz
G II Stewart, Cal
J Wtlzlnyki Vi-alia
H M Carr. Rodeo
F Older. Cal
1 de Lashmutt. P.erkly
\V H Weher. Oilcago
W H Fish Jr. Chicago
B Spanglor. Chlcaffo
J W Drysdale, Mndera
G Motheml. Visall.i
F J VWhandelaer. «.*al
E P Woodward, M<l
B P Bowers Se w, Njpa
Mrs Kemr>er. NiU'fi
J A Hn-hnny. Clileaeo
C de Re.-bon. Llvermor
J M M<-C,ee. Oroville
J II Campbell, I> G
T McCnil ft w. Madera
U R Freeman. Stanrrd
C A Farnum. San Jos**
R Carnev Jr & w. Cal
J Oerarris. Jamestown
R W Winner. Placervl
EC Southworth. Cnl
A d^ Rorhebnim. Cal
IJ B M.-K.?e. San J,,se
H W st John. N V
V A Llnsley Ai w. Or
w r: i^ewis, Sacto
A E Huntlnarton. Minn
Mrs M Huntlnpion Mln
i: Huntlngton & w.MIn
H O Raas. Cal
7 XV Stewart, Cp.!
J W Kowlei- & w. Uidl
J H Busby. Cal
M L Kaiser. Stockton
J F Ilrown. Sacto
J V McGllvrnj- cal
W M Cutter. Mary«vll
U Levy, Williams
I> Hart, Cal
F Phillips. Neb
.1 Cusglck, Chlco
J Thoman, St Helena '
J R EdKon ft xv. Or
S J Donaldson. Cal
W J Hickn. Mich
D Itix. Seattle
H J Andrews, Chicago
J 1) Mann/ Roston
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs W X French. Mho
W H Flsk. Chicago
Mrs Fisk. ChICRRO
W H Murphy. Stanford
O N Anderson. N V
A L Kruper. St. Ivmiln
John Stud. St. L<ml?
I r B Theherath. Mysvll
Chns Kennedy. ChRO
F X Theherath. Mrysv'.
I) \. Dean. Carlbus BC
L S I/oeb. Duluth
Mrs Loch and child, do
8 S Loeb. do
Mrs S S I.oeb. do
X H Cox. Made™
1» E Powe. Now York
W Klemen. Chicago
H F Codfrcy. N V
P W Hare. New York
,T M Rumsey. Chlcaeo
H L Evans, New York
M Maberg. I^os An«
I)r Nevada. N V
Mine Nevada. N V
C Iy i nunc, New York
T- M Prad. Now York
M SimniiK. Scotland
'•<"' Annes. New York
L Bluni^nberp N V
U a Oayln-,1 New York
Mr? Oaylord. N V
•T J Reod. Now York'
Mrs K(v,l x PW y ork
A rtobortson. N V
A V Tnwiispnn, N V
L Samuel. Portland
Mrs Samuel, Portland
Miss L Howard, do
», ,* f t: "nlnßhnm. do
it ': ' :! »rrett. Chicago
>« N Flsk. Chk-aso
A 9J Vln <-ent. ctilonqo
A Kaiser. Stockton
}t"l, Ilat tray. V/\ncvr
M H Summers. Wnsli
H TJ Wood, San Jose
Mrs Wood. San Juse
NEW WESTETtN HOTEI^
B Fisher. Rtver?ld«
G Pennrd. Wnlla Walla
C « Beck. Berkeley
Mrs Ilarlow. Stockton
W Chlnn, Vallejo
G W Hazard. I^>f Ans
A Trljuero, Benlcla
f; L Borsos. I'.enici.-i
X Lamb. Henirla
J Coleman. San Jose
J Hnrvpy, Fresno
.1 <vn>ii, Ashland
J Mnlonev. Merced
X T Slater. Stockton
BIC Kterllncr & w, Cal
I s pinto. r, B Anc
Mlsm X \VlUiamn L An
[1 elements. Chlcaso
II W Harris, Ls Ang
A Westerner has designed n lap-robe
holder for use on carriages, which keeps
ARRIVEIV
Sunday, Jan. 21.
Stmr Aleatraz, Carlson, 4."> hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson. 41 hours from Port
I«os Angeles.
Stmr Ooaullle River. Thompson, 90 hours
from Gray* Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy. LHand, 30 hours from Moss
Lan.llnc. ¦? _7v:
Stmr Whltoboro. Olsen. IS hours from
Cleone.
Ship St. Frances, Winn. U6 days from niila
delphla.
Ship Spartan, Polit. 15 days from Seattle.
Hr ship Artstldea, Poppy. SO days from New
castle N S W.
Br ship Celtic Monarch, Lewis. t!4 days from
Newcastle. N S W.
Br bnrk Inverlochy, Milne. 143 days from
Swansea.
Br bark Pass of Kllltecrankle. Vint. 165 days
from Swansea.
Harlc Hlehland tiglit. Herbert. 13 day 3 from
Clyster Harbor.
Srhr Barbara Hcrnster. Llndberc. 25 hours
fron: Fort Brnsff.
Schr Mary Buhne. Wober. r.'i days from
Euroka.
Schr Hellanee, Skipper. 5o hours from Ivor
sens Landlnr.
Srhr Berwick, Peterson. 24 days from Sitis-
Schr F.mn:a Vtter. Allen. 22 days from <!rnys
Schr Nettle Low. Ixiw. 5 hours from Point
Schr Mary C. Campbell. !* hours from Bo
drea.
SAILEIV
Sunday. .Inn 21.
Rtrhr Walla Walla, Hall. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Strnr South Const. Olson. Eureka, with schr
Oceania Vancr In tow.
' Stmr Msi-Wtnaw. Llttlefield. Seattle.
Ptnir South Portland, Hall, (lyster Harbor.
Ftmr Oeoriif T-n<imln. Uridcett. Wntura.
Pttnr CoiTillle River. Tlwmpßnn, llueneme.
Stnir Nnv. .Tnhnsnn. Fort Hmkc
Stmr Wl'llnmett*. Hanson. Seattle.
Slilp Pwhlnir Wave. Lonrnst.->r. Tacoma.
Sl-i'n Iri'.llnna. Verrey. Nnnalmo.
Bktn Gardiner Cltv, Schmehl. Santa Ro-
Schr O^enrila Von'-e. Murchiaon. Eureka, in
tnw nf stmr South Coast.
Pchr ParUersbure. KlllnB«en. (^oqullle River.
Pchr Tvy. Sanuielsnn. Senttle.
Bchr Laura Madsen, Jorgenston. Orays Har
bOf ' TT^LKGRAPHIC.
Pf)INT T.OUOP. .fan. 21. 10 p. m— Weather
tupgy. wind XX. velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN
Per Inverloohy— Oct 15. fat U S long 21.33 W.
TlrltlHli ship Merioneth, from Swansea for San
FrJific! p oo.
per ship St. Frances— Nov 16. 5,-..f.r, s. K.n XV.
French bark S7 days out from Newcastle. En«
lan.l. for I<julque. Nov IS, Bt« S. Tin w. Br
fhlp Aluncaster Castle, from Coletu Buenu for
U..K. . ..,.,„,„,„_,.¦
POMKPTIC PORTS
ASTORlA— Arrived Jrtn ?I— Br »tmr Mon
mouthphlr«». fn)ni Yokohama: «mr Signal,
from Seattle. Sailed .Tan 21— Ptmr Homer, for
PORT BLAKELKY— Arrived Jan - 20— Sohrs
E. K. Wood and lCrle, from Port Townsend,
RAILROAD TRAVEL
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH FACIFI3
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon H^rpy. Foot of A.nrUet St.
SAN FKAXCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEfcK , UAVS-7:U&. 0:W. n:«) a. m. ; 12:33.
3.C0. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:20 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:13
and li:?o d. m. '• >. : t ,¦
EUNDaVS-S:CO. 9:3r>, ll:P0 a. m. ; 1:3?. 3:20.
6:00. <".:;<) o. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:CO. 11:10 a. m . ; 12:45.
3:40, i:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 5:35 p. rr.. -
Bt'XDAVS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. : 1:43. 3:40. 5:05,
5:23 f. m.
Between Sari Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule ns above.
Shipping Intelligence.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer ".^onticcllo. "
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m. ; 3:15, S:3O \i. m. tex. Thurs. nlßht); Fri-
days, 1 f. m. and fi:M: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. i
p. m. Landinic nnJ oftice. Mission-street Dock.
Pter No. 2. Telephone Main l>o3.
FAUE snc
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
To CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running onJ most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Lkaves San Frasciscoi
b P.H. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
ssturday, arrUinjr In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
train* for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
pvnnFCC p. m. with Palaco and Tourist
Ka n 5 cars for Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local train* between Stockton, VALLEY
Fref.no, Hanford, V'isalia, TnUrc nn*r\
and Baiersfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FDt^rO «»nniM Market Street, Phonf Main
TKI3CU 3UUIN 153 ,. Oalcland^ ln9Broa(1 .
way: Sacramen-o.^l J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
KORfH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SmmUli Farry.
Ccmmeric'.ns CHrtober 1. 15SJ.
rr.OM 55AN FRANCISCO TO lUILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— •::<». r»:S?. 11: CO a. ra. : *l-45.
•3:4P i:i:.. «•*. «:3<l p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Monday*. Wednesday* ar.d Saturday*.
at »:fo and U:S> P m.
SI.'NDAYS— *I:CO. *10:00. *i;: 30 a m : n-11.
115. M:4O. «.*O. 5:00 p. m. "
Trains marked (•) run ta San Quentln
FI?OM SAN RAFAF.L TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. •0:25. 7:45. »9:40 a ra. :
•12:30. 2:13. 1:<0, »5:13 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Vr.ndays. TVedr.e S day» an 4
Eaturdayp at 6:40 and 10:15 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. *8:C0. •10:00. 'H^ a. «.!
•1:43. •2:13. 4:45. ««-M p. m. *
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FTtANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:43. 5:45. 7:K. »:4S a. m I
12:35. 2:33. »:«, 5:23 p m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Ekturdays at ?:W> and 10:20 p. in.
.SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:C5 a. in.: 1-05. t:l5. I:.KL
B.fO. f:C p. m
THROUGH THAINS.
T:CO a. m. week day»— <:aiaderoand wayntatlon*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and r-ay ¦taTlon*.
1:00 a. m. Sunda; «— Toinales asi way atatioa^
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
O2(>HIUB\TNT. Established
in 1.H3» for the treatment, of rnvate
DispHS«-s. lxi*i MmiftiM.d DebllUyor
disease rrearlnz on bodyand mlmiai'd
Skin Diteaacs. I'bedoctorcuresvrben
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
t'nrf«(rD»raiitf»il. Callorwrit^
Dr. 4. »'. uIBUOX, Box 1937. 5aa Fr^aciica
Tombstone in Wrexham Churchyard
of the Founder of Yale College.
Ellis Lover writes! to the London Times:
"Tho recent visit to this country of a
number of nthletc students from Yale Col
lege, United States of America, Induces
me to senrt you the epitaph upon the
founder of that college, which I copied
from his tombstone in Wrexham Church
yard. North Wales, ponif years ago:
" 'EUugh Yale. Esm., was buried the
twenty-second of July, In the year of our
Lord MDCCXXI. •
" 'Born In America, in Europe bred,
In Africa traveled; in Asia wed.
Where long: ho lived and thrived. In Lon
don dead.
Much' good, some ill, he did, so hope all's
even,
And that his soul through mercy's gone
to heaven. .
You that survive and read this tale, take
care.
For the most certain exit to prepare.
Where blest In peace the actions of the
just
Smell sweet and blossom In the silent
dust.'
"The tomb Is on the western side of the
church, within an Iron railing:. At one
time Yale was Governor of Madras. He
was tried in England for hanging his
groom, because he rode his horse two or
tlm-e days for the benefit of his health
without leave of hir. master. Yale escaped
with a heavy penalty. He was the first
man in England to establish and use a
sale by auction. Mis wife and only child
lie in one grave at Uie Cape of Good
Hope. From Yale College, so called after
the founder, hundreds of students have
made pilgrimages t'i Wrexham to view
his grave. The tnmli was? restored in IS2O
by the church wardens, and ngatn in 1574
at the cost <>f Yale College. 1 believe it
has. within Ihe last two years, bten fur
ther renovated."
TO ARRIVE.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK. BCUT UM7TOS. LOSD3S. PAEII
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Ycrk every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Jan. 2» I New York Feb. 14
St. Louis Jan. 31 j St. Louis Feb. 21
St. Paul Feb. 7 I Friesland Feb. 2s
RED STAR LINE.
New Ycrl^ ar)d Antwerp
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland J.in. 24 j Kensington F«fb. It
Southward Jan. 31 : Noordiand Feb. '.'I
Werternland Feb. 7 I Friesland Feb. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. A'.lcrjael. Cowson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
30 Montgomeo' *t.. or any of Its agetu-ies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner cf First tn 1 Brannan streets. 1 r>- m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callir.? at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connect I tig nt Hcnirkor.r with steamers fcr
India, r.tc. No cargo received on board en day
of snllinc.
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. 9
AMERICA MART' Wednesday. March T
HONGKONG MART/. ; Saturday. March 21
Rounrl-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight ac<l pa?«ne.- Bpply at company's off! ¦«.
421 Mnrket »t.. earner First.
W. 11. AVERT. General A feat
fßpm&igfft S. S. Means -ail* via
dE*2>*Zi&i. Honolulu an.'. Auck-
l •t i ' s "" -^» land for Sydney Wed-
0 'J < nesday. Jan. 24. at S
(s^/ I • p. m.
S^rrrchtTV) The P. S Australia
CIWMUiIIU , a |i s f,,r Honolulu
WedeS"*.?: Feb. T.
v>^- • llVJllf l i«00. at 2p. m
Favorite Line Rourd th« Wor'l. vl* Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Au«tr*lla. lnd:a. Suez.
Encland. etc.: JCIO f!rst class.
L 0. Si'rtECKCIS c« aROS. CO.. «gts.. 14 Montoomer)
Pier 7, Foot Pacific it ?reuMt»n»p-.321 Market St
COMPAONIE CENEBALE TRAHSAILANTXQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
SailinK every Thursday instead of *JJrf3
Saturday, from November 2. 1539. at **^*
10 a. rr... from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton *t: LA GASCOGNE. Jan. 2'>: La NOR-
MANDIE Feb. 1: Le BRETAGNE. Feb. ».
L.AQITITAINE. Feh. 13. FirJt-otass to Havre.
$fib and upward: 5 per cent reduction en round
trip. Second class to Havre. J4": S per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Brondway (Hudson btilldine). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Mor.tprimery aye.. San Francisco.
United States Coast and Geod»tlc Survey-
Times and Heteht3 of Hleh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) a bout
twenty-five minutes Inter than at Fort Point:
the heiKht of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, JANUARY 22.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tl'les are jclven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column lives the second tide of
the Jay, the third tim<> column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, ns sometimes occur 3. The heights
given are in addition to the aoundlnsrs on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus stern (—)( — ) precedes- the helcht,
and then the number uiven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the chart?. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SPECIAL SALE.
&*
To-Monnow.
TUESD AT January 23
At 11 o'clock, at
ORMONDE STABLES. 17.15 MISSION STREET.
Between Twelfth ami Thirteenth.
40 HEAD BROKE HORSES.
From W0 to ISM poumi?. Sale positive, rain '<t
shlr.e; no reserve cr limit whatever.
RAILROAD TRATTCL.
smxttiikr* r*«'iFi<: tnnPAHT.
(CACiriC SVM.-EJl.>
Train* Irnvr •%¦•! nrr «!n«> tv r.rrlv* a*
man riMScrtin,
(Main Line. Foot of Jl.iri.et Street.)
leave — From Dz< i-inru IX 1839. — A»r.rr»
•7:4>O* Benicls, Batnv, Eha!ra. V^caTille.
Cuujioj aaU b:icruu;ruto # 7:-*3p
•7:©Oa Shasta niwii- Vzy'.s. T7il'.o*«,
Itel Eluffl tat&Kd •7:45r
•7:3»a Martinez. .San lUr:;rn. Vailrjo. Nara.
Cailatonamtßsßtet Cno *n-.i.tr
•»:3O* The Oveinud I i ri e«l— Outlet. Dea-
fer. Oacha. Chici^> a.1<!39a .1<!39
*»::n»4 .San Jose. i.iri_n.'.orr, ¦ KluekUm,
Jmic. Saerrii!ic:iti>. Ptectrtille,
Mnrysville. fhico. iUiiKtnfl «fstS»
•*::t«\ *UiUon,o3kaatoaa<i r-ecora •lii.Tp
•'.»:«><> \ Hr.vwjr'3. Niks an.l Way Stitirms. • 1 1: «•"!*
•»:«<»* D»»fc\ Woodiard. Kuiihts LacdiEg.
McrrsYilio. uroTi.l" •T:l."!»
•0>flO» Atlantis Kirreu— OgUen nc<l East •t>:K»*
•9:«Oa Martinez, I'rcy. Ijtiircp. 6:ocktcn,
Mere-< 1 sn'l Ir'rcmo MSilS*
•!>!«»«»* rortCojt>, Vttmtk Mciw* anil i o»
Anxeh* •«!:I.Tp
•lft:OO« Vftllrjo. Martinez r.r.l W37 f stations •6:M»
•I IjUOa HayrrsrtlA NJea v- .1 Wrj fitat ens. *2:I3»
•r.'iiiisi JJilcs. Li'e-mo-c. k.tockton, hjurv
JO-:iio. Mciiilot-i. lliiaford. Vi..:ui t,
Pcncntllo 'Iti**
*i:4>oi> floenmeneo i:i*e*Btactm«N ?*:«»«»
•8:OOp Il3Twiri<. NitC3.-.n«l Way 8»atlor.». *3*«3*
•4:«»r M.-rliue-. >.su It lino.i. Vailrjo,
K.in-V '•?1i.,:,. K , v . KsiiiM ll<)8» •n:11*
•li«<lr ncnicla. Vafa»il!e. .Sacrui>i»nto.
W, ..„¦.!»>.,;. Rnhsbta Landing.
Mirjß7i:i". o»ofii> Mit-.n*
•<ltSar (Utah Man .fomawl Stockton »7sl3f
•3:O«r'l'hn Owl Lir tt-il-Tnrr. Frtsno.
Cj!. r . ¦¦•¦!. Sanpss li.r «mta l^»»-
liarn. j j Ausiles. *I«»iI3a
•3:OOrKmsct l.i i*cd-n riar>. Sew Or-
l?cr«rnl Ci.'t el4»:t3*
•3j:!Or Ktcvktwn. Unt&t lr"«iio «13i13|
•,t:.top rmuiOk UaLer-iiol.l. Kanta I! irl.sr*.
I.os A;-;;:!c3, lxmiug. Xl I'aso,
New Orloacscntl Ki3t •»»«*
*3::tOc M.tulv l.i r.nlo— AtUntia i.x;r. '»
f. r M..ja».. mitt Ijwl 'Hjl^P
•o:<>Oi»irarcnr.l«. :.;i'-ir.ml.San JoM *7>4|.-»a
»«::-.«».• V;-::ei» •aasiav
•i»:::<»i<;r;rntalMiil-Or:.:cDa:Ml Fast •».-.i«r
JI:COp V.-lii j.>, Vort coata antl Way Sta-
tions JU :.¦*¦"* T
•«.«3r «>t.-g()ii anJ Californiv i:>|.r.n».s«c-
nuueutit. Slar-svih,-. ire-Ming.
I'ortinii.l. I'n-fi. .:,... ?.1 nn.) 1 ; ,»t «*»154
COAST DITIMO3 lN:irro« <-:id S (>;.
(iMiotif .Mtrl.?. ;;iroct.t
•S:<;>A J»er7:-.ik,Ui'i::orTi.li',r.'aii.lo'>o. I'flNMi,
UoaktarCrcckJ&ataCroxaJMtWay
Btationn Mt.ioy
Uil.ip Newark. Vmtarnlo. flan.loee, New
Almauet), leltOD, Pontda 4'reck.
Santa Via and l'vinci^al Way
8 tatioas ? • • :¦¦»•» 4
•l:l."Vr Newark. Han Jose, Lcn Gatoa M>:at>4
tltslSr UnnlcrV Kicursion. fc'ac Jcso and
WnrStaiio-* t"'gOy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from six F;u:;cisco-ri«t or fetid ima<SK»t>—
•7:15 900 11:00*. M. Ji^3 tM t3:C3
•IX3 J3:C3 *6:: V.«.
Fr»w O»II.»nD— F»«i*'Uto»inxy.— -(i:00 R:fX> 70.0.1 ».m.
tIS:CC *I:C3 t2::3 »3::J 11:C3 '3:S;r.M.
CO \St Dl V IMO't ( Uroa.l (i.inge).
(Ihlrl :.r»i to-. n-cn.l St..)
!fl:l(< 4 <)cea:i Vioir, Soufu 1 .-:»:: ci.C).. ttt:3ttp
•?:O«»a Nan Jo.*o ami W»j Stnlkna i.Nnr
. Aliiin.lcn WotlK-jrtiUjaonlr) •1j»O»
•!I:«O« s. t ii .line. Ti-ea I'iinw. Hanta frtir..
I'HCliic <Jiote. i'nso Ki ihlcs. Man
1,.. i« Ol.imM., Rntr, Loapoc *:..l
l'rincii-al W.iy .SUlimia *-lsl4>r
•I«i4O« San. l<*u Kill Way SUtions 'H:M»
•111304 San J'*o »n.l Wnj stations •Siao*
*3ft3r San Mat. o, KfUnooil. Menlo PaiV.
Palo A\lr,. t<anti Clara. .S:i>' .ln«e.
Tres Finaa. Kanta C.uz. SaMsas,
Monfeto7 nii'l l'arilie 4Sla*a ?IO:38*
*x s :«ir San.<o»ear.l Xtmf Htaliana •l-.ttnm
f ItlSrSan Joaeaml rtit:cira! WuySutloiis •!»:J-'>.»
«5:OOr SanJr.se ami Principal Wit Statioc* ?O:O«4
?•^iSOt- fcaii.lr.se mi.l rrisicinal V. .ij Station* «M:S^*
•8:.-J(»p San .lose an.l ITn Station* »H:00*
t11:4.> San .Iw.uh Way statu.in »7::tO>
A for Moriiinj. V for Afternoon.
•Daily. t Nut, .lay exreprei! X fcunday CDly.
b Saturday >r. y
4LXBesdan ted r.-;.l ij s c Thursdays and Sosdaya,
AUCTION SALES
/rv-^. TH.2 HORStVIEN'j *v-_
/trt * UPP-RTUM'iY. ' (t * B
CLOSING -OUT SALE
Of All th»
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
Belonslng to
J. NAGLEE BURK.
Consisting cf such well-known money-winners
as Coda. Dolore, Espirar>dr>. Evlrato. F#at.-ma,
Flsro. I'ugfc. Gllsjantlo. Gravlta. Garbo, Gratia.
Gu«to. Gi::., Gi.icoso. Gaio ami nine two-year-
olds ready to race.- r.v Flambeau. Crescendo.
Drum Major. Urioso an 1 B'Mlleoso. inclurth'i a
brother of Crescendo. There r.re descendants of
Imported Brutus. Imported Foul Shct. Wil ilrfle.
St. Saviour. Flambeau, etc.. in this sale which
nre unexcelled as Irvllv^uals an-lare sold only
on account of the retirement of the owner from
the busintsc- cf racirg.
t-'ale Takes Place on
THURSDAY JANUiRI 25, 1920,
In the Saddling Paddock of the
-!!- OAKLAX D -:- RACETRACK -!1-
Emeryvl'.le. Cal.
WM. C. LAVNG. Auctioneer.
Oftke. 721 Howard St.. S. F.
Catalogue* ready. Trains leave at W ocl.yk
for Emeryville. Horses may he ge»n at tba
track. «
nlngj, and son of Margaret and the. late
Thomas Jennings, a native of San Francisco,
aged 37 years 11 months and 14 days.
E7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral .to-morrow .(Tuesday), at 9
o'clock, from his late residence, 2273 Fifteenth
street, thence to St. Ignatius Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated, com-
mencing: nt 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
McMAHON— In this city, January 20, 1900.
Mary, relict of the late John. McMahon, and
mother of Mary McMahon and the late John
Edward McMahon and Mrs. Henry Goetz. a
native of Galway, Ireland, aged 49 years.
lUTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take place
this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1610 Stockton street, thence by
11:30 o'clock train for Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORRRIS— In Oakland. January 21. 1900. Emily
Clarissa, beloved daughter of John W. Mor-
ris, and sifter of John E. Morris of Santa
Clara. Dr. T. H. Morris of San Francisco and
Mary E. and Letltla M. Morris, a native of
Oakland. Cal.
E7"FrU-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the Church of
the Immaculate Conception, Eighth and Jef-
ferson streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment private. No flowers.
NEWBAUER— In this city, January 21. 1900,
Joseph Newbauer, beloved father of Mrs. B.
Guggenhime and Slgmund J., Samuel, Henry
R., Jesse. Eugene and Louis Newbauer, a
native, of Bohemia, aged 74 years and 19 daj-6.
ICT'Notice of funeral hereafter,
NIXON— In this city, January 21, 1900. Charles
S.. beloved husband of Ellen Nixon and
father of Mary, Willie. Charley. Maggie and
Gertrude Nixon, a native of. London. Eng-
land, aeed 4S years.
PARKER— In this city. January 21. 1900, George
P.. beloved husband of Emma Parker, a na-
tive of Minnesota, aged 45 years and 7
months.
PIERCE— In thlß city, January 21. 1900. Charles
Pierce, a native of England, aged 69 years
PRAIR— In the City and County Hospital,
January 21. 1900. Rachel Pralr, a native of
Ireland, azed ."4 years.
ROBINSON— In this city. January 21. 1900.
Mahala F., beloved wife of the late John C.
Robinson, a native of Pemilneton. New Jer-
sey, aged Sfi years & months and 17 days.
(Washington, D. C, and New Jersey papers
please cupy.)
(n7"Remalns at the funeral parlors nf
Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason street,
between O'Farrell and Gen —
RYAN— In this city. January 20, 1900. Mary
Ryan, beloved mother of Lizzie, Annie and
John Ryan and Mrs. XV. Love, a native of
Ireland, aged 60 years.
{rynie- funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of the Henry J. Gallagher
Company. 20 Fifth street. Interment private.
SCHUTTEN— In this city. January 20. 1900.
Jacob, beloved husband of Rebecca Schutten,
father of Henry. Emille and Helen Schutten,
and brother of Peter Schutten and Mrs. Wil-
liam Hahn. a native of Provlnz Rheln. Ger-
many, aged ?.4 years 6 months and 14 dava.
A member of the Deiitseher Krieser Verein;
Ernst yon llandel Lodge No. 3, O. d. H. S..
and Far \Ve*t Lodge No. 2324. IC. of H.
(CTFrk'nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1534 Lyon street, corner of Sacramento,
SMITH— In this city, January !0. 1900. Eliza-
beth J.. beloved wife of Thomas R. Smith,
and mother of Frank and Ellen Smith, a na-
tive of Stockton. Cal.. aged 32 years 2 months
and 15 days. (Stockton papers please copy.)
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1127 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. : V-
VON PERHACS— In this city. January" IS. 1900.
Julius A. yon Perhacs, beloved brother of
Lajos yon Perhaes, a native of Hungary,
aged 34 years. (New York City papers please
copy.)
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), ot 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company. 403
Powell street, near Post. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
WELCH— In Berkeley. January 21. 1900, Thomas
11.. beloved husband of Sarah I. Welch, and
father of John H. Welch, Robert Lumber
Welch and Mrs. Kennedy, a native of Marble-
head. Mass. (Marblehead and Salem papers
pleace copy.)
(CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at Odd Fellows'
Hall.
WILKINS— In the City and County Hospital.
January 21. 1500. infant ¦ «f Mary Wilklns,
a native of California, aged 6 days.
WILLMANN— In this city, January 21. 1900.
Anna Wil'.mann. dearly l*-!oved wife of
August Wtllmann. nnd beloved mother of
Anna. Frieda, Emily and Zinta Willmann
and sister of Rosa Sahla, a native of Ger-
many, aged TO years 1 month hnd 20 days.
A member Of the Third OTder of St. Francis
and Christliehe Mutter Verein.
(CT'Friendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, iio Jones street, between O'Farrell and
Geary, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue. nc.ir Jones street,
where a solemn requiem hlch mass will h*
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:15 o'clock. ..Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Sailed Jan 11— Schr Fanny Dutard. for San
Francisco; schr Excelsior, for Newport
BOWKNS LANDING— Arrived Jan 21-Schr
Bender Bros, hence Jan IS
GREENWOOD— Sailed Jan 21-Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco. ¦
MENDOCINO— Arrived Jan 21— Strr.r Point
Arena, hence Jan 20.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr I.uella,
from Eureka: strm PhlladelDhla. from
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Jan 21-Schr Me
teor, for San Pedro.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 21— Stmrs Fan Pedro
and Pomona, for San Francisco: Br bark
Wcolahra. for Sydney.
HUENEME— Arrived Jan 21— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr La
Breta;n». frnm Havre
QUEEXSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 22-Stmr Cuflc.
from Liverpool for New York, stepped to em
bark malls *nd proceeded.
Weather Report.
(120 th Merldian-Paclnc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 21. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours:
" Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 53. 10 l"-6o
Red Bluff 0.00 14.77 11.12
Sacramento 0.04 13.33 ".S3
San Francisco O.OU 14. 3S 7.«7
Fresno : 0.00 6.12 3.84
Independence 0.00 2.0S 1.13
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 12.41 6.87
Los Angeles 0.00 4.57 2.54
Ran Diego (1.00 2.50 3.43
Yuma ...:...........; 0.00 0.6S 1.33
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
49: minimum, 43; mean, 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Pacific Slope. Light rain lias fallen over
Western Washington and Northwestern Oregon.
Dense tog prevails over the San Joaquin val
ley.
The pressure has risen over th« southwestern
portion of the Pacific Slope and fallen over the
Rocky mountain region and upper Missouri val
ley.
The temperature has fallen decidedly in the
upper Sacramento valley and remained nearly
stationary in other districts.
The conditions will remain practically un
changed Monday In California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending- midnight. Jan. 22. 1900:
Northern California— Generally cloudy Mon
day; light variable wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday; light
northerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday: colder.
Utah and Arizona — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Generally cloudy
Monday; light northwest wind.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wittram Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of business,
327 Market St.. San Francisco..
Notice ls hereby given that at a meeting of
the 80.-rd of Directors, held on the 18th day
of December, 1599. an assessment (No. 7) of
one (1) c«nt per share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office ot the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 22nd day of January,
1900. will be delinquent and advertised for tale
at public auction, and unless payment la
made before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February. ;s>CO. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costß of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the Hoard of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary,
J27 Market st.
Steamer Movements.
DIED.
Benedict, Persls A. Heney. Juliana
P.ersr. William Hollingsworth, Wm.
Bergerot. Marie J. Jennings, George
Hickerstaff. Edward McMahon, Mary
Bolger, Georire W. Morris. Emily C.
liorle. Catherine Newbauer. Joseph
Christy. Robert Nixon. Charles S.
Ciausmann, Emile Parker, Georce P.
Colombo. John Pierce, Charles
Curran. Annie M. lYalr. Rachel
Dt?s<-also, Peter C. Robinson, Mahala F.
Dupont. Auguste Ryan, Mary
Egan. Urideet i Schutten, Jacob
Falen. Albert Smith. Elizabeth J.
Gutfeld. Martha Yon Porhaes, Julius A
Haas, Esther Welch, Thomas H.
Haley, Patrick Wllkins. Infant
Willmann, Anna
BENEDICT— At Bay Farm Island. January 21,
1900, Persls A. Benedict, beloved wife of B.
Benedict and mother of Isabella Nolle and
A. R. Hamlln. aged S3 years and 10 months.
17 Not Ice of funeral hereafter.
BERG— In the City and County Hospital, Janu-
ary 20. 1900, William Berg, a native of
Sweden, aced 35 years.
BERGEROT— In this city, January 2t 1900,
Marie Jeanne, beloved mother of Jean Andre
Bergerot. mother-in-law of Mrs. Jean Andre
Bergerot. stepmutlier of Jean Bergerot. and
crar.dmother of P. A. Bergerot, Mrs. P. A.
Bergerot and Miss Marie Bergerot. a native
of Eysus, France, aged S3 years 9 months and
17 days>.
(£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(TueEday), at 1 o'clock sharp, from her late
residence. 14 Hcllis street, thence to' Notre
Dame dcs Victoires French Church, where
services will be held, commencing at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BICKERSTAFF— In this city, January 21,
1&00, Edward, beloved son of Minnie and Jo-
seph Bickerslaff. and brother of Katie. Lulu.
Julia. Minnie. Alice, Joseph and Thomas
Blckerstuff. a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years and 3 days.
BOLGER— In this city, January 21. 1300, at his
residence. 231 Fourteenth street. George
\V«shincton, youngest and beloved son of
Marcaret and the late William Bolger,
brother of Lillle, Willie and Joe Bolger.
grandson of Eliza and Caotaln John Bolger
and nephew of James and John Boleer. R.
T. and W. Cousins ami Annie McVlcker. a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 years and 11
months.
CTWotioe of funeral hereafter.
BORLE— In this city, January 2f». 1900. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Gustavaus
Borle, mother of L'.llie, Laura and Lewis
Borle. Mrs. Emma Matheson. Mrs. j Katie
I^estor and the lat» Mrs. Madeleine Welsh
and Henry Borle, and sister of Mrs. Ellen
Lubbock and the late Mrs. Isabella Kenny,
a native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged S3
years.
tTFriend* and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully Invitcl to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at !':3(p o'clock, from. her late resi-
dence. KO9 I'a;e street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, win re a requiem lilgh mass will be
celebrated fur the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at V) o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CHRIPTY~In this city. January 20. 1500.
Ititbert. beloved husband of Auguste Christy,
and father of Emma Christy and Mrs.
Robert McGahey. a native of Ohio, aged 83
years.
(t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tn attend the funeral this day
(Monday). :it 2:20 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. IU7 Mission street, be-
twren Seventh ar.d Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
CLAUSMANN— In this city. January 20. 1300,
Emile Ciausmann, beloved grrapdson of Mrs.
Marie Cliiusmann, beloved brother of Mario
Clausmarm and Mrs. Alice Bertln. and
brother-in-law <if Mr. K. liertin. a native of
San Francisco, aged 21 years and 8 months.
EJ'Frlen'is and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tv attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his grandmother, 1912 Taylor street, between
Union and Filbert, thence to the French
Church of Notre Dame d»s Vlctolres, where
services will be held.
COIX)MBO— In this city. John Colombo, a na-
tive of Italy. ußed 53 years 10 months and IS
days.
CURRAN— In this city, January 15. 1000. Annie
M., beloved wife of the late Timothy Cur-
ran, and mother of Anna, Edward. William
and the late Frank Curran nnd Mrs. J. B.
Ryan, a native of Limerick. Ireland.
CyThi' funeral will tnke piare this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 179 Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mnss will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencl:iz at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage.
DESCALSO--ln this city. January 21. ISOO,
Peter C. belovej husband . .f Julia I >e«ca!so.
fH|h<-r of Peter. James. Harold. Julia.
W.-ilter. Blanche and Marsar.M Descalso.
and brother of Mrs. T. Bulger >md Luke and
James R. Descalso. a native of San Fran-
ptacu. aged 4- years.
{TTTh" funeral will tnke rlacp to-morrow
(Tuesday): at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
resident*. 1214 Rtanyan street. Interment
Holy Ctos* Cemetery.
DUPO.NT- In Fresno. January 17, IWO. Auguste
Oiipnpt, belowd husbnnd of Eugenic Dupont,
und father of Mrs. Charles Debiolles, a native
of Purls. lrraiu-e.l r raiu - e. aged 53 years.
(C7FrleniW anil acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited lo attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau. 30". Montgomery avenue. In-
terment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
EGAN- In this city. January 21. l!)0O. Bnag-et.
beloved wife of the late Patrick Eean. and
aunt of Mrs. John McCarthy, a native of
County Meath. Ireland, aged 70 years.
C^FriendH and acquaintances* ar« respect-
f fully Invited to at tend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at ? o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 100G McAllister street, thence to Holy
Cross Church. Eddy fitre.et. where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose <>f her soul, commencing nt 9:00 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FALEN— In this city. January 20. 1900. Albert
Falet). a native of New York, agod 00 years.
f^Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors cf Porter ft White. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GUTFELD — In this city. January 21. 1900
Murtha. beloved daughter of Jacob and
Helena Gutfeld, a native of San Frnnclaco,
n^ed C months.
HAAS— In this city, January 21. jsoo. Esther
Haas, a native of Germany, aged S. r > .years 6
months and 21 day«.
HALKY- In this city January 21. 1900. Patrick
dearly beloved husband of Catherine Haley'
and fntlwr of Frank J.. Mary C. John P. and
Mnrparet K. Haley, a native of Ireland, aged
04 years.
(LTNOtlce of funeral hereafter.
HENEY— In this rlty. January 21. 1900. Juliana
Honey, widow of the late Richard Heney Sr
and mother of Richard Heney Jr. of Mountain
View, Francis J. Heney of this rlty. O v en
Heney of Tucson. Arir... Mrs. John Haynos
and Helena nnd Elizabeth Heney of this city
a native of Germany, aged 76 years and 6
months.
tpr Notice nf funeral hereafter.
HOLLINGSWORTH-In thin city. January
21. 1900. William HolllnßßWorth. a natlv» o t
Indlnna. a«red 3S years 5 months and 10 days
j^Tßemaln!" at tho parlors of Charles J "b
MeUler. CM Washington street.
JENNINGS— In this city. January 21, i!>CO
. George Jennings, husband of Annie jen-
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
ffc, " Steamer* leave Broadway
iWCV whirf. i^an Francisco:
iP-j&Sspv Fcr Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
\ S^^Swaj. J an - :i - 2 «- 31 ' Feb - 5 - L;han«*
I ii^\'T»H^fl l 0 con 'P ari >'' s steamers at
; fclsi£f-2*ii§i For Victoria. Vancouver.
lr^s£*r?Sa <R. C.». Pert Townsend.
Seattle, T<»coma, Everett,
"^* Ar.;icor»es and New Wh»t.
com (Wash.), 10 a. m., Jan.
21 26 21 Feb 5 and every ntth day thereafter;
ttv • or V'nncouver to C . r. icy.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). I P- m.. Jan.
19 •! 29 Feb 3. and every nun day thereafter.
Vo- lanta CruJ!. Mont-rey. San Plmeon. Cay-
ucoS* Port Harford <San Luis Oblspo,. Oavlota.
"Sm'aßarUra Ventura. Hneneme. San Pedro
Fa"t San Pedro (Loe An K ele*> and Newport. 9
? m.7 Jan. 13 23. «. »L Feb. 4. and .very
only at Harford
(^an Luis Obispo), Santa Harcara. Port Los
Ancelea and Kedondo *Lo» Angeles), li a. m..
Jan. 21. 2i, -J. t'eo. -• aarl every * ourth Jd >'
Fc^Eruenada. Ma«da>na Bay. Fan Jose del
Cabo. Mazatian, AH.ua, La Pai, Santa P.osa.la
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m For further Information obtain company's
The' company reserves the rl«ht to change
learners. nailir.K dates and hours ot sniiinß
"IIt'KCT OKFIt'K- 4 New Montsom«r>
street (Palace HrteU.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen Act*..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
BIPPATCH FAST STEAMEHS TO
PORTLAND
From sr>«-ar-s:reet Wharf at 10 a. m
r*QC £12 First Class lnclutllnc l'erth
InnC $8 Second Class ami SleaN
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 2S; Feb. 2. U
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. i 3; Feb. 7. 17
Short Line to Walla Walla. Fpokan*. ButJe.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all colnts East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
CM Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintend?- ts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1900.
the robes tucked up without the necessity
of touching them with the hands, a pair
of U-shaped springs belnsr pivoted in the
wagon box to swing into position en
either side of the occupants- of the car
riage. >..-¦'
L*Ni<. ,\. GALiJAGH.I.c Co..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone Kouth 80.
|mc/w/o>" «jfc co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ft EMBALMERS
1235 Market St., between ?th and Uth. '
Telephone South 247. ;
UIVIUB.MJ .\O'l IOKS.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 101 (50c per
share) of the OCEANiq STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the ofnee of. the
company, 327 Market st.. on and after Thurs-
day. February 1. 1900. Transfer books will
clo^e on Friday. January 2«. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Hirth. marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at fither of the oubllcation offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same publl&hed.
BORN.
LINCOLN— In this city. January 13. 1900, to the
wife of John H. Lincoln, a daughter.
MULLANEY— In this city, January 21, 1900. to
the wife of M. D. Mullaney. a non.
MARRIED.
KOPPEN— GRUNEWALD— In this city, Janu-
ary 21. 1500, by Rev. J. Fuendeling, Richard
A. Koppen and Emma W. Grunewald.
TULLITT— KOPPEN— In Golden Gate, Cal.,
January 17. 1500, by Rev. J. FuendellnK.
Herbert Dernard Tullitt and Hattle Amelia
Koppen.
WILLI— SCHWARK— In this city. January 13.
ISOO, by Rev. J. Fuendeling. Frederick Wllll
of Oakland. Cal., and Mrs. D. E> Schwark
of San Francisco.
OFFICES AXD STORES — TO LKT.
POL6OM. fTO— Largo Kunny ptore. puitable for
any business; also 14 sunny rooms; upper
j^rt. rMBSEN. 14 Montgomery- eU
BCTTEB, Tl7— Very choice for r-x>rns cr of-
fices; rent very reasonable; sunny.
i^v-STOHE: 2 Khow^vTndows ar.d a large rooms;
_a£apted to any business. <22 Sixth tt.
I.AHGIZ. elegart F'.ore. -j?TvalencU atreet; busi-
ness certer: lew rent.
"raiisuvtiA
BELLE -OUDRr-
IS NOT A LA DT.
NIACnCAL mechanic wish"* to associate
Shltapelf wit'! mar ¦¦: C"«>d address: business
experience an.l .*¦•:•¦«< nione> ; reference- given.
ij x ::ms, call.
LEDniiKn'S <^ulntonica will take away that
dull look from your hair—the only tonic thnt
«iil do it; 2.V* liot:!e. ; - .'3 Strn-kton «.
<iNK day only"; on Monday all $2 50 switches
will !><• s.:i ai ?: -0; no •¦iher day; i«o eont
in time. Styllsl halrUretatlnK. 2Th-; manicur-
•.•^ir. ":«• <: I.KI'^JIKR, 323 Stockton »t_
POR BALE Crasy quilt an.l shams: also White
sewinx bu< hlne. l!ov 4H9. Call ...'nee.
A KINK »=u:t tv rrd^r $10 75, or pants i% 75; our
I specialty ir. remnants r.llows us to s*i:
meapor than r*-ady m.-ide. L. LEMOS.
:;;: Mi rket *?.. bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-
price Taii^rir.g Co.; f.*2 Kearny. near Sac'.o;
alto ;M4 Market St.. under Pt. Nicholas.
L!"Al)IN<i thentrical and masquerade cos-
t^r^.Ts; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
: ited GuLDSTKIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights la everj' room; Winchester
tlloul, 44 Tlilrd Ft., near Market: 100 rooms:
::¦¦: to Jl 66 i*T night; Jl 50 to J6 per week:
:rf-* bu* *nd baggage to and from the ferry.
StAFSAGE and medical tymnastlcs civen by
< xpeiienced nurse. Addrves box 4227. Call.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
- experience. J. li. RAY. 272 Minna st.
FJGER'S sweepers are 'ne best and cheapest.
Ail kinds repaired and for sale at 342 Sutter.
IF you wish full value for your cast-oil cloth-
ing call on 1!. COHEN. IE7 Third 6t.
COLEMAN buys Clothing, bric-a-brac, tools.
carpets, old gold: send for him. 50« Kearny.
BEST rrlce for cast-off clothing ar.d bric-a-
brac. 11. MARKS. 2C9 Third st.: fend postal.
HIRStmNE CO.. hair epeclali^tF. grow hair
cr no jay: book for stamn. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
jeweler. 24S O\ rrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected; boolviet. J. WHITE-
IIORN. A.M.. Ph. IX. ISIS Linden. Oakland.
FHOTOGRAI'UIC SUPPLIKS.
rOLYCHHOMi; paper, irtch In" tone, rasy to
»<rk: low : rice; sample dozen 4x5 and devel-
Pl»er mailed gSe. I'al. ('ani^ra Co.. 22 Geary.
ri!VSICIA\S AXD 6LKGEO.\S.
PARALYSIS;
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION:
HAKK TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
SCr.OFCLA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES;
< "ON SUMPTION;
OLD ETANDIXO CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cur. : ••:•!¦¦ ;.:i ethers have failed.
NO DKUGS! NO KNIFE!
rufferer.t from ai.v oUter treatment.
W rite for r»f*rfr<»«. <:cnsultation free.
DR L J. BTHATTOX. f.C7. SOS and K9. Par-
r< tt btKldinc iO\er the Emporium.)
DR <¦. <". o'l«»NNELL— Office and residence,
3 "2 m Mit:-K>--t st.. Let. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
AM. SPECK &^X>..
i'j' Market «t., opp. Kearny.
of 3 pk; r.ear White House; 2
• ¦ ntagi'* •••>:¦:;. r.et.
}::ii!' st. ccmer; C0x127; stores and 70 rooms;
Sear Stockton and b'P'arrell; S£ ft. front;
4 ¦: ;• •: v brick; stores «n.l 36 rooms above.
N-^ar Eddy and Jones; store and 2S rooms
;¦. : ¦ ¦ tn ?::.. ; •>» 7 i*r cent net.
.'.". tt.; * a feet fr*>nt; 4 stores ; rents J2DO.
Third st : about rri ft. from Market; store
and lodging-house above.
Misr-ion st.. near Third: lot 40xS3; best bar-
cam or. Mis.-ion st. to-day.
Close to Market and Taylor: stores and flats;
60 feet front; rents about $100.
B $10,000.
3 new flats; 4 bltxks from Market, north:
rents {lljy yearly.
I*o»t ft.; 3 good flats: rents fSO; lot 27x110 ft.
SiMO. '"• > . • '
I>ot lOijTl-yi feet, and-cory modern residence;
fr.e ttuti!*-: warm »«>it of the Mission.
A M Si'KCK & C<:, «*;7 Market st.
JIM* 1 — BARGAIN: large l l i-story. lilgh stoop.
|bay-wt:i'io\v cottage; vrslibule entrance; bev-
eled plate sla--* <Jouble qoore: handsomely
¦ :<n»;>"1 wi'ie hall, with winding stair-
;b>^ and 6H-fout newel fxjst: turlor 14x17.
wam.-f ;trd .jirunc room Il'xl4: sitting room
l l txl4: .wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13;
» filings "2 feet high; ventilators; plaster cur-
r.iies; pantry, jrlass closet, ; 2 bedroom*
h.;.t bethrflom upstair*; 7-foot high cellar un-
der sll. with doubli'-OoT entrance under bay;
let ";x!2'X with a rustic stable 10x20 at *-n<i;
rrihci'.tW-Ttt ali for JISCn; no aKeut?. J.
. W. NEWTON, V3H \2'.h aye.: r.ear X st., Sun-
fet diftri.t. 2 blocks from Golden Gate Park.
%:,<.(•<•-> fiats, R stores. bringin« S pr cent
¦net crs Fourth rx.: 125x59; «reat bargain: <.ne-
th'.rd cash, balance to suit. Address lIaT-
TER. l'X3 Devisadgro St.
FOR paje. ch<ai>— On Howard st.. between
Fourth and Fifth, lot 25x60, with i-story
buildinc renting at ?!40 p«>r month. Apply
BEW IjRL'G CO.. Alameda.
NEW " tta^ec. hr.upes and flats for sale on
Pierce sn-1 Waller «s .. near Haight; over JO
house}; toll in same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
IS7M— LOT and S-stcrv brick house; sunny e!de
IFoush Pnrk. near Third ft.; S rooms; also
large shop in rear yard. By WM. HEX-
DP.ICKSON & CO . c:4 Call buildinr.
NEW fi-room resi^f-n<-e. with all latest im-
Kprovptnenta, can r*- bought very cheap. Ap-
r!y Fourteenth st.. near Noe.
F<"tTt Fale, rheapiNew 2-storjr house*. 7 rooms;
!at«st irrrjrovements: N«e and Hill sta.: near
¦'s^tr^-it. car?: jiaTent sidewalk.
MODERN frttare: 8 rooms: cable line: hot-
Ih-'.J?*: etiicken yard: garden; J32iO. H. J.
FEEOELKEN. 423 Jackson St.
itrr,.- HOI.'SE and lot: bargain: part <ash If de-
Firwj. Mclaughlin & co.. 777.* Market »t.
$RS*— 4-H' •< '.\i . ttage ;<nd lot Csxl»i. San Bruno
aye.. r;e fir 19th «. and Lick School: $I<> mitith.
• "KEAPEST ar.d best i:i America— The Weekly
Call."- IS raß<^. sent to any address i:i th<!
Tr.ite.j sra'.fs or Car.ada ore year for J!.
r'"«f.jr<> paid.
Hi;AL C&TATI2 COL'M'ltl — Kor Snle
AN offer wraated— 2lost br soil at once: lovely
Pf» and poultry ranch -it nearly 2 acre*
level I- d; fine, new buildings; bearing
ard. alfalfa, etc.: in Kruitvale: i?lettrlc
iat« the door; cheap at $2i<X>; what will
Five?
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent.
IP Geary st.. opp. Chronicle hldg.. 8. F.
t-ANTA CLARA Valley limit, fanning and
I clock larit: owner's tale In tracts of a to 500
acres; <?£>• terms, or will exchanze for San
Franc.^co prcperty. At'T'lX to C. H. PHIL-
LTP? ar.d G. C. VACHELL. 20 Montruciery
n.. between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. dally.
n ACRES.— House: barn; farming tools; incu-
bator: 4 acre* very choice fruit trees: nle*
N>t; F.ns'ftnd home: Oakland 2S miles; Jl2OO.
Call at CCS Sutter st.
SJILLEIIAE !ot« and blo<-k«: fen-ed; water
¦Krrk-. HUTTEP.FIELD. ?:7 Market st.
_.__ ..
TKP. tl ier acre up: farm list: free fare. M.
GRnTTTN. 711 MsrVet St.. fear Call DUtlAtnc.
lIKAI. ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— Cottage and lot in Mission: about
r;'<'< oro. \y. CIIAPIN". n Montgomery n.
|tUUA»» lull liilm.h.i.i.i'lVli,
V NI». 30— Two rr three furnished or unfur-
nifh'd rooms for housekeeping.
BVUHi 82t~5 ;r^nt room?, furnished for
i^pht boUßekcepins; adults only.
Ct*AfTIKIEI> adv#rtl»=ementft anil FUbscrlptlons
reef'iv^-d ;<t Call branch office. 2220 Fiilniore st.
<"I AY 2CI. near Fiilmrre— 2 larpe unfurnished
rooms: yard: water; rt-ar; rent $7.
KI'JiY. i':r,-4 unfurn. funny ri'imi; finely pa-
nl! Cfinver.ieni.es; line l<M-allon; private.
EIGHTH, CUJ. rear Market— Two sunny front
room*., v.ith <,r without kitchen furnished for
Ihociwetoteytag; private; sunny r>e<lroom.
niGHTiiT~SI-Two iToml; houwkeepinß: in
rear
IIF / rH> XZ ~ 2 l' arlors - kitchen, bath, furnish^
¦r hstpg.; ntw carpets; also single rooms.
MOTION, :-45-A nice front ro-jm and kitchen.
• <<i ;•.',¦;. i. c, r housekc-epin*.
MISSION. K'lS— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
1 omXiitXJt: no children. '
NOE, KS-2 or 4 Kunny ro<ims: modern lower
"H l Lr r ' :i ' iaove « grate; yard; Jin up.
TK llr i^ A l l 78 ' nrar Slxth-TnTs nire~r3oms
apd kilf-hen. complete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS avt:.. 4W2^3«)r,S«iecmnUr,roitiiah'
eO nanny rooms; gas rangt: comi.lete.
ROOMS FOII HOUSEKEEPING.
WASHINGTON. 3026—4 furnished housekeeping:
rooms.
A. BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; cp«»n until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reof-Dtion of advrr-
t!s.-Tnents and subscriptions has been opened
at 11*22 Polk .st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia Ht.
itOOaiS TO LXT — Knrn. nnd Infurn.
A— BRUNSWICK i HOUSE, 145 Sixth— Hoom«
25c to Jl per night: Jl 25 to o per week, and
light housekeeping: c;.en all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk ar.rf Taylor «ts.—
Homelike house: medrrn fervlce; elevator;
bath: rooms DOc to Jl 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
A LARGE sunny alcove room with gas and
crate; l.athroom adjolntng; northern part of
the city. IJox 1042. Call.
A— "TI!K HLMKIt HOl'tJK." 3J4 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; S4 rooms; all prices.
AT 12 Second— nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms: Jl &0 to J2 50 a week.
BOHEMIA? 239 lV.tit, cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suit*- an<l single rooms; hot and cold
xvptj-r; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 142 C Mnrket st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlthed rms.. suites. Fingle: also unfurnished.
CARKOLTON, !.'o€ Market, cor. Golden Gate
eve.— Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
FILUIOR& 221CH— 2 »unny front rooms; bath;
connoting ; with Kas.
FOLSOM. Slo— Sunny front room and kitchen;
furnished complete; man and wife; no chil-
dren.
FDLSOM. ?C5, corner Sixth (The Ollver)^Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new mgt.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed rooms, en suite or (-Ingle. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House. 192 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rocms; day or week; reasonable,
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1023. near Lafruna— Fur-
nished rooms, with or without housekeeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. 21 (The Wellington)— A family
rooming house; elegantly furnished rooms;
grates, gas. bath; hot ar.d cold water; 50c
to Jl 50 per night; J2 50 to J" per week.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: Jl 10 to JC per week.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HOWARD. $23— Clean, respectable: 25c-Jl per
night; Jl-J3 per week; Howard cars to door
JESSIE. 433— Furnished sunny rooms, suitable
for 2. 16; also slngljej-ooms.
MADISON aye. 7— Flat. 4 rooms, bath, yard;
Fifth and Harrison; reasonable.
MINNA. 667. ccrner Eighth— Newly furnished
tay-wlndcw room. Jl per we?k; transient.
OAK. 116 — 1 large bedroom, with closet, gas and
bath: furniture and carpets new; private.
O'FARKELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
ROOM suitable f<r 1 or 2 In exchange for
assisting boy evenings with studies. 172»H
Mission st.
ROSEDALE. J2i Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms:
25c a n!ght: Jl a week: transient.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st. — Incandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per nicht, 35c to Jl 50; week. J2 to
JS: month. J5J 5 to J3O; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished an.' unfurnished.
ST MARY?. 14. off Pin?— flat. 4. 5 or S rooms;
reliable party preferred thnn high rent.
PUTTER, 717— Sunny $.'/ room, with bath; ap-
preciated If seen; please Investigate.
TEIIAMA, £9— Furnished rooms to let: by the
week or month.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A (ro->d rooming houss
for good people. R HUGHES. Proprietor.
TWENTY-FOURTH, J523 — Bay-window fur-
nished front room for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
WASHINGTON, l.'C3. near Hyd^-Rooms and
board; reasonable; private family.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ar.d
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Ft.
A P.RANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription* has been opened
nt 1223 Polk Ft.: open till !> p. m.
ROOMS WAXTKD.
OKNTLKMAN wishes rooms connecting, with
l*-iit b-ard. In refined French or German fam-
ily. Box i<ra. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOM? naixred fr^m 13: whitened. Jl hd:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., ."13 Third.
liAT> tenants -Jec'ed for 14: collections made:
rlty rr cnuntry. PACITIC COLLKCTION CO..
<I. Mf-n»tnir»rr »f . r"nm« »-V>: «el. lir.W.
MvUlVf. MACHINES A\l> SM'I'LIIiS.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold: machine
fippllps. Standard Agency. H5 Sixth st. ;
Mint 45.
A I.L VCnd? fcrujuVt. sold, exchinced. rented; re-
pa irinc nt lowest rates 2<V. fourth *t.
STOItAGK \M» WAREHOUSES.
PIKRCE-RODOLPH Siorac- «nd Moving Co.
Offf"-. 4<H Post st. or. Powell; tel. Main "11
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTi
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IF you want a house built to suit, orf easy
terms and at moderate coat, call cm J. H.
YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
A HOME— Send description, condition and loca-
tion. I will find you one. A. R. DENKE Sr..
1400 Web*ter st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL I2STATB.
SMALL PAYMENT DOWN.
Two modern l.oupr*s. eastern frontage and
grand marine view; C room*: elegant finish.
cement waits, etc; only half h Mork from
University of California: all rendy to m"ye
Into; easy payment*. Partl^ulnrs of M. L.
WI.'RTS. Seventeenth and Hroadwav. Oakld.
2.2f> ACRES on Shattuck aye. near Woolsey
»>t.. With modern 4 nx>rn <otfd»re; mu>t •*!! at
a nariiflie. See NA MANNY, I/ori:i Station.
}j:,ofi-7-no<-!M house; lot M>xlMf: IK» ensh.
balance on terms to wilt. W. C. MORAN.
OAKLAND ADVERtTsfJeNTS.
OHFICti — vu.-i BROA f lVv\T\ ; y
OAKLAND RISAtJ ESTATK.
JAS. S. NAXSMITir^
HEADQUARTERS FOR BAuGAINS.
I^ook here— Jun< finished: five fine new lar/je
modern bousea in the very bfst re^ld»>ru.v» part
of the ciij ; two already Hold: only ten minutes'
walk from narrow gauge station; will s?li these
on your own terms and at prices Miat cannot
be met by any on«- In the city. Call at the office
:mrl we will show them tv you. 452 Ninth st..
Oakland.
JIM <".\PH: $12 M monthly till paid for; a new
2-s>tory house of X room*, bath, pantry, wash
n>"J:i; plenty of closets, stable, abed, chicken
house, etc.; city water and sewer; Fanltary
plumbing: an up-to-date property: laig* de»*p
lot; situnte on Fruttvale n\e.: cars iuuih th«
rto^r:- 2 blocks from a model school; fine sur-
roundiiiK^; is an i.leal home; .mice all told
»2CCrt; will exchange, call 4.V. ;th st.. Oak-
Jantl. HKNItV /.. JONES. Owner.
•J NICW hou'es. j.i^t rompleted: tho latent i m -
ptr.vementf.; ranging In price from JlCOif to
J'OfO; convenient to station; they are bar-
rnivs iind worth the time to examine thorn;
firtt c.,me. first choice.
J. R. MYHR?.
W2 rtroidwny. •Quklanil.
OAKLAND ADTERTISEMEXTn
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OIL
HO acres land: half cash, balance easy terms.
Owner. P. O. box 420. Oakland.
<*r.o-COTTAC,;; and lot on Pine st.. West Oak-
lar.d. HUGH M. CAMERON, 100S IJrodaway
Oakland.
FOR sale or r*nt-lV>autlful 10-rooni housed
largo grounds; fruit trees; chicken houses.
674 Hast Twrnty-sixth st.. Oakland.
¦| HK flii-t-ilasß. ol<l-«?Ftabli».hcd business; good
r»a«or» lor soliinc: rare chance. E E.
UAKUM) *• UII.MTL'IIK Foil SAL<i.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaa* ths
furaltuie dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ELIUGH YALE'S EPITAPH.
ro saii
9
Sun rises...
Sun sets
Moon rises..
5:2:
0:CO a. m
0 Time
p
* H W
| Time' Time! Time!
Ft. Ft. Ft. i Ft.
L. W H W U W
22... 3:89
23 ... 4:13
24 ... 4:50
25 ... 5:36
|L W
26 ... 0:13
27 ... 1:34|
2S ... 2:361
i 5.1 l»:10j 1.9 4:28 3.5] 9:15| 2.:
6.1 11:12 1.6 5:54 3.5 10:03| !.i
5.2 12:14 1.2 7-.21 3.4 11:10 3.1
5.4 1:11 O.S 8:35 3.6' ....
HWL W H W
3.2 C:3l 5.5 2:05; 0.11 9:30 *.<
3.2| 7:31 5.c 2:55!— 0.3 i I0:lo[ 4.;
i 3.2! S:3o| 5.5, 3:40:— 0.6 1D:55; 4j
Steamer.
; From. i Dv.e.
: ; 1
Fnnta Cruz
Umatllla ......
Pomona
Empire
Tellua
Progreso
R. Adamyon...
Santa Rosa....
Czarina
Jeanle
Samoa
Volumnla
Homer
Chas. Nelson..
Tlllamnnk
Columbia
Coos Bay
Point Arena...
Crescent City..
Arcata
Matteawan —
Miami
Corona
North Fork
Curacao
Queen
Orizaba
L>ndy Jok-«>y...
Bonlta
State of Cal...
..'Newport |Jan. 22
..tVtctoria k Puget SoundiJan. 2.'
? [Humbold t i Jan . X
..ICoos Bay ;Jan. 22
..|Departure Bay Jan. 23
. .|Tacoma Jan. 23
..jNanalmo Jan. 23
..ISan Diego Jan. 23
..IPuftet Sound |Jan. 2.5
..'Departure Bay Uan. 23
..|Humboldt |Jan. 23
..jliambum jJan. .:*
..'Oregon Ports Jan. 24
..IPuitet Sound iJan. 24
. .tTlllamook |Jan. 21
..Portland :Jan. 2.1
..'Newport Jan. 25
..Point Arena Jan. 2S
..Crescent City [Jan. 25
..'Coos Bay [Jan. 23
. .iComcx Jan, 23
. .IPpporture Bay iJan. 23
..'San Dlepo Jan. 27
..iHumboldt Jan. !7
. . Mexico Jan . 27
.^Victoria & Pu«;et Sound Jan. :';
. . (Kumboldt !Jan. 27
..''liina nnd Japan !Jan. T)
. INewport I Jan. 2
. | Portland !Jan. 30
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Tier.
k
rorona jSan Diego jJan. 22. tl am|rier 11
North ForklHumboldt IJan. 22. Jam Piw 2
Newburg ...JGrays llarbor|Jan. 22, 5 pm
State of CaljPortland |Jan. 23. lv amjl'ier 24
Bonita iSan Pedro 'Jan. 23. 9amiPlerll
Aberdeen ..|Humboldt [Jan. 23, 12 m| Pier 15
China Chlna&JapanlJan. 24. Ipm PMSri
Moana Sydney IJan. 24, Bpm Pier 7
Orlznh.l Humboldt (Jan. 24. 2 pmiPier 9
Santa Rosa, rian I*>i«go iJan. •£>, 11 amlPler 11
Excelsior .. Alaska Jan. 25. 9 am|Pier 34
Samoa IHumboldt Jan. 2s, 10 am|Pier U
Umatllla .. Vie & PKt Sd.jJan. :'«. 10 ami Pier it
Coos Pay... Newport IJan. 27, 9am|Pierll
Pt Arena.. Point Arena. .l Jan. 27. 2 fitniPler 2
Arcata Coos Ray ,Jnn. 27, lOumjPler 13
Columbia ..|Poriland Ulan. 2\ l'»am|P!er2»
C o l on jPanama |Jan. ill, 12 m|PMSS
C N«?lson.. iPujcof Pcand.'.JJan. i> i
Lady Jolcey|Chln»&JapanJJan; 31, 1 pm|
Steamer.
; From. i Dv.e.
: ; 1
Fnnta Cruz
Umatllla ......
Pomona
Empire
Tellua
Progreso
R. Adamyon...
Santa Rosa....
Czarina
Jeanle
Samoa
Volumnla
Homer
Chas. Nelson..
Tlllamnnk
Columbia
Coos Bay
Point Arena...
Crescent City..
Arcata
Matteawan —
Miami
Corona
North Fork
Curacao
Queen
Orizaba
L>ndy Jok-«>y...
Bonlta
State of Cal...
..'Newport |Jan. 22
..tVtctoria k Puget SoundiJan. 2.'
? [Humbold t i Jan . X
..ICoos Bay ;Jan. 22
..|Departure Bay Jan. 23
. .|Tacoma Jan. 23
..jNanalmo Jan. 23
..ISan Diego Jan. 23
..IPuftet Sound |Jan. 2.5
..'Departure Bay Uan. 23
..|Humboldt |Jan. 23
..jliambum jJan. .:*
..'Oregon Ports Jan. 24
..IPuitet Sound iJan. 24
. .tTlllamook |Jan. 21
..Portland :Jan. 2.1
..'Newport Jan. 25
..Point Arena Jan. 2S
..Crescent City [Jan. 25
..'Coos Bay [Jan. 23
. .iComcx Jan, 23
. .IPpporture Bay iJan. 23
..'San Dlepo Jan. 27
..iHumboldt Jan. !7
. . Mexico Jan . 27
.^Victoria & Pu«;et Sound Jan. :';
. . (Kumboldt !Jan. 27
..''liina nnd Japan !Jan. T)
. INewport I Jan. 2
. | Portland !Jan. 30
Sun rises...
Sun sets
Moon rises..
5:2:
0:CO a. m
0 Time
p
* H W
| Time' Time! Time!
Ft. Ft. Ft. i Ft.
L. W H W U W
22... 3:89
23 ... 4:13
24 ... 4:50
25 ... 5:36
|L W
26 ... 0:13
27 ... 1:34|
2S ... 2:361
i 5.1 l»:10j 1.9 4:28 3.5] 9:15| 2.:
6.1 11:12 1.6 5:54 3.5 10:03| !.i
5.2 12:14 1.2 7-.21 3.4 11:10 3.1
5.4 1:11 O.S 8:35 3.6' ....
HWL W H W
3.2 C:3l 5.5 2:05; 0.11 9:30 *.<
3.2| 7:31 5.c 2:55!— 0.3 i I0:lo[ 4.;
i 3.2! S:3o| 5.5, 3:40:— 0.6 1D:55; 4j
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Tier.
k
rorona jSan Diego jJan. 22. tl am|rier 11
North ForklHumboldt IJan. 22. Jam Piw 2
Newburg ...JGrays llarbor|Jan. 22, 5 pm
State of CaljPortland |Jan. 23. lv amjl'ier 24
Bonita iSan Pedro 'Jan. 23. 9amiPlerll
Aberdeen ..|Humboldt [Jan. 23, 12 m| Pier 15
China Chlna&JapanlJan. 24. Ipm PMSri
Moana Sydney IJan. 24, Bpm Pier 7
Orlznh.l Humboldt (Jan. 24. 2 pmiPier 9
Santa Rosa, rian I*>i«go iJan. •£>, 11 amlPler 11
Excelsior .. Alaska Jan. 25. 9 am|Pier 34
Samoa IHumboldt Jan. 2s, 10 am|Pier U
Umatllla .. Vie & PKt Sd.jJan. :'«. 10 ami Pier it
Coos Pay... Newport IJan. 27, 9am|Pierll
Pt Arena.. Point Arena. .l Jan. 27. 2 fitniPler 2
Arcata Coos Ray ,Jnn. 27, lOumjPler 13
Columbia ..|Poriland Ulan. 2\ l'»am|P!er2»
C o l on jPanama |Jan. ill, 12 m|PMSS
C N«?lson.. iPujcof Pcand.'.JJan. i> i
Lady Jolcey|Chln»&JapanJJan; 31, 1 pm|GEO.H.FULL£RDESi< Ca
FURNITURE
And now. Cafslmere." rapturously
•whimpered the young man. "It only re-
mains for you to name the day."
"I will marry you. Orlando." she replied
as the blushes chased each other over her
face, "on the first day of tba twentieth
century."
Bohemian Chinawarc
Bargains.
It* Worth Your
Coming: Jtisi to See.
Great American liprtioii Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere.
Jtoo Stores.
FREDERICK ESOLA IS
TRAPPED IN PERJURY
Swears Falsely in the Teeth of
the Commissioners. '
He Denies His Participation in a Meeting
at Which They Saw and Talked
With Him of His Candidacy.
<7 tC The Call's account yesterday of the Esola investigation before the Po
lice Commissioners the statement was made that "Esola's cunning
served better than his memory." The Call wishes here and now to sup
!i plenient that statement with another, that Esola has committed perjury.
The Call will produce as its witnesses to this charge Mayor Phelan.
the four Police Commissioners and Esola's chief backer. A. M. Lawrence.
Esola's testimony Saturday night concerning his informal meet
ing with the new Commissioners was limited exactly to thirteen words
— unluckily for him. Each and every one of them was a lie uttered in the
belief that it would have to be swallowed by the Commissioners, whom, he
fancied, would be forced willy nilly to appoint him to the high offir to
which he aspired. He said "no" once; he said "I don't remember" twice;
he said "I don't recollect" once, and he said "I cannot recollect" just be
fore he left the stand. He gave five answers to questions, committing per
jury once with absolute hardihood and four other times by absolute indirec
tion. His whole testimony on that joint was a lie. It was given in response
to questions concerning that famous informal meeting of the new Police
Commissioners held two weeks ago yesterday at the Mayor's office. There
were present the Mayor, Commissioners Xewhall, Thomas. Biggy and Mc-
Nutt. Frederick Esola, alias Harrington, and his backer. A. M. Lawrence.
The Mayor and the Commissioners have had at no time any trouble recall
ing that meeting. It was not thought up till Saturday night that either
Esola or La*rence would, but both were placed on the stand and questioned
about it. Lawrence admitted it. reluctantly, it is true, but admitted it. Esola
denied it at first, committing sheer perjury, then fell back on a useful mem
ory and said he could not recall it. Side by side, here and now. is given the
testimony of Esola in all its perjury, and the testimony of Lawrence bear
ing directly on the meeting in question:
ESOLA'S PERJURY.
LAWRENCE'S ADMISSIONS.
"Was there no* a meeting of the
commisf ion one otinday afternoon at
which you Ttrv presentf"
"No."
"Have you ..ttrnded anr meetings
of the commission other than those
Leld during- this investigationP"
'•I don't remember," said Esola.
"Did you not attend a meeting at
Ilayor Phelan'^ office when this com
mission was presentf"
"I don't remember."
"Were you ever present at a meet
ing where the Commissioners were
present, no c as a commlssionP"
"I don't recollect."
"Do you recaJl when you were with
A- M. Lawrence and these Commis
sioners in Mayor Phelan'* office at
any time since January If"
"I '•ann.ot recollect," said .Esola,
MrGowwi-Mr. Lawrence, did you erer attend
« mating or this commission oth^r than those
they held (or tbe purpoo? of Investigating: these
charge*?
l>awrence— There wa» never a mcttlnf ot this
commission.
McGowan— How do j-ou know thar* wu not?
l^anience — Not when I was present.
McOowan— Well, of th« four members?
Lawrence— You want to know what the real
thine Is. don't you?
McGowan— l do.
Lawrence— The members of this commission
called to [-ay a visit to Mr. Phelaa and I drop
tied In there.
McO>wan— Was Mr. Esola thersT
I>«ivreno* — He came In later.
McGowan — How did you know there waa to
be a meeting?
Lawrence— l ru tnformsd. Informed by the
Mayor.
MoGowia- Tea were Informed that there was
r meeting of that commission and you came
out?
Lawrence— Tes.
McGowan— And &13 you Inform Mr. Esol&T
Lawrence— Tes.
McGowan— And to that extent !t was precon
certed that guch a meeting was to be held?
I^awrence — Tes.
McGowan -And for that reason you took Mr.
Esola out there?
Lawrence- -Yes, sir. he was In the room for
only about ten minutes.
Can there be any doubt that Esola perjured himself in jiving that testi
mony.' Can there be any doubt that the Commissioners knew that he was
perjuring himself? Directly, flatly, in answer to the first question, he an
swereu "no." Before taking efuge in a weak memory to evade committing
other direct perjuries, he looked each time appealingly to his attorney. Why
did he do it? Did he not know that the four Commissioners were well
aware that he was at that meeting:? Did lie not know that A. M. Law
rence knew it and that Mayor Hfelan knew it? Did he not know that his
attorney. Garret McEnerney. knew it? Did he not know that he was de
liberately committing perjury? It is almost usdess to ask such questions.
Of course he did. He was at that .neeting two week* ago yesterday. He
was introduced by Lawrence to ekch and every one of the Police Commis
sioners as a candidate for Chief of Police, He was the principal party in
interest; he had the greatest stake to gain. And yet on the stand, know
ing as he did that the four Commissioners, the Mayor and A. M. Lawrence
knew that he was at the meeting, he answered "no" and "I don't remem
ber." He perjured himself.
In perjuring himself Frederick Esola, alias Harrington— who gained that
alias, by the way. through no boyish prank-- has tried to jam a lie down
the throats of the Police Commissioners. No matter how well they were
disposed toward him when the investigation began, they know now, by the
evidence of their own senses, that he is a perjurer. They are well disppsed
gentlemen, no doubt — The Call has always so thought and has never inti
mated otherwise, except to state that they were the innocent considerations
in an infamous bargain made by Mayor Phelan in his lust for power. It has
never been doubted that there was honesty enough on the board to prevent
a conspiracy so foul when the evidences of that conspiracy wereforthcoming.
Some of those evidences were forthcoming during the investigation, but the
great confirmation of the unfitness of Esola. alias Harrington, came from
himself. He is a self-convicted oerjurcr. Brazenly he has broken an oath
to further his greed for place. He has lied in the teeth of the men. who.
certainly, at first were disposed to befriend him.
Of all the sins charged against Esola, he has given proof of the worst
His testimony Saturday night took away, as well it might, the breath of
the Commissioners. It made them for the moment doubt the evidence of
their own senses. On reflection they began to think that he must b e an
ignoramus. Even The Call, which has been actuated in this fight only by a
desire for the best government, was inclined to think that Esola was only
exercising the cunning of the low mind it knew him to possess. Now it
knows and submits the proof that he is nothing more nor less than a per
jurer.
Messrs. Newhall. Thomas. Biggy and McNutt. you know, don't you.
that Esola. alias Harrington, perjured himself Saturday night? Are you pr-
pared to elect a perjurer Chief of Police? The Call does not think so
SALOON MAN STIFLED
BY DEADLY FUMES
George Fortman Suffocated in His Sleep During a Fire on Jessie
and Ecker Streets and Died En Route to the Hospital.
The Property Is a Total Loss.
George Fortman. proprietor of a small
grocery an( j saloon on the southwest cor
ner of Ecker and Jessie streets, was suffo
cated in his bedroom early this morn
ing, It Is supposed, by the overturning of
c. lamp.
He lived alone just over his little place
of business. His room was reached by a
ladder, and !t had no ventilation. It is
believed he went to sleep with the lamp
burning, and th«t in some way It either
fell from where It was placed or" ex-
Jjlodr-d.
The building; is a light frame structure
and immediately It blazr-d up with every
promise of a big flro. The policeman on
the beat saw it and sent in an alarm
from box 2CI. and soon after the engines i
responded the fire was out.
Fortman was found by one of the fire- I
men lying on his bed. H« was unconscious I
and apparently had been overcome by tho I
smoke without awakening. With some!
difficulty he was carried down th« ladder '
and as quickly aa the patrol wason could*
M summoned he was hurried ¦ off to the '
Receiving Hospital.
On tho way to the hospital, however it
was noticed that FortmaiTs breathing
had become lighter, and then It stopped
altogether. An examination showed that
the unfortunate man was dead, and then
I i wa f. on tur »e<* round and proceeded
to the Morgue.
It© builds* la practically deetroyed 1
f and the stock as well, but neither was
i "'?.!"*£ much - "° the loss, to whomever
I will have to bear It. will not bn heavy
; lortman. «o far us neighbors on the
some this morning knew, was alone.
They knew of no relatives and he seemed
to have no intimate friends.
The loss is not expected to exceed $1000
THE MARION IN THE STREAM.
The old sloop of war Marlon has left the
berth at Folsom-street wharf where she
has lain so long, and Is now the sole
occupant of uian-o'-war'a row off Folsom
street.
For a long time attempts have been
made to get the old warship out of her
berth, but the Harbor Commissioners
counted the value of the berth and the
value of the old vessel as a training ship
for the Naval Militia, and let her stay.
The wharf Is to be repaired, however,
and so she had to go out Into the stream
She will be given another berth farther
down the front.
The vessel, under command of Captain
N. T. James, the newly elected com
mander, left the dock under her own
steam and manned by a crew of Naval
Reserves. They worked the engines, stood
watch at the wheel and heaved over the
two-ton anchor In shipshape and without
hitch or accident.
It Is the intention of Captain James to
take the vessel on several cruises around
the bay before he again brings her back
to a berth alongside a wharf.
WARRING TONGS
ARE WEARY OF
THEIR STRIFE
Compact to Be Signed
With Police.
The reign of peace In Chinatown Is
dawning. A treaty between the Hop Sing-
Tong and the Suey Sing Tong has been
drawn up, signed by representatives of
one of the warring factions and only laoks
the signature of Wong Shi Shu, president
of the worsted Hop Sing Tong to make It
a solemn compact. A messenger has gone
to Maxysville. where the delinquent signa
ture may be obtained. Wong Shi Shu
having been In seclusion in the neighbor
hood of Chico since the odor of gun
powder became percept'ble In this" city.
The prospective settlement has been
brought about by the Gee (Sum Tong, a
powerful organization, to which about
two-thirds of tho residents of Chinatown
contribute and are members. The peace
making ton;? handled the warring fac
tions without gloves and made Imperative
demands upon them for a cessation of
hostilities. They realized the extent of
the havoc wrought In the Chinese colony
by the repeated acts of violence, and ar
rived at the conclusion that something
must be done to release Chinatown from
the strong clutches of police rule. Acting
Chief Bogy's action in closing gambling
houses and dens of prostitution has al
ready lightened the purses of their
heathen owners: the stagnation of busi
ness has been felt by tho merchants, and
the determination to drlve^all Chinese
from the United States who were not
possessed of certltlcates of residence
alarmed the better and wealthier class of
Chinamen as veil as the plebeians and
criminals, as many of the former reside
here In defiance of the law.
The Buey Sing tong consented to Fign
articles of peace without argument. Tne
members of the Hop Sing tong were re
luctant, but when pressed reve"alod the
hiding place of their president and re
ferred the matter to him. Before a mes
senger could leave this city with the con
tract however, tts contents were commu
nicated to Wong Shi Shu by wire, and It
was stated last night that with a few al
terations In the terms of peace he would
be willing to affix his signature to the
document.
One of the most important compacts
ever drawn up In the history of local
Chinese affairs will be given Into the
keeping of Acting Chief of Police Bigey
withln a few days. To-day he will meet
the presidents of ten of the tongs now
existing In Chinatown, not incuding tho
two warring organizations, 'and complete
arrangements for Its composition.
The Acting Chiefs first demand will be
for the names of all tong presidents, vice
presidents, secretaries and interpreters
in this city, also their places of meeting
and official residences. This information
has been promised him. The compact will
contain the agreement of the tongs that
forever murder shall cease to b'- the pen
alty for Infractions of tonf law. and that
all differences shall henceforward be set
tled by arbitration. Ho Vow, Chinese
Consul General, will vouch for the con
tract after It Is signed and delivered. Se
vere penalties and promises of lajjal pros
ecution will fellow suould any of the
tongs fail to keep faith.
One of the most Important promises
made by the tonjrs "~'i vouched for by
Consul General 110 Vow Is In relation to
the conduct of witnesses at the trial of
Chinese murderers. Should any China
man apt>ear in bohalf of a Chinese ac
cused of any highbinder* murder, and
swear falsely, the vengeance of tho
Flowery Kingdom will be invoked upon
him through the tongs and Consul. The
matter will be reported by them to China
and his family will suffer the vengeance
of heathen laws. At present It Is almost
impossible to convict a Chinaman on nc
count of the retinue of hired witnesses
who are willing to go on the stand and
swear to anything that the ends of jus
tice may be defeated, but the suggestion
that their families may be mnde to suffer
by diplomatic Interference may succeed in
breaking up the organisation. ¦ •:*
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism £ neuralgia.
Pnvsisti, tCoflaak. Rl9t>*rt» & Co. lot cur.
LAW VIOLATED
IN AWARDING
DEPUTYSHIPS
»
Provisions of Charter
Ignored.
> -
CARPET-BAGGERS GET PLUMS
>
PHF.T.AN WINKS AT RESIDENCE
QUALIFICATIONS.
John Ginty of San Diego, Whose
Home Is Where Jobs Are Soft
est, Gets a Lucrative
Appointment.
All deputies, clerks, assistants and
other employes of the city and county
must be citizens of the United States,
and must, during their respective
terms of office or employment, actu
ally reside in the city and county, and
must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appoint
ment.—Article XVI, Section 2, char
ter of San Francisco.
San Francisco's netv charter, under ar
ticle 16. section 2, provides that no one Is
eligible to hold a position In any depart
ment of the city government unless he Is
o citizen of the United States and haa
been a bona fide resident of the dty for
at least a year next p-ecedlng the date
of his appointment. The section has been
totally disregarded by those who during
the last campaign did the most talking
In favor of the new organic law of the
new municipality. Some of the most lu
crative deputyshlps and most desirable
positions have been parceled out to those
who by the charter's terms are barred
from feeding at the public crib.
As has been developed In many munici
pal matters of late, these violations of
the law have been made in many in
stances at the Instigation of Mayor Phe
lan. He has winked his eye at the char
ter whenever Its provisions came between
him and his political ambitions. It ap
pears to have been a case of Phelan first
and the law last.
Looking way ahead at a Senatorial
rainbow, he saw that concessions to the
State organization of the Democracy
would be a necessary thing In connection
with the barest possibility of realizing'
his ambition. When he became king of
new San Francisco the party leaders
demanded a share of the spoils. A cer
tain number of positions were given to
them and they were filled without the
least regard to the charter provision as
to residence.
There is evidence that there are many
such now In the city's employ. Prominent
among them is John F. Glnty. chief clerk
In Assessor Dodge's office. Mr. Ginty Itai
not been known as a resident of San
Francisco for a long time before he ap
peared on the political horizon as the
winner of one of the largest plums In
Assessor Dodge's office. He was appoint
ed because the State Democracy wanted
him cared for. Mayor Phelan used Dodge
to carry out the deal In much the same
fashion that Lawrence appears to be
using the Mayor In the Esola disgrace.
Mr. Phelan is aware of the fact that
Glnty has not been a resident of the city
for a sufficient length of time to qualify
him to draw a salary from ¦ the public
treasury. Mr. Glnty Is better known in
San Diego than he is here, and it is but
a few months ago that he was filling a
position as clerk in the southern city. Jf»
has the reputation of being a migratory
character, who has no fixed residence, but
makes his home wherever the political
Jobs are the Boftest.
And there are others.
{•nit letter delivery for Nome, via Bt. Michael.
Mania* Jan. 23. via Kodlak: limit 4 or.; JS per
letter. Mohna & Kaltenbach. 29 Market »t. •
LYING on a slab at the Morgue Is the body of Captain J. Friedman one
of the best known of the city's capitalists, who died suddenly yesterday
In his apartments In the Palace Hotel.
The manner of his death was at first only a surmise. But from all
appearances it was due to some heart trouble and was as sudden as It was
painless. An au
topsy held later
show G(l it to hft
of a blood vessel -rf^^^^^-^^NS^^^^^lk.
from Portland
wSSI^SS CAPTAIN J. FRIEDMAN. .
b?r a^ n fhe a SanTJ" f^ ™ rthe ™ Clty ' He waß a G«"«*"G «"«*" by birth, a mem
and was «tr?m? °, erei " and of the Eureka Benevolent Society,
this <aty eXtremely Popular among the German and Jewish population- of
otheJVo^r^^^ *J? B *J° ldn ° f clty real estate '¦and among his
Can/oraS S, Jt V^f W^t Cheer Houße. William Alford of the Bank of
tlfe oxTcutors .n h i s ln w m 8 °' dead man ™« ls named M ' ! ™ °<
ceztea^J'L^^T^u* I^'* b<?en made for the funeral, but as the de
thSausniceH nf n » f&^ had "° family » will Probably take place under
He w^l P7OP 70 ye^rs o ,d "° ** °' WhlCh h ° Prominent member.
Found Dead in Bed.
Mrs. Margaret Lacey, a widow, re
siding with her two little children
at Twenty-second and Louisiana streets.
Potrero. was found dead In her
bed yesterday morning. The children. Ed-
Oie and Annie, aged respectively 11 and
13 years of agf. were alone with their
mother at the time, and on their finding
her dead they notified their neighbors
who communicated the facts to the police*
at the Potrero station. The Coroner was
notified and the body was removed to the
Morgue.
Dr. Parker's Coußh Cur*. One dose wt!l rtop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists- •
Lecture by Dr. Anderson.
The lecture before the Universal Broth
erhood of the Theosoph'.cal Society was
delivered last night In the Academy of
Sciences Hall, on Market street, by Dr.
J. A Anderson. The sutfjeet treated was
the death of the soul from a theosophlcal
standpoint, and was entitled "Second
Death." The hall was filled with a fair
audience, who listened with attention to
the speaker's remarks and entered with
avidity Into the general discussion by
which the lecture was followed.
PROMINENT CAPITALIST
DIES OF HEART DISEASE
MEET TO DIVIDE SPOILS.
Secret Session of Democratic Commit
teemen of the Thirty-Sixth
District
Members of the Democratic County
Committee from the Thirty-sixth District
met In secret conference yesterday after
noon for the purpose of apportioning
among the faithful the offices which .mve
been set apart for the district by the
powers that be. Fire Commissioner John
Grady ts said to have Issued the call for
the meeting, which was held in a vacant
ptore on Mission street, between Twenty
fourth and Twenty-fifth.
It was reported that Grady was weary
of Btandlng off the iob chasers and passed
the buck to the district committeemen,
although it Is whispered that his main
purpose was to shut out a few claimants
for positions under the new city govern
ment whom he dare not antagonize by a
personnl refusal of their requests. Grady
announced when he was appointed F<re
Commissioner that he was out of politics,
but he is believed to still cherish an am
bition to be recognized as dictator of the
district, and it has been given out that
without his indorsement no man In the
Thirty-sixth can hope to secure one of
the coveted appointments.
CIGARETTE SMOKING
AND ITS MANY EVILS
George F. Welsh Wins a Prize at the
Exercises in Old St. Peter's
Church.
Packed to the doors was the old St.
Peters Church yesterady afternoon, when
Company I of the League of the Cross
Cadets held exercises under the supervis
ion of Father P. C. Yorke. Besides a
varied musical programme of excellent
quality. John Keefe and George F. \\ elsh
addressed the audience on the evils of
the cigarette, the latter receiving the de
cision of the judges for the better essay.
After the singing of the "\ eni Creator
by the audience William Griftrn, the
chairman, delivered a brief address of
welcome. Then came a song by St. Peter s
choral "The Land of Swallows, rendered
by the Misses McCarthy, Rlordan. Ken
drick Malone, Sullivan and Kane. This
was followed by a solo by Bert Felvey.
after which John Keefe spoke eloquently
on the habit of cigarette smoking. Sand
wiched in between this essay and that of
George Welsh was a vocal solo by James
Cj»oVts Keefe and Welsh hurled thun
derbolt after thunderbolt asralnst the
deadly nicotine. They told of the under
mining of physical and mental health that
follows the use of the cigarette, how the
faculties are blurred and dimmed by the
habit of smoking, and especially of the
evils that comes with Its use by young
"on© of the most pleasing numbers on
the programme was a concerted recita
tion "Victor Galbraith," by the follow
ing pupils of St. Peter f a Academy: Annie
Pignez. Mary Keenan, Canjtlla Keane.
Dora Doyle. Eva Coleman. Emily Foley,
Agnes Kal, Alice Kyall. Nelle McDonald,
Ellen Lovett and Agnes Murphy. Then
there were solos by Fred Gritting and
"William Fennessey. A violin selection,
"Under the Double Eagle." was excellent
ly rendered by five pupils of St. Peter's
Academy. Comic selections by William
Judge and a vocal duet by Masters
Robert O'Connor and John Broderick of
St. Peter'a School completed the musical
part of thw programme.
After Father Yorke delivered a short
address the decision of the judges was
announced, and the prize for the better
essay was awarded to Sergeant Major
George F. Welsh. Remarks by Father
Ryan, the spiritual director of the League
of the Cross, and the singing of the Te
Deum completed the programme.
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Five cases Black Serges and
Cheviots, 52 to 56 inches
wide,
$1.00 yard.
BLACK
ENGLISH
\
Black Mohair CreDon
Dress Patterns, five
stules-. 57.50 pattern
Black Mohair CreDon
Dress Patterns, six
stules.. s9.oo pattern
Black Silk Mohair Cre-
Don Dress Patterns,
fifteen stules
512.00 pattern
Black Silk Mohair Cre-
Don Dress Patterns,
nine stules
515.00 pattern
SUPERVISORS DO
NOT CONSENT TO
PHELAN'S DEMAND
Will Distribute Their
Own Patronage.
CAUCUS WAS NOT BINDING
•
TOBIN WANTS OLD EMPLOYES
REINSTATED.
To-Day's Meeting of the Board Will
Probably Develop Many Inter
esting Political
Facts.
-<— — ?
This afternoon's meeting of the Super
visors will demonstrate whether or not
Mayor Phelan is to control the patronage
in the office of the clerk of the board. So
far every commission of which Phelan
has the appointment has yielded to him
without question the distribution of the
positions connected with their several of
fices, that he might distribute them where
they would best serve to promote his
political Interests and tend to keep In
his hands the control of the Democratic
organization. At the start It looked a& If
the Supervisors would as meekly follow
eulc
His Honor boasted that fifteen members
of the board would take his orders at any
time he might be pleased to issue them.
He claimed all, in fact, except the throe
members of the Republican minority, and
was contident that he had things his way
in that body as in the others.
Then a caucus came off which opened
the executive eyes. Phelan wanted to
clean out the entire clerking force of the
old board, and Issued his orders to that
effect. .Notwithstanding that most of th"
clerks had been Jn office for years and had
established a reputation for good work
that had never been brought into ques
tion, his Honor wanted to wipe them all
off the list and unload a bunch of depu
ties who had nothing to recommend them
have that they had come out strong lor
him during the campaign. John Russell
was the one exception he made. Such
men as John Ryan. George T. Phelps and
Frank Sllvey, upon whom Mr. Russell had
always relied to attend to the important
work of the department. Mr. Phelan
wanted to displace, and he sent his orders
Into the caucus to that effect. The names
he proposed in their stead were John 13.
Behan, John Lenihan and John Donlan.
It was understood by every member in
attendance at the caucus that these were
Phelan's men, and no opposition to them
was expected.
None developed until Dr. d'Ancona got
up and demanded that when it came to
an open meeting of the board none of the
members should be bound by the caucus
agreement. The reason for his demand,
which developed later, was that a plan
was then forming to hold for the boar.l
itself its own patronage. D'Ancona anJ
the others behind it did not feel strong
enough to bring It out in caucus, but they
were confident that they could make it
go by the time the next regular meeting
came off. Although the Phelan adherents
were in control of the caucus they were
compelled to accede to D'Ancona's de
mands, and a resolution was finally adopt
ed that the caucus agreement should not
be binding.
The matter came up regularly at last
Monday's meeting of the board. Phelan
paw that his original plan would not cni
rv, and attempted from the chair to so
shape things that all of the board s
patronage should be thrown Into the
hands of the Civil Service Commission.
His game was nicely blocked by Reed,
Comte and D'Ancona, to whom Plielaii di
rected his greatest atentlgn. To-day the
matter will come up before the board for
a final settlement, and It Is understood
that Tobin, Hotaling and Reed, with 3
half-dozen others, will take the side of
the old employes and Insist that they be
retained for the best Interests of the of
fice.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1900.
MRS. GREENAN TO
ANSWER TO SOME
SERIOUS CHARGES
Principal of a School
in Trouble.
CLAIMS IT IS SPITE WORK
ACCUSED OF PLAYING THE
PONIES.
»
Suspended From Duty Pending an
Investigation by the Board of
Education Regarding Her
Conduct.
Mrs. Rebecca Greenan, who was sus
pended by the old Board of Education a
short time prior to their retirement from
oftico, has been called upon by the present
board to answer to some ugly charges.
Mrs. Greenan, prior to her suspension,
was principal of the John W. Taylor
School at Sunnyvale.
At the time Mrs. Greenan was suspend
ed charges were filed against her, but for
some reason she was not given a chance
to defend herself. The present board,
however, has taken up the charges and
according to the statement of Director
Mark, president of the board, a thorough
Investigation will be made. The inquiry
has been set for Thursday morning at 10
o'clock, and some interesting testimony is
expected.
The greatest secrecy has been, maintain
ed by the members of the board as to the
nature of, the charges preferred against
Mrs. Greenan. Director Mark declares
that he has not 6cen the charges, but be
lieves they accuse Mrs. Greenan of visit-
Ing the racetrack and neglecting her du
ties as a member of the School Depart
ment. Superintendent of Schools Webster
says that Mrs. Greenan has not been at
tending to business, but whether or not
she was In the habit of visiting the race
track he could not say.
Mrs. Greenan keenly feels her suspen
sion and is anxious for an investigation.
"The charges are ridiculous." she in
dignantly remarked yesterday afternoon
when asked about the matter. "I can
prove by a number of witnesses that I
have not been in the habit of visiting the
racetrack, nor do I know any touts, as
some of my enemies seem to claim. I
have not been officially notified of the
charges, but am ready at any time to de
fend my good name against what seems
to me to be a dastardly plot to ruin an
honorable woman. From an unofficial
source I learned that charges have been
filed against mo accusing me of being
impertinent to the parents of several of
my pupils; being late in reaching the
school and dismissing the class before the
usual hour.
"As to the reported charge that I have
been groing to the racetrack and playing
the races, it Is absolutely false. The whole
trouble Is due to Mrs. Burnett, who Is
lanltress of the Sunnyvale School. We
nave had several wordy disputes and not
long a?'" 1 she called me a liar In the pres
ence of the class. I threatened to report
her to the trustees of the school and she
then said she would pet even with me.
From various sources I learned that she
was endeavoring to have me dismissed
from the department, claiming that I was
incompetent, notwithstanding: that I have
been a. schoolteacher for a number of;
years. I will prove at the Investigation
that the charpes were prompted by mal
ice and that a concerted effort is being
made to deprive me of my position."
Mrs. Greenan is tlie wtfe of Police Offi
cer Greonan of the Southern Station and
is the mother of a lartre family.
BDWEM
eofre? for breakfast whiskey for tnvXic.m
jardines for luncheon almonds for salting
olives for relish blueberries for pies
tea for evening bran bag* for bath
cologne for toilet rr.ustard for jest
trout for dinner molasses for ginger bres4
popcorn for run brandy for flavor
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Kona coffee 25c
This Kona coffee comes from Hawaii
reg'ly 30c Ib— roast or ground
Whiskey— O X bourbon 3 bots $2
reg'ly $t bottle J4 gallon gallon 3
As pure as those higher priced
but not so old— though old enough
RoyanS— reg'ly 20c tfn 15C
sardines preserved with
truffle and pickle
Pim-OlaS baby 3 bottles 50C
reg'ly 20c and 60c bottle
selected olives stuffed large 50C
with sweet red peppers
a delightful relish
Tea— reg'ly 60c Ib 50C
Mandarin nectar
Phoenix chop— Oolong old time
comet flavor
Bran bags— reg'iy 25c 20c
To perfume the bath
ColOgne-reg'ly 6oc bottle 45C
Johann Maria Farina
MllStard— horseradish 2 bottles 25C
reg'ly 15c bottle
try it on boiled or cold meats
TrOUt — brook— reg'ly 55c tin 2OC
you may catch them on two
little silver hooks
Molasses 6oc
.reg'ly 7?^ JH llon t!n v
for big chunks of ginger bread
Pop-corn 6 ibs for 25c
just for fun
Brandy-Callfomfa 3 bottles $2
reg'ly Si bottle 54 gallon gallon J
try It after dinner with
the black coffee — it burns
AlmondS— shelled 30C
reg'ly 40c Ib — California
for jilting and fancy cookery
Finnan haddies i2^c
reg'ly 15c I b— boneless
Cigars
We have bit cigars in
these bran Js:— all Havana
Intimidad Bock & Co
High life Upn. ,i
Africana Carolina
Meridiana Rosa Aromatlta
Villar y Villar Comercial
You'll not tinJ so many nor such
large cigars in imported goods
elsewhere for a bit
Send postal for iliustmted catalogue
mail orders and inquiries have
prompt attention
432 Pine *3aSutter iSoo California San Fran.-!-.
10
CAPTAIN J. FRIEDMAN.