NOT RAISING THE SIEGE.
LONDON, Feb. 27.— Winston Churchill,
in a dispatch to the Morning Post from
Frere Camp, dated Sunday, says: -
"The idea that the Boers are raising the
siege of Ladysmith is premature. -The
advance Is being pursued In the face of
the most ' stubborn opposition and of
heavy loss. President Kruger*s grandson
is among the Boer killed." •
Mr. Churchill then proceeds to describe
the heavy fighting of Friday, In which the
Innlskilllngs approached within 500 yards
of the summit of a rocky Boer position
and then gallantly charged in the face of
a hall^of bullets. He" says:
"Aft^r repeated attempts, however, and
having lost heavily, they .recognized that
they were unable to prevail. Neverthe
less, they refused to retreat, but lay down
on the slope behind a shelter of walls.
The Connaughts and the Dublin Fusileers
were sent to their support, but the light
faded and the night closed In before th«
main attack had . developed."
m
TO DEFEND BLOEMFONTEIN.
¦ CAPE TOWN. Sunday, Feb. 25.— The
Boers are concentrating to defend Bloem
fontein. Lord Rosslyn, who has ob
tained a commission in the Thorneycroft
Horse, has gone to Join Sir Redvers
Buller.
COULD NOT MOUNT GUNS.
LONDON, Feb. 27.— A " dispatch to the
Daily - Chronicle ' from Paardeberg, dated
Friday,' February 23.'' says:
1 VGeneral; .Cronje's to -mount
funs was frustrated Iby our artillery."
CHINESE OBJECT TO
RAILWAY BUILDING
Four Thousand Native Troops Gather
to Resist the Advent of the
Germans. #
NEW YORK. Feb. 2C— A dispatch to th«
Herald from Peking says: John Fowler,
United States " Consul at Chefu, prov
ince of Shantung, announces that four
thousand native troops have gathered on
the border route of the new German rail
way to await the arrival of the German
troops. The natives are determined to re
sist the construction of the, railroad.
Alcalde at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 28.— The sealing
schooner Alcalde arrived in port to-day
from British Columbia for, water and pro
visions. She has 120 seal pelts aboard
hourly growing worse. British
engineers are sapping up to his
position from both sides of the
river, making regular siege
trenches, which will bring the
British closer to the Boers daily
until they are near enough to
make an assault. Lord Roberts'
guns now command every point
of the Boer position. One thing
seems clear— that Cronje took
away with him the big guns that
used to reply to Methuen's na
val weapons along the Modder
River. That is no small feat fof
itself, for if they could be taken
back to Pretoria they would
strengthen materially the defense
of that city.
CHIEF LINCHWO
MADE REPRISALS
LOURENZO MARQUES. Monday, Feb.
2S. — A dispatch from Gaberones, dated
Thursday, Feburary 22, Bays:
"Chief Linchwo has reported that' he
made' reprisals from the Boers near
Sequanl, killing a few men and capturing
several wagons and oxen. There were
some casualties on both sides. "'tJCQnKSS
• "The Boers at Crocodiie-' Pool- notified
Colonel Plumer that, f earins: the natives
would : attack the wounded, they had
placed ' their hospital within' the -laager.
Colonel Plumer replied that the ambu
lance Would of course be respected,, but
the Boers, he said, could not expect good
behavior from the natives while they were
invading the territory of the natives."
LUMSDEN'S HORSE
DEPARTS FOR THE WAR
CALCUTTA, Feb. 26.— The departure, of
Lumsden's Horse to South Africa to-day
was a .brilliant event. Immense crowds
assembled to bid the troops farewell, the
docks were profusely decorated and the
highest officials were present, the Viceroy
and Lady Curzon arriving. In state. Lady
Curzon received a royal welcome. In his
farewell-speech the Viceroy said: .
"You go as the tide of fortune seems. to
have turned inTo'ur favor.' May it carry
you on its crest to Pretoria." .
CRONJE'S MEN WOULD
NOT LET HIM SURRENDER
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— Even If General
Cronje wanted to surrender his men would
not let him do so. -Every one is deter
mined to fight to the bitter end. There
fore American newspapers are in error
when they state. that the. general is fool
hardy In resisting so desperately.
... ; "Remember, Majuba," the British Battlecry.
LONDON, Feb. 26.— 1t is said that Lord Roberts : and
GeneVal Buller. have concerted together to strike heavy
home -blows on' February 27, the, anniversary of the defeat
of the' British at Majuba HIIL in the British-Boer war of ISSL
"Remember Majuba," the Boer Inspiration. ¦
' PRETORIA, Feb.- 26.— President Kruger has proclaimed
February 27 as a day of thanksgiving and prayer. The day
is the anniversary of the -defeat of the British at Majuba
Hill, Feb. 27, 18817 which ended the last Transvaal war.
The Ascent of Majuba Saturday Night.
The 'Descent, of Majuba Sunday Morning:.
(From the London Illustrated News, 1881.)
THE ANNIVERSARY OF MAJUBA, FEBRUARY 27. 1881.
Goschen Declares the Peace Con
vention at The Hague a Thing
of the Past so Far as War
ships Are Concerned.
In Introducing the Naval Estimates in the
Commons the First J-ord of the Admiralty
Says Great Britain Must Keep Up With
the Pace Set by Other Powers.
T ONDON, Feb. 26.— 1n tntrodncms
1 the naval estimates In the House of
I Commons to-day Mr. George J.
I j Goschen, the First Lord of the Ad
miralty, said there was nothing
spasmodic or sensational therein. The
total; with the expected additions, would
be £30,000,000. There had been complaints
that the estimates would be sensational,
but the Government fully realized the sit
uation and knew the nation expected the
navy to be prepared for all emergencies,
and the estimates were framed on that
footing. Nothing, he continued, had
been put down for the mobilization of the
fleet. If mobilization should be necessary
the Government would not hesitate to mo
bilize and come to Parliament for the
money, but he thought the time had not
arrived for taking that course and ho
hoped it would not arrive.
Continuing. Mr. Goschen said that Great
Britain was not menaced by any naval
power. Europe knew her strength and
the number of ships she possessed. There
werf» times when a demonstration was ad
visable, but the Government did not think
It advisable upon this occasion/
..Goschen also said that hereafter ships
of the reserve squadron, instead of going
singly for' firing practice, would act to
gether and adopt protective tactics in ad
dition. Regarding the export of coal. Mr.
Goschen announced that the Government
could rot prohibit it unless at war with
a foreign power or In an emergency very
different from the present one. The Ad
miralty, he farther asserted, was consid
ering how It could.orgapL?fi.anaval_re
serve In conjunction with the colonies. H«
explained that with an adequate organi
zation* ', the Government could get a very
valuable contingent from Canada and
Australia. The negotiations with Canada
wers very well advanced. Canada asked
that the period of training be reduced,
hut a final decision on the subject had not
been reached.
Dealing with the construction of fresh
Ironclads. Mr. Goschen remarked that
The Hague convention already seemed a
thing 6f the past. When the peace con
ference was called he suggested that pos
sibly the beginning of further building of
battleships might be suspended with the
view of ascertaining the sentiments of
the conference. Great Britain alone, he
added, suggested a reduction of arma
ments, but nothing was done, and In the
six months since the conference more gi
gantic programmes stretching forward
eight, sixteen and eighteen years had been
put forward than ever before had entered
the minds of the powers. Great Britain
proposed to spend In 1900-1301 £8.460,000;
Russia £4.300.000 and France £4454,009. the
two latter countries spending £8.454.000,
or £6000 less than Great Britain. The re
port of the French naval committee had
asserted that the material was 40 per cent
and labor 10 per cent higher in Franca
than in England, and Mr. Goschen there
for© Judged that the cost of shipbuilding
In France and Russia nveraged 20 per
cent dearer than in Great Britain.
"Therefore." he explained, "our expen
diture of £8,460,000 gives Great Britain an
advantage of £1.700,000, or enough to
build an additional Ironclad and a cruiser.
These large foreign programmes must
not alarm the country, but we must keep
abreast of these great developments or
naval power which have occurred not
only In Europe, but In the United States
and Japan."
WORK OF FUSILEERS.
LONDON. Feb. 27.— The Times has th«
following from Pietermarltzbergr. dated
Friday, February 23:
"The Dublin Fuslleers have again dis
tinguished themselves by volunteering to
take Groebler's Kloof, which they did.
This gallant . battalion, which began the
campaign 850 strong, can to-day be said
to muster on parade only between 100 and
200 of its original members."
In Memory of Majuba Hill.
LONDON. Feb. 27.— The Pretoria Gov
ernment has proclaimed February 25 and
February 27 days of thanksgiving and
prayer, presumably In memory of the bat
tle of Majuba Hill.
WITH CANADIAN TROOPS.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 26.— The Canadian
transport Pomeranian, from Halifax Jan
uary 25 with another contingent of Cana
dian troops on board, lias arrived here.
?
BOERS HOVER NEAR.
LONDON, Feb. 27.— A dispatch from
Paardeberg, dated • Friday, to the Times
says that several thousand Boers ara
hovering In that neighborhood.
BOERS ASSEMBLE NEAR BLOEMFONTEIN
TO DISPUTE THE BRITISH INVASION
w ONDON, Feb. 27, 4:20 a. m.— The Boers are assembling an army near Bloemfontein with which to
JL-*/ dispute the invasion of Lord Roberts. This intelligence comes from. Pretoria by way of Lou
renzo Marques. The commandos 'are described as "hastening from all quarters of the two repub
lics." No estimate is made of their numbers, but the withdrawal of the Boers from most of the places
where they have been in contact with the British, . except the district near Ladysmith, may raise the re
sisting force. to 30,000 men. This .figure assumes that the Boers have between 60,000 and 70,000
; men in* the field. The gathering of this army across the path of Lord Roberts , gives significance to Gen
eral Cronje's j steadfast defense. He has engaged the corps of Lord Roberts for ten days now, andwhether
he is relieved or not he has given time for. the dispersed Boer factions to get together and prepare posi
tions to receive the British advance when Cronje is overcome and Lord Roberts moves forward. ¦
¦'It' is. difficult to conceive .that the Boers are strong enough to take the offensive and to rescue
General Cronje from his precarious situation.
The War Office had nothing after midnight to indicate his collapse, and he. may hold out for a
few. days. The correspondents seem to have no exact information respecting his resources. Some say:
he has plenty of food, ; but is short ' of ,• ammunition.' . Others' assert that ' he abandoned . his • food supplies
but kept abundant^ supplies of cartridges.,' -f" , ''*?'" ~ * '
i This statement was. made to a reporter
by, Philip ! Lenter Wessels of Bloemfon
tein, .brother- 'of- the President of the
jVolksraad of the Orange Free State, who
arrived, hero several days ago to raise
funds for Boer widows and orphans.
! "And even if General Cronje's forces
should surrender," added "Mr. Wessels,
,"that would not: end the war. We have
done- the British no wrong and we have
never -deserved the underhanded tricks
they. have employed upon us since the
first."
George W. Van Slclen, president of the
American-Boer Council, announces that
he .has,: just forwarded $2000 for Boer
widows and orphans -to Treasurer C. de
Villiers of the Afrikander Committee of
the Legislature at Cape Colony.
LONDON, Feb. 27.— The Dally
Mail has the following dispatch
from Paardeberg, dated Sunday:
"There are about 4000 beleaguered
¦ in General Cronje's camp, exclu-
Ei%-e of the losses he has jiltherto
sustained. His wife is not with
him, although there are women and
children in the cam;,.
"The Boer position is now almost
exclusively confined to the river
bed. The enemy are entirely at .
our mercy, but Lord Roberts is
treating them with great consider
ation from motives of humanity."
The memory of. Majuba Hill Is cherished by both Briton and Boer— by the former to avenge the disgrace, and by the
latter as an inspiration to like deeds. The nineteen years that have elapsed since, that- eventful . and,, for .the British^
direful ;day have • cooled none of the that were then engendered.. Majuba Hill Is a prominent
and peculiar,, height, a few miles south of the Transvaal border, standing 2000: fee t-above the: plain; below and 7000 feet
above.; the. level, of the sea. On 'his' defeat at Laing's Nek a short time before,' Sir George Colley, the British commander,
decided upon occupying the summit pf Majuba, as giving him an Impregnable position,.. commanding all the approaches
to and from the Transvaal. On Saturday night, February 26," with detachments from the -Gordon Highlanders, the Rifle
Brigade, ¦ the Fifty-eighth Regiment and. the Naval Brigade, he ascended and occupied the top of the hill, . which Is a
plateau, about 1000 yards long, with a saucer-like depression in the center. They were attacked at. daylight by a force of
Boers under General Joubert, and after five hours' hard and Incessant fighting, during which they lost more than half of
their number, the British; troops broke and fled. Sir George Colley was killed as he^followed his men, and Sir Hector Mac-
Donald, now commanding the Highland Brigade, with Lord Roberts, was taken prisoner. Many 'other British officers. of
prominence," in "the present war were' at'Majuba Hill, as were many, of the- rank and file now fighting in South Africa.
General Sir Redvers Buller was then on the staff of General. Sir Evelyn Wood, the' commander in chief of the British
forces, and took part in 'the negotiations and signing of the treaty of peace which followed on March 10 and ended
Each Side Will Make Herculean Efforts To- Day to Crown the Event With a Victory That Will
Go Down in History.
ANNIVERSARY DAY OF THE BATTLE OF MAJUBA HILL
LONDON, Feb. 27.— The War Office has
pcccivcd the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts :
"PAARDEBERG, Feb. 27, 7:45 a. m.—Gen
eral Cronje and all of his force capitulated
unconditionally at daylight and are now
prisoners in my camp. The strength of his
force will be communicated later. 1 hope
that her Majesty's Government will con
eider this event satisfactory, occurring as
it does on the anniversary of Majuba."
LONDON, Feb. 27.—Dis
patches containing lists of
casualties were the only of
ficial news received from Gen
eral Roberts yesterday, and
idown to a late hour this morning
the situation at Paardeberg, with
Cronje securely held prisoner,
was apparently unchanged.
The precise point reached by
General Buller in his fourth ad
vance toward Ladysmith is not
known, but he is reported to
have made substantial progress
during the last few days. His ad-
vance has evidently been attend
ed by severe fighting, as the cas
ualty lists issued yesterday by
the War Office show that on
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
he lost eight officers killed,
thirty-four wounded and one
missing. Not a single word as
to these encounters has yet been
received.
All the war correspondents
agree that the last position which
has to be carried before Lady
smith is reached by the relief
force is an exceedingly strong
one, and will likely cost the Brit
ish heavy losses. The Boers are
making a desperate fight, but
unless they know that the Lady
smith garrison are utterly unable
to co-operate with Buller, which
may be the case, they are run
ning great risks* in contesting
ground with strong British
forces in front of them and an
other in their rear.
In well-informed circles it is
thought that no official word is
likely to be received of the Na
tal fighting until the last and
hardest struggle to gain the
great ridge south of Ladysmith
has been decided.
There were the usual rumors
at the clubs last night that
Cronje had surrendered, but the
War Office announced after mid
night that it knew nothing of
this reported collapse.
From Ladysmith come reports
that the Free Staters have left
the neighborhood and that the
Boers are retreating. Yet it is
firmly believed here that the
hardest fighting of the entire
war confronts both Roberts and
Buller. The Daily News has a
dispatch from Lourenzo Mar
ques which states that 5000
burghers have left Ladysmith
for the Free State; that the
Boers are concentrating thirty
miles outside of Bloemfontein;
that the Free State Government
is moving to Winburg, and that
reinforcements from all parts are
pressing through Bloemfontein
hourly. President Steyn, ac
cording to this story, has tele
graphed President Kryger that
Lord Roberts is within a few
hours of Bloemfontein, and urges
that every male, irrespective ,of
nationality, should be comman
deered. President Steyn is said to
favor peace.
According to unofficial re
ports which reach London the
Boer commander's position is
UNCONDITIONAL SURRENDER
OF GRONJE IS ANNOUNCED
LONDON, Feb. 27, 8 a. m. — It is officially announced that General Cronje surrendered with his whole
army unconditionally at dawn this morning.
VOLUME LXXX^TI— NO. 89.
PRICE FIVE CENTS..
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1900.
The San Francisco Call.
I 'LONDON, Feb. 26.— The War Of
fice to-day issued an additional list
of the casualties sustained by the
Fifth Brigade, under General Bul
ler, February 23 and 24, which in
cludes seven officers killed, twenty
three wounded and one missing:.
General Buller's death lists con
tain the names of three lieutenant
colonels— Thackeray of the First
Royal Innlskllling Fusiliers, Still
well of the Second Royal Dublin
Fusiliers and Thorold of the Royal
Welsh Fusiliers.
An additional list of the British
casualties at Paardeberg, February
18, is issued and gives a lieuten
ant and eight men killed, a lieuten
ant and seven men missing and
thirty-eight men wounded.Stops the Coufth and Works Off the Cold.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne : Tablets ¦ cure a cold
In one day. No cure, no pay. Price 25c.
CAPE NOME.
Every man, woman and child fitting out for the North finds it
profitable to buy supplies and outfit at the great
CLEARANCE SALE.
Housekeepers find a gold mine at home. No maho believe,
but pay dirt at every step. Seemed yesterday as though the whole pop-
ulation was out in force, and yet the bargains are not diminished. So
many goods not often found under one roof. Save from $2 to $8 on
your wool dress.
YOU SAVE MONEY ON EVERYTHING.
2-oz. Star Beef Extract, each 20c Save 60 per cent on Underwear.
4-or. Star Beef Extract, each... 33e s^v* «tt n*r r» n . «« piiv...
Van Camp 1 . Catsup, half-pint 10c Ba% eS« per cent on Ribbons.
Van Camp's Catsup, pints...". 17c Save 10 to 40 per cent on Dry Goods.
I>e Bengali Olive Oil. Imported, large quarts, Save 10 to 75 i-er cent on Shoes.
Class* regular $1 23 S2c Save 25 to 60 per cent on Toys. '.
Le Bengali Olive Oil., imported, large pint*. Save 60 per cent on Girls' Cape«.
Bfrfot nirimpor?;d"sardin;".V%'B,"each::::nc Save 60 per cent on Ladies' Capes.
Ilasty Jellyjcon. delicious dessert, package.... 7c Save M P* 2l " cent °n Bargain Lou.
O. I. C. Hard Water Soap. S3 for $100
f-tollwerk's Cocoa, none better, %» 14c 1
• 'rowo Shoe Drerslng ..: 7c Save 60 per cent on Nome Purs.
Whltmore's Nobby Brown Shoe Dressing.... 14c g av<> no ver cent m Packing Htr»ns
Whitmore's Gilt Edge Shoe Dressing Me |! *<* ~r «n nt» , Btraps -
I>eehnut Bacon. In glass l»c Sa% e49 per cent on Overcoats.
Jligh Grade Green Coffee... mic Save 20 *¦» 5° Per cent on Clothlnp.
High Grade Roost Coffee 15c Save big money on Carpet and Matting.
Maine Sweet Corn, per dor 95c Save on Linoleum and Oil Cloth.
Fancy New Crop Almonds lie
Large bottles Eastern Catsup lie .
Fmall bottles Eastern Catsup 7c '? , ¦¦:
¦'<>l*"brated Hard Water Soap, box TOo jjltu ffH <» — « — — •¦¦ fjß* .^BBk fl
Condensed Milk, well-known brand 7>4c 832k jO^^S P9 fisL.
Kaney CherrTEtone - Oysters lie YnSgL Rg^jj &" iff sB, JRJ lßß^. '
Christmas .Strings, per box 5c S HE3 fa BZ B
10 Ib« Extra Eastern. Buckwheat 25c .. — - *™ ••^¦_-. fR -¦¦: . ™? : ,- . ,?
JVn'-y H-jf-Rirlnr Buckwheat, t tt»s 10c jjT\ m«\l| • r& W»
Comb Honey, rxtrs flne guallty 10c /*%?% Brß Sfc 1^ • ¦ fr^ fr^
Gkßatae Fidelity Bluing, box «c | w A'N^BK .%•_ l^W •% Wm
WICKERSHAM SAYS HIS
MIND WAS UNBALANCED
Files a Suit to Prevent the Distri
bution of His Father's
. Estate.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 26.— A civil suit was
begun ,to-day by Frank. P. Wickersham
against Fred "Wlckersham, Lizzie Wicker
sham and Mrs. Mary Bergevln, the heirs
of J.'.'G. Wickersham and wife, and the
California Safe Deposit and Tryst Com
pany. The complainant alleges that at
the time of the making of the agreement
by Frank Wickersham for *2S,000, whereby
he gave up his interest in his father's and
mother's estate, he was of unsound mind
and incompetent to enter into this agree
ment and remained in this condition for
five months after. k ' .*¦ ¦
He charges that his brothers and sister
took advantage of his failing and he asks
the court to restrain the California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company from giv
ing up the papers now. ill Its possession
relative to this case.
Light Companies Consolidate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. . 28.— Marysvllle's
two lighting systems 'were consolidated
under- new management ' to-day. The
Marysvllle Gas and Electric Company,
which for many years was. controlled by
the late E. E. Knight, is to remain intact
and has >¦ absorbed- all local opposition.
The company by its new board of direct
ors has ; contracted with the Yuba Elec
tric Power Company, to furnish electric
current -.¦ for ¦ the consolidated system of
lighting, the latter concern to devote it
self to power " alone hereafter. The new
board of directors Is comprised of John
Martin, president; Henry Malloch, secre
tary; E. J. de Sabla, vi.ce president; F. H,
Pierson, A. C. Bingham and W. H. Parka.
Oriental Freight Ref used.
SAN: DIEGO, Feb. ; 26.— The steamer
Strathgyle, on her first voyage to this port
and the largest steamer of the California
and % Oriental * line, •, arrived ¦¦ at ~ quarantine
this ; morning and, although ; she did not
go ; near ' the wharves at Honolulu, where
she , loaded r 325 Japanese . passengers, . she
is being, carefully fumigated at . the sta
tion, here.: She had on board some freight
from the : Orient for Honolulu, but the
authorities refused to allow it landed and
it was brought here with : 6000 tons more,"
also consigned to this port.' All are well
onboard. . ,- . .'¦¦:. '
SOLD WARES
FOR A PUBLIC
IMPROVEMENT
Palo Alto Woman's Club
Holds a'Mardi Gras;
Market.
Proceeds Will Form the Nucleus of
a Fund for Keeping. the City's
¦ Streets Free From
Rubbish.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO. Feb. 28.— The Palo Alto
Woman's Club has'added village Improve
ment to Its ; long list of benevolent and
public spirited enterprises. It has started
out to assist -the city -fathers in cleaning
and beautifying the streets and >4 public
parks, v The public school grounds are to
be laid out in lawns and ornamental trees;
gutters and sidewalks will be freed from"
accumulations' of trash, and rubbish
boxes will be ? placed r at convenient cor
ners. . Should a, stray piece of .paper
chance to, blow down the town's classic
streets it will be quickly seized upon and
Jammed relentlessly, beneath the cover
of a rubbish box. ;
¦" To raise necessary funds, the ladles
took advantage of, the season to, hold, a
Mardi Gras market In the handsome new
Parkinson buildlng_on University avenue.
Dutch women, French ' peasants and
Spanish vendors, with ' all sorts of mar
ketable _products, made a gay and busy
scene. The doors were opened early Sat
urday r morning, and so great was _ the
rush of patrons that by noon most or
the h tails - were ¦ bought * out. It •• was *an
opportunity to procure delicacies for Sun
day dinners' of which busy , housewives
were glad to »avan themselves.:;' _ -
When the. market women counted the
proceeds from their sales it was found
FOLLOWED THE SLATE.
Supervisors Give Out Positions at
San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 26.— The Board of Su
pervisors elected officers and employes for
the various county institutions to-day.
With the exception of the re-election of
W J Walcott as superintendent of the
almshouse and Newton Jackson as Janitor
of the Hall of Records there was. a clean
sweep This was the first chance to do
Politics for the coming spring and fall
elections, and Supervisors Stern. Rea,
Austin and Cottle took Jim Rea's pro
gramme like little soldiers. Two of the
directors of the Union Savings Bank who
have acted as "man Fridays to Rea In
his administration of that insolvent Insti
tution—Dr. Simpson and T. B. Caldwell—
are given positions. The officers elected
of almshause.- W, _ J.
Walcott; physician at almshouse. Dr.
William Simpson; superintendent, county
infirmary. T. B. Caldwell: Physician
county infirmary. Dr. J. D. Crrlssein.
county health officer. Dr. M. A. South
worth; city physician. Dr. P. La Spada,
Janitor courthouse, William Curtis; Jani
tor Hall of Records, Newton Jackson:
night watchman at courthouse, Daniel
Ryan.
FERRARO ELECTROCUTED.
New York Law Avenges the Murder
¦ :-)-S :of Luciene Mucho.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— Antonio Ferraro
was electrocuted at Sing Sing prison to
day for the murder of Luciene Mucho in
Brooklyn on April 4. 1898. The electric
current was turned on at 8:20 a. m. and
five shocks were administered before the
attending physicians were satisfied that
he was dead. He was pronounced dead
at 8:28 a. m.
The murder of Mucho was the result of
a quarrel over a fancied wrong on the
part of Ferraro. The quarrel led to blows
and Ferraro was being roughly handled
by Mucho, when he suddenly drew a razor
and, seizing Mucho around the body, cut
his throat, Fevering the Jugular vein.
Mucho died almost Instantly.
Chaigneau Indicted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Feb." 26.— Last' Saturday after
noon the Grand Jury returned an indict
ment in the Superior Court of this county
against Paul Chaigneau, charging him
with embezzlement. Chaigneau was up
to last June City Marshal of Napa, to
which office he had been elected time and
time again by his friends. Shortly after
his last race for Marshal, the City Treas
urer and City Council found upon investi
gation that Chalirneau. was short in his
accounts with the city to the extent of
$2200. This sum he appropriated to his
own use, but after the discovery was
made he paid all the money back and
resigned his office. The defendant was
arraigned in the Superior Court to-day,
but the case was continued. until March
5. Chaigneau has furnished bonds in the
sum of $2500. He Is at present working in
San Francisco.
War Against Bats.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA, Or.. Feb. 26.— A number of
the leading physicians of this city have
Issued a public statement calling upon the
citizens of Astoria and vicinity to exter
minate all the rats in the city for the
purpose of preventing the spread of the
bubonic plague should that disease be
brought here by any of the trans-Pacific
liners. Rats are the greatest carriers of
the disease, the statement says, and
should any cases of the plague develop
here the rodents would carry it idnto
every household. Wholesale poisoning is
§lanned. The statement- is signed by
tate Health Officer Fulton, City Physi
cian Henderson," Quarantine Officer Hast
ings, Surgeon Skinner, U. 8. A., of Fort
Stevens, and a number of other local
physicians.
Noted Theater Burned.
i LONDON, Feb. 26— The Grand Theater,
Islington, where Henry Irving and other
actors have been in th© habit of begin
ning provincial tours, was gutted by fire
this morning. Arson ' is suspected. The
theatrical wardrobes and properties were
lost. . .
Suicide at Napa.
NAPA. Feb. 26.— Mrs. Mary E. Frazer,
wife of Dr. W. W. Fraaer of Kennett.
Shasta County, committed suicide in the
State Hospital this morning by hansinsr.
She had been in the asylum sine© May,
IS9S.
Arizona Wants Statehood.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.— Senator Clark
of Wyoming to-day introduced a bill for
the admission of Arizona as a State.
ADMITS THAT
BALLOT BOXES
ARE STUFFED
Senator Tillman Speaks on
Race Conditions in the
South. •
Negroes Shot Down in Order to Main
p tain the Supremacy of the White
V Population at the
Foils.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— Formal dis
cussion of the right of former Senator
Quay to a seat in the Senate as a member
from Pennsylvania was begun to-day by
Turley of Tennessee. He presented a
constitutional argument against the seat
ing of Quay, which was given close at
tention" by his colleagues. He will con
clude his speech to-morrow. ..-' . j
Consideration of the Hawaiian govern
ment bill brought out a lively discussion
between Tillman of South Carolina and
Spooner of Wisconsin, ln> which the
former admitted that ballot boxes had
been stuffed and negroes had been shot
In the South to maintain white domina
tion. An amendment was made to the
bill striking out the property qualification
of voters for members of the Legislature,
but little other progress was made.
The general debate in the House upon
claimed, in utter and fraudulent disre
gard of their rights, and against the vote
and protest of Thomas Lynch and H. C.
Frick, the two other members of the
board of directors, and well knowing that
the price of coke was then upward of $3
a ton, the majority of the directors of the
coke company voted to the steel company
a contract for all the coke it would use
for five years, commencing Ja nuary l^
1900, amounting approximately to 2,500,ww
tons a year, or about a third of the en
tire product of the coke company, at the
price of Jl 35 a ton.
Contract Repudiated.
The plaintiffs charge that In truth and
in fact no such agreement to sell Its prod
ucts to the steel company as is pretended
as the excuse for making said contract
and no agreement whatsoever for deliver
ies through a period of years, or at. the
price named in the pretended contract,
was at any time made byjhe > coke com
pany or by any ona authorized to act on
its behalf; and the pretense thereof is
only the creation of Directors Moreland.
Gayley. Clemson and Morrison, with Car
negie and Lauder acting in the interest
of Carnegie and the steel company; and
they so made said contract only for the
benefit of said Carnegie and themselves
as members of the steel company, and In
bad faith to the interest of all other
stockholders of the coke company.
Willis F. Cook of counsel for the
coke company said to-night -that while
the bill asked for an injunction, this point
would not be insisted upon until the case
went to final hearing. The coke company
would continue furnishing coke to the
steel company as at present until the ca»e
was decided, when an adjustment would
be made.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 26.— Marcus
Daly, the millionaire miner of
Montana, was the principal
witness before the Senate Com
mittee on Privileges and Elec-,
tions to-day. He was on the ; stand for
about two hours, and at the expiration
of that time was excused on the plea that
he was not well and that the questioning
process fatigued him. Daly confessed
that he had contributed $20,000 or $25,000 to
the prosecution of this case, but asserted
that he had not entered into any con
spiracy before Clark's election to injure
him. He had not contributed any of the
$20,000 used in the Whiteside exposure. In
conclusion he tendered his checks and
checkbooks for inspection by the com
mittee. Clark listened attentively -to
Daly's testimony. '
Daly said he had contributed to the
campaign when it was organized to the>
extent of about $4600 and later to the ex
tent of $2500; also $500 in Deer Lodge
County and $250 on various other occa
sions. He had never, he said, sought to
compel miners employed by him to vote
according to his sentiments. As to White
side, he said he had given him nothing
for the purpose of defeating Clark.
"Did you ever during the session of the
Legislature give any money toward the
deieat of Mr. Clark?"
"No, I did not; not one dollar," he re
plied.
Liberal Contributions.
Daly was asked as to the $30,000 which
is on deposit with the committee and is
alleged to have been bribe, money. He
said he knew nothing about this money
and had nothing to do with advancing it,
as had been intimated.
"Are you one of the contributors toward
this prosecution?" he was asked.
"Yes," answered Daly.
"He wont on to say -that after Clark s
nomination Clark had charged ,that he
was the subject of a "conspiracy, and as
Clark courted an investigation Daly said
he concluded to permit the matter, to be
thoroughly investigated. Daly said that
Campbell. Whiteslde and several others
of the State Committee were those who
joined him in prosecuting this case. There
was to be a contribution to cover expenses
for hiring lawyers, expenses of witnesses,
etc. •
"How much have you contributed thus
far?" asked Hoar. . .
"I have not the checks." he replied, but
it amounts to between $20,000 and $25,000.
Faulkner directed the cross-examina
tion. Hia first question related to Daly s
participation In various local elections of
Montana. This, the witness said, did not
extend beyond Silver Bow and Deer
Lodge counties, as his business interests
took him there most. He knew little as to
what was going on elsewhere beyond
what he saw in the papers.
Daly said he did ; not know the
other contributors to the campaign except
that he understood Clark gave $500. As to
the campaign in Silver Bow, he thought
the candidates furnished most of the
money. He had given $2600 to Silver Bow
and the candidates had taken care of the
rest. . . , . ¦' ¦ ¦ .
"That was a small contribution," said
Faulkner: ¦
"Yes," answered Daly: "I was not much
interested."
"Then, when you are interested," pur
sued Faulkner, "you pull out more
freely?" .
"It depends how much I am interested,"
answered Daly. :-s.y-:.?
*,^ Opened Wide the Sack.
Daly said his secretary had made the
advance to prosecute this case. He him
self was sick, so that after being present
at the conference when the agreement to
contribute was made he told his secretary
to advance the sums to Campbell as It
became necessary. He did riot place a
DALY ON THE STAND AS
WITNESS AGAINST CLARK
the Porto Rican tariff bill was to-day ex
tended until to-morrow night. Interest
centered in the conferences which were
going on among the Republican leaders
and the dissenting Republicans in their
efforts to compromise their differences
upon the Mil.
ORTIZ GRANT INVALID.
Supreme Court Decision Involving
New Mexican Land.
•WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day reversed
the opinion of the Court of Private Land
Claims In the case of the United States
vs. Ortiz. Involving title to a land grant
in Santa Fe county. New Mexico. The
grant Is variously described as containing
from 33.000 to 100,000 acres of land. The
court below held the grant to be valid,
but the Supreme Court held that the
claimants had failed to establish the
genuineness of the grant, and therefore
reversed th© opinion.
Chinese May Land.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— The Tnltert
States Supreme Court to-day affirmed the
decision of the District Court for the
State of "Washington In the rase of the
United States vs. Mrs. Gue Lim and
other Chinese, whom it was sought to ex
clude under the exclusion laws. The de
cision holds that they were not subject
to exclusion under the law. All the per
sons affected were related to Chinese en
titled to be here, and the decision of the
court Is to the effect that on this account
certificates are not necessary to entitle
them to land.
that quite a large sum could be put in
the hands of the improvement commit
tee.
CARNEGIE COMPANY
ACCUSED OF FRAUD
Charged With Robbing Stockholders
of a Coke Concern of Which It
Has Gained' Control.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 25. —John
Walker, guardian of Andrew Carnegie
Wilson. S. L. Schoomaker and John
Pontefract. on behalf of themselves and
such other stockholders of the H. C. Frick
Company as may choose to join in the suit
as plaintiffs, filed the much-talked-of bill
in equity to annul the contract with the
coke company by the Carnegie Steel Com
pany. Limited, in Common Pleas Court
No. 2 late this afternoon. The action Is
remotely connected with the trouble now
existing between H. C. Frick. former
chairman of the Carnegie Steel Company,
Limited, and Andrew Carnegie, and was
precipitated by the filing of Frick'e bill In
t-quity in Common Pleas Court No. 1 to
secure an accounting of the affairs of
the Carnegie Steel Company. Limited.
In the case the plaintiffs seek to re
strain the defendants by injunction from
celling, shipping or delivering any coke
to the Carnegie Steel Company, Limited,
under a contract dated January 1, 1&99, at
a. price of $1 25 a ton, the contract to run
for a period of five years, and from set
tling with the steel company for coke al
ready delivered under contract. It is also
tisked that the court annul the contract
and order an accounting.
The plaintiffs allege fraud in the ob
taining of the coke contract and accuse
a majority of the board of directors of
the coke company of working solely for
the interest of the Carnegie Steel Com
pany. Limited, with the purpose of cheat-
Ing and defrauding all stockholders of the
coke company not members of the steel
company. It is claimed that if the con
tract be carried out the Flick Coke Com
pany will have to refund to the steel com
pany $096,000 on account of coke sold to
the steel company during the year 1899,
and during the year 1900 it will cause . a
lo6s to the coke company of not less than
$4,000,000.
Carnegie Controls the Company. •
The capital of the coke company is
$10,000,000. and it is set "forth in the com
plaint that the ownership of a majority
of the 6hares has enabled the Carnegie
6teel Company, Limited, and Carnegie to
select their nominees as directors of the
coke company and dominate and control
their action. -
Some time in the year 1899. it is stated.
the steel company and Carnegie set up the
pretense that the coke company had con
tracted to sell to it coke at $1 35 a ton.
After this came to the knowledge of the
president of the coke company he sub
mitted it for the consideration of the
board of directors at their meeting on Oc
tober 25. 1899, and thereupon the board
passed the following resolutions:
Resolved. That the president be authorized
and instructed to notify the Carneglti Steel
Company (limited) that the existence of any
contract la denied and that no claim to «ettle
in accordance with the term* of the alleged
contract for past, present or fatura deliveries
of coket to the said Carnegie Steel Company
(limited) waa recognized or entertained by this
company.
Previous to January, 1900, the board of
directors of the coke company was com
posed of five men. Upon that date, at a
meeting of the stockholders of the com
pany the membership of the board was
increased to seven, and Thomas Lynch,
H. C. Frick, George Lauder, James Gay
'ley, Andrew D. Moreland, D. M. Clemson
and Thomas Morrison were elected mem
bers. They. now compose the board of di
rectors of the coke company, Lauder,
Gayley, Moreland, Clemson and Morrison
being also members of the board of man
agers of the steel company. ; •;¦•
Directors Own No Stock.
Prior to January 9, 1900, it is said, nei
ther Gayley, Moreland, Clemson nor Mor
rison were owners of any stock in the
coke company, and were interested there
in only by virtue of their interests In the
steel company. About this date five
shares of the coke company stock was
transferred to each of these men by the
steel company. These shares, it is as
serted, are still the property of the steel
company* and the transfers were made at
the dictation of the steel company and
Carnegie for the purpose of qualifying
them as directors. It is asserted that they
were so placed as to manage the coke
company in the Interest of the other
stockholders of the coke company who
were not members of the steel company,
and especially so that the product of the
coke company might be sold at prices far
below the face value of any market price
thereof, so as to benefit the steel company
at the expense of the coke company. Car
negie's interest being much greater in the
steel company.
During the year 1599 the coke company
furnished the steel company with all its
coke. While the market price of coke
eteadlly advanced, coke was sold to the
steel company at prices ranging from $1 45
per ton for January, February and March,
1899, and $1 75 for December 1899, the ship
ments being 2,233,764 tons, all of which has
been paid for.
To carry out the purpose for which they
were selected and to secure for them
selves and Carnegie an advantage as
members of the steel company, it is
Marcus Daly, the Political Rival of Clark.
Marcus Daly Is big, broad-shouldered, deep-chested and powerful. Ho is 6
feet tall, weighs 225 pounds and has the muscles of an athlete. He is of the
mercurial and choleric Irish temperament, genial to friends, vindictive to an
enemy, quick of speech and given to a lusty swear word on occasions. His
carelessness of dress, his friends say, reflects his disinclination to master de
tails of business, at which he looks only In Its larger aspects.
RECEIVERS APPOINTED
FOR THE FLOUR TRUST
Financial Collapse of the Great Com
bine Which Controlled Mills in
MILWAUKEE, Wls., Feb. 26.— The
United States Milling Company, generally
known as the flour trust, collapsed yester
day afternoon, but the fact did not be
come known until to-day, when Judge
Jenkins, In proceedings ancillary to the
United States Court of New Jersey, ap
pointed three receivers for the company,
two of whom are now in charge of the
property. The receivers are: Daniel
Thomas of New York, Charles E. Kim
ball of Summit, N. J., and Albert C. Lor
lng of Minneapolis. The collapse of the
company was due, it is said, to inability
to float its securities on the open market.
In his complaint George William Ballou
of New Jersey, the stockholder who in
stitutes the suit in which the receivers are
appointed, makes the following statement
concerning the causes leading to the fall
ur» of the company:
In the organization of the company it had
been' hoped that sufficient means would be pro
vided tor the purchase or the property required
by the company and to supply sufficient work-
Ing capital to carry on its business by the sale
of Its first mortgage collateral gold bonds, but
because of the tight money market and the
depression In Industrial securities the company
was unable to carry out the plan and was
obliged to resort to borrowing money on Its
collateral trust bonds and otherwise urged to
secure a temporary loan by Its Issue of so
called trust bonds, and further, by the failure
of this plan, by borrowing In open market. The
money so borrowed constitutes the floating In
debtedness, which amounts to $1,095,508 08, of
which $149,365 Is due and $394,850 is on demand
loans.
Controlled Many Mills.
The United States Milling Company was
formed with a capital stock of $25,000,000
on April 27, 1899, having secured control of
the following flour milling property:
In Milwaukee, • the Daisy and Faist-
Kraus mills.
In Superior, the Lake Superior, the An
chor and the Listmann mills.
In west Superior, the Grand Republic,
the Freeman and the Minkota mills.
In Minneapolis, the Excelsior, the
Standard and St. Anthony mills, together
with 95 per cent of the capital stock of
the Northwestern Consolidated Milling
Company, which operates and owns five
big flour mills. .
In Duluth, the Imperial and the con
structed Terminal elevators.
In New York State, the Syracuse mills,
the Baldwlnsville mill, the Urban mill.
In New Jersey, 95 per cent of the Heck
er-Jones Milling Company, ¦ which owns
and operates four large mills.
To-day's proceedings will be insti
tuted in • every circuit where the com
pany owns property. The bond fixed by
the New Jersey court is $100,000 in each
case. Judge Jenkins requires the receiv
ers to give an additional bond of $25,000
each. While the original suit is in New
Jersey, the greatest litigation probably
will be in Wisconsin, as the majority of
the company's properties is in this State.
Ballou says he had made a 1a 1 careful in
vestigation of the affairs of the company
and is satisfied that it is wholly, insol
vent. The company. Mr. Ballou sets forth,
will be unable to meet any of Its obliga
tions as they mature. Its cash in the
bank is but $1000 and it has no bills or ac
counts receivable the proceeds of which
would be sufficient to meet the matured
and maturing obligations. ;•¦ >
INTENDS. TO BEOBGANIZE.
Proposed Rehabilitation of the Col
lapsed Combine.
' NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— The . United
States Milling Company was organized
last May with sixteen mills In the prin
cipal milling cities of, the country. 1 Last
year the ¦ bonds of the company took • a
tunable and . it was found that the' com
pany could not go on under Its manage
ment as then conducted. To add to com
plexities, the Hecker-Jones-Jewell Co.
stockholders, who had come into the con
solidation some time ago, brought a suit
looking to withdrawal.
On January 2, a reorganization commit
tee started at work to reorganize the
company. The members of this commit
tee are: General Thomas, Edwin Gould,
B. E. Simmons, W. Van Norden, Brayton
Ives, William L. Bell and Thomas Mcln
tyre. To-day was set as the limit date
for the deposit of stock for the reorgani
zation.
"This appointment of i receiver," I said
George Ballou, secretary of the organiza
tion committee, "was asked for by a
stockholder and was forced upon us by
creditors, but has been carried through
with the consent of the committee. It was
inevitable and the best thing to do. Just
about this time a large number of obli
gations are coming due, especially in the
West, and the receivership was the only
solution of the problem.
"It will help on the reorganization. It
will secure- stockholders who have been
holding out. The committee will now go
In and carry out Its scheme of reorgani
zation to the end without trouble. To-day
being the last day for the deposit of
stock for reorganization had nothing to
do with the appointment of the receiver.
The committee had already enough stock
in hand, together with the securities we
have made loans on and can force in, to
declare the plan of the reorganization op
erative." \,i
A meeting of the reorganization com
mittee was held this afternoon, but the
action taken by It could not be learned.
limit on the advances. He had kept no
personal account of It, but three or four
Says ago he telegraphed from New York
to the bookkeeper at Anaconda and
learned that the amount was $20,000 to $25,
000. He eaid his. promise to contribute was
made after Clark had accused him and
others of a "villainous coneplracy." Daly
explained his acquaintance with White
side, who had built a block at Butte for a
firm In which Daly.v was Interested.
Faulkner took the witness over the con
versation with Corbett and Daly denied
the conversation as given by Corbett. He
denied ever having . said that Clark's
friends would be sent to the penitentiary.
. "I have not the slightest personal feel
ing against Mr. Clark- or the members of
his family ," declared • Daly, "and any
statement of that kind is a villainous He."
Members of the committee sugjested
that' no testimony had been given that
Daly was" unfriendly to Clark's -family.'
"But I 'am dealing' with tnat chap's,
question," he replied, amid a roar at his
designation -of Faulkner as "that chap."
; Daly denied having authorized the send
ing .of Pat Conlan to Flathead County,
during the State campaign. He asserted
that he knew of no money having been
spent in the Legislature in the interest of
House bill No. 214. Daly said he thought
Tbble's estimate of the amount of money
expended in behalf of Anaconda In the
capital contest in 1594 was about right.
He had not handled the money, but he did
not believe the amount exceeded J350.000.
The companies which might be described .i
as subsidiary to the Anaconda company '
had given $200,000.
"Do you remember a conversation' you
had with J. R. Toole previous to the meet
ing of the Legislature, in which you said
you would put up $75,000 to beat Mr.
Clark?" he was asked. „
"I have never had such conversation
with Toole or any one else."
Daly then complained .of feeling ex
hausted on account of Illness and he was
excused.
THE SAN FRAXOIBOO CAIjIj, TUESDAY, FEBfttTABY 27, 1900,
Anaconda Millionaire Admits That He
Supplied the Financial Sinews for
Illc r rUbct U UUli. .
Senator Clark, Whose Election Is Being Investigated.
William Andrews Clark Is a little man with a big bead. He is slender and
delicate. 6 feet In height and 120 pounds, perhaps. In weight. He Is as dapper
as a fashion plate from his feet to his glossy hat. His tailor works wonders
with his frock coats. Clark's fingers are manicured and not a hair lies awry In
the bushy, red thatch which covers his head. His blue eyes are wide open and
look with careful scrutiny at the details of everything.
BW ••* *.B. B '1/ *J |^H| klb^^^ ' ThMHHi '"~ ? "*'£j~ *r- :* a B^l *^ >"**"*' SBu
BbV' " *'*.w* i *.^Hß i •v^'v I si**.* .**• *? fist
¦Sol* *' •*¦• * * * Vbl *9v f> "•"** '* * CpT
EB ' *7* *% ". fta^B / Ems' '-"' ** ** "* B|
I Hawes 1 popularity I
H is universal— the hats are worn by men of taste every- A
§1 where. The popularity has grown to a great extent bt- H
H cause there is merit in the hats— they are stylish and be- M
M coming, but their greatest virtue is in their lasting quali- M
II ties and low price. £J|
e3J \ " -^ b mm I fc' I
Hi { |O lYlcll tvCL Oil CCU k,|
2Publishers In Finland lose from $6000 to
$10,000 a year due to suppression or books
by the Government.
sufficient to say we have no like principles of
law as to "powers" In thiß State. As I read
the opinion of Mr. Justice Harrison. It goes
to the length of holding that a transfer and
conveyance from the trustees to the benefici
aries is not demanded by the terms of the will.
I believe such contradiction of the Instrument
does violence to the meanlns and use of the
simplest and most ordinary words. If words
mean anything, if a party's Intentions are to
be determined by his words, it must be held
that James G. Fair intended that the trustees
should pass the title to the beneficiaries by
deed. If the words here used do not express
that purpose, then It cannot be expressed in
words. I know no word in the English vocab
ulary the use of which in this will would add
point, force and clearness to the words "trans
fer and convey." If the words "transfer and
convey" were used In a- power of attorney
there would be no trouble in giving them the
usual and ordinary meaning. Why should
there be trouble here? In the early stages of
the litigation, when the validity of this trust
warn not a burning question, the trustees them
selves thought that James G. Fair intended to
vest them with the title to the property, and
so construed the will, for by their verified plead
ing they declared the title to be absolutely
vested In them. This court is not authorized
to give the will a forced construction, but sim
ply to give it a natural construction: and when
that construcion is given, it, let the law take
Its course, wherever it may lead.
It is- substantially conceded that a deed to
the trustees in triint to "transfer and convey"
at once to tho children of Fair or to any. other
class of beneficiaries would be. void as creating
a trust forbidden by our statute, namely, a
trust to convey land. But It is held that a
deed to the trustees in trust for . the use of
Fair's children durin? their life,, and then to
"transfer and convey" to other parties, Is
valid as not creating a trust to convey. Cer
tainly, to an ordinary mind the soundness of
this reasoning Is not satisfactory. There is
no reason why a trust to "transfer and con
vey" is, or should be, transformed Into a de
vice co lnstantl by the mere insertion In the
Instrument of a clause that the land for a lim
ited period should be held by the trustees, and
the rents and profits during that time applied
In other directions. To my mind, as far as
this question is concerned, such a clause oper
ates simply as a fixing of the day when the
trustees shall make the conveyance to the bene
ficiaries. This r case stands exactly as though
the trustees under the will were required to
apply the proceeds of the lands to the support
of Fair's children for the period of twelve
months, and thereupon "transfer and convey"
those lands to the beneficiaries named. It
would seem under those -circumstances that a
trust to convey land was Intended to be cre
ated, and -tested by the law of this State ex
necessitate was created. . .
Opinion of Attorneys.
The attorneys for the children of Sen
ator Fair were in no mood to talk about
the decision last- night. Charles S.
Wheeler said that he had made It a rule
not to be interviewed and would not talk
about the matter In any way. He had
no opinion that he would express about
what course the Fair children would now
take: nor would he say anything about
the effect that the decision would have in
entrenching the trustees of the estate for
life. ¦ Attorney Heggerty talked a little.
He took the view that the. trustees were
now confirmed in tenure. until the Fair
children should all be dead, and also said
that Mrs. Craven could hope only to get
$30 under the will if she could convince
the courts that she. was Fair's widow.
I,afe Pence "on the contrary said that
the decision would not affect the rights of
Mrs. Fair to one-third of the. income of
the estate and one-third of .the real and
personal property. ' She was • not a party
to the action and was not bound by the
Judgment.. She was free to attack and
defeat the trust clause of the will of Sep
tember 21, 1894 v and to secure one-third of
the estate and of the income, even though
the children were bound by the' decision
That decision by the Supreme Court would
not be followed when the trust clause was
attacked by her. She could attack. on two
grounds. One was that there was an-un
lawful accumulation of Income, amount
ing to $500,000 per annum, under para
graphs 15 and 22 of the will, which, snould
any- of the children .survive 60 years,
would, as it compounded, result in a for
tune in. the hands of . the trustees many
times greater than the whole value of the
present estate; and sections 723 and 724 of
the Civil Code made such accumulations
unlawful. Paragraph 15 of the will pro
vided that in the event of the death of
the twodoughters without issue two
thirds of the Income must accumulate •in
the hands of the trustees until after the
death of Charles L. Fair. . This might b<?
tifty years hence, and the accumulations
at the end : of that time would-be many
millions of dollars greater than the pres
ent total. value of the estate. In neither
case was the accumulation limited to the
minority, of a beneficiary; nor was it pos
sible for the trustees, or the court, to de
termine or name any person to whom the
income could be paid. The collateral kin
living to-day might all die before the chil
dren. These points might be presented by
the attorneys for Mrs. Fair on a rehear
ingiof.the case just decided by, the , Su
preme. Court, but. Mrs. Fair, was not a
party to that litigation and the attorneys
had. some hesitation about offering their
services as amicus curlae. , •
SENATOR WAS AN
INDULGENT HUBBY
7.1 HE attorneys ; for Charles - L. Falr^
I the. Fair estate and all the other in
• I terests . allied .against Mrs. Nettie ! R.'
_ I' -'. Craven-Fair, In - her efforts i to . get ' a
•*• family allowance from :the estate ot
the late' Senator ' Fair had : an unhappy
time In court yesterday. ' Some few things
did not go their way, and: they unwitting
ly, forced ¦ before I the court . some . evidence
Widow Scores
Several Points
Before Judge
Troutt.
Fair Attorneys Sur
prised by Produc
tion of the Simpton
Documents.
ticular and all the Fair forces in gen
eral, but she managed to restrain herself
and her opinion of 'Pierson was not ex
pressed. It would rfut take a mind
reader however, to divine what it Is.
Mrs. Craven-Fair has a way of looking a
whole lot of things, and it is not neces
sary for her to open her mouth to make
herself very thoroughly understood.
Nightshirt Waved Again.
The late Senator Fair's silken night
robe was waved again, but only for a
brief moment, not long enough In. fact to
bring a blush to any one In the court
room.
Senator Fair's manner of treating his
alleged wife was a subject in whicn the
attorneys appeared greatly interested. Ac
cording to Airs. Craven-Fair the Senator
was an ideal hubby. She never had to
ask him for money, and he was so par
ticular that she snould be well supplied
that he left plies of twenties wherever she
was likely to rind them. Even before the
marriage contract was signed he was lib
eral with his cash, for he slipped a hand
ful of gold into her pocket one day, with
the remark that he thought she might
have use for a little spending money.
To controvert this testimony the Fair
attorneys claimed that during the time
Mrs. Craven-Fair claims she was so abun
dantly supplied with funds by the Senator
she was discounting her salary warrants
as principal of the Mission Grammar
School and otherwise sparring around for
ready money. The witness admitted that
this was the fact, but was prepared with
a plausible explanation for her actions.
The petitioner went on the witness stand
as soon as the case was called. Attorney
Pierson asked for the pencil deeds, dated
September 8, 1894, conveying to "Mrs. Net
tle R. Craven" property on Mission street
and the realty and improvements on the
southwest corner of Pine and Sansome
streets. She identified them and stated:
."Those are the deeds I referred to last
Wednesday as the provision made for me
by Senator Fair in lieu of bequeathing
me anything in his will." A letter from
Fair to the witness, dated December 16,
1894. was also produced, and all of the
documents were marked for identifica
tion.
He Was an Ideal Hubby.
Speaking of the manner in which Fair
had provided for her during his lifetime
she said;
"He did everything for me that a hus
band possibly could. He left money for
me everywhere about my house, generally
$200 or $300 at a time. Once he sent me a
package of greenbacks to- the Mission
Grammar School by the janitor. 1 had
sent a message to the Senator, and when
the Janitor returned with the reply he
brought the greenbacks."
"Did you send for the money?"
"Oh, no; I never asked the Senator for
a cent. It was not necessary."
Then she testified that Fair had given
her a diamond ring. The attorneys want
ed to know all about it, even down to the
number of times the witness had worn it.
Attorney Charles Pence objected to the
line of the cross-examination, asserting
that it was a time-killing .enterprise cal
culated to wear out the court. To this
Mr. McEnerney retorted:
"It is the kind of examination that is
calculated to wear out some classes of
witnesses. We are going to proceed along
this line because we think this witness Is
fabricating and all her testimony is
false."
Fair never bought dresses for his al
leged wife, but he always supplied her
with funds to pay her dressmaker. Mrs.
Purcell. He is reported to have told the
lady of the thimble and thread not to
count on expense when building a gown
for Mrs. Craven-Fair, but to provide her
with everything in the dress line she
wanted. The only thing Mrs. Craven-Fair
did not get from the Senator was a
Christmas present or a token In commem
oration of the anniversary of their mar
riage.
To show that her story was an unrea
sonable one In some details, Attorney
Pierson asked if it was not a fact that
during Fair's lifetime and subsequent to
May 23. 1892, phe had shaved j her war
rants on the school fund in order to raise
some ready money. She admitted that
Mr. Pierson was close to being right but
claimed there was no money in the school
fund at the time and she was forced to
get some money to complete some Invest
ments she had made previous to hpr
marriage and of which the Senator had
not been Informed. -
She was asked to name those to whom
Children Placed
in Bad Position
by Terms of
the Decision.
May Reopen Negoti
ations With Mrs.
Craven-Fair for the
Pencil Will.
>
FOUR Justices of the Supreme Court
have decided that a trust to con
vey after the termination of lives
In being is not contrary to law, and
"the last will and testament" of
the late Senator James G. Fair has been
sustained in lie entirety. Accompanied
by that "sickly green light of despair
that accompanies the work of lyddite in
action," this decision fell like a bomb
among the children of the dead million
aire late yesterday afternoon. Its falling
almost took the breath of heirs and coun
sel alike, for with the word of the court
millions — about ten of them— passed from
the bands of the children and made up a
fund from which three trustees will wax
fat while doling out accumulated Interest
to thoso the late (senator willed should
fchaxe it during the rest of their days on
eartn,
Children Surprised.
A condition of affairs entirely unexpect
ed now faces the three children of the late
Senator Fair— Theresa A. Oelrichs. Vlr-
Cinla Vanderbilt and Charles 1* Fair. For
tome time past they have stood together
combating the claims of Mre. Nettie R.
Craven-Fair in the hope that the decision
rendered by Judge Slack declaring the
trust clause of the admitted will invalid
would be sustained by the higher tribu
nal and that a decree of distribution un
der Euch a decision would leave them
masters of the situation— the adjusters of
millions— and in a position to dictate terms
to Mrs. Craven-Fair to suit their own
convenience, or to carry on the litigation
until she tired of the unequal struggle and
retired from the field. Most of the mil
lions of the late Senator Fair are now,
however, the trust property of W. S.
Goodfellow, James S. Angus and Thomas
Q. Crothers, and toward their hands the
children must stretch hands for their al
lotted income unless the Supreme Court re
verses itself and finds that it erred when
it upheld the will of the dead.
The Pencil Will Again.
A document which has flitted like a
epecter throughout the litigation over the
estate of the dead millionaire since the
filing of the first pleading and which Is
known as the "pencil will," has again
been made prominent by the decision sus
taining the trust clause in the will of
September 21, USii. When the attempt
was first made to probate the trust will it
If said that decedent's children, especial
ly Charies L. Fair, hailed the advent of
the so-called pencil will, executed Sep
terrber 24, 1594. presented by Mrs. Cra
ven-Fair, with delight. If acknowledged
this will would obviate the litigation over
the trust clause, but again it would es
tablish the genuineness of the pencil
deeds held by Mrs. Craven-Fair, which
JuJge Slack subsequently declared in
valid. This pencil will was offered for
probate, but after weary perigrtnations
finally found a resting place in the vaults
of the County Clerk's office. The question
that is now being asked is whether or
not this will will be aeain drawn forth
and tossed ir.to the boiling pot of litiga
tion with the consent of the children.
Various legal objections confront its pre
sentation in view of the decision of the
Supreme Court sustaining the trust will,
but It is the consensus of opinion that
the children will do something desperate
rather than lose control of the bulk of the
estate accumulated by their dead parent
efttr years of toil and speculation.
Two decisions were handed down in the
Supreme Court yesterday on the trust
clnuse of the Fair will. The prevailing
cplr.ion, sustaining the trust clause, was
written by Justice Harrison and con
curred in by Justices Temple and Hen
thaw. Justice Beatty wrote a concurring
opinion. Another opinion, dissenting from
the views expressed in the prevailing
opinion, was written by Justice McFar
land and concurred In by Justice Van
Dyke. Justice Garoutte also filed a dis
senting opinion. These decisions, in part,
follow:
The arx^als in the above entitled causes
Involve the validity of certain provisions In
the win of the late Senator James G. Fair
and r-rpsent the Fame questions for determina
tion and have been submitted together upon
the tame briefs and oral arguments. The first
ca*» arreaJs taken from a decree of
partial distribution made In the estate of the
dewdent at the instance of the respondents
and will be first considered.
Fair's Trust Provision.
XV. "All the rest, residue and remainder of
ray ertate. property and effects, real, personal
anil mixed, whatsoever and wheresoever situ
ated, I give, device and bequeath unto my
trustees hereinafter named, and to the sur
vivors of them and to their successors In of
fice, in trust for the following uses and pur
poppf. that is to say:
"To have and to hold the came In trust dur
ing the lives of my daughters. Theresa A. Oel
richs and Virginia Fair, and of my eon, Charles
L. Fair, and durlr.g the life of the survivor of
them, and ujxjn the death of euch survivor to
transfer and con\ - ey to the children or descend
ants of 'my said dauchter. Theresa, the one
fourtli part of paid trust property and estate,
and to the children or descendants of my
caid daughter Virginia, the one-fourth part
of *aid trust property and estate, and
the remaining one-half of said trust prop
erty and estate to transfer and convey In
PERSONS
Anaemic are .^SJMSs'"
,-.:.<! emaciat-
co :i sts t itute r **s^!'?i&
anaemia. I -SpcJaj— -P
Anaemia. ' tf~
<¦::;, s v isae- '-^^ * '^zllllll-r-***** _
mia. It n,at- •*7%[STZ&*^'?%Z3Z&&f'
¦s '.-¦.- not th* - l ~k^t fcjr -WL^oß^&iiy-y
I'AN brinjJii / ',Ex:£} \
back a z'.<y\v '¦ z£i& '-m^SL-^A
-: healtn to otifflW-^Ky'"*
all pale and fa Wf?** »j
wan. com-
W l th anaemia are nearly always associ-
nird headaches, cither dull or throbbing.
FiX 1- sunken eyes and dark rings under
ryes Fig 2; pale face and coated tongue,
Yiiz.' ?,, palpitation of heart, FIS- <: im-
paired digestion. Fig. 5; weakness of
limbs. Fig. 6.
JH'DYAN promptly relievos these symp-
tcms. for HUDYAN gives tone and
strength to all the body tissues, assists
digestion and assimilation, brings all the
organs into harmonioua action.
In cases of female disorder there Ib no
better remedy than HUDYAN. HUDYAN
cures all those weaknesses and troubles
that are natural to women.
HUDYAN makes rich blood, from which
come bodily strength and llesb. If you
would possess health and strength, a
clear skin and rosy cheeks, "take HUD-
UUDYAN is for sale by druggists— soc a
package, or six packages for $2 GO.
If your druggist does not keep HUD-
TAN, send direct to the HUDYAN REM-
EDY CO.. Cor. Stockton. Ellis and Mar-
ket Sts.. 6an Francisco, Cal.
"t rOISISULT 1 Consult Frso the
I FREE. I Hody.n Doctor.. Call
.+ i.i ' .f. cr write to them.
she was indebted at the time she mar
ried Fair. Pence objected to the ques
tion, which brought the following ex
planation of its purpose from Mr. Ale-
E "\Ve e ciaim that she is not the widow
of the late James G. Fair and that her
testimony is an invention. She cannot
account for any money given her by Fair
and we claim he never gave her a cent,
but that on the contrary she lived on the
$250 a month salary she received as a
teacher in the San .Francisco School De
partment." ' .
A long line of questions as to how
Senator Fair knewWshe had returned
from the East in 1892 brought another
protest from Attorney Pence.
The Sausalito Ceremony.
"These questions are preliminary to the
Sausalito ceremony." replied Attorney
McEnerney. "We will not follow the for
tunes of the silk nightshirt this time."
Mrs. Craven-Fair then went on to tell
how the Sausalito affair occurred and the
circumstances which suggested it. Her
daughter Margaret had become very
much displeased at the contract affair
and it was in deference to her wishes
that the civil ceremony took place. She
said that she did not consider that it
made her any more Fair's wife than she
had been before.
"That is Just exactly what we have
been contending all along," was the tart
remark from Attorney Pierspn.
The witness went Into all the details
of the Sausalito trip, but the nearest she
could come to the date of it was between
July 10 and August 20. 1892. Strange as it
•may appear, neither she nor the Senator
met any one they knew on the day they
went across the bay. One man she re
membered to whom Fair had spoken on
that day was the proprietor of the
saloon or Inn where he went to Inquire
for Slmpton. She could not remember
his name, but has him located.
"The Senator told Slmpton he did not
want the marriage to be made public, but
wanted him to keep a record of it. which
he promised to do," continued the wit
ness.
At this stage of the proceedings the Fair
attorneys went off wrong. theSimpton let
ter and affidavit were produced and the
scene followed which has already been
described.
Wanted to Adopt Margaret.
Mrs. Craven-Fair said she had read the
"widow clause" in Fair's reputed «wtll.
but knew he had not written it. because
he had shown her from time to time
copies of all the wills Pierson had been
preparing for him and in none of them
was there such a provision. She told about
Reuben Lloyd offering her 1250,000 for a
quitclaim to the estate and later how Rus
sell, J. Wilson, on behalf of the children,
offered to compromise for $500,000. She
believed the children were sincere until
Judge Slack knocked out the trust clause
In the alleged will. After that they re
fused to negotiate with her. A provision
of all the proposed compromises was that
she was to be protected from all no
toriety.
She testified that upon one occasion
Fair wanted to adopt her daughter Mar
garet but for some reason not explained
he failed to do so. The petitioner's an
swers in the suit of Angus vs. Craven
were Introduced in evidence. These are
signed "Nettie R. Craven."
The trial will proceed this morning at
10:30 o'clock. ':'-.--
that was decidedly In favor of the woman
who claims to be the late millionaire's
widow.
"Without apparently knowing Just what
they were doing they asked Mrs. Craven-
Fair if she had any written evidence of
her alleged marriage' to Senator Fair.
They discovered when it was too late that
both the question and answer were load
ed. Of course she had written evidence,
and her features beamed with satisfac
tion when she said it. Mr. Pence, her at
torney, was keeping It for her. The Fair
counsel wanted to know more and they
Insisted upon the production of the evi
dence. That was just as easy as Mrs.
Craven-Fair's answer. Mr. Pence delved
into the depths of his pocket and out came
Justice Simpton's letter to W. W. Foote,
dated August 8, 1599, and the Marin
County .magistrate's affidavit, dated four
days later. Pence had been aching to pro
duce it and he nearly Jumped out of his
chair when the opposing counsel pre
sented the opening.
Fair Attorneys Disturbed.
Attorney Pierson. who has been con
ducting the cross-examination of the pe
tioner in the case, reached for the docu
ments. One glance seemed to convince
him that a mistake had been made some
where. He bit his lips and began a spell
of deep thinking. His reverie was dis
turbed by the rush of his associates all
eager to get a glance at Simpton's origi
nal declaration. Each made hasty mem
oranda of the statements that most in
terested him. There was a hurried con
sultation between the Fair forces, the ef
fusions of the Sausalito Justice were
handed to the clerk of the court and
marked for identification, and the learned
lawyers started an entirely new line of In
vestigation.
And Lafe Pence smiled, and smiled and
smiled.
Mrs. Craven-Fair was the only witness
on the stand during the day. She was a
little snappy at times and gave evidence
of a burning desire to tell Attorney Pier
son just what she thought of him In par-
shares to my brothers and sisters and to the
children of any deceased brother or sister by
right of representation. (The language of this
clause U taken from the Civil Code of the
State of California, section 1366, subdivision 3,
as it now exists, and shall bear the same con
struction as said subdivision of said section,
subject, however, to the provisions of paragraph
XVI of this will.) In case either of my daugh
ters file, leaving no children or descendants, the
one-fourth part of said trust property and es
tate herein directed to be transferred and con
veyed to her children or descendants shall be
transferred and conveyed to the children or
descendants of my other daughter; and if there
be none the game shall be transferred and
conveyed to my brothers and sisters and to
the children of any deceased brother or sister
by right of representation, as aforesaid.
"In trust, further, during the life or lives of
my said daughter and son. and the survivor of
them, to hold, manage and control the said
trust property and estate, and monthly to pay
over the not Income derived therefrom •to my
s-ald daughters and son in equal proportions;
and upon the death of either of my said daugh
ters to pay over the one- third of said net in
come to which she. if living, would be entitled,
to her children or descendants. If a.ny there be;
otherwise to my surviving daughter; and upon
the death, during the life cf my said son. of
raid surviving daughter, leaving children or
descendants, then to her eald children or de
scendants; and if she leave no children or de
scendants, then said portion of said net In
come to become a part of the rest and residue
of my estate, and to be disposed of as such
under the provisions of this will; and upon the
death of my said son to pay over the one-third
of said net income to which he. If living, would
be entitled to my two said daughters, in equal
proportions, or to the survivor of them."
Claims of the Litigants.
The ground upon which the Superior Court
held the trust created by the will to b« Invalid,
and which Is maintained by the respondent
herein, is that it contravene* the provisions of
section Si 7, Civil Code. In thst It authorizes the
trustees, upon the death of the last surviving
child of the testator, to transfer and convey
the trust property to the persons therein desig
nated. The court further held that this trust
was po Inseparably connected with the other
wise valid trust to receive the Income of the
"property and apply the same to the use of the
children of the testator during their lifetime,
that,' In view of the legal consequences flowing
from its Invalidity, It could not be presumed
that the testator intended that the latter trust
should b« effective. It therefore held that 'the
entire trust was Invalid and that the testator
had died Intestate as to real property described
In the complaint. The appellants concede that
a trust created merely for the purpose of con
veying real property to another Is unauthorized,
but claim that the provision In the will of
Senator Fair that upon the death of his last
surviving child the trustees Khali transfer and
convey the trust estate to the persons therein
designated, was not one of the "purposes" for
which he -created the trust; that the trust "cre
ated by the will is an executed trust; that .the
trustees have only an estate In the property
pur auter vie. which will terminate at "the
death of the last surviving child; that at the
death of the testator the persons to whom ha
directed the property to be transferred and
conveyed were vested with a remainder In his
estate which will vest In possession at the
death of his last surviving child, and that the
estate which will then be vested in them will
neither require nor admit a conveyance from the
trustees fcr the purpose of clothing them with
any Interest In the property.
Judgment of the Court.
It Is the opinion of the court, after view
ing the authorities presented, that the will does
not suspend the power cf alienation for a
longer period than during the lives of persons
In being at the death of the testator. The
fact that a child of either of the testator's
daughters, or of either of his brothers or sister*
may be en ventre sa mere at the death of his
last surviving child, will not have this effect.
Such fact cannot be Invoked to Impair the
validity of the will. It is only the power of
alienation which the statute forbids to be sus
pended, and this power Is not suspended by
reason of any difficulty or inconvenience ; that
may attend its exercise. • The suspension of
alienation which Is aimed at by the . statute
is such as Is caused by the' lnstrument creat
ing the estate, and not such as naturally
arises from some disability on the part of the
person In whom the estate is vested, such as
Infancy or other incapacity, or from any other
cause outMde of the Instrument.
The provision in this section excluding from
determination In such action all questions con
cerning the validity of any devise or trust con
tained In a will or Instrument ' purporting to
be a will, which under the constitution "be
long exclusively to the probate Jurisdiction."
presents for construction the provision in -sec
tion 5 of article VI ¦of the constitution, by
which the Superior Court Is given Jurisdiction
of all matters of probate, and what is- In
cluded under "matters of probate"; and to
what extent the Jurisdiction thus given to the
Superior Court is exclusive of the Jurisdiction
given to It hy the same section "In all- cases
in v equlty." These questions have not been dis
cussed by counsel, and. as the conclusion which
we have reached In reference to the validity
of the trust clause In the will necessitates a
reversal of the Judgment herein. It Is unneces
sary for u« to determine whether the provisions
of i«ection 735. as thus amended, were available
to the plaintiff for the purpose of maintaining
his action. We do not wi»h to be understood
as expressing any opinion upon these points,
and allude to the matter only In order that
tt may not be Inferred from our silence thereon
that we hold the action to be authorized by
that section.
- The decree of distribution in the estate of
Fair Is reversed. The Judgment and order de
nying a new trial in the cas« of Fair vs. Angus
are also reversed. . . .
The theory of the Justices dissenting
from the above decision is contained In
the dissenting opinion written by Justice
Garoutte, which follows:
I concur generally in , the. views, of Mr. Jus
tice McFarland. Upon careful examination I
am satisfied It will be found that a very large
majority of the cases cited. by Mr. Justice Har
ri*cn in bis opinion, to the point that the words
"transfer- and convey" should be construed as
words of devise, have arisen under 'Statutes
quite ¦to 'the 'statutes of this State :
and generally in Jurisdictions where the prin
ciples of law pertaining to "powers in tru»t to
convey" are recognized and approved. It la
State of California, City and County of San Francisco, ss.
GW. SIMPTON. being duly sworn, deposes and says: During the
year 18D2 I was a Justice of the Peace for the Township of Sausallto,
County of Marin. State of California, with an office at Sausallto:
o that in the year 1592 and for a long time prior thereto I personally
knew Senator James G. Fair and al3o knew Mrs. Nettie R. Craven:
that about the year 1592 and prior to the year 1594 said Senator James G. Fair
called upon me. in company with the said Nettie R. Craven, at my office In
Sausalito; -
That the Senator stated to me that he had called for the purpose of having
me. as a Justice of the Peace, perform a marriage ceremony between himself
and Mrs. Craven; that he also stated that there existed a contract of mar
riage, but she wanted a solemnization- I requested of them the presenta
tion of the marriage license, which they did not produce, but the Senator
stated that he did not want the solemnization of the marriage known to the
world;
That immediately thereafter I performed the marriage ceremony between
the said parties and thereupon made a record of said solemnization In my
record book, which said record book was destroyed by the fire which oc
curred in Sausallto in 1893 or 1594; that during said solemnization the said
James G. Fair and the said Nettie R. Craven, in my presence, declared that
they took each other as husband and wife. I thereupon pronounced them
That after the performance of said ceremony both parties asked me to
keep the matter secret and not to say anything about the ceremony to any
one unless requested by one of the parties so to do. G. W. SIMPTON.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of August, 1599.
HA.K.FiY J. I>A.SK t
Notary Public in and for the City and County of San Francisco. State of
California.
SIMPTON'S SWORN STORY OF THE
SAUSALITO MARRIAGE CEREMONY
SAUSALITO. Cal.. Aug. S. 1599.
<¦> cj> ON. W. W. FOOTE. San Francisco, Cal.;-Dear Sir: At the request
. I of Mrs. Nettle R. Craven-Fair I beg to inform you:
I. That at all the times during the year 1802 I was a duly elected.
,i J^ qualified. and acting Justice of the Peace within and fcr the county of
Marin. State of California, having my office at Sausallto, in the town
ship of Sausallto. . .
" - 11. That during said year 1592 and for a long time prior and subsequent
thereto I personally knew Senator James G. Fair, and also knew Mrs. Nettie
R. Craven.
111. That several years ago— l cannot remember the exact year or month
at the present time, but may be able to do so after some careful Investiga
tions—certainly prior to the year 1594. the. said James G. Fair called upon
me In company with the said Nettie Craven at my office in Sausalito. The
Senator stated to me that they had called for the purpose of having me as
Justice of the Peace perform a marriage ceremony between them. I required
of the couple the presentation of the marriage license, but the Senator stated
that they had not taken out any license, as they did not want their marriage
known to the world at large, and that as a matter of fact they were already
husband and wife by virtue of a marriage contract which they had entered
Into between themselves some time before, but that the lady fel.t that she
would be better satisfied to have the marriage solemnized by a Justice of the
Peace. :"V' :
IV. That the said James G. Fair and the said Nettle R. Craven there
upon in my presence declared that they took each other as husband and wife,
and I thereupon pronounced them to be husband and wife.
V. That both parties asked me to keep the matter secret and not to say
anything about the ceremony is any one unless requested by either party to
do so.
VI. That I maSe a record of the proceeding, but that In the year 1594 all
my records were destroyed by fire during a great conflagration In Sausallto
which destroyed a whole block. Yours respectfully.
G. W. SIMPTON, Recorder of the Town of Sausallto. CaL
SUPREME COURT REVERSES JUDGE SLACK AND
DECIDES TRUST CLAUSE OF FAIR WILL VALID
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1900.
STATEMENT MADE TO W. W. FOOTE
BY MARIN COUNTY MAGISTRATE
3
Fair Attorneys Get a Document That Disconcerts Them.4455GERMANY AND GREAT BRITAIN.
DISPATCHES from Berlin announce that, not
withstanding the natural sympathy of the Ger
man people with the Boers, the trend of. public
opinion is distinctly in favor of the British. The
newspapers, which are supposed to speak for the Gov
ernment, have taken the lead in bringing about the
change of sentiment, and it is generally believed they
are largely inspired by the officials of the court, if
not by the Kaiser himself.
The argument used is not one which appeals to the
higher sentiments of the German people, but to their
•interests. Thus, for example, the Kreuz Zeitung is
reported to have given an elaborate review of reasons
why Germans do not like the British, but to have con
cluded by saying: "Notwithstanding this, England's
downfall would mean a distinct disadvantage to Ger
many in every part of the globe. Therefore it is no
part of German patriotism to uphold the cause of Eng
land's enemies."
Such statements go far to confirm the reports cir
culated at the time of the Kaiser's visit to London
shortly after the outbreak of the war, that an agree
ment had been reached by the two governments to
their mutual advantage. It was a case of give and
take. Large concessions were made to German rail
way interests in South Africa and British opposition
to the construction, under German control, of a rail
way from a Mediterranean port across Asia Minor to
a port on the Persian Gulf was withdrawn. The
British also gave up their interests in Samoa to the
Germans. What the Kaiser conceded in return for
these and perhaps other favors is not fully known,
but it seems clear he has promised Great Britain a
free hand in dealing >yith the Boers and is keeping
his word.
There are many reasons why the Germans and the
British should act together at this juncture and chief
among them is the growing power of Russia and her
alliance with France. Russia threatens Great Britain
in India and China, but she threatens Germany at
home. The financial and diplomatic arrangements,
by which the Russians get something very much like
domination over Persia, were aimed as much at the
Syrian interests of Germany as at the Indian interests
of Great Britain. It requires no great knowledge of
affairs to perceive that the famous concession for a
railway from the Mediterranean to the Persian Gulf
is worth very much less to the Germans now than it
was when.it promised to give them supremacy in
Persia. • '
Thus the Kreuz Zeitung ;s; s probably speaking from
a knowledge obtained from official sources in declar-
Truth, they say, will be found at the bottom of a
well. They must have some -pretty deep wells in
Montana since Senator Clark took up a residence in
that State. ':' - ; r''*t
"I don't see why a woman is ai-wrayi
holding: up her skirt with one hand."
growled Bickett.
"I suppose," replied Mrs. 8., **ifa be»
cause she has no trousers pocket to carry
her hand'around in." — Chicago News.
COSTUME FOR A YOUNG GIRL.
This dress is made of a light colored
material, beige or gray. The short bolero
sets off the neck and the waist, giving a
glimpse of the lace chemisette. It is
trimmed with small black velvet ribbons,
the belt being made in the same way. The
skirt falls in pleats in the back and is or
namented with a few black ribbons at
the bottom.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
ASSOCIATION TO
EXTEND ASIATIC
TRADE PROPOSED
Committee Has Been Ap
pointed to Call Meeting
of Trade Bodies.
Representatives of Houses Carrying
on Business With the Orient
Confer in Regard to the
Matter.
A meeting of San Francisco business
houses and transportation companies in
terested in the extension of trude with
the Orient met at the Chamber of Com
merce yesterday, George A. Newhall pre
siding. Among those present were: J. S.
Fearon of New York, James Otis, M. H.
McAllister, Morri3 Marcus, I. Steinhart,
Henry T. Scott, Joseph D. Grant, C. J.
King, R. P. Jennings, \V. R. Wheeler. H.
D. Loveland, Charles E. Miller, George D.
Cooper and John O. Blanchard.
Mr. Fearon is a member of the Ameri
can Asiatic Association of New York and
also of a business house at Shanghai.
China. The purpose of the meeting was
to discuss the feasibility of establishing
a Pacific Coast branch of the American
Asiatic Association, which Mr. Fearon
favored. One point, made was that the
association had a political as well as a
trade value. The open door to China, ha
paid, was largely due to the Influence of
the Asiatic Association.
W. R. Wheeler said that while he wa<i
favorable to anything that would tend to
increase the trade of San Francisco in the
Orient, it seemed to him, as he listened
to what had been said, that the Commer
cial Museum would be prepared to do all
it had been suggested the Asiatic Asso
ciation could perform.
Mr. McAllis'T reported facts concern
ing . the organization of associations else
where for the promotion of trade with the
Orient. He said London had a society
with 500 members, known aa the China
Association", composed of the most promi
nent bankers and merchants and finan
ciers in England, and- that they had
caused most of the improvements in the
treaties between Great Britain and China.
New York had the Asiatic Association
previously mentioned. An American As
sociation of China had also been formed
In Shanghai. Mr. McAllister suggested
that the Pacific Coast organization might
be called the Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Asiatic Association of New
York, or, if a separate organization
should be preferred, the name of the Pa
cfic Asiatic Association might do.
Mr. Newhall suggested the appointment
of a committee of five to consider the
formation of an Asiatic association in this
city, with power to call together the trade
bodies if they should think it advisable
to do so. He named as the committee
Henry T. Scott. Joseph D. Grant. M. H.
McAllister, R. P. Schwerin and George D.
Cooper. The meeting left further consid
eration of the subject to the committee
and adjourned.
A FORTIFIED CANAL.
IT is believed that the Hay-Pauncefote treaty will be
ratified by the Senate and that the way to the con
struction of the Nicaragua canal will be cleared
thereby.
A great many airy propositions have been made by
men expert in other things than statecraft. A civil
engineer proposes that we annex Nicaragua as an
American State in order to have the canal on our own
territory. This ranks with the British proposition to
take Delagoa Bay from the Portuguese. The pro
ponent of the scheme says that the present people in
power in Nicaragua would favor it, if they dared, but
that to do so would precipitate a revolution which
would put them out of power. This means that such
annexation would carry, with it a hostile and indignant
population, against which policy Blame so strongly
declared himself in his instructions to General Kil
patrick. To take Nicaragua would do more than this.
It would cut in two the system of South and Central
American governments. It would arouse suspicion
and solicitude in Mexico and would be held to justify
the fear expressed by the press and public men of that
republic that the' policy of the United States is to
subvert the independent governments now existing be
tween the Rio Grande and the Straits of Magellan. .
This suspicion is abroad in all the nations that
would be affected by that policy and has already ma
terially alienated from us the commercial sympathy
and trade of nearly sixty millions of people. This
process of alienation should not get impetus, either
from the annexation proposition or that to, fortify a
waterway which will thereby be rendered non-neutral.
We do not want the political company of the alien
races which people Central and South America, nor
do we want the treaty complications with Nicaragua
and Costa Rica which will be necessary if we secure
their consent to fortify on their soil. The measure of
their demands has already been taken in the terms of
the Frelinghuysen treaty, negotiated in the last days
of President Arthur's administration and withdrawn
by President Cleveland. That' treaty bound the
United States to defend the territorial integrity of
those two nations and thereby assumed for us an in
sufferable obligation, since it in effect obligated this
Government to furnish them a military establishment
at our cost/ to defend them in any complication in
which they might choose to embroil themselves. It
meant that we would haye to support them in any
Quixotic quarrel they might engage in and was prac
tically a standing and permanent declaration of wai
by the United States against any country to which our
little. proteges chose to offer battle. That they will
now accompany consent to fortify the 'canal on their
soil by like exactions, or others still more excessive,
there is no doubt.
This is foreseen by Admiral Dewey, who opposes
fortification because it will make the canal a battle
ground instead of a neutral highway for peaceful com
merce between the two oceans.
It will not be hard to effect, with the great com
mercial nations, the neutralization of a wide zone of
water at either terminus of the canal, and our navy
will find no difficulty in defending such zone and
thereby protecting the neutrality of the canal. If we
build and administer it. who can reach it except by
water? As its operation involves the use of locks,
what hostile fleet can get through it if the locks are
opened and emptied and made useless? "
In the extreme case of a foreign war,* which is
unlikely to come, we have means of defense involving
less cost and assuring greater safety than any fortifi
cation, or any treaty engagement with the Central
American States, made on the lines of the Freling
huysen convention.
The success which has attended the Mayor's literary
venture, which his Honor calls "Making Corporations
Pay Their Taxes," should spur him to another effort.
He is particularly well qualified to discuss "How to
Make Purchased Mayors Stay Bought, or Why. I Fell
Down." -: ;>i
ing 'that -"England's downfall would mean a distinct
disadvantage to Germany in every part of the globe."
The Kaiser has pushed his commercial expansion far
beyond the reach of his army to defend and his navy
is not yet strong enough. For the time being, at any
rate, it is necessary to his schemes that Great Britain
should remain powerful and successful. With the
passage of time there may come a shifting of interests
and then the British will have to look elsewhere for
allies. In the present crisis, however, it seems they
can rely on Germany to prevent the interference of
any other nation in the Boer war, for the Kaiser not
only appreciates the concessions given him but has
a forward look to favors yet to come.
TUESDAY - FEBRUARY 27, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
J'IUUCATIOX OFFICE. .Market snd Third. S. F.
l>lc»fco»e Jlnla ISUS.
CDITOXMAL, R00M5.... 217 to 221 SlPTtimoa St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered- bjr Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slncle Copies, ft Cent*.
Term* »•!• Mall. Including PoMnees
DAILY CALL ilnoimllnc Mim'ajr). one rear. .90.00
DAILT CALL ((noladlnar Snnday). 6 month*.. 3.00
DAILY CALL Oncludinjr Sunday). 3 months. . I.SO
UAILY CALL — U» Single Month Use
HMJAV CALL One Year... I.CO
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are anthorlxed to receive
snbacriptlons.
Sample copies will be forwarded Trhea requested
OAKLAND OFFICE ...HIS Rroadvrny
C. GEORGE KKOGMSSS.
Mnajfr I"orrl|iB Advertlalno-. Maraaette Build-
XEW YOIIK COKRCSPOXDEVTI
C. C CAi:LTO.\ Herald S«nare
CHICAGO SEWS STANDS:
Sherman Iluunn P. O. Xerrs Co.t Great North
ern Hotel; Fremont Honaei Auditorium Hotel.
JfEW YORK M3WS STAXDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotels A. Brentaso, 31 Colon
Saoarei Murray lit 11 Hotel.
SEW YORK HISrHKSEVTATIVEI
lunni LIKK\S Jit 29 Tribune Bnlldlntr
WASUIIGIOX «!>. C.\ OFFICE. .Well tort on Hotel
J. F. U.tGLISH. Correspondent.
BRAfCn OFFICE* — 027 .Monfromfrr, corner «»f
Clay, open nntll .U:3O o'clock. 300 Ilayen.
open no til 9:30 o'clock. iUt:* McAllister, open
until U:3O o'oloek. 4J15 Larkin. open until
ot3O o'clock. 1941 Sllsslon. open i-.ntll It'
•'clock. 2201 Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until 0 o'clock. JuiiU Valencia, open until it
o'clock. lOti Eleventh, open until O o'clock.
SW. comer Twenty-second and Kentucky.
open until 9 o'clock.
THE FIGHT FOR MORALITY.
WHEN next the attorneys for the racetrack
jamblers and the proprietors of the downtown
poolrooms appeal to the Supervisors for a li
cense for their operations they will not venture to
assert, as they did last week, that the silence of the
press and the people gave consent to the project.
The Call has spoken for the press and the pulpit has
spoken for the public and once more the forces that
defeated the gamblers a year ago are united to with
stand the new assault.
The sermons preached on Sunday against a renewal
of track gambling were notably strong. They came
from some of the foremost pastors of the city, repre
senting nearly all denominations of religious faith, for
on an issue of this kind, plainly affecting public mor
ality, there are no differences of sentiment among
good men. Such sermons can hardly fail to have a
deep and far-reaching influence among all classes of
respectable people and from this time on we may ex
pect the new content against the gamblers to be waged
as earnestly as was the crusade that broke their power
2. year ago.
The Rev. E. Nelander of the First English Lutheran
Church described Ingleside track-gambling as "a putrid
sore on the body politic." A business that brings no re
turn or profit to the community, for "the poolseller
gives nothing for that which he takes but anguish and
shame and woe." The Rev. E. A. Woods of the First
Kaptist Church said: "The officers of our city govern
ment received the votes of men of different parties
with the pledge that under the new charter we should
have good government and that the wishes of the peo
ple should be respected. We were promised a new-
San Francisco and surely the. licensing of these crime
breeding resorts is not a step upward."
The Rev. T. Caraher of St. Francis Church said:
"During the past year I have met a number of unfor
tunates who have lost home and property through
playing the races and I have also known deluded
parents who foolishly expended their savings and their
earnings- in the betting ring, leaving their children to
futfFer for life's necessities. Our young women arc
:cd to ruin by the poolroom system and this should
l>e prevented in future by curtailing that evil power."
The Rev. Philip Coombe of Richmond Congregational
Church said: "Scarcely* anything could occur that
*ould be more injurious to healthful growth, more
ruinous to business integrity, more degenerating to
public morals, more defiant to good sentiment, more
offensive to official trust than this."
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of Howard-street Methodist
Kp:«copal Church, after expressing surprise that the
question of renewing the license of the gamblers
should have arisen, asked: "Are there not already a
sufficient ntimber of men in San Quentin as a result
of this iniquity? Are there not enough women lead
ing nameless lives who were led down by one or the
other of these evils?" Rev. W. E. Dugan of the Stew
art Memorial Presbyterian Church said: "Let our Su
pervisors remember that to reopen the Ingleside track
mean? that every inch of it will be paved with wrecked
characters, blasted hopes and ruined homes and ce
mented by human blood." Rev. John Hemphill •of
Calvary Presbyterian Church said: "Open the race
track, we are told, and it will attract people to our city
who will spend money with a free hand. So does the
rsrrion attract the buzzard, but we wish neither buz
zard nor carrion."
The Rev. Dr. Hutsinpiller of the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church summed up the argument by say
ing: "Granting that men must have recreation and
some sport, no sensible man is willing to concede that
what has proved a nuisance in the past and was closed
because of its bad effects upon the morals and the
manhood of the city — yes, and the womanhood, too — no
clear-brained msn, I say. is ready to concede that the
Board of Supervisors of our city can open again this
avenue to gambling and wastefulness."
From these words, uttered by persons speaking with
the responsibility and with the authority of pastors of
the people, the Supervisors, who may have been in
clined to favor the gamblers, may learn a profitable
Vsson. San Francisco is not giving tacit ennernt to
lier own shame and the ruinof numbers of her people.
She has uttered her protest and it behooves her
officials to heed it
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hall 9 1
on Application.
COAL. COKB AND Pld IRON.
j. c. Wilson & co., T&asrsJSTSk
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
C \L f CMITR Ship. Plumbing. Steamboat
L- n • O.'il IU. and Ship Work a Specialty. IS
and IS Washington st. Telephone Mala stWl.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC PAVE? $ ffl Shipping Butcher*. 1M
ik> DUltja LU-, Clay. TeL Main 1394.
FURS.
. 11. LUrMAU, .tyle,, ¦ 'ov»«t price*, r.-rod. int.
¦ . PAPER DEALER*.
nrn f HICTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
niLLAJItIIL 722 Montgomery st.
PKINTIM3.
E- C HUGHES. m Sansome St.. 3. T.
STATIONER AND PRINTED.
Tel*graphfc PIDTDITIifP SO6 California
Code*. rAKIKIUUC street.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, $§?&*&.
DIAMOND COAL MININO CO. at Its GREKN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal la ta»
market. Office and Yards— iso Main street.
BOLAND IS THE LEGAL
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
Judge Seawell Hands Down an Opin
ion Against the Contestant,
r v John Farnham.
Judge Seawell yesterday handed down
a decision confirming the election of Pat
rick Boland to the office of Public Admin
istrator. In' this opinion the court set
forth the fact that in the recount Farn
ham had to his favor 23,132 votes and Bo
land 23,335, ? giving Bolanß a net majority
0f ! 203 votes.; - - . -
During the recount; Farnham lost 621
votes and Boland . lost 681 votes. These
votes were ; thrown ¦'¦ out by reason , of ap
parent ; distinguishing; marks which? were
apparently due,* however, to the Ignorance
of voters and not to fraud. Farnham will
take ; an appeal jto the Supreme Court in
order to test the legality of rulings made
by Judge Seawell admitting ballots which
the I contestant \ claimed should . have been
cast out for various irregularities.
"Good morning! I am here to tune your
piano."
"My piano! I did not order a piano
tuner." «
"No, but the gentleman across the way
did/* — Fllegende Blatter.
Vs» Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters. th« world
renowned South American appetiser and Invig-
orator of exauisite flavor. »
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CORA AND CASEY— A. 8., City.
Neither Charles Cora nor James P. Casey,
hanged by the "Vigilance Committee of
1856, left a son. who was sent from Hollls
ter to San Quentln for life for the killing
of a man. . '
ALGEBRA— A. P.-O. P., City. As Xis
ona of the unknown . Quantities, you will
have to study that branch of pure math
ematics to find the value of X. It cannot
be explained in the space allotted to this
department.
RAIN STORMS-A. P. O. P., City. It
is asserted that after a heavy cannonad
ing rain falls on a battlefield, and that
the reason for this is that the continuous
concussion finally reaches the rain clouds
and bursts them.
CAKEWALK-E. R. 8.. Winnemucca.
Nev. The latest features that have been
Introduced in the Cakewalk is for the
gentleman to try and kiss the lady and
have her coquettishly escape. For wee
tots of walkers the boy removes a clasp
garter from the little girl's leg. which has
ferace"*:"" 1 b£lOW th 9 knee « a^ then
RECOIL— M. Bowman, Cal. Recoil in
gunnery is the backward movement after
discharge. When the charge contained In
a gun is flred, the sudden expansion into
many times Its former bulk acts w?th
equal force in every direction. The !5£
sistance offered by the ball, which movM
more or less easily in the bore. beC far
leas than that of the bulky, heavier eun
and carriage, the ball is forced to a «rS
distance, but the gun with its carfTaSa
must feel the reaction and is driven b£i
7JS 11 T»£ ertair \, Space ' ordinarily a .few
feet. The recoil occurs as soon as tha
ball leaves the piece.- The recoil of 2
musket fowling piece or riflef commonly
called "small arms." is known a«S
madman* ls fe^°^e should efoft^
A CONVICT-J. M. X., City The defi
nition of "convict" Is "a person who has
been proved guilty of an offense all*^
Jl"^J 1 "^. 1 tefore a legar tribunal by the
h^noL n° 1 L a 3ury "other legal decision.
?iX » Tn Pe tK Son tvt v , nder *oinff Penal servjl
tuae. In the strict sense a person who
serves a t erm In Jail is a convict? but the
»WHH. wner^ r - applied to one com
mitted to a penitentiary. No convict who
Is released from either the, San Quentin
Dr. Stanford's Liver Invigorator.
Th« best llvar medicine. A vegetable cure for
llvar ilia, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation. •
LUNCHEONS
AND DINNERS
Last Days of the Season
Keep the Swell Set
Busy.
MISS ADDIE MURPHY gave a
delightful luncheon yesterday
afternoon at the University Club,
and entertained thirty-five young
ladles. Not a belle or a debutante was
missing from the group that enjoyed an
elaborate menu most daintily served. The
guests were seated at three round tables,
each one of which was gorgeous with ex
quisite blossoms.
Miss Bernlce Drown gave a- dinner last
evening at the home of her parents on
Jackson street. Covers were laid for
thirty-six.
Mrs. A. Redding entertained society
young people at dinner last evening at
her home on California street. After din
ner dancing was In order. The affair was
in honor of the hostess' daughter, Miss
Ellita Redding.
¦ Mrs. ¦-William Whlttier will give a din
ner this evening. Covers will be laid for
eighteen. After dinner hostess and guests
will go to the Mardl Gras ball.
The Fastest Train Across the Ccn-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa Fe Route.
Connecting trains leave at 5 p. m. Monday.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any lln* to
the East. Ticket office. OS Market street.
Incredible but True.
Passengers on the Union Paeiflo "Orsriand
Limited" can leave San Francisco fourteen
hours later and arrive In Chicago nearly fiv*
hours earlier than by any other line. D. W.
Hitchcock, Gen. Agt., 1 Montgomery st. S. F.
The ways of the Market Street Railroad Company
are inscrutable. The corporation's employes have
been ordered to refuse a right of way to public am
bulances and yet the company knows that ambulances
are absolutely essential adjuncts to the railroad system
in this city.
If the Eastern track gamblers are to have license
to fleece the people of San Francisco, the victims of
the fleecing should have license to resort to default
ing, embezzlement and robbery to get even with the
community that licensed the fleecing.
Once more the courts have defended a shipper
against the attempt of the Wells Fargo Express Com
pany to shirk taxes upon him, and now it is time for
shippers generally to join the fight and force it to a
finish.
If Assessor Dodge had made a proper assessment of
property there would have been no deficiency in the
municipal revenues, but now because, of his "ways
that are dark" we are all of us threatened with dark
ness.
Mayor Phelan might with propriety appoint a
guardian for his tongue. If his Honor continues to
talk at inopportune moments he will surely, blurt out
the whole secret of his compact with the yellow sheet.
The Federal authorities are seriously disturbed at
the danger of missing an occasional member of a
ship's foreign crew touching at this port. And still
the landing of "merchant" Chinese goes merrily on.
Mayor Phelan on a cloth of gold hurling defiance
to critics ought to suggest an idea to the competitors
in that flag emblem contest. Ajax defying the light
ning might serve as a model. ;-;*",
There is a movement on foot in national military
circles to abolish post chaplains. Recent events in
dicate that this may be one way of modifying the in
fluence of post canteens;
There is every reason to believe that the Mexicans
will soon have an opportunity of making a; great
number o? good Indians. The Yaquis, it is said, in
tend to attack Guaymas.
The vigor displayed by the new police authorities
in arresting Chinese gamblers is charming, but why
are the white gamblers left unmolested?.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-vestibuled Pullman tourUt
Bleeping cars via Santa Fe route, Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and. Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 828 Market street.
ONLY TWO WEEKS' PAY
FOR SICK ABSENTEES
C?ivil Service Order That Has Caused
Consternation in Federal
Circles.
Port Collector Jackson has been noti
fied by the Treasury Department that
hereafter employes in that branch of the
service will not be allowed pay when off
duty on account of sickness for more
than fourteen days In any one calendar
year, without- permission of the depart
ment. The notification was productive of
much dissatisfaction and adverse com
ment In the. Custom-house. Heretofore
each employe had been allowed fourteen
days' vacation in each year with full pay,
and in case of sickness pay for not ex
ceeding thirty days.
.The Treasury Department has found
that frequent absences of employes under
plea of sickness have embarrassed the
public service, and that political consider
ations have been very often brought to
bear upon collectors to grant extended
absences from duty under full pay when
oftentimes such absences were not neces
sary.
CaL glace fruit 60c per » at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's). 510 Moot-
comery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— W. Bement and
W. R. Holding of San Francisco are at
the Empire. William Montgomery of Los
Angeles is at the Netherlands.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— E. F. Mitch
ell of Fresno, who was minute clerk of
the last California Legislature, has ar
rived in Washington and succeeds Miss
Parsons of Modesto as private secretary
to Representative, Needham. Miss Par
sons has been appointed clerk in the Cen
sus Bureau. W. C. Hawley, Postmaster
of San Jose, Is at the Raleigh; Ralph Hot
ton and wife of San Francisco are at the
Metropolitan. -- '';.-•;- '^
or Folsom penitentiary of California 13
restored to citizenship unless It be by
pardon by the Governor or by the pro
visions of the Goodwin act.
TO DALMATIA-A Subscriber, Wat
sonville, Cal. The fact that you are a
native of Dalmatia and that you are a
naturalized citizen of the United States
will not project you In the matter of an
obligation to the country of your birth
before you became an American citizen.
If before you became a citizen of th-*
United States you had not performed
military duty in the land of your birth,
should you return there now you would
be liable to perform that duty, and your
American citizenship would not protect
you.
RABBITS— Q.. Holllster, Cal. The
means used in the Australian colonies for
the destruction of rabbits are rabbit
proof fences, poisons and the Introduction
of the natural enemies of the rabbits,
such as cats and other carniverous ani
mals, but the latter have become as great
a pest as rabbits. During the past five
years the New Zealand colony has ex
ported 15,000.000 rabbit skins, and the de
mand Is Increasing. Recently the can
ning of rabbit meat has become a large
Industry and promises to becom* an Im
portant one. These exports have been
principally to the European markets.
INTRODUCTIONS— A. W., City. This
correspondent asks: "If a lady Is seated
and Is Introduced to a gentleman, is It
proper for her to retain her seat or
should she rise?*' In the first place, the
gentleman should be Introduced to the
lady and not the lady to the gentleman.
As a general thing an introduction should
be acknowledged by a bow. That beln?
the case, how can a lady bow gracefully
while she remains seated? It la courtesy
to the one who Is introducing and the
one who- Is being Introduced for the lady
to rise, and In that way show that inter
est 13 taken in the formality, but an el
derly person or one who is an invalid i 3
excused from rising. Not to rise shows
Indifference. If. in addition to the bow,
the hand Is offered, it should not be re
jected.
THE GOLDEN GATE— A Subscriber,
City. "The Golden Gate" is applied to th&
entrance from the Pacific Ocean to the
bay of San Francisco and not to an imag
inary line from one point to another. It
lies In latitude 37 degrees 48 minutes north,
and longitude 122 degrees and 30 minutes
west from Greenwich. The entrance is a
strait about five miles long with an aver
age width of one and a half miles. The
name Chrysopaloe or Golden Gate first ap
pears In the "Geographical Memoirs of
California" and relative map published by
Colonel John C. Fremont In the early part
of IS4S. Many are under the impression
that the name was applied to the strait
because gold was discovered In California
and that as In those days the strait was
the principal avenue of entrance to the
State, which was designated as th« Golden
State, it was called the Golden Gate, but
it was descriptive, not of the literal golden
regions within, then as yet undiscovered,
but merely of the rich and fertile country
which surrounded the shores of the bay,
and of the wealth of the commerce of the
Pacific, passing through the strait Trould
certainly give to the future great city of
the place. The name was probably sug
gested by the Golden Horn of Constanti
nople.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F. H. Lang, a rancher of Salinas, is a
guest at the Lick.
William H. Devljn, a s prominent attor
ney of Sacramento, Is at the Lick.
Rev. L. Norman Tucker is registered at
the Occidental from Vancouver, B. C.
Frank H. Buck, a wealthy fruit raiser
of Vacaville, is a guest at the Palace.
E. C. Creller, a well-known mining man
of Grass Valley, is at ; the, Grand.
Jesse D. Carr, a capitalist of Salinas, is
among the recent arrivals at the Occi
dental.
R. E. Jack, a banker and capitalist of
San Luis Obispo, is a late arrival at the
Palace. - *•¦ -
Hon. R. Boyle is registered at the Occi
dental from London. Mrs. Boyle Is with
her husband.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Baldwin are at the
Palace from their Mountain View ranch
in Santa Clara County.
Judge W. E. At water, of Derby, Conn.,
Is at the Occidental, where he arrived last
evening, accompanied by his wife.
Dr. A. A. Finch, one of the leading med
ical men of Astoria, Or., Is a guest at the
Occidental while on a visit of pleasure to
this city.
UNCLE SAM WILL GO IT ALONE.
—The Brooklyn Eagle.
THE JOINING OF THE OCEANS.
—The Philadelphia Inquirer.
THE CANAL AND THE CARTOONISTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1900.
PARTY DIVISION.
THE CALL recently advised that there be" little or
no legislation at t this session of Congress for
our new possessions. This advice was given be
cause opinion on that subject in the Republican party
is neither crystallized nor unanimous. The issue has
not been profoundly examined. The facts in the case
are not yet widely known. A legislative- policy
adopted now has no assurance of being right as a
permanency. It has no assurance in our present state
of knowledge of being adapted to the situation with
which it will deal The Bryan Democracy, stand
ing in opposition, has exhibited all the features of an
opportunism which may do harm. A few months ago
its organs were loudly demanding that the flag be
"nailed to the Philippines" and that the government
of those islands be non-constitutional. Now they are
as brazenly demanding that the constitution be in
all respects extended to the same Philippines and
Porto Rico as well !
There are supreme difficulties, turn which way Con
gress will. As we foresaw, the first attempt at legis
lation, in the case of Porto Rico, has developed a di
vision of sentiment in the Republican party which
destroys the integrity of its majority in the House.
The Bryan Democracy in that body promptly de
serts the position of its organs, which demanded
non-constitutional government, and lines up for ex
tension of the constitution to all these posses
sions. This is in line with their opportunism.
They are lacking in that sincerity which originates
in principles and convictions. They are now denounc
ing President McKinley for nailing the flag to the
Philippines and taking Porto Rico, both of which
acts they were demanding eighteen months, ago.
Had he taken neither they would be denouncing him
now for the omission. Faced by such an opposition,
it behooves the Republican party to digest its policy
at leisure and finally so found it on immovable prin
ciples and known facts as to avoid such divisions is
that led last week by Littlefield of Maine and promptly
supported in the House by the Democratic minority.
A year and a half ago the Bryan Democratic press
was pointing with pride to the imperial policy of Great
Britain as worthy of our imitation. They were prais
ingthe democratic freedom of the civil institutions of
England. Now they are denouncing everything Eng
lish as stoutly and profanely as did old Petrnus Stuy
vesant, Governor of New Amsterdam, who carried it
to the extent of chopping down the English cherry
trees which grew in front of hfs house. There
is no doubt at all that if this administration should be
involved in a warlike controversy with Great Britain
these same organs and leaders would immediately
change again and become hysterically pro-British.
They learned the habit during our civil war. When
we took Mason and Slidell, the Confederate envoys,
from the deck of a British ship, they attacked Lin
coln and Seward for insulting England. And, when
after mature consideration, we. surrendered the two
Confederates to England, they attacked Lincoln for
what they called "a cowardly surrender."
Faced by such an unstable and unprincipled opposi
tion, Republican leaders must see that their duty is to
profoundly study the new and afflicting problems
which have come out of the Pandora's box of the
Spanish war and not proceed until the}' are sure of
the right policy on lines that will keep the party intact.
When we advised this course recently we did not
expect as prompt an object lesson as is furnished by
the situation developed in the House last week. Sup
pose that the division led by Mr. Littlefield shall, by
alliance with the Bryan minority in both branches of
Congress, succeed in securing free trade, throughout
the campaign the labor vote of this country will be
besieged and besought to defeat the Republican party
because it has been forced to competition with a
tropical wage of 25 cents a day.
The country, right or wrong, holds the party in
power responsible for government and for a great
many things th.it government cannot do. It will be
weak and useless therefore to answer this persuasion
of the labor vote by charging the situation to . the
minority. Their answer is ready. It will be: "You
had a majority in both houses of Congress What
they did is what you consented should be done."
And the Republican answer can be only a confession
of the division of sentiment in the Republican party
and therefore a confession of its inefficiency.
AMUSEMENTS.
T!voll-'The Idol*! Eye." "
Orvheum — Vaudeville.
Gr*na Ooera-fcoute — "Aladflln Jr."
Grand Opera-house — Symphony Concert Thur?c'.aj- After-
noon, March I.
California— "TEe Silence of Dean Maitland."
Calif or.-ila — Operatic concerts, Tuesday afternoon, March 6.
Alcazar— *"Tl:e New South."
Columbia— "The Old Homestead."
Chutes. Zoo and Tce&ter — Vaudeville every afternoon and
rvenitis.
Olympia. oorn»r of Mason and Eddy streeta — Specialties.
Sh^rman-Clay Hall— Piano recitals, Monday morning-. Mar. 5
Mechanics' favilion— Trained Animal Show. Saturday,
March Z.
Oakland Race Track— Kaces.
6Posed as an Army Surgeon.
Antone Aston?. 961 Mission street, ap
plied for a warrant yesterday for tha ar
rest of Joseph C. C. Price on a charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses. He
paid Price had represented himself aa an
army surgeon and borrowed $25 from him.
giving a worthless check on the First
National Bank. 'yrrIBBBwIWBB
were used as cooling agents were them
selves liquefied or solidified with more or
less difficulty. It is not necessary, how
ever, that a substance should be In the
liquid or solid form to produce a coolin*
effect. A gas may be made to cool itself.
Heat Changes in Compression and
Expansion.
Everybody who has ever pumped ap a
bicycle tire with a hand pump knows
that the compressed air is hot. The work
done upon the air by the pumping in
creases its store of heat and raises it*
temperature. If the air thos compressed
Is allowed to escape into the atmosphere
It has to push away the outside air, do-
Ing work upon it. and Is coiled In the
process. Moreover. If the compressed air
has been allowed to cool to the ordinary
atmospheric temperature before It Is re
!e JV?*w' the lssui DX Jet of expanding air
will be felt to be distinctly cold. This
Is the action upon which the modern "re
generative method" is based.
The Regenerative method.
This method is used on a considerable
scale, chiefly by three experimenters—
Linde in Germany, Hampsin in England
and Tripler in America. As Tripler's ope
rations seem to be the most extensive, as
well as the most interesting to us for
other reasons, his method ' will be de
scribed bo far as it is publicly known. It
is almost absurdly simple. There Is an
air compressor operated by steam power,
colls In which the compressed air Is cooled
to the temoerature of the water run
ning over them, and a "llquefler," as It
Is called, from which liquid air Is drawn
by the gallon when the plant is in ope
ration.
The air Is compressed three times, with
cooling between; first, to about sixty
pounds above the atmospheric pressure
then to about 400 pounds, and last to SOO
pounds to the square inch. The dust is
filtered from the air before it enters the
compressor and there is another separa
tion at the highast pressure to take out
the last traces of foreign matter. The
air Is at 2500 pounds pressure and at tha
temperature of the cooling tanks then
passes to the- liqu<»fiers, of which there
are two. Just what the construction of
the liqueflers Is is not publicly known.
Their essential parts are a long coil of
copper tube surrounded by a cylinder
which is thoroughly wrapped in Insulat
ing material. The compressed air passes
through the copper tube and Is released
at the end by means of a needle valve,
said to be of some particularly advanta
geous design. At this point It expands to
about the atmospheric pressure, and is
very greatly cooled in the process. This
expanded and cooled air then passes back
ward over the colls of pipe and escapes,
cooling the compressed air within, which.
In its turn, expands at the valve and ts
still further cooled. The process Is, there
fore, progressive and cumulative in its
coolin? effect, and the lowering of tem
perature at the release point soon be
comes so great that part of the air lique
fies and collects In the lower end of the
liqueflers, from which it can be drawn oft
like so much water by opening a tap.
Not the least wonderful thing about it
is that this liquid air. at a temperature
far below any of which we can have an
adequate conception, ts handled In appar
ently the most careless fashion without
injury, poured about like water, and
transported hundreds of miles in open
buckets. ;b?HH"W>IR**
Note— The study of "Utfuld Air" win ba"
concluded next Tuesday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ <57v? LAMEDA, Feb. 26.-Wrapped in
// v flames from head to foot Miss
, ll Vv Agnes Jollymour dashed out
if;/* of the store of P. W. Wobber,
1545 Park street, this afternoon,
creating great excitement on Ala
meda's main thoroughfare. The
flames were quickly extinguished,
but the young lady was so badly
burned that she cannot recover.
The fire was caused by the explo
sion of a can of gasoline and Miss
Jollymour, who remained conscious
throughout her suffering, was able to
make a statement as to the manner
of the accident to the physicians who
attended her. She said she went into
the shed in the rear of the Wobber
store, where the illuminating oils are
kept, for the purpose of filling a can.
with gasoline. The shed was dimly
lighted by a small coal oil lamp, but
Miss Jollymour did not notice its
proximity to the gasoline.
She had Just begun to pour the
gasoline when it exploded. In an
instant she was enveloped in flames
and ran screaming into the street.
George Foster of Foster & Son, con
tractors, was working upon a build
ing in course of erection adjoining
animal. Deeley brusquely told him to
mind his own business. Smith replied that
was Just what he was doing and showed
his badge. .Thereupon Deeley Sobbed
him by the collar and dragged him to the
patrol box. Smith wanted to know what
he was arrested for and Deeley replied
"for Interfering with an officer."
Smith was taken -to the City Prison
and after being booked gave $20 cash bail
for his release. He said that Deeley had
used vulgar language toward him. Alter
he had been released from prison he saw
the horse being taken to Westphal s sta
bles and when he asked Deeley again
who the owner was Deeley threatened to
again arrest him. '¦¦¦¦"¦ . .
After disposing of Smith Deeley had re
turned to the trench to extricate the
horse and Caleb A. Ensign, inspector for
the Electric Light Company, who had as
sisted In dragging the animal out during
Deeley's absence, asked him 'if he knew
the owner. Deeley at once became abusive
and arrested Ensign on the charge of in
terfering with an. officer. C. VV e ™»on;,» on ;,
years old, and an old veteran of the Civil
\Var, who resides at the Yountville home,
happened to be near Ensign at the time
and Deeley grabbed hold of him and
threw him down. The old man weakly
protested and Deeley promptly placed him
under arrest for interfering with an offi
cer. They were both taken to the City
Prison. Ensign, gave cash bail, but the
poor old man was unable to do so ana
was detained in prison. *
Smith, accompanied by Secretary Hol
brook of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, made a formal com
plaint against Deeley to Chief of Police
Sullivan and Deeley was sent for. Smith
had the names of several witnesses who
would testify to hearing the abusive lan
guage and also that Deeley was under the
influence of liquor. • .'¦ '::"¦
Deeley denied that he was under the
Influence of liquor and defended his con>
duct by saying that the crowd interfered
with him while he was trying to extricate
the horse. The Chief said he would await
the issue of the cases In the Police Court
before-taking any action in the matter.
22. A bolster; un traversin.
Un trah-verce-ang.
23. A blanket; une couverture.
Oon koo-ver-toor.
Note— The two genders In French, manculln*
and feminine, are determined by nature, spell
ing and derivation.
24. Take up my baggage; montez mes
bagages. ..••>
Mon-tay may ba-gahje.
25. What is your name? QueU/est rotre
norn?
Kell-ay votr nong.
26. The hours of the meals; les heurea
dcs repas. ¦
Lays u're c!ay repah.
27. The number of my room; le nnmero
de ma chambre.
Luh noo-may-ro duh man shorabr.
Note— All the French verbs In the Infinitive
end either with er, lr. oir or r». From this
classification the different conjugations are
formed." We shall occasionally gtre % prac
tical rule which will aid the student material
ly in forming and using the French verbs.
2S. Give me a candlestick; donnez-mot
un bougeoir.
ung boo-zhwar.
23. Make a fire In my room; faites dv
feu dans ma chambre.
Feht dv fun dong mah .
30. A rocking chair; un fauteuil a bas
cule.
Ung fo-tiyh ah bas-kule.
Note— Here follow very useful worts and
idiomatic exrresrtons. The student will care
fully try to study them. If possible commit
them* to memory. The numbers and the names
of the months will be given in the next lesson.
31. Walt a moment; attendez_un^in
stant.
Att-aun-day zun-nans-tant.
32. Who is there? Qui est-ce?
Kee-ace.
33. The gas; le gaz.
Luh-ghaz.
34. Open the door; ouvrez la porte.
Oovray lah port.
35. Shut the window; fermez la fene'tre.
Fair-may lah fen-n*ttr.
36. The register: le calorlfere.
kalor-eef-air.
37. The mantelpiece; la chemlnee.
• shemm-een-ay.
38. Lower the blind; baissez le store.
Bay-ss-ay luh store.
39. At the hotel table; a la table d'hOt«.
Ah lah tabl', dote.
40. According to the menu card; a la
carte.
Ah lah cart.
41. The- bill of fare for the day; la cart*
dv Jour.
Lah cart du-Jouhr.
Monday; lundi; lung-dee.
Tuesday; mardl: mahr-dee.
Wednesday; mercredi; mair-cre-dee.
Thursday: jeudi; juh-dee.
Friday; vendredl: vong-dr-dee.
Saturday; samedl; sam-riee.
Sunday; dlmanche; dee-maun-«h.
Note — The days of the week, also the name*
of the months, an* written with small letters.
Reading Lesson.
The following Is the proper translation
of the French exercise of lesson 1. Th»
student will carefully compare the sama
with his work, noting the difference in.
the construction of the two languages. It
Is advisable that each exercise be correct
ed, copied and again compared. When
all is found to be perfectly correct, study
each phrase by heart:
(1) I am an Englishman; I do not speak
one word of French. (2) I come from Lon
don. (3) I left England on Monday. (4) I
arrived In Paris In the evening. (5) Coma
Into my furnished rooms. («) I have seen
"to rent" In the window. (7) There is the
exit. (8) I do not understand French. (9)
Do you speak French? (10) No, sir. I do
not speak French. (11) Please bring me
some soap, some hot water and a towel.
(1J) As well as some matches. fl3) Tha
refreshment room is closed to-d&y. (14)
Smoking prohibited In this room. (15> Is*
there a letter box in this hotel? (16) I do
not know.
Vocabulary— Montrez; show. Sonnez;
ring. Quelque chose; anything. Je veux;
I wish. Dejeuner; breakfast. Bottes;
shoes. Tasse; cup. The; tea. Sonnette:
bell. Verre; glass. Cracher; to spit. Be
eoin; need.
Read and translate into English:
(1) Garcon, montez mes bajrages dans
ma chambre. (2) Quelle heure est-il? (3>
II est (9) neuf^ heures. (4) Revelllez-mol a
(7) sept w heures. (3) Oft est le cabinet de
toilette? (6) Sonnez si vous^avez besom
de quelque chose. (7) Cirez (blacken) mes
bottes. c 8) Donnez-mol un verre d'eau.
(9) Je veuxwune tasse de the chaud. (10)
Ou est la sonnette? (11) Je rettx-<un
timbre-poste (postage stamp).
Xote — The English translation of this exer
cise will be published next Tuesday.
Note— These lessons have been prepared for Tb* Call's Home Study Circle by Pro
fessor Benno Klrschbaum of Philadelphia. They are Intended primarily for Americans who
propose attending th« Paris Exposition. These lessons will include (1) common French
words aad phrases, (2) easy conversation and (2> simple reading lessons.
DETJXrEME LECON.— LESSON 2.
Hints on Pronunciation.
1. The student has seen in the preced
ing lesson.that many letters of the French
alphabet are like the English. The chief
difficulty of the French pronunciation is
confined to the sounds v. eu and the
nasals. It would therefore seem best to
familiarize oneself with these vowels as
soon as possible. To effect this success
fully they should be gone over and re
hearsed dally for some time, first singly—
viz., v, eu, an, in, on, un, and then united
•to the other letters, using for that pur
pose the words of the exercises and
phrases that will appear In the lesson
viz., lundi. mercredl, printemps, jeudl,
deux, premier, dernier, etc.; lung-dee,
mair-cre-dee, prang-tong, juh-dee, duh,
prem-ee-ay, dare-nee-ay.
2. Amonsr the consonants are two requir
ing special attention, soft g and J. which
ought both to be pronounced Hko z In
azure; the soft g is always followed by i
or c, otherwise It Is hard.
3. The final s is generally mute in
French; it is blended with the following
vowel, then it sounds like z. See lesson v,
4. There are three accents in French!.
(1) Aigu, ay-gu ('). a mark from the right
to the left over c, as etc; (2) grave, grahv
("), a mark from the left to the right over
the letters a, c, v (a. c, v). as pere; (3)
circonflexe, ceer-kohn-flex ("*>, a double
mark composed of the former two, over
the letters a, c, 1. o. v (a, c, !. 0, 0). as
1 tete.
6. Another important mark is the so
called "c6dllle.' r say-dee-y (,). which is
placed under tha c (c.) before the vowels
a. o, v. thus making the sound of c like
that of s— viz., rec.u. re-suh. No cedllle is
required before 1 or c.
6. The "tralt-d" union" mark, tral-doon
yon (-) connects one word, syllable or
letter with another— viz. :
Voulez-vous me dormer un timbre-poste?
Voo-lay voo muh don-nay un-tang-br
poh-st?
Will you give me a stamp?
Memory Exercises.
Much Needed Words and Phrases.
1. The hotel; l'hotel.
Lo-tell.
2. The office; le bureau.
Luh bu-roh.
3. The manager; le gerant.
Zja-rang.
4. The elevator; l'ascenseur.
L/ass-sen-suhr.
5. The waiter; le garcon.
Luh rahr-sson.
6. The chambermaid; la femm« de
cbambre.
Lah-fahm duh shombr.
Note— The student will observe that the letter
h Is ua«d In the pronunciation In place of the
short vowel sign, as: tie. duh; le, luh, etc.
7. Haw much per day? Comblen par
Jour?
Kom-bee-yap pahr mhour?
8. By the -week; par semalna.
Pahr amen.
9. The story; l'etage.
Lay-tazh.
10. On the second flat; au second.
O s'gon.
11. Where 1* our hotel? Ou est notre
hotel?
Oo a no-tr
12. Rlvoll street; Rue de RlvolL
Ru duh ree-vo-lee.
13. Whaf number? Quel num«ro?
Kell nu-may-ro.
14. Send me a cab; envoyea-mol un
fiacre.
On-vwa-yay mwa un fee-akr.
Note— The definite article "the" Is expressed
as follows: .
le. before any masculine noun In the singular.
as le Jour; l'uh zjouhr.
la. before any feminine noun In the singular,
as la semalne: lah t'men.
I', before any noun beginning with a vowel
or h mute, as l'hotal; 10-tell.
les, before any noun In the plural, a* les
fiacres; lay fee-acr.
15. Are you the landlord? etes-vons le
proprlfitalre?
Et voo luh prop-pree-a-tare?
18. Service is extra; le service est^apart.
Sair-ve«ce ate-ta par.
. 17. Give me a room on the first floor;
donnez-moi uoe chambre au premier.
Don-nay mwa oon o prem-e«
ay.
18. On the second floor; au second.
O s'gon.
19. Is there an elevator? T a-t-Il an as
censeur?
Ec at-teel ung
20. Are the beds clean? Lea lit* stmt^ils
propres?
Lay lee song 'teel propr.
21. A pillow; un oreiller.
Un or-ray-a.
SOME ERRORS
DISCOVERED IN
SHEEHAN'S BOOKS
Former Tax Collector Will
Be Called Upon to Ex
plain Them. :
Neglect to Mark Collections Paid for
Which Property Owners Hold Re
ceipts May Cause Serious
Complications.
Grave errors were discovered* yesterday
in the records left by ex-Tax Collector
Sheehan which will certainly require an
explanation from that former public of
ficial. While Tax Collector Scott is in
clined to the opinion that the errors were
merely clerical it Is quite likely that
Sheehan will be called upon to deposit a
sum equal to the amount Involved In the
case. V-, ; ;-
The errors consisted In the failure of
Sheehan's deputies to stamp as paid two
amounts for which the owners of certain
properties hold receipts, showing that the
taxes had been collected during Sheehan's
administration. . While William Rodgers,
a clerk employed by Simpson & Millar,
searchers of records, was making ab
stracts of property owned by Slgmund
Greenbaum he discovered that a piece of
land at the southeast corner of Van Ness
avenue and Chestnut street, assessed at
$4500, had been marked delinquent on the
first Installment and a penalty of $5 51
added. Rodgers reported the matter to
Mr. Greenbaum, who at once produced a
receipted bill signed by M. T. Sullivan,
who was cashier in the office under Shee
han, showing that $3G 68 had been paid
for the first installment on November 25,
1599. There was no entry of payment in
the volume of the assessment roll against,
this piece of property, although a piece
entered directly above had been marked
paid on the same date as the taxes on
the first piece had been collected.
A peculiar circumstance in this con
nection Is that the amount $36 68 was en
tered In the cash book on the date men
tioned. A lead pencil check mark, how
ever, had been erased, but not complete
ly, and this further complicates the situa
tion.
No sooner had this error been discovered
than another was found concerning apiece
of property assessed to E. M. Heaton et
al. for $400, being lot 5 In West End map
No. 2. The first Installment of $3 26 Is
not marked paid in the office records,
but Heaton has in his possession a re
ceipted bill showing that he paid the tax
on November 27, 1899. In this case, how
ever, the payment can not be located In
the cash book In the tax office on that
date. This makes It evident that the
money never reached the city treasury
unless the payment was credited on an
other date, which will be difficult to as
certain.
Whether any more such omiwlons have
occurred through careless or worse meth
ods will not be known until the tax-pay
ers present themselves to pay their second
Installments or have their receipted bills
verified. The present Tax Collector de
clines to mark the .two payments referred
to In his books as paid merely on the pro
duction of the signed bills. It may neces
sitate that the payment be made a sec
ond time and the tax-payer must then
look to the Board of Supervisors for the
return of the duplicate payment. At any
rate, serious complications are liable to
ensue should the property be sold to the
State fof the taxes and - the property
owner, discovering it, should then pro
duce his receipted bill for the taxes paid.
PRESS WOMEN'S MATINEE.
Original Papers Form Part of an In-
teresting Programme.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press Asso
ciation spent a delightful afternoon yes
terday listening to a charming programme
of music and literature. The literary num
bers were all read by their respective
writers, each one of which has the honor
to belong to the association.
The programme In full was as follows:
Reading, "Sunset in Southern California,"
Rose Bushnell; chapter from "The Egyp
tian Novel,"- Alice Kingsbury.^Qooley;
song, "Merrily I Roam, Mrs. Il yon
Wefelsburg; poems from. "Songs Along
"The Old Homestead."
To San Franciscans "The Old Homestead" is
Zinkand's. the best and most popular restau
rant In the city. ' '-*S&S9QBB *
DILLON IS FREE.
Slayer of Charles Joyce Is Given His
Liberty.
Ex-Policeman Thomas H. Dillon, who
shot and killed Charles Joyce, grocer at
Seventeenth and Castro streets on Janu
ary 15, is a free man, Judge Conlan having
dismissed the case against him yesterday.
In rendering his decision the Judge said
It was a most unusual case, as most of
the witnesses for the prosecution might
lust as well have "been subpenaed for the
defense. Two of them, Charles Taylor and
Pye George, had testified that Joyce had
fired twice at Dillon before the latter re
turned the fire, and it was a clear case of
self-defense.
HERMANN-STREET TOUGHS.
Warrants Out for the Arrest of the
Gang's Leaders.
Mrs. Kate Strobel, 622 Hermann Btreet,
secured "John Doe" warrants in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday, for the arrest of
three hoodlums who have been making
her life miserable. The only charge that
could be made against them was for dis
turbing the peace. ' '
The three defendants are the leaders of
what is known as the Hermann-street
gang of hoodlums. They have terrorized
the residents on that and neighboring
streets, and Policeman C. M. Barnes has
been detailed to break up the gang.
Sunday night they congregated in front
of Mrs. Strobel' s house and raised such
a disturbance that she remonstrated,
whereupon they used vulgar language and
began firing snots from revolvers at the
side of the house. One of the bullets nar
rowly missed her. ,
After they left they went to the resi
dence of Mrs. Feldhauser. 119 Oermania
street, and fired several shots through the
woodwork.
FELL A VICTIM TO
DEATH, THE REAPER
Ir=SNATRICK F. WALSH, who for
was* 111 a few days. Ills career ' ipS " s*Uk. >' '-
has been a wide and a varied one.
Militia, at the first call and served a , '- r '""* W^
charged, but he declined to remain at i^i'ft.k^^SMk K^dM^Efcfclllg
home while the war was groins on and tfflMJ^^ Wn
at one© enlisted again, this time as a lgaB§Pjjp fry
private of Company Eof the Eighty- iffgjßßp B^mBBmBH 1^?
fourth Pennsylvania. He served with H§iF
Then, after being wounded at Win- ' ''*"'* *ssir
cheater, he was honorably discharged.
In the meantime he had raised him-
self from the rankß and after serving
several months as a lieutenant In his
company he was made captain," and he
held that rank when he left the ser- PATRICK P. WALSH.
vice. ". ' . . ¦ ' .' ..'••¦
After the war he remained a short time !n Pennsylvania and then. In 186«,
he turned his face westward and came to California. He did not remain long,
however, but when he returned In IS6B he came for good. He became Identi
fied with the Democratic party of the State soon after his arrival here and for
aIU the years he has lived In California he has always been known as a
stanch and willing worker in the cause of the Democracy. He was a ready
and forceful speaker and In every campaign his voice has been raised In
support and defense of the party to which he was so loyal. The military in
etinct ¦ remained with . him and found satisfaction in 1876, when he was made
adjutant general of the National Guard of California under Governor Irwin.
He served in that office until 1880. In ; 1884 he .was made; registrar of voters
for San": Francisco under Governor Btoneman and this office he held until 18S7.
In 1894 he was appointed United States Pension Agent for San Francisco. He
retired from the office in 1898.
< Mr. Walsh.waa a member of, George H. Thomas Post. G. A. R., of the
military order of the Loyal Legion . and of Valley Lodge, A. O. ,U. W.
.The funeral will take place from the residence to-morrow morning at half
past 9. Services will be held In St.' Dominic's Church on Stelner street, and
the interment will be in Calvary Cemetery. The 'different organizations to
which Mr. Walsh belonged at once offered to take charge of the funeral ar
rangements, but it. was decided to have the Services simple and without oe
tentatloh. The fraternal comrades of the deceased will therefore attend in
their individual capacity.,
The deceased was a genial,; whole-souled,, lovable man, and he numbered
his* friends from all walks and "conditions of life." He' was known as a man
of strong will and definite opinions and one true to those who had won his affec
tions. <In politics he was a loyal friend and a fair and : open enemy, and in
private life he wias above. reproach. He leave* a widow and three children.
Neglected Their Wives.
Esther Irwln has been granted a di
vorce from Washington Irwln on the
ground of willful neglect. Ella H. Smith
was granted a divorce from Charles A.
Smith yesterday on the ground of willful
neglect.
I.— LIQTJID ATB.
(Continued.)
Critical Temperature,
Of the substances familiar to every
body, some occur, under ordinary condi
tions, In the three states of gas, liquid
and solid. Water, for example, under the
usual pressure of the atmosphere, passes
into steam at 100 degrees centigrade or
212 degrees Fahrenheit, and freezes at 0
degrees centigTade or 32 degrees Fahren
heit. If the pressure Is increased the
boiling point rises, and if the pressure is
-lowered the boiling point falls accordlng
ly> The pressure and th« temperature
must both be taken into account. If the
temperature Is kept high, as In a steam
boiler, a greater pressure must be exerted
to maintain the water in the liquid state
and if the ordinary temperature were, on
the average. 400 degrees centigrade higher
than it is water would be known to us
only as a gas.
The researches of Andrews showed
clearly that a similar state of things ex
ists for every substance. That Is, there
is for every substance some point of tem
perature above which it cannot become
liquid, and this temperature is called the
"critical temperature." His most In
structive experiments were made with
"carbonic acid gas," or carbon dioxide,
wmen nas a critical temperature easily
reached. The nrst step, then, in the
liquefaction of any gas must evidently be
to reduce Its ' temperature below the crit
ical point. Then, and not before then,
will pressure become effective in reducing
It to a liquid. Evidently, also, any gas
will be easy or difficult to liquefy accord-
Ing as Its critical temperature is high or
low. Oxygen, whose critical temperature
is 118 degrees below zero, centigrade, re
sisted all efforts at liquefaction for many
years; nitrogen, with a critical tempera
ture of —146 degrees centigrade, was still
more refractory, and hydrogen, whose
critical temperature has not been exactly
determined, had to be cooled to about 233
degrees or more below the zero of the
centigrade scale before it yielded.
The attainment of these extremely low
temperatures was a matter of great diffi
culty and was accomplished only gradu
ally through years of experiment. The
means upon which chief reliance has been
placed until recently Is the heat change
occurring when a substance which melts
or boils at a low temperature is allowed
to change from the solid to the liquid or
from the liquid to the gaseous state.
Heat Changes in Melting and Boiling
When a solid is melted beat must be
continually supplied to It until the melt-
Ing Is completed. This heat is used In
doing the work of separating the particles
from the close bonds which make it a
solid. It produces no change In tempera
ture* and Is therefore called -"latent"
heat. The use of Ice In drinking water Is
a common illustration of this action, or
the freezing of Icecream by the melting
cf a mixture of Ice and $alt In the lat
ter case part of the necessary beat Is sup
plied t« the melting mixture by the cream
which is frozen, the freezing point ot the
cream being higher than the melting
point of the mixture. •;¦
Similarly, when a liquid Is changed to
a gas, a steady supply of heat is neces
sary, much greater than Is needed to melt
the same quantity of the substance. It
Is possible to evaporate water so rapidly
under a reduced jjressure that the water
Itself is frozen. The heat Is used in work
at a rapid rate and is taken from the body
of water which is evaporating. . Small
portions of substance* which are usually
gaseous have been solidified In this way.
By means of this action, and by a
proper choice of substances, very low
temperatures have been produced. The
method is still used . and must continue
to be. In the past it has been an expen
sive method because the substances which
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
Note— These papers. on Practical Science have been prepared for The Call's Roto*
Study Clrcte by Professor William J. Hopkins of Drexel Institute.
AMUSEMENTS.
MIDWEEK STAKE TO BE
RUN AT UNION PARK
The draw for the midweek stake to be
run at Union Coursing Park to-morrow
took place at Pythian Castle last night
and resulted as. follows:
Midweek reserve make, 4S entries — J. L.
Rosa' Just Tip vs. P. Retlly's Richmond Queen;
J. Horn's Bona Fide vs. M. B. Kavana«h's
Hard Lines; Ed WiUon's (names) Magnet vs.
J. Rounlne's Dempsey Lass; Pasha Kennels'
Reannex vs. Pasha Kennels' Round About; J.
Mooney's Silent Treasure vs. F. A. McComb's
Little Sister; Curtis & Son's McKiniey vs. A.
L Austin's Firm Foe; Maher & Reid's Nellie
Bawn v». Connell Bros.* Clover; P. Reilly'a
Master Mat vs. J. M. Halton's Tic Tac; J.
Keenan's Royal Oak vs. M. Michallkl's Old
Glory; P. Doyle's "Wild Monarch vs. R, Strehl's
Skylark; Pasha Kennels' Rude Awakening vs.
Connell Bros.' Good Bye; P. J. Rellly's Grafter
vs. Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara; J. Rodders' Sweet
Nola vs. M. Michallkl's Glenroy; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Miss Skyrocket vs. F. A. McComb's
Sweet Favordale; A. L. Austin's Los Angeles
vs. Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon; J. Keenan's
Blacklock vs. D. Winder's (names) Risky At
tempt; J. D. Cardlneil's Thornhlll Comet vs.
Maher & Reid's Singleton; Kelly & Conroy's
Magnolia vs. P. Reilly's Expense; D. "Winder's
(names) Random Aim vs. F. A. McComb's One
Spot; Aeneld Kennels' Aethena vs J. M. Hal
ton's (names) Said Pasha; Pasha Kennels'
Ready Answer vs. T.,J. Harrington's Southern
Girl; F. A. McComb's (names) Walt a Bit vs.
W. F. Hobbe" Mercy May; Connell Bros.' Green
Isle va. Pacha Kennels' Rest Assured; E.
Baumelster's Winning Ways vs. Pasha Ken
nels' May Hempstead.
LUMBER FRAUD WILL
NEVER BE EXPLAINED
Defective Indictment Prevents a
Judgment as to the Guilt or In
nocence of Burns, O'Brien
and Swift.
Ex-School Director T. A. Burns, ex-In
spector of Buildings J. J. O'Brien and
Edward D. Swift, lumber merchant, were
dismissed from custody by Judge Cook
yesterday after several days had been ex
pended In an effort to convict them of de
frauding the city out of $5000 on alleged
fraudulent transactions In connection
with the School Department.
Several days ago defendants* counsel
moved for the dismissal of the defendants
on the ground that there was a material
variance between the wording of the In
dictment upon which they were tw.lng
prosecuted and the contract upon which
the indictment was framed. After
lengthy argument Judge Cook took the
matter under advisement and the trial
was continued. Yesterday Judge Cook
found that the point urged in favor of de
fendants was well taken and instructed
the jury to acquit the defendants. The
Jury followed instructions and the ac
cused went forth purged of the charge
against them.
the Wobber store. Miss. Jollymour
ran to him, putting her hands- upon
his shoulders. Foster told the girl
to lie down In order that he and
others who came to his assistance
might have a better chance to stamp
out the fire. She refused to obey
and wae finally thrown to the ground.
The flames were not easily subdued,
but finally Foster procured a bucket,
filled It with water from a barrel
used by plasterers, and threw It upon
the suffering girl.
Miss M. M. Smith, whose father is
engaged In the tea business next to
the Wobber store, saw Miss Jolly
mour run into the street and held her
In her arms while the flames were
being quenched. Her own clothing
was slightly scorched.
Miss Jollymour was removed to the
home of her mother, 1130 Park
avenue, where all that could be done
was performed by kind hands. The
physicians In attendance think there
Is small hope for her recovery. Over
one-half of her body Is horribly
burned, particularly about the abdo
men. In her efforts to .beat the
flames away her hands were also
burned.
"When Miss Jollymour came run
ning out of the store," said Miss
Smith," she was a mass of fire from
the ground to her chest. I ran to
her assistance and after she had been
forced to the walk, held her in my
arms. I screamed to the men not to
use any water, but they found they
could not get the flames out with
their hands and so dashed It upon
her."
"There was nothing else to do but
use the water," said George Foster.
"We tried to stamp the fire out, but
It seemed to be getting worse. I
know that water Is not considered a
good thing to use, but I had rather
use some of It than see the whole
body scorched with burns."
Once before in her life Miss Jolly
mour had been a victim of fire. When
she was 10 years old her clothing
caught fire from a grate . and she
came near being burned to death.
the Way," Emily Browne Powell; read-
Ing (selected). Frances B. Bdgerton;
"What the Hollyhock Saw," Nellie Bless
ing Eyster; tenor solo (selected). Dr. J.
F. Smith, accompanist Miss Pauba,
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
WRAPPED IN FLAMES, SHE
DASHED INTO THE STREET
Agnes Jollymour Fatally Burned in a
Gasoline Explosion.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1900.
POLICE OFFICER
GROSSLY ABUSES
HIS AUTHORITY
Excitement Over Extricating
a Horse — Arrested for
Asking Questions.
Several Citizens Complain That They
Were Subjected to Great Hu
miliation by Patrolman
Deeley.
Policeman Lawrence J. Deeley appears
to possess an unforunate faculty for get
ting Into trouble with Inoffensive civil
ians. A few weeks a^o he distinguished
himself by arresting a crazy man whom
he found In a Southern Pacific boxcar,
after shooting him In the foot.
Yesterday morning Deeley again dis
tinguished himself. A runaway horse had
fallen Into the trench made by the work
men of the Independent Electric Light
Company on Third street, near Steven
son. A message had been sent to the
Southern police station and Sergeant Mc-
Manus sent E>eeley to see what could be
done to extricate the animal. As soon as
Deeley arrived on the scene trouble be
gan. W. F. Smith, coal dealer at 327 Sut
ter street and a member of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
asked Deeley If he knew the owner of the
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream. Makeup
and Rouca Gras. Sold by all drusrgtata. •
Positively cared by tbeee
little Pills,
They also rdieve Distress from Drrupßh,
Indigestion aad Too Hearty Eating. Aper.
tect ranndy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowd.
ness, Bad Tasteto the Month, Coated Tongue
i'ain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Rrejulate the Bowels. Pnidy Vegetable.
Small Fill. Small Dose.
Smati Price, ]
A visit OR. JORDAN'S great
{BUSEUM OF ANATOMY
i Q£ ttaiuxxzrcr.tei.e-.&tTa.s.r.feL
\ •** The I_»r j~.t Anatomical Muteem in the
W w 'o»'<l »ak««s« or any contracted
** / &Aa 8 b f* a *'-'> t ' » the C**ifc E»t- 36 year*
& fifEjJ OK- .KttDAN-PR'YATE DISEASES
> f'XVTMS _ t - O3Hjlt » t >°" free «nd itri.-tljr priti* \
9 M Jrs H k!" " raent pervonolly or by letter. A 4
\fi V ll R •**•'"* CW« tn e»ery catc undertakes. T
m P (I IV
T 1 I I' KUIUCE, MAILED FREB. (AT
6 Q 11 ?MuaMe bgok far mr-nl \
7 OH J<iHDt\ A CO.. 1051 MarlKftSt..S. F. f
Q^^^'^^^fc*«»^^sw^*^^g
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
THE MUSICAL EVENT OF THE SEASON.
WEEKS OF MARCH 5 AND 12.
SIX GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
ON THE
WAGNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
MADAME GADSKI,
Pritna Donna.
MR. DAVID BISPHAM,
Barytone.
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH,
Composer and Conductor.
Under the Direction of Mr. C. L.. GRAFF.
REPERTOIRE OF FIRST WEEK. .
Tuesday afternoon. March 6. at 2:15
"TAXSHAUSER"
Thursday afternoon, March S. at 2:15
"THE FLYING DUTCHMAN"
Friday afternoon, March 9. at 2:15
"DIE MEISTERSINGER"
Second Week— Evenings of March 12. 13. It.
Subscription tickr-ts far the entire series of
fix concerts, JlO. fl2. 115. Tickets for single
rwrformencce, 75c. Jl.OO. t1.50. JI.OO. $2.50, $3.00.
Keaeon Sale of treats Opens TO-DAY
At the box efnee of the California Theater at
'9 o'clock.
Rale cf tickets for pinsle nerformances ¦will
o;>en Thursday Morning. March 1. at 9 o'clock.
Free List PuFnen^ed Without Exception.
STEINWAY PIAXO USED.
GERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
—
(Preliminary to the Concerts at the California
Theater.)
Six Explanatory Recitals at the Piano
BY
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH
Under the Direction of C. L. GRAFF.
ON THE
WASNER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS
At II O'Ctock in the Morn in ft.
Mon. Mar. 5 "DAS RHEIXGOLD"
Wednesday. March 7 "DIE WALKURE"
Saturday, March 10 "SIEGFRIED"
Monday. March 12..."GOTTERDAMMERUNO"
Wednesday. March 14 "PARSIFAL"
Saturday, Mar. 17.. "TRISTAN AND ISOLDE"
Subecriptlcr. tickets for the series .16 00
Reserved sr-ats for Finple performances }1 SO
Season Sale of 'eats Begins To-Day
At Sherman. Clay & Co.'f, at 9 o'clock.
Sale of tickets for single performances opens
on THURSDAY MORNING. March 1. at 9
o'clock.
Free Lirt Suspended Without Exception.
STEINWAY PIANO USED.
THE LAST TIME.
TO-NIGHT.'
THE EMINENT AUSTRALIAN' ACTOR,
MR. II; R. ROBERTS,
In His Great Creation.
"THE SILENCE OF DEAN MAITLAND."
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
Rea.rr*arance cf the Popular Favorit*,
MISS MAGGIE MOOtfE.
In Robertson's Famous Musical Irish Comedy,
"MRS. QJINNV» TWINS."
Sunday Afternoon Next — A Powerful Pro-
duction. "DARKEST RUSSIA."
%
ENGAGEMENT LIMITED TO TWO WEEKS.
MAGNIFICENT RECEPTION
AFTER AN ABSENCE OF 12 YEARS.
DENMAN THOMPSON
Presenting His Original Creation of Uncle
Josh, In
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
GRANDER THAN EVER.
J. E. DODEON IX "BECAUSE SHE LOVED
HIM BO."
A COMEDY ~BILL OF UN-
USUAL MERIT.
FTtAICKS TRIO, in an unequalad acrobatic
com«dy act: TROVOLLO, the whole thins in
rentrlloquism : PASSPARTS, Italy's Daneln*
TVonflers- PAULINE MORAN and her Pick-
aninnies: KATHRYN OSTERMAN AND
COMPANY. CUSHMAN. HOLCOMBE AND
CURTIS HARRIS AND FIELDS. DE WITT
AND BURNS. AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved eeats. tU:: balcony. 10c; opera
chairs and box scats. Me.
Matinees Wednefday, Saturday and Sunday.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIFGB>'IA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
February "2* to'ilarch 10. Inclusive.
OAKLASP RACK TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
£^v Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Kl've or more races each day.
Hares »t*rt at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
i>n-y-boats leave Ban Francleco at 12 m. and
-"¦so 1 130 2 2:30 and 2p. m., connecting
with trains Utopian* at the entranc* to the
• rack La*t two <er» on train reserved for la-
dies and their errorts; no i>moking. Buy your
7*4- tickets to Pheil Mound. All trains via
<ia' 'and mole '-onnert with San Pablo avenue
l-l'eciric cars at S*v-nth and Broadway. Oak-
ffi Also all t, ..!."* via Alameda mole eon-
.VlV-t with 6*n Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and BiSiaw «>akl«.d. Tb«* electric car.
n. direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
RTtumlnr-Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
i? r> m and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Weil-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Out of the chaos of old-time failure comes a
new and ctartlln? cure for rupture. Dr. W. S.
Rice, 122 N. Main st.; Adams, N. V., has in-
MX. CHAi . LA G£.
vented a method that cures without pain, dan-
ger, operation or an hour's loss of time from
the day's work. To avoid all questions of
doubt he sends free to every suiTerer a free
trial of his method and there can b« no earthly-
reason why any one, rich or poor, should not
B vail themselves of this generous offer. As
an instance of this remarkable method, the
cure of Charles Lange, Morrison, 111., is a
welcome piece of intelligence.
Mr. Lenge is a well preserved old gentleman.
72 years cf age and for. eighteen years had a
bad double rupture which no treatment could
cope with. After a short use of the Rice
method the left rupture healed entirely and
the right was almost closed in a few weeks.
To-day he is as sound aa a dollar, wears no
truss or other support and his cure is only one
of hundreds of similar cases reported by those
who use the Rice method. Send for this free
trial. Don't be backward. It will suprlse you
with its wonderful power to heal. And if you
know of other ruptured people ask them to
write or write for them. Do not fall to write
at once: do so to-day.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN ES2.
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK OF
Immense Success of the New Tork De-
scriptive Singer,
EDWARD B. ADAMS,
And Our Fourth Edition.
NEXT WEEK— "A GIRI> FROM PARIS."
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra, Saturday
Matinee 25c
Branch Ticket Ofnce--Emporlum.
*TIVOLI*
"HOOT MON, I've Captured Them, Sure!"
slst TIME TO-NIGHT
Of the Record-BreaklnK Comic Opera,
The Idol's Eye.
Evenings at 8. Saturday Matinee at I. ¦
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
TELEPHONE— Bush 9.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO- A Story
NIGHT, To-day.
A DRAMATIC TRIUMPH.
By Clay M. Qre*a« and Joseph R. Grlsmcr,
The NEW SOUTH
MATINEE SATURDAT AND SUNDAY
XTB3XT -vVBEK-
The Sensational Farce. *
"NEUER AGAIN."
EXPOSITION BUILDING.
NORRIS & ROWE'S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS.
1^ ID AYS 16 V
Commencing SATURDAY, March 3d.
PERFORMANCES 2:SO and 8 P. M. DAILT.
ILLUMINATED STREET PARADE
FRIDAT NIGHT.
300-PERFORMING ANiMALS-300
TOU NEVER SAW ANYTHING QUITE SO
Don't miss the parade; you'll be sorry if you do.
SEE THE ZEBRA DRIVEN IN THE PARADE
PRICES— Adults 25c; Children 10c.
CHRISTIAN 'SCIENCE.
JUDOE WILLIAM O. EWINO of Chicago, a
member of the International Board of Lecture-
ship of the First Church of Christ, Scientist,
In Boston. Mas?., will lecture In Metropolitan
Temple TUESDAT EVENING. February 21, on
-CHRISTIAN BCIEJNCE, THE RELIGION OF
JESUS CHRIST."
The admission is Xrc« and th« public Is cor-
dUllT Invited. ¦ (
i *
7
PATRICK P. WALSH.There was a fair movement in securities on
the morning session, but there was no change
worthy of note.
There was a good .list of stocks sold in the
afternoon, but prices remained about as be
fore. Gas and Electric was firmer at $51 75 and
Giant Powder declined to $91374.
There was a fair business in the oil stocks.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar c0up. .114 — .
4s quar reg.... — 1144
4s quar new.., — 126
3s quar coup..HoV4 —
Miscellaneous—
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117 —
C C Wat 55. ...1064 —
Ed L & P 65..i2y —
F A Cl Ry 65. .115 —
Geary-st R 6s. — 95
H C A S &45.105 110
H C AS 5a. ..1064 —
L. A Ry 5s ....105 1054
L A LCo 55.. — —
L A A P R 63.102 103
Do entd 63,.. — —
Do gntd 55.. — 103
L A A P R 6s. 102 1034
Market-st 65... 127*4 —
Do Ist m ss..llSVi —
N C N G R 75. 106 —
N R of Cal 65. 1134 —
N R of Cal 55. 115 —
NPC R R 68.103 —
N P C R R 65.106i4107
N (J R R 55. ..103 —
Oak GLAH 55. 11 l —
Oak Tran 65...11 iy i U24
Oak WCn 65.. 105 —
Oceanic SS Co. 105% —
Ora C Ry 65... — 1284
P A Cl Ry 65.. 1044 —
Pk AO Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6-1.1194 —
Sac L GA R 6s — 100
8 F A SJV 65.. 1164 —
S Ry of Cal 6s. 106 108
BrolA 65... 1104 —
8 P C 6«<1905).110 111
UPC 65(1906).112 113
8 P C 65(1912). — —
8P C Ist Cgss. — —
SPBr 6s 127 —
S V Wat 65...H614 —
S V Wat 45... 103*4104
SV W 45(3dm)103 —
Stktn Gas 63..1024 —
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 74 75
Marln County. 50 —
Spring Valley. 96% —
Gas A Electric-
Cent Gaslight. — —
Morning
Board—
100 Contra Costa Water 7475
60 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar.... 81 00
165 Honokaa 2g 75
200 Makaweli 45 25
30 Market Street Railway, cash 62 00
l(u Onomea Sugar Co. 25 utt
50 S F Gas A Electric Co 51 00
210 Spring Valley Water 97 25
S2COO Los Angeles Railway 5s 105 00
$5000 N. -P. C. R. R. 6s 103 25
Street—
5 Giant Powder Con... 92 00
10 Pacific Lighting 44 go
Afternoon Session.
Board—
11 Bank of California ...403 00
100 Equitable Gas 3 624
20 Giant Powder Con 91 50
10 Giant Powder, b I :. 91 50
20 Giant Powder ¦ ; 91 374
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 28 S7^4
25 Hutchlnson S. P. C 0...... 25 50
GO Market, Street Railway r.....~ 62 00
200 Onomea Sugar Co ;;. •>; 75
280 Paauhau S. P. Co 25 374
20 Pacific Coast Borax 145 m
100 S. F. Gas A Electric. 5175
60 Spring Valley. Water, cash 97 00
50 Spring Valley Water 97 00
$1000 Los Angeles-Pacific Railroad 65.... 102 60
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
. Morning Session.
Board— .
25 Barker Ranch in
200 Anaconda ....... 1i»
100 Yukon * t ti
60 Yukon *-*•• J £0
Street— ""
- 25 Caribou ? j 05
MONDAY, Feb. 26—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask.
Cent L & P... 4H
Equit G L Co. 3% 2%.
Mutual El Co. — 124
O G L A H....46K —
Pac Gas Imp.. 604 —
Pac Light Co. 44 44*4
S F G A E.... 51Vi 52
San Francisco. 44 4%
Stockton Oas.. 12 —
Insurance —
Firem's-Fund. — 230
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 68 —
Bank of Ca1..400 405
Cal S D A T. 994100
First National. lso 305
Lon PA A 133 —
Merchants' Ex — 16
Nev Nat 8k... — —
- Savings Banks— -
Ger S A L....1750 1825
Hum 8 A L... — —
Mut Say 8k... 45 —
S F Say U 605 —
Say A L 50.... 74 71
Sec Say 8k.... — —
Union T C 0.... — " —
-Street Railroads-
California US 120
Geary-st •' 50 —
Market-st Ry.. 614 —
OS L A 11.... — £10
Presidio 13 —
Powder Stocks — '
California 150 170
Giant Con Co.. 91 914
Vigortt 2 24
Sugar Stocks —
Hana H P Co. 8 8%
Haw CASCo 82 85U
Honokaa S Co. 2S*4 —
Hutch S P Co. 254 —
Kllauea S Co. 174 —
Makaweli S Co 45H 4514
Onomea S Co. 23', 26
Paauhau S Co 25% 254
Miscellaneous — * ¦
Al Pack Assn.ll94l2oU
Dal Fruit Assn — 100
Mer Ex Assn.. — io>)
Oceanic S Co.. 92 93
Pac AF A i —
Pac C Bor Co. 143 145H
Far Paint Co.. 10 —
Session.
Notice to Mariners.
Notice is hereby given of the following
changes in aid, to navigation, which afTe«
the list of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific Coa£
ASfefft -SSS& Po^'cross^T 1 *S£
Starboard side of channel b?oy No TC Sr
starboard side of the channel *"£ T*^ 9 the
ES)"*^ s N ': £* yjSe PoffcE l^
Se'Ve." S>: BUOy 01 Wha * Post Light.
To^gue^Poin^to'-jr 111 ?. * hlp chann *l «»»
Itiiiiii
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels _ 44,000 31.000
Wheat, bushels : '33,000 12,000
Corn, bushels 518,000 276,000
Oatß, bushels 355.000 162,000
Rye, bushels '18,000 7,000
Barley, bushels 11,000 64,000
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 27.
lowa Central prefd *9M
Kans City, Pitts A Gulf 124
100 Lake Erie A Western 214
Lake Erie & Western prefd S4
Lake Shore 134
2,825 Louisville & Nashville 81%
IS.CO Manhattan L 94 v !i
10,782 Metropolitan Street Railway 1694
[25 Mexican Central IU4
;. Minn A St Louis CO4
Minn A St Louis prefd 91
3,53« Missouri Pacific 454
Mobile A Ohio 41
Missouri, Kans & Texas 104
200 Missouri. Kans A Texas prefd 324
210 New Jersey Central 1164
4.CSS New York Central 132
2,736 Norfolk & Western 32H
4,398 Norfolk A Western prefd 75
' 4,600 Noithern Pacific 624
500 Northern Pacific prefd 74
6.100 Ontario A Western 244
Oregon Ry A Nay 42
Oregon Ry A Nay prefd 76
6,525 Pennsylvania 13*
.100 Reading IS,4
11.520 Reading let prefd 69
3,700 Reading 2nd prefd 30*,4
200 Rio Grande Western 50
200 Rio Grande Western prefd 894
SCO St Louis A San Fran 104
St Louis A San Fran Ist prefd 67
200 St Louis A San Fran 2nd prefd.... 33* i
800 St Louis, Southwestern ll*i
2,700 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 29H
7,710 St Paul 1224
St Paul rrefd 171
St Paul &. Omaha 1W
4.020 Southern Pacific 3SV;
3,900 Southern Railway M 3*
7,400 Southern Railway prefd S"H
300 Texas & Pacific ..r. 164
13.200 Union Pacific 4S=»
1,9«4 Union Pacific Drefd 76*fc
455 Wabash 6*4
110 Wabash prefd 2<H4
100 Wheeling A Lake Erie 104
1.310 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2nd prefd.. 274
290 Wisconsin Central 18
Express Companies—
Adams H5
American I*6
United States : «
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous—
100 American Cotton Oil 334
American Cotlon Oil prefd 534
American Malting 54
849 American Malting prefd 244
3.100 American Smelting A Refng 39S
411 American Smelting A Refng prfd... 90S
American Spirits , 2V4
American Spirits prfd 17
1,650 American Steel Hoop t.... 43
American Steel Hoop prefd 82
14,970 American Steel A Wire 56*1
COO American Steel A Wire prefd 91* i
700 American Tin Plate 31ft
American Tin Plate prefd 81
34.2&0 American Tobacco 105
American Tobacco prefd 135
1.100 Anaconda Mining Co 43Vi
13.4 J0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit CS%
2,710 Colorado Fuel A Iron .'. 4J4
4,740 Continental Tobacco 30
200 Continental Tobacco prefd 84
€.660 Federal Steel 63
1,290 Federal Steel prefd 734
1,300 General Electric 126
660 Glucose Sugar 50*4
Glucose Sugar prefd 984
300 International Paper 22<i
200 International Paper prefd 67M
Laclede Gas prefd 74
National Biscuit 3«Vi
National Biscuit prefd »
National Lead 24%
440 National Lead prefd 105
National Steel 46&
6,970 National • Steel prefd 94
100 New York Air Brake 120
North American 14i;
tlO Pacific Coast 454
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
3.755 Pacific Mail 3S»i
16.285 People's Gas SSMb
32S Pressed Steel Car E4
Pressed Steel Or prefd.-. 854
Pullman Palace Car 187
Standard Rope A Twine 74
107,175 Sugar ....103*4
222 Sugar prefd 110
10.210 Tennesse* Coal A Iron 91'fc
14,171 United States Leather 13«4
1,145 United States Leather prefd 734
United States Rubber 33
United States Rubber prefd ?3
1.071 Western Union ....» 83H
2,825 Republic Iron A Steel 2J4
125 Republic Iron A Steel prefd 674
225 P C C A St Louis 70
DC2.SOO Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS
US ?s rer 103 N* V Cent lsts ....1104
U 8 Ss reg 110}; N J Cent gen 65. .12?
U S 3s coup HO»4 North Car 6s 127
U S 4new 4s reg..1364 North Car 4s 105
U S new 4s, coiyj. 1264 North Pac 3s 664
U S old 4s. Reg 117 North Pac 4s 108*4
U S old 4s, c0up. .1174 N T C t St I. 45. .108
U 8 6s reg 115 Nor & W con 45.. 834
U S 6s coup 115 Nor & W gen Ca.,130
Dis of Col 3.655. ..118 Oregon Nay lsts. .llo
Atchison gen 45. ..100% Oregon Nay 4s 101
Atchlson adj 4s .. S2V4 Oregon 8 L 6s 127
Canada Sou 2s 109 I Oregon 8 L con 55.H3T4
Ches & Ohio 445.. SBH|Readln gen 4s 85
Ches & Ohio 6s 1184 RO W lsts 974
C & N W Con 75. .141 St L & I M con 65. 110%
C&N W S F db5.120 gt L& S F gen 65.122
Chicago Ter 45.... 924!5t. Paul c0n5015. ..1«7>4
D & R O lsti ....1034|St P C & P 15t5. .120
D & R G 4s 9S4ISt P C A P 5s 120^
E T Va & Ga lsts.lol4 [Southern Ry 65....1&79 i
Erie gen 4s 70 Stan RAT 65.... 784
Ft W A p C lsts.. 71*4 Term new Bet Is.. 94
General Elec 65. ..116 Texas A Pac 15t5. .114
OHAS A 6s 107 Texas A Pac 25... 624
G H A S A 25. ...107 Union Pae 4s 1044
HAT C 6s 110 Wabash lsts 1164
H A T C Con 65. .112 Wabash 2s 99^
lowa Cent lsts 113 West Shore 4s ....113
X C PA G lsts.. 72 Wls Cent lsts .... 90
La new con 4s 10C Va Cent 87
LAN unified 45.. 99*4 Va deferred 9
M X A T 2s 664 Colo * Sou 4s 834
M X A T 4s 90%150u Pac 4s 83%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15Ontario t 25
Crown Point CSlOphlr 48
Con Cal & Va. 1 30iPlymouth 12
Deadwood Eo; Quicksilver 1 76
Gould & Curry ... 14 Quicksilver prefd.. 750
Hale & Norcroes... 28 Rierra Nevada .... 33
Hoxnestake 50 00 Standard 2 80
Iron ..Silver 67lUnlon Con J.. 20
Mexican 18jYellow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money—- Rubber 32
Call loans Z\i<3*Vi Union Pacific 49*4
Time loans J?iijs West End SZ4
Stocks— Westinghouse Elec 41
A T & S F 20S Wis Central 174
AT& S F prefd.. 6Z% Bonds-
American 5ugar... 1034 Atchlson 4s 954
Am Sugar prefd. ..llo4 N E Gas & Coke 5s 714
Bell Telephone 222 Mining shares-
Boston & Albany. .24s" Adventure 4%
Boston Elevated. ..ll6 Allouez Mng C 0... 2
Barton & Maine. ..2oo Amalg Copper £94
CB & Quincy 122 Boston & Montana. 2*s
Dominion Coal 42 Butte & 805t0n.... 59
Dom Coal prefd.... 116 Calumet & Hecla..7Cs
Federal Steel f>3V» I Centennial l(*y.
Fed Steel prefd.... 73',; f'ranklln 144
Fitchburg prefd 132 Dsceola -724
Gen Electric .126 Parrot 424
Gen Electric prefd.l36~; Quincy .135
Ed Elec 111 20i Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Mexican Central... 114 Tamarack 190
Mich Telephone 100 Utah Mining 28%
N E Gas & Coke.. V\i Wlnona " 3
Old Colony '. 207 Wolverines 41
Old Dominion 19
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— Money on call steady;
actual transactions ranging from 2 to 24 per
cent; last loan, 2 per cent; closed offered at
2 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4V4@5Vi
per cent. Sterling exchange weak, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 86%©4 56% for
demand and at $4 S5H@4 85»i for sixty days.
Posted rates. $4 8404 844 and $4 87454 88.
Commercial bills, $4 8364 834. * Silver certifi
cates. E9\e6o\c. "Bar silver, 69% c. Mexican
dollars. 47& c. Government bonds, buoyant;
State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
THE STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— The most ¦ notable
feature cf to-day's feverish and excited stock
market was the fact that the railroad depart
ment apparently succeeded in breaking away
from the Influence of the Industrials and
ppedaltlea and in differentiating the undeniable
elements of strength in that department from
the demoralization and weakness in the other.
The railroads succumbed in the early dealings
to the sympathetic influence of the violent de
clines among the industrials, but during the
day a confident demand sprang up for a num
ber of railroad stocks which lifted the whole
level of that department materially above.
£atcrfiay*s close. Bo far as the day's news
went it ebrd little light on the excited weak
ness of a number of industrials. The move
ment on the appearance is a sort of a duel
en the part of the contending interests and
there are circumstances tending to confirm
this explanation of the movement. A report
finds credence that the long interests of the
Third Avenue deal are thriftily availing them-
K>iv(» cf the unsettling effect of the weakness
in this Frock to make a bear turn in other
etocks. That bitter animosities and rivalries
are Involved is also a current Tumor in. the
etreet. the same potential entitles coming into
play as during the panic of last December.
The battle rared most fiercely about the stocks
of the New York public utilities for the cen
tralized control of which a long-standing con
test has been waged. The notorious financial
difficulties of Third Avenue played a continu
ing part to-day and there was added to this
rumors that the companies would be severely
dealt with in the approaching application of
the new State" franchise taxation law. The
extreme declines in the New York traction
t nfl gas stocks ran from 2 to 9 points,
the latter in Third Avenue. Sugar was an
other storm-center, the furious speculation in
that stock hinging upon the doubts regarding
the next quarterly dividend, action upon which
is imminent. A reduction In the existing rate
Is taken for granted, but opinion differs as
to the amount of the reduction, extending all
the way to the total suspension. Sugar's total
fall was T\. and It closed practically at
the lowest. Tennessee Coal and the Tobacco
rtocks also showed notable weakness. Except
in Sugar there were violent rallies from time
to time, reflating the demand from the bears
to cover shorts. The strength of the railroad
stocks was based upon the substantial ground
of increased earnings. A large number of re
turns were made during the day, all showing
very striking gains over the corresponding
j*riod of last year. For the last week in Feb
ruary the most notable examples were Norfolk
and Western. Ontario and W ef tern, Louisville
and Nashville and Chicago, Indianapolis and
Louisville. For January a sharp .showing of
net earnings was made on Wabash, C. and E.
I. and Hocking Valley. Saturday's weak bank
statement had »erne continued effect in the
early dealing*, but there is an impression held
in speculative circles that some part of the
recent large expansion of loans is designed for
future u*e in the stock market. Sterling ex
change was weak on Increased offerings of
rail bills. The actual rate for demand sterling
declined *¦; and for long sterling 4 per cent.
The bond market was rather dull and Ir
regular. Total pales, par value, $1.550,000.
ITnited States bonds were buoyant under the
Influence nt the tefunling bill now in con
jerence. The rew 4s and old 4s "coupon) ad
vanced 14 and old 4m (registered) and 3s and
f s a point In bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sharps * Closing
«¦•¦;<:. Bid.
2.700 Atchiaon 20%
2f».C;O Atehinon prefd 63»,
1,150 Kaltfmore & Ohio 62>4
Canadian Pacific 97>4
100 Canada Southern 48>4
I,i2d Oheeapeake & Ohio 2S«i
, Chicago Great Western 13« i
a,S."iO Chicago. Bur Sc Quincy 122H
4.4C0 Chicaro, Ind & Louisville 21*»
752 Chlcato. Ind & Louisville prefd .. 641 i
400 Chicago fc East Ilinols .' 95>4
309 Chicago & Northwestern 160
2.4C5 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific... 106T4
1.700 C C C & Sf Louis 584
€25 Colorado Southern 6»4
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 42,4
110 Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 15V4
250 Delaware & Hudson 116»i
400 Delaware, Lack £ Western 180^4
Deox-er & Rio Grande 19»;
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71%
Erie 124
ta Erie lrt prefd 374
Great Northern prefd .156
Hocking Coal .'..„ 17U
221 Hocking Valley 334
125 Illinois Central 113
4SO lowa Central • 13%
Chicago Grain Market.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. February 28-
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. 70 hours from Grays
Harbor. '¦'
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen, 73 hoors frm Orays
Harbor: bound south, put in to land pass.
Stmr Coo« Bay. Shea, — hours from Newport
and way ports. - *.
Stmr Luella. Miller. 14 hour* from Fort
Bragg; bound south, put In to land pass.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. 15 hour* frm Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 42 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Crescent City. Stock3eth, 14 hours frm
Crescent City.
Stmr Orizaba. Hlnkle. V>M hours fm Eureka,
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. lX\i 'boars from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Newsboy, Walvig. 19 hours from Usal.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Jessen. 43 hours from
Coos Bay.
Br stmr Benmohr. Wallace. 73 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Br stmr Robert Adamsoa. Morgan, 4 days *
hours from Nanalmo.
CLEARED.
Monday. February 36.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria; O R tt N
Co.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Caemalnus; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co-
SAILED.
Monday. February 21.
Stmr North Fork. Baah, Eureka,
Stmr Sunol. Green. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Pomona, Alexander. San Dlercv
Stmr Luella. Miller. San Pedro.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Tug Traveler. Reed. Grays Harbor.
Schr Newark. Beck.
Schr Fannie Adele. Ristum.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS— Feb 28. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 milts.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 28— Stmr Wa*htanaw.
hence Feb 23.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 25— 3tmr Aberdeen.
hence Feb 21; stmr Willamette, hence Feb 22.
Sailed Feb 25— Stmr Bloemfontein. for Hono
lulu; Br bark Ravenscourt. for Queenstown;
ship Columbia, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 24— Schr Com
peer, hence Feb 15. Feb 25— Schr John a. ho
Feb IS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 25— U S stmr Perry.
from Puget Sound; stmr Geo W Elder. henc»
Feb 23: Br stmr Elm Branch, from Port Towns
end; Br ship Samaralta, from Shanghai.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Feb 28— Schr Beulah*
for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb IS— Schr James A Garfleld. he*
Feb 13: echr Webfoot, hence Feb 18.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Feb 25— Haw ship
Hawaiian Isles, for Santa Rosalia.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 21— Ship Dashing Wave.
for Honolulu.
COOS BAY— Bar bound Feb 28— Stmr Areata,
for San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived F«b 23— Stmr TUl*
mook. with schr Sacramento In tow. henc*
Febl9.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived F«b 28— Stiar Rival.
hence o~*b 22.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb tt-Stnir
Brunswick, hence Feb 22.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Feb 25— It*l baric
Cavour.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb ts— Br bark Inver
clyde, from Hamburar.
UNALASKA— SaiIed Feb J— Stssr Bertha, for
San Francisco via Unr».
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived F»b 14— Schr
Glen, from San Pedro; schr Guide, hene Feb U.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Feb 28— Br stmr Strath
gyl<\ from Hongkong.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 2*-Schr Cora
peer, for Port Ludlow.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Teb »-Schr Com
peer, from Port Gamble.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb IS— Stmr
Mlneola, from Nanatmo.
Sailed Feb 25— Stmr Sequoia. Teb X*-Haw
stmr San Mateo. for Nanalmo.
NEWPORT (S>— Sailed Feb 2*-6tmr Green
wood.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived Feb 28— Schr J
Epplncer. hence Feb 23.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 28— Stmr Mackinaw.
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 26— Stmr Samoa, far
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 26— Schr Serena
Thayer. for, Eureka: stmr Newbunt.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Feb 23— Stmr Acapuleo.
for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Passed Feb 23— Stmr Portland.
from Unalaska for Nanaimo.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Feb 23— Ship
John C Potter, for Kehel.
NANAIMO— Sailed Feb 2S— Nor stmr Tltania,
for Port I-oa Aneeles.
DUBLlN— Arrived Feb 24— Ger ship Neck,
from Oregon.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Feb 25— Br ship Beacon
Rock, hence Oct 27.
BRlSTOL— Arrived Feb 26— Br ship Sofala.
from Oreron.
SWANSEA— SaiIed Feb 24— Br sh!» Afon
Alaw, for 3an Francisco.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Feb 24— Br ship John
Cooke. for Oregon.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Feb 24— Br ship Arra
can. from Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived Feb *?— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
KINSALE— Passed Feb 24— Br ship Dyno
mene. hence Oct 1 for Queenstown.
YOKOHAMA— RaiIed Feß 23— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
OYSTER HARBOR— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr
South Portland, hence Feb 22.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Feb 21— Ship
Berlin, from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Aller. for
Narle*. etc.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb 2B— Stmr Trave.
from New York for Naples and Genoa
NAPLES— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Columbia,
from Genoa.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Feb «— Stmr State of
Nebraska, for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed Feb 24— Stmr Bremen, for
New York.
JAFFA— Arrived Feb M— Stmr Auguste Vic
toria, from New York rta Mediterranean ports
(on Oriental cruise).
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — * 88
Sterling Cables — ? 89
New York Exchange, sight — loa
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars «tf *V
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Inverlochy takes for Cork 53,980
etla, valued at JS3.SSO.
Foreign markets were easy. The world's
shipments for the week were 7,500,000 bushels,
and there was an Increase of 2,500,000 bushels
on passage. The American visible supply In
creased 225,000 bushels.
Chicago was weaker In sympathy with the
forelsn markets.
The local market was a shade firmer on call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96V4@37>,ic: milling.
9S«ic®Jl 01U.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— Slay— 3oCo ctls, 99c; 2000,
99Vic.
Second Session— May— 26,ooo ctls, 99*4 c. De
cember-4000. $1 06V; ; 24.000, $1 06%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 42.ooo ctls.
99% c. December-SOOO. $106';: 6000, VL 06H-
Afternoon Session-May— 2ooo ctls, 99^0 ; 2000,
99?i,c. December— 6ooo. $1 C6'.4.
BARLEY— The market Is excessively dull,
but there is a firmer feeling on call.
Feed. 75<f77%c for No. 1 and 65@72%c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80057% c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, -77Hc
May— 2ooo. 7Cc. \
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Besslon— December— 2ooo ctls, 77% c:
2000. 77c. May— 2ooo, 75^c.
OATS— Dealers report rather more tone, but
there is no improvement in the demand.
White. $1 10*51 30; Red, 95c® $1 17H; Gray.
$1 07H«i 15: Black. 92V4c@$l 02V4.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 95c per
ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1®1 02%; mixed.
97Hc®$l.
RYE— 97Hc<3$l 02H per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $S «o®3 T5,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40®3 60; Oregon
and Washington, $2 7503 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount ?to the trade: "Graham
Flour. t3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Mral $2 60: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, *3 15@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, U&i 25; Crack*d Wheat. S3 75;
Farina J4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. , $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@7 25; In sacks, $5 75©
7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas,
$5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is rather more steadiness In Hay, ow
ing tp lighter receipts, and Bran also 'shows
more tone. Both are unchanged as to price.
BRAN— $l2® 13 per ton..
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $15@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26^27; jobbing,
127 5O^?28; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
J23523 50; Cracked Corn, $23 sjfcs24: Mixed Feed,
$15 60: Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $6 50@8 60 for. common to »ood
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $« 50#8 60;
Oat, $6@B; Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, $6® 7 60 per
STRAW— 2S®4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is no further change In anything.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 25@3 35; small White. $3 20
@3 35; large White, $2 90@3 10; Pinks, $2 503
2 85- Reds $3 50; Blackeye. $4 60; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 15(g5 25; Pea. $3 20©3 40; Red
Kidneys. $3 50@4.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; - Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 90®2 20; Canary,
S%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa. 8@10c: Rape. 2V4@30; Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4@4%c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50-31 90; Green, $1 75
©2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are off somewhat, and, the general
range In Vegetables is lower. Potatoes are
dull and in good supply.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85@95c; River Reds,
70075 c; Burbanks. 50@75c per sack: Oregon
Burbanks. 75c@$l 10: Sweet Potatoes, $1 75@2 for
Merced: New Potatoes, 3®3Hc
ONIONS-$1 75«2 Per ctl. . „•;;"
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers, 60c@$l
per dozen; Rhubarb, 6@3c per lb; Asparagus, 7
@15c; Green Peas, l®4c per lb for Los An
geles and 3@4c for Alameda; String Beans. 3®
6c: Cabbage, 4C@soc; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 60c
@$1; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 8®10e;
Dried Okra, 12V4c per lb; Garlic, 6c; Green
Peppers from Los Angeles, 6c; Dried Pep
pers, 8® 10c; Carrots, 25®35c per sack; Los An
geles Summer Squash. $I@l 25 per box.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern Poultry . was sold in the
morning and two more were at hand late in
the afternoon. The feeling was firm! There
was no particular change In game.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc for Gobblers
and ll@l2V4c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 13®
15c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings, $1 75@2;
Ducks, $4&5 for old and $4@"> for young; Ileus.
4 60®5 50; Young Roosters. $6@6 60; Old Roost
ers, $4 60@5; Fryers. $5 SOW; Broilers, $5®5 to
for large and $3 60®4 60 for small: Pigeons,
$1 25©1 GO per dozen for old - and $2@2 60 for
Squabo.
GAME— Quail. $1 50@l 75; Mallard, $3#4; Can
vasbacks, $1 50<8>4 E0; Sprig. $1 50: Teal, $1 50;
Widgeon. $1 25@1 50; Small Duck, 75c@$l: Hare,
76c@$l; Rabbits. $ISI 60; Gray Geese, $2@2 50;
White. $I@l 26; Brant. $1 50<S2 CO; Honkers. $4;
English Snipe, $2 Go@3 per dozen; Jack Snipe,
$1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Stocks of Butter and Eggs are heavy and
the market Is weak. Eggs show a further
shading, and Butter Is likely to decline again,
as offers for < the north at 22c were underbid
yesterday. Cheese continues weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 21@22c; seconds,
I9<ff:oc. •
Dairy— Fancy, 18(Jj:i9c: good to choice, 16V4@
17Hc; common, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 9@9V£c; old, B%c:
Young America. 10@10',4c; Eastern.^ 15tt®16c;
Western, 13H*S15c per lb. ;
EGGS— Quoted at 11 (g lie for store and 13©
14c per dozen for. ranch. . Eastern are nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
vFlve cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 2053 50;* chblce do,
$1 05(31 75; standard do, 65c@$l 25; Seedlings,
60rfJi 05. Choice Lemons sold at $1 40.
Mexican Limes are quoted ¦ higher, being
scarce. The • steamer with fresh supplies has
been delayed. -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 3O@6Oc per box for common, 75c®$l
for good to choice, and $1 25® 1 60 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 60®2 50
per box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 60; Pomelos. 75c@
$2 50; Lesconx. 1121 50 for common and $202 60
Imports of Specie.
Import* of specie at this port in January
were $311,432, against $3,143,723 In January. 1599,
the decrease this year being due to the dis
continuance of gold Imports from Australia.
Of la*t month's imports $294,382 came from
llrxleo. This description embraced $22,318 in
gold bullion, $35^ in gold coin, $230.15J in sil
ver bullion and 155.571 in sliver coin.
Fruit and Salmon in London.
The London Grocer's Gazette of February 10
says: Not much doing in canned fruits. The
arrivals per the Centesima in the early port
of January eeem to have supplied many peo
rle The quality of California fruit Is good
tnd there is likely to be a good consumption.
"No arrivals of salmon and the martet is
f.nner for all singles. Half-pound tins are
very ec&rce at present and there has been an
advance of about Is per case, and many peo
ple are looking forward to the arrival of new,
iearing to be short before the came. which is
t-e in about a month, comes to hand.
Weather Report.
OlCth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. ii. 6 p. m.
Tfce following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fiate as compared *rtth those of the same date
last season and rainfalls in last twenty-four
bOUrS: . I^t This Last
Stations— 14 hours. eca*on. season.
Kureka 0.2S 40.70 19-15
Jted Bluff f.02 16-«? 1J.1?
Sacramento 000 3 - 69 7 - So
Francisco Trace 15.11 7-77
Kresno 0.00 6.20 3.88
Independence 0.<4 2.12 1.15
J-an Luis Oblspo 0.00 12.67 7.15
Los Angples 0.O) 4.57 1.98
San Diego 0.00 2.64 3.70
luma 0.00 0.75 1-34
£an Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€0; minimum, 49; mean. Si.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
era halt of the Pacific Slope. A ridge, of high
5 ressure appears to be driving southward into
i he low area over Arizona and Southern Cali
lernia.:
The rca.p is a typical frost map, and heavy
frosts will probably occur in the valleys on
Tuesday morning. The temperature has fallen
i aiidly" over Nevada, Utah ani Northern. Ari
zona.
Snow is falling at Salt Lake City.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Independence, 44 mile* per hour from
the jiorthweet; Winn»-muoca. 80, south; Salt
3-ako CHr. 2S, from the northwest: San Luis
Obispo, 2», west, and Yuma, 26. northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, February 27, 1900:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; light
northerly winds; heavy frosts Tuesday morn
ing.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather early Tuesday morning; fair Tuesday;
brisk northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Snow early Tuesday morning; fair
Tuesday.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday, with now in
northern portion; cooler.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday:
light frost In the morning; light northerly
wind*. AIEXANDER G. McADIE.
KoTecaet Official.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and New York Exchange advanced.
Wheat and Barley rather Urmer on call.
Oats steady, but dull. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay and Bran slww more steadiness.
Beans and Seeds unchanged and dull.
Onions weaker. Potatoes about the same.
Poultry firm and in moderate receipt.
Butter and Eggs in large supply and weak.
Oranges went somewhat lower at auction.
Mexican Limes scarce and higher.
Provisions sell at the old prices.
Meat market unchanged. •
Decreased imports of Specie.
Available cash balance, $298,693,324;' cold re
serve, $227,747,616.
London Markets.
NEW YORK. Feb. . 28. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The volume of business in the markets here
to-day was small, but the tone was firm. There
were no war rumors. To-morrow is Majuba
day and the market looks for decisive action
In South Africa then. American securities were
heavy In the forenoon. Influenced by the weak
bank statement Saturday, but New York, after
selling for a short time, turned around, caus
ing a cheerful close. Baltimore and Ohio securi
ties were the favorite.
The bank bought £11,000 gold in Scandinavian
coin and £7000 in bars. Half the large sum due
the bank to-day was renewed. Bills were
weak. Treasury bills to the amount of £2.000,
000 all yearlings .were allotted at the equiva
lent of £3 7s discount. Sliver was hard on Cal
cutta demand.
CLOSING,
Canadian Pacific. 100%: Union Pacific pre
ferred, 76%: Northern Pacific preferred, 76<4:
Atchlson. 21Vi: Grand Trunk, 8%; Anaconda. 9.
Bar silver steady at 2VA4 per ounce. Money,
SV4 per cent. ____:__
ket for pig iron warrants was extremely dull
and quite nominal. Lake copper continued on
its protracted course of apathy at the unvary
ing price of $16 26. The only change made by
prices at all was in an entirely nominal advance
from $31 75 to $32@32 50 for tin. while lead ruled
dull and unchanged at $4 70 bid and $4 65 asked,
and spelter easy but unchanged at $4 55®4 65. I
The brokers' price for lead was $4 45, and for
copper $16 25.
London Wool Supply. ¦ .
LONDON. Feb. 26.— The arrivals of wool for
the series of wool auction sales closed to-day.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Feb. 28.— Consols, 101H: ¦Uw.
27% d; French rentes, lOlf S2tfe. Wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers indifferent operators: cargoes
on passage, nominally unchanged; cargoes No.
1 Standard California, 28s 9d: cargoes Walla
Walla, 28s; imports into United Kingdom,
wheat, 167,000; imports Into United .Kingdom,
flour, 147,000; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom, 2.570,000; wheat and flour on
passage to Continent, 9S0. 000: Indian shipments
wheat to United Kingdom, none.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 2«.— Wheat dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 6%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 American spring, dull.
Futures closed steady; March, 5s B%d; May
and July, 6s B%d.
CORN— American spot (new), quiet 3s 7%d.
Futures, steady; May, 3s 7%d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 26.— Clearings. $420,837;
balance. $58,126. .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 26.— The wheat mar
ket is nominally unchanged, with a weaker
tone. Based on present freight rates, some ex
porters figure out 62V4C as>an extreme quota
tion for Walla Walla and refuse to quote above
that price. Others are quoting 53c and paying
54c. Valley is easy at 52c and Bluestem 65<g56c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Feb. 26.— WHEAT— Club.
52c; Bluest cm, 54c.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 8% 6 8% 5 8H
Clotlng 6 B>4 5 8H 6 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening Holiday.
Closing .."
Flour—' •
Opening
Closing ¦
Chicago Livestock Market. •
CHICAGO. Feb. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts 13,
000. Market active and generally 10c higher.
Natives, good to prime steers, 10@15c higher
at $506; poor to medium, steady to 10c higher
at $4@4 80; selected feeders strong at $3 50®
3 60; mixed stockers firm at $4 25^4 75; cows
active, best a shade higher at $4@4 35; heifers
strong at $3 25554 75; canners. steady at $2 25®
2 90; bulls steady at $2 6004 15; calves un
changed at $J«?8. Texans— R-ceipts, 900; fed
steers steady at $3 00@4 90; Texas bulls steady
at $3 25<g3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 32,000; to-morrow.
23,000; left over. 6000. Market average. 6c
lower: fair clearance. ¦ Mixed butchers, $4 65®
4 95; good to choice heavy. $4 75@4 87V4; rough
heavy. $4 6054 80;. light. $4 55© 4 80; bulk of
sales. $4 7£«r4 80. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 16,000.- Sheep, strong;
lambs, active at 10@15c higher. Good to choice
wethers, $5 40@ii 86; fair to choice mixed, $3 50®
4 35; Westerns. $5@5 75: yearlings, $5 75(^6 50;
native lambs, $5@7 25; Western lambs, . $6@7 25.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store | and afloat on
Saturday, February 24, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat. 63,443,000 bushels," increase 225,000: corn,
16,332.000 bushels, increase 317,000: oats. 6,755.000
bushels, Increase. 12.000;. Rye, 1,152,000 bushels,
increase 6000; barley, 3.412,000 bushels, decrease
81,000.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2».— Conditions in the
metal market were, quite generally unsatisfac
tory abroad as well as at home. The local mar-
Foreign Futures.
Cash quotations were: Flour, quiet; No. 3
spring Wheat, 61@65c; No. 2 Red. 67^@68%c;
No. 2 Corn. 34c; No. 2 Oats. 22%<523c; No. 2
White, 26if26»4c; No. 3 White, 25<i?23V4c; No. 2
Rye. 63Vt<254V4c; No. 2 Barley, 37^430; No. 1
Flaxseed. $1 60; Prime Timothy Seed. $2 43:
Mess Pork, per barrel, $9 65@10 65; Lard, per 100
pounds. $5 67Hiff5 70; Short Rib sides. loose,
»5 65<g15 90; Dry Salted Shoulders, bored, 61,;®6 1 ,;®
f.He; Short Clear sides, boxed, $5 90£6; Whisky,
distillers' . finished goods, per gallon, $1 23^.
TO SAIL.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Afternoon Session.
Board —
JOO Anaconda •'• •*
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE. ,
Morning Session.
Board—
400 Burlington * J*
100 Caribou, s 30 j?
12S Honvs Oil v ••*
200 West Lake lw
Street—
75 Home Oil » c
Afternoon Session.
Board—
600 Burlington * g"
60 Caribou, b 90 •••• » 5
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales «n_the San Fran
cieco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday.
Morning Session,
100 Andes OSllOOOphir ...•<. 54
MOBetebW 22 200 Sierra Nevada.. 38
350 Con Cal & Va..l 401 300 Yelow Jacket.. 13
1000 Justice 071
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ......... 22, 400 Gould & CurtT. 1«
200 Con Cal & V*..l 40l 60 Ophtr 65
800 Crown Point.... 10 1
Following were the sales In tho Pacific Stock
Excbaure yesterday:
Morninr Session.
800 Andes 06 WO Poto«l |5
300 Belcher 21 200 Sierra Nevada.. 37
800 Con Cal & Va..l 40 400 Union Con ..... T.
275 Crown Point.... 10 200 Tellow Jacket.. 11
275 Crown Point W
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 211 200 Potoil 23
200 Con Cal A V&..1 40i 200 Utah «
200 Gould & Curry. 14 300 Utalx "
400 Justice 07 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS— 4 P. M.
Bid. Ask. | Bid.Ask.
Alpha — C3.Kentuck — 02
Alta — 08 Lady Washgt'n 02 —
Andes 06 06 Mexican 19 20
Belcher 21 25 Occidental 11 15
Best & Belcher. 34 SoiOphlr 54 65
Bullion 02 04 Overman 10 U
Caledonia 89 40 Potosi 24 26
Chollar IS 19. Savage 11 12
Challenge Con.. 18 20J Scorpion — W
Confidence — 73 Seg Belcher.... 01 03
Con Cal & Va. 1351 40 Sierra Nevada.. 37 38
Con Imperial... — 02 Silver Hill — 03
Con New York. — 04 St Louis 09 —
Crown Point.... 09 10 Standard 275 —
Exchequer — C 4 Syndicate 03 —
Gould & Curry. 14 15 .Union Con 22 25
Hale & Norc... 31 32 Utah 11 12
Julia 01 02) Yellow Jacket.. 17 IS
lustico 05 071
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Bertha F. Smith to Lena L. Mills, lot on
west line of First avenue, 37:6 S of Deeth (Cali
fornia street South). S 37:6 by W 115; $10.
Bertha F. Smith to LouUe Bee. lot on south
west comer of First avenue and Deeth, street,
S 37:6 by W IJS: $10.
Cora W. and James H. Morton to Warren H.
Upham, lot on east line of Thirty-fifth avenue.
100 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by E 120; $10.
American Surety Company of New York to
Llda Bell, lot on east line of Tenth avenue,
100 N of I street, N 50 by E 120; $10.
Lida and William Be.ll to American Surety
Company of New York, same; $10.
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Her
man Hauser, lot on west line of Tenth avenue,
100 N of O street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
H. F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Albert
and Charlotte Orr, lot on west line of Wheat
avenue, 150 S of Paul street. S 50 by W 100.
lots 17 and IS, block 6. Garden Tract Home
stead; no.
John Pforr to Henry F. Blanchet Jr.. lots 1
and 5, Garden Tract Homestead Addition; $10.
Diedrick Meier to Dorothea Kolmberg, lot 12,
Park Hill Homestead Association No. 2: grant.
Daniel A. and Ester Smith to George Thls
tleton, lot on northwest line of De Wolf street.
150 SW of Sherman. SW 50 by NW 100. block
6, Sears' Subdivision West End Map 2; $10.
Union Park Land Company to San Francisco
& San Mateo Electric Railway Company, lot
on west line Diamond street (Croton), 36 N of
Wilder, NE 50. NW 80:2, SW 50. NE 80:2, lots
1 to 3. Falrmount Extension Homestead; $10.
I. N. and Florence S. Rosekrans to Frank W.
McEwen, lot on N line of Broad street. 707:6
E of Plymouth, W 67:6, N 125. E 75. S 123. S
67 degrees. W 10. lot 10. block K. Railroad
$10.
Frank W. and DelDhtne MeEwen to I. N.
Rosacrans, undivided l i of following: S line of
Farallones, $5S E of Plymouth street. E 150 by
S 125, btock K. same; also lot on N line of
Broad street. 707:4 E of Plymouth. W 67:6. N
125, E 160, N 123, E 220. S 37% degrees. W 100.
S 57 degrees, W 307:9, lots 6 and 10. block K.
same: $10. .
I. N. and Florence S. Rosekrans to Felix
Saurcello. lot commencing 125 S of Farallones
and 715 E of Plymouth street, E 10. N 25, E
15, S 95, S 57 degrees, W to a point N 115. lots
4 and 10. block K. same; $10.
George and Margaret E. Borneman (Neary-)
to Ellen and Emma Neary, lot on E line of
Old San Jose", 200:4% N of Worden street. N
23:3, E 165:6, S 25, W 163. block 3, West End
Map 2: $10.
Ellen and Emma Neary to Margaret E. Bor
nemann, lot on S line of Harrington street, 275
W of Mission. W 23 by S 100. block 3. Academy
Tract; $10. f
Samuel Plato to Annie Roth, lot on W line
of Howard street. 100 N of Dwlght. W 100 by
N 100, University Homestead Association; gift.
Alameda County.
J. C. and Minnie N. Baker to A. C. Beck,
lot on S Una of Tenth street, 123 E of Castro
street, E 25 by S 100. being lot 11, block 114,
Oakland; $10.
Andreas Eckert to Jose A. Bettencourt. lot
on SW line of East Tenth street. 50 NW of
Twenty-eighth avenue, NW 25 by SW 100, be
ing lot 10. block P. Knowles and Potter sub
division Kennedy Tract, East Oakland; $10.
Clemon A. Dixon to Carrie A. Dixon, lot on
SWi corner of Harper and Woolsey streets, W
J5O by S 135:5. being lots 1. 2 and .3, block 4.
Map of Central Park at Afcatraz station.
Berkeley; gift.
Nls and Laura Hansen to Nells Lund. lot
on S line of Santa Clara avenue, 300 W of
Walnut street. W 40 by S 207:6, being lot 16.
block 22. lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda;
$10.
Aura H. Keene to Edward G. Keene. lot on
S line of ¦Encinal avenue, as widened to 80
feet, 183 E of Grand street, S 140 by E 90. be
ing lots 1 and 2. block G, Map of Oak Park,
Alameda: gift.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27. 1900.
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 5036: Cal
ifornia Limes, 25#50c; Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 60@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 44e for
40-50*8. 4@4%e for 60-OTs. «4c for 60-70-s. «4<J
for 70-80" s. 3c for 80-90' s and 2%c for 90-100* s;
Apricots, ll@l3c for Royals, 12H@16c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5V49
6c for Standards. 6H@6%c for choice and 7&Sc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10@12Hc; Evapo
rated Apples. 6®7c: Sun-dried, 6@s<£c per lb:
Nectarines, B@9c; Pears, SHiJHHc for dark and
7@Bo for bright halves; Black Figs, 2©2Hc;
White Figs, 2®3c: Bleached Plums. B@9c: Un
bleached Plums. 707%0 for pitted and l^c for
unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, 84c; choice, 74e; standard, 64c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanasr:sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6c: 2-crown, loose muscatels. 54c;
t-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
i-crown,- $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. 43. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In ¦ California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. B®9e; Walnuts, B©9c for
standards and 9010 c for softshell; Almonds.
11%®12c for paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 49
Be for hardshell; Peanuts, i\^Z\c for Eastern
and 6c for California; Brazil Nuts, 74©Sc; Fil
berts, 12@124e; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 60
(go.
HONEY— Comb, HH@l2c for bright and 104®
lie for light -amber; water white extracted.
7%c; light amber extracted, 7%@7Vio; dark. 6*40
6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26e per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy,' 10c for light medium, lie for light. 12c
for extra light and 134 c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13@134c; California
Hams, nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 60;
extra clear. $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lla
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%®7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
BUc: 10-lb tins. B%c: 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tietces, 714384 c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9V4c. _^_ •
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops,
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
10tt®U%c: Medium, 940104 c; light. 94c;
Cowhides, 94@104e; Stags, 7c; S.alted Kip. 94©
lOHc: Calf, 94@10c; Dry Hides, sound, ISc;
culls and brands, 15® 16c; Dry Kip and Veal.
17c: Dry Calf, 19@20c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 15
©30e each: short Wool. 3.V£6oc each; medium
70®90c; long Wool, $I@l 60 each; Horse Hides,
$2 25(3:3 for large and $1 25*32 for small; Colts,
26<©50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@540 per lb; No.
2, 4®44c; refined, 64c; grease, 24@30.
WOOL-
Fall cllD, San Joanuln plains* 9@loc; South
ern, 8@10c; Middle County. ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 17@20c: Eastern Oregon. 13(9
16c; Valley Oregon, 18@20<v Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10©
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7®llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions remain unchanged. Hogs
continue very scarce and firm.
BEEF— 6H@7%c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— B@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@S4c; ewes. 74c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 124 c: yearlings. 9@)oc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6c for small and medium
and &%iss*ic for large: stock Hogs and feed
ers, s^4@oHc; dressed Hogs, 7@S4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%ig6%c; Wool Bags, 254®324c;
Fleece Twine, 7%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: new Welling
ton $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 60: Seattle,
$7; Bryant, |7: Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $S:
Co-operative Wellsend. $8: Scotch. ; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 50 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Cannel. $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in sacks.
SUGAR — The Western »Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%c: Candy Granulated, 6%c: Dry Gran
ulated, 6Hc: Confectioners' A. 5%c: Magnolia,
A. 4%c: Extra C, 4Hc: Golden C. 4VSc; barrels.
l-16e more; half-barrels, %c more; boxes, 4c
more; 50-lb bags. He more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Doml-
Domlnos, half-barrels, 5T4c; boxes, 64c per lb.
of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. FEBRUARY 28.
Flour, qr sks 20,320 ! Middlings, ska .... 350
Wheat, ctls 1,510 Hay, tons 301
Barley, ctls 6,830, Straw, tons 63
Oats, ctls l,BOOJUme. bbls 40S
Corn, ctls ......... 40; Quicksilver, flasks 95
Rye, ctls 40*)iWine gallons 75,600
Cheese, ctls 92.Eggs, doz 17,190
Butter, ctls ....... 284' Sugar, sks 100
Beans, sks 230 Leather, rolls 16
Potatoes, Fks 2,438 Hides, No 93
Onions, sks 191 Pelts, bdls 60
Bran, sks 304 1
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks • 2.3221 Wheat. ctl» 700
Oats, ctls ¦ 350 1
WASHINGTON.
Flour, <jr sks 4,996 Oats, ctla 1,200
AUCTION SALES
NOTICE!
GOVERNMENT SALE
POSTPONED
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.
WATCH THIS ADVERTISEMENT KOR DAT
AND DATE OF SALE.
Sale consisting of 2000 Tents. 6000 Curtains
and Nets: 60CO Duck and Drill Mattress Covers;
ICCO Sleeping Bags; 6500 Pillows; 4000 Bhelter
Tents: 600 German Silver Band Instrument..
Bas. and Snare Drums; 100 Filters: 500 Gal-
vanized Water Buckets; 600 Assorted Shovels,
etc.
Contractors. Klondlkers. resort keepers, camp-
ers, hotels, steamboats, sailmakers. tent and
awning makers, attention called to this .ale.
NEW YORK AUCTION CO.. Auctioneers.
in the newly dredged channel. Martin Island
(lower) Post Light. ESE. Va E.; end of Deer
Island Shoal Jetty. S. «i E.
By order of the Lighthouse Bowi^^,
Commander. U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29,944 barrels; exports, 64,129; dull and easier
In absence of buyers, who were discouraged
over the firmness of mills in face of wheat's
break.
WHEAT— Receipts, 32.800 bushels; exports,
63.998; spot easy; No. 2 red, 74c elevator; No. 2
red, 75% c f. o. b. afloat in store; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 704 c afloat prompt; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 80c f. o. b. afloat prompt. Options
opened steady on better cables than expected,
but immediately weakened under heavy North
west receipts, bearish weekly statistics and
free short selling. Heaviness continued pretty
much all day. attended by a very light local
trade and disappointing export demand. Closed
weak at 4<9sfco net loss; March clcsed at 73*ic;
May, 73 7 4<&.24e. closed at 72c; July, 71%@72Vic,
closed at 72c; September closed at 71*4 c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— CIosed quiet, with prices 6@lo
points net lower; total sales were 13,250 bags,
including March, $7; June, $7; July, $7 10; Sep
tember. $7 20; October, $7 20; November, $7 25;
December, 57 25. ,
SUGAR— Raw quiet and steady: refined quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7861 packages; market
steady; June creamery. 190224 c; Western, 20®
24c: factory, 16©19 c.
EGGS— Receipts. 10,649 packages; market
firm; Western at mark, 14?ic; Southern at
mark, 14%@144c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples quiet and without new
feature of consequence. Prime grades ruled a
ehade lower on liberal offerings and absence
of buyers. California dried fruits ruled dull
end featureless.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
5«6c; prime, 6®6Vic; choice, 7@7Hc; fancy,
Sfi BUc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3H®7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, Wi?lsc; Moorpark, 15©lSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18@-22c; unpeeled, 7H©9c.
CHICAGO, Feb. 26.— The day In the wheat
pit was quiet. The steadiness of Liverpool
cave the market a bit of backbone early. May
opening 4c over Saturday at 66'ic. There was
no demand at that figure and the price quickly
broke to 63% c, where some support from shorts
steadied the market. May worked up to 66c,
but lost Us hold again as primary receipts were
heavy and the visible disappointed holders by
showing an increase. May sold off to 654e,
where there was a. better demand. The mar
ket steadied ond May closed J ,i6%c under
Saturday, reacting from 654 c to 65?i@G5%c.
The cash demand was slow, although bids
were far out of line. The Northwest was a
seller here and . New York and St. Louis
covered shorts. New York reported five loads
taken for export.
The corn market held steady on the light
country figures. Trade was quiet and fluctua
tions were narrow. The weakness of wheat
had something of a depressing influence, but
the price yielded but little and the close was
steady. May closed a shade down at 35c.
The trade In oata was light, but as there
was no pressure to sell and shorts covered
the close was firm. May closed a shade over
Saturday at 23?ic.
The provision market was stagnant and
heavy, but closed fairly steady. Prices at the
yards were lower and the demand generally
was slow. Scattered longs sold persistently
and packers were moderate buyers. May pork
closed a shade under Saturday. May lard
closed 6c lower at $5 TIM and May ribs 2V4@50
depressed. • '¦¦
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. • High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February ¦ •••• •••• *"H
May 664 C 6% 654 65%
July C 6% 66% 66H 6«H
Corn No. S— ' : " _
February •¦•• •••• 3*7fc
May 85* K>M 844 35
July 35V* 35% 84% 35K
May V..?". 23% 23% 23% 23%
July 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 10 62*4 10 674 10 574 10 624
July 10 70 10 70 10 62% 10 65
Lard, per 100 pounds—
May 6 S3# IKM 575 5 77*4
July 690 590 6 S2V4 5 874
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 680 6 82H 675 5 7714
July SSO 5 824 5 7714 580
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur. at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery, ISQ23c; dairy, 1540
21c. Cheese, firm, 12318 c. Eggs, firm: fresh 13
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morntnr tides are given In th« left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day. - the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand I column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are 'but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographle Office U S \ y. r
isssL,wsf •• Saa **««w cai.:
The time ball on the tower of the new V*tw
building was dropped at exactly noon Trvday^.
i._ c. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or atl
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
Lieutenant Commander. U^N^in^nafge.
8
Sun rises 6:44
Sun sets 6:01
Moon rises 5:04 a. m.
D ' Time Time Time Time
•> Ft. Ft- Ft. I— Ft.
? L^W H W L. W |H W
?T7.. 8:23 T< 9:29 5.7 3:S« — 0.1 10:50 ».l
IS ... 4:12 1.8 10:25 5.8 4:33-0.1 11:23 (.4
1 ... B:00 I.S 11:20 6.7 6:22 0.4 11:53 5.S
2 ... 5:50 0.9 12:15 5.5 «:01 0.9
HW L.W HW l. w
I ... 0:35 5.C 6:31 O.S 1:12 5.2 6:41 1.4
4 ... 1:11 5.7 7:29 0 5 2:12 4.8 7:22 1.9
6 ... 1:51 5.7 8:28 0.4| 3:17 4.S 8:07 2.4
From.
Due.
Steamen
T»,,,h ..ICoos Bay -.. Feb. 17
Australia ;Honolulu ... Feb. 2J
Lender." KotchlnoMU Feb. 77
ArSata ........ Coo» Bay Feb. XI
San Pedro- Humboldt Feb. 23
E^PiW ... Cooa Bay Feb. 23
State of Cai.... Portland Mar. I
clarina —.. **«« 9ound Mar - x
MadUwtw *.... Seattle Mar. 1
National CltV.. Gray. Harbor Mar. 1
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 1
Bontta Newport Mar. 2
Curacao Mexico Mar. 4
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 1
Washtena^r .... Tacoma... Mar. S
Vorth Fork Humboldt Mar. 3
Walla Walla... Victoria A Pnget Sound Mar. 3
Orizaba Humboldt — Mar. 3
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Mar. J
E. Thompaon... Oyster Harbor ~. Mar. 3
Aloha Crescent City Mar. S
Pomona San Dle»o Mar. 4
Wlllametta | Seattle....;. Mar. 4
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 5
Hathor Europe Mar. 5
Coos Bay Newport Mar. «
Steamer.
Destination. I
Balls.
I Pl«r.
Coptic China* Japan Feb. 27. lpm PM33
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am Pier 2*
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay Feb. 27. V> am Pier 13
Homer Oregon Ports. Feb. 27. Warn Pier 23
Newburg .- Grays Harbor Feb. 27. 6pm
Coos Bay... Newport Feb. 23. 9am Pier U
Peru Panama Feb. 2S. 12 m PMSS
Orizaba"... Humboldt Feb. 2S. 2 pmiPler 9
Samoa Humboldt liar. 1. 10am,Pierl3
Queen Vie A Ptt Sd. Mar. 2. 10 am Pier t
Corona San Diego Mar. 2. 11 am Pier U
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Mar. 2.
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 2. 10 am Pier 13
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 3, 2pm]Pler 2
Bonlta San Pedro Mar. i, »am'Plern
State of Cal|Portland Mar. 4. 10 am! Pier :*
Pomona ...SanlMeyo Mar. S,HamJPlerll
North Fork [Humboldt [Mar. »> 9 amjPler 2
From.
Due.
Steamen
T»,,,h ..ICoos Bay -.. Feb. 17
Australia ;Honolulu ... Feb. 2J
Lender." KotchlnoMU Feb. 77
ArSata ........ Coo» Bay Feb. XI
San Pedro- Humboldt Feb. 23
E^PiW ... Cooa Bay Feb. 23
State of Cai.... Portland Mar. I
clarina —.. **«« 9ound Mar - x
MadUwtw *.... Seattle Mar. 1
National CltV.. Gray. Harbor Mar. 1
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 1
Bontta Newport Mar. 2
Curacao Mexico Mar. 4
Progreso Tacoma Mar. 1
Washtena^r .... Tacoma... Mar. S
Vorth Fork Humboldt Mar. 3
Walla Walla... Victoria A Pnget Sound Mar. 3
Orizaba Humboldt — Mar. 3
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Mar. J
E. Thompaon... Oyster Harbor ~. Mar. 3
Aloha Crescent City Mar. S
Pomona San Dle»o Mar. 4
Wlllametta | Seattle....;. Mar. 4
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 5
Hathor Europe Mar. 5
Coos Bay Newport Mar. «
Steamer.
Destination. I
Balls.
I Pl«r.
Coptic China* Japan Feb. 27. lpm PM33
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am Pier 2*
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay Feb. 27. V> am Pier 13
Homer Oregon Ports. Feb. 27. Warn Pier 23
Newburg .- Grays Harbor Feb. 27. 6pm
Coos Bay... Newport Feb. 23. 9am Pier U
Peru Panama Feb. 2S. 12 m PMSS
Orizaba"... Humboldt Feb. 2S. 2 pmiPler 9
Samoa Humboldt liar. 1. 10am,Pierl3
Queen Vie A Ptt Sd. Mar. 2. 10 am Pier t
Corona San Diego Mar. 2. 11 am Pier U
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Mar. 2.
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 2. 10 am Pier 13
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 3, 2pm]Pler 2
Bonlta San Pedro Mar. i, »am'Plern
State of Cal|Portland Mar. 4. 10 am! Pier :*
Pomona ...SanlMeyo Mar. S,HamJPlerll
North Fork [Humboldt [Mar. »> 9 amjPler 2
Sun rises 6:44
Sun sets 6:01
Moon rises 5:04 a. m.
D ' Time Time Time Time
•> Ft. Ft- Ft. I— Ft.
? L^W H W L. W |H W
?T7.. 8:23 T< 9:29 5.7 3:S« — 0.1 10:50 ».l
IS ... 4:12 1.8 10:25 5.8 4:33-0.1 11:23 (.4
1 ... B:00 I.S 11:20 6.7 6:22 0.4 11:53 5.S
2 ... 5:50 0.9 12:15 5.5 «:01 0.9
HW L.W HW l. w
I ... 0:35 5.C 6:31 O.S 1:12 5.2 6:41 1.4
4 ... 1:11 5.7 7:29 0 5 2:12 4.8 7:22 1.9
6 ... 1:51 5.7 8:28 0.4| 3:17 4.S 8:07 2.4«*,4flS|i%JESh?*>* m EI3 Win non-pct!>rrr'^»
aTJfmar*' **=»<»<*/ tor tionormop*.
2PBBSrCZIIfIB*%£A Gleet, Sperm»torrhoi>*.
jSflßjr ia Ita & 4»75.«J Wnitaa, annaturil >!i*»
£7§Jj Oa»nct«»d jj charge*, or anr lr.fi- -rm->
Jr «•* a net to urUtai-% lion, (irritation ur u..-r.*-
!¦» TJPryrtnu coalition. tion ot ntooil Biesa*
K^THEEYANSChEMTIiCo. traae "- A'oo-*jtriiweau
VsgfVci>ts;mTi,o.E3S3 Sold bJ *>*'wrsr«»i*.
V " a 0T » ent ia Pl*ln wrapr«r,
JJB6*j*w_ ' ">6ffl b7 eipr»««. pr*pal>l. ti*
VKEB&a^Pj^M fM&» or 3 bottlua, 12.73.
Airp nOif II -«*«*• Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL "«£
Will l» IJUIIIi— sc . overcoats and
Valises checked fret-
STUDENTS HONOR
PROF. LE CONTE
ON HIS BIRTHDAY
Seventy-Seventh Anniver
sary Is Made Notable at
the University.
The Aged Professor Happily Be
sponds to the Warm Greetings
of His Many Friends
and His Classes.
BERKELEY. Feb. 26.— The seventy
seventh birthday of Professor Joseph Le
Conte of the University of California was
celebrated to-day by the students and
friends of the professor. His lecture room
was decorated with violets and palms
and crowded with students. An engrav
ing of "The Prophets" was presented on
behalf of the student body by President
FredDorety of the Associated Students.
Dr. Le Conte responded to the students
and said that every good thought which
he has ever had has come to him while
he was lecturing or preparing to lecture,
and that every scientific or phillsophical
article that he has ever written has
sprung from some germinated thought
which was first r* all given forth in the
classroom.
"I have tried," said he, "to give you the
true spirit of science, and, more than
that, the true spirit of learning. You said
to me that every year I am growing five
years younger. I sometime:* feel as if
that were really true, for my sympathy
with young people continually Increases,
anoVI look on youth with reverence."
ACTOR DENMAN
THOMPSON, HIS
PLAY AND ART
Typically American Drama
With All the Elements
of Popularity. ¦
Dearth of New Attractions This
Week — The Alcazar an Excep
tion With Clay Greene's
"The New South."
"Art" cannot b« applied to the acting
cf Der.man Thompson except In the coi
leqiilsl abuse of the word, and "drania"
cannot be applied to "The Old Homj-
Ftead" at all. It is not a play. It amust-s,
however, yea mightily, as the chortling
audience that always goes with it testi-
The entertainment (for want of a bet
ter term) is dear to the American heart
that large, healthy, cordial, good-natured,
nupid heart that beats time to slushy
eentimtnt In every form from the theat
rical- victories of virtue to the vaudevll
lanous "mother-song."
."The Old Homestead" is not a play, rie-
Fj-ite its undercurrent plot, any more
than three clubs and two spades are a
full hand. It has no more claim to litrr
ary consideration than Will Carltoti's
"poetry." with which class of productions
it is strictly analogous. This "entertain
ment" in tive acts is no more than a vehi
cle for one long, wide character — that of
Josh Whltcomb, a sort of tawdry frame
for a clever caricature.
The talk of faithfulness in Denman
Thompson's limning of the character; the
truthful presentation of a type, is simply
Filly. Without exaggeration s artful aid
there would be nothing to Uncle Josh.
not even his boots. As with the Greek
column that Is made convex in order that
it may appear straight; as with the
blotches of black in a Japanese print that
make the central design more luminous.
fo Desman Thompson's large splashes of
impossibility in his characterization aim
to endow it with distinctness.
He goes very much farther than is nec
pf«arv, however, and misses even the
pembfance of faithfulness: but I am not
prepared to pay that he sacrifices truth
to his appetite for applause. He simply
elves his auditors what they demand —
large, chunks of hayseed humor, which
enjoys them much.
Laughter and applause go vrith every
line of "The Old Homestead," in the face
of which criticism seems idle. There are
thope whom it does not move to smiles,
rnucn less the palmy impact and the
tumult of the 6o!e; but these are in the
minority and don't count. They certain
ly cannot hinder the success of "The Old
Homestead." for that Is a tradition as
pacred as the veracity of George Wash
ington.
Denman Thompson In his own play (?)
is better than any "Reuben" act one can
encounter on the vaudeville circuit and I
<Jeem it the duty of all children, young
and old. to see the original "author
actor" while they have the chance. That
large section of the populace to whom the
sentimental songster is very dear can
hear the best nondescript warbling cur
rent of "The Old Oaken Bucket" and
kindred hunks of harmony by a double
quartet in the production at the Colum
bia.
Mr. Thompson has made theatrical his
tory with his "Old Homestead," but the
prcat American type of the Down-East
Yankee has yet to be put on the stage
und that's no "Josh."
PORTER GARNETT.
Alcazar.
"The New South" was the attraction at
the Alcazar last night, and it was greeted
with the usually well filled first night
house, and with the usually warm
} • arted audience. Mary Hampton and
Krnest Hastings carried off the applauso
cf the piece, it being r.o more than poetic
justice that they should, as they were the
hf-ro and heroine, and brave Captain
Harry Ford and big-hearted Georgia
Gwynne were very much in love with
each other. They were called before the
curtain five times at the close of the first
act, four times after the second act and
presented with violets, and again after
the third act to receive the enthusiastic
applause of a well-pleased audience. Jef
fry Williams as General Hewston Gwynne
and Mlfis Laura Crews as Bessie Fessen
*len received what applause was left over.
ar.d there was plenty of it, and plenty of
laughter at the amusing episodes with
¦w hich the tearful element of the play was
interspersed.
California.
"The Silence of Dean Maltland" was
e train presented to the public in the Cali
fornia Theater last evening. The attend
ance was fair, considering the nature of
the piece, the people as a rule evidently
preferring' entertainment of the lighter
vein. H. R, Roberts, the Australian
tictor, made an earnest effort to please in
the difficult parts he had to carry. This
? voning Maggie Moore, one of the old
time favorites in San Francisco, will ap
iK-ar in her Irish comedy, "Mrs. Quinn's
vwins." \
Grand Opera-House.
The extravaganza "Aladdin Jr." began
Its fourth week at the Grand Opera-house
last night to a crowded house, and the
numerous specialties introduced met with
unstinted applause. A large number cf
the members of California Parlor, N. S.
G W with their ladies were present and
ic-cmed to thoroughly enjoy themselves.
Symphony Concert Thursday.
The fourth and next to the last of the
Eerie* of symphony concerts under the di
rection of Her.ry Holmes will take place
Ft the Grar.d Opera-house next Thursday
afternoon at 3:15. The programme will in
clude works by Mendelssohn, Schumann,
Balnt-Saens and Weber.
Olympia.
Ther« Is the usually good bill at the
OlyiKpia. Blanche Le Clair Sloan Is still
making a hit with her flying ring act. and
Ktcf the bill is well up to the
Mandard.
Sale for Wagner Concerts.
The subscription sale for the series of
concerts to b« given at the California
Theater durins the next two weeks in
-xh'ch Mme. Gadeki. David Bispham and
Walter D&mrosch will appear in a reper
toire including all the Wagner operas
cpens this morning.
(l j^gATENTSt A
MARKET ST.Sf.^S^
Civil Service Examination.
On account of the great number of ap
plications received by the Civil Service
Conimi5 S ion for the examination of^copy
!kt wh'h is far in excess of expectations.
he examination has been WPoned from
Thursday evening, March 1 to *he even
ing of Wednesday. March 14, y«en lt»m
be Tfafiid in the auditorium of to« Gins
Geisha Girls Arrested.
Four Japanese Geisha girls were ar
rested at 526 Pine street last evening by
Sergeant Helms and posse and charged
at the California-street station with hav
ine become inmates of houses of pros
titution The house, which was ostenel
wv a Japanese Geisha and tea parlor,
v?, been watched by the police for some
time and as a result the raid was made.
All the girls appeared in their dancing
cogtumes *t the police station. .
TWO CRIMINALS, ONE
VICTIM OF TANFORAN
Mail Clerk Perez and Hotel Porter
Blythe Plead Guilty to In- .
dictments.
Thoma*s N. Perez and George T. Blythe
appeared before United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday and pleaded
pullly to the Indictments against them.
They were ordered to appear on Wednes
day for sentence.
Perez was until recently a clerk in the
ELKS PREPARING FOR
A SOCIETY CIRCUS
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— Another society
circus is being arranged by the Oakland
lodge of Elks for March 19, 20 and 21.
Like the successful affair of four years
ago. this one will also be for the benefit
of the Elks' rest in Mountain View Ceme
tery. A large 300-foot tent will be located
at the corner, of Jackson and Twelfth
streets for the occasion. It will contain
three rings and an elevated stage. One
of the promised features, aside from the
best talent on both sides of the bay. will
be Norrls Brothers' entire pony and dog
show. On the morning of the opening day
there will also be a grand street parade.
The various committees in charge are
now busily engaged arranging for the
affair." . •
ASPHYXIATED BY GAS.
William H. Toomey Meets Death Ac
cidentally in a Hotel.
William H. Tooxney, a young man well
Jciown about town, was found dead in
bed at the Hancock House, 7SI Mission
street, at 9 o'clock yesterday morning,
having been accidentally asphyxiated by
pas Some painters working on the inside
cf the building noticed a strong odor of
ras apparently coming from one of the
rooms and notified the landlord. The
door was forced open and the body of
Toomey discovered on the bed. One of
thY gas Jets was turned on full force.
The body was removed to the Morgue.
nprWaLed was 21 years old and the son
ofS-Toomev, formerly United States
ron-ul at Munich. Bavaria. He was born
H Munich and received a fine education
kbroad Henry Toomey says his son had
been in the habit of taking bromide to
tmiet his nerves, as he was in poor health.
2nrt may have accidentally turned the gas
co^kaner putting out the light while
suffering from an overdose of the drug.
The theory that the young man com
muted suicide is scouted by all the mem
ri^ nf his family, who cay there was
no reason why he should take
his life! He was formerly purchasing
«?r «tf nr the San Francisco Gas and
Srlc Compw and had Just accepted
a RxTod position with a firm across the
bay. _ .
KENTUCKY PRACTICALLY
WITHOUT A GOVERNMENT
Democratic Contestants Sworn in and
There Is a Deadlock Fending
Court's Decision.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 26.— The State
Contest Board this afternoon awarded
certificates of election to all the Demo
cratic contestants for minor State offices.
Immediately afterward the contestants
were sworn In and repaired to the State
House in a body, where they made a
formal demand on the Republican incum
bents for possession of the offices. The
demands were not acceded to. *
Clerk of the Court of Appeals Shackel
ford administered the" oath of office to all
the contestants for offices other than
Governor and Lieutenant Governor.
Immediately after the swearing in of
the Democratic officials injunction suits
were filed by - each of the new officials,
seeking to oust the Republicans from of
fice and enjoining them from exercising
the rights, duties and- prerogatives now
appertaining thereto. The installation
of the Democratic officials will have the
effect of tying up tightly every branch
of the State government, pending a de
cision of all the contests by the courts.
Until then the State will be practically
without a State government.
DISPUTE OF CENTRAL
AMERICAN REPUBLICS
United. States Will Endeavor to Pre
vent War Between Nicaragua
:./, ;.'. and Costa Rica.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— Unofficial
mall reports received at the State Depart
ment announce that -v trouble between
Costa Rica and ' Nicaragua is expected.
These reports : have been referred to the
Navy Department for the consideration
SOCIETY CONCERT FOR
BENEFIT OF SAILORS
Entertainment at the Palace Which
Was Attended by Many Rep
resentative People.
The amateur concert which was given
in the Maple room of the Palace Hotel'
last evening for the benefit of the San
Francisco Seaman's Church and Insti
tute and the Seaman's Catholic Institute
was a real success both financially and
socially.
The Maple room was crowded to Its ut
most capacity. by the city's elite, who en
joyed some really excellent amateur con
cert work and incidentally helped along
irrespective of sectarian affiliations two
charities- that are doing untold good
among the men who go down to the sea
in ships.
The admission was $2 DO, but It was eas
ily within the reach of the class that con
tributed to both the audience and the
performers, and the crowd that gathered
Justified the expectations that were raised
when it was known that the following
well known ladies had consented to act as
patronesses and lend their influence to
the success of the affair: Mrs. Parrott,
Mrs. Casserly. Mrs. Head. Mrs. William
IL Taylor, Mrs. Tobin, Mrs. Irwln, Mrs.
Henry T. Scott. Mrs. -Will Crocker. Mme.
de Lalande, Mrs. Joseph A. Donohoe,
Mrs Hobart and Mrs. Joseph D. Grant.
The returns from the concert have not all
been figured up, but they were more than
satisfactory and will help along very ma
terially the two Institutions to whose
treasuries they will flow.
Mrs Strengellow, Ala
L. J Rose. El Rio
Mrs JL. J Rose. El Rio
J B Hennell. Chicago
Mrs Hennell. Chicago
A G Dunn. Seattle
H P Nye. San Diego
F H Buck. Vacavtlle
A E Evans. Chicago
W McCreery. Oak Knl
Drury Melone.Oak Knl
R E Jack. 8 L, Oblspo
A M Henry, Detroit
Miss Henry, Detroit
Miss E Henry, Detroit
Mrs E C Van Busklrk.
New York
Miss A E Davenport.
London
Miss Stlmsay. London
Master Stlmsay, Lndn
J J Day. Chicago
Mrs Day, Chicago
Nat Roth. N V
Miss G Gorday. Omah
C A Baldwin. S Clra
Mrs Baldwin. S Clara
M Erdmann. N V
H Ruhland. N V
Mrs Morrison. Chlcac
W Strengellow. Ala
GRAND HOTEIj.
W F Klota. Loa Ang
Mrs A Knicnt. L A \
J R Thoraaa, Los Ang
J H Hlelbourne, Butte
G J Wheatland. Oakld
R B Lathead. Seattle
A. M Stevenson, wf .eld
Vacaville
E W Keen. wf. LA
0 E GUson. Contr
A. Olson. Minn
R Ewart. Everett
2 M Neel. Chicago
J,W Forgens, S Cruz
3 J Owens, Cal
H H Hunter. 8 Joss
1 Morava. Chicago
2 Troy, Chicago
W W Patterson. Wstly
E C Caller, Grass Vly
Vlrs N A Roth. Portrvl
Mrs S 3 Stuart, do
3 Werthelmer, St. L
O M Thurber. Chgo
3 W Dunnell, Montajr
R E Andrews C Ft W
R J Hutchins, Kalama
C H Walszea. Crockett
H Koester. Cle\-eland
J Armett. Toronto
F Shine. Stockton
A Holmgren, Sacto
R F Davids. Merced
J L McDonald. L Ang
X Small, Tacoma
F W Green. Portland
M Hoey. Seattlo
A O Ritchie, Vancver
H B Wood, San Jose
Mrs Wood. San Jose
A C Luck. Austin. Ny
C W Hlckmann. Mont
J O Bauemschmidt,
Baltimore. Md
S Greenberj. N V
C E Gilroy. Clnn
W E Burrls. Chicago .
R P Peacock. Chcgo
R Farley. Boston
W Blahay. Phlladel
H Thomas. Riverside
8 W Wilier. Chtcaso
Mrs Willey, Chicago
F B Reese. London
W B Siemens. R I
E E Hartzel. N V
E H Sayer. N V
W B Dudley. N V
W L Wood row. S Jose
Mrs Woodrow. 8 Jose
A S Brown. Los Ang
R B McCabe. L Ang
W H Huff. Los' Ang
J F Brawy, Boston
J H Beattey, Phila
Mrs Beattey. Phtla
S M Hamman. Chicgro
8 Newmark. Los Ang
J W Morrison. Chcgo
R Elliott, wf, Chco
nr lebell. Uklah
3 R Kennedy Chico
1 A Dean, wf, Chgo-
M A Nurse, Sacto
T Craig, Woodland
H J Pflangrer. Los An
I J Fralror. wf. Sacto
Marie Reaner. Vicuna
3 Dation, wf, Los Ang
A. T Redford.
(VR Inwood. Pinole
3 Dannenbanm. Vallej
: 8 Williams, Fresno
E A Preble. Cal
S D Severs. Cal
J Michel. N V -
f J Dunne, Seattle
5 A Spring. New York
D C Mitchell. N»Y i
3 M Westcott, Concord
L. P Klmball. Salt Lk
r S Donovan, Park Cy
M Woolf. New York '
M Dupenhock, Sacto
O J Ketchum. N V
P W Morse. Watsonvl :
T J Neill. wf. fmy. Cal
Mrs L' D Davis. Omalr
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
M Troy, Fresno
J Whltaker. Fresno
j F McGinley. S Joae
p F Hanlon. San Jos«
C M Watson. liutt«
J Mathews. Sonora
8 Reed 4 w. N V
R W Gates. Suisun
O F Atchley. Fresno
O W Condon. Rio VUt
Meeting of Train Conductors.
The Order of Railway Conductors, which
has been in session here for the last three
days, has concluded Its labors and elected
the following officers to serve during the
next year: W. V. Stafford, general chair
man; D. C. Gillen, vice chairman, and O.
C. . Scriven, secretary. There were eight
representatives of the different divisions
of the Pacific system present, including
one who represented the roads In Oregon.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PAXiACE HOTEL.
AGED JOHN NICHOLL
WANTS A NEW TRIAL
— i
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— The motion for a
new trial in the breach of promise case
of Jane Hodge against John Nlcholl,
wherein a jury awarded . plaintiff $23,000
damages, was partially argued before
Judge Ogden this afternoon. Attorney
Sam Bell McKee. on behalf of the defend
ant seeking a new trial, went so far as to
state that the marriage of the aged couple
would have been- against good public
policy. He claimed every element that
should enter Into a marriage was lacking
In their case; that the aged capitalist
sought only a companion. The attorney
reproved plaintiff for having given out
pictures and interviews to the news
papers. He based much stress on the
claim that the award of damages was ex
cessive. The motion will be further ar
gued on March 12.
FATHER YORKE TO GIVE
A SERIES OF LECTURES
The Able Priest to Preach at the
Cathedral During the Coming
Week— List of Subjects.
Rev. Peter C. Torke will open a series
of eight' conferences on' "Present Prob
lems" in St. Mary's Cathedral at 11
o'clock next Sunday. As the title of the
course indicates, the most important re
ligious questions of the present day will
be treated.' The following is the : pro
gramme:
"The Secular Conflict.? . Sunday, March
4, 11 o'clock a, m.; "The Social Evil." 8
p. m. ; "Faith and the Faith." Monday;
"Marriage and Divorce," Tuesday; "The
Ethics «f Education," Wednesday; "The
Philosophy of Mammon," Thursday; "The
Canons of Progress." Friday: "The New
Heavens and the New Earth," Sunday,
March 11, 11 o'clock a. m;
On the week evenings the lectures will
begin at 8 o'clock. In addition to the con
ferences, Father Torke will lecture on
Sunday evening, March 11, in the Cathe
dral, The subject of his lecture will be
"Rome." .<¦•-:..
Pleasant, Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Dofirxv?.
Never Sicken. Weaken, or (iripe. 10c. 35c, £0.- Write
for free sample, and booklet on health. Address
BUrlUg Rr«4 y Caapiir, (. hlc.co, Sontr-.!, s«w lor. . £S»
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAR
REV. L. J. GARVER, Who Has Scandalized Haywards.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— Rev. Leonard J. Garver, who dispenses theology to
residents of Hayward3 through the Haywards Congregational Church,
of which he Is pastor, did a cakewalk a few evenings ago, and now
the Congregational denomination is stirred as no other cakewalk ever
stirred it, and the tongues are awag as no other dancer ever set them going.
It was no minuet that the Rev. Mr. Garver tripped, in the good old
fashioned style of our grandparents. It was a regular ragtime cakewalk,
with all of the most modern appurtenances, and he did it cane and hat in
hand, with a young lady on his arm. It was as full of new steps as the
most approved bit of cakewalking. and those who witnessed the little dash
say that the Rev. Mr. Garver has nothing to be ashamed of in regard to his
cakewalking abilities. It all happened at an entertainment given by Palma
Circle of the Women of Woodcraft, the female adjunct to the Woodmen of
the "World. The entertainment proper had closed, and after the musical
numbers the band struck up a cakewalk, in which it was expected that some
of those present would take part. It was hardly expected that the minister
would take his turn, but somehow the spirit of cakewalking moved him and
he did his stepa with the rest. As the ragtime swelled and tripped and
skipped in its hurdle-Jumping way the Rev. Mr. Garver became enthused.
He took a cane and a hat. and with Miss May Hamilton, who is one of the
most expert cakewalkers in the bay region, he did his turn down the room
and back again.
Being a wearer of "the cloth," and in addition a large man who bears a
striking resemblance to President McKinley, the minister's cakewalk has
caused no little comment, though, be it said for the sake of the reverend
gentleman, he Is heartily sorry that he took those steps. It was done at a
semi-public entertainment, and that -is where the trouble came and how the
story got out. .Ragtime Is more popular now .in Haywards than ever before,
and cakewalking has been given an additional impetus from its ministerial
backing. . . ,;• .' r •'
TAKES PRESIDENT
WHEELER'S CLASSES
HIRAM BINGHAM.
BERKELEY. Feb. 26.— Hiram Bing
ham has taken President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler's classes in "Greek In
stitutions" at the State University
during the absence of the president on his
Eastern trip. It is a great honor for a
young man to be asked to take President
Wheeler's classes, and Mr. Bingham :is
carrying them on very acceptably.
mailing department of th« Postofflce, and
was caught by Postofflce Inspector Erwln
with bills •in his possession which had
been taken from three stolen letters. A
nolle prosequl was entered as to two of
tho letters and Perez pleaded guilty to
one of the counts in the indictment. He
had been suspected for several months of
opening letters and stealing money from
them, and attention was first attracted
toward him by his frequent visits to the
gambling den at Tanforan.
Blythe was a hotel porter at Holllster
and stole a cigar case and muffler from a
registered package sent to "William J.
Blggy at that place.
MURDERED BY FIJIANS
DURING A REBELLION
Edgar P. Thompson and His Wife
Slain on the Island They
Owned and Ruled.
EVANSVILLE, Ind.. Feb. 26.—Evans
ville heirs of Edgar P. Thompson, owner
and ruler of Vartu Vara, one of the Fiji
islands, who left an estate valued at $10.
000,000, have been notified of his death.
They are Benjamin G. Thompson and Mrs.
Kate R. Thompson, a nephew and niece.
They/inherit one-twelfth of the estate.
The reports, which have just been re
ceived through the missionaries, state
that Thompson and his wife were mur
dered In a rebellion of the natives.
KILLED DEER BY WHOLESALE.
Two Men Arrested While Working
on the Carcasses.
COVELO, Feb. 26.— Charles Harris and
James Slmmonln, well-known ranchers of
this section, were arrested to-day,
charged with the wholesale slaughter of
deer. The officers surprised the parties
working on the carcasses of twenty deer
in an old deserted barn In the mountains.
The evidence points to the destruction of
over 150 deer by the men since the close of
the season. It Is believed some merchants
of the community were rendering assist
ance In disposing of the venison. Several
hundred pounds of smoked hams, tender
loin and boneless shoulders were seized.
The preliminary hearing was set for to
morrow.
»- • .¦
GERMAN RULE IN SAMOA.
Natives to Be Given a Form of Self-
Government.
BERLIN, Feb. 26.— A leading Foreign
Office official, discussing to-day the organ
ization of the administration of German
Samoa, said: •
"It Is impossible to give details as yet
regarding the form of government to be
adopted. Dr. Solf will have large discre
tionary powers and will give the natives
as: much self-government as his experi
ence and observations will warrant. There
will be as few administrative officials as
possible. Everything will be kept simple.
No difficulty with the natives is expected,
as they are peaceably Inclined."
• —
Says He Is Innocent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 26.— Alvord and
Downing, who were arrested last week
by Chief Detective Thacker on the charge
of being Implicated In the Southern Pa
cific hold-up at Cochlse last September
were placed in the Tombstone Jail to-day.
On being questioned regarding their par
ticipation in the robbery, Alvord said:
"All that I know Is I am here and am
innocent." The preliminary hearing will
take place on the Ist of March. •
Harrison Gray Otis Brevetted.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the following nomina
tions:
To be major general by brevet:- Brigadier
General Harriswi Gray Otis. U. B. V.
To be brigadier general by brevet: Colonel
O. O. Summers, Second Oregon Volunteer In
fantry; Colonel H. C. Kessler, First Montana
Volunteer Infantry.
Death of Horatio Pike.
SEATTLE, Feb. 26.— Horatio N. Pike, a
pioneer lawyer of the Pacific Coast, died
to-day at the County Hospital of Inflam
mation of the kidneys after an illness of
three days. He was 72 years of age at
tha time of his death.
Baptist Ministers Meet.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 26.— A meeting was
held here to-day by prominent Baptist
ministers at which the question of the
exemption of church property from tax
ation was discussed.
If you haven't a regular, health 7 movement of taa
bowels every day, you're sick, or will be. Kerp your
bowels open, and bo well. Force, In thetbapeof
violent pbyslc or pill poison, is dancerous. Tbe
smoothest, easiest, most perfect way or keeping :o«
bowels clear and clean U to UUe
Rev. Leonard, J. Garver, of Haywards Conpptional Ctarch,
Scandalizes His Floci ly Joinini in the Ethiopian Pastime
aM Caperii Solemnly Down a Crowded Hall.
STANFORD'S GRAND
ANNIVERSARY BALL
A Brilliant Gathering of Native Sons
in a Most Beautifully Deco
rated Hall.
Never since the Xative Sons' Assembly
Hall was dedicated has it presented a
more handsome appearance than it did
last night, decorated for the fourteenth
anniversary ball given by Stanford Parlor
No. 76 of the Native Sons. The decora
tions were principally roses and fern 3,
peach blossoms and Japanese umbrellas,
tastefully arranged. In place of badges
the committee men wore pink ribbons
with a small gold star in the center.
There were present about six hundred
persons, filling the dance floor and gal
leries. The grand march was led by Will
iam H. Dick, president of the parlor, and
Mrs. Dick, and under the direction of A.
F. Schleicher the many couples who par
ticipated formed a gigantic letter "S" and
then the figures "7<i," novel and pretty
flgures In a trand march.
fhe gentlemen were all in evening dress
and the ladies handsomely gowned. The
function was under the direction of the
following:
Floor director— William H. Dick. Floor com
mitee—John W. Lewis. A. F. Slelcher, Jay T
Nash, U U Head, C. A. Moraghan. William
F. Humphrey, J. D. Dougherty. A. H. Glan
n'ni, r. J. Weniger. Reception committee —
Chairman. Henry K. Martin; Harrison House
worth. L>. O. Martin. Alfred J. Fritz, F. A.
Wllkle. Fred C Boden. I). A. Curtln, Joseph
CJreenberg, Washington Dodge, S. O. btanyan.
Waldo S. HucJter, John J. McCarthy. E. K.
lirjant.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. William
H. Dick, Miss Elizabeth Dick, 11. M. Furman.
F. 11. Eclcenroth Jr.. Mies Elma Ball. Miss
Eusey. Charles F. Fuller, Miss Sophie Streiss,
Miss Annie Tannian, A. H. Mllletr, Miss Lily
gimp«on. Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Goodrich, the
Mieses Barron. Mlpo Grace Jackson. Chris Don
ovan, L. R.. AStken, Mrs. Altken, Dr. G. N.
Van Orden. Joseph Tudau, Miss Elsie E. Mora
ghan, Louis Helnrich, Mrs. Helnrlch. Mrs.
W. H. Meyer. Bandtord Lewald, M. L.
Sullivan, Mrs. and Mrs. J. J. Young,
Robert Schord, Miis Hattie Crockett,
Dr. Washington Dodge, B. H. Elkendahl,
W. van der Lelth. Miss E. Barronlo, J. A. Al
eig. Miss Eva Fournler, D. O. Callaghan, E. L.
Burr. W. E. Dorn, Mrs. Dorn. Frank Monahw.
Miss Sadie O'Riley, Leo J. Devlin. Miss Short.
Eugene Ratto t Leonard Stone, a B, Fugazzl,
H. J. Cordes. Mrs. Cordes, E. S. Grleby, Miss
May da Larivlere, Charles F. Ratto. Miss Rosa
Lerevlere. J. W. Humphrey, Mrs. K. Hum
phrey, Thomas H. Reynolds, Mrs. Reynolds, F.
H. Jung, Miss Leonle Jung, O. A. Foster, Mr.
and Mrs. P. Livingston Dunn, Miss Grenham.
A. F. Schleicher. Mrs. W. A. Aubry, Mr. and
Mrs. D. A. Curtln. Mr. and Mre. D C. Martin.
Miss Kate Hampton, Charles Strobel. C. J.
Bauer, F. H. Hllbert, Mrs. Hilbert. Miss
Hilda Marshall, Miss Anita Touhlll. Dr. L. A.
Colestock. Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Fowler, Daniel
F. Murphy. W. F. Humphreys, Mr. and Mrs.
P. J. Weinegh, Mlse Cella Tobin, Mrs. E. Llt
telSeld, Miss M. LltUefield, L. O. Haven, Philip
Lawler, F. L. Wolf, Miss Maude Parkhurst,
Thomas Ryan, A. Meeks, Mrs. Meeks, J. J. Van
Xottrand, Miss Madeline Leahy, Paul de
Loe. Miss Kva Mulvllle, Mies Maude Mul
ville, Thomas P. Grennan, G. 8. Oliver.
Mr. and Mrs. C. T. Cohn, Mrs. Mulvllle,
Thomas J. Marauley. Miss Jeannette Macauley,
Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Walsh. Mr. and Mrs. E. H.
Hammer. Mrs. D. Partridge, Mr. and Mrs.
Harrison Houseworth, Mrs. O. D. Austin, W.
H. Carroll and Mrs. Carroll, the Misses Carroll,
William Alexander, Mrs. M. M. Dodge. J. W.
Btrehl, H. F. Peraan, Miss May Pernan, F. W.
Bert Jr.. Dr. A. H. Glannlni, Miss Florence
Pcatlnl. Miss Bertha Rega. P. Hurleman and
Mrs. Hurleman. Mrs. P. Hurleman 6r.. W. B.
Grosh. Miss Anita Klngley, It. Son. Miss K.
Klngley, Gilmert H. Russell, James Thompson,
Mrs. L. Haycroft, George Schartz, Miss Emma
Feisel. Percy Hammond. Miss Ethel Bradford,
Miss ,Mabel Bradford, W. H. Kedlcan. Mrs. C.
Moore, Grant A. Laughlin, Miss Llnnell. J.
Everett Sharp, Dan Copsey. Miss Neva M.
Swain. John T. Monges and Mrs. Monges, H.
A. Byrnes, Acton Haven, A. E. J. Nye, Miss
Mertyr Herbert. Ph. Hewer. Mrs. Fred L. Wil
eon. Harry J. Mahoney, Mr. and Mrs. E. R.
Brady. A. W. Dollard, Miss C. H. Keogh, E.
C. Saul, J. T. Nash. Mrs. E. F. yon Haper
korn, George Glnty, Mr. and Mrs. W. 8.
Rucker. Miss ' Saunders, George H. Stein. W.
W. Finney. Mrs. Fahrenkrup, . Mrs. E. Gal
lagher, Miss E. Sbammel, Thomas B. Upton,
Percy V. Long, T. A. Ragner and Mrs.
Ragner, Miss Ragner. Joseph Gildea, Mr. and
Mrs. C. Monges, J. B. Bocarde, Miss R. Alex
ander. Miss Alexander, J. J. Cassldy. Miss
Kate JV Rlley. Miss- Virginia" Cassidy. Mr. and
Mrs. Merrilicn, J. D. Lescur. Miss Neerllman,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Boldemann, C. A.
Kornbeck. J. W. Rlley. Dr. and Mrs. Charles
H. Bfll. Miss A. Spellman, Mr. and Mrs. Chas.
K. Howe. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Lewis. Robert
A. Marshall. Miss Tharpe. Walter F. Murphy.
Mlfs Isabelle Donovan, Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
Dollard. Mis* L. E. Kelly. Myrtle Cerf. J. E.
Barry. Charles Stephens, Miss Spencer. Mr.
and Mrs. J. Parker. R. W. Dennis, Charles H.
Ftokes. Miss Sadie G. Sullivan. Miss Edna
O'Neil. 11. Van Valkenbergh. Miss Lane. Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Wheland, S. O. Stanyan, Miss
N'iblock, Miss Stanyan. Mr. and Mrs. James
Scott, Miss Gertrude Pcott. Dr. and. Mrs.
W. H. Selbert. Miss Helen RuthraiT. Mr.
and Mrs. Fred C. Boden. Dr. T. D. Maher,
Mi«s Eertha Maher. Miss Mollle Downs, W.
Wilson Mr and Mrs. C. W. Stanyan. Miss
Ftanyan. J. Greenwood. N. F. Hall. C. J.
Bauer Fred K. Bishop. Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Kartick, James D. Dougherty. Mrs. J. Schlelch
er, Mrs. J. Denzler. Louis F. Kelly. Mr. and
Mrs. W. J. Mac Donald. Thomas O'Callaghan.
Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Glannlni, Miss Rose Cuneo.
Miss Jennie Gay. Dr. A. 11. yon der Leith,
Harry Haslam. Mrs. Haslam, Miss Ella Phean,
Miss Mary Shean. W. A. O'Toole, George
Gunty, Miss A. E. Artlgues, Mrs. A. Artigues.
William F. Fisher. Miss Sadie E. Gould, Dr.
H. D. Noble. Miss Mac L. Tower, J. A. White,
Mr. and Mrs. \V. B. Larklns, M. Chevsich,
I)r' T. Martin Smith. S. A. Soarle, Miss Dora
Heuer, Miss E. Heuer, Mrs. Heuer F. I. Gon
zales. E. A. Groezlnger, Miss Emille A. Groe
zintrer. Mr. and Mrs. P. F. McCarthy. Miss
A. Duffey, Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Kelly, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles W. Bealer, E. F. Glennon, Miss
Kate Ryan, Miss Mulcaire, Mrs. Wainwriubt,
Mrs Reid, Miss Christine Daly, Mr. and Mrs.
L Herrtnehl. James J. GUdea, Miss GUdea,
Mr. and Mrs. F. J. McCarthy, H. A. . Fritz,
Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Head, F. B. Surryhne,
F G. Hensell and Mrs. Hen6ell, J % F. Selberst
and Mr*. Selberst. S. M. Crim, Emil Kehrleln,
Mrs Serberln. Mm. C. Gegus, Mrs. A. Clarke.
J W McDonald Jr..»Mlss Edith O'Brien. Miss
E. McDonald. Ed Conboy, Hy Lundstedt. W.
F Sawyer. Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Bornemann,
Mr and Mrs. C. B. Pressley, Joseph Ebert,
Mrs. A Eber, Miss F. Eber. Dr. Klngwell,
Miss May J. McDonald. S. V. Costello, Mr.
and Mrs. George L. Albertl. John D. Mahoney,
Mips Mabel Quatmann, Mr. and Mrs. W. J.
Peden Jr., W. V. McDonald, Miss O'Toole,
Charles Hoey. Miss M. Hoey. Mr. and Mrs. L.
Robinson. P. J. Connelly. E. Hayden, Dr. Clay.
Adolph Cohen. Miss Cohen, Mr. and Mrs. J.
J Lennan, Miss M. T. Lennan, L. O. Schord
Jr.. E. L. Culan. A. N. Trainor, Miss Gertie
V. Lennan. Judge E. A. Belcher, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Fred Schemp, E. R. Bryant. M. D. : Lewis
F. Bylngtnn, L. S. Crackborn. James P.
Sweeney Henry Diblee Jr., Claire Sullivan,
Miss Clotllde Sullivan. Dr. J. W. Alderson,
D. E. Hayden. C. A. Monaghan. Miss Annie
Smltt, A- Lowney. Thomas F. Barry.
WITH HAT AND CANE AND LADY
THE PASTOR DID A CAKEWALK
V
High School at -eeary and Scott streets.
There are now on fll« with the commis
sion 571 applications for the examination
as copyist, of which 337 have been filed
by men and 234 by women. All of these
applicants are desirous of filling. the po
sition as copyist, of which there are only
25 in the City Hall, 20 in the Recorder's
office and 16 in the County Clerk's office.
of naval officials.- but no request for the
dispatch of a warship to. either Grey town
or Brlto has been made. ! .
The information is at variance with that
of Senor Corea, the Nicaragua Minister
to. the United States, who called at the
State Department to-day and informed
the officials that the situation in his
country was peaceful; that there was no
danger bo far as he. was aware of a con
flict between Nicaragua and . Costa Rica,
and that- his Government. did not covet
Co3ta Rlcan territory.; >.
It Is understood the < State ¦ Department
Is proceeding on ' the assumption that
there is danger of trouble and that Min
ister Merry is making efforts to peace
fully settle the difficulty. In view of the
importance of the preservation at this
time of the existing Governments, on ac
count of the political status of the canal
matter, it is proposed by this Government
to do all it can in the way of using its
good offices to prevent hostilities between
the two Central American republics.
REMARKABLE SPEECH
MADE BY CECIL RHODES
KIMBERLEY. Saturday, Feb. 24.— Cecil
Rhodes, presiding at a meeting 1 of the
De Beers Company, delivered a remark
able speech, which was received with en
thusiasm. After announcing that the
year's profits of the De .Beers Company
amounted to £2,000,000, be spoke of the
Chartered Company's transactions with
De Beers, and said that the shareholders
were divided into j two classes — imagina
tive and unimaginative. . The latter, he
said, passed their lives filling money bags
that are dissipated by their offspring on
wine, women and horses. To the latter
class, he stated that the transaction with
the Chartered Company had closed satis
factorily, as the De Beers Company
owned all the diamonds wherever Its
charter existed. To the imaginary, he
drew an eloquent picture of these mine 3
100 years hence, as mirroring European
civilzation in the far South. "The lat
ter," he said, "feel a glow of satisfaction
at the thought that the Immense riches
taken from the soil have not been merely
devoted to the decoration of the fair sex."
Speaking ot the war, he considered it a
puzzle why it had arisen. The Transvaal
and the Free State were not republics, he
declared, but oligarchies, and had been
long conspiring to seize British South Af
rica. Each government was simply a
small political gang, who humbugged the
poor Dutchmen), appealing to their pa
triotism and dividing the spoils among
their coteries. The Afrikander has been
working twenty years for independence.
He said that former President Reltz of
the Orange Free State had years ago
avowed that his only ambition in life was
to drive England out of Africa-
After showing how Kimberley had been
defended by citizens, of 'whom 120 had
been killed or wounded, and thanking
General French for his gallant ride, Mr.
Rhodes closed brilliantly, asserting: "We
have done our duty in preserving and
protecting the greatest commercial asso
ciation in the world— her Majesty's flag."
m
ENGLISHMEN ADMIRE
CRONJE'S GREAT COURAGE
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— A dispatch to
the Journal and Advertiser from London
says J. B. Robinson, the African million
aire miner, said:
I have known Cronje long and Intimately, and
wish I could now shake his hand and tell him
how much I. in common. I believe, with every
Englishman, admire the courage he has shown.
He may be our foe. but England Is generous
enough to recognize the good qualities of the
man fighting against her.
Cronje and his 7000 men have certainly re
vealed a heroism never surpassed in the history
of our race. Surrounded by. an army of 45,000
men, with 110 gune continually pouring shells
on :thelr position, they have stood at bay for
days. • It is only .what'" those of us who know
the man expected from Cronje. He will never
of his own will surrender. He may be com
pelled by his men refusing to fight any longer,
but of that I am very doubtful. He Is support
ed by the Old Guard of the Transvaal. No Boer
has such influence over, hia followers. They
believe him invincible. They almost worship
him. •¦ " : * a.v*; ; i;v f~ '-.-:
I believe He can, if his meri only, stand by
him, resist for weeks.' He made for the spot
where he is now intrenched for two reasons.
First, he wanted to be as near Bloemfontein aa
possible, because his relief would come from
there. Next, he was aware that the situation
he now holds was the best fitted for defense.
It is the bend of the - river, and that means
much of shelter. The South African rivers are
not like English rivers. Here the waters come
up to the top of the banks; in South Africa the
steep sides mount up ten, twenty and even
thirty feet above the water.
In these banks caves can easily be made In
which men and stores can be placed. As soon
as Cronje reached this spot they speeded the
defensive preparations. Stores having been put
away, each man would dig a shelter trench,
and If it had not been for these trenches the
men must all have been quickly annihilated
by our artillery fire. Each shelter trench not
only goes down, but has a part scooped out at
the side -In which a man can He In safety
while lyddite and shrapnel are pouring on the
earth above him. Unless a shell actually falls
In a trench It does the man no damage. *"¦ ' ¦
In these trenches the Boers He, a few men
being placed aa sentries above. The moment
the sentry gives the alarm up the men spring
and pour a -rifle flre on any storming party.
SOME OF THE CARGO
MAY BE RESEIZED
LONDON, Feb. 26.— The reports that
Lord Salisbury had closed the Sabine In
cident by a frank expression of regret to
the United States Embassador with a
promise that more caution would be dla
played in stopping American, vessels In
the future and that he had handed Mr.
Cboate formal papers on the subject are
vigorously denied at the Foreign Office
and at the United States Embassy.
LONG SHOT EARNS BRACKETS.
Duchess of York Wins at 100 to 1 at
New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 26.— Sir Christo
pher and Koenlg were the winning favor
ites to-day. Nekarnis came to life in the
fifth race and the stable of Dunn & Davis,
his owners, was suspended pending Inves
tigation. The sensation of the day was
the win of Duchess of York at 100 to 1 in
the last race. The track was fast. Re
sults:
Selling, seven furlongs— Miss Bede won,
Right Bower second, Ben Chance third. Time,
Six furlongs— Sir Christopher won. Cherry
Head second, Acushla third. Time. 1:15. - -
Selling, mile and a sixteenth— Koenlg won.
Loyalty second, King; Elkwood third. Time.
IUOVi.
Handicap, mile and a Quarter— Strangest won.
Donna Rita second, Barataria third. Time. 2:08.
Selling, one mile— Nekarnis won. Agitator
second. Racebud third. Time, 1:41.
Six and a half furlongs— Duchess of Tork won.
Falarm second, Banker Green third. Time,
1:22*- • .
SHARKEY-FITZSIMMONS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— Tom Sharkey
announced to-day that ; he would - cover
"Bob" Fitzsimmons* forfeit of $5000 on
Monday. Sharkey's manager would like
to have the. contest decided at Coney
Island, but If any other club offers more
money for the battle than the Seaside
organization he will gladly accept Its bid.
Ryan to Fight Boot.
HOT. SPRINGS.. Ark., Feb. 26.— Tommy
Ryan deposited $1000 with . ; Leo Mayer,
stakeholder, .as the first deposit of his
wager of $5000 to Dan Stuart's $3500 that
Jack Root cannot defeat him in a glove
contest. Stuart also gave Mayer $1000.
The fight will be for the. middle
weight championship and George Slier
will. ba accepted as referee. •
Victory for Miners.
VISALIA. Feb. 26.— The Vlsalia Land
Office ! received the following orders from
Washington to-day:- "Suspend from dis
position until further orders all lands in
townships 25 and 26 south, ranges 17 and
18 east: township 27 south, ranges 18 and
19 east; township 28 south, range 19 east;
townships 29 and 30 south, ranges 21 and
22 east. This is considered a victory for
mineral locators in Tulare. . Kings and
Kern counties.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY .27, 1900.
Y. W. C. A. HOLDS ITS
ANNUAL ELECTIOM
OAKLAND. Feb. 26.— At the annual
meeting of the Young "Women's Christian
Association the following directors wen*
elected: Mrs. P. D. Browne. Mrs. Martha
Gregory, Mrs. D. W. C. Oaskell, Mrs. E.
"Wolfenden. Mrs. TV*. 11. H. Graves.. Mr?.
J. P. Ames, Mrs. Chamberlain. Mrs. J. M.
Hlnkle. Mrs. Ree3 B. Thompson. Mrs. W.
Frisbie Lewis and Miss (.'. J. Dacon.
The folowing officers were selerfed: Mr?.
P. D. Browne, president; Mrs. Kllzn Wol
fenden. recording secrct.iry; Mrs. ltees JI.
Thompson, treasurer; Mrs. A. li. Dow.
rorrespondlns secretary; Mra. William
Kirk, first vice president.
The report of the secretary showed in
creased activity in all Hnca of work dur
ing the year. The employment committ<»<»
reported that employment had been found
for 208 women and it was shown that th*
aggregate attendance of girls at the sew
ing school and kitchen garden for the
year was S23i ¦'•"•
fcv/ J!w CATHARTIC
T^^^ TRAOt MA»K BIOIST-RtD
For Wireless Steering.
An English Invention for sfertna; any rraft.
whether submerged nr otherwls'*. by means of
an ether wave on th* wireless flesmDh prin
ciple has been perfected. In naval war It i\
expected to make the torpedo boat almnst Infal
lible. In this respect it will nival th» great
American dyspepsia cure — Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters — which never falls to cur-» con.«ttr>atir>n.
Indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, malaria. f»
ver and ague. Every one nee-i< It and all
druggists sell It.
t Don't fall to try . t
I BEEOWS P3IIS I
+ when suffering from any bad *«•
j* condition of tha Stomach j
T cr Liver. T
4. lO<-f nf» sniJ 3.1 ronJ». »t drns it«r#».
|¥ISHY IS HEALTHFUL! I
? gg A Natural Minsral Water
O f^l *> l h medicinal quaTltlaa. O
o. - • /«& rr ° r aad °
? Stomach Disordars. o
So " caned VICHY I
? Plllls IN SIPHONS I
|^Pff¥lCHY|
*>irap!ii Get tho Genuine %
o A. VICNIER. Distributing Agent*
? ©?©?O*O*O-*O-»O*'O*O~O^Q<»>Q*O»
Jti§|§ Weak
Matt
There Is nothing like ELECTRICITY to put
life, vim and visor Into weak men or women.
Drugs b' VB b ut temporary relief; act merely a*
a stimulant, but Electricity flies to all weak
parts of the body. Imparting nature's force
thereto and doing the required work surely ana
In a permanent manner. If "run down" lr»
health and strength you had better try Elec-
tricity. U*e an Electric Belt, for that Is th*
best method of applying it: but be sure you get
a good one while- you are about It: In short, try
"Dr. Pierces ." for it is guaranteed to be. ths
bent Electric Belt on earth.
JCr"Booklet No. 2" free at offlcw or sent hT
mail for a2c stamp, tells all about it. Addr?**
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
CO Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
ES Trlbun« Bulldlnc. NEW TORK.
ity "\ itli.VwwiM TH*ea*e»— 'r'ailinsr Mam-
p-/ -% *1 orj. Ble*plei«aeN>. ate. catrod by o»»r
Jy J\J work and Indtacrstioos. Thru tfuiekiv
C t&tjS tm*i Murely rwnoro Lost Vitality ia o! J
) % ¦"/ or jouns. aad fib a rasa fcr gt.u<t7. b-.»i-
,jf- V*%. o«ta or plaa«ar«. Provant Ir.wi;:; set
fSw^adl^'Con^amption it takmi ia tims. TW-
ow sho»t immediate improvamsnt and effacta CUlU"
what* all others fail, lnaist npon havißrf the can Tin*
AJax Tablets. They har» cured thoohoada ami will
ear* joa. W« sri»n a positive written guaraatea i-» «t-
faet a car* in each eve or refund ths money. Pric*
Cfl ««• tmr packags or «ix package* liulJ traat-
VUwls» mectj for 53. 50 by mail, in plain irrsp^er.
opon receipt ofprica. Circular* t re*.
AJAX REMEDY CO., 7 U^*7,,«-
For ami a In B. 5". by Z*!pnlts * Co.. No V*t-
ttatur Drug Co., Owl Dm Co.. 8. F-. Oa.tr l.
•
n • w i /"»|-i Located on Market ?
PA I ALp street. in clo3e '*
1 l\sJt\ Vli proximity to busl- I
IV n ness section, places ?
Alt Is °f amusement an-i J
depots; 1100 rooms,. :I
(IT) A Mil 90 ° wlth baths at- ?
\il\iil^i/ tached - The largest t
and finest hotels in *
14 AT C I C the world - Amert- J
nil I cLjean and European *
** v x ¦"*'*^plah. *
DR.HALI/S RELNYIGORAIORfgiIg
Five hundred reward fcr any i*-^}Y!?^"
case we cannot cure. This secret fir*** **"¥«
remedy stops all losses In it J, . -__E;
hours, cures Emissions. Inrpo- »*» JK£i
tency. Vartcocele. Gonorrhoea. \{\P ¦ \lt\\\
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost gm IsMi
Manhood and all -wasting effects J'"?.. JiKj
ot self-abuse or excesses. !->nt *• —
sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles t $5: jriarant»«*d tr>
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Al.w
for sala at 1073'j Market st.. S. F. All prtvat*
diseases quickly cured. Send for free- book.
9CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore Bt.
ALASKA— HaIf Interest In 8 claims; rood pros-
pect" ; Forty Mile district; American terrt-
. Tor y ; . will take In partner. • 143 Third st. -
WANTED— First-class barber. Apply 947 Fill
more bt. - . • .•.-....•..,
WANTED— A boy between the ages of 15 and
17 to work In dental office.- < 9fi9 Mission -St.,
corner of Sixth; New York , Dental Parlors.
BARBERS — Good paying shop; a bargain to-
day. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— Bteady. man. satisfied with $15 to
SIS per week, to assist In > light work; small
capital required. ' - 1016 • Market st. . room ¦ 10.
GIRL for ceneral housework In small family.
1281 O'Farrell Bt.- .. :",. . -.
WANTED— Experienced cook; references- re-
quired. Apply between 10 and 12 a. m. at 1453
Frnnklln et. H_HH(BB— ¦¦_¦___&_¦
WANTED— Apprentice on custom pants; one
who can sew preferred. 164 Russ St.. between
Sixth and Seventh. ¦
NICE, reliable girl wanted to do housework.
MRS. J. PETERS. 1142 Golden Gate aye.; call
between 9 and 12 a. m.
AN improver on skirts. Apply at 1281 O'Farrell
street.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
NICE »unny corner suite; occupied last 10
years by doctor; modern improvements n««
Sutter st. /«___¦_____
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City of
Parts. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
offices and stores.
LO^ T m,? 5t ? 0: P' ent J" o* Huht; power available"
S&> Mission St.. opp. Wells. Fargo Express
no— larrk i^m _-^ * rrrr~ r-
' S«W« for'taundST 23J7 STsslonTc :
G^r!X c^a b n^°a^arTe?r, b _r «_"»
J2 ?oo_i^p t V^ n/{rn^3.*__n /{rn^3.*__ iST
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayea at.
WANTED— Four good squ&re pianos at Byroa
Mauzy*s piano warerocms. 308 Post st.
SELL for storage— 2 uprights. $75; very fln«
Steinway. $123. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
W. G. BADIER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright; sacrificed
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheats
HORNUNGS. 216 McAllister st. *"
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. U
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
SUPERiOit violins. xlth»-i old and new H'
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
EXPERIENCED operators .on ladles', waists
and children's wear: electric power: steady
work; good pay.' MARKS BROS.. 1212 Markt.
WANTED— GirI to work in bakery and assist
with children. 2808, Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Upstairs girl and waiting at table
wages $15; references required. 1220 Ellis st.
GIRL for housework and waiting at table;
German preferred. 2217 Sacramento at.
A GIRL for general housekeeping. 2SII Bu-
chanan st. - i
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
Warerooms. 1813 Market St.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 321 Post st.
NO. 1 PROTESTANT cook and hoisekeeper for
Institution or • hotel, : city or crtintry;. best of
references. Apply 921 Howard st.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants a situation as
cook for men In the country;- no objection, to
logging or mining camp. Call or uUdress 517
Ninth St., Oakland.
GERMAN woman wants a few da.va' washing
and Ironing; $1 a day and carfax- Address
8.. 1941 Mission at. .
WOMAN wants work by the day; Bleep home.
Call for two day*, 48 Seventh St., room 10. !
A POSITION of trust and responsibility Is de-
slred by a -neat young lady who Is competent
to assume full charge of business ttftce, . in-
cluding bookkeeping. stenography, type-
writing: salary nominal; references.: Address
box 4274. Call.
GOOD housekeeper wishes to take charge-
country: San Jose, Los Angeles or Santa
Barbara preferred. Call- from 2:30 to '4:30 at
room 3, O'Farrell. st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer wishes desk room
and small salary, with privilege of outside
work. Address box 4156. : Call.
REFINED German. Is a good cook, would like
position as housekeeper. , Address 328H Tenth.
LADY wishes sewing and mending at home.
150 Fourth st. room 7.-
RESPECTABLE, honest woman wants light
housework, office cleaning, scrubbing, or
chamber work. Address or. call 842 Alabama
MAN and wife want situations ¦as cook and
laundress for hotel or summer resort. 515
Ash aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
GOOD square. $50; upright. $150; great bar-
galns at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market -t.
THE best music box In the world Is the Olyra-
pia: sold on Installments or for cash at
.MAUVAIS'. 7K> Market St. SVwi
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of CiUcago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
60 SLIGHTLY used high and medium grade
pianos: special discounts for cash; open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 138 Ellis %t.
FINE Cabinet Grand upright; $150: sold on ac-
count of departure from, the city. Room 10
Flood building.
AT C.-R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
.„ HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Baker and pastry cook, country hotel. $60;
waffleman, hotel. $35 to $40; lunch man. $50;
third hand on bread country shop. $25; 6
dishwashers and kltchenmen, city and coun-
try. $30, $25 anrl $20; dishwasher, springs, $20.
2 waiters, country club, $35;, 2 neat young
men to carry off dishes In hotel dining room,
$25: 2 omnibuses, $25: 3 restaurant waiters, $45;
2 waiters, country hotels, $27 f.O and $25.
MISCELLANEOUS.
50 coal miners, 4 quartz. miners, $2 50 a day;
top Jobbing man for mine, $1 75 a day; milker,
'San Mateo County, $25; hostler, private stable,
$30; 20 woodchoppers. C.-R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. . .. .
WANTED— Blacksmith for a dredger. $40 and
board, good steady job; Scandinavian sailor
to work on dredger, $40 and board : also farm
hands milkers, cooks, waiters, dishwashers
and others. W. D. EWER _ CO., 610 Clay.
WANTED— Two tally men for mill, $35 and
found; pondman: lumber sorters anil pliers.
$2C and board; woodsmen, $1 25 to $2 day; 10
wood choppers. SOc, Jl and $2 75 cord; shingle
bolt makers. $1 60 cord : tie makers. 12c. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Scandinavian driver for milk
wagon, $30 and board; farmer for Institution.
$25 and found; milkers for 'Marln,' Del Norte
and Mendoclno counties. $25, $27 50 and $30;
cooks, waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT.
628 Sacramento st.
____________
FIRST-CLASS SALESMEN.
GENTLEMEN AND LADIES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO..
146 Ninth st.. 521' Montgomery aye.,
861 Market St.. 355 Hayes St.. -
210 and 212 Grant aye., 218 Third st..
706 Larkln St.. 2008 Flllmore St..
1S1& Devisadero St.. 3006 . Sixteenth at..
475 Haight at., 2516 Mission St.. •
140 Sixth Bt.. 3255 Mission St..
1419 Polk st.'.' 127321 2732 Twenty- fourth Bt,
BARBERS' Protective ¦'¦ Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. ¦ J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy, 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
TWO pressers wanted on . gents' clothing;
steady work. Golden West Clothing Renovat-
ing, 12 Montgomery , i'l i iWil'|i7lMlii -JfcliHfMliiW
WANTED— Young man. 18 to 25. to tend horse,
cow, garden, chores. In Golden Gate; 'wages
$10 and found. Call 4 o'clock. 435 Parrott big.
WANTED— In a leading fire Insurance office,
a young man who writes extra well (vertical
hand preferred), and who uses the Remington
typewriter and Is fairly good at stenography;
wages to commence with $10 per month. Ad-
dress in own handwriting and also in type,
P. O. box 2664, San Francisco. •
WANTED— Errand boy,. about 15;. $3 per week.
211 Sutter St., room 4.' < .
YOUNG girl would like situation general house-
work; wages $15. 998 Sanchez; tel. Blue 1257.
A MIDDLE- AGED. woman wants a position to
do cooking or would do general housework In
a very small family; no objection to country;
wages from $20 to $25. 228 Minna St.
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes position at gen-
eral housework. Apply for 2 days, 271 Clem-
entina St., off Fourth.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework In
city; family of 2 or 3; wages $10 to $12. Call
from 10 to 6 p. m., 1704 Harrison st. >• :
DRESSMAKER who uses French tailor system
would like engagements at 76c per day. Ad-
dress box 4359. Call.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER - CHASE. 30 OTarrell st.
SWEDISH girl with good references wishes a
' situation as cook or general housework In
Email family; wages $25 to $30. Call 4418
Twenty-third «t.
FHEET MUSIC
Half Prlco to AH
At
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
Corner Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Largest Stock in the Entire West.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
TWO German cooks, $30 to $35; cook for Menlo
Park, $30: cook for mines, $35; housework,
Coif ax, $30; Berkeley, $25; Oakland, $25: So-
noma. $2C: San Mateo, $30; 6 second girls, $25
and $20; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, $20
and $15, city and country; French second
girl. $25; restaurant waitress, $5 per week;
cook for men, $15; housekeeper, city, $15;
country, -$10; gentleman and 3 children, fare
here; 20 housework girls, . city and country,
$30, $25, $20; 10 young girls to assist, $12 to $15.
MISS 1 CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CTrT HANSEN & CO.. ....PHONE GRANT 185
....HOTEL DEPARTMENT
•2 waitresses. Coronado Beach, special rates;
waitresses, Fresno. Visalla, Watsonville, Men-
terey. Salinas; 1 waitress. Springs. $20 each;
4 waitresses, city. $20; 2, chambermaids to
wait. $20; 4 chambermaids. $15. $18 and $20;
laundress, plain work, for city hotel, $25;
clerk, candy store, $7. ,
FAMILY-ORDERS
2 second girls. • country, $25, $20: 15 girls,
country, for cooking and housework. $25, $15;
colored cook for club, $20; coiored cook, coun-
try, $25; 25 cooks and house girls, city, $30, $15.
$15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
TWO flrst-class chambermaids to wait, dinner,
for city hotel: $20; no office fee. C. R. HAN-
BE N____^C_ : __lo________st : __ ¦¦
WANTED— Every girl of all nationalities look-
ing for situations to call and select a place
from our list; cooks, .waitresses, laundresses,
lroners, nurses, etc. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
816 Sutter st. ' ' ' ,
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and $25.
see party 11 o'clock: cook, country, $35; house
girl. Oakland; $25; Alameda. $25; boarding-
house cook. $25: woman to cook 8 men, $25;
waitress, Lck Gntos, $20; house girl; 2 In fam-
ily, $30; second girl. $20; nurse girl, $15. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Butter Bt. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework. Col-
linsville, $20, fare paid; housework, city, $30.
! 2 In family. MISS H. CULLINAN. »23 Sutter.
GIRL to assist in housework. 1521 Webster St..
near Post. .
LOANS ON PERSONAL PROPERTY.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
FIRST-CLASS nurseglrl, good seamstress, can
take full charge; also Swedish housegirl, one
year last place. Addrees or telephone MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter at.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
MONEY WANTED.
CAN give good security for loan of $2000. Box
2714. Call office. Oakland.
HARPER — BROTHERB' subscription works
have never been pushed here; uplendld oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; «nUr« line. J. N.
ODELL. 206 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED— AGENTS.
WANTED. TO-DAY
Ship To-morrow
A gang of railroad teamsters for Coast Road.
Santa Barbara County :
Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN &.Co., 104 Geary st
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation; good cook and houseworker; refer-
ences. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation,
best -city references, city or. country: also a
flrst-class Swedish cook, desires a situation,
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter Bt.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse deslree situation;
best city references; city . or country. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
HOUSCS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1925. bet. Laguna and Buchanan
— Elegant house of 12 rooms, bath, servant's
room, etc; newly renovated. For further par-
ticulars apply O. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14
Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK - CO.. 667 Market St.
1558 Fell; 7 rm5....527 60 242S Geary: « rmi.slB 00
2039 Howard; 9 r.. 27 50 4248 26th; 5 rooms. 13 bO
HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; S2IV. Dolores st.,
bet Twenty-first and Twenty-second; $16. In-
quire on premises.
GOOD five-room house, for $3; healthy location.
1555 Kearney st.
METCALF place, IS. off Geary St.. bet. Mason
and Taylor: — Sunny house: five rooms: bath.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture C 0.., 1127-1131 Market.
PRrVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 3 per
cent, no removal; no commission. R. 81. • EdJy.
HOUSES LODGING To Let.
BUCHANAN, 1911— Handsome sunny house; t
rooms; Just renovated: rent $40.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory blc!g.. 130 Powell Bt.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 2J Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable private,
place to borrow on watches diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
ES and 69. Dcnohoe building. 117 i Market st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. SO Geary St., established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI. 421 Post Bt. ; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CIVIL service coaching: day. evening. San
Francisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin. KUtta'r. Prof.Merkl. success-
ful teacher. 1008 Mission :best methods. results.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
CLASSES In German.- French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languaces. Miss M. G. Barrett. 802 Montgy.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS— SEE THEM.
80 rooms: new furniture $55C0
8-room new flat 500
26-room house; clears $100 550
110-room corner house 4&»
62 rooms: fine corner: clears $250 1800
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $123.... 900
7-room house; only 150
24 rooms; easy payments 800
82. rooms; comer: only 1200
Id rooms on O'Farrell st 32$
10 rooms on Taylor st. ; worth $SOO.. 450
32 rooms: corner; clears $15* 1600
Corner on Market: clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4800
Mod. house; elev.; clears $500; 84 rooms... 6300
Tel. John 6_ H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
$200—11 ROOMS; near Market st.; all rented;
must sell. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
30-ROOM lodging house in Stockton for sale.
Address S. M. PARSONS. 126 Ellis st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
PIANO lessons BOc at pupil's home; references.
Box 4346, Call.
GIRL for cooking and housework. 28 Columbia
Square, between Sixth and Seventh. Folsom
and Harrison. .
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse a-irl for boy 3 years old; must do sew-
ing. 997 Golden Gate aye.
, •¦:. EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO MAYERLE, German expert optician.
107 m Market st.: examination free; German
eyewßter by mall. BOc. Phone. Mint. 257.
3IISCELLAAEOLS WA.\TS.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano ¦ for
caah. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
WANTED— A camera In good condition. Ad-
dress box 4223. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
32T Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
EDUCATIONAL.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
IJCSTK__S OFFICE of the San FTanclsco
r«:i. corner of Market end Third streets, open
«:rt!l 12 o'rlock every night In the year.
ItIIANCH OFFICES— I 2: Montgomery street.
«v-r::?r Clay; open until S:3O p. m.
100 Hcye* street; cpen until 9:80 p. ta.
.'-• McAllister ctreet : opes until S:S« p. m.
CIS Larkln etrert; open until 5:30 p. m.
ISO Mission rtre«t; or#n until 19 p. m.
r:ei. Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
Dntfl t p. tn.
• JOG Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
JfS€ Vaien. 'a rtrcet: open until 9 p. m.
323 Potk *tn=ot; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
f>cky streets: open until 9 p. ro.
MEETING NOTICES.
CAUrORNIA Charter No. 5, R. A. M.. «
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) BVBN-^*^
ING, Feb. i 7, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. TE3T
decree. Uy order of the H. P. /~r
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. m
M-— Mating THIS (TUESDAY) m £\ M
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 3 D. >S_K
GEO. J. HOI3E. Secretary. *>y '
PACIFIC Lcdee No. 13C. F. and A. M-. B
in Eddy 5t.. meets THIS EVENING. __#%_
• _t 7:15 o'clock. 3 D. }V_R
¦ GEOiiGE PKNLINGTON. Sec. /
ORIENTAL Isvlst! No. 144. F. and A. ¦
M— X. C. decree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING. &t 7:3fi o'clock. 7i_*\
A. £. HUBHARD. Sec. /V >
ICAG2COU- Lo_f« No. !N. 1. O. O. -y_r*_£''
F.— lnitiations THIS (TUESDAY) -§f^ "^k
. EVENING. Members cf Ildse -^.7,,'fe=_-'
. and crder »lea*e attend. ' "<'l^
J. ERIKSOK. N. G.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
C_X_BDRXY_~UI -r:d br'.dgemen— Nctlc*.— A spe-
cial rr.o<>Ur._r is called for WEDNESDAT
EVENING. Feb. 2*. at Sailors' Union Hall,
cor. East and Mission sts.; business of vital
!mi»,irt_nce to the union: no excure; every
member Is expected to attend. By order.
N. 11. BUItNHAM. Pres.
J. V. BHCK. Soc. :
THE California P^bris Commißsicn having re- ;
c»-;vp-i anplicaticrs in tnlne by the hydraulic ;
proc-*s from A. 13. Jacks in the Badger Hill I
mine, near £r_nlfh Ranch. Plumas County. \
to deposit taiftnps in Whitlock ravine; from <
Manuel Leal. In the Unicn mine, in New
York To-wsshir. Yuha County, to deposit
• ¦ .:¦ :-f on Nt-w York ?._*.: from Walter E.
Petersnn. :n the Manila Placer mine, near
Igo, Shas-ta County, to deposit tallines in a
w orked-out pit. and from the Cherokee
travel and Gold Mining Company. In the
Cherokee cra\el rr.lr.», near Carters, Tuo-
Jutr.rje County, to deposit tal'.'.ncs in Bear
' Creek, "rives notice .hut a meeting will be
h-M at room f». Fl&od bu'.:S!r.g. Sar. Fran-
Hsw. Cn.l.. on V- — h S, lWn. »t 1:30 p. m.
ASTIIOLOGY.
riiOF. A MASEIIY of Ej-rpt. jrreatest astrolo-
dft and palirlst in the world: satisfaction
gr:arer.r»«(i.. 437 Oclden Gate aye. -
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private:
no fee without Fucceys; collections. G. W.
HOWE, etty st law, SJO Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE fr^e: ro charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, !2T Market tt,, opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
e-umed practice at of! 3 Cal. St.. Clunie bldg.
I. S. CLARK. Err.— .a Fpreckeis b!dg.. ?I7 Mar-
ket Ft.: crnvultatlcn free: no fees in advance, j
Hoarding ron children.
RESPECTABLE German woman would take
child to board reasonable. Call 3012 Sixteenth.
WOMAN \vo_ld like child to board. 114 Guer-
rerr, st.
WANTED-rl or 2 children to board In German j
f&rr.ily; best care. 429 Minna tt. .
BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS boucht and exchanged.
H^lrnf TV»~k Co.. T« M*«rl"n «t.. near Third.
XiOOT AND SHOE IJAHGAINS.
CHILDREN'S shoes, r.eat and good. 6peclaL.6oc
Ladies' lace cr button shoes, special $100
tv pair men's shoes, all eizes. special $1 15
Pf-cple'h Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Br*dWy.
bVsinless chances.
A— MiO; -SALOON. Kearr.y et.. close to Preecott
House; splendid paying place; low rent; owner
leaves for. Nome. R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A— S^O; COKNER crocc-ry and bar; living
room- rent $15; very best location on Twenty-
necond Et.: Etock will Invoice $700; rare bar-
iraln. Call It. G. WILKE. 906 Market st..
room 8.
A JICOO GROCERY store: in best location In the
ilisticr.; 3 Hvi_s rooms; bath; rent $20; a
rare chance ' for rood paying business. Call
R. O. WILKE. room 8. i>o6 Market Et.
A-s:m- RESTAURANT and chop house on
Etackton tt. ; estab!. many years and clearing
abev.. ::»C per rncnth. Call room 8. »06 Mar-
ket ft. R. G. WILKE.
A— tt^O; DELICACY and dairy business, kept
by prestr.t owner for S years; a splendid busl-
• r.^ss; offer; place clearing about $90 per mo.
KM Market n.. room S. P.. G. WILKE.
A— $:»0u; fALOON: choice location on Kearny
tt.; spleaciid busir.ess offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. Roc— i t, aOfi Market st.
A SALOON on »vater Irctii, with 4 years' lease;
fine Jixtures; large Etock; rubhlng business;
. nt> better location on Ka.st st. ; splendid
cfcs.r.ce. R. G. WILKE. !»06 Market -t.
A— s3ooo— SJ ROOM hotel wtt_ first-class paying
saiorn: close to the ferries depot on the wa-
ter !rcct: house always crowded and known
'en both sides cf the Pacific. Call R. G.
W2LKE. S»O6 Market St.. room 8.
BAKGAIN for buying or filing saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
• Jourr al, C3S 1 * California Bt.. room L
|4-'jO— EALOON with 3 living rooms; fine trade.
Call at Liquor .Dealer- Jcurnal, 539^4 Cali-
fornia st.. room 1.
FUKST-CLASS Ealoon, on K»arr.y st. ; mint for
right party; cheap: see Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal. -2SV* California Et., room i.
J4WV— FIRST-CLASS saloon, best part of town,
cheap rent, long lease, stands investigation;
worth fTOO). Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal,
:.C<-' T California st... room 1.
BARGAIN — Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Ix-aJers' Journal. E3S>H California «_. room 1.
$i5fi— DAY saloon, downtown, between the
wholpsaie hous>-e; dolr.g good business; a bar-
rain if sold at once. M. LESS. 765 Market Et.
JSOO— ILESTAX'RANT; established for 20 years;
KBaranteed to clear tlZl a month; owner going
out of business. M. LESS. 7C5 Market et.
POI^-tVOOD and coal yard in the Mission; horse j
ar.d wagon; rer.t only $10 per month; old es-
tabMsbed. M. LESS. 70S Market Bt.
JIXiO— CORNER groot-rj' and bar; north of Mar-
k«t; wel! v.-orth tl£/K); alcknffis cause of Bale;
a barcain. M. LESS. 765 Market ft.
A. FTEN-BERG CO 533 MARKET ST.
..; UP-TO-DATE BROKERS
Telephone Folsnm 1343
Have cash boyera on hand rea<iy to Invest.
therefore iist your busin^sFes with us
...None but les:t!rt_.te rroi-oeitions wanted...
TO BUYERS
Before buying please call nn us and
Investigate our propositions
ALSO
MONEY TO LOAN MONEY TO LOAN
on ail kln3s of fiii— iture and fixtures
H!ffhe«t cash price paid
fT general mf-rchanilse and llqucrs
FTENBERG TO.. i'JU Market it.
A FINE corner saloon iear Market Bt $700
A 120-room hotel, with bar $5500
A pood paying butcher chop: bargain $500
A fine grocery: doing J2OOO p*r month $3">00
A. rood OMrteg rooming hovw; cheap $300
Beveral other houses from KM to $5000
*-. A fine b— leery: good location; cheap $400
"Candy _nd fruit el ores; all price; bargain*.
f** MITCHELL & ADAMS. 506 Market st.
OOOD payirir 15c barber chop: laundry office;
I-,;«rpain. Mitchell & Adams, 906 Market *t.
I'OR barcalns la naloons. groceries and bars,
cigar stores, restaurants, oyster houses,
branch bakeries, lodging houses, 10 to 100
rocn-.s. tee J. H. CHISEL & CO.. 7* Third Bt.
A— 12500- HALF Interest in flrst-class Balocn on
Market St.; average monthly receipt* ' $2000;
low r-*r.t and small expenses; only reason for
celling, owner needs an honest OBcistant; first-
<~::u=s bufinrss proposition : fullest lnvextlga-
til.n solicited; if buyer not satisned money re-
funded; knowledge of business not necessary:
a-cfcrchces exchanged. Address box 1360, Call.
%'JS WILL buy complete outfit for making Dia-
I.Jußr.le plasms Figns.. Isntems, etc.; no experi-
ence necessarj'; no competition. H. M., box
iZCi. < a!l ol?.ce.
FOB sale— Bar and grocry store, with 2 sunny
rooms: rent. $£; leaving the city cause of sc!l-
:¦ lr.g. 243 Shipley. st.
FOH Bale— Good paying restaurant near the
water front: rent paid till March 10. Inquire
at 12 Washington tt.
Foil E£l»— One of the best corner saloons In the
city. • Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN _ CO.,
¦ 2ISClay Et.
WANTED— Live man with -mall capital to take
.interest in manufacturing business. Box 43(1.
Call.
SALOON, with 3 living rooms: must' be sold at
once; owner Koinir away. Inquire CO Seventh.
X'Olt Balf— Kin* downtown route on The Call; in
business section of the city. 1121 Filbert Bt.
S7s— FIRST-CLASS repair shop, machine, chocs
and lasts; worth $200. 2106 Flllmore et., near
!o_llfornla; leaving city. - ?',«,• .
GROCERY store In Western Addition. <• Apply
W. ». CAEEY. SOU Sacramento.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
ALL KINDS OF BARGAINS— BEE THEM
Oyrter house; clears $300 I** s *
Cigar store, $1200; cigar, store 600
Produce, butter and «"g~ *«
Hotel and bar, $4000; hotel and bar 1500
Meat market: clearing $250 12W
Fruit- and grocery -store ••• *£
Saloon: fine location ,™
Grocery and bar, $S00; grocery and bar., lpoo
Grocery and bar, $200; grocery and bar.... 200
Stationery and book store \-;'
Branch bakery. $150; branch bakery 600
Stationery and notions '. *~
Brass foundry: clears $303 ;"."•;• ?il
Cool, wood and feed. $5000: coal and feed. B0«
Candy store. $500; candy -tore «•*
Drug store In good country town *«"
Blacksmith shop- •'•••it »Sa
Teaming business; clears
200 PLACES THAT I DO NOT SE -
Tel. John 6L ' H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market st.. QPP- Fifth.
ATTENTION. SELLERS! v _ '
List whatever you have for sal*
with me. 1 can sell for ca-h.
I will advertise it free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with caah.
I sell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces. ____
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
PARTNER wanted with email capital In man-
ufacturing business **P?W?J* h i xZ***^
ment. Arply to J. E. SLINKEY & CO.. 8..
Market st. ; entrance 1 Fifth.
Jl7OO CASH— Corner grocery and bar; good lo-
cation and stock; 2 blocks from Market St.;
no agents wanted. 1713 V. Mission st.
I $30— BRANCH bakery, candy and milk dspot.
Inquire Call office.
SMALL bakery with everything complete for
business; old stand; fine place; rood baker.
Box 4£9. Call office.
A SALOON for sale cheap: located In th«
Potrero. Apply on premises. 1643 Kentucky.
LAW ofTce for sale; 200 books; furniture;
clients; $350. 73 Murphy building.
A CORNER grocery and fruit store; rooms;
j rent 310. 1130 Market st.
I NO. 1 butcher business, $1400; fixtures, horses,
and watons cost $2000; bargain. Apply
Butcher. 378 Shotwell St.
i NEW bakery or laundry; 3-can milk wagon; 2-
1 seated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
na.or.B. 22 Cortland aye.
A PARTY wanted with small amount of money
to take Interest as one of the promoters of a
company now forming to develop a ' large
Industry that Is safe, sure and very profitable:
this Is no mining or oil scheme. Box 4335,
Call. _________
TO LET— Cafe privilege at Lurltne Baths, Bush
and Larkin sts. Apply on premises.
FOR sale— Old-established restaurant; good
business; cheap; sickness. Box 4268, Call.-
CANDY store and factory wanted: principals
only; must be In city. Box 4266. Call office.
MARTIN ARONSOHN. Notary Public— Office
with A. M. Soeck _ Co.. real estate. 667 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Third; telephone Main 5998; resi-
dence 2303 Geary «t.
ROUTF, of M 4 papers on this paper for kale.
Box €. Oakland Poetofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes -supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has teen established at 10S6 Va-
lencla tt.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement* and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk tt.: cpen till » p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND~~AVAGONIb\
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 150
Fets of harness will be sold at half cost, aa
the business must be closed. 1140 Folsom St..
near Eighth. ______
EXPRESS wagon: single or double; cheap. 1113
Mission st., coal yard.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. wk A driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama »t.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Bth St.: tel. South 250.
J. Mc<3UEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4E3 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 22* ; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth ft.; tel. Jessie $44.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
tt.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatlnc works. 33S Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 128.
gp_- Rl '^-_rj___g--_— ¦ — — ~~~
j^rrSsriosi
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Has removed her offices to her residence. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland. Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradla
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all ekln diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole Blope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
Bands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence Is kept sacredly conflden-
1 Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee. $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, 10W Ser-
enth aye.. East Oakland.
Take the broed-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station. 2d station from Broadway.
claihTvoyants and srj}}}™*}' I**l^1 ** 1^
_!RT^*T~T^vmTNEYrilo4 Market; trance,
test, business medium; life reader: also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular: slttingssl,
DIVSMORE. celebrated clairvoyant, will hold
prand clairvoyant test seance Tues. and Fri.
evjrs. at 7:30; private sittings dally. 218 Eddy.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25e up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth, 2, 8
p. m., 14 McAllister, room 35; admission 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night: articles
read 10e; business readings daily. 136 Sixth.
MRS. MARY EVANS' circle to-day. 2 and 8
p. m. ; 10c; readings dally. Wed, eve. 142 6th.
CIRCLE to-night 8 prompt, 25c. C. MAYO-
STEERS. 112'^ Oak st. ; teL Howard £27.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
6^5 McAllister; 10c. Come skeptics.
V. HARRIS will hold a test circle this after-
noon at 2; also Friday. 124 A Eleventh st.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie seance to-day,
12 o'clock: COc. 409 Leaves worth 6t.
ARNOLD. DICKSON give everybody tests to-
night. 10c; sittings. 25c. 60c. 148 Sixth, room 1.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mkt.. bet. 10th & 11th;
dr. Tues. 8 p. m., Thur. 2 p. m., 25c: sit dally.
HEALING and develop'g medium; satisfaction;
readings 25c and SOc this week. .$42 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, cl-trvoyant. card reader;
(sittings dally. 212 Vt Sixth Bt.
MHE. ZEHEDA of 6 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
330 Ellis ft.; circle Eun. and Wed. evenings.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 844 Howard
St.. 10 a m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. EBERHARDT. spiritual teet meeting. 7:30
p. m , 10c. 3250 22 J. bet. Mission and Valencia.
MUS.^ ELLlS— Teets to all; circle Tues., Frl.. 2
p. m.: Mon.. B;. 2Sc: sittings $L 233 Valencia.
MME. AUGUST.- clairvoyant, card Yeader and
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell .t.
~ COTTAGES TO , LET. ~~~~
6-ROOM decant cottage; modern; bath and
baggage room; rent reasonable; quiet; refer-
inci-s. £17 Seventeenth St.. Oakland.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; furnished: rent reason-
able; quiet; references. - 815 Seventeenth st..
Oakland. ¦
TEHAMA. 9— Cottage. 6 sunny rooms; yard,
etc.; business location ; rent cheap.
3-ROOM cottage: large yard; -rent $8. 4063
Twenty-sixth st., bet. Noe and Sancher.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage: 4 rooms; water
free. 10S Collins at., near Geary.
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rose st.,
between Gough and Octavla; 1 blk from Mkt.
«-ROOM ccttage; 23H Morris aye., bet. : Harrl-
coa and Bryant, nr. 6th; key next door. N0. 23.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BKNTHAM. 1533 Market st.
BECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 515 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' . Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 805 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 887 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDlON. pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor -fc Moffat.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 2Cc night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CI.A6SIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore.
GIRL 13 to 16 years, assist in light housework;
$6. 2005 Pine Bt. : call mornings.
WANTED— A girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde nt. - ¦ V
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
AN experienced woolen etock and sample man
would like situation with flrst-class house;
good examiner and hard worker. Address box
4290. Call.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and roedloine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 638.
SMALL, active elderly man would like situa-
tion as cook; olty or country. Address J.
HENDERSON, 629 Clay st.
GIRLS WANTED.
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEV!
STRAUSS _ CO.. 36V4 Fremont St.; elevator.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In % weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution in the
world teaching the barber and hatrdressin?
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. New York.
St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
WANTED— By young man In San Jose, agency
for household or food Article: canvass or dls-
. tribute; no books. Address GUY R. MERRI-
' MAN. 952 South Seventh st.. San Jose. Cal.
ALL-AROUND cook; wide experience: good
reputation: wants situation. GEORGB
STOLL, 106 Eddy St.. room 39.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 61
Cumberland St.. bet. Nineteenth and Twen-
tieth, Guerrero and Dolores.
WANTED— A good girl for general housework
and cooking in Alameda. Inquire at 405 Bat-
tery st., S. F., betweenlO and 12 o'clock.
BRIGHT girl to tend store from 8:39 to 6; $3
per week to start. 905 Howard st.
RAMBLER tandem: In good condition; new •
tires; will sell cheap. 121 Powell st.
COCKER spaniel duds; 4 months old: flna
pedigree: reasonable. 732 Devisadero st.
WANTED— German painters to organize on
Wednesday, Feb. 2S, on cor. of Seventh and
Natoma sta. at 3 p. m. sharp. Committee.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 2oc per night, 73c to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and sailors for England, Africa
and steam whalers at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
FURNISHED rooms. 73c. $1. $1 23 per week.
METROPOLITAN, 514 Fourth st.
X) PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
HELPER wanted on dressmaking. 537 Eddy st
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. SOc; painless extraction. 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 9G9 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
cpecialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$L IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 2jc.
GUARANTEED dentistry: $1 week; we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 Sixth.
GARDENER can flnd work by inquiring at the
Pacific Nursery, cor. Baker and Lombard sts.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Tha
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
2 GREAT Danes, male and female. Just Im-
ported from Europe: they are good watcn
dogs: would suit for a large property. Ad-
dre.s M. SAULAGES. 343 Broadway.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
SITUATION wanted as Janitor or porter by-
steady, reliable man: SI years; married; ref-
erences. Box 4365, Call.
WAITRESS wanted. 631 Clay rt.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
WE want solicitors for "Woman's Home Com-
panion," subscription books, etc.; easy terms
and good commissions. WESTERN ADVER-
TISING CO.. 313 Bush st.. San Francisco.
YOUNG girl. 14 years 01d.. t0 make herself gen-
erally useful. 944 Geary st.
EMPLOYMENT. AVANTED MALE.
MAN and wife wish . positions: wife a good
•cook; man capable of managing dairy. In-
quire 431 and 433 Pine St. >
COLORED girl, general housework: short dls-
tance In country. Call 9 to 12, 2615 Union st.
GIRL for seneral housework. 2915 Franklin
street.
ERRAND BOY; $2 a week. 109 Montgomery
street.
DENTISTS
A-DR. .T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that lit from
$4 SO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of 'teeth on a cold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 DO; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lorn, 24 Sixth st '
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7 Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGB W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FOR sale cheap, an organ: good for saloon or
. private. Inquire at 533 Paclilc St.
A GOOD boy to learn custom shoemaklne Ap-
ply at 22 Ninth at.
YOUNG butcher wanted. Call at 344 Thirteenth
St.. bet. 7 and 8 o'clock In the evening.
WANTED— A' good bedmaker; wages $4 and
found. 829 Howard *t.
MISCELLANEOUS— •F° It SALE.
Bo7I~FP=J eneints. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont si
St., above Sixth. ,
ESIPLOYMENT WANTED— FE3IALE.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. , . . f .
TWO young ladies for cashiers In coffee parlors
and bakery; must have experience and refer-
ence. Atply A. BREUSS,' 617 Montgomery at.
ERRAND boy wanted for tailor shop. 136 Na-
toma «r
TRUSTWORTHY woman seeks : a position. as
housekeeper or second work In a priest's
house: no objection to country; can be well
recommended. 206 Eddy st.
ALL Sheet Music sold at- half the marked pric*
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants any
kind of work by the day. Call or address
2213% Mason st.
SWEDISH girl wants to do housework. 1028
Carolina St., near Twenty- third.
NEAT Irish housegirl; good cook; American
and German style; best references. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
NEAT young second girl; first-class waitress;
city or country; references. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st. ¦ ¦ •
AT 1H per cent per month, on furniture. 1503
Polk st. OTTO MAX.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 338 Parrott build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
ENAMELLED Iron beds, all sizes, $2 90; heavy
matting 10c yard; 7-piece bedroom set, $20.
Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310. 1312 rtockton st.
near Broadway.
FURNITURE of 9 rooms, cheap. Apply at 708
Howard St.. between Third and Fourth.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE. 13 rooms, for Bale 1
bargain. 130 Second st. : no agents.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
14 WELL furnished rooms; rent $25; no agents.
TWENTIETH, 3442. near Capp— Lower flat of 4
rooms and bath.
A DESIRABLE, large, good-paying transient
house: north of Market; will stand Investiga-
tion. Pac. States Realty Co.. 320 Parrottblg.
TWO sunny flats, upper and lower; 4 and 5
rooms. 904-906 Minna St.. above Tenth.
LODGING HOUSES and good HOTELS at
honest prices: money loaned buyers. Rooms
1 and 2. 917 Market st.
ROOMING house— 2S rooms and bath; full, with
eteady roomers; cheap; owner leaving city.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
ESPINA, Penman: business writing- a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building-.
WANTED— FemaIe help at the National Laun-
dry, 411 Sanchez st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech., survey, assay, archi.: day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers —
Classes forming: French conversation. Mer-
cantile Library. 530 G. G. aye., r. 5, 6: hrs. 2-8.
. " FLATS TO LET.
CORNER upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; fine
view; $14. Flat of 4 rooms and bath. $10.
Flat of 3 rooms, $7. Key at 4499 Seventeenth.
CHEAP— Two mares, 8 years old. 4034 Twenty-
sixth st. .
MONEY TO LOAN.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me; $C 4
to $100,000; 6 per cent: Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advica
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, «32 Market.
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
ci»c-i Iron Yard. I"4 Mission St.
CO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and «25 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
ABOUT 150 more sewing machine operators will
flnd good paying work in Levl Strauss &. Co.'i
overall factory, 32ft Fremont st. MR. DA-
• VIS, Supt. f-Vi ?.:¦"/ ¦.
BOOKKEEPING as it Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-pagre catalogue free.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking. Apply at 2604 California st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
WANTED— A good hand for dressmaking.
Room 131, Murphy building.
YOUNG girl to assist at housework; must sleep
at home. Call at 819 Turk st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
JAPANESE boy wants to do housework. 707
Devisadero st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 13c breakfast
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March; patterns
cut 25c up. 103 Post st.
GARDENER. thoroughly competent man.
wishes situation for orchard, nursery or large
Private place; no triflers. A. V.. Swiss Hotel,
627 Commercial st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD' _ CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bide.. Third and Market.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests; must make
first-class buttonholes. 856 Mission Bt.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on cloaks and appren-
tlc» wanted. Apply 1236 Market st.. room 97.
MEN and women to appoint agents: $73 month:
expenses: steady positions. BUTLER &
ALGER. New Haven, Conn.
JAPANESE boy, well speaklnsr. for position
cleaning offices. Address FRANK YOSHI-
NAGA. 1001 Market Ft.. Van Vroom.
POSITION as bookkeeper or other clerical
work. Address 142 Colllngwood st. '
GARDENER— German (single) desires a steady
position; long experience; references. Please
addreES F. W.. box 4259. Call.
THREE waitresses. $6 per week, at 763 Mission
St.; apply 8 o'clock.
A $75. WORLD bike In good condition. XJ
Chase st.. Oakland.
GIRL wanted for light housework: sleep home.
Call after 10 o'clock, 704 Buchanan st. -
GIRL for ceneral housework; must not object
to children; $20. 316 Page f>t.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St., San Francisco.
A PROFESSIONAL cook wishes situation;
American, French and German kitchens: pri-
vate family preferred. Box 4366. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as coachman or to drive
delivery wagon; experienced: moderate wages;
city referents. Box 43CS. Call.
YOUNG mar. (German) desires a position as
driver for bakery wagon. Address G. 8., S2i
Market St.. Oakland.
GIRL to assist with light housework. 1323 V.
Stelner St.. near' Ellis.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 2023
Sacramento St.; wages $15; call before 12.
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking
In small family: wages $20. 2201 Webster st.
GIRL for light housework; good home. Apply
1637 Golden Gate aye.
MEN end women to learn barber trade at S F
BARBER SCHOOL, 741 A Howard St.
EXPERT accountant: 10 years' experience;
books systematized, opened, closed or audit-
ed; Instructions given; terms reasonable. Box
4364, Call. BSTMi
OHMEN enslne 12x12: nearly new: about 43
horsepower; cost $1000; will be sold cheap.
221 First St.. top floor. _^
$250— WANTED— Sober, steady man as partner
In old established saloon: will take part cash,
balance e.isy terms. 79 Third st.
FOR sale— Good har.d battery: cheap. 1030
Howard Et. . —
BARKEEPER— First-class man; best city ref-
erences; desires position. Address G, D.,
-209 Valencia st.
HOTEL barber shop; 3 chairs; center of city.
DECKELMAN EROS.. 10C Ellis St.
GOOD, steady barber wanted. 797 Mission
street.
GOOD barber for Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 127 Montgomery aye.
FOX TERRIER pups (thoroushbred) for sale;
reasonable. 2721 Sutter st. ¦
WANTED— A girl for upstairs work and care
0f. 2 children. 1230 Ellis st. . .
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework.
1797 McAllister st.
TAILORESS on custom coats wanted. 115%
Harriet st. WnHlWlllllßlll'Tll lif
HELP AVANTED— FEMALE.
HELP AVANTED — MALE.
THE^AN FRANCISCO. CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1900.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge- un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements, and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 T»niv st.; open till 9 p. m. - ¦ '¦ .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ¦ established at
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m. _^^^
WANTED— A tailoress on fine coats; wages $10
to $12. 51U_ Jones St.. near O'Farrell.
WANTED— GirI for housework and waiting;
' must sleep home; $4 a week. 32 Sixth Bt.
WANTED— FIrst-class finisher on coats. J.
SMITH. 906 Market st, ¦
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1315 Mission St., near 15th.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. man<- cure; by all drug-
gists, or Doe Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
ICE machine for sale; in good condition; 1 ton;
Apply 416 Shotwell st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; ; drawers; plateU:
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near IStn.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenlnin and Sun-
days. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk it.
OHIO Dental Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. KM Market.
ANY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 22C National aye.. San Diego, Cal.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. $io! MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 813 Montgomery «U
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes,
iron _ wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 130 Beale.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
YOUNG woman for general housework; wages
from $14. 807 Filbert st.
>*E want, solicitors for Woman's Home Com-
panion; subscription books, etc.; easy terms
and good commissions. Western Advertising
Co., 313 Bush Bt., San • Francisco.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market Bt.
FOR sale— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 6C5 G. G. ay.
CLARA. 217— Sunny bay-window flat; 3 large
rooms: $8 60; no children.
FLAT of 5 rooms; modern; bath, etc.; rent
$13. 9118 Filbert st. .
TAILORESS— Finisher on custom pants at 5H
Kearny st., room 18, top floor.
ANY amount at 8 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before dotnp; business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
FOR rent in Sausallto, a flat of flve rooms and
bath; partly furnished. Box 4360. Call.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. ,$1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy, »27 Mission.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 19 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received ' at Call branch office, 2220 Flllmore.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at lo— '-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 845 Market
St.; tel Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWER rooms: bath; stable. 3073 Twenty-
fourth, nr. Folsom; cars pass house; rent $17.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice frea. G. _.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
NEW upper modern sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath. 975 Golden Gate aye., opposite. Jeffer-
son Square. -
NEW flats; light, sunny; 5, 6 rooms; yard;
basement. 2129 Jones st., near Greenwich.
MOST reliable place to borrow on dla— .onda.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
SUNNY flats of 5 and 6 rooms; fine view and
large yard. 707 Stockton st.
TO let— Modern flat, 7 rooms and bath; 817H
Geary St.: $35. LANDRY C. BABIN. 413
Kearny st
MONEY to loan on real estate, notes, bonds,
personal property, lowest rates; write, or call
1 to t DEV/ING. 75 Chronicle building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity -HILL, room 44, Merchants' E_ chaage. 431
California st.
F_ATS TO LET FURNISHED.
BIRCH AYE.. 5—4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 4144 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms;
bargain; nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
Apply at 309 Hyde st. from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED FEMAL-S.
STRONG German girl desires situation as cook;
Institution or private family; references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter et.
NEAT, refined girl desires situation as infant's
nurse, or grown children; references. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
HELP AVANTED MALE.
A^^JRißAY^T?EADYrrr?raol?E^AnrsB«
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
29 milkers and butter makers.. s3s. $30, $25 fd
43 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent parts of California, $23, $25, $20 found..
12 choremen and boys $25. $20. $15. $10 fd
6 stablemen and boys.. s3o, $26, $25, $20. $10 fd
milk wagon drivers; boys for stores
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
26 GOLD, coal and silver miners. $2 50, $3, $3 50
day. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
WE PAY YOUR FARES.. TO MILLS, WOODS
15 laborers (no experience required)
196 tie makers 10c,' lie, 12c. 13c each
273 woodchoppers $2 60. $2, $1 50. $1, 75c cord
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— PAINTERS.. .BLACKSMITHS. ..Other Help
Blacksmith for mine, $60 and found; 3 black-
smiths, shops, etc., $2 50 day. $45 and found;
wheelwright and blacksmith. $45 and found;
painter for an Institution. $40 and found;
painter and lettcrer, $35 and found: young
man with little experience painting, $< week;
shoemakers. MURRAY _ . READY. 634 and
636 Clay Bt.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHA3. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your. 2d-hand furniture.
W. B. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 MlHslon; tel. Red 3353.
A— HOTEL, Bakery. Laundry and other depts
Cook for officers, $50 and found; cook for 10
men at a mine; second cook, city. $30 and
found; 14 c00k5. ...560. $50. $45, 540, $35. $30 fd
12 waiters $11 week, $30, $25, $20 fd
dishwashers, porters, man for delicacy store,
second baker; lroners and washers, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638
Clay Bt.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. lIS McAllister.
IF your property la mortgaged -and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market tt.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorsar;
nther propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building:.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— In grotto at Halght and Stanyan sts.,
fancy round gold pin. Ted stone in center. E.
H.. 629 McAllister St.; liberal reward.
LOST— A miniature pin. surrounded by pearls
and diamonds. Return to Shreve's and re-
ceive a liberal reward.
LOST — A rmall leather pouch, containing three
diamond and turquoise rings. The Under will
be liberally rewarded by .returning same to
MRS. A. MORRISSEY. "The Ashworth," 320
Mason st.
LOST— Order book. Finder please return to
butchershop. cor. Twelfth and Howard.
FOUND— Gentleman's Jeweled ring; owner re-
cover upon proof. Alliance Association Co.,
416 California st.
FOUND— A young Gordon setter dog. 118
Guerrero st.
MEDICAL.
DRB. GWDWINTthe well-known ladTes' physi-
clan, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $6; safe and reliable cure in one
day: 15 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007 H Market st.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: .success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023 V. Market st.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; home
In confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5; any ailment: consultation free. 942
Post St., between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. sr! KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st.. bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours' 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DAVIEB. 1228 Market: ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment. $3.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market, ladles' special-
ist; guaranteed, treatment at office. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
st.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
. MEDICATED BATHS.
INVALIDS who find no relief from drugging
.the stomach to Investigate Dr. Conant's
method of absorption." which never falls. Call
or address for booklet. Anidrosls. 47 Post.
office No. 6: rents' baths. 6: ladles parlors. 33.
10The coward never on himself relies,
But to an equal for assistance flies.
—Crabbe.
That same mani ; that rinnith , awale,
Male airaln fight ' an other, dale. ,
¦Erasmus ("ApotUegmesttemoeUi-Mieai"
SATLBOAD TEAVEL
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
nXTOV 121 Vi— 3 aunry front furnished rooms;
ranee." water, yard; also unfurnished; rent
m to Jl5. .-_
EDDY Sl7— Connecting: housekeeping rooms;
furnished; eplendid location: private resi-
dence. •
CASTRO 429* near 17th and Market— J house-
keeping rooms; stable it desired; cheap.
7:30 ami 3:00 am! SebastopoL 110:40 am|lo:23 ai*
»:30 pml S:0O pm| | 7:35 pmj «:g pm
KEAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
600 ACREB in Stanislaus County, near rail-
road: water; growing crops; under fence and
'all other Improvements. For particulars ad-
dress or call W. P. CROW. 1334 Polk, city.
MODERN fiats— slBoo; contaln'.njr 5 and S rooms
each; highly decorated and finished with all
modem conveniences; £31 Waller st. one
block from Ha'.ght and Pierce; easy terms,
r. NELSON, Builder.
A BARGAIN
ON STTTTER ST.. NEAR POLK.
Fine three-story bulldln-c with store below.
Rents 170.
PRICE HAS BEEN REDUCED.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents,
6 Montgomery St
A SUNNY room with breakfast in private fam-
ily; 3 car lines. Box 4336, Call office.
BIRTHS— HAREIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of tbe publication offices and b*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ADAMS— In Oakland, February 24. 1900. to the
wife of John Charles Adams (nee Ernestine
a HaskelD. a daughter.
GUOEL— In this city, February 24, 1900, to tbe
wife of F. Gusrel, a son.
OLANDER— In this city, February 25, 1300, to
the wife of H. Glander, a son.
KELLY— In this city, February 4, 1900, to th«
wife of Frank J. Kelly, a daughter. .:• •¦ >¦£
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
A FIXE suit to order {10 75 or pants *>3 75: our
ppcclalty In remnants allows us to cell
cheaper than .ready made. L LEMOS
IU7 Market rt.. bet. 7th and Sth. prop. One-
prlee Tailoring; Co. f,32 Kearny. near Racto.;
also 1644 Market st. under St. Nicholas.
PHYSICAL culture. ma»»a«e. to ladles: private;
• Mrs. Wap-rer, erraduate masceuse. 10134 Larkln.
TRIVATI3 detective work; reasonable rates; 10
j-eArs* experience. J. B. RAT, 857 Jessie st
THE PROPER ! DOMESTIC
FINISH
is put on all linen turned out at this
laundry. Made clean and sweet by the
use of the finest washing materials;
their immaculate whiteness is. begot of
methods that will not rot the goods.
Any collar, cuff or shirt done up here h
sure to give perfect satisfaction. To
please our patrons is our aim — and we
never fail to do it.
United States Laundry. Off!o»
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
FOUR YEARS TO
BE THE COURSE
IN HIGH SCHOOL
The Abolition of Extra Study
Will Soon Bring About'
That Result.
Board of Education Will Ultimately
Adopt, Flan of Eight Tears in
Primary and Grammar
Grades.
The, repent agitation of improvement
clubs and individuals against the require
ment of extra study for pupils in the pub
lic schools will, have 'its sequel at to-mor
row's meeting of the Board of Education,
when Director - Denman will ' introduce
resolutions providing that the rules be
changed so that no such study will bo
exacted In the primary grades, one-half
hour in the fifth, sixth and seventh
grades, one hour in the eighth grade and
one and one-half hours in the ninth grade.
It is the opinion of Superintendent Web
ster and other prominent educators that
this plan is but a step in the direction of
increasing the High School term from
three to four years. They contend that
the virtual abolition of extra study will
have the effect of reducing the intellect
ual standard of the pupil who presents
himself for admission to the High School,
or in other words, that the pupil will
come to the High School Illy prepared to
undertake the curriculum of that institu
tion and as a consequence the term will
have to be lengthened in order that suf
ficient time may be afforded to acquire
properly the various branches of tho
course.
Chairman Mark, in discussing the pos
sibility of the High School term being in
creased, said that the plan of Eastern
cities providing for four years in the pri
mary grades, four years in the grammar
and four years in the High School would
in all likelihood be ultimately adopted by
the board, but that the matter had not as
yet been considered officially or at any
great length. He wa* also of the opinion
that the doing away with extra study
would bring about that result, but how
soon he could, not tell.
Superintendent Webster also realizes
that the four-year High School term is
almost an assured fact. While not op
posing such a contingency Mr. Webster
says that the change cannot be made
without a serious danger of "overgrading
or retrograding" the pupils, as it would
necessitate the possible introduction of
the ninth grade in the High School, and
the reconstruction of the primary and
grammar grades.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER, CO., .
(Succesßore to Flannagan * & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st, opposite Lincoln School,
', . Telephone Sou Ui Bft
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tlstmou and. tubEcrtßtlocs received.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th*
rui-Bitur* dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
A BRANCH offlc* for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions bas been opened
at 1223 Polk at. ; open until I p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions h&s beea established at 1096 Va-
lencia at
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2229 FUlmore st
VAN NESS aye.. 1021— Sunny front parlor suite;
2 rooms; kitenen; bath. <
VAN NESS aye.. 4C2— Elegantly furnished sunny
Mjitej complete for housekeeping; gas stove,
bath; also lurn. parlor; together or separate.
THIRTEENTH, 175— Sunny room for house-
keeping; n-nt $6. ;
Jo CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Thaim Leaves Sax Fraxcisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving: in Chicago at 2:15 '
; P.fl in time to connect witn all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
' FYDDF"t«*i P- m - w >th Palace and Tourist
TiAiiv cars for Kansas City, St. I^oala,
DAILY Chicago and East
Local trains between Stockton, VAI IFV
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare dAah
and Bakersfleld. KUAD
SEC .YOU IN San Francisco office; 628
"FPISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
'KIS-wU auur* 1531; Oakland, 1118 Broad-
¦way; Sacramento, 2ol J Street; Saa Jose, 7 Weit
S*aU Clara Stteei. I
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(52."»KEAB.\YST. Established
In 1534 for th* treatment of Pri vat*
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease "rearing on body and mlndaod
Skin Disease*. The doctor cureswhen
others fall. Try him. Cbv^is low.
Cur«"»B:"""»ran teed. Callorwrltek
"SEVENTH. 2C2— 2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; also other rooms; reasonable; lance
>ard. .
JfjLK I'jlS near Paclflo— 2 or 3 rooms suitably
for housekeeping. Apply at 1824 Polk st
TORT, CS6— Nicely furnlßhed rooms, sunny;
housekeeping; also single room; reasonable.
OAKL.UD REAL ESTATE.
NOE. lirs— sl4: 3 rooms, complete for house-
keeping; Castro or 22nd st. cars. *
OAK, 119— Large sunny room with closet, fur-
nished for light housekeeping; $^
NOE lit— t or 4 r»unny front rooms; modern
lower flat; gas stove; $15. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARKET. ISSJ. opposite Tenth— Comfortable
furnished bedroom and kitchen. $7.
MARKET. IC2S-2 rooms, partly furnished;
light housekeeping; $6 per montn.
KHAItNY 104— Front euite. three unfurnished
rooms. $i»; two room*. 310. __
THE best corner lot south of University of Cal-
ifornia, with elegant modern 9-room house.
M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth and' Broadway, Oakland.
KEARNY. near Butter— A light front room. $8;
tras free; also housekeeping room O Farrell.
epp Orpheum. $3 month. Apply 15 Grant aye.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saosatlto Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:OO. *9:80. 11 -CO a. Nx; 1:45.
•3:40. 5:15. «:QO. <:30 o. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at »:00 and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— •»:<». ""10:00. m.-JO a. n.; nu»»
•:IS, *4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qurntln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO..
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. •«:». 1:4«. »»:4« a. m,
•13:30. 1:15. *8:40. •S:!! p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an 4
Saturdays *t <:40 aod 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 4:2O. •«:00. 10:00. «11:45 a, m.;
•1:40. «*3:15.- 4:43. •*:*> D. m.
Trains marked (•> start from Baa Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO*.
WEEK DAY?-6:45. 1:45. 7:55. 9:45 *. m.;
12:15. 2:15. 3:43. 1:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays ao4
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:10 p. m.
SUNDAY3-S:O5. 10:05 a, m.; 12:05. 1:13. 1:10,
•¦00. 8:45 p. ra.
THROUOH TRAINS.
T"00 •- m. week days— Casadero and way atsttona.
i:4O p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
:0O a. m, Sundays— Tomales aad way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPf-US SCENIC RAILWAY
"Leave San Francisco via Sausallto 'ferry.
Wt«k days *•¦» a. ra- aad 1:45 p. ca.
5unday*.. ........ .1:00. 19:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. nv.
Bt*am-htat*d closed car oa all triaaa.
"Tar* Baa rrmacUco to Summit and Jtetora.
HOH
HYDE. 40S— Elegant sunny front parlor suite;
complete for housekeeping; also single. $7.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
lIOWARD. 7€lH— Nicely furnished bay-wlado*
eulte and kitchen; man and wife; othert. rens.
GOUGFT 118— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room, with or without board; terms rea-
sonable.
KOI>SOM. 834— Sunny front bay-window foom
end kitchen: bath; modern conveniences; pri-
vate; J3 a week.
FILLMORE, 2212. near Clay— s7; 2 large, eunny
unfurnished rocme; nice yard; water.
FIFTH 353— Furnished double parlors, kitchen
and bath. J2O; also 2, $16; single, $4 up.
ELLIS. 414— Lower flat; two rooms with closets;
rang*, gas; complete :
CALIFORNIA. 5523— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable;
references exchanged.
STORAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
HOOns FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
ADELAIDE place. 8. off Taylor, near Post—
Newly furnished housekeeping rooms; gas;
no children.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency,l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
J. W. HORN, Sl2 Main et., Petaluma; real es-
tate end thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list of Sonoma County bargains.
PaoS*9r|*Ma{M The S. S. Australia
Jlw&'SSfiS. Ba "" t for Honolulu
*^* mttmmm Wednesday. March 7,
O - 1900. at 2 p. m.
O«^^LV\ T* 1 * s - s - Mariposa
jSjMnrcnHW . *alls via Honolulu and
G^S" „"{;., Auckland for Sydney
{Ofilßflßth Wednesday,. March M.
¦^ M at Sp. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Sues.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
i. 0. Sr-ntCXELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Mentgonwf)
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight 0rf1ce.327 Market St
Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skagss
Springs; at Cloverdals for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Bprtnrs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvtlle, Carlsoad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Rlversid*. Uerley's,
Buekneirs, Sanfcedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*9
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
WeetportaJMl. WUlltts, Laytonvtlla, Cum-
ming"*. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at n~
Sunday .ronnd-trlo tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices. 880 Market at. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. H TAJ *«
General Manajrer. On. Pass. Agent.
TO exchanire — Building plans for vacant lot or
bouse rent. Ad. Architect P. O. Station H.
FOR sale, cheap— New 2-story hduses, 7 rooms;
latest improvements; Noe and Hill ets.; near
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ES.W— -GOOD business property; make offer;
income . Jl3O month. Owner, box 427 L Call.
TOYO RISEN KAISHi
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnx at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 25
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st, corner First -
W. H. AVERY. General Agent
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John J. Brady to David and Annie Cohen,
lot on 8 line of O'Farrell street. 175 W of
Laguna, W B0 by S 120; $10.
Oscar Harris to Dora Steckler, lot on E
line of Webster street, 45:6 S of Post, S 23 by
E 59:6; $10.
Walter B. Grosh to Elizabeth G. Larzelere
(wife of W. R.). Louise M. Sage (wife of O.
G.) and Milton D. Grosh, lot on 8 line of Ful
ton street 100 W of Baker, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Eliza T., Charles W. and James R. Wil
son to Joseph Y. Ayer, lot on N line of Waller
street, 100 X of Masonic avenue, E 25 by N
100; $10.
Joseph F. and Maud M. Nolan to Louis B.
Hetty, lot on E line of Ashbury street 50 S
of Hayes, E 131:3, S 29:5%. N 87 degrees 15
minutes W to a point N 2:9; $10.
Lange Investment Company (a corporation)
to H. Peterson, lot on S line of Carl street
229:8 E of Stanyan, E 50 by S 100; $10.
W. H. and Jennie Baker (Kraudlet) to Philip
Zimmermann, lot E line of Howard street, 95
S of Twentieth, S 81:9% by E 122:6; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Frank
F. and Juanlta P. Candido, lot on 8 line of
Fifteenth. 140 W of Dolores. W 25 by S 71;
$1000.
Walter S. Brann to Louisa R. White, lot on
W line of Missouri street, 62:6 N of Mariposa.
N 75 by W 100, grant for life; .
Emma M. Zeltner (Wieland) to Germanla
Trust Company (a corporation), undivided In
terest In the following: Lot on SW corner, of
Dacotah and Amador streets.. SE 200. thence
at right angles 200. N 200, E 200; also lot on
S line of Clementina street, 260 SW of First,
SW 25 by NE 80; also lot on SW corner of Mar
quesas and Glla streets, 25 by 100; also lot on
8E corner of Potrero and Channel streets. S
38:5, W 100, N 8:8, NE to beginning of lot 79,
Silver Terrace Homestead; also lot on E cor
ner of Nebraska and S streets, NE 31, SE 96,
W 31. thence 75. lot 387, same; also lot on N
lice of Eighteenth street, 45 W of Douglas. W
46 by N 110; $10.
O. M. A. Tamm (Wieland, wife of E. F.).
A. P. 8. Sherman (Wieland. wife of F. P.),
Albert G., Robert P. and Charles ¦3. Wieland
to same, undivided Interest In I the following:
Same (six descriptions); also lot on NE corner
o' Sacramento and Larkln streets.N 127:6 by
E 113:9; $10.
Samuel and Hattle Simmons -to Thomas and
George Thorgersen. lot on S line of Powhattan
street. 64:4 W of Boise, W 2S:B by S 95; $10.
Arthur F. and Jessie M. Casebolt to John J.
Lynch, lot 8, block B, Park Lane Tract; $10.
Barbara M. Ware to Nellie Moller, lot on W
line of Montlcello street," 450 N of Sherman,
N2sby W 100, t lot 4. block 4, City Land As
sociation; $10. .
Same to Barbara E. Ware, lot on W line of
Montlcello street, 425 N of Sherman, N 25 by
W 100, lot 31, block 4. same; $10.
Alameda County.
Lulu Paine (wife of Thomas) to Henry
Hauschlldt. all Interest In lot on S line of B
street B0 E of Sixth, SE 150 by NE 100, being
lots ii and 3. block 47, Peterson Tract. Hay
wards. Eden Township: $10.
Joseph P. and Lillle Dieves to Mary •A.
Surrvhne (wife of Isaac) undivided half In
terest In lot on W line qf Grove street 45 S
of Twenty-seventh (or Park). S 45 by W 90.
being lots 31 " and - 32. block 2021. Whltcher
Tract Map 2, Oakland; $10.
Same to same, undivided half interest In
lot on E line of Tenth street. 200 W of Powell.
N5O E 100, S 60, W 100 to berrtnnlng. being
lot 15, block 22. Beaudry and Peladeau Prop
erty, Oakland: $10. "
W H and Harriett C Loomis to L. H. Sly,
lot on S line of Thirty-third (or Nolan) street
833 E of West, S 100 by E 36, block F, map of
lands of .Central Land s Company, subject to
mortEftue, Oakland: $10.
L. H Sly and Us»la Sly to Gella. Rohr.
lot on* 8 line of Thirty-third (or Nolan)
street 333 E of West, S 100 by E 35, block F.
map of same. Oakland: $10.
Joseph Hunt to E. C. Sessions, lot on NE
line of East Twenty-fifth street, 252:6 NW of
Twenty-first avenue, NW 150 by NE 280. being
lots 12 to 17, 38 to 43, block 84, on Map of
Northern Addition to Town at Brooklyn. East
Joseph' P. and LUlle Dieves to Mary A.
Surryhne (wife of Isaac), undivided half in
terest in N line of University 255 to
the E of W line of plat 79, E 45 by N 110, be
ing a portion of plat 'rt, Runcho V. and D.
Peralta. Berkeley; $10. _ . .
Antolne ¦• and Oracle : Borel (by J. , Henry
Meyer and J. Freuler. attorneys) to Alsls
Graner lot on W line of Boston avenue. 83.75
S of Hopkins street, 8 40br-W 80 .being lot 1.
block A on - map <of ¦ subdivision blocks I. A,
E and F, Revised Map i Prospect Hill Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10. " „ _
Ellsa D. and James Kellogg to Germano
and.Caterlna Caregglo. lots 1 and 2 block L
Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Feronlca Miller to Mary C. Reaser, lot on
W line of Willow street, 120 N of Eagle avenue.
JTSO by W 138:4. block 13, on map of plan of
subdivision blocks 1,;2, 3, 12 and 14, lands
adjacent to Encinal, - subject to a mortgage
for $1100, Alameda: $10. . • . ¦ ' /
Earah L. Johnson, George W. Austin - and
Phlllipplne Bruenn . (by • J. '- B. Lanktree. com
missioner) to Thomas : Barr/ lot on SE line of
Eighth avenue (formerly : Fremont street), •90
SW' of East Fourteenth street, SW 50 by SE
125 being the SW. 60 feet of lots 19 to 24, block
DIED.
Black, John Koch. William O.
Brannan. James King, Louis J.
Bunker, Margaret Lannon, Mary
Barfoot, Henry Lavery, Joseph O.
Behlmer, Herrman F. Leahy, Mary
Beynon, Mary J. McElllgott. Mary
Cassou, Josephine Nichols, Mary E.
Cleland, Martha H. Pulverman, Moritz
Connor, James F. Ragan, Denis
Desmond, Minnie E. Sommer. Anna M.
' Elsdale, Col. Henry Stellingr Frank H.
Flewry, SoDhie J. Smith, Maria A.-
Goodwin, James P. Valenzuela, Mrs. Sa-
Gilhooley. John rah
Horan, Emma Yon Staden. Henry J.
Higglns, Capt. Jas. Wallace, Margaret M.
Hollub, Susannah Wood. Fred. R.
Jerg, Herman P. Walsh, Patrick F,
Korbel, Joseph Welch. Kate
BLACK— In this city, February 25, 1900. John,
beloved husband of the late Ellen Black, and
father of William. Isabella Scott and James
Black, a native of Hawlck, Scotland, aged
62 years 1' month and 12 days."
tC^Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from the parlors of Craig & Cochran
Company, 52 and 66 Mint avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
BRANNAN— In this city, February 26, 1900,
James, dearly beloved husband of the late
Bridget Brannan, and father of Lawrence
Brannan. Mrs. Marcaret Ryan, Mrs. Cath-
erine Balne and Mary Anne Brannan, a na-
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 75
years. (Boeton papers please copy.)
ET-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 11 Shipley street (formerly Louisa),
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing . at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BUNKER— In this city, February 26, 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of William F. Bunker,
mother of George. Susie and Perolval Bunk-
er, daughter of Mary and" • the late David
r>avies, and sister of Mrs. J. Devlin. Mrs.
B Tyson. Mrs. J. Flnren, Thomas and David
Davlee and the late Mary Irving and George
Davles, a native of San Francisco, aged 34
years and 9 months.
BARFOOT— In the City and County Hospital,
February 26, 1900. Henry , Barf oot, a native of
England, aged 76 years.
BEHLMER— In this city, February 25. 1900,
Herrman F., dearly beloved and only child
of Herrman and Johanna Behlmer, a native
of San Francisco, aired 1 year and 25 days.
[ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1210 Broadway, near Leaven-
worth street. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.-
BEYNON— In Emeryville, February 26, 1900,
Mary Jane, wife of David Beynon, beloved
mother of Benjamin P., John P., Thomas H.
and Margrretta Beynon and Mrs. W. J. Mac-
lean of San Pablo, and sister of John P.
Brown of San Francisco, a native of New-
port, England, aged 62 years 3 months and
20 days.
"C 7 Funeral services and Interment private.
CASSOU— In Oakland, February 25, 1900, Jo-
sephine, beloved and oraly daughter of Mr.
and lirs. J. CaBBou, granddaughter of Mrs.
M. Laborde, and niece of Mr. and Mrs. B.
CaMOU and C. Laborde. a native of Oakland,
aged 3 months and 8 days. •
[C7'Frlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock from the residence
of her parents, 820 Franklin street. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery.
CLELAND— In this city, February 2«, 1900,
Martha HV, youngest and dearly beloved
daughter of W. T. W. and M. E, Cleland, and
sister of Agnes Cleland, a native .of • San
Francisco, aged 6 months and 27 days. ;¦"¦
CONNOR— In the City and County Hospital,
February 26. 1900, James F. Connor, a native
of New York, aged 72 years.
DESWOND— In this city. February 25, 1900.
Minnie E. C. beloved daughter of Mary and
the late Daniel Desmond, and sister of Judge
J. M. Desmond of Sacramento. Eugene P.
and Daniel A. • Desmond and the late Sarah
and Frances A. Desmond, a native of. San
Francisco, aged 26 years 10 months and 25
days. ; , . .
(C7'FTlendB and acquaintances i are respect-
fully invited to attend the * funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 15S Perry -street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem ; high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment ¦ Holy
Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG Ladles' Institute No. B— Sisters: You
are hereby requested to attend the funeral of
our late sister. Minnie E. C. Desmond, this
day (Tuesday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence. MRS. M. MULLIN, Pres.
MARY DONOVAN. Secretary.
ELSDALE— In this city/February M, 1900, Col-
onel Henry Elsdale, a native of England,
aged &7 years. :
GUEKRERO, 114— Sunny furnished or unfur-
nished rooms tc let with board.
CHOICE lot on Chattanooga St.; J2^xU7:S;
near CSd «t.. all utr^et work done; electric
«-arf r»"« In front; on th* rrade: will bHI
fi-r tl'*v to clotw an «"<t>unt; the lot cost over
r27T»it: a r»ry :•-•«¦- location; surrounded
with nlo* bon>m»; run* throurh to street In
_.r**x. XT. 3. .SITNN. EJO California »t_
IF you have l^ts in Richmond district, north of
the Park, that ynu wiah t i sell quickly then
call en W. J. GUNN. 6*» California st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
REAL ESTATE CITT — FOR SALE.
ONLY 1709 each— ln order to close an account
' I offer S of tbe choicest lots in Richmond for
Just th* amount leaned on each lot; on Tenth
aye.. en the elevated ground, commanding the
fine marine view; elo6e to the electric cars
that run on Clement st.. transferring: with
Putter «t; all street work done and graded;
if a buyer does not wish to pay all cash I
¦ will srive ea!>>- terms: tl&O down and quarterly
Pympnts; any one wanting to get a home
1J fivar* one of the** lots; they are very
cap r.nd desirable; sunny location; Just of-
•tM fr>r flrvt time; sice 23x120. Call at ono*,
. J. GUNS. :*) California st
W. E. LANE, phone Main 815. 6CI California
St.: everybody's plumber.
ROOMS WANTED.
PLUMBERS.
NO CARBON MONOXIDE
FOUND IN THE BLOOD
Sensational Story of an Evening
Newspaper Exploded by the Use
of the Solar Spectrum.
Coroner Cole yesterday received th© re
port of the city chemist In the matter of
his examination of the blood of Mrs.
Christine Schuldt, to the effect that he
had failed to find any traces of the toxic
results of carbon monoxide and - that
Morgue Surgeon Leland'a report that
death had ensued from natural causes
was correct.
Mrs. Schuldt was a widow, a domestic
servant by occupation, and resided at 730
California street. On the afternoon of
Washington's birthday she was found un
conscious on the sidewalk at the Intersec
tion of Valencia and Twentieth streets
and was taken to the City Receiving Hos
pital, where she died shortly after. . A
report was current and printed in one of
the evening newspapers that she had been
asphyxiated by Inhaling illuminating gas
and that after she got on the street the
carbon monoxide In her blood caused her
to fall in a faint. There was no founda
tion for the story.
DR. C. C. O-DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. 803— Handsome alcove room; grate, gas,
bath, running water; other rooms.
COAST I'l VISION (ItroailCan^).
f rhlrtl and Townscn.l Sta)
PARALTSIS;
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
. OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
SCROFULA. ECZEMA; SKIN DISEASES.
CONSUMPTION.
OLD-STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all other* have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
Different from any ether treatment
¦Write for- references. Consultation fre«.
DR. L. J. 6TRATTON. 507. 608 and 609. Par-
rctt bulldlnc (Over the Emporium.)
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
ST. PETER'S House. 705 California— Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping- rooms.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph D.. ISIS Linden. Oakland.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor, near Market— Up-to
date, fireproof building; electric elevator; new
furniture;.' hot. cold water; radiators; suites
and single: rooms appreciated when seen.
WANTED— OId #ro!d for manufjr. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler, S4S O'Farreli. bet. Powell an' Maeoa.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold: send for him. f.06 Kearny.
IF you wlfh full' value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing ca.ll on B. Cohen. 117 Third; tel. Black 1423.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. 11. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansome st.
COAST nm*lO3 (X«rro-i Ca« ff e).
(Foot ft M >rUct Street.)
LADIES' and gents* caft-off clothing bought and
•old. Silverman. 954 Folsom; tel. Folscm 119 L
LEADING theatrical and masquerade coe-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 783 Market St.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
•>¦!'.!". ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralKla; t:i pain leaves like masrio from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st
MCALLISTER. 320— Elegant sunny parlor. $16
other room, $8.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
Marrlaze licenses bave been Issued as follows:
Edward E. Park. 41, city, and Julia C. Sul-
livan, 32. city.
Robert I* SuUbenrer. 88. «75 Geary street,
and Amalla Driefar, 27. 220 Fifth avenue.
John U Meagher, 25, 433*4 Clementina Btreet.
and Ella V. Mulr, 22, Oakland.
Frederick V. Rlnghrtm. 45, city, and Carolina
A. Dahl. 84, city, ' ,_i.
WlUlam Walker, M, city, and "Rom MaTnnU.
JB, city.
Georre V. Bohta, 88, 140S Van Meat aT«nu«,
and Mary A. Mallin*. 31, 1723 Pine itret.
F. T. Henry Bisohoff, 80, dty. and Annie
Heginbotham. 29, city.
Louis Beny. 27. 936 Mission street, and Freda
Meyer. 22, 434 Jessie street.
Charles B. Richard. 21. 1604 Powell street, and
Maria Pineda, 19, 706 Vallejo street.
Edward J. CRourke, 33, city and Margaret
A. Connell, 25. city.
Daniel Webster, 80, Oakland, and Florence
E. Olsen. 20. Reiff.
Nicholas Tißch«r, 43, Selma, and Hedwlr
Eder. Si. city.
Gustavo Relmers, 27. 844 Filbert street, and
Elizabeth Blippert,. 25, 512 Greenwich street.
John O. McGlnty, 80, Sulsun, and Theresa
Hopkins, 20, 1064H Howard street.
HenryH. Hartmann. 30, 2609 Clay street, and
Hetty w. EiTßert. 86, 425 Fell street.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521— Two laree sunny
rooms with yarri: rent $7.
HOWARD, 534— Nice sunny front room; suit-
able for two centlemen.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Tblrd st.. near Market; 100 rooms;
So to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to J6 per week;
Jre« "bus and barrage to and from the ferry.
OUR spring good* are arriving; call and see
our blue serce 115 ladies* tailor-made suits
at II per week. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1306
Stockton «t.. near Broadway; open evenings.
HAVES. 120— Furnished . alcove room; sun all
day; suitable for 2; also back parlor; gas.
bath and telephone.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT, Washington. D.
C, February 20, 1900.— Sealed proposals are In-
vited and will be received at this department,
until 2 o'clock p. m. Tuesday, April 3, 1900, at
which time and place they will be opened In
the presence of attending bidders, for the
construction of one steel steam propeller for
the U. S. Revenue Cutter Service, for duty on
the Pacific Coast to be known while in course
of construction or until launched as No. 8, R.
C. S. Said vessel Is to be constructed in ao-
cordance with the plans and specifications
provided by the Secretary of the Treasury,
which, together with form of proposal, con-
tract etc., may be obtained upon applica-
tion to this department.
Bids must be addressed to the Secretary ot
the Treasury and be Indorsed on the envelope
"Proposal for Revenue Steamer for Pacific
Coast" The right is reserved to reject any
or all bids and to waive defects If deemed for
the Interests of the Government »o to do.
(Signed.) O. L. SPAULDING,
i Actlnc Secretary.
OLSOM, 946. corner Sixth (The Olivet)— Sunny
furnished, rooms; suites or single; new mngmt.
A— A— ELECTRIC massage treatment removes
wrinkles; free this week; I guarantee to per-
mar.entry remove superfluous hair by elec-
trolysis. MISS ISADORE BARRETT. Der-
mfitolorist. 1207 Market st.. opp. City Hall.
LKPERER is ncted for the polite manner in
which every c>Flre of the customer is carried
out; n^at parlors; careful attendants; balr-
dressing. 2Jc. 122 Stockton et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
LEDERER'S Quintonica is fast superseding all
. Hair Tonics: 35c bot. ; Lederer"s Foamo Sham-
poo cannot be beat. 5c pgk. 123 Stockton st.
GENTLEMEN, brin*r your sood« and we will
make and trim your puit for 110 this month to
advertise our work. MASTEN. the tailor. 509
I^arkln' tt.. near Turk.
IS NOT A LADY.
I. WILLIAM WILSON of 1055 Folsom st.. will
aot be reeponsible for any debts ray wife may
contract from this date, Feb. 26.
BELLE— OUDRY
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
PERSONALS.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Room*
25c to $1 per night; SI 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night
ftOUTHKRN I-Ai'irfir IOJIPAJIt.
. (PACITIO HVS7KM.)
Tr*la. !•••#•> tana tare .Inc. to nrrlv* ta«
NAN Flt.lJi< Jt<O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
TO RENT— J-acre minny hill land and cottage;
terms low. 959 Clay st., Oakland.
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Pa I it. It- try: reads Ito %. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
ROOMS TO LET — Font, and Unfarn.
BAUiBOAD TBAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PALMISTRY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1900.
FLEWRY— In this dtyj February 26, 1900,
'Sophie J., beloved wife of Adolph Flewry,
and mother of the late Emlle G. Coret. a na-
tive cf France, aged 76 years and 4 months. •
GOODWIN— In this city, February 24, 1900,
James P. Goodwin, beloved father of James
P. Goodwin Jr.. Mrs. M. R. Brltton and Mrs.
E. L. May, aged 85 years. ¦"¦-<. r_
ETTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tues-
day), at S o'clock, at his late residence. 1313
Taylor street. Interment private.-'
GILHOOLEY— In this city. February 25. 1900.
John Gilhooley, beloved brother of Patrick
Conroy, a .native of County Sllgo, Ireland,
aged 42 years.
HORAN— In this city. February 25, 190p._Emma
Ho-m, beloved sister of Mrs. Milton D. Gar-
rett, a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years
6 months and 1 day. ' 4 . . .
cr The funeral will take pl«tc« * h i? <Jay
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'olock, from Hotel Frank-
lin, 1904 Market street, thence to St. Joseph ¦
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for th« repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private in
Holy Cross Cemrtery. , i
HIGGINS-In Berkeley. February 26, 1900. Cap-
tain James Franklin Hlgglns. beloved hus-
band of Emma I. Hlgglns. and f * t *s r 2f2 f
Augustus D.. Chester B.; and Marietta S.
Hlggina. a native of Westfleld, Mass.. aged 63
years 7 months and 25 days. (Boaton. Mass..
papers please copy.)
• tcyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HOLLUB~In this city. February H, 1900, Su-
sannah Hollub. mother of Mrs. J. Strauss and
Samuel. Charles, David, Lillle. Minnie. Ad-
dle and Mabel Hollub. a native of Philadel-
phia. Pa., aged 63 years and 4 months.
tCTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from her late residence, 2012 Pine
street. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Towns-
end streets.
JERG— In this city. February M. ISOO, Herman
P. dearly beloved son of John and Caroline
Jere, and beloved brother of Rosle and Jo-
seph L. Jerg, a native of Aalen. Wurtemberg.
Germany, aged 23 years 8 months and 12 days.
A member of St. Joseph's Society. St. An-
thony's parish, and late member of Company
L First Regiment, California, United States
Volunteer Infantry. (Syracuse, N. V., papers
please copy.)
¦ {CTFrlends and accraaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 1119H Alabama street,
between Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth,
thence to St. Anthony* s Chnroh, oorner of
Foleom and Army streets, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 8:45 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KORBEL— In this city, February 25, 1900, Jo-
seph Korbel, a member of the firm of F. Kor-
bel & Bro.. a native of Bohemia, aged E5
years 11 months and 11 days. .
- tCTServlces to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11
o'clock, at the residence, 723 Bryant street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KOCH— In this city, February 25. 1900, William
G., beloved husband of the late Magdelina
Koch, and father of Ada, William F., Henry
A Charles O. and Walter Koch, a native of
Hamburg. Germany, aged 54 years 10 months
and 13 days.
"C7Frlendß and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment L O.
O. F. Cemetery.
KING— In this city, February 26, 1900. Louis
Joseph, ' beloved son of Thomas King, a na-
tive of Canada, aged 35 years.
LANNON— In this city, February 25, 1900, Mary
Lannon beloved ' wife of William Lannon,
and mother of Margerette, Willie, Jerome and
Harold Lannon, and sister of Annie and Mag-
gie Keigh; a native of Missouri, aged 25 years
7 months and 26 days. s
fCT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 15 Hollls street, off Ellis, between Bu-
chanan and Webster, thence to Holy Cross
Church, on Eddy street, where services will
be held at 9:30 o'clock, thence to train at
Third and Townsend streets. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LAVERY— In this city, February 26, 1900, Jo-
seph G. Lavery ( a native of Buffalo. N. V.,
ased 53 years.
"?""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
LEAHY— In Apnews, Santa Clara County, Feb-
ruary 25, 1900, Mary, beloved wife of j John
Leahy, and mother of Mrs. Joseph Harvey,
and sister of Michael and John Monahan, a
native of Ireland, aged 60 years, . £* ?-.,¦
McELLIGOTT— In this city, February 26, 1900,
Man*, beloved wife of James McElllgott, and
mother of Gerald and Mary McElllKott, a
native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
NICHOLS— In Niles, Cal., Mary Ellen, be-
loved wlf» of Martin S. Nichols, and mother
of Aloa and Leslie Nichols, and sister of
Mrs. E. Crate of Portland, Or., Mrs. Frank
Seamen of San Francisco and Harry and
James Washe of San Francisco, a native of
San Francisco, aged 31 years 2 months and 23
days. (Oregon papers please copy.)
ETTriends.and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, at Niles. Alameda County, Cal., thence
to Episcopal church at Centervllle. CaL In-
terment Centervllle, Cal.. '
PULVERMAN— In this city, February 28, 1900,
at the Pacific Hebrew Home, Moritz Pulver-
man. a native of Prussia, aged 68 years.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halted & Co.-, 946 Mission street. In-
• terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
RAGAN— In this city, February 26, 1900, at his
late residence, 214 Haight street, Denis Ra-
gan, beloved husband of • Catharine- Ragan,
and father of Dr. D. F., J. W. and Mary L.
Racan. a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 76 years and 10 months.
"CT" Notice of funeral hereafter.
SOMMER— In East Oakland, February 25,~ 1900,
Anna M. Sommer, beloved mother of J. H.,
H J. and Peter Sommer and Mrs. W. Denn-
heim, a native of Hollengstead. Germany,
aged 78 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1262 Thirteenth avenue. East Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Oak-
land. ;•-•¦:
STELLING— In this city, February 23. 1900,
Frank H., youngest and dearly beloved son
of Charles and Lena Stelllnjr, and brother of
Charles W. and the. late Dorathea Stalling, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and
4 days. ••• .
(£7" The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 404 A Francisco street, between
Powell and Mason. Interment private at
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. February 25. 1900. Mrs.
Maria A. Smith, widow of the late Frederick
G Smith and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
a' E Roberts and Ella L. and Adam Smith,
a 'native of Boston, Mass.. aged 52 years 10
months and 19 days. •
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1037 A Dolores street. Interment I. O.
0 F.' Cemetery.
VALENZUELA— In this city, February £5. 1900,
Mrs Sarah Valenzuela. beloved aunt of Es-
tanalslao Rivera, a patlve of Slnaloa, Mexico,
aged 63 years. : •
YON STADEN— In this city, February 25. 1900.
Henry J dearly beloved and only son of Dora
and the 'late John yon Staden, and brother of
Annie yon Staden, a native of San Francisco,
aVed 30 years 3 months and 3 days.
rrTFriends and' acquaintances are respect-
funv Invited to. attend the funeral this day
/Tiieudav) at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Mn mother 24 Hampton place, off Folsom
street between Second and Third. Interment
1 O O. F. Cemetery.
WAT.T.ACB- In Emeryville, February 26, 1900,
Mariaret Mary Columbia, darling little
daughter of John and Nora Wallace a native
of California, aged 5 months and 19 days.
fETFriends- and -acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her Barents, Emeryville. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
WOOD— In this city, February 24, 1900. Fred R.
w2od7 a native of New York, aged 46 years
8 months and 22 days. A member or Local
UnTonNo 22. United Brotherhood of Car-
penters and Joiners of America.
"TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 3 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H F. Maass. 917 Mission street, near
Fifth Interment Laurel HHI Cemetery. .
WALSH— In this city, February 26. 1900. Pat-
rick F beloved husband of Amelia Walsh,
and father of William E.,_ Stafford P. and
Kathleen L Walsh, a native of County Cork.
Ireland! aged 62 years 6 months and 22 days.
rrTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fiiliv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
JSlde^eTMU Clay street, thence to St. -Dom-
inie's Church, Stelner street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WELCH— In this, city, February 22, 1900, . Kate
Welch a 'native of Ireland, aged 40 years.
rrr Funeral , takes place this day (Tuesday)
from the undertaking parlors of Valente, Ma-
rlnl & Co.; 1524 Stocktqn street ¦. ¦ : ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at the
rorthwe.st oorner ot Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky t>u. ; cpea uctU t p. m.
! |^j^^m^i_
ANTONIO, 16. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell— l large unfurnished rooms.
liavs — From Fxbbca»T 33, 1303. — jtßßivm
BOHEMIA. 239 Post, oor. Stockton— Sunny oor-
ner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water: elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st- (old No. 1364)— Fur-
n'.Rhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
MUTUAL ELECTRIC LIOHT CO. A monthly
dividend (No. 6) of eight (8) oents per share
on the issued capital stock of the company
has been declared, payable at the office of the
company, 627 Howard street, . Ban Francisco,
on March 9th. 1900. Transfer . books close oa
March 3d, 1900, at 4 o'clock p. m.
JAMES FISHER, Secretary.
BUSH, 715— Nice small furnished room; rent
15.
CARROLLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well (urn.; rms. & offices.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 10J (50
cents per share) of the Ooeanlo Steamship
Co. will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market st, on and after Thurs-
day, March 1, 1900. Transfer book* will clot*
on Friday, February 23, 1900, at I o'olock
P. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport House)— Sunny roomn ;
bay windows; run. water; gas; II 25 to J2 60.
GEARY, JMl— Bunny single room; rent IS per
month.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HTER.
GEARY, 660— Newly furnished room for gentle-
man; 110 per aionth.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Finely furnished
large front roonv; running water; to gentle-
man; private; reasonable.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; Jl £0 to $6 per week.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room, Jl per week; transient.
NATOMA, 131iH> near Fourteenth— Neatly fur-
nished sunny front room, $4; good home.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
orflcee; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
•7jO«a Benirii. SBtann, Elmlxa. VaeavflTe,
llumscy ami .Sacramento . ¦ T»43 r
•7-OOa. Elmta Eirpress-DaTis. Willows.
Ue<l Bluft Portland ,*?»4sr
*Ji3O \ Martinez, h.m l'.smira, Val'ejo. Nap*.
CalUtoga anil Santa Rnaa # Ssl&r
•!»:30* Tha OrerUnU United— OgUea, Den-
ver. Omaha. Chlcaga "SilSr
••>3Oa Sam Joee. Llvcrmore. Stockton.
lone. Haerameutn, FlaoerrUle,
M»ryf»llle. Chico, lteaDlnff MiltF
•»iao\ 'Mltton. Oak dale, t^juora. Carters... 'iilSp
•3:«Oa Haywanls. Kiln anil Way Stations. # M:4;i>*,
1»-««a Diris, Woodland. Kcijht* Laadiag.
MarjsTille. OrotUle. *7:I5?
•9:OO» A tlaatlrt Kupress— Ogtlen and East # I»>l.>a
*«t«OA. Martinez. Trey, LaUirop. StocktoD,
Merortlaml Vrcsno. »iajl.Tir
•Uioo* Port Cost*. l''r«no, M»Jav« aiwl I*»
A.h(«l.ii. ******
• I ©:O*> » ValUJo, Marlines ami Way Suticns *O: Ir» p
•ll:»Oi Nlli-s. Litcruiore, Stockton, v-iacra-
- ' mento. Men.lofa, Hanford, Vimlto,
rtrtcrtiUo MilSf
•I «:*«m HaymrJa. ITOcs and Way StaOona. *»**•"* •»
tl:O»p S.kcrani.Mito lilrei nto->mera fSiOOp
*3>OOp Hiywirtts. Nils s ami Way B'atlcES. <»i-l*ir
••ItOttr Martlnex. Han K.inioii. Vitllejo.
Nap*. f»i:m.i.isa. Kaata Rosa •»il."»»
•IslMir r.cmici.k, Vaea>iKc, r~.r-.u «nlo,
WtHflliuxl, KniuiiU lanUiue.
M.rysTillc. OniTfile •••i-i.l -
•l<SOr Nllcs.»an J»fmaiutKti)«ktou *7>lt
•3:©OpThn Owl LinJiteU— racy, Krefrco.
ILiVv tsdelil. Bangtui for -.nii Bar-
bara. Ln« Angeles. . •1«»-1"»*
<i.isOOp Eurset Llxited— El Paso, New Or-
lear:itnil Eiat «1»«434
•3:30p Stock tou, M.ie*.*, Frasiw •ia»l."»r
¦5:3Wr Fresno, JVikcrsiirlii, Knnta TUr)>ara,
Los Angeles, IVmtng, El Fa»o,
New (>rlo*iis ami l.ait •«" • « •* 4
•5:3»p Hauta *>'•• J.'oiite— Allaiitla Eipre»a
f.u- Mojuv « nn.l Kit** *et4sp
"6:« Op na.Tw.wils, NllcxandSan Joae Til.i*
|o:s«>f Vnllcjo •ia»lf»F
•c<S«»r OrienUl Mill— OgJen. Cheyenne.
0.-JjJvi, Chlcija... -.... »»»4aA
•*"«"t*p Orionial '.J.ul — Cgdcn, Den'rer,
Osiaha, dici^o. »4:t3r
•T:«Op V *lli.' Jo. Port Costa ami Way ftta- '
Uoiis. J9»33r
•Sit»3r Oregaii and CaMfnrnia Klzprom.Hao-
riuiienfi». Msrjtrillr, I*<»l<lti)g,
TortUwl. rn»r> X, ¦.¦¦.! ami Kant »*>»l3A.
rOWELL, 612 A —Large sunny front rooms;
newly furnished; suitable for gentlemen. '
ROYAL House. i? 6 Ellis et.— lncandescent llfht,
reading room, smoklne room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, J2 to
18; month, ti to 120; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, 318 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to II; week, II 25 to 14; open night.
•*:!."»* Mewnrk.( '<:htorTi;ic.;-f»>i.) oeo, Fclton,
Coa<ilerCrr«k,Bati<frCrii*andWaj
Buttons »3i3»»
*•:»! "»p Newark, Centerrllle, San Joae, New
AlmaileD, I'd ten. Moulder Creek.
Santa On* ami Principal Way
Stations... tl»:."»»a
• •: lap Newark. Baa Joeo. Loa Gatoa •ttia««.
1 1 tt"ip Hunters' Rxcnni'n. San Jom mod
Way Htfttios *,?»»•»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
>siSIG msmCO-fMt of H.rk-t SlrwKSliM)—
'7:16 I.CO 11:00 a.M. tl:00 *2:QO )3:C9
•1:00 tlrOO *C:C3r.«i.
•mOilUlD— r«ol»fßro*Jwij.— V.-.00 8:00 10.004. tf.
113.-00 '1:00 13:00 'XCQ JI«J '3:00 r.w.
THIRD. 403— Sunny rooms from $1 to Jl 60 a
week.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established- at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fts.: open till 9 p. m. -"¦" ¦ ¦ -
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
». 'steamers leave Broadway
te^ wharf, San Francisco:
ftSKfr.,, For Alaskan porta, 10 a. ra.
HpN2*9ftk Feb. 6, 10. 15. 20, 25; Mar. 2.
|©£sr**J»S>{(fc Change to company's steamers
W*y2HMl! 8 Fo/Victoria. Vancouver (B.
BWKfiCiVe&l C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
r"^Bß2s«f*l Tacoma. Everett, Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
'"¦""•'•l. io a. m.. Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25.
Mar 2 and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Feb.
3. 8, 13, IS, 23, 28. Mar. 5. and every nf th day
thereafter. _. _
For Santa Crui. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8, 12, 16. 20, 24, 28, Mar. 4. and
every fourth 'day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port Lo»
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles}, 11 a. m.,
Feb. 2, 6. 1» 14, 18, 22. 28, Mar. 2, and every
fourth day thereafter. • - ¦;_
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Maaatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 8, and 7th
of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain company's
The * company reserves the right to chans*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Arts.,
10 Market st_. San Francisco.
4:Ioa Oceaii V iew, Hmitb tun Fraadaco. . t**i.T»F
•7:tM»4 Ran June **••! Way Stations (New
Alw-tJon Wed.KM.Uysoi.lj) *liS*r
•OtOO* Nui Joao. Tie. riuos. Hnnta Cms,
r*r!flc Orove. Tana Kobloe. - Han
I.iiU Olilano. Surf, Lonpoo ami
Prlnef|wl Way HtHtlnim *lilf»r
>IOil»* f-miJonamni Way NUUons "(JiX-Va
•Ili3Oa Ban Jose aail Way HUtloim •3i3«p
f-ii-i-ir Sail M*t-o. Uedwoorf. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. BanU Clan. «au Joee-,
. . Tres Pino*. Santa Crux. Salinas,
Monterey and rttoiflo Grove tl**!MA
tai.tWf Saa Joßoaml Way SUtlous *7i3Op
flilSr SaaJafeaiKl Principal Way .Station* *'¦>: I*U
tStftOrSanJosoaad Principal Way Stations ttt-.OOA
••»•:»« p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations *fls3*>A
•a>3orSsa Josoamt Way Stations tS:OO*
MlfOr 3a» Jogo ami Way Stations *7l3O?
A LADY with a piano ¦will give lessons In ex-
change for room. Box 4367.
A for Mornlnj P for Afternoon.
¦ Daily. f Hnaitar eseepted. J Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
a Tuesday* and Fridays c Thursdays and Sundays^
A— HOTEL LA NORMANDIE, 826 Eddy; sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; Srst-
claes table and service; hot water in every
room; teleDhone Sutter 147 L
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 Market St.— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or sin-
gle; with or without board; table nrst-class;
reduced rates.
THE 0. R. & N, 00.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC £l 2 First Class Including Berth
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Feb. 17. 27, Mar. 9. 19
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
. .„ Feb. 22, March 4. 14, 24
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
830 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
NEW family hotel; first-class in all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
telect people. 807 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
CHARMING cummer home, Oakland; board
and room; private family of four; suitable
rates. Box 4362, Call office.
HALL room; closet; rood board: private fam-
ily; $15; near Tenth st. Box 4350, Call.
CALIFORNIA NOB IWESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F*rry. Foot of Marb;«t St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN. RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 13:33.
8:80, 6:10. 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p: m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 9:JO. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 8:80.
5:00. 8:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— V.IO. 7:80. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; ll:#>
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips 4 ,
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. J.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:4». 11:19 a. m.; 1:40. 8:49. »C
6:25 p. m /
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Pali.
same schedule as above.
MARRIED.
ANDREWS— HERDEL— In this city, February
24, 1900. by the Rev. William C. Pond. Wil-
liam J. Andrews of South San Francisco and
Mary A. Herdel of San Francisco.
FREDERICKS— HAGGERTY — February 22,
1900, Charles E. Fredericks of San Francisco
and Louisa Hasrserty of San Jose.
LASKEY— HAYES— In this city. February 25.
1900, at the Mizpah Presbyterian Church, by
the Rev. F. A. Doane, Henry M. Laakey and
Jane Etta B. Hayes, both of San Francisco.
LESZYNSKY— BADT— In this city, February
22, 1900. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Edward S.
Leszynsky and Beatrice Badt, both of San
Francisco.
RUMMELSBURG— KUTNER— In this city,
February 25, 1900. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto.
Charles Rummelsburg and Carrie Kutner.
both of San Francisco. .
STEPHANS— TUBB— In this city, 'February 20,
1900, by G. W. F. Cook. Justice of the Peace,
Carl Stephans and Laura Louise Tubb, both
of San Francisco. • •
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market at.— Suite of 2 or $
rms.; private; bath: Fin. rms.: board optional.
O'FARRELL. 742— First-class rooms, with or
without board; $20 up; students special rates.
Leave • Arrrr«
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October I* 1 ¦
Sun- 1899. Sun- We«l«
days. Destination. days. | Days.
VAN NESS, 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board; reasonable; modern conveniences.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
F#>m New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Frlesland Feb. 2S Kensington ...March 21
New York March 'i New York March 23
St. Paul March 14 St. Paul April 4
RED STAR LINE.
New York, arjd Antw«rp.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland. Feb. 2S Kensington ...March 21
Southwark March 7 Noordland March 28
Western land ..March 14 Friesland April 4
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information, regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
j:»un 8:00 ami Novato 110:40 ami 8:40 an»
8:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pmf Santa Rosa, f 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pares, in wrapper, for mailingr. $1 per year.
Fulton. I
1:3(0 am Windsor. 10:25 act
RealdsbursT.
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:88 pm| t:22 pr%
7;Soam| IHopland and I I
I 8:00 amf Uklaa. | 7:35 pm| H:*3 ptjj
LADIES — Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
eend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
7-SOaml I W.ffl aa
I 8:00 ami GucrnerUle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm f 'apu
WANTED known— Mß. LEW H. SCHARER,
late of 22 Mason st., has removed to Call
' building, tenth floor, where he will continue
to give bargains In watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry, silverware, firearms and optical goods;
oaeh or time payments. Office hours — 10 to 6.
1:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ami 1:40 act
and I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. <:0S pm[ 1:23 pm
ROOMS papered, from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 819 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41E Montg-omery «t.. rooms 9-10; tel. E520.
SE\VI.\G MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post «t.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 671 J.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
COMPAONIE 6EHEBALS TBANSATLAHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARI3,
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <4JJS^
Saturday, from November 2. 1899 at ••J B «K*"M"»
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st.: LA TOURAINE. March 1: LA
BRETAGNE. March 8; L'AQTJITAINE. March
16; LA CHAMPAGNE, March 22. First class to
Havre, $60 and upward; 6 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, $43; S per
cent reduction on. round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
ALA-MKIJA REAL ESTATE.
tSO<V— LOT 42x150; Morton-et. station.
Jl6oo— Modern 5-room cottage; Broadway,
near Central aye.; easy terms; $100 down, $20
monthly; convenient to train and schools; this
is a bargain.
$JOOO— 6-room modern cottage; large lot 42x1X0;
stable; Morton-st. station.
$3500— New modern 7-room cottage; Grand St.,
near Alameda aye.; easy Installments; large
lot; snap.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st, Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BAY AND RI VEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main ISOS. j
FARE 60c
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
CHICAGO,
VTA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS.
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO DAILY.
8:30 A. M. and 6:30 P. M.
Effective February 25, 1900.
Get information of Southern Pacific ticket
arents or
GENERAL OFFICE. 1* Montgomery «t-
JUST finished, near the U. C— Thoroughly
well-built bouse of 9 rooms; all modern Im-
provement*; lot 62x160; either for cash or In-
stallments. MASON & McLENATHEN. ad-
joining PoEtofnce, Berkeley.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
AT 110 cash. $5 monthly— Fine lots; the choicest
building site; East Oakland; 8 model homes
Ju*t completed; build your home or.let.ub
build for you, and stop paying rent; have you.
home where the climate excels; no fogs or
cold wind?; soil the best and view the fc-und-
cet; streets all graded and macadamized; city
¦water and sewer: 1 block : from electric car
and near the local trains; good schools and
grand view; Gallndo Tract, adjoining East
Oakland; price {125 upward; call or eend for
circular. 4"* Seventh St.. Oakland; carriage
free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
A— l2ooo, HALF cash; 8 acres, with Improve-
ments; 45 ml nu tea» to San Francinco; 2 rail-
road stations within S minutes' walk; medium
house of 5 rooms, barn, etc.: fine place for
chicken ranch or suburban home: must be
sold. For full particulars apply Immediately,
j. W. LATMANCE. 14 Sanscme St., S. F.
Or 4SO Eighth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office ot The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tisements end mi b«criotion<« received.', -. ¦
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED."
, "Monday, February 26.'
Schr Monterey, Beck. 64 hours frm Cooe Bay.
SAILED. ; , '
- Monday, ; February 26.
Stmr Grace Dollar.* Foeen. ¦ Redondo.
. Stmr Aloha, TJoncensen,' Crescent City.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ' ' -
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb 28— Stmr^ Noyo,
for San Francisco. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HALIFAX, N . S— A rrived Feb 26— Stmr Do-
mlnlon. from Liverpool.
QAKLASD FURXITCRE FOR SALE.
11Brig Pitcairn That Will Attempt to Make Gape Nome Next April.
If Buller can cross the Tugela
And capture the slippery Boer,
He'll . find that his name .
Will be equal in fame
To that of th<» old "Jesse Moore."*
Limoges Chinawarc
Bargains.
Wm Worth Your
Coming jast to See.
Qreat Americaß ImporODn; Tea Ga.
T Store* Everywhere
«oo Store*
Fourth race, one . arid ' one-eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward: selllhg: » . .
(522) None Such. :...106. 841 Rio Chico .......106
623 Mary Klnsella.. lo4' ... Tewanda ....... ..106
Fifth race, six furlongs;: three-year-olds and
upward; puree: ¦ •"-¦¦;.
SOS 8andera".. ..:... .102 837 Dogtown >........ 122
649 True Blue ...... 1W (777)Wsterwick ......104
W Captive... :.122 822 Mountebank ....104
(832) Mortgage 102 752 Bessie Lee m
534 Vesuvian 107 »¦ . * .
¦Sixth race, one and one-sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward: eelllng:.* - / •<-- •
'^)T0ribi0,..:.....:Am\ 823 Einstein .'...:. ..102
770 Red Pirate, 104' 7SO I> n a 104
848 Tappan-.. :..109l 840 Morinel ....... '107
. 812 Perseus ..........102 SlOTopmast .:.....:m
616 Uarda .107 1 (527$ Espionage i . . .. . .\<r
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Loch Katrine. Jael, Pcmgo.
Second race— Sofala, Count Hubert, Modrina.
Third race— Romany. Clarando. Almoner. {.
Fourth race— Mary Klnsella. Rio Chico. None
Such!! '
Fifth race— Mortgage, . Vesuvian, Mountebank.
Sixth race— Tappan, TJarda, , Toriblo.
Sheet Music
Half Price to All
Sherman, Clay & Coi's,
Corner Kearny and Sutter Sts.
LAKCEST STOCK 111 THE ENTIRE WEST.
LIGHTS, MUSIC
AND FEATURES
FOR CARNIVAL
Success of Mardi Gras Ball
to Be Given To-Night Is
Assured.
To-night society will pay Its homageto
the genius of art. The lights were turned
on at Mark Hopkins Institute on the hill
last evening' and, revealed marvels of
beauty in decoration. The main gallery,
known as the Jester's room, and the new
gallery, known as the throne room, did
light up remarkably well. . .
Kverything is in order for the carnival
event to-night. Six hundred and thirty
tickets have already been sold. The cash
receipts from this source and the income
from the sale of boxes puts the Art As
sociation "out of the woods," in a finan
cial sense. It is noted by the manage
ment of the association that society of
the highest grade is giving the enterprise
its most cordial support.
"The music will be the best ever given
under the auspices of the association,"
says Sir Henry Heyman. A string and
reed band of twenty-five pieces will
be placed in the throne room and a band
of twenty in the jester's room.
At 9:30 o'clock the trumpeter will sound
a call for attention. Immediately the
i herald, Theodore Keane, will make an
nouncement to the assembled throng. The
procession will then form and move to
the -music of the stately grand march
from "Tannhauser" through the jester's
room and Court of Beauty to the throne
in the new art gallery. When the proces
sion has passed the throne Prince Carni
val will proclaim the reign of merriment
and then the festivities will begin.
The music will embrace . waltzes com
posed by the elder Strauss, father of the
great Johann Strauss. Music of Lanner
and Gungl will delight the dancers. As
the hours glide by the. band will play the
modern music of Sullivan, Sousa, Victor
Herbert and Waldteufel. Melodies an I
familiar coon songs will not get the over
look. ¦ .
The managers of the affair desire If to
be known that no one other than mem
bers of the committee will be permitted
to remain-in the vise room. If the plans
laid by Edward ' M. Greenway are ex
ecuted the spectators in the boxes and
the general throng of onlookers will see a
procession worthy of review.
The finishing touches will be placed on
the decorations - to-day, and thorough
tests of the lighting apparatus will be ap
plied." No doubt additional applications
for tickets of admission will be mad" to
day by persons holding Invitations. There
are assurances that many original and
beautiful' costumes will be seen In the
marching column. . » •>¦ i
GREAT FINISH
TO THE GUNST
AT OAKLAND
Rosormonde, With ; Jenkins
Up, Downs Storm King
by a Short Nose.
Splendid Sport in Which All Six
Favorites Beach the Wire
First — Books Are Hard
Hit.
Just the loss of a jockey's whip cost
the black horse Storm King's backers a
pot of money at Oakland yesterday, and
the mishap no doubt returned Bosor
monde, the consistent and game daugh
ter of Ormonde and Fairy Rose, winner
of the Gunst stake. The $1500 prise was
the feature of the card on reopening day
at the track over the bay, attracting a
field of Elx to the post. Bendoran had
been allotted top weight by the handi
ctpper, 130 pounds, and the crowd looked
to ccc the big horse fight It out for flrat
place with Kosormonde, carrying 11*.
vVhen the horses were called there was
little to choose between the pair in the
betting, although the mare probably did
«njoy a slight call. Storm King, with 101
pounds in the saddle, warmed up so well
thsa the books were quickly compelled
to <~ut the 15 to 1 against him. Botn the
three-year-old Flamora and Imperious as
well had a respectful following. Strange
to say, everybody .was nght a&ain. Spen
cer sailed away at a. t«*rnttc ctip on £»en
doran, chased Djr Fiamora, and when the
Etretch was reached they were fit subjects
for the undertaker. Powell on &torm King
loomed up as a dangerous candidate. Op
posite the trainers' stand, Jenkins man
aged to get Kosoimonde up on equal
terms srltn the black, while both lads
were rtaing like Trojans. When the game
was hottest. Powell lost his whip, and
though striving desperately to hoid the
lead, was outridden and beaten by the
pcantest of noses, the gallant mare run
ning the mile anil a Sixteenth in l:4t>Vj.
Bendoran, with his big impost up. was a
very crcditabie third, three lengtns away.
Fiamora was unfortunate i-nougn 'to
throw one or her plates early during the
struggle and later was cut oS lii the
etretcu by iiendoran.
It is a refreshing fact to relate that
favorites showed tuUCfl better form than
at Ihe tjan Matco County track, taking
ail tix events on the cara. Tne weather
wae yeriect tor racing purposes and the
track fast.
The fast youngster Corn Cake started
Jor the. nrst time In the colors of Book
maker Caesar \oung in the scramble for
two-year-olds, liis price went trom 7 to
10 to even money, and he won easing up
from Impromptu, combermarie, a varm
tip. backed Irom S down to 16 to 5, was
nosed out for the show by Socapa.
Pat Morritisey came out fresh and
frisky as a two-year-old, taking the seven
furlong telling run, with 13 to 20 about
him in the ring. Thorpe had him in front
from, the start, winning comparatively
easily. Don Luis was the contender
throughout. Colonel Koot, a 100 to 1 shot,
experienced a return of speed, finishing a
close third.
To Johnny Bullman's persuasive saddle
work more than anything else can be
ascribed the victory of \\ yoming in the
mile, decided under selling conditions.
Played down to 6 to 5 favoritism. Wyom
ing assumed the front position when half
the route had been tramped, and h«rd
ridden ihe last sixteenth downed Socialist
a length. Jenkins, astrike Racivan, fin
ished third.
It looked very much as if Jenkins threw
the fiftn race away. With .the leg up on
Scotch Plaid, equal choice in the betting
with Tappan. he beat the barrier, but* in
stead of going on held the bay horse un
der forty wraps to the stretch. When it
came to a drive he was collared and
l*eaten out by Bullman. riding Tappan in
slow time:
Looking ai: the best of the eight start
ers in the final six furlong sprint, the ring '
laid 5 to. 2 against Novia in the first bet
ting. T. Walsh rode the mare, and" she
after racing Peace to a standstill, won
very cleverly from Pompino. Jingle Jin
gle, under Phelans weak riding, was a
good third.
Track Notes.
Seventeen bookmakers cut in. -
Harlem and Lakeside stakes close on
March L
Bookmaker Fred Cook is reported to be
P3JOQQ winner on the season.
After Tappan had won Albert Simon,
trainer of Scotch Plaid, bid the winner
from 54W up to $1200. The stable retained
him.
Following are the weights for the Burns
handicap (Jlo.OOOt. as announced by Mr
Brooks yesterday: Two-year-olds and
upward. Horses not declared before 1
p. m. the day preceding the race to be
liable for full starting fee. Winners of
any race other than a selling purse after
weights are announced to carry . five
pounds extra; if handicapped at less than
weight for age. seven pounds extra.. To
be run Saturday, March 3, 1900. One mile
and a quarter.
Br.dcrsn 114, Dr. Sbeppard 120, Tlmemaker
11C, Arbacea 122. Salvable lli, What-er-Lou 118
Meadowthorpe 106, Morelllto 110 Rulnart lV
L/avld Ter.ny I*. Sat*uma IM, Ottler Joe 104,'
Tempo 100. First Call 100. Eddie Jones 107 In-
Ftallator 100. Schiller SO, Topmast 108. Huckwa
lit. Marcato 10S. Forte 102. Acrobat 102, Dr.
Bernays 105. Plan 101. Imperious i 4. Pat llor
rissey 102, St. Cuthbert 93, Don Luis 9J, Per
ponne I*3, Tullsmore 90. Jiurmah 95. Colonel
Root M, Ro*ormonde 116. Rosinante 103. Mor
lrel 102. N&p&roax 107, Monrovia 9J, :farda 103
Reolia 90, Alleviate >0. 6am McKeever 100. For
tnero K2. King Carnival 101, Dr. .tembula 106,
Sen. I.i"i 110. Montanus 95. Mallakwa 110 Ob
eldian 101. Pave nsham $3, First Tenor 110, Olin
thus 105. Malay 10", Ventoro 114. Casdale ¦Sa,
Etromo ;<O, Euterpe 65. Advanre Guard 112 F*
V. Bn*Se 115. Erwin 400. Tar Hill 100. Bathos
57. Conrte'.lator SS, Redwald S5. Boundlee i 5.
Flora Bird 85. Edrardo iZ, Norford 35, Limerick
£3. Mountebank 83, St, AppolHnarts 83. Kalos
K-0, Favorlto iZ, Princess Zr'ika >0, Bee Bee SO,
Bit of .Fashion 97, La' Borgia 85, My Gipsejr S3
Horeen not declared by 4 p. m. Tuesday are
In for 130 additional.
To-Day'e Entries.
Firet race, six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upwtrd; purse: • , . .
Tc: WIM Het 117 f «70 Tammany '..li»
tIT jßel 117' rug Pongo ..-..1i;
742 Glen Anne 1171 7*o Wlnyah .....102
HI Loch Katrine ..102 ¦
Second race, four furlongs; .'.two-year-olds:
rum*:
(-eT)Count Hubert ..112! ... Modder ...110
... Ma4rlna 107 KJ Aphrodls 101
• ... fipindle 110 (SSS)Svifala ltf
race. Futurity course; four-year-olde;
e<4fling: ..... . . «
H2 Gold Baron lMj 766 Clarendo 102
7^. Cr«ker .104 756 Stronsroll 114
%6 Lulu W id 7*6 The Last 112
724 Repelong 117' 749 Almoner 114
tl% TiUae 112 704 Romany 104
7SS Ann I'age lC2t .
Even the optimist* who sees nothing but
sunshine. is shy about lending bis um-
brella to a friend.
Catarrh, Deafness^
Diseases Positively Cured by
DR. COTTINGHAM'S '^Si.
204 Sutler St., NW. Cor. Kearny.
Hour*— 9 to 12 a. m. ; 1 to 3 and 7 to J p. m.
PR FF Aa $ onest J Tiai ot one weak. fiV* a
*•%»-»*-• to show the superior merit of th«
new treatment. 20C0 test case*— 9s per cant
cured. Call at once or write.
HENSXIAW. BLXKLET4 CO.. Pumps.Ste.am aa4
' Ga»«lin# Engine*. Uollem. 28 and ZS **retaoau
Dr. Parker's Cou*h Cure. One dose will itop.
a cough. * Never fails. Try it. All druggists. *
", 1
The Iowa to Be Docked.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2s.— Admiral
Kautz is expected to arrive at San Fran
cisco on his flagship, the lowa, about
March 20. He Is now in Mexican waters
engaged In annual maneuvers and drill.
At San Francisco he will transfer, his flag
to the Philadelphia and the lowa will be
sent to Bremerton naval station on Puget
Sound to be docked.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
COURT NOTES.
Charles Jacobson, watchman on the
water, front, was yesterday held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Mogan on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon for stabbing John Iverson
in a Berry-street saloon during a dispute
about 50 cents.
Frank de Santi and ' L. de Santi. dairy
men in South San Francisco, were each
fined $10 by Judge Mogan yesterday, the
former for exhibiting a deadly weapon
and the latter for battery upon Deputy
Poundkeeper John Shea while the latter
was impounding their cows about ten
days ago.
Edward Lydon, the young man who
threw a rock through a plate glass win
dow in the Claus Spreckels building Sun
day, pleaded guilty in Judge Fritz's court
yesterday and was ordered to appear for
sentence this morning.
Special Employe Appointed.
Port Collector Jackson yesterday ap
pointed William P. Simpson special em
ploye, vice. Theodore K. Romaine, pro
moted. "Special employe" is the new
name for "classified laborer" adopted by
the Civil Service Commission, and here
after every new appointee In that depart
ment will be known by the new : name.
The salary is $70 a month, r '¦¦'?; y -> -¦¦ ¦
Successful business houses take advantage of
printing: facilities of Mysell-Rolllns. 22 Clay. •
Threatened by a Woman.
Mrs. Harvey Adams, 175 Clara street,
was arrested yesterdy on a warrant
charging her with threats against life.
The complaining witness Is Wolf Baron,
701 Larkin street. Baron alleges that Mrs.
Adams illegally claims the house in
which she lives and when he went to her
last Thursday and asked her to quit she
seized an ax and chased him out of the
house, threatening to kill him if he fe~
turned.
TO UNLOAD THE DEAD
FROM THE HANCOCK
Preparations to Receive the Bodies
With Fitting Military
. ftv Honors.
This morning the work of unloading the
dead from the transport Hancock will
commence. It is expected that before
night at least 250 will have been landed.
The Hancock brought 505 bodies home,
which, with those that have been re
turned on other transports, make a total
of 1136 bodies received from the islands.
The bodies landed to-day will be met
at the Presidio wharf by a detachment
from Battery O, Third .Artillery, which
will escort them to the buildings where
they will await the disposal of relatives.
Francis J; Hammer, private of Com
pany L of the Seventeenth Infantry, and
Charles Roberts, private of Company B of
the Twenty-first Infantry, died at the
general hospital yesterday.
Major William Monaghan. additional
paymaster, U. S. V., and Major William
\V. Gilbert, paymaster, U. S., A., have
been ordered to proceed on the Thomas
to- Manila for duty there..
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
. (Copyright, 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Monday, February 26. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
A FRACTIOUS TEAM
CAUSES A STAMPEDE
A team of horses attached to a light
dray ran away on Market street last even
ing, causing a stampede among pedestri
ans who were hurryin? to their homes.
One of the horses finally fell and was so
badly crippled that it had to be killed.
The team belonged to William Schust
ler and was being driven by "Jack" Mc-
Carthy, an experienced horseman. When
near Third street one of the horses be
came unmanageable and started to run.
In his anxiety to check "the horse Mc-
Carthy dropped the reins and the
team dashed up Market street, with Mc-
Carthy clinging to the seat to save him
self from being thrown off. At Fourth
street the frightened animals swerved
from the pavement to the sidewalk,
stampeding the crowd of men and women
and narrowly escaped wrecking the front
of the Cafe Royal. At this Juncture one
of the horses fell, breaking its leg, and
Poundmaster Waldron, at the request or
McCarthy, promptly relieved the animal
of its sufferings.
SCENES ON THE COURSE BEFORE AND AFTER THE RACE.
BODY OF NEW-BORN
INFANT THROWN AWAY
The dead body of a fully developed mala
infant was found yesterday in an unoc
cupied lot at the intersection of Missis
sippi and Army streets, tied In a sack.
The discovery was made by John Wil-
son, John Kearney and Thomas Lyons,
whose curiosity was aroused by the ap
pearance of ,the sack. The ghastly find
was taken to the Potrero police station,
where it was examined by Dr. J. A. Simp
son. The skull had been crushed, evi
dently by strong pressure, as there were
no abrasions to show that any blows had
been struck.
The body was taken to the Morgue for
an autopsy to establish or disprove the
theory of murder.
Hole's.
Hales.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1900.
GOLD HUNTERS
WHO WILL TAKE
MANY CHANCES
Pitcairn Sails Thursday on
a Bold Attempt to Make
Nome in April,
Steamer South Coast in Trouble In
the Bay — Movement of (Trans
ports and Disposition of
Soldier Dead.
The passengers and crew of the ex
missionary brig Pitcairn are. going to
make a bold attempt to be the first at
Cape Nome in the spring.. In spite of
the fact that steamboat men and whalers
all agree that it will.be a waste of time
to start before April, at the earliest, Cap
tain Nesbitt is confident that he will' be
able to land his passengers and their.bag
gage on the shore ice some time in v.at
month. In 'order to do that, the. Pitcairn
is to sail for St. Lawrence Island next
Thursday. On leaving the Golden Gate
she, will stand out to the westward until
the Japan current is met. Then a course
for St. Lawrence Island will be laid.
Last year and the year before there
was no flow of ice between March. 29 and
April 19 in the straits, and Captain Nes
bltt expects the same conditions to pre
vail this year. Should his surmises prove
to be correct, the Pltcairn will go from
St. Lawrence Island to the shore ice that
imprisons Cape Nome, and over it the
gold hunters will make their way to the
new El Dorado. After landing the pas
sengers, the Pitcairn will be taken to
Port Clarence and laid up.
The people on the Pitcairn have con
sidered all' chances, however, and are
willing to 'run the risks. Among those
who are going are: A. B. Couch, L. A.
Petton. G. Kelly. O. M. - Paris. Ed Short,
J. L. Woods, Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Gold
stein, W. D. Montgomery.. J. W. Staples,
H. F. Pierce, William Plasterer. H. H.
Hixson. Charles Condon. R. H. Woods,
H. L. Burleson. G. R. Parish. E. L. Tret
ten and T. Richards. 'They all expect to
be in Nome City before April 30.
Captain J. F. Higgins died at his home
in Berkeley yesterday. He was. formerly
master of the Excelsior and took the
first load of • passengers to St. Michaels
on her- that ever went through to the
Klondike.
Reinsurance on the overdue ships Annie
Thomas and May Flint took another Jump
yesterday. The Thomas went to 60 jper
cent and the Flint to 35 per cent. The
former is on her way from Cardiff 'to
Acapulco and the latter from Hongkong
to Tacoma. . .
The steamer South Coast got Into trou
ble early yesterday morning while on her
way to Vallejo street wharf. A clever
scow captain had anchored his boat about
100 yards from .the end of one of the
Wharves and then ran a line from the
scow to the shore. The South Coast came
along and picked the rope up in her
wheel. It took two divers over an hour
to cut the rope away in order that the
steamer might get to sea again.
Captain' Malmros has taken command
of the.barkentlne Leslie D, vice Captain
Peterson, resigned.
The ex-transport Manauense goes to
Xanaimo, B. C. Wednesday to load coal
for Honolulu. The transport Indiana sails
to-day and the Thomas next Thursday
for Manila with stores. The remains of
the dead soldiers were to have been re
moved from the Hancock yesterday.
There was so much disinfecting gas in
the holds, however, that the men could
not work, so the bodies will not be moved
until to-day. , \%irg&fe3Bl!s&§B£sl
f- ¦¦•-, tH<&,;;r> commences '
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ nla - * economical buyers will do well
: SalQ/ to be on hand early.
Jf|| new golf
ipgfe skirtings.
J^/w/ku these new goods, that smack so
t^AfQ^f strongly of. the up-to-date, out-of-
W7° «\/ oor S ir l» are *^ c correct thing for
I -4^/ street wear, the patterns — plaids,
jv\ I of course — are new and chic, and
Ji \j the wearing qualities are unequaled
fi V fancy plaid— the 'handsome rough zit*llne sur-
f '/ fl \ face, full 46 Inches wide, In the very newest
II iV coforingsand all the new pastel tints. C|^AA
/ / \\ peryaid -.— •- I|UU
if WS rcvcrsiblo suitings— for golf costumes or
> separate skirts; comes in; plain cheviot surface
flKte£-—^k^sT with handsome plaid back; no lining necessary;
an extra heavy qualify and all staple O SO
¦¦ 11811 colors; 54 inches wide, per yard .P^.^v
wash goods — new importations
here are the late arrivals for the summer girl, whoever it is that sets
the fashions has said that plaid* and stripes must prevail this season-
not ordinary plaids or the same old stripes, however, but some new and
beautiful designs of both, come in and see them for yourself,
madras and zephyrs— new flannel shirting — new silk
importations of wash fabrics in stripe, 36 inches wide; .cream
plaids and lancy strip; mixtures erO unds and pink, blu= and lav-
for waists and dresses; - some ** . . , ._« -» ,„«.
at 35c a yard, but many c r ender strl P«? som; at 50C 35 C
at..." *5C a yard and others at OD^
black .grenadine — new importations, 29 inche.s wide; c^ 4-q 50c
figures nnd stripes, per yard....- .'.'.„..*.'... ...^...... *»**^* lvr vv
our millinery buyer has returned from the East.
, .... write for new sprint catalogue— mailed free. I
i^ - __ ;_; _ 1^ — —— -—^—^~ .^ ¦ — ¦ '. Z — T^Z.
S44. FIRST RACE—3 1/4 furlongs; selling; maiden 2-year-old colts and geldings; purse, $300
Time— 3-16, :ISU; T-16, :42. Fair Ftart. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving. Winner.
Caesar Young'e eh. c. by The Hero-Mattie Lrtick. Socapa beat the gate, but Is no stayer.
Corn Cake Is a fast one. Comber-mere will bear watching.
S45. SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward: purse, $350.
Time— H, :13; H. :37; %, 1:02; %, 1:27V4. Good start. Won easily. Second driving. Third
easily. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. g. by Lord Cllfden-Tennie B. Morrlssey was
urged along some toward the end. Colonel Root recovered his speed suddenly. Montallade
prgrly^^dj^^iara^c^iedj;^!^ _^^^^,_^
S46. THIRD RACK — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $400
Time— U. :25\i; H. :50»i: *i. UlSfol mile, I:4L Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
J. G. Brown & Co.'s.b. K. by Pardee-Caprlce. Wyoming hard pressed. Essence cut oft
on hack stretch. Mont Eacle of no account. Formatus showed no speed. Scratched—
•T^rinkleTwlnklOOj^T^rajle^
S47. FOURTH RACE—1 1-14 miles: Gunst handicap: 3-year-olds and upward: purse. $1500
Time— l-16. :064; 5-16. :30; 9-16, :54^; 13-18. l:20H: m. 1:40; 1-16 m.*l:46H. Fair start. Won
flr»t three driving. Winner, J. Naelee Burk's b. m. by Imp. . Ormonde-Imp. .Fairy • Rose.
Winner outfooted first part, finished with ereat courage." Powell on .Storm .King lost his
whip a sixteenth from home. Bcndoran stopped. Flamora cut oft In stretch; she also
threw one nf her hind plates. Scratched— Dr. Sheppard 122, "Pat -Morrlssey 104, Uarda 100
Flower of Gold 87. ¦ .*-•".*•*/< ••/ , . . .
S48. FIFTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling:three-year-olds and up: purse $400.
Time— l-16. :07; 5-16, :53«4; 9-16. 1:00; 13-16. 1:20; m, 1:44H: 1 1-16 m,. -1:50. Bad start. Won
firnt thre* driving. Winner. W. It. Larzelere'u? br. ' g. by Powhattan-Flnlcal. .Tenkfn« on
Scotch Plaid threw race away. He; beat ,the jjate and then took his mount back. I Horton
away poorly. Del Paso very lame. . •• i." ¦ .. .- - ¦ »
S49. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs : selling :four-year-olds and upward : purse. $400..
Time— v; £4U: .%. :«*: *4. 1:14.-. Good start. Won all out. Second and third drlvlns. ; Win
ner, A. B. Spreckels' b. m.by Imp. Isllngton-Hlleen. Novia th* best. Peace quit. ' Pom
?ln?? ln ? ?£* li iAen X° b fst advantage. Jin«le had her speed. St. Cuthbert quit. ' Scratched—
Jael 102. Merry Boy 107, Rosalbra 102. _
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS.
GAVE GOLD-Krogh Mfg. Co.. I Strvensott
*t. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pump*.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine gold. In dally operation at 234
Beale st.. San Francisco.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improred Gold Separator 4k Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. 19 Strvenaon at.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No qaiek-
• Ilver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spe*r.
DREDGING PUMPS
Oil. Gasoline, Steam Hoists, Centrifugal
Pumps. Engines and Boilers. JOSHUA HENDT
MACHINE WORKS, 40 Fremont st.
STEAM ENGINHS.
Call and see the lightest, cheapest, special Cap*
Nome steam engine; working parts completely
Inclosed; $55 to t 253 for 1 to SO horsepower; '
weights SO to 1400: one operating at BIX EN-
GINEERING AND SUPPLY CO.. 615 Howard.
GASOLINE ENGINE*.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is flllin*
tars* numbers of orders for Norn*. I*l- us
First St.. 8. K. .
OILS, s
X.UBRICATXKO Oil. Crud» ¦ Oil and Oasotln*.
ENSIGN * McOUFFICK. U Sp«ar St.. 9. T.
PLATES FO3 SAVING: GOLD.
Schaezleln tc Burridge, ) Hardle plac«. OS
Kearny, between Sutter and Bush streets.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Lift OoM-Bcarlng Bands perfectly. la opera-
tion at 125 Sixth st. BTRO.V JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply trech or salt water for state* bases;
high or low Hit*. Slmonds. 23 Market st.
E.NGI>ES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER ft HAMILTON. Engines and Botlen;
lowest prices on tfco coast. Pin* * Da»l» sts.
TENTS AND COVERS. _'* \
NeviT.T.K A CO.. manufacturers, bar*, tents,
covers. SXar.d 33 California St.
ADVERTISEMENTS
12
ndex. Horse. ]
T« Corn Cake
767 Impromptu ...
767 Socapa
... Corabfrm*re ..
7*B Billy Lyons
... Carlovlngian ..
767 Richard S
708 Feut Etre
... Charenton
Wel6ht-lSt.
1C8" 2
113 3
110 1
115 7
U8 8
113 4
115 10
113 5
118 9
:::
1 1%
3H
2 4
4 3
E 2
7 2
8 40
6 2
9
Str.
1 3
2 2
3 »,4
4 6
6 1
71
8 IS
9
I I Bettln*.
Fin. I Jockeyg. |Op. - Cl.
14 T. Walsh 4-5 1
2 3 Jenkins 5-2 4
3»4 Thorpe 6 8
410 Spencer * 7-2
6 1 Kulz 20 100
6 1 Henry 20 75
7 1 Buchanan 20 60
820 E. Ron 20 100
9 Bullman 5 60
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
75* Pat Moniseey. 6....10S 2
770 Don Luis, 5 10S 3
S3l Colonel Root, 5 106 4
KZ Montallade. a 108 1
(7W) Dolcre. 6 10« 7
£29 Tom Cromwell, a. ..11l 5
C 65 O'Connor, 4 103 8
... Henrietta G, 6 IOS 6
Una.
1 h
2 1
4 1
3 h
6 2
7 3
8
5 1
1 h
22
3 Mi
4 4
66
7 3
8
6 H
14m.
1 1
2 1
3 3
43
h 2
7 2
8 1
8
Str.
1 H
2 2
32
42
5 4 '
6 1
7 2
8
Fin.
1 2
24
3 h
* hi
6 4
6 4
7 5
8
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
"Thorpe I^2 3^5
Henry 10 1C
Hennessey ... 40 100
T. Walsh 2 11-S
Buchanan .... 20 40
E. Rosa 10 30
J. Woods 12 1C
Morse 30 100
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
K7 Wyoming, a 107 4
m Socialist, 5 108 1
CM Kacivan, 4 104 2
733 Alicia, a 105 5
(7«1) Essence, 2 92 8
BJO Miss Soak, a 100 6
*19 Mont Eagle, 3 92 3
S3S Formatus, 3 S4 7
Sll Heartless. 4 55 9
Urn.
3~1
1 1
2 4
E h
4 h
7 3
8 3
9
6 %
Hm.
2 1
l H
3 1
4 tt
5 2
7 2
8 tt
9
6%
In
22
3 4
4 4
52
6 4
8 2
9
7 2 -
Str.
1 1
2 1
3 S
4 1
6 4
63
72
8 3
9
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op.
1 1 IBullman 8-5
2 1H Spencer 3
3 6 Jenkins 4
4 1 Devln 10
6 S Ranch 6
8 1 J. Daly 40
7 3 J. Martin 7
8 5 Fauntleroy ... 10
9 T. Walsh 16
Cl.
6-5
9-2
9-2
40
12
200
¦20
12
43
Index Hint, Age. VVHght-lSt.
Ttl Ho»ormonde, 6 114 S
BJ7 Storm King, 6 101 3
(7XI) Eendoran. 5 130 4
717 Constellator. 3 88 6
7« Flamora. 3 100 1
758 Imperious, 5 103 2
Km.
6 1
3 1
1 H
6
2 2
4 tt
Ml
3 2
1 H
5 hi
2 2
6
4 2
3 %
1 1
6 S
2 h
6
Str.
2 h
5 1
1 h
6 5
4 1
6
Fin.
1 na
2 3
3%
4 1
5 6
6
I Jockey*. |Op. ci.
Jenkins ....... 2 11-5
I. P0we11.."..;. 10 W
Spencer.;.:.... ' 2 11-5
Fauntl*roy ... 10 15
Henry 3 ls-5
E. Ross g 9
nqyx Horse. Age, n
~M7 Tappan. 6
tl9 Scotch Plaid. 5..
(758) Horton, 4
745 Judge Woftord,
?."»!• Del Paso 11. a..
velj
4.
ignt.ist.
..109 4 ~
..109 1
..107 5
... 99 3
...112 2
4 3
5
2 V 4 ¦
4m.
3 n .
1 h...
4 h
,22;.
.;5 ¦ '
3 H
. lh
4 3-
.: 2 h
' :6- • ¦
¦ Str.
' 2 l»4 •
1 2
'.¦44-
6
Fin.
1 n •
2.4
3 12
"4 2
5
I .Jockeys: |Qp. Cl.
• Bullman- — .. g-5 ¦ 8-5
Jenkins ......; 8-5 8-5
T. Walsh....:, 5-2 lfr,s
J." T. Woods.: 25 10<J
Spencer 4-6
naex. Morse. Age. weiirnt.;st.
766 No via, 5 ICI '1
S« Pomplno. 4.......... 101 5
774 Jingle Jingle. 4..... 99 7
(806) Peace. 4..;........... 89 -3
E34 Momentum. 5.. 107 6
896 St. Cuthbert. 5 104 4
834 Lady Britannic. -€.-.. 102 2
*22 Orion, a 101 6
%m.
Mm. ¦
J% j
63
4 h ¦'-
1 b
8
32
71
62
Vtm:-
1 h
53
** ¦
•8 •
32 .
7 1
6 3 '
Str:
1 h
4 1
¦ 62
2 h
6 1
7 1
8
Fin.
1 1
¦ 2 1
3 1,
4 n
6 h i
• 8
| Jockeyg. |Qp. ci.
T.Walsh 5-2 B^s
Ranch '.'. 4 5
Phelan 5 7
Henry 3 7-2
I. Powell 15 V 20
E. R055....... 6 • 7
J. Martin:.'.-.. 30^100
Jenkins ?:.... 10 ' 30
ndex. Horse. ]
T« Corn Cake
767 Impromptu ...
767 Socapa
... Corabfrm*re ..
7*B Billy Lyons
... Carlovlngian ..
767 Richard S
708 Feut Etre
... Charenton
Wel6ht-lSt.
1C8" 2
113 3
110 1
115 7
U8 8
113 4
115 10
113 5
118 9
:::
1 1%
3H
2 4
4 3
E 2
7 2
8 40
6 2
9
Str.
1 3
2 2
3 »,4
4 6
6 1
71
8 IS
9
I I Bettln*.
Fin. I Jockeyg. |Op. - Cl.
14 T. Walsh 4-5 1
2 3 Jenkins 5-2 4
3»4 Thorpe 6 8
410 Spencer * 7-2
6 1 Kulz 20 100
6 1 Henry 20 75
7 1 Buchanan 20 60
820 E. Ron 20 100
9 Bullman 5 60
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
75* Pat Moniseey. 6....10S 2
770 Don Luis, 5 10S 3
S3l Colonel Root, 5 106 4
KZ Montallade. a 108 1
(7W) Dolcre. 6 10« 7
£29 Tom Cromwell, a. ..11l 5
C 65 O'Connor, 4 103 8
... Henrietta G, 6 IOS 6
Una.
1 h
2 1
4 1
3 h
6 2
7 3
8
5 1
1 h
22
3 Mi
4 4
66
7 3
8
6 H
14m.
1 1
2 1
3 3
43
h 2
7 2
8 1
8
Str.
1 H
2 2
32
42
5 4 '
6 1
7 2
8
Fin.
1 2
24
3 h
* hi
6 4
6 4
7 5
8
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
"Thorpe I^2 3^5
Henry 10 1C
Hennessey ... 40 100
T. Walsh 2 11-S
Buchanan .... 20 40
E. Rosa 10 30
J. Woods 12 1C
Morse 30 100
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
K7 Wyoming, a 107 4
m Socialist, 5 108 1
CM Kacivan, 4 104 2
733 Alicia, a 105 5
(7«1) Essence, 2 92 8
BJO Miss Soak, a 100 6
*19 Mont Eagle, 3 92 3
S3S Formatus, 3 S4 7
Sll Heartless. 4 55 9
Urn.
3~1
1 1
2 4
E h
4 h
7 3
8 3
9
6 %
Hm.
2 1
l H
3 1
4 tt
5 2
7 2
8 tt
9
6%
In
22
3 4
4 4
52
6 4
8 2
9
7 2 -
Str.
1 1
2 1
3 S
4 1
6 4
63
72
8 3
9
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op.
1 1 IBullman 8-5
2 1H Spencer 3
3 6 Jenkins 4
4 1 Devln 10
6 S Ranch 6
8 1 J. Daly 40
7 3 J. Martin 7
8 5 Fauntleroy ... 10
9 T. Walsh 16
Cl.
6-5
9-2
9-2
40
12
200
¦20
12
43
Index Hint, Age. VVHght-lSt.
Ttl Ho»ormonde, 6 114 S
BJ7 Storm King, 6 101 3
(7XI) Eendoran. 5 130 4
717 Constellator. 3 88 6
7« Flamora. 3 100 1
758 Imperious, 5 103 2
Km.
6 1
3 1
1 H
6
2 2
4 tt
Ml
3 2
1 H
5 hi
2 2
6
4 2
3 %
1 1
6 S
2 h
6
Str.
2 h
5 1
1 h
6 5
4 1
6
Fin.
1 na
2 3
3%
4 1
5 6
6
I Jockey*. |Op. ci.
Jenkins ....... 2 11-5
I. P0we11.."..;. 10 W
Spencer.;.:.... ' 2 11-5
Fauntl*roy ... 10 15
Henry 3 ls-5
E. Ross g 9
nqyx Horse. Age, n
~M7 Tappan. 6
tl9 Scotch Plaid. 5..
(758) Horton, 4
745 Judge Woftord,
?."»!• Del Paso 11. a..
velj
4.
ignt.ist.
..109 4 ~
..109 1
..107 5
... 99 3
...112 2
4 3
5
2 V 4 ¦
4m.
3 n .
1 h...
4 h
,22;.
.;5 ¦ '
3 H
. lh
4 3-
.: 2 h
' :6- • ¦
¦ Str.
' 2 l»4 •
1 2
'.¦44-
6
Fin.
1 n •
2.4
3 12
"4 2
5
I .Jockeys: |Qp. Cl.
• Bullman- — .. g-5 ¦ 8-5
Jenkins ......; 8-5 8-5
T. Walsh....:, 5-2 lfr,s
J." T. Woods.: 25 10<J
Spencer 4-6
naex. Morse. Age. weiirnt.;st.
766 No via, 5 ICI '1
S« Pomplno. 4.......... 101 5
774 Jingle Jingle. 4..... 99 7
(806) Peace. 4..;........... 89 -3
E34 Momentum. 5.. 107 6
896 St. Cuthbert. 5 104 4
834 Lady Britannic. -€.-.. 102 2
*22 Orion, a 101 6
%m.
Mm. ¦
J% j
63
4 h ¦'-
1 b
8
32
71
62
Vtm:-
1 h
53
** ¦
•8 •
32 .
7 1
6 3 '
Str:
1 h
4 1
¦ 62
2 h
6 1
7 1
8
Fin.
1 1
¦ 2 1
3 1,
4 n
6 h i
• 8
| Jockeyg. |Qp. ci.
T.Walsh 5-2 B^s
Ranch '.'. 4 5
Phelan 5 7
Henry 3 7-2
I. Powell 15 V 20
E. R055....... 6 • 7
J. Martin:.'.-.. 30^100
Jenkins ?:.... 10 ' 30