Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. Feb. 27.— Senor AEoncillo, the Filipinos' foreign representative, had
published in all the French papers to-day an "official telegram" announcing
that an American column had been completely routed near Santo. Tomas,
Batangas, by a Filipino column under General Malvar. The Filipino's had
taken forty prisoners, including t'ne American commander and several offi
cers, besides capturing 100 horses, many guns and all the Americans', provisions
and ammunition. . '•' .V. • •,
• ""1 « oi'petch pcos on to pay that the army of the Filipinos Is "more and more
animated daily by the spirit of Independence and by the resolution to continue
tho fight to the bitter end. It may be said the war is only begun, since Agu
iniACo has broken up his army to wape guerrilla warfare— a course which al
ready has produced most favorable results." . , 4
Senor Agoncillo. when questioned as to the source of his information, said:. .
-I never gave out a piece of news that has not been exact or that has not since
been confirmed. This information comes from a reliable source, which it is pos
sible is neither known nor suspected. I cannot tell-when it came or whence it
ermnates. but guarantee Us entire trustworthiness, for it has been thoroughly
"The Filipinos never have been conquered, and never will be. They have 60.
000 fghtlng men. ammunition is not wanting and guerrilla wa. fare, if things taWe
a Hill turn, can be continued for centuries. The advantages .are on our side.
•The temporary lull in activity is only for the purpose of gaining time, and
the niipinos will start in afresh and the United States will rind it^ore impos
sible to obtain submission than has England to beat the Boers. It cannot be
The San Francisco Call.
Having Disposed of His Prisoners of i^s^||^|p^§^tsp;l§ Ready to Continue His
Advance — Buller, Doing Some Despefate-,Fightihg, Before- LadysMith, and Has
LONDON, Feb. 27.— The War Office has received the following dis
patch from Lord Roberts:
"PAARDEBERG, Feb. 27 (11 o'clock, Tuesday morning).—
From, information furnished to me daily by the intelligence department
it became apparent that General Cronje's force was becoming more de
pressed and that the discontent of the troops and the discord among the j
leaders vras rapidly increasing. This feeling was doubtless accentuated
by the disappointment caused when the Boer reinforcements which tried
to relieve General Crcnje were defeated by our troops on February 23.
I resolved, therefore, to bring pressure to bear upon the enemy. Each
night the trenches were pushed forward toward the enemy's. Jaager. so .aa^ _
to gracnallycontract his position and at the same time I bombarded.it
heavily with artillery, which was yesterday materially aided by the ar
rival of four six-inch howitzers which I ordered up from De Aar. In
isrrying out these measures a captive balloon gave great assistance by
seeping us informed of the disposition and movements of the enemy.
"At. 3 a. m. tc-day a most dashing advance was made by the Cana
dian regiment and some engineers, supported by the Gordon Highland
;rs and Second Shropshires, resulting in our gaining a point some 600
jrards rearer th; enemy and within about eighty yards of his trenches,
where our men entrenched themselves and maintained their positions
until morning, a gallant deed worthy of our colonial comrades, and which,
I am glad to say, was attended by comparatively slight loss.
"This apparently clinched matters, for at daylight to-day a letter
6ig-ned by Cronje, in which he stated that he surrendered uncondition
ally, was brought to our outposts under a flag of trues.
"In my reply I told General Cronje he must present himself at my
camp and that his forces must come out of "their laager after laying
down their arms. By 7 a. m. I received General Cronje and dispatched
a telegram to you announcing the fact. In the course of conversation he
asked for kind treatment at our hands, and also that his wife, grand
son, private secretary, adjutant and servants might accompany him
wherever he might be sent. I reassured him and told him that his request
would be complied with. I informed him that a r general officer would be
sent with him to Cape Town to insure his being treated with. proper re
spect en route. He will start this afternoon under charge of Major Gen
eral Pirttyman, who will hand him over 'to the general com man ding at
Cap: Town. ¦¦;•¦# ""-. ¦ - '
"The prisoners, who number about 3000, will be formed into
commandos under our own officers. They will also leave here to-day,
reaching the Modder River. to-morrow, when they will be railed to Cape
Town in detachments." . . . .
The above dispatch wns read in both the House of Lords and the
House of Commons to-day. The reference to the Canadians evoked im
mense and prolonged cheers.
A. J. Balfour, the Government leader in the House of Commons,
said he had no information relative to the Boer guns.
BOER PRISONERS NUMBER FOUR THOUSAND.
LONDON, Feb. 27.— Lord Roberts reported to the T^arJOfflce that the number of. Boer prisoners approximates 4000,
of which about U5O are citizens of the Orange Free.State. The remainder, are. citizens,^f the Transvaal.
. The officers captured by. General Roberts, besides General Piet Cronje, include, the following; well-known com
manders: Chief Commandant M.J.Wolverans; a member of the Volksraad;: Field "Cornet, Frus, ¦ a Scandinavian;
Major Albrecht, the famous German artilleryman; Major ; yon, Dewltz, the distinguished ' German officer, respon
sible for. most of the splendid engineering works of . the t ßoers since the commencement, of the war. . . '¦
| Twenty-ninej Transvaal officers were captured, and eighteen Free State officers .were made prisoners. /The guns
captured 1 from the Transvaal forces were three .75-centimeter .Krupp's, one nine-pounder; and "one -Maxim gun. From
the Free Staters the British captured one 75-ceritlmeter Krupp'and one" Maxim gun. ,< - :•
¦ : - v» r r ,-.- -?¦ ..... • • • .. ¦
With the capture of General, Cronje's 4000 men, the, number, of prisoners 'taken by the British since, the war began
exceeds by some hundreds the- number captured by; the Boers," as nearly as can be -estimated from the, meager - and
desultory, returns. ¦ Paardeberg at one stroke more than offsets Dundee, 1 Nicholsons Nek and' Stormberg.'. The append
ed table shows the. number of prisoners taken on v both sides: ' > '¦¦ '¦ : • .' . ¦ . ¦> ¦
Reported mlsiins. British side, up to Dec. 3O— Officers.../ . ISS'.j
- . ' '"• « Men..:..... 2.81^
Since December UO— Officers ........'.. OO
-¦ • Men i.OOOi-.
Total ...".......;....'....1.*;............. 4,12(1. I
Boer.urlsoners .taken previous to January 20.;........ 340
Taken at 5pt0nK0p. „'........'.. ..:.:.....:..:..".."...'.......... ;160
At other ( place's since .:....:....••-••••••••••••• ••••"* ®**
Surrendered *by General Cronje • ...;......... 4,000
; Total .... ..........:..'. v ...:.........:.....:....... \J. 4.584
INSURGENTS CLAIM TO
HAVE WON A BATTLE
Report the Defeat of an Ameri=
can Column and the Taking
of Forty Prisoners.
day morning by the Canadians to within eighty yards of the Boer trenches, and the enemy was
compelled to surrender.
All-important questions this morning are: ''What effect will the capitulation have upon the
Boers?" and "What will be Roberts' next move?" This British victory does not mean a collapse
on the part of the Boers. It means the freeing of the Free State forces by" the removal of ' one of
the most skillful commanders and the return to their farms of the weak-kneed, among the
Free Staters, but in the Free State one other seriesof actions at least will have to- be fought,
while the march into the Transvaal means very hard fighting and the loss of' many lives. That
the British Government appreciates this is shown by the announcement that the. Eighth Division
will be sent out so soon as transports are available. .
The consensus oi military opinion-here is that Roberts will; move on Bloemfontein
(French is reported to be already on the way), perhaps sending a strong mounted force to re
lieve Mafeking. It is not thought that- the Boers will make a' stand >t the Free State capital, as
it is not easily defended, but strong positions are to be found on the border of the; two republics.
Buller is finding Boer resistance to -his advance on Ladysmith ' increasing rather than
diminishing, and as yet White has not been able to assist in the movement. In fact "the Boers
are trying to. outflank the British, which attempt, if it succeeds, will" to a great extent justify the
result of the week's fighting. * : S'sf^
GREAT REJOICING IN LONDON.
There was a big crowd in front of the Mansion House cheering wildly as the Lord Mayor approached "with the
Lady Mayoress on the balcony. Shouts of "Cronje surrendered!" "Majuba avenged!" "Hurrah for Bobs!" and "Eng
land for ever!" rang often and loud.
ENORMOUS DIFFICULTIES OF BULLER'S TASK.
LONDON, Feb. 28.— A dispatch to the Dally Mail from Pietermaritzberg. dated
Monday, describes at considerable lensth the "enormous difficulties of- General
Buller's task," and says: "The real advance began last Wednesday. The stu
pendous nature, of the task was only understood when, being on the spot, or.o
was - able to realize what it means to hurl Infantry at positions aligned in every
direction with carefully -prepared trenches and wi^h breastworks defended by
practically Invisible riflemen, armed' with "the most deadly rapid-firing weapons
and aided -by quick* firing guns which put all but our cannon of the lightest cal
ibre into the shade." ,;',,.>: ; ; " :
Commenting upon Friday's fighting, the 'Daily' Mall's correspondent says:
"As It would have been madness to seek an outlet from the amphitheater of hills
by way of Groblers Kloof, on the feft. a route had to be found on the right, and
at 2 p.m. on Friday,- amid the incessant crackling of rifle flre and the roar of
cannon', ; the "Irish, brigade was distributed along the river to take Railway Hill
on the other side 'of Pieters Station. This hill is commanding enough to ensure
our final advance, providing we could hold" it securely and could mount -cannon
on it. -From Onderbrook. Spruit railway bridge the track runs along the Tuge:a.
and it- was perilously open to the Eoer marksmen disposed on the kopjes back
from the river, and, after passing Pinters Station many men would be bound to
be hit. \ Beyond the station the. line passes .over another small bridge crossing a
deep donga., and' it was in the appro ich to this bridge and onward to the base
of Railway Hill that the greatest danger from enforced exposure obtained. It
was necessary to cross by the bridge at the mouth of the donga, which, besidfc*
being difficult of access, ran into the Tugela. The path between the. railway and
the river was almost always in fut! view of the enemy. Every man of the Ir»3h
brigade had, therefore, to run the ga*mtlet of Boer marksmen, and numbers
dropped on, the bridge where. the Boers' bullets, fell dangerously thick, until tha
bridge was sandbagged and only one man allowed on it at a time. Very soon fifty
men .were put out of action in the race from the bridge to the rendezvous. Bnl
several members •of the volunteer ambulance corps were wounded in following
the troops." ?vT *.-%<¦--• :-':: -' : - •
The Daily Mall has; the.followingfiom Ladysmlth. dated Ladysmlth. Feb. 21:
"Yesterday the: Boer retreat continued. A party of about seventy, en route from
the north, drew rein. for. Limit Hill. A battery, of fifteen pounders, placed not
far off, -suddenly opened 'flre" and practically annihilated the party. A Boer am
bulance was. later, on seen collecting the dead and wounded. The Boers are '.Ty
ing* to form a bridge or drift across KKp River, south of Umbulwana. evidently
for the purpose of permitting the passage of wagons and artillery in their re
tirement from Colenso. Our guns are preventing this work being carried en.**
DISASTROUS ATTEMPT TO CARRY RAILWAY HILL.
LONDON. Feb. 28.— The Dally Mall publishes this dispatch from Its special
correspondent. Richard. Harding Davis:
PIETERS, Feb. 24.— Last night the Innlskilllng Fusiliers, mixed with some
of the Dublin Fusiliers and Connaught Rangers, attempted to carry Railway
Hill from Pleters. They, were under a continuous .fire, through which they
passed up heavy, broken ground to the first Boer trench. Half way up the hill
the Boers . retreated to the crest and then came back on either flank of the Irish
troops, enfilading the captured , trench with a savage cross as well as a direct
fire. All night until 9 o'clock In the morning. the British held the position un
der a ceaseless' fire and at terrible cost. At roll call only five officers and one
hundred men answered to their names. Colonel Thackery and Major Sanders of
the Inniskillings. Colonel Sitwell of the Dublin Fusiliers, Captain Maitland of
the Second Gordons and Colonel Thorold of the -Welch Fusiliers were killed.
Two hundred and fifty-two of the rank and file were killed or wounded. General
Lyttelton's brigade relieved them at 10 o'clock this morning, when the Boer artil
lery, pounded the troops holding the center kopjes without pause, but with lit
tle, effect. ¦:
CORRESPONDENT MURDERED BY AN OFFICER.
LONDON. Feb. 28.— Mr. -Parslow, the. correspondent of the Dally Chronicle at
Mafeklng," who 'had: previously been reported as accidentally shot and klllled on
November .2, : was. It appears from the diary of a Morning Post correspondent
and 'from, a letter received by the Daily Chronicle, murdered by Lieutenant
Murchison of the British artillery, reputed to be a man of fine professional abil
ities. It seems .t hat Mr., Parslow and Lieutenant Murchison had dined together
and that, when they were strolling across the square, Murchison was seen ta
draw a revolver. and to kill 'his companion. An inquiry was held and a finding of
willful murder was returned. Lieutenant Murchison was tried by court-martial.
HEAVY LOSSES AMONG ROBERTS' MEN.
LONDON. Feb. 27.— The War Office has issued a list of 721 non-commlssloned
officers and men wounded in the fighting at Paardeberg Sunday, February 13, In
cluding. 63 Canadians and 273 Highlanders. .
GENERAL CRONJE ATTEMPTED TO ESCAPE.
. . LONDON, Feb. 28.— A- special dispatch from Cape Town, dated Monday, .nays:
"General" Cronje. last night attempted' to 'escape with' a party of Boers, but ho
'was driven' back.":
GENERAL CRONJE, the Vanquished Boer Commander.
LONDON, Feb. 28, sa. m.— Sir Redvers Buller is having a hard
i time in Natal. It is evident that he was misled when he wired
that there was only a weak rear guard between him and Lady
smith. Apparently some of the hardest fighting of the war took place at
the end of last week, as an armistice was agreed upon to allow attend
ance upon the wounded and burial of the dead. Both sides must hava
. lost heavily. : . .
At any moment,; however, news may come of General Buller's suc
cess. > Friday, will begin the fourth month of the siege of the garrison,
which is seemingly , ln a position where It is unable ; to do anything to
; help. General Buller. '
A special dispatch from Col en so dated Tuesday, February 27, says:
"The Boers are endeavoring to outflank us and severe fighting contin--
FIETERMAEITZBURG, Feb. 27.— An armistice was arranged on
Sunday to allow for burial of dead. At its conclusion the Boers mads a
determined night attack on Fort Wylie. Heavy fire was prolonged for
hours. Our position was maintained. The Boers when questioned dur
ing th» armistice scorned the idea of the abandonment of the invests
ment of Xadysmith. Owing to the enemy's splendid positions the Brit-,
ish difficulties are stupendous and progress will be necessarily slow.
¦ ' ¦ - ' ¦ .: '. . . . ' ¦' '"¦'¦-, • ; ••">..'"-
LONDON, Feb. 28. — General .Cronje's unconditional surrender yesterday with 4000 men, in
cluding nearly fifty officers of important" rank and four big guns, is the triumphant, result of
Lord Roberts' strategy. It was a piece of brilliant soldiership,; strongly conceived and per
fectly executed. ' \\i?C-'
Quickly massing together two weeks ago a flying force of cavalry and mounted infantry
10,000 strong, with field guns, he brought up behind Moddcr River his infantry division. Then
he sent French with clouds of cavalry under ordersjto. sweep over, the drifts to Kiniberley, reliev
ing that place.
Cronje found himself outflanked. If he retreated north Methuen and French would have
enveloped him. He was obliged to. give up Kiniberley and ilee to the eastward. On.the night of
the 15th he started on a forced march toward Paardeberg. Accomplishing thirty-tHree miles; ; : in|
one desperate march, he was discerned on the morning of the 1 6th and followed up sharply by the
cavalry. Lord Kitchener and General Kelly-Kenny' caught up with his rear guard, driving it. in
upon the main body, which was outspanned with cattle, weary. and tired men in the bed of the river.
There he was penned in on the 18th. Roberts, at the head of the infantry division, sealed him
up between Koodoosberg and Paardeberg in a trap. -For a whole week the Boer commandos
were shut up between the river banks and stormed at day and; night with . artillery and rifle fire.
Roberts held off the scattered reinforcements and maintained the close, unsparing fire,
which rendered Cronje's position untenable. Finally a dashing advance was made early yester-
WITH GALLANT GENERAL CRONJE FOUR
THOUSAND BOERS SURRENDERED
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII— XO. 90.
S AN . FRANCISCO, WEDN ESDAY, ; FEBRUARY 28 j; 1900.
HELD MARSHAL ROBERTS, the Victor of Paardeberg.CURES
WEAK
MFN
I'lLll.
The Dr. Sanden Electric Belli
cures without drugs. It over*
comes the effects. of youthful er-
rors or later excesses, because
Electricity is Strength and Nerve
Force— the very dement .whlcK
is lacking in a weak man, whethec
.young, middle-aged or old.
Free Advice.
It will take Ics3 than half an
hour of your time to drop into
my office, where I can demon-
strate to you the current which
the DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC
BELT generates. I will go over
your symptoms and advise you.
I will explain to you how the
Belts are worn to cure such cases
as Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sci-
atica, Varicocele, Seminal Weak-
ness, etc. No charge for consul-
tation.
Free Book.
To those living at a-dxstance I .
will be pleased to mail, free of
charge, my little descriptive
pamphlet, "THREE CLASSES.
OF MEN," which explains all*.
Write for it to-day.
Beware.
In buying one of my Belts see
that < the letter "S" is perforated
upon each cell of the battery.
Any not so marked are either old
style Belts of fifteen years ago
or imitations. Consultation and
advice absolutely free. : Office
hours, 9 to 6; Sundays 10 to I.
NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
Bf.T. A. Sanden
. . 6 OTABEILL STEEET, Saa FraiCtSCO,' CaL;
113',i So. Spring St., Los Angeles. Cat.; Rtxssel
' ' Bunding. Portland. Or.
? !
4 wv i * i ryjn Located on Market
rALALh BtrMt - ta clo3a
ii - IM n ness section, places ' '
Al\ U of amusement and ' '
| [ depots; 1400 rooms, i .
(IT} A Mil 9°° th baths at -
yj\i\i^l/ tached. The largest
' and finest hotels in
" HATCI C the world - Ameri- ,
, ii i r Ii 1 j J can and Eurooean '
, ** v ¦¦¦ *'*^ kl/ plan. >
» . >>• *?¦•••» * * ••——"» .
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOORA*
tor and N«rvln».
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tor the Sexual Organs for both Nits.
Th» Mexican Remedy for Dlseaaes of the Kid- .
neyj and Bladder. Sells on Its own mertts. ¦
NABEIt. ALFS 4 BRUNE. Agents.
EJ Market ttreet. 3. F.— <Send for Circular). "
[ DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN!
¦; MEDICAL .
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOP,UVER. LUNGS:
lA/. T. HBSa
NOTA3T PUBLIC AKD aTTO&HIT-AT.Uw'. -
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claoa Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, $21 California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco. , - j
The Weekly Call.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 par Year
LEGISLATORS
WITH MONEY
IN THE BANK
Heavy Deposits Made Dur
ing the Clark Senatorial
Campaign.
Supporters of the Democratic Million
aire Waxed Opulent Suddenly*
During Their Stay In
Helena.
WASHINGTON, Feb: J7.— The proceed
ings of the Senate Comittee on Privileges
and Elections in the case of Senator Clark
of Montana to-day dealt with the bank
accounts of some of the members of the
Montana Legislature. One of these ac
counts was that of Representative)
Stephen Bywater of Flathead -County,
who deposited $15,000 in the Bank oNMon
tana at Helena on March S last after the
adjournment, of the Legislature. By
water was called to the stand. He said
that he had brought $6000 of this sum
to Helena and kept-, it In his trunk
all winter, while $9000 had been received
from his brother as purchase money on a
sale of . mining stocks.) He declared' that
he had not received any pay for his vote
for Clark for the Senate, but' said White
side had told- him that he could get $3000
for supporting Clark. .. ; -,-.-<
Other witnesses of the day were Clerk
Rlckerts of the Montana State Supreme
Court, T. C. Kurtz of the Montana Na
tional Bank, both new witnesses, and At
torney General . Nolan.Whiteslde and D.
G. Peller were recalled. . .
General Nolan Recalled.
! Nolan said he had given small suras of
money to persons who had gone orer tha
State in search of testimony in this case.
The money had been supplied by Camp
bell. He had procured $500 from Camp
bell as a gift from Daly, for the editor of
an agricultural newspaper In ' Helena.
Another item charged to him was $2000,
which had been advanced to pay the ex
penses of witnesses in the Wellcome dis
barment proceedings. This money, had
been received from Campbell and. most of
it advanced to the State Treasurer to se
oure him for the payment of these : ex
penses. Nolan said that he had advised
the State Treasurer to pay these ex
penses upon the assurance that- the ex
penditure would be made good.
Among others to whom 'Nolan's ac«
count showed he had paid expense money
for collecting evidence in the disbarment
case was the clerk of the State Supreme
Court. Foster seized upon this fact to put
the witness through a sharp cross-exam
ination to show that .this official was
transcending his official. duties, the case
being before the court of which he was
an official. Nolan said that the clerk had
gone to several points to investigate
evidence. He had paid him $35- purely for
expenses and not as an addition to his
salary. • ¦
: T. C. Kurtz, cashier of the Montant Na
tional Bank of Helena, was called to the
stand to glvfe testimony concerning - the
bank deposits made by members of the
last Legislature, from August, IS3S, to
September, 1899. He brought the accounts
of Clark and Wellcome. All of them were
referred to a sub-committee for examina
tion.
Whiteslde, the first witness of the case,
and who in some respects may be con
sidered the prosecuting witness, waa le
called for rebuttal purpose*. In reply to
questions, Whiteslde said that he had paid
his own 'expenses In 'this investigat|o»>
amounting to about $2000, and that he had
received but $30 from any other source.
Campbell had loaned him that amount.
Some Big Bank Deposits.
The sub-committee on the accounts In
Kurtz and Peller's hands, having com
pleted Its work, reported that certain of
the documents should be examined. These
gentlemen were then recalled, and the ac
counts put in. All of . them related: to
members of the Legislature, and were as
follows: ' -
By Mr. Kurta: Stephen Bywater, 115,000,
deposited March 3. 1599.
E. C Day, $5000. deposited March 3, 1539.
Michael Shovlln, $S5OO, deposited March 20,
1599. ¦ • "' »•• .-.-¦¦¦
L. C. Parker, two certificates of deposit, $1000
each, February. 1599.
W, E Tierney, certificate, of deposit. $14,258,
May, 1899. /
By Mr. Peller: J. L. Jacqurth. two deposits
aggregating *3SOO. In drafts rrom the United
States Treasury. , - -« ,
J— H. Gelrer, various • memoranda, after
April 12. 1893, including- a certificate of de
ppsit. May 13. 1899. ? ' ¦ ,
Kurtz explained that the Tierney de
posit was connected with the opening of
the ¦ State' Bank of Townsen.d, and • that
the money, had been collected from . vari
ous' quarters.
Representative Stephen Bywater of
Flathead County, being called, said that
he' had deposited the $15,000 shown by the
the accounts of the Bank of Montana as
exhibitedby. Cashier Kurtz. -He said that
he had brought J6OOO in currency with him
when he came to Helena and -,had KepX'lt
In his .trunk during -.the sixty days pre
ceding. The other. s9ooo did not belong:to
him but had been handed 'to- him Jby hjs
brother. Quite a large .part of. these; two.
sums was in $500 bills. Bywater said' that
he was a railroad conductor with'-a' salary
of $125 per month; that he bad saved seme
of the $6000 from his salary and had sold
cattle and mining stock for the remainder."
He. had also-bdught a ranch for $5000 In
Bywater said that his brother lived In
the State of Washington, and had brought
him $9000 with which to pay- for stock in
the ¦ Oroton Mining Company .of British
Columbia. . The brother had remained in
Helena for twenty-four hours, but Ihe
witness said he did not know where he
had stopped. *¦ ..%-'''-v. v A'v v-.^. - "^
THREE DEATHS
FROM PLAGUE
AT HONOLULU
Epidemic Breaks Out Again
After a Twelve Days'
Respite.
Belief That the Victims Contracted
the Disease Through the Eat
ing of Infected
Food.
HONOLULU. Feb. 20.— After twelve
dajra ijassiog without a sign of the plague,
three cases were discovered yesterday and
all ended fatally. The victims wer.M»o
Chint-s? -males and a woman— half Chinese
end hall Hawaiian. "- -• -•¦
There Is some uncertainty in all the
cases as to the source of the infection,
and the authorities are busily engaged in
trying to discover this. It is almost cer
tain that one of the victims came to his
death through eating Infected food from
a Chinese Etore. It is probable lhat the
case of the woman alto may oe traced to
Infected goods. A part of the block in
which the woman lived was Buspected
bourn time ago and destroyed by fire.
The case of the woman came front 1 , a
tlace in the vicinity of the South Sea
Island srttleiMent and directly in the rear
of the .-mail houses burned notr long- ago
by the Hoard of Health's order. One of
tbese was destroyed because it wan
thought thai a. German who died -there be
fore the plague started in Honolulu had
really been a victim of the disease.
At a meeting of the Board of Health
yesterday President Wood reported that
the funds at their command were exceed
ingly low, and lhat more money for cur
rying on the work of lighting the plague
»as immediately necessary. On February
15, out of 1142.0J0 that had been approp:i
ated for the use of the Board of Health,
up 10 that time 113.5.000 was offset In bills.
Consequently but $4600 remained available.
On this statement it was decided to ask
the Council of State for a further appro
priation of $IOO.WO. In the afternoon the
council met and appropriated the neces
sary money. Jn addition the sum of $345,-
KS 24 wa« appropriated for the extension
and completion of the sewer system. This
last item was appropriated subject to the
approval of President McKinley.
Situation at Hilo.
"\\ nether there is plague at HIIo or not;
whether or not there ever may be plague
there, need not affect cne particle of the
traffic of the Hawaiian capital." said Con
eul Haywood. "I was discouraged when I
left here for Hilo, but I return very much
encouraged. It will be possible now to ar
ransre and carry out any scheme made
necessary by events by correspondence,
"I found the people there perfectly calm
and working together to the best possible
end. There was no shotgun business
there, and I do not believe there ever has
been. We were met at the wharf by Mr.
Lyman. There was no appearance af ex
citement of any kind and certainly no in
dication of trouble, past or present.
"I do hope there will not be an epidemic
of plague. at liilo. At the same time, the
scare has done lots of good. In that the
town has been cleaned as it had never
been before. People have worked together
and untiringly to this end. and, though
I had not been there in two years I
could see the result instantly. The situa
tion then* Is all right, and I feel good."
Dr. C. B. Wood, president of the Boa-d
of Health, who returned from Hilo by the
Iroquois on the 16th. believes that the ca3e
fif Mrs. A. G. Serrao. who died there on
the morning of February 6, is very B us
piciouß. and before leaving he gave in
structions that the case be treated as one
of plague. Said Dr. Wood:
"I Celt that the only thing to be done
was to treat it as a case of plague. Upon
my orders the ttores of A. G. Serrao ar^i
the house in which the victim was ill ten
days were destroyed by fire. A rat proof
fence had previously been placed around
thf- p ?nises. The ditch or town »ev:er
was disinfected with carbolic acid and the
ground around the Serrao store was treat
ed to a solution of the Fame. In addition,
the residents of the premises were re
moved to quarantine."
Portions of the business section of the
town were found to be in a very unsan - ;
tary condition. Buildings and sink ar
rangements were much as they were at
Kahului and fully cue, bad as In Chintaown
of Honolulu. Dr. Wood pointed this out
to the citizens, and suggested to them a
system of inspection as in Honolulu, and
that owners l>e compelled to put treir
premises in proper shape.
At Kahului health conditions were
found to be in good shape. There were
200 persons in the detention camp and all
were found to be in excellent health. A
most careful watch was being kept over
all of the island and indications were that
the situation was fully In hand.' .Vsi.*. .
Settlement of Fire Claims.
President Dole received by the Nippon
Maru an important -dispatch from Wash
ington in regard to the Court 'of Claims
p.nd settlement of losses sustained by
the Chinatown fires. The jnes^age is
from Secretary Hay direct and bears the
instructions of President McKinley. ; ,It.
reads as follows: _ ¦ • .
Washington, D. C. Feb. 9; 1900.
PrPFident Kanford B. r>ole. Honolulu— The
Prwident approve? you appointing five persons
to takfr «>videnee of losses caused by the burn
ing of Chinatown in Honolulu and to make
awards or Judcmenu on euch- losse*. to be
I* id out of appropriation made by the Ha
waiian Council .of State In conformity - wltn
Hawaiian laws. " :- .\-\C". . JOHN HAY. .
The question of how President McKin
ley would proceed in the court matter has
been mooted here for days. Some
thoupht a jury would be sent down from
the mainland, or at any rate, the Wash
ington Government would appoint Us
members. President Dole will in a few
days select the five men to serve.
The latter part of the dispatch, re
ferring' to funds, amounts *to nothing: un
less it is the intention of the President to
Invest the Council of State with full legis
lative powers. It states that the dam
aces shall be paid "out of appropriations
made by the Hawaiian Council. of State In
conformity with Hawaiian laws." ' As
settling damages Is not stamping out the
plapue. the Council of State cannot ap
propriate money for the purpose "under
Hawaiian laws."
The dispatch Is significant in that it
seems to Indicate the Investment of
the ' Council of State, at a later time,
with complete powers and authority to
act in all matters until a Legislature be
elected under Territorial laws.
"A Consented Mind
Is a Continual Feast."
'But for a. contented mind you must
have a healthy body, and this is possible
only; by] making, and keeping the blood
pure, this is fust tvhat Hood's Sarsapa-
rSla does, and that is why it cures dis-
ease and gives abounding health in place
of illness and debility.
Morning Fatigue—" / suffered 'with
a tired feeling and headache every' morn-
ing and evening. I took Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla, and got relief. It also cured me of
the grip and of catarrti of 12 years dura-
tion." Mrs. Jennie Homer, Stoystvam, Pa*
Be sure to get only Hood's because
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured co many men who had bat-
tled (or years against the mental and
physical Fuffering of lost manhood that
tbe Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
tuffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematur*
lots of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grat-fal
effect of warmth and seems to act dlr*ct
to the desired location, giving strength
end development Just where It is needed.
it cures all tbe ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
Mate Medical Institute 228 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their tree trial pack-
epee will be complied with promptly. The
Institute »• desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated. *nd the ire«
earaple will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies ar<» employed. Tha
Institute makes no restrictions. Any n.an
who writes will byb v sent a free sample.
carefuly waled In i plain package, ao
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers art
requested to write without delay.
YAQUIS AND MEXICANS
IN TWO ENGAGEMENTS
Indians -Begin Each Attack/r. but: Ares
' " '-'£ 'Heavy ;;¦ -.- ¦•'
„•: ?^r';jj/ . \s'Loisses^:': ' :^v>;^'-j ¦'' ;
Special ;G}»patchtbT3b^Call. /:;-..•>''¦ : .\~ ', , '
H; OAX>kCA:;' Me^looV^-Sf'«b^;27.psix huni
dred Maya-jlndiajis ! attacked ..a regiment of
Government troops :at*S.abam. oh February,
21, and,- after, a desperate, fight, -the In
dians were driven; to their..' lntrenchmenti
In a' dense forest. The. Indians left 100
killed and -wounded;* * The -.. Mexican loss
was three killed and seventeen wounded;
Including, two officers.* •'-..- ¦-'•?¦ t
Another fight took place oh February 25;
the, Indians again; forcing thft-. attack.
They were'- repulsed ' with heavy losses.
,-The t Mexican casualties were; one- killed
and ten .wounded.-.'; ¦ :. -•, ¦' ¦'¦ ¦*¦ '.' -¦'¦ ''.'.
The Indians have' strong defense works
and are armed with'-Krag-Jorgensen guns. l
"BRAVO, BOBS,"
AND "MAJUBA"
ARE THE CRIES
LONDON, Feb. 27.— "Majuba Avenged,"
"Cronje Surrenders," "Great British Vic
tory-"" These are the expressions shout
ed to-day. The capitulation -of General
Cronje had been looked upon as almost a
certainty for a week past and now that It
has come enthusiasm finds itself discount
ed by the anticipation.
The magnitude of the success of "Lit
tle Bobs" is almost overlooked in the fact
that it synchronized with the anniversary
of Majuba Hill and wipedout a dishonor
of nineteen years' standing. While' the
afternoon papers all comment upon this
happy coincidence, they do not forget the
splendid bravery of the^enemy. -"'.-..
The St. Janies Gazette .says: *
"The splendid courage of the Boers has
not been able to withstand any longer the
bombardment which few modern soldiers
have supported for as many, hours as
they -have days, 'The ¦influence of the
surrender, not only upon. the situation. at
Ladysmlth, but on the' whole conduct/of
the war, will be immense. 7 If the news, of
the relief -of .Ladysmlth jj only breaches
England, and It is quite/po'sstblcfhis may
be the case,. the cup. pt national' happiness
would ; be .full," : ?/:• ;?" '!*""' r - " ¦" V ; ,
"'The' Globe, under; the heading of "Ma-,
juba Avenged," says:' r .. "• ;, ;,'; ."..
. "We shall not jump at the conclusion
that the war is over, but that a victory
has been< gained ; which brings tbeiend
well in 'sight. General Cronje . no doubt
succeeded In delaying Lord Roberts'. ¦ eri^
trance Into^ Bloemfontein, -but the delay.
Is all' he has been able to accomplish." ¦
The Westminster Gazette, whlch.is In
clined to; be pro-Boer, 1 says: , - '¦¦','.' ,
"Admiration for the desperate valor of
General Cronje is mingled with anger at
thenepeasity Imposed upon us of purchas
ing victory at this cost. Let us remember
Paardeberg if we like; but forget Majuba
and have ; done with the whole j train jof
misleading associations - and "mischievous
ideas which gathered around that un
happy memory."'.
No one who did -not know of General
Cronje's surrender would suspect from
the appearance of the town that
London was to-day, celebrating the chief
victory of the war. Not a flag is flying
and in front of the places where bulletins
are displayed to the public scarcely more
than a dozen people stop at a time to read
the news. Outside of the War Office there
is the same absence of enthusiasm, which
is due doubtless to the drizzling rain.
In the War Office lobbies, when a* clerk
posted the news of the' surrender. quite a
crowd was waiting, and here the tidings
were hailed with considerable enthusiasm,
and in an incredibly short space of time
the news had spread to all parts of Lon
don. At the Mansion House when the
news was posted It was received- with
great excitement by the crowds of busi
ness men hurrying to their offices, and
cries of "Bravo, Roberts!" and "Majuba!"
were heard.
The Lord Mayor of London said to the
correspondent of the ." Associated Press
that while the surrender, of ; General
Cronje was a foregone conclusion, the
news was received with a great sense of
relief, and the result of the capitulation
he thought would be the rapid conclusion
of hostilities.
At the Stock Exchange there was much
excitement and cheering, but this quickly
subsided when the house opened. Stocks
opened with an upward tendency, but no
material Improvement In prices and con
sols strangely were slightly weaker.
The news of General Cronje's surrender
was received with unbounded satisfaction
at Windsor. The. Queen immediately tel
egraphed her congratulations to Lord
Roberts and the troops.
There was a much 'more outward ' dlp
play of rejoicing in the provinces than in
London. The Glasgow and' Liverpool
Stock Exchanges were greatly, excited.
The members sang "God Save the Que«u"
repeatedly, and cheered for ."Little. Bobs."
Flags were liberally displayed on the
municipal and house buildings in all the
large towns.
. Windsor was very : jubilant at the news,
which the Queen disseminated immediate
ly after it reached her, * and " the i inhabi-
tants seized the occasion of Her. Majesty
driving through; the town on* her way to
take a train for a visit to' the wounded
South African soldiers at the Netley Hos
pital to give vent to their delight.
The Queen, who' was looking.remarka
bly.-; well, showed evident signs of deep
satisfaction, smiling and continually bow
ing in response to the congratulatury
cheers greeting her on all sides. Her
Majesty took quantities of flowers to dis
tribute to the wounded. '
All the garrison towns and naval norts
received the news with the liveliest satis
faction, soldiers and sailors-) vying with
each other in displays of delight. ,
. Immense crowds awaited the \ Queen at
Netley and. cheered themselves hoarpe.
The village was gayly decorated with flags
and Her Majesty's reception on the hos
pital grounds presented a scene of enthu
siasm. '.the brilliant and ; bright ¦ uniforms
adding color to the surroundings. •';.
The ¦_ sovereign was visibly affected \as
she made a 'tour of the .wards and spoke
in the most kindly terms to a number of
the wounded. /' -?''¦ .'»;<*
ROBERTS READY FOR
ANOTHER IMPORTANT MOVE
LONDON, Feb. 28.— Spencer "Wilkinson,
reviewing; the military situation In the
light; of General Cronje's capitulation;
says this morning: \ ¦ :.»;.
\ "On a moderate estimate one-tenth of
the Boer, army has been taken out of ac
count by. the. capture of Cronje. The bat
tle of. Paardnberg is a miniature Sedan.
/"To-morrow the whole of Lord Rob
erts' army, say 45,000 men, will be ready
fora^fresh advance, if, -indeed, the start
be. not- made to-day. .The objective must
be the next. Boer army of importance,
which; is in Natal. The next move, there-;
.fore, , with a view of drawing the/Boer
army from Natal, Implfes an advance on
'Bloemfontein, or some 'point. on the rail
5 way '.between" Bloerhf ont-?in a . -, ! and * Wlne
; berg,', < which I woul d * sever '.¦ th« i connection
between . the Boers ' in > Natal and those
south of .the' Orange River.-;"' ' • . '•
<"It the if Boers make a stand west of
•Bloemfontein, so much, the -better. With
45,000 men Lord Roberts may well be able
s to*-* envelop and destroy a respectable
- force , there.' /'^C ...
'.'The.-effect of the' Paardeberg victory
will probably be a movement northward
of the "Boer" forces ' south "."_• of '•Orange
River. In Natal the. effect will be moral
rather -than strategical. The effect of
elation on the one side and of depression
on the other will be equal for the : mo
ment to the addition of a brigade to Gen
eral Buller's, forces, j The Boers in Natal
have to face a 1a 1 crisis.; If they send troops
to .the Free State they, will sacrifice the
whole 'result of- the long campaign before
Ladysmtth. Not to send them will be to
render probable a Becond : and still more
important victory by Lord Roberts a few
days hence."
COST OF ONE VERY
SUCCESSFUL ATTACK
LONDON, Feb. 27.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts: »" .
•'PAARDEBERG, Feb. 27.— 1n a very
successful . attack mado by the Royal
Canadian contingent on one of the ene
my's trenches this morning Major Pelle
mler was wounded, eight men wero killed
and twenty-nine were wounded. General
Mac Donald Is expected to return to duty
in a few days.".
BRITISH OCCUPY JAMESTOWN.
STERKSPRUIT, Monday, Feb. So.—
Boer reports say that the British, under
General Brabant, have occupied James
town, Cape Colony. - ¦ -
NEWS OFTHE WAR
IN SOOTH AFRICA
Continued from First Page.
SA.N JOSE, Feb. 27.— Prince Carnival
and his royal consort reigned su
preme this evening in the largest
catherlng of polite society ever held
, -In Santa Clara County. The occa
sion was the grand Mardl Gras ball at
Carnival Pavilion under the auspices. of
the O'Connor Art Association, and right
royally was the approach of Lenten sea
son celebrated. ¦ , .
I The I)is pavilion was handsomely deco-
I rated in" red and white, red hearts and
ribbons being artistically- arranged on a
white background. Numerous electric
i lights of the same colors added a pleas-
i ing hue an<J hundreds of dancers in vari
| colored bright costumes made the ensem
ble brilliant In aspect!* ': i ' :• v / . .
About 3000 people were present, includ
ing the delegations from Burllngame and
San Francisco. In the grand march about
400 couples participated, headed by prince
i and princess, who were represented 'by
t Mr. and Mrs: J. G. Jury; Following came
! H. G. Squler as chancellor and a large co-
I terie of attendants and courtiers. Tho
• prince and princess were dressed in
I gorgeous costumes of the Elizabethan pe
riod and their retinue .was also hand
> somely robed. The pageant was headed
i by a force impersonating policemen, and,
lit included rich costumes of every" de
! sign. The royal personages were escort
ed to the platform, when the chancellor
welcomed 'he prince and princess and the
prince in turn welcomed thj people.
The features of the evening were a fancy
Spanish dance by twenty young men and
women and the policemen's chorus from
"The Pirates of Penzance" rendered by
character policemen. Then followed a
baby show, which consisted of maskers
got up as Infants and riding in perambu
lators of every conceivable shape. There
were half a dozen entries. The"commit
tee of awards pave first prize, a silver
loving cup, to Miss Florence Gordon, who
impersonated Baby Ruth, with Mrs. Hill-
CLOSING HOURS
OF PORTO RICAN
TARIFF DEBATE
Friends and Foes of the Bill
Match Oratory in the
House.
Argument Embraces All Phases of
Expansion, Democrats Protest
ing Against the Holding of
the Philippines.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.— The general
debate' on the Porto Rico tariff bill closed
to-day in a blaze of glory. The galleries
were crowded to the doors and every seat
on the floor was occupied when the rival
champions of the' respective sides, Dolli
ver of lowa and Bailey of Texas, made the
closing arguments. Each spoke an hour
and a half. The speech of Bailey, devot
ed as it was almost exclusively to the
legal phases of. the. controversy,, while. It
was profound and impressive, did not
arouse the unbounded enthusiasm which
swept the galleries and floors while Dolli
ver was speaking. The lowan was at his
best and his wit, eloquence and sarcasm
in turn drew salvos of applause from his
Republican associates. Before the closing
speeches were made Cannon of Illinois,
chairman -of • the Appropriations -Commit
tee and "one of the veterans "on the Repub
lican side, made an exceptionally effective
speech in support of the. bill. Carmarck
(D.)- of : Tennessee, Clayton (D.) of Ala
bama, Kloberg (D.) of Texas, Pearce and
De Armond (D.) of Missouri made
speeches in opposition to the bill. The
Republican managers are now : confident
that with the modifications agreed upon
at the conference la9t night the bill will
command a narrow majority In the final
vote to-morrow. ¦ ¦ '
Clayton of Alabama created much
amusement and enthusiasm by reading a
letter written by Chairman Payne to W.
H. Curtis of Palmyra. N, V., on January
24, 1900, in which he advocated free trade
with Porto Rico on . the ground that it
would give relief to "the stricken island.
The latter contained the following refer
ence to the Philippines:
Under the treaty the Philippine Islands are
to have free trade with Spain for ten years.
We couM not extend these, tariff laws to the
Philippine Islands, even if we would.
Clayton asked that this letter and an
extract from Mr. Payne's speech in sup
port of the bill.be printed in parallel col
umns in the record. Payne smilinely as
sented to the request, and expressed the
hop* that there would be no objection.
Peary of Tennessee declared that the
brood of trusts had flocked to Washing
ton and had compelled the leaders of the
Republican party to turn their backs
upon Porto Rico. He asked if the people
of that island were not entitled to as
much consideration as the Sultan of Sulu.
who was granted free trade with all the
Philippine Islands.
Philippine Policy Denounced.
De Armond of Missouri said this bill pro
posed to set aside the constitution not for
the purpose of doing something philan
thropic, but in the interest of the partial
or complete enslavement of a helpless
people.
"This change of front," he declared,
"has been brought about by the influ
ence of the agents of mighty corpora-
He said the administration had deter
mined blindly and greedily to hold the
Philippines for what could be made out
of them. It mattered little about Porto
Rico. The Porto Ricans were to be cruci
fied in order that the cross mieht tee
raised in the Philippines. -We could with-,
draw from the archipelago and leave
10.000,000 tropical people to work out their
own salvation. . !
"In my opinion," said he, "that is what
we ought to do." . (Democratic applause.)
He thought the time was coming when
there would be a revulsion in the Repub
lican party, when the" Republicans who
now had the backbone to oppose the pres
ent programme would be hailed as the ;
saviors of their party.
Cannon of Illinois followed De Armond. :
He scouted the cry that had been raised :
that the trusts had dictated the bill. He [
charged that both the tobacco and sugar
stored in Porto Rico was already owned .
by the - sugar and tobacco trusts. They
had. put forward some natives as stool
pigeons to beg for free trade, so that
I while the Democrats cried out against the
trusts they would be voting for them.
"Their voice would be the voice of Jacob,
but their hand would be the hand of
Esau."
Bailey- of Texas made an exhaustive
argument against the constitutionality of
the bill,* arousing the lawyers on the
other side so that* fora time he was al
most .continuously engaged in crossing
swords; with one or the other of his ad
versaries. . . ' .... \ .
.'. Dolliver Closes the Debate.
D.olliver :ot'lowa: ot'Iowa closed the debate for
the. majority. •:, Said he :
;ThJs "bill' la'Voerely a' temporary • measure to
provide' rev«tue' Tor . Porto.- Rico. .Yet .it hae:
been, magnified In this debate until it has-been
* made" to tndode- the whole problem of the gov-"
•ernment-of .all territory acquired by us by the
treaty of Paris. - ' .;_ ? .... . -
It was declared that this bill was in
behalf -of- -the sugar trust, when the fact
.was, declared - Dolliver. that -the sugar
trust, wanted free, trade. The-same was
true of the tobacco trust. He continued?
• If the constitution of the United States es
tablishes free ¦ trade between Manila and Saa
Francisco, .;**¦. it undoubtedly does between
Maryland and Virginia, then the fact that 'we,
have got Into a. new competition is only the.
leant trouble that has been before us. We are
in that case disarmed at once in the momentous;
demand which this nation has .made for equal;
rights Jn the • commerce of Asia.' I. violate, no
secret r of . this Government when I say that to
day there Is pending in the State -Department
the most- elaborate commercial negotiation ever
attempted in the history of our diplomacy,
based on a, pledge made by our commissioners
at- Paris that whatever we did in the Pacific
Ocean we wculd maintain an open door for the
commerce of the world. And I want to ask
Republicans and those Democrats from the
great cotton belt of the South who are looking
forward to the opportunities that are wrapped
up In our commerce in the Pacific Ocean in
time to come, with what countenance can we
stand before the cabinets of Europe, protecting
against the occupation of the ports of China
to the prejudice of American trade, when we
ourselves from our headquarters on the bor
der being carried away by our own constitu
tion have deliberately drawn a commercial
deadline about the Philippines for the perma
nent exclusion of everybody else. The open
door of Asia, through which the enlightened
community of American business, North and
South, looks forward to opportunities not even
yet explored, the opportunities that shall
broaden with the centuries, that is the real
question that is on trial here.
Dolliver then defended .the President's
course in the Philippines, read General
Lawton's letter charging that the Insur
rection in the Philippines was kept alive
by the agitation in this country and urged
his countrymen, North and South, with
out regard to their political party, "to put
a stop to the unscrupulous agitation that
for nearly two years has filled the hearts
of our own boys with despair and the
hearts of their enemies with confidence
and good cheer." He concluded:
O my countrymen, we are In the midst of
euch difficult responsibilities that I sometimes
feel that our resolution and our purpose are
almost overwhelmed. • • • There are two
ideas of the national duty In this emergency.
One is that the nation should take care of It
self, and let the world alone. That is a nar
row view of our national duty. -The other ideal
of national life, an Ideal born In the heart of
the workman of Nazareth, is that no nation
liveth to Itself alone, but that every real na
tional life pours Itself out In the service of
mankind. I don't believe that the "American
republic, wlih a motive like that and a pur
pose like that, will be allowed by Providence
to fall amid the difficulties of this hour.
You have read the mastemlece • of fiction
where a hand from the sky touches the shoulder
of Napoleon the Great, puts an end to his
career, and nays to him: "Tour business is
over, your time is up; your affairs are at an
end." That was the gleam of a superb Imagi
nation. There is In this world the steady light
of a faith more superb even than that, a faith
in the future of humanity, a faith in the great
ness of the republic, a faith in Providence, who
has guided every footstep of our national Iff e
from Infancy until this hour.
Let us have faith in God and faith In ' the
American republic and In our future mission.
I believe In the United States' of America. I
Hack the old republic of 'our • fathers against
the world. Nor. do I think that since the good
days of Abraham Lincoln 1 there has been upon
the helm of our affairs a steadier,' wiser, kinder,
braver hand than the- hand of William Me-
Xl nicy. President of the United States. '
SENATOR DEPEW
ON THE BEAUTY
Corrects the Idea That "Con
1 sent of the Governed" Is
Necessary.
Admits That the Filioinos Were Used
to Help Conquer Spain and
Hints That They Were
. - "Bunkoed." -~r~ r
WASHINGTON, Feb. • 27.— Depew of
New .York, addressed the Senate to-day
on the Philippine question. His "speech
was beautiful in thought and diction. He
strongly upheld the'policy of the admin
istration - and In conclusion pictured so
brilliantly commerce and civilization
moving hand Jn hand for the happiness
and for 'the uplifting of the people of the
•Philippines, as well as thoseof this coun
try, that the galleries were swept by a
storm of applause.
No one denied, said Depew,' that the na
tives of- the Philippine Islands had been
used to help conquer the -Spanish, but he
denied that any treaty.: had been made
with them. Said he: ?; .; -. . ..
Only thrf President of -the United States
could bind the country and he only with the
subsequent .assent of the Senate. Only when
war is progressing can the coininander-in-chlet
of the army: or the: admiral, of- the navy make
a committal which' the President would be
bound in any. form to, consider or respect.-. Ad
miral Dewey alone had that power, and he
moat emphatically denies any committal what
ever .to Acuinaldo, for the Independence of 4»ls
so-called government. President Schurmann
also emphatically denies any committal on the
subject on the part of the Philippine Commls
•slon.-The various general's- of; the army made
no committals on • their ,part. • All the consuls
concerned, positively denied having made any
such suggestions.' -; \ : . vi vv '' . .' :
'--ScofEs "at a' Tradition. , . (S'\~
- Regarding the- plea that., the, "consent
of the governed", is necessary, he said:
The, government which was organized for the
Territory .of " Louisiana toad every, element
which has been denounced as despotism in .the
Philippines. .¦ ¦ '
It has been repeatedly said here' that govern
ment by the United States in these Islands will
be a despotism. Such a belief shows a singular
ignorance. or misapprehension of the constitu
tional limitations upon our powers and the
spirit of our Institutions. While .the consti
tution does not extend over the territories of
Its own force and without legislation. Its pro
hibitions are binding on Congress. In- those
prohibitions, which are also privileges enjoyed
by the people- wherever our. Jurisdiction 1 ex
tends, is a complete charter 'of rights, which
Congress. can neither limit nor impair. All per
sonal privileges, and immunities, such as reli
gious freedom,', property rights, freedom of
speech and freedom of the preus and equality
before the law,; must* prevail wherever our flag
floats. .But outside of the constitution and laws
is an unwritten law,- created by the genius of
the .institutions of the paramount power, and
controlling its acts and officials in all colonial
governments. -¦-¦-.• .
Following Depew, Turley of Tennessee
resumed- his speech, begun yesterday,
against the- seating of Quay of Pennsyl
vania. Turley discussed 'precedents and
maintained that from 1825 to the present
time not one case could be found in sup
port of the contention of Quay's support
ers.
r Teller explained his vote In the Mantle
case and declared his purpose to stand by
the Senate's action In the Corbett case.
Hawaii's' Contract Labor.
Consideration of the Hawaii govern
ment bill was then resumed. The contract
labor question was precipitated again by
Pettigrew, who offered an amendemnt
providing that all- contracts for labor en
tered into- since August 12, IS9B, should be
declared null and void. In 'a speech sup
porting the 'amendment Pettigrew assert
ed that since the annexation of Hawaii
thirty - thousand contract laborers had
been imported. to Hawaii; their contracts
extending' over -periods of .from three to
ten years.' , ' "
In . response . to questions as to whether
Asiat'lv contract laborers displaced local
laborers, Pettigrew replied that to - some
extent they did. .He went on to say that
the coffee lands, of which we have heard
so much, practically, had been changed
Into sugar plantations, the lands as such
being Immensely productive. These sugar
plantations were controlled by vast sugar
interests, which during the past year had
been paid by this Government in remitted
duties - $12,000,000. These great interests
would control the. Legislature of Hawaii
and, consequently,:,' he -wanted such an
amendment to the bill as; would meet
every, contingency. • ¦•; ¦.¦-¦.. ¦-¦. ¦ ;
The amendment ' was adopted without
discussion. ... ¦••;.¦ , ¦'
CARNIVAL AT SAN JOSE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Man-Smith as nurse. Mrs. Joe Williams
as Black Hannah, with Mrs. A. T. Herr
mann as nurse, secured the second prize.
This contest caused much amusement. ¦'•
The costumes and dresses at the Mardi
Gras ball, were the finest ever seen at any
event of the kind here.
Mrs. Mitchell Phillips and Mrs. E. O.
Smith, who were at the head of the com
mittee in charge, cleared over $1200 . by
the ball. The proceeds of the ball will
go to erect a building to house the magni
ficent art collection given to the people by-
Mrs: M. P. O'Connor. The returns of to-
night will give the committee of ladies
who have the matter entirely in their
hands a total of about $10,000. It is pro
posed, to raise about the same amount in
addition and erect- a suitable building In
Normal Square.
STORM OF CONFETTI
ON PARIS STREETS
PARIS, Feb.. 27.— A drenching rain and
a leaden sky this afternoon threatened to
make the fate of Mardl Gras a complete
failure, : so' far as Paris Is concerned.
Nevertheless a pood number of people
gathered along the boulevards, where con
fetti tables were allowed, and, splashing
through mud and rain, exchanged volleys
of these fatal missiles. As evening ap
proached, • however, the rain ceased.
Crowds flocked to the Avenue dcs Champs
Elysees and the boulevards, where all the
stores, were closed, and soon the tradi
tional gayety of the Parisian asserted it
self and King Carnival reigned supreme.
From one end of Paris to the other the air
dally in front of the cafes, from which, col
was filled .with clouds of confetti, espe
ored serpentines were thrown in return.
A living sea of merrymakers'thronged the
principal thoroughfares, and the sido
walks and , roadways were 'Inches deep
with confetti, as though Paris had passed
through a variegated snowstorm. „ :¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1900.
tions."
2
AP VJEUfcTTH KMTiNTS.carnival colors and light in the Jest-
ers' Room (the main hall), of
the edifice. On every side last
night one could hear expres
sions of admiration for the scenes of
splendor in decorative effect. Carnival
colors, red and yellow, dominated in
the Jesters' Room. Below the arched
skylight draperies which formerly ob
scured the painted figures frescoed
designs had beenr remove 3, and the
effect was a triumph in the higher range
of adornment. A vast chandelier or
group of Chinese lanterns was pen
dant. One immense lantern, made, by
special order, gave but a great volume"
of softened light. Hundreds of incan
descent lights, clear, frosted and col
ored, afforded . illumination without
producing a glaring effect. The guest
at the ball received first impressions by
the view of the Jesters' Room, and the
impression was one that is bound ¦to
linger in memory, as a thing of beauty
is a joy forever.
The affair last night was the fourth
ball in the Mark Hopkins . Institute,
hence the ' experience in decorative
schemes acquired at former functions
afforded practical knowledge of decora
tive effect as applied to the main hall,
but the application did not extend to
the new Art Gallery, as this annex was
only finished a few days ago. Four
balls should impart practical knowl
edge. Many a youth has gained valu
able lessons in the plan of life by corn
GORGEOUS LIVING PICTURES
IN THE MOUSE ON THE MILL
yf YEAR has passed since last we met, and now again to you, my gorgeous court, and to you,
*ny merry subjects, I give zt'arm and cordial greeting.
* I welcome you to this Hall of Revelry in the, name of the Spirit of the Song, of the
Dance and •of ' the Merry Jest, and bid you forget in the moment the sorroivs of the year
just passed, to. enable you to endure with fortitude the trials which may beset you in the year to
come. " . .- . > •
A spacious Royal Chamber has been- provided for your comfort and gaycty, zvherein all
may find enjoyment to thc { full of the scenes prepared for \ your amusement.
Trip it featly to the music which' will soon delight your ears, forget your ''own troubles, as,
well as those of your friends, and above all, let Folly and Mirth hold you willing captives until the
stars pale in tlie eastern sky. .
PRINCE CARNIVAL GIVES GREETING
TO ALL HIS MERRY-HEARTED SUBJECTS
own, and a code of ethics for pleasure
loving youth which Art — even with a
capital A — cannot ignore in this coun
try and this century. The grand dame
of the peninsula of San Francisco is well
content that Joseph D. Grant, Edward
Bosqui, Frederick Zeile, William G.
Stafford. Captain Robert Howe Flet
cher, Edward M. Greenway, J. R. Mar
tin and Sir Henry Heyman shall en
throne Orrnr Peck as Prince of the
Carnival, as he was enthroned last
night She is willing that Prince Peck
shall surround himself as he was sur
rounded last night by courtly beauties
and courtly gallants, in. mimicry of the
gay court of Louis XIV, but she will
not recognize the divine right of roy
alty to set at naught her loved traditions
of good form and her acquired notions
of propriety. What the court did when
France reveled in pleasure and luxury
was all well enough for the French in
that epoch, but times have changed.
The good are getting better and the bad
are getting worse.' She is of 'the class
goodly, and the- directors must Salute
her as the Queen behind the throne,
greater than the .throne itself. ' . .
] The artists, the youthful students of
both sexes, and. especially the painters,
who have listened to the stories. told by
Stanton, Joullin and Peck. of ¦ the won
derful carnival *balls .-_- of * Paris', : want
something of the Parisian fashion: , In
finite would be the delight if everybody
should be costumed and incognito for
AGLOW with a thousand lights.,
clear, frosted and vari-colored.
the interior of the mansion on
California street "hill, known
as the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
presented last night a scene of enchant
ing splendor. The house, Hluminated
from turret to foundation-stone, in
honor of the seventh Mardi Gras ball
of the Art Association, was admired by
many throngs of outside spectators.
The bal masqu« of the Art Associa
tion is recognized in San Francisco as
the annual society/event, although fate
and the board of directors of the asso
ciation'occasionally decree that the an
nual event shall not take place an
nually. This paradox v must be -ex
plained by the genius of art, which pass
eth human understanding. In great
families renowned for intellectual pres
tige genius frequently skips a gener
ation, hence the Art Association may
skip a ball in purely natural sequence.
The ball, therefore, annual, biennial
or triennial, always engages the atten
tion of society. Dowagers, maidens
and those of the fair sex in intermediate
grades of loveliness and beauty, are
fond of dismissing the prospective
charms and pleasure of the event. The
success of the function is not always as
sured by the simple announcement that
the Art Association has resolved to lend
its fame and protection to the ball. The
inflexible dowager, rejoicing in the title
of art patroness, often has a mind of her
sweet and inspiring music, the . pleas
ures of imagination, and they -almost
participated in a riot to get supper. But
all the time the Queen of Propriety,
jeweled and grand, in her. private box,
kept her eyes on" the court of Louis
XIV. Books which society maidens of
high degree are not permitted to
peruse ; leave it an open question
whether this particular court which
;Peck .-. and Fletcher and Greenway
elected to reproduce was all that a
highly respectable and prudent court
should be.
The court knew itself, last night and
behaved . itself and was happy in the
favor of society.
¦The president and directors of the
Art Association began to feel the first
thrills of official happiness last Satur
day, when the number of tickets taken
by the representatives of San Fran
cisco's best society surpassed all pre
vious records. Every succeeding day
added to the joy of the board. Yester
day Mr. Green way waved his wand and
commanded -supper for one hundred
more guests than- the first order con
templated.
Captain Robert Howe Fletcher..cu
rator of the Mark Hopkins Institute,'
devoted special efforts , to* decorative
and illuminative" features of the" Mardi
Gras event. Reward "for his toil was
given when the guests saw the beautiful
decorations of ' the -Throne j Room (the
new art gallery), 'and the massing of
JIASKERS IN THE THRONE ROOfl AT . niDNIQHT WHEN JOY WAS AT ITS HIGHEST.
the revels. Greater would be the joy if
a street parade, a real outdoor carnival
of fun and riotous mischief,^should be
decreed. In the name of Art every
thing goes in Paris. Why not go to the
limit in San Francisco?. The directors
listened respectfully to the plaint of the
Artist. /; r
The directors had to render the de
cision. This year they decided that
merriment within the bounds of pro
priety could not reign if gentler »en were
permitted to mask, and hence came the
decree against wearing of masks by
men! The artists were disappointed.
They had a grievance, and the grief
<jrew as the hours glided by. It is one
of- the wonderful, unfathomable mys
ceries of Art that an artist without a
grievance cannot be supremely happy.
The directors, above all other con
siderations, desired that society should
oestow its sweetest approbation on the
iunction. The oracles of society were
consulted, and all the concessions de
manded by the Queen of Propriety were
readily granted, hence the presence of so
many of the Queen's beautiful and
lovely daughters. And they had fun —
the delights of the dance, the solace of
Prince Carnival and His Merry Train
Hold Revel Till the Hungry Dawn of Lent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1900.
iitCDIiJS FAREWELLS TO THE
|| I (world; the hlesh and the -
3Harold Howard. J. O. Harron.
Mrs. John Herd. . Mrs. J. O. Harron.
Mrs. J. F. Houghton. William D. Haslam.
Miss M. B. Houghton. Mr. & Mrs.P.E.Haslett
John Herd. Miss A. Hastings.
Mrs. Oeo. H. Howard. John W. Havens.
George H. Howard Colonel A. G. Hawes.
H. E. Hall. H. D. Hawkea. •
Mrs. K. 8. Howard. Miss Shirley Hayes.
My. . ana Mr*. W. F. A. P. Hflyne.
Herrln. Klias M. Hecht.
Miss May E. Herbert. Joel K. Hecht.
Charles Harley. i Miss Edith Hecht.
Mrs. F. M. Hugheo. | Mr. and Mrs.T.C.Heely
Xllbs Maud Howard. A. C. Hellman.
H. B. Hopkins. Miss Minnie Hennesey.
Lieut. J. P. Hams. Mr.& Mrs.J.E.Hewston
George E. Hall. Sir Henry Heyman.
C. T. Hamilton. . Mrs. L. M. lUckman.
R. B. Hochstadter. H. W. Hlgjrins.
Miss Mabel Hyde. Morgan Hill.
Mrs. E. C. Hodges. Curtis Hillyer. '
Miss \V. Hadenfeldt. Mr. & Mrs.W.S.Hobart
Mr. and Mrs. W. Haas. Ogden Hoffman.
Mis* Haas. H. M. Holbrook.
H. D. Hadenfeldt. Minn Olive Holbrook. .
Mrs. C. Hadenfeldt Z. Y. Howard.
Mins Hadenfeldt. / J. Ft. Howell.
Mlns Hager.. Miss Emelle Hughes.
Miss Alice Hager. R. B. Hule.
Miss Ethyl Hager. Mr. Hutrlft.
Mr. it Mrs.H.H.Haigtat .
I
Mr*. Margaret Irvine. 'Mrs. B. Ivers. >>.;
Mr. & Mm. W.Q. Irwin. (Miss Florence B. Ives.
J
Buckley Johnson. Lt. M. Johnston U.B.N.
Amedee Joullin. . Mrs. C. Josselyn.
C. C. Judson. The Misses Josaelyn.
Jame; H. Jennings. Mrs. Mary H. Jouett.
Mrs. H. J. Jewett.
Lieut. Wm. Kelly. I Mrs. Oeo. A. Knight*
Miss Azalea C. Keyes. Fred S. KnUrht.
»•!¦ KIP- Miss Alice Klein.
John C. Klrkpatrlck. T. J. Kelly.
Mrs. J. O. Kittle. Percy L. King.
Miss L. H. Kittle. Frank B. King.
Miss Isabel Kittle. F. \V. Klmble.
Mrs. "William Kohl. H. Kerby.
Toshlmune Komatsu. Hiss Kilbourne.
George A. Knight. H. A. Kidder.
y^. H. L«ahy. Miss Bernice Landers.
Miss Blanche Letcher. A. L. Langerman. .
L P. Latlmer. Miss Alysse Latham.
Mrs. B. S. Lee. , JohnLawson.
George H. L^ n t. L. Eugene Leei
Mrs. W. S. Lowry. ' Mr. & Mrs. W.R.Lester.
W. G. Lowry. Beverly Letcher.
Mrs. Lewis. Jullub Lewels. -
C. D. Lane. George W. Lewis.
Mrs. C. D. Lane. Albert C. Loaiza.
Mrs. B. T. Lacy. The Misses Loaiza.
Miss Lacy. . Miss Loughborough.
Miss Margaret Lacy. Miss J. Loughborough.
Dr. and Mrs.J.R.Lalne Russell Lukens.
W illlam H. Lander*. Q. A. Lung. .
M
Mr. & Mrs.P.T.MorganlMrs. Percy Moor*,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Mann. Miss McLennan.
Miss Edith Merry. William L. McLaine.
Georre T. Marj'e Jr. Fred W. McNear.
Miss Miles T. E. McDonald. U.S.N.
Miss Marsh. William D. McCann.
Dr. Wm.Martin,U.S.N. Miss Kate McCann.
V. C. B. Means. U.S.N; Maxwell McNutt
Peter D. Martin. Miss McNutt
« alter S. Martin. ' Miss Ruth McNutt.
Dr. Joseph Maeson. Alfred McKinnon.
Miss Thcrese Morgan. P. McG. Me Bean.
Miss Adelaide Murphy. Edwin McAfee.
Mr. and Mrs. F.Moody. Burns Macdonald.
Mrs. J. L. Martel. Miss Madeay.
Miss Adele Martel.' Dr. and Mrs. Beverly
Mr. Messeramith. MacMonagle.
Edgar MUU. . - . E..C. Macfarlant. •
Miss Alice MulllM. Miss Eva McCormlck.
C. F. Mulllns. Miss McKlnstry. " v
Miss Maud Mulllns. Dewitt McDonald.
F. E. Meacham. . Miss Laura. McDonald.
Mrs. Alberta Marquis. Latham McMullln.
Mrs. McMahan. . , Miss Bl>the McDonald.
Knox Maddox. Miss McGeohegan." .
Masuji Mlyakawa. " Miss McNear.
Gullio Minetti. ¦ Mr and Mrs. G. W.
Mrs. S. G. Mumhy. McNear. ¦
Addlson C. Mlzner. Mr and Mrs. Norman
, Miss W. Morrison. McLaren. .
Drury Melone. , < Miss N. F. McFarland.
G. H. Malter.. Miss MeCormlclc. .. « ¦
C. H. Maddox. Mrs. Charles : Moore.
Miss de N. Morgan. W. W. Miller.
Mr. and Mrs. F. P. S. Macfarlane. . .
McLennan. Mrs. Hail McAllister.
JT ¦¦¦¦
Rene Nagelmackus. |C. H. Noble.'
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. K.JGeorge A. NewhalL
Nuttall. . i George A. Noble.
Mrs. C. H. Noble. ¦;<;:: I .;•;. . •
Miss M. O'Callaghan. lEmmett M. O'Brien.
Miss A. O'Callaghan. I Thomas O'Callaghan.
Mrs. Darlo Orena. .Mrs.- L. Osborn.
Miss Orena. L. Osborn.
Miss Ottenheimer. | Frank L. Owen.
P
Mrs. F. H. Payne. Fred L. Perry.
Hal C. Peters. Hal C." Peters.
Willis Polk. ' Mr. and Mrs. I. Pierce.
XV. D. Page. Mr. and Mrs. H. D.
Mrs. Anna Pratt. Pillsbury.
Lieut. Ashton Potter. 1 John M. Platt.
Orrln Peck. Miss Polhemua.
Edgar D. Pelxotto. Allen Pollok.
Frank B. Peterson. Mr. & Mrs.Q.A.Pop«.
Mrs. Jane Hooper Page Neal Power.
Mrs. E. J. Parker. Mr. and Mrs. E. F.
E. I* Parker. Preston.
Mrs. \Vm. H. Pattern. Mlsa Preston.
Miss Ethel Patton. Miss Edith Preston.
Dr. Charles Payne. J. R. Prlngle.
T. Wells Ransom. Mr. and Mrs. Isaac I*.
Miss Ada Russell. Requo.
Limit. J. C. Raymond. Mr. Richardson.
Robert Romer. Miss Richardson.
Mrs. J. V. A. Rey. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Miss Julia L. Reed. Rlckard.
Mrs. J. B. RJsque. Lt. A.Q. Rogers.U.S.N.
Mrs. Sarah C Reamer. Mr.&Mrs; E. B. Rogers
Miss Ridgeway. ¦¦ -. Lloyd -L. 'Robblns.
Stewart Rhodes. U.S.N. E. W. Rollins.
G. L. Rathbone. ' ' . Benjamin lloamlne.
J. L. Rathbone. Adolph Rosenshlne.
Capt. W. I. Reed.U.S.A Miss Rosenshlne.
Jam^s W. Reid. Louts Rosenthal.
Capt. G. H. Relter. H. Rose.
U. S. N. -- Gaston 13. Rousay.
En. J. H. Roys,U.S.N.
S
Harry N. Stetson. Dr. and Mrs. W. F.
Mrs. W. J. Van Scuyver Southard.
Miss Van Scuyver. Lieut. Com. W. H.
J. A. Sanborn. Schuetze.
Mrs. E B. Sanborn. • Oliver L. Srauldlnsr.
J. M. Schaeberle. Mr. and Mrs. F. Q.
W. B. Storey Jr. ' Sanborn.
Miss Helen Shatter. Mrs. C. B. Stone.
(Jr. and Mrs. E. O. Mr.&Mrs. 8. H. Stern.
Schmiedell. , Miss Beulah Stubb*.
V. Sbarboro.. . Miss Edith Stubbs.
«. H. Shackelford. Miss Mary S. Stubbs.
Wrs. W. J. Stringer. Mr. and Mrs. L. Sloss.
B. Sawyer. Mlbs Nellie Stow. ¦
J. M. Sewell. Miss M. Salisbury.
Mrs. J. M. .Sewell. A. W. Sciear.
\V. C. Sweeney. Dr. H. M. Sherman.
Lieutenant Scales. Burbank G. Somers.
Dr. Grant Self ridge. Mrs. Bessie T. Smith
Mrs. Grant Selfridge. Mr. & Mrs. F. A. Stolp
I. Strassburger. Miss Schneely.
William Scarks. Mr. and Mrs. P. A.
W. R. Sherwood. Bewell.
Howard Shafter. ¦ A. B. Spreckels.
Mrs. B. C. Shartzer. Miss A. M. Samuels,
Kugene Sheehey. Guy T. Scott. ¦
Mrs. F. D. Stadtmlller. F. W. SteDhen»on.
Miss Stadtmlller. James P. Sweeney.
F. D. Strlngham. . Mrs. H. W. SeaJa.
Mrs. Vanderlynn Stow. Miss M. Shoobert.* •
Vanderlynn Stow. Mrs. L. S. B. Sawrar.
Miss B. S. Smith. Oscar T. Sewell.
Miss Sydney Smith. Miss Ada Sullivan.
Miss Sharp." ¦ Miss Georgia - Sulllran.
J. S. Severance. ¦ • W. B. Sanborn.
E. Scott. ::,.-. • ; Miss Grace Sanborn. •
Irvine M. Scott. ¦ Henry T. Scott.
r«wrence Irvlngr Scott. Mrs Henry T. Scott
Miss India Willis Scott. Miss Mary Scott.
Mr. and Mrs. Wm. G. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel
Stafford. Sussman.
Harold E. Smith. John D. Spreckels.
H.- R. Slmpklns. Mrs John D. Spreckels.
Walter Scott. Miss Grace Spreckels.
Mrs. Hyde Smith. Miss Lillle Spreckels.
Edward R. Swain.
Miss Taylor. Miss I. M. Tay.
Joseph S. Tobtn. Miss H. B. Tay.
Miss Helen Thomas. Augustus Taylor.
Dr. P." J. Thornbury. General and Mrs. C. H.
Mrs. J. S. Tobin. Taylor.
Mr. & Mrs. W.Thomas. Miss Taylor.
Mlfs Molly Thomaa. . W. H. Taylor Jr.
Julian Thorn. Harry L. Tevls.
Miss Nellie L. Treat. Philip W. Thompklns.
Douglas Tllden. Fred Toklas.
Mr. & Mrs.H.C.Tllden." Miss Toklas.
Ti. M. Tobln. . Mrs. A, N. Town*.
-Mrs. B. B. Thayer. D. C. Treat.
H. P. Thayer. Eugene H. Trlcou.
Mrs. H. P. Thayer. James Tyson.
Clement Tobln. .; -,-';
T. C. Van Ness. " H. P. Vefder.
Miss Cornelia Van Miss IdaVoorman.
Ness. . Miss Marie Voorhie*.
W
Mrs. G. Williams. Mr.- and Mrs. Clinton
Mr. and Mrs. Cyrus E. Worden. ¦
Walker. George R. Wells.
.Miss . Ward. . Mrs. Geo. R. Wells.
George S, Wheaton. Miss -Marie Wells. -.
Mr. " and Mrs. Charles Miss Marie B. Wilson.
S. Wheeler. Miss S. M. Wilson.
Ralston L» White. Jules Wlenlawskl.
Mr. and Mrs. George W..F. Whlttier.
" Whlttell. ¦ Mrs. C. J. Wetmdre.
'Mr. and Mrs. W. R. R. J. Woods.
Whlttier. Mrs. R. J. Woods.
Alfred H. WHcox. Clarence J. Wetmore.
Fred G. Will. ¦ D. R. Williams. >
Alexander B. William- E. A. Wlltsee.
- son. Mr. and Mn. R, H.
Harry R. WUHar. Warfield.
Mrs. William Willis. Lieut. E. Winship.
Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Mrs^ Vtrs» Williams.
' Wilson. Allen G/ Wrisht.
Mr. - and Mrs. . M. S. Theodore Wores
Wilson.:,. " Mrs. R. B. Wallace.
H. Carrinirton Wilson. O. H. Walter.
William W«ods.
V
Allen "Young. [Xs. Foster Toungr.
Mr., and Mra. Fred W.lMlss Zlmder*. ¦ ; - ¦¦. )
Zelle. .- .-;
Deeley's Victims Discharged.
C. A. Ensign. William F. Smith and C.
Benson, who were arrested on Monday
morning at Third and Stevenson streets
by Policeman L. J. Deeley on the charg«
of Interfering with an officer, appeared
before Judge Cabanlss yesterday. They
were represented by Colonet E. F. Pres
ton and Fisher Ames.
Deeley testified that the- reason he mada
the arrests was because the defendant*
interfered with him In the performance
of his duty.
Besides the defendants' testimony, John-
M. Furlon*. Harry Clark. J. Casey and
Frank E. Kane all testified that the ar
rests were unwarranted and that Deeley
used vulgar language and conducted him
self like a man under the influence of
liquor. The Judge promptly dismissed
the cases. •
The attorneys for the defendants an
nounced that formal charges would be
preferred against Deeley before the Police
Commissioners. r .• . ¦ •
Pears' soap fe noth-
ing but soap.
Pure soap is as gen-
tle as oil to the living
skin.
HEALTH BOARD DELAYS
SWINGING OF THE AX
Will Meet Mayor and Supervisors'
Finance Committee To-Day — Ap
propriation May Be Raised.
The Board of Health met last night with
the Intention of abolishing all Its depart
ments except the Harbor and Emergency
hospitals and dismissing all Its employes
except about s^ven, as already enumer
ated: but action was postponed until the
meeting to be held to-night. Dr. William
son announced that the Mayor and the
Finance Committee would meet the board
some time to-day for the purpose of
straightening out. if possible, the diffi
culties that now confront the board.
Dr. Williamson stated that he did not
care to prognosticate what the action of
the committee would be, but lt Is believed
that the members of the Board of Super
visors, with the possible exception of
Reed, have begun to realize the danger to
the health Interests of the city by a prac
tical abolition of the department and that
the Finance Committee Is prepared to rec
ommend an addition to the J25.000 already
appropriated. Whether that sum will be
s-foOO In order to place the appropriation
at the old fissure of $35,000, has not yet
been determined, but lt Is quite certain
that an Increase will be recommended.
The following committees were appoint
ed to carry out the provisions of ¦ the
charter regarding the administration of
the Health Department:
Health Office and Health Department—
Drs. Williamson and Baum. City and
County Hospital, Twenty-sixth street hos-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
sOeFisltik
great restorer.
, m .>-.-¦¦¦
Disturbed Sleep Is an Indica-
tion That Your Nerves
Are Weak.
WEAKENED NERVES LEAD TO
VERY SERIOUS AFFLICTIONS. :
Sleeplessness Is an evil fraught with great
danger, for lt prolonged it may overthrow tit.
reason, or produce apoplexy. The most- fre-
quent cause Is weakened nerves.
.There are many conditions that result ia a
weakening or injury to the nervous system,
and that accounts for the frequency of this
baneful affliction. Men and women in all
walks of life are liable to nervous decline.
Sleeplessness is one of the early symptoms oC
nervous prostration, it Is a warning that seri-
ous disease Is Impending. We cannot do with-
out refreshing sleep— it Is most necessary to
life. Wh*n one does not get the requisite
amount of sleep the vital energies fail to re-
cuperate,, the forces are gradually expended,
the bodily strength decreases. Extreme ner-
vousness and headaches result, the memory
becomes clouded and many other symptoms en-
sue.
The dur st way to overcome Rleeptessnesa and
the many other symptoms dv. to weakened
nerves Is to strengthen the nervous system.
HUDTAN. the greatest nerve and tissue build-
er of to-day. Is a positive cure. Narcotics and
sedatives should be avoided— they will result
in harm. HUDTAN reaches the source of th*
evil, it builds up the weakened nerves, it pro-
duces nature's sleep, the sleep that brings
health and vigor.
HUDTAN makes rich, red blood. It over-
comes weakness and debility. HUDTAN brings
ail the organs of the body into harmonious
action. HUDTAN produces brain quietude.
HUDTAN Is for sale by druggists— soo a
package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HTTDTAN.
send direct to the HUDTAN REMEDT CO..
corner Stockton, " Ellia and Market sta.. Saa
Francisco, Cal.
T CONSULT "t c °nso't Fwe th«
FREE. I Hudyan Doctors. Call
? — ? or write to them.
[;j h i HI RSB9 R2 1959 i^ M s^^Jl
I^^W^^VVWVvVVVVVVVVVvvv^
jg£J>V INJECTION.
;i A PERMANENT CURE
< °' jk^P 09 * obstinate cases of Gocorrhrm
< and Gleet, piarsnteed In from 3 to 6
C aay« ; no other treatment required.
j Sold by all dragpjsts.
NEW WESTER* HOTEL.
K^i^J. WASHINGTON BTS.-RB.
CO eS«m.^ ° d . renovated. KINO. WARD *
W to M wJek- i?%W toOIM ' »*» to tt W day.
Big Show in Town.
Norrlsft Rjowe's big trained animal show
pulled up stakes at their winter quarters
at Oakland yesterday and moved Into Me
chanics' Pavilion, where everything is be
ing put In shape for the opening of
their engagement in this city, which will
take place next Saturday. An original ar.it
novel Illuminated street parade will be
given Friday night, at which- time tb» «n
tire company will be seen.
Golden of the Four Hundred
A
Arthur F. Allen. Mls« Adler. .
Wyutt H. Allen. Mrs. AhumaJa.
John De Witt Allen. Dr. Harry E. AlJerson.
"U'orthlngton Ames. K. P. Ashe.
Dr. and Mrs. Winslow Mrs. J. Dennis Arnold.
Anderson. ¦ Dr. J. Dennis Arnold.
Oscar Ardttl. Miss K. M. Atkinson.
Mrs. Gaston Ashe. Miss Julia Averill.
A. C. Adler.
Lt. C. Babcock, U.S.A. Thomas C. Berry-
Miss K. M. Ball. Miss M. Bacon.
Truxton Beale. . William F. Berry.
Louis J. Borle. Mies Sophie Brannan.
Mrs. W. F. Berry. F. G. Bottum.
William S. Blair. Mr. and Mrs. S. O.
Mr. and Mrs.C.Bentley Buekbee.
Mr. & Mrs. J.Bradford. A, Barnard.
Miss L. T. Bradford. Lloyd T. Brecklnrldge.
Miss Ballsy. Mrs. J. Fred Brown.
Mr.& Mrs.C.A. Baldwin J. Fred Brown. TV
Mr. and Mrs.Q.Berton. Miss Blair.
Mrs. K. A. Belcher. T. B. Berry.
Hon. E. A. Belcher. E. A. Brusrulere.
J. B. Barth. Mr. and Mrs. • John
Marco Bengulat. ¦ Barton.
Mre. H. E. Bengulat. J. Brett. .
Miss Bengulat. John Rush Balr. \
J. D. Beuret. C. Byrne.
H. E. Bengulat. F, R. Burrows,
Mr. & Mrs.A.Barendt. W. F. Bowers..
H C. Beat. . T. D. Boardman.
A. W. Best. Mr. and Mrs. R. Bruce-
Georgv T. Bromley. Miss Janet Bruce.
J B. Barth. . Miss Bertie Bruce.
Mleb L. D. Bate*. Mr. and Mrs. Hurh M.
Mlhb Nellie Boyd. Burke.
C. P. Buckley Jr. Mr. and Mrs. w. P.
D. L. Bllhs Jr. Buckingham.
Major Bulwer. Edward L. Brayton.
F. R. 8. Balfour. Mr. Blalkle.
I^eon Bocqueraz Miss Blalkle.
Mips Nellie Boyd. J. 11. ISishop.
Miss L, D. Bates. R. C. Bolton. '¦
Mrs. Belle Brittan. 8. H. Boardman.
Miss C. Brittan. Mrs. L. B. Baldwin.
Miss Dora Benson. ' Albert A. Bennett.
Mr. and Mrs. F. D. James W. Byrne.
Bates. Mr. and Mrs. vvm.
Edmund Baker. Babcock..
Thomas J. Baxbour. Miss Brigham.
H. E. Bothln. Mrs. T. Z. Blakeman.
Miss E. M. Render. Miss Blakeman.
Miss B. Bender. . Arthur Bayley.
Mils E. Breslauer.
O. L. Cadwalader. Horace B. Chase.
Jones Clinton. Mrs. Chlttenden. •
Miss Crockett. Miss Che«ver.
Mrs. W. P. Coleman. Miss Mabel C. Cratt.
Mrs. n. L.. Coleman. Mrs. H. B. Chase.
R. t.. Coleman. Mr. and Mrs. J. O*H.
Miss Ethel Clement. Cosgrave.
Mm. R. L. Coleman. Miss F. 8. Campbell.
John B. Casserly. • J. B. Collins.
Mrs. James Coffin. \ John R. Cole.
Miss Marlon Coffin. T. Clark Chase.
James Coffin; . Dv Pont Coleman. ' ¦
Dr. Clinton Cushtng. John Carrlgan.
Mr. & Mrs.A.Carrlgan. Clartnce Carrlgan.
Mr. and Mrs..J. Clover. A. B. Costlgan.
Mr. and Mri.C.Cllnch. Warren D. Clark.
Miss Croaby. Mrs. P. B. Cornwall.
Miss Conway/ Thomas Craven.
Mr. and Mrs.L.Chenery E. J. Coleman.
Mrs. R. T. Carroll. Miss F.thel Chlsholm.
Mrs Gertrude Carroll. Miss Emily Calvert.
Mrs. William Crocker. Mr. and Mrs.J.A.Code.
Wilfred B. Chapman. A. Christeson.
Mrs. W. B. Chapman. Miss A. M. Christeson.
Dr. and Mrs.R.H.Cool. Bruce Cornwall.
F J Carolan. J. I*. Cunningham.
Miss Kate Clement. Miss Ethel Cooper.
D
William Denman. iMr. and Mrs. EJ. P.
Miss Denman. Danforth.
J A Donohoe. Miss F. M. Danforth.
Mis* Agnes Duft. C. E. Darling. •
William A. Doyl*. Lt.H. C. Davis. U.S.N.
Benjamin H. Dlbblee. W. E. Dean.
R. MoKee Duperu. W. L. Dean.
W H Dunphy. Miss Mamie Deane.
Mrs. W H. Dunphy. Miss Dillon.
Miss Dlbblee. Mr. and Mrs. B. R.
Charles W. Davis. Dlmond.
-Mrs. Frances Edgerton. Miss Dlmond.
J Emery. Mr. and Mrs. Henry I*
Mrs. H. A. Ellis. Dodge.
J. L. Eastland. . Dr. . and Mrs. Wash-
Eugene de Coulon. lnßton Dodge.
Pierre G. de IVEstrllle. Miss L. M. Doherty.
Mrs. M. de Herrerlas. Miss Belle Dolan.
Mr. and Mrs. Georgea Miss E. Dolton.
de Latour. Mrs. C. M. Dougherty.
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. J. Witt Dougherty.
de Young. Miss Ada Dougherty.
E. de la Veca. W. N. Drown.
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. de Miss Drown.
Ruyter. J. R. Dunn.
Minn Ruth Darsrart.- H. S. Dutton.
Viscountess de Laland* Mlsa de Sledtetzky.
13
Noble H. Eaton. IMlss C. Elllnwood.
Mr. and Mrs. R. F. Miss Flora Elmore.
Eckert. ' . |R. M. Eyr*.
P
P. J. H. Farrell. ,'" ' Robert H. Fletcher Jr.
Chas. N. Felton Jr. Miss Maren Froellch.
Miss Jessie FUlmore. Mrs. R. H. Fletcher.
Courtney Ford. Miss Charlotte Field.
Mrs. F. A. Frank. Mr. Foster.
Mrs. G. P. Frank. Bush Fennetl.
Christian Froellch. Mrs. Bush Fennell.
Miss Elsa Frank. , Mrs. P. J. H. FarreH.
Q .
Mrs. J. S. Gale. ¦ Edward 'G. v Goodrich.
Major H. J.. Gallagher. Miss Goodrich.
C. S. V. .. Mr. and Mrs. Wm. B.
Dr. & Mrs. M. Gardner ¦ Goodwin.
Miss L. Gaylord. - George T. Gosling.
Mr. and Mrs. A. G«r- Mr. & Mrs. A. Grant,
•berdlngr. • ' Mlps Juliet W. Garber.
Mr. and Mrs. I* M. Mrs. H. J. Gallagher.
Gerstle. '. I Miss Katherlne Gilbert.
Miss Gilbert. Joseph Greenbaum.
Wm. Frank Goad. Fred'k A: Greenwood.
Miss Goewey." Edward M. Greenway.
Frank J. Grace. W. B. Gilbert.
Mr&Mrs. J. D. Grant Mrs. Clarence Grange.
Mr. & Mrs. G. F. Gray Clarence Grange.
W. Green. ; • \V Grothwell. '
Warren Gregory. *tlss Henr*ta Grothwell
Mrs. W. Gre-gory. George Ooodfellow. ..
J. B. 'Grlmwood. Horace Gulttard.
Miss Ella Goodall. W. M. Gwin. ,
Arthur GoodalL l ••,¦•¦
t.. M. Hlckman. E. B. • Haldan. ,
Curtis Hllly*r. Mrs. A. C. Hamilton.
Mr. and Mrs. H. HIH. A. D. Harrison.
Gen. J. F. Houghton. Mrs. Eugenic Harrison.
Harry B. Houghton. . Richard C. Harrison.
faulting three. In direct application to
the Mardl Gras event the managers ascer
tained that a greater d<V ree ot I! Sht vvas
r«-<juire<S than had been afforded in pre
vious plans of illumination. A hint was
given to the corps of electricians and
many additional lights, arc and incandes
cent, were supplied.
The problem with which Captain
Fletcher and Mr. Martin had to wrestle
at length related to the adornment of the
new art 'gallery, or what was known last
night as the Throne Room. It was easy
enough to determine that shields, banners,
standards and other royal and heraldic
dfvlces, together with palm branches and
ribbons, should be displayed along the
walls, whereon the skylights, cornice
lights and great arc lights would shine.
It waa necessary to give volume of light
without a. glare to offend the guesU In the
boxes.
Tlie servlc* of art students— pupils In
the School of Design— was brought into
requisition to censtruct, adjust anil dec
orate with appropriate devices the her
aldic shields. The raw material consisted
of sheets of tin and quantities of paint
It is highly creditable to the students that
a splendid triumph of decoration was
achieved in eucfa a ehort time.
The scheme of adornment, however,
was not In perfect harmony with the
court pomp and splendor as suggested In
the grand march. The banners and de
vices of royalty were of a type too email
for the Court Room and the occasion. The
Impression of grandeur was not sug
gested.
The Court of Beauty, adjoining the
Throne Room, where the royal ladles ex
changed mercy Je»is, was adorned in yel
low.
GORGEOUS AND
STATELY OPENED
GRAND MARCH
BEFORE 9 o'clock the Invited began to
assemble and soon the Indications of
a gentle, go^d-natured crush were ob
served. On California street outside the
recently ; painted pearl gray mansion, a
iense crowd cf curious spectators blocked
the way to the-entrance of the canopy.
The aid of polic* officer* was r<Hjulred to
keep the avenue of ontrance open. The
D-utsSde spectators were jtood natured and
observing. They were gaihered together
to get a glimpse of fashionable society on
the" way to Mardl Gras revels ar>d were
'julck to catch the spirit of the carai»->U.
Before the orchestra began the concert
nlrs preceding the grand march the space
la the Court" of Jesters— the main hall of
the mansion— was well filled with masked
ladies. Many of the- costumes were rich
and remarkably attractive. There was
no repression of the carnival spirit. Youth
danced and played merry pranks before
the dancing music began.
Veterans of the Art Association, the
past presidents— Colonel Alexander G.
llaw^s and Frederick W. Zeile—acknowl
edged that the carnival was eclipsing all
former functions of the like, surpassing
its predecessors r.ot simply in numbers at
tending, but In the gorgeous apparel of
the masked and unmasked.
There were bo many swell dinners In
Ean Francisco last night that society, or
many of its representatives, did not ar
rive until nearly 10 o'clock. Meanwhile
Ed Greenway. President Joseph D. Grant,
Captain Robert Howe Fletcher and W.
G. Stafford were marshaling their merry
and eager followers. Presently Orrln
Peck, prince of the carnival, escorted by
his court, descended from an upper cham
ber of the royal palace and proceeded to
the library- ¦
A trumpet signal for the formation of
the procession was greeted with applause
as many maidens and gallant gentlemen
were ever so anxious to speed the hour*
to the music of the waltz. The column
moved without delay, the trumpeter in
advance of the herald. Then came
Prince Carnival. two pages of
the Grand Opera-house company
bearing his train. Noble courtiers
ga> Jesters and distinguished ladies of
the court followed to th<> superb Wagner
ian music from the Grand March in
•"Tannhausrr." The merry but orderly
trmy of fun-lovers inarched and counter
marched through the jesters' room and
Court of lioamy to the new gallery or
throneroom. When the procession Was
in motion, displaying tho gorgeous habili
ments of the court nnd subjects, universal
admiration was enlisted. The pages
were beautiful, like- wise the herald and
xne advance herala.
When all were as*w»mbledl in the new
pallery and the Prince had ascended the
throne the herald signaled for silence
praying the audience to listen to some
word? from Uie gracious Prince of the
Oarnlval. Instead of silence there was
npnlause. which soon subsided as the
l*rlnce began his address to the courtiers
the Jesters and the multitude. Embar
rassment reigned briefly at court, for the
Prince forgot the pp^ech which the Prime
Minister had prepared for him. He
stumbled over several sentences, to the
amusement of his subjects, and then be
gan., to read his typewritten copy. The
speech is reproduced in full elsewhere.
At the close of. the speech from the
throne of Mardl Gras merriment there
was a goodly clapping of hands. The
pital— Drs. Bazet and McCarthy. City
and County Almshouse— Drs. Baum and
McCarthy. Emergency hospitals— Drs.
McCarthy and Williamson. Finance— Dra.
Williamson, Baum and Bazet. Food in
spection and laboratories— Drs. Bazet and
Williamson. Municipal water supplie*—
Drs. Bazet and Baum and Colonel Men
dell. Litigation and legislation— Dr».
Williamson and McCarthy. Complaint
and nuisance— Chief Sullivan and Dr.
McCarthy. Sewerage and drainage— Dr.
Baura and Colonel Mendell. Epidemic,
endemic and contagious diseases— Dra.
Baum and Bazet. «Llfe-savlng appliances
— Dra. McCarthy and ¦Williamson.
music of a two-step set the ball In motion
and it glided on serenely.
GALLANT PRINCE
CARNIVAL AND
HIS GAY COURT
OF all the resplendent coteries which
distinguished the motley fete none
was more marked or more admired
than that composed of his Royal High
ness Prince Carnival and his smiling
courtiers. Those who were included In
this gallantly attired group were:
Prince Carnival, Orrin Peck; Oueen of
Carnival. Miss Johanna Hadenfeldt;
Court l,r\dl«»s. Miss Wanda Hadenfeldt,
Mrs. Arthur H. Barendt, Miss Emily Cal
xeri- Jesters, Frank L. Owen and Tony
Hellnmn: Herald, Miss Irene Devoll;
Pages. Miss Belvedere Ra« and Miss
Blanche Woodman; Trumpeter, Lpmont
Duwi.
DAINTY LADIES
SHONE IN SILK
AND DIAMONDS
FAIRYLIKE was the scene produced
by the kaleidoscopic scenes— an effect
largely created by the appearance of
the many beautiful members of the fair
sex present. Among those who contribut
ed striking costumes to the scene were:
lVrtha Stringer L#e. Night-Black tulle with
bllv«t spangles, girdle of silver stars; crescent
of Kllver In the hair
Mr*. McMonagle— Evening gown of pink satin,
girdle of black lace.
Un. Jc*n Meta Hadenfeldt. Queen of Sheeba
— brocaded silk, elaborately embroidered with
Jewels; jeweled headdress.
Mrs. Cnarles Hadenfeldl, Lady of the Court-
In KP't-n brocaded satin lace and pearls.
Miss Wanda Florence Hadenfeldt, old Teuton
coMumf — Orten and buckskin.
Miss Julia Heed. Music— White mull grown,
bordered with tars of music und round the hem
of the skirt the refrain of iwpular eoncs In
scribed. -I'd Leave My Happy Home for You"
and "If You Haven't Got No Money You
Ntedn't Come Around."
Miss Alice Chlttenden. Fifteenth Century
Lady— Maroon velvet trimmed with ermine.
Miss Nella Treat— Fifteenth Century Lady-
Yellow brocade and blue velvet. .
Miss Mabel Hyde — Court costume of the time
of Henry Vl— l'ale yellow satin.
MUs Fanny iMnforth. Butterfly— White mull
gown with lavender butterflies; butterfly with
outstretched wiru-s for headdress.
Mlfcs Shirley liayeß— Spanish lady In red,
black and gold.
Miss Bertie Bruce— Blue and white Pierrette.
Mies Ada Dougherty. Russian Princess— White
satin gowft elaborately embroidered with Jewels.
Miss Winnie Morrison— Pink domino covering
white aatin eveninc gown.
Mrs. Robert 11. Fletcher, Night— Black tulle
embroidered with silver siura.
Mrs. H. E. Hall, La Tosca— White satin
gown with big black picture hat.
Mrs. Clinton Worden, Spanish j lady — Blue
satin skirt, with deep flounce of black lace,
caught up at Intervals with big red roses;
corsage of black velvet.
Mrs. George F. Gray. Spanish dancing girl —
Red gown' embroidered with gold and silver
spangles.
Miss Margaret Salisbury— White Bilk domino
o\ - er white evening gown.
Miss Azalea Key es— White silk domino over
white evening gown.
Mrs. E. C. Hedges. Duchess of Dorchester-
Black velvet gown, with sleeves of white lace.
Mrs. Kdtrerton. Madame Wu, Chinese Min
ister's wife— Gorgeous Oriental costume.
Mrs. Kramer. Queen Elizabeth — Green velvet
riding habit over white satin petticoat; big hat
with green plumes; riding whip.
Mrs. J. H. Jewett, Winter— White gown edged
with white fur, trimmed with whlta lace, em
broidered with crystaJs.
Miss Adelaide Samuels, Pink Carnation— Pink
ellk cown and oversklrt of green.
Mrs. William O. Stafford. Colonial darnel-
Blue satin, embroidered with silver spangles.
Mrs. A. Marquis. Gj'Dsy— White gown, em
broidered with gay colors.
Mrs. E. J. Baldwin, La France Rose — Pink
satin decollete gown, trimmed with La France
Mrs". William 11. Dunphy, Lady Adelaide-
Black lace over white silk.
Mrs. It. Purby— Japanese lady.
Mrs. E. 11. l'almer— Japanese lady.
Miss A I da Hastings— Japanese lady.
Mls» H. Clement, Alsatian peasant— Red
rk'.rt. black corsage, white apron and white
Alrattan bonnet. . .. ¦ .
Mias Maren Froellch. Marie Antoinette —
Lavender aatin.
MUs Kdlth Preston. Flag— Corsage and skirt
fashioned of silk American flags.
Miss Izabelle Preston— Ping domino over
evening town.
Ml»s Agnes Duff. Turkish lady— Gown of
brilliant oriental stuffs and pearls.
Miss Juliette Garber. Turkish lady— Dress of
rich oriental stuffs, string of pearls in the hair
and around the neck.
Miss J. Sharp. Duchess of Gainsborough—
Blue brocaded satin.
Mies HIU Margaret Bender, Japanese lady-
Blue oriental stuffs.
Miss Elizabeth Bender, Chinese lady—Gor
geous oriental stuffs.
Ml bis E. J. Parker. Marquise— Pink satin.
Mrs. Gaston Ashe. Bacchante— Black lace
gown, big hat with plumes.
Miss A. Humadl— Evening dress of royal pur
ple velvet.
Miss Georgia Sullivan, baby — Red and white
dress reaching to the knee, sun bonnet, and
hair falling In two long braids to the waist.
Miss A. D. Blaikle, Shepherdess, aft«r Rey
nolds— Pink and white satin.
Miss Marjorle McLennan— Venetian lady In
white and gold.
Mrs M. 11. de Tounr— White satin domino
embroidered In black velvet clubs, concealing
evening gown of pink panne velvet.
Mv» Mamie IJrane— l'lnk domino over black
Jettea evening gnwn.
Mrs. Joseph Donohoe— Pink satin evening
gown trimmed with white lace.
Miss M. E. McCormlck, Spanish lady—Pic
turesque in black and gold.
Miss Mattie McCormack. Russian vlvandlere —
White satin embrolded In red and gold.
Miss Millie McCormack. Russian vlvandlere—
White satin skirt, corsage of red velvet em
broidered In gold.
Mlfls Kauri McDonald, court lady of the fif
teenth century— Pink and black brocade.
Miss Blythe McDonald, Empress Josephine —
White brocaded satin trimmed with pearls.
Miss Helen Thomas "Incroyable"—Combina
tion of pink and- black satin.
Miss Charlotte Field, Dlrectolre lady— Pink
and white satin.
Miss Mollle Thomas, pink poppy— Pink satin.
Miss Addle Martel. Carmen— lied satin em
broidered with gold and black. *
Mliw Clara Bailey. Shepherdess— Dresden silk
for skirt with overdress and corsage of white
lace.
The Misses Stubbs — White dominoes over
•venlng gown.
Miss Mlrnle Hennessey— Pink domino over
white evening gown.
Miss Ethel Cooper- — White domino over even
ing gown.
Miss Ethel Chlsholm. Lady Ursula — Yellow
eatln with overdress of yellow and black bro-
Mlss May Herbert— Black Empire gown;
black hat with plumes.
Miss Grace Halley, Shepherdess— Pink and
blue brocaded satin.
Miss Alice Hager, Gordon Highlander—Gor
¦*•*% plaid.
' - Ethel Haper. French ballet girl of the
t ' Louis XV— Blue satin trimmed with
whuc .-cc and sink rosos.
Miss Maud Mullin. Needa Pagllaccl— White
satin skirt with overdress embroidered in blue
and gold.
Mrs. Joseph Tobln. Mermaid— Corsage and
skirt of silver n>antrles clinging to the form;
at Hi" hem of the skirt flaring flounce of white
chiffon. ¦
Mrs. Peter Farrell, Chinese lady— Blue Orien
tal stuffs.
Miss C Brlttan. Shepherdess— Pink brocaded
ratln.
Mrs. Belle Brlttan. Sixteenth Century Lady-
White gown, embroidered with violets and
trimmed with lace.
Mrs. Winslow Anderson, Juliette — White
eat!n.
Mrs. Frank H. Payne. Goddess of Night—
Black fille. embroidered with silver stars.
Mrs. Warren Gregory. Louis XV costume —
Blue and coM brocaded satin.
Mrs. Thomas Rlcard, Gypsy— Red skirt, em
broidered In gold: corsage of Mack velvet.
Mrs. W. P. Colemon. Lady Teazle— White and
pink brocade ducherse lace.
Mrs. H. C. Tllden. Portia— Red silk.
Mrs. W. F. Whlttler. Madame Pompadour—
Fklrt of pink brocaded satin, with overdress of
pink and blue brocade: corsage cut decollete,
trimmed with ducheose lace. Etudded with dia
monds.
Miss Marie Wells. Columbia— Red and white
satin and corsage of blue, embroidered with
stnn>: liberty cap for headdress.
.Mips Addle Murphy. Shepherdess— Pink and
white silk: the oklrt of pink silk with over
dress of white lac*; corsage of pink panne
velvet covered with white lace.
SOCIETY RESENTS
GROSS INSULT TO
ITS FESTIVAL
AN afternoon newspaper Impressed
the disagreeable fact of Its existence
upon the public yesterday by offerlnij
a gratuitous and particularly offensive In
sult to everjMnan and woman who at
tended the ball. ~ln announcing the great
pleasure gathering of the Art Association
this sheet published an Indecent picture
of a woman, garbed in tights and an ex
cuso for draperies, and made the brutal
R!OT OP BEAUTY TN THE SUOW OF A THOUSAND LAMPS
TJ±"iS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1900.
and utterly unjustified announcement that
many women would be similarly un
clothed at the festivities of the evening.
The offense Is immeasurably aggravated
by the fact that the annual masquerade
of the association is and has been abso
lutely above reproach. Its success has en
listed the energies of the best men and
women of San Francisco. Its festivities
have been marked by scenes that could
give no suggestion of impropriety to the
most evil minded. Its revelers and merry
makers have been men who value tneir
names and cherish the honor of their
women. Its supporters and well-wishers
have been those who have by right of
conduct' and honest lives a claim to re
spect and decent consideration. It is re
grettable to the last degree, therefore, that
the pruriency of an irresponsible sheet
should have the license to spread its in
decency before the public.
COURTIERS WHO
RUFFLED IT IN
CARNIVAL GARB
THE gentlemen who attended the ball
were mostly attired In evening dress,
but their ranks were marked with
vari-colored costumes. Among those who
were attired In costume were:
G. F. Gray— Colonial costume.
Clarence Carrigan— Oriental.
J. O. Bradford— Member of Old Guard.
Theodore Wores— Mikado. . ¦
Dr. P. J. Farrell— Army uniform.
Hadji Ephraim Benguiat— Bokara high
personage. ¦ ,
Mordecai Benguiat— A Bedouin.
R. H. Fletcher Jr.— Colonial court cos-
Tos'himune Komatsu and Masujl Mlya
kawa—Native costume.
Jack Balrd— Sultan of Turkey.
Robert Aiken— Romeo. „
W. B.- Sanborn— "Man from Mexico.
E. R. Swain— Cavalier.
J. Greenbaum— Austrian officer.
F. G. Will— Colonial costume.
J D Grant, Joseph F. Tobin, Buckloy
Johnson. Peter Martin and Frank Caro
lan—Hunt costumes.
PRESIDENT AND
WARRIORS ALL
"WHOOPED IT"
/""" USTOM of the Art Association decrees
V^t that the president shall give an an
nual dinner on the evening of the
carnival ball. Last evening Joseph D.
Grant gave his banquet In the red room
of the Bohemian Club. The assembled
guests were Mr. Joseph A. Donahue, Mrs.
J. D. Grant. Mr. H. T. Scott. Mrs. How
ard Chase. Mr. Nuttall ' Mrs. \V. H.
Crocker. Mr. J. W. Byrne. Miss C-Taylor,
Mr. John Lawson. Miss Ward of London.
Mr. Fred Moody. Mrs. J. A. Donohoe. Mr.
Alex Williamson. Miss Head Mr J. A- . B.
Casserly. Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall, Mr.
Mountfofd Wilson. Mrs. H. T. Scott. Mr.
Oscar Seawell. Miss Laura McKlnstry,
Viscount Le Lande. Mrs Moody. Mr. S.
H. Boardman. Miss Mary Scott. Mr W. H.
Crocker. Mrs. Mountford Wilson, Mr. A.
EC John Bowie. Miss Mabel McClay, Mr.
W. H. Babcock, Mrs. J. B. Casserly, Mr.
Howard Chase. Mrs. W. H. Babcock, Mr.
J. D. Grant and Madame Le Lande.
The army and navy officers Joined me
civil throng last night In paying tribute to
the genius of art. The glitter of golden
braid and the luster of brass buttons
added to the grandeur of the scene.
When it came to dancing and Jesting with
the fair sex the army was not shy and
neither was the navy timid.
MIDNIGHT SAW
THE SCENE AND
SOFTLY SMILED
AT MIDNIGHT all the old-time ball
goers, as well as the youthful pa
trons (jf the dance, testified that the
seventh, Mardi Gras -was the success of
the season. As early as U 'o'clock. . the
managers began to persuade, the. bankers,
merchants and professional men of middle
and advanced age that It was time they
were going to supper. The plain Inference
was that youth was eager for larger danc
ing space in the Jester's room and art gal
lery.
When the masks were thrown aside at
midnight there were the usual surprises
of the bal masque.
Caterer Wheeler managed his depart
ment of the functions with. ability and
served the array of Prince Carnival in
good style.
Fortune seemed to smile on the carni
val from the time of the grand march on
to the "sma' hours." - The" ¦ thousand
lights, under the careful supervision of
electricians, did not fail. The number of
tickets sold, from which the association
receives $5 for each "one, was 760. This
showing gratified the president and the
directors.
As the night wore on the music became
more animated. The supper, too, had an
enlivening effect. There was a promise of
fun, something touching the innocent riot
of the carnival season.
PERMANENT " I
CURES I
FOR DISEASES AND I
WEAKNESS OF MEN. j
WE AVOID THE USE OF MINERAL §
or other dangerous medicines and I]
electric belts, and never undertake an in- ||
curable case. at any price. All medlcln*s H
free to Datients. . E>3
OUR BASK DEPO'IT GUARANTEE. H
. Patients may deposit the price of a cure ||
in any San Francisco bank, to be paid I
only p.fter they are well, or may pay In ™
monthly Installments. We use no lnjurf- ¦
ous medicines or electric belu. n
HOME CURE— FREE BOOK. I
-JE^ usan<!S T. of men *"* CUT * a « home fl
every year. If you cannot visit San Fran- I?
dsco. write for free private book, advice fj
cSnVia""' ** A " ««™P«-£i |
DR. MEYERS & CO., 1
781 MIREBT BTL, 8. ». Takt Klrrmtor. M
HOURS— DaIIy, 8 to 5: Evenings, 7 to S-
. , . Sundays. Jto 11, * 3
"— — "m— nnfTnimwi iniiiiiwinn
4Presidential Nominations.
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
State— Henry B. Miller of Oregon to be
Consul at Chun^kire. China.
War— Daniel Van Voorbis of Ohio to be
second lieutenant of cavalry. U. S. A.
Navy— Daniel W. Blake of Mississippi
to be second lieutenant in the Marina
Corps.
PIPEMEN KILLED.
Horribly Crushed by Explosion in a
Water-Purifying Machine.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 27.— F. Lemars, a
pipeman, employed at the Ice and Cold
Storage Company's plant here, was in
stantly killed this morning by the blowing
out of a cylinder head in a hundred-horse
power water purifier. Lemars was driv
ing the head in place and stood dlrectly
over it. He was blown about twenty
feet and every* bone in his body was
broken.
her husband's store during hi 3 absence
and demanded JIOO of her as b!aS
with him. and when she refused ne
chargred her with stealing a watch
The woman was brought to San Jose to
day to answer to the charge before Jus
tice Rosenthal. The complainant failed
n^&Wh"^*,? 8 ch -. an : e was dismissed
Deputy Sheriff Secord of Napa then took
possession of the woman on a felony
charge and Deputy Sheriff Bach* made
a grab for her to answer to> a Federal
warrant charging her with belnj? unlaw
fully in this country. As a compromise
the woman was taken to the County Jail
T? e ff $? • offlcer V*atched over Tai Gan.'
At 11:39 o clock she was taken before
Court Commissioner James to answer to
the cnanre of being unlawfully in this
country. A time was set for her examina
tion, pending which she will be confined in
tS &m oV rf^ ShC SIVeS bail to
The felony complaint la Napa was prob
ably only placed afrairyt the woman so as
to sex. her back there. The fight over
the woman promises to be a. lively one.
ard her husband fears she will be kid
naped.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
on sale here, ™ OoW^Hltiile ftazaar. ™ per do;en f
IOCm CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE $1.5 Q.
4 ; : ¦ — '- *.
C&a^ jr Dry Goods and Cloak Stock,
-V- Strauss & Co.,
c>c^ ? *%r&L Retail Clothing Stock,
j&jfarjffo Brown Bros. & Co.,
%o *^ % ~*-*' 121 Sansome Street.
Begins To-M arrow (Thursday).
-?— ; : 1 : — ; —^
A Batch cf Very Special Offerings for
Queen Lily Soap 75c Satin Damas A e3t Si:k s ? eci3l for
w 9 , f ? r^ Cm , S Foulards44cyd. %H?«*s£grj&
f^H vf 6^ ll } 18 , d a/ ™£> m Danas Foulards, aQ pure sflk and will gixe good wear;
g while the supply lasts, 3000 pretty floral desigllS for dresses ; regular price 75c
>¦ a S » U%» W per yard ' Tery Bpecial price for da ' °^-^ A/If*
jliMj.J— :. soap IffJ"&y /v>«U F '77r7T7p" »e>-ya"' £ * £ *C
+*?-,'7P&***\;' special price IV-M First <AtsU- Left cf Entrance.
K°n~ uJ %!S 15c Novelty &&<**ct^»r^
¦p^^^^ SOC awjg Piques We rartt.^Lrs^^
HK J ~lP\U : l,lr~A J Entity too. "^HRP- importation ; onr regnlar 15c per yard quality; on special
BM V - t0 iwSuSr Fale to-day (Wednesday) only f|| A
TO PP ! y tne -per yard MUG
Grlly T>epartmcnt-R<ar Main Floor. ' [g" J I Floor-Off Tjctunda.
wt^X5 r T^ Cni W^^2S SL?S Very Fine Playing « ftf*
at the very special price.... per bottio Y&C packs finest grade en-
. • aselea playing carcis, fty x^
Mam Floor -T^tar. with p h otog raphic re- -.—J^^Q]
Lace Curtains ™* have *»* ™ 2 p airs » &¦ SSSm on bLk. th in djy / <LAaX*z*
98c the Pair. %L 1 j;?Jll\uZ?*Z }£>?JX
style 45 inches wide, SJ yards long, has heavy border and f? I 3-c card on C Ts l^s^^2^7^*2sl^
net center, either white or ecra the other style is 50 inches IZ J * > *^^r^VL i 'iS
wide, Si yards long, scroll border with a handsome email n^fl iff"ly"** •'CTss/*^!^^ ' C *
pattern runnir.fr through the center, regularly .>1.25 per y M%^C -^
pair, special price for this day only pen - _ pax. X —
pail* - %2%sZ* "Bargain Tables— {Main xAiili.
**" Proprietors of hotels and rooming :
JfiZXT- t?"lt"f* mer ""' k ""' °" er - 2Oc Dress Skirtings »*-•«-•«..•'
Bia Garnet and Extra indncements . fsff:. -8 . { -ftf t v , Stri P eDres3 u =-
Dfy «IfIM . t0 hol3se fnrili3her3 mg and Skirting, 33 inches wide, ia " the latest colorincs—
Furniture Specials, for Wednesday and ne T blne ' V*^ 1 * aad cerise « a ' 80 fa black with E ol^ ««?»
Thursday only * zai P nr P'« stripe, «n extra good Talne at the regular
Dining Chair s-Box seat, solid golden oak dining price ; on special sale this day only 1/L*%
chairs, regularly $3.00 each; for two days $2.25 ~PBP yard #"*rt*T
Hall Hat Rack— Golden oak, with 18x30-inch berel Lining 'Department— (Main Floor.
plate mirror, regularly 515.00; for two days ..$9*75 .
Folding Beti— Solid golden oak, with fine wire mattre3s. W \
regularly $22.50; for two days $16.75 ,t, t T"O3SterS 311 Cf T™ nsefnl articles from
Brass Bed— All solid brass, lacquered, regularly 535.00; ' M#«>4~» „ D,.- f..^ A the Hoxae Furnishing De-
for two days $26.25 Water ESUCKetSm partment at specially re-
Gontiii nation Sideboard end Chi naCfoset . c;pw^ duced prices for this day only.
Solid oak, regularly ?40.C0; for two days $31. 50 llfc sm^t\\ 240 indurated fiber Water Buckets, rery
Taoestry Brussels Carpet— Wool surface, Tery sJ!/!£lzlr\\\ strong, liacht and durable, on special
choice patterns, per yard .'. - 45c /»ritt4i*il,r\ 6a * e e< * nes day» *nile the quantity
Body Brussels— Par: or effects, per yard 921 c r^^wHlc^UTU lasts •' 25b
Axminster Carpet — Heavy pile goods, handsomely Nri^^' rw!44 Bread Toasters, like picture, to be
lined, per yard $ImOO ¦ osed on gas or oil stovea, toasts 4 slices
Linen Warp Matting -Big importation just re- Bfc » time, evenly aad quickly, at the very special price,
ceived, per yard 22\c eac^ 3io
Second Floor. j First Floor— Rear.
Xj\' Don't forget this week's big offering of
W<V Ladies' $3.50 Shoes at $2.58.
o%\ p/h • • S* S P os^ ve *y e greatest shoe value ever offered on the coast. Until clos-
|\JlK A/ ing time next Saturday night the choice of seven fashionable styles of our celebrated
\ ['• £s Ladies' ?3.50 Shoes— kid tops, cloth tops, lace or button — various styles of toss and heels — sizes from 2Jto
5 If tbs * rom -^ *° —^ c Dest fitting, the best wearing and the most comfortable shoes aflfe4S EZO%
\ J eTer sold for le?s than $5.00 a pair— for Sn^Z-Jtin
CHANGES OF
BENEFIT TO
THE ARMY
Secretary Root's Appeal on
Behalf of the Military
Bill.
TO IMPROVE THE SERVICE
Lessons Taught by the War With
Spain Used to Good Advantage
in the Framing of the
Measure.
WASHINGTON. Feb. Z7. — Secretary
Root to-day appeared berore the House
Committee on Military Affairs and made
a strong appeal to the committee to re
port favorably the bill drafted by him. to
Increase the efficiency o£ the army. The
Secretary said In part:
The bill is limited to three subjects. (1) Pro
motion in the line: <Z) tenure of etaS appoint
ments and the relations between the staff and
the line; (3) reorganization of the artillery.
It Is carefully framed to avoid raising the
QUeeticn ef the sixe cf tbe army, which, it is
understood. Congress Is not now ready to dis
cuss, and its provisions are made applicable
to any army of whatever slie Congress may
determine upon.
Tbe provision as to line promotion is that
every third promotion to the office of major,
lieutenant colonel and oolcnel shall be by se
lection, leaving the other two-thirds to be as
at present, by seniority. This Is designed to
afford some alight optxjrtunity for recognition
of exceptional ability and gallantry. Under
the present law, which permits promotion
only by seniority, the President is prohibited
from reaognlring meritorious or gallant con
duct: tbe most effective and brilliant service
must go unrewarded, the thoughtful, devoted
and ambitious young man Is precluded from
advancing himself by his own exertion a hair's
breadth beyond the indolent, the dull and the
Inefficient man who i« Just able to perform
duty to keep from being turned out of the
service.
Guarding Against Favoritism.
The only objections to the proposed measur.
ar» that there may be favoritism in the selec
tions. The impartiality of the selection Is safe
guarded by the provision of the bill that the
promotion shall be made from a list of three
officers selected from the grade from which
the promotion is to be made by a board of
officers of superior rank convened for that
purpose and sworn to make the selection ac
cording to the merits and fitness of the com
mandant a* ehown by hie service records.
From these three the President is to make
the nomination, which has again to pat's the
ordeal of confirmation by the Senate. The of
ficers of the army have its efficiency and honor
and Justice to Their fallows more deeply at
heart than any one else in the world, and this
bill puts Into their hands tbe power and im
poses upon them the solemn duty of confining
these promotions strictly within the lines of
Justice.
The sections relating to staff organizations
provide for the abolition of the present sys
tem of permanent staff appointments and for
the substitution of details from the line or the
staff for periods of four years, unless sooner
terminated by the President, with the require
ment that upon the expiration of a detail the
officer shall serve at least one year in the line
before he Is eligible for another detail. The
advantages of these provisions. I believe, will
be manifold. I think the change will break up
and prevent the tendency to bureaucratic gov
ernment, of which there Is always danger, and
will increase the efficiency of both the line and
the staff, by breaking down the division be
tween them, by giving to each a more intimate
and personal knowledge and appreciation of
the difficulties and the needs of the other, and
by creating a larger body of all-around men
READY TO-DAY.
THE MARCH
CENTURY
Beginning a New Serial Norel by
Dr. S. Weir Kitchell,
Author of "Hugh Wynne/
"DR. NORTH
AND HiS FRIENDS"
The 'story will be found to be the most
individual of Dr. Mitchell's works of fic-
tion. -<>">:;.e who has read the manuscript
says: "Jt is an epitome of the science.
cjitur*' and coir.pion sense of the nine-
" terr-ih century.*" There arc more good
fiorns to.d in it than the ordinary diner-
out will hear in a lifetime.
THE NATIONAL "ZOO"
AT WASHINGTON.
Written and Illustrated by
ERNEST SETON-THOMPSON,
Authcr cf "TTild Animals I Have
Kncwn," "The Biography of a
Grizzly." etc
Finst Article.
Mr. Eeton-Thoir.pson. In this article,
cities a powerful plea for the preserva-
tion of wild animals now threatened with
extinction. He raises a question as to
whether domestic animals have not been
of mere value to mankind than human in-
PAfilS OF THFFAIJBOURGS
Inscribed by RICHIRD WHITEI.NG.
Illustrated byCASTAIGNE.
ROBERT HERRICK,
The Alan and the Poet,
By Thomas Bailey Aldrich.
THE GIANT INDIANS OF
TIERRA DEL FUEGO,
By Dr. Frederick A. Cook,
•f the Belgian Antarctic Expedition.
Illustrated.
MORLEVS GIeEAT LIFE OF
CROMWELL.
MOSZKOWSKI ON MEYERBEER
HOW THE "SPRAY" WAS
PLANNED AND BUILT,
By Captain Joshua Slocum,
¦Who sailed, Eingle-hs nded, around the
world.
O'MEARA'S
Talks with Napoleon.
"The Century has opened another lite-
rary mire that promises to pan out rich
.material— this is the dairy of O'Meara."
•Hitherto -unpublished.
COMPLETE STORIES, ETC., ETC.
Price 3s Cents. Sold Everywhere.
THE CENTURY CO.
SAT AUCTION!
TUESDAY... -March 6. 1900,
AT IS O'CLOCK NOON. AT
Onr Salesroom, 638 Market Street
• • PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
TV«« ride; No. SOS Cole rt_. U fwt S. of Pa«*:
toe modern residence of * rooms, bath and
basement; lot nxJO6:3.
TO-CLOSE AN ESTATE.
ScTJth eifit-: No. IST7 Howard *t-. 212^ E. of
¦ Twelfth: 2 well-built Sat* of Z and € roosis and
bath; rents I*4 s>er month; SJxIOO.
FILLiIORE--STRnirr INVESTMENT.
TTert Vifie; No. SCS Fillmore «t.. 10J feet N.
cf Eaerasiento; center of business section; 2
Cats of S roots* and bath; lot 25x90:6.
PARTITION . BALE— DOWNTOWN INVEST-
MENT..
Eofcth el<se: No. C 4 Merchant «t.. bet. Kearny
aad Montgomery: itnnrtn-emests 2-etory brick j
tuilcisc; adjoining new Hall of Justice.
PROBATE HALE.
Sooth «1«e; No. 2417 California et.. 206:3 feet
E. -of Fteiaer: larce residence cf " rooms &sd
bats; rents SSO per month; Jot 34:4^x137:6.
PINE-STREET FLATS.
So-Jth side; Noa. 2C3J-2f-41 Pine et.. 137 :« feet (
£. cf Buchanan; 2 el^rast modern Sats of 6 and
" rooir-s and bath; rests JS6 5b per month; lot '
SSX327A.
FOF.ECLOSI.-RE BALE.
North eifie; No. ZZA Twenty-fifth et., 2C2:S E.
of Howard; elerant modern house of 7 rooms
i_-- i bath; rest* 120 per month.
PP.OBATE BALE.
North «lSe; Nor 4Tr-4Tri4 Fulton tt.'. 152:6 W.
cf Gourn: larse let, 27:6x127:6; rood insprore-
r.T'.f . 2 frost fiats and rear house; rents Hi
per xnorrth.
TEHAMA-STREET INVESTMENT.
Northwesterly side: Not. 164-16 C Tehaxna «t_.
3% feet N. E. from Third; 3-rtory bulldlnc of 4
tenements; «Jway« rented; rente $30 per month;
lot rr:.
MARINE VIETT LOT.
Scsth eifte Filbert «t.. 37:6 E. ef Leaveawerth.;
eize 71x17:6.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
Southeast corner Fillmore aad Francisco sts.;
It-fe lot, 13£^x90; or wili sell in subdivisions.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
Auctioneers. 63S- Market ft-
gpsiltlilpll CFfP^npii 1
\^^ UUllMli
WHEN we say "RUPTURE CURED" we
mean It. for it :s a fact that thousands of cures
Lave been accomplieheil by Dr. Pierre's World-
KJKHUrf EX-ECTItIC TRrsS *erin* the past
. twenty -fl--* years. Tbere is nothing else like It
on earth! It dues the work! Hare received so
icacT letter* er.d teitimocia!* that we hardly
knew what to do with them all. If ruptured in-
vectievte at once. Our prices are reasonable,
but nut cheap. TVe r.£ke no discount*. "Dr.
Pierces" ie THE truss, aad you caJinot be
happy till jrru cet it.
you can (prt our "BOOKLET No. 1" for noth-
lnr by calling at the office, cr it will be Bent to
jju on receirrt- of a 2-rer.t rrx,rra. It tells all
sic-st thi* TnrFS. Addresr
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
CT> Market rtreet. SAN FRANCISCO.
it Tribune b^lldir.z:, NEW YORK.
HR , CHICMCSTER'S CNCUSH
fm HVROYAL PILLS
*•»*.<¦• i*i»e>«. Lmdlo. Mk Dncrrirt
f-J\ P*^. ** CHICHI>TEK'S E.NCUSH
IV'v'PjfSr+iiA UED v.4 O«ld art&^ic born, flat
!T\ -r-^%'4 *«»> «••"• rtl-l»a. T«ke »¦ «l L< r. Brfm**
7^l S»J -~_> I>Mtimi «-iiU.tH»tl«n« »od I«tl».
¦ I / . (7T tJ»«». fcuy o* t»»t ttrutsut. or m«4 ?«¦. la
1 "•¦ k. '•¦»^:* '•" P^rtlrnUr*. TritlmosUU
t" !¦? •*! "lt«"!l<-f f«r I, wllw, 'nhflr.k; rr-
— >¦. if Itn MkU. llM'»Olnu*«ni»li. 6tU.hr
' MTjTvspmu. <L)rhr.t<-r«Lrm>r»!C*,
e«asiot tLir j»pa. M»dlf ¦ Nt»re. VUILJL-. PA.
DDTTCLII7C "°R barbers, bak-
IjixlJ OillLlD '«• bootblack*, batn-
**" v »^«.*^-s"^ hTOJIMI billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinder*, canfiy-makera. canners,
dyers Sour mills, foundries.. laundrie*. papr-
prlriter". r»'r.ter». thoe- factories, sta-
t/lenien. tar-rocfers. tanners, tailors, etc
tSUCUKH KS BROS..
Errsh Jttanuiacttirers. 609 Sacramento St
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
trained In every branch 1 of the service and
competent for any command, instead of men
who have been trained la one branch only.
Efficiency of Bureau Chiefs.
The provision which permits th« President to
terminate a detail to the staff is of tbe high
est importance. Nothing could be more un
practical than the present permanent tenure
cf the chief of a bureau. The President, as
Commander-in-chief, ia responsible for the ef
ficiency of the army. In time of war he 1«
expected by the country to produce results by
Its use. He can determine who shall command
the armies and can change generals in com
mand as often as he chooses, but he is abso
lutely powerless as to the heads of these great
departments which organize and assemble and
feed and clothe and transport and arm and
equip and care for the army. Victory, or, de
feat is organized in the staff departments be
fore a shot Is fired. Inefficiency in them means
necessary disaster at the beginning and the
expenditure of countless treasure and the sac
rifice of countless lives. Yet no matter how
plainly inadequate to the task the head of one
of these departments may be. the President it
powerless to make a change unless the officer
commits itome distinct and heinous offense
upon which he can be court-martialed and dis
missed from the service. |
The Secretary said care had been taken
to protect the rights of incumbents of
staff positions, and he understood the
great majority of them were' satisfied to
accept the change cheerfully. Their op
position, he said, was purely personal and
of the same kind which for years had un
dermined every attempt at improving
army organizations. Such considerations
should not prevail.
He then explained the provisions of the
bill in detail, dwelling especially on those
relating to the artillery. An increase of
6500 men. almost all In the coast artillery,
had been provided for, but the increase
would be spread over five years, and in
order to avoid raising any question as to
the size of our army at this time, the
1300 increase each year would be made up
by recruiting that many fewer in other
arms of the service. The regimental or
ganization ¦ was abandoned as to the ar
tillery, and the battery' or company
adopted as the unit of organization, sub
stantially all military authorities being
agreed that there was only a multiplica
tion # of red tape, and no sense, in trying
to administer the artillery arm on a regi
mental basis when only one battery as a
rule was In one locality. A chief of ar
tillery was provided in order that this,
like other important branches, should
have a responsible head.
Some Opposition Develops.
Members of the committee asked many
questions and showed, great Interest in
the Secretary's statement. The provision
giving the adjutant general of the army
the rank of major general developed some
opposition, and Marsh of Illinois moved
to strike it out, but the motion did not
prevail. Section 2, which is Intended to
appply to General Shafter. again brought
out a motion by Jett of Illinois to strike
out, which also failed. The bill as. a
whole was then agreed to by a divided
vote. The first section abolishes post
chaplains, and authorizes the President to
appoint a chaplain for each regiment, reg
ular and volunteers. The other section is
as follows:
That the President Is hereby authorized to
eelet-t from the retired list of the army an of
ncer not above the rank of brigadier general,
who m&v have distinguished himself during
the war with Spain, in command of a separate
army, and to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, the officer co se
lected to be major general United States army,
¦with the pay and allowance established by law
for officers of that grade on the retired list.
That en and after the pat-pap? of this act
the adjutant ceneral of the United Stales army
fhall have the rank, pay and allowanced of a
major general.
Common whisky is a curse— the Old
Government is a blesslne. •
OFFICERS AT
WAR OVER A
CHINESE WOMAN
Highbinders File Various
Charges to Gain a
Slave.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 27.— Tal Gan, a comely
Chinese maiden, was the bone of conten
tion between two Chinese factions in the
courts here to-day. Officers with war
rants for various charges wrangled over
the possession of the girl. It is the same
old story of a gang of highbinders trying
to get possession of a merchant's wife to
make a slave of her. Tai Gan is the wife
of Gee Hop, a Napa merchant, and was
married to the latter last December in
the office of the District Attorney of that
county by an Episcopal minister. Ac
cording to her story a hlghbinJ^r entered
curtain pole: Frank Dayton, Portland,
William T. Dodd, Walla
Walla, school desk: Jefferson J. Nagle,
Marysville, tongue support; Thomas Ked
dintr, Seattle, fish trap net.
Eugene D. Sullivan of San Francisco
and George W. Fogg of Tacoma Wash.,
have been admitted to practice before the
Interior Department.
Pensions— California: Original— Eugene
Bogaslch, San Francisco, $6: John Me-
Graw Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. So;
John Weaver. Eureka. $S; Simeon Nixon.
Soldiers* Home, Los Angeles, $6.
Renewal— John A. D. Arcy. Soldiers
Home, Los Angeles, $8.
Increase— John Hart, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $6 to $8.
War with Spain, original— Daniel B.
Raymond, Pasadena. $S.
Oregon— Original— Henry Charles Pauld-
Washington— Original— Michael- Mulli
gan, Seattle. $6; Charles Smith, Issaqua'a.
$S
increase— James E. Riggs, Napavine, S6
tO $8. ;.- ":'•:¦ - ?;
OF INTEREST
TO PEOPLE OF
PACIFIC COAST
More Money Is Asked for
the Lighthouse
1 ender«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.-
The Secretary of the Treasury to-day
submitted to Congress a recommendation
for an additional appropriation jof $30,000
for the new lighthouse tender now under
construction for service in Alaskan wat
ers. The last Congress appropriated $100,
000 for this vessel, but the j amount was
found insufficient and the Lighthouse
Board has asked the Secretary of the
Treasury to recommend an increase.
Representative de Vries to-day appeared
before the House Committee on Rivers
and Harbors in advocacy of his resolu
tion authorizing the Secretary' of War to
purchase lands for and tp proceed with
the works recommended by the Cali
fornia Debris Commission. The commit
tee has taken the matter under advise
ment and will report to the House in a
few days.
Representative Bell of Colorado to-day
introduced a bill directing the Secretary
of War to pay all volunteer soldiers who
were in the Philippine Islands. when the
peace treaty with Spain was signed the
difference between the full travel pay and
the actual value of such accommodations
as were furnished them by the United
States Government. This bill is intro
duced in the Interest of the Colorado
Regiment, but will Include California and
all other regiments who were in service
there at that time.
Senator Foster to-day introduced a bill
reimbursing A. F. Learned of Port Town
send for the amount lost by him by hav
ing his. safe blown up while acting as
Postmaster at that place.
S. A. Johnstone was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Amadee, Lassen County
vice J. H. Hart, resigned.
A postoffice was to-day established at
Peanu. Trinity County, and Richard W
Cuff was appointed Postmaster. The post
office at Oneonta, San Diego County, will
be discontinued after March 15. Mall
should be sent . to South Dieeo. Pacific
Coast patents were granted to-day as fol
lows:
California: Charles Y. Delay, Murphy
elastic tread horse shoe; John T. Rister'
Eagleville. nail; George Gates. Jackson.'
concentrator; Walter R. Hall. San Fran
cisco, assignor of one-half to A. O. Colton
toilet soap holder: Dennis Jordan. San
Francisco, rotary dredging and excavat
ing machine; Martin J. Kerrigan, Stock
ton, coal and slate separator; Ellas L. Mc-
Clure, San Francisco, loose leaf ledger;
John C. Myer. San Francisco, lock; Au
gust • Newell, Pasadena, lock adjustment
for Journal bearings; Elmer E. Nye and
L. C. Mclntosh. Los Angeles, circuit closer
for telegraph key; William B. Pless. as
signor of one-half to P. F. Dundon San
Francisco, dredger: Edward J. Robinson.
Santa Monica, attachment for. ink bottles-
William F. Schmidt, Blanco, beet plow-
Arthur T. Snell, Los Angeles,- hook and
eye; Joseph L. Wilson, Los Angeles, coin
operated mechanism and escapement re
leasing mechanism for coin operative ma
chines. ' *. ' -
Oregon— Almon S. v enen. Forest Grove,
VERY FEW PEOPLE
I _ . _ ..
Are Free From Some Form ox Indi-
gestion.
Very few people are free from some
form of indigestion, but scarcely two will
have the same symptoms.
Seme suffer most directly after eating,
bloating from pas in stomach and bowels,
others have heartburn or sour risings,
still others have palpitation of heart.
headaches, sleeplessness, pains in chest
and under shoulder blades, some have ex-
treme nervousness as in nervous dyspep-
sia.
But whatever the symptoms may be,
the cause in all cases of indigestion is the
same: that Is, the stomach for some rea-
son fails to properly and promptly digest
what is eaten.
This is the whole story of stomach trou-
bles In a nutshell. The stomach must have
I rest and assistance and Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets give it both by supplying
those natural digestives which every weak
stomach lacks, owing to the failure of the
peptic glands in the stomach to secrete
sufficient acid and pepsin to thoroughly
digest and assimilate the food eaten.
One grain of the active principle in
Etuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will digest
3000 grains of meat, egrgs or other whole- ;
some food, and this claim has been proven
by actual experiment which any one can
perform for himself In the following man-
ner: Cut a hard boiled egg Into very
small pieces, as It would be if masticated,
place the egg and two or three of the
tablets In a bottle or Jar containing warm
¦water heated to 98 degrees (the tempera-
ture of the body) and keep it at this tem-
perature for three and one-half hours, at
tbe end of which time tbe egg will be as
completely digested as it would have been
In tb« healthy stomach of a hungry boy.
The point of this experiment is that
what Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will do
to the egg in the bottle it will do to the
egg or meat in the stomach, and nothing
else will rest and invigorate the stomach
so safely and effectually. Even a little
child can take Stuart's Tablets with safety
and benefit if its digestion Is weak and
the thousands of cures accomplished by
their regular dally use are easily ex-
plained when It is understood that they
are composed of vegetable essences, asep-
tic pepsin, diastase and Golden Seal,
which mingle with the food and digest it
thoroughly, giving the overworked stom-
ach a chance to recuperate.
Dieting never cures dyspepsia, neither
do pills and cathartic medicines, which -
simply irritate and inflame the Intestines. '
When enough food is eaten and prompt-
ly digested there will be no constipation,
nor in fact will there be disease of any
kind, because good digestion means good
health In every organ.
The merit and success of Stuart's ' Dy-
spepsia Tablets are world wide and they
are sold at the moderate price of 50 cts.
for full-sized package in every drugstore
In the United States and Canada, as well
as in Europe.
For the information of those Interested
a' little book will be mailed free by ad-
dressing F. A, Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich., giving briefly the symptoms of the
various forms of stomach weakness,
causes and cure-
The Key to Health
Beecham's Pills
A Gentle Cathartic
Beecham's Pills
f For Sick Headache, etc.
t Beecham's Pills }
i Anneal Sale, 6,000,000 boxes. 4
i V lO cents and 2S cents— Drugrflsts. j
HORRIFYING
SCENES AT A
TRAIN WRECK
Women Burned to Death
in Full View of '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Feb. 27.— The bliz
zard prevailing throughout Western Mis
souri was the cirect cause of a train
wreck to-night on the main line of the
Missouri Pacific Railroad, In which at
least two persons and possibly more were
killed and several others were badly hurt.
The fast St. Louis day express, due to
arrive in Kansas City at 5:45 this evening,
was delayed by a freight train which
stuck in a snow drift two miles south of
Independence, Mo., about twelve' miles out
of Kansas City. The St. Louis local pas
senger train, running forty minutes beiiind
the fast express, came on through the
blinding snowstorm and crashed into the
express train ahead, the engineer having
failed in the driving snow to see the dan
ger signal which the first train had sent
back.
Such was the force of the collision that
the parlor car, which was In the rear of
the first train, was literally cut In two.
When Engineer" Frank Raymond and his
fireman escaped from the wreck they
crawled out through the windows of the
parlor car. Fire added to the horrors of
the wreck, coals from the furnace of the
shattered engine having fallen among the
debris of the splintered coach, and soon
the whole wreck was ablaze. Two or more
persons, it 1b believed, were burned. A ;let
of the dead and seriously injured, so far
as known, ie as follows:
Dead:
MRS. J. G. SCHMIDLAPP, Cincinnati;
instantly killed; body recovered.
UNKNOWN WOMAN; body consumed
in wreck.
Injured: J. G. Schmidlapp, Cincinnati,
will recover. Miss Schmidlapp, Cincinnati,
scalded; will lose sight of both eyes.
Mrs. J. Balke, Cincinnati; mother of
Mrs. Schmidlapp, badly scalded, eyesight
lost, but may recover. W. R. Vaughn,
Cincinnati; newspaper reporter; scalded
and right arm crushed; amputation neces
sary. L*. F. Sheldon, Sedalia; assistant
superintendent of Missouri Pacific, pain
fully scalded. Braketnan Frank McAfee,
St. Louis; badly bruised. Mrs. Elizabeth
Peters, Kansas City; scalded. Mrs. Eliza
beth Lee, Cincinnati; scalded.
All of the injured have been brought to
the University Hospital in Kansas City.
William Rost. a farmer, near whose
place th« wreck occurred, and who was
one of the first to render any assistance
to the Imperiled passengers, is quite- sure
that at least three women were burned in
the wreck. When he reached the car
flames were crackling through the splint
ered woodwork of the car at one end,
while at the other a cloud of blistering
steam was belching from the locomo
tive, which had ripped the coach open
from end to end. On every side were
men and women crying for assistance.
Mr. Rost's first act was to pull from the
wreck a woman whose legs were sticking
out through a broken window. She was
not badly hurt. By the time this had
been accomplished other passengers from
the forward coaches had come back and
helped out all of those in the burning car
who could be reached.
Mr. Rost states that he saw the body
of one woman jammed in the roof of the
burning coach, and that it was not
reached by the rescuers. The body of an
other woman was consumed in full view
of the passenger* who gathered about the
wreck.
Mr. Rost and others tried to drag her
out, but she was pinioned under heavy
wreckage. Mr. Rost says the young wo
man was apparently dead, as he reached
her hand and there was no response to
his efforts at rescue. He describes the
woman as about 25 years of age. She
wore a dark dress and a leather chate
laine hung from her waist.
Mr. Rost believes that he saw the body
of still a third woman wedged between
timbers of the» burning coach, but before
he could get closer the fire and smoke and
steam obscured his view.
CINCINNATI. Feb. 27.— J. G. Schmid
lapp is president of the Union Savings
Bank and Trust Company in this city. He
is connected with very many industries
here and In Ohio and Kentucky, and Is
considered a multi-millionaire.
For years President McKinley has been
his guest when he visited this city. When
President McKinley was here two years
ago Mrs. Schmldlapp gave a large recep
tion in honor of Mrs. McKinley. Mrs
Schmldlapp was a patron of literature
and music as well as of many charitable
organizations. The Schmidlapps left yes
terday for a month's absence at Pasa
dena. Cal.
Mrs. Charlotte Balke, the mother of
Mrs. Schmldlapp. Is the widow of the late
Julius BaJke. of the Brunswick-Balke-
Collender Company.
AD VTRTI SE3VIZKTS.
THE EMPOEJTJM.
THE . EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1900.
GIVES LIFE
AS THE WAGE
OF HER SIN
Love Tragedy Back of the
Suicide of Bessie Evans ¦
at Madera.
BUSINESS MAN DENOUNCED
Citizens in Mass-Meeting Adopt Res
olutions Branding Louis Kutner
as a Moral Coward and So
cial Outcast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADERA, Feb. 27.— Bessie* Evans, a
popular young waitress employed. at the
Yosemite Hotel, swallowed an ounce of
carbolic acid last Tuesday morning and
ran Into the room of Louis Kutner, a
prominent business man, where she died
a few minutes later. At first the fact of
her having died in the young man's room
was regarded as a mere accident, but
upon closer investigation evidence was
discovered which appeared to argue more
than that.
Two notes were found, both of which
had been written by the girl and ad
dressed to Kutner., In the first she said
that she loved him and that if it were not
for him she would not kill herself. The
second note was written on the back of a
postal card and was a trite quotation to
the effect that "chastity is the most
priceless g^ft that God has given to wo
man, and it should be returned to Him
unsullied." This note was signed with
the girl's initials, "B. E."
The Coroner's jury investigated the
case and examined several witnesses. It
read the notes written by the girl and ad
dressed to Kutner. The inquest resulted
in a verdict of suicide, the jury failing to
fix any responsibility.
When the notes were read at the in
quest and other evidence brought out. the
facts created a sensation. A number of
the society women of the town, headed by
Mrs. Dr. Butin, held a meeting at which
it was decided to issue a call for a mass
meeting of citizens to take place at the
Presbyterian Church last night. Fully
200 of Madera's citizens were in attend
ance and the discussion was of the most
animated description. The facts in the
case were reviewed and young Kutner
was denounced. A set of resolutions was
finally adopted without dissent, in which
the young business man was declared to
be morally responsible for the death of
the girl. Some of the most radical por
tions are as follows:
Kutner Denounced.
"Whereas. An innocent youne girl of excellent
reputation (by name Bessie Evans) having been
betrayed by flattering promises and the hope
of a future happy home into an unholy alliance
with a moral coward, not to say libertine <by
name Louis Kutner), who by his relationship
with her and the conditions Into which he
wantonly hurled her has by these misdeeds
caused her to seek and find a suicide's jrrave
unavenged. Therefore be It
Resolved. That we, the citizens of Madera, in
mass meeting assembled, in the name of moral
purity, home and Justice, do hereby call upon
all to •whom these presents may come to use
every moral influence to erase from our midst
the name of Louis Kutner, whem we brand as
a social outcast.
Re«olved. That we view with consternation
the attitude of the Madera Times In this case.
in which It makes an effort to gloss over this
crime and by innuendo to blacken the reputa
tion of the dead girl. We believe that where
a newsDaoer tries to condone such a crtme as
this it Is not worthy of the, respect or support
of the public.
The next resolution asks the Board of
Supervisors , of. -Madera- County to with
draw all the county patronage from the
Times. The paper Is a -weekly and is
edited by J. E. Nugrent. It suppressed the
sensational features of the suicide in its
account of the affair, and defended Kut
ner. Ine Mercury, another weekly, takes
the side of the people as represented in
the mass meeting.
The suicide and its consequences have
worked up the people of Madera to a
state of high excitement. Kutner has
left town and it Is said that he is in San
Francisco.
A WASTED LIFE.
I^l A Broken-Down Man at 42.
'Re W "Here I am, forty-two years old. making money, good prospects in
V^V^^^ business, lots of friends, a social favorite, like to mix with a jolly croud.
look the picture of health, but don't feel it by a Ion? ?hot. Don't -ecm
fwivi^&S&SzEfiwL to aye any am^ ) '' ton;t ' on; :^ e °*d 6re, the vim, the vitality thai I used tJ
m!^^^^ rO VITAL ENERGY GONE.
J. "I can't shake off this feelir.g that I am losing rr.y prip. going bnck-
/%g^ : .'>.lifeffi^ ward. I must brace up. I am losing the best part of my existence.
/«? ••¦•/'¦¦¦ ffi?*H/cIM UiWtSit^:^ i *' m to ° >' oun S a man I'?- to £ ive U P the Pleasures of life."
4nrff^'r 1 ' I " his is not an ' ma ? inar >' P^ture. as it strikes home to thousands of
till mil Will i lM^^*^^ active business men. men of the world, men who have led a fast pice or
Vnmllffiil'llt&Zt&^ui *V followed it. I am meeting with such men every day and helping them.
ywMrf/ftitv&^&Fli^^^' -' To such men E Jectr icjty »s a source of great joy. It elevates, vit !;z?>
1 W'fr $w'^-' r ' * — '-- *" :: ~~ - and re i uvenates the vita l pans, renewing the strength and confidei cc >i
icfv jvj Ir£~[i»l "Z '¦ ¦ mi ' I. ¦¦ i« youth. Are you such a man? Then use Dr. McLau^h'in'^ El-ctric
HL^^JBFI- :^frt' < ''^"^''V'''^ WJ c^' *^ s c parts w'l^w ' 1^ A ' arm vitality. It renews the vigor c: y. u*h
K/rfyH&W *'$ ?W^V^4 an^ makes all parts of the body equally strong.
¥lmM coiiorseodfor DR> M * A ' McLAUGHLIN, cfflc . Hours:
f/^wtPl Wm FREE BOOK block, cor. Sprinr and S*cond in.. Let' An«ele». 9a.m.t08 p. r^
/JJjftlVlr I * . Describing It. NEVER SOLD EJ DRUGSTORES. Sundays 9 to I.
5Presidio Muster and Inspection.
This morning the monthly 'muster anil
inspection of the troops at the Presid'.o
will be -held. This time it will includa
casuals as ¦ well as the regular garrison.
The ' muster -will be ,at 9 o'clock. All
mounted troops. Troops C and G of the
Sixth Cava|ry, and Light Battery C. Third
Artillery," will be reviewed- "at the walk
trot- and gallop by Major L. H. Ruckcr.
Sixth Cavalry. Captain Henry C. Dan^s
Battery I, Third Artillery, will Inspect the
It is unfortunate that Mayor Phelan cannot, in his
highly instructive excursion into the advertising af
fairs of his saffron associate, ask the Southern Pa
cific Company son"vething about that thirty thousand
dollar World's Fair advertising contract. His Honor
has the delightful faculty of asking the wrong ques
tion at the right time.
•The reticence which has invariably accompanied the
resignation of several of. Mayor. Phelan's i ' appointees'
seems to indicate veryclearly that his Honor's large
and interesting official - family is not the • happiest .in
San Francisco.
"I will never favor Mrs. Carrie Catt tor
President of the National Woman Suf-
frage Association." "Why not?" "I'm
not going- to "'throw " my Influence 'for a
woman who. doesn't know how to tpell
one of the simplest words."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer. ; ¦ • -
As the nations of old emblazoned on their battle
flags the victories of their heroes, why not, in making
a flag emblem for new San Francisco, pay a tribute
to his "Honor the Mayor? Have him and the yellow
kid leading the hosts of political and social scallawags
in their assault upon San Francisco. The picture
would give excellent opportunities for light and
shadow effects.
HER MAJESTY'S FLAG.
CECIL RHODES, saved from the Boers by the
relief of Kimberley at. the expense of great
treasure and the life of many, a British -soldier,
has taken occasion, at a meeting of the De Beers
Company to speak out of the fullness of his heart and
exult in the victory. Coming from >such a, man , at
such a time,- the speech, was certain to" be, widely;re
ported, and Rhodes must" have known when he ut
tered it that he was speaking to the world. His has
been the master mind that for years past has directed
British expansion in South Africa, and now in his
speech there arc revealed to us the thoughts of that
mind and the ideals to which it is devoted.
There is nothing in the speech of true grandeur of
any kind, not even the grandeur of imperialism. The
chief point of exultation of Rhodes is that the year's
profits of the De Beers Company amount to 2,000,000
pounds sterling, and that the company owns 'all the
diamonds wherever its charter exists. After dwelling
with pride upon the wealth of the company in money
and" in' jewels, he spoke of the strenuous defense J of
Kimberley by, its citizens and said: "We have-done
our duty in preserving and protecting the greatest
commercial association in the world— her Majesty's
flag."" : "^
Had an enemy said that of the banner of Great
Britain it would have been everywhere regarded as an
unfair slur upSn a standard that upon many; a' hard
fought field has been the beacon of some of the
noblest of national ideals. What shall we think, then,
of such a declaration made, not by a foreign satirist,
but by one of the foremost Englishmen of his time?
In the mind of Cecil Rhodes her Majesty's flag is
but the symbol of: a commercial organization.. .It
stands for nothing but trade and such conquest ; as
trade demands for its profits. It is not to advance
civilization, nor to take up the white man's' burden
of educating the barbarian, but solely to promote the
interests of merchants and manufacturers, and es
pecially of the De Beers Company, that sq many
brave British youths and gallant gentlemen have gone
to their death in South Africa. To such a degree of
abasement under the rule of Chamberlain and Rhodes
has come her Majesty's flag,* and her nobles • and
her peasants are .made to do the service of stock
jobbers and gold speculators as they follow to death
what was of old proudly proclaimed:
"The • flag that braved a thousand years
The battle and the breeze.". 1
An ex-convict who has served the State in stripes
for bribing juries resented his ejection the other day
from a local courtroom. He insisted that his word
is as good as that of anybody else. While he is cer
tainly entitled to his opinion there is an; emphatic
objection to his exercise of his judgment in -our
courts. - .
A Smoker for Kowalsky.
The Bohemians" of America have com-
pleted ,' preparations to. tender a Jolly;
smoker to Henry I. Kowalsky prior to Ws
departure for Europe. The smoker will be
given at Golden Gate HaU. 625 Satt^r
street, on the. evenlnK of March 2. As. the.
Invitations to the reception urge all guests
to bring their latch keys and otherwise
firepare for the fun, a good time Is inrio-
pated by all.
two batteries, I and O. of the Third Ar
tillery, Major B. C. Lockwood, Twenty
first Infantry, will inspect the casuals, and
the commanding officer of the post. Col
onel Eskridgre. will inspect the post hos
pital corps. The hospital corpa and nurae 1 *
at the general hospital will be inspected
by the commanding officer. Major Glrara.
WHOOPLA ! THIS IS THE FIRST REAL FUN I'VE HAD THIS SEASON.
—St. Paul Pioneer Press.
PINHEAD MANAGEMENT.
THE patrons of the Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph Company in Berkeley,' Alameda" and
Oakland are just now being subjected to loss,
inconvenience and. vexation as the result of pin
head management of the affairs of that corporation.
It undertook to provide telephone facilities for a
population of about 100,000. It put up lines, using
private buildings, ornamental trees and other things
not belonging to "h to i string (and stretch its wires.
It then* provided a numbered system for the 'phones,
with certain prefixes, as "blue," "red," "black,"
"main," and so: on, for identification of the lines.
After this system has been long in operation, people
have become accustomed to it, and it has the con
venience that comes from .permanence, and habit, and
after hundreds of business men have. their cards and
stationery printed .with their telephone number and
its identifying prefix, "suddenly, and without notice,
the whole prefix system: is radically changed, substi
tuting prefixes that have no meaning, are difficult .to
remember and have'no element of fitness » or con
venience. As a result thousands of dollars' worth of
"cards and stationery,' business and private, are made
useless, wasted and lost, and the use of telephones is
made complex, vexatious and annoying.
A corporation which enjoys a' monopoly, exacts a
high rent for- the use^of its convenience, and under
takes to. supply one ;thafo has become a necessity oi
individual and commercial -life, can justify its
monopoly only by intelligent 'management and a
policy that is at one with the interests of its patrons.
All these principles are violated by the pinhead man
agement of the Sunset. Knowing in advance the ter
ritory it had to cover, the. radiation of its principal
lines, their length and all other facts concerning the
system, it would have required only some brains and
some respect for the rights of the public to have,
inspped out its system of designations, and arranged
its prefixes, once for all, so that no change would
have been needed. Then when its patrons were ac
customed to the arrangement all might have enjoyed
the use of the telephones, with no more than the un
avoidable inconvenience of waiting for the disengage
ment of a line, or the avoidable vexation caused by
the exhaustion of the overworked and underpaid girls
in the central office.
The corporation has chosen to add the avoidable
to the unavoidable exasperation incident to the use
of its wires and instruments, and on top of this has
piled a very large loss involved in obsoleting the pre
fixes on the printed stationery of its customers. Thi3
means also a current loss of business. Patrons who
order by telephone are for a time led astray, cannot
find the store they want to reach by wire, and ..in im
patience and haste get to any one they can reach; 7:
This burden, added to nearly similar erratic. changes
in the running of street cars in Oakland "and Ala
meda, adds an inconvenience to life and business on
that side of the bay which is seriously reflected in
harm to large interests, to progress, to access of popu
lation, and to all those things which make for the
prosperity of a community.
As we have said, it'is done without notice. Had
the corporation been mindful of anything but the col
lection of its own rents and nickels it would have
given a notice of intended change long enough iii' ad
vance to have permitted the use of business and pri
vate stationery already "printed, so that there would
have been no loss. This would have somewhat
softened the idiocy of the management in its conse
quences to the victims. ..But there is no such disposi
tion nor forethought shown, ¦ and monopoly presents
itself in the most swinish form; regardless of the harm
dene and the inconvenience inflicted. .• -..
; After a great deal of wrangling, misunderstanding
i and hard words. .Germany and the United States
j have at last struck an opinion- of common accord.
Germany doesn't want any of our embalmed beef,
and neither do, we. <
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FOOTWEAR— Q. 8., Twanton, Wyo.
Physlcans declare that the best kind of
socks or stockings ¦ for a person to wear
in a cold climate are those made of pure
lamb's wool. ¦ ¦
SUPERIOR . WILL POWER— R. R.,
City.- This correspondent writes: "Miss
A., who >s physically weak, places her
hands-on a small table; Mr. 8., who Is
very strong, also places his hands on the
same table,- and .In a. few moments Miss.
A. says that B. cannot move the table,
and although he tries bis- best to do so
he is unable to move it. Does she hyp
notise him?" That is a case of superior
will power,' and has been classed as mag
netism and hypnotism. - A person pos
sessed of : a superior will power controls
one of weaker power and can induce .the
other to do or not do what the stronger
will may desire.
A SENATE - RESOLUTION-A. S.,
Lynch, San Luis Oblspo County, Cal. The
resolution that was passed by the ( United
States Senate at the tlme'of the Spanish-
American " treaty was _ offered by. . Mc-
Enemy (Dem.) of Louisiana", and was as
lollowst : . - ¦
"Resolved, That by the ratification of
the treaty of peace . with Spain it is ' not
intended to .incorporate the inhabitants
of the Philippine Islands into i citizenship
of the United States, nor. is it intended to
permanently annex. said islands as an in
tegral part of the. territory of the United
States, - but : it is , the Intention of the
United States to establish, on said islands
a government suitable to- the; wants and
the condition; of the inhabitants. of said
islands, to prepare ; them for local-self
government, and In. due time to make such
disposition of the islands as will best pro
mote the interests of thei citizens of the
United States and inhabitants of said isl
ands,"- The; resolution was adop*«ri ¦ by a.
vote of 26 to 22. . • • : : . ¦ <
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— A. Lee Allen
of San Francisco is at the Wellington; Dr.
Arnold and daughter of Colusa are at thu
Shoreham.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— William C. de
.Witt of San : Francisco is at the Empire.
W. Boardman of Los . Angeles Is at the
Netherlands. Henry Bokamp of Oakland
is at the Astor.
-The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa ?• Route.
Connecting, trains leave at . S p. m. Monday,
Wednesday! . Friday j and - . Saturday. " . Finest
equipped train and best track of any line to
the East. Ticket of flee. CSS Market street.
Incredible but True.
Passengers on the Union Pacific "Overland
"Limited" can leave San Francisco ¦ fourteen
hours later: and arrive in Chicago nearly fly»
hours earlier than by any other line. D. W.
Hitchcock, Gen. Agt., 1 Montgomery st, 8. T.
COMMERCIAL MUSEUM PLANS.
I |ROM the report submitted to the promotion
I committee of the commercial museum by the
• subcommittee on plan of organization good rea
sons may be drawn for sanguine hopes of the success
of the project. The plan suggested for the govern
ment of the museum, when established, is excellent,
and the programme of action outlined for immediate
work promises good results.
According to the suggestions of the report the in
stitution is to be known as. the Pacific Commercial
Museum; its objects arc to gather and to give to its
members information that will assist in developing
commerce with foreign countries, and particularly all
countries in and around the Pacific Ocean; also to
establish a connection with the Philadelphia Com
mercial Museum, and other like institutions, by which
information may be obtained from the rest of the.
world which would be of advantage to the pro
ducers, manufacturers and merchants who may, be
members of the institution.
For immediate work it is recommended there shall
as soon as possible be appointed a finance committee
of sixty prominent citizens, to which all the members
of the promotion committee shall be added. It is \he
duty of this committee to make a thorough 'canvas's of
the States of the Pacific Coast, and receive donations
and subscriptions from all steamship companies, rail
roads, banks and other corporations, as well as from
capitalists, merchants, manufacturers, real estate"own
ers and all 'others interested in the development of
our commerce. The committee is furthermore to
canvass for members of the museum and to collect
from each subscriber his initiation fee.
There will be of course differences of opinion as
to the details of the plan of administration, but those
are minor matters and can be left for adjustment
hereafter. The, main object now is to get the mu
seum established. It is not a small undertaking, ai:d
a good deal of money will. have to-be forthcoming.,
Fortunately the importance of. the issue is well un
derstood by the progressive men of the coast, and an
elaborate preliminary campaign of education ,\vill
hardly be necessary. The enterprise appeals to the
personal interests as well as to the public spirit of
the merchants, manufacturers and producers of the
country', and it is reasonable to expect them to give it
a prompt and earnest support.
Personally Conducted Excursion*
In Improved wlde-vestibuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars vis. Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago . and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, Montreal
and Toronto- every Wednesday. • To B*. Imu\%
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. : Ticket cf flee. 818 Market street.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing S/rap"
Has been used Tor fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their, children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the Rims, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, rejtu-
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething cr
other ' causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. | Be sure and ask' for Mrs.
WlnsloWs Soothing Syrup. .25c a bottle. .^..* f
<_ai. g.ace fruit 60c per R> at Townsend'a-*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and -public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main KM2. • •
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Will S. Green of the Colusa Sun Is reg
istered at the Grand;
Dr. A." <3. Brower is . registered at tho
Palace from ,L*tlca, N. Y.
George B. Goo"dman, banker and capi
talist of Napa, is at the Palace.
Ye. S. Valentine, a well-known Insurance
man of Fresno,* is a guest at the Lick.
C. Mi Hartley, a fruit grower of Vaca-:
vllle, is at the Grand for a few days.
; ,Dr. J: H. Payne Jr.. U. S. N., is among
the arrivals" of : last night at the Palace. ,
A. P. Maglnnis, right-of-way agent for
the Santa. Fe. at Los. Angeles, is at . the
Palace. ¦'¦':* :[: ,• ;
William Forsyth, a millionaire raisin
grower ot Fresno, is a guest. at the Oc
cidental.
M.' S. Huggins, a' well-known business
man of Seattle, is at the Grand, accom
panied by. his wife. .I t / »~V ¦
George T. 'Coffey of Nevada City and L.
P. Dorsey- of Grass' Valley, well knrtwn
mining: men, are at tho Lick. . :•:':;
Captain J. F. Merry, U. S. N., arrived
on the Australia yesterday from Honolulu
and registered at the Occidental. ,;:./
Sol Hirsch, chairman of the Republican
State Central . Committee of Oregon, la
registered at. the Occidental from nis home
in Portland.
W. R. Calloway, general passenger agent
of the Soo lines, is at the Palace, where
he arrived yesterday from his ' home in
Minneapolis. , - •
Lorin Farr^ a .Mormon , missionary who
hasbeeh spending- some time in Arizoiia
and. Mexico, is at.the Lick on his way
back to his home in Ogden, Utah:
Cecil Brown, an attorney and capitalist
of Honolulu; is" at the Occidental, accom
panied by his wife. They arrived yester
day from the Islands on the Australia. • ;
E. J. Dubois is at the Grand from Paris,
France. Mr. Dubois is a mining capital
ist with large interests all through the
West. He is in the city on business.con
nected with some of his properties.
A. C. Burrage, accompanied by his wife
and family, is at the Palace, where he
arrived yesterday from Boston. The party
is visiting the coast on a pleasure trip and
is accompanied by Dr. H. S. Childs, a
prominent Boston physician. ,
BLOW AGAINST
BROTHERHOOD
ASSOCIATIONS
New Southern Pacific Relief
Department Opposed. by -
Employes.
They Claim That It Is an Indirect
Means to Weaken Their Well-
Established Protective
Societies.
Over at the Oakland mole, where the
trainmen and the engineers congregate,
there may be seen at any hour of the day
groups of Southern Pacittc employes gath
ered around a big white chart hung con
spicuously in the boxroom. It is the new
prospectus of the Southern Pacific relief
department, and trainmen, brakemen, en
gineers, conductors and mechanics are up
in arms against the new ...order of the
company." They claim that It is a direct
blow at their brotherhood associations and
allows them no cnance but to take out
policies in the new venture, of the com
pany—the insurance business.
The relief department plan provides for
sick benertts as well as insurance money.
This Is where the shoe pmenes painfully,
for the members of the brothernoods re
ceive sick benefits from their own organi
zations. In fact, one of the reasons for
the existence of the brotherhoods is the
sicK beneht assurance. At present all or
the majority oi the men employed by the
{southern .facinc on me trains or. in the
yarus belong to one or other of the broth
ernood associations. They claim tnat they
cannot ' stand the doubie expense that
would result if they were members of
botn organizations and that the company.
Knowing this, has inaugurated a relief de
partment to weaken and ultimately 0.6
jstroy tne brotherhoods. In many in
stances," it Is said, the pressure ot dues
would be too great to bear, but the train
men are wary of orienumg the company,
fearing displacement If they fall to come
m witn the tresh tide ol members who
will soon join the relief department.
"Where will our brothernoods be?" is
the cry among the railroad laborers.
After a lengthy introduction, which re
cites the charitable inclination and atti
tude of the company toward its employes,
the- framers of the circular reach tne
business . part of the programme. . The
way the Southern I'aculc Company pre
sents its gilded package is to disclaim
any. lntent to force employes into me re
lict department. Membership on the part
of all employes in the service of the com
pany prior to March 1,-1900, will be volun
tary and without regard to physical con
dition or age, but tney must enter tne
class required by their, salary. A limited
time in which to become members under
the above conditions is allowed, and this
limit is fixed at one year. After the ex
piration of that time any employe who
wishes to join the department must sub
mit to a physical examination and must
not be over 45 years of age. All persons
who enter the service of the company
after March 1 are required to become
members of the relief department.
According to, the scheme, classes are
formed based on the salary of the em
ploye. The charges for membership, the
sick benefits paid and the insurance In
case of death, depend for their amount on
this classification.- But there are several
reasons why the employes of the company
are hotly antagonistic to the foisting of
this new relief scheme upon them. Be
cause of the section which forces all new
employes to join the department and the
other, .which allow* but a year in which
to take out a membership, the servants of
the railroad .corporation believe that they
will be. forced either Into the scheme or
they must go glimmering down the road
of the unemployed. ¦• ¦: ?\ ¦ ¦ « . •
Another section In the application for
membership which fills the trainmen with
alarm is a release clause. In case of death
by accident the surviving relatives receive
the insurance money, but the applicant
for membership on joining signs a release
to the company absolving it from any lia
bility for damages. ¦
ANOTHER "HOLD-UP" EXPOSED.
\A AYOR PHELAX, in his eagerness to com
/ \ promise the newspapers which have criticized
..¦:*-, the misfeasance and malfeasance of his ad
ministration, asked some brash questions of J. B
Crockett, president of the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company, at the hearing before the Board
of Supervisors on Monday, and thereby brought
ibont the exposure of another "hold-up" on the part
of his pet journal, the Examiner. The incident was
amusing in itself, but was made more so by the
ivriggle with which the Examiner endeavored yester
day morning to slip out of the record and leave the
rhxrcf at the door of The Call.
This is the way the examination was reported in
the yellow faker:
President Crockett was put on the stand, and he
6T7ore that ois:trs' salaries of the company amount
to $12,601 a year.
"Xow, let us come to the advertising expenses
of your company," said the Mayor. "Is it not a
fsct that you weTe stood up by a newspaper for
th' sum of $5000 for a single advertisement?"
•Yes." said the president, "but we paid $2500
only, for a World's Fair edition."
"Did you get value receivedP"
"We did not."
"Wnat have your ads cost you this yearP"
"Not to exceed 5500."
"How do you account for the fact that you have
not been molested.?"
"I don't know."
"Was it the Chronicle that wanted $2500 P"
"It was not."
"Was it The Call?"
"I don't know that it makes any difference in
this investigation."
"Then you decline to answtr because. I named
the right piper?"
"You have no right to assume that." •
The inquiry was then dropped.
The closing assertion, "The inquiry was then
dropped," contains a suggested lie. It is true tht
Mayor made no further inquiries, but it is not true
that the subject was dropped. Mr. Crockett had
something to say. After bringing out the evidence
thai a demand for $5000 was once made upon the
gas company by a newspaper of this city, the ques
tions and answers proceeded thus:
"Did the newspaper get the money?" asked the
Mayor, eagerly.
"T"_:e paper did not get it," replied Crockett,
"but it did get $2500."
"What papsr was thatP" asked the Mayor.
"Oh, I don't care to say," was the laughing re
ply cf Crockett. "I don't want to get them all
down on me."
"Was.it the ChronicleP" asked the Mayor.
: "It was not," was the reply.
"Y~as it The CallP" the Mayor asked, and be
fore Crockett could reply, added: "I see you hesi
tate. Since you stop there I assume that it was
The Call." BESS . -
"You have no right to assume anything of the
sort,*' was Crockett's angry retort. "If you con
tinu? to ask me the names of all the newspapers
you will finally get your answer. We paid that
$2500 to a newspaper which issued a World's Fair
edition."
It 'was after the statement of Mr. Crockett that the
*T.dM-up" had been committed by the paper that is
£i;cd "a World's Fair edition" that the inquiry was
e'rojr, cd. It was dropped from the mouth of the
Mayor at that point like a hot potato, for the Mayor
perceived when too late that he had exposed another
of the rascalities of his pet paper.
I: is the Examiner that issued the notorious
World's Fair edition, as is well known to all San Fran
cisco. It is that yellow journal which used the edition
as a means oi getting itself on the payroll of every
corporation in sight, pulling down the Southern Pa
cific to the tune of $30,000, and demanding $5000 of
the gas company. It is that journal which has ever
since been howling because the gas company paid but
half the amount demanded, and the railroad cut off
its subsidy before the full' s3o,ooo -was; paid up.
Such are the facts of the case. Is anybody sur
prised that the Mayor dropped the inquiry?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1900,
LICENSING CRIME FOR COIN.
AN afternoon paper yesterday announced that a
., majority of the Board of Supervisors are in
• favor of granting a license for a renewal of
racetrack gambling. It said: "If the opinions ex
pressed by individual- members of the Board of Su
pervisors count for anything, no member of the
sporting fraternity need pass a single sleepless night
pondering over the possibilities of the reopening ot
Ingleside. It is as certain as the rising of the sun, or
the going down of the same."
It then added that the Supervisors demand of the
gamblers the payment of a license tax amounting to
$100 a day to the city treasury, the argument being
that the sum is needed on account of the deficiency in
the municipal finances. One gentleman is quoted as
saying, **\Ve are almost compelled to do evil that good
may come of it," and it is asserted that the same view
is taken by others.
. On that showing the people of San Francisco will
have something to say concerning both the policy and
the principle of the proposed action. The gamblers
can well afford to pay $100 a day for the privilege of
running their nefarious trade at Ingleside, for their ill
gotten profits would be enormous; but what benefit
would that amount of money be to the city? Forty
days' racing at $100 a day would give a revenue of
only $4000. How far will that sum go in making up
the deficiency in the treasury? For how long a time
could the streets be lighted with that amount of
money?
If we are to license gambling for the purpose of
raising a municipal revenue, we shall have to enter
upon it in a wholesale way. Why should the Super
visors restrict their favors to Eastern gamblers, or
those at the racetracks, when more money could be
obtained by licensing those downtown? There are
many men who will pay $100 a day for permission to
run a roulette game. There are others who will pay
that amount for permit for a faro game. Licensed
poolrooms downtown would bring in many an addi
tional $100 a day. A pool-selling room for women ex
clusively would bring in another $100. If we are to
permit crime for coin, it will be a poor policy to limit
the license to the Eastern sports and deny it to the
local gamblers.
The principle of the issue is not one to be argued
about. It is vicious and villainous under every aspect. A
community which for the sake of providing itself with
a revenue deliberately licenses a trade that corrupts
men, degrades women, ruins youth, wrecks families
and directly encourages crime of every degree, from
petty theft to murder and suicide, is unfit to be eri
ti listed with self-government. If this license be
granted it will be the blackest blot that could ever dis
grace the record of the city, and bitterly and griev
ously would many a family pay for it.
In Berkeley when some of the municipal authori
ties hesitated to close saloons because they wished the
revenues which are derived from saloon licenses,
seme of the citizens promptly guaranteed the money
in order that the saloons might be closed. If San
Francisco were in such dire need of $4000 as to afford
even a shadow of excuse for licensing the iniquity of
racetrack gambling, the merchants would come forth
here, as in Berkeley, to guarantee the fund rather
than submit the city to the dishonor of such a policy.
" Finally it is to be noted that the plan is as futile as
it is wicked. If forty days' gambling be granted for
$4000, there will be as a result of that moral degrada
tion such an increase of crime that more than $4000
will have to be expended for the trial and conviction
of the guilty. We shall, in fact, bring suffering upon
the innocent, temptation to the weak, and encourage
the vicious to crime, for less than nothing. There can
be no profit in licensing gambling. The toleration of
crime for the sake of coin can end in nothing but a
curse to all.
Let the Supervisors examine the records of the
Police Courts and the Morgue, and compare those of
the days when track gambling was permitted at Inglc
side with those fince, -and see what track gambling
means. It is a subject they should study in order to
learn what it is they are asked to license.
WEDNESDAY. :' FEBRUARY 28, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
/adrcst AH Communications to W. ii. LEAKE. Manager.
rt HML"ATIO> OFFICE. .Market nnd Thtrd, S. V.
Teleph*ae Mnln 18OS.
• IU roill.M, n00MR....317 «• 221 Stevenaon St.
Telephone Alain 1874.
DriiirrrA fir C«rrle>r«. IS Cent« Pfr Week.
Uncli- Coplen. ft Cent*.
Term" »».» Mnll. Inelndlntr Pnoncci
DAILY CALt ilnolndlnjr «uiidajrl. one yr-nr. .Sft.n^
t>AII.V CALL (inrlndlnir Snntlnji. «t months.. R.oo
DAILY CALL ilnolndfnic >nndnji. 3 montbi.. 1.."M»
DAILY CALL — lly Slnalr Month G«e
kIXUAt CALL. One Year. ................. I.KO
UULICLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
subscription*.
Eamiile copies mill be forwarded rrhea requested
OAULAVD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEORRK KIIOGNKSS.
Hktiftr Foreign AdvertUlnsr. Marqnette Build
in ff. Chlcasjo.
JEW YORK COUHKsrOMJEXTI
C. C. CAULTO.N Herald Sanare
CniCAGO NKWS STAXDSi
Shrrmsa Ilunur; P. O. Xevrs Co.i Great North
ern Hotels Fremont Iloanei Aadltorlcm Hotel.
\\.4Mii.NGin\ CD. O OFFlCE.. Wellington Hotel
J. F. I:.\GLISH, Correspondent.
BHAXCB OFFICES—^-527 .Maniromrrr. corner of
Clay, sprn tintll »t3O o'clock. 300 Hayes,
• pen until »«3t> o'clock. «:'.!> McAllister, open
until 9t30 o'clock. «15 Larkin. open nntll
tttSO o'clock. 11MI Mission, open r.ntil 10
o'clock. «-«l Market, corner Sixteenth, open
uulU » o'clock. IO»O Valencia, open nntll O
»,Vlorl.. nm Klrvrnth, open smtll » o'clock.
N\V. earner Ttrenty-r-econd and Kentucky.
«nwn until H o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoli — "The It)o!'« Eye."
< JrrhMitn— Vatrterll!*.
Clrmnd O*»ra-hou»*— "Aladdin Jr."
Grand Opera-house— Symphony Concert Tharedejr After-
toon, March I.
California— "The Silenc* of Dean Maltland."
California— Operatic coneerte. Tuesday afternoon. March 6.
Alcaxar— "The N«w South."
Columbia— "The Old Homeiteed."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudevlllt vvtrr afternoon and
O'.ymp'a. corner of M«*on and Eddy *treet«— Specialties.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano recitals. Monday mornlnß, Mar. 5
Mechanics* Pa-rillon— Trained Animal Show, Saturday,
March 1. x
Oakland Race Track— Races. ¦
AUCTION SALES.
By C V. Troy— Thursday. March I," at 2 o'clock. Oriental
rue«. «* 123 Stockton «tre*t.
By Easton. Eldriiet? & Co.— Tuesday, March 6. at 12 o'clock.
B?al Eotat*. at C 3» Market etre*t- ... v *..„-.>»..;
How sad it is to see weak a
children— boys and girls who I
are pale and thin. They can- 1
not enjoy the sports of child- I
hood, neither, arc they able I
to profit by school life. They I
are indeed to be pitied. But ?
there is hope for them. .A
Scott's Emulsion
has helped such children for I
over a quarter of a century. |
Your doctor will tell you it b both ?
food and medicine to them. They T
begin to pick up at once under it* f
me. Their color improves, the flesh V
becomes more firm, the weight k
increases' and all the full life and 2
vigor of childhood returns again. Z
At all dra^sts; see. and tx 00. V
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists, New Tart, fl
6Is a proud and peerless
recordm It Is a record of
cure, of constant con-
quest over obstinate Ills
of women; Ills that deal
out despair) suffering
that many women think
is woman's natural heri-
tage; disorders and dis-
placements that drive out
hopem
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I
cures these troubles of
women, and robs men-
struation of its terrorsm
No woman need be with-
out the safest and surest
advice, for Mrs* Plnkham
counsels women free of
char gem Her address Is
Lynn, Massm
Can any woman, afford
to ignore tho medicine and
the advice that has cured
a million women 7
AMUSEMENTS.
AXTJsxxzirrs.
IV. THE GOLDEN AGE OI 1 HE
BEEW POETRY.
BY. THE REV. E. E. HALE. D. D
The most careless reader -of the Bible
knows that the Psalms were the hymns of
the Hebrews. Even our English name Im
plies that. But. as our Bible* are gen
erally printed, the reader does not know
outside the book of Psalms, whether what
he reads In the English version were writ
ten as poetry Is written, with the enthu
siasm and purpose of poetry, or whether
he Is to read it as he reads the hard facts
of history. ">> .: ; ,f
The mott important contribution, per
haps, mado by the revised version to the
popular reading of the Bible Is the ar
rangement in the printed page of the po
etry, in each Testament co that to every
reader's eye it looks like poetry. Every
reader sees that it is poetry— that it was
written by some poet whose work was so
good that it has survived the millenniums
of time. Every one knows that he is to
read it as he reads poetry. Kear the end
of the book of Deuteronomy, for instance,
the blessing of Moses, before he died—
printed as a poem— reads;
Tho Lord came from Sinai. .
And rose from Seir unto them;
He ahined forth from Mount I'aran
And He came with ten thousands of holy ones.
And His right hand was a nery law unto them.
And so the ode or song of triumph goes
on with a reference to each of tne twelve
tribes. The mere form or the lines sug
gests poetry, where the old prosaic text
ÜBtd by the early English translators sug
gests the patient narrative of an annalist:
And he said, the Lord came from Sinai, and
rose up from Selr unto them; He shlned forth
from Mount Paran. and He came with ten
thousand of saints; from Ilia right hand went
a nery law unto them.
The commission which prepared our new
or revised version says of the prophets
tnat they have not extended to the pro
phetical books this arrangement In lines,
oecause the language of these books "la
rather of the nature of lofty and Impas
sioned prose, except In purely lyrical pas
rages." Lofty and Impassioned prose
comes very near to poetry. And in gen
eral the prophetical books of the Old tes
tament could be ranked as poetical. This
means everything from the Prophet Isaiah
to the end of the Old Testament.
Speaking roughly, we may say that the
first half of the Old Testament, the books
which go as far as Esther in the usual ar
rangement, are narrative or historical;
that after that point, beginning with the
book of Job, they are poetical. The book
of Job is often called a dramatic poem.
The Psalms are a collection of several
odes and hymns, from many authors In
many centuries. Then follow the Pro
verbs, which are cast in poetical form; the
book of Ecclesiastes, which, while printed
as prose in the revised version, is fre
quently marked with the characteristics
of Hebrew poetry; The' Song of Songs,
which has all the characteristics of lyrlo
poetry, and then the prophets.
In the first or historical part are many
songs or odes. Such is that which has
been cited of Moses: such Is the song of
Deborah. In the prophetic books, on the
othtr hand, we have sometimes a frag
ment of history. But, speaking rather
roughly, as I said, the first half may be
called historical and the second poetical.
Rhythm, Meter and Form.
It is impossible In a single paper like
this to go Into any detail as to the dis
tinctions between the external form of
Hebrew poetry and that to which we are
accustomed. It must be enough to say
that it does not seem to have had any
rhyme, and that the rhythm of the versos
is not to be strictly marked by the court
ing of syllables. We know too little of the
original pronunciation of the words to say
whether what we call "quantity" or what
we call "accent" was considered In the
composition.
One peculiarity Is observed In which t^e
Hebrew poets Indulged themselves »nurh
more frequently than those of the western
nations. It is generally spoken of a*
"parallelism." This word means the mejh
od of composition by which one line or
verse takes up the language or perhaps
the Idea of a previous verse and repeats
it, with more or less variation, in other
words. The writers of Hebrew od«s or
£onfrs frequently used this method in
arranging verses which should be sung al
ternately by different choirs. There is a
resemblance to the strophe and the anti
strophe of and Greek choruses, but
the alternate verses in the Hebrew poema
are much shorter than those of the Greek.
Imagine one choir on one side of a tern
pie singing:
The heavens declare the glory of God.
And another on the other side respond
ing:
Ar.d the firmament showeth Hla handiwork.
Chorus— Day unto day uttereth speech. .
Anti-chorus— And night unto night showeth
knowledge.
Chorus— There Is no speech nor language.
Anti-chorus— Their voice cannot be heard.
Chorus— Their line is gone out through all
the earth.
Anti-chorus — And their words to the end of
the world.
In America the late Dr. Hastings intro
duced in many churches a renewal of such
alternate singing. Those who study the
subject may well read his little treatises
upon It.
Another feature which occasionally op
pears in Hebrew poetry Is the reference,
literally, to the letter with which the
l>o«-ms are written. For instance, the lL'tth
psalm consists of twenty-two stanza
each of eight lines. In the original the
first verse consists of lines beginning w!tn
the letter A. tho second verse of lines bo
ginning with thei letter B. and In rno«t
Bibles the Hebrew letter Is printed «it the
beginning of these separate subdivisions.
This sort of Ingenuity, sometimes show-
Ing Itself in acrostics, and sometimes In
other ways, appears in many of the
poems.
The Spirit.
But It is the spirit of Hebrew poetry
which has given It its value, an infinite
value to the world. --^-.jjvv.-/
And David's lyre is mightier than his throne.
There were very likely many poem 3 o*
ballads written in the Hebrew language
which have not come down to us which
were not so bathed in the divine spirit as
those which have survived. There is no
reason why lovers should not have writ
ten love songs, why soldiers should not
have written ballads, why meditative in
dividuals should not have written what
used to be called didactic poems, in Pales
tine as well as elsewhere. But for what
ever reason, the" poems which ¦ survive
are, almost without exception, . poems
alive with the life of God. The writer
looks at the subject v/ith which he has to
deal with distinct reference to the In
finite life which controls movement, which
gives effect to cause, and Is the vigor and
strength of what he Is to fay. I once
wrote a little sketch In which, for. my
purpose, I Imagined a meeting between
Homer and David. I wanted to contrast
the poetry of the Greeks with the poetry
of> the Hebrews. I made Homer uing his
description of a snowstorm, and David, in
comparison, sing to him the 147 th psalm:
He glveth mow like wool:'
He scattersth the hoar-front like a»hfes;
He'caiteth forth His le* like morsels;
Who can «tand before His cold?
He sendeth forth His wind and mclteth them:
He causeth His wind to blow and th*. waters
,t „-". flow. .
"Always this 'He,'" said one of the younj?
soldiers to another.
"Yes." he replied, "and it was so In the be
rlnning of the evening. *hen we were above
there."
- "There is a strange difference between the
two men. thoujrh the one plays as well as the
other, and thn Greek speaks with quite as little
foreign accent as the Jew, and their subjects
are th< ram*." • , •
"Yes." »a!d the young Philistine harper; "If
the Greek should sing One of - the Hebrew's
songs you would know he had . borrowed it in
a moment."
"'.'And to If It were the other. way." •
"Of course," said tbelr old captain. Joining
In the- conversation. "Homer, If you call him
so, . slnrs the thing made: David sings the
maker; or, rather. Homer thinks of. the thing
made; David • thinks of the maker, whatever
they sing."
VI .was going to Bay that Homer would sing
of cities and David of the life in them."
"It i« not so much what they say as the way
they look at It. The Greek see« the outside —
the beauty of the thing. He paints the picture.
D^avld . sings the life of the picture."
If my readers will carry this observa-
POETRY OF THE BIBLE: BY DR. E. E. HALE.
Copyright, 1900,
b y Seymour Eaton.
GOLDEN AGES OF* LITERATURE.
tion of the Philistine harper Into their
reading of the poetry of the Old Testa
ment thty will tind that it is justified in
almost all the Important poems. Sooner
or later the singer or the poet comes
around to Fpeak of the Power of powers,
tftn Life cf lives or the King of kings.
And he Is writing or singing because ha
wants to do this thing. It Is not as Lord
bornerville wrote a poem upon hunting;
it 1s not aa Thomson wrote a' poem upon
the seasons; it is not as Byron wrote the
poem of Mazeppa— In each case because
they wanted to describe certain actions or
movements of men. It Is because the
singer or the writer had in mind the living
God, and that he wanted to make those
who heard or read feel that *1n him we
life and move nod have our being."
The Psalms.
The great German poet. Herder, mor9
than a hundred years ago wrote some
very valuable essays on Hebrew poetry,
which have a great interest for persons,
who really want to read the Old Testa
ment in the spirit of those who wrote it
and with an understanding of the custom*
of the tim« in which it was written aal
the people for whom It was written.
This book, I will say In passing, would
be of great value for people who are con
ducting Sunday classes in church and try
ing to interest young people in the books
of the Old Testament. • ¦¦ •
Herder says again and again In the
course of these essays that whoever wants
really to get at the Mfc and movement of
the . poetical books of the Hebrews ha I
better study the book of Psalms ftrjt.
Make that the center- of the whole of the
Old Testament, he says. He says that
the historical psalma. written perhaps
long after the events referred to. are t?ie
Interpreters of the historical books. Fur
Instance, a person understands the narra
tive of the crossing of the Red Sea better
after he has acquainted himself with tpe
triumphant song 3 In which hundreds of
years after the Israelites Thanked God for
his goodness on the occasions there de
scribed.
Their Authors and Aims.
Remember, then, that the book of
Psalms, as we have it, consists of five
different collections of psalms, ma-la at
different times, and probably by different
people. It is quite as in an old church you
sometimes find a hymn book which con
tains the Psalms of David as translated
by Dr. Watts, together with a collection
of hymns made by one minister, and an
other collection of hymns made by ar.
other. Of these five subdivisions the flrjt
ends with Paalm 41. the second wnh
Psalm 72. the third ends with the 89th and
the fourth with the l'>>th Psalm. But the
first two cannot be said to be the o!d<jat.
for some pieces are found among them
which belong to the period of the captiv
ity. The collection of the whole was prob
ably made as late as the second century
before Christ. Every one of these collec
tions has some psalms of David; and tt.o
paalms of David, more than those of ai-y
other writer, give the character to the
book. Names of authors given at the be
ginning of the psalms are not to be con
sidered very important. But In some in
stances which interest us most these
names may be regarded aa the names cf
the real authors. For instance, the 3Ctn
Psalm may be regarded as really by
Moses, though some eminent critics navo
tried to show that It was composed tn tho
period of the captivity.
If now the reader, trylns to acquaint
himself with the Hebrew poetry, will for
himself divide the psalms of David the
shepherd from the psalms written after
ward by David the king, he will begin to
get some idea of what has been meant
when we have spoken of the relation of a
poem to the circumstances of its composi
tion. Take such a psatm as that beauti
ful 133 d, which describes the friendship
between Hermon and Zion. The shepherd
poet Is on some eminence, probably to the
east of the Jordan, where he can see the
clouds gathering above the forests of Her
mon. and can see them pass south over
/he plain of Esdrael and see them dis
till in the rain over the rocks of Zion.
Seeing this, as David the shepherd may
have seen it. he writes the lines which
most of us remember:
It is the Jew of Hermon.
That cometh down upon the mountain of Zion;
For there the Lord commanded the blessing.
Even life for evermore.
On the other hand, after David i» a king,
after he has obtained the mastery over
the tribes which Infested Israel with their
inroads, he will sing a statesman's song:
He maketh wars to ceaso unto the end of the
He breaketh the bow. and cutteth the »peae
In sunder;
He burneth the chariot in the fire.
And when he praises God It is not now
because He has "led us as goats over the
mountains." or "strengthened our hands
so that they break an iron bow.' but be
cause God Is a "King over all the ewlh.
It would also be a good exercise care
fully to read the life of David in th* his
torical books, where you will find more
than one instance where his poetry is in
troduced in the very place where th* ode
or the poem was composed.
But you may go further than this, sou
may read so carefully in the history on
the" one side and in the book of Psalus on
the other that you will form for your
selves the impression a* to trie »lac 3
where most probably a certain psa:m be
longs It has been proposed. inaee<!. that
for one of our English oratorios tht* con
nection between the history aua tno po
etry should be traced along and followed
out In the libretto for the performance.
The songs ¦ would furnish the specially
lyric part of tho oiatori:). and the frame
work from history wou'.d give additional
interest to the poems as they were pro
duced one by one. There Is a composi
tion, not so well known as It was half a
century ago, by the composer Neukomm,
which is based, in a manner, upon this
idea, but the full working out of an ora
torio is left for some great American com
poser.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring. Term, 1900.
Mondays — American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons In.
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific. Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursday* —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will continue until
June 7, 1900. Examinations will bo
held at their close as a basis for the
granting of certificates.
The friends of tho Old , Government
Whisky are never drunkards. •
Extra Quality Fine Carpets.
, A thlnff of beauty is a Joy forever. Carpets In
color to suit. the most fastidious taste. \ Designs
to meet • the • requirements of : the ; moat artistic
eye, and prices .to suit, the most economical
purs*, at ' The Indianapolis : Furniture Co., 750
Mission st •
Carbrey Is Free.
The case of Thomas C. Carbrey, charged
with assault to murder for shooting Fan
nie Hall, a vaudeville actress, in th«
Francisco House. Turk and Taylor streets,
January 9. was dismissed by Judge Mogan
yesterday for lack of evidence. The police
had failed to find either Fannie Hall or
the woman who was with her at the time
of the shooting.
In the Divorce Court.
Deserted wives and husbands were in
court yesterday In numbers, either being
granted or, suing for divorces. Decrees of
divorce for desertion have been granted
John C/B. Stevenson from. Mary L. Stev
enson, Edmund D. Dake from Florchco
Dake, Ethel Anderson, from Lllburn B
Anderson, Pauline ; Jacobs from Abrahan:
Jacobs, Mary jßne\ Willis from Robeit J.
Willis and Minnie A. Jones from. Henry.
M. Jones. William Wilson has sued Jen
nie Wilson for- a divorce, alleging Infidel
ity. Suits for divorce on the ground «if
desertion have been filed by Blanche U.
Ribelin against George J. Ribelln, William
Bennett against Mrs. C. Bennett, Julia
A. Driver against Charles E. Driver; John
Hopkins against Maggie Hopkins,- George
Supf against Margaretha Supf. Julius
Frfedrlch - Marxrn against Elizabnh
Marxen and James Delaney against Cath
erine Delaney.
REV. LOUIS C. 9ANFORD, the
new rector of, St. John's
Episcopal Church, on Fifteenth
street, who has been elected as
th.-> successor to Rev. Dr. Spaidlng,
will- begin his -duties as rector to
day.. He will officiate at holy
communion .at 7 a. m., at a
full service with holy communion
and sermon at 11 a. m., and even
ing service with a short lecture at
4 o'clock in St. John's Church.
At 8 o'clock in the evening he will
preach at the first Union Lenten
Service of- the Episcopal Cathe
dral, to be held at Grace Church,
corner, of , California and Stockton
streets.
.The new . rector ¦ will make his
home, ln the rectory, adjoining the
church. Mrs. Sanford has. been
much interested: in the Sunday
school work of the church at Sali
naß, where . she has been specially
successful ..in getting together the
larger : boys 'of the Sunday-school
and interesting them In church
matters.
Anyvo Theatrical Cold Cream proventd
early wrinkles. Bold by all druggists. •,
TO PREVENT TAX
OFFICE ERRORS
The publication of the story In yester
day's Call to the «ffect that grave errors
and omissions had occurred in the records
left by former Tax Collector Sheehart has
Impelled Auditor Wells to take steps that
will reduce tbe possibility of sucb errors
happening again.
.The Auditor yesterday sent a communi
cation to the Board of calling
attention to the fact that It has been cus
tomary for the Tax Collector upon receiv
ing money for taxes to receipt the tax
bills with a rubber stamp bearing his
name and that of the cashl*r. The Audi
tor advises that the signing by a rubber
stamp Is an Illegal act and the custom
should be discontinued by a resolution of
the board directing the Collector of Taxes
to receipt all bills In handwriting by hti
cashier or any of his deputies.
MEETING OF CATTLE
MEN WILL BE LARGE
All the States and Territories of the
Pacific Coast will t>e represented at the
meeting of the cattlemen to take place
In this city next Monday. The purpose Is
to take action in favor of the Foster bill
now before Congress providing for leasing;
the' public grazing lands for ten yours,
with the right of renewal at the end of
ten years. Responses have been received
from fifty cattlemen who were invited to
attend and all but two have promised to
be present personally or by representa
tive.
Through a Show Window.
A horse attached to a vegetable wagon
belonging to M. Baldocchl, who keeps a
store at the corner of Fillmore and Wash
ington streets, ran away yesterday morn
ing and dashed through the $200 show
window in the store of Schoenholz Bros.,
dry good dealers, at 1913 Fillmore street.
No one was hurt.
REV. LOUIS SANFORD,
RECTOR OF ST. JOHN'S
STRONGLY OBJECTS TO
REMOVAL OF HYDRANTS
Board of Underwriters Petitions Sup
ervisors to Rescind a Rssolu- • '
> tion Lessening City's Fire
;'•;•;. Protection.
A communication was addressed yes
terday to Mayor Phelanand the Board of
Supervisors by the committee 'on flre
department of the Board of Fire Under
writers of the Pacific, in which a strong
protest ib made against the recomrrenda
tion of Gas Inspector Tupper that . ICO
hydrants be removed.
"Ten per cent of these hydrants," the
committee says, "are located In. the dis
trict bounded by Hush, Turk, Ldi'kin and
Taylor streets, which is classed as the
danger center for a conflagration. The
last board by resolution ordered the re
moval of. the, hydrants.' In view of the
Increased fire protection expected to fol
low the adoption of the charter and the
consequent reduction of . insurance rates,
thiscommlttee earnestly hopes that your
honorable body will see its, way to re
scind the resolution providing for the re
moval of thepe ISO hydrants and that m
llxlng water rates for the ensuing year
you will provide against any reduction be
ing made in the water pressure from that
at present furnished."
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
THE MUSICAL EYEHT OF THE SEASON.
Season Sale To-Day.
WEEKS OF MARCH C AND 12.
SIX 6RAKD OFEFUTiC CONCERTS
ON THE
WA6NER OPERAS AND MUSIC DRAMAS.
MADAME GADSKI,
Prima Donna.
MR. DAVID BISPHAM,..
Barytone.
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH,
Composer ar.d Conductor.
Under the Direction of Mr. C. L. GRAJT.
REPERTOIRE OF FIRST WEEK.
Tuesday afternoon. March (. at 2:15
"TANNHAUSER"
Thursday afternoon, March 8. at 3: lt
THE FLTINO DUTCHMAN"
Friday afternoon. March ». at 2:15
"DIE MEISTERSINOER"
Secehd Week— E7«nlr.jrs of March 12. 13. 14.
Subscription tickets for the entire •erien of
r * eencerts. - $10. tit. SIS. Tickets for single
r»rf"rmeßc<>». 75c. 11.00. 11.50. K.W. «.50. M.OO.
Rale of tickets for single performance* will
ex*n TO-MORROW MORNING at S o'ciock.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
< Preliminary to the Concerts at the California
- -..-. Theater.)
Six Explanatory Recitals at the Piano
MR. VV a LTE" DAMROSCH
I'nder the Direction of C. I- GRAFF.
WAGNER OPERAS N ANO" MUSIC IIRAMAS
At II O* o-k In the Mo-lnf.
Mon Mar. E "DAS RHEINOOUD"
We<Jn«»day. March 7 "DIE WACKURE"
Faturday. March 10 "SIEGFRIED"
Mirday. March 12..."GOTTERDAMMFRITNG"
V-Vdru-eday. March 34 "PARSIFAL"
Faturday. Mar. 17.. •TRISTAN AND ISOLDE"
Fubseriptlon tickets for the series JS 00
Rw»n-«1 «<-*t« for *lns»le T>er'orinanc»» SI 50
FEASOX KALE OF SEATS NOW ON.
At Sherman. Clay * Co.'s. at » o'clock.
s>aie of ticket for pirfle performances opens
TO-MORROW MORNING at » o'clock.
sS?ular Favorites
MaSS MAGGIE MCORE,
And MR. H. R. ROBERTS.
Supported by their superb company. In
MRS. QUINN'S TWINS.
Robertson's Delifhtful. Murieal Irish Ccrr.edy,
• And for the rest of the week.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON— The Gn»at-
*?t Play Ever Written. "DARKEST RUSSIA."
SAME OLD ETORT— NOTHING NEW'
A GREAT DRAWING MAGNET j
DENMAN THOMPSON
Pr-n-r.f.rnr His Oflplnal Creation of Uncle
Josh. In
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
ALL. THIS AND NEXT WEEK-MATINEE
SATURDAY.
Wm. Gillette'* "IJECAU6B SHE LOVED
HIM SO." . : '.,l*
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN MJ.
FOURTH AND~LaST WEEK OF
Immense 6ucce*« of the New York De-
scriptive Slnrer.
EDWARD B. ADAMS,
And Our Fourth Edition.
NEXT WEEK— "A GIRL FROM PARIS."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good nerved B«*t In Orchestra, Saturday
Matinee 25c.
Drench Ticket Office— Emporium.
CHUTES AND^ZOO. I^^"'
SPECIAL TO-NIG'JT!
PAN? fcor-n PARIOR, N. D. G. W., WIM
V'.Rit the Cimtes In a Body.
TO-MORRow NIGHT— THURSDAY :
THE UI;T COOrERS and AMATEUR SHOW
CAKE WALK CONTEST SATURDAY NIGHT
BI.ACX RAItTONS VS. STEWARTS.
Reserved .«?<»au by Telephone, Par* tZ.
KAFP & STREET'S
TAM ALE GROTTO
And Banned Concert Hall,
Junction Golden Gnte aye. and Market st.
A 6TRICTLY FIRST-LASS VAUDEVILLE
SHOW.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT WEDNESDAY.
ADMISSION FREE. . ;
number of sails. What the Hancock sight
ed was the fore topmast of a ship with
yards attached. The Wrestler was from
Iqulque with a cargo of nitrates for Vic
toria, B.C. ' - .
The steamer Ruth arrived yesterday
with the Santa Ana in tow. The latter
Is a new boat for the coast trade and will
have her machinery put In here. She
brought down 600,000 feet of lumber. 1 -
Albert Johnson met with a serious.acci
dent at the stone-cutting yards on Second
and King streets yesterday. . He was
knocked down by a piece of rock, which
lacerated his forearm, tore off half his
ecalp, broke his cheekbone, split his .nose
and cut his right eyebrow. Dr. Robin
son fixed him -up at the Harbor Hospital,
but it will be many weelts beforo John
son will bo able to go to work again.
Captain William Swanthaxter. who was
formerly master of vessels plying on the
coast, was committed to an Insane asylum
yesterday. He came out here from the
East with Captnln C. Miner Goodnll in
the steamer Corona; ;nnd -later ¦ was in
command of Timothy Hopkins' yacht El
Prlmero. He came down from. . Antioch
yesterday, and acted in such a peculiar
manner on East street that he was
locked up and later was sent before the
Lunacy Commissioners.
ADVEKTISEMEUTS.
SOLD HER PROPERTY JUST
SEVEN HOURS TOO SOON
Mrs. Cockerill's Contract With Real
Estate Agents , Lasted a Little
Longer Than She Thought.
Burnham & Marsh, the real estate
agents, yesterday won a suit in Presiding
Justice Dunn's court against Josephine
Cockerill for the recovery of $171 25 fea real
estate brokers' commission. The evidence
showed that the defendant had executed
a contract on September 25, ISS3. authoriz
ing Burnham & Marsh to sell a piece of
property on Broderlck street, near Cali
fornia, for $6550 for thirty days from the
date of signing. Mrs. Cockerill also
agreed to pay 2^4 por cent commission if
Bhe sold the property hersslf. On October
23 she sent a communication to the real
estate agents reading: "As my contract
expires to-day I will withdraw It."
Judge Dunn hold* that It Is Immaterial
whether the contract was made on Sep
tember 2b. as claimed by the plaintiffs, or
on September 23, according to the defend
ant's testimony, for tho thirty days speci
fied therein would commence to run not
from the time of signing, but from the
date thereof, and the language of the
document of October 23 was evidently
used under a misapprehension as to the
day on which the contract would expire.
The evidence In the case showed that on
October 25, 1893, at about 5 o'clock in the
afternoon, the property was sold by Mrs.
Cockerill for J6"50. The contract had
seven hours of life and the defendant wan
clearly bound by Its terms.
MRS. ROBERT J. BURDETTE.
THE California Club tendered a reception yesterday afternoon to Mrs. Robert
J. Burdette. The affair took place at the headquarters of the club In the
Young Men's Christian Association, and was so well attended that many of
those who had gathered to hear what the bright little lady was going to
say were obliged, to stand in the hall' and catch what they could of the ad
dress as it floated through' the doors.
After a pleasant Introduction -by Mrs. Lovell White, the president of the club,
Mrs. Burdette said, among other things: ; ;. -^
"Club life for women at the present time is an evolution, and one that h.is
not reached its. highest type. Ten years ago it was represented by 'self culture; 1
then came culture ef sel{ through culture of neighbor; then followed,. on a Mill
higher plane, culture through Bervice. We were at one time in danger of pre
venting the saddest of all pictures— club women whose intellects were being cul
tivated, strengthened, enriched at the expense of the heart. Life cannot lone
continue if head and heart .war against each other.
"Club life, like home life, should be the center, but not the limit of actUlly,
and though I mention club first and home last, 1 by no means so rate them in or
der of importance. My creed in all woman's work is this: That no work, club
work or other interest, should be undertaken that does not emanate from the home,
and in its very best results return to the home, and be always secondary to the
home." . ... .
The beneficent influence of the club upon home life, educational, civic and so
ciety life was touched upon and illustrated. As no club possesses all the virtue
and ability to accomplish this of itself, the benefit of acquiring new methods anu
plans and aims by association with others 'was strongly presented and clearly
set forth. The possibility of doing this through federation led to an elucidation
of the principles of federation and the benefits to the individual clubs and the
individual members.- .
Mrs. Burdctte made a very clear point that no club was to lose its distinctive
individuality in federation, but each-wouid continue to carry on its own work
in its own way as at present..
The gracious and graceful personality of the speaker added much convincing
force to her very cogent arguments. She possesses * a very earnest manner, be
tokening the deepest sincerity, and her voice, which is very winsome and mu
sical adds the highest charm to her ability as a public speaker.
To-day Mrs. Burdette, upon the invitation of Mrs. Phebe Hearst, Mrs. Benja
min Ide Wheeler and Miss Jewett. president of the Associated Women Students,
will address the young women of Berkeley. \
This evening Rev. Robert J. Uurdette, the well-known humorist, who is in the
city with hiß wife, will lecture in the Calvary Presbyterian Church for the bene
fit of the Christian Endeavor Society of the First Baptist Church.
The money derived from the entertainment will be devoted to building a new
edifice for the church. • .. • . ....
It is expected that the fame of the lecturer and the good cause for which ho
appears will draw a large crowd, not only of church-going people, but of those
whp like wit and enjoy genuine humor. ,•: r'r
After Long Nights of Torture!
The agor>y endured through loss of sleep
can only be appreciated by those to whom
a roerciless fatz has brought this experi-
ence. To lie in bed, rt)inute after minute,
hour after hour, night after night, unable
to sleep; to roll and toss, to wa.K the
floor, longing for sleep to close the ach) ng
eyes and rest the tired brain! Do you re-
alize that biliousness accounts for three-
fourths of the insomnia of to-day? Sucb
is the fact; and it is equally true that no
surer or safer remedy is Known than that
great liver invigorator, Warnsr's Safe
Cure. Biliousness causing loss of sleep
if neglected n>ay lead to Insanity — that
awful state in which one Is lost to him-
self and friends forever. No excuse for
neglect. Warner's Safe Cure is procur-
able in every town in the United States
and you are maKlrig no experiment in
using it. Thousands have already testi-
fied to its curative merits in liver and in
Kidney disease.
Medical advice free. Address Warner* » Safe Cure Ca,
Rochester. N. T.
Mlrroecopical examinations on application.
MAIL STEAMSHIP
AUSTRALIA WAS
GIVEN PRATIQUE
After Being Examined by
the Quarantine Officer
She Docked.
.-•¦,.."... , . .... ' .
Steamer . Coptic Sails for the Orient.
Old Whaler Mary D. Hume Is
Now a Tvg — Barkentine
Wrestler in Trouble.
.The .mail steamer Australia arrived
from Honolulu early yesterday morning
and was at once placed In quarantine.
After a thorough examination Dr.. Kin
youn allowed the steamer to come to her
dock. . . t .;
M. G. Bale, who came up on the Aus
tralia, had to be taken away in an am
bulance. He is a carpenter and builder,
who went to Honolulu to superintend the
erection of' some Government 1 wharves.
Ho fell from the second story of one of
them and sustained injuries from which
ho nearly died. -He is now on the. road to
recovery, but it will be several months
before he will be able to walk .about
again.
The^Oocldental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic sailed for the Orient
yesterday. She took away an unusually
heavy cargo, 200 Chinese and 25 Japanese
in the steerage. . .
The old whaler Mary fj. Hume has been
turned into a tugboat. The Hume will go
from here to Nome about the end. of
March and on her arrival there will carry
passengers between St. Michacr and the
new gold fields for the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company.
The transport Indiana sailed for Manila
yesterday with stores for the army. ( The
Filipino firemen who brought the Alanau
ense here went home on the ¦ transport.
On her arrival at Manila the Indiana will
be turned into an lnterisland steamer and
will carry "troops and provisions to and
from the various stations. . .
The wreckage slphted off the coast by
the transport Hancock has probably been
accounted for by the arrival 6f the bark
entine Wrestler at Puget Sound. Private
advices received here yesterday state that
the vessel was caught In a heavy storm
off the Columbia River, in which Bhe lost
her fore and main topmasts, besides a
WABNEB'S BEMEDIES.
THE SAN FRAN^SeO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1900.
INTELLECT SHOULD
NOT PRECEDE HEART
TENTS AND; OVERS. 7 - i "
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, bag*, tents.
; • covens. 21 and S3 California at.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
¦trans' Asaertlona a« to Just What
tUo Remedies Will Do.
Uuoyon guarantee*
,#£*•?# f/Jfc^t that nls Rheumatism
r^w**- WiWlk **- r ? wlll cure- nearly
#iiVariw|aLsJ'/'X s.ll ctßts of rheuma-
m.w* i«*t««j^^a. Ukb j n . B ttw hours .
Xy y .vN that bis Dyspepsia Cure
V*a 2T;Um w '" curp ißd'cestlon «nd
t* *•' »tora«ch» troubles;
f» *SnS^y I** l hl » Kidney Con
1 ¦.. ~ y^SoT ¦ wl " cut * W P" cent.
t y*dßiffl «f all cases : of ' kldne;
\ /, Z*C£j*j trouble; that ' bis Ca
few" «aj?.vr tarrh Cure . will «ur»
? IIV catarrh no matter how
tC^'»^Ziy~^-^%. lon «* «tandln*; tbftt hit
P^^sSS^^.7 Headoche Cur* will cure
\%l i E;/ any kind of beadacb* In
1 i : i few minutes; ¦ that
• ' hl« Cold i Cure wi:i
• " * quickly break-up any
Iwm of cold and so on throusb tbe entire list o!
remedied. At all druggists. 29 cents a vial.
If jou need uWlcal adrice wrlfc Prof. M union
IBOS Axch st. I'bll.v It Is absolutely free.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS,
EAVE GOLD— Kroch Mfc. Co.. * Stevenson
»t. Amalgamators. SanJ Centrifugal Pumps.
CENTRIFUOAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine cold. In dally operation at 254
Beale Ft., San Francisco. ¦ ¦ • -
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO- A Story
NIGHT, ?? f o-a ay .
A DRAMATIC TRIUMPH.
By Clay M. Or«:«ne and Joseph R. Grlsmer.
The NEW SOUTH
MATINEa SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
NEXT -W-BE3K-
1 he Sensational Farce.
"NEVER AGAIN."
MATINEE TO-DAY. WED. Feb. 2S.
Parquet, 23c, any se*i; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part.
A COMEDY BILL OF UN-
Uc-UAL MERIT.
FRANKS TRIO, in an unequaled acrobatic
comedy act: TRO VOULO. tbe whole thing" In
ventriloquism; PABSPARTS. Italy's Dancing
Wonders: PAULINE MORAN and her Pick-
aninnies: KATHRYN O9TERMAN AND
COMPANY. CUSH2IAK, HOLCOMBE AND
CURTIS. HARRIS AND FIELDS. DE WITT
Ayi> nURNS. AMERICAN niOGRAPH.
"HOOT MON, I've Captured Them, Sure!"
a 1a 1 2nd TIMt TO-NIGHT "
Of the Record-Breaklnit Comic Opera,
Evenlr.es at 8. Saturday Matinee at 2.
POPULAR PR!CE&--25c and 5L»c,
. . TELEPHONE— Bush 9.
OLYMPIA £&£ni*
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
Continued Success of
BLANCHE LE CL.MR SLOAN
Tod** Sister and the Queen of the Flying Rings.
. trixlda
A Marvel of Grace and Beauty.
MLLE. THEL/VIA,
Poses Plastique Extraordinary.
And a Host of Others. ALL STARS.
ADMISSION FREE
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
mechanics: pavilion
NORRIS & SOW?S BIG TRAINED
ANIMAL SHOWS.
1^ DAYS -16
Commencng SATURDAY, Mirch 3d.
PERFORMANCES 2:10 and 8, P. M. DAILY.
390-PERFQRMIi:G ANiMALS-300
I INSTRUCTIVE,
MORAL,
fIMUSING.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
ILLUMINAT2D PARADE FRIDAY NIGHT
MARCH 2.
PRICES— Adults 25c: Children 15c.
RACING! RAONGI RACING!
1900-CALIFORNIA JOOKE7 CLUB -1900
February 26 to March 10. Inclusive
. OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rm.ln or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12: M. 1. ":*<>. 2- *=M and * P- m.. connecting
with 'trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cam on train reserved for la-
dles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound, All trains via
Oakland mo|e connect with San Pablo avenut
electric cars -at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Brcadway, Oakland. These eloctrlo cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returnlnc— Trains leave the track at 4.15 and
*:ii p. m.' and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
. R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
w *f^\. f^yi R J &Jml»/ ¦ £ftj liT? o^«o a H^^.^ \t\
Oppression, Snffocatlon, Neuralgia, etc., cured by.
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
rim, i.' Esr;o : k.w rnk, a. rocoz&t * ca .
»OLl> UK JILU DKUOaibTH . .
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator *' Rotary
Amalcamatcr on exhibition. 69 Stevenson «t.
BEACH GOLD CO* CE -.TRATOR.
EAVES All theOold by gravitation. No quick*
¦liver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
DREDGING PUMPS
Oil, Gasoline. Steam Hoists. - Centrifugal
Pumps. Engines and Hollers. JOHHUA HENDY
MACHINE WORKS. 40 Fremont St.
OASOLINK E>GtNEV • -
HERCULES UAS ENGINE WORKS U fllltoc
larc* numbers of orders for Nome. : 141- Ul
Flrnt St.. S. F. .'.¦-
..." O'LS; ¦ •:.•...••' -:;^,i
LUBUICATINO Oil. Crude Oil and Gasotin*.
. ENSIGN* ft McGUFFICK, « fcpenr »t.. 8. F.
PLATES lO.SAVINO.OOL*>.;-"';-'
Bchaezleln & Hurrldge. S . Hardie place. ' off
. Kearny. between Butter and Bush streets.
SAND CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS.,
Lift Ooli- Bearing bands perfectly. " In opera*
tion at tit Sixth et. ' DTRON JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS , '
Supply fresh or salt water 'for sluice boxes:
nigh or low lifts. 81mondi. M Market at.'
E.NOI^ES. BOILERS. ETC. '
BAKKK & HAMILTON. : Engines 'and Bollert:
low**: price* on tht ooa»t. Pine * Davli at*.
7100 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 42%
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15%
£00 Delaware & Hudson 115%
600 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .lSO
200 Denver & Rio Grande 19%
1.000 Denver A Rio Grande prefd "it
Erie J;H
1.470 Erie Ist prefd 3<:t
200 Great Northern prefd 154
250 Hocking Coal - Ktt
SlO Hocking Valley 31
100 Illinois Central H2H I
700 lowa Central 13J*
100 lowa Central prefd 49%
Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 12%
Lake Erie & Western 21%
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd B»%
Lake Shore W4
1.420 Louisville & Nashville Sl%
12,370 Manhattan Elevated 93H
4.932 Metropolitan Street Railway 166^
200 Mexican Central H.*
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 60
Minneapolis &. St Louis prefd 90%
9,950 Missouri Pacific 45%
Mobile & Ohio 41
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 10%
250 Missouri Kansas A Texas prefd.... S2&
100 New Jersey Central lw
2,150 New York Central 132H
12.785 Norfolk A Western 32%
1.630 Norfolk A Western prefd <4H
2,450 Northern Pacific 52%
250 Northern Pacific prefd 73:4
1,400 Ontario A Western *4V»
Oregon Railway A Nay 42
Oregon Railway A Nay prefd 76
13,000 Pennsylvania «3H
200 Reading «J»
6.900 Reading Ist prefd -ST»
8,000 Reading 2d prefd 30
Itlo Grande Western 60
Rio Grande Western prefd »9%
1,000 St Louis -& 6an Fran 10%
Et Louis A Ssn Fran Ist prefd 67
400 St Louis A San Fran 2d prefd 34%
600 St Louis Southwestern U%
1.850 St. Louis Southwestern prefd 29%
8,460 St Paul }22
St Paul prefd J"i
150 fit Paul A Omaha 100 •
16,160 Southern Pacific «%
37,160 Southern Railway 12T»
12,700 Southern Railway prefd ai%
1.100 Texas A Pacific 16
18.475 Union Pacific W
3.C70 Union Pacific prefd 6U
Wabash *J*
750 Wabash prefd 50%
1,410 Wheeling A Lake Erie 10%
1.056 Wheeling A Lake Erie prefd 2i%
215 Wisconsin Central l<
Express Companies— .
100 Adams t «»
21S American 1™
....... United States ¦ <»
Wells Fargo ...: 122
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil »3%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 94
American Malting 5%
400 American Malting prefd 23%
2.000 American Smelting A Refining 39%
320 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 90^,
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
5.410 American Steel Hoop 41%
;. American Steel Hoop prefd 82
7.C00 American Steel & Wire 67
American Steel A Wire prefd 91%
625 American Tin Plate 31%
300 American Tin Plate prefd 81%
£2,120 American Tobacco 104%
American Tobacco prefd 135^
1.210" Anaconda Mining Co 42%
47.342 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6€>4
1.010 Colorado Fuel A Iron 42»i
4,250 Continental Tobacco 30»i
600 Continental Tobacco prefd E3%
6.960 Federal Steel 62^4
1.230 Federal Steel prefd 73
100 General Electric 125
100 Glucose Surar 60*4
• Glucose Sugar prefd SSVi
International Paper 22
200 International Paper prefd 66
Laclede Gas 74
National Biscuit 36
National Biscuit prefd 90
720 National Lead 23r«
120 National Lead prefd' 1034
2.176 National Steel 46>4 .
300 National Eteel prefd 93
900 New York Air Brake 124
440 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 4S« a
... Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 60
6.070 Pacific Mall 38
10,470 People's Gas 98
220 Pressed Steel Car 64%
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85%
255 Pullman Palace Car 182 '
Standard Rope A Twine 7%
110,«95 Sugar 105%
160 Sugar prefd 109
6,060 Tennessee Coal A Iron 91%
23,880 United States Leather ?... 11%;
610 United • States Leather prefd 73 :
I.CBI United States Rubber 81% .
1,072 United States Rubber prefd 92
15.8'J Western Union 81
1,050 Republic Iron A Steel 22%
200 Republic Iron A Steel prefd 67%
P C C A St Louis .; 70'
625,100 shares, total sales.
CLOSING BONDS,
US 2s reg 103 N V Cen lsts HO
UBh reg 11l N J Cen gen 5s ..123
U B 2s coud 111% No Carolina 6s 127"
U S new 4s reg 138 No Carolina 4s 105
U S new 4s c0up... 138 No Pacific 3s 66
U 6 old 4s reg ?..117«i No Pacific 4s ....103%
U S old 4s c0up... 117% N V C & St L 45.. 108
US 5s reg 115% Nor.. & W con 65.. 95%
U8 6s coup 115% Nor* & W gen 65. .130
Dlst of Col 3-655..118 lOr Vav lsts ...110
Atchison gen 4s 100'iiOr Nay 4s 102
Atchison adjust 4s. 82%;0r S L 6s 127%
Can So 2d« 109% Or S L con 6s 113 V
C & O 4%s 9S%jUeadlng gen 45.... 55%
C & O 6s 118% R G W lstß 97U
C& NW con 7s ..141 St'L &I M con 55. 111%
C & NW SFdeb 55. 120 :St L & S F gen 65. 120
Chicago Term 45.. 92% Pt Paul con 167V1
D fc R G lsts lOJiiiSt P C & P 15t5. .120
J> & R O 4s 9SUjFt P C 4: P 65.. ..120%
E T Va fc Ga lsts.lOlS So Ry 6> ....... [osxl
Erie gen 4s 70 Btand R&T 6s 78
FW& D C lsts.... 71 Term new set 35.. 95
Gen Elec 5s 117 T & P lsts 112%
O H & S A 65. ...107 T A P 2ds £2%
GH& S A 2d«....107 17 P 4s inj
H &TC 6s 110 Wabash lsts ....'.'.U6\
H & T C con 65. .110 Wabavh 2ds 9su
lowa Cen 15t5.. ....i1l West Shore 4s ... i»
X C P & G lsts.... 72% Wls Cen lsts &s7*
La new con 45... .106 iiVa Centuries 87V
b^, N . un . lfl / d *"" »» v » Deferred 8
M X &.T 2d5..... 65% Col So 4a S3
M X & T 4s 51V.8.P.4* : «%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chcllor 15|pntario ........... s 25
Crown Point OS Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va.... 1 35 1 Plymouth 12
IVadwcod 60| Quicksilver 1 75
P & C i£ do prefd 760
Hale A^Norc 23l|;ierra Nevada .... 2«
Homeetake 60 00 .(Undard 2 80
Iron Silver 65 JTnlon Con 20
M«»c»n 17. fellow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- ißubber 31%
Call loans 3%©4% Union Pacific 60
Time loans J%®s Union Land 2%
Stocks— West End .92
A T tc S F 20%! West Elec 41
do prefd 63% Wis Cent 17
Am Sugar 104 | Bonds
do prefd :.ICB% I Atchison 4s 9$
Bell Tel 316 NE Gas & Cokess.. 76%
Host * Albany 245 Mining Shares—
Bost Elevated US Adventure ..: 4%
Bast & Maine ....193 Allouez MlntCo .. 2
C B-.&'Q 122% Amal Copper 89%
Dom Coal 42 Bost & Mont .....265 .
do prefd ..116 . Butte & 805t...... 68
Federal Steel 53 j Calumet & Hecla..76S
do- prefd 75 (Centennial 16
Fitchburg prefd... US (Franklin ....." 14%
Gen. Elec,. 125%;Oseeola ............. 71
do prefd-. ..136 iparrot 41 4
Mcx Cent. ....12 Qulncy ;...... 135
Mich Tel ..........100 -Ibaata Fe Copper.. 5Ji
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 27.— 1t was a quiet day In
the wheat pit, the range the greater part of
the time being Me. at the outside only %c.
The feature was the covering by shorts, local
people leading. Scalpers were on both sides
of the fence working on very small margins.
Liverpool was apparently the only statistical
support, but it was sufficient to Influence those
who had recently sold short. May opened %c
over yesterday at 65y t 65%c, touched 65% c. re
acted to C6'»c, eased off to 65%0- and near the
end advanced to €6%c, closing firm, %@%c
higher at BSHc.
Com was firm, opening with a gain of %®lic
over yesterday for May, due to the firm Liver
pool cables and the light country offerings.
The shipping demand was slack, largely off
setting offerings from first hands. May closed
firm at 35c.
The oats market was firm In spite of selling
by elevator people, but the trade was not large.
May closed firm at 23%®23%c.
In the provision market the greater part lof <
the session was slow and inclined to weakness
derplte hog receipts under the estimate and
advanced prices at the yards. Near the end
there was some buying on a report of a bet
ter export demand and the market closed firm.
May pork closed 6®7%c up. May lard 7%c bet
ter and May ribs 6c Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83
Sterling Cables — . 4 89
New' York Exchange, sight — ' 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 48% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
¦WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are firm but quiet at
«s 3d. at which rate the last spot charter was
drawn. The chartered wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 46,660. against 4500 tons
on the same date last year: disengaged, no
tonnage, against 23.600 tons; on the way to this
port, 178.6C0 tons, against 162.300.
WHEAT— The market continues dull and
weak, and sellers obtain the quotations with
difficulty. Futures are off. .
Although quotations from Chicago were
lower, that market reported some foreign buy.
inp, with the shorts less confident.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96V«i&97ttc; milling.
98«icfin 01%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No rales. ... _
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, « 06:
May— 4ooo ctls. 99c. " " . '
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls.
9S%c; December-2000 ctls. $1 05%.
Afternoon Session - December - 2000 ctls.
II 06%: May— 2ooo ctls. 88% c; 2000, 98% c.
BARLEY— Dullness still characterizes the
market and quotations *« "nchanced.
Feed. 75§77V4c for No. 1 and 65©.2% c for oft
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades. 80@S7V4c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Sesslon-9:15 o'clock-December—
4000 ctls, 76% c.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales. - .
OVTS-Saleß are small and few at the old
quotations. The market »^ ce l c - ss 1 s - 171 ,. _„,„
White. $1 1001 30; ,? <^£., 1 9 ;$| n 17V4: Gray>
CORN— OfferlnKS are"ample for all needs and
the market is dull. Receipts from the East have
almost ceased of late. Eastern White is quoted
at 95c per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $l@102%;
m RYE-£ull®aV 97%c®$l 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstu ffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 75;
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40<@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks arc -as fol
lows, . usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 7o; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy, $3 25®3 50: Buck
wheat Flour, $4{M 25; Cracked $3 7a;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. S3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6@7 25; in sacks, $5 7a®
7- Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $0; Green Peas,
$5 50 per 100 lbs.
II a\ and Feedstuffs.
Hay is in light . receipt and the feeling Is
steady. Prices show some revision, and the
choice grades are rather firm than. otherwise.
There is no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $l2@l3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7^2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoiIed Barley. $15®17 • per
ton;* Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27; Jobbing,
$27 50(828: Cocoanut Cake, *20tfiCi; Corn Meal.
$235723 60; Cracked Corn, $23 50®2«; Mixed Feed,
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal. $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7©9 for common to good and
$9 00 for choice: Wheat and Oat. $6 60® 9; Oat.
$6@B: Barley. $5©7; Alfalfa. $6®7 60 per ton.
. STRAW— 2S@4Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans and Seeds continue quiet at unchanged
quotations. .
BEANS— Bayos, « 25@3 35; small White, $3 20
©3 35; large White, $2 90@3 10; Pinks. $2 50Q
2 85; Reds,: $3 DO; Blackeye. $4 50: - Butters,
nominal; Lima, $5 15®5 25; Pea, $3 20@3 40; Red
Kidneys, $3 60©4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 904?2 20; ¦- Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. fc«floc: Rape. 2%@3c;. Hemp, . 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4(24%c. :-¦•"•
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50@l 90; Green, $1 75
@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are weak and lower. Choice Nevada
Onions are steady, but all other descriptions
are dull and easy. "¦ •• ..--'.;¦"••..-.
- Vegetables of all kinds are In free supply and
weak. .Tomatoes In: particular.
. POTATOES-Early Rose, 75@85c; River Reds,
There was an active business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, but changes were
confined to an advance in Pacific Borax to $146
and a decline in Giant Powder to 90%. .
In the afternoon the only change of note was
an advance in Spring Valley Water to 97U-
The oil stocks stood about the same.
The Mutual Electric Light Company will pay
a dividend of t cents March I.
The Giant Consolidated Powder Company
will pay a dividend of 75 cents March 10.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay a
dividend of 60 cents March 1.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
will pay a dividend of 33 cents March 1.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. February 71— 2 p. m.
,T, T „ „ Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. — 13
4s quar c0up. .114*4 — Cent L & P.... — 4%
4s quar reg.... — U4% O G L & H.... 47% 49
4s quar new. ..136 — Pac Gas Imp.. 61% 53
8s quax coup.. 11l — Pac Light Co. 44 44%
Miscellaneous — S F G & E.... H% 52%
Cal-st Cab 65.. 117 — San Francisco. 4% 4%
C C Wat 55.... 106% — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L <fc P 65.. 129 — Insurance^ —
F&CI Ry 65. .115 — Flrem's Fund. 22s —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & S 5%5.105 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6S —
I>o 5s 106% — Bank of Ca1. .401 405
L A Ry 65. ...105 105% Cal S D & T. 99%100
LAL Co 55.. — — First Nationl.2so 305
Do gnfd 65.. — — Lon P & A.. ..133 —
Do gntd 65.. — 103 Merchants' Ex — 16
LA& P R 55.103 102% Nev Nat 8k... — —
Market-st 65... 1274123% Savings Banks-
Do Ist m 55. .115% — Ger S & L....1780 1825
NCN G R 78.106 — Hum S & L... — —
NR of Cal 65.113% — Mut Say 8k... 45 —
Do 6s 115 — S F Say U 605 —
NPC R R 65. 103 — Say A L 50.... 74 7S
Do 5s 106%107 Sec Say 8k.... — —
N C R R 55.. .109 — Union T C 0.... — —
Oak GL&H ss.Ul — Street Railroads— .
Oak Tran 65...111%112% California ....118% —
Oak WCo 55. .103 — Geary-st 60 —
Oceanic SS C 0.105% — Market-st Ry.. 62 —
Om CRy 65... — 128% OS L & H.... — 60
P&CI Ry 65. .104% — Presidio 13 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.U9% — California 160 170
Sac L G&R ss. — 100 Giant Con Co.. 90% 90%
SF & SJV 65..M6% — Vlgorit ..."..... 2% 2%
SRy of Cal 65. 107 10S% Sugar Stocks—
SPof A 65. ..110% — Hana H P Co. S Hi
SP C 65<1905).110 111 Haw C&SCo 81 84
Do (1906) ....112 113 Honokaa S Co. 2S»i 29%,
Do (1912) .... — — Hutch S P Co. 25% —
Do Ist eg ss. — — Kilauea S Co. 17% —
SP Br 65. .....127 — Makaweli SCo 43% 45%
S V Wat 65. ..11634117% Onomea S Co. 25« i 26
Do 4s 103% — Paauhau S Co 25% 26
SV W 4s (3dm) 103 — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65. .102% — Al Pack Assn.ll!»s4l2o'4
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Assn 99%102
Contra Costa.. 73% 74% Mcx Ex Assn.. — 100
Martn County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 92*1 93
Spring Valley. 97 97% Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co. US —
Cent G L C... — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Eqult G L Co. S% 3%
Morning Session.
Board— . -;..
SS Giant Powder Con ft) 75
5 Giant Powder Con 90 87%
143 Giant Powder Con ..„¦.... 91 00
205 Hana Plantation Co s 124
250 Hutchlnson S P Co .; 25 37%
25 Makawell Sugar Co 45 37%
5 Market Street Railway 62 00
$5000 N P C R R 6s 103 25
250 Paauhau 8 P Co 25 37%
20 Pacific Coast Bcrax 145 60
20 Pacific Coast Borax 146 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 00
25 Spring Valley Water 97 00
3 Spring Valley Water 96 75
Street—
75 California Street Railway US 60
50 Equitable Gas 3 62%
$10,000 N P C R R 55..... 106 50
$2000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mortg).. 104 00
$10,000 S P of C 6s (1905), s 30 U0 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
23 Contra Costa Water .' 74 12%
30 Contra Costa Water 74 00
60 Giant Powder Con 90 75
200 Hutchlnson S P Co „ 25 50
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 105 25
25 Makawell Sugar Co .*. 45 37%
10 Market Street Railway 62 12%
$6000 Market Street Railway con 5s US 50
5 Oceanic S S Co 92 37%
10 Pacific Gas Imp 52 00
85 S F Gas & Electric Co ; 63 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 25
60 Spring Valley Water, s 30 9« 75
60 Spring Valley Water, s 10 97 00
3 Spring Valley Water 97 00
20 Spring Valley Water n 25
Street—
$1000 Spring Valley Water Ss 117 00
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s (2d mortg)..lo4 00
CALIFORNIA OIL : EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Anaconda 55
100 Yukon 1 60
Street —
100 Yukon 160
Afternoon Session.
Board—
300 Anaconda '...... 50
Street—
100 Yukon 1 so
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
' Morning Session.
250 Burlington 1 00
100 West Lake 1 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Burlington 1 qq
100 West Lake 1 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In' the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornln: Session.
1000 Alta 06 75 Crown Point... 0!»
200 Belcher .: 22 fOO Justice 07
100 Caledonia 39 200 PotO3l '. 25
250 Con Cal & V.I 37% 100 Sierra Nevada 37
75 Crown Point... 10| ,
Afternoon Session. '
300 Andes 0> 200 Con Cal & Va..l 4*>
500 Belcher 21 COO Justice 07
100 Best & Belcher. 35 300 Justice " OS
200 Chollar M 200 Savage.. ".'" i»
600 Chollar -23 400 Utah '.",', 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY.' Feb. 27—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. . Bid Ask
Alpha 01 03lKentuck ©"•
Alta :05 07 1 Lady Wash ... 03 —
*ndes ........... 05 01 Mexican w 20
Belcher 21 22 Occidental ..... 13 15
Best A Belcher 34 35 Ophir 64 55
Bullion ......... •• 03 01 Overman 10 n
Caledonia 39 40'Potosl 26 js
Chollar 22 23 Savage ......... 11 13
Challenge Con.. 18 20 Scorpion ....... 03
Confidence ..... 65 75 Peg Belcher..... 01 02
Con Cal & Va..l 35 140 Sierra Nevada. 3« 37
Con Imperial... — 02 Silver Hill 03 Of.
Con New York. — 04 St Louts. 09 —
Crown Point... 03 10 Standard 270 —
Exchequer — 04 Syndicate ...... 03 —
Gould & Curry. 14 15 Union C0n...... 22 23
Hale & Norcrs. 32 33 Utah .. .....".... 09 11
Julia ..: — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 16 18
Justice 07 OS I BBSfIH
75@80c; Burbanks, 40® 65c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 65c@$l; Sweet - Potatoes, $1 85@2 for
Merced ; • New • Potatoes, 3c. - ¦ •
ONIONS— SI 75@2 per ctl; Nevadas, $2 150
2 25.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c
per dozen; Rhubarb, s@7c per ib; Asparagus, «
@15c; Green Peas, l@4c . per lb for Los An
geles and 3@4c for Alameda; String Beans, 6®
Sc; Cabbage, 40@50c; Los ' Angeles Tomatoes,
60<g75c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 6910 c;
Dried Okra, 12% c per lb; Garlic, 6c; Green
Peppers from Los Angeles, -6c; Dried Pep
pers, 8@10c; Carrots, 25635 c per sack; Los An
geles Summer Squash, $I@l 25 per box.
Poultry and Game.
¦ Five cars of Poultry have come to hand thus
far this week, and sales are ¦ being made at
12%@13c for Turkeys, $4 75 for Ducks. $2 for
Geese, $6 for Hens, $5 50 for young Roosters,
$5 for old Roosters and $4 50 for Fryers. Local
stock is fairly steady, considering the free ar
rivals from the East. • . '
Game is dull. To-day Is the last day for
Quail and Ducks.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lOt&llc for Gabblers
and ll@l2y.c for Hens : Dressed Turkeys, nomi
nal; Geeser per pair. $1 75@2: Goslings, $2 50@3;
Ducks. $4@5 for old and $4@5 /or young; Hens,
$4 60@5 60; Young Roosters, $6@6 50: Old Roost
ers, $4 50<#5: Fryers. $5 50®6;- Broilers. $5@5 50
for large and $3 50@4 50 for small: Pigeons,
$1 25@1 60 per dozen for old and $2®2 50 for
S( GAMk— Quail. $1 60«n 75: Mallard, $3@4 50;
Canvasbacks. $1 50®5: Sprig, $1 50®2; Teal. $1 50
©1 75; Widgeon. $1 25®1 50: Small Duck. $1;
Hare. $1: Rabbits. $I@l 50: Gray Geese, $2®2 o0:
White $I@l 25: Brant. $1 50@2: Honkers. $3 SO
@4- English Snipe, $2 50@3 per dozen; Jack
Snipe, $1 25@1 50. ¦
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
Everything is weak and In heavy supply.
Butter li> off again, and Cheese is also weak.
There Is no further decline in Eggs, but they
are soft, and sellers are disposed to make con
cessions. ' .
BUTTER— . , a
Creamery— Fancy. Creamery, 21c; seconds, 19
Dairy— Fancy, 13c; good to choice. 16%®17%c;
common, nominal. 1—.... ' ... «/
CHEESE-Choic« mild new, 9@9%c; old B%c
Young America, 10@10%c; Eastern. .15%® 16c.
Western, 13%@15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at ll®l2c for stor« and 13®
14c. per dozen for ranch. ' " .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Limes continue to advance under scarcity.
Lemons are quiet. Five cars of Oranges will
be offered at to-day's auction.
Watsonville Strawberries. $5@7 per chest.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 3O(g6Oc per box for common, 7ac©sl
for good to choice, and $1 23@1 60 for fa ncy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 60ft 2 50
per box; Seedlings. 75c@$l 50; Pomelos, _.oc@
$2 60; Lemons, $101 50 for common and $252 oO
for good to choice: Mexican Limes $6; (Cali
fornia-Limes, $40©75 c: Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 Eo®4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisbts.
There is no movement In anything. Large
Prunes are very dull, and are selling down to
about the level of the small sizes. Some 40
50's are offering at 4c here. Prices for Apri
cots have been shaded." but otherwise there Is
no change in fruits. ,
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks, 4@4%c for
40-50's, 3%@4c for 60-60's, 3%@3%c for 60-70' c.
3%0 for 70-80's, 3c for SO-90's and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots, 11@12%c for Royals, 12%@15c for
Moorparks, and 12@13%c for Blenheims:
Peaches, 6»A@6c for Standards, 6%@6»*c fpr
choice and 7@Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10®
12% c; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; -Sun-dried, 5@
6%c per lb; Nectarines, B®9c; Pears. 3%@4%c
for dark and 708 c' for bright -halves; Black
Figs, 2@2%c; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums. B@£c; unbleached Plums, 7@7%c for
pitted and and l%c for unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, B%c: choice. 7%c; standard, 6%c;
prime. 6c: unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown. 6(ic: 4-crown, 7c; London- Layers,
2-crown, $1 60 per box: 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices ere f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B©9c; Walnuts. B@9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshell; . Almonds,
liy.@l2c for paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@
5c for hardshell; Peanuts, s*i@6%c for Eastern
and 5c for California; Bracll Nuts. 7%@Sc; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$4 6055. , ¦ ••• i '
HONEY— Comb. 11%@12c for bright and 10%@
Uc for light amber: .water white extracted,
7%c: light amber extracted. 7%@7%c; dark.
6%@6c perlb. -
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
Previous prices rule for . all descriptions.
The demand is nothing extra. -.'T:-. '
CURED MEATS— Bacon. - 9%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light. 12c
for extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; East
ern susrar-cured Hams, 13@13%c; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13: Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear. $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%<g7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
B%c: 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins. 9c
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@8%c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9>4c. .
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Prices for Hides have again been shaded,
under accumulating stocks and a very Weak
market. Tallow stands the same. Wool and
Hops are dull and nominal.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
10%@llc; Medium, 9%@10%c; light. 9%c; Cow
hides, &%c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Calf.
9V4510;; Dry Hides, sound, 18c; culls and
brands. 15«S v l6c: Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry
Calf, 19@20c: Sheepskins, yearlings. 15@30c
each; short Wool, SJ^ißOc each; medium. 70@90c:
long Wool, $IQ'l 40 each; Horse Hides, $2 25@3
/or large and $1 25@2 for small; Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@5%c per lb; No.
2, 4©4% c: refined, 6%c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL-
Fall clip, San Joaquin plains. 9<§loc; South
ern. SSlOc: Middle County, ll@13c: Humboldt
and Mendoeino, 17@20c: Eastern Oregon. 13@
16c; Valley Oregon, 18@20c: Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10©
lie Der lb.
HOPS— 7©llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Beef Is firm, but tales at the top quotation
are few. Veal is easier. Mutton is weaker,
though prices stand unchanged. Lamb is con
siderably lower. '. Hogs are scarce and un
changed.
BEEF- : -6%@7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— B®9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B@S%c; ewes, 7%c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, : 6c for small and medium
and h%<Sh\c for large: stock Hogs and feed
ers, 6%Q5%c; dressed Hogs, 7©S%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Pan Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%«6%c; Wool Bags, 28%@52%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle.
$7; Bryant, $7: Coos Bay, $5 60;- Wallsend. $8:
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Scotch, — — ; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 50 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $1^150; To
matoes. 75c.
CANNED FRUITS — Cherries, $2 40® 3 for
black and white; Peaches, $1 65@1 90; Pears,
$1 60@l 80; Apricots, $1 25@1 70; Plums, $1 20®
1 40.
COFFEE — Costa Rica. 14%516c for prime
washed: 12@14c for good washed; 15c nominal
for good to prime washed peaberry; He nominal
for good to prime peaberry; 12c nominal for
good to prime; B@loc nominal for good current
mixed with black beans; S%@9%c nominal for
fair: 7%c nominal for common to ordinary.
Salvador— lo%@l4c for good to prime washed;
9%@-9%C for 'fair ..washed; ll@l2c for good to
prime washed peaberry;- 9%@10%c for good to
prime semi-washed: 9%@10c for superior -un
washed; 9%@3%c for good green unwashed;
10% c nominal for good to prime unwashed pea
berry; 6<87%c nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— l4@l6%c for prime to .fancy
washed ; 9%©11 c for fair to good : washed : 90
9%k nominal for good to superior unwashed
104j10%c nominal for good. to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l4©l7%c ; for prime
to fancy washed; 12@13%c for, strictly good
washed; lO%011?ic for good washed; 9%@10%c
for fair washed; BU@9%c for medium; 6@Sc for
inferior to ordinary: ll@l3c for good to prime
washed peaberry: 10©10% c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: 9@9%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 28@30c per lb; •Sole-
Leather, ¦ medium. 26#27c; r Sole, Leather, light.
26© 27 c; Rough Leather, heavy,' 27®2Bc; Rough
Leather, light, 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32®33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30@32c; Har
ness Leather, light, 29@30c; Collar Leather, 15@
16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40Q50c per lb;-Veal~
finished, 50@55c; Calf, finished, -75ci@$l 20- sides'
finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits. 14®
16c: 'Rough Splits,, B@loc per lb. . ¦
OlL— California, Castor Oil, in ' cases No. 1
75c; pure, $1 10; Linseed. Oil, in barrels, boiled'
68c: raw, 66c; cases. 5c more; Lard OH, extra
winter strained, barrels. 59c; No. 1.43 c; cases
5c - more: • China Nut; 61<965c - per gallon : pure
Neatsf oot Oil. barrels, 60c ; cases, 65c ; Sperm
pure, 60c; Whale .Oil." natural -white, 32% -
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors. $1 25(31 35 per Ballon; wagon colors $2®
225 per gallon. . < i . . '
1 PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ; ETC. — Water
white Coal OH. In bulk,' 14c; Pearl V Oil. in
caeen, 20c ; Aotral. 20c : Star, - 20c ; Extra Star
Oil. 21c; E.lalne,', 25c; " Eocene.' 22c; : Deodorized
Steamer Movements.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Charters.
The A. J. West loads lumber at Grays Har
bor for Honolulu: Compeer, lumber at Port
Ludlow for Honolulu.
The Inverclyde was chartered prior to arrival
lor wheat from Tacoma to Europe. 27s 6d.
Treasure Shipment.
The Coptic tock out a treasure list of $255,C7t.
consisting cf $T$l.4SO in Mexican dollars and
:;::•; In sold coin.
Weather Report.
<12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 27—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date. a» compared with those of same date
last season, aai rainfalls in last twenty-four
b.ure:
Last This Last |
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Kurcka 0.00 40.70 19.63!
Ited Bluff 0.00 16.47 13.11 I
Saeramer.to 0.00 11.89 7.55 !
han Francisco 0.00 15.11 7.77 ;
Fresno 0.00 6.20 S.BS
Independence 0.00 2.12 1.15
han Luis Obispo 0.00 12.57 7.15
boa Angeles 0.00 4.67 3.«8
han Diego 0.00 2.«4 J. 76
yuma 0.00 0.75 1.14
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CO; minimum, 49; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The area cf high pressure over Nevada and
Utah this morning Is moving eastward. An
area of low pressure has made its appearance
over Northwestern Washington and Vancouver
Island. The storm it not yet well enough de
veio;«d to warrant a definite forecast of Its
path. There are come indications, however,
that the Etorm will develop and may cause rain
by Thursday night in Southern California.
Itain will probably fall Wednesday over Cen
tral and Northern California.
Light to heavy frosts occurred this morning
in many places, but no damage was done.
A maximum wind velocity of twenty-six
miles r*r hour from the northwest Is reported
at Yuma.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour« ending midnight. February 28:
Northern CaliforrJa — Cloudy Wednesday, with
ra'.r. la the northern portion, threatening In the
KKJtherr! portion: fresh southwesterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday, with
Increasing cloudiness at r.irht and probably
rain by Thursday night: light northerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday.
irtah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— lncreasing
cloudiness and probably rain In the afternoon
*nd at eight; brisk southeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
N E Gas & Coke.. 18 Tamarack 190
Old Colony ..207 Utah Mlnlnr 28%
Old Dom US Wolverines 40
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— Money on call steady;
actual transactions from 2 to 2% per cent; last
loan 2 per cent; closed offered at 2 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4%<55% per cent.
Sterling exchange firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 86%@4 87 for demand and
at $4 83U@4 83«4 for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 8494 85 and $4 87%@4 SS. Commercial bills,
$4 8364 83%. Silver certificates, 69%@60%c.
Bar silver. 69%. Mexican dollars, 47% c. Gov
ernment bonds, buoyant; State, inactive; rail
road. Irregular.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $300,216,645; gold reserve,
$231. 264, KB.
London Market:
NEW YORK. .Feb. 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here opened strong to-day on
General Cronje's surrender, but punters had
bought largely in anticipation of the publlo
coming In, and being disappointed sold out, so
that the close was well below the best, Lon
don bought Americans, putting prices well
above parity. New York first sold and then
bought considerably. The best points were
reached In the street. Consols were 101%,
but eased on the heavy contango, showing In
creased bear commitment. Only a email por
tion of the amount due the bank was renewed.
Silver was easier on the cessation of Indian
orders owing to the holiday.
Paris cheque, 25.18%: Berlin, 20.60.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 101% ; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 76%: Northern Pacific preferred. 76%;
Atchison. 21%; Grand Trunk, 8%; Anaconda, 9;
bar silver, steady, 27 7-16 d; money, 3% per cent.
Silver a fraction off. Financial quotations unduinged.
New York stock market lower.
Shipment of $285,678 to China.
Wheat futures rather lower. Barley dull.
Oats,. Corn and Rye dull at preznous prices.
Beans and Seeds inactive and unchanged.
Hay shows rather more firtnness. Feedstuff* unchanged.
Potatoes and Vegetables lower. Onions easy.
Butter continues to decline. \ Eggs and Cheese weak.
Five cars of Eastern Poultry at hand.
Quail and Wild Duck go out of season to-day.
Another advance in Limes. Lemons and Oranges unchanged.
Large Prunes offered at lower prices. Apricots weaker.
Provisions quiet at previous prices.
Hides lower, weak and accumulating. Tallow unchanged.
Wool and Hops dull and nominal.
Beef steady, Mutton and Veal weak and Lamb lower.
Hogs still scarce and firm.
Oil remains unchanged.
Continued on Page Eleven
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. Jf.. Mer
chants'. Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
February 27, 1900. :-
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at I exactly noon to-day —
1. c.. at' noon : of - the 120 th meridian, or at $
o'clock p.. m., Greenwich- time. . '
- . C. G. CALKINS.
. Lieutenant Commander,' V.' S. N., In charge.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 B.; 6 8% 6 8»i
Closing 6 8% 6 8% 5 8%
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug,
Opening Holiday.
Closing
Flour-
Opening ...:...
Closing
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications" to Bradstreet's show
the following changes • In available supplies
from . the last" account: -
Wheat, United' States and ' Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease, 675,000 bushels;
Liverpool Corn . Trade News, I afloat for, and in
Europe, increase, 900,000 bushels; total supply.
Increase. 243,000 busbelo. ;
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase, 2,380,000. >' '•> : .
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, Increase.. 2s6,ooo.
Among the more important', decreases re-
LOCAL MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— The violent fluctua
tions cf prices of a limited number of stocks
on the ' exchange to-day realized the profes
sional traders' dreams of elysium. Handsome
proflts were realised within a space of ten
minutes and neetesarily heavy looses had to
be pocketed. But It all added to the excite
ment and interest of the hazard and board
room traders kept the speculation at the boll
ing point, working in and out of j the market
many tiir.es during the day. The commit
ments were made almost entirely on the bear
tide of the market, but the frequent taking
of profits by covering of shorts worked fre
quent and violent rallies, keeping the market
lor the specialties in a Ftate of feverish un
certainty with erratic fluctuations wheas end
it was Impossible to see. Third Avenue was
the center of interest as on previous days of
the week. On th« sale of 2100 shares at the
opening quotations were practically lost, sim
ultaneous Miles being made all the way be
tween CS and (Z. against 71% at last night's
clone. The limits of the total stock Issue
Hremed to be no bar to the volume of the
transactions. The detailed record of the stock's
erratic course during the day would be with
out interest. At the lowest price It was 26%
points below last night's quotation, and a final
fractional rally was spasmodic and without
significance. Sugar maintained its prominent
place in the market, but reflected much doubt
and uncertainty on the present large out
ctan4in£ phort interest. It was forced down
to 101% and in the late dealings rallied
strongly to IOSV with only a fractional re
action. There was much disorder and weak
re?s manifest at other points in the list of
cpeciaJtic-a. notably in the local traction group
and Tobacco. But an active demand for some
of the railroad stocks on some reports of large
earnings and covering of shorts in the special
ties brought the market to a high level and
quiet tone. During the hour after noon the
market seemed to have divorced Itself en
tirely from the demoralizing movement in
Third Avenue. But in the next hour the bears
fell upon the whole list, tooth and nail, forc
ing down Western Union an extreme 2\ and
Baltimore and Ohio 2\. Weakness spread from
t'.imc to other point* in the railroad list and
wide lo*»»s were effected among the indus
trials. The local traction group were down
from l\i to t%. United States Leather over 2,
Jiubber prtferrrd 3. Omerican Hoop more than
4. New York Air Brake 6. and many railroad
storks from 1 to 2 points, the latter Pennsyl
vania. ]":ttrV)ur x. C. C. and St. Louis dropped
4. The bears rurhed to cover at the decline,
causing a rally from 1 to 2 in the stocks which
had (ho»-n the greatest weakness. ¦ The final
downward plunge in Third Avenue was offset
fey the eudden rise in Sugar, leaving the tone
In the general list confused and unsettled, but
v:-h lo»Res in some points in the railroad list
practlr*Uly recovered. Strong showings of net
earnings for January were made by Atchison.
with an Increase over last year of 71 per cent:
Erie with su increase of 44 per cent, and
J'lttKburg, C C. end St. Louis and Buffalo.
R<.whe«ter smd Pittxburg. Southern Railway
wade a strong showing of gross earnings for
the third week in February. London • bought
clocks here, but not on a large scale, the sur
render of General Crcnje having apparently
been discounted. The tone of the motrty mar
ket war firm thouth rates were not quotably
higher, but collateral Is scrutinized with grow
ing care and the standing and resources of
borrowers are considered. The fact that the
KUb-treaEury has absorbed eince last Friday
nearly Fix million dollars of cash cannot be
vlthout influence in the stock market. ,
Railroad bonds were dull and irregular.
Total sales, par value. $1.C90,000.
Government bonds continued their buoyant
advance. United states new 4s advanced 1%
and the 3s, old 4s and 5s > 4 in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Hold. Bid.
4,26< Atchison 20^4
52.273 Atchleon prefd 64
15.050 Baltimore &. Ohio 61VI
Canadian Pacific 98i*
VA Canada Southern tfy,
2.000 Oh<*sai>eake & Ohio 28%
!,(2j Chicago Great Western 13%
WSSS Chicago Burlinjrtcn &. Qulncy 122T4
S.6OG Chicago Ind & Louisville 21%
1,725 Chicago Xr.d & Louisville prerd 64%
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 94*,
100 Chicago & Northwestern U9
4,880 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific lC7'i
1.2*« C C C & Ft Louis 58%
2.000 Colorado Southern CH
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,240 bbls.; exports, 8477 bbls. Inactive but
firmly sustained, without quotable change.
WHEAT— Receipts. 17.600 bushels; exports,
15.993 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red 74% c ele
vator: No. 2 red, 76% c f. o. b. afloat in store;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 78% c f. o. b. afloat
prompt: No. 1 hard Duluth, 80% c f. o. b. afloat
prompt. Options firm on better cables than
expected, and while quiet all day were very
well sustained on reports of foreign buying in
the West, bullish news from the Argentine
as to crop estimates and local covering. The
bear factors Included small clearances and a
light export demand, but had little effect. The
close was firm at %@-Hc net advance. March,
73»«@73Tfcc. closed 73?4c; May, 72@72 7-15 c, closed
72% c: July. <2%@72%c, closed 72% c; September
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures opened steady, with prices
unchanged to 6 points higher, and ruled firm
on better cables, moderate foreign buying and
local covering, which Induced the advance to
5 to 10 points. Closed steady at unchanged
prices to 6 points advance. Total sales, 14,750
bags, including March. $6 95@7; May, $7 05;
July, $7 15: September. $7 20; October. $7 20®
7 25; December, $7 35.
Spot Coftee— Rio, nominal; No. 7 Invoice,
SHe; No. 7 jobbing, 9%c; mild, market quiet;
Cordova. 9%®14c.
SUGAR— Raw, inactive and nominal; refined,
weak and Irregular.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6862 packages; market
irregular;, June creamery, 18@22%c; Western
creamery, 19£24 c; factory, 16%@19c.
EGGS— Receipts, 10,903 packages; steady at
decline: Western at mark. 14Vic; Southern at
mark, 13X6 14c
Dried Fruit in New York.
NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— There was a fair in
quiry noted for evaporated apples to-day, j and
the market developed considerable firmness of
undertone upon favorable country advices and
falling oft in receipts. Prices, . however, closed
unchanged from yesterday's figures. California
dried fruits ruled quiet and inactive. State
evaporated apples common, s@6c; prime, 6@
6Uc; choice, 7@7%c: fancy, B@B%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13015 c; Moorpark. 15<31Sc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18@22c; unpeeled, 7%c.
SUMMARY' OF [THE MARKETS.
BOSTON, Feb. .27.— There is no material
Change In I the wool market this week. There
is a lack of general demand, and this tends to
make ; the feeling appear weaker for some
wools. Quarter-blood fleeces and wools of that
character ' and coarser are yet in demand and
hold firm in price. Territory wools are meeting
with. some Bales at about the former range of
values. The scoured basis for fine and medium
Territories is. yet about 65@70c for choice sta
ple," with good lines of staple at 60@65c. Fine
washed ; fleeces are meeting with a slow trade,
but prices are holding fairly steady in the ab
sence of ' business. For XX and above Ohio
fleeces 35636 c Is quoted Quotations:
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota fine
medium and fine, 22@24c: ecoured, 62@6jc: sta
ple, 68@70c:: Utah. and Wyoming fine medium
and fine. 19<g 22c; scoured, 60«?63c: staple. &>if?
€Sc: Idaho, fine medium and fine, lS@2lc;
scoured, - 52@54c. _, .
Australian scoured basis, soot Pr lc «*-~g!jjl b :
Ings superfine, nominal. 93©95 c; good, 88@90c.
averase, 80@S5c. ' _
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3500.
Market generally steady. Native good to prime
steers , etrong at $5@6; poor to medium steady
at $4® 4 75; selected feeders dull at $4 20@4 75;
mixed stockers slow at $3 50@3 90; cows, best
steady, others slow at $3@4 25: he£ ce 1 rB ABt<A 8t <; a ?. y
at 13 20@4 65; canners firm at $2 25©2 90: bulls
steady at $2 60@4 25; calves a shade lower at
$5@7 75. Texans, receipts 700. Texas fed
steers steady at $3 90@5; Texas bulls a shade
easier at $3 25@3 75.
•HOGS— Receipts to-day, 19,000; to-morrow,
85,000; left over. 4500. Market averaged 5c
higher, closing easier. Mixed and .butchers-.
$4 70@4 90: good to choice heavy, $4 80@4 92%;
rough heavy." $4 65® 4 75; light. $4 65@4 75; bulk
of sales, $4 80S 4 85. '¦• .
SHEEP— Receipts. 20,000: sheep easier; lambs
10 to 15c lower. Fancy, $7 25; good to choice
wethers. $5 3505 75; fair to choice mixed, $4 40®
6 30: Western sheep, $5 25@5 90; yearlings, $o 7o
06 50; native lambs. $5@7 25; Western lambs,
$6®7 26.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb." 27— There has not been a
change in the metal market except In the case
of SDelter. which Is quoted 2% points higher
on the bid and 2% points lower on the asked
price, leaving buyers *and sellers yet too far
apart for much promise of business, the market
closing at $4 67%@4 62%; quiet at that. Pig
Iron warrants continued very dull and closed
quiet. Copper closed • quiet at the long un
changed figure of $16 25. Tin at $32@32 B0;
closed entirely nominal. Lead ruled steady but
quiet, with the figures $4 70®4 75 unchanged.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $16 25. -• '¦¦-.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 27.— Clearings, $262,572;
balances, $20,372. _
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 27.— The local wheat
situation Is unchanged, with a very limited
amount of business doing. Walla Walla, 63®
54c Vallej-, 52@£2%c; Blue Stem, 55@56c.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, Wash.. Feb. 27.— N0 Chang* In
wheat. Club, 62c; Blue Stem, 54c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Feb. 27.— Consols, 1017-16: silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 50c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart: cargoes on
passage, quieter, hardly any demand; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 30s 6d; English
country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 27.— Wheat dull; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
threatening.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 5-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; March, 5s
B%d; May, 5s BHd; July. 5s %\<X; spot No. 1
Northern spring, easy, 6s ll%d.
CORN— Spot steady; American mixed (new),
3s B%d; old, 3s B%d. Futures, steady; March,
8s 8d; May, 3s 7?td.
Boston Wool Market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
ported not; given -In the official visible supply
statement are those of 400,000 bushels at North
western Interior elevators, 115,000 bushels at
Portland, Me., and at Manitoba storage points,
SB.OO0 1 bUßhels at Rochester. 62.000 bushels at
Chicago private , elevators and 76,000 bushels at
Lincoln.* * r
The principal increases are those of 84.000 at
Milwaukee private elevators, 60,000 bushels at
Omaha and 54,000 bushels at Newport News.
The aggregate stock of wheat, held at Fort
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, decreased
168,000 bushels last week. - *-i •
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1900.
Gasoline. In bulk. 16c; do. cases. 23c; Bensine.
In bulk, 15% c; do. cases, 21% c; 86-degree Gaso
line, in bulk, 21c; cases, 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— l 6 ox..
ll%c per set; 14 oz.. 10% c; 12 oz.. 9%c; 10 cz..
B%c; twelves. 12 oz. (hotel). 10!ic. Granite
Mining Candles— lB oz.. 12@12%c per set; 14 oz..
ll<gll%c; 12 oz., 10%c;10 oz.. »%c; twelves. 12
oz. (hotel). 10% c. Parafflne Wax Candles— Ones
14 oz.. white, 12% c per set; twos, 14 oz., white,
12% c; fours, 14. 0z., white, 'l2%c; slxes.J4 oz..
white, 12% c: twelvee, 14. 0z., white. 12% c; col
ored., lc higher. .-••¦•
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7@7%c; Red Lead
and Litharge. 7ii@7%c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. TSc; In Iron barrels.
72c; in wooden barrels. 75c. j
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 63c; raw, barrels,
61c; cases. 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— SSI 50 per flask for local use
and 546 60S 47 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western ' Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated. 5%c; Dry Gran
ulated. 5%c: Confectioners* A, s»ic; Magnolia
A. 4%c: Extra C. 4Sc; Golden C. 4%c; barrels,
l-16c more; half-barrels, %c more; boxes. %c
more; 50-lb bags, %c more. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrela, 5T»c; boxes. «%c per lb.
Imports at this port In January were 7,056,000
pounds, against 23,238,500 pounds In January.
1539. ' ¦ - ' '
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. J16R17; extra sixes, higher: Red
wood. SI7PIB for No. 1 and $15@16 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. $2 20«g2 30: Pickets. JIS: Shingles.
$1 75 for common and 12 75 for fancy; Shakes.
$11 for split and 112 for sawn; Rustic. $21@27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 27
Flour, qr 5k5..... 5.46S Mustard, 5k5....:. 22
Wheat, ctls 233,473 Hay, tons 110
Barley, ctls 3,619 Straw, tons 6
Oats. Or., ctls... K0 Wool, bags 12
Cheese, ctls 51 Pelts, bdls " 61
Butter, ctls 2^2 Hides. No 373
Tallow, ctls 223 Brandy, gals 5,600
Potatoes, sks 3,3911 wine. gals 74.50)
Onions, sks 30 Leather, rolls 167
Bran, sks 1,000 Quicksilver, Csks. 24
Alfalfa Seed, sks 44 Eggs, doz 29.220
Foreign Futures.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE OP ORIENTAL RUGS.
THURSDAY. MARCH J. 2 P. M.,
135 STOCKTON ST.. opposite City of Paris,
for United States CUSTOM HOUSE DUTIES
AND STORAGE. C. P. TROY & CO.. Auc-
tloneers.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and L. -,
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San-
Francisco Bay. Published by official- au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) abouj
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point,
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY g. .
Sun rises... »...*:4l
Sun sets ' SI
Moon rises 5:42 a. m,
NOTE— In the above exposition of the t!d»»
the- early morning tides are given In the left
hand coluotn and the successive tides, of :- >
day In the order of occurrence as to tine. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column th« third t!*»
and the last or right hand column gives th*
last tide of the day. except when there, are but
three tides, aa sometimes occurs. The' height*
given are la addition to the soundings oaths
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the heigh:,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth riven by the charts. The plans c'
reference Is the mean of th» lower low water?.
New York Grain and Produce.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February 64%
May 66 66%" 65*4 €6V»
July 66% 67)4 66% 67>4
Corn No. 2—
February . .... S3H
May S3V4 85% 34% 35
July 35% 35% 34% 85%
Oats No. 3—
May 23% 23% ' 23% 23%
July 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 10 65 10 70 10 60 10 70
July 10 67% 10 72% 10 67% 10 72%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May :. 5 82% 585 E 77% 585
July 5 87% 5 92% 685 6 92%
Short Ribs, per ICO pounds-
May 6 82% 6 82% 675 5 83%
July 6 82% 6 82% 5 77% 6 82%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, • quiet: No. 3 spring wheat. 61®85c;
No. 2 red, . 68® 69c; No. 2 corn, 24c; No. 2 oats,
22%'&23%c; No. 2 white, 26c; No. 3 white, 25®
25% c; No. 2 rye. 63%@54c; No. 2 barley, 37®
42c; No. 1 flax seed. $1 60; prime, timothy
seed, 12 50: mess pork, per bbl, $9 "Off 10 65;
lard, per 100 lbs. $5 65®5 75; 'short ribs sides
(loose), $5 65(g5 90; dry salted shoulders
<boxed). 6',4<g6%c: short clear sides; (boxed),
$5 87%@6; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gal. $1 23%. -¦ "
Articles— , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 63.000 •• ? 39,000
Wheat, bu ... 77.000 89,000
Corn, bu .....................617,000- 155.000
Oats, bu BCI.OOO 172.000
Rye. bu ;..... 8.000 . 2.000
Barley, bu .'.128,000 79,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, lSt?23c; dairy, 15%
@21c: cheese, firm, 12© 13c; eggs, firm, fresh,
13513% c. • v '
' * - ARRIVED.
Tuesday, February 27.
Stmr Berth*. Thomas. 19 days from Unalasks,
via Unga 10 days « hours.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing. 54 hours from fort
Stmr Ruth. LundQulst. C 5 hoars from Coo«
Stmr S&nt* An*. Straus. 85 hours from Coos
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. S« hours from"
Stmr Noyo. * Johnson. 14 hours from Fort
Stmr Australia. Lawless, • days 9 hours from.
Honolulu. " . ¦ '.
Schr Transit, Jorgenson. 19 days from Hono-
U Sc"hr Queen. Frederlckson. 12 days from Gam
bl<! ' CLEARED. ;
Tuesday, February 27.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins A Co.
Br stmr Coptic. Rlnder, Hongkong, etc.;
Oceanic Steamship Co. -- .
Stmr Indiana. Morle. Manila: U. S. Govera-
Shlp Glory of the Seas. Freeman. Comax; R.
Dunsmutr Sons Co.
Br ship Matterborn. Williams. Qu«€a»town;
Epplnger & Co.
Fr bark Marechal de Turenne. Pannlede,
Queenstown: L. KauSman.
Bktn S. O. Wilder. Jackson. Hllo; Williams,
Dlmond * Co.
Tuesday. February R.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Jessen. Coos Bay.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Astoria, etc.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Chemalnua. ¦**.¦*¦
Stmr Indiana. Morle. Manila.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. Albion.
Br stmr Coptic. Rlnder. Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. Caspar.
Br bark Inverlochy. Milne, Queenstowa.
Bktn Leslie D.. Malrom. .
Bktn S. G. Wilder. Jackson. Hllo.
Schr J. M. Weatherwax. Sorenson. Tacoma.
Tug Ranker. Nelsen. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 27. 10 P m— Weather
hazy; wind northwest: Telocity. IS miles.
• DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived tnward Feb 27—
Br shlo Adderley. from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Al Kl. from
Sailed— Feb 26-Stmr Aberdeen, for San Fran
cisco, via Tacoma;. Feb 27— ShiD Occidental,
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY-Sailed. Feb 27-Stmr Arcsta. for
San Francisco: schr Gem. for San Francisco:
schr Western Ho. for San Francisco: schr Daisy
Rowe, for San Francisco; schr Getama. for.
SR GRAYS C HARBOR-Sailed Feb 2«-Stmr Ka
"^RT^^Gi-MlLrilaU^Feb 27-Schr Ida
Francis-"
col schr J. G. Wail, for San Francisco: stmr
A NEW Z " WHATCOM-Arrtved Feb 2&-Schr
27-Schr Jennie
Stln^ from G^ys Harbor: schr Halcyon, from
If^rn7a for^an Franc'.^o: Ger ship Chile, for
QuMUtorrn: Ger ship Margretha. for Queen*;
town" ¦ itmr Despatch, for San Francisco; Br
Bt^nVLUDLawl^ned Teb^-Schr Robert.
H pORT d 'BL 3 AKKLkT-Sal!ed Feb 27-Sh'p John
A BO \vE5 S f LASn l lNG^Arrlve <1 Feb rt-Schr
Feb 27-Schr CbnfUnn.
fo?San Francisco: schr Coquelle, for San Fratw
CISC °- FOREIGN PORTS.
CALCUTTA— SaiIed Feb 4— Br ship Fiscal,
for San Francisco.
ALGOA BAY-Palled Jan 27-Br shio An
calo*. for Newcastle. N. P. W.
DEAL— Sailed Feb 25—Br ship Crown of In-,
dla. for San Francisco. ¦
'. IQUIQUE— SaiIed Feb 12— Br hark Gladys,,
for San Francisco. ¦i.*_.\
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb I*-Brig Harriet
G . hence Jan 2S. .Tan 2»— V. S. tug Iroquois.
from Hllo. Jan 17— Br bark Berwickshire, from
Newcastle. A us,; schr Loui3. from Marquesas:
bark Seminole. from Newcastle. Au». : bktn
Amelia, from Port Blakeley: Ger hark Sebas
tian Bach, from Nasrasaki: Br stmr Mlowera.
from Victoria: bark Albert, hence Jan 30. Jan
IS — bark East African, from Newcastle. Ans. :
whalinr hark Andrew Hicks passed. Feb 20 —
Arrived— Br- stmr Carlisle City, from Hong
kong: Br shlD Inverness-shire, from sea.
Sailed Feb 16— Jap stmr Nippon Maru. for Yo
kohama: schr R. W. Bartlett, for Port Town
rend.' Feb 17— Br stmr Mlowera. for Sydney.
Feb I»— Bktn W. H. Dlmond. for San Francis
co. Feb 20— Haw bark Nuuanu. for Kahulut
and New York. To sail Feb 20— Bark Northern
Light, for Puget Sound; schr Mary Dodge, for
PARIS.
8
v lime time umc time
£. ¦ Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 J
? L W H W L. W 111 Wi-
J7 ... »:23 2.4 »:23 6.7 S:5« t—o.l,t — 0.1, 10:50,
a... 4:12 1.8 10:23 5.8 4:39— 0.1 11:251
1... 5:00 1.3 11:20 6.7 8:22 0.4 l 11:53*
S ... 5:50 0.9 12:15 5.5 «:01 0.9 t..
H W L. W H TV t, Wj
S ... 0:85 S.« «:3S 0.« 1:12 5.2! «:4l!
4 ... 1:11 6.7 7:23 05l 2:12 4.8 7:22:
5 ... 1:51 5.7 8:26 0.41 9:17 4.3 8:07
6 ... 2:37 5.7 9:33 0.4j 4:23 4.0 9:00,
I I
I i
Si
1-4
1 I
: \
: 3
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Leander Kotchinetru IFeb. :
Samoa Huraboldt IFeb. ;
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor |Feb. !
Corona San Dl»«o IFeb. :
San Pedro Humboldt IFeb. :
State of Ca1.... Portland [Mar.
Point Arena.... Point Arena [Mar.
Arcata Coos Bay [Mar.
Progreso Tacoma 'Mar.
Bonlta Newport |Mar.
Washtenaw .... Tacoma [Mar.
Empire Coos Bay Mar.
Czarina Puget Sound iMar.
Mackinaw Seattle [Mar.
Curacao IMexlco '. IMar.
South Portland. jOyster Harbor iMar.
North Fork [Humboldt (Mar.
Walla Walla... Victoria & Pujet Sound ' Mar.
Orizaba Humboldt !Mar.
E Thompson... Oyster Harbor [Mar.
Aloha Crescent City |Mar.
Willamette .... Seattle jMar.
Strathgyle 'China and Japan IMar.
Pomona [San Diego Mar.
Matteawan ITacoma |Mar.
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar.
Acapulco Panama Mar.
Hathor Europe • Mar.
Coos Bay Newport Mar.
Columbia Portland IMar.
Aberdeen Puget Sound Mar.
Senator ISeattle Mar.
I?
1
1
I
3
3
X
3
.1
3
3
4
4
5
S
5
6
•
S
IU 3AIU
Steamer. { Destination. | Sails. | Fl«r.
Nenrburg *.. Gray» Harbor Feb. 23. 5 pm|..... —
Cooa Bay... Newport Feb. 23. 9 am|Pler 11
Peru ....... Panama .. Feb. 2S. 12 m;PMS3
Orizaba .... Humboldt Feb. 23. 2 pmlPler »
Queen Vie A Pst Sd. Mar. 2. 10 am Pier 9
Corona San Dle*o Mar. J. 11 am Pier 11
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Mar. 2.
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 2, 10 am Pier 13
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 3. 2pmiPier 2
Arcata Coom Bay Mar. 3. 10 anVPler 13
Bonlta Saa Pedro Mar. 4. 9 ara'Pler 11
State of Cal Portland |Mar. 4. 19 amjPler 24
Pomona ... San Diegro Mar. «. 11 am' Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt Mar. «. » ami Pier. 2
Columbia ..(Portland IMar. 9. 10am!Pler24
v lime time umc time
£. ¦ Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 J
? L W H W L. W 111 Wi-
J7 ... »:23 2.4 »:23 6.7 S:5« t—o.l,t — 0.1, 10:50,
a... 4:12 1.8 10:23 5.8 4:39— 0.1 11:251
1... 5:00 1.3 11:20 6.7 8:22 0.4 l 11:53*
S ... 5:50 0.9 12:15 5.5 «:01 0.9 t..
H W L. W H TV t, Wj
S ... 0:85 S.« «:3S 0.« 1:12 5.2! «:4l!
4 ... 1:11 6.7 7:23 05l 2:12 4.8 7:22:
5 ... 1:51 5.7 8:26 0.41 9:17 4.3 8:07
6 ... 2:37 5.7 9:33 0.4j 4:23 4.0 9:00,
I I
I i
Si
1-4
1 I
: \
: 3
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Leander Kotchinetru IFeb. :
Samoa Huraboldt IFeb. ;
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor |Feb. !
Corona San Dl»«o IFeb. :
San Pedro Humboldt IFeb. :
State of Ca1.... Portland [Mar.
Point Arena.... Point Arena [Mar.
Arcata Coos Bay [Mar.
Progreso Tacoma 'Mar.
Bonlta Newport |Mar.
Washtenaw .... Tacoma [Mar.
Empire Coos Bay Mar.
Czarina Puget Sound iMar.
Mackinaw Seattle [Mar.
Curacao IMexlco '. IMar.
South Portland. jOyster Harbor iMar.
North Fork [Humboldt (Mar.
Walla Walla... Victoria & Pujet Sound ' Mar.
Orizaba Humboldt !Mar.
E Thompson... Oyster Harbor [Mar.
Aloha Crescent City |Mar.
Willamette .... Seattle jMar.
Strathgyle 'China and Japan IMar.
Pomona [San Diego Mar.
Matteawan ITacoma |Mar.
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar.
Acapulco Panama Mar.
Hathor Europe • Mar.
Coos Bay Newport Mar.
Columbia Portland IMar.
Aberdeen Puget Sound Mar.
Senator ISeattle Mar.
I?
1
1
I
3
3
X
3
.1
3
3
4
4
5
S
5
6
•
S
IU 3AIU
Steamer. { Destination. | Sails. | Fl«r.
Nenrburg *.. Gray» Harbor Feb. 23. 5 pm|..... —
Cooa Bay... Newport Feb. 23. 9 am|Pler 11
Peru ....... Panama .. Feb. 2S. 12 m;PMS3
Orizaba .... Humboldt Feb. 23. 2 pmlPler »
Queen Vie A Pst Sd. Mar. 2. 10 am Pier 9
Corona San Dle*o Mar. J. 11 am Pier 11
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Mar. 2.
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 2, 10 am Pier 13
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 3. 2pmiPier 2
Arcata Coom Bay Mar. 3. 10 anVPler 13
Bonlta Saa Pedro Mar. 4. 9 ara'Pler 11
State of Cal Portland |Mar. 4. 19 amjPler 24
Pomona ... San Diegro Mar. «. 11 am' Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt Mar. «. » ami Pier. 2
Columbia ..(Portland IMar. 9. 10am!Pler24FORGERY IS CHARGED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, . Feb. 27.-In the Superior
Court this ; morning an order was made
which will at once raise'; the Issue of the
genuineness of a note for, $10,000, already
allowed by the executors of the estate of
the late G. W. Johns. The note Is drawn
in favor of one of ¦ the executors and . his
sister. , Other heirs claim that the note, ls
a forgery. .Their petition that the powers
of the executors be suspended pending an
investigation , has been granted by Judge
Gaddis, ,. who to-day appointed John D.
Lawson special administrator. The court
also made the . further.' order, that George
;W. Gregory - and his attorney, W. H.
Grant, , be allowed ¦ fifteen days within
POSTITM CEREAL.
THE DOCTOR SAID
years old, was struck and Instantly killed
at noon to-day by the eastbound Hay
wards local train. .... r
For miles in either direction from the
point where the aged woman was mangled
there Is a straight track with a clear and
entirely unobstructed view. The day was
clear and there was no reason why Mrs.
Lewis should not have been seen on the
tracks by the trainmen several blocks
away. She was killed at Wheeler avenue,
a much used crossing for residents of the
Fruitvale district. Mrs. Lewis had fre
quently traveled that route in calling
upon a son's family who live on Fremont
avenue, near East Fourteenth street. She
was bound thither to-day when she was
Btruck.
Mrs. Lewis had resided since last July
with her. aged husband, William A. Lewis,
at the home of Urban Lewis, a son, on
Wheeler avenue, three blocks south. of the
railroad tracks; Her comings and goings
were limited principally to visits with her
other son, Charles.
Ten minutes after she left the house to
day her body lay on the railroad embank
ment. It was hurled twenty feet, and
besides the fatal fracture of the spinal
column both shoulders, the left arm and
all of the ribs on the left side were
broken. ;» \<-
The train was moving very rapidly
when . It struck the woman. There was
apparently no warning signal given in
time to allow her to escape. The only
witness close to the scene of the accident
outside of the trainmen was J. E. George
of Fruitvale. who lives near the tracks.
He had no direct knowledge, having been
attracted to the tracks by the sharp whis
tling from the <mglne and the sudden
stopping of the train. He was not sure
whether Mrs. Lewis , had started - across
the tracks before the train left Fruitvale
station or after It was very close to her.
Mrs. Lewis' relatives Insist that she had
good eyesight and hearing and had always
been cautious ln crossing the tracks. ,
Mr. and Mrs. Lewis formerly resided In
Los Angeles. They had considerable
property. The children are: Mrs. A M
Bealo of The Needles, Walter S. Lewis
Urban Lewis and Charles Lewis. The
Coroner will hold an inquest probably to
morrow. .
CRASHED INTO A WINDOW
AND DIED OF FRIGHT
Peculiar Cause of an Aged Woman's
% Sudden Death at Emery
ville.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 27.
While groping about in < the darkness
last midnight for the door of her room-
Mrs. Josephine Revel crashed into a
window and the nervous shock produced
heart failure that resulted ln her death
several hours later. ¦¦ •
Mrs. Revel resided with her son and
daughter, E. Revel and Mrs. Selvllle Del
sol, on Ninth street, between Folsom and
Powell, Emeryville. She Is a widowed
French woman, 75 years old.
About 1 o'clock this nu^nlns her eon
was suddenly arousad- by the crash of
breaking glass. Mr. Revel hurried to
his mother's room, whence the
noise emanated, ' and • there -he
found her lying prostrate on the • floor.
She revived sufficiently to explain that
she had left her bed and was trying to
find the door when she accidentally ran
against the window. The aged woman
was slightly cut about the forehead, but
othewise her injuries seemed trivial.
The eon helped his mother back to her
couch, but shortly afterward she ap
peared so greatly distressed that Dr.
Wood was summoned. Before the doctor
had arrived Mrs. Revel had breathed her
last.
Coroner Mehrmann and a Jury Inquired
into the death to-night and the verdict
was ln accordance with the facts.
Rev. MacH. Wallace to Resign.
OAKLAND, Feb. 27.—Rev. MacH. Wal
lace has announced his Intention to pre
sent his resignation as pastor of the Mar
ket-street Congregational Church at the
meeting of the church to-morrow night.
Rev. Mr. Wallace was formerly pastor of
MIRACULOUS
ESCAPE OF A
DIMINUTIVE BOY
John Souza Is Struck and
Pinned Down by Freight
Train Locomotive.
The Wheels Cut Off His Left Shoe
Sole Entirely and His
Big Left Toe Is
Gone.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 27.
Struck down by a rapidly moving
freight locomotive, little twelve-year-old
John Souza this afternoon experienced
one of the most miraculous escapes from
death on record. '
The boy is the son of Frank Souza, an
employe at the Judson Iron Works, re
siding at 220 Allen street. He had also
been employed at the Iron works near
Kmeryvllle as a nail picker until yester
day, when he was dismissed. But, boy
like, he wandered about the works visit
ing his familiar haunts.
About 4 o'clock this afternoon he was
walking along the railroad tracks oppo
site the' iron works, apparently In deep
meditation, when suddenly he heard the
rumbling of an approaching train. Be
lieving that the train was on the tracks
nearest to him, he walked over to the op
posite tracks. Just as he placed his - loft
foot upon the rail the locomotive drawing
a heavy freight train struck him. He
fell In such a position that his left foot
was pinned under one of the front wheels
of the engine. The wheel cut off the sole
of his shoe clean, and it was supposed
that his foot had been crushed so badly
that . Its amputation was a presupposed
necessity, j. . '¦¦-¦^ ,-
At the Receiving Hospital, however, it
was found that his only injury consisted
of shock and the loss of the fleshy lower
portion of his big left toe.
"I thought I was surely killed," he said
to Steward Borchert. "I heard no bell,
and am sure the engineer did not blow the
whistle. I heard the train, but thought It
was on the track I was walking by.
PRISONER WAS THOUGHT
TO BE MURDERER DUNHAM
SALINAS. Feb. 27.— Considerable ex
citement was caused ln this city this
evening by the report that a man in Jail,
charged with horse stealing, was no other
than Dunham, the Campbell murderer.
The man stole the horse two weeks ago
and' was afterward captured ln Hanford.
He gives his name as Ashton. but many
people who have seen him assert he looks
very much like Dunham. Late to-night,
however, the whole story was exploded
by a man who knew the murderer well,
asserting that the prisoner la at least ten
years too young to be Dunham.
0
Burned to Death.
VISALIA, Feb. 27.— Mrs. Rachel Dean,
who lives near Exeter. In this county, waa
fatally burned yesterday. She was heat-
Ing water ln the yard when her dress
caught flre. The unfortunate woman lived
sixteen hours after the accident. She was
19 rears old, and had been married but
a short time.
Suicide of W. H. Pierce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. MARYSVILLE, Feb. 27.— W. H. Pierce
of Live Oak died in the United States
Hotel in this city thia evening from the
effects of an overdose of laudanum, taken
with suicidal Intent. He was a man of
family. No cause Is assigned for his act.
which to make whatever examination of
the note is deemed necessary, after which
it shall be turned over to Tandy Allen
and Mrs. Friel and their attorneys for
expert examination. '
BARD CONFERS WITH
REPRESENTATIVE MEN
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 27.— When United
States Senator Bard returned to.; Los
Angeles this morning he met by appoint
ment, In the directors' room of the Cham
ber of Commerce, the following gentle
men: Former United States Senator Ste
phen iL White, President M. J. New
mark, J. S. Slausson, E. F. C. Klokke. F.
Q. Story, George H. Stuart. H. 8. Mc-
Kie, John F. Francis. A. H. Naftxger and
T. P. Lukins of Pasadena.
These gentlemen represent every Indus
try of Southern California and a general
conversation followed, outlining' the needa
of this part of the State and what legis
lation is required to promote the indus
tries.
The Jamaican and French treaties wero
discussed in their relation to the products
of Southern California. The forest re
serve and needs for protection against
nre were dwelt upon, the military post
matter was revived, the Improvement of
Wilmington harbor, the completion of the
San Pedro breakwater and the preservu
tlon of the big trees were also discussed.
Senator Bard has obtained a full knowl
edge of the needa of this part of the State,
and having been assured of the hearty
support of those connected with the ln
dußtries, he goes to Washington prepared
to act with diligence, aided by a full
KILLED WHILE
CROSSING ON A
STRAIGHT TRACK
Southern Pacific Train at
Fruitvale Mangles an
Old Woman.
With a Clear View for Miles, the
Engineer Could Not Warn
Mrs. Almira Lewis
in Time.
* Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 27.
While crossing, the Southern Pacific
tracks a few hundred yards east of Fruit
vale avenue Mrs. Almlra M. Lewis. 67
TO THE EAST—r
THROUGH FIRST-CLASS PULLMAN SLEEPERS NOW IN SERVICE
Between San Francisco and Chicago
Via Southern Pacific— Rio Grande "Western
Denver and Rio Grande (Scenic Ronte) and
Great^pck Island c ßgute
GRANDEST SCENIC TRLP IN THE WORLD
THE COLORADO ROCKIES CROSSED <BY VAYLIGHT.
Pullman's Finest Broad Vestibuled Sleepers
Leaving Saa Francisco Dally at 830 A. M. on
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC LIMITED
(Westbound cars carried on same train).
.... DINING CAR SERVICE THROUGH— BUFFET LIBRARY CARS . .. .
¦ - -¦•-••¦: ¦-• MBsHHBHSSB
CLINTON JONES, Gen'l Agt, 624 Market St, San Francisco, Caiw
JOHN SEBASTIAN; G. P. A., Chicago.
DIRECTORS ARE CHOSEN.
Mechanics' Institute Elects Five New
Men and Two Old Ones.
The Mechanics' Institute held Its regu
lar election last night for the purpose of
deciding who should constitute the board
of directors for the year commencing
March *}. The board consists of four
teen members, but of these seven were
holdovers, whose terms of office had not
yet expired, leaving seven to be voted in
at the meeting last night.
There were ten candidates, of whom the
following were elected: George Beanston,
James K." Cosgrove, Samuel C. Irving,
Lewis R. Mead, Rudolph Tausslg, P. J.
Healy and George H. Wallls. Healy and
Wallls were members of the old board
and were re-elected to fill the positions
they held during the last year.
The defeated candidates were three ln
number, William Curlett. lienry L. Tick
ner and Richard Valentine.
The holdovers,, who, together with the
newly elected men, will form the board
are Ernest A. DenJcke, Walter N. Brunt
Rodney Kendrick, John McLaren, Charles
M. Plum; Robert W. Neal and Horace
Wilson. • ¦ ¦- •. -
There Is some speculation as to the ef
fect the new blood in 1 the board will have
on the next for president, as It
is thought that a combination may be
formed to oust Denicke and place Horace
Wilson in the president's chair.
Captain Higgins Passes Away.
BERKELEY, Feb. 27,-Captain James
F. Higglns. a resident of West Berkeley
and retired seafaring man, died at his
home on San Pablo avenue yesterday
after a short illness. Captain Higglns
TALE OF FABULOUS
DEPOSITS OF GOLD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA,- Wash., Feb. 27.— A wonderful
story ¦¦" of richness comes from Grand
Forks, Klondike. The story Is of such a
sensational character that the Yukon Sun
says ; that under . ordinary circumstances
It would be given no credence. Yet that
paper states that on acclaim within five
miles of Grand Forks workmen recently
tapped a deposit of gravel so rich in gold
as to fairly startle them. Pans running
up into ,.. the hundreds of dollars were
quite common, and for a depth of two
feet— one foot of gravel and one of bed
rock—it la asserted that $200 per pan was
averaged. The foreman of this work Is
authority for the statement that a clean
up of one day of nine hours, when eleven
men. were employed,- yielded nearly:s2o,
000, and that another, day's work of
thirteen 'men for ten hours resulted in a
yield of over $25,000. At this rate the win
ter's yield would reach a million dollars.
Twelve Millions in Dairying.
' The products of California's dairies last
year reached a total value >of 112,830,786.
This fact was. made 'clear by the ann'uni
report of William Vandeibllt, agent of the
State Dairy Bureau, which was com
pleted yesterday. Some of the items of
leading values were as follows: Cream
ery butter, $2,916.748;. dairy butter. $2 453 -
690; milk and cream produced for "con
sumption, $5,047,853; cheese, $598,982; calves
$934,159. There are 249,75 C dairy cowa i in
California. ' <
Was Injured in a Wreck.
OAKLAND. Feb. 27.— The trial of the
$25,000 damage suit of R. E. Parr against
the Southern Pacific Company was begun
in Judge Ogden's court this afternoon.
Parr claims to have sustained personal In
juries to h!s epine while a passenger on
the Alameda local, wrecked at Central
avenue and Fourth streets In theEncinal
City on the night of January 31. 1599. and
on account of which Engineer Jonas and
Fireman Colton lost their lives.
Charles R. Lundquist Missing.
•Theodore Lundquist of Golden Gate,
near Berkeley, called at the Coroner's
office in this city yesterday and
reported that his father, • Charles
R. Llndquist, had been missing
since November. 4. He said that
the missing man was a heavy drinker and
had told his son that lie had nothing to
live for and would do away with himself
He was 61 years old, 5 feet 10 inches tall,
weighed about 160 pounds, and the initials
"C. R. L." were tattoed on his left wrist
SQUANDERED MONEY
IN THE POOLROOMS
James Cooney Wants His Son Patrick
Arrested for Grand Lar
ceny.
James Cooney, 427 Fair Oaks street,
ewore to a complaint in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday for the arrest of his son,
Patrick, on a charge of grand larceny.
Patrick Is accused of stealing a gold
watch valued at $100 from his father last
Sunday and pawning it.
The boy is another victim of the race
track and has spent all . the money he
could lay his hands on to squander in
poolrooms. When he could not get more
money from his parents he stole the gol-.l
watch and the money he was advanced on
it noon went Into the pockets of the po\>l-
Beelers. As he seemed to be Incorrigible,
his father reluctantly decided upon having
him arrested on the charge of grand lar
ceny, and accordingly swore" to the war
rant yesterday. Detectives Fitzgerald
and Graham were detailed by Captain
Glllen to bring Cooney in when found.
Toomy's Death an Accident.
A Coroner's jury yesterday found that
William H. Toomy, the young man who
was found dead in bed in his room In the
Hancock House at 781 - Mission street
came to his death by accident The father
of Toomy, who was at one time United
States Consul at Munich, Germany, tes
tified that his ' son was addicted to the
use of absinthe and bromide of potassium
The Jury came to the Conclusion that the
unfortunate man went to his room in
toxicated and accidentally turned on the
gas after having extinguished the flame.
Rabbi Myers Wins a Case.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger- yester
day rendered a decision in favor of Rabbi
Isidor Myers and his wife, who were de
fendants in a suit brought by Mrs R.
Jacobson for the return of $255 expended by
Mrs. Jacobson for transportation of her
self and daughter from Melbourne Aus
tralia. The case was bitterly contested on
both sides and occasioned several quar
rels, notably one between Dr. G. I Dan
zlger, who was a witness, and Otto Wise
attorney for the rabbi. Justice Groe
zlngcr held that no evidence had been ad
duced to show Rabbi Myers or his wife
had ever promised to reimburse Mrs. Ja
cobson or to , provide for her when she
reached this city. He stated that he
thought It was a family matter that
should have been settled out of court.
Fire Board Holds a Meeting.
The Board of Fire Commissioners has
refused to accept the resignation from the
department of Secretary Gorman, but
granted Mr. Gorman leave of absence
without time. Mr. Gorman Is called Bast
on private business. The Fire Commis
sioners also passed a resolution com
mending the heroism of Captain E. Crow
of Truck 1, who saved the life of- a wo
man during a fire in the Hotel El Monte
a few days ago. A letter was received
from the Theatrical Managers' Associa
tion, ln which the managers agreed to
bear the cost of keeping a fireman at
each theater until. July L
a church at Detroit, Mich., and It'is un
derstood he has received and accepted a
call from the East.
3RN HOTEL.
W E Grelllck " A W,
Michigan
A . Larson. San. Jose !
HP Buell, 1 Watsonville
E J Hall.Mlrm
L. F Martin. N V
D W Maxwelt Cal
H Freeman. Cal
P F Sullivan, Stocktn
J C Ross. Byron
;D Vlerea & w. Cal
HOTEL.
Li C Haemnush, N V
S P MaoKniKht. Bodle
A N Maltby, wf. Coned
W H You ng. wf , Napa
WF Parker, wf, L. A
G ' W Ross. Portland
J Olson. • wf. Sacto
Mrs N A Roth. Ptrvle
Mrs S S Short, do
H X Shine. U S A T
T Lumley, New York
A Fitch. New York
G B Lumbard. wf, S J
Mrs J N Coldren. la C
Mrs M Coldren. la Cy
Ed Richard, wf S Lke
Miss G Ii Rochards, do
J Ralph, Alvarado •
H W Burkart. S Jose
l> Campbell. Los Ang
O Rhodes, wf. L A
R B Dawson, wf. Phnx
W W . Wllllrhson.
Geo E Daniels.
'Dr. McFarlane,
W D Buckley. Stktn
H R McArble. Stktn
Geo T Koehler. Prtlnd
C A Campbell. R Bluff
G G Lewis. N V
D Levy, Williama
P F Fogerstand, Omny
Geo A Smith. Courtlnd
Mrs W D Davis, Oman
R J Burdette. Cal
W E Ewlnr. Chicago
W D Johnson, N V
T Robblns. Phlla
H G Stevenson. Cal
Mrs H G Stevenson,
Menlo
S I) Roeenbaum. Cal
B J O'Brien. Ky
J H Rays, fj S N
J S Craven. U 3 N
L.Helm, Los Ang
C A Widemann, Hono
Mrs C- A Widemann,
Honolulu
Mrs C Driver.- Boston
C Ralsos, Los Ang
C R Bowman, Ohio
Mrs C R Bowman, Ohio
W Wadham. Oregon .
Mrs W Wadham. Or
MS Hamilton, Cal
Mrs M S Hamllton.Cal
G W McNear, Cal
Mrs G W McNear. Cal
Miss McNear. Oakland
Mrs W X Danrle. Cal
Ml?s Dargie, Oakland
C R Splvolo. Belmont
Mrs C R Splvoll. Cal
W R Dorr. Bl«r Oak
J M Melghan. Blc Oak
W H Sears, NY
J E Rawllns. Hanford
S Kavlan, Norway
J Brunton. Cal
Miss Brunton, Cal
C A Caldwell, N V
J H Carruthers, Rlalto
G McLean, N J .
A B McCreery. N J
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WEST!
A Holmgren, S Jose
R LJlllnsston, Cal
S Frisbee. Modesto
J Brennan, Sacto
D L Hisrglnson, Cal
G 8 Walker. Cal
P F Saunders, S Jose
I de Santa Coloma,
Manila
R E CadoKan, Chto
T C Murphy, Tulare
GRAND
L R Lathrop, Chicago
A M McColloKh. L. A
D H Smith. Stockton
E D Sterling. S Joso '
R Ansel. Sacto
D Erasmus.'.
A T Redford.
W T Carsenter. L A
G Wlllson.
W S Green. Colusa
N M Huirgins, wf. Seat
J O Williams. Portlnd
E J Dubols, Parts
R D Hubard. wife,
Mankato
Mrs G Pacheco, Igrnac
J Guntzberger. N V
H Wlttenberger. fmly,
Portland
S H- Witter. Boston
S H Emlth, "Watsonvl
J A Black. CaJ
C R Fork, wf. N V
J McCudden, Valiejo
Miss McCudden. do
C M Hartley, Vacavle
H WCombs. Modesto
M Gundlach. wf, BksH
T Kllpatrick, wf. Oma
W H McGraw, Cleveld
Miss ME Parkin, do
Miss J Nleberger, do
F W Hankey, Honolu
J A O'Connor. Va
A B Butler. Coluea
PALACE HOTEL.'
M Johnson. U S N
"W M Stotaton. Ohio
W-N Dunphy, Mlllbrae
Mrs W N Dunphy, Cal
H Xt Whitemore, Mo
A J Froehllch. Cal
Mrs A J Froehlich. Cal
Miss Froehllch, Cal
J H V<*t. Portland
W E Furhbeck, Cal
Mrs Ftirhbeck. Cal
G-Li Seward. Cal
Ti L Rows, Berkeley
W H McNear, Alaska
"W X Calloway, Ind
A P Maglnnls, Los An
AW Hall, Dawson
A C Bunase, Boston
Mrs AC Bunage, Boat
A C Bunage Jr. Bost
F H Bunasre. Boston
Beetle Bunagre, Boston
DrH S Childs. Boston
F C Kldner. Boston
Marie Schneider, Bost
AH Relchllnjr, Cal
E F Preston, Cal
Mrs B F Preston. Cal
Miss Preston. Cal
G X Goodman, Napa
Mrs G E Goodman. Cal
L..P Nourse. NT
Mrs L. V Nourse. N T
W F Wallace Jr. Mont
C Bteln, Chicago .
J D Foster, lajs Ang
C D Chapman, S Jose
Mrs C D Chapman, Cal
Mrs A B Meldrum,
Buffalo •
Miss Meldrum, Buffalo
M II Schnabel, Cal ¦
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
knowledge of the needs of els constit
uents.
Died Sitting in a Chair.
Edward Hengeland died suddenly about
5 o'clock yesterday morning: while Bitting:
ln a chair in the saloon at 6 Jackson
street. The deceased was employed as a
porter ln the Columbia House, 68 Jackson
street. He was a native of Norway, 62
years old.
An. autopsy performed. at the Morgue
by Surgeon Leland disclosed the fact that
cirrhosis of . the liver was the cause of
death. %
Had His Arm Amputated.
Thomas Madigan, a brakeman employed
by the Southern Pacific Company, while
coupling cars last night on the track be
tween Fourth and Fifth streets on King,
had his arm badly crushed.
He was taken to the railroad hospital,
where his injuries were found to be so
serious that it was necessary to amputate
the injured limb. He will probably re
cover.
was one of the best known seafaring men
on the coast. He had large shipping in
terests and It was he who with his
steamer, the Kxcelslor.brought down the
first shipment of gold from Klondike. He
was 63 years old and leaves a widow, a.
daughter and two sons. The funeral will
be under Masonic auspices from the
Westminster Presbyterian Church next
Thursday.
and existing, aud the constant fear that
the Intend to reduce rates are
the causes assigned by Mr. Crockett. He
says that the stocks of the corporation
are held not by. rich men, but by com
paratively poor people and small inves
tors. This did not seem to harmonize
yer J w iU with his admission that Peter
J. Donahue owns 8000 shares. Mr. Crockett
has a very poor opinion of Supervisors
and said that their frequent election un
der changing conditions and with different
plans of action creates a great deal of
unrest and uncertainty. Attorney Thomas
B. Bishop, who is very carefully watching
the Interests of the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company at this inquiry,
blinked and nodded in solemn accord to
this assertion of Mr. Crockett. A critical
observer might have noticed that Mr.
Bishop even fluttered as If he were skat
ing on thin Ice. ,
But notwithstanding this dlifrression Mr.
Crockett was progressing famously with
the Mayor, after the tussle with Miller,
when the president of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company took a false
step and Irretrievably Injured his Honor's
feelings.
Gas Rebates to Laundrymen,
It was during an inquiry ln reference to
rebates in charges to certain customers
of the corporation. Mr. Crockett admit
ted, ln answer to a question, that the
company does allow a rebate, not exceed
ing 10 per cent of the charge, to certain
customers, "to laundrymen. for exam
ple," he said, "to large laundrymen."
And Mr. Crockett smiled. Ever since
that little affair ln the Police Commission
his Honor the Mayor shies at laundry
men, particularly large ones in large
places. "I wanted to know," he said, "for
a very Important reason. The charter
says that the city shall not pay for gas
more than the minimum price to other
customers. I would like to know Just
what price your most ravored customers
pay."
It was the Mayor's turn to smile. He
was determined that Blggy's shadow
couldn't frighten him even ln a gas In
vestigation. His question happened to be
an important one, bo important that
Crockett refused to answer it. He was
willing to be confidential, but not to that
extent. He promised, on being excused,
that he may be able to-day to show the
city a way out of the four months of
darkness.
Gas Inspector Tupper was the next wit
ness on the stand, and swore that his offi
cial tests' proved that the candle power of
the gas supplied by the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company averages only
15.94 candles Instead of 23. as the com
pany's experts insist. Mr. Tupper became
seriously tangled with himself, though,
under the cross-examination of Crockett.
The inspector did not even know the
name of the photometer he uses, inno
cently answering that the machine
doesn't possess a name. He retired ln
comparatively good order, however, un
der the guns of the Mayor.
A Body Blow at Gas Stocks.
Charles Ackerman, president of the
Equitable Gas Company, was the next
witness. He was persuasive, friendly, vol
uble and enthusiastic. With a burst of
confidential frankness and an expressed
desire to give a candid, honest opinion,
he assured the Mayor that gas stocks are
the most unsafe Investment ln San Fran
cisco. They are absolutely Insecure, he
said, and he is thoroughly convinced as a
truthful, honest man, that the stock of
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany is not worth $10 a share. The shares
are utterly unprotected, subject to Super
visorial caprice and the stress of compe
tition. But Mr. Ackerman says his com
pany Is first class and in a short time will
be able to supply gas of excellent quality
for $1 a thousand cubic feet. His gas
works now have a daily capacity of 1,500,
000 feet on an investment of $250,000, exclu
sive of land purchases.
This Is due very largely, Mr. Ackerman
said, to the fact that the expenses of his
company are not nearly as large as those
of the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company. For example, Mr. Ackerman
gives his legal advice to his company for
nothing, while the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company pays $15,000 a year for
similar services. Mr. Bishop mildly re
buked the witness and, apologetically tell
ing him that he was mistaken, kindly re
frained from drawing any comparison be
tween the legal lights shod on the two
corporations.
The long inquiry into gas rates was
drawing to a close. The last witness was
L. V. Lowe, a very coy gentleman, placed
upon the stand by the Mayor. Mr. Lowe
admitted that he had said that he would
be called by the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company. He was asked what
it would cost to duplicate the system of
the San Francisco company and he an
swered $10,00i3,000.
"Did you not offer once," asked the
Mayor, "to duplicate. it for $3,500,000?" -
"I don't remember the amount," was
the answer, "but that was a long time ago
and for a different and Inferior process
than that used by the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. It would take
twice the amount to duplicate my sys
tem now." Mr. Lowe was hastily excused.
Electric light Muddle.
The board then began the investigation
of electric lighting, but beyond receiving
a mass of technical and not particularly
satisfactory Information, accomplished
very little. The first witness on the sub
ject was F. G. Waterhouse of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company. He
gave the board a great deal of informa
tion in relation to the cost of manufac
turing electric light, but nothing upon
which the board could establish a rate.
A. M. Hunt, engineer and general man
ager of the Independent Electric Light
and Power Company, followed, and with
his testimony the board adjourned until
to-day, when the inquiry will be conclud
ed and the rates fixed. Mr. Hunt was
exhaustive in his explanation of the cost
of manufacturing and distributing elec
tric light. He dwelt particularly upon
the difliculty of fixing rates that will be
Just, to the manufacturer and the con
sumer. He suggested a sliding scale that
will take Into consideration the time,
maximum amount of use and distance
of supply. There may be also a practical
method of establishing a flat maximum
rate and allowing competition to do the
rest. He will submit his suggestions to
day.
There was some discussion over the
question whether or not the Supervisors
must fix a rate for electric light under
the charter. It was ended by a decision
to do so, and the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company will be expected also
to offer suggestions. The Supervisors
will meet at 10 o'clock this morning to re
sume the water inquiry. The gas and
electric lnvestlgatlop will be taken up
at 2 o'clock, and at night it Is expected
that both will be concluded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1900.
ELECTRIC AND
GAS RATES WILL
BE FIXED TO-DAY
Supervisors Nearing the End
of Their Long, Wearisome
Investigation-
The Public Obtains a Glimpse of the
Art of Stock Financiering.
Secrets of the Electric
Field.
The Supervisors devoted many hours
yesterday to the affairs of the gaß and
electric light companies. The corpora
tions under investigation did not take
kindly to the Inquiry and more than one
¦sharp passage at arms occurred between
the questioners and the questioned. Facts
of general public interest in reference to
the various concerns were established and
to-day the Supervisors will end their In
vestigation and announce the rates that
wUI rule for the fiscal year beginning with
July. .
The Investigation opened yesterday with
Edward C Jones on the stand. Mr.
Jones has been using every endeavor to
persuade the Supervisors that the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company is
producing gas at the least possible cost
under the conditions that exist here. He
insisted yesterday that the company
should be treated leniently as ft pays
much higher wages than other concerns
in different parts of the country for the
same labor and is forced to pay
more for Its coal. This item of
coal is an extremely important
one, but the agents of the company de
clare that they are forced to pay very
high prices, higher, indeed, this year than,
last on account of the Boer war, that con
venient excuse for everything costly
from diamonds to ashes.
In great detail Mr. Jones related what
he knows of the operations of gas com
panies in other cities and in every in
stance he drew comparisons favorable to
the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company. When he was asked to be
more explicit, he seemed to feel hurt and
replied that he was telling all he knew.
Then Supervisor Brandenstein suggested
that if the board did not receive more de
tailed Information it might be forced to
reduce the rate to Jl 25 a thousand cubic
feet. With that ominous suggestion
ringing In his ears Mr. Jones left the wit
ness stand for the noon recess. When
the board met again the representatives
of the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company were in a savage mood.
The Mayor as a Landlord.
C. O. G. Miller, secretary and treasurer
of the Pacific Gas Improvement Company,
was the first witness called after recess.
He wsjs an extremely unwilling witness,
maintained an air of personal grievance,
refused positively to oe candid and re
torted sarcastically to the Mayor when
ever an uncomfortable question was
asked. Mayor Phelan sought particularly
to learn the character and value of the
plant Mr. Miller represented and to dis
cover the relations existing between the
Pacific Gas and Improvement Company
and the San Francisco Gas and £lectrio
Company.
Mr. Miller would admit nothing 1 more
than that the two corporations had a
business understanding, but J. B. Crock
ett was more frank later in the day and
admitted that the understanding between
the companies was to leave one another
alone and to agree upon rates. During
tiie Inquiry made to determine the value
of the plant of the Pacific Company Miller
tald that it was assesseu for *2,C00,000.
"Then you take that sum as the basis
ct valuation?" asked the Mayor, blandly.
tills Honor has very great respect for the
assessments made by Assessor Dodge.
"I did not say so, was Miller's reply.
"I r--imj>ly mentioned the circumstance as
an incident In the~-case. It would be as
just to accept that assessment value as
the true value of our property as it would
he to accept the assessed value of the
Phelan building as the true value of that
property. The Phelan property, as you
know, is assessed for $3000 or S4OOO a foot,
while you know very well that It Is worth
very much more."
It is such cruel retorts as these which
irritate his Honor; but he continued gal
lantly with the Investigation, not deigning
to reply to the disagreeable Mr. Miller.
The Mayor turned to a discussion of the
Ftockn of the company and elicited some
valuable Information, the property being
listed at the Bond Exchange for one-half
o£ what the company insists should be
the basis of its Interest-bearing income.
Miller refused to give any definite expla
nation of the fact and startling discrep
ancy, and then Mayor Phelan asked:
"The high price of gas stocks is due. Is
It not, to the earning capacity of the
stocks, and not to their intrinsic value?"
Shadows on the Phelan Stores.
Miller had been losing his patience very
rapidly. He had no purpose to be candid
and this question snapped from him a
long and sharp answer, in which he dis
played the grief of a personal affront. He
declared that the suggestion conveyed in
the Mayor's question was partly true and
partly false, just in its assertion of a
principle and unjust in its application.
With much bitterness of spirit he 6ald:
"If the Supervisors were to investigate
your Market-street property and allow
you $00 a month rent for your stores I
think the value of your property would
very seriously be affected. It is a very
large question and I don't, pretend to be
an expert regarding It." The Mayor
f-miled blandly and Mr. Miller was ex
cused, much to his evident relief.
J. B. Crockett was next placed on the
Ftand and gave an outline of what he be
lieves to be the causes for the depression
in gas stocks. Competition, threatened
SOtTnKBX PACIFIC CO3IPAMY.
(pacific htstkx.)
Trains leave »n«l nre due to arrive »t
NAN riCAN«:i*«'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Fibbuabt 25, 1900. — arriv*
•7:00 a BenicU, Suiauii, Elmira, VacavDle^
Kumseyatiil Hacramcnto *7i43p
•7sOOa BhMta Express— Davis, WWows,
Red Blufl, Portland.. .......... •7r*3p
•7>3oa Martinez, SadlUuiou, Valiejo. Napa,
Oalistosa and Santa R055......... *6>l»p
¦8:80* The Ovcrliutl Limited— Ogden, Den-
ver, Omaha, Chicago .;:.•..;...• •5«I3»
¦MiSOa S*>i .loaf. LiTermore, Stockton.-
lone, .Sacrameuto, FHcerviUe,
MarjßTllle, Cblpo, KwlCluff •4il!»r
•»:30a •Milton, Oakdale, fionora, Curteri... •Ixl.ip
•»:i>Oa naywards, Niles and Way Buttons. •! 1 :15 a
M»:U«»a Divu, Woodland. KnighU Landing,
51arj3Ti110, 0r0ii11e. .............. *7:43y
•9:00 a A tlanti.; Kxpress— Oifden and East *»:15a
•9:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lattirop, Stockton,
MercodandFresDO. M2:l3r
•BiUOa Port Costs, I're»no. lIoJaT.j Mid J.o»
Anisel.-H.. # 6j4of
• I O:O» a Talk-jo. Martinez and Way Stations *6:-»sr
•11:OOa Niles, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra- " •
mento, Mentlnta, Hanford, Visalia,
rcrterrllle — ••1:13*
•l 2:00m Haywarda, Nilea and Way Stations. *2t43p
fliOOp Sacrameuto Ktrerßtenmers tSaOOp
•3:00p Harvard*. Niles and Way Stations. *3i43»
'•lsOOp M;irtlne7, .San Itarnon, Valiejo,
Napm, l.'»lliti.i!». SmiM Rosa *9il9a
••itOOr Bealcia, Vaoavlllo, Haoranxnto,
WoixUaml, Knights Lauding.
MiirjKYllle, OroTitie.:. ...'.. ..-..:.; •••:43a
•I:3»p NHei, Nan. lfwuaud. Stockton ....... *7<13?
•3:OOpTL« Owl . Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
B.iVcrsflold. Saugns {or Banta Bar-
bara, Los Angeles *I>:43a
o3:OOp Sncset Llrtltctl— Xl Pmo, Xew Or-
leans snd Ea5t...... ..:....cI«:43A
*.1:30p Stockton. Mnce<l, Fresno .....: «15»t13p
*S:UOp Fresno, lUkerallrM, Santa Unrltara,
Loa Angeles, Denting, El Vaao,
New Orleaus and East *9i4l)a
•3«B©p Want* Fo Itoule— A tlautlo Express
f.»r M.iJkt.. ami East *0:-13p
¦6tOOr Haywardk, Niles and Han Jose. •7s-l'"»*
|o:3ur Vaflejt MSiiap
•0:3«r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago - «0:43 a
•CtsOp Orbntal M»ll— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha, Chlcaga *4il3r
t7:oop Valiejo. I'urt Costa and Way Sta-
tions. ; t»i»3p
*BiUSr Oregon and California lCii>resa,Ha«-
rnitiriil.it, Marystille, KeJiling,
PortUml. rngp n Himmi ami Taut *S»l3a
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Jaage).
¦ (Foot of Market Street.)
*S: I. T>A Newark, Ont*rilllc-,Him.Jos«,F«lton, ~
BoulderCreek.ftantaCmzandWar -
Btations *»i 5«»
t«t 1 Sp Newark, CeuterTllle, Bau Joeo, New
Almauen, Folton, Itoulder Crrer,
Santa Cms and Principal Way
Stations.... tlO>.l«A
• lil.ir* Newark, Han Jose, Los Gate 5....... *O:aOA
'jllitSp Ennten' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations l7t*or
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
romSiN FaiSCISCO— Foot if Marktt Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:18 9:00 11:00 a.m. . Jl:00 *i:M' tl:09
•1:03 15:00 •C:O3r.M. ¦
rtaOllUlß— FsoKfßruiwaT.— *C:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 '1:00 18:00 «3:03 • tl=o3 ' *8:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Ilroari Usage).* :
Q'h |r J""dTownsciidSt».)
t«itlOA Ocean View, South ban Francisco.! f5155?
*7:OOa San Joxa anil Way Station* (New -
AluiaJen Wednesdays 0n1y)....... *l:30r
••iOOa Han Jono, Tres I'iiios, Kauta Cms,
PaciUo (iiote. Paso Hobles. San.
Lnts Oliispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations »4il«r
•lIH4O* Han J.wo kh,l Way HUtlous •0:33*
•Ili3Oa Ban Joso ami Way Btations *S<Bor
t9:4Sr San AUteo, Ucdwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa, Clara, Ban.lose,
Tres Plnos, Hanta Crux. Salinas,
Monterey ami Pacific Grors .-fIOsSQA
fa;n«p San Joso and Way BUHons ........ *7:SOr
fl:l9p San Joso an.l Principal Way Stations •0:1.1*
fS:OOpBanJosoand Principal Way Stations tO:OOi
•3:!l0p San Joso ami Principal Way Stations "atM*
•OtHOp San Joss ami Way Stations |8:00 a
Hlt4Sp San Jose ami Way Btatlmn •7iaor
A for Morning. 1* (or Afternoon.
• Dally. f Hun. lay exevptett. • t Sunday only.
¦ b Saturday only.
a Tuesday* and Fridays ' c Thursdays and Sundays.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
- Commencing October 1. 139t. - • ¦
VROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILK. VAXJL,KT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WignrtC DATS— *7:OO. »»:30, U:OQ a. m..- •»:«.
?3:40. 8:15. S:00. •:» p. m. ¦
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vatl»y and Ban Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and. Saturdays,
at 0:00 and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— «B -.00. 19:00, WM a. ra.; 1:U.
1:15, »4:45, «:30. 9:00 p.m. <
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL.' TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYB-«:zs. "SISS. 1:45, ,•»:« a. m.;
•11:30. 2:15. *J:4O, »B:15 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. "Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 8:40 and 10:15 p. m. -¦'¦¦•
BUNDAYS— B:2O, »8:00. n0:00. *11:4» a. m.|
n:4O. •Z-M. 4:45. *«.-«o o. m.
¦• Trains marked (*> start from Saa Quentln.
FROM MILK. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYB-«:45, -6:45, 7:55. »:45'a> m.;
1J:3B, tiS5. 3:45, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 v. ra.
SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:05 a. m.; 1J:O5. 1:14, I:M.
i*oo. «:45 p. m.
¦ THROUGH TRAINB.
f:00 a. m. week days— Casadero and way statluos.
1:40 p- m. Saturdays— Tomalas and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— TomaJes aad way station*.
MOUNT TAMALPrIiS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco Tia SauasJUo ¦ Ferry.
Week days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. i^
Bundsys .....8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. nu
. ' Bteam-heated ' closed • car on all trlana.
Far^-Ban Francisco to Summit and Raton.
/^\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Aa^^k9 2 .^F' AR^ r ST - Established
Bnna 1n , 1554 *° r ' he treatment of Private
HLW*Su Pleases, Lost Manhood. Dfbilltyor
tSSagjSlI rllspaae^earißKon bodyand mind and
¦JgjHfeflHM Slcin Dlaeas«L_ The doctorcures when
J«|mMa others fall. Try him. Charg-es low
i^mnflwafrii (urf. t iraraii<ffd. Callorwrlta.
Or. J. JP. UlßßOjf, B«x 1937. Saa Francica
CALIFORNIA NORTWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market S*.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7: JO. »:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 11:35.
*: JO, 5:10, ¦ •:*> p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at U:V> p. m. Saturdays— Estra trips at 1:54
' and 11:» p. m. • - -
BUN DATS— B:OO. 9:10. 11:00 a. D.; 1:33. S:*>.
5.C0, «:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-4:W. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:43.
t:4O, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:55 and f:l5 p. m.
StTNDATS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. rcu; 1:40. 3:10. 5:05.
«:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbaetxen Park
sam« schedule as abov«.
Leave ¦ Arrive
Pan Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
1 October 15. ¦
Week Son- 1S». Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
T:3oam B:Xoam Novata. 10:40 am 8:40 am
S:JO pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pra S :00 pm Santa Rasa. 7:55 pm 8:23 pm
Fulton.
7:10 am Windsor, 10:35 am
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8: JO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm (:23 pm
7:30 ami . .-IHopland and I j
I 8:00 am( Uklah. | 7:35 pmf 8:23 pm
7:10 am 10:23 am
8:00 am GuernevHle. 7:33pm
S:3O pm C:23 pm
7:30 am 8.-00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. (:06 pm 8:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami SebastopoL 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm( 5:00 pm| f 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprlnrs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
(or Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle tor Skaggs I
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvtlle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Pay. Lak»-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchr
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerleys.
Bucknell's, Sanhediin Heights. Hullvtlle, Orr*a
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Braxs.
Weitport. Usal, Wlllttts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
sling's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
Ecotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
RfILIFOBNIfI | IMITED
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train acros* the continent.
Connectino Train Leaves San Francisco:
5 P..T. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving: In Chicago at 2:13
P.n la time to connect with all limited
trains for New York. -
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
CXPDFSS P" "^ ' with Pa^ce and Tourist
riA ii v cars f or Kansa3 c «7. St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton. VAI IfY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare do Art
and Bakersfleld. ROAD
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
TBISCO SOON SfggSa^JKSijl
¦way; Sacramento, 251 J Street; Saa Jose. 7 West '
Santa Clara Street.
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
CHICAGO,
VIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS.
. LEAVING SAN FRANCI3CO DAILY.
8:30 A. M. and 6:30 P. M.
Effective February 96. 1900.
Get Information of Southern Pacific ticket
as«nts or . ___'¦
GENERAL OFFICE. 14 Montgomery at.
WeeHy Gall $1.00 lerleai
I Mil jiiiSl Jjlmos
fHas Merit: Superiority/^
1 FOR ¦ - J
I Constipation and Hemorrhoids I
t "M IS UNEXCELLED. j
t Beware Substitutes ! j
9
"Stop Coffee and Use Postum Cereal
Coffee."
It seemed a hard matter to jjet
through breakfast without a cup of hot
coffee, so I stuck to it for several
years, although I was a srreat sufferer
from sick headaches, which sometimes
attacked me as often as three times a
week. I used to take medicine for my
head troubles, not knowing the cause of
them, and kept on drinking coffee, until
I finally came down with a serious stom-
ach trouble and had to go to the doctor.
He said I had dyspepsia in a bad form
and some other complications; that I
must stop drinking coffee and tea for a
year or more. I got hold of the Postum
Food Coffee, and since using it have
been entirely free from the headaches
and stomach trouble.
"It has evidently been a great benefit
for me, for my health has been revived
and I have grown fleshy since begin-
ning its use. My husband and daughter
also drink Postum and like it very
much. Daughter does not think she can
have a breakfast without her Postum.
I find people occasionally who have
tried Postum, but complain that it is
not ftrong enough. I find in such cases
that they are cither helter-skelter house-
keepers or have been very careless in
the preparation of the Postum Food
Coffee. It requires full fifteen minutes
of actual boiling after the bubbling be-
gins, and two heaping teaspoonfuls to
the person. This gives an elegant cup
of coffee. Any one who is troubled
with coffee drinking can well afford to
abandon it and take up the Postum
Food Coffee." Mrs. L. W. Bell. 2532
Nicollet aye.. Minneapolis, Minn. .
Some good housekeepers mix the
Postum, four heaping teaspoons to the
pint of water, in a very little water, and
place it in a tall coffee pot so it will not
boil over, then after it has begun to
boil and been stirred down they add
enough water to make up the requisite
amount of liquid. ,
MRS. LEWIS FACING DEATH.S._C FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hares etreet: open until 9:39 p. m.
C 39 McAllister etreet; open until »:$» p. to.
CIS Larkin atreet; open until 9:SO p. m.
IMI MUaion street; open until 10 p. m.
J2CI Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
er.til * p. m.
106 Eleventh rtreet: open until » p. tn.
1096 Valencia street:|open until » p. m.
1223 Polk etreet: open until 9p. m. ;
Northweat corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets : open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44^". and •
A. M —Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _/%_,
EVENING at 7:S> o'clock. First de- TtJT
gree. THEO. FRO— tCH. Secretary, f^r >
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F and A. ¦
M.-Second degree THIS (WEDSES- Jk
DAY) EVENING, February :«. at 7:30 }Lj\
o'clock. By order of the W. M. / ? '
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
_ XCEO—IOR Lodge No. ICB. F. and A. ¦
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- __P\_
DAY) EVENING. February ZS. atTKJT
730 o'clock. Third degree. /~r
• THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. •
M — Special meeting THURSDAY, _#V_
March 1, at 1:30 p. m., for the purpose T^3T
of conducting the funeral of our late » ~^
brother. JOSEPH GRAY LAVERY. Friends
are respectfully invited to attend. By order
of the Master. TliEO. E. SMITH. Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— _•
CaJled meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) Ji.
EVENING at 7:3u o'clock. Second de-lt^
gree. C. D. SUNK EH, Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No. t:<l, 1. O. O. F.— <_£__2&.
The -JliANi' MASTER will l>»
present THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING. February 2S. Initia- ™"_
tion. AM rnembera are requested to be present.
Visitors welcome. GEO. SHERMAN, N. G.
C. BRIND. Recording Secretary.
INSTALLATION of officers of "Old Friends"
TO-NIGHT, at 877 Market st. Ent. 1 Fifth st,
THE California Debris Commiaalcn having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process Irom A. B. Jacks in the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch. Plumas County,
to depoeit tailings in Wh'.tl*ck ravine; from
Manuel L»>al. in the Union mine, in New
York Township. Yuba County, to deposit
tailings on New York flat: from Walter E.
Peteraon. in the Manila Placer mine, near
Igo, Shasta County, to deposit tailings In a
worked-out pit. and from the Cherokee
Gravel and Gold Mining Company. In the
Cherokee crave! mine, near Carter-. Tuo-
lumne County, to deposit tailings- in Bear
Creek, rives notice that a meeting will be
held at room ES, Flood building. Pan Fran-
elffro. Cal.. on Mar«-h 5. IS"", at 1:89 p. m.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF A MAEERY of Egypt, greatest aetrolo-
Kist and palmist in the world: satlsf action
guaranteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
"~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without *uccesa; collectlona. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unleaa succeaaful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market et. opp. Mason.
T. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at 603 Cal. et.. Clunle bldg.
1, . 8. CLARK, Emma Spreckela bldg., 927 Mar-
ket rt. : ronsu'.tatlcn free: no feea In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY with grown family wishes young child
to board; good borne; reasonable. Box 4253,
Call otflce.
CO'iD home for 2 children over 2 years old.
SITE Pert?- at.
RESPECTABLE German woman would take
child to board reasonable. Call 3012 Sixteenth.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board in German
family: best care. 41? Minna st.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BCHOOL BOOKS boucht and exchanged.
Holme* Bo<~.k «>>.. 704 Miraton ft., near Third.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
CHILDREN'S chocs. neat and good, special.. 6sc
Ludie«' lace or button shoes, epecial 11 00
Co pair rr.en'a shoes, all Kizes. epecial tl 15
People's Shoe Store. ISO 3 Stockton, nr. Br"dw'y
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^-noO^CORNER grocery and bar on Sutter
«.. with 3 llvir^-rooms and bath; rent $25;
good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
3'jC Market Et.
X—H'j); SALOON. Kearny Bt., close to Preseott
House; splendid paying place: low rent: owner
leavea for Nome. R. G. WILKE, 908 Market.
A— sii&; CORKER crocery and bar; living
room; rent $15; very best location on Twenty-
eecond at.; etock will Invoice $700; rare bar-
rain. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st_,
room (.
X JISOO GROCERY Btore: in best location in the
Mission; 3 living rooms; bath; rent $20; a
rare chance for good peylng business. Call
R. G. WILKE. room g. SO6 Market St.
X— s^o: RESTAURANT and chop house on
Stockton at- ; ectabl. many yea.ru and clearing
above $150 per month. Call room 8. 906 Mar-
ket ft. II G. WILKE.
X EALOON on water front, with 4 years' lease;
£ne fixtures; large stock; rua-ing business;
no better location on East at.; eplendld
chasce. R. Q. WILKE. 906 Market st.
X— sBooo— 3s ROOM hotel with flret-class paying
saloon; cloee to the ferrle* depot on the wa-
ter front: house always crowded and known
on both aides of t-c Picific. Call R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market at., room 8.
}kLL KINDS OF BARGAINS— SEE THEM.
Oyster house: clears $500 $2250
Cigar Btore, $1200; cigar 8t0re.... 550
Produce, butter and *-ggs 350
Hotel and bar, $4000: hotel and bar 1600
Meat market; clearing $250 1200
Fruit and grocery Btore 200
Ral oon: fine location 700
Orocery and bar, $800; grocery and bar.. 1000
Grocery and bar. $200; grocery and bar.... 200
Ptationery and book Btore 800
Branch bakery. $150; branch bakery...... C5O
Ftallonery and notions 330
Brass foundry; clears $300 2500
Coal, wood and feed. $;<WO; coal and feed. 500
Candy 6tore. $v»>; candy store 350
Drug etore in good country town 2809
Blacksmith shop 2V>
Teaming business; clears $,VX> 2000
200 PI. ACES THAT I DO NOT ADVERTISE.
Tel. John SL H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market gt.. opp. Fifth.
X. 6TENBERG CO SSS MARKET ST.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS
Telephone Folsom 1343
Have earn buyers en hand ready to Invest,
therefore list your businessea with ua
...None trit legitimate propositions wanted...
TO BUYERS :
Before buying please call on ue and
Investigate our propositions
1 ALSO
MONET TO LOAN MONEY TO LOAN
on all kinda of furniture and fixture 5..........
:¦•...-. Highest caah price paid
for general merchandise and liquors
STENBERG CO.. 535 Market st.
'X FINE corner saloon Tiear Market at $700
A 120-room hotel, with bar $5500
A good paying butcher chop; bargain $500
A fine grocerj-; doing $2000 per month $3r.00
A good paying rooming houae; cheap $900
(Several other houses from $250 to $5000
A fine bakery; good location; cheap ... $400
Candy and f.rult etores; all prices: bargains.
6ee MITCHELL & ADAMS, SO6 Market Bt_
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloona or any
bUßlneas; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers*
Journal. £39% California at., room L
$450— SALOON with 8 living rooma; fine trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal, 6S9Vi Cali-
fornia Et.. room 1.
BARGAIN — Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. CSSv, California et.. room 1.
FOR bargains In ealoona. groceriea and ban.
cigar etores. restaurants, oyater houaes,
branch bakeries, lodging houses. 10 to 100
rooms. Bee J. H. CHISEL & CO.. 79 Third i>t.
A— J!SOO; HALF Interest In flrat-class saloon 'on
Market St.; average monthly receipts $2000;
low r-^it and small expenses; only reason for
Belling, owner needs an honest assistant; flrst-
class bufinesa preposition;, fullest Investiga-
tion solicited; if buyer not satisfied money re-
funded; knowledge of buslnesa not necessary;
reference* exchanged. Address box 1360. CalL
A-HO.OOO BUSINESS for $4000; will clear $5000
per annum: will rtand investigation. Pacific
State* Realty Co.. kCS Market st_. room 520.
TOTI eal<? — One of the best corner saloons in the
city. Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN &CO
21S Clay tt_
GOOD paying 15c barber shop; laundry office;
bargain. Mitchell & Adams. 906 Market Bt.
TV ANTED— A tailor or dyer to buy out well-
established business, dyeing, cleaning v re-
pairing; reason for selling going to Paris
Exposition. Address F. M. SCHMIDT, So-
nora. CrU.
WANTED— Partner, cne-half Interest $2000,
to enlarge hardware business; have $5500 in
etock; established 20 years. Address Box
2715. Call. Oakland.
PARTNER— Lft^y or gentleman with $600 can
double tbelr money In one month: mining
proposition. Addrega box 42SS. Call office.
GROCERY store wanted: must be cheap. Ad-
drtaa box 4370. Call office.
n-ivr to purchase a restaurant or lodging-
taSi. Apply box 4369. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
$560— DAY saloon, downtown, between the
wholesale houses; doing good business; a. bar-
galn if sold at once. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$SOO-RESTAURANT; established for 20 years;
guaranteed to clear $126 a month: owner going
out of business. M. LESS. 765 Market Bt.
$300— WOOD and coal yard In the Mission; horse
and wagon; rent only $10 per month; oia ea-
tabltehed. M. LESS. 766 Market at,
$1000— CORNER grocery and bar; north of Mar-
ket; well worth $1500; alckneaa cause of Bale,
a bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
PARTNER wanted with small capital In man-
ufacturing business supplying the Govern;
ment. Apply to J. E. SLINKEY & CO.. 877
Market su; entrance 1 Fifth.
PARTNER in pork sausage and delicacies
store; steady man; small capital. Apply 7»
Third st. ¦
FINE grocery and. bar; new stock; no oppoBl-
tion; sickness cause of sale; sacrifice. Box
4351. Call . office.
FOR rent-Shoemaker's shop and 8 »vlng
rooms. 4102 Nineteenth st.. near Castro, nice
place; low rent. ¦ - -
FOR Sale-Cigar stand; good location; a bar-
galn. Inquire at 801 Sixth at. ¦T* M. KARR.
LAW office for Bale; 209 books; furniture;
clients: $350. 73 Murphy building.
$350— PARTNER wanted; office business; $75 to
$150 per month to each. Box 1357. Call
$50 WILL buy complete outfit for making Dia-
phanie glass elgns. lanterns, etc; mr experi-
ence necessary; no competition. H. M., box
43f3, Call office. |
FOR sale — Bar and grocery store, with 2 aunny
rooms: rent, $8; leaving the city cause of sell-
lng. 243 Shipley at.
FOR aale — Good paying reataurant near the
water front: rent paid till March 10. Inquire
at 12 Washington at.
WANTED— Live man with small capital to take
interest in manufacturing business. Box 4361,
Call. ¦
SALOON, 'with 3 living rooms: must be sold at
once; owner going away. Inquire 60 Seventh.
FOR sale— Fine downtown route on The Call; In
business section of the city. 1121 Filbert at,
GROCERY store" in Western Addition. Apply
W. D. CASEY, 3043 Sacramento.
$1700 CASH— Corner grocery and bar: rood lo-
cation and stock; 2 blocks from Market Bt. ;
no agents wanted. 1713H Mission Bt.
A PALOON for eale cheap; located In the
Potrero. Apply on premises, 1543 Kentucky.
NO. 1 butcher business, $1400; fixtures, horses,
and wagons coat . $2000; bargain. Apply
Butcher. 378 Shotwell Bt.
NEW bakery or laundry: 3-can milk wagon; 2-
reated spring wagon; 3 grocery or delivery
warona. — Cortland aye.
FOR sale — Old-eßtab'.ished restaurant; good
business; cheap: sickness. Box 4268, Call.
CANDY Btore and factory wanted: principals
only; must be in city. Box 4266. Call office.
ROUTE of E44 paper* on this paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Poatofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL St CO.. 412 Sacramento at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubccrlptiocs has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlEementa and aubscrlptlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk tt.; open till 9 o. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and - sec-
ond-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 130
sets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
the business must be closed. 1140 Folsom St.,
near Eighth.
NEW bakery wagon below cost; prospective
buyer died. 1221 Webster at. near Ellis.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. wk & driving horsre. 15th and Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Teharoa at.; tel. 3. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 S;h at.; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson Bt. : tel. South £28; lowest ratea.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
at.: cleaning. Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at,;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON KLIN* 8 Carpet-beatlne worka, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
spiritualism.
attentionT ~7^7.^77.~.~. removed;
mrs. dr. a. d. howe.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance ia priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole elope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to Bee this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always suocessful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Officea removed to her residence, 1081
Seventh aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broed pauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station, 2d station from
Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRsT "j7"X~WHTrNElFr^oTnMarket^ ';" tranceT
test- business medium; life reader; alao medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular; slttingssl_
DINSMORE, celebrated clairvoyant, will hold
grand clairvoyant test seance Tues. and Fri.
evga. at 7:30; private fittings dally. 218 Eddy.
MME. MOREAU, the beat medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth at., near Mlcslon.
ARNOLD. DICKSON give everybody testa to-
nlght. 10c; sittings, 25c, 50c. 148 Sixth, room 1.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1421 Mkt., bet. 10th _ 11th;
dr. Tuea. 8 p. m., Thur. 2 p. m., 25c; alt daily.
HEALING and develop" g medium; satlsf action;
readings 2Sc and 50c thla week. 942 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
elttlnga daily. 212*4 Sixth at.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh at. la the original
gypsy life reader; readings 26c.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
230 Ellis St.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c 944 Howard
i-t.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. EBERHARDT, spiritual test meeting. 7:30
p m . 10c 3250 22d, bet. Mission and Valencia.
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all: circle Tues., Frt.. 2
p. m.; Mon.; «8; 25c; sittings IL 233 Valencia.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
______ ______
(-ROOM elegant cottage; modern; bath and
baggage room; rent reasonable; quiet; refer-
¦ ence.-. 817 Seventeenth St., Oakland,
COTTAGE. 4 rooma: furnished; rent reason-
able: quiet; references. Sl5 Seventeenth st..
Oakland.
COTTAGE, 6 rooma, bath, large yard. 1917
Point Lobos aye., . near Ninth.
$B— 4-ROOM cottage, newly repaired; basement;
sunny. 171 Collins, nr. Geary and Pt. Lobos.
$10— COTTAGE of 3 aunny rooms. 134 Rose st.,
between Gough and Octavla; 1 blk from Mkt.
6-ROOM ccttage; 23Vi Morris aye., bet, Harri-
son and Bryant, nr. 6th: key next door. N0. 23.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. ¦ Room SlO. 527 Market at.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. HIOGINS' den_l^wlo^s?~927
Market at., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by uae of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the beat and moat artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully , treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $3; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate;. crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our fieah-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, . 60c; crowns, $3 60: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth at. ' ¦ :¦
FULL set of teeth, $5; -gold crowns, $J; new
I methods In bridge work;' fillings, . gold, $1 up;
silver, 60c; painless extraction, 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DEVTISTS/- ..
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket at., cor. 4th, rm. 7 Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our. specialty:, gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free: $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 1
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at., ex-
tracta and fllla teeth painlesaly by hla won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes: no studenta; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy Bt.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 250.
GUARANTEED dentistry; $1 week; we refer to
6000 patients. Eamond Dental Parlors. 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Bt.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk at '¦" ¦ ¦ '
OHIO Dental T»-rlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, seDt to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Pest. FlUmore—
Advice and medicine 76c; city viaita $160; all
animals treated: doga boarded. Tel. Weat 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School ; sewing de-
partment open to all during March; patterns
cut 25c up. 103 Poat st.
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Nesa.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.; dresaea
made. $5 up; dreaaea made over; perfect nt.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng.plnklng. 121 Poat. over O'Connor _ Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Bualness College, 24 Post st., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, ahorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, Engllah
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING as it is done; superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TAKK,
expert accountant. Flood building. - •
ALL students but two taking full course
this year _ot positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market at.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech., eurvey, assay, archl.: day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers-
Classes forming: French conversation. Mer-
cantlle Library, 530 G. O. aye.. r. 6, 6; hrs. 2-8.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market Bt. ; life
scholarship. $50; send for catalogue.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or claaa. Barker*a Academy. 927 Mission.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a epeclalty;
engrossing ; Spanish. 337 Phelan bulldlng ;
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CIVIL service coaching; day. evening. San
Francisco Business College, 1236 Market at.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof.Merkl. auccess-
ful teacher. 1008 Mission ;best methods, results.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
CLASSES In German. French. Spanish: $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addrees In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid. -
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. 30 Geary St.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st.. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI. 421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 4144 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED FEMAL— .
STRONG German girl desires situation as cook;
institution or private family; references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
NEAT, refined girl desires situation as infant's
narse, or grown children; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt. .
NEAT Irish housegirl: good cook, American
and German style; good references. MRS.
NORTON. 213 Sutter st-
SWEDISH housegirl; flrst-claes cook; 2 yeans
last place: also Swedish nursegirl, $15.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter at.
REFINED, middle-aged woman wants position
In city as housekeeper or general housework
in widower's family: cood cook; kind and
pleasant: 1 year In last place; best of refer-
ences. Call from 10 a. m. until sp. m. at 530
Golden Gate aye. '
BY competent woman, position as working
housekeeper; good cook and manager: best of
references; no objection to country. 717
O'Farrell gt.
COMPETENT German wishes situation as
coachman and gardener; can milk; very handy
about private place; flrst-class reference.
Box 4379. Call office.
GOOD, rescectable woman needa work very
badly; can do any kind; good housecleaner;
would go by day or any way; $1 and carfare.
The Eagle. 78 Third at., room 5.
COLORED woman wishes day work or wash-
ing to take home, or situation at general
housework, or as nurae, during the day. Ad-
dress box 4350, Call. ¦ . • , /
REFINED young girl, German, wishea poal-
tion to care for one or two children, assist
light housework In Berkeley. Apply at 2401
/Shattuck aye., Berkeley.
YOUNG woman wishes to go as working house-
keeper or do light housework; small family;
moderate wagea; no postala; references. 1601
Turk st.
A GERMAN girl wifihes work washing and
Ironing by the day. Tel. Main 6332. 418 Pow-
ell fit.
A GERMAN refined lady wishea position as
working housekeeper; city or country; no trl-
flers. 418 Powell St.
A GuOD reliable girl wishes a situation to do
upstairs work and sewing; good references
given; no postal answered. Apply 440 Vi Jessie.
CHRISTIAN woman wants place as house-
keeper; wages $10 to $12. Call, or address
MRS. M. E. F., 746 Howard st.
GIRL wishes a position in private family; up-
atalra or nurse to invalid lady; Is a good
seamstress; city or country. 1634 Pacific aye.
LADY would like work of any kind a. few hours
dally; no washing; would care for children
afternoons and evenings. Box 4372, Call.
WOMAN wants position; chamberwork or mend
bed linen, or will take home work or do house,
cleaning from 9 to 4. Address box 4373, Call.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS wish positions In country
hotel or resort; no objection to wait at one
meal. Box 4377. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer;
best of references. Address Y. V., b0x. 4375,
Call office. ' .
AN American woman wants ' chamberwork or
housecleanlng by the day. 106% Third st.,
room 18. ¦ -¦ ¦
YOUNG girl wants situation to take care of
child; wagea $15; good references. Call or ad-
drees 1697 Fifteenth St., corner Valencia.
HOUSEKEEPER: refined Vienna lady ¦ wants
position as working housekeeper. 1 Fifth at.,
room E2.
A YOUNG Eastern girl deslrea ! general work
and cooking; wages $20. Call 221 Hickory
aye., near Van Nesa.
AMERICAN woman wants any. kind of house-
work by the day. Call any time at 373 Jesele.
TRUSTWORTHY woman seeks a position aa
- housekeeper or aecond work in a priest's
house; no objection to country; can be well
recommended. 206 Eddy st. •
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants a' situation as
cook for men In the country; no objection to
logging or mining camp. Call or address 517
Ninth St., Oakland. W&BB
GOOD housekeeper wishes to take charge;
country; San Jose, Los Angeles or Santa
Barbara preferred. Call from -2:30 to 4:80 at'
room 3, O'Farrell st. •
LADY wishes sewing and mending at home.
150 Fourth st, room 7.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Marl
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable;- free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and aubscriptlons
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
aubscrlptlonß has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. • v
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlsementa and subscriptions has ; been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9. p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ aubscriptlons - has been established at the
northweat comer of Twenty-aecond and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 x>. m. •
EMPLOYMENT WAKTED--MAIE^
A YOUNG frenchman of good education and
. reputation, who can. speak, read and -write
.English, .wishes to go to the Paris exposition
with an American family or somebody as an
Interpreter; moderate terms and can . give
food references. - Address JEAN JjA-
¦ CLERQUB. 217 Pacific aye., Santa Crux, Cal.
A RELIABLE American wants position, man-
ager, bookkeeper," cashier, salesman, cierK,
experienced In lumber, general mdse., cigars
or hotel business: beat of references; bankers
and merchants. Address W. P.. box 4376. Can.
YOUNG : man. carpenter by trade, wants
steady position, city or country: has no objec-
tion to a ranch or country place as all-round
handy man. Box 4384, Call. '" '
A RESPONSIBLE German, mttrrted man, with,
horse and amall wagon, would like a perma-
n ent poaltlon of some kind. 3009 Twentieth.
GARDENER— Practical. 10 year* California,
desires position, private, or lay out new
place; references. Bex 2716, CalL. Oakland. y
HOTEL man wants position In country hotel
as night clerk, porter, watchman: 10 years
experience. , Box 2712. Call, Oakland.
BRIGHT colored boy wishes situation in hotel
-a bell boy, or in private family; needs work.
Address b0x' 4277," Call office. • ¦ ¦
GOOD boy wants position as errand or bell
boy. Address 1011 Minna et.
EXPERIENCED butcher wishes work In hotel
or shop; city or country. Box 4385. Call office.
MAN and wife wish' positions: wife a good
cook: man capable of managing dairy. In-
quire <!33 and 433 Pine at^ .
EXPERT accountant: 1C years' experience:
books systematized, opened, closed or audit-
ed; Instructions given; terms reasonable. Box
4364. Call. • ¦
SITUATION wantefi as Janitor or porter by
steady, reliable man; 32 years; married; ref-
erences. Box 4365, Call. '
A PROFESSIONAL, cook wishes situation;
¦ American. French and German kitchens: pri-
vate family preferred. Box 4366. Call offlce.
YOUNG man (German) deaires a position a s !
driver for bakery wagon. Address G. 8., 827
Market St., Oakland. ' J
POSITION as bookkeeper or other clerical
¦ work. Addresa 142 CoUlngwood st. .
JAPANESE boy, well speaking, for position
cleaning offices^ Address FRANK YOSHI-
NAGA. 1001 Market st., Van Vroom.
ALL-AROUND cook; wide experience: good
reputation; wants situation. ~ GEORGE
STOLL, 106 Eddy Bt.. room 39.
SMALL, active elderly man would like situa-
tlon as cook: city or country. Address J.
HENDERSON, -629 Clay Bt. '
AN experienced woolen Btock and aample man
would like situation with flrst-claas house;
good examiner and hard worker. Address box
4290, Call. ' -'¦¦' ¦ . :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and aubscriptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
aubscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. .„- :¦'
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at. ; open until 9 p. m. :•
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky 6ts. : open until 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market at.: examination free; German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone. Mint. 257.
• FLATS TO LET.
CORNER upper flat. 7 rooms and bath; fine
view; $14. Flat of 4 rooms and bath. $10.
Flat of 3 rooms, $7. Key at 4499 Seventeenth.
MCALLISTER, 907— German family; aunny bay
window flat of 3 furnished rooms and bath;
$1S monthly or rented separately.
FOR rent in Sausalito, a flat of five rooms and
bath; partly furnished. Box 4360. Call.
GEARY, 241. opp. Union Square— Flat, 3 rooms;
furniture for sale; terms reasonable.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &.HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
LOWER 4 rooms; bath; stabla, 3073 Twenty-
fourth, nr. Folsom; cars pass house; rent $14.
NEW flats; light, sunny; 6. 6 rooms: yard;
banement. 2129 Jones at.; near Greenwich. ;
TWO sunny flats, upper and lower; 4 and 6
rooms. 304-906 Minna st.. above Tenth.
VERY pleasant flat of 4 rooms and bath; yard;
¦ ¦$14. 223 Ivy aye.. near Franklin.
F^ATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
BIRCH AYE., 5— 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nlshed. '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELLED Iron beds, all sizes, $2 90; heavy
matting 10c yard; 7-plece bearoom set, $20.
Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310. 1312 rtockton St.,
near Broadway. - .-
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY ' buys your furniture, , carpets,
piano. 1135 Market Bt,; telephone Jessie 76L
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest prices for. your 2d-hand furniture.
W E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS— Contra Coata, Alameda. San Joaquln
and Stanislaus; money in this; Investigate.
CLARK. 751 Nineteenth at.. Oakland.
AGENTS— Want managing agent for Fresno,
Tulare, Kern and Kings counties: money in
this. HERRICK. 1417 Brush at., Oakland.Cal.
HARPER _ BROTHERS' aub»crlptlon worka
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicltora; entire line. J. N.
ODELL. 206 Kearny at.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO:! ....PHONE GRANT 185
„ HOTEL DEPARTMENT .... ...
12 waitresses, first-class country hotels, $20;
4 waitresses. • city, $20; chambermaid, coun-
try, $20; 2 chambermaids, city, $17 60, first-
class hotel.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Woman for ranch work, no objection to
child; German second girl, country, $25; cooks,
house girls, second girls, assistants, all na-
tionalities, wanted to-day, for city and coun-
try. ¦a^^HANSErr&C^JLO^^Mryjßt^
TWO salesladies, first-class candy store. $7 a
week: no office fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary at.
CASHIER for restaurant. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— GirIs for general housework for Al-
ameda, Oakland. San Rafael. Sonoma Co.
Fresno, Belvedere, Petaluma, $20. $25 and $30;
three waitresses, country, hotels, $20; wait-
ress, • city restaurant. $6 a week; American
cook, short orders, home bakery, $30: 4 flrst-
class German and American cooks,*. $30; iron-
ers, $9 a. week; second girl and nurae, $20;
Becond girl, Berkeley, $20; nurse, $20; 60 glrla
for housework in city, $20 and" $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. :
SECOND clrl, $25; cook. $30; houseglrl Oak-
land. $25; San Rafael, $25; Alameda. $25; cook
and second girl, same house, $25 and $15; mld-
. die-aged ¦ woman, light housework, $20; wait- j
ress, country hotel, $20-$25: houseglrls, $25 and
$T,O. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter at.
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts and ahlrt
waists. HOFFMAN & . STEINHART. .. 412
Market at. ' - ' . ' "
GOOD ranch cook; German or Swedlah; good
wages; good home' to right party. Apply 728
Howard at., to-day, . between 10 and 1.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. !51
Cumberland at., bet. Nineteenth and : Twen-
tieth, Guerrero and Dolorea. .
STRONG, willing German girl to mind baby
and assist with housework: wagea, $12 a
month. Apply at 622 Fell. MRS. FONSECA.
GIRL'to assist with baby and light housework.
10-4. 30 Dearborn, bet- Valencia and Guer-
rero, off Seventeenth. '
GERMAN • girl ' or elderly lady ' to assist with
housework; small wages; good home. 3432
Eighteenth Bt. : ":¦ ;.:~ J.": '-' . " : : -
MIDDLE-AGED woman as housekeeper.; who
understands care of children. ' 131 Valencia at.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. 1362
¦ Geary at. .... ..- ;
WANTED— Nurse girl. Call 2527 Pine Bt.
EXPERIENCED apprentices on custom coats.
! 667 Minna ; st. " • ".'¦*.
GIRL to do general housework; wages $20; call
after 9 a-.m. ¦ 1 Scott st. - ¦
.GIRL for housework. Call 113 Bartlett st.
WANTED— Nurse' girl; sleep home; small
, wages. £42 Mission st. '
WANTED — Competent cook for small family.
2627 California at., near. Scott; after 10 o'clock.
WANTJED—^A girl for light housework and take
care of baby. .Call at 204 Sixth st.
GIRL for : general ? housework; V Japanese boy
: asßlst: wages, $20.';; 1710 : Laguna, near. Sutter.
GIRL for general housework: short distance in
country. Apply bet. •9 • and 12, 2615 1 Union st.
YOUNO girl; company and card if or. children.
216 Hickory aye. , ::..¦ - .
WANTED— A girl . to assist In general house-
work. Apply 483 Hayes at.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. 1
WA^TED^Mididie-aged i lady~to asslet In housel
.work In Alameda; good home and wages. 368
Dolores st.. city. '
WANTED— German girl for housework and
cooking. Apply between f and 12, 414 Van
Ness aye. .
GlRL' for general housework; good plain* oook-
lng; $18 month; small family. »6_ Larkin.
-WANTED— A young German girl to assist In
hou sework and bakery. 142 Eleventh at.
EXPERIENCED skirt hand. 20 Sar.some St.,
upstairs.
OIRLS WANTED.
To work on shirts; berlnners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 86H Fremont St.; elevator.
ABOUT 150 more sewing machine operators will
- find good paying work in l*vi Strauss * Co.'a
overall factory. 32H Fremont st. MR. DA-
VIS. Supt.
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse girl for boy 8 years old; must do sew-
ing. 997 Golden Gate aye. .
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles* waists
and children's wear: electric power: steady
work; good pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Markt.
TWO young ladles for cashiers In coffee parlors
and bakery; must have experience and refer-
ence. Apply A. BREUS3. 617 Montgomery Bt.
APPRENTICES on Bhlrts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove ats. •
WANTED— A good girl for general housework
and cooking in Alameda. Inquire at 405 Bat-
tery at.. S. F.. between 10 and 12 o'clock.
WANTED— GirI to work In bakery and assist
with children. 2SOB . Twenty-fourth at.
GIRL for housework and waiting at table;
German preferred. 2217 Sacramento at.
A GIRL for; general housekeeping. 2811 Bu-
chanan st. ¦
AN improver on skirts. Apply at 1281 O'Farrell
ctreet. ' - ¦ . ;
GIRL for general housework In small family.
' 1281 O'Farrell at,
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 2023
Sacramento at.; wages $15; call before 12.
GIRL for general housework. 2915 Franklin
, street. ¦
YOUNG girl. 14 years old, to make herself gen-
erally useful. ..944, Geary st.
WANTED— A talloress on fine coats; wages $10
to $12. 511V4 Jones st., near O'Farrell.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests; must make
first-class buttonholes. 956 Mission Bt.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on cloaks and appren-
tlce wanted. Apply 1236 Market at., room 97.
WANTED— FemaIe help at the National Uun.
dry. - 411 , Sanchez at. - ¦ ¦'
TAILORESS— Finisher on custom pants at 6V4
Kearny st., room 18," top floor.
LADIES' cloaks, suita. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subacrlptlona
received at Call branch offlce. 2220 FUlmore.
A BRANCH .office for Call advertlaementa and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt. '""'''.
A BRANCH office, for the reception of adver-
tlaements and aubscriDtlona has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsementa and
subscriptions . has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bta. ; open until 9 p.m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
!! '.".7.7.7.7.*..* WANTED TO-DAY
Ship To-morrow
A gang of railroad teamatera for Coast Road.
Santa Barbara County.. •••••
Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
AT C R HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 GEARY ST.
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Roast cook, country hotel, $75; vegetable
cook and make waffles, hotel, $40; cook for
Institution, country. *40 •••
25 waiters for hotels and restaurants, city
and country, $45, $40, $35, $27 60. and $25; 2
omnibuses for hotel, $25. ¦
......... MISCELLANEOUS
Coal miners: 4 quartz miners. $2 50 a day :
milker, $25: hostler, country stable. $2a; 2
farmers, $20; SO woodchoppers. C. R. HAJN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
4 COLORED waiters for country hotel,' s2s. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
JAPANESE for housecleanlng, country hotel,
?20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gtary at.
WANTED— 3 experienced waltera for flrst-claas
family hotel; wagea $32 50: no office fee to
be paid. Apply HANSEN - CO., 104 Geary.
A-MURRAY _ READY.. PHONE, MAIN. 684S
..Leading Employment Labor Agents
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
8 blacksmiths, 2 helpers. 1 wheelwright. $2 50
a day, $35 and found: $60 and found; handy
man with tools for foundry, city, $2 a day;
6 stablemen, city and country
$35, 30, $25 and found
I......!.. MINERS
19 miners » 60. $3 $2 50 day
-MURRAY &. READY. 63.t and 636 Clay st.
A— WE -Pay Your Fares .To Mills Woods
25 laborers (no experience required) $26 and
found- 359 woodchoppers, tie makers, poet
picket makers, $2 60, $2. $1 76 cord, 12c. 10c
MURRAY — READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FARMS ........DAIRIES ....GARDENERS
37 milkers, butter makers. $30, $25 and found:
39 farm, orchard, vineyard hands for Califor-
nia, $26, $25, $20 and found; 16 chor.emen boys.
Head dairyman, country $40 and found
Gardener; boss here; private... ".s2s and found
MURRAY & READY. C3l and 636 Clay at.
A— COOKS WAITERS ..BARTENDERS
H cooks $50, $40, $35. $30, $25 and found
12 waiters ..:.. ...$32 60. $30, $25, $20 and found
Bartender, country hotel.... — $30 and found
Dishwashers, porters, milk wagon drivers....
BAKERS. ETC
2nd baker, $9 week;. 3d baker,*s2S and found;.
3 lroners and washers, country laundry. $30
and found; young man delicacy store, boot-
. MURRAY* & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at,
WANTED— 6 woodmen. $1 25 to $2 day; 10
woodchoppers. 80c, $1 and $2 76 cord: 6 shingle
bolt makers. $1 50 cord; 5 tiemakers, 12c;
tally man, $35 and board: pondman. $26 to
$30 and board; 2 lumber pliers. $26 and board.
j. F. CRO3ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento at.
WANTED— TooI aharpener for mine. $3 60 day;
Scandinavian driver for milk wagon, $30 and
found- harnesß-maker for ranch, $30 ' and
board; helper and finisher on carriage work,
$2 day; machinist for country. $2 50 day;
mines. $2 50 day. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 628
Sacramento at. ¦ ' ' • -
WANTED— Man and wife, private family. $50;
2 young gardeners for greenhouse/ $25 to $30
. and found; 3 milkers. $25 and $27 50; farmem;
boy to learn, blacksmith trade; choreman,
. cooks, waiters and many others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young man as clerk, etc.. In archi-
• teefs office at an institution short distance
in country; references required; salary $40 per
; month. W. D. EWER - CO.. 610 Clay at.
WANTED— Blacksmith for company work, $40
and found; 2 hard rock miners, $45 and board,
¦see boss here; farmers, milkers, laborers,
cooks, waiters and dlahers; waiter, nice
country hotel. , $30, and others. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 gay at. .¦' '
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on 'the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy, 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— FIrst-claas cook for bakery, coffee
and lunch room, to be onened shortly. Ad-
dress box 4374, Call office. »
WANTED— Sober barber; wages $12 and com.;
will pay fare If satisfactory and party. stays.
H. E. JOHNSON, San Luis Obispo, Cal.
WANTED— Steady man. satisfied with . $15 to
• $18 ; per week, to assist in light work; small
capital , required. - 1016 Market at., room 10.
HOTEL barber chop of 2 chairs for sale, cheap;
doing a good - business; - caah :or part cash.
Inquire DECKELMAN BROR. 106 EUla at.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS..— CO.. 24 Sutter st. . ..-. ,
OYSTER and lunch man wanted. "17-19
J Powell at. . : "
FRANK " NEWGIRY. "'
' Call at 1390 Turk at.
BOYS wanted from 10 to 12 years. Box 4352.
• Call _£___________________J___Z
SOLICITORS at $2 per day. Call at 823 First.
- 7:30 to 2:30 p. m. .
WANTED— Barkeeper. NED MEADE, , Lor-
n' bard and Lyon sts.. Presidio.
EXPERIENCED bell boy. Bay State Restau-
rant, 29 Stockton st. ?
GOOD waiter wanted. - 134 Third at.
WANTED— Partner with $50: good easy living
for. two men.^ Box 4267. Call office.
WANTED— Young man, IS to 25, to tend horse.
cow, garden, chores. In Golden Gate; .wages
$10 and«found. Call 4 o'clock," 435 Parrott big.
WANTED^-In I a leading ' fire' Insurance office,
a young man who writes extra well (vertical
• . hand preferred), and who usea the Remington
typewriter and- Is fairly good at stenography;
.wages to commence with' s4o per month. . Ad-
dress 'In : own - handwriting t and ' also In : type,'
'• P/ O.; box 2664, San Francisco.
BARBERS— Good ¦ paying '< shop; a bargain to-
day. DECKELMAN T3ROS. , - 106 . Ellis ; at.
YOUNG butcher .wanted. Call at 344, Thirteenth
St., bet. 1 7 and 8 o'clock In the evening.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
MEN wanted* to learn barber trade In »*•*¦:
day and evening classes; special inducement
Clay st. Branches — San Francisco. New xor*.
St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis. '
MEN and women to appoint agents: $75 mooti:
expenses: steady positions. BUTLER *
ALGER. New Haven. Conn. ¦
WANTED— Laborers and m echai lies J» >«•*
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver • House. 217 Third «t.: ISO larg*
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per weea.
GOOD, steady barber wanted. 797 Mission
street. ¦
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: We
to SOo. 562 Mission at., between lat and 2d sts.
MEN snd women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard at.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth .and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and sailors for England, Africa
and Bteamwhalers at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
FURNISHED rooms. 75c. $1. $1 *5 per week.
METROPOLITAN. Sl4 Fourth st.
500 PAIRS men's ahoes. slightly damaged half
price. 862 Mission at., between let and 2d ats.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO-r,*" 0 '-
neys, Hearat bldg.. Third and Market.
WANTED-100 men to try our 15c £*¦«£/" ;•
dinner or aupper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 >a-
lencla st. -
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.: open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD. fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
CHEAP— Two mares,. 8 years old. 4054 Twenty-
Blxth st. ¦
FOR sale— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 60S G. G. ay.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
XI?E^V~OF~DECKER'S BARGAINS.
62 rooms; fine corner: clears $150 $1800
24 rooms: north of Market; clears $125 — 900
11-room house on Bush st 400
7-room house; only 150
83 rooms; rents $40 1300
24 rooms; easy payments SOO
6-room flat; new ¦ 350
32 rooms; corner; only 1200
' 10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 325
10 rooms,; on Taylor at.; worth $800 450
32 rooms: corner; clears $150 1600
10-room flat: clears $150 500
Corner on Market: clears $400; 104 rooms. 4800
Near Call office; worth $2000; 29 rooms 1200
Mod. house; elev.: clears $500; 84 rooms.. 6500
TELEPHONE JOHN 81.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st_
7 rooms, central, rent $28; N of Market.. 175
10 rooms, in good shape; paying 350
14 rooms; full; north of Market 300
Urooms; full; south of Market 400
23 rooms; clears $ICO a month 1200
54 rooms; clears $300 a month 2500
$1000— LODGING-HOUSE of 18 rooma: nicely
furnished: no better place for transient and
regular trade: nr. CalL M. LESS. 765 Market.
BIG barcaln; 23 rooms, all housekeeping; full
and paying; cheap rent; genuine snap. Pacific
States Realty Co., 855 Market at., room 320.
ROOMING hou&e— 2B rooms and bath; full, with
cteady roomers: cheap; owner leaving city.
420 Sixth st.
A DESIRABLE, large, good-paying transient
house: north of Market: will stand investiga-
tion. Pac. States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott big.
LODGING HOUSES and good HOTELS at
honest prices; money loaned buyers. Rooms
1 and 2. 917 Market at. ¦
$200—11 ROOMS: near Market et. ; all rented;
must sell. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
30-ROOM lodging house In Stockton for sale.
Address S. M. PARSONS, 126 Ellis st. . - ¦
14 WELL furnished rooms; rent $25; no agents.
856 Howard at.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms, for sale;
bargain. 130 Second at. : no agents.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1925, bet. Laguna and Buchanan
—Elegant house of 12 rooms, bath, servant's
room, etc: newly renovated. For further par-
ticulars apply O. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14
Montgomery st.
A M. SPECK _CO.. 667 Market St.
1558 Fell; 7 rms $27 50 2428 Geary: 6 rms. slB 00
2039 Howard: 9 r.. 27 50 4248 26th; 5 rooms. 12 50
6 ROOMS; new cozy home; Greenwich, nr. Bu-
chanan; $25, or will sell; $500 cash, balance
like rent. The McCarthy Co.. 646 Market at.
GOOD five- room, house for $8; healthy location.
1555 Kearney at.
SUNNY 8-room house; decorated; bath: base-
ment: garden: large yard; $22. 229 Bartlett.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
FOR sale— Furniture of 8 housekeeping rooms:
-bargain; nicely furnished ; rent whole house
if desired. 309 Hyde, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
LOANS ON PERSONAL PROPERTY.
LOANS to salaried people: personal security
: only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST Sunday, Feb. 25, on 10:40 train between
San Francisco and San Mateo, a gold net
Jeweled purse. Initials C. E. W. ; finder may
have contents If purse is returned to owner,
2407 Octavla st. •
LOST — Diamond stud at the beach Sunday.
Feb. 11: present from wife now. dead: very
liberal reward; no questions asked. Call 806
Market atreet, 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
LOST— Lewellyn setter bitch; ahlpping tag on
neck, with address of owner, H. AHLERS,
Eighth and Mission. Return for. reward. .
LOST— Monday afternoon, black and white fox
terrier pup; female; name "Beauty." Return
to 602 McAllister at.
LOST— Brown leather purse on Van Ness aye..
bet. O'Farrell and California sts.; ample re-
, ward. 2116 California st. -. ¦¦ - •¦
LOST-»Gold rimmed eyeglasaes, Tuesday; lib-
eral reward. 708 Market at. . - • •
~~ MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physl-
. clan, formerly of 401 Van Ncsa, returned from
. Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In -one
day: 15 years' successful practice In 8. F. ;
. maternity home; low fees. 1007 Vi Market at.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
' ' ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023 Vi Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; home
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice,' $5; any ailment; consultation free. 942
.Post st., between Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. , Dr! KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed - treatment at i office, $5; safe and re-
j liable: consultation free. 1122 Market at., bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. 'DA VIES, 1228 Market; ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles* special-
> Ist; guaranteed treatment at office, $5; safe
; and reliable: consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. JAMES PIERCE, 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1118 Market
st.; every case guaranteed: $5 up. •
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st,
MEDICATED BATHS.
INVALIDS who find no relief from drugging
¦ the ¦ stomach to investigate Dr. Conant's
method of absorption.' which never fails.. Call
or address for booklet. Anldrosls. 47 Post.
office No. 5; gents' baths. 6: ladles parlors. 83.
- MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
¦: INTOSH _ WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st_
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
i hand. J. NOONAN. , 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.*
BARS. ¦ counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission sr,
GASOLINE engines, marine and stationary;
5?l < J5 d ;? &n ' l: all «lzes; .cheap; guaranteed.
NEWELL BROS.. 140 First Bt,
SAFES — New and second for banks.- merchants
Bteamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
apecle cheats, bullion safes, vaults, etc The
Walti Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
FOR Sale or Trade— Edison's moving pictures
machine: 35 good films. 135 Turk. C. TULL.
MISCK_-Ay~OPS — FOR SAL 3.
J GREAT Danes, male and female, Just Un-
ported from Europe; they are good watch
Soct- would suit for a large property. Ad-
drffs' M. SAULAOES. 843 Broadway.
a RTT-rq sells or rents gear machinery, en-
A SS£!bot~r¥. water pl ? e - Bhamn «- »- le »».
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
EDISON concert Vboao^oK »'£?***?£*, *»
$100; concert - c D or(lfl ' *f n^ _BACIQALTJPL
983 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
-v»w rale— Fresh Holsteln family cow; aae
Ninth aye.. Richmond district.
A $75 WORLD bike la rood condition. JJ
O_ge it.. Oakland.
FOR sale cheap. **. c lg 3 % m 'ffi* £* i*loolli * 10011 w
prirate. Inquire at 533 Pacific at.
FOX TERRIER Pips (thoroughbred) for sale;
reasonable. ~tl Sutter st. ¦
RAMBLER tandem: In food condition; new
Urea; will gell cheap. —1 Powell st.
COCKER SDaniel ««W * ™*7?*5»? ld . : fla#
pedigree; reasonable. 732 Devlsadero st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers: plated;
almost new; chtip. 191S Mission St.. near ISth.
DR. OR—ELY'S C P. mange cure: by all drug-
j glsta, or Dog Hospital. 510 43olden date aye.
ICE machine for sale; In good condition; 1 ton;
Apply 416 Shotwell st. '
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission at., near lath.
AVY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 226 Natlcnal aye.. San Diego. Cal.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bur-
glat Proof safe. 6 California st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 830 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants, tl 73; fine suit. $m MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 813 Montgomery it.
BOILURS. engines, drill presses, p!anes.lathea.
iron A wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical suppli**,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— SmaII screw-cutting lathe. 7 or 9
Inch swing, in good condition. Offers with
price at box 4378. Call office.
WANTED— Good 2H H P gasoline engrne;
must be cheap; state price. Box 4275. Call.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market at.
SCRAP iron and machinery bought- Baa Fraa-
cisco Iron Yard. 204 Mission St.
~~~~~ MON— Y TO LOAX.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me; $i)
to $100,000; ( per cent: Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided interests in
estates legacies and mortgages bought; advlc«
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business elae-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
aecond mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
MOST reliable place, to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
MONEY to loan on real estate, notes, bonds,
personal property, lowest rates; write or cail
1 to 2. DEWING. 75 Chronicle building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Exchange, 431
California st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 23 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 69. Donoboe building. 1170 Market st.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal; no commission. R. SI. (Eddy.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 338 Parrott bulld-
lng — Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT 1H per cent per month, on furniture.- 1502
Polk at. OTTO MAX. j
i CASH loaned to aalarted people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market at.
TO. salaried men. without collateral or indorser:
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Wscount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
__ ____________
CAN give good security for loaa of $2000. Box
2714. Cal! office. Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
SHEET MUSIC
Half Price to All
At
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
Corner Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Largest Stock In the Entire West.
* _____
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Cnicago Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. .•
ALL Sheet Music sold at half the marked price
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
GOOD square. $50; -upright. $150; great bar-
gains at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
THE best music box in the world is the Olym-
pia; sold on Installments or for cash at
MAUVAIS*. 769 Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos: prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 824 Post st.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
Warerooms. 1813 Market at.
DON'T buy; rent a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st_
WANTED— Four good square pianos at Byron
Mauzy's piano warerooms, 30S Post st.
BELL for storage— 2 uprights. $75; very fine
Stelnway. $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Marktt.
W. O. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett — Davis pianos.
FINE Fischer — Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st_
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 1«
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOH violins, zith— « old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET.
NICE aunny corner suite; occupied last 10
years by doctor; modern improvements. _ ,4S
Butter st.
SMALL, part furnished, office to right parties.
646 Market st. :
LOFT 25x80: plenty of light; power available.
655 Mission st., opp. Wells. Fargo Express.
$20— STORE; 2 show windows and 5 larg«
rooms: adapted to any business. 422 Sixth at.
PAL3IISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads Ito 8. 616 Geary, nr., Jones.
"WATSON, palmist and medium, formerly 13C*
Valencia, now 1581 Market at.
PERSONALS. ~
WANTED— Acquaintance " "of well-mannered
young woman about 18 or 20 years, with about
$500, by young man 20 years old; object matrt-
mony. PETER VIDOVICH. 754 Folsom st.
BELLE— OUDRY ~
''¦' " ¦¦"-- -¦ . IS NOT A LADY.
B-S-S-STAMMERINO positively cured w
m . on^^ efunded - "~rl*.e tor particulars.
WATSON. 1581 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates: 10
years experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st_
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Is fast superseding all
Hair Tonics: 35c bot.: Lederer's Foamo Sham-
poo cannot be beat, 5c pgk. 123 Stockton st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought and
sold. Bllverman. 98« Folsom; teL Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts. leather
coats. H. M. HEINE MAN, 109 ftn— " — - •«-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1900.
10mcavoy <t;co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
1235 Market st., between 'Bth and 9th. f
.: Telephone : South 247. ~ : ¦:
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
$1000-FINE 20-aere ranch; level garden land,
rood hou*e; barn full of hay; fine horse.
u£gy" 100 chickens and farming tools, etc.;
I are Mo: half mile to station.
SSOO-Fine. highly improved. }2»-acre farm;
tfo^dlTroom house and outbuildings; all In
Kraln: fare 60c; cheap at $5000.
™000-3£-acre place; fi acres faring trees
and vines; twlldlngs, spring; fine timber;
worth $2000: sold on account of death.
t3oo— 4i* arres. Improved Place at depot.
Sant^Cruz Mountains: a beautiful resort;
"TlSO^-Nlce 10-acre home, on R. R.; nice land;
some oak trees; payable $10 a menth.
WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 Market st.
COO ACRES In Stanislaus County, near rail-
road: water; crowing crops: under fence and
all other improvements. For partlcu.ars ad-
dres* or call W. P. CROW. 1334 Poik. city.
J. W. HORN. 812 Main »t.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares, bena
tor free list of Bonom* County bargains. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post «t.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 57U.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800— LOT 42x150; Morton-st. station.
$l£oo— Modern 6- room cottage; Broadway,
near Central aye.; easy terms; $100 down, $20
monthly; convenient, to train and schools; this
*$3COO-^B-room modern cottage ;" large lot 42x150;
stable; Morton-st. station. -
$3joo— New modern • 7-room cottage; Grand st.,
near Alameda . aye.; easy Installments; larg»
lot> Barea"lns in all parts of Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA' LAND COMPANY.
• '•'. - 1500 Park st.;" Alameda; .
COXFAQNH GENERALE TBAHSATLASTIQTnL
DIRECT LINF to HAVRE-PARI3
Sailing r»try Thursday Instead of <*in^
Saturday, from November 2. 1839. at - ir ~.~'~T = ~ t
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot o£
Morton St.: LA TOURAINE. March 1: LA
rRETAGNE. March 8; L'AQUITAINE. March
15- LA CHAMPAGNE. March 23. First class to
Havre. $S0 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. $45: » per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York! J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agent*. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
$22.&00— G00D business property; make offer;
income $130 month. Owner, box 427 L Call/
TO exchange— Building plans for vacant lot or
Jr>u*e rent. Ad. Architect. P. O. Station H.
fEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency,l4S Cth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exrhanred. rented: rs-
palrlnr at lowest rate*. 205 Fnurth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents. The Weekly Call.
It pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market »t.— Bulte cf I or $
rmr-; private: bath: siß. rms.: board optional.
A BARGAIN
ON BUTTER ST... NEAR POLK-
Fine three-story building with store below.
Rents $70.
PRICE HAS BEEN REDUCED.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS.
Real Estate Agents,
t Montgomery SU
ROOMS AM> DOARD.
AMERICAN LINE.
KXW TOar. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHDO9. P1313.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
F»m New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Friesland Feb. 2$ Kensington ...March 21
New York March '> New York March 2$
SU Paul March 14 St. Paul April «
RED STAR LINE.
New York, aod Antwer?.
From New York every Wednesday. II noon.
Frlesland Feb. 2?[ Kensington ...March It
Southwark ...March 7 Noordland ....March 2*
Westernland ..March 14j Frlesland April 4
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St flllcrjael. Dawjon City.
For full Information regarding freight and
• passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
JO Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHI,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calUax at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, ."larch 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday, March 31
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 2S
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
4S Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE 8t CO.,
Sit Market «t.
INVESTMENTS
PAYINO 810 INTEREST, AND EVERY
FLAT RENTED. . .
ni.OOO— Pays 10 per cent— t modern flats:, on
larre lot; 2 frontages; Pine St., near
Fillmore.
$13. COO— Pays 11 per cent; 3 elegant modern flats.
7 and 6 room* and bath; Eddy st.. near
Buchanan.
$10,259— Pays 84 per cent; 4 flats, 2 on Hayes st.
and 2 on rear street, near Laguna.
$CSoO— Paye 10 per cent; 2 elegant modern flats;
7 and 5 rooms and bath: on Scott St.; or
will trade for city property.
$5000— Pays 8 per cent ; 2 fiats, 5 and 6 rooms and '
bath; on ' Leaven worth et_, walking die-
tance of Kearny and Market.
$4750 — Pays 11 per cent; 2 fine corner flats, 6
rooms and bath; on Steiner lit.
$4500— Pars » per cent; 2 Cats, b rooms and bath;
on )'.uth St., near Lyon.
JlB.ooo— Pays 9 per csnt; on Howard st, near
Fourth: large rooming house and stores.
$S7Bo— Paye 13 per cent; 10 flats, near Sixth and
Mission sts.; In good condition.
$C2so— Pays 12 ptr cent; S flats, 5 and 4 rooms;
•on. Moss su, near Howard.
$000— Pays 11 per c«nt: 4 nice flats of • and. 4
rooms: on Harrison et.. near Fourth.
$4000— Paye 124 per cent: half block from new
Postoffice; 3 flats, 4 and 5 rooms.
$4000— Pays 14 p*r cent: « flats of 4 and 5 rooms;
near Sixth and Folsom Bts.
$4750 — Paye 14 per cent; 3 elegant modern flats of
6. 6 and 7 rooms and bath; porcelain bath,
tile mantels, etc; large lot; near Seven-
teenth and Market sts.; and don't forget—
ALL RENTED.
$1330 — Payn 11 t<er cent: 3 modern flats. 5 rooms
and bath; near Twenty-third and Ho. ward.
$4000— Pays *Vt per oent: 2 flats, 4 and 6 rooms
and bath; near Valencia and Fourteenth.
RESIDENCES.
$7500— Lanre. elegant modern residence, 11 room*
and bath, attic, basement, stable; on Pine
et., near Pierce, eunny side street; large
lot. 42:4x1!7:C; jcooo bank mortgage can
remain.
$J2oo— N. E. corner on Pine st.; house 8 rooms
aad bath: lot 27:6x110 feet.
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
*1500— Large let. 20x117 :« feet to rear street: on
beet block on Dolores st., a few feet from
Twenty-second-rtreet cars.
$1150— Fine building lots; 15 minutes* ride from
Market r.nd Kearny ets.; electric cars
po&s property; street bltumlnlzed; will
tnhJte terms to suit or build to suit pur-
chasers.
SEND FOR ONE OF
Our Catalogues of PROBATE, PARTITION
AND FORECLOSURE SALES of properties
AT AUCTION— TO HIGHEST BIDDER.
TUESDAY, MARCH 6. 1&00. .:.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. ~ rr
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. . -
$6550— Octavia st.. near Broadway; two-story
residence of I rooms aad bath; lot 25x137:6;
rents $45.
BUSINESS CORNERS. AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom St.. Treat
»v*., 12th and 14th sts.. being offered In sjd-
ClvislonE; cail at office and get diagrams; $1200
arid upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$70.000— Close to Third and Howard sts.; part-
ly Improved: will pay 6 per cent net; large
lot, 134:6xie5: double frontage. . ..-
. Aar Offer wanted.
(3259— Ritch St.; S flats; rents $42 66; lot 22x89.
$^500— Tehama. st.. near Third; S tenements;
rents JT£; lot EOxSO.
P.ESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$7500 each— Facing Jefferson square on Laguna
rt.; epecial effertag of several choice residences;
Set diagram and* particular; at office.
CORNER LOT.
$5000— Van. ;••** ay*.; corner; 22:6x109.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
PARALYSIS;
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES:
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENI-AUGEMENTS;
„ RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
SCROFULA, ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES,
CONSUMPTION.
OLt>-STANr>INO CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all others have failed.
NO DRUGS' rNO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment. - - .
Write for references. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. 6TRATTON. W,. 108 and 609. Par-
rctt building. (Over the Emporium.)
1)R ~?- £• O" BONN ELL-Of fire and residence.
!"2m Market st.. het. Sixth and Seventh.
I'HYSICIAXS AAD SLUGBONS.
OAKUM) FURNITURB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. ScneUhaas. the
furmltur* cealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
GOUGH. Ill— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room, with or' without board; terms rea-
sonable.
a— A— ELECTRIC manage treatment removes
wrinkles; free this week: I guarantee to per-
manentry remove F uperflucus hair by eleo-
trclysi*. MISS ISADORE BARRETT. Der-
rr.atoiocltt. 1207 Market st.. opp. City HalL
A FINE cult to crder $10 <5 or pants $3 76; our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell
f, h ,-ff r _^ th * n "ady made. L. LEMOS.
J i' Hi 1 ** 1 •*•• bet - Tth and fth, prop. One-
rrtct Tailcrtne .Co. SZ3 Kearny. near Sacto.;
also 164« Market et.. under St. Nicholas..
L H?£ UEn v P ot '* for the poUte manner In
which every desire of the cunomer Is carried
out: neat parlors; careful attendants; halr-
dresßlng, Jsc. 123 Stockton Et.
OLR spring goods are arriving; call nnd see
our Wue serce $1S ladies' tailor-made suits
at $1 ocr week. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1308
Stockton tt.. near Broadway; ot>en evenings
Sixth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: free handicap.
471 Mamie G......... 85 835 Frank Bell .US
(746)Andrisa ;...110 (835) Loving Cup 115
721 The Fretter.....lOs 835 Ollnthus ........10S
S2l'Ben Ledl ICS 835 Headwater 10*
574 Decoy :.... 98 771 Afamada' 119
Selections for To-Bay.
First race— Formatus, Coming Event, Tekla.
Second race — Twlnkler, Ulm, Ace.
Third race-^orn Cake, , Laura Marie, Com
bermere. ifflf^"!
"Fourth race-^David Tenny, Dr. Sheppard,
Ventoro.-
Fifth race— Ailenna, Tirade. Perseus.
Sixth race— Andrlsa, Headwater.- . Afamada.
BURNS HANDICAP.
List of Probable Starters for the Bich
- Prize, With Jockeys Who Will
Be Seen in the Saddle.
The great $10,000 Burns handicap, at one
and a quarter miles, to be decided on Sat
urday next. Is now the all-absorbing topic
of conversation among horsemen, not
only in this State but in the Eastern
States as well. Its rich value each year
calls out the best horses in training, until
it is now recognized as one of the classic
events of the American turf. This year
the field promises to be the largest since
the Inception of the stake, for from the
present outlook thirteen and probably six
teen horses will go to the post.
When the horses are summoned the en
semble will be about as follows: .
David Tenny (Thorpe) 103
•Pat Morrissey (J. Ranch) JO2
Roslnante (Bullman) 103
Rosormonde (Jenkins)..... H'
Dr. Sheppard (Piggott) 120
Advance Guard (Spencer) 1"
F. W. Brode (T. Burns) 113
•Arbaces ( ) , Va
Malay (E. Ross) 107
Formero (Henry) • 102
Topmast (J. Martin) 108
Ollnthus /H. Shields) 105
•Erwin (Powell) 100
•Dr. Nembula (Jones) 10*
Monrovia (T. Walsh) M
Constellator (Fauntleroy) S3
* Doubtful starters.
WANTED— OId cold for manuf*g. O. NOLTE
jeweler. S4B O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Masoa!
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J WHITE-
HQRN. A.M.. Ph.D.. Ul5 Unden. Oakland.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
FOR rale, cheap— New 2-story houses, 7 rooms:
latest improvements: No* and Hill sts.; sear
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
$55*>-BRODERICK St., near Fulton; t flats;
fine 3-Ktory bay-window building; bank mort-
gage $.W0: forced rale; 25x]'W; real bargain.
L. OnSTKRREICHEK. 117 Sutter st.
IF you have lots in Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call on W. J. GUNN. 6JO C&llf ornla st.
WANTED known— Mß. LEW H. SCHARER,
late of 22 Mason St.. has removed to Call
building, tenth floor, where he will continue
to give bargains in watches, diamonds, jew-
elry, silverware, firearms and optical goods;
cash or time payments. Office hours— lo. to 6.
ROOMS papered, from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
416 Montgomery ct.. rooms 9-10: tel. SE29.
faMWMfS The S. S. Australia
JQl'ysiiJC "»» f °r Honolulu
irmiMl Wednesday. March 7.
a ™ 1900. at 2 p. m.
CvS — L* A Th « s - s - Marlpos*
J^flNlin e) «alls via Honolulu and
O*5S "^ "V. Auckland for Sydney
{Ofi]o3Ry- Wednesday. March a.
vwhi^vih.^ at Ip. m.
Favorite. line arotmd the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Sue*.
England, etc. : $610 first class.
i. 0. &rn£CHELS & 3*0a.C0.. -gts.. 514 Montqomerf
Pier 7 Post Pacific St Freight 051ce.327 Market St
MODERN flats-KSOO: c* o^ l "*, B^ •,rg om .!
each- highly decorated and finished with all
Coders T conveniences: «21 Waller St.. on.
blork from Haight aad Pierce; easy terms.
F. NELSON. Builder. - '
VAN NESS, »44 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board; reasonable; modern conveniences.
CHARMINO summer home. Oakland; board
and room; private family of four; suitable
rates. Box 4262. Call office.
A— HOTEL LA NORMANDIE. 328 Eddy; sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table and service; hot water in every
room; telephone Sutter 147 L
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
Cream of Park Lots.
On very e*#y payments; choice lots In the
block recently mibdlvided. bounded by H and I
ru .," Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes. ; right on
the Park and the new Nlnteenth aye. boule-
vard- most of the lots already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly; fine Investments; good
buUdlcr lot*: all ready: lots on official grade;
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank eide-
walks; « per e*nt Interest only.
EEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDDNO— YOUR
Moeey advaaoed for building purposes; elec-
tric cars pass the property: see this block at
cnoe- ro to our branch office to-day, cor. H
st. and Ninth aye.; price lists, etc. there or at
our office. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John C and Annie Sullivan to Rebecca E.
HooDer lot on W line of Octavia street. 75 S
of Green. S 25. WP? HLH L N 25..E 125:0 5-11;
MiHler to Minnie Bantel, lot on N line
of Bußh T street, : 206:3 _W of Flllmore, W 25 by
Susannah' M. Blumenberg to Joun'Joost, lot
on W line of Eteiner street. 100 S of Ellis, S 50
% IfnOT : GlOandG 1O and Andrew N. Altken to Mar-
Karet Morton, lot on SW line of Seventh street,
1W SE of Fo som. SE 25 by SW 80; $10.
Klrkham Wright to Millie L. Wright, lot on
E line of Scott street. 120 N of Pacific, N 7:8%
• b3 Jan>M'Dunn to Mary L Dunn, lot on SE cor
ner of Lloyd and Devisadero streets. S 35:10%
Emma Tyson to L. C. Matsen • (trustee for
Ohmle Tvson) lot on SE corner of Sacramento
street and Central avenue. 8 82:7H by E 100
Dennis* Sweeney' to Catherine Shannon lot on
NW line of Natorna street. 165 SW of Eleventh.
SW 25 by NW 80; gift.
Mary J or Mary Mulllns (formerly O'Day)
in Cannar Muller, lot on SE line of Harrison
street. 100, SW from W line of Ninth. W 25 by
8 70' $2000. jfIfIBMMBPVfTMMpi
Western Loan Association to John Landsburg,
lot on E line of No* street. 88 S of M (Alva
rado) S26by E 101:10: $10. ;
Natale Feroglart to Mariano Tortortci. lot
commencing 117:6 from NW corner of Green
street and Barman place. N 20 by W 68:9; $1500.
Union Trust Company (corporation) to George
T Pavne lot on SE line of Howard street, be
tween SpVar and Main. 45:10 by 137:6, lot 739,
beach and water; $1500.
San FrancUco Ladies' Protection and , Relief
Society (corporation) . to Catherine Callahan, lot
on SW line of Sixth street, 30 SE of Minna, SE
B0 by SW 75 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Samuel Davis to David R. and Anna M.
Campbell, lot on N line of Nevada street, 25
W of Rhode Island. W 25 by N-100; $10.
Charles H. Hartmann to M. Staehll. lot on N
line of Point Lobos avenue, 132:6 W of First,
N 100 by W 100 (quitclaim deed); $501.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Abbie L. Patrl
arche ' lot on E line of Forty-seventh • avenue,
200 S of I street, 8 25 by E 120; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Henry
Colombat, lot 25. : plat 7, Omega section of Odd
Fellows' Cemetery : $245.
Alameda County.
J 8 and Annie N." Johnson to Home Security
Building and Loan Association, iot on W line
of Ellis street. 263.4 N ot Prince, N 37.8 by W
120, being a portion of lot 84 on map of Regent
street Homestead Association, Berkeley; $10.
J. F. and Florence Kelly to same, same; $10.
Rosa M. Shattuck tc. Andrew 8. Graham, lot
on E line of ' Grove street, 95 S¦ of Addlson, S
40. E . 134.53 N 40, W 130 to beginning, being
portions of lots I,' 2 and 3 on subdivision of map
of block. 1, Shattuck Tract, Berkeley: $10.
John F. and Annie L. Kelly to James D.
Waterman, lot <on northwest corner of •¦ Chan
nlng way and Shattuck avenue. N 60 by W 105,
being a portion. of lot 5, block 2, Barker Tract,
Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $3000.- - TSAMBpMBHP I
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to Theresa Clausel,
lot on SW line of Blandlng avenue. 320:6H SE
of Everett street, SE 22:6 by SW 150, being the
SW half ; of- lot 2, block 4, Jenks ; and Mead
Homestead Tract, Alameda; $10. -^ftMMfeMMi
Emllle A. Bertsch (wife of William H., for
merly Emllie A; Tripler) and Charles 8; Trip
ler Jr. (by Emllle A. Tripler. attorney) to
Michael O'Donnell, ¦ lot on * E corner, of : East
Twenty-second street and Tenth avenue. NE bO
by SE 190,' block 138. Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
Harvey P. Travers to Christian C. and Anna
C. Hill, lot on E line of Ettlu street, 350 N of
B N 60 by E 133. being subdivisions of C and
D of lot 4, block 797, Watts Tract Map 2, Oak
land; $io. IBBUUBbBBA
A BRANCH office, for the recen/lon of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
THE CALL'S RAGING CHART.
Policemen "On the Carpet."
The Police Commissioners met last
night and dismissed the charge of fall-
Ing to aslst a fellow officer preferred
against Patrolman James Norton. Spe
cial Officer Deasy, • charged with assault-
Ing a . citizen named James Wood, with
whom he had trouble, was also acquitted.
Special Officer Dennfs Murphy was laid
off for thirty days for imbibing too freely.
He promised the Commissioners that he
would never drink again. The charge of
failing to properly patrol his beat, made
against Policeman Hemenez, was dis
missed. *QBttM^BM!
The Commissioners will hold another
meeting at 4 o'clock this afternoon, at
which time. It is '. understood, . they will
reorganize the detective department.
Bogan Given the Decision.
MEMPHIS, Feb. 27.— Fred Bogan of
San Francisco was awarded the decision
over Tom Cooney of Boston at the Audi
torium this afternoon in the nineteenth
round. Both men were on their feet and
fighting furiously when a dispute arose
among the timekeepers, resulting in such
a disturbance that the police stopped the
bout. The referee save a decision for
Bogan. ¦
LEAVENWORTH. 1521— Two lartre sunny
rooms with yard: rent $7.
Brannan. James
Behlmer. Herrman F.
Bird Minerva M.
Bettis. Otis J.
Black. Jennie
Bonacina. Joseph F.
Dentler, Mrs. Alice
Fweney, John P.
Fleury, Sophie J.
Higgins, Capt. J. F.
Hollub. Susannah
Jerg, Herman P.
Johnson, Frederick
Korbel, Joseph
Koch, William G.
Lewis, Almira M. -
BRA VNAN— In this city, February 2«, 1900,
James, dearly beloved husband of the late
Brid-et Brannan. and father of Lawrence
Brannan. Mrs. Marnaret Ryan. Mrs. Cath-
erine Balne and Mary Anne Brannan. a na-
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 75
years (Boston papers please copy.)
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 11 Shipley street (formerly Louisa),
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, • commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BEHLMER-In this city. February 25. 1900,
Herrman F.. dearly beloved and only child
of Herrman and Johanna Behlmer. a native
of San Francisco, aeed 1 year and 25 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1210 Broadway, near Leaven-
worth street. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
BIRD— In this city. February 27. 1900, Minerva
Mac beloved daughter of Frank A. and the
late' Lena Bell Bird, a native of California,
aged 16 years 1 month and 26 days.
¦ ETFrtendF- and acquaintances are respect-
fully -invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at fl> o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden. Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. -2425 -' Mission street, near Twenty-nnrt.
Interment Cypress Lawn . Cemetery by car-
riage. ¦
BETTIS— In Berkeley, February Zl, 1900, Otla
John husband of Fannie C. Bettis, and father
of Dr H S Bettis and Mary Louise Bettis.
a native of New York State, aged 73 years
1 month and 23 days.
BLACK— In the City and County Hospital,
February 27, 1900, Jennie Black, a native of
California, aged 28 years.
BONACINA— In this city, February 27. 1900,
Joseph F., eldest son of J. M. Bonacina, a
native of Charleston, Mass.
DENTLER— In this city. February 27, 1900,
Mrs Alice Dentler, a native of County Fer-
managh, Ireland, aged 68 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at. 2 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral. Interment private. Remains at
X. W. Martin 1 * Co., undertakers, 118 Geary
street.
FLEURY— In this city. February 26, 1900.
Sophie J.. beloved' wife of Adolph Fleury,
and mother of the late Emlle Or. Coret. a
native of France, aged 76 years and 4 months.
j^rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday) at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halstead & Co.. 946 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FWENEY— In this city, February 17, 1900, John
P , beloved son of Patrick and Cecelia
Fweney, and brother of Cecelia, Joseph,
James and the late Stephen and Mary
Fweney. a native of San Francisco, axed 10
years 10 months and 17 days.
IC7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
HOLLUB— In this city, February 26, 1900, Su-
sannah Hollub. mother of Mrs. J. Strauss and
Samuel. Charles. David. Lltlle, Minnie, Ad-
dle and Mabel Hollub. a native of Philadel-
phia Pa., aged 63 years and 4 months.
ICXFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from her late residence, 2012 Pine
ftrett. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Towns-
end streets. . ;
HIGGINS— In Berkeley, February 26, 1900. Cap-
tain James Franklin Hlggins, beloved hus-
band of Emma I. Hlggins. and father of
Augustus D., Chester B. - and Marietta S.
Hlrrins, a native. of Westfleld, Mass..' aged
63 years 7 months and 25 days. (Boston,
Mass.. papers please copy.)
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, corner of San Pablo avenue
and Daloway street. West Berkeley, under
the auspices of Dunant Lodge No. 268. F.
and A. M. Interment Mountain .View Ceme-
tery.
JERG— In this city. February 26, 1900. Herman
P., dearly beloved son of John and Caroline
Jerg. and beloved brother of Rosle and Jo-
• ueph L. Jerg, a native of Aalen, Wurtemberg,
Germany, aged 22 years 3 months and 12 days.
A member of St. Joseph's Society, St. An-
thony's parish, and late member of Company
L First Regiment, California. United States
Volunteer Infantry. (Syracuse, N. V., papers
please copy.)
tT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1119.H Alabama street,
between Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth,
thence to Bt. Anthony's Church, corner of
Folsom and Army streets, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for. the
Lavery, Joseph G.
Leahy. Mary
McEillgott. Mary
McGuire, Mary
O'Connor. J. M.
O'Malley,. Edward
Pulyerman, Morlta
Reichsrath,, Peter
Ragan, Denis
Reedy, Mrs. Eliza D.
Rockwood, Laura A.
Topp. Viola
Toomy, William H.
Wallace. Margaret
Walsh, Patrick F.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadwar
h^ wharf. San Francisco:
IIW For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.
UHF^S^Jh. Feb. 5. 10. 15. i! 0. 20; Mir. i
I *tir^Sr"T - Change to company's steamers
KKl >3KvJrt at Seattle.
R&£2§3 VIM For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Fja3»ks2ir*>\ 1 <~ ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
>*«B^i\ 4 H\ Tacoma. Everett. AnacortM
' j-'¦j -'¦ V and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. Feb. 5. 10. 15, 20. 25,
Mar. 2. and every fifth day thereafter; chang*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for A as-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. . at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry- _•"'-'• — w.x
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. to.. Feb.
J. 8. IST IS. ». M. Mar. 6. and every flfth day
th For* Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucosf Poit Harford <San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Panta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pearo.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Ne . w Port' »
a, m.. Feb. 4 8. 12. 18. 20. 24. 23, Mar. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter. «-_# <
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfora
(San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 .a. m^
Feb. 2. «. 10. 14. 18.- 22, 26. Mar. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter. •
Fcr Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Fai. Santa Rosa"*
and Guaymas (Mm.), 10 a, m.. Mar. 8, and 7tii
of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company**
The" company reserves the right to changw
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery,
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Mitchell Rides Four Winners.
NEW ORLEANS,. Feb. 27.— The feature
of the racing to-day was Mitchell's rld
lngr. He piloted four winners and one sec
ond. The track was fast. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Tobe Paine won. Ber
tha Nell second. Tyran third. Time. 1:28.
One mile, selling— Grace Phillips won, Allie
Haley second. Matt Simpson third. Time.
Mile and seven-eighths, selling— Julius Caesar
won, Banquo II second, Pat Garrett third.
Time, 3:19.
Handicap, six furlongs — Gold dOr won, An
des second, Maggie Davis ! third. - Time. 1 :13 s ;.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Elsmore
won, Northumberland second. Jennie F. third.
Time, 1:49)4.
Six and one-half furlongs, selling—Trouba
llne won, Lovable second, Fleuron third. Time,
1:2114.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
W. E. LANE, phone Mala 215. 603 California
St.; everybody's clumber.
PLIMBEnS.
OLYMPICS WIN AGAIN
AT INDOOR BASEBALL
Defeat Beliance Athletic Club Team
by One Bun in an Exciting
Contest.
The- Indoor baseball teams representing
Olympic and Reliance clubs met In a
championship contest last night In the
Olympic Club gymnasium. The Olympics
won by one run, after being apparently
hopelessly out of it In the fourth Inning,
when the score was 9 to 4 against them.
They took a brace after this and scored
eight runs to Reliance's, two. The game
was replete with incident, the features
being two home runs by Captain James
of the Olympics and one by Freeman of
the Reliance Club. The teams lined up:
Olympics— Stock, left short; Durham,
right field; James, catcher; Morton, sec
ond base; Gimmel. right short; McNevins,
left field; Butz. pitcher; Pray, third base;
Monahan, flrat base.
• Reliance— Lefevre, third base; Audif
fred, right short; Freeman, second base;
"Wynnes, first base; "White, center field;
Dieckmann, left short; Rosenhelm.
pitcher; Brockhage, catcher; Agnew, left
held.
EOUTH PARK, 184— Two eunny front rooms;
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
OAK. Ill— Parlor floor and kitchen; pleasant,
sunny rooms; reasonable.
NOE, 153—$ or 4 sunny front rooms; modern
lower fiat; gas stove; $15.
MARKET. 1655. opposite Tenth— Comfortable
furnished bedroom and kitchen. $7.
MARKET. . 102S-2 rooms, partly furnished;
light housekeeping; $6 per month.
COLEMAX buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
carrets. old geld: eend for him. SO6 Kearny]
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 723 Market st.
:F tou wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ir.g call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel. Black 1423.
KEARNY. near Sutter— A light front room, $6;
gas free; also housekeeping; room, O'Farrell.
opp. Orrheum. $3 month. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HYDE, 408— Elegant sunny front parlor suite;
complete for housekeeping; also single, $7. .
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to Hit Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tlspments snd subscriptions received.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third *t.. near Market: 100 rooms-
lie to $1 50 per night; Jl W to $6 per week;
iree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like made from her
wonderfully pl:icd hands. 1343 Howard et.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— s7; 2 large, sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water. '
FULTON, 121H— 3 Sunny front furnished or un-
furnished rooms; range; water; yard; back
of flat; $11 to JIB.
EDDY. 917— Connecting housekeeping rooms;
furnished; splendid location; private . resi-
dence. ". - ;'
CASTRO, 811 — 2 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; rent 34 £0.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND " ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA, 2123— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable;
references exchanged. ¦
CASTRO. 42». near 17th and Market— 2 house-
keeplng rooms; stable if desired; cheap.'
SOFALA EARNS
ANOTHER PAIR
OF BRACKETS
Fleet Filly Seems Unbeatable
in the Two- Year-Old
Sorambles.
Three Choices Successful at Oakland.
Mary Kinsella Let the Talent
Fall With a Heal Dull
Thud.
Bookmaker Barney Schrelber's cheerful
running filly Sof ala celebrated her
seventh victory In the two-year-old dash
at Oakland yesterday. She met Count
Hubert,' Aphrodls and three green 'uns in
Modder, Madrina and Spindle, beating
them as if It were a pleasure instead of a
duty. Not much better than 9to 20 could
be had about the fast young miss, which
price seemed acceptable. Count Hubert
outsprinted her the first .part of It, but
could not hold out, falling short' a couple
of length at the wire, while the winner
was just beginning to catch the breeze.
Modder, a Candelmas colt, from the Jen
nings stable, heavily played for the show,
had his colors lowered for that position
by Aphrodls. .
'Louis. Ezell's fllly, Loch Katrine,
slipped Into the opening event under very
favorable conditions -and at odds of 3 to
5 won very easily. Henry landed Glenn
Ann In the place, a length before'Pongo.
"A cheap bunch started in the . third
number, with Romany closing a slight
favorite over Strongoli. Almoner, ridden
by Jenkins, led to within a few yards of
the wire, where Ruiz brought Strongoli
up, winning by a neck. Croker lost the
show to TallßC by a head.
One of the most costly upsets experi
enced by the talent was the overthrow of
the 9 to 20 favorite Mary Kinsella by Rio
Chico in the mile and a furlong run. Billy
Magrane's mare, with Bullman up, was
looked upon as a moral and when Rio
Chico. went out and led from start to
finish it was a hard morsel to digest.
There were but four starters, with None
Such taking the show from Tewanda.
John Bullman did not greatly distin
guish himself by his ride on Mortgage in
the fifth number, a six-furlong sprint.
The mare went to the post a slight fa
vorite over Vesuvian, with the educated
coin all on the latter. After a long delay
Spencer on Vesuvian got a flying start
and without effort led out Bessie Lee a
length. Mortgage blew In from the far
rear when the performance was about
over, 'capturing third money.
In the final mile and a sixteenth run
Toribio, the favorite, made a runaway
race of It, heating Perseus two lengths
at the •¦wire -"in 1:46^. Tappan finished
third.
TRACK NOTES.
The attention of horsemen Is again
called to the fact that Harlem and Lake
side stake events close March 1. The
Saratoga Racing-Association's stakes also
close on the same date.
While being galloped on the track by a
forty-pound exercise boy yesterday morn
ing, Reolia became playful and ran away
ovt six miles with the little fellow. ¦
McAuliffe, who had the mount on True
Blue, is an* Australian Jockey who was
seen in the saddle here when racing held
sway at the old Bay District track. It
was his first mount since returning >to
this country.
To-Day's Entries.
First race—One mile: three-year-olds; selling.
819 Aborigine 109 460 Bohardine, 104
790 Burdock 109 820 Tekla i<tt
839 Coming Event...lo2 808 Sam DannebaumlOS
. 846 Formatus .......104
'Second rage—One mil«; selling; four-year-olds
and upward.*
821 Scintillate ..;...119i 836 Musculado 121
745 Be Happy 119 745 Ace 11l
825 Uterp 104 832 Croker 11*
725 Adam Andrew.,ll4 535 Ulm 106
785 Hohenlohe 124 ... Twlnkler 121
Third race—Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling.
844 Combermere ..,.107, 833 Screenwell L....106
696 Gladla 10S 833 Countess Clara..lO2
833 Floranthe 102 738 Rollick 103
833 Cushion 104 ... Loneliness 110
(743) Laura Marie....lll (844) Corn Cake .:....108
732 Tlollta 9S 1 826 On Time 104
¦ Fourth race—One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
Arbaces ...109 (S43)Formero 109
721 Lothian 106 657 Ventoro 106
654 Forte 11l 837 Dr. Sheppard...ll4
768 David Tenny.... 114 (719)Erwin 94
Fifth race—One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward; selling. • ¦
834 Alleviate ........109 846 Socialist 116
722 Tirade • 114 787 Vlnctora :99
742 Twinkle Twlnk.,lo9 812 Bishop Reed 119
744 Ailenna 9i 855 Perseus ...118
761 Sylvan Lass 104 827 Caatake .........lIS
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
repose of his soul, commencing at 8:45 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEMBERS of Company L, First - Calif ornla,
U. S.V., are requested to attend the funeral
¦of our late comrade, Herman P. 1 . Jerg.' As-
semble at armory at 8 o'clock sharp, fatigue
uniform. J. F. EGGERT, . Ex-Captain.
JOHNSON— In this city, at the Potrero, Febru-
ary 27, 1300, Frederick, beloved son of Andrew
and Jane Johnson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 23 days. . ? ¦ . •
KORBEI>-In this city, February 25, ; 1900, Jo-
' seph Korbel, a member of the firm of F. Kor-
bel & Bro., a native of . Bohemia, aged 55
years 11 months and 11 days.-.-
E7 Services this day (Wednesday), at 11
o'clock, at the residence, 723 Bryant street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KOCH— In this city, February 25, 1900. William
G beloved husband of the late Magdellna
Koch. and father of Ada, William F., Henry
A. Charles O. and Walter Koch, a native of
Hamburg. Germany, aged E4 years 10 months
and 13 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemttery.
LEAHY— In 'Agnews, Santa Clara County, Feb-
ruary 25. 1900. Mary, beloved wife of John
Leahy, and mother of . Mrs. Joseph Harvey,
and sister of Michael and John Monahan, a
native of Ireland, aged 60 years. : .
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clock from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, : thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass wlll.be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, . com-
mencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ,
LAVERY— In this city, February 26, 1900, Jo-
seph G. Lavery, a native of Buffalo, N. V.,
aged 63 years.
B-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
"Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge No. 166,
F. and A. M. Interment private.
LEWIS— In Fruit vale. February 27, 1900, Almlra
M , beloved wife of William A. Lewis, and
mother of Mrs. A. M. Beale Urban. Walter
S. and Charles Lewis, a native of New York,
aged 67 years.
McELLIGOTT— In this city. February £6, 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of James McElllgott. and
dearly beloved mother of Mary and • Gerald
McEUigott. a native of the parish of Duagh,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 52 years. -
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for ser-
vices at 2 o'clock. Interment Calvary Ceme-
tery.
McGUIRE— In this city. February 27, 1900.
Mary beloved daughter of Frank J. and Mag-
gie E McGuire, a native of San Francisco,
• aged 2 months and 20 days.
O'CONNOR— In this city, February 27, 1900,
Jeremiah M. O'Connor, brother of Nellie
O'Connor, a native of Tarbert, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 27 years.
utyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Thursday) at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'MALLEY— In this city, February 27, 1900,
Edward beloved Infant son of Mary and the
lat- James O'Malley, and brother of Patrick,
James, Michael. John. William. Peter and
Charles O'Malley. a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 months.
PULVERMAN— In this city. February 26, 1900.
at the Pacific Hebrew Home. Morltz Pulver-
man. a native of Prussia,- aged 6S years.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halßted & Co., 946 Mission street. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
ROCKWOOD— In this city, February 26, 1900.
Laura A beloved wife . of E. R. Rockwood,
•a native of New York, aged 59 years 5 months
and 24 days. (La Crosse, Wis., papers please
copy )
ICT'The funeral services will be held this
day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at 609 Van
Ness avenue. Interment private.
RAGAN— In this city. February 27, 1900. Denis,
beloved husband of Catharine Ragan, and
father of Dr. D. F., J. W. and Mary L.
Rasan. a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 76 years and 10 months.
G^Fi-lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday) at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 214 Haight street. . thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Flllmore and Fell,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
" celebrated for the repose of his boul, j com-
mencing at 10 o'clock.- Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
REICHSRATH— In San Leandro, February 26,
1900 Peter, beloved husband of Mary Relchs-
rath and father of Mrs. Mary Thompson
and 'Henry. Louis and Pauline Relchsrath. a
native of Germany, aged 61 years 2 months
and 15 days.
E7The. funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from I, O. O. F.
Hall. Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery.
REEDY— In Modesto, Cal.. , February 23. 1900,
Mrs Eliza D. Reedy, beloved mother of Mrs.
John Dunn. Mrs. Philip Klernan and John
and Andrew Reedy, a native of Ireland, aged
75 years. • • . .- . . •
TOOMY— In this city. February 25, 1900, Wil-
liam Hamilton Toomy, only surviving son of
• Alice T. and Henry Toomy. aged 31 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from St. Pat-
rick's Church. Mission street. Interment
private. Calvary Cemetery.
TOPP— In this city, February 27, 1900, Viola,
beloved" daughter of Michael and Christine
Topp. a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
, 2 months and 2 days.
WALLACE— In Emeryville, February 28, 1900,
Margaret Mary Columbia, darling little
daughter of John and Nora Wallace, a native
of California, aged 5 months and 19 days.
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her narents, Emeryville. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
WALSH— In this city. February 28. 1900. Pat-
rick F beloved husband of Amelia Walsh,
and father of William E.. Stafford P. and
Kathleen L. Walsh, a native of County Cork.
Ireland, axed 62 years 6 months and 22 days.
E7 Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fnliy invited to attend the funeral this .day
. (Wednesday). -at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
" : residence,- 2615 Clay street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, Steiner street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. -Inter-
ment Mount ' Calvary Cemetery. ' ¦
TERSOXALS.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1900.
GREYHOUNDS TO COURSE
AT INGLESIDE PARK
High-Class Entries for the Custom
ary Midweek Stake to Be Held
To-Morrow.
The customary midweek stake at Inele
slde Coursing Park will be run to-morro.v,
commencing at 1 o'clock. The stake at
tracted thirty-six greyhounds of more
than ordinary quality. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
T. Butler's Susie vs. R. Attridse's Master
piece; Sterl & Knowles' Frosty Morn vs. F.
Morar.'x Bit of Fashion: E. Casserly's Blanch*
vs. J. P. Thrift's Be Justice; Sterl & Knowles*
Olita vs. M. B. Kavanaugh's Hani Lines; W.
Hoag's Lady Norborne vs. J. P. Thrift' » Tar
o'Hill; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill vs. OeCrgs
Ehman's Forget; D. E. Wiley's May Girl vs.
J. Watkins" Gladiator; Russell. Allen A Wil
son's Miss Penman v-3. J. Dean's Conde: E. M.
Kellogg's Hummer vs. I. H. Frank's Glen Ann;
Lowe k. Thompson's Little Fullerton vs. Al
Austin's Firm Foe: M. Dunlea's Erin vs. F. X.
Foley's Alarm: J. O' Shea' 9 Golden Shore vs.
J. Flower's Keystone: T. H. Gaffney's Sir Jonn
Arnott vs. J. McKnell's Blackhawk; J. O' Shea's
Young Flrenzi vs. Lowe & Thompson's Bair
pipe: E. Casserly's Silence vs. Russell, Allen
St Wilson's Charming Belle: A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan vs. M. Dunlea's Fenian Boy: S. Handy*
Lady Hugo vs. E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmnre;
J. P. Thrift's Tried Out.V3v.F. G. Patterson's
Bab a Din.
The mid-week meeting at Union Cours
ing Park will be held to-day. The first
course will be run upon the arrival or tha
10:13 a. m. train.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
A— s2ooo# HALF, cash;. 8 acres, ...with Improve-
ments; 45 minutes to San Francisco; I rail-
road stations within B minutes' walk; medium
house of 6 rooms, barn, etc ; fine place for
chicken ranch or suburban . home; must be
sold. For full particulars apply immediately,
J. W. -LAYMANCE.I4 Bansome St.. S. F.
¦ Or 460 Eighth St.. Oakland.
$40 MONTHLY Income: all rented; Third st.,
near Broadway, Oakland; lot 76x100: Improve-
ments; mortgage $3800; will trade equity for
clear property; price $6000. Box 437 L Call of-
fice, San Francisco.
KEARNY. 104— Front suite, three unfurnlehed
rooms, $15; two rooms. $10.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved, to 111$ Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
LARKIN, 613 -Sunny, comfortable parlors:
connected with convenient kitchens; $14 to
$20.
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
TO RENT— 3-acre sunny hill land and cottage;
terms low. 959 Clay at., Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. - .
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 102 (50
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St., on and after Thurs-
day, March 1, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Friday, February 23. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
TEHAMA. 478. near Sixth— sls: 5 nice sunny
furnished rooms for housekeeping; complete.
TUI'.JC 232—2 rooms; one front room, one
housekeeping: sunny; water; oheap.
VAN NESS. 402—2 sunny connecting rooms,
complete for housekeeping; stationary tubt>;
yard. .- -^ ¦* .- '¦• j;
VAN NESS aye.. ltm-^Sunny front parlor suite;
3 rooms; kitchen; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1091 Va-
• lends st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has-been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky 1,15. : open until 9 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows':
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Edgar A. Wlllson, 85, 41 Tehama street, and
Gertrude P. Smith, 85, 1309 Howard street.
Dennis Gallagher, 29/ 275 Harriet street, and
Bridget Ducan, 27, 276 Harriet street.
Albert A. Van Duzen, 24, 1306 Pine street, and
George L. Christie, JL 1306 Pine street.
John M. Gilbert, 4?. 1714 Stockton street, and
Emma Irvln«r, 66, 171* Stockton street.
Daniel Bell, 31,- Stockton, and Margaret
Walsh, 23, Stockton.
Morris David, 31, city, and Bertha Mamlok,
27. city.
Alexander D. Masson. 30, 724 Ellis street, and
Rie L. MacNelll, 23. 235 San Jose avenue.
Louis Splchtlg. 40. Oakland, and Theresa
Kathrelner, 45. Oakland.
Arthur H. McFarlane, 28, city, and Alice E.
Chapman. 23, Chicago. ... ,
noo.MS TO .LET — Fnrn. and t'nfnrn.
A^BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148~ Slxth-~Room«
. 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $6 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ANTONIO, Is, off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
¦ rell— 2 large unfurnished rooms.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post, cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st (old No. 1364)— Fur-
niehed rma... suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 715— Nice small furnished room; rent
$5.
CAHROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well turn.; rms. & offices.
CASTRO. 803. cor. Sixteenth— Three pleasant
furnished housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES--DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b*
Indorsed with tbe name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
BLAni— ln this city, February 25. 1900, to th»
wife of G. L.' Blair, a daughter.
COSQROVE— In this city. February 27, 1900, to
the wife of E. G. Cosgrove, a sop.
LARSEN— In this city. February *2S, WOO. to
the wife of Captain E. C. Larsen, a son. -
OHM— In this" city, February 22. 1900, to the
wife of William F. Ohm, a son.
SIEDENBURG— In this city. February 26, 1900,
to the wife of Henry J. Sledenburg, a daugh-
ter. •¦¦ - -
EDDY., 2I7— Nicely furnished double and single
rooms; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM. 965, confer Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new mgmt.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN.
Schnra Queen and Transit.
SPOKEN.
Jan 14, !at 54 S. lon 92 W. Br bark Bermuda,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Feb $. lat 10 S. lon 37 W, Br ship Strataearn,
from Norfolk, for Manila.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The Br bark Sebastian Bach, from Nagasaki
for Portland, anchored outside of Honolulu on
Feb 17, leaking. In a sea way the vessel leak*
badly, but at present 3 or 4 Inches per hour.
A survey will be held.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HlLO— Arrived Feb 11— Haw bark Andrew
Welch, from Honolulu. Feb 12— Haw ship
Falls of Clyde, hence Jan 27. Feb 13— schr Wnu
F. Wltzemann. hence Jan 16.
Sailed Feb 11— Bktn Irmgard. for San Fran-
In "port— Haw bark Andrew Welch, schr C. T.
Hill. Haw .shin Falls of Clyde, schr J. M. Col
man, schr O. M. Kellogjr, Haw bark Roderick,
schr W. F. Wltaemann. Br stmr Port Albert.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 23— Br stmr Aber
geldle, for Portland, Or. Feb 24— Br stmr
Glenogle, for Tacoma. Feb 23— Br stmr Car
marthenshire, for San Diego. _ ¦ ¦•¦
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— SaiIed Feb 24
— Br bark Charles Coteswo-th, for Puget Sound.
HlOGO— Sailed about Feb 26— Br ship Cum
berland, for Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
JAFFA— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr New England,
from Boston, via ports on cruise.
GENOA— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Luxor, for Baa
Francisco. <
Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Columbia from New
Tork.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 23— Stmr Abergel
dle. from Hongkong for Portland. Or. Feb 24>
—Stmr Glenogle, from Hongkong for Tacoma.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Feb 26— Stmr Werra, for
New York.
MOVILLE— Sailed Feb 27— Stmr Anehoria.
from Glasgow for New York.
BOULOGNE— SaiIed Feb 27— Stmr Palatla.
from Hamburg for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Oce
anic, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport House)— Sunny rooms;
bay windows: run. water; gas; $1 25 to $2 50.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GRANT AYE.. 21 (The Wellington)— Eletrantly
furnished sunny rooms; modern conveniences^
MABBIED.
BETTMAN— STREHL^-In this city, February
22. 1900, Hy L. Bettman of San Jose and Lil-
lian K. Strehl of San Francisco.
COLLINS— POLLOCK— In this city. February
27, 1900, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, George D.
Collins and Katherlne G. Pollock, both of San
Francisco.
DERBY— REDMOND— In this city, February
25, 1900, by the Rev. Father Lamb of St.
Brendan's parish, John J. Derby, and Lizzie
Redmond.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAVES, 156, cor. Van Ness aye.— One or two
very sunny rooms; unfurnished.
HAVES, 220— Furnished alcove room: sun all
day; suitable for 2; also back parlor; gas,
bath and telephone.
MARKET. 2452— 55; large sunny room; grate;
furnished or unfurnished; private family.
MCALLISTER. 320— Nice sunny parlor; also
Fmu.ll roum. NCSSB
MINNA, «67. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 813— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
modern 'conveniences; terms reasonable.
MISSION. S»4, ' bet. " Fourth \ and Fifth— Sunny
front rocrn, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
O'FARRELL. 2fr— Bunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.
suites or single; running water; gas; n»aa.
ROYAL House. 1?6 Ellis st.— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, Ssc to $1 60; week. $2 to
JS; month, $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, 31» & 321 Ellis sL— Rooms,
night. 20c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor, near Market— Up-to
date, fireproof building; electric elevator; new
furniture: hot. cold -water; radiators; suites
end single; rooms appreciated when seen.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2$ Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
6T PETER'S House. 705 California— Changed
hands; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keeping rooms.
THIRD. 415— Nicely furnished back parlor: also
single room; bath; gas; rent reasonable.
TURK, SC3— Handsome alcove room; grate, gas,
bath, running water: .other rooms.
THE OAKS. 11* Third— A good rooming house
for good Rfople, R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street WharT at 10 a. n.
CADE * 12 Fl«t Class Including BertS
I Milt $8 Second Class and Meal*.
COLUMBIA sails Feb. 17. XI. Mar. ». IS
Ehort line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts. : open till 9 p. m. ¦
ROOMS WASTED.
A LADY with a piano will give lessons !n ex-
change for room. Box 4367.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market St.— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or tin*
gle; with or without board; table first-class;
reduced rates.
NEW family hotel: flrtt-claafl in all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. 807 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
(Copyright, 1900,
by H. H. Egbert
OAKLANPRACETRACK^Tuesda^
S50. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: three-year-olds and upward: purse, $450
Time— V -26- V 4 '51: % 1:164. Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner. L. H. EzelTs
- br^f.? 'by Huron-Ventura: Winner much the best. Jael severely bumped last few yards
by" Pongo. Tammanya^ywrly.
S51. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs: two-year-olds: purse, $350
Time-U •»• M -45%. Good start. Won eaiilly. wcond easily, third drlYln*. Winner. B.
sShTrtW* *'c*' t . by Balgowar-Apozeo. 'Coupled with Modder. Count Huoert ran jame
ly, but was simply outfooted. Modder will do., Madrln* a bad actor: of the runaway sort.
Rplndle green. „r , r . __,-,_, ,-,.,,-,-.,- J -J-,_ r - LJ -^,- L -„-.,—.- --.--- — - -- - »,» ».
S52. THIRD RACE— Futurity course: selling: four-year-olds: purse, $350.
Timo-To M~~lm; to %. :46: last %, l:01tf; short %, 1:1«4. Good ttart. Won flrst three
driVTn* ?¦ Winner E. W. Purser's br. jr.. by imp. 6trombol!-Flofi»y. Almoner tired laat
wvnrds Tallac a rood finisher. Romany a conundrum. The Laat ran away three miles
Lf tVr flniahlnir.- Scratched-Regelong 117.. _ ¦__•__ ?.._.
S53. FOURTH RACE— Mile and eighth: selling: four-year-olds and upward: purse. $400.
m'™_ v. -13- X -37H- %.-l:03%: T4. 1:»: mile. IM2H: lHm. 1:55 H. Good it*rt. Won
h^dily second 'and third urivlng, Winner. W. B. Sink Jr. 1 . eh j.. by Imp. Cfaesterfleld-
S54. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: three-year-olds and upward: purse, $380.
Tim^—U -iWi.- Vt MB%; % I:MV4. Bad start. Won easily, second and third driving. Wln
•• ner^W B JennlnKs & Co.'s b. c. by. Imp. St. Andrew-Hot Springs. Vesuvian away flyln*.
Mortiraire could and should have been closer up. True Blue a bit short. Bandera ran away
;'
S55. SIXTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth: selling: four-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
Time— l-16 -06%; 6-16, :30H: 9-18. :554; 13-19, 1:20: mile, 1:40; 1 l-16m. VMM. Good atari.
Won easily second and third drlvin*. -Winner. W. I* StanA>ld's ca. r..-.by Apacne-Maxln.
Winner never bothered.: Perseus ran a swell race. ; Topmaat la good. Tappan cut off oa two
or three occasions, -. Esplonago warmed •up well.
HENRY J GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan - & Gallagher),'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
•20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. *
Telephone ¦ South : 80.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB3.
~TORO. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9: IS
a. m.: 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE s°°
DIED.
11
Horse. Ai
1
re. Weight. |St.
Str.
Fin.
I
Joclteya.
I Bettlnc.
[Op. Cl.
Urn.
Hm.
Km.
811 Loch Katrine. 3.... 105 4
742 Glen Anne. 5 117 3
! 79S Pongo, 5 ...122 5
817 Jael.' 6 ."....117 2
765 Wild Het. 6 117 1
670 Tammany, a 119 6
790 Wlnyah, 3 104 7
2 h
3 H
S h
1 43
« 4
7
1 1
S 1
5 h
JH
4 1
8 h
7
13
8 1
42
2 1
51
6 2
7
1 n iJenklna 4-5 7-19
2 1 Henry T 10
S h Plggott 7 10
4 1 M. Bergen I 9
. 5 S Spencer 5 B
8 S Hennessey ... 15 40
7 Bullm«n 4 20
lex. Horse.
Weight. |St.
Urn.
%m.
\m.
itr
in.
:ey».
(S3B) Sofala 115 1
(767) Count Hubert 112 2
833 Aphrodls 101 8
... Modder »« ?
... Madrina 107 5
... BplndU HO «
%••
2 >
¦18
4 S
5 20
6 •
1 2
SI
SI
4 5
5 15
6
1 S Bullman
2 4 PigffOtt
S % Henry
4IS Spencer
515 Thorpe
t E. J0net. ......
2-5 9-29
8 I
SO 50
8 17
20 60
. • •
ndex. ¦ Horsy
ndex. Hon*. Weight. |St 1 _
756 StrongoU 1" *
740 Almoner 1" J
818 Tallac .••«£ 6:
755 Croker .....' l«l \
704 Romany i«* J
786 Lulu W ...I^2 9
842 Gold Baron 104 3
736 The Last •"•Hi »
7CB Clarando • • 102 8
736 Ann Page .102 10
%m. Hm.
JIH
... - as
... 4 h
5 1
7 2
S 3
3 h
91
10
«m.
tin.
%m.
2 3
1,4
5 <
3 n
6 1
7 3
6 h
.4H
9 S
10
m.
Str.
22
12
62
t h
• 5 2
S 1
7 1
4 H
9 6
10
Fin. I JocXey. |Op. Cl.
in ißulz .......... t T~- 4
2 3 Jenkins 5 I
3 h Henry .4 •
4 H E. Rom 8 •
EVi Bullman 5 14-5
14 M. Bcrsan IS 30
7 3 Morse 7 10
8 3 Buchanan 20 W
910 Ranch 6 8
10 I. Powell 8 IS
n.
TnriMC Horse. Age. Weight.l St. Km.
1 841 Rio Chico. <—-—}°« 3 1» 11H
823 Mary Klnsella, 5....104 1 2h |H
(822) None Such. 5 ..10« ! » H | h
:.. Tewanda. 6 106 « * 4 -
13
2 1
4
%m.
Btr.
32
2%
Btr.
Fin. | Jockey*. |Op. CL
1 2 Jenkins 11-5 3
2 8 Bullman 1-2 9-20
310 E. Ross 6 12
¦ 4 Olvens 20 17
Fin. I
Jockey*.
tOp
a.
Age.
Weight. |St.
Km.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockey*.
lOj*.
Cl.
ndex. Horse.
824 Vesuvlan. 3 ..109 1 , ... \$ .
752 Bessie Lee 5.. ......117 5. ... 4 2
(832) Mortgage, 3. 1M 7 ••• I . ?
777)\Vaterwlck.-3........1M 2 ... Sh
649 True Blue. 6.. 119 4 ... »?
$32 Mountebank, 3...... 104 3 ... «1
80S Bandera, .3.. ...... ..'.102 8 •- .6 % -
1 n
- 3 h
6 2
4 1
3 4
5b
7
14
3%
S 2
•4b
2 1
610
1 1 Spencer 2
* I % Jenkins 19
3 1 Bullman ...... 6-3
VH Henry S
5 2 McAullff* .... 10
6 10' I. Powell 4
7 Ranch ........ 10
S-l
IS
7-5
II
17
1!
25
Horse.
Age.
Welg!
it.
It.
,m.
,m.
:r.
Index
"(753) ToriblO, 5..... ..109 ? .
812 . Perseus. a:Y 102 3 .
(S4B) Tappan, 6 —103 2
SlO Topmast, 6 11l 5
770 Bed Pirate. 4...... ..100 6
• -840 .Morlnel. 5...: 107 1
(827) Espionagre. 4... ......102 7
823 Einstein. 5..... .102 8
; 616 Uarda. 5 .........1071 9
!•! • 780 Lena. <...............104|10
1 3H,,
' • J* ¦-•
7 1
3 1
4 2
.5 h
9 1
8 1
7y» •
10
12
• 2 H
51
!h,
4 h
8 1
81
' 9
• 7V4
10 ¦-.
It
2S
4 1
¦ S 4
5 h
6 2
7 4
.10
9h
8 ¦-' -
12
2 3
2 1
4 3
6 8
6 2
7 3
81
93
10
Tl IT. Walsh 6-2 13-5
2 3 Henry 8 13
' S 4 Spencer 5-3 18-5
4 % Plgsott 5 .10
5 1 Jenirtn* .; 7 - 10
6 2 Bullman 5 9
7 4 J. Walsh 4 6
8 2 Passlnger 30 100
9 8 lE. R055...... „! 13." 23
10 |I. P0we11. ..... 1 20 100
Horse. Ai
1
re. Weight. |St.
Str.
Fin.
I
Joclteya.
I Bettlnc.
[Op. Cl.
Urn.
Hm.
Km.
811 Loch Katrine. 3.... 105 4
742 Glen Anne. 5 117 3
! 79S Pongo, 5 ...122 5
817 Jael.' 6 ."....117 2
765 Wild Het. 6 117 1
670 Tammany, a 119 6
790 Wlnyah, 3 104 7
2 h
3 H
S h
1 43
« 4
7
1 1
S 1
5 h
JH
4 1
8 h
7
13
8 1
42
2 1
51
6 2
7
1 n iJenklna 4-5 7-19
2 1 Henry T 10
S h Plggott 7 10
4 1 M. Bergen I 9
. 5 S Spencer 5 B
8 S Hennessey ... 15 40
7 Bullm«n 4 20
lex. Horse.
Weight. |St.
Urn.
%m.
\m.
itr
in.
:ey».
(S3B) Sofala 115 1
(767) Count Hubert 112 2
833 Aphrodls 101 8
... Modder »« ?
... Madrina 107 5
... BplndU HO «
%••
2 >
¦18
4 S
5 20
6 •
1 2
SI
SI
4 5
5 15
6
1 S Bullman
2 4 PigffOtt
S % Henry
4IS Spencer
515 Thorpe
t E. J0net. ......
2-5 9-29
8 I
SO 50
8 17
20 60
. • •
ndex. ¦ Horsy
ndex. Hon*. Weight. |St 1 _
756 StrongoU 1" *
740 Almoner 1" J
818 Tallac .••«£ 6:
755 Croker .....' l«l \
704 Romany i«* J
786 Lulu W ...I^2 9
842 Gold Baron 104 3
736 The Last •"•Hi »
7CB Clarando • • 102 8
736 Ann Page .102 10
%m. Hm.
JIH
... - as
... 4 h
5 1
7 2
S 3
3 h
91
10
«m.
tin.
%m.
2 3
1,4
5 <
3 n
6 1
7 3
6 h
.4H
9 S
10
m.
Str.
22
12
62
t h
• 5 2
S 1
7 1
4 H
9 6
10
Fin. I JocXey. |Op. Cl.
in ißulz .......... t T~- 4
2 3 Jenkins 5 I
3 h Henry .4 •
4 H E. Rom 8 •
EVi Bullman 5 14-5
14 M. Bcrsan IS 30
7 3 Morse 7 10
8 3 Buchanan 20 W
910 Ranch 6 8
10 I. Powell 8 IS
n.
TnriMC Horse. Age. Weight.l St. Km.
1 841 Rio Chico. <—-—}°« 3 1» 11H
823 Mary Klnsella, 5....104 1 2h |H
(822) None Such. 5 ..10« ! » H | h
:.. Tewanda. 6 106 « * 4 -
13
2 1
4
%m.
Btr.
32
2%
Btr.
Fin. | Jockey*. |Op. CL
1 2 Jenkins 11-5 3
2 8 Bullman 1-2 9-20
310 E. Ross 6 12
¦ 4 Olvens 20 17
Fin. I
Jockey*.
tOp
a.
Age.
Weight. |St.
Km.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockey*.
lOj*.
Cl.
ndex. Horse.
824 Vesuvlan. 3 ..109 1 , ... \$ .
752 Bessie Lee 5.. ......117 5. ... 4 2
(832) Mortgage, 3. 1M 7 ••• I . ?
777)\Vaterwlck.-3........1M 2 ... Sh
649 True Blue. 6.. 119 4 ... »?
$32 Mountebank, 3...... 104 3 ... «1
80S Bandera, .3.. ...... ..'.102 8 •- .6 % -
1 n
- 3 h
6 2
4 1
3 4
5b
7
14
3%
S 2
•4b
2 1
610
1 1 Spencer 2
* I % Jenkins 19
3 1 Bullman ...... 6-3
VH Henry S
5 2 McAullff* .... 10
6 10' I. Powell 4
7 Ranch ........ 10
S-l
IS
7-5
II
17
1!
25
Horse.
Age.
Welg!
it.
It.
,m.
,m.
:r.
Index
"(753) ToriblO, 5..... ..109 ? .
812 . Perseus. a:Y 102 3 .
(S4B) Tappan, 6 —103 2
SlO Topmast, 6 11l 5
770 Bed Pirate. 4...... ..100 6
• -840 .Morlnel. 5...: 107 1
(827) Espionagre. 4... ......102 7
823 Einstein. 5..... .102 8
; 616 Uarda. 5 .........1071 9
!•! • 780 Lena. <...............104|10
1 3H,,
' • J* ¦-•
7 1
3 1
4 2
.5 h
9 1
8 1
7y» •
10
12
• 2 H
51
!h,
4 h
8 1
81
' 9
• 7V4
10 ¦-.
It
2S
4 1
¦ S 4
5 h
6 2
7 4
.10
9h
8 ¦-' -
12
2 3
2 1
4 3
6 8
6 2
7 3
81
93
10
Tl IT. Walsh 6-2 13-5
2 3 Henry 8 13
' S 4 Spencer 5-3 18-5
4 % Plgsott 5 .10
5 1 Jenirtn* .; 7 - 10
6 2 Bullman 5 9
7 4 J. Walsh 4 6
8 2 Passlnger 30 100
9 8 lE. R055...... „! 13." 23
10 |I. P0we11. ..... 1 20 100Attorney Pence Forces Simpton's Affidavit Into the Record.
me the ceremony must" have been per
formed" by.: Judge . Belrude, but I knew
that was not the name, and: told him so.
He wanted $200 for his work." and subse
quently I paid it to him in Mr. Dunand's
office.", . . . -. , . , . . ;
A few days later Mrs." Craven-Fair went
to Sausalito again • with Attorney Foote's
law partner ,<Mr." Lerman. - They met Du
nand by appointment over there. Dunand
Ba w Juace. Belrudp In a crowd and said
to Mrs.! Craven-Fair r
• '.'There's your Justice' of the Peace."
but . the .lady denied . that ' Belrude was the
man, who had, married • her/ and Senator
J air, . and Dunand , went > oft to hunt up
Sylva and ascertain, what progress he had
made. In a few minutes-Dunand returned
with Sylva and Simpton to where Lerman
and -Mrs. Craven-Fair ',:> were waiting,
bimpton recognized > the ' lady at once/ and
extending his hand : remarkedUhat it had
been a long '.time ' since they, had met.'
He said ; he.- remembered all about the
marriage- ceremony; although his record
of It had '.been .burned;,; and - agreed, to
write .; Mr. < Foote all' of- the details, he
could call to s mind. • He . kept > his word in
tnatjnstance, and later.made an affidavit
to the statement. The'purpose of Mrs.
Craven-Fair's third • trip vto Sausalito.
when she went in the companyof Charles
Fence; was sto > hunt > up : the « proprietor of
the resort, where she and the Senator had
st °PPd,on,the day of the ceremony.
':'- I never had any agreement with Sylva
to , pay him any other amount - than * the
Come, See.
Beautiful Premiums
With Coffee
Witli Spices
'With Baklnsr Powder
Come Just to See.
Great American Importins Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere
zoo Stores*
» ADVERTISEMENTS. '._.,^_ r -
BSSJB *?S ffrrfl £Sf isk f%j Sh Eft?? ySti. vi
M bNB B8 BBS BbH BB «m 19 I lI v3
SPRING- - - 1900
Our assortment of NEW SILKS fop spring
and summer wear Is now most complete, and
during the coming week we will show a great
varletu of the LATEST NOVELTIES in this
department,
Fancu Satin and Taffeta Stripe, open work
effects, in all the-new pastel shades.
.........S/.5OYard
Taffeta Plisse, In fancu stripes, newest effects
for waists........ S1.5O Yard
Corded and Plisse Stripe Taffeta,, self colors
S/.35 Yard
Two-toned Taffeta, white and colored satin
stripes, extra heavu aualitu
-S/.2SYard
Hemstitched and Corded Fancu Striped Taf-
feta, in all the latest spring shades
V....-....S/.2S Yard
Open Work Fancu Satin Striped Silk
..........»/./5Yard
Extra Qualitu Soft Finish Foulard Silks, 24
Inches wide- • $1.25 Yard
Satin Finish Fine Twilled French Foulards,
23, 24 and 27 Inches wide.. SLOP Yard
SPECIAL I
200 pieces FINE TWILL FOULARDS, all the
latest stules and colorings, full .23 inches .
in width ? 35° Yard
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GENERAL BARNES HAS
JOINED THE BENEDICTS
Stole Away to New York With Mrs. Anna
Scott and Wedded Her.
His Bride Belongs to This City, but the Veteran
Clubman's Friends Will Hear the News
With Surprise.
POR days the genial face of General
Barnes has' been missing from his
accustomed haunts and among his
friends, and now comes the news
from the East that not only had he
pone to New York, but he traveled all
that way to be married. His bride is Mrs.
Anna M. Scott of this city.
Just why the veteran man about town
stole away to a distance of three thou
sand miles to be married and cheated a
thousand or two friends of the chance
to throw tons of rice and arrange in
numerable farewell stag dinners, is a
mystery. It may be that the sin of dif
fidence suddenly fell upon him and it may
be that he is getting unsociable as the
years accumulate, but whatever caused
It, all the reason he would give was that
he wished to be married in the city
¦where he was born and In the presence of
the brother he had not seen for twenty
five years..
The news cane over the wire last even
ing and it spread through the haunts of
Bohemia like a prairie fire. First there
was incredulity, then conviction and then
indignation at the first offense against
bociability the general has committed.
No one had the slightest idea what the
peneral was up to. He told* no one and
bore himself as a man proof against the
subtlest wiles of woman, but there cou!d
be no doubt of it: he had shaken his asso
t iates and had been married at a dis
tance, cheating his friends of the fairest
excuse for a Bohemian revel that has
happened In local clubdom.
Brought the Bride Along.
The general's wedding was character
istic. He went to New York and last
Monday dropped in on his brother, John
S. Barnes, at 22 East Forty-eighth
street. He told his brother he had come
all the way to be married, and to make
pure there would be no hitch in the cere
mony, he had brought the bride-to-be
along with him and he thereupon intro
duced Mrs. Scott to his astonished rela-
tive. The general explained why he
wished to be married in New York and
without more ado Rev. David H. Greer
of 342 Madison avenue was summoned
and in the presence of John S. Barnes
and his wife the general and Mrs. Scott
were married. The general said he did
not care for an elaborate ceremony nor
did he desire that the wedding be given
undue publicity, and he was very near
getting out of town and well on his way
home before the news got out at all, but
some one who knew what a rare item the
old general had cooked up got wind of the
affair and it was flashed across , to San
Francisco without delay.
After the ceremony General Barnes and
wife went to the Fifth Avenue Hotel and
yesterday morning they started for San
Francisco. . They will arrive here Sun
day or Monday.
She Was an Old Friend.
The new Mrs. Barnes Is an old friend of
the general. He knew her for years, and
her quick Intelligence and congenial men
tality attracted him always, and when the
late Mrs. Barnes was dying, something over
two years ago, Mrs. Scott was constantly
at the house, assisting in caring for the
sick woman. How long the wily old club
man was a- wooing no one knows. He never
told the story on himself, fond as he was
of telling stories, and he never hinted
that celibacy was anything but heaven
for him. He kept his own counsel and
there are those even now asking where
Barnes is and what has happened to him.
The marriage of the general is a dis
tinct event in more ways than ' one
in all the various circles the genial club
man crossed in his professional and social
orbit He Is one of the best known men
in the West and is one of the few who
have run the political gamut and left only
friends in his track. He was too good
natured to make much of a personal suc
cess cf politics, but he was an untiring
worker and there is hardly a hall In the
State that has not echoed his words of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1900. \
Rumors of a Compromise Between
Mrs. Craven-Fair and the Fair
Heirs Follow Close Upon
Supreme Court Decision.
THE Supreme Court decision sustain
ing the "trust clause" of the Fair
will had a marked effect yesterday
on those engaged in the Craven-Fair
litigation now pending before Judge
Troutt. Mrs. Craven-Fair and her
counsel resumed with renewed zeal the
legal battle they are waging for a share
of the big estate, while the opposition felt
its way very carefully, in evident dread
of stepping on dangerous ground. Just
when their cross-examination of Mrs.
Craven-Fair had reached the very brink
of an exciting climax Attorney Pierson,
who has been plying the questions,
stopped short and announced that he was
through with the witness.
This was after a searching inquiry into
the Sausalito ceremony and the circum
stances which had prompted Justice
Simpton to tell his story in writing to At
torney Foote and swear later that it was
the truth. Questions had been asked
showing plainly that tbe attorneys on the
side of the estate were pursuing the
theory that the whole Sausalito story was
a fabrication which was the creation of
the fertile brain of the woman who claims
to be the widow of the late Senator Fair.
There had been some questioning earlier
in the cross-examination with reference
to the pencil will, and yesterday when the
time arrived to continue that course of in
quiry the fire of questions suddenly
ceased.
Rumors of Compromise.
This unexpected action, coming as it did
on top of the Supreme Court decision on
the "trust clause," started any amount of
speculation as to the whys and where
fores. The essence of all the rumors that
floated about during the afternoon and
evening was that a compromise had been
reached, that the Fair children had ln-
Flsted that the pencil will subject be
handled with extreme care until it was
determined definitely whether it might
not be the "open sesame" to the vast
wealth left by their father.
Mrs. Craven-Fair's attorneys scoffed at
the idea of a compromise, yet they admit
ted that they considered the surprising
turn of affairs in the light of a partial
surrender of the opposition and a most
decided evidence of weakness.
Mr. Pierson and his associates assert
that the sudden halt in the cross-examlra
tlon of Mrs. Craven-Fair has no signifi
cance whatever. He had gone as far as
he desired and quit, and that Is all there
Is to it. according to his assertions.
Sympathy for Her Step-Children.
But the compromise rumors will not
down. de«plt#> the emphatic statements
from both sides that they Intend to con
test every inch of ground and -fight out
Lord Lyveden Dies.
LONDON. Feb. 27.— Lord Lyveden
(Fitzpatrlck ; Henry. Vernon) is dead. He
.was -born in 1524 and I was in the diplo
matic service, at .Madrid, Hanover and
Berlin.
Self respect ia on good terms with the
Old ; Government Whisky. ; •
SHOCK KILLED HIM.
Brown's Three Aces •Were N"o Good
Against Four Queens.
George Brown, a colored janitor, resid
ing at 7 Himmelman place, dropped dead
in a poolroom on.Leidcsdorff street early
last evening. Brown Is said to have been
playing poker and to • have held three
aces, on which he staked all the money
he had. Another man called the bet" and
showed down four queens, whereupon
Brown "-.threw up his hands, uttered a
shriek and died. The body was taken to
the morgue. Brown was 31 years of age
and married.
- Dr. Parker'* Cough Cure. . One dose will itop
* cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists. •
during the cross-examination 'of the star
witness was, the statement made •some
weeks • ago .by Attorney- Sylva; the' saint
from Sausalito, to the effect that Mrs.
Craven-Fair ¦ had entered • Into . an agree
ment with him in writing to pay him $30,
000 for contracting a ceremony conspiracy,
which agreement, he claimed, was indorsed
by the lady's son-in-law, Koehler.
The witness told all about the contract
to which Sylva referred and -according
to her- testimony he did not figure in it at
all. The contract Is with Louis F. Dun
and, for services performed and to be ren-'
dered ¦in connection-' with ¦ some _ ; matters
foreign to the Fair case ;and some: allied
with it. The amount-is $25,000, not $30,
000. It is not indorsed by Son-in-Law
Koehler and Its payment -Is - contingent
upon Mrs. Cravep-Falr's success in • her
litigation against the Fair estate.
The Trips to Sausalito.
It was with Dunand that the. petitioner
made her first trip, to , Sausalito In; quest
of the evidence of the civil marriage cer
emony. 1 She had ; told Mr. Foote about,
it, but he could not go with'her, and sug-'
gested that she take : Dunand. . The latter
advised her to get the records . before she
told any one about the ' story," for he
feared if it became public the documents
would be tampered with. - . • -
VDunand . knew Sylva," said. the witness,'
"and suggested that as he was .well , ac
quainted In Sausalito he would be *, the
man to lookup the details. Sylva' told
$200 which I gave him," said Mrs. Craven-
Fair;. "nor did I make arrangements with
any one else for his benefit. I did enter
into a contract to pay Louis F. Dunand
$25,000. I • volunteered the contract. He
did not ask it. Mine . was the only sig
nature on It .when handed to him, and I
have never . seen it since. It was for
services ¦- here ; and elsewhere. The pay
ment was not guaranteed by my son-in
law or. any one else. ".
Attorney McEnerney charged ."that the
story of the Dunand; contract was a fence
to hide the real ¦ character of the transac
tion/ claiming that it could not be shown
that : Dunand had ' rendered • any adequate
services for the amount stated.
-;- To this Charles . Pence said that as an
officer of the court he knew that Dunand
had r rendered services In securing testi
mony which would be produced later in
the.": case and .'Which would show on Its
face to be worth every cent his client had
agreed to pay for. lt.-i Dunand Is expected
to return from Mexico within a. week, and
it is understood that the evidence he has
secured. comes from „ that direction.
Sworn Statement in Evidence.
"When ¦ was -the \ first time you saw
Sylva?" 'asked Mr. Piersonl
"When Mr. Dunand and I met him at
Saußallto." '
"That ' is . all, ~ madam!"
The Judge - and -the Pences were sur
prised at' the sudden of ? the
cross-examination.- Mrs." Craven-Fair's
attorneys held a- brie* consultation • and
BRUTALLY ASSAULTED
IN HER OWN ROOM
Etta Fitzgibbon Is Attacked by a
Strange Man and Frightfully
Beaten.
While seated In her room in a lodging:
house ' at 17 Grant avenue la3t evening,
Etta Fitzgibbon, a middle-aged woman,
was attacked by a strange man and bru
tally beaten about the head and face with
some blunt instrument. After rendering
the woman unconscious the stranger ran
from the house, followed by an eye-wit
ness to the assault. Meeting Detectives
Dlnan and Wren, he excitedly told them
that the fleeing man had murdered a
woman.
The detectives gave chase, and. brlni?
unable to overtake the man, Dlnan drew
his revolver, and pointing it at the mur
derous assailant of the woman, pulled the
trigger. The cartridge failed to explode,
and as the fellow was fast outdistancing
his pursuers, Dlnan again pulled the trig
ger, with the same result. Replacing the
revolver In his pocket. Dlnan, who at one
time was a professional sprinter, discard
ed his overcoat and started after the fleet
footed stranger, determined to overtake
him. After an exciting chase of several
blocks he finally succeeded in overhauling
his game.
The stranger, seeing he was cornered,
suddenly turned on the detective, but was
placed hors de combat by a well directed
blow on the Jaw. At the City Prison he
gave his name as Charles Brown. H» ad
mitted that he had beaten the Fitzgibbon
woman, but refused to assign any reason
for the cowardly assault.
With blood streaming from half a dozen
cuts in the head, the victim of Brown's
flendishness was at once removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where she was at
tended by Dr. Morrison. After the woutids
were dressed the woman, when ques
tioned declared that she did not know
her assailant and was at a loss to explain
why he had attacked her. About a week
ago she said she had a woman lodger in
the house arrested and she is inclined to
believe that her action in the matter
miKht have actuated tt\e assault. To-day
Brown will be formally charged with an
assault with a deadly weapon.
the issues Involved in the case If it takes
all summer. Mrs. Craven-Fair heraeif
says she was never more determined than
now to prove her case In court, and that
she will never quit until victory perciios
on her banner or death puts her out of
the battle. While she says the Supreme
Court decision dc»s not concern her, she
cannot conceal the fact that she fliids
much about It to crow over. She expresses
great sympathy for the predicament in
which it has placed her "step-children,"
but H is hard to understand whether she
is prompted in making the assertion liy
sincerity or sarcasm. She certainly does
give <">ut the impression that If her "step
children" would agree to be good due
would forgive them for the trouble they
have put her to, and might lend them a
helping hand !n straightening out the af
fairs of the big estate.
And all this leads back again to the
question of compromise and the pencil
will. That the latter document is destine-1
to play an important part in the Craven-
Fair game cannot be questioned. Some
attorneys have expressed the opinion that
It is barred out by the statutes of limita
tion. These legal lights may be right,
but there are lawyers ¦who. like love, can
rind a way for anything, and if it Is con
sidered necessary to bring forth the old
document again some legal loophole will
be found through which to pull it.
Simpton in a Bad Boat.
The proceedings yesterday before Judge
Troutt were rather more interesting than
usual and the crowd of loungers that
filled the courtroom were amply repaid
for their attendance. The story of the
Sausalito ceremony and all the circum
stances surrounding it was the subject
upon which the counsel for the estate
appeared most deeply interested and to
which they directed their cross-examina
tion of Mrs. Craven-Fair. Like the pre
vious day, however, they learned a little
more than they wanted to and got their
foot in it by making an opening through
which the pair of Pences forced the
Slmpton affidavit and letter on the erc
ord. Mr. McEnerney made a strenuous
effort to prevent this, for it Is bound to
prove embarrassing to both the represen
tatives of the estate and Simpton. It
makes his sworn statement of the Sausa
lito affair a part of the court proceedings,
to controvert the effect of which he will
have to be put on the witness stand to
tell his later yarn, in which he poses as
a hero engaged in trapping conspirators.
The Pences say this would constitute per
jury, and if it takes place they are going
to tell the District Attorney about it.
Simpton, evidently would like to be lost,
but he is still on Charlie Fair's launch off
the Sausalito shore and the question is:
Can his guardian afford to lose him? He
seems to be In a bad boat, even if It is
the Lucero.
Another story that suffered severely
CAPENOME.
THE MOORE GOLD
SEPARATOR
Saves tbe Gold.
Hundreds of Practical
Miners Indorse
This Statement
A company has been incorporated to
own and operate these machines in the
Cape Nome district
The company have bonded valuable
Tundra claims.
A portion of the treasury stock is of-
fered for sale at $1.00 per share,
full paid and non-assessable.
Particulars and prospectus furnished
at the • company's office, room 18.
CROCKER BUILDING. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
then asked . that the Slmpton letter and
affidavit be introduced In evidence. The
Fair forces refused to touch them, when
the Pences. despite the objections of At
torney McEnerney, convinced the court
that they were admissible, and in they
went.
As Mrs. Koehler, who was not present
in court, was to be the ttrst witness fol
lowing her mother, an adjournment was
taken until this morning. It la expected
that Judge Jeremiah Sullivan and Lee D.
Craig will also be put on the witness
stand to-day to corroborate the testimony
of Mrs. Craven-Fair.
Plans of Fair Heirs.
The heirs of the Fair estate have de
cided to continue the legal warfare to
set aside the "trust clause" in. the dead
mlllllonaire's will. The first move will
be to apply to the Supreme Court for a
rehearing. If this is not granted, Charlie
Fair's contest of the will, now pending
before Judge Troutt, will be taken up and
forced to a hearing, with the intention of
setting aside the entire testament.
FAIR ATTORNEYS STRIVE TO SAVE SIMPTON
FROM COMMITTING PERJURY IN OPEN COURT
Cheated Bohemia of a Revel.
It was not like him, and it is strange if
his injured friends, his professional
brethren and .his clubmates ; do not de
mand reparation of some full and satis
factory sort. His • wedding would have
taken rank with the celebration of Uncle
George ; Bromley's birthday. His wooing
would have been, the pattern for, future
ventures of the same sort by hundreds of
his associates and his example would
have driven the clerk of the marriage
license office to work overtime and nights.
He has stolen a march on Bohemia and
isno doubt indulging in a- long-distance
chuckle over the prospect of cominghome
and saying, "It's all over." •
loyalty to the Republican party: and it
was seldom he spoke, when there, was not
something worth echoing. He has a rare
gift of oratory and it has made him
known quicker and better and farther
than ever politics could have done. He
has turned audiences of thousands from
laughter to tears, and from tears to the
wildest enthusiasm. He has been before
the public in every capacity for years and
has been the moving spirit of geniality
and Jollity and chummlness in the clubs,
and he was never known to flee from his
fellow-man under any sociable circum
stance until just the other day, when, he
slipped off to New York and deprived
clubdom of its choicest morsel of gossip.'
GENERAL W. H. L. BARNES, WHO SLIPPED AWAY TO NEW
YORK TO BE MARRIED.
PLAN OF MUSEUM
NOW PERFECTED
Asiatic Association's Aid to
Be Accepted to Get
Large Trade.
Congress "Will Be Asked to Appropri
ate $50,000 for the Promotion.
of the Pacific Coast
-' Enterprise.
The ¦ Padflc Commercial Museum has
now a plan of organization, .which was
adopted at a meeting of the committee on
promotion yesterday. Practically this is
the i plan which was formulated by the
committee of ten. What- now remains to
be done is to appoint a tinance committee
of sixty prominent citizens and then to
collect the funds necessary to actually
bring the museum into existence. This
committee on finance will be selected at
the next meeting of the promoters, which
will 'be -on -Friday afternoon next.
„¦ A suggestion was made to change th©
name on the ground that the people gen
erally thought that the purpose in view
was to establish a show of some sort. The
committee took the view that the purpose
would be clear to all who could be count
ed upon tt> assist. In addition to the adop
tion of the plan the promoters adopted a
resolution submitted by Isaac Upham and
amended " by M. H. de Young, . that the
home >project might come in for $50,000 of
Government aid, in which all commercial
bodies on the coast were asked to request
their Congressmen and Senators to sup
port the pending bill to appropriate $200,
000 to the Philadelphia Commercial Mu
seum. ,
Several proposed amendments to the
plan were rejected.
•An amendment was adopted, which was
Introduced by R. P. Schwerin, to co-op
erate with the American Asiatic Associa
tion. M. H." de Young opposed an amend
ment to take from the executive governor
the power to nominate all appointees and
to substitute an -executive committee of
nine with a manager to name the ap
pointees. He claimed that this would de
stroy the efficiency of the plan. The pro
moters took his view of the case and killed
the amendment. Every member of the
committee of promoters will submit names
for members of the finance committee at
the, next meeting.
¦ Isaac Upham's motion that President
Wheeler should be requested to call a
general meeting upon his return from the
East for the purpose of reporting his in
terview with President McKinley was
adopted. •
The features of the plan of organization
have -been published in The Call as they
were adopted by the promotion commit
tee.
\Q&V We Would ifSkJL
And the SHOES will talk for themselves — as you can easily
understand when seeing tbe SPRING NOVELTIES we show
for first time to-day. See them— s3.so the pair. Style is
not their only good feature. We are practical shoe makers-
know their fitting qualities — and the wear is guaranteed.
Send for Spring ft/d Q| Qf^CJ
Uluslrated Catalog— A J^dL JS \j Jj
Just issued. 738-740 Market St.
QUICK RELIEF, SURE RELIEF.
BBOW'f S Bioißfiial Trocnes
¦ For Coughs and Colds*
¦F<tc-Bfcn!l9 ? Jlf//? +/ enmry
visit DR. JORDAN'S crcatA
MUSEUM OF ANATOtm
G& ; < 1051 U4SZX2SS. tat. ft&*7&.S.r.&2. i
Xf The Lar j«t Anatemiut Museum in tbe \
¦ Jlii World VV eakaerses v any contracted 4
JE Qfft discjie povllivrlj cared tiy tbe oldsu V
/SHI bpeculistratheCotu. Ett-^y-in %
fllafi OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE OISEASES *
FQ3£7ff Co.nutt.non free and itrirtW pnra^ \
I Uwl Trt iiment personally or by letter A m
8 W U S r**-tt— (to« i» »«ryca*e undertake*. V
¥v aW w'ite<orßnok.PßlLO»uraY«fw 'ite<orBnok.PBILO»uraY«f i
H II M»HBUtK, M*ILKO FIIL (if
fl IX wluaile book for mm) \
D». IUBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. B. t. V
12