LEGISLATURE AND THE
MILITIA ALMOST CLASH
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 30.— A clash between the members of the
Legislature and the militia was narrowly averted to-night. The rumor was
carried to the office of the adjutant general that the Democratic mem
bers had decided to hold a night session in the opera-house to receive the
report of the contesting board, declare Goebel Governor and seize the
State government. .No such thing was contemplated, although it had
been discussed by different members of the House. When word was re
ceived by the militia officers it was determined to break up the meeting,
"the assembly" was sounded and the troops formed for a march to the
opera-hou6e. They had reached the south gate of the Capitol grounds
when word was brought that no meeting was to be held, antf the soldiers
returned to their quarters.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30.
Tbe crisis b as come in tbe United States Senatorial situation. The
forces opposed to the election of D. M. Burns rjave forced upon hin) a
caucus, in which he ri)ust face fifty votes pledged in antagonism to rjim.
fit tbe regular session fifty-five Republicans stood invincible in tbeir de
fense of the good name of the State and of their personal honor. £1
great prize — the integrity of California — was at stake, and tbe issue fyas
QOt cbanged in a year. The same evil influences are to be con)bated
and the struggle is being roade by tbe same n)en.
During this year the skin of Dan Burns is not changed. He bas
not softened the stains of a dishonest private life nor the dishonor of a
corrupt public career. He is no less an embezzler and defaulter now
than be was then. h\e is no less a type of all that is discreditable in pub
lic life now tban he was then, and the newspapers of the State are
sounding tbe alarm to warn all decent njen of the roenace of bis auda
cious campaign hje has received no new strength and again be must
be crushed by tbe blows of honest roen.
One year ago fifty-five men in the State Legislature could not rec
oncilotheir principles of honesty and their hope of an honorablejuture
with a vote for Dan Burns. Nor can they do so now, and they will know,
as the State must know, that if they falter or fail in the great battle be
fore them only one cause can accomplish their undoing — bribery in its
lowest, most contemptible form — a bribery by coin that will forever brand
the faltering ones as men that had been bought with money, and that
money supplied by the Southern Pacific Company. Not one of these
fifty-five Republicans can dare to accept this judgment of betrayal, yet it
is the only judgment that can be made and which will be made to point a
derelict to a future worse than oblivion.
Followers of Brazen Senatorial Aspirant Sign
Call That Is His Political Death Warrant.
MEXICAN WILL GO TO
SLAUGHTER IN CAUCUS
Triumph of Victorious Opposition
Soon to Be Registered.
GOEBEL ASSASSINATED AND LATER
DECLARED GOVERNOR OF KENTUCKY
SHOT WHILE
ON THE WAY
TO CAPITOL
The Assailant Uses
Smokeless Powder
and Fires From the
Third Story of the
State Executive
Building— Was Shot
Through the Lung.
May Not Survive.
SCENE OF THE SHOOTING.
The building on th© left Is th© Capitol, toward which Senator Goebel was
walking from th© etreet when shot- On th© right is th© executiv© building,
from one of the upper windows of which the shots were fired.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Jan. S").— While i
walk.i j; throngl! th© Capitol protinds '.
r.n hie way to the Capitol 'building.
at ten minutes after 11 o'clock thi»
morning. William Goebel. the Dem
ocratic contestant for Governor of Ken
tucky, wae shot down and very danger- ;
ously wounded.
Harland Whittaker. a farmer from But-
Kr County, the home of Governor Taylor,
Is now In jail in Louisville charged with
the crime. There Is no direct evidence
bgaJrifct Whittaker and he was placed un
c>r arrest more because he was caught
around the Cap! Tel building when the shots
were flred than for any other apparent
reason. He denied In the most positive
manner that he had any connection with
thm shoo'Jr.g or kr.ew anything about It.
He was running toward the scene of the
thooting and net away from It when he-
Vit caught and arrested. . . .
Penaior Gopfael was wounded by a rifl©
l«il of small caliber, not over .SB. which
t-tmck him In the right side Just below
the armpit. The ball paesed through th©
back, part of the right lung, across the
l»ofly m a diagonal line, passing out below
the left ehoulder-blade. No vital organs
•w««Te injured except the right lung.
Mr. Goebel wat on his v.ay to the S«.n
at«* chamber, in company with Colonel
Jack Chirm and Warden Eph Lillard of
The Franicfort Penitentiary. Mr. Lillard
¦was a few feet In advance of Goebel and
«.."hinn, who were walk! »g 'side' by side.
G<">ebel being on th« right and Chirm
upon the left.
From the outer efige of the Capitol
prounds to the stf>ps of the Capitol the
distance Is about 300 feet. Two-thirds of
this had been passed and the men were
•walking slowly, when suddenly a shot
rang out from a large three-story building
which stands fifty feet east of the Capitol
building. This building Is used for offices
by nearly all the leading "officials of the
State. Governor Taylor and the Secretary
of State having rooms on th© flm floor.
As the shot wa* heart Goebel gave a
culck. Involuntary exclamation of pain
end rr.nAo an effort to draw his revolver.
His strength was unequal to the task,
however, and he sank upon th© pavement.
With gTeat rapidity several more shots
vert fired, th© bullets all striking the
brick eldewalk cloe© to where Goebel lay.
of them touched him. however. Lol
lard hastily turned around to aid Goebel,
who was supported by Chirm. who had his
arms about him almost as soon as he
touched the pavement.
"Get help." said Chirm to LUiard; and,
turning to Goebel, he asked:
"Ar© you hurt. Goebel: did they get
you?"
"They have got me this time," replied
Mr. Goebel. "I guess they have killed
me."
In less than a minute a crowd of men
vaj around Goebel. He was losing much
bl'»od and was becoming very weak. H*
was hastily carried to the office of Dr. E.
JZ. Hume, In the basement of the Capitol
Hotel and about 1000 fe©t away from the
bpot* where the snooting occurred. Here"
he was laid on a sofa while Dr. Hume
made a hasty examinaton, pronouncing
the wound to be of a nature that must
cause death in a short time. Mr. Goebel,
who showed great fortitude and courage
throughout, smiled weakly as he heard
th© verdict and feebly rolled his head
from side to side in token of dissent from
the opinion expressed by the physician.
He was then carried to his room on the
second floor of the Capitol Hotel and in
addition to Dr. Hume Drs. McCormick
and Ely were summoned to attend him.
After a careful examination of the wound
the doctors announced that while exceed
ingly dangerous it was not necessarily
fa.La.l unless complications •or blood-poi
soning should set in. ' The patient himself
kept up his courage; insisting again and
again that he was not going to die.
It was decided by his friends to call
In the services also of Dr. McMurty, a
prominent eurgeon of Louisville, and
urgent messages were at once sent for
him. After the wound had been dressed
Senator Goebel Phowed great exhaustion
and it was announced by the physicians
that he would In all probability die with
in a short time. He rallied, however, and
under the influence of an opiate sank into
a gentle slumber which lasted several
hours.
The bullet which struck Goebel was
fired from a window in the center of the
three-s>tory office building just east of the
Capitol. That window was raised about
eight inches from the sill to permit an
unobstructed passage for the bullet when
Goebel should come within rang». Both
Chirm and Llllard assert that while the
first shot came from the direction of the
window in the third story thero were
other shots fired from different portions
of the same building. Some of those who
heard the shots say that at least one shot
was flred from the office of the Secretary
of State. This, however, is not true, as
there were men In the office of the Sec
retary of State who rushed to the window
as soon as the shots were heard and all
of them declare that there was.no shot
flred a.t all from that part of the building.'
The window in the third story waa left
open, no effort having been made to close
it by the would-be assassin, while not
another window in the buildinr was
opened, nor were there any places where
bullets had been fired through them.
Whittaker was arrested as he came
down the steps on the east side of the
State Office building, directly below the
window from which the shots had been
fired. He reached the sidewalk and was
hastening toward the scene of the shoot-
Ing when h e was met by John E. Miles,
who is 76 years of age. Without hesita
tion Miles threw himself upon Whittaker.
winding his arms about him and calling
loudly for help. It was right at hand am!
in an instant Whittaker was surrounded
by & group of men, many of them with
FRAKTKFORT, Ky., Jan. SL— A
physician from Senator Goebel's
bedside at 2:10 a. m. says there has
been no change in his condition for
two hours; that he is in a precari
ous condition.
Other information from the Sen
ator's room Is that, should - bis
wound prove fatal. It will be be
tween 6 and 7 o'clock this morning.
"He has Internal hemorrhages,"
said Dr. Hume, "and we are una
ble to stop them. Unless we do so
his death is a Question of a very
short time. We have taken from
him over a pint of blood, and there
are symptoms of the gravest char
acter. There Is hardly a .chance
ihat he can live "through' the' night, "
and practically none that he will re
cover."
drawn revolvers. He made no attempt to
escape, knowing well that the slightest
attempt to do so would have brought a
dozen bullets into his body. He submitted
quietly to a search which was quickly
made of his clothing, the proceeds being
three revolvers and a big knife. A
quick examination of the revolvers showed
none of the cartridges had been used and
there was no powder smut on any of his
weapons, proving conclusively that he
could not have used any of his three re
volvers. In addition to this, all those who
heard the shots join in the statement that
they were from a rifle and from a smaller
weapon.'
Whittaker was quickly led away and
placed in Jail, while a guard was placed
at the outer entrance to keep out all peo
ple who had no connection with the insti
tution.
The prisoner is a man slightly over the
medium size, with sandy hair and mous
tache. He was disposed to take things
calmly, although he repeated again and
again that he knew nothing whatever
about the shooting.
"I was on the first floor of the building,"
ho t.aid, "when I heard Governor Taylor
tell that man Davis, the Capitol policeman,
to go over at once to see General Collier.
I said I would go with him and that was
where I was going. I wanted to know,
too, what the shooting was about. When
I stepped outside that man grabbed me
and that is all 1 know about it, and that
is a fact."
Few people bellev© Whittaker is guilty,
but the fact that he was hastily leaving
the building from which the shooting was
done Is enough to cast suspicion on him.
"That mail Davis," to whom Whittaker
referred, is Colonel John Davis, the cus
todian of the Capitol grounds. His story
agrees with that of Whittaker.
"I was Just outside of Governor Taylor's
office," said Colonel Davis, "when I heard
the shots and heard Governor Taylor say,
'My God, what have they done?" ¦He
called to me to at once go over to the
office of Adjutant General Collier, and
Whlttaker went along. I am positive that
he could not have done the shooting. We
were at the door of the building in too
short a time for that."
As soon as It waa known that the bullet
which struck down Goebel had come from
the building to the east a group of men
gathered in front of the door on the east
side. Others ran around to the door on
the west side to prevent the escape of
anybody from there. Several men at
tempted to enter the dix>rs from the out
side, but were prevented by groups of
mountaineers, who stood in the doorways.
Some of these men had Winchesters in
their hands and presented an aspect so
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 31.— Martial law will be declared in Frankfort at 6 o'clock this
morning and the. session of the Legislature at which the Democrats have determined to seat
Goebel will be stopped by the military. One of the highest officers with the troops said:
"The Legislature says it is going to meet at 10 o'clock. Maybe it will, but whatever it
does, it will not unseat Governor Taylor to-day."
Soldiers have been arriving at intervals all night. Three hundred men of the Louis
ville Legion arrived at 11 o'clock and the company from Covington came at 1:30 this morn
ing. Numerous other organizations are expected. About 600 men are here now.
DECISION
IS IN HIS
FAVOR
If the Wounded Man
Lives His^Support
ers Will Attempt to
Place Him in the
Chief Executive's
Chair at Once—Re
publicans-Seek an
Injunction.
7— >RANKFORT Ky., Jan. 80.— While
I i William Goebel lay at the point of
M death in his room as the result of
I an assassin's bullet,, the contesting
boards which for two weeks had
' been listening to the evidence in his
contest for the Governor's chair, declared
him entitled to the seat. The boards hav
ing in charge the contests between Goebel
and Taylor for Governor and Beckham
and Marshall for Lieutenant Governor
met at 7 o'clock to-night In the City Hall.
A few legal authorities were read to
them at the request of Senator Allen, who
wished light shed upon a few doubtful
points. The vote was then taken, and by
a 6trict party vote of 10 to 1 William Goe
bel was declared to have been legally
elected Governor of Kentucky. . . . . .
The Beckham-Marshall contest was
then voted upon, and a strict party vote
of 9 to 2 settled this matter. No announce
ment was made of the reasons leading up
to the report being made to-night, the
boards taking everything at one leap.
Each one of the members of both com
mittees announced that he had made up
his mind as to the merits of the case and
voted promptly as his name was called.
In the contest for Governor, Representa
tive Tarberry was the one vote in favor
of Taylor, and in* the Beckham-Marshall
contest Reid and Lilly were with Mar
shall.
An effort was made by a number of
Democrats to get together a quorum of
both houses, hold a night 1 session, hear
the reports of the two committees at once
and adopt, them, and declare Goebel the
Governor of Kentucky before morning.
They were anxious to giv;' him, the honor
befoi c he'Sted.' - So many "egifclatcrs hati
gone to Louisville and Lexington for the
night that it was found impossible to
carry out the programme. It Is a cer
tainty that Goebel will be made Governor
to-morrow If he is alive.
The attempted assasinatlon of Senator
Goebel had precluded the advisability of
a sitting of the contest boards this after
noon, but to-night the boards met in the
City Hall, being kept out of the Capitol
building by the militia. It was a solemn
assemblage of men who composed the
gathering. Mr. Edelen. one of Governor
Taylor"s counsel, said that it would be
idle to argue the case in view of the
state of mind, generally prevalent.
Mr. Edelen and Colonel W. C. P. Breck
inridge were the only attorneys of Gov
ernor Taylor present. Mr. Edelen, in ask
ing for a postponement, stated that he did
so on his own responsibility, not having
had time to confer with his colleagues.
Colonel Bennett H. Young, for the con
testants, followed Mr. Edelen, and said
the contestants waived the right of argu
ment, and would make none.
Colonel Brecklnrldge said he had ad
dressed a communication to the chairmen
of the two boards, setting forth reasons
why the argument should not proceed.
He said that the lives of the attorneys
for Governor Taylor had been threatened.
"I have no fear for my personal
safety," said Breckinrldge. "I have felt
that I should be here and no threats can
deter me from what I regard as my duty.
These threats, however, came from a
eource entitling them to serious consider
ation."
The rest of the counsel had agreed not
to appear at the meeting, as the dastardly
crime committed might be repeated un
der cover of darkness.
Edelen stated that he entertained no
fears for ' his personal safety.
Chairman Hlckman responded that he
thought the 1 attorneys were perfectly
safe.
Lilly, the Republican member of the
Lieutenant Governor contest board, ad
dressed the boards. He said:
"No heart is more pained than mine
over the occurrence of to-day. I want to
say that my mind is made up in this case
and ten years of argument could not
change it. Assassination is a crime of the
most, heinous character and I can under
no circumstances fail to express the utter
contempt for its perpetrators and insti
gators. The political debates arouse pas
sion. I feel it myself and so does each of
you. Nothing that could be said would
have a good influence."
The Republicans will, probably, as Boon
as the decision is rendered in favor of
Goebel, make application in the United
States Circuit Court at Cincinnati for an
injunction restraining Goebel and Beck
ham from taking their seats and the bat
tle will then be 'continued before Judge
Taf t of that court. •
The Republican attorneys and Governor
Taylor are confident that at least a tem
porary injunction will be granted and that
ultimate victory will be in their favor.
The grounds upon which the Injunction
will be asked are the prejudice of the
legislative body, the ' alleged unfltness of
several members of the contest boards to
sit in Judgment upon the case and several
other grounds which they declined to dis
cuss to-night.
generally uninviting that no attempt was
made to. enter the building and no one
gained entrance until several minutes af
ter the shooting had been done and the
assassin had had ample opportunity to
escape.
That the shooting of Goebel waa
the result of a carefully laid plan
Is without question. The man who
did the work had evidently taken
his stand af the . window, which had
previously been raised in order to allow
the free passage of- the bullet, and waited
until his victim was in full sight before
firing. Ever since the influx of mountain
eers last week a large number of them
Continued on Twelfth Pace
LEGISLATORS IN STRIKING ATTITUDES.
VOLUME LXXXVTI — NO. 62.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN -FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLpose of considering the bills for the Im
provement of the water front of San Fran
cisco. ¦ _^ :.':«".-
when the call is circulated in both houses.
On Thursday night, therefore. Dan Burns
T.iJI receive his order to retire. He will
kr.cw then his indecent presumption is re
sented ijy decent iren; that, he cannot Jn
impunity thrust his offensive - political
methods under the noses of men who
value their reputations; that he is not
such a man that the people of California
care to be pointed out as a type of them
selves and their leader. It should not. be
forgotten that In this superb fight the
forces in opposition to Burns have hail no
thought of uniting upon a single candi
date. They are concerned now In remov
ing an obnoxious presence from further
consideration and annoyance. When that
is done they will labor to secure a man
whose ability will be. his warrant for his
ambition, whose character will ,be his
pledge for worthy repre«entatl6n ipf Cali
fornia In the councils of- the nation. The
surest Indlcatiorw thai, , the defpat of / the
Mexican As acknowledged in ' the . railroad
camp ir- 'the attitude of residuary legatees
of the JRurns political estate. ' A ;few days
ago George A: .Knight was here and re
ceived .voluntary assurances of several
members of the Legislature that they
would vote for him with a great deal of
pleasure If second choice honors should be
called for. Samuel M. Shortridge, who
withdrew from the Senatorial content
three years ago In order to give Senator
Perkins* the honor of unanimous choice In
the field, would not decline votes from
any camp of the contest."
It is true that Mr. Shortrldge had only
one vote when he gracefully yielded to
the desires of Senator Perkins. That one
vote waa possessed by an orator of no
mean attainments. Senator Morehouae
was Mr. Shortridge'e eloquent supporter
In that campaign, and great was the Joy
of all lovers of clean and pure oratory
that the speech which the Senator pre
pared to place Mr. Shortrldge in nomina
tion before the Senate was not lost to the
world, for it so happened that the Santa
Clara orator changed a few of the Intro
ductory sentences and fired oft the ora
tion as a speech withdrawing Mr. Short
ridge from the fray. The fact that silent
candidates are here for the favor of
Burns signifies that the cause of the Mex
ican is lost. Burns will dicker and bar
gain to regain some of his lost prestige
in the political arena, but he Is no longer
a dangerous enemy as a candidate for
Senatorial honors.
Ex-Surveyor General Brown comes. to
Sacramento occasionally as the confiden
tial agent of Herrln., :It lapart of his
duty to ascertain for Herrin If the touts
report the real inside truth concerning the
situation to the law department of the
railroad. One year ago the touts told
many lies to Herrin and Brown proved to
Herrin by indisputable evidence that the
touts lied when they reported that Burns
would get the votes of certain men In the
Legislature. It is presumed that Gen
eral .Brown; who .arrived here to-day, will
forthwith report the Mexican's chances
of success have vanished At Jack
Wright's office Brown saw Burns, and it
is surmised that one of the old-time con
versations between Herrin and Burns waa
carried on over the wire, while Brown waa
present. 'A .-¦¦-'-
After twenty-five or,, thirty members
who are opposed to the election of Burns
had signed the call for the caucus, a pro-
SIMPSON PLEADS
FOB PATRONAGE
Tells the Senate of His
Predicament.
*»P»rtal Difj-atch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 30.— The Senate expects to
pet down to work in earnest by to-nv>r
row. A number of bill? were tntrodufed
to-day, but the proceedings of the si.-?— ion
vere brief and barren of exciting incident
with the exception of Senator Simpson's
plea for a slice of patrorafie to pacify a
horde of hungry constituents. While the
patronage committee was at work yester
day the Senator was too busy accumu
lating legislative animation to put In a
claim for his slice of the pie. When tie
learned this morning that the whole busi
ness had been fettled and that he had
l>een left on the outside the seriousness
cif the situation dawned upon him sud
denly.
He told the Senate of the predicament
in which he was placed, of the promises
he had made, and pleaded that some uf
the attaches be discharged so that his foi
lowers could be placed. Senator Taylor ot
Alameda, who looks upon the humorous
fide of every incident, advised that the
Senate adopt" a resolution absolving Simp
son from his promises. The Senator f:om
the Fouth threw up his hands at the sug-
FeFtion and sank into his seat In despair.
Senator Cutter presented a resolution
fixinp the date of adjournment at Febru
ary Id. Senator l»avi? moved to refer it to
the Committee on Rules and Revision,
lut a motion by Bulla to delay considera
tion until to-moirow prevailed.
The bli!s presented were as follows:
By Curtla— To repeal the act to regulate
the' width of tires to be used on wagona
on the public highways of CaJifornia.
By Cutter— Creating the office of Com
missioner of Public Works.
By Cutter— Creating a.n Auditing Beard
the Commissioner of Public Works.
Jy Wolfe— To amend an act relating to
iiie"State Board of Harbor Commissioner!.
end also to amend the pection of the Po
litical Code denning the powers of the
Harbor Commif-rloners.
The following standing committees were
announced by Lieutenant Governor Nefl:
Attaches. Contingent Expenses and Mlle
cpe—Flint. Bulla" and Prisk.
Commerce, Harbors and Rivers — Short
riflpe. I>eavitt. Gillette. Nutt. Bulla, Bett
man. Sims. Draunhart and Doiv.
Enrolled ud Engrossed Bill*— Jones,
lioey and Feeney.
ASSEMBLYMAN McDONALD
NOT IN THE BURNS CAMP
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRAMENTO, Jan.
30. — Assemblyman McDonald of Livermore. Alameda
Zounty, denies that he has given the Burns people any rea
son to believe that he was with the Colonel in his Senato
rial fight. He will be guided by the wishes of his constitu
ents in the matter, and he does not believe that they favor
the man from Mexico.
"It appears to me," said Assemblyman McDonald this
evening, "that the Burns people are claiming the earth,
while they do not control a corner of it.. I have never
promised to vote for him, nor have I done* anything that
would lead his managers .to believe that I was with him. No
one will know exactly where I stand until the balloting be
gins next Tuesday. I have not even agreed to go into cau
cus. I have refused to sign the anti-Burns agreement or
any other document that would tend to bind me_do\vn to
any proposition.
"Most decidedly I will be guided in a measure by the
wishes of my constituents. I have received some telegrams
from home advising me. not to vote for Burns and I am ex
riprtmcr mstiv ninrp nf n likp nature
. Executive Communications and Nom!r./i
tlon?--Burnett. MorehouEe and lioyc**.
Finance and Claims — Dickinson. Smith,
Bulla. Wolf. L.uohelnger. Kowell. Flint.
'Goad. I'riek, L-engford. I>a Rup. I^avlu
and Sims.
Hospital. Health and Quarantine— R)
well. Matr^ard. Nutt. Pa<-e .irid Ashp.
Judiciary— Gillette, DfcVt*. Stratmn.
.Mor^house. Bulla. Dickinson, Wolfe,
Nutt. Cutter, Uoyce. Taylor. Sims. A*bt?,
¦Smith. Curtin ar.d Simpson.
. Mines, Drainage and Dc-brle— Davis, Cut
ter, Laird, Chapman and Pr!i=k.
' Rul«-s and Revision— Bettman. Trout
• prid Hall.
NofT appointed the followlrjr porter* : J.
'P. Kraser. H»-nry Clay. A. Noble, J. C.
•Carter. William Rogers. William Cowan
.and <:. W. tfewbert. '.
Announcement was made that th'? fol
low inp' had bf-.'Ti selfotfd ar ti:>.jr<"-s: Krnnk
Morritt. J. M. Oilman. Roid Haxter. Cs
m< nd Smith. Dor. J. Shields and Burcliell
T'pson.
. R«»c«'S--s was taken until to-morrow morn-
Ing at 11 o'clock.
So from the Burns headquarters strange
stories canie floating during the late after
noon and early evening. The faithful were
Industrious and had been coached.
The old air of confidence 'and arrogant
assertion had vanished. The old claims
party law to Insist upon a caucus; it was
upon him that the lash fell and during the
afternoon there was the gloom of Inaction
in his headquarters.
Then little by little, the power to act re
turned to the Mexican and his followers.
Defeat Is a bitter pill, but ostracism from
the party he has polluted is worse, and he
wishes, If possible, to retain something
of tho bopsism he has held in the Repub
lican party. He wants 6oin«'thing of his
dishonest power. If It be only a shadow.
Then, again, he believes that some turn
of political fortune may give him a pro
prietary interest In the victor, even If it
be a email one.
SECOND DAY IN
THE ASSEMBLY
No Business of Impor
tance Transacted.
Special EUspatch to Th» Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— Nine of tha bills indi
cated by the Governor "in his proclama
tion were offered in the Assembly to-day
and were at once sent to print. No othei
business of any importance was transact
ed,.and at an early hour this afternoon
adjournment was taken to 11 o'clock to
morrow morning. . ; ¦
Johnson of Sacramento handed up As
sembly bills Noa. 1 and 2. The first is an
act entitled "An act to amend section 3494
of the Political Code," relating to the sal*i
of public lands.
Assembly bill No. 2 Is an act to add to
the code a new section, to b« known &¦*
section 3494^2, empowering the Governor
to at any time suspend the sale of public
la,nd3 belonging to the State.
Assembly bill No. 3 by Belshaw. author
izes the transfer of $30,000 now in the d»
pot sinking fund to the Harbor Comrais
mtnrt
Dunlap offered Assembly bill r»o. 7,
which provides for the same action.
Assembly bill No. 4, by Melick, repeal*
the old wide tire law and makes numer
ous modifications in requirements and pen
alties.
The Harbor .Commission . bill. Assembly
bill' No. 5. was introduced by Dunlap. as
was Assembly bill No. 6. relating to the
manner in which funds may be expended
by the Board ot Harbor Commissioners.
Assembly bills Nos. 8 and 9, by Kaub,
create the position of Commissioner of
Public Works and outline the line of woik
such • officer shall follow. In conjunction
wtth the Auditing Board to the Commia
stoner of Public Works.
Johnson introduced a resolution allow
ing each member the sum of $23 for con
tingent expenses.- and the Controller was
directed to charge against the account or
each member the amount of stationery
and supplies drawn. A second resolution
placed a limit of J2O upon the requisitions
to be made by the committees to which
work has been assigned.
In the afternoon Valentine or Los An
geles announced that the appropriation
bill for extra session expense wouid not
be ready until to-morrow morninsr. an<l
upon motion of Dibble adjournment waa
ordered.
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take Laxative Bromu Quinlnn Tablets. Ail
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure,
ti. \V. Grove's (signature ia on each box. Sic
Dull Day in the House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 80.— The House
was In session a little over one hour to
day, and only business of minor import
ance waa transacted. ! .
Riordan at Cairo.
NEW YORK, Jan. 80.— Archbishop Rlor
dan and party from San Francisco ar
rived at Cairo at the beginning of the
year and are at the Savoy Hotel. '
PLAGUE IS UNDER
CONTROL AT HONOLULU
No New Cases Reported Since Janu
ary 17 and a Feeling of Se
curity. Prevails. :- v^-
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan.-. 80.—
t Tho Japanese steamer Nanyo Maru ar
'rlved this evening from - Honolulu bring
ing forty-eight passengers. She had a
clean bill of health from the American
authorities at Honolulu. Her officers re
port that on January 17, the day she
sailed, the bubonic plague was under con
trol, no new cases having been reported,
and that a feeling of security prevailed
at Honolulu.
were abandoned. There was a concilia
tory, almost supplicating tone in the
.voices of Mexican Dan's herders. The
colonel, they said, with absurd gravity, is
a Republican taking a Republican chance
in a Republican way. If he were not
elected somebody else would be, and after
ail. they were all good Republicans.
¦ ; Even the other candidates who are pos
sibilities were damned with faint pfaiae.
Defeat sat gloomily In the very head
quarters of the Mexican himself. He dare
not be again the dog In the manger, but
he feels that the battle has been foupht
and lost. So, making a virtue of neces
sity, he ordered his followers In. the Sen
ate and Assembly to sign the call that Is
his death warrant in political life. He or
dered his cluquers to shout that, tnfe* .cau
cus was just what he wanted. Smilingly
their names were affixed to the document
drafted and circulated by the decent men
that are using their powers to whip out
of the public gaze a man whose presence
Is an insult. And those smiles were the
smiles of the ever-laughing gambler who,
win or lose, was always In the semblance
of good nature. But, he explained to an
inquiring friend, there Is tho difference
between night and day In the smiles. 83
:le c«!l -a-i cir.« lated and signed, and
the ea - jen« will bo rel<» on Thursday night.
Not all the names necessary were ob
tained to-nlj;ht, biit there will' ho no dif
ficulty in obtaining the rest to-raorrow.
4tC Dende Not Any
Man's Infirmities."
Tell him, rather, how to get rid of them.
Most infirmities come from bad blood and
are cured by Hood's Sarsaparilla. - Et>ery
person *who has scrofula, salt rheum,
humors, catarrh, dyspepsia or rheumatism
should at once begin taking this medicine
tha tthe infirmity may be promptly removed.
impure Blood — " / ¦was troubled
<a>ith pimples, resulting from impure blood.
Since taking four bottles of Hood's Sar-
saparilla, my blood is thoroughly purified
and. the pimples have disappeared.- Jam
<a>elt." W. H. MalUns, SteubenvZle, O.
Relieve jj^ffifoK. ' KelleTe
Estitma, 01^
BionclilllB,HfflßlBoreTliniat,
Coogtis, Hoarseness.
In boxes only— Never sold In bulk.
MEXICAN WILL GO TO
SLAUGHTER IN CAUCUS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 20.— The splendid
forces which ar« now In victorious
opposition to D. M. Burns have fol
lowed their first tremendous advan
tage by demanding. as The Call
anrounrrd this morning they would do,
the test for a second. They declared that
they had accomplished the defeat of the
Mexican and were ready to register their
triumph in a caucus. Bo this murning.
when they drafted a resolution calling for
a caucus for Thursday nlsht. the rabble
that makes noisy the headquarters of
Hums was dumfounded. The Issue of
the extra repsion was before the Mexican
in all its etriousiieai? and he was unpre
pared to me*?t H. His bluff and bluster
had counted for nothing. The phantom
Btreoxtb of which he has boasted was as
thin as the air he breathes. He was called
at hi? own game and for many hours to
day confusion and indecision reigned at
his headquarters. He was on the horns
if a dilemma and knew not which one
to accept. If he refused to permit his
chattels to po Into a caucus he stultified
himself— made himself ridiculous to those
who have accepted him as a political ora
cle and banished himself from the politi
cal party in which his presence ha,s been
a Ftain. On the other hand. If he' went
into caucus, he went ' deliberately to
slaughter— to an ignominous defeat. He
knew that the men opposed to him had
been emphatically against a caucus while
there was the slightest chance of his vic
tory. They refused to discuss the propo
sition in any form. When they discov
ered to-day, however, that they have
votes enough and to spare to defeat
Burns, they drafted and circulated the
call for a caucus. They were forcing
Burns with nothing In his hand to a
ehowdown. It was he who had been
j=h<-iutlnsr for a caucus; It was he who was
cracking the party whip and reading the
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMEXTO, Cat,
Jan. 30.— "I am not pledged to Burns; Ido not now
intend to vote for him. So far as that's concerned, I never
shall, no matter what the considerations. I have not signed
the anti-Burns pledge and will not, for sufficient reasons,
which I do not choose to make known. Neither will I sign
the caucus call, for the same reasons. But I will go into
caucus as soon as a caucus shall be called."
Assemblyman Milice of Riverside County was em
phatic or nothing when to-night he took occasion to deny
the claims made by the touts of Burns that they had him
on the shelf to be used when wanted. To a representative of
The Call he made the foregoing statement, and made it
without qualification. Taking advantage of the fact that
he had declined to sign the pledge of the opposition, the
Burns people have been proclaiming loudly these last few
days that Milice was theirs. They ignored the fact that
Milice's constituents are unanimous in their opposition to
the Mexican, and that Milice has made a reputation since
his arrival at the capital by faithfully acting as the repre
sentative of his home people. To-night, however, he tired
of their boastings and declared himself.
As a result of our inventory January Ist, we announce prices oa
goods in over-supply, guaranteed below regular usual market values at
wholesale 25 per oent less than the same goods can be duplioated in Cali-
fornia, quality guaranteed or money cheerfully refunded, until sold or
withdrawn.
Lot No. 1234 — Adriatic White Figs, new, equal to any grown in. the State.7J^c
Lot No. 840 — Best Persian Dates in market, new crop*, rich, delicious. .ilb».2ic
Lot No. 2940 — Muscatel Raisins, loose in bulk, worth 7c wholesale ?.6c
Lot No. 44C — California finest French Prunes, size 40-509, 25-lb b0xe3..51.75
Lot No. 76C — Fresno Stock Association goods, London Layers, 3 crown,
20-lb boxes '. $185
Lot No. 33C — London Layer Raisins, 2 crown, 20-lb boxes, per box $1.73
Lot No. 2190 — California's finest Santa Clara stock, genuine French
Prunes, 7 lbs SOC
Lot No. 1610 — German Pears, new, peel on, core in, finest flavored when
cooked, 4 lbs . .' 23c
Lot No. 182S— Apricots, naturally dried and perfect flavor. Will please
any one, 9 lbs .....$l.OO
Lot No. 21C— Finest Imported Citron, per lb 15c
Lot No. 1 122— Sun Dried Peaches in bulk, good, bright stock; 4 lbs for
25c; 17 lbs • $xoc
Lot No. 1040— Thompson's Seedless Raisins, bleached, regularly Isc.i2j4c
Lot No. 1542— Very finest Maleberry Coffee, good strength, full, sound •
flavor, green or raw, 2 lbs 25c: 0 lbs $1.00; sack lots, lb .ioc
Lot No. 1542— Roast Maleberry Coffee, as above described, lll l / 2 lbs 25c:
7 lbs $1.00; sack lots, lb • • ...Isc
Lot No. 249 C —Very finest New York State Corn, sweet and delicious.
new crop, per can ioc; per doz • $1.00
Lot No. 7C— Extra standard, finest table Currants, 2^-lb tins, new goods;
per tin 20c, per doz $2.15
Lot No.. 1 16 C —Choice Maine Corn, newcrop. flavor perfect, color un-
bleached, tin ioc. per doz.. $1.00
Lot No. 08C— Finest Eastern Oysters, largest packed, 25 Oysters to a
tin,. 15c; per doz •• $r.~5
• Lot No. 121 C —Very finest Eastern. Baltimore, Oysters, 50 to a tin; pcr ->;*
?in 25c: per doz • $*.Q5
Lot No. 14C— Finest New York State Bacon, i-lb glass jars, jars worth ."
half the price i 20c
Lot No. 924— Eastern Mackerel in I-lb tm.soused ready for table, per tin.t2 r/acr /ac
Lot No. 4C— Yacht Club Sardines, best packed, tins, per tin 20c;
per "dozen .......'...'.. ¦ $2.10
Lot No. 152C — Solid Packed California Tomatoes, handsomest srood3
packed: tin ioc; doz • • • • • ?i.o>
Lot No. 7C— Purest and best Pear Tarn, 2-lb tins, per tin '.r.?.i<c
Lot No. 20C — Purest and best Raspberry Jelly, 2-lb tins, per tin 20c
In All Lines cash STORE
vILUdU IUI vJdblL hou " e • Ask for cc * tt * io^«- *••*•
V 25-27 Market St., near the Fern,
BURNS IN COMPACT
WITH MATT QUAY
Senator Clark Also in
the Combination.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WASHING
TON, Jan. 30.— The meeting of California*
Legislature in special session, as an
nounced in this morning's dispatches, is
the one topic of discussion In the CalU
fornla colony here. Strangely enough,
Quay's own future yet depends in a meas
ure upon this issue in California.
The Call' correspondent has frequently
wired intimations that there is an under
standing between the friends of Quay and
Burns. Those who understand th© Situa
tion know that such a compact exists. To
those unfamiliar with the broad and lib
eral game of politics, of which Quay it* a
•past master, it may appear singular that
he should rely upon the far distant States
of California and Montana to aid his case.
Yet this is true and the explanation Is
easy. The John AVanamaker crowd has
for months been making a fight against
corrupt politics In Pennsylvania, and re
solved to move heaven and earth to defeat
Quay, the head and front of the Pennsyl
vania machine. Arthur McEwen's letters
to Wanamaker's paper— the Philadelphia
North American— have been devoted chief
ly to Quay's record, with frequent refer
ences to the character of the man who
would be appointed from California should
Quay be seated. This was having tre
mendous effect, especially when it was
known that Clark of Montana, the multi
millionaire, had been taken into the com
bination. Here was a powerful triumvi
rate—Quay, with millions of his own and
powerful industrial interests back of him;
Clark of Montana, the possessor of fabu
lous wealth, and, last but not least.
Colonel Burns, whose ill-gotten wealth
and powerful backing by the Southern Pa
cillc Railroad monopoly made him eligible
for membership In the combine. Tho tri
partite agreement was that they should
stand or fall together. It Is a notorious
fact that Quay's agents and Clark's attor
neys are working hand in glove. Now
for the part that Burns Is expected to
play. Quay, with his shrewdness, per
ceived that Burns' widely published record
was having an injurious effect on his own
prospects. He therefore caused the im
pression to reach certain manipulators of
California politics that he was in grave
danger of defeat by a few votes, but
might be saved if it could be made to ap
pear that Governor Gage had abandoned
his idea of appointing Burns and that the
Legislature would elect Mr. White's suc
cessor. Of course, the Californians real
ized that If Quay were rejected Burns
could not be admitted by the Governor'"
appointment. The California situation
was misrepresented to" Senator Hauna.
The latter was led to believe that the
Legislature certainly would not elect
Burns, and upon being convinced of this
as chairman of the National Republican
Committee agreed to advise the Califor
nia Republicans to elect a Senator. Not
only did the wily Quay succeed in rid
ding himself of the odium of the Burns
unsavory record, but it is well known hare
vision was inserted which will prohibit
the caucus from dropping the lowest man.
The amendment was inserted. at the sug
gestion of Senators Gillette, Stratton,
Smith and Flint, and is designed to guar
antee to members the privilege of voting
for candidates other than the two high
est. Under the operations of the amend
ment the caucus may come to a dead
lock. There is an impression in certain
quarters that Assemblyman Miller of San
Francisco is weakening in his attachment
to the cause of Burns* The anti-Burns
forces will make a mistake IE they attach
miich Importance to the talk that Miller
is not committed to the cause of the
Mexican. Yesterday a member from the
interior who has been reported as favor
able to Burns entered into conversation
with Miller, remarking, "The prospects
for the colonel do not seem very bright."
The remark was made in a whispered and
confidential tone. Miller was thrown off
his guard by the expression of waning
confidence, and at' once replied:
VNever mind my talk that Burns Is not
treating us right. I will be for the colonel
when the balloting begins. This outside
talk Is to create the impression that I
am getting weak and tired."
A Senator stepped down to the Gov
ernor's office this afternoon, and as the
door of the private room of his Excel
lency was open for an instant the Sena
torial vision was delighted at the sight
of Dan Burns, Guy Barham and Gage in
close communion. It is fancied that Gage
Is in favor of legislation which will en
able him to remove from office the Sena
tors and Assemblymen who refuse to vote
for Dan Burns. It is a fine thing to have
a freak Governor, with original Ideas on
the broad subject of executive authority,
to displace recalcitrant office-holders.
TO CONSIDER WATER FRONT
IMPROVEMENT BILLS
Bpeclal Dispatch to Tbe Call
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 30.— The Assembly
Committee on Commerce and Navigation
will meet next Friday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the office of the State Superin
tendent of Public Instruction for the pur-
that there is a tacit understanding: In the
Senate, that a vote In Quay's case will not
he taken until -"after the currency bill is
disposed; of." Of course, the reason for
delay is obvious to everybody. Quay
hopes that by: that time the "California
Legislature will have elected Burns, and
thus he will have one more vote in a close
contest where every one counts. Qtiay's
managers are now claiming he will be
seatad by a narrow margin. It is the
unanimous opinion among Califomlans
here that should Quay be seated" -and
Burns fall of election by California's Leg
islature Governor Gage wiirnot have the
hardihood to appoint the rejected Mexi
can.
j Excess of wealth is cause of covetoua-
I ness.— Marlowe.
REPUBLICANS MUST NOT FALTER NOW IN THEIR DUTY TO THE STATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; JANUARY 31, 1900.
2
SOME OF THE NOTABLES FROM A HUMOROUS POINT OF VIEW.
REPUBLICAN SENATORSHIP CAUCUS TO-MORROW NIGHT.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30. — The call, for a Republican canon* on' the Senatorslilp vran prepared by lead
er* of the nntl-Oarni force*, but wan circulated for the signature of all Republican members of
the.LeKlslatnre. At II o'c.Lock io-nl»?lit fifty-live »lgnatnre» had been obtained.- Followlngr Is t"he
tcit of the call) ! ' ' ;J - ' •*•*. "f ' "¦' '. ';'' ' , vj ¦'.. . • '¦ -¦ . •"' ". . '•; ¦ ¦¦"; . ? . '¦ .
We, the undersigned member" of, the Senate and Assembly of the State of . California,, hereby
Join In a call for a joint caucus of the Republican memberrfthereof upon the question of selecting: a
candidate to be voted for as United States: Senator, to fill the vacancy caused by the. expiration of the
term of office of the Hon. Stephen M. White; mild caucus to be held on <he evening: of Thursday, Feb-
ruary 1, in Department l.of the Supreme Court, State Capitol, Sacramento, at 7:HO o'clock."
It is understood and agreed ¦ that forty-three votes shall -be retjolred to cnrr>'-_ any question or
make any selection of such candidate; It Is further agreed that all votes shall be by Voll call and viva
voee when liemnnded by three members of said caucus; provided -that the right of any member In Much
enncus to vote for the candidate of his choice shall not be abrldgcdfor denied: ¦ .
Thomas Flint Jr., F. E. Dnnlap, J. J. l>nchsinger, . Henry C. nibble, :M. E.'Arnerlch, ;
J. A. Bliss, J. XV. Atherton, Sig M. Bettman. -M. H. ; Bftrry, ".'. JO. ». Marvin, ;
J. R. Knowland. AY. B. Lardner, A up. E. Muenter, Engene- Sullivan, A. M. McDonald,
S. C. Smith, Chester Royfell,' F. W. Learltt, Fred Luntlquist, Joe M. Kelly,
1101.1. \ Itnlln, W. S. Mellek. H. W. 'Miller. \V. H. Cobb, C. G. Cargill,
F. S. Stratton, . A. T. Currier, A. H. Merrill. J. D. KeUey, ' Wm. 11. Rickard,
N. P. Conrey, . F. W. Burnett, Walter A. Clark, J. M. Miller. Cy 11. Doynton,-
J.-.Ti. Gillette. D. H. Trout, Owen Wade, C F. Kenneally, John F. Davis,
H. X. Le Baron, W. F. Maggard, C. W. Merrltt, > C. M. Simpson, W. S. Robinson,
C. 31. Belshaw,' "L. H. Valentine, . W. 11. I. a Barree, L. A. Henry, G. G. Clough.
E. K. Taylor, ...... .v
MILICE DENIES CLAIMS
OF THE BURNS TOUTSMPN AND cIe ' p thmt b«"lnff«
HID r AX enriches
ADVISED the tjooa ln t]iom€
?'H ^fi',» ••ieirents that rive
Call or Write. etrenirth and a rlow
? -? of health. HTJDYAN
cures Catarrh of the
Ctomach and Its Complications.
HUDTAN is for sale by druggists— 6oc a
package, or six package* for J2 50.
If your dru«lrt do»s not ke»p HUDTAN.
»*>nd direct to the. HUDTAN REMEDY CO..
corner Stockton, Ellis and Market sts., San
Francisco, Cal. . .V
I FREE. I Hud y* n Doctor.. Call
4 ?¦ or write to them.
of men's, boys' and children's clothing.
Swellest styles — latest fabrics, direct «
from the mill. We will shortly dis-
continue our
Retail Clothing Dep't
. because we need more room and time
for our increasing wholesale business.
To effect an early closing our prices have
been cut very deep. Sale will not last
long. Buy now; don't delay.
Brown Bros. & Co.
.121-12$ Sansome Street.
be an example of faithful and devoted service.
His family motto Is "Drolt et Loyale," and
his career exemplified its spirit.
General Lawton was born March 17, 1543, In
Manhattan, Lucas County, Ohio. . In youth he
spent a year In Missouri and lowa. At the
opening of the civil war he was residing in
Fort Wayne. Ind., where, on April 16, IS6I,
among the earliest there to respond to Presi
dent Lincoln's call for three months' volun
teers, at the age of 18 years, he enlisted and
was muotered in as sergeant of Company E,
Xlnth Indiana Volunteers. While' in this ser
vice he participated In the engagements at
Phllippl. Laurel Hill, and Carrier's Ford, W.
Va. He was mustered out at the expiration
of the term of service, July 21, 1861. and as
sisted In organizing Company A, Thirtieth In
diana Volunteers, which was mustered into ser
vice on August 20, IS6I, with him the first lieu
tenant; and he served In the Department of
the Ohio under General Buell, and was pro
moted captain in front of Corinth, Miss., on
May 7, 1862. being then 19 years old. He served
In command of this company In all the opera
tions of the Army of the Cumberland until July,
1564 when he was assigned as Inspector of the
staff of General Grose, commanding the Third
Brigade. First Division, Fourth Army Corps
(Army of the Cumberland), in which capacity
he served until November, 1564, when he was
relieved to take command of his regiment.
When It veteranized he was promoted to lieu
tenant colonel November 15, 1864, and com
manded It, and was commissioned a colonel
on February 1 10. 18G5, being then not quite 22
years old. Muster on the colonel's commission
was withheld under the then existing laws,
because the regiment did not have the required
strength. He was brevetted colonel of volun
teers on March 13, 1565. After the surrender
of the Confederate armies he was ordered to
Texas, • where, on account of the good condi
tion and discipline of his regiment, he was
assigned to an Independent command by the
division commander, taking part In every
march, campaign, battle and skirmish In which
it was engaged until mustered out In December,
ICSS.
After the close of the Civil W&r he studied
law and attended the law department of Har
vard University, and while there, after the re
organization of the army, July 28. ISM, he re
ceived an appointment as second lieutenant In
the Forty-first Regular Infantry, which he de
clined: but on April 4. 1867. the appointment
was strain tendered and accepted. After a long
military career, during which he distinguished
himself in campalirns aealnst the Indians, 'be
was appointed on September. 17, 1888, major
and Inspector general, was promoted lieuten
ant colonel and -Inspector general on February
12, ISB9. and colonel and inspector general on
July 17, v 1898, being then a brigadier general
of volunteers la th» 4*14. in. Pnha» ¦ jx« #¦«¦¦»<.
ITENSHATT, BUCKLEY A CO.. Pumps.Steatn and
GMollae Esclnca, Bcllen. 2t and 23 Fremost.
Polyclinic Lecture Course.
The first of the Hearst lectures at the
San Francisco Polydlnic will- be held at
that Institution, 410 mils street, on
Wednesday, February 7, at 8 o'clock p. m. t
by Professor O. M. Stratton of the Uni
versity of California. His subject will be
"Illusions of Normal Life • and Their
Significance.". Tickets can b© procured at
the polycllnic free of charee. • .
A Diversion at Shag Rock.
The drilling and blasting going on over
at Shag Rock was relieved of its monot
ony somewhat yesterday, the diversion be
ing furnished by of the hammer
pwingters. While at work on the floating
barge the man became entangled in some
loese ropes and fell backward into the
water. Not being able to swim, and prob
ably appreciative of his duty toward the
Government, he exercised the alternative
of a pair of lusty lungs, punctuated with
splutters of the ebb tide. He was lassoed
and towed in, not much the worse for his
ducking, and proceeded to thaw himself
out on top of a boiler. Had it not been
for the prompt assistance of his fellow
workmen there would probably have been
one hammer less under Contractor Am
man's direction.
testified that he was at the counter, about
two feet from O'Brien, and saw Salo
mon, who he thought was drunk, pull
the revolver out of his pocket. Witness
ducked just as the report rang out. In
cross-examination Doyle denied that he
had received instructions to prepare for
a fight. He had no weapon in his hand,
only a pencil. He was cautioned twice by
the Judge not to be so flippant in his an
swers.
B. J. Haggrin. chief deputy under Shee
han. testified that he could not tell who
fired the shot, but the report came from
the direction where Salomon was stand
ing. At this stage a continuance was
had till next Wednesday.
O'BRIEN TELLS HOW
SALOMON SHOT HIM
TAX COLLECTOR'S FIGHT RETOLD
IN POLICE COURT.
Preliminary Examination of ths Ac
cused Deputy Commenced Before
Judg*e Cabaniss.
The preliminary examination of Benja
min I. Salomon, chief deputy in the Tax
Collet-tor's office, on the charge _. of as
sault to murder for shooting and wound-
Ing John O'Brien, grocer, during the fight
for possession of the Tax Collector's office
on January 8, was commenced before
Judge Cabanlss yesterday afternoon. Fin
lay Cook, who Is temporarily acting as
Prosecuting Attorney, and District Attor
ney Bylngton conducted the prosecution,
and the defendant wos represented by ex-
Judge Murphy and his father. General
Salomon. '<%»»
John O'Brien testified that ho went to
the Tax Collector's office on the morn
lni? Of January 8 to tell Sheehan that his
eon, who was a deputy In the office,
would not be down that day, as he had
to sing In a choir. He was asked by the
deputies to stay and help them,. as they
expected trouble. He was stationed at the
counter, with- the lep of a chair for a
weapon, with. Instructions to allow no one
to get over the counter. Salomon, he
said, phot him acros3 the.counterr. He
remained In the office about five minutes
after being shot and was then taken to
the Receiving: Hospital. On cross-exami
nation he contradicted himself several
times. He denied that he iiad struck any
one with the lee of the chair before he
was ehot, but said he might have
raised it.
John Doyle, a deputy under Eheohan,
QUIET RECEPTION TO. THE BEREAVED RELATIVES.
WHEN we ear "RUPTURE CXTREXT' w«
mean It. for It Is a fact that tbocsands of cures
have been accomplished by Dr. Plerca's World-
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS durtss the past
twenty-five years. There Is nothing els* Ilka U
on earth! It does the wcrk! Have received sa
many letters and testimonials that wa hardly
know what to do with them all. I: ruptured In-
vestigate at once. Our prices aro reasonable,
but not cheap. We make no discounts. "Dr.
Pierces" Is THE trass, and you casnot tM
happy till you ret It.
Yon. can get our "BOOKLET No. 1" for noth-
ing by calling at the office, or it will bo sent t.i
you on receipt of a 2-c»nt stamp. It tells all
about this TRUSS. Addrrss
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
(20 Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
U Tribune bulldlcg. NEW YORK.
M% CHtCHESTCR'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
Byv/^t>?\BArE. Aiw«r«r»:i»w«. I.«dl<~. vi Dnrifa
AfJiJrail *" CIUCHJiSTEK'S UIiLWI
fc*%**-&?S\ ia KEO til UoIU mtt^lic txixn
T7\ Zptira »"" »'» rlbtwa. Take -o oth«r. Refe M
Tn **«* wjOi t>»ni«r»u« H U b>tltatiai» and Imlta-
I / . \ nj »!•¦•. Bay of yoar Dn«lii. or arad 4e. la
1 *»" Jr «amp« *>r Particular*. Tc-UmonUU
Ww f? •*• "Relief f*rLa<Uea."t»U<ur,ftr r*.
_-\ v y turn .Hail. l<t,ttO« TanttswaUU. Soil by
"•— — 'I anDracgiiu. <hli>hr«trr Chemical Co..
Morton this p«p«r. , Mutloii im»«re. fUIUL^ f H
Wrt.vwvvvvv/AVV.Myvvvvvvvvw
|£^^H^ INJECTION. I
A PERMANENT CURE |
J ! of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea i J
2 tod Gleet, fraaranteed In from 3 to 6 " |
< d*T9 ; no outer treatment required. J .
C Sold by all druggists. *- S
Is not calculated to create a cheerful disposi-
tion A stomach that fails in Its natural func-
tions is usually required to be empty. We
have Pictured above one who suffers from Ca-
tarrh of the stomach. a« will at once be recog-
nized by those who suffer from stomach
tr CAtan* cf the Stomach Is a very serious af-
fection. Its eyrnpt oms are th^se: Fig. 1—
TT»« l ««.ehe Fig 2— Palenefis ana emaciation.
"? 3-O)itM Tongue and Offensive Breath,
fjl' 4_Falp!tatlon of the Heart. Fig. 5-Palns
%r Bow-new in Btomach. or Bloating of Stom-
ach Loss of Appetite. Coßtlveness. Dlrzy
Epells, Tired and Wornout Feeling and Sleep-
I'Aaness are othor rymptome.
A cood digwtion and a cheerful disposition
ro hand In hand. Tou may ponsess both.
lIUDYAN through Its physiological action.
r^Mrh«i all the above conditions.
HUDTAN* will create an appetite; It will
¦ *«=ist nature to prepare for assimilation the
"ood that in taken Into the stomach. Bear In
JnlDd that HUDTAN In not intended to afford
merely temporary roMef: on the contrary.
UUDTAN cure, are P^anent.^
. .g. mote sound sleep, the
Kern Water Works.
Christian R^is. John Jenkin. William
Fardy. Charles R. Albergcr and Samuel
Richmcnd have incorporated the Chirles
Offer Watfr Wcrks. to furnish water for
?he town of Kern, Kern County. The cap
ital stock is $50,000, of which $500 has been
Fubscribefl.
ADVEBTISE2IEIJTS.
en the Thomas. Among them were Mrs. .
Lawton and her four children— Frances,
Katharine, Louise and Manly — who were
living at Manila when the brave general '
met his death. Mrs. K. C. Armstrong,
widow of Major Armstrong, also accom
panied her husband's remains to this |
country. i
The mission of the Thomas was pecu
liarly sad. In compliance with the orders
of General Otis, her only cargo consisted
of the four caskets and the numerous
tributes of "everlastings" that were sent
on board at Manila "by various munici
palities now under undisputed American
rule and by clubs and friends desirous of
showing their esteem and affection for
General Lawton. Manila deeply mourned
the fate of the brave officers, and the
transport brings word that the grief of
Mrs. Lawton and her family was shared
by ever}' element of the mixed population
of Luzon's capital. And when the trans
port left Manila Bay all flags were set at
half-mast and warships In the harbor sa
luted the dead with minute guns.
The central position of the main hold
was fitted up to carry the caskets, and
during the voyage a guard of honor
watched by the honored remains. Each
casket was covered with an American flag
and around the hallowed space was erect
ed a wail of white canvas. The many
tributes not perishable were placed within
the canvas sepulcher and will be con
veyed to Arlington Cemetery.
<3ne of the heavy silken black streamers
bears the inscription in Utters of gold:
"Paranaque Laspinas y Malabay Al Gen
eral Lawton;" another reads. "Manila
Club, with expressions of the deepest
sympathy and regret from the members
of Manila Club— Ermita Dec. 21st. 1899."
A large wreath of black everlastings was
lettered in gold. "Al General Lawton.
Junta Municipal de Bacoor." Another was
from "El Capitan Lara La Companl Mar
itlma." The Red Cross Auxiliary of New
York by Mrs. Henshall, s«nt a wreath to
Manila, and others were From the towns
of Santa Ana, San Felipe and many other
municipalities and from prominent citl
r.ens of Manila.
After leaving Nagasaki the Thomas'
voyage across the Pacific was one of the
most cheerless on record. For twenty
days before sighting the Golden Gate, the
vessel met nothing but strong winds,
enow and mist. Not until inside the heads
were the passengers regaled with a single
hour of sunshine, and the golden rays
seemed almost an inspired welcome and
sympathy to the heartbroken family as
ridge and Lieutenant Conley. These and
Captain King saw the gallant general fall
at San Mateo, and they retell the story of
that dark day In the Philippines as it
has already been told in the dispatches.
"It was into my arms that General
Lawton fell when he was shot," said Cap
tain Sewell. "We had made a night
march, during a violent storm, intending
to finally crush Geronimo in Mariquina
Vailey. Before daybreak December 19
the command, led by. General Lawton,
had reached the head of the valley. The
attack on San Mateo begun at 8 o'clock
and lasted three hours. We had but few
casualties, although the enemy had sev
eral sharpshooters doing all the mischief
they could. The general always wore a
big white helmet and it seemed to us
that all the bullets were directed at him.
I told him of my suspicion, but he merely
laughed as the bullets whizzed by. He
was within 301 yards of a small sharp
shooters' trench. Suddenly he exclaimed,
•I am sfiot.' and while trying to stand
erect he fell into my arms, and a minute
later he was dead. He had been shot
through the lungs."
Captain King also warned the general
that the sharpshooters were clearly mak
ing him a target, aided by his white hel
met, but Lawton replied, "I guess It is
safe to see what they are doing on the
firing line." Ho had not gone fifty feet
when he fell, mortally wounded.
Lieutenant E. L. D. Brecklnridge owes
his life to the heroic thoughtfulnefis of
General Lawton, exere,ci6ed just before
his death. The last act of the brave
leader was to assist Brccklnridge to a
place of safety, after the young lieuten
ant had been shot, and it was while doing
this that Lawton was spied by the Fili
pinos, who at once marked him for death.
"I have that bullet in me yet," said Lieu
tenant Breckinridge. "and had it not been
for Lawton's bravery and unselfishness
we might now be occupying different
places. There was not a soldier in the
command that would not have given his
life to save Lawton."
In announcing the death of. General
Lawton. Inspector General J. C. Breckin
ridge, to which department of the army
the deceased belonged, said:
Amid circumstances calling for high skill
and courage as well a* great energy prompti
tude and endurance to insure the military suc
cess which had become famUtar to him he
wan struck in the heart by a bullet at' the
moment of victory and died almost Immediately.
As far as a soldier can. even to his last act
of devotion, he had in the Spanish war. as in
all ether warn since his childhood, served his
country well and an only a thorough soldier
could; and, p.e he fell, the country has taken
his name an<l fame tr> heart to cherish.
HI3 military virtues and career deserve to
BRYAN WILL BE
THE NOMINEE OF
THE OUTLANDERS
Colonel Irish Talks on
Politics.
WHAT HE SAW IN THE EAST
MIDDLE-0 F-THE-BO AD ME2T WILL
BE EXCLUDED.
Colonel John P. Irish, naval officer at
this port, baa returned from a flying trip
to the East. He made excellent use of
the t'me at his disposal In studying the
trend of political opinion, a task rendered
all the more eas-T becsoze of his intimate
acquaintance with the leading puMlc mwi
of all parties. From what he saw and
heard, he is of the opinion that William
Jrr:r.lr.ps Bryan v.ill be the next nominee
of the "Outland«rs" for the Presidency
of the t'nited States, and that the silver
tongued orator n-ill be defeated worse
than he xvas in lSi*s.
Even the men who are to participate
in his nomination, says the colonel, ad
mit that it will be a perfunctory proceed
ing, because the nomination of the man
from Nebraska car.not be avoided, ar.d the
eampnlpn will be equally perfunctory and
FpintWs. This will come about because
the organization of the Democratic party
Is in Biyan'p ha:ids, and inert- is a feel
ing throughout the country that if any
State phouid evr.d up a delegation of pold
Democrats iwho naturally would !>e op
posed to Hryan) the National <"ommittee.
having charge of the preliminary organ
ization of the convention, will not admit
them, but will seat any delegates that
may be sent up for Bryan.
The programme Is for the Populists to
hold tn^ir national convention first and
nominate Bryan, and there seems to be a
very excellent political reason why this
should be done. The I'opuiists. four years
ago. took Mr. Bryan second hand from the
so-calk-d Democratic National Conven
tion, end the Populists say now that It
1* the turn of the IH-moorats to play
eecor.d fiddle to them and their pro
gramme as arranged. They have arrang
ed also to shut out all Populists opposed
to the programme. In the preliminary
meeting- at Lincoln. Nebr.. where Mr.
Bryan was present for consultation, a no
tice was sent out to the effect that none
of the middle-of-the-road Populists would
be admit t^d either to that conference or
to the national convention, so it has been
arranged in advance that there shall be
r.o toleration of any opposition at all.
When asked as to what was doing on
the Republican sldv. Colonr! Irish replied
that President McKlnley is the voluntary
choice of his party, and that Republicans
are confident of his election by a larger
majority than before. With Bryan as the
nominee of the other combination, both
Delaware ar.d Maryland will choose Mc-
Kfnley electors.
The question was then asked as to ¦what
effect the proposed new Issue of expan
sion would have on the politics of the
country, and Colonel Irish replied that
the matter would be left In a tentative
condition, Fiibject to the future conclu
sion that will have to be readied in pub
lic opinion. The Republican party, hav
lr:p passed the pending measure to guar
antee the gold standard ar.d cut the end
less chain which was the means of the
d^pif'Tion of the gold reswrve in the treas
ury, ¦will appeal stror.Rly to th» support
of the country for Its fidelity to the sound
monry pledge made in ISSB.
Colonel Irish thinks that there is a pros
pect a'ro that the sound money men of
both p.irrlfs will very shortly participate
in further legislation TvhSch will induce
popular reforms' into the banking system.
.This system will treat ranchers, farmers,
fteckmen. miners and similar persons as
business men. f-ntltled to the same con
venience and economical use of their
crc-dlt in ln--sir!''FS as the merchant or
manufacturer The policy Is to discour
age congr-ption of spare capital In a few
cities of the country and distribute it
mon. equally. This will equalize the ad
vantages enjoyed by business men of all
<-!aFf-.es everywhere. When the sound
mor.ey men of all parlies s*-ek to secure
this legislation they are naturally willing
to use any party as the instrument of
their purpose.
"At present," added Colonel Irish, "the
Republican party enjoys the advantage
of being in power, and of having re.
deemed its pledge in relation to the gold
standard, and for sound-money men to
accomplish their beneficent purposes they
must use that party as their instrumen
tality. They are not blind to the political
Culy whlchsuch intended use involves la
thecampaign of this year."
HEROES BROUGHT HOME TO THEIR REST
as assistant In the inspector general's office
in Washington from September, 18SS. until De
cember, IS9S, his accurate Judgment and large
military experience being of invaluable aid in
the performance of the many delicate and im
portant duties of administration, investigation
and inspection. Xor was his activity confined
merely to office duties, but was widely ex
tended and occasionally led effectively toward
Important improvements and reforms relating
to such fundamental questions as the recruit
ing ami remount establishment.
When the war with Spain began he was
serving- as Inspector general of the southern
district and at once asked to be riven service
In the field, and on May 4. IS9B. was appointed
brigadier general of volunteers and assigned
to the command of a division In the Eighth
Army Corps, again under General Shatter,
which was largely composed of regulars. ¦ The
duty assigned to his command was to lead in
the landing, and during the first strategic
march In Cuba, and in July, 1898. his command
was the point d'appul of the operations against
the Spanish forces, which he illustrated so
brilliantly in the gallant capture of El Caney.
Ills able and dauntless work gained for him
the approval of his superiors and the plaudits
both of his fellow-dtlzens and comrades. On
July -8, IS9B, he was made major general of
volunteers. After servlne for a time as mili
tary Governor of Santiago de Cuba he returned
to Washington and was assigned to the com
mand of the Fourth Corps; subsequently 'was
relieved from it and sailed for the Philippine
Islands through the Suez canal in the transport
Grant, In January, 18?9, initiating such a move
ment of American troops, and on his arrival
was assigned to the command of First Divi
sion. Elchth Army Corps. On April 10 he
captured Santa Cruz, a Filipino stronghold.
Soon afterward he led the attack on San Ra
fael, one of the hottest fights of the Insurrec
tion. On June 1, 1599, General Lawton was
placed in command of the defenses of Manila.
Major John A. Logan fell at Zapote
River, near San Jacinto, November 14,
MAHONY TELLS
THE MAYOR HE
WILL STEP OUT
Ready to Quit Public
Works Board.
DENIES PHELAN'S INFLUENCE
SAYS HB CAN2TOT SPABE THE
HEEDED TTJQL
Jeremiah Mahony, member of tha
Board of Public Works, has sent his res
ignation to Mayor Phelan. He will retira
from the board, and tho reason ho gives
is that the duties of the board would re
quire all his time, to the exclusion of h!a
private business. He denies emphatically
that he has any grievance against Mayor
Phelan.
"I went Into the board unpledged as to
appointments." he said at his home last
evening. "I know that much has been,
said in the papers lately about members
oi the city boards being pledged in ad
vance of their appointment. I was not
pledged. If I coulrt not have gone in with
free hands I would not have accepted tha
appointment. Ten days before I took my
seat I told Mayor Phelan that I would
not accept. I accepted only tho afternoon
of the day preceding the announcement
oZ the appointments. I hold that a man
should not be a member of the Board off
Public Works unless he can give all his
time to the duties of the position, for
there is enough to do to tan uj> all his
time if he pay attention to it. I can.
frankly say I cannot altord to give up all
my time, for my private business must be
attended to."
Mr. Mahony was asked If !t was not
true that 1 he had resigned. He denied this
to be true at first, but he would mt deny
that he had sent a letter to Mayor Phe
lan announcing that he would resign.
"That is a matter that It is not proper
for me to discuss at present," he said.
"But you have said that you would re
sign in saying that the duties require that
you should put in all your time as a mem
ber of the board, and that you could not
do this."
Mr. Mahony conceded that he baa
made this admission, but added that h»
had not said he had already resigned. Ha
was careful not to deny he had written
to the Mayor, announcing his intention.
He was Informed that The Call had posi
tive information that he had written such,
a letter, and he would not deny that to
be true.
In addition to the statement that ha
would not continue in the board, Mr. Ma
hony made several statements of gen
eral interest. One was that he was con
vinced that thft charter provision con
cerning the making of a report of work
ing plans for the acquisition of publics
utilities could not be accomplished, in the
period of time allowed — one year. Thero.
would be rights of way to ascertain and
to consider; sources of water supply to bo
found; and cuts. gTades. fills and all tho
details of the preliminary work of the
making of water and light plants on a
3cale commensurate to the wants of the
city would have to be arranged.
"Has Mayor Phelan made any objec
tion to any of your appointments?" was
asked.
"No," was the answer; "he has not.
"Has any disagreement or any dissatis
faction with the Mayor anything to do
with your resignation?"
"No." said Mr. Mahony agaJn.
THE SA]S FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1900.
Just after a successful engagement with
the Insurgents. Mrs. Logan arrived In
this city last Sunday and her three chil
dren came from Monterey to-day. In the
Logan party are Mrs. C. H. Andrews,
mother of Mrs. Logan, Miss Parmiee of
Cleveland. Major »W. F. Tucker and Rob
ert Bentley.
The caskets of General Lawton, Major
Logan and Major Armstrong were taken
to Halstead's parlors on Mission street
last evening, and although they were not
unsealed hundreds of people called to see
them. They were draped with the Stars
and Stripes and the numerous wreaths
and streamers that came over with them
were used as decorations.
On Thursday afternoon the remains will
be escorted to the ferry by the troops of
the Sixth Cavalry, the Signal Corps of
the National Guard and Troop A. National
Guard of California. The remains will be
put aboard a special train, which will stop
one day at Fort Wayne, one day at In
dianapolis and will then go to Washing
ton, where General Lawton's body will be
Interred. The other bodies will be taken
direct to where they will be interred.
Minute guns will be fired from the
United States steamship Marlon, the
Naval Reserve ship, as the bodies are
crossing the bay. There will be no public
services in this city.
An escort of four men from the Thomas
and one trooper from the Presidio will ac
company the bodies east. One of the es
cort will be the bugler who has been with
General Lawton for seventeen years and
who will blow taps over the dead gen
eral's grave in Arlington Cemetery.
THOMAS PASSENGERS.
' The passengers who came in on the
Thomas were:
Mrs. H. W. Lawton, Frances Lawton,
Katherine Lawton, Louise Lawton, Manly
Lawton. Lieutenant Colonel C. E. Ed
wards, Major H. L. Haskell, Mrs. H. L.
Haskell. Captain C. C. Ballou. Captain
E. L. King, Captain Robert Sewell, Chap
lain G. C. Pierce. First Lieutenant E. J.
Conley, First Lieutenant J. B. Clayton.
Second Lieutenant E. L. D. Breckinridge,
Mrs. F. C. Armstrong, Miss Louise I.
Mount, C. L. Pritchett.
Jno other doctors
I Will .Make Snch an-Oifer.
I DR. METERS & CO.'S patients may
deposit the price of a cure In any S&n
Francisco bank, to be pa!<l only a'ter they
are well, or pay la monthly lnsuJlments.
DR. METERS & CO. ere tho only
specialists on ihe Pccific Coast who »
cure diseases and u/eafercss oPJUEJ/l
EXCLUSIVELY.
No Incurable, Cases Taken attAny Price.
IThey Cure the Following Ailments: .
Private Diseases, Blood Poison,
Nervous Debility, Bladder Diseases,,
Hydrocele, Spine Diseases,
Varicocele, Heart Diseases,
Kidney Diseases, Sleeplessness.
Borne Ceres — Free Book.
Thousands of men are cured at horns
every year. Write for frea private 'book,
advice, question list. etc.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MAItKET ST., S. F.
Hours. 8 to 5 <lally. 7 to 8 evenings, 9
to II Sundays. Elevator entrance.
<?^u 111
.|^^3 EMPTY
v
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES,
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS,
SAVE GOLD— Krorn Mfc. Co.. 87 Stevenson
st. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
ENGINES, BOILERS,. ETC.
»™«KXK It HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
lowest prices on the coast. Pln« A Davis sts.
3
The Transport Thomas Coming Up the Harbor.
LAWTON'S OWN
OFFICERS TELL
OF HIS BRAVERY
Manila Mourned as the Transport
Thomas Sailed Away With the
Illustrious Dead.
WHILE minute-guns were sol
emnly moaning /oi> Alcatraz
the United States transport
Thomas slowly steamed up the
harbor yesterday afternoon.
The. transport's special mission was to
bring home the remains of the nation's
illustrious dead— Major General Henry W.
Liwton. Major John A. Logan Jr., Lieu
tenant Edward Taylor and Surgeon Major
F. C. Armstrong. Few passengers came
they looked again on the country for
which the husband and father had yield
ed his life.
The quarantine omeer3 did not subject
the passengers to any unnecessary delay,
and soon after the anchor was dropped
General Shatter went on board and es
corted the Lawton family to his home,
where they will remain until they leave
for Washington on Thursday.
Among the passengers are three of the
staff of General Lawton. They are Cap
tain Robert Sewell. Lieutenant Breckin-COKE! COKE!
F. A. KcDONAI^D.
Common whisky is a curse— the Old Gov-
ernment Is a blessln*. • ,
What a luxury
Pears' soap isi
The cheapest soap
in all the world be-
sides.
HELPING HAND TO WEAK MEN.
Sufferer, reach out and grasp the hand of health while you JJSS^.
have the opportunity. Let it lend you to the sourcs of strength and jfiLT^LlF'i^i* ,jy^
happiness. Let it find for you that which you have lost. Without Txtfr*/
the use of drugs, I cure weaknesses which result from youthful »
error or -later excesses. lam the inventor of the famous home self- <(?^/* y M £wk. «3
Dr. Sanden Electric Belt, -^^^^L
Which is now known and being used throughout the world as a / I EfeSfL^ JgtZi^S ffijly
never failing cure for such complaints as Rheumatism, Lumbago, ' / fMcfg KJluiJHfjaiifl E&&1'
Sciatica, Lame Back, Neuralgia, Varicocele, Seminal Weakness, / F
Shrunken Organs, etc. It is worn at night and cures while you Tf
Beware of concerns and individuals with their wonderful
promises and half-price offers. They are compelled to offer such inducements in order to dispose of their
goods.
. My beautiful little book, "Three Classes of Men," is sent free to any address. Write for it to-day or
call at my office and examine the Belts. Trial treatment free. Office hours 9 to 8, Sundays 10 to 1.
DR. T. A. SANDEN, c o'farrell street,
\\9\i SOUTH SPRINO STREET. LOS ANdELES. CAL. RUSSEL BUILOINO. PORTLAND. CT?.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EMINENT BRITISH SURGEONS GO TO SERVE IN
SOUTH AFHICA.
fering severe loss. The Boer casualties
were two men slightly wounded.
General Groebler reports heavy fighting
since daybreak, the British in great force
endeavoring to surround the Boer posi
tions. General Schoeman hastened to the
assistance of General Groebler. General
Schoeman returned this evening and re
ports that the British were repulsed and
that the Boers held their positions. The
Boer loss was four men slightly and one
man severely wounded. The British loss
Is not known, but must have been severe.
The bombardment of Kimberley contin
ues.
The other Boer forces are reported
quiet.
ENGLAND'S SEA FORCE
MAY BE MOBILIZED
LONDON, Jan. 31, 4 a. m.— lt is now
known that the Cabinet devoted much of
its discussion on Saturday to the mobili
zation of the fleet. Nothing was settled
except that until further security to the
home coasts has been obtained by naval
preparations the Eighth Division shall not
be sent to South Africa.
On Monday the Admiralty Issued orders
that the Channel squadron, instead of
leaving Portland this week for Gibraltar,
as previously directed, shall assemble on
February 5 off Eddystone and proceed to
Bantry *or a fortnight's exercises off the
Irish coast. thU3 keeping in home waters
for a time. This decision to delay the
Eighth Division at a time when reinforce
ments are so urgently required may mean
only that more troops are not yet avail
able and that the division will embark
when the shipping is ready.
The mobilization of reserve warships. If
such a course shall be determined upon,
would be- of the utmost influence. There
is nothing In the intelligence possessed by
the public to cause the. Cabinet's pro
longed discussion of this matter, and the
Inference is that the fleet may be. mob
ilized as a general warning to other coun
tries to keep their hands off the Trans
vaal situation, or that the Ministry may
have definite knowledge that the neutral
powers propose to take some advantages
elsewhere while England is buj«y in South
Africa. . -¦-¦ . -
One thing is certain— ten thousand men
all ready to go to South Africa are de
tained for reasons of which the public has
no knowledge. There Is talk of forty
seven military battalions being embodied.
These are all of the militia not previously
warned. A sharp look-out is being kept
on volunteers for the various South Afri
can regiments. . ?¦¦
The Daily Chronicle says: "Three sus
picious characters were rejected by head
quarters in one regiment on Monday. Two
were unmistakably of Boer origin. The
third, whose English was faulty, had been
a German officer."
Natives report that three Boer guns
have been removed from Spytfonteln to
Kimberley. The Boers are apparently
making a special effort to reduce the
place quickly. The Kimberley garrison
was safe last Sunday.
SPENCER WILKINSON
ON THE SITUATION
LONDON, Jan. 31.— Spencer Wilkinson,
reviewing the military situation. In the
Morning Post, says:
H«re Is again a remarkable scarcity of In
formation about what is taking place In the
theater of war. There must be more than 100
war correspondents at Uie front, but they are
kept silent. The column under General Kelly-
Kenny has occupied Tliebus. about ninety miles
by railway from Colesberg, where General
FVench Is operating, and about forty-five miles
from Htormberg Junction, where the Bo^rs op
posed to General Gatacre are bolleved 'to be.
The strength of General Kelly-Kenny's column
is not told, but as that officer commands the
sixth division, the whole of which \um reached
Cape Town, and as there Is no word of any
part of it having gone to Natal, the probability
Is that the column is Identical with the di
vision. At any rate It Is hoped that this is the
case, and that the last has been heard of
breaking up divisions Into fragments.
The dispatch of this column. If, as must be"
presumed. It Is strong enough for Independent
operations, portends a great deal. In the first
place. It means that the campaign In Natal is
to be left to the care of Itself. For. If the
sixth division Is at Thebus. there la no other
force at Cape Town capable of turning the
balance In Natal. Ladysmith. then. Is not to
be relieved. .Its garrison must hold out as long
as rofslble or make a desperate attempt to
ficht It* way out, unless, indeed. Generai
Buller, with such forces as h« has, tries a third
time to drive back the Boer army.
This does not Imply that the war will be
prolonged and that the Boers are to be given
time to push their advantage In Natal. They
wlll try to overcome Sir Georce White's force
and to take the .offensive against General
Buller. whose army they would. In that case.
perhaps, be able to hold by putting several
parts of their own more mobile force Into po
sitions In hjs front, flank and rear. General
Buller would keep them occupied as long as
his supplies and ammunition lasted.
During these operations the. British forces In
Cape Colony and the reinforcements on the way
would be collected Into an army to march
through the Free State. If that march could
be rapid enough to produce an effect on the
mind of the Boer commander-ln-chlef while
General Buller's force Is still occupying him.
the plan might lead to a decisive result, but
jhere can hardly be a. start fpr another month
and a march through the Free State must take
a month at least. It Is not eaay to-day to fore
see what can happen in Natal by the end of
March.
Meanwhile the mission of General Kelly-
Kenny does not altogether explain' Itself. It
seems a little strange that the new column
ehould not first have been aent to the assistance
of -General French, who has hemmed In a force
of Boers, but finds them reinforced from the
north. Anything like a division added to Gen-*
eral French's force oucht to enable him to
destroy the Boer forces with which he is dealing
by completing his circle around them and then
gradually closing It In upon them.
The formation of a fresh column while this
kind of concentration was possible looks like
a continuation of the old policy of dispersion
General Kelly-Kenny will have to mend the
railway bridge at Steynsburg as he moves east
ward, and as his advance continues he will
enter a hilly and perhaps, difficult country.
AMBULANCES ARRIVE
WITH THE WOUNDED
Special Cable to the Xew York Herald. Copy
right, I!***), by James Gordon Bennett. Re-
Dubllcatlon of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rights reserved In the United Btates and
Great Britain.] ¦• . .
LONDON. Jan. 31.— This dispatch from
its special correspondent is published by
the Daily Telegraph:
SPEARMAN'S CAMP, Saturday, Jan.
24.— There has been a long train of am
bulances arriving at the Spearmans Camp
field hospitals with the . wounded. The
Lancashire Brigade sustained the heav
iest losses. /. -t : '¦•.'¦¦ - '":'.
There was no panic. . The troops retired
from the hill in good order. This morning
several men were shot in returning to
positions held before they carried Splon
Kop. , ¦
Tnornycroft's Mounted Infantry and the
Third Battalion of the King's Royal Rifles
lost heavily. The men of the Imperial
Light Infantry received their baptism of
fire, shooting and killing Boer marksmen
and snipers.
Sergeant Mason of Thornycroft's
Mounted Infantry had a duel with Boers,
who drilled five holes through his helmet.
Sergeant Mason caught three Boers creep
ing up behind him yesterday with fixed
sights. One he instantly killed and then
another. The third took shelter and for
half an hour they exchanged shots. The
Boer hit him in the shoulder, but Mason
returned the compliment and at the next
shot killed his antagonist.
BULLER'S TROOPS
CHEERED BY THE QUEEN
[Special Cable to the New Tork Herald. Copy
right. 1900. by James Gordon . Bennett. Re
. publication of this dispatch is prohibited.
' All rights reserved In the United States and
Great Britain.] • 1
LONDON, Jan. 30.— The Dally Mall pub
lishes this dispatch from Its special cor
respondent!
CAPE TOWN; Jan. 80.— General Buller
yesterday read the following message
from the Queen to General Warren's
force:
"I must express my admiration for the
troops' conduct during the past trying
week, especially those regiments that you
specify, and for the accomplishment of
your arduous march.", .."• - -.*¦
General Buller said to the men that they
ought not to think that because they had
retired from their position all .their work
was of no avail, as In his opinion they
had gained the key to the road to Lady
smith, In which he hoped to be within a
week. : '. '
General Buller then called for cheers for
the Queen, which were heard for miles
around.
GERMANY REJOICING
OVER BRITAIN'S PLIGHT
BERLIN, Jan. 30.— According to private
reporte received h«-e, the Cape Dutch are
still Joining the Boer forces. The German :
press expresses the belief, that Great
Britain has about reached the end of her
military resources, and would do well to
acknowledge defeat and conclude peace.-
The Kreuz Zeltung, which attributes her
reverses largely to the absence of com
pulsory military service, says: '
"Among the most interesting results of
the South African campaign is the.much
denied truth-that the worth of. nations is
weighed In war's balance, arid England, is
already in the midst of catastrophe." •
The Deutsches Tages Zeitung says: "It
is evident that not only General Warren,
but General-Buller's whole force has been
defeated on the TugeJa." This it calls
"the beginning of the end."
Boer Shell Factory Destroyed.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— A special dispatch
from Durban says a refugee who has ar
rived there from Johannesburg says the
destruction of the Boer shell factory at
that place was accomplished on January
20. The Iqss is irreparable.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— The seventh session
of the Fourtenth Parliament of Queen
Victoria opened at 2 p. m., after the cus
tomary formalities. -The Speaker, Wil
liam Court Gully, arrived at the House
of Commons at 1:53 p. m. There 'was a
large attendance of members.* The gen
tleman usher of the Black Rod, General
Sir M. S. Blddulph, summoned the Com
mons to the House of Lords at 2.05 p. m.,
where the Lord High Chancellor, Earl
Halsbury, read the Queen's speech, which
was as follows:
My Lords and Gentlemen: The peace which
had recently been .broken In South Africa when
last I addressed you has unhappily not been
restored, bui otherwise' my relations with other
States are friendly. In reslßtlng thej Invasion
of my South African coloniea by the South
African Republic and Orange Free State, my
people have responded with devotion and en
thusiasm to the appeal which I have made
to them, and the heroism of my soldiers In the
field and my sailors and marines who were
landed to co-operate with them has not
fallen short of the noblest traditions of our
military history.
I am deeply grieved that co many valuable
lives should have fallen as a sacrifice, but I
have witnessed with pride and with heartiest
gratification the patriotic eagerness and spon
taneous loyalty with which my s.ubjects in all
partß of my dominions have come forward to
share In the common defense of their imperial
interests. 1 am confident I shall not look to
them In vain when I exhort them, to sustain
and renew ' their exertions until they have
brought this struggle for the maintenance of
the empire and assertion of Its supremacy in
South Africa to a victorious conclusion.
A treaty has been concluded with the Ger
man Etnperor for the adjustment of the rights
claimed by the two countries In Samoa, Tonga
and other islands in the Pacific. To a portion
of. these stipulations the Government of the
United States has aluo been a party.
A bill will be Introduced at an early date to
give effect to the scheme of federation which
has been adopted after most careful consider
ation by five of my Australian colonies.
I have watched with cordial satisfaction the
gradual development of my greater colonies* In
to eelf-governlng communities. I feel confident
that the establishment of the great federatto,,
of Australia will prove advantageous not only
to the colonies Immediately concerned, but also
to the emiilre at large.
The brilliant courage and soldler-Uke qual
ities of the colonial forces engaged In Snuth
Africa have already earned high admiration,
and patriotic offers of assistance which It was
not possible to accept have come from many
other colonies with populations of various
races. -
i I have received from the ruling chiefs of
the native States -of India numerous offers to
place their troops and the resources of their
States at my disposal for service In South
Africa. These proofs of their loyalty to my
self and their devotion to the cause of my
empire have afforded me much gratification.
I regret that, owing to Insufficient rainfall
In the autumn over a great part of Western
and Central India, the harvest and pasturage
have fallert to such an extent as to create a
famine. Timely measures have been taken
by my Government and by the rulers of the
native States affected to relieve the Buffering
and prevent starvation.
I regret to add that the epidemic of plague
continues and that, although Us severity has
not Increased since last year, there is at pres
ent no prospects of Its diminution.
Gentlemen of the House of Commons, the
estimates for the public service of the year
will be laid before you. The provision for mil
itary expenditure must b* largely Increased on
account of the charge for military operations
in South Africa. The experience of a great
war must necessarily afford lessons of • the
greatest Importance to the military administra
tion of the country. You will not. I am con
vinced, shrink from any outlay that may be
required to place our defensive preparations
on a level with the responsibilities which, the
possession of so great an empire has laid upon
As. At a time when several nations are
perfecting their naval preparations at the cost
of Increasing efforts and sacrifices, the solici
tude with which you have provided for the
efficiency of our navy and our coast defenses
will assuredly not be relaxed. .
The rest of the speech recognizes that
the time is not propitious for domestic re
forms Involving large expeditures, rec
ommends amendments to the agricul
tural, educational, company, railway and
accident laws, and concludes:
It appears that service In South Africa may
have the effect of disfranchising those taking
part In It, and you will be asked to sanction a
measure by which this Injustice will be pre
vented.
I commend your deliberations at this anxious
time to the blessing and guidance of Almighty
God.
After the reading of the speech the
House adjourned until 4 p. m. and the
Commoners returned to their. House,
which also similarly suspended its sitting
until 4 o'clock. There was a conspicuous
absence of public excitement In connec
tion with the reassembling of Parliament.
A small knot of people witnessed the ar
rival and departure of the yeomanry of
the guard, the crowd around the entrance
to the palace yard at no time exceeding
800, and the few who were hoping for
some demonstration against the Ministry
were disappointed.
SALISBURY ATTACKED
IN HOUSE OF LORDS
Rosebery Demands Information as to
the Intentions of the Gov
ernment.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— 0n the resumption
of business in the House of Lords the gal
leries were thronged. There was an un
usually large attendance of peers. The
Duke of Somerset moved . the address In
reply to the Queen's speech, and the Earl
of Shaftsbury seconded the motion. The
Duke of Somerset, in moving the address,
said he looked forward confidently to a
successful termination of the war. He
urged the necessity for reform In the mil
itary administration, arid said that hith
erto the army seemed to have existed for
the benefit of the War. Office, and that in
future the War Office must exist for the
benefit of the army. The Duke of Somer
set eulogized the loyalty of the colonies,
especially Canada, and strongly deprecat
ed the adverse criticism of General Buller,
his remarka in this connection being
cheered. He said he had every confidence
in General Buller and Lord Roberts,
The Earl of Shaftsbury, Conservative,
emphasized the debt of gratitude which
Great Britain owed to her colonies, and
expressed satisfaction at the settlement
of the Samoan question.
The Liberal leader In the House of
Lords, the Earl of Kimberley, followed.
He said he was glad to learn that Great
Britain's relations with other States were
friendly. He added that he believed the
term could be Justly applied to the rela
tions with European governments and the
United States, and deprecated undue at
tention to the attacks of the foreign press.
His Lordship congratulated Lord Salis
bury on the conclusion of the agreement
with Germany, but strongly disapproved
of the tone of Mr. Chamberlain's speech.
In this connection, however, he paid a
warm tribute to the conduct of the sol
diers in the field and to the loyalty of the
British colonies. .
The Earl of Kimberley, continuing, said
that, although the moment was one of
the deepest gravity, he would entirely ab
stain from criticising the conduct of the
generals. It was the duty of the Govern
ment to select men to conduct those op
erations and it was their duty to support
the Government. It was, therefore, un
wise to criticise the generals In these op
erations. He did not mean to imply that
the generals were not doing their utmost
to fulfill their arduous duties, but the
Government would be wise if it made
every effort to prepare thoroughly for
what might occur In the future. Continu
ing, Lord Kimberley said:
We might make a period of disaster, and al
though our relations with the other power- are
friendly, it would be well to consider ti.e pos
sibilities of the future and It would be well if
the' Government prepared for all eventualities
and all dangers arid be ready with the means
to surmount them. The Government • does not
Beem to have, been aware of the scale of prep
arations of the South African republics.-
Lord Salisbury, in reply to the Earl of
Kimberley, asserted that there was noth
ing in the stipulations of the conventions
to limit and hinder the importation of
arm? and ammunition Into the Transvaal
through Lourenzo Marquez. Continuing
the Premier said:
Why were we to knew about the Importation
of arms? I believe guns were Introduced Into
the Transvaal in bollprs and munitions of war
in piano cases. We had a small secret service
fund. If you want mug.h information you must
give more money. I consider the enormous
amounts spent by other Governments, especial
ly the Transvaal, which I have heard on high
diplomatic authority spent £800.000 In a single
yp.ir. and the small sums spent by England,
making It Impossible for us to have the omni
science attributed to us by Lord Kimberley.
I am glad lie has not pressed an Immediate in
quiry Into the action of the military authorities
at a time when our generals In the field ami
many of those who could give the moat val
uable Information are unable, to appear. We
should defer an inquiry to a more convenient
season.
Later the Premier admitted the deficien
cies of the existing system, remarking
that the treasury had acquired a power
which was not to the public benefit. He
had not thought of looking Into past his
tory or examining the amount of blame
to be attached to this or that Minister.
Said'he:
It Is not quite the right way of Wealing with
the present crisis. We must Join together and
exercise all our powers In extricating ourselves
from a situation full of humiliation and not
free from danger. I will not say that the dan
ger may not have easily been exaggerated.
Many a country has commenced a war with
difficulties of the kind we experience. We have
only to look at what the Northern States of
America went through at the beginning of the
Civil War to see how easy It would be to draw
a mistaken Inference from the reverses we
have met at the outset. We have every ground
to think that If we set ourselves heartily to
work and exert all the undoubted Instruments
of the power we possess we shall bring the
war to a satisfactory conclusion. We have work
which appeals to us as subjects of the Queen
and as Englishmen and It must throw In the
shade all thoughts of party expediency.
Lord Salisbury then said he regretted
that Lord Edmund Fitzmaurice, In the
House of Commons, was about to bring
this great issue into party controversy,
adding that the only place where his ac
tion would meet with sympathy was In
Pretoria. He continued:
Our effort must be to retrieve ourselves from
the present situation, which cannot be allowed
to lax. This empire Is a valuable and splendid,
but responsible, possession. We must concen
trate our efforts. If we do not tame all the
smaller passions Into one great duty we run the
danger of convulsions which will tarnish the
empire's luster and perhaps menace its integ
rity.
After Lord Salisbury had spoken, Lord
Rosebery made a fiery speech, demand-
Ing of the Government what it was going
to do, and adding that the country would
shrink from no sacrifice which the burn
ing emergency might demand. Lord Rose
bery spolte with great earnestness. He
asked why the Premier made it so diffi
cult for the man In the street to sup
port his policy. The past conduct of the
Government would come up for Investi
gation some day, he hoped, adding:
We have tho rißht to know if, before the
crisis, the intelligence department supplied the
Government sußlclent Information. If not dis
miss the department. If the Government pos
sessed the information their responsibility Is
heavy- I hope that when the time for the
Investigation arrives tho»e who have served
the Queen will not be covered with such glory
that the eyes of the investigators will be
dazzled.
I was appalled at the nature and style of
Lord Salisbury's speech. We have now 120.000
men In South Africa, yet we are with difficulty
holding our own. The attitude of foreign na
tions is described as friendly: but that does
not strike me as being as amicable aa the
word would Imply. I deem It necessary to
know what the Government. Is going to do.
Lord Salisbury said the cause of our casual
ties was the smallness of the secret fund and
the British constitution. But what Is the Gov
ernment's duty? Some form of compulsory ser
vice must be Introduced to meet the grow
ing exigencies of the empire and I am sure
the nation will not shrink from either that
or any other sacrifice to preserve the empire's
predominance. That we should net shrink from
sending away vast masses of troops, situated
as we are In the center of a universe. by no
means friendly to us. without having- a hint
from the Oovrnment of the military measures
it proposes to take to face the disasters we
have met and the sacrifices we have made, Is
one of the most extraordinary features of the
British constitution. ¦ I agree with Lord Salis
bury, that the country can carry this thing
through In spite of all the Impediments of men
and methods which have shackled It in the
past, but I venture to say It will have to be
Inspired by a loftier tone and truer patriotism
than that shown by the Premier.
Lord Kimberley urged that the Govern-
ment ought to have been aware of the Im
porting of arms into the Transvaal and
ought to have informed the Transvaal
that unless it desisted it must result in
Great Britain sending a large force to
South Africa, lie could not believe the
Government was so ignorant of the P re Pr
aratlons of the Transvaal, and it could
not divest Itself of the responsibility.
Baron Balfour of Burleigh said that the
Jameson raid had closed the mouth of the
Government and prevented it protesting
against the arming of the Transvaal.
But, he added, the Government must
have known , armaments were ac
cumulating to an extent unjustified by
fears of another raid, and it was the dnty
of the Government to communicate on the
subject with the Boer Government, but
as the first step It ought to have severely
punished the raiders. The country had
not reached a pass that If the Govern
ment appealed to It It would not have
supported the Government in any prep
arations it thought necessary.' Ho would
do nothing to prevent the Government
carrying on the war to a successful con
clusion. ' .
The Marquis of Lansdowne. Secretary
of State for War. followed. He said he
was prepared to make a statement at a
future date. The Government, he added,
was not prepared and had excellent rea
sons fox not pushing Its arrangements
further.
The address In reply to the speech from
the throne was then adopted.
CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN
ASSAILS THE MINISTRY
Bitter Condemnation of Its Method
of Dealing With the South
African Problem.
LONDON, Jan. SO.— When the proceed
ings were recommenced In the House of
Commons, Balfour, First Lord of the
Treasury and Government leader, Sir
Henry Campbell-Bannerman, Liberal lead
er, and others were loudly cheered by
their respective followers. James Lowthor
made his annual motion relative to the
interference of persons at elections. It
was rejected by a vote of 337 to 101. The
Speaker read the Queen's speech at 4:43
p. m. Subsequently Captain Ernest G.
Prettyman, Conservative member for the
Woodbridge division of Suffolk, moved
the address tn reply to the speech.
The entry of the Secretary of State for
the Colonies, Joseph Chamberlain, waj
not cheered from any part of the House.
Captain Prettyman, in moving the ad
dress in reply to the speech from the
throne, expressed the deepest sympathy,
which, he said, was shared by both sides
of the House, with the sufferers from the
war and the sufferings in Natal. He fur
ther referred to the feeling of admiration
for the gallantry of the troops which was
felt by all parties, and remarked that ad
ditional common ground for pride was the
gallantry and national spirit shown by
Doth Great Britain and her colonies. He
expressed the hope that after the war all
race antagonism in South Africa would
be obliterated. Continuing, Captain Pretty
man, who is a retired captain of artillery.
Bald an inquiry was necessary as to how
the requirements of the war had been
so underestimated. The captain then ap
pealed fur the union of ail parties in sup
port of the Government in its efforts to
satisfactorily conclude a just war.
s Herbert P. Pike Pease, Liberal-Union
ist, member for Darlington, seconded the
address in reply to the speech from the
throne.
The Liberal leader in the House of Com
mons, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman.
then arose to reply, amidst cheers from
the opposition benches. Sir Henry, com
menting on the Queen's speech, said he
had seldom known so little to be said in
such a large number of words. As, how
ever, the war advanced. It became more
difficult and more critical, and he was
not surprised that the Government had
riot proposed a formidable programme.
Affairs In South Africa, political and
military, would undoubtedly engage the
present Parliament to a great extent. The
war was uppermost in all minds when the
members separated in October, and it was
believed there were troops enough In
South Africa to rapidly clear the Queen's
domains. But their expectations had been
sobered. Week after week had seen
checks, disappointments and deplorable
loss of life. In every instance the ad
vance of tthe British troops had been
stayed by large bodies of the enemy. But
the country had again and again gone
through greater perils with courage and
composure, and would not now depart
from Its high traditions. The courage
and fortitude of British soldiers were
never more conspicuous, and they must
associate with this the sons of the colo
nies, who had shown extraordinary apti
tude in this kind of warfare. He appre
ciated the gallantry, the devotion which
led their countrymen to volunteer, but
he wished to know the reasons which
necessitated this unusual method of re
inforcing the army. He and his friends
had resolved to support a vigorous pros
ecution of the war. that the Integrity of
the Queen's domains be speedily vindi
cated, and he imagined there would be
no difficulty in obtaining the additional
supplies necessary.
"Here my agreement with the Govern
ment ceases," said the Liberal leader.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman then
proceeded with a bitter condemnation of
the administration and the temper in
which It had approached the whole South
African problem, saying that the narrow
ness of the Government's provision for
military requirements necessitated hostil
ities and asserting that its policy made
war probable. He believed this feeling
was largely shared by the House an 3
he was glad of the opportunity presented
to express his opinion. The speaker re
pudiated the Idea that they should await
the end of the war before discussing the
matter. This was the very time, he de
clared, for effective criticism, and those
wishing to disclaim responsibility should
do so now.
"The Ministers tell us. Sir Henry con
tinued, "that this war was undertaken to
Reading of the Speech From the Throne Followed
.by Denunciations of the Government's
South African Policy.
BRITISH MINISTRY ASSAILED
IN HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT
•ecure eaual rights for whit© men I
hop© they will transfer this laudable doc
trine to this country. Many instancy
might be applied, when too little consid
eration has been Shown under Mr. Cham
berlain's administration to the loyal
Dutch of Cape Colony. The Cape Minis
ters, who are as much crown Minister
as Mr. Chamberlain, treated them In a
manner 111 calculated to allay doubts and
fears The recess brought many speeches
on this subject and astonishment succeed
ed astonishment at their statements.
They now declare that the war was in
evitable, which Is obviously an ex post
facto opinion, and if not the BZlnntera
are hopelessly condemned ana ougnt to
be hurled from power."
Arthur J. Balfour. after a vain attempi
to draw Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman
Into an admission that he did not advo
cate pushing the war Into Boer territory,
reproached him with waiting until the
country had become involved In military
difficulties to bring a vote of censure of
the Colonial Secretary-, which might have
been brought, Balfour declared, any tinu
sine© 1595. In general defense of the
Colonial Secretary and the Government 3
policy Balfour said that one time th»»
Government believed the war would be
avoided, but had subsequently becomo
convinced that the Boer Government from
the first never intended to give those
franchise concessions, the withholding of
which meant war. He denied that Gen
eral Buller had expressed the opinion that
the forces sent out were Inadequate. On
the contrary General Buller held the com
mon military opinion that the forces sent
were quite sufficient.
Replying to the direct question put by
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, "Did
General Buller go to Xatal purely In th«
exercise of his military discretion?" Bal
four answered in the affirmative. He
then proceeded to rebuke tho opposition
for criticizing the War Office.
Lord Edmond Fitzmaurice then moved
this amendment to the address:
"And we humbly express our. regret at
the want of foresight and judgment dis
played by her Majesty's advisers, as
shown alike In their conduct of African
affairs since 1595 and In their preparations
for the war now proceeding."
Lord Fitzmaurice attacked Chamber
lain's policy, especially his failure to pun
ish the raiders and the retention of Cecil
Rhodes as a member of the Privy Coun
cil, together with "Irritating and reckless
methods that plunged the country lntu
the war before any adequate preparations
were possible."
The debate was then adjourned.
BRITISH ADVANCES INTO THE ORANGE FREE STATE ABOUT TO BEGIN
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,, JANUARY 31, 1900.
Thebus Station Seized
by a Column Under
the Command of
General Kelly-Kenny.
BULLER TO
TRY AGAIN
May Attempt to Relieve Lady
smith by Turning the East
Flank of the Boer Army
That las Twice Defeated
His Force,
Special Cable t« The Call and New Tork Her
ald. CopyrightM. ISOO, by James Gordon
Bennett.
LONDOX. Jan. 31.— Perhaps the most
Important news of the war received
yestenday was that General Kelly-
Kenny With a column of the Sixth
division had, seized Thebus station,
which is to jthe west of Steynsburg
and oa'the railway running from that
pof&t cafft to K«fff.ead Junction. No Indi
cation is plven of the route by whicn vhis
edvanoe was made, but It probably was
from MMdleburp to the east.
This mov«»mer.t serves to form another
lir.k in the rhain which is being put tr
pcther iplons; the line of the Orange Free
Ftate border. General Kelly-Kenny Is
now hoUVr.fr the halfway post between the
forces <if French and Gatacre. The coun
try- north of Thebus is very difficult, but
occupation of the village by the British
threatens the west flank of the Boers' pj
eition at i>tcrml>eng.
Apart from the appearance of Krlly-
Kenny at Thebus there are other Indica
tions that J-.ord Rol>erts has made up hia
mind that, for the. present at least. Gen
eral Bu'!t. apparently cajxnot make a
frosh at tittle. s-.r.d ¦ that an advance Into
the Orange Free State is to be begun.
The commanders of two transports with
ar!i!iery and cavalry, which had been sent
from Cnpe T<rwn to Durban, received or
ders not to laß-i the troops, but to return
at once.
A number of transports have arrived at
Cape Town recently, but nothing is
known as to the disposition of the troops
which they caxriod. Others are Just ar
riving, so It is possible that Lord Roberts
has been able to send considerable rein
forcements to French and Gatacre. in ad
dition to pushing forward Kelly-Kenny's
division.
The Daily Mall's Cap© Town correspond
ent, for whom trcit paper claims excep
tionally good meaas of Information. ct»bles
that Duller, in addressing hiß troops on
Monday, said that In his opinion the
troops had gained the key to the road
to Ladysmith, in which place he hoped to
be within a week. The obvious sugges
tion conveyed by these words is that there
is to be a fresh advance upon I^adysmith
and a fresh crossing of the Tujjela, but
it is difficult to find any reasons for ex
acting success after the recent severe
repulse. Had large reinforcements reach
rd Buller he might renew the attack, but
no Fuch reinforcements, so far as known,
have arrived in Natal.
One fact which seems to bear supposi
tion that General Buller Is not ready to
pive up the Idea of reacting Ladysmith
around th« Boer right is contained in a
dispatch, stating that General Lyttelton's
brigade la stll! on the north bank of the
Tugela. Dundonald, about whose mount
ed brigado there has been some anxiety,
reached the south bank of the Tugela on
Saturday, according to the same dispatch.
Considerable feeling has been aroused
recently by the charge that the sights on
rifles being Issued to the militia and vol
unteers going to South Africa were de
fective. The officials at Woolwich have
made experiments and found the charges
veil founded. They have decided that new
Fiehts must be punnMed
From the official report It is> clear that,
however depressed the members of other
military departments may be by the re
verses and defective state of armament,
the ordnance department at I*ast retains
Its cheerfulness and sense of humor, as
the report indicates that, by allowing for
temperature, force of wind and aiming on
aa average nx feet clear of a Boer. It may
b« possible with a Lee-Metford rifle to hit
him.
Lrf)ra Kosf Dery s ner>' speech in th»
House of Lords yesterday attacking the
fiallsbury Government's policy has
ptirred up quite a sensation In political
circles. It is taken In gome Quarters to
mean that the ppeech was part of a care
fully thought out plan and a fixed re
solve, and mpant that If the downfall ol
the present G<rvernment were to come
,Rosebery is r«*ady to accept the burder
of the Premiership.
FRENCH RECONNOITERS
AND A FIGHT ENSUES
REXSBERG, Cape Colony. Friday. Jan.
2»>. — General French reconnoitered yester
day by Bastards Nek with a force of Hus
ears, InniskilliriKS, four guns of the Royal
Artillery, mounted infantry, the York
t'hire, Wiltshire and a portion of the E»
f*>x resrirn«'nts. Turning to the northeast
he approached the Boer position at Keit
l'ontein, nine miles bevord Colesberg, on
the wasron bridge road, which the en«rny
liave lx-en fortilyinsr with a view of fall
las back when they evacuate Colesberg.
t'autlously approaching. CJeneral Krenca
Fhelled the «k my, who replied with ar
tillery And infantry fire.
The Hritish. who wen; well protected.
FUfft-red very little. An ollicer and nine
men were wounded, one of the latter of
whom has since died, nrd three men are
miKßins;. As the Boors wen found In ereat
f<iree. confirming the reponed reinforce
mente, and in a strong position, General
Trench discontinued attack and returned
to camp. .
PRETORIA. Saturday. January 27.— A
dispatch from Colesberg-. Cape Colony,
pays Commandant Delarey reports that "a
large body of British advanced on Thurs
day, January 2S. and he attacked them,
causing the British to retire after euf-
Dependable Drags
Cuticura
Soap
15 Cents
Did you ever pay more?
Why>
Never necessary — 15
cents is our steady price.
Everything is cheaper
here.
Send for catalogue.
Pears' Soap 15c
Cuticura Remfuies — full set $?c
Pinkham's Compound 75c
Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral 20c
Sozodont 2cc
Pond's Extract 40c
Castoria 25c ¦
Swamp Root 40c
Hoff' s Malt Extract 30c
Beecham's Pills 20c
Warner's Safe Cure $1.00
Peruna 85c
Free ietlv*rvfo raflr^ad po'nt* wltMn
100 miles on orders of $3 or up.
ill2B MARKET ST
___ SAN FRANCISCO
10th and BROADWAY, OakIand
wink JSnSjJffitwwß^^jJi^L k& \^s jr<i
¦ mr Jt Hal mBBm H9H tl| JgL — *%F
K»i»ay^aa^BHi»msßgwBH*aiw^^»Wß[^^v^*
A visit OR- JORDAN'S grcat^
OF ANATOMY?
i Cb 13SDUSXX7 ST. Ut fciiTli. If. W. A
\ fcjT The Lar;»*r An**~m.c»l Museum in the \
& LL.-tfTT- ._ World. eaknese* or my contrute J A
9 |I£f feTl S>pecj*!i»icu the Co**t EsLjSyeirv Q
izElh OB. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES*
f t4v/*3 Co.ivjifitipn fr»- and «rvt'y priraea \
i I I*«f H T " ionent P"*""* 1 y " r by l--cr A m
1 BT nB Fun.tnm Car* tn etery casawnirrtaken. T
, I S li£> Wntefor Book. PBILOXOra k<f A
I I B jl 1 ! M*BMl»ti»:. MAILBD FKE3. 'A f
A (]. valuable boob for men) w
! DR. JOBDAX A CO.. 1051 M*r!tPtSt..R. F. f
THE NEW
VITALIS iOthDi » *w ,J nrur»iv
rKODIiVs THI ABOTI KUiDay. f i il.Jl tUI i }
BSSCLTS. liq«i<-klT*«r»lTr.moTMX«rvo.i!i n e>j.Lt«« E«U
Drumi. Wajtinr Diwuct * all effects «.< <wlf-abt»* or *xo.i»e, *
tndiwretton.. JU.tor.iUnt Vitality. Fow«r * Failirw Memory.
Wards off In»»niETjmH.r.n,amption. Curm wh«nalloth«r>f nl.
Intut onhiTmr \ ITALIC, no ot.l«r. Can r- <*mM in «it
poekat. By ni v; #1. (HI nor p*<-k»r« or lix for t.YOU w>th .
»u»rinf»« *o C«r« «r Hffcad la* Soaey. CLrouli- Tree Adlr<—
*ALI MET CCIIE CO.. 88» O.« r bir. slTvhU^
Bold in Saa Francuco aad OakUad by t.io Owl £ru( Co
DR.PIERCES *
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DBSCOVEfgY
FOR THE
BLOOO.UVER.UJMG<£
W. T. HESS.
KOTASY FOBLIC AND ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW
T.nt* 9^^ 61 * BJ< *-
B^'&nSicJ-? CaJUOrlUa «- Powell.
4ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PAUPERS FROM MEXICO.
Two Women "With Children Galore to
Be Deported Because of Poverty.
United States Immigration Commission
er North has decided to deport Mrs. Sa
lome C. de Tapia on the ground that she
Is likely to become a public charge. The
woman arrived from Mexico on the Cura
cao last July with her six children, rang
ing from 3 to 12 years, two of them be
ing twin boys. Four of the children are in
St. Vincent's- and St. Joseph's orphan asy
lums, the youngest has been sent back to
Mexico and the eldest, a girl of 12. is be
taS cared for in this city by a charitable
'.ady. The woman's husband deserted
lif-r In Mexico three years ago. and being
ignorant of the English language and
American ways, the wtiman is helpless to
care for herself or her children. She says
that she wns married when she wa3 16
years old and that she is a relative of
General Canedo. Governor of the State of
Sinaloa. Her ca>ie was Investigated by
Captain A. de la Torre Jr. of the local im
migration bur*au. and he reported the
facts to OommhFioner North.
Josofa M^lcndrz arrived on the Curacao
from Mexico last Monday with her 4-year
old son. She too was reported as likely
to become a pu?;lic charge, and she has
boen detained on the steamer pending ai.
•nv*stipration. She borrowed $40 from one
of the women passengers to show the in
spector? when they enme on board as an
evidence that *he had money.
To London for Plays and People.
Frederick Belasco. lessee and manager
of the Alcazar and Macdonough theaters
of this city and Oakland, will leave to
night for New York and London for the
purpose of securing talent for the two
playhouses. He will be Joined in New
York a month' later by his wife, who is
well known to theater-goers as Miss Juliet
Crosby, and both will sail for Europe on
April 4. Mr. Belasco expects to be gone
at least six months. It is his intention to
visit the Paris Exposition before he re
turns to this country. The main object
of his trip will be to secure plays and
new people for the Alcazar and Macdon
ough theaters. It is his intention to en
gage an entirely new company for the
local playhouse for next year.
MUSICAL EVENING.
An Entertaining Programme Pre
sented by George H. Thomas
Post, O. A. B.
George H. Thomas Post No. 2. Grand
Army of the Republic, had a musical
evening: last nlsht In the social hall of tha
Red Men's building. There was a large
attendance of friends of the veterans of
the War of the Rebellion, who filled the
hall, which was decorated with palms,
evergreens. American flags and army
badges. The committee, consisting of W.
J. "Walson, Hugh M. Burke. A. J. Vinlng
and A. D. Cutter, presented a programme
that was made up of the following num
bers:
Piano and violin du?t. "Fantasle Pastorale,"
Frank G. Itohn^r and Rene A. Dumont; solo*
"Romeo and Juliet," Miss Heath; quartet.
"Tamborlne Girl." Misses Fn«»dlander. Heath.
Decker and Brinn; recitation. Miss Mabe!
Smitten: soprano solo. Mrs. Uoper Van Ben
son: piano solo. <a) "Chaut du,Rrocon!er," (c>
"Valse Caprice." Frank G. Rohner: duet.
••Greeting." Misses FeUir»»im and Friertlander;
solo. "May Morning." Miss Decker: ten min
utes with Newton; solo. "At Parting." Mis*
Feldhelm: cradle song. Misses Friedlander.
Heath and Brlnn: "America."
if "The Burning Arrow"— & realistic painting of an episode of the Sioux-Custer war, by A. D. M. Cooper, a well-known painter of
5 Indian pictures— Off free exhibition to-day and until further notice in Exhibition Hall, second floor. The canvas i 3 9x12 feet in
•l size. Aside from its artistic merits, it will be of especial interest to every boy and girl who is studying the history of this country.
X l ¦ < r
6 Wednesday Only. Good WOIIE E£^lB&£fcl!!feliEl lE&il Children's \ Wednesday Only.
in*?'** H^k^ """os iP^ KW il3r lf "ll|l| wV!!e% u L Special Sale
g Unlaundertid m >tffr /-50 P*Ool<l«nf*ulettaxAaur. ?^ * ro f Ladies' Slippers.
5 White Shirts ¦^%rr-^y~~' Dozen. caufornia-s larqest-america-5 grandest store. Shopping. I^^ Sli ers a 9 in / V.
X 200 dozen Men's 50c picture, chocolate color vici /''''// J
%' and 75c quality Un- Zf- fh SSIS^ i kid, with strap and ch : ffon v^//':/|2(
X launderedWhiteShirta, ? W) f//A/ * / bow, white kid lin- S^^A
IC long or short bosoms z, IS /St/^ f . . ! ing, coin toes, )r\ W
*of 4-ply linen, felled t:ZZ} # f rSsfS2 / 7V^'f/yf /2 Vvf^. i turned sewed J&*<^%
I seams, re - enforced Wi % /? [ j£A/l/rCAL</ C/L VUfsZ*- i m]^ a very pnjt _ <^*"^/*-^
J front and back, cut ,^r M Lr /^ /7h ' ty hoU39 sl5 PP er >
X very full, guaranteed 1 £ '%. >f f *¦ Ar sf^ Iff As S j regularly $1.50 per pair, sizes 3to 7,
£to fit comfortably), V/ I I otf* -j* S?J' y^J/Ay( W I special to-day only 970
f around the neck, spe- \ I / r Q/SVL4> / L'l> C&'l*' /\/ C/iy^C^C^ ' J [
* cial to-day only, each *V^_^/-ij > | f Wednesday Only.
$ 35G *- — \ Baby Blankets 36c.
x Wednesday and Thursday c P™'] [f° rretr 8 et th A ' s " k '.^ ce J l ' s announced in last white Crib Blankets, 32x40 inches, bbc
5* t*s*fcng*t VnAnfale Sunday s papers. Until closing time Saturday night your unre- O r red border?, a good warn covering
$ %***rgJ*S* *»f9CGK&MS. StHcted choice Of any $15 SUlt in this Store at made of fine fleecy cotton, easily washed
6 Oarpet Remnants-m j&ris ono- quarter off. Sacks, Cutaways, Frocks or Prince and non-shrinking, rjiiarly 50c t>air.
I MUSIS' tXI to iCS A } b i'" «*»«** "I M ,*'¦«* of fashionable materials instead •*»" ™°
»t suitable for halls, bathroom rugs, etc., °t 9 's' J or *»w »'«« only. $11.25 Wednesday Only.
*to close out, per yard 4Oc : — . .. - «»_ • -^ -.
5 Linoleum Remnants-icoo Wednesday Only. Wednesday Only. LattieS JSC SCSrtS
I 2i£t from- lities ' plenty of patternB lo (£j| Boys' $3.95 Sheeting Sale. We.
tt $1 grade... 6so 85c grade SGo 3*!*sSt SniltiM* " A strong, well made, round thread bleached Ladies' English Square Scarfs, in plain
Jf 75c grade. . 490 6qc grade.... 420 Sheeting for double beds, 81 inches wide, the colora with white embroidered designs,
S 60c grade..- 390 50c grade...32iO i<sfl2&>> Stilts fOt* mill cost of which is to d ay a rard » wil! re^ larl 7 35c each . 25) onl 7- sp-rial
/s/r« TtnnettxM *»«..•.«#« f AW^^^ be placed on special sale for Wednesday to-day 190
5 800 Tapestry uarpets /XSUzLa A <&o cs « n i/«* if*n
ft 4 iC-For two days only, has borders P^MTkA $2*6 a. onl y at ° w Z 17^..
sto match, a good serviceable carpet. ffo ¦¥V/r?i Dt » * „ , ,-, Z Z . Wednesday end Thursday.
X «O/» Tanostrv Oanntsf* Hi T^ ST4 Prett y and well made Wednesday Only. _ m . _ .
I »asSS-S3 sHi -V-^-F , Gas £' obe * 15c - 'SSTSJK'i
5 hall and stair Datterns *&/\&l round wel 2 ht ' 81ze8 for A yei T prettily en- , o£Vn- fi v* i T •>># Jr
$ ono ri«22#»i# o« Mn «# s atxbl boys 3to 10 years of age, graved Gas Globe, like oak. 30x30 inch top, regularly $3, for the
$ «?£ Jt!ndfA M ffin fff M two separate shields with picture, to fit either 4 fefi[3# y two days $1.85
X b7tO-xor ™? ™ys am grade 10- ¦li »v each suit, only 26 of them or 5 inch rings, the very WJ&^fSS/? Hall Hat Rack, golden oak with
wirecarpets. wun^or^unow ™™<*. .jf W in the lot, Wednesday, while low regular price of M(M French-plate mirror, large seat and box,
5? if alHl !n«t*.™- «r5 i etS ~ l ? M^'fLj*' this quantity lasts, special which ia 20c each, spe- \Vft flfaXlC i^. r cast brass hoots, regularly $10. for two
V very handsome patterns, special per yard, AHir «35? ¦ H 4 cc . . , , , «*r— "5 . «»r-
for two days . 82ho pnce 92.65 cial to-day 0n1y.... 150 days $8.35
i Body Br'uss'eis-A'hlgh grade f T~. Z 77T~L "z ~a ZTw » T7T 7 Ladles' Dressing Table,
X of the best wearing caryet made, for two The Dig StOfO Will begin an extraortllnary Sale In mahogany finish, nicely carved and pol-
tf days, per yard 92\c the Suit and Cloak Ocp't KCXt Montiay, Feb. sth. ished, has 16x20 beveled-edge plate mir-
f Axniinstcr Carpets- Hand- The following telegram received last week tells ror - re^ larly $ 16 - for two fe
tf some patterns, with borders to match, ##»*» e#/»»»i/ • ipiUnfO
S per yard, for two days 91\o *ne s>tury . Chill onion and Ward'
' fcew'iork, January 22, 1903. robe, combined, a very useful piece of
it Wednesday and Thursday THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN RULE BAZNAR. San Francisco : furniture, has one large drawer and four
$ *****%*+&— b**g-B Snaanwo Your offer of 37c on dollar for entire balance of this season's stock smaller ones, together with a good-sized
I broceries-Liquors. C 1 k D Ski and Wai3t3 te(L Will 3S Wcdneaday jjrdrob. » «rf i a iais F^h-piat. *,>.
V Six important special offerings for 2 days oa^u c T>r\wv<VT? t r<r\ ror. made of solid oak. neatly carved and
g only. Direct Grocery Telephone South 59. 4th - - b. KUbbhr b & LU. polished, regularly 520, for two dava only
ti FJour— Emporium Best White or Gra- Wndnntzdav Only IV/.f/ n ocrfi« flni v $14,75
g ham Flour, none better manufactured, reg- WfOnesaay umy Wednesday Only. Parlor Set, 5 piecea- sofa, arm
6 ularlv 00c per sack, special price. ..78c NOilOlt BJQt*GBinS. «SIJ/» MAr/olfinnc 'J/ln. chair, rocker and 2 reception chairs, ma-
Olive Oil— Pure California, large Shell Side W%» MFMCUcMMMIUns* UOlrf J hogany finished frames, upholstered ia
& bottles, regularly 60c. for 49c Combs, 250 pairs An excellent assort- *fo fancy velours or damasks, regularly $3\
»i Baratana Shrimps — Hun- only in three different/^^<MM\\\\\\\\m - . . , /jgßsv for two days $21,75
X bar's, ready for salads, special for two 25c and 3Jc styles, onOMmm^ ment of oval colored
5 days, per tin. 170 special sale to-day, per^^W^^^^^jy. Medallions, with fancy f !f y AVM Wednesday Only.
** Bourbon Whisky- Cedar Run, pair 180 vvluMSffmm^i gilt top ornaments and l/,f A. ,^ \y»" *9CS*+ U*%ss*% 99 A
made in Kentucky, special Wednesday and Shell Pompa. ™WM/ le S a to ma *ch, easel fl &J"s_,xSwM OOC fTOaC X«C«
% Thursday only, per gallon .-S2OO dour Comb, 100 '"ff back to stand, or can fj _jf^^ l y/J > /J Ladies' Imported Real Maco Cotton
t± Rye Whisky — Wilson's famous only, in assorted size 3, regular 25c each, on be hung if desired, a f\>'>^Ji<f«^ Hose, extra heavy weight, full four-thread
* product, bottled at distillery, special for special sale to-day 13c large number of choice /k ' :/-**^fH yarn, guaranteed fast black, high spliced
j£ twodaysor while supply on hand lasts, case Placket Buttons, in black and standard and life sub/^s < ijg heels, double toes, elastic tops, an extra-
If of 12 bottles. -.$11; single bottle. ...£/ colors, siik, jet and metal, many different jects, the regular low ordinarily good value at 35c per pa!r, to-
» Ginger Ale— CantelandCockrane, styles and prices, on sale to-day price each 50c, special gf/ZZ^vL** day only, per dozen $2*6O 9 per pair...
J. per dozen $1.50 One-half Off to-day only 380 2 20
| ~ Great Special Sale GRANITE ENAMELED WARE Continues Until Saturday Night.
tf Dozens of Bargains Uke Theses
% 70c Rice 80i1er5.. .470 35c Gem Pans 250 25c Quart Measures.. 170 46c Tea Pots 27c 65c Roasting Pans.. .46 O 25c Cake Pans.... 150
tf 35c Cullenders 250 27c Sauce Pans...:. 150 45c 8-Quart Pan 5.. ..250 60c Covered Sauce Pans 390 45c Coffee Pots -..-27c 85c Tea Kettles.. s7 O
Belf-respect is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. *
TRANSPORTS AND
MAIL STEAMERS
ARRIVE IN PORT
Kosmos Liner Volum
nia Discharging.
HONOLULU STEAMERS LATE
AUSTRALIA AND NIPPON MARU
HAVE BEEN DELAYED.
Volumnia Carried a Full Cargt) From
Central America, While the San
Bias Was Nearly Empty.
Water Front Notes.
Two Central American steamers and
two transports made port yesterday, while
the Australia .from Honolulu and the Nip
pon Maru from the Orient were expected
to make the lightship before dark, but
failed to put in an appearance. The Aus
tralia did not go alongside the wharf at
Honolulu, and in consequence all her car
go had to be lightered. The Nippon Maru
would stop at the islands on her way here,
and she also would have to lighter her
cargo and freight. This proceeding, ne
cessitated by the plague, has probably de
tained both vessels, and they will not
make port before to-day.
Should the Australia be put in Quaran
tine on her arrival here there will be no
delay in sending the malls away on sched
ule time. The transport Zealandla was re
turned to the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany some time ago, and she has been
overhauled and made ready to go to sea
at an hour's notice. Should the Austra
lia be held in quarantine then the Zsalun
dla will go out in her place.
The arrivals yesterday were the Pacific
Mall Company's steamer San Bias from
Panama and way ports, the Kosmos line
steamer "Volumnia from Antwerp, via
South and Central American ports, and
the transports City of Puebla and Thomas
from Manila. The difference between the
cargoes of the San Bias and Volumnia
from Central American ports was notico
able. The consignments sent from points
north of Panama on the San Bias com
prised about 554 sacks of coffee, 32S boxes
of limes and 115 sacks of ore, while the
Volumnia, from the same region, brought
up 1850 tons of coffee, sugar, silver ore,
concentrates, hides, mahogany and other
merchandise.
The Volumnia is almost a duplicate of
the Tanis, the first of the Kosmos fle-it
to come to this port, save that she Is a
little over 150 tons larger. She will take
away about 4500 tons of general mer
chandise from here for Central and South
American ports, and as nearly her entire
cargo is engaged she should get quick dis
patch. The Volumnia has first-class pas
senger accommodation and Is a good a\er
age thlrteen-knot boat. She made the run
from Antwerp, stopping at all the princi
pal South and CentraL American ports,
in 105 days, but when the line is In srood
working order that time will be cut down
by nearly a fortnight.
The transport Thomas carried the re
mains of General L#awton, Major Logan
and several other heroes, so as soon as
she was sighted all the flags on the ship
ping in port were placed at naif-mast. The
steamer remained at anchor off Black
Point during the day, and about 5 p. m.
docked at the Government wharf. The
City of Puebla was placed In quarantine,
but was released after sundown and came
to an anchor off Folsom street wharf.
M. Josephson, a commissariat clerk, and
F. Weifels, a quartermaster's clerk, v:ere
the only passengers who came ov^r on
hpr.
The transport Senator passed In through
the heads about 11 o'clock last evening
and anchored In the north bay. She is
twenty-seven days out from Manila, a
remarkably good trip over. She brings,
according to dispatches, thirty-four sick
and seventeen insane, the sick for the
general hospital at the Presidio, the in
sane for the Government hospital in
Washington.
A private letter from Oyster Bay re
ceived here yesterday states that the col
lier Miami is a total wreck and that Cap
tain ButUr. the pilot. Is in hiding. The
Miami, with 4000 tons of coal aboard, left
her wharf in Oyster Bay at 7 a. m. At
that time It was hardly daylight, but Pilot
Butler wanted tc get the steamer to soa,
so he carried her along at full speed.
Three-quarters of an hour later she was
hard and fast on the reef. The place
where the Miami struck is well known to
the pilots, and they generally get as near
to It as possible in order to make a Ehort
cut. About four feet more sea room and
the Miami would have gone clear. The
sea room was not there, however, and she
struck. At first it was thought the col
lision bulkheads would hold and that the
steamer would be saved, but this proved a
false hope. As soon as the strain caused
by the falling tide came, the bulkheads
burst and the ship opened up and went
down. The crew had no hopes for the
steamer and got their personal eiTectn
ashore early. The United States Consul
at Chemalnus, B. C. has taken charge of
the wreck for the underwriters, and will
see what can be done to save the machln
erv and running gear.
Four more vessels have been added to
the overdue fleet, making five on which
reinsurance Is being paid In this port. On
the Annie Thomas, from Cardiff for Aca
pulco. 12 per cent is being paid, while on
the May Flint, from Hongkong for Ta
coma: the Knglehorn. from Yokohama for
Tacoma; the Crompton, from San Fran
cisco for Antwerp, and the Silo, from
Hongkong for Vancouver. B. C, 8 per cent
is being paid The May Flint Is one of the
fleet of vessels recently purchased by the
California Shipping Company from Flint
& Co. of New York^
Site for Asylum for Blind.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.— From the
Senate Committee on Public Lands Sena
tor Carter to-day reported favorably a bill
granting 60.000 acres of land to Mont an i
for the maintenance of an asyi Uln f or $£
blind.
Killed in a Prize Ring.
LONDON. Jan. 30.— "Mike" Relty of
Glasgow died this morning, from a blow
received while fighting "Matf Precious
of Birmingham at the National Sporting
Club last night. Precious, Manager Bet
tlnson of the club, the timekeeper, the
referee and the seconds were charged
with manslaughter at the Bow-street Po
lice Court and remanded on ball of J-oO
each.
WILL SHOOT AT FRESNO.
California Inanimate Target Associa
tion Preparing for the Annual
Event.
The board of govf rnors of the Calif o: .iia
Inanimate Target Association . met on
Monday at the Olympic Gun Club to ar
rs V?i Re * ff £ f th i e annual tournament, which
wi iL« ake Place on April 2<i and so at
Dr. \V. .B. George of Antioeh, the presi
dent of the association, was In the chair
It was determined to have a proCTammc
of events the same as at Antloch i™t
year, but the committee may add one or
two other individual events. Troohlea wm
be given for the first prize i n each Indl
vidual event and money purses will be
divided according to rating, with the
greatest amount to go to shooters in tha
lower classes. tclß in mo
Many of the club? were represented anrl
promised trophies for prizes. The rneot
ing at Fresno this year promises to he *
big success. lv De a
Buda a Fast Filly.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. -30.— Buda con
tinued her winning streak to-day, scoring
without trouble In the two-year-old race,
for which she was favorite. Yuba Dam
and Illmtlne were the only other winning
favorites. In the fifth race Slack pulled
Cherl up at the barrier and the stewards
suspended him. as far as outside mounts
are concerned, for thirty days. The track
"as fast and the weather -Showery. Re
sults:
Selling, one mile and seventy yards-Tuba
Pan! won, Rushnelds second. Arquebus third.
T One mile^and a sixteenth-Major ManMr won.
Rodd aecond Clara M third. Time. 1:494-
R Two-yea?-old S . three won.
second, Adroor third. Time. :i6'.4-
P x and a half furlongs-Hlmtlne won Diana
Fon«o eecond. Sir Blaze third. Time. 1:21H-
F s"mng! furlongs-Xellle | Prince won Cot
ton Plant second. Juanetta third. Time l:loV,.
c.111.. one mile — Lady of the West won,
Quanah^ParkerTecond. Free Lady third. Time.
1:43.
SAN MATEO PARK IS
READY FOR COURSING
The- new management of San Mateo
Coursing Park is making extensive prepa
rations for the reopening on Sunday next.
The stake is limited to forty-eight grey
hounds, and will all be run through on
Sunday, commencing upon the arrival of
the 11 o'clock train. The araw will be held
to-night at Pythian Castle. A consign
ment of hares Is expected to-day from the
plains of Merced. They will be driven
through the escapes several times In or
der that they may learn where safety
fr The th usu d a°l S mMweek stake will be run
at Union Park to-day. In addition, the
final rounds of the puppy stake, not com
nieted on Sunday, will be disposed of.
The customary weekly draw will be held
l °Th!f Imrfeside Park management will In
augurate, mid-week coursing to-morrow.
Bullders' Contracts.
Miss Jennie B. Greenwood (owner) with Ed
ward Glnley (contractor), plans by owner— All
work for . live cottages, two cottages on Jf
line of California street. 57 E of Fifth avenue,
X 50 by N ICO. O L 75, and three cottages on
E line of Fifth avenue. 123 N of California
street, N 75 by E 120. O L 75; 17732.
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple, but Safe and Ef-
fectual Cure for It.
Catarrh of tbt etomach has long be*n
considered the n<»xt thing to incurable
The usual symptoms are a full or bloat-
ing e^r.satlon after eating, accompanied
sometimes with sour or watery rising's, a
formation of gasf-s. raus'.r.g pressure on
th<> heart ar.d iur.jrs and diti'.eult breath-
ing, headaches, fickle appetite, nervous-
ress and a general played out. languid
feeling.
There ia often a foul taste in the mouth,
coated tongue. s.nd If the interior of the
etom&rh could be wen it would show a
elimy. inflamed condition.
The cure for this common and obsti-
rate trouble !s found in a treatment which
causes the food to be readily, thoroughly
digested before It has time to ferment and
Irritate the delicate mucous surfaces of
the Etomach. To secure a prompt and
healthy dljrestion is the one nece«<;ary
thing to do and when normal digestion
'.f secured the catarrhal condition will
have disappeared.
According to Dr. Harlanson. the safest
and best treatment is to use after each
meal a tablet, composed of Diastase.
Aseptic Pepsin, a little Nux. Golden Seal
and fruit acids. These tablets can now
be found at all drug stores under
the name of Stuart's Dyypeps'.a Tablets
nnd rot 1 eing a patent medicine can be
use<J with perfect safety and assurance
that healthy appetite and thorough di-
gestion will follow their regular use after
meals.
Mr. N. J. Booher cf 2710 Dearborn street.
Chicago, 111., writes: "Catarrh is a local
condition resulting from a neglected cold
In the head, whereby the lining mem-
brane of the nose becomes inflamed and
the poisonous discharge therefrom pass-
Ing backward into the throat reaches the
Ftomac.h, thus producing catarrh of the
Btomaeh. Medical authorities prescribed
for m? for three years for catarrh of
Etomach without cure, but to-day I am
the happiest of men after us!np only one
box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I can-
not find appropriate words to express my
good feeling. I have found flc.«h t appetite
and sound rest from their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the safest
preparation as well as the simplest and
most convenient remedy for any form of
Indifc'eBtion, catarrh of the stomach, bil-
iousness. *<Gur stomach, heartburn and
bloating after meals.
Send for little book, mailetl free, on
etoniach troubles, by addressing F. A.
Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich. The tablets
can be found at all drug stores.
1 — ¦
SEO.H,FULL€RDESKCO.
iEifiEEfii 'furuiturz
Clarence Eddy Organ Recital.
Clarence Eddy gave an organ recital at
the Temple Emanu-El last night that
drew forth round after round of applause
from a big and enthusiastic audience. The
programme consisted of ten numbers, giv
ing the organist full opportunity to show
his great ability and art.
DECLARES BOTH TRIED
TO THROW THE FIGHT
Fitzsimmons' Sensational Announce
ment Concerning the Corbett-
Sharkey Event.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. SO.— ln announcing
that he had been drugged during his dis
astrous battle with James J. Jeffries, Rob
ert Fltzsimmons stirred up a greater sen
sation in the world of pugilism than It
has known before for many years. There
was an inclination to give Fitzslmmons
the benefit of the doubt and accept his
explanation of an unsatisfactory fight.
Another bombshell was exploded by the
former champion to-night when he made
the announcement that the alleged fight
between Corbett and Sharkey was pre
arranged, but that both of the fighters
were trying to throw the event, and that
Corbett succeeded in giving all concerned
what, among confidence men, is known
as the "double cross."
Fltzsimmons also cast defiance in the
faces of Jeffries and his manager, Billy
Brady. ' ¦ -J
ONLY ONE WAY TO SAVE
CITY FROM BANKRUPTCY
ST. MARY'S PARK APPROPRIA
TION MUST BE DIVERTED.
Auditor Wells Offers a Solution of
the Tangle in the City's
Finances.
Considerable anxiety has been engen
dered as a result of the conference of city
officials held In the Mayor's office Mon
day last for the purpose of devising ways
and means to tide over the existing finan
cial difficulties of the city. Notwithstand
ing that the Mayor advised economy in
all departments, nearly all 'he officials
asked for Increased appropriations, claim-
Ing that the business of their offices could
not be carried on with the Inadequate
force allowed by the charter. In discuss
ing the subject yesterday. Auditor Wells
said:
"There Is only one way to save the city
from bankruptcy, and that is to use the
appropriation of $125,000 for the proposed
St. Mary's Park toward settling the de
ficit of $139,000 left over from the last six
months. We might then, by the strictest
economy on the part of the heads of de
partments and by postponing all the con
tracts they possibly can until the next
fiscal year, manage to struggle through
until July 1. The Supervisors could then
provide $50,000 In the next tax levy, $50,000
the year following and $25,000 thereafter
for tne acquisition of St. Mary's Park.
"The Board of Health Is showing a dis
position to spend a great deal of money.
Former Secretary Carroll has informeo
me that the old board expended $44,000
during the last six months, and now the
new board insists on an outlay of $6000
additional, or $50,000, for the next six
months. It appears to me that the board
should go easy In Its policy of creating
so many positions and should content it
self with from $35,000 to $40,000 for the next
half year.
"We will find out before very long that
the claim made during the campaign that
the city would be saved at least $1,000,000
under the new charter was false as well
as absurd. Indeed. I stated openly when
the charter was promulgated that the city
could not be managed under its provisions
as economically as under the Consolida
tion Act. I think that the revelations at
the conference in the iMayor's office fully
sustains me in that contention."
wife go into the stage entrance; that ha
rushed Into the lobby, grabbed a pro
gramme and saw the name of How.'ll
Scott, his wife's lover. In the cast. :in.l by
all the powers he would thrash daylight's
out of him before he left the theater!
It was some time before Managers Be
lasco and Thall could convince him that
the woman he thouprht was his wif? was
Laura Crews, a member of the company,
and that In his excitement he had mis
taken the name of Howard Scott, also A
member of the company, for Howell 3cctt.
Satisfied at last with the explanation. t!*a
benedict of a fortnight departed with
crestfallen countenance.
THOUGHT LAURA CREWS
WAS HIS MISSING WIFE
ALBERT PEASE OF LOS ANGELES
AN UNHAPPY MAN".
Tried to Gain Admittance to the
Dressing Rooms of the Alcazar
to Wreak Vengeance on"
Howard Scott.
"You have no right to stop me: I tell
you I will see her. Her name is not
Crews, it is Pease. I'm her husband; and
don't you dare to lay a hand upon me."
Such were the threatening words a well
dressed but very excited individual show
ered upon George Hill, the stagedoor
keeper at the Alcazar, last evening as he
halted a frenzied man from dashing down
to the dressing-rooms. Undaunted by
fear, the trusty guardian over the mys
teries of the "green room" laid hold of
his man, and the noise of the tussle
brought Manager Thall upon the scone.
The fellow was led to the business office,
and there, between threats and hysteria,
unbosomed his tale of woe— the old, old
story.
He Introduced himself as Albert Pease
of Los Angeles, and stated that his T\if*
of but two weeks had eloped with a man
by the name of Howell Scott; that he had
traced the pair to San Francisco, and
that as his wife had several times taken
part in amateur theatricals In the City of
Angels he had made a search of tha va
rious theaters In this city, thinking possi
bly that she had Joined the profession.
He eald ao he passed the Alcazar ho saw
a woman he could have sworn was his
RAILROAD CONFERENCE.
Meeting to Arrange a New Time Card
Held Yesterda7.
A conference of prominent railroad men
was held in the Southern Pacific building
yesterday afternoon to arrange a new
time table to meet the changes on the
L»enver and Rio Grande and the Rio
Grar.de Western roads, each of which is to
put on a third train between Ogdtn and
Ltenver on the 25th prox.
The new schedule, as far as it effects
this city, has changed the running time
end provided for the following addition*
to trains, all of which arrangements go
into effect on February £5:
The hmitf-d morning overland out of this
city will carry. in addition to the sleepers
that go to Chicago by the Northern Pa
cific and Northwestern lines, a. through
Chicsgo, Hock Island and Pacific sleeper
via Denver. The 6:30 p. m. out of here
will rarry a through Chicago, Burlington
and Quincy sleeper.
The limited train that arrives here at
5:15 p. m. will bring in a Rock Island car
and the running time of the train which
row arrives at s:5O p. m. will be cut down
over four hours, so that train will be due
at 5:15 in the afternoon. This big reduc
tion in time will prove very satisfactory
if the train that it affects can ever be got
in at the hour scheduled. If. however,
this new schedule works 89 have all the
others that have preceded it. it will only
serve as a new basis from which to start
EuesKiriC at the hour the engine will really
pull in at its terminal point.
CHAPLAIN DAVID H. SHIELDS
Chaplain David H. Shields, who has
been sentenced by court-martial to be dis
missed from the United States army on
February l. .because of his tendency to
overindulgence in strong liquor, lies on a
cot at the Receiving Hospital slowly re
covering from an attack of 'alcoholism.
The disgraced preacher was found In a
semi-conscious condition, stretched out at
full length on one of the stringers of the
pier near the chief wharfinger's office
shortly before noon yesterday. Just how
long he had been there Is not known, but
It is doubtful if he would be alive now
but for the practical sympathy of a ten
der-hearted and energetic woman.
Chaplain Shields has been a familiar
figure around the chief wharfinger's of
fice of late, dropping in frequently for a
few moments' conversation with Percy
Henderson or some of the latter's subor
dinates. His failing was known to them
all and they sympathized with the genial,
eloquent man of God. whose one fault was
his craving for whisky.
Mr. Henderson was standing In front of
his office yesterday conversing with Mrs.
Dr. d'Ancona, who had come down to the
front to welcome some friends arriving on
one of the incoming steamers, when his
eye fell upon the form of the chaplain.
"There are some things worse than
death." remarked the chief wharfinger,
nodding his head in the direction of the
unconscious preacher. He then proceeded
to Inform Mrs. d'Ancona of the identity
of the man and the story of his disgrace.
Mrs. d'Ancona's sympathy was arousecr
at once.
"Cannot we do something for him?"*
she asked. With that she started In the
direction of the chaplain. Mr. Henderson
accompanying her. It was not until they
attempted to arouse the unfortunate
drunkard that they had any Intimation
of his actual condition. Mrs. d'Ancona
at once telephoned to Dr. Bunnell, chief
emergency surgeon, and asked him to
have the man removed to the Receiving
Hospital for treatment. The request was
granted, but when the ambulance arrived
from the hospital with the chaplain Dr.
Bacigalupi found that the man was in a
very precarious condition. While alcohol
ism was the chief cause of his condition,
he was suffering from exposure and lack
of food. For a while It was feared he
would not revive, but last night he was
pronounced out of danger. Mrs. d'Ancona
will not stop In the good wcrk she has
taken upon herself until she has arranged
to send the chaplain back to his family
at Fort Wavne, Ind.
Chaplain Shields was . appointed to his
position in the army two years ago... He
was stationed at Alcatraz when charges
were filed against him of conduct preju
dicial to the good order and discipline of
the army. It was shown at the trial that
he had been intoxicated on several occa
sions in the presence of enlisted men and
civilians and he was found guilty. The
lindlngs of the court-martial were ap
proved by the Washington authorities
several days ago and the chaplain sen
tenced to be dismissed from the army on
February 1. His future is dark, with
scarcely a ray of hope to light his way
to a new career. Officially disgraced, re
pudiated by his fellow ministers and a
slave to the liquor habit, he is thrust out
upon the world In the evening of his life
to provide food and raiment for his wife
and children, without a dollar of capital
and barred from pursuing his profession.
Under these circumstances It is hardly to
be wondered at that he mould become
wholly discouraged and give way com
pletely to the weakness that proved his
undoing.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
ARCHBISHOP IS
NOW TRUSTEE OF
DONAHUE FUND
Judge Troutt Decides
Aerainst Heirs.
CATHOLIC LIBRARY ASSURED
EESIGNATTON OF ST. IGNATIUS
DIRECTORS ACCEPTED.
Executors' Account Settled and De
cedent's Estate Ordered Distrib
uted In Accordance With
Terms of WIIL
Juc"£B Troutt has accepted the resigna
tion cf the president and board of direc
tors of Bt. Ignatius College as trustees
of the fund bequeathed by the late An
nie Donahue for the erection of a build-
Ing and the formation of a library to be
known as the Donahue library, a-nd to be
part and portion of the college. Arch
bishop Rlor&an «as appointed trustee In
the stead of those named In decedent's
testament, and will use the $100,000 in ac
cordance with the wishes of the deceased
therein named. In addition to settling
the trust provision. Judge Troutt settled
the account of the executors and ordered
the estate distributed in accordance with
the provisions of the will. In his opinion
Judge Troutt says:
"A Question !s eerious!y urped as to
whether or not a certain bequf6t of $100.
000 to the president and board of trustees
of St, Ignatius College for the erection
of a building and the formation of a li
brary is a valid trust, and if it is, whether
or not this court having the power can
properly exercise It by appointing Arch
bishop Riordan trustee In place of the
president and beard hrst named, all of
whem have formally declined to accept
the bequest. It Is Quite clear that the
aforesaid bequest, if a valid trust, is a
trust for charitable uses and hence dues
not fall within the inhibition of the con
stitution or statutes against perpetuities.
In my opinion the trust is a valid one.
It is provided by the Civil Code of oui
State that the Superior Court may ap
point a trustee whenever there is a va
cancy and the declaration of trust does
not provide a practicable method of ap
pointment, and that when a trust exists
without any appointed trustee, or where
all of the trustees renounce, die or are
discharged, the court may appoint an
other trustee and direct the execution of
The trust. In the light of these statutory
provisions, I do not hesitate to declare
that this court, sitting in probate, not
only has the power but is required to
appoint a trustee to whom the money be
queathed as aforesaid should be distrib
uted for the purposes mentioned In testa
trix's will."
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1900.
Call at my office nnd I Trill give you free a trial application of medical electricity from
rssFJcttsi!K m 7m 7 l ar g" e stationary battery. This shows you how I cure disease by my galvanic Belt. IT
NEVER FAILS! . What relief to the back bowed in pain is a complete cure! How grand to
*ffiisH» emerge from the weakness which is ruining your life! How you welcome the power which
/j\/^^ pulls you through! Base your opinion on the following facts:
%fel2P P& MCLAUGHLIN'S
lljin ELECTRIC BELT
xlijslfcSfJ^^^C^Sffc &$&- » * 3 strongly made, perfectly regulated, easy to use and better than medicines. It never falls.
S-<4o^^\. I 4 is a treatment founded on the medical science of galvanism — chemical electricity — and en-
f/^^^*^*^*v dorsed by years of practice. By this sublime power I actually cure the pain, the weakness of
fS»IP*Sf a *''' tr \,^ ""^^ every case I undertake. You know that medicines are experimental and that physicians of
xiiPiKy Mb/fa eminence adopt electrical applications in some form, especially for nervo-vital derangements.
«%>£ ' nM| v v^^>wfcfiV 'W^sv \}\ My method excells all others by its comforting and sympathetic force and because it is ap-
\ plied as Bach caseneeds - If y° u have RHEUMATISM, BACKACHE, KIDNEY OR STOM-
J /^^^^Ka^^^O^^^yu' ACH trouble or any Nervou3 Weakness, my treatment will cure you by pouring its reviving
ff voltage into your system. In this way it contracts those muscles of the glands which are too
rtiii j JiS^aSil**^^^^^^^/ feeble to retain the life fluids. It is the greatest invigorator ever applied in such cases.
Rheumatism and Kidney Trouble. Special !
197. Henry street, San Francisco, Jan. 4. 1900. SPECIAL— My illustrated book will be mailed free If you will send your ad-
P alnTan^from M ?^^ J-ss. I will also take your old belt of any other make as HALF PAYMENT
at my work. Yours respectfully. DANIEL MULLER. Cooper. for one of my latest Improved Belts, which do not blister the skin.
ixn It/I A %M >^¥ A ¥ T/^Uf IIVT 7 °2 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco, and
391 v • IVi • A • iVI CI>A I J \lflLa 1 IN • Bardick Block, Corner Spring scd Second Streets, LO3 Angoles.
*-^ ¦ m * A T *.^^*-*X-mx^ -V-« *¦*—•»* *J Office hours-* a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD n«i DRUG STORE!
DISGRACE OF AN
ARMY CHAPLAIN
5"Lanky" Bob Fitzsimmons says somebody drugged
him on the night he fought and was defeated by Jim
Jeffries. Everybody will agree Tvith him that' the
champion must have given him several knockout
drops. '
The British military men in South. Africa have be
gun a cannonade of talk. They should have learned
before this that something more effective than Sam
son's weapon is needed to conquer the Boers.
Some public men are to be congratulated. It is
not every one who can receive the compliment of
the Examiner's abuse. Police Commissioner Biggy
is having honors thrust upon him.
War has broken out; among the members of the
Los Angeles brick trust. Both side 3 ought to be pro
vided with weapons enough to accomplish mutual
annihilation.
MRS. HEYDENFELDT WINS.
Judge Bahrs has handed down a decis
ion determining the right of the various
heirs under the trust clause of the will
of the late Solomon Heydenfeldt. Suit
was filed by Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt.
decedent's widow. Sunshine 0.. Thor O.
Elnn O. and Moodie O. Heydenfeldt
apainst Zeila O Helllngs, Thomas 0.,
Frederick O. and Ine O. Heydenfeldt, M.
H. Barkley, G. H. Mangels. C. H. Kauf
man, Charles Ashton, Julius Jacobs.
George O. Davis, Edward Duncan and
others to quiet title to property on North
Beach. Judge Bahrs holds that the pro
visions of the trust clause do not bar Mr»
Heydenfeldt from sharing In the property,
but holds that she. together with the
children of Solomon Heydenfeldt. are ten
ants in "common and own equal undivided
interests in the property. In the same
decision the court disallows the claim cf
Mrs. M. H. Barkley, trustee for the Hey.
denfeldt children.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— J. G. Ralston
and W. R. Marmlon of San Francisco «jw
at- the Manhattan. L. W. Schwartz ot
Los Angeles is at the Empire.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
From the rate at which our exports of manufac
tures arc increasing it is believed the total at the end
cf the fiscal year will exceed an average of $1,000,000
• day. That is what comes of protecting home indus
tries and giving American energy an opportunity to
develop itself. When our shipping industries have
enjoyed an equal protection for a few years we will
be able to carry the commerce of foreigners as well
as to manufacture the goods for them.
The British Vice Consul at New Orleans has fol
lowed the example of the late lamented Sackville
West by not only opening his mouth, but by putting
his foot in it. He forgot, when he attacked Senator
"Billy" Mason, that he was making an onslaught on
an American. Before the Senate gets through with
him he will appreciate the virtue of silence.
Some industrious student of the constitution and
datutes of the United States might be able to inform
an inquiring public what clause or section in Federal
law makes a United States Marshal a tout for a
Senatorial candidate. Marshal Shine is an interesting
figure at Sacramento.
Stockton's Postofflce.
The Government ha 3 accepted th* site
of the Stockton postofflce building upon
the report of title as presented by United
States Attorney Coombs, and Assistant
United States Attorney Banning went to
Stockton yesterday with a check to bind
the bargain.
SOUTH AFRICAN TACTICS
"T~'HAT England is having a hard time fighting
I men who wear clothes is sadly apparent even to
• the politicians who hurried the country into
war. ' The saying that in vain the trap is set in sight
of the bird has not held true in British tactics so far.
Joubert has set and baited trap after trap and the
trained British commanders have walked into every
one in succession, from Elandslaagte to Spion Kop,
with the most disastrous results. After the succes
sive failures of White, Gatacre and Buller it is ex
tremely doubtful whether such naked men fighters
as Roberts and Kitchener will have any better suc
cess in going up against warriors who pray and wear
clothes. There is spreading abroad a suspicion that
a long succession of conquests of weak or semi
civilized people has not been a proper military train
ing to equip England to meet a nearly equal foe.
There is much reason in this. It seems to be the
philosophy of combat. If a pugilist in the heavy
weight class be continually matched against a feather
weight, he trains continually further away from his
own class and is sure of ; defeat if he meet an antag
onist who has kept his mettle hard by meeting his
eouals.
Whatever the cause, the British military establish
ment proves so defective at thiT first serious call upon
it since the Sepoy rebellion that its prestige is slip
ping away. It was the hope of British philosophers
that the empire so far acquired would be cemented by
justice and policy and not endangered by further ag
gressions.
It is significant that while Kipling's poetry of im
perialism is yet in the bugle notes that summon Brit
ish subjects to arms, his undertone is rising as the
motif of opposition to the whole costly programme
of bloodshed and conquest. "The price of admir
alty" and the fear "lest we forget," which have been
treated as the necessary antithesis to give a saber
flash to his lines, are being lifted from their subor
dinate place, and the price paid for gold and glory
and the penalty of forgetting are in serious British
thought. It is well that this is sol The habit of look
ing after leaping is a dangerous policy for nations.
? »??????????-?¦-?-??????? ??-?-?-
¦! THE CALL'S I
I HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
o SEYMOUR EATON, Director. „
? CONTRIBUTORS ?
< ? • TO THE——— — - ¦ < ?
;; SPRING TERM COURSE, 1900. j;
; I R«t. Edward Everett Hale, D. D.,
< • Boston. , >
' I Jesse Macy, A. M., LL. D., \ [
? lowa Collece. t ,
• ' Professor Paul Elmer More, • •
( I Harvard University. ] [
" Thomas Marc Parrott, Ph. D , <•
*' Princeton University. "
<> Charles Forster Smith, Ph. D., <>
' | University of Wisconsin. * '
o Isaao N. Demmon, A. M., LL. D., ','.
University 'of Michigan. ' '
? Arthur H. Palmer, M. A., „
° Yale University. <<
o Maurice Francis Egan, LL. D., '!
° Catholic University of America. <>
<? Charles Horswell, Ph. D , ;;
° Northwestern University. '?
0 Miis Vida D. Soudder, t
<? Wellesley College. *
* > Charlotte Brewstsr Jordan, 4
1 Philadelphia. A
1 1 John Leverett Moors, PL D., '[
< , Vassar College. . , < ,
Joseph Villiers Denney, A. M. t *'.
',', Ohio State University. J|
' ' Lucius A. Sherman, A. 8., Ph. D , "
|! University of Nebraska. *
< • Charles Flint McClumpha, A. R, Ph, D., < ?
* ' University of Minnesota. i '
0 John Carleton Jones, A. M., Ph. D., <'
" University of Missouri. ¦"
',', Amos Noyes Currier, A. M., LL. D., <!
" University of lowa. < >
< [ August Hjalmar Edgren, Ph. D., < |
<¦ University of Nebraska. <¦
J Charles W. Bsnton, M. A., Litt. D., \\
* University of Minnesota. o
1 William J Hopkins, 8..8 , *
' > Drexel Institute. 4
Hi Professor Benno Kirschbaum,
< ¦ Philadelphia. < ',
W George W. Gilson, °
< . Buffalo. N. T.
. . And others whose names appear In con- <*
<> nectlon with the programme of studies. <>
The fact that the people of the Mission celebrated
with fireworks and music an extension of the Mar
ket Street Railway system in that section is an evi
dence that the railway serves some need of the com r
munity and would be generally popular but for the
habit it has of running over everything in sight in do
ing the service.
HOTEL DEL CORON ADO— Take advantage
of the round-triD tickets. Now or.ly J6O by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho-
tel; longer stay. $3 00 per 'lay. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Cal. erlace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
THE TRANSVAAL
SITUATION.
Told in Pictures..
THE LION— THAT LOOKS LIKE A.
SOFT SPOT. GUESS I'LL. APPRO
PRIATE IT.
"COME, NOW. GET A MOVE ON
YER; I WANT THIS PLACE."
THE BOAR— I WAS HERE FIRST.
AND YOU DON'T GET IT.
THE BOAR— NOW, THEN. RUN
HOME AND THINK IT OVER..
THE L.IOX— BLESS ME! BUT I MUST
GET OVER THIS AWFUL HABIT OF
THINKING I CAN LICK EVERYBODY.
—Life.
Several days ago The Call asked the Police •Com
missioners, what assurance they could have that the
conspirators; who w^?e urging Jules J, Callundan for
Chief of Detectives,;, would not suggest some one
worse for the. position when his election became an
j impossibility. Fears are frequently realized in fact.
, Frederick L. Esola is. now being urged for the place.
It has become habitual in England through her prac
tice of taking up the white man's burden after, taking
the black man's life. From Plassy to Chitral it has
not been necessary to look ahead, beyond" tumbling
the dead blacks into a trench and proceeding to ad
minster upon their civil. estate.. But this habit has so
far proved England's undoing in South Africa. Every
leap has been taken in the dark, and the landing has
been upon something worse than the Scotch thistles
that drew blood and blasphemy from the barefooted
Danish invaders. Already $125,000,000 has been poured
into a campaign that has brought not one compen
sating victory.- Added to this is the awful sacrifice
of life, the greatest. that England has suffered since
the Napoleonic wars. It is "the "price of -admiralty,"
and the nation begins to wince. • «
Unless the Ministry can soon' show some substan
tial military .advantage its existence" is in danger, and
under the admirably flexible system of parliamentary'
government there may. arise a leader competent to
secure peace .with honor and "avoid the further expo
j sure, of the. exceeding weakness of that empire as a
military power. ' • • '~-~. v :•;:.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 31, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Alt Communications to W. S. LE.AKE, Manager.
It ULJCVTIO* OFFICE.. Market and Tlilrd. S. K.
Telephone .Main ISttS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 StereMOß St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Dellrered bjr Carrier*, lit Cent* Per Weelc
Mntlr Copleft. S Cents.
Term* br Mall. Inrladlns Poßtaret
DAIt.Y CALL (Inrlndlns Snndar). one year. .fVCWi
DAIL.V CALL. (Including- Sunday), C month*.. 3.00
DAILY CALL iinclndlnir Sunday), 3 month*.. 1.T.0
DAILY CALL— Ur Slngrle Month G5«
M M)U CALL One Year I.So
IVXKKLV CALL One Year 1.00
All poßtiuaatera are authorised to recetre
¦ übucriptlons.
Cample coplea will be forwarded when requested
OAKI..WU OFFICK OOS Brand vrny
C. GEOnGE KKOGM2S9.
Vtairer ForelKa Advertising. Slartiaette Balld
lns, Chicago.
SEW YORK CORRESI'ONDEXTi
I. C tAIU/lON Herald Sanare
SEW TOPK REPIIESEXTATIVEi
t'C.iiW LVK.C:^.d Jit 29 Tribune llaildinc
CHICAGO KE\YS STA>*DSt
Sherman Houses P. O. \tw« Co.t Great \orfh
rrn Hotel; Fremont Houses Auditorium Hotel.
SEW YORK SEWS STA.\DSi
Waldorf-Astoria Hotels A. Brentano. 31 Cnlon
lanarei "lorru) Hill Hotel.
!ttASUI.\CTO\ CD. C> OFFlCE.. Wellington Hotel
J. r. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
DBAXCP OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open until 9:30 o'clock. 30t> Hayes,
open until OiiiO o'clock. O3i* McAllister, open
«ntll !•-''.<• o'clock. 4115 Larkln, npen until
»-.::*> o'clock. 1041 Mission, open until 1O
o'clock. --'>. Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until U o'clock. lO'Jd Valencia, open until O
o'clock. lOti Eleventh, open until J» o'clock.
JV'W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
ABOUT HONESTY.
THE revelation of the relations between the
Mayor and the Examiner has greatly illumin
ated the political situation in San Francisco.
There is no controversy as to the facts. It is now in
evidence, put there by the Mayor's friends, that he
secured the support' of the Examiner and its push by
farming out to it in advance the Police ' Department;
that he sought to gild the redemption of this promise
by selecting a Police Commission that could not be
reproached with any past, misconduct, public or. pri
vate; that he conditioned the appointment of those
Commissioners, directly in some cases and in others
by implication strong, upon their election of his can
didate as Chief of Police; that he then supported the
election of Esola, to redeem his promise to the Ex
aminer. So far there is no dispute of these facts.
The Police Commissioners, being gentlemen, under
stood their direct or implied pledge to bind them to
accept and elect a candidate whom they could sup
port without losing their standing, in the community
as gentlemen and honest men. ; They were undoubt
edly programmed, but they supposed that it was:"a
gentlemen's agreement." '. They did not understand
it to bind them to a programme which meant the
election of Esola and the degradation of the Police
Department at the beginning of their administration.
The}' were far from expecting that, conformity to the
condition of their appointment meant an act that
lifted them from the place o.f honor they had filled in
the community and seated : them in the midst of the
lew company that had abused authority and dis
graced the city in the worst days of its misgovern
ment. .• ' • •- '¦ ' ; . •
That they flinched is to their credit. That the sac
rifice of their honor and character was finally pre
vented by Senator Biggy is something that gains for
that gentleman the grateful. acknowledgment of their
friends. . .
Senator Biggy refused to abide by the condi
tions of a programme which led to the sacrifice of
his good name. One man has rio right to exact a
promise which a gentleman can make and demand its
redemption by an act of which no gentleman can be
guilty. This was exactly the situation. The Ex
nminer influenced the government of this city in past
years cheek by jowl with. political blackguards who
profited by the exercise of public authority. Under
the new charter it prepared for the renewal of black
guard government, using the Mayor as its broker
in the honor of men. His duty was to pledge honor
able men of high standing to .a blind programme,
and when it was disclosed the renewal of the Ex
aminer's blackguard government was presented as
the sole means of redeeming the pledge.
Because he refused to sacrifice his good name and
become a hissing and a byword in the community,
Senator Biggy is now highly honored by the daily
abuse of the Examiner. Its feculent vocabulary is
lavished to exhaustion in an attempt to discredit him.
The Examiner desired to use his unimpeachable in
tegrity and honorable standing as a cover to its pur
pose of reblackguarding the government of this city.
He refused to stand as its whited sepulcher, and,
having proved himself an honest man, pays the pen
alty in that paper's yelp that he is dishonest.
The Examiner never rises out of its class. It
measures all others by itself: It conceives that all
men are subject to the same motives which influence
all that it does. It seeks in Senator Biggy's busi
ness relations, in his personal associations arid
among what it conceives to be his ambitions, for a
reason that has its sole existence in his sense of
honor, which the Examiner cannot appreciate any
more than a hog appreciates the nightingale's gift of
The Examiner in its debauchery thinks that every
thing is wallowing in the gutter where it adds filth
to filth. So the wanton thinks others no better than
they should be, and the thief believes that he differs
only in degree and not in kind from other men.
The Call and other papers in this city which have
recorded the reasons that compelled Senator Biggy's
stand for his honor and good name have recorded
them only; they were created by the Mayor and the
Examiner. Upon them is the sole responsibility for
demanding what no gentleman could give and hold
his place in the community. It was their repulsive
influence, and not any attractive influence from any
quarter, that compelled the honorable stand taken by
Senator Biggy.
The Examiner cannot harm him. He is above
harming himself by submission to its dictation, and
is on the safe and high ground occupied by all men
v.-ho count a good name better than wealth or power.
Will Test the Charter.
. The section of the charter fixing the
salaries of stenographers la the criminal
departments of the Superior Court at $200
a month will be tested through the me
dium of a suit filed yesterday by Luke
Kavanagh, stenographer of Department 8,
to compel Treasurer Brooks' to pay a de
mand for $60 alleged to be due for work
performed. The plaintiff Is represented by
Attorney Garret W. McEnerney.
Even Mexican Dan Burns seems to have gained
»cmethin£ through" his long association with the
turf. At any rate he displays a good deal of horse
sense in shying at a caucus.
Several of the British generals who have measured
twofds with the Boers complain of severe illness. The
situation certainly is bad enough to make any one
tick.
4
a disease as chronic bron- 0
chitis. The hard coughing §
exhausts and debilitates; you 0
become weak and thin, the 0
lungs are constantly irritated ?
and kept in just the right ¥
condition for the germs of t
consumption. v
Scott's Emulsion $
of Cod-Liver Oil with the f
Hypophosphites of Lime and f
Soda will both stop the cough f
and heal the lungs, and re- f
store the vitality and resistive X
power of your nerves and f
entire system. j
You gain flesh and strength, and ?
the 3*rms of consumption will have f
no effect upon your lungs. Don't #
waste time with cough mixtures and A
a don't experiment with cheap untried a
Z preparations. J
V At a'l drnrsists ; 5-c. and Uoc ?
f SCOTT &BOW.YE, Chemists. New YbtV k
Beautiful hair is always pleasing, and Par-
ker's Hair Balsam excels in producing it.
Hindercorrn. th# best cure for corns. 15 cts.
The Fastest Train Across the Con*
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa Fe Route.
Connecting train leaves 5 p. m.. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train* and best track of any line to
the East. Ticket efCe*. CS Market street.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbui«d Pullman tourist
sleepins cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. S2S Market street.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. E. M. Palette of Los Angeles Is at
the California.
Dr. J. B. Clayton, U. S. A., Is a guest at
the Occidental.
Lieutenant Colonel C. R. Edwards, TJ.
S. V., is at the Palace.
John T. Rowntree is registered at the
Palace from Denver.
E. D. Beylard has come up from San
Mateo and is at the Palace.
Nicholas Boden, a leading attorney of
San Jose, is at the Palace.
Dr. A. M. Gardner of the Napa Insane
Asylum is at the California.
Mrs. Frank Mclaughlin has come up
from Santa Cruz and is staying at the Pal
ace.
Robert Brown, one of the leading mer
chants of Petaluma, is a guest at the
Grand.
\V. Forsyth, the Fresno raisin grower
and capitalist, is registered at the Occi
dental.
D. N. Anderson, a traveler from Ham
burg. Germany, is registered at the
Palace.
Dwight Hollister, a prosperous rancher
of Hollister. is among the recent arrivals
at the Grand.
F. A. "Wlckersham, a wealthy land own
er of Petaluma, is registered for a short
stay at the Lick.
George E. Goodman, the Napa banker
and capitalist. Is at the Palace, accom
panied by his wife.
Dr. and Mrs. F. H. McXeel of Santa
Rosa are staying at the Grand, ¦where
they arrived last evening.
Dr. A. E. Baldwin, one of the leading
medical men of Chicago, is among the
recent arrivals at the Grand.
H. Wotton and J. Dean, two English
globe-trotters, are registered at the Occi
dental, where they arrived yesterday.
Mrs. John A. Logan, who came home
with the body of her soldier husband. Is at
the Palace, where she registered yesterday
-with her little son and daughter.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, aofter.s
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, ¦whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow*s Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Insolvent Mechanics.
Albert Moss, a mechanic of Broderick.
Yolo County, filed a petition in Insolv-
ency yerttrday in the United States Dis-
trict Court. His liabilities are $3tß 03 and
his assets $125. Arthur H. Myers, a me-
chanic of Sacramento, filed a similar pe-
tition. Liabilities $2SO 77. assets 573 10.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
THE ASSASSINATION OF GOEBEL.
r\ MERICANS of all parties and classes will feel
/ \ something of more than ordinary indignation
at the crime of the man or men who shot
down Senator Goebel in front of the Capitol at
Frankfort. It appears to have been a deliberately
planned assassination, and is the first crime of that
kind ever perpetrated in the struggles of American
political parties for the possession of office.
Had there been an open affray in the streets of
I rankfort there would have been little or no surprise,
for, unfortunately, human life is not held sacred in
Kentucky, and fighting blood is made doubly hot
there by reason of a false standard ot personal honor;
but the Kcntuckians have not been assassins. They
tave fought their quarrels out face to face, and the
shooting of a man irom ambush such as has been
cone m this case is almost unknown among them
There is of course no possible palliation for such a
crime. Xo politician more unscrupulous than ,Goe
tci has ever attained to any high eminence in our
politics, but he was quite within his rights under the
w of Kentucky in seeking to obtain from the Legis
lature a reopening of the issues of the late election
fend procuring from it a decision that would transfer
the governorship from Taylor to himself. It was an
rnwise move on his part and on that of the Demo
cratic leaders who backed him in undertaking it, but
there was nothing in it which in any way justified a
resort to violence on the part of«his political oppo
nents. PP
As our political contests are not infrequently bit
ter, and are conducted with words calculated to ex
cite the worst passions of the partisans on either side,
there is always more or less danger of fights result
ing from them. It is to the credit of our people,
therefore, that, notwithstanding their promptness to
fiphx, there has been very little violence used in the
«ettlement op political controversies. Now and then
there occurs an affray over some municipal office,
but anything like assassination has been rare. It is
true that Garfield was shot by a man animated largely
by political motives, and politics also had much to
ido wiih prompting the assassination of Carter Harri
»fm, but in each of those cases the criminal was hardly
above the grade of a lunatic. Possibly the assassin"
cf Gocbcl may prove to be a creature of a similar
I . Even in that case, however, his punishment
should be swift and sure. Assassination as a political
weapon is one crime which under our system of gov
ernment cannot be palliated upon any ground what-
C V C I*.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE DEAD FROM MANILA— O. S..
City. The reason The Call has not pub
lished a list of the soldier dead from Ma
nila that were brought here on the trans
port that recently arrived, is because no
list was prepared, and as the coflins are
being removed the history of each is dis
covered on the coffin lid. The military au
thorities can, when all the inscriptions
shall have been read, give information to
those interested.
BORN ON THE FIRST— A subscriber.
City. Your baby boy is not the only one
that was born on the first of January,
1900, in San Francisco. It is impossible,
at this time, to tell how many were born
on that day, as the register of births for
that day is not complete, but there are
several already reported as being born
on that day. Selecting a name for a baby
boy that was born on that day is a mat
ter of taste with the parents. If it is the
desire to give the little fellow an odd
name, by reason of being born on the
first day of the last year of the century,
why not call hlm.Prlmo del Omega, which
means the first of the last.
NOTICE TO QUIT— OId Subscriber,
City. A tenancy at will is one where
there is no lease, either written
or verbal, *no matter how created, and
it may be terminated by the landlord
giving notice in writing to the tenant to
remove from the premises within a peri
od of not less than one month, to be
specified in the notice. A three days' no
tice is an unreasonable one. If you find
that the premises occupied by you are
not in a sanitary condition the easiest
way out of the trouble is to secure other
quarters if the landlord will not make
the necessary repairs. The law will not
Justify you in withholding your obliga
tion to pay the rent on the ground that
the premises are not in a sanitary condi
tion, for no one is authorized to take the
law in his own hands. If it is a serious
inconvenience for you to move you can
resort to measures to compel the landlord
to put the premises in order— that is, lodge
a complaint with the Health Board.
WENSINGER'S WILL FILED.
"Widow Is Bequeathed Entire Estate.
Antonia Bandman Asks for
Letters.
The wilt of the late F. S "WVr.slruyr.
who died at the Occidental Hotel on Janu
ary 24. leaving property valued at about
1200,000, was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequeaths his entire esTut? to
his widow. Teresa Wenslnger. In hia will
decedent confirms some deeds made many
months ago conveying property at 622 and
621 Sacramento street and ttl9 an«i C» Com
mercial street, to his niece, Ella Rrod
eriok. and a piece of property at 10X7 to
1021 Polk street to John Wensintrer, a
nephew.
Antonia Bandmann, widow of the late
Juls Bandmann, applied for letters cf ad
ministration upon the $100,000 estate of her
deceased husband. Bandmann was a p'o
neer and veil known in this city.
THE GOVERNOR'S ADDRESS.
GOVERNOR GAGE presented his views to the
Legislature on Monday, not through the
American. method of a message, but through
the method of European loyalty, that of an address.
It is not supposed, however, that the Governor had
any conscious intention of imitating royalty, and
I such imitation as occurred was doubtless due to un
conscious cerebration. His object in calling both
houses together in joint session and delivering an
address to them was probably no more than that of
adding emphasis. to his sonorous sentences and giving
the glow of animation to pis caustic verbiage. If
that were his object he is quite justified in following
•it, for the thing he said needs all the graces of oratory
and the illustration of gesture to render it interest
ing even to those who would like to be interested
in it. .
We regret that having imitated the royal style of
delivering his views, the Governor put into the sub
stance of what he said an imitation of Mayor Phelan's
after-dinner denunciation of journalism. Perhaps that
also, was unconscious cerebration. Certainly the Gov
ernor himself has nothing to. complain of from the
press of California. .Every newspaper in the State
has shown him a great deal of consideration, and not
a single one of them has published his record. It was
therefore an injustice and an ingratitude as well as
bad taste on his part to introduce into his royal debut
a slur upon a profession which, whatever may be its
failings, has certainly been lenient to him.
The Governor announced in his address that he is
of the opinion that the election of another Senator
from California is necessary; first, to the preserva
tion of the Union; second, to the expansion of our
moral influence in the Philippines and in Guam, and,
finally, to the promotion of the commerce and the ma
terial prosperity of California. Those who expected
that in dealing with the Senatorial issue the Gov
ernor would give at least an indirect indorsement to
Burns were mistaken. The demiroyal orator flung
"caustic verbiage" directly in the face of Burns with
a slam by declaring it to be the duty of the Legisla
ture to elect to the United States Senate a man who
will be unquestionably worthy of the high honor —
one whose ability and integrity cannot be justly as
sailed." Just whom the Governor referred to in those
words is not clear, but there will be suspicions that
he thought he meant himself.
One of the interesting disclosures of the address
is the revelation that the Governor intended all along
to call the extra session and was never in any doubt
about it. In one of his impassioned flights he said:
"In taking my oath of office I solemnly pledged my
self to support the constitution of the United States,
and I earnestly believe I would be recreant to that
sacred oath did I fail now to convoke this Legisla
ture for the purpose of electing a United States Sen
ator." In another strenuous sentence the Governor
thundered into the ears of the legislators that failure
to elect a Senator "is treason to the United States."
Of course the Governor could not have intended at
any time to be recreant to his sacred oath, or to be
a party to treason to the Government, and- accord
ingly all his statements of the past denying that he
had made up his mind to call an extra session are to
be regarded as strictly unofficial, and his conferences
with Herrin and Wright of the Southern Pacific
Ra jlroad on the subject were purely perfunctory, de
signed on his part to amuse the railroad officials into
the belief that they are "running things."
In the aggregate the address amounts to about
7000 words, good enough words in their way,
but so huddled together as to be mainly meaningless.
There were times, however, when he became lucid.
•In one of those times he uttered a plea for enlarged
patronage, and argued that he should have the right
to remove appointees and fill the places with men of
his own selection. It appears his particular desire is
to obtain control of the patronage of the lunatic asy
lums, though of course he has no objection to patron
age elsewhere.
Since the Governor was so eager to deliver the ad
dress instead of sending in a message to be read by
the clerks of the two houses, it would be a lack of
courtesy, perhaps, not to notice the style in which
he delivered it. It appears that the proceeding was
generally regarded as an interesting novelty and
drew a full house. The effects differed with differ
ent individuals; some were bored, some were irri
tated, some were amused; some slept, some swore
and some laughed. As an imitation, through uncon
scious cerebration, of Kaiser Phelan and Mayor Wil
liam, it was a failure, and the performance is not
likely to be repeated.
CITY ATTORNEY'S OPINIONS.
He Advises Regarding Appraisers'
Fees and License Taxes.
The City Attorney yesterday sent the
following opinion to City Treasurer
Brooks:
Regarding the payment of fee« of appraisers
appointed by the court for the determination
of amount* due for collateral Inheritance
taxes. I beg to say that you are warranted in
paying the fees of such appraisers upon the
certificate of the Superior Court in and for
the city and county at the rate of $5 per day
for every day actually and necessarily em
ployed In the appraisement, together with the
appraiser's actual and necessary traveling ex
penses. Such fees may be' paid out of any
funds you may have in your hands on account
of said Inheritance tax. (Act of March 23.
1593. section 1L)
The City Attorney also sent the follow
ing opinion to Tax Collector Scott:
In the matter of the collection of license
taxes all doubts shouM be resolved In favor
of the validity of the license and thus in favor
of the city. If there be doubt in your mind
at any time as to whether or not under a
particular state of facts a person 13 exempt
from the payment of a license you are war
ranted In proceeding upon the assumption that
such person Is not exempt, but Is liable. If
such person contends otherwise and r»fu!"»s to
pay the license th» courts must be railed upon
to decide the matter. In vo dividing: each cas»
will of course be treated separately and ac
cording 1 to Its own particular merits. No sren
eral rule can be laid down which would covr
all cases that may arise and to attempt to
decide each case in advance of the legal evi
dence which may be shown upon a trial would
be but an a'tempt to anticipate the derision
of the court before the facts are presented.
COLONIAL
ASSEMBLY
Ladies of the California
Club Turn Back One
Hundred Years.
In powder and patches and dresses that
were the height of fashion more than 100
years ago, the ladles of the California
Club received their guests In their club
rooms in the Y. M. C. A. building last
evening and bade them join In such fes
tivities as were popular in old Colonial
days. . ¦ ."
A Colonial assembly, was an inspiration
of Mrs. J. H. Jewett. Alone she under
took to see the entertainment through,
and the success of the affair is due to
her excellent taste, sure tact and splen
did executive ability.
Although the edict went forth that la
dies and gentlemen alike were to weai
the dress of the Colonial period, the ladles
alone saw fit to follow the letter of the
law. A few gentlemen braver than the
rest appeared in powdered wigs and satin
breeches, but they were the very few ex
ceptions to a general rule. Prominent
among the men in "costume" was "Un
cle" George Bromley. Magnificent in wig
and black satin, he led the grand march
and was the center of an admiring host
of ladle?.
The costumes of the ladles were for the
most part elaborate and elegant, although
.a few elected to appear in gray home
spun and snowy 'kerchief. The spirit of
the Colonial days hovered over the entire
entertainment. ... >¦
The musical programme, which opened
the entertainment, was made up of the
melodies that pleased In the days of our
Puritan fathers and "Washington. The
dances were the dances of olden times and
even the refreshments served were simi
lar to the plain dainties the belles and
beaux were wont to nibble at many, many
years ago. . '¦
More than 200 invited guests enjoyed the
hospitality of the ladies of the club.
Miss Follis' Luncheon at
the University Club.
Miss Lillian Follls gave a luncheon yes
terday at the University Club, that was
in every respect a most elegant affair.
The guests were seated at five- round ta
bles, which were decorated, respectively,
with American Beauty roses, lilies of
the valley, bridesmaid roses, violets and
daffodils. Luncheon was served at 1:30
p. m., and the menu was in keeping with
the beautiful surroundings. i '
Seated at table were: Miss Helen Hop
kins, Miss Georgianna Hopkins, Miss
Edna Hopkins, Miss Alice Hager, Miss
Ethel Hager, Miss Caro Crockett, Miss
Leontine Blakeman, Miss Bessie Ames,
Miss Margaret Salisbury. Miss Mollie
Thomas, Miss Cora Smedberg, Miss Ber
nie Drown, Miss Brigham. the Misses
Smith, Miss Linda Cadwalader, Miss
Anna Voorhels, Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss
Ruth McNutt, Miss Mamie Josselyn. Miss
Fannie Baldwin, Miss Alice Hoffman,
Miss Addle Murphy, the Misses Kane,
Miss Sarah Collier, Miss Edith Mcßean,
Miss Laura McKinstry, Miss Jessie
Watte, Miss Ella Morgan, Mrs. Therese
Morgan, Mrs. James Keeney, Mrs. Rob
ert Oxnard. Mrs. James Flood and Miss
Carrie Taylor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1900.
FREEDOM DUE
THE FILIPINOS
Senator Bacon's Plea
for Justice.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.— For more than
three hours to-day Bacon (D.) of Georgia
occupied the attention of the Senate with
a discussion of the Philippine question.
His argument, which had for its basis his
own resolutions declaratory of the Ciov
ernmenfs policy toward the Philippines,
was listened to carefully by his fellow-
Senators and by a large gallery audience.
Bacon maintained that the United State*
owed as much to the Filipinos as it did
to the Cubans, to whom, by resolution of
Congress, self-government had bf !f n
promised, and he strongly urged that hi.^
resolutions declaring it to be the inten
tion of this Government to confer tn-*
right of government upon the Filipinos be
adopted as a means not only of terminat
ing the war but of extending to a strug
gling people justice and freedom.
AMUSEMENTS.
On* euin— Vsc 2 evtne.
Columbia— "The School for Scandal."
California — "In Paradise."
Tlvoll-"The Iflol-B Eye."
Grand Ojiera-house— • 'Boccaccio."
Alharr.bra— "Him Better Half." •
Alcazar— "Peaceful Valley."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
?renics.
Olyropia. corner l!ss-.n and Ellia ttreets— Special tiea.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
Br Turkish Rub Co.— This day. at 11 a. m. and 1 p. m..
Uucs. at 149 Stockton street.
By Eafton, I.iiiriilEe & Co. — Tuesday, February 6, at 12
•«>'cloclc Iteal Estate, at £2S Market street.
6(THE PEOPLE' S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PHONE. SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
HIS BETTER HALF*.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evenlncr 15c. 25c. 2ic, 60c and 75c
Vatlnee 15c. £sc, 35c and 50c
Next Euiiday Affcrnoon. "LONDON LIFE."
Extra Comlnp— The Real JEFFRIES-SHAR-
KEY CONTEST PICTUJIES. A Card— Mana-
«er» Elilnchouse and Mott pledge their word
that these are the ONLY GENUINE PIC-
I URES OF THE JEFFRIES-KHARKEY CON-
i TEST.
Thef? Pictures will be presented at the Ex-
position bulldinc. Oakland. February 4. S and 8.
OLYMFJA WBM»
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE «HOW IN
THE CITT.
THE BEST BILL IN TOWN.
7VYLLIB. THELMA,
Th* Originator of Pos*a PlastiQU*.
\a/iIITT hill,
Tht Kir.* of th« Air. Without Equal.
CAD W/ILSON,
The Klondike Vaudeville Qaeen.
AND A HOST OF OTHERS.
A JlO.OOO B^'t and Ohfrt»!a!ne belonrlnr to
Cad Wlleon, can be seen in the show window of
the iialiv. :r. Jewc-lry Store. M4-MS Market
street.
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEE EVERY B-NPAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
RACING! RAONG! RACING!
1800— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
January Z2 to February 10. Incluslva,
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
Cay. Friday and Saturday. Rain or »als«.
Five or raor« races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. in. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 11 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. !. !:30 and 3 p. no., connecting
with trains EtopplnK at tbe entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak.
tend. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Froadwav. Oakland. These electrio cars
CO direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
CONCERTS AND BESOE.TS.
CHUTES ANl^ZOO.ai^™ 6 "
MAJOR MITE, the Smallest Actor on Earth.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE BHOW.
TO-MORROW~rrHUREDAY>,
AMATEUR NIGHT!
CONSTANTINOPLE MINSTRELS.
Phone for Baata. PARK 23.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
RUSSIA'S FINANCIAL
CONTROL OF PERSIA
"Widespread Importance of the Czar's
Move in Making the Recent
Loan.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— There is a wide
spread idea here that the Persian loan
has finally accomplished Russia's long
laid plans to obtain complete political and
financial control of Persia, with the
double object of ousting the British and
assuring Russia an outlet on the Persian
BERLIN, Jan. 30.— The news of the
Russian • loan to Persia is inter
preted in Germany to , mean that Per
ela has virtually become Russian. The
press takes that view, which the latest
diplomatic reports from Teheran con
firm. In Berlin financial circles it is said
that the loan will not come to the Ger
man market.
The National Zeitung, referring to the
Russian loan, says: "There is no doubt
that Persia will hereafter be absoluteJy
dependent upon Russfa. The latter may
have made a doubtful financial bargain,
but, politically considered, the transac
tion is unquestionably of the highest im
portance."
DR. GILES TESTIFIES.
Defendant in Murder Trial Tells His
Side of the Affair.
JACKSON. Jan. 30.— Dr. Giles, tho de
fendant, testified to-day. He admitted
using instruments upon the deceased, but
denied having used them for illegal pur
poses. He denied knowledge of tho true
condition of the deceased until after the
autopsy. Severe cross-examination did not
materially shake his testimony.
Held for Homicide.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VALLEJO. Jan. 30.— Charles Hobbs. one
of the proprietors of the Waldorf saloon,
was to-day held to answer on a charge
of killing Joseph Curran In a drunken
row last week. Bail was fixed at $10,000.
AMUSEMENTS.
NATIVES AMBUSH
SCOUTING PARTY
Four Americans Killed
Near Subig.
MANILA, Jan. »>.— A scouting party cf
the Twenty-first Infantry while operating
near Subig was ambushed by insurgents
and a lieutenant and three privates were
killed and two or three privates wounded.
A company some distance in the rear, on
hearing the flrinp. hurried to the scene
and recovered the bodies. Th» local papers
assart, although the statement is not con
firmed, that the insurgents lost forty in
killed and wounded.
COLONEL WILLIAMS
DIES VERY SUDDENLY
Commander of the Marine Corps Bar
racks at Vallejo Succumbs to
the Grim Reaper.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
VALLEJO. Jan. 30.— Colonel Charles F.
Williams. United States Marine Corps,
died very suddenly this mornln)? at 2:3i)
o'clock, after an Illness of a few hours.
Last Friday he was In San Francisco and
acted as a pallbearer at the funeral of
Commander Carlln.
The cause of Colonel 'Williams' death
was hemorrhage of the stomach. Colonel
Williams was one of the men of the navy
who rose from the ranks, havlnjr been a,p
pointed a lieutenant in the Marine Corps
from the Fir^t Connecticut Volunteers, la
which he enlisted as a private In April.
1S61. He served with gallantry durlnjc th«
war and was brevetted captain at Its close.
Since April. 130$. he had been in command
of the marine barracks at Mare Island.
The body will be sent to Baltimore, lid..
for Interment.
MAY BE ACQUITTED
Friends of I»td^i Ferro Have Present
ed a Strong Defense.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 30.— Luigl . F>rro.
charged with the murder of Giovanni da
Rossi, to-day took the stand and sworn
that he killed his victim in self-def^n.v.
He said De Rossi had repeatedly threat
ened to kill him. and as he entere.l the
store De Rossi reached for a couple of
sharp knives used in cutting hams.
The evidence Is in direct contradiction
to that griven at the Inquest, and Ferro's
friends have manufactured a complete de
fense for him. The case was argued to
day and will be given to the Jury In the
morning. A verdict of acquittal is ex
pected.
MESSAGE IN A BOTTLE.
Tells of the Safety of the Schooner
Okanagan.
VICTORIA. Jan. 30.— A bottle contain,
ing the message "All well" from the
schooner Okanagan. In latitude 47:23
north, longitude 127:30 west, has been
picked up at Kyuquot. setting at rest th*
fears expressed that this vessel had been
lost on the west coast, where wreckage
was reported a short time ago. The Okan
agan was bound from Fuget Sound for
Honolulu with lumber.
she Indorses for the benefit of another,
who gets«the money; in the other case
she indorses for her own benefit and re
ceives the money herself.
A married woman could give a power of
attorney, a written authority to another
to do something relating to her separate
real estate, whenever she was permitted
to hold it. but she could not give one for
any other purpose. Yet It haa been ques
tioned whether she could sell, through
another, her separate real estate; In other
words, whether she could authorize an
agent to sign a deed for her. It Is said
that in those cases in which at the tlma
of signing a deed she must be exam
ined apart from her husband, for tha
purpose of finding out whether the sal*
is voluntary on her part and free from
all influence by him, she cannot sell
through another, because if this were
done she would avoid tho needful ex
amination. In other cases, where such
an examination Is not required, she can
appoint an agent or attorney to act for
her and sign the deed. When this '.3
done her husband must sign the poTver
of attorney. Just as ho would the deed
itself. In other words, the paper or In
strument she signs he must sign. too.
By the modern law a married woman
Is liable for all the wrongs, or torts, a3
they are called, which she commits. Sha
Is liable for slander, for fraud, for burn-
Ing property, poisoning jreese, etc. She
may b« liable even for the wrongs of an
agent appointed by her, though at com
mon law she could not be>. because she
could not contract, and therefor* could
not appoint an agent. For wrongs of any
kird. except those against the man she
marries, done before marriage, she is lia
ble afterward, the Fame as though she
were unmarried, and generally her hus
band Is liable also. She also continues lia
ble for crime committed before marriage
and may be prosecuted for any crimes aha
commits afterward, with a few excep
tions in which her husband Is also an
active participant, and bcingr bo. 1»
deemed the sole offender.
An interesting rule of law In Its appli
cation to women is the statute of limita
tions. If A owes B a note drawn in the
usual way, which is not paid at the end
of six years, tha law presumes neverthe
less that it was paid, and B cannot aue
A for the money. The statute cuts off his
right to sue. B cannot get anything from
A unless he is willing to pay. or makes a
new promise that he will pay It. This
statute does r.ot apply to married women.
Thus If A should owe C (a married
woman) a note that became due whil»
Bhe was married, and he did not pay it
within six years, her right to sue him
Is not cut off. The reason given for this
rule is that a married woman cannot sue
alone, and therefore her right to col
lect the note Is not perfect as lone as
she Is a married woman. Of course, she
would be obliged to sue within six years
after the end of her marriage relation, or
lose her right to recover at all. It is con
tended In some of the States where her
; right to sue on contracts is as perfect as
though she were unmarried that this rule
r.o longer prevails, and that there Is no
exception In the statute of limitations in
her favor.
The wide departure in the law with
respect to the lesral rights and liabilities
of a married woman may be lllustrat#d
by a recent case in Kentucky. A mar
ried woman diod and her husband de
clined to pay the b;i!s of the physician
and undertaker. Naturally enough the
law has gone so far in permitting a mar
ried woman to keep her property and
make contracts that the sorrowing hus
band may have thought that his wife
had made a contract with both the doc
tor and the undertaker, and If she had.
respect for her memory Bhould keep him
from interfering. The court, however, de
cided that a husband ought to pay such
bills, but if he failed to do so her estate
could be held for them. A similar de
cision was rendered r.ot long ago in Penn
sylvania. In like manner If a dyinjc
woman should make a contract for her
gravestone her estate clearly could b«
held for the amount.
University of Pennsylvania.
Note— Thl3 paper concludes the "Desk
Studies for Girls." An examination will
be set as the basis for the granting of
certificates.
ATTEMPTED TO
BUNKO A PRIEST
Plan of Four Rogues Is
Foiled.
Ppedal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN EERNABDINO, Jan. SO.— A bold
attempt was made to-day to bunko Father
Cabellaria of the Catholic church. As a
result three men are in jail awaiting In
vestigation. Their names are Joseph
Drarado, Barlto Perdinando and Dominlck
Picar. It Is thoug-nt there was a fourth,
but he has not been taken. The three
called upon Father Cabellaria and told
him they had just returned from Mexico
with considerable wealth which they
wished to leave with a Catholic father
for saKe-keeping while they returned to
Mexico for more and would eventually
settle in San Bernardino and donate a
large sum to the church here. The priest
agreed to accept the charge, but they de
manded that he place In the box with
their valuables $300 as a token of good
faith and he could keep the box while
they retained tha key. He made another
appointment with them and went to tho
bank to draw the $300. Fortunately he
told Cashier S. F. Zombro what he in
tended to do with the money and was ad
vised to have officers concealed to watch
the men as undoubtedly It was a bunko
game. Accordingly City Marshal Hender
son and Policemen Ketrlng and Worden
were concealed in an adjoining room
when the men returned to complete the
deal. They took the money from the
father and with preat ostentation placed
it In the box with the other valuables,
locked and handed the box to Father
Cabellaria. The officers stepped out and
covering the men with revolvers took
them in charge. On examination the box
contained an envelop* with several hun
dred dollars In Confederate bills and sev
eral expired lottery tickets and also a
black bag containing: a bag ln?ide that
only went half-way down. In the bot
tom portion was several pounds of Iron
washers, the top portion being to place
a few eolnß as a blind, but these had been
taken out. The money deposited by
Father Cabellaria was tied up securely In
a white handkerchief, wrapped In paper
and was supposed to be a piece of brick.
There was also in this box a bag of iron
bolt heads securely tied to a cheap watch
and chain and a few valueless trinkets.
The bunko men had a room at the Brad
ford lodging-house.
£fInBBBHEHBBBBBBBBBHBBa
| Free Tickets I
83 B
3 TO THE |5
! Orpheum! I
1 Q
¦• BUT TOUR B
\ I BPOX BPd I
I ivory Soap |
k SATE TOUR WRAPPERS AND O
= GET FREE TICKETS TO THH B
H ORPHETJi. Q
:B '¦ B
| The Johnson-Locke I
| Mercantile Co., |
g 204 FRONT STREET. U
geAN JTRANCTSOO. «
Will Exchange for Lenox and Irory n
ESoap Wrapper! gj
FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHKUM H
4 - UNDER THE FOLLOWING CON- H
P* DITION8: • H
[3 if Ton Want a tsc Reserved Beat H
B P«nd as Wrappers of LENOX SOAP n
B Or 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP S
m Or else i>end 15 Wrappers of LENOX 3
5 6OAP and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP «
*•• If You Want a Me Reserved Beat B
B Per.d 60 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP H
£2 Or U Wrappers of IVORY SOAP T*
m Or «ls» eend 25 Wrappers of LENOX 71
S EOAPand liWrappers of IVORY SOAP *•
BBBHEBgBHHBBgBgBBBBBBB
£38S£?i««f'v wlll guarantee
/ Jij£*^;v:«i2iJSv that ray Kidney Cure
*^i^ J i£c'3 < £'2iT ¦will core 90 per cent
ft^*"*^'^^sl of all form* «f kidney
<*3r «!-^5 °° m Pi*l°t and In
vr -*^-'c/ ma= y Instances the
WS *WS>"ii"?4ar most acrlons forms of
\* T ¥ef Brlght's disease. If
X /"fc^^ii *^c disease Is coin-
\^<*-jgs^J plicated eend a four-
/re^ JTyfiX. ounce vial of tirtne.
s^'^fe^^ZlF-*^^ We will analjxe It
and advise you freo
™1 | OF what to do.
f | r iruNTox.
XX an Irccrlsrc. 29e. a rial. Oslde to Health
a*<l Tnw?i<-ai ad«-| r< i fr*g 13OT Arrh «t.. Phlla.
"^TI^iWIWfFI^
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I b A GREAT RESTORATIVE, IN'VIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
The cost wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic foe the £exual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
ceys ar.d Bladder, c-llt on its own merit*.
NABEfi. ALFS & BRUNE. Airents.
£U Market sireet. B. F. — 'Send for Circufar).
A24T7SEMEMTS.
' CPLUNBIAiS»
Every Xirfct Occlufiinc Sna.) M*tln»* 6«t.
LAST t NIGHT?— J SIATIXEES.
XOtnS KATHRTS CHARLES B
JAUES KIDDER HANFORD
anfl a Coir.penj- of S7 P*ople.
EPECTAL MATINEE TO-DAT.
aad Thursday ar.d Saturday Nichtg
"TH.: WINTER'S TALIL»*
TO-K7GHT and Saturday Ma.tloe«.
"THE SCHOOL » OR SCANDAL."
"""RIDAT 'THE RIVALS'"
SUNDAY "MACBETH"
B«Hnr.!cr NEXT MOXDAT.
Erocemret Limited to EUrbteea Nigtata and
Thr^e Matinees.
THE FAMOUS
BOSTONIANS
Presenting the Nor Light Opera.
"THE SMUGGLERS OF BADAYEZ."
CFAT< RFADY
OLrt 1 <O TO-MORROW.
\ YOU STOP
CAN'T A
g-ooid THiiisra-!
IT THE PtTBLIC WANTS IT
THEY WILL HAVE IT.
EVERTBODT IN TOWN COMES TO SEE
"IN PARADISE*
The Lacpr.!n«*«t Ccrwiy Ever Presented
by tb«
FRfIIVLEY COMPfINY.
AND NEXT StTNDAT NIGHT COMES
"T"Mr^ CUCKOO/ 1
•TU gaid 'TU runclw Tban All.
XIATTNEE TO-DAT (WEDNESDAY). Jan. a.
Punquet. 25c any »eat: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c any part.
A SHOW WITHOUT A FLAW !
BEST THIS POPULAR HOUSE HAS
EVER OFFERED.
THE HQIXOWATS: V.HTKT arJ F.IVTERE; j
l TARTIZ Tr.IO; SOIILKE-S AKCHIFHUA- |
' GOANS; IRENE FRANKLIN; PAPINTA: !
J. O. BARROWS, JOHN A. LANCASTER ]
AND COMPANY: EDNA BASSETT MAR- |
6IIALL AND OOMPAXT: 3. NEWMAN.
TIVOL! OPERA-HOUSE.
"SOOT MON. Lvery One Is Landing!"
THIRD WEEK
Of th« Ericnaoua Cvrnic Opera Triumph.
THE IDOL'S EYE.
X>«T Ever^sc «t I. Mat.nee Saturday at I
THE BEST PERFORMANCE EVER SEEN'
IN FRISCO!
Thl» Is What Press and PsblJc Say!!
P^DPCLAR PRICES ZSe ANT> 50c
Telephone Biuh t.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
"Jnst Dropped in oa Mother."
601~ SMITH RUSSELL'S
Beautiful Pastoral Play.
Peaceful Valley
ItATINXE EATCRDA.T AND SUNDAY.
£g% RESERVED SEATS %*>%
Next Week— FR I ENDS
Er.ea*«=»at of MART HAMPTOX.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 122.
THIS EVENING,
r. -h and Ccartly R*v!val of Euppe'a Famous
Comic O^era,
MONDAT NEXT— David Henderson'* F*-
Ifccus Extr*ri.tar.z*.
"ALADDIN JR."
HEfAL POPL'LAR PRICES.
Good Re*»ervec Seat In Orcbertra. Saturday
Branch TH-ket Oface. Emporium.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL,
23 EUTTER STREET.
THE ILLUSTRIOUS SOPRANO.
KLLE. ANTOINETTE
WILL GIVE
AN EXTRA SONG RECITAL
Saturday Afternoon Next.
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
Reserved Seats. {1 and SI SO,
At Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Music Store.
Oppression, SuSocation, Henralgia, etc., cored bj
ESPICS CIGARETTES, or POWDER
faris. J. E£P:C ; Stw Terk. C. rOUSE&A « CO.
»UI.H LJ 4.1.1. DRUGGUiTtL
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS: THE LAW.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
VII. THE LAW RELATING TO
MARRIED WOMEN.
By the common law marriage had a cu
rious effect en a woman. She almost
ceased legally to be. She could make no
contracts and her husband kindly relieved
her of pretty nearly everything she had
In the way of property. He was the
owner even of her clothes, her railroad
ticket or any other thing which he
thought worth having. On the other
hand, he was bound to support her. and
even the little bills she might have con
tracted before marriage for millinery,
dressmaking, soda water, rouge and the
like, he was legally bound to- pay. So.
too, In the eye of the law and in his pres
ence she could do no wrong, and this was
very delightful. She might be a real vi
rago and thrash a man before her hus-
band's eyes, yet in law (what a curious
thing the law is!) she had done no wrong;
her husband was the alnner and had to
suffer for It. If she could sue no one for
any wrong done to her, on the other hand
no one could sue her alone; her husband
must be made a party In all cases.
This legal relation was based on the
idea that by marriage the two persons
were blended into one— a kind of Siamese
twin affair— and that public policy re
quired they should be kept as closely to
gether, during all weathers and on all oc
casions, as possible. Consequently she
could make no contracts, for if this were
I permitted she could forthwith assert some
Independence, on which the' law coldly
frowned. She could not even make a will
and give away her property, still less
make a gift during her lifetime. In short,
from one point of view she was the near
est to zero of any living thing.
Then equity, not law, began to have
pity on her and come to her relief. It de
clared that, if she had any real estate
before marriage or that if any good uncle
should remember her afterward and give
her a corner city lot or a farm, she might
still hold it as her own. Her husband
might be perfectly willing to take it. but
she could keep it if she wished, and make
a contract with reference thereto that
would be binding. Such a contract equity
upheld as a charge on or against the real
estate. In other words, the other con
tracting party might lend her money on
the security of her real estate, and in
the end take it If the debt was not paid.
Her personal property, however, her
stocks, bonds and the like, all went by
the common law to him, and thus she
was relieved of all thought of taking care
of them. Possibly the learned Judges
may have thought that by giving her such
a unique position among the daughters of
women they were favoring marriage,
which the courts, whatever others may
think, have always regarded as desirable
for the well being of society.
As the trembling steps of equity In favor
of married women did not result in the
overthrow of the happiness of the family,
but rather tended to strengthen it. the
Legislatures gradually began to set ande
the common law and permit married
women to keep their property and to make
contracts in relation thereto. Before giv
ing the more Important of these changes
It may be noted that by common law
when a wife's husband left the country
: or permanently abandoned her she had al
most the same rights as an unmarried
woman. Again. If he were civilly dead,
for example, if he were banished, out
lawed or imprisoned for life (which many
doubtless regard as an uncivil death), his
wife could sue and be sued and make con
tracts Just as she could before this
strangely civil thing had happened to him.
But the insanity of a husband has never
endowed her with similar freedom.
It may also be Etated that, while the
happy effect of marriage often is, and
rightly, too, to add somewhat to the dig
nity and importance of the parties in so
ciety, it has not the magical effect of re
moving their minority if they happen to
be under age at the tlma of marrying.
Marriage may have the effect of taking
a good deal out of them in the way of
money, temper and the like, but they are
infants still. An infant husband may feel
very proud over his feat of marriage, but
in law he cannot make a contract for a
single more goose egrs than he could be
fore. And if both are Infants, as they
sometimes are In more senses than the
strictly legal one, they are under the same
disabilities to make contracts for any
other purposes than necessaries until tney
attaln their majority as are other in-
By statute law a married woman can in
every State probably make a will and dis
pose of her property as freely as an un
married one. except so far as the husband
may have some rights in her property, as
she has in" his. Thus in nearly every State,
if not all. a married woman is entitled to
the use or income of a part (usually one
third) of her husband's real estate after
his death, and he cannot by his will * t
her off from this right. This Is ca>Jk-J
her dower. If he should give her other
property, stocks, bonds, etc., thinking she
would prefer them, she could reject these
and stick to her rights In his real estate.
Sometimes she does so. When she th!nk»
she can get more from this than the pt-r
eonal estate given to her. unless her love
for him gets the better of her love for
the larger possible Income, she declines
to receive that given to her by will and
elects to take his real estate under the
law Usually when he has tried to cut
her" off with an inadequate or improper
sum her affection for him has not been
so far raised by the act as to blind her
eyes to the larger possibilities.
In this same connection something may
be said concerning deeds of real estate
given by married persons. As a married
woman has a right of dower In her hus
band's real estate, in many States he can
not give a valid deed to such property
unless she signs it with him. This is not
the law in all of them, especially the old
er States. On the other hand, he must
Join with her In a deed for the sale of her
real estate. At common law, before
equity regarded her. he had an actual es
tate to sell and convey; but evtn now,
though her real estate is actually l:eld as
her own. he most In most cases sijrr the
deed with her to make the sale and trans
ier vaUo. ,
Turning from real estate, to personal,
very generally a married woman can
keep her personal estate and the Income
therefrom quite as effectively as she
could if unmarried. This applies to the
personal property she may have at the
time of her marriage or that is gained
afterward, either by gift, purchase or labor.
In other words, she can hold and manage
it quite as freely as she could if there
were no husband around. Nor has any
serious harm resulted from this change
in the law. It Is true that the husband
is less of a family king than he was be
fore, is more docile if she carries the bag
and does not lose It. but the great fear
of the Judges of the olden time that such
a change In the marital relation would
lead to marital war has proved to be with
out a real basis.
Another change In the law affects the
married woman 8 right to engage in busi
ness. So long as she could make no con
tracts of course she could not be the ac
tive party In any business. The only way
she could then act was through her hus
band. If a woman wished to conduct a
millinery store her husband, however
worthless he might be. was the only
agency through whom rhe could act. In
many cases she went Into business be
cause of his inability or unwillingness to
support her. or perhaps "support himself.
And yet she was obliged to act through
him. Pennsylvania was one of the first
States to start the new movement by en
acting that a married woman could tn
gage In business and make binding con
tracts while her husband was at sea.
From this mustard seed has grown up
the law around this subject. To-day, al
most everywhere, she can engage in busi
ness and make contracts with as much
freedom as an unmarried woman. One
limitation on her power relates to the in
dorsing or guaranteeing of notes. She
cannot indorse or guarantee the debt of
another. But she can indorse a note of
her own. Thus, if A made his note pay
able to B, who wished additional security,
its indorsement by a married woman for
A's accommodation would not be valid
and she could escape payment If Bhe
pleased. But if she took a note in her
business for goods that she had sold, pay
able to her order, and she wished to raise
money on It by having It discounted, she
could Indorse it. and if it were net paid
by the maker she would be held as in
dorser if the proper steps were taken to
fasten her liability. The difference be
tween the two cases we think Is plain.
Though the form of indorsement liv- each
case may be the same, in the on* ;ase
CLARK INQUIRY
NEARING AN END
Interesting- Testimony of
Witness Geiger.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 80.--When the
Senate Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions to-day adjourned its hearing of th«
charges made against Senator Clark of
Montana, in connection with his election
to the United States Senate, It was under
stood that the defense would be prepared
to proceed with Its witnesses not later
than Monday next. Campbell said he
would have only one or two more wit
nesses, and, without stating how many
men he would call, Faulkner said his wit
nesses would follow each other In rapid
succession and there would be no delays.
There .was but one witness on the stand
to-day— J. H. Geiger, who on a contest
was given the seat of State Senator In
the Montana Legislature from Flathead
County, at first occupied by Whiteside.
who is one of the principal movers in the
fight against Clark. Geiger voted for
Clark, but he insisted that he did so only
because the Republican caucus had de
clared for him. He confessed to having
taken $3600 in money home after the ad
journment of the Legislature. Of this
sum he claimed to have won $1600 to $1800
playing faro, and to have found $1100 of
it in $100 bills in his room. This latter
amount he thought had been left for him
to influence him to vote against bills 132
and 134, relating to corporations, but he
did not know who had left it there. Gei
ger said he had received no money to
vote for Clark, and while he admitted
having been approached with the view of
bribing him on other propositions, he re
fused to give the names of persons who
had talked with him, saying that to do
so would Incriminate himself.
MAY GET MONEY
FOR CREDITORS
Important Ruling in a
Bankruptcy Case.
Special Wspatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 80.— Referee In Bank
ruptcy Coulter to-day made an important
order in the insolvency case of E. B.
Howard, the fruit broker, who is accused
of wrecking the Union Savings Bank.
The suit is to secure an accounting of
2.555.550 pounds of prunes. The fruit in
question Is some that Howard consigned
to the firm of Turle & Skidmore of
New York. The senior member of the
firm died a few months ago and the busi
ness is now conducted by Sylvester G.
Whitton, executor of the estate, and it
is this person who has been ordered to
give an accounting. Howard claims that
Turle & Skidmore are indebted to him
in the sum of $25,000. but the firm declares
it only owes him $7000. Trustee Bills
recently returned from New York where
he examined into the matter. Some time
ago the New York firm presented a state
ment to Referee Coulter in which they
stated they held 2,558.000 pounds of dried
fruit that was shipped by Howard and
that had not yet been sold. In New York
Trustee Bills learned that the fruit in
question had been sold for about $100,000.
The firm also claimed that Howard owed
them about $95,000 for money advanced.
Referee Coulter holds that the sale of
fruit was illegal without an order from
court, as by filing the claim and state
ment Turle & Skidmore had virtually put
the property in the custody of the court
and under its control and direction. If
this fruit is recovered it means many
thousands of dollars to be divided among
the creditors to whom Howard owed
nearly half a million dollars.
The friends of the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. *
If you are framing pictures examine our
new moldings and matboards In tints to
match. -Any picture can be appropriately
and inexpensively fitted In our frame de-
partment. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street. .' •
GIANT OIL \
companyl
9
Location of Wells, McKittrick, Kern County, Cal. I
Capitalization, $500,000. J
60Q acres of land, U. S. Patent. In the heart of 9
the now famous McKittrick district, selected by ex-
perts and proven to be one of the best Oil-produc- o
ing properties in the State. •
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, President. f
J. M. MERRELL,' Vice-President. \\
OFFICES: 1
Rooms 15-16, Second Floor, c
Mills Building, San Francisco. <>
460-462 Eighth Street, Oakland, Cal. •
ELOPING COUPLE MAY
PERISH IN THE SNOW
Fears Entertained for the Safety of
. Oatie Whatten, Who Ran Away
From Covelo.
COVELO. Jan. 30.— The brother of Oatle
Whatten, who eloped on Sunday with an
aged man named Tatham, has just re
turned from a vain effort to get over the
pass of Anthony Peak. After getting into
wild places, snow and brush, he aban
doned the attempt to follow his misguided
Bister. Fears are entertained for the
pafety of the eloping party. There is a
heavy snowfall on the pass. Another at
tempt will be made to-morrow by volun
teer friends. Two years ago a man lost
his life from exposure on the pass.
GERMAN STEAMSHIP
REMUS IS WRECKED
Captain and Thirteen Men Perish in
a Disaster OS the Coast of
Denmark.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— The German steam
er Remus, which sailed from Philadelphia
on January 4. via Dartmouth, January 22,
has be?n wrecked at Hormsriff, near Aar
huus. Denmark, whither she was bound
Her cargo is a total loss. The caotairi
and thirteen men were drowned. Four
teen of the crew were saved
The . R , e c m > us bullt at We «t HartJe
pool in ISS9 and registered 1655 tons. She
halls from Hamburg and was owned by
C. Andersen. . J
Pioneer Dead.
LJVERMORE, Jan. 30.— Marcus Fel's
the oldest resident of LJvermore Valley
and one of the oldest native sons of Cali
fornia, la dead. He has practiced veter
inary surgery around the interior of th*»
county for many years, and was seized
with convulsions while doctoring a hors*»
here yesterday. A few hours lat«?r ho
died without ever rallying. The deceased
was born In this vicinity seventy vcara
ago and always resided in the neighbor
hood of his birth. Coroner Mehrmann
was apprised of the death and will hold
an Inquest to determine th© cause.
DISSENSIONS CEASE
IN THE IRISH RANKS
LONDON, Jan. 20.— A1l sections of the
Irish Nationalists were absent from the
opening session of Parliament, owing to
their attendance at a meeting In commit
tee room 16. Timothy Harrington, mem
ber for the Harbour division of Dublin,
presided. Those in attendance Included
Dillon, Healy. John Redmond and many
of their followers.
Harrington and Redmond urged that
the time had come to restore unity in the
ranks of the Parliamentary representa
tives of Irish Nationalistic Redmond de
scribed the prestige of Great Britain as
practically shattered and said there
seemed to be no better time for promoting
union upon a sound and enduring basis,
coupled with a policy of unity in com
bat and entire independence of all the
English political parties. He then moved
a resolution declaring at an end the di
vision of the Irish Nationalist represen
tatives and t*:\t henceforth they should
act together as one united party.
The resolution was carried unanimously.
By Mr. Healy's motion three whips were
elected for the reunited party.
John Redmond made the following
statement to a representative of the As
sociated Press:
The crisis In Imperial affairs, the conse
quences of which no man can foresee, has
caused a reunion In the Irish ranks. My reso
lution was accepted unanimously, chiefly be
cause of the desire to enable Ireland to make
herself felt at this Juncture In pushing Irish
reforms and In assisting the gallant South
African republics to maintain their independ
ence. The first act of the reunited Irish will
be to move an amendment to the address in
favor of the Boers. This duty has been con
fided to me. I regard the reunion on Parnell's
principles cf Independence as genuine. One
question, that of the chairmanship, will not be
settled for some days. Hut I think a unani
mous selection will be made.
TWO YOUTHFUL TRAMPS
WHO ENJOY THE VOCATION
Beat Their Way From Kansas City
and Are Finally Arrested in
Pasadena.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Jan. 30.— Bert Howard,
aged 15, and Andrew Shaw, aged 14, trav
eled from Kansas City and are now here
under the charge of Secretary Parsons of
the Y. M. C. A. When a constable tele
graphed to the father of one of the boys
he received this reply: "Turn him loose
and let him get his belly full of it."
They are boy tramps and they like It.
They were on a freight train and got off
at the Pasadena depot of the Santa Fe.
A constable saw them and began talking
with them. They told him that they
wanted to be tough and see the world.
They had beaten their way by easy
stages, having started with $3 In their
pockets. Once they rods in an engine at
the invitation of an engineer. That was
great sport they said. When the con
stable showed his star they pretended to
be good little boys and were sorry that
they had told so much. They were taken
before the Justice, who decided that it
would not be well to send them to Jail
and put them under the care of Secretary
Parsons.
*
Pacific Coast Pensions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— Pensions have
been granted as follows:
California— Original— Frederick Rudd,
Temecula Station, $6: Samuel A. Tiittle,
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $12; Michael
Hardy, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles %$.
Original widows, etc.— Mary E. McNalr,
Fresno. 58; Sarah F. Punk, Tulare, $8.
Washington— lncrease— George N. Cro
dle, Tenino, $10 to $12. Original widows-
Maggie E. Barker, Seattle, |8. Original—
James Lawrensen, Sequin, $3.
Fresno's New Fire Chief.
FRESNO, Jan. 30.— At a special meeting
of the Board of City Trustees last night
William F. Leavitt was elected chief of
the Fresno Fire Department. Mr. Leavitt
was appointed at a meeting of the volun
teer firemen three or four weeks ago. Bub
ject to the confirmation of the Trustees.
The board had xefused to confirm the ap
pointment until last night.
BRYAN CORDIALLY
GREETED AT BOSTON
Informs Republicans That the Party's
Principles Have Changed Since
the Days of Lincoln.
BOSTON, Jan. 30.— Hon. William J.
Bryan was the central figure of an un
usual demonstration in this city to-night.
After participating in several events of
lesser importance during the day Mr.
Bryan addressed an Immense mass meet
ing in Mechanics' Hall, a building con
taining'a seating capacity greater than
any other In Boston. It Is estimated that
there were over 15,000 persons in the hall,
hundreds of whom remained standing
throughout the evening. The speakers
included Mr. Bryan, ex-Governor Altgeld.
Congressman Lentz of Ohio and George
Fred Williams of Dedham.
The first speaker, Hon. George Fred
Williams, was received with three cheers
and a tiger. During his address he ex
pressed sympathy with the Boers, a senti
ment that was vociferously applauded.
The next speaker, ex-Governor Alt
geld, was accorded a hearty reception by
the great audience. He declared that the
United States purchased the Philippines
from Spain and entered upon the task of
subjugating the rightful owners of the
islands because England desired it.
Speaking of the South African war the
speaker said It was the first time the Gov
ernment of the United States had failed
to extend sympathy for a people flghtin?
for its liberties.
The third speaker, Congressman Lenta
of Ohio, was warmly received. He said
that Abraham Lincoln was not quoted by
the Republican party to-day, and that the
Bryan Democrats were celebrating the
anniversary of Lincoln's birth. While Mr.
Lentz was speaking Mr. Bryan entered
the hall in company with Robert Treat
Paine. He was greeted by the vast audi
ence rising to its feet and cheering for
several minutes. At the conclusion of Mr.
Lentz's address, at 10:10 o'clock. Mr.
Bryan was Introduced. The first part of
hi 3 remarks were addressed to Repub
licans, who were informed that the party
had changed its principles since the days
of Lincoln. Later, he took up the subject
of imperialism, the gold standard and
trusts, assailing -each along the lines al
ready indicated In his speeches.
ENDS A LIFE OF
SHAME WITH POISON
Bosita Gonzalez, a "Woman of the
Half World, Swallows Carbolic
Acid With Fatal Effect.
"I have waited for him long enough
now; I am tired of life."
With these words Rosita Keller, known
among her associates as Roska Gonza
lez, a young Mexican woman of the half
world, swallowed the contents of a two
ounce vial of carbolic acid last evening
In her room at a lodging house on the
southwest corner of Broadway and Stock
ton street. After taking the deadly drug
the woman threw the empty bottle in
the hallway and then sat on the bed in
her room to await death.
The woman was hurriedly driven to the
City Receiving Hospital. She was in an
unconscious condition and efforts to re
store her failed. She died in a few min
utes after reaching the hospital.
Deceased was a married woman and
about 25 years old. For some time past
she has not been living with her husband
and to her associates she confided that her
husband had deserted her and her two
children and had not contributed to their
support for years. The children had been
placed In the Infants' Shelter, while the
mother supported them and herself on the
earnings or her shame. The lodgers In
the house say that for some time the
woman had been keeping company with
a young man. but of late he has not been
to visit her and they believe for this rea
son the unfortunate woman took her lite.
A note addressed to the matron In charge
of the Infants' Shelter was found in the
woman's room. It was a request to find
a good home for her little ones.
The woman has made many previous
attempts to commit suicide.
WABNEB'S BEMEDIES.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1900.
7
Says Or. Pancoast, "is one of the
surest Indications of a diseased
condition of the Kidneys."
The number of men and women dying daily from "heart failure" is appalling.
"I nrough the failure of the kidneys to properly perform their functions, extra work
put upon the heart and lungs with the result that these great organs wear out be-
iore they ought to. Shortness of breath indicates kidney trouble. Warner's Safe
"re, a scl-ntific vegetable preparation, absolutely cures all kidney diseases — thou-
so testify.
79%rs York Stck Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. M.— The etock market
threw eff it* lethargy and inertness to-flay
In a very impressive manner. There wu quite
an active demand for stock* from the start In
the ehope of buying orders accumulated over
eight, and the demand gathered volume and
urgency pretty steadily throughout the day.
The rise was so considerable at so ie points
as to Invite prcfit taking, but offering* on this
account were absorbed with «jch confidence j
that the selling soon ceased and the market
closed with an upward course of prices and
burst of animation at the best prices of the
day. Although -there was substantial Increase
in "what Wall rtreet called outside Interest, the
market riust still be described as larcely pro
le«t-ior.al. The strength was also to a great ex
tent epotty. That is to say, ccrr.slaratlve.iy few
etocks or groups of stocks rose buoyantly, while I
the large part of the list moved In a more se
date manner, but still upward. While this is
true of a perspective view of the whole market,
there was nevertheless a notable broadening out
In »peculativ«? Interest. It ha* been manifest for
some lime that the floating supply of stocks
v ..- email and that prices moved easily on any
considerable demand. Hut the obvious unwill
ingness ol prices to go down and the determined
Ignoring of dejireei-infr Influences reflected from
the London market have reemed until to-day
to be viewed with apathy by the upeculative
public. These evenis have, of course, tended
to build ui> a confidence in the nubility of
values, and apparently It needed only some
rpex?ial Incident to crystallize sentiment into an
active buying movement. The action of the
directors at the American Steel and Wire Com
pany >«>Bteniay In setting aside a years divi
dend for the common block at the rate of 7 per
rent and the handsome showing presented in
the balance-sheet of last year's business was
the effective incident. There was a rush to buy
American Steel and Wire Et the opening, and
quotation* were a full point apart on running
eale*. The clock wsored a subsequent advmice
which carr">d it u;> an extreme five points. Its
net gain Ir 3%. This aKKressive strength had
a marked Ejrr.;>ath<-tic influence on all the metal
etocks, all the more l*-caune of the depression
which they have long suffered. Th«re was a
large demand from another sort in the interior
and the prevailing cold weather resulted in a
i-udden Jump In the price of coalers.
In the railroad lift, the grangers and all the
Pacific and Southwestern stocks were In nota.b!e
demand, but the whole lift was stronif. The
only thing to account for the sudden drop of
11% in Plttsburg, C. C. and St. Louis was a
report of a new Pltteburg-Chicago line In
contemplation. Chesapeake and Ohio was
heavy, perhaps In fyrcpathy. The first two
hours of trailing recorded &p many ealrs at the
recent »\-erage for a full day's bueln«rsi>. While
the market Is still largely DrofeieloriaJ, the
ctJlber of the operator* le obviously much
heavier than those recently in ei-l<l»nce. ::.::
%]'.¦.;.: :r, .:.-:„ ¦'<:¦•'...• lit a thousand aharea and
upward being frequently recorded.
Bonds ehowed increased activity and were
etrong throughout. Total tales, par value,
j:. wo.ooo.
United States old *'% registered advanced %
and couocn % In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
2W Atchison W\
6.225 Atchifon prefd » <r>%
2,016 Baltimore & OhSo I*4
Canadian Pacific V 4
Canada Southern 4g
7.200 Cherap»rak» & Ohio ] 2S
1.Kf.0 Chicago Grest Western [. 13%
:.'.•.•.' Chicago Turlington & Quincy 122%
Chicago Ind & Louisville 15
Chicago Ind A: Louisville prefd 45
Chicago & i:;m«-m Illinois 8714
400 Chicago &. Northwestern ICO4
J.OCO Chicago P.otk ly'.arjd & i'acinc..."!lO6 f »
225 C C C & Ht Louii! COt"
810 Colorado Southern ; '.] 514
li 7 Colorado Southern Ist prefd ." 43
£40 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14
1.410 Delaware & Hurtso:; 11SV4
I.KO Delaware Lack & Western.. ..'.'.'.'.'.'.' in
Periver & Klo Grand* 17ii
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd C 9
Erie ]]'[ jjv
728; Erie Ist prefd 335?
Great Northern prefd "ISS
Hocking <".«U \\\ j C , 4
ISO Hocking Valley 33 *
•855 Illinois Control 114' i
V>H lowa Central "" y>\,
lowa Central prefd *2
200 Kaneas City PHttburg & Gulf "g
Laice Erie & Western ¦/.". 22
Lake Erie & Western prefd MV4
Lake Shore 194
2.456 Ixulxvllle & Nashville 7j,tz
C.tOS Manhattan L ;,5vJ
6.22 i Metropolitan Street Railway 170%
.800 Mexican Ontral U%
LSOO Minneapolis & £t Lfjuis Cl
2*) Minneaj>olis & Pt Louis preffl 91
»,CW) Missouri Pacific 44
Mobile & Ohio; 49
Mlßcouri Kaneati A- Texs* 10
400 MlHsouri Kansas & Teta« prefa 224
1.012 New Jersey Central 117Vj
B.iVi New York Central 1244
2.555 Norfolk & Western 2C%
1,601 Norfolk & Wfrtern prefd 70»;
2.64» Northern I'ociflc 11%
1.433 Northern Pariflc prefd 7414
3,325 Ontario & Western 22%
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
....... Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 7( ,
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S5
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 fcSft
Sterling Cables — *W
New York Exchange, sight — .»
New York Exchange, telegraphic — lv'/i
Fine Silver, per ounce — oS%
Mexican Dollars « 4!>k
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are firm, with charters
at 37s and 27s 6d. The chartered wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of 54,300, against
10,140 tons on the same date last years; disen
gaged, 4763 tons, against 29.144; on the way to
this port. 161,760 tons, against 201. 5C0.
WHEAT— Liverpool was higher and Pari6
lower. Chicago declined, on disappointing
cables. ! The crowd was overbought. Later on
In the session there was more firmness on Brad
street's estimate of a decrease of 3.000,000 in
the visible supply. In addition the weather was
cold, with no protection In the winter Wheat
belt. The scalpers were short.
Future ar.d spot prices were both lower In the
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 98%c®$l; milling.
Uol * eio3^ ALL BOA*D SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls.
$1 024; 16.000, $1 <Si: 2000. $1 02H; 20.000. $1 OJH.
December-6000. $1 OC4; 4000. $1 06%; 40»0. $1 W,%.
Second Session— May— 4ooo ctls. $1 02V4. De
cember-60ii0. $1 C6U. ¦
Regular Morning Session— Dfc«muer- 12,000
ctls $106%: 4000, $1 05H: Ie.OOO, $1 05%. May—
14.000. $1 01H: 14,000. $1 01H.
Regular Afternoon Session— December— 2000
ctls, $1 05%. May— 6ooo, $1 01 T *.
BARLEY— Dullness still prevails and quota
tions show no change from day to day.
Feed 76<§'774c for No. 1 and 65<37J4e for oft
grades; Brewing and. Shipping grades, 80®S74c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
• Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Regular Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Dealers report rather more demand,
with a firmer feeling In consequence, though
prices show no improvement.
White, $1 10@l 80; Red, $1 07HS1 20; Gray.
$1 07%@l 17V4; Black, 97Wc@$l 07V4-
CORN — The market continues dull. Eastern
White Is quoted at Ssc®sl 02V4 per ctl and East
ern Yellow at $I©l 05; mixed, 97Hc®$l.
RYE— $I^l C 5 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUH— California famlyl wctras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washlnirton. $2 75@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as follows.
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 60; Oat
Groats, $4 CO; Hominy, $3 25ft3 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4ft4 25; Cracked Whoat $3 75; Farina,
$4 50- Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60: Rolled Oats
(barrels), $tt@7 23; In sacks, $5 75®7; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100
lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continues weak at the decline previously
mentioned. Supplies are large. There is no
chance In Feedstuffs.
BRAN— JI4KIS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7«2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $14®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28^27; Jobbing,
$27 60®2S; Cocoanut Cake. 1 $20^21; Corn Meal,
$23@23 60; Cracked Corn, $23 50®'24: Mixed Feed,
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat $6 6OffS 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6 50-g8 50;
Oat. $MjS; Barley. $5©7; Alfalfa, $G©7 60 per
ton.
STRAW— 2S® COc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Bear.* continue to point upward, white de
scriptions being preferred. The demand for all
kinds Is good and holders are unwilling to sell,
unless at a good profit. There Is nothing neir
in Seeds.
BEANS- Bayos, $3 25@3 35; small White. $3 20
03 35: large White. $2 90@3 10; Pinks, $2 50®
2 85; Reds. $3 60®3 75; Blackeye. $4 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $5 16@5 25; Pea, $3 20®3 40; Red
Kidneys, $3 60®4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard 3@3V4c; Yellow Mus
tard, 4!&4Hc; Flax. $1 90®2 20; Canary. 3Hc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
7@Bc; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp/ 4®4V40; Timothy,
4(84%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nllee, $1 6001 90; Green. $1 75
©2 50 per ctl.
Onions and Vegetables.
Asparagus from Sacramento brought 25c and
from San Leandro Ssc per lb. Otherwise there
was nothing new In Vegetables, as there were
ho receipts from Los Anseles.
Onions were higher on the Inside quotation.
Potatoes continued weak, with a further slight
decline in several descriptions. Sweet Potatoes
advanced. .' *"';
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 90c@$l; River Reds.
60(^75c; Burbanks. 500750 per sack; Oregon
Burbanks, 60c<g-$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $1 60®l 85
for Merced; New Potatoes, Volunteer, lQ^Hc
ONIONS— Sr 40@l 75 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, ZS.l^c per lb;
String Beans, 7@Sc; Cabbage, 40@60c; Loa An
geles Tomatoes, $I©l 50; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles. 10©12Vic: Dried Okra, 12V4c per lb;
Garlic, 6@7c; Green Peppers from Los Angeles.
4® sc for Chile and 8c for Bell; Dried Peppers,
8@10c; Carrots, 30'tf40c per sack*. Los Angeles
Summer Squash, 75c<3$l 25 per box; Marrowfat
Squash, $35 per ton. 4
Poultry and Game.
Poultry Is weaker, owing to free stocks of
Bastern, which, however, meets with a good
demand. There Is no particular change in
Game, though the market is rather slow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11© 12V4c for Gob
blers and. 115J12e for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
13®16c: Geese, per pair. $1 75©2; Goslings, $1 75
@2: Ducks. $4®5 for old and $4@5 for young;
Hens, 13 00@5; f Young Roosters, $4@>s;' Old
Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers, $4 50; Broilers, $4
<Qi 50 for large and $3@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25@1 60 Der dozen for old and $2 50@3 for
squabs. .......
GAME— Quail, $1 2C@l 60; Mallard, $3^5; Can-
Chicago Grain Market.
TO SAIL.
1.200 Pennsylvania 129%
2.120 Reading 18
25.671 Reading Ist prefd 54
2,540 Reading 2d prefd 2$H
100 Rio Grande Western 44
Rio 'jrar.de Western prefd 85
§3,440 St Louis & San Fran 10? i
550 St Louis & Pan Fran Ist prefd 69
titt St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 3» T i
LISO St Louis Southwestern IH*
6<M St Louis Southwestern prefd 274
5.455 St Paul HSH
St Paul prefd 170
St Paul & Omaha 120
9,450 Southern Pacific 3S 1 *
501 Southern Railway 11%
1.500 Southern Railway prefd 54<S
200 Texa* & Pacific lf>\
6.120 Union Pacific 46H
3.110 Union Pacific prefd V> 1 *
300 Wabash 7«i
590 Wabash prefd 20Vj
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 9^
1.000 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd MH
Wisconsin Central 18
Express Companies—
Adams 114
American 146
United States 47
Miscellaneous—""
210 American Cotton Oil 33^
American Cotton Oil prefd 93
h'<n American Malting 6
100 American Malting prefd 26
415 American Smelting & Keflning 3S*i
215 American & Refining prefd SSU
American Spirits SVb
American Spirits prefd 17
1,900 American Steel Hoop 43Vi
530 American Steel Hoop prefd 81
E8.775 American Steel & Wire 54?4
S.OSS American Pteel & Wire prefd 91H
1.120 American Tin Plate 30
American Tin Plate prefd SO
11,450 American Tobacco 100%
American Tobacco prefd 135
J/0 Anaconda Mining Co ",9'i
40.714 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73v,
4.CSG Colorado Fuel & Iron 4314
2.150 Continental Tobacco 33Vi
230 Continental Tobacco prefd Soi*
19.79S Federal Steel 52%
2.G60 Federal Steel prefd 7414
3 f «) Ofneral Electric 123
3,020 Glucose Sugar 55
ISO Glucose Fugar prefd 101^
100 International Paper 22 l 4
International Paper prefd 67"fc
2«0 LaeJede Gas 791'
120 National Biscuit 36» 4
National Biscuit prefd 9*.
1.400 National Lead 27i»
National Lead prefd 106
2.420 National Steel 4314
545 National Steel prefd 94
New York Air Brake 129
700 North American 14s/
100 Pacific Coast sou
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S3
Pacific Coast 23 prefd 6»
1.045 Pacific Mall 431 X
343S People's Gas "IO4V
Pressed Steel Car '.'". 56
Premed Steel Car prefd 87
SCO Pullman Palace Ccx ISSI4
400 Standard Rope & Twine g^
n.2,» Sugar 120
fc'ugar prefd 112
5.120 Tennessee Coal & Iron S6H
S.4M United States Leather 16H
€60 United States Leather prefd 76^
SlO United States Rubber 371 A
United States Rubber prfd 101
Western Union g6>4
7,410 Republic Iron & Steel 22%
625 Republic Iron & Steeel prefd 67
P C C & St. Louis • 65^4
453.2C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2« reg 102HIN J Cen gen 65. ...124^4
U «= 3s reg 109^4 |N C 6s 127
L S 2s coup norn Do 4s 106
L S new 4« reg 133 ;x Pac lsts.... 110
y S new 4s r0up.,134 j Do 3s 67M1
V S old 4s reg 114%! Do 4a m 3%
L S. old 4s coup. .. .114%! N V C & S L 45. ...107
L S Ss reg 112 !N & \v con 4s ?3*4
Lfc coup im»! Do gen «s 129
Dist of Col 3. 655.... 119 lOr Nay lst« 10»V4
AtehiFon gen 4s 10H«! Do 4s 102
Do adj 4e Sl'jlOr S Line 6s 129* i
Canada Sou 2nd»...109 I Do con 5s lll'ij
Cheti & O 4Vi« 97VJ 1 Reading gen 4s S4»i
1»° ~»* HCHiR G W lsts K5
C & N \\ con 75... H2 ;S L & I M con 55.. 111%
Ly> S F deb 55. ...1:0 iSL&SF gen 6«..12n
Chicago Ter 4s 934 1 St Paul con ISTVi
D& H G l«ts 102% 1S PC & Pac 15t5. .119
fr" ** 99 I Do 5* 119*%
g T V & O l»ts....lOHs!Southem Ry 55. ...107%
Lrte Gen 4s CSUIStan RAT Co 84
F T\ fcDC lKt«... 72 'Term n s 3s 9.',
g^Elecßs U9 T & Pac lsts 1125,
G II & S A 6s 109 Do 2nds 54
Do 2n<Js ]05 Unir, n Pac 4s 104<A
H& T Cen Ss 110 Wabash lsts lir.iA
Do ccnsol 6s no in. 2nds .... 101
lowa Cen lsts 1134 Wett Shore 4s ..'.'.'.U3K
X <; P & r, 18t5.... C 9. Wls Cen lfts SO^i
La n»-w con 4s lOCVijVir Centu-!-s «
L & Na»h unl 45... Vj jVir Deferred i
M X & T 2nds C 9 ICOIO & Sou 4s 85%
E>o 4s 90 Sou Pac 4s 53
N T Cen lats 10S%|
MINING STOCKS.
CboUar 21|Ontarlo 775
Crown Point S Ophlr c«
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Plymouth 8
Jj-niwnoA 55 Quicksilver 175
Oould & Curry 10 Do prefd 7CO
Half & .Vorrross.. 32 Sierra Nevada 41
Uomertake 50 00 {.Standard .. .. 2 40
Iron Silver 57, Union Con 24 I
Mexican 30, Yellow Jacket 13
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .West End "... S2H
Call loan. 4£;4l Do prefd HOVi
Tim- Ic/ar.s 4®5 |We»tlnirhs Elec 42' A
E'.c**s— IWls Central 18
Atch T & St Fe... l»Vl>omlnion Coal 41%
Do prefd «OHJ Do prefd 115%
American Sugar... l 29 | Bonds—
Lr> prefd 114 |Atchlson 4s 89
Bell Telephone 335 Mining Shares—
Boeton & Albany.. 243 iAllou*z Mm C 0.... 2%
Boston Elevated... &7 [Atlantic 24
Boston & Maine. ..l<<7 {Boston & Mont 268
Chi B& Q 1224 jButte &. 805t0n. ... 4S
Fitehburg prefd 123 {Calumet Sc Hecla.."33
General raectrtc.l^VOentennlal 15>4
I»o prefd 135 'Franklin 14
Federal Steel r.2% <Humboldt 1
Do prefd 74 jOsceola 67V4
Mexican Central... 12 Parrot 41
Mich Telephone 100 Qutncy 133
Old Colony 202 St Fe Copper 65
Old Dominion 17 jTamarack 173
Rubber 37V4;Wlnona 4
Union Pacific 4«>4 1 Wolverines 39
Union Land t lUtah 25
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— Money on call easy,
2<52',4 ocr cent; last loan, 2 per cent; prime
mercantile paper. 4®3 per cent; sterling ex
change heavy, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 87% for demand and $4 «4%@4 S4«i
for sixty days; posted rates, $4 85@4 BSH; com
mercial bills, $4g354@454: silver certificates,
C^'i^CO'sc; be.r sliver. 59% c: Mexican dollars,
47^c. Government bonds, strong; State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds, firm.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $290,653,557; gold reserve,
1217.536.142.
London Markets,
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram from I London
says: The markets here opened heavy to
day, but brightened In the afternoon on the
news of the safety of Lord Dundonald and his
troop of cavalry. Reports of the burning- of
a Boer arsenal are also received with satls-
Charters.
The Celtic Monarch Is chartered for wheat to
Europe. S7e; Merioneth, same business. SVe 6d.
The George C. Perkins loais redwood ut Eu
rekt. for Hilo; Nuuanu. sugar at Honolulu for
New York. $6. x>nor to arrival.
Weather Report.
OSOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. January 3fr— s p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls t
Aat# as compared with thoee of fame date las
v. . • «nil ra(nfiLli« In lnst twenty-four h«>ur»
Ran Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£5; minimum, 47; mean. IX.
WEATHER CONDITION'S ANO GENXRAL
FORECAST.
The t>r*-s»ure has fallen slowly along the
cofcet during the past twenty-four hours. Thrre
la no storm within the li«r.its of observation,
but conditions are euch that a storm nity come
In r&plJly on the Oregon coaj-t.
The temperature ha* iailt-n slowly over Nev
adii and Utah and in the Sacramento Valley.
It has rison wiichtly In the Sa.n Joaquin. No
rain has fail*n uesi or the Rocky Mountain*.
Forecast made tit San Frjtncisco for thirty
hours enclng midnight. January 31. ISOO.
Northern California-Fair Wednesday, except
cloudy along the northern coaft and in the
Sacramento Valley, where light showers may
occur: light southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly wlnis.
Nevada— Fair Wfflr.eeilay.
>-..*.•. — Fair Wednesday.
San Kraacifcco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day l'.zln eouth«rafter!y winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
, «
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— FLOUR— Receipts,
SS.SS7 bbls; exports weak and unsettled, but
not quotably lower, although bids were re
duced E@lsc at the close In sympathy with the
demoralization In wheat. !
WHEAT— Receipts. 39.200: exports, 153.100
bushels. Spot easy; No. 2 red. 76% c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, ~i%c elevator. Options open
ed easy and declined sharply during the day,
influenced by weakness In foreign markets,
where strength had been expected. Local and
European houses* sold. A new cold wave In
the Northwest and small spring wheat receipts
had little effect upon the market. Cloned weak
under hwavy liquidation at IU@I%C net decline.
March closed 75% c; May, 74%Q'75 7-160, closed
74% c; July closed at 74%e.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES-Firm.
LEATHER— Finn.
WOOL— Quiet
COFFEE— Options closed easy, with prices
net five points lower to ten uoints higher.
Sales, 27.250 bags. Including: March, 6.70®6.85c;
April. 6.500: May. 6.90 c: July. 7c; September.
7.05Q7.150; October. 7.10@7.20c; November. 7.05®
7.10 c; December, 7.20<37.25c; closed, February,
6.63(g«.70c: March, 6.65@6.70c; April, 6.70<g6.50c;
May. 6.80©6.55 c; June, 6.55^6.90c; July. 6.95©
7c; August. 6.95(57.050; September, 7<g'7.osc: Oc
tober, 7(57. 10c; November, 7.05©7.10 c; Decem
ber. 7.15.5?7. 20c. Spot coffee — Rio, firmer; No. 7
Jobbing, BHc: No. 7 Invoice, B%c; mild, steady;
Cordova. S?4@l2>4c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining. 3 15-16ff4c
bid; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16 c bid; molasses
sugar. 3»4c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7594 packages; ' steady;
June creamery. 20{?23c; Western creamery. 20@
23c; Western. 20525 c: factory. 16019 c.
EGGS— Receipts, S24S packages: firm; West
ern. 17% c, loss off; Western ungraded at mark,
13@!6Hc
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— 1n the dried fruit
market the feeling was generally steady, but
business continued of moderate volume. Prices
of apples declined slightly under the slack de
mand.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
6ftCVtc: prime, 6@6*ic; choice. 7"i4@7^c; fancy,
SVsS?c.
CALIFORNIA PRIED PRUNES— 4<37»ic.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13<?15e; Moorpark. 15®lSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20@23c; unpeeled. 7%@
9%c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— The only metal show-
Ing material change to-day was tin. The ex
change reported an advance of 35 points In
the price, but called the feeling easier at the
close. Cables from London were largely re
sponsible for the advance, though news from
the West was of favorable averages. The de
mand was only fair. The market displayed a
fair undertone. At the close the exchange
called:
PIG IRON— Warrants dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $16 50.
TIN — Easier at $2S 25. nominal.
LEAD— Steady. J4 70<j|4 75: spelter, quiet.
$4 70'<«4 SO. The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45
and for copper $16 50.
Sun Tires 7:is
Sun sets jjj
Moon s-us 8:41 p. iru
Rice market strong and advancing.
Sterling Exchange firm and Silver higher.
W heat lower and weak. Freights firm.
Rather more inquiry for Oats.
Barley, Corn and Rye dull.
Flour and Millstuffs unchanged.
Hay weak, with large stocks. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans continue very firm, with a good demand.
Potatoes lozver. Sweet Potatoes higher and Onions firm.
Asparagus arrived from Sacramento and San Leandro.
Butter higher and Eggs lower. Cheese weak.
Poultry in good supply, but steady. Game easy.
Fresh and Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions in fair demand and firm.
Wool in light stock and dull. Hops quiet and steady.
Hides keep high, with a steady market.
Meats of all descriptions as before quoted.
Linseed Oil marked up.
Fair trading in local securities.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey ~
Times and Heights of High and Lo-»
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sarj
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of th<* Superintendent.
NOVE — The hisrh and low waters occur «t
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the *ame at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 31.
steers steady, others slow;.Texans, firm; butch
ers, stock and canners, strong and active:
calves. 25c higher, than a week ago; "tocjters,
quiet; feeders, firm. Good to choice $5 i 25®
6 25; poor to medium. $4@5; mixed stockers.
$3 25@3 S5; selected feeders. $4 20@4 So; good to
choice cows. $3 40@4 50; heifers. $3 25®°; can
ners, $2 25@2 S5; bulls $2 So@4 40; calves, $4 oo^
8 10;-fed Texas beeves, $4@6 20.
HOGS-Generally about 10c; top. $4 82%: good
clearance. Mixed and butchers. $4 50@4 77%,
good to choice heavy, $4 70@4 *2%: rough heavy.
$4 50#4 65; light, $4 40@4 70; bulk of sales. $4 60
SHEEP— Steady, to 10c higher for sheep^ and
lambs.- Tod lambs $7; native wethers. $4 6MJ
5 35; lambs. $5@7; Western wethers, $4 <sao So;
Western lambs. $6<ff« 90. - . ie
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs, 29,000; sheep. 16,
000.
vasback. $3@4 50: Sprig. $2 50@3; Teal. $1 50®
1 75; Widgeon.- Jl 50@l 75; Small Duck. $1 25®
1 50: Doves, 75c per dozen;- Hare. $1 2o«l 00.
Rabbits. $123«j175: Gray Geese. $3 60; "White.
$1 60; Brant. $1 50@2 50; Honkers, $4 50; Erig
llsh Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe. $1 2o@
1 50. -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter is still quoted at all sorts of prices,
but the quotations b»!ow are sufficiently close.
The market is not very liberally supplied at
the moment, but the north U turning down or
ders at the present prices and a reaction may
set in before Ipng.
Cheese 13 weak. , ,
Eggs are In larger receipt and accumulating,
and prices are declining in consequence.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 27%@25%c; sec
onds, 20(526e. «.—,«,
Dairy— Fancy, 25@26c; good to choice, 21@24c;
common, 15£>lSc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old, 10% c;
Young America, m^mic; Eastern, 15%516c;
Western. 13%iSfl5c per lb. , .„,-„»
EGGS— Quoted at 17@13c for store and 19® 20c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold storage,
14®16c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
All seasonal fruits continue abundant and
weak, thoush prices show no further decline.
Three cars, of Oranges will be offered at to
day's auction.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s@6sc per box for common, 75c@$l
for good and $1 25@1 75 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4®7
per bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50<!?2 25
per box; Seedlings, 50c@$l 25: Japanese Man
darins, $I@l 25; Pomelos. $I®2 50; Lemons, $1<&
1 GO for common and $2^2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $5@5 50; California Limes, 23®
35c; Bananas, $1 75@3 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3 60fi< per dozen. , ¦ .-• *, i
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market Is motionless and quotations are
nominal.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks, 4%c for
40-50" s, 4@4Vic for 50-60' s, 3%c for 60-70' s, 3Vic
for 70-80*8. 3c for 80-90' s and 2%c for 90-100' s;
Apricots. ll@l3c for Royals. 12%@16c for Moor
parks and 125J14c for Blenheims; Peaches. s%®'
6c for Standards. 6",4S<">\c for choice and 7@Bc
for fancy: Peeled Peaches. 10Q 1 12% c; Evapo
rated Apples, fiigwe; Sun-dried. 5!g5%c per lb:
Nectarines. B@9c: Pears, 3%©4% c for dark and
7©'Be for bright halves; Black Figs, 2@2%c;
White Figs. 2@3c: Bleached Plums. BS9c; Un
bleached Plums, 7@7%c for pitted and l%c for
unpltted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, &c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice, 7%c; standard, B%c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; S<?edl«>fl,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5%c;
3-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50: Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 809 c: Walnuts. S^c for
etandaids and 9@loc for softshell; Almonds,
11%<3>12c for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4'9>
5c for hardshell; Peanuts, s%@6*ic for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Sc; Fil
berts, 12?f12%c; Pecans, 113r<13c; Cocoar.uts, $4 50
<35.
HONEY— Comb. ll%*Jl2c for bright and 10>j'!?
lie for liEht amber: water white extracted.
7^ic: light amber extracted, 7U@'7%c; dark. 5%®
6c r>er lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c cer lb.
Provisions.
There Is a fair demand for cured meats at un
changed quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9*ie per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light. 12c
for extra llftht and 13HC for supaf-cured ; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13@:i3%c; California
Hams, nominal; Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13; Family. $H: extra Prime Pork, $14 50;
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beeef, lie
'per lb. ; .:
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@7c per lb for
compound and Sc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
BVic: 10-lb tins. S»4c; 5-lb tinß, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7T4®'B%c per lb; 10-lb
tins. 9%c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool Is dull, for the reason that there Is prac
tically no stock here to work on. Hides are
steady at the high prices. There is little doing
in Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 11%@12c; medium, lie; light. 10% c; Cow
hides, 10%@llc; Stags, 7c: Salted Kip, lie; Calf,
lie: Dry Hides, 6ound, 19'g20c; culls and brands,
ITi&ISc; Dry Kip and Veal, 17@lSc; Dry Calf, 19
@20c; Sheepskins, yearlings. 10!g30c each; short
Wool. 35^ti0c each; medium. 70i890c; long Wool.
80c@»l 20 each; Horse Hides, $2 50^3 lor large
and $1 2S'g2 for small: Colts. 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5®5%c per lb; No.
2, 4'S4%c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2%(g3c.
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains, 9®loc; South
ern, 8(210c; Middle County. ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 17<tj20c; Eastern Oregon. 13<gl6c;
Valley Oregon, lsg^Oc: Northern Mountain,
free, 11® 14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10<3>
lie Der lb
HOPS— 7@llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The only scarcity Is In Mutton and Lamb.
Beef and Pork are In sufficient supply, while
arrivals of large Veal are more liberal. Prices
for all descriptions stand about the same.
BEEF — 6^iigC%c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— B®lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers,. B®S%c; ewes, 7»*isSc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 15c; yearlings, SQ:9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, s?*c for small. 5W40%c for
medium and 6@3%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6@sUc; dressed Hogs. 7@S%c
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7@7 I ,ic; Wool Bags, 2S®3oc.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle.
$7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bay, tb 50; Wallsend, $S;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Scotch, ; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 50 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $l@l 50; To
matoes, 75c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $2 40@3 for
black and white; Peaches, $1 65(Sjl 90; Pears,
$1 60@l 80; Apricots, $1 25@1 70; Plums, $1 20®
1 40.
.COFFEE — Costa Rica— l3%@l6c nominal for
prime washed; Iligl2%c nominal for good
washed; lHi©lsc nominal for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9%<{jllc nominal for good to
prime peaberry; 10@12c nominal for good to
prime, Bfi9V4c nominal for good current mixed
with black beans; SSS%c nominal for fair; 5®
7%c nominal for common to ordinary. Salva
dor— 9 l jig 13c nominal for good to prime washed;
7ft<fjS»ic "nominal for fair washed; 9%Q'H%c
nominal for good to prime washed peaberry;
7liSS%io nominal for good to prime semi
washed; B%®S%c for superior unwashed; B\ic
for good green unwashed; 9ig?3%c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; s%ij;7c nom
inal for common to ordinary. Nicaragua— l4®
lC%c nominal for prime to fancy washed; S@llc
nominal for fair to good washed; B@S%c nom
inal for good to superior unwashed; 9®9%c
nominal for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— HH'dlSHc for prime
to fancy washed, new crop; llUtii3c for strict
ly good washed, new crop; 10®llo for good
washed, new crop; SH^^ic for fair washed;
7Vi@S',ic for medium: T»@*c for Inferior to or
dinary; ll@l3c for good to prime washed pea
berry 9@9%c nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry; Bi4®'S%c nominal for good to
superior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 2S@3oc per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26®27c; Sole Leather, light.
26Q'Z7c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@2Sc; Rough
Leather, light, 23@26c;; Harness Leather heavy,
32@33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30®32c; Har
ness Leather, light. 29@30c; Collar Leather, 15®
16c per foot; Kip, finished. 40^r0c per lb; Veal,
finished. 50@55c; calf, finished, 75cig$l 20; sides,
finished. 16<5'17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14
@16c: Rough Splits. S@loc per lb.
OlL— Linseed Oil Is higher. California Castor
Oil. in cases. No. 1. 75c; pure, $1 10; Linseed
OH, In barrels, boiled. CSc; raw, t€c; cases. 5c
more; Lard OH, extra winter strained, barrels.
s(<c: No. 1, 49c; cases. 6c more: China Nut. 61
©65c per. gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil, barrels.
COc; cases, Csc; Sperm, pure, 60c; Whale oil,
natural white. 32Uc; Pacific Rubber Mixed
Paints, white and house colors, $1 25<&1 35 per
gallon; wagon colors, $202 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. ' ETC.—Water
white Coal OH. In bulk. 14c: Pearl OH In
cases. 20o; Astral, 20c: Star. 20c; Extra Star
Oil, 24c: Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c; Deodorized
Gasoline. In bulk, 16c; do, canes. 22c; Benzine,
In bulk. 15% c; do cases, 21% c; 86-degree Gcso
llne, In bulk, 21c; cases, 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric light candles— l 6 0z.,11%c
per set; 14 oz., 10% c: 12 oz., 9%c; 10 ot., &%c;
twelves, 12 oz. (hotel), IOHc. Granite mining
candles— l 6 oz., 12@12Mc per set; 14 oz.. 11®
nn l t c: 12 oz., 10% c; 10 oz., 9%c: twelves, 12 oz.
(hotel). 10*4 c. Parafllne wax candles — Ones, 14
oz., white, 12Vlc per set; twos, 14 oz., white,
12'4c; fours, 14 oz.. white, 12>4c; sixes, 14 oz.,
white. 12UC: twelves, 14 oz., white, 12% c;
colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7©7?ic; Red Lead
and Litharge, 7>4@"%c per tb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 73c; In Iron barrels.
68c; In wooden barrels, 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 61c; raw, barrels,
59c ; cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— SSI 50 per flask for local use
and $46 Eo@47 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash,, in 100-tt> bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 6%c; Candy Granulated. sV*c; Dry Gran
ulated.' o'gc; Confectioners' A, 5%c: Magnolia
A. 4\c; Extra C, 4Hc; Golden- C, 4%c; barrels,
l-16c more: half-barrels. *;c more; boxes. %c
more; 50-lt» bags, %c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnoa. .half- barrels.- 6 v4c: boxes, 6%c per Ib.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16(317; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17@18 for No. 1 and $15<ffl6 for No.
2: Lath. 4 feet. $2 20#2 30; Pickets. $18; Shin
gles, $1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Continued on Page Eleven.
Shakes, $11 for split and Jl2 for sawn; Rustic.
S2l(g'27. „ .
RICE— The market is strong at a further ad
vance In the following-descriptlons: Mixed
China, U 15@4 20; No. 1 China. U 25@4 70.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, JANUARY 30.
Flour, qr sks 20.3S9, Sugar, bbls 70
Wheat, ctls s.22ojPaper, reams 1,200
Barley, ctls 80,814 Quicksilver, flsks 77
Rye, ctls 660JEsrgs. dox 12.210
Cheese, ctls 7«!Llme. bbls 4</8
Butter, ctls . 30.-,| Leather, rolls •••„«*
Tallow, ctls 203 i Wine. *als 92.6*0
Beans, sks lOujHops. bales »
Potatoes, sks ... 1.330jW001. bags •>
Onions, sks 301 Hay. tons 270
Bran, sks 1,022 Straw, tons 10
Middlings, sks .. 5-J1 Pelts, bndls 2>l
Mustard Seed 237 Hides. No 343
Sugar, sks SCO!
OREGON
Flour, qr sks 4,993 ; Shorts, sks 1,?73
Oats, ctls 230; Potatoes, sks .... w2
Bran, sks 4,550 i
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Mar. May.
Opening 6 11% 6 10%
Closing 6 11 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 30 21 00
Closing 20 15 20 75
Flour —
Opening f.... 26 60 26 95
Closing 26 25 26 95
Available Grain Supply.
*NBW YORK, Jan. 30.— Cable and telegraphic
communications to Bradstreet's show the fol
lowing changes In available supplies an com
pared with last account:
Wheat. .United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 1.135, 000 bushels: afloat for
and In Eurooe (Liverpool Corn Trade News)
decrease l.SCO.OOO; total supply, decrease 2,938,000
bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies. Increase 758,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase 67,000 bushels. - ,
Among the more Important Increases reported
not crlven in the official visible supply state
ment are those of 400,000 bushels at Northwest
ern Interior elevators. 145,000 at Portland Me
and 68.000 at St. Joseph.
The principal decreases ; are those of 124,000
bushels at Chicf .1-0 private elevators and 112,000
at Cleveland.
The aggregate stock of . wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., de
creased 56,000 bushels last week.
Chicago Livestock Market.
.'- CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Jan. SO.— CATTLK— Choice native
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— '..-'>
January .... .... 66%
May.... C 9 69 67% 67%
July 6Wi 69% 65% &>%
Corn No. 2—
January 30% 3074
May 33 S3 , 32^ 32Ti
July 33% 83% 33% 23%
Oats No. 2—
May 12* 23% 23Vi 23*4
July 22V4 22>4 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 10 67% 10 70 10 60 # 10 62%
July 10 75 10 77% 10 70 10 70
Lard, dvt 100 lbs—
May 5 92% 5 92% 5 87% 6 87%
July 6 00 6 00 6 95 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 6 72% 6 72% 6 62% 670
July 5 77% 6SO 6 72% 875
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steudy^ No. 2 Red. C9'S7oc: No. 2 Corn, 31Vi@
31Hc; No. 2 Oats, 23c; No. 2 White. 25V4c; No. 8
White. 2:u:5%c; No. 2 Rye, 53@53%c: No. 2
Barley. "TS^'-c; No. 1 Flaxseed, Jl 56; Prime
Timothy Seed. *2 60: Mess Pork, per bbl. J3 30®
10 t0; Lard, per 100 lbs. S5 65@5 86; Short Rlba
sides (loose). S5 sr»#s 85; Dry Salted Shoulder*
(boxed). P^e6c; Short Clear Sides (boxed),
*5 77%55 87%: Whisky; distillers' finished goods,
per gal. $1 23%; Sugars, cut loaf, 6.05 c; Granu
lated. 5.43 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 57.000 29.000
Wheat, bushels 43,000 68,000
Corn, bushels 214.000 275.600
Oats, bushels 336.000 255,000
Rye, bushels 5.000 17.000
Barley, bushels 172,000 46,000
On the Produce Kxchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creamery, 19324 c; dairy,
lSQ'22c: cheese, firm. 12@13c: eggs, steady,
fresh 14c.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. January 30.
V S stmr Thomas, Schiller. 31 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 20 days.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyr«, 4 days from Oyster
Bay.
Stmr Empire. Nelson, IS 'hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Jessen. €3 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. 17 hours from,
Greenw ood.
Stmr Albion, dicsaoa. 43 hour* from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Klval. Johnson. 74 hours from WUlap*
Harbor.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. 15 hours from
Mendoclno.
Etmr State of California. Gags. 59% hours tax
Portland, via Astoria 42 kour9.
Stmr City of Puebla. Thomas. 23 days 14 hrs
from Manila, via Nagasaki 17 days 20 hours.
Tug Samson, Stream. 4-.. days from Grays)
Harbor, with barge Washtuona In tow.
Barge Washtuona. Merriman. 4% days £n>r»
Grays Harbor, In tow of tug Samson.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, January 80.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ptmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcolaon. San Pedro; Gooodall,
Perkins t Co.
Stmr Centennial. Eagles. Kahulul; Alexander
& Baldwin,
SAILED.
Tuesday. January SO.
6tmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth, Crescent CJty.
Etmr Gissy. Leland. Santa Crux.
Stmr Lakme. Schaze. Seattle.
Stmr Tillamook. Annndsen. Tlllamook.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson. Newport Scuta.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. AstorU.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle.
Bark Albert. Griffith. Honolulu.
Bark Gatherer, Younggren. Tacoma.
Schr Albion. Gudmansen. CoqulU* River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan 30. 10 p to— Ws»ese»
hazy; wind calm.
SPOKEN
Dec 13—24 JO S. 123 W. Br silp Rlr«r FallccS.
from Victoria for Liverpool.
Dec 2S— l3 30 S. 127 IS W. Br ihlp Bermuda,
from Oregon for Queenstown.
Dec IS—* N. 2S W. Br bark L&kemba. from
Antwerp for Port Loa Angeles.
Per City of Puebla— Jan 22—36 7 N, ISS 47 W.
stmr Senator, from Manila for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Jan 30— Br stmr Energria, prerifnu
\y reported at Nagasaki, has 83 plate* and 79
frames damaged. Repairs will take C days
and coat £6000.
Br shlD Glenard at Antwerp from San Fran-
Cisco Seat 3. reports encountered hurricane on
N'vv 24 and lost two main topaails and sxl'.ey
damaged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
OREETTWOOD— SaiIed Jan SO— Stmr Oreen
wood. for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Alcatras. hence Jan 25.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Jan 23— Ship
Great Admiral, for Sydney; schr Defender, for
Molakal.
SEATTLE*— Arrived Jar. 30— Stmr Jeanle. he*
FORT ROSS— Arrived Jan SO— Schr Reliance,
hence Jan 25.
ALBlON— Arrived Jan 30— Btinr Scotia, henc*
Jan 20.
MONTEREY— SaiIed Jan 30— 6chr Newark,
for Albion.
BANDON— Sailed Jan 30— Schr Cocflansa. for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan «O— Stmr Arcata. ho
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan SO— Schr Fred B
Sander, for Honolulu.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan SO— fichr
Corinthian, hence Jan 27.
CASPVR— Arrived Jan tO— Stmr Cleona, he*
USIPQUA RIVER— Sailed Jan t»— Schr Lily.
for San Franclico. 23 — Schrs Sadie and Louis*.
for San Pedro.
Arrived Jan 23— Schr Lucy, from San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Orizaba, ho
Jan 29; schr Alice, from San Pedro.
Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Samoa, for San Frmn
clsco.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 30— Bark McNear. for
Honolulu.
VENTURA— SaiIed Jan SO— Stmr COqutll*
River.
NEWPORT (3>— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr 8outh
Coast.
Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Aberdeen, hence Jan 23.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan SO— Stmr Chas Nel
son, hence Jan 27.
i ASTORIA— Arrived Jan JO— Stmr Columbia,
hence Jan 2S: bktn Oleaner. hence Jan 10:
! «tmr Pesratch. her.ce Jan 28.
i Salted Jan SO — Stmr Slenal. for San Fran
cisco; Br stmr Monmouthshire, for Hongkong.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KANAIMO— Sailed Jan 30— Nor itmr T*tan!a.
i for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— In port Jan IS— Ger «hlp Hera.
for Honolulu: Oer ship J W Wendt. for Saa
Francisco.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
CHICAGO, Jan. 80.— May wheat opened at 69
<S69Hc. compared with yesterday's close at
6SHS69%e. Liverpool's advance was a disap
pointment and Paris was decidedly lower,
which Influenced considerable selling.
May gradually receded to CS%c, where trade,
which had been fairly active, became quiet and
for some time the market fluctuated between
that figure and 68\@6S%c, the latter mark be
ing touched by the May option upon Brad
street's announcement of a heavy decrease In
the visible. On the Ijeels of this, however,
came a report from Liverpool that La Plata
wheat was being offered lower than American.
It was further asserted that the plague in
Argentina would not materially curtail ex
ports from that country. The heavy liquida
tion which followed these reports sent May
to C7T4, at which It closed on a very weak
market. lH'gl^c under yesterday.
The corn market was dull and lower. May
closing at the bottom Vie under yesterday.
Oats were quiet and without feature. May
closed at the bottom %c depressed.
Provision* were weak and lower. The weak
ness of hogs was partly responsible for this,
but the report of the Orange Judd Farmer
that there were six-tenths more hogs in the
country now than at the same period last year,
was the main consideration. May pork closed
12!ic under yesterday. May lard 5@7%c lower
and May ribs 5^7%c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Steamer Movements.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business in securities on
the morning session, but the only change waa
a firmer feeling In Contra Costa Water at
$72 25@72 50.
There was nothing new worthy of note In
the afternoon.
Oceanic Steamship will pay a dividend of
50 cents on the Ist. and Mutual Electric ona
of 8 cents on the 9th.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 35 cents per share on February 5.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany will pay a dividend of 33 cents per share
on February 1.
The Yukon Crude Oil Company will pay a
second dividend of 4 cents per share on the
10th of February. .
The American Fuel Company pays Its second
dividend of 2 cents per share to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Jan. 30— J p. m.
810-AsH. ! Bid. As*.
TJ S Bonds— Eqult G L Co.. 3% 4
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co.. 13^i 14
4s quar reg.... — 114H O G L A H... 44^4 45
4s quar new... — — Pac Gaa Imp.. 4S\ «
3s quar c0up. .110% — 1 Pac Light Co.. 414 —
Miscellaneous— Is F G & E.... 50% 51*&
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115% — San Francisco. 4% 4%
C C Wat 65..1C6*107% Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L &. P 65.. 130 132 Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 — iFlrem's Fund.22o —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks —
H C & S 5H5..105 110 knglo-Cal Ltd. 65% —
HC & S 55....106\4 — Bank of Ca1...400 404
L A Ry 55. ...104% — Cal SD & T.. 98 —
LAL Co 55.. — — Kirst Natnl 2;-» —
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P& A 133 —
Do gntd 65.. — 103 Merchants' Ex — 18
LA& P R 55. 102 — Nev Nat 8k... — —
Market-st 65. ..126% — Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55..117^ — Ger S & L..1750 —
NCN G R 75.105%109 Hum S& L. — —
NR of Cal *Js.ll3i»i — Mut Say Bk. 44 —
NR of Cal 55. 113% — Sl* Say \j.. 50u —
NVC R H K5.103 — Say & L Co. 74 78
NPC R R 65.105 106 Bee Say Bk. — —
KCK It 55...1U9 — Union T Co. — —
O G L & H 55. 109 — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65. .111 112% California — 120
Oak WCo 55.. — — ;«i»ary-?t aO
Oceanic SS Co. — 105%. Market-st Ry.. 90% 61%
Urn C Ky 6».. — 12SVj |O Sl.<t Hay — av
P&CI Ry 65. .104 104% Presidio — —
Pk &O Ry Bs. — — I Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.U9% — California 180 —
San El (JA-Itas — iflO IE Dynamite... V> —
SF & SJV ss.lls%U6%'Glant Con Ca. 91 —
SRy nf Cal Bs. — t>< Vlgorit 2% »
S P of A 68....110ti11l bugar Stocks—
S P C 65(1!>05). 109^,110^4, Hana P C 0.... 7% 7H
SP C 65(190€).H2 — Haw C&S Co — BSU
SF C Ss(Wl2>. — — Honokaa S Co. 30 3C4
SPCIs eg ss. — — Hutch S P Co. 23% —
SPBr 63 124%— Kiiauea S Co.. — —
S V Wat 6s. ...11514U8 I Makawell SCo — 43
S V Wat 43. ...101 — Onomea S Co.. 28 27%
BY W 4a(3(1m)1i»2% — Paauhau S Co. 25% 27%
Stktn Gas 65..101%103 Miscellaneous—
Water ritocKs- Al Pack A55n.113?4120
Contra Costa.. 72% 73«4. Mer Xx As"i.. — i"'
Marin County. M- — (Oceanic S Co.. 94 95
Spring Valley. 93% 94 Fac A F A.... II s * 2
Uas & Klectrtc— Fao C Bor C 0.144. 144 —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. s»% —
Cent L & P.... — 6
Morning Session.
Board-
25 Contra Ccsta Water 72 25
40 Contra Costa Water 72 oO
50 Hana Plantation Co. s 90 < 3. Mi
50 Honokaa S Co. cash 30 00
lOHonokaa S Co X H*
ICO Hutchinson S P Co «•» w
100 Paauhau S P Co 2.00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co to .a
20 S F Gaa & Electric Co 50 ST,4
11 Spring Valley Water 9100
J2OOO Spring Valley 4s <2d mortg) 104 2o
Street—
15 Bank of California *Ot 00
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s Joo W
$3000 S F & S J V bonds 1M 00
Afternoon Session.
Board-
SO Alaska Packers' Association 113 75
10 Cal Safe Deposit 93 50
160 Contra Costa Water £ • j>
30 Contra Costa Water ;3 00
IPO Honokaa S Co 30 00
15 Hutchinson S P Co 2b 00
23 Makawell *- «J
S5 Oceanic S S Co JJ 22
$lf«0 Oakland Transit Co 6s 112 00
10 Pacific Coast Borax M* 00;
30 Pacific Gaa Imp « f. 1^
5 Pacific Gas Imp « ™
30 Pacific Gas Imp « «v,
10 Pacific Gas Imp « W
43 S F Gas & Electric Co ol 00
Street—
95 Oceanic S S Co M CO
SAN FRANCISCO PTCCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' At3ociatlon 119 75
1C Contra Ccsta Water 72 2o
20 Contra Costa V^ater 12 1 *
5 Contra Costa Water '- 00
10) Mutual F.lectrlc Co 25?*
ion Honnkaa Sugar Co, s 90 23 7j
50 Hutchlnson S P Co « 3. V,
20 Oceanic S S Co MW
10 Oceanic S S C 0... 9* •»
10 Sprint Valley Water 9* M
5 Spring Valley Water M^
10 Spring Valley Water M 12£
200 Vlgorit Powder » ».»
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Contra Costa Water .- p
10 Contra Costa \\ ater 7. 3.ft
100 Equitable Gas « £>
$3000 Los Ant-eles Ry Is i° n - l-^
J-OOLos Ar.geles Ry as Mo 2o
lOHonokaa Sugar C 0.....'. 30 00
10 Honokaa Sugar Co.. 23 $.%
10 Hawaiian Commercial „. B^o
100 Paauhau Sugar Co. • 90 i*
20 S F Gas & Electric 50 g
15 6 F Gas & Electric 50 62*
10 Spring Valley Water 94 00
6 Spring Valley Water 91 12^i
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
150 Barker Ranch J 15
2CO Century 120
100 Century * »
2CO Anaconda »
Afternoon Session.
200 Anaconda 95
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Burlington 100
ECO Petroleum Center 40
Afternoon Session.
10 Blue Goose 25 00
300 Burlington 1 00
ICO Home OH. b 30 J 90
50 Ban Luis 6 00
Street Session.
Board —
250 Petroleum Center 40
MINTNO STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francieco Stock and Exchange Board:
Morning Session
50 Best & Belcher 22; SCO Potosi Jj
500 Chollar 21' 200 Savage is
150 Con Cal & Va..l 50 300 Sierra Nevada 45
1000 Potosi S3 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes O7| 200 Hale & Norc... It
100 Best & Belcher 22 200 Justice n
200 Bullion 05i! 100 Mexican "."""" 3S
100 Caledonia 53! 400 Utah * 04
700 Chollar 24l
The following were the salea In the Paclfle
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session
200 Best & Belcher 22; 7CO Con Cal & V 1 47%
SOO Chollar 24l 600 Con Cal & Va .1 45
100 Con Cal & Va..l 50 350 Carters G M Co 30
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 22: 200 Ophlr 73
100 Challenge Con. 21' CCO Savage "" 15
100 Hale & Norc... 37j 130 Sierra Nevada! 43
200 Ophlr 71* 500 Carters G M Co M
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Jan. 30.— 4 p. m.
? . Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Kentuck — 02
Alta 02 04 Lady Wash.... 02 —
Andes o« 07Mexican 32 33
gelcher oa 10. Occidental 17 M
Best & Belcher 22 23 Ophlr 70 73
Bullion 04 05 Overman 05 06
Caledonia 34 56 Potosi 31 33
Chollar 24 23' Savage 14 15
Challenge Con.. 21 22; Scorpion CJ —
Confidence 73 — Seg Belcher C 2 03
ConCal & Va..l 45 150 Sierra Nevada. 43 45
Con Imperial.... — 01 Silver Hill — 05
Con ISew York. — 01 St Lou's — 07
Crown Point.... 11 13 Standard —2 SO
Exchequer — 02, Syndicate OS 06
Gould & Curry 23 21 Union Con 23 30
Hale & Norc... 34 3o|Utah 94 06
Ju»a — <tt;Yellow Jacket. 22 M
Justice 02 03J
Boston Wool Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
faction. Berlin and Paris bought International
securities. Consols rallied from 99% to par on
the disclosure of a heavy bear account. The
contango market was only 2%.
Americans began idle and remained about
parity, at which level small professional buying
developed. New York supported, but the deal
ings were small. There was no gold move
ment. Money was in more demand and rates
a trifle nlgher. Bills were hard, but the busi
ness in them was small. India banks are buy-
Ins silver.
CLOSING,
LONDON, Jan. 30.— Union Pacific preferred.
• 6%; Canadian Pacific. 9">Vi : Northern Pacific
preferred, 75%; Atchlson. 304; Grand Trunk.
7%: Anaconda, S4; bar silver steady, 27 9-16 d
per ounce.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1900.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydromraphlc Office. U. S. N.. M»r
chants" Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
January 30, 1300.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noc-n to-day—
I. *¦. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIN 3.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in chargo,
New York Grain and Produce.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order nf occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives ths>
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, ma sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on th»
United Statei Coaat Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
,the depth given by the charts. The plane oC
reference In tn» vn**n of th» lower Intr water*.
BOSTON, Jan. 30— The wool market here was
more active this week. Territory wools shaded
the list.' with fine medium and fine scoured sell-
Ing at 65c. while choice staj)le called for 70c.
Fleece wools were In slow demand and prices
largely nominal. Some Australian wools were
sold but prices are nominal. Quotations:
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota, line,
medium and fine 22'jJ24c. scoured 62@boc. staple
CK@TOc; Utah and Wyoming, tine, medium and
fine 19@22c, scoured Go@63c. staple 6o@6Sc;
Idaho, fine, medium and fine 17®21c, scoured
Coi@63e. medium 20@23c. scoured 52^54.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices, comb-
Ing superfine, BS@9oc; good, 66ij}8.c; aver
age. 65c. :^i
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. SO.— Wheat— The market Is
steady on a good milling demand: Walla Walla,
62553 c: Valley, 51®52c; Bluestem, 63@34c.
The British bark Hadrton Hall cleared to-day
for Yokohama with 51.292 bushels of wheat.
This Is the flrat cargo of wheat ever shipped
from the Pacific Coast for Japan.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 30.— N0 Changs In wheat:
Club. Sic; Bluestem. 53c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Jan. 30.— Clearings, $218,510; bal
ances, $42,142.
Foreign Markets.
•LONDON. Jan. 20.— Consols. 100; silver,
27 9-16 d; French rentes. IOOf 37% c. Wheat car
goes off coaat, buyers. and sellers apart. 3s 6d;
cargoes on passage,' sellers asking an advance;
cargoes No. 1 Standard California, 30e; cargoes
Oregon. 25s od; English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 30.— Wheat firm; No. 1
Standard California. 6s 4d(g6s 44d; wheat In
Paris, dull; Hour in Paris, weak; French coun
try markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 19-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
firm, la 114 d; Noi 1 Northern spring, firm.
6s Id; No. 1 California. 6s ld@6s 44d. Futures
steady; March. 5s lid; May. 5s 10% d.
CORN— Spot American mixed (new), firm,
3s 6%d; old, firm, 3s 7d. Futures. January,
nominal; Fsbruary. quiet, 3s 64d; March,
quiet, 3s 6%d. ._^____
Board—
8
24 B
. 0.
:. *--fc
u.sa
15. 12
J.i.
12. r>7
7 &5
7 M
'.CZ
11 M
•7 «7
:.e;
""
S-H
I.OS
12.C
j t7
4.87
2.C2
o.cs
£ .«4
1.41
1.22
rerai
itune.
24 B
. 0.
:. *--fc
u.sa
15. 12
J.i.
12. r>7
7 &5
7 M
'.CZ
11 M
•7 «7
:.e;
""
S-H
I.OS
12.C
j t7
4.87
2.C2
o.cs
£ .«4
1.41
1.22
rerai
itune.
?
P
II ...
1 ...
2 ...
I ...
4 ...
5 ...
8 ...
0:091
0:C;
1:20!
I:B«
»:35>
3:1<M
4:08|
5.2|
5.3:
5.5!
5.«
S.«l
5.7
S.Tj
5::
<:l
«:'
7::
S::
:>¦:
11::
:13:
:M
US7
:541
:5O
:5!>l
•¦13:
1.9l
l.«
1.3
1.1
0.9*
0.7|
11:16
12:10
1:CS
2:09
3:09!
4:10!
5:151
6.0!
5.7
1.4
4.9!
4.5|
4.0i
S.T;
5:45.'-
6:25!
7:0S
7:51
8:30!
9:16'
10:23!
-04
0.»
0.5
l.J
1.7
3.»
r<
Steamer. |
j From. I Du*.
!
Homer
Volumnia
Nippon Mara...
Australia
Famoa •
Willamette
! 1
, [Portland Ijaa. :
.Hamburg jjaa. :
, (China and Japan Jan. !
.IHonolulu Jan. !
iHumboldt Jan. :
.Seattle !Jan. :
21
n
n
si
n
Wellinsrton
.JDyster Harbor iJan,. :
31
San Pedro I
Walla Walla...
Orizaba
Mackinaw
Coos Bay |
Arcata .,
South Portland.
Newburg i
Crescent City...
Washtenaw
E. Thomson....
Tellus
Columbia (
Corona.
North Fork I
Aloha I
Lady Joleey j
Uonlta I
Chas. Nelson...]
Umatllla i
City of Para...
Point Arena
State of C'al
IHumboldt ;reb.
. Victoria & Puget Sound Feb.
. Humboldt [Feb.
, Seattle [Feb.
, I Newport Feb.
.(Coos Bay Feb.
..Oyster Harbor Feb.
..Grays Harbor Feb.
.Crescent City Feb.
, Comox Feb.
, Oyster Harbor Feb.
, Oyster Harbor |Feb.
, Portland Feb.
. San Dfego Feb.
Humboldt Feb.
jCrescent City Feb.
• China and Japan Feb.
Newport (Feb.
Puget Sound jFeb.
Victoria A Pujtet Sound. Feb.
'Panama jFeb.
'Point Arena ;Feb.
. ! Portland Feb.
i
r
s
8teamer. | Destination.
Salla. | Pier.
Coqullle RvJGrays Harbor:
Albion Crescent City.
A. BlanctTd, Coos Bay 1
Jan.
¦Jan.
| Jan.
.. 31. 1 pmiPter 23
. 31. 2 pm|Pler >
. 21. 5 pm Pier 11
Bomta iSan Pedro I
Queea Vic & Pgt Sd.
Doric (Chlna&Japan
Pomona ....|San Diego
State of Cal: Portland
Orizaba ...jHumboldt
ft. Arena. .ilViint Arena.. 1
Samoa jHumboldt !
Arcata .-..(Coos Bay |
Coos Bay... Newport |
Walla Wall; Vic & P<?t M.I
Newburg ..jGraya Harbor,
Corona !?an Dietro I
A y^a^riaan \T>r\rtli\nA m
|Jan.
Jan.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
I Feb.
!Feb.
[Feb.
I Feb.
\Feb.
Feb.
,. 31. * am, Pier U
. 31. 10 am: Pier i
i. 1. Xpm:PMS3
.. 2. U am! Pier U
>. 2. 10 am Pier 24
k S. 2pm:Pler »
>. 3, 2 pmPler »
>. 3, 10 am Pier 13
i. 4. 10 am; Pier 13
«. 4. 9 amiPler U
>. 5. 10 am; Pier i
k 5, 5pra|
i. 6. U am Pier ll
i 8
Aberdeen ..jfortiana*
North Fork.Humboldt
Columbia .. Portland
Curacao Mexico
Australia .. Honolulu ,
t eo.
Feb.
Feb.
Feb.
,F*b.
>. o
». 7. 9 am Pier 2
.. 7. 10 am! Pier U
.. 7. 19am;Pier U
i. 7. 10 am Pier TRobbed Their Grandmother.
Edward and Willie Walsh, the two boys
who knocked down and robbed their
grandmother. Mrs. Mary Coughlln, 2618
McAllister btreet. Monday morning, ay-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLEVER ACTRESS ARRIVES.
Miss Keith Wakeman, a Californian,
Will Join the Frawleys.
Miss Keith "Wakeman, a California ac
tress, who has won much distinction in
Europe and Eastern cities, arrived from
London last evening and took apartments
at the California Hotel. Miss Wakeman
will make her first appearance in San
Francisco with the Frawley company on
Monday. February 12.
Nine years ago Miss Wakeman departed
for Europe. Since that time she has
played leading parts in many of the Lon
don'theaters, where she became a great
favorite. Two years ago she came to New
York with Willard, but later returned to
the English metropolis. She will make
her first appearance in this city in the
"Transit of Leo," and on that occasion
her friends have arranged to give her a
hearty reception.
SALMON PRICES MAY RISE.
Combine of British Columbia Canner
ies Will Cause Higher Figures.
Private letters have been received In this
city concerning the combination made by
the salmon canners of British Columbia.
The letters set forth substantially the fol
lowing as the facts of the case: There
are about forty canneries concerned They
have two purposes in combining. One Is
to lessen expenses. The other Is to pre
vent the cutting of prices. While some
matters connected with the affair are still
Indefinite, the proposition is generally to
shut down part of the canneries and to
operate the others under one management.
SINGLE-TAXERS MEET.
Discuss the Philosophy of Their The
ories at Loughead Hall.
The San Francisco Single Tax Society
held a public meeting last night at Loug
head Hall. IGOS Polk street, at which musi
cal numbers and single tax philosophy
divided the honors of the programme.
Charles K. Stein presided, as well as
talked upon single tax theories In a gen
eral way. Alfred Crldge spoke upon "Sin
gle Tax vs. War." His conclusions were
that all war was for aggrandizement and
thus the tax question was materially con
concerned In it.
Miss Qulnn and Miss Alice Bolton sang
several times between the oratorical ef
forts of the speakers.
FAREWELL TO DR. RADER.
Testimonial Tendered the Clergyman
at Young Men's Christian
Association.
The testimonial benefit which the
friends of Rev. William Rader extended
to that gentleman last night in the au
ditorium of the Y. M. C. A. building
proved an unqualified success In every
particular. The benefit was got up by the
frlenfis of the popular minister in order
to bid him bon voyage on the trip he is
about to undertake, and at the same time
to effer him some substantial token of the
esteem in which he is held by those
whom he haa labored among. •: .-
Dr. Rader will leave for the East as
toon as he can get his affairs arranged
to penr.it of his ttuking a vacation, and
will sail from New York for Europe,
where he will remain from six to eight
mor.ths. Most of this time the reverend
gentleman will pass In England, as It Is
his intention to devote as much of his
vacation as possible to a course of study
w hich he will pursue at Oxford. He will
find an opportunity, however, for a
short run over to Paris and to one or
two of the principal titles of the Conti
nent.
The propramme of the entertainment
last night was under the direction of Rev.
G«*org<» Aflams and was excellently ren
dered in every particular. It was as fol
lows:
riano r.lo, M!*p He>Ti J. Hftirar; "The Old
Folks at Home," Knickerbocker Male Quartet;
Chinese Heavily Fined.
Ah Hlng and Silk Jim, two highbinders,
who were convicted Saturday by Judge
Megan on the charge of carrying a con
cealed weapon In the shape of a revolver,
appeared for sentence yesterday.
The Judge said he was satisfied the de
fendants had the revolvers for a sinister
purpose, and he would Impose a fine of
$500 upon each, with the alternative of six
menths In the County Jail.
THE SOLDIER DEAD.
Ladies Start a Movement to Show Re
spect for Those Who Died in
the Philippines.
A number of the ladles who were Inter
ested in the movement of the relatives of
Foldlern to give the California volunteers
a fitting reception upon their return from
Manila have decided to Inaugurate a
movement for the purpose of showing
proper respect to the mortal remains of
those who died for their country on a for
eign poll.
To-night Mrs. Charles Tlhen, Mrs. S.
'] Seymour and Mrs. J. R. Baird will have
i charge of a meeting of relatives and
' friends of d.eceased soldiers, and all who
! are interested in paying the last honora
to the soldier dead, to be held in the Ellis
i street armory, and to which all will be
I welcome. It is proposed to obtain ionn
: tions of flowers to place on the coffins and
. to strew ovr-r the graves, as the inter
1 monts are made in the national cemetery.
j The ladies named rpqu*"st that any one
: who has flowers to contribute for this pur
i pose will leave or send them to the arrn
i ory.
Violated the Game Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 30.— John Moloney, tht
and so make the expenses less. At the
same time there will be a fixed price to be
paid to the fishermen for fish. The amount
of money in the deal Is not made public.
Competition has cut the rates for the
goods In some Instances, and the canners
are after all the profit they can get.
The comments of the salmon canners
who have offices In this city are to the ef
fect that the move In British Columbia
will be likely to benefit them. Prices will
rise for the British Columbia output. The
effect of the combine must be in that di
rection, for that was the purpose.
Divorce Defaults Entered.
OAKLAND. Jan. ".o.— Defaults were en
tered to-day in the dlvono suits of Enocn
Gustafson vs. Bridget Gustafson. brought
on the ground of habitual Intemperance,
and the case of Minnie Agnes Dean
against "Willard Dean, brought on the
ground of desertion.
Suicide of James Arby.
STOCKTON. Jan. 30.— James Arby. a
stranger who came to James Henney'«
place on Roberts Island a few days ago,
where he had been working for his board,
committed Buicide this morning by hack*
ing his throat with a penknife.
REIER HAS A NARROW
ESCAPE FROM DEATH
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.— F. Reler of 508
Eighth street was partially asphyxiated
by gas last night. He was found In a
Femi-conpclous condition by other mem
bers of the family this morning and was
revived with difficulty.
The young man, who Is well known,
said that he must have partly turned on
the gas after shutting It off before Fetlr
lng last night. The fluid leaked out slow
ly, and this fact is alone responsible for
Reler being alive now.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J W Walker. L Prletas E H Forrest, Wyo
E L McCormlck. AT IRS Brown, Petaluma
W H Graham, Napa E J Cahill, San Jose
H Karn, Cal i F Drake. Cal
A M Allen. Cal |F H Craven & W, Colo
P Bernhelm. Vallejo 'Mrs T C Drake. Cal
J M Burns, Vacavtlle !D F Fish. Lemoore
C L Dailey, Salem |H L Nelson, 9ta Bar
W W Hubbard. Cal |J Cusalck At. Chlco
J J Campbell. Cal |J Ralph. Alvarado
T W Dlbblee. BerkeleyiT M Lamelry. Boston
W H Cooper Berkeley 'J Frieman, St Louis
W Ward. Oakland J McDannil. Menlo Pk
H C Bush. Cal D M Burchard. 3 Jose
X H Courtiss, Cal M Evens. London
J E Young, Astoria !j F Americh. Nan
M L Mery. Chlco iA Hannah. Minn
W D Young. Incram ;F H McNeel & w. Cal
Mrs W D YounK. do IJ H Read, Sacto
O H Kendall. Mass J E Palmer. Sacto
G Miller. Vanvouver !H O P.ose w& d. Mich
F. 3 Adams. Cal IDA E Baldwin. 11l
E Walther. Cal J O MoEwen, Cal
Mrs H'W Barrow, Cal T W Tompklns. Cal
M C Smith, Vacavllle J C Mock. Colusa
C G Bribes, Portland jL E JorJan, Sacto
C R Fex. Monterey A W Atkinson. Cal
D Hollister, Courtland S L Litherland, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
II A Buell. Mil IJ M Francis. Omaha
R E Henderson. TacmiPr C Wolfsbrfck. N T
D C Dodtre, Denver jTessle Mandet. Chlcag
Mrs Dodsre. Denver F O Moyer. N T
O W Kramer. Denver \E D By lard. S Mateo
Miss Kramer. Denver j Mrs C Andrews. Waah
J J Marcovlch. OakldJMlss Logan & maid.
H Lion. San Jose | Wash. D C
A M Barker. San Jose;j a Losan, Wosh.D C
G E Goodman, Napa j D T Ames. Mt View
Mrs Goodman, Napa i F Kid, Manehf*ster
Mrs S Walford. Guatla'N Bowdfn, San Jose
C L Hanson, Los Ang O Anderson. Hamburg
T Johnson, Winnipeg j W O Felts, Chicago
Mrs F McLauehlin. S!J E Verree. Chlcaco
Cruz ! F H Minard. Denver
Mlbs McLaughlln. S cz'W G Thorp. Salt Lke
W Dell. NY I A F Randall, Topeka
Mrs Dell. N T iMrs Randall. Topeka
G A Boomer, Chicago j Mrs D Hardln. Chlcjo
J F Rowntree. Denver Ml?s J Hardin. Chcgo
A G HablnentinKer.MxjT H I>»nn. Chieajro
M Nelson. Chicago |W Mllltken. Ind
JII Pierce. Chicago JO Ouyten, Ind
W C Brown. Chicago J p McCoy. N V
NEW WESTERN' lIOTFU
J Leavitt, Stockton Mrs B Folpy, Los Ang:
E Johnson, Seattle H M DonaM. Trurfcee
P Barberis. Aiaryrville G F James. Colfax
T J Quigley San Jose C J Ross & xv, Cal
J A Kinz, Furtland H Fallor;. Peartie
A B Blockman, Cal Mrs O W Kent. Wash
O Calore, Oakdale II Ferpuson, Pasadena
H L. Joyce, NTN T V Mn Smith, Modesto
F Norman. NT [HZ. Uickson. I)«nver
J S Harrison. Chicago
GEORGE POETZ
MAY GO FREE
Employers LenientCon
cerningthe Robbery.
George Poetz. the boy collector for C. T2.
Whitney & Co., who resorted to a stupid
trick of claiming he had been robbrd to
hide his crime, appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday. His eyes were shielded*
by a pair of Blue glasses and he held his
hat In front of his face. He explained to
the Judge that he had been awake all
night and his eyes could not stand the
light. Poetz had been charged with grand
larceny, and he was Instructed ana ar
raigned by the Judge. He asked for a
continuance, as he wanted to get in at
torney, and «ald that he believed his em
ployers would not prosecute him. The
Judge continued the case till Friday.
There Is a strong likelihood that the
boy's employers will refuse to prosecute
him. In fact, neither Arthur L. Whitney
nor Edward Pond, who constitute the firm
of C. E. Whitney & Co.. has sworn to a
complaint, and so far as they are con
cerned Poetz need have no fear of prnlng
to prison for his offense. When Mr. Pond
was seen last night he declined to say
whether his firm would appear against
the boy. He expressed himself as full of
sympathy for Poetz. and says that it was
on his authority that the boy refused to
talk about the case. He claimed that the
sum buried by Poetz was less than JO3O.
the checks for $1370 having been stopped
at the bank. The detectives claim tli;».t
Poetz took the coin to cover up a pre
vious defalcation of $627, but this is denied
by his employer, who says that Poetz's
accounts are correct to a cent.
"Neither Mr. Whitney nor myself," sail
Mr. Pond, "were anxious to lock Poetz up.
but the detectives insisted upon It. and. In
fact, the records will show that Detectives
Cody and Gibson are the complainants.
The boy was evidently out of his mind
when he committed the deed, or else he
acted under some extraordinary Impulse
which ho could not resist. The story of
the robbery was so straightforward that
I would have believed it implicitly hid he
not confessed. Why, he had $1300 In gold
coin which he had collected from a bakery
firm earlier In the day, which our cashier
received from him by appointment. Now
he might have taken that money In addi
tion to the other. As to the boy leading
a gay life, that is absurd. lie had no bad
habits, and on Investigation we find that
he owes but $7 In small debts. Our firm
has not lost a single cent through Poetz.
of whom we thought very highly, and we
sincerely hope that no harm will result to
him from his thoughtless escapade. If
Mr. Whitney or myself decline to talk
when we are called as witnesses It an
pears to me that a case cannot be made
against the boy. but I do not care to say
if that will be cur method of procedure in
the case."
INCIDENTS
IHGOEBEL'S
ASSASSINATION
Continued from Page Twelve.
J. R. THOMPS N
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.— Joseph R. Thomp
son, assistant division superintendent of
the Western division of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad, died at an early nour this
morning from blood-poisoning resulting
from an injury sustained on Thanksgiving
day. But few of his friends thought that
his condition was serious and to most of
them the death was a complete surprise.
Deceased was visiting friends on a
ranch near Calistoga when the accident
occurred. He was picking holly berries at
the time and Injured his knee by slipping
from a bowlder. A slight abrasion of the
skin occurred and this wa.s soon followed
by erysipelas. Although the physicians
endeavored to abate the ailment they
failed, and a few days agu blood-poison
ing set in. The patient fallal rapidly
after this and continued to sink until
death claimed him.
Mr. Thompson was one of the best
known railroad men In California and
had been in the business" hero for <over a
quafter of a century. For the past ten
years he had held the position which he
occupied at the time of his death. He
was one of the most popular officials of
the Southern Paclnc system and was es
pecially well liked among his subordin
ates.
Deceased resided at 924 Klrkham street.
He leaves a widow, but no children. The
funeral will take place from the First
Congregational Church at 11 o'clock next
Thursday morning. Interment will be at
Mountain View Cemetery.
MIDNIGHT ROW
OVER INTEREST
IN REAL ESTATE
Mystery of a Broken
Window.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Jan. 30.
A quarrel between two brothers over
land interests shortly after midnight this
morning nearly ended In a tragedy, ac
cording to the Btory of a young man
giving the name of William Gibson, who
called at the Receiving Hospital shortly
after 1 o'clock this morning to have his
face repaired.
"My brother George and I had a dispute
over certain real estate which I claim he
is trying to steal from me," said the pa
tient to Warden Page, in explanation of
the manner in which he sustained his
facial injuries. "I charged him with try-
Ing to do me out of it, and then he threw
me through the window of his residence
at 71C Jackson street."
The affair is shrouded in mystery. Cap
tain George L. Gibson and wife reside at
716 Jackson street and Mrs. Gibson to-day
declared s«he knew nothing of any quarrel
in her house.
"William Gibson," she said, "is an uncle
of my husband, residing in Nebraska, but
I don't know that he was hurt. And
surely,"' she continued, smiling, "there
has been no one thrown through any
window in this house."
On the second floor of the Gibson resi
dence, however, there appears to be a
broken window.
Mrs. Gibson declared she knew nothing
about any misunderstanding that might
have taken place In her home. She said
her husband hud gone of! this morning
on his vessel and he was certainly not in
jured.
CAHILL FINALLY
DIVORCED FROM
HIS CRUEL WIFE
Bitter Contest Has
Ended.
Oakland Office Fan Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Jan. 33.
Four times and out! After three futile
attempts In the divorce courts, Christo
pher J. Cahiil and Margaret P. Cahill
have been legally perorated at lapt.
For the pa^t three years the Cahills—
who are among the prominent residents
of Dimond. Fruitvale — have been trying
to dissolve the matrimonial bonds that
had become distasteful to both, Mrs. Ca
hill being the plaintiff usually.
The las=t time Mrs. Cahill sued for a
divorce she made capital out of the fact
that one evening:, when she was enter
taining one Sinkowltz. an expressman,
who was helping to support her family.
Mr. Cahill appeared on the scene and
threatened to thrash him. but Slnkowitz
declined to be thrashed and drove Cahill
from the houso at the point of a revolver.
}'»ut Christopher Cahill proved that his
wife had secured a lead pencil deed to
all of his property. Judge Greene, on that
occasion, refused to prrant Mrs. Cahill a
decree until she should return the prop
* rty to her husband. She refused and
tlie parties went outside and made up,
iird no decree was forthcoming.
Then it was Christopher's turn to file
suit. He claimed there was no living with
Ms worse half: that shf made unpleasant
demonstrations with cups and saucers,
find wa.fi cruel In the extreme.
Late this afternoon Judge Ellsworth
granted the divorce to Christopher Cahill,
the wife not having found time to an
pwer, and to plaintiff was awarded the
custody of two children— Christopher and
Ir*»ne. " But the property, it appears, re
rjains with the wife.
Martin Muleted for Damages.
Daniel H. Foley yesterday recovered
Judgment against ex-Sheriff Martin for
J750. the amount of damages assessed by
Judge Seawell for the unlawful entry of
plaintiff's premises, 342 Duncan street, by
Deputy Sheriffs Thomas F. Bryant and
James Lawler while trying to serve a
summons en the plaintiff.
Wants to Earn Enough to Get Home.
Louis Richards, a mining man pt Grass
Valley, visited the chambers of the Board
of Supervisors yesterday and made a piti
ful request to be allowed an opportunity
to work for the city until he had earned
enough money to pay for his passage
home. He claimed that he recently came
to this city with $60 in his pocket, which
he had earned at his occupation as a
miner, but in an unguarded moment he
had succumbed to the wiles of two sirens
In the Thalia Music Hall on Market
Btreet. and as a consequence he was now
penniless in a strange city. Richards
lingered in the corridors for several
hours, but was offered no encouragement
and he finally went away.
Dinner to D. A. Sinclair.
A dinner was given last night at the
Hotel Stewart in honor of D. A. Sinclair,
general secretary of the Young Men's
Christian Association of Dayton, Ohio
It. V. Watt presided and speeches were
made by Rev. F. W. Clampett, rector of
the Trinity Episcopal Church. Rev. 8. D
Hutsinplllar of the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church. D. E. CollinsJ, E. E
Kelly and D. A. Sinclair.
MRS. GREENAN'S TRIAL.
Accused Principal Produces Witnesse*
in Rebuttal.
The Board of Education yesterday re
sumed its investigation into the charges
against Mrs. Rebecca Greenan, prin
cipal of the Sunnydale School. Eighteen
witnesses had been subpenaed, and most
of them were examined during the day..
F. H. Green, secretary of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, apparently did not
have much faith in the word of Mrs.
Nlckells, who testified ajralnst Mrs. Gree
nan last week, for he said that he would
not believe Mrs. Nlckells under oath and
considered her unreliable.
Officer Farrell testified that Mrs. Nlck
ells was a disturbing clement.
Superintendent Webster. Director Mark
and ex-School Directors Gedge and Ber
gerot gave testimony regarding the ftling
of the charges.
:IF YOU ALLOW
' A Druggist- to "palm off" a cheap substitute upon yon, when
' •¦* you ask for a Oenuino Article, he attacks" your intellectuality.
I IF CONSTIPATED YOU WANT RELIEF,
NATURE HAS PROVIDED THE REMEDY.
YOUR DRUGGIST HAS IT.
YOUR PHYSICIAN WILL RECOMMEND IT.
The World's Best «8« ¥£&Mo*of Take N °
POSTTJM CEREAL.
CAN EAT ANY KIND OF FOOD
Since She Left Off Coffee and Uses
Postum Food Coffee.
"Coffee caused dull headaches and
.lizzinefs, with steady indigestion, until
I discovered the reason of the trouble,
and this was proven by leaving off cof-
fee and taking Postum Food Coffee.
The dizziness, headache and indigestion
have entirely disappeared.
"My mother, Mrs. Burlingame, Ken-
ilworth, 0., was a great sufferer from
stomach trouble and indigestion for
many years. She had to live on a very
restricted diet, until during the past
winter *he gave up coffee and began
using Posttiin Food Coffee every day.
It is now three months since she made
the change, and she is so much im-
proved fhe can eat nearly any kind of
food. It is evidence to us that the cof-
fee caused the trouble and that the
Postum Food Coffee helped to build
her back into health and strength." —
Mrs. J. M. Gould, W. Farmington, O. l
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.— S. P. Johnson
of San Francisco is at the Shoreham; J.
A. Scupham of San Francisco is at the
Arlington.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bit-
tied for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. Ie
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematrra
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicccele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absoluta
success in all cases. A reouest to 4.! i«
State Medical Institute. 223 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. Th«
Institute Is desirous of reaching tnat
great class of men who ere unable to
leave home to be treated, 'nd the ire«
sample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness wh»n
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will b, % sent a free sample.
carefuJy sealed In « plafn package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers «x«
requested to write without celajr.
FORCE TO BE REDUCED.
Board of Public Works Begins to Be
trench.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
received a report from Commissioner Ma
hony In which he recommended that she
number of carpenters employed should
not exceed four. Including M. Doyle, whom
the Fire Department will carry on its pay
roll, but asks that he be appointed head
carpenter by the board without compen
sation.
Mr. Mahony is also convinced that the
working of material by the machinery in
the shop Is not the most economical way
to have It done, and an agreement should
be made In advance with one of the many
private planing mills, and the cost greatly
reduced thereby. Both recommendations
were adopted by the board.
The services of the watchman at the
carpenter shop were ordered dispensed
with after January 31 on account of the
proximity of one of the engine houses.
The following petitions were referred to
the Bureau of Ptreets: From the Western
Addition Improvement Club, requesting
that Bush street be thoroughly recon
structed and placed in good condition:
from the West of Castro Street Improve
ment Club, calling attention to the bad
condition of the crossing at the Intersec
tion of Twenty-third and Diamond Btre*t3.
and also to the effect that Gray Brother*'
teams are depositing screenings on Dia
mond street, between Twenty-third and
Clipper. _
GLEESON MURDER CASE.
Ernest Narjot Instructed and Ar
raigned by Judge Fritz.
Ernest Narjot, who shot and killed J.
O'Neill Glecson, bartender In Stanley's
grotto. Turk and Market' streets, Sunday
night, was instructed and arraigned by
Judge Fritz yesterday on the charge of
murder. He was represented by Attor
neys Ferral and Sweeney, and at their
request a continuance was granted for a
week, pending the result of th 6 Coroner's
inquest.
Detective George McMahon yesterday
morning found on top of tho bureau in
the room at SlO Mission street, where
NarJ^t and Minnie Hamilton had lived
as Mr. and Mrs. Ortis, a letter in the
form o; a will. It is supposed that after
the shooting Narjot went to the room and
left tho letter, which reads as follows:
FAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Nov. 11. 1890.
To Ilibrnla Hank: Please pay to Mrs. Min
nie Hamilton (ne* Minnie Tlmm), after ray
death, all moneys deposited In my name at
your bank and oblige, » ¦
ERNEST NARJOT.
Porn of Ernest Narjnt, Santos Narjot (nee
Santos OrtlK), in Matape. State of Sonora,
Mexico. February 24, ISC4.
COURT NOTES.
Antonio Renati, an old man. was yester
day fined $20, with the alternative of
twenty days in jail, by Judge Fritz, for
knocking down and kicking a boy, Emillo
Rossi, on Francisco- street because the
boy was annoying him.
James Burns, who stole a purse con»
tainlng $139 from John Montevaldo at the
Twenty-fifth-street railroad station, was
yesterday held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Fritz in $2000 bonds
on a charge of grand larceny.
DIED OF POISON.
Verdict of a Coroner's Jury in Case
of William Hollingsworth.
The chemical analysis of the content*
of the stomach of William Holltngsworth
was presented to Coroner Cole yesterday,
and, 88 everybody already knew, the re
port was that Hollingsworth had died
from a potion of cyanide of potassium.
The jury returned a verdict that Hoilinfjs
worth had died from the effects of the
l>c!Eon. "administered by parties unknown
to the jury."
Hollingsworth was a etran.ied miner
who put up at the New Western Hotel.
He was despondent, purchased the cya
nide, got drunk and took the poison on
January 20. A package of the drug and
a glass which had contained a solution of
the poison lay on a- chair . the head of
the bed. HollingßWorth was *j drunk that
it was with considerable difficulty that the
employes of the hotel put him to bed. In
helping him along the hallway he fall
over a sewing machine and broke one of
his legs, but this injury was not known
until the autopsy was made. The evi
dence was overwhelming that the de
ceased had committed suicide, but the
jurors, one of whom signed his name with
a cross, left the question of suicide In
doubt.
REINSMEN
PREPARE FOR
THE SEASON
Golden Gate Park Driving As
sociation Members Active
< on Road and Track.
The amateur reinsmen who compose
the Golden Gate Park Driving Association
are laying plans tor a big season's sport
on the speedway and on the race track
proper. At a meeting last night new by
laws were adopted, the object being to
govern the association on the most ap
proved lines.
The first big public meeting of the year
will probably be held on May 30 on the
California Jockey Club track, Emeryville.
President Thomas H. Williams has grant
ed the use of the track without expense
to the driving club men. He has, in ad
dition, volunteered to place It In condition
for the trotting horse brigade after the
winter season of running has been com
pleted. .
The new board of officers for the en
suing term will be elected at the next
meeting, a fortnight hence. The eleven
directors will be chosen from among the
following members, who were placed In
nomination last night: J. C. Kirkpatrick.
Edward Algeltinger. A. B. Spreckels.
Harry Patrick. E. Stewart. J. C. Ohlandt,
G. Sweet. 8. Smith. Frank C. O'Kane. F.
\V. Thompson. Irn B. Dalzell. Dr. L. Mil
ler. L. Richardson, W. Hamerton. F. L.
Hackett. D. C. Hammond. C. F. Hanlon.
C. F. Kapp, E. Cerclat and Charles New
man. <¦ :'.: '.
RIVAL OF
NATIONAL
LEAGUE
American Association of Base
ball Clubs Comes Into
Existence.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 30.-The Ameri
can Association of Baseball Clubs was or
ganized her to-day. The Continental
Hotel, where the meeting was held, was
crowded with baseball men from nearl>
every section of the country in which the
national game Is played professionally.
When the meeting was called to order
by President Quin there were present:
H. D. Quin, H. C. Ravener and J. D.
•O'Brien, Milwaukee; Thomas B. Harlan
and G. P. Hoeck, St. Louis; Frank Rich
ter. Philadelphia; Thomas McCarthy and
John Drew, Boston; John McGraw, Con
way W. Sams and Phil Peterson, Balti
more; Adrian C. Anson, Chicago; 11. D.
Quin (by proxy), Detroit. The New York
representative, who came over last night,
returned home to-day for instructions.
President Quin said he regarded the
statement that the National League would
place another association in the field to
antagonize the American Association as
a bluff. He intimated that it was to be a
fight to a finish, and quoted the case of
McGraw as significant proof. McGraw,
he said, was scheduled for sale by Hun
lon & Co. at $14,000, the player to receive
$7000 of the purchase money. This, with
1 is salary ofJf-000, he threw aside to Join
forces with the new association. Mr. Quin
asserted that the American Association
would have no reserve clubs.
The circuit as made up to-day Includes
Boston, Philadelphia and Baltimore, in
the East, and Chicago", Detroit, Milwau
kee and St. Louis, In the West. Applica
tions from Providence and New York
have been received, and one of these
cities will surely be selected at the meet
ing to-morrow.
One of the most Important things done
to-day was the adoption of a resolution
that each city which is granted a fran
chise must deposit $5000 as a guarantee
that the club Is acting in good faith.
Each city Is willing to deposit that
amount.
Referee in Bankruptcy.
Paul C. Harlow of Falrfield has been
appointed referee In bankruptcy for So
lano County.
Fined for Violation of Copyright.
The suit of the United States against
Henry Campe, charged with violating the
Federal copyright law by imitating cer
tain brands of brandy by label, was dis
missed yesterday by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven on the payment by
Campe of Jl5O, specific penalty, and $15 40
costs.
Estate of T. H. Welch.
• OAKLAND, Jan. 30.— Sarah T. Welch
has applied for letters of administration
on the $ftOOO estate of her husband,
Thomas Henry Welch, who died on Jan
uary 21. Decedent left no will. The heirs
are the widow and four children.
DISPLEASED THE
FRENCH CABINET
Allowances of Bishops
Suspended.
PARIS, Jan. 30.— A Cabinet council, at
which President Loubet presided, consid
ered to-day the action of Cardinal Rich
ard, the Archbishop of Paris, in openly
visiting the Assumptlonist Fathers after
the Correctional Tribunal had pronounced
the dissolution of the order and the sub
sequent steps taken by the Government.
The Premier, M. Waldeck-Rousseau, read
his letter requesting Cardinal Richard to
explain, together with the prelate's reply,
declaring that his visit had no political
character, recalling hfs habitual attitude
and defending himself against the charge
of hostility to the repuoiic. To this the
Premier replied that it Cardinal Richard's
explanation led him to consider the ac
count Of his visit published in La Oroix
incorrect, nevertheless he was compelled
to condemn the Cardinal for his unusual
step. The Government, he added, had de
cided to suspend the stipends of those
bishops and priests who wrote letters to
the Assumptlonists containing protests in
compatible with the respect due the work
cf Justice.
As a result of the council. Premier Wal
deck-Rousseau has suspended the allow
ances of the Archbishop of Aix, the Bish
ops of Versailles, Valence, Vlvlers, Tulle
and Montpelier, and the Vicar of Vignor.
The Cabinet also came to decisions re
specting various bills to carry out the
naval scheme, and these M. Waldeck-Rous
seau introduced at the opening of the
Chamber of Deputies this afternoon. They
were referred at his request to the Budget
Commission.
The Government navy bill asks for
76,000,000 francs for the fleet and provides
six tlrst-class battleships, five armored
cruisers, twenty-nine torpedo boat de
stroyers, 112 torpedo boats and twenty-six
submarine boats. It asks for 140,000.000
francs to defend the coasts, Including
38,000.000 francs for the defense of Blzarte.
the French naval stronghold on the coast
of Tunis.
Another bill provides for the establish
ment of Independent cable communication
between France and her colonies, bringing
the total expenditure up to 900.000.00U
francs.
Knocked Down by a Car.
Peter Johnson was knocked down and
badly Injured last night by a westbound
Sacramento-street car at the corner of
Clay and Kearny streets. He was taken
to the City Receiving Hospital, where it
¦was found that he had two fractured ribs
and severe lacerations of the head and
face. Dr. Dray treated his injuries.
peared before Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
Mrs. Coughlin swore to a complaint
against them, and as their father. P. J.
Walsh, wanted them sent to a reform
school, they were held to answer before
the Superior Court on the charge of rob
bery. The Police Judges are not vested
with the power to send boys to a reform
school.
No Football at Stanford.
BERKELEY. Jan. SO— There will be r.o
Intercollegiate football games at Stanford.
At least not between the teams or Stan
ford University and the University of
California. This was decided at a meeting
cf the athletic committee of the Associa
tion of Students of the Berkeley college
to-night. It was declared that a game
could not be played at Stanford without
rlfk of a great financial loss, which Stan
lord was In no position to guarantee
against. It was contended that all an
nual contests must be fought at either
Berkeley or San Francisco to insure a
crowd adequate to make them paying
venture!" For this reason the agreement
reached last Saturday between represen
tatives of the two universities providing
that the annual football games between
the two teams should be held at each uni
versity town every alternate year was re
i.'ifiiated. The agreement in regard to
t-^me of the provisions governing tield-day
exercises was also condemned. This was
done on the ground that some of the
clauses worked prejudicially to Berkeley
brcaupe it practically disbarred some of
—. „ .„ ..-.•«.•-» »~^ •¦^•^•-.^•-.A.r
REMAINS WERE
TWICE INTERRED
Unusual Services Over
a Body.
i^P^clal Dlsi>atch to Th» Call.
6ASJ RAFAEL, Jan. 30— News of a
double funeral, attended by unusual cir
(cmstanos. reached hero to-day from
Sonoma. Some days ago William Taylor.
a mulatto in the employ of the Union
Hotel of Sonoma. <Jl<-d of heart disease.
As the man was apparently friendless
ar.d penniless, an undertaker offered to
inter Taylors remains for the wages
which were due him. Twelve hours after
his dtath, in a box of cheap pine boards,
the mulatto's remains were interred in
bx\ obscure corner of the potter's field In
the Valley Cemetery. As the rain was
pouring down and there seemed no likeli
hood of any interest being taken In the
prave of a friendless negro, the under
taker hastily shoveled a few spadefuls of
?¦arth on the wretched coffin and drove
away. _
Then the Sonoma Athletic Club, of
which body Taylor was a prominent
member, heard of his death, and an in
vestigation was made. After some diffi
culty the gTave of th«» unfortunate man
wop found, partly filled with water. The
coffin wa« removed from the grave and
taken into town. The next day. after
placards announcing the event had been
plentifully distributed, the second funeral
of William Taylor took place. This time,
however, the members of the club walked
bareheaded in front of the body of their
departed friend. Magnificent wreaths,
the tribute of many prominent citizens,
decked the coffln. At the grave a quartet
rar.g Todi's "Good-By," and while the
cofSn was lowered every head was bared.
Healy on Trial.
John F. Healy was placed on trial before
Judge Lawlot- yesterday on a charge of
assault to murder, alleged to have been
committed on the person of Margaret
Ray, an aged woman. Healy said that he
wanted young men, not "old fellov.s,' to
pass on his case, and a Jury In accordance
with his desire was secured. A verdict
will be found to-day.
STATUS OF INSULAR
POSSESSIONS FIXED
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.--The Republi
cans of the Ways and Means Committee
to-night laid down definite lines upon
which the. Republican leaders of the
House have decided to legislate for Porto
Rico so far as tariff duties are concerned.
The decision reached is exceedingly im
portant, as It commits the Republicans of
the Ways and Means Committee to the
theory that Porto Rico and the Philip
pines are not the territory of the United
States within the meaning of that sec
tion of the constitution . which provides
that customs and revenue laws shall be
uniform throughout the United States.
In other words, it commits them to the
view that our new possessions can be
governed as colonies and that discriminat
ing duties can be laid against them. The
question arose In connection with the bill.
Introduced ten days ago by Representa
tive Pavne of New York, designed to re
move all tariff barriers between Porto
Rico and the United States*— ?ree trade, in
other words. " . ,t., t .
The Republican members of the \\ ays
and Means. Committee, to which the bill
was referred, discussed It at BCVenU secret
meetings and to-day decided to favor a
substitute, which will be offered when the
bill comes up for discussion before the full
committee to-morrow.
Thi« <=ui)«titut.= provides that tnr» tariff
of Porto Rico iißainst Roods from foreign
countries except the United States shall
»>c ;hc Bamo n* that against goods enter-
Ing the I'nitort Slates from such countries
but that goods imported into the I nlted
Stales from Porto Rico or from t.it
I'nitod Stales into Porto Rfoo shall pay
25 r><?r cent of the tariff upon foreign
poods. That '.s. between Porto Rico nnd
the United States there shall be a hori
zontal reduction of 75 per cent In the tar
iff. The substitute also provides that tru
revenue from ruch tariff duties shall be
us«»d to defray the expenses of the admin
istration in tho island.
The action of the Republicans to-day
emounts to a decision that the section of
the constitution hereinbefore referred to,
which has been the subject of special In
vestigation by a pub-committeo of tn<?
Wnvs and Means Committee for several
weeks, does not apply to our Insular pos-
Fesslons and that the constitution of the
United States does not extend over them.
Monterey Pioneer Dies
Ppec'.al Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. Jan. 30.— News has been
received here from Chualar of the death
of John E. Whitworth, a well-known pio
neer resident of Southern Monterey Coun
ty. Mr. WhltWOrth was born In Manches
terfi Enp., CS years ago, and came to Cali
fornia in his early youth. For the past
thirty yean he has filled the position of
superintendent of the big Chualar Rancho
In Southern Monterey County, owned by
the Monterey capitalist,. David Jacks. De
ceased leaves no family, his only survlv
me relative being a brother now living In
the town of Chualar. It is paid he leave*
an estate worth between $40,000 and $50,
rvm nil nf which will cro to his brother.
soprano eolo. "A May Morning. Mr» Susie
Hert-Mark; a sketch. Cyru* Brownlee Newton;
contralto solo. Miss Xena Rcbirts: tenor solo,
serenade "I Pagllaccl," Herbert Williams; a
thort adfiress. Rabbi Voornanger: cornet solo.
"LJmpton Carew." Mrs. I*. A. Larsen; bass
*010, "Dream of Paradise." Mr. L. A. Lar
»en: reading. Miss Elizabeth F. Bartlett: con
tralto eolo. Miss Xena Roberts; •"Good Night,"
KnlrV#rho»-k»T Mnl* Quartet.
In the Divorce Court.
Emelia Vatuone has been granted a di
vorce from Angelo Vatuone on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Suits for di
vorce have been filed by Clara M. Leu
against Robert C. Leu for cruelty, In-,
gebor Jorgensen against C. J. Jorgensen
for infidelity and Eugenia A. Demers
against Ensebe Demers for desertion.
Carrie Shaw has sued her husband.
George N. Shaw, keeper of the Point Fer
mln lighthouse, for a divorce. She alleges
failure to provide as cause of complaint.
their cracks, who were in the habit of en
tering more than one contest. These
would not now be able to do so because of
the short time elapsing between the dif
ferent contests. A further conference will
be held with Stanford, at which an effort
will be made to readjust the agreement in
a satisfactory manner.
EBELL LADIES
WILL DISCUSS
FEDERATION
Call a Special Meeting
for To-Day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
SOS Broadway, Jan. 30.
The meeting of the Ebell Society to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock will be one
of the most important events in the his
tory of that prominent organization, for
It will mark either the acceptance or the
rejection of the invitation given the so
ciety to join the California State Federa
tion of Woman's Clubs. . The meeting
will be confined to members of the board,
and from the interest being manifested
for and against federating, it is probable
there will be no vacant chairs. •
The chief business on hand. In fact, the
prime object of the session, will be the
hearing of the reports of Mrs. Roland P.
Gleason and Mrs. P. B. Gunn; the dele
gates chosen by the society to attend the
convention of woman's clubs In Los An
geles two weeks ago. Though half a
month has passed since the close of the
southern assemblage, the Ebell Society's
representatives have not before had an
opportunity of officially informing their
organization of the doings at thebigmeet
ing. nor their impressions of it, nor the
part they took.
The board will hear with special Inter
est the report of Mrs. Gleason, who went
to Los Angeles rather prejudiced against
federation, and returned not only entirely
changed in her attitude toward it, but a
temporary officer, having been chosen a
district vice president of the Federated
Clubs. Mrs. Gleason gives as reasons for
her conversion the conservative non-par
tisan womanly constitution that was
adopted. This constitution, puts no po
litical, religious or factional reasons for
ward as the excuse of Its formation, but
reasons that are purely educational, lo
cally patriotic— such as improvments and
the like— and artistic. And the popular
president of the Ebell Society says the
most conservative member of her club
can accept the adpoted constitution with
out feeling that federation will ever
mean an entrance Into unpleasant, con
tests, either State or local.
The society twice voted federation
down, and has quietly suppressed any
ardent action In its favor. Only club
courtesy made delegates seem necessary
at the Los Angeles meeting.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1900.
market man who was convicted of selling
quail in violation of the county ordinance,
was to-day fined $20 by Justice Wallace.
Moloney has appealed the case and will
test the ordinance.
J. R. THOMPSON
PASSES AWAY
The tragedy at Frankfort was the indi
rect yet not entirely surprising result of
the Intensity of bitter feeling that has
been engendered by the recent State elec
tion and the political plays that have fol
lowed It. Only in the assassination of
President Garfield Is anything like a par
allel to It to be found In the history of the
country.
Though often In th^ past the scene of
bloody and fatal encounters between Indi
viduals In settlement of personal griev
ances, the capital city of Frankfort has
never before seen such as this. The as
sassination of Judge Elliott. In the seven
ties, by Colonel Buford, a disappointed
litigant. Is the only event In the history of
the city or the State of Kentucky that
approaches it. In lack of personal respon
sibility and provocation on the part of the
victim and cold-blooded purpose and
preparation on the part of the assassin.
The last election In Kentucky was one
of the most hotly contested In the political
annals of the State, and that there has
not been bloodshed before Is not due to
the absence of hot blood and bitter feel
ing, but rather that when once begun
there was no telling when or where the
trouble would stop. The men of both
parties, while thoroughly prepared ami
eager for a fray, were reluctant to be the
ones to start it.
The excitement Incident to the canvass
and election hud well subsided when the
State Board o( Canvassers (Democratic;,
composed of Judge Pyor, Captain illlia
and Air. Payntz. after a canvass of the
returns decided that \V. S. Taylor had re
ceived the greatest number of votes and
gave him a certificate of election. Taylor
was duly inaugurated as Governor, and
John Marshall as Lieutenant Governor.
The filing of the notices of contest caused
a renewal of the excitement, and grave
apprehension as to the outcome, on the
part of those who were familiar with the
situation and knew Lie temper of the
people concerned on both sides. Under
the constitution of the State the General
Assembly, while having ths power to es
tablish contesting boards for every other
elective offlce. never had the power or dis
cretion to do so In case of a contested
election for Governor or Lieutenant Gov
ernor, but it has always been provided for
In the organic law.
When the Legislature convened the
Democrats had a majority In both houses,
but not enough margin in joint assembly
to insure the constitutional majority
necessary to unseat the acting Governor
and seat his opponent. A number of con
tests for seats In the Assembly had al
ready been filed before Goebel filed his
notice of contest Committees In each
case had been appointed and for the pa.-;t
week or more nave been making tht-ir
reports, which were generally acted upon
by the House on the merits of each case,
though the result vas favorable to the
Democrats and foreshadowed what would
be the final action of the Joint assembly
on the report of the committee in the
Goebel-Taylor and Markh-un-Marshall
cases for Governor and Lieutenant Gov
ernor. Their action would be final. If in
favor of Goebel upon his taking the oath
of offlce he would be thf legal Governor
and Taylor would be powerless to do any
official act and not entitled to recognition
by the Legislatrue or any Judicial, civil
or military officer In the Statet
MILITIA AND GUNS
READY FOR ACTION
FRANTORT, Ky., Jan. 30.— Three hun
dred men of the Second Kentucky Infan
try were camped around the Capitol
buildings to-night, and 1500 more are ex
pected during the night and. before noon
to-morrow.
"Word was received from Louisville Le
gion that the First Kentucky Regiment
would bring with It a Oatllng frua.
The Gatllnp; gun of the Lexington com
pany was posted Just to the west of the
Capitol steps, and a tall sergeant who had
It In charge had carefully calculated the
range to a. row of small stores and dwell
ing houses south of the Capitol grounds.
For weeks it has been the story that
when an attack should be made upon
the State Government by the dlacontenttd
of either party the firing would com
mence from the upper windows of theso
houses.
The evening 1 trains did not bring 1 as large
a crowd of people as was expected. Word
had been received from Covington. Ky. .
the home of Mr. Goebel. that a large
crowd would be down, but not more than
a score of people came in, and they were
not of the class that create disturbances.
Numerous inquiries were received by
members of the Lezislature from their
constituents, asking If they were needed.
In all cases word was sent back that no
body was needed and that crowds least of
all things were needed Just now. Several
small places In the neighborhood nf
Frankfort sent- In a man or two to obtain
a general Idea of the situation and carry
the report back.
In every case th» messenger, whether
Democrat or Republican, was sent back
with the word that now was a good time
to keep out of Frankfort.
«
RECEIPT OF THE NEWS
AT THE NATIONAL CAPITAL
WASHTXOTOX. Jan. SO— The news of
the attempted assassination of Goebel in
Kentucky was received at the national
capital with dpep regrret. A grreat many
Senators feared that there would be a
bloody outcome on account of the bitter
feeling that has existed before and since
the election and which has been growins?
In Intensity daily.
In the House the news spread like wild
fire, and was for some time almost the
sole topic of discussion. The report was
received at first with incredulity and after
confirmation with amazement. The mem
bers gathered In gToups to discuss it an»l
there were everywhere expressions of hor
ror that the bitter political contest which
has waged In Kentucky had culminated
In an attempted assassination.
Smith of Kentucky says that John
Whlttaker, who has been arrested, cornea
from Governor Taylor's district in Ken
tucky. The members of the Kentucky
deleg^itlon did not care to be Interviewed
upon the political effect of the attempted
assassination pending the arrival of com
plete details.
9RSAX FRANCISCO CALL.
SINESS OFFICE of the Eaa Francisco
Cell, corner of Market end Third streets, open
oriMl 12 o'clock every right in the year.
RSA2CCH OFFICES— « 7 Montcom cry street.
rf— ter Clay; cpen until ?:20 p. m.
'CO Hayes rtreet: cpen until 9:30 p. tn.
f!9 McAllister street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
fIS Lnrk'.n etrwt; cpen until 9:33 p. tn.
33<1 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
trci Market street, corner Elxteenth; cpen
tir,:!l 9 i> tn.
:06 Eleventh street: open until * p. m.
JCSC Valencia etreet: open until * p. m.
:??2 Poik street: cpen CBtQ 9 p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky nr»>ets: op»n until J p. ra.
MEETING XOTICES.
MOUNT Morlah l>r.<!ee No. 44. F. and A. m
M.— Meeting THIS < WEDNESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at ::2« o'clock. Third <ie-TK_{r
Kree. THEO. FftOLICH. Secretary. f^*r y
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. a
Funeral Notter— Officers and member* Jf^^
are re<iueete<J to l<e present at Masonic ~_ _~
Temjle at 1 v. m. THIS DAY / *
(Wednesday), for the purpose of conducting
the funeral ceremonies of our late brother,
H C. CASTELLA. By order of the W. M..
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 129. F. and A. M. _.
-D. 3d THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN-_^V_
ING. Jmi. n. at 7:»i </< look. By <>rder~l_K
Of the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. '~^
EXCELSIOR i. ¦ :_<• No. 166, F. anl A. *
M— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _\
DAT) EVENING. January 31. at 7:30 7__?
o'clock. Third degree. /^^>
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary^
MISSION Lodge No~l697F.~and A. M.— m
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) J_,
EVENING _t 7:30 o'clock. Third de- ~_3v
_re<?. C. D. BUNKER. Sec. /V'
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. <£J__>
O F. — Members :\:'.\ fr.e-t
WEDNESDAY. January 21. at 5
1:10 p. m.. to attend the funeral ///•'«
cf our late brother, M. H. MORRIS.
W. TROTTER. N. O.
I. O. O. F. committee on arrange- v j_k_^v_ u
merits to escort remains of GUN- :^£_3KX=
HRAL LAWTON will rm-et THIS
« WEDNESDAY) EVENING in fWS"*
Eureka Hall. Odd Fellows' building, at 8
o'clock eharp. By order of
GRAND MASTER.
THE refrular ar.sual meeting cf the stockhold-
ers of the UNION TRUST COM-
PANY cf San Francisco, will be held
Bt the efflce of the company In the Union
Trust Company's bul!dtng. corner Montgom-
ery. Post and Market ets.. San FrancUeo.
C*l., on MONDAY, the fifth day of February,
I? 00. st the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose .of electing a bcart! of directors to
rerve for the following year, the amendment
cf the by-laws of the company and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting.
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL Mwtlr.f — The annual meeting of
the l"t owners 1n the Masonic Cemetery will
T>e hell at the Masonic Temple on TUESDAY
AFTERNOON. February 6. 1900. at 2 o'clock,
for the election of three trustees and such
business es may lecallv o^me before It.
GKO. J. HOHE. Secretary.
BORROW on <51amcn<3»: recrecy: private en-
trance: prtvate — n. Tncie Hwrtin. IS Grant.
ASTROL.OGV.
PROF. A. MASERY cf Egypt, greatest astrolo-
ciFt and palmist In the world: satisfaction
Et]*rj inteeii. 4C7 Oclflei Cute aye.
ATTOKXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any i»t law. Kfl Market, cor. Ftocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless suceersful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, SC7 Market et.. opp. Mason.
r. H. MERZRACH. attorney at law. has re-
Fiimert ~>ractfce at 503 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. P. CL.iilK. Emma Ppreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Vet Ft.: c-insulta»!on free: no fees in advance.
HOARD AXD ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUST. 1714 Market-Elegant
new furniture: first-class in every reypect;
table unj-urjiafFed; hot and rold v.-ater; ele-
vator- suites, with board for 2. $50 month up.
NEW family hotel: first-class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table: special inducements to
eelect people. SfC California rt., occupying
• ¦rrner opp'^ite Grace Church.
A-LA XORMAXniE. 226 E<3dy; sunny Fuites
nnil single rooms: new house, new carpete,
new furniture: rxcelk-r.t table: prices mod.
"RELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Pun-
ny Fuites; b~st board: 2. $50 up; single. $2? 50.
HYDE. r: j-'j -' (The Palisbury)— Large Sun-iy jicms
with board: en unite or single; reaj-jaable.
lIAIGHT. 232— Sunny rooms with board; terms
reasonable.
LAS PAUIAfi, :T0 Market ft.— Fuite of 2 or 3
mis.: private; !<ath: Fin. rms.; board optional.
O'FAHRELL. 741 — Clean, comfortable rooms;
rood home cooking: special rates to gents.
lIORROW r,n planes, furniture, diamonds,
patr-.tlr.ps: secrecy. Uncle Harris. IT. Grant ay.
DOAUD AXD ROOMS WASTED.
ANT amount to loan you on diamonds; low ln-
te;ryt. UNCLE HARRIS, la Grant aye.
IXOARDIX- roil CHI LPKEJf.
TO board— An infar.t or rm a!l child; $20 per
morth 110 Lexington aye.
nOOIvS XEW AXD OLD.
6CHOOL DOOKS bcueht and exchanged.
Holme* Hook Co.. 704 Mission st., near Third.
CLEARANCE SALE— GREAT REDUCTIONS.
Men's regular f\Z shoes $1 15
Children's regular fl M shoes Co els
People's £hr>e t^tore, 13-3 Stockton, nr. Br'dw'y.
BCSISESS CHAXCES.
A— $1500; CORNER crocery in very best part
of the Mission; large stock, 1 horse, wagon,
cart: 75 order cuytorr.ers; place established
yean and first-class paying. Call R. G.
WILKE. Ml Marlft st.
A — CIGAH Etore. connected with candy and ice
cream Parlors, on transfer point, close to
PotV'-l! and Post pis.; rent $W; first-class pay-
ing; iarcf Etcck; fine fixtures. R. G. WILKE.
!»06 Market Ft.
A— tCsfl; DAIRY* produce and delicacy More,
v.;ih 3 living room*; rent $12: a good-paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. VK> Market.
A— S3:.3: PARTNER wanted In cnop and coffee
houre; lively country town; j ia. •- clearing $60
Tr.r each cartner. Call It. G. WILKE. %5
__Markrl et.
>-$Sio; BAKERY near McAllister St.: estab-
lished ytars; all etore trade; large stock;
rent $_; 4 years' lease; 1H 4/arrels per day.
_ Call U. G. WILKE. 90C Market st.
fSOtrOORKEB crocery and bar: established
many years and doing a splendid business:
choicest location few blocks north of Market -
rent J4». CaW It. O. WILKE. »0S Market Bt.
A— I2OO— PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; must deliver with wagon: will clear
JT'O per month to each. Pacific Exchange, ICI6
Merket et. ¦. \ ¦
A— JIOO— CORNER ealoon; private entrance
rooms; receipts $10 to $10 per day; everything
complete. Pacific Exchange. JOJ6 Market ft.
PARTNER wanted in saloon; guaranteed $75
I-tr month; must lie Ftecdy and not afraid of
work- price fl^>; ail cash not necessary. Pa-
cific Buslntss Exchange, 1016 Market st.
¦ NOTICE
BTEXBEBO & CO.
Have Removed to
925 Market Street, —
———————— — Over Hale Bros.'
A-UX: CORNER grocery ar3 bar; best loca-
tion in the Mission; well rstablished; doing
pod business; nice clean stock; good value
fcr the money. Stenbrrg Co.. 535 Market et.
$2200— ELEGANT comer rtore and modern s-
roorn cctti.».e: rent* $3P; co*t »?.500; $l(iO0 will
take it. KREIKJ _ CO.. 22H Geary «t.
S2CO— PARTNER: transfer ani storage; $100 a
month: rare chance. Kredo — Co.. 22Vj Oeary-
JISOO— DRAYING expre.*; only one In town of
W0 population; IK.W O yearly. KREDO A CO.
11800— SALOON. 200 ft. from the Baldwin; pri-
vate entrance, rlubrooms: first -clacs In every
respect; good business. JONES. SCS Market.
f!7i— GROCERY, bar. 4 living rooms; rent $W
doing paying Lnsinefs. Jones _ Co.. 860 Mrkt.
A FINE corner naloon; rood !orstlon- a vnarT
COWI2CG_&_CO._ L 2l2o_Market st.
Cf*— PARTNER wanted; good corner saloon-
must be holiest. COWING _ CO.. 1130 Market!
BARGAIN fcr buying or Belling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal, £39* California et., room 1.
BARGAIN-Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal, CSihi California st.. room 1.
FINE ealoon near Market, doing large busi-
ness, will be told cheap: investigation sollcit-
«¦_ Pacific States Realty Co.. S2C Parrott bldg.
KOrt rent— Large basement ealoon: fine lor-ation
doTTi itown; newly fitted up: electric lights;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WJI. BEtgPatCgSOy* CO.. 614 Call bigg.
1150— /~ORNEn exloon; »>arpnln this day. Mc-
I>AUGHLIN & CO.. 77--7J Market Et.
j3f*)_CIGAR -tore: the be*t In city for the
money; club roorca. Particulars. 7» Third «t.
fcfEAT market for eale cheap; owner retiring
from mm business. Address or Inquire R.
Jl., VX Clinton Park-
D-lIXESS CHAXCES-Co-tlnoe-
, ATTENTION^ EEL_ERS?~~
Lisi ¦whatev* >r you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise It free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I sell city and country- real es-
tate and business pieces.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market gt.. opp. Fifth.
GENTLEMAN with extensive shipping connec-
tion in Bydney, N. S. XV.. would like to rep-
resent pood American house nt that port. Ad-
dress WOKUALL, care J. J. MOORE & CO..
416 California ft.. S. F.
WANT to buy or rent a road house in or near
Sonoma County; open or closed. Address L.
R.. box 1505. Call office.
! riP.ST-CLASS bakery and confectionery; good
location; doing cood business. Inquire Call
offlce.
BARBER shop for sale; cheap. Apply next to
Hoover's candy store. Fourth St.. San Itaraei.
' PLANING mill and lumber yard in this city
for sale. Box IU7. Call office.
BARBER shop for sale; good location. 796
Geary st^ _________——— ¦
! | $125— DELICACY store; no agents; cause, death.
I 4IS Slxtb *?t^ _________
I FOR rent !n Petaluma. a fine new store with
plate-glass front; suitable for dry goods, mil-
l'nery or candy: first-class business opportu-
nity; best location in town. See owner at
1553 Folpom st.. San Francisco.
aTPaIR block of stock In a most promising
mine; excellent opportunity for investors;
cause of offer, absolute and Immediate need
of cash. Box IfSO. Call.
' $150— SALOON; nicely fitted up; good business;
rent $20; leaving city. Apply 9 Howard St.;
call end s=ee me afternoons.
$IC:O— CASH corner grocery and bar; good
etock: fine location. Inquire 466 Castro Et.;
tall bet. 6 and 7 p. m.
GROCERY and bar; 4 living rooms: rent low;
pri cc reasonable. Apply 455 Clementina Bt.
$*50— RELIABLE partner wanted; a paying
cash business; no experience required. Box
SS3. Call.
$100— RESTAURANT: Fplcndid stand; sold on '
account slckneFS. 133» Park El. Alameda.
5350 COAL yard: 2 horses; 2 wagons; Includes
building: cround rent $7. 79 Third St.
FOR sale- Saloon at 16 Clay et. Particulars at
218 Eaet st.
FOR sale, in a town of 7000 Inhabitants, within
SO miles of San Francisco, and having the
best prospects of any town on the coast, a
furnishing gootfs business, carrying a stock
of JSOOO; will be cold for cost. Address box
l(OS. Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and fruit busi-
ness on main thoroughfare, centrally located
in city of Oakland; clean stock; first-class
trade; value in sight; no agents. Address
box 4«. Call office. Oakland.
$1600 ONLY for lone established bakery, candy
and ice cream parlor, on principal street:
fold on account of death of owner. V .
GROCHWELL. 25 N. El Dorado St.. Stockton.
WANTED— A restaurant outfit; will pay 25
per cent more than dealer. Apply 227 San
Carlos aye.
$1050— SALOON; O'Farrell-st. corner: safe: S
boxes, piano-room; no agents. Address box
1132. Call office.
jSOO— GROCERY and bar; NE. cor. Valley and
Dolores sts.; 5 years" lease; good business;
fine location^ .
DENTAL office; nrst-claes; central; must be
cold; terms easy. MACDOXALD. 6 Eddy St..
room 107.
FOR rent In Petaluma— An old-eetabllshed sa-
loon: b»st location in town. See owner at
1357 Folsom t.t.
SALOON In wholesale district: cause sickness.
Inquire M. BLUMENTHAL CO.. 6TS Mission.
BRANCH bakery and candy Etore at your price.
4DS Third s^
WANTED — Cheap rooming-house for cash. C.
UANSKX. ?"2 Folsom St.
NEAT restaurant, good location, for sale. Ap-
ply 207 Grant aye.. saloon.
100-ROOM house for sale cr exchange for lodg-
ing hcuse in Chicago or other business; to
agents. Dox 2L21. C_ll offlce.
OLD established wagon-making and horseshoe-
ing business: IS years present 10-atlon : cheap
account cf death of owner. 22 Cortland aye.
ROUTE of 544 papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland Pcstoffice.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 112 Sacramento st.
CLAPSIFIUD advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 220 C Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisem'-ntf. and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. ra.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ICS6 Va-
lencia et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tui-ky Fts.: op^n until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
NEW bakery or laundry wagon. 3-can milk
wagon, 2-seated pprlr.g wagon, 2 grocery or
delivery waeons. 22 Cortlam! aye.
FOR sale— Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter st.
NEW and 2d-han<l wagons. bugglrs, carts and har-
ness, wlc &¦ driving horses. Ls_b and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buirgies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAS & HON. 2117 Mission st.
IPO SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
'buggies, surreya and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET UEATIXG AXD CLEA.MXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Eend to SPAI.'LIjING'.S Plon»er Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 2C2-3." Tehama et, : tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c.
STKATTON'-. 3 Eighth Bt.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
6t.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. McQUEEN'sTcaUfornia Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson Ft.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 2*4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Cnroet-beatlni works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Removed! Remo%-ed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
1 and Clairvoyant,
Has removed her offices to her residence, 10C1
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin direasos. heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
ehe .ias made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
! If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
I partis have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
¦wonderful woran. Consultation by mall Is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence is kept Bacredly confiden-
tial.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, 10C1
Seventh avenue. East Oakland.
1 Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station, the second station from
______________________________
CLAIRVOYAXTS AXD SPIRITUALISM.
A— PROrEs'soTTMAYi ~
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK BT.
He excites the wonder and admiration nf the
most ekemical: gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; If In doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
! help you; mediums developed in from 3 to 6
months; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hour*, 9 to 8; Sundays, JO to 2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market; trance,
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; etamp for circular; sittings $1.
MME. 7.EREDA of 5 Seventh i-t. lg the original
gypsy life readfr; readings, 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer,
230 Ellis et. ; circle Bun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. MOREAC, the bent medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth et.. near Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212V4 Sixth st.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 844 Howard
»t.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advise: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'B news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pares, in wrapper, for mulling. $1 per year.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
J. FRANKEL: law and collections; real estate,
insurance. Investments, etc. Room 75, ¦ X2O
Sutter st. ¦ ¦ . ¦v . •
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. P.oom 210. _27 Market it.
COTTAGES TO LET. J ;>i
SIX-ROOM furnished cottage; large yard;
piano; $25. 109 Diamond st. -
a COTTAGES, 2 and 4 rooms each, with base-
ment and stable to each. 919 Capp St.
$10— BAY window cottage, 4 rooms; water free.
103 Collins St., near Geary.
SUNNY cottages: 4 and 6 rooms: basement,
yard, stable. 1876 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
DENTISTS.
A^-DR T. T S~lHgGlN6 : "dental parlors. 927
Market st.. over Ca.'e Zdnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from &0c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
cro%vned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 B0 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
¦without a crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fllKngs, Soc; crowns, $3 BO; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth Et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket it., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
F-ll set of teeth. $4; crowns. S3) fillings, 25c.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia: dental
work reas.: painless extraction; hours 9 to 5.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. ».
YOUNG. IS4I Pclk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore —
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 63».
DRESSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st.; dresses
made. $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem: *Ms-y payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
lng.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor _ Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, EngilHh
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new SC-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladies and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
fait water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
JOSEPH GREVEN, instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong voices from the smallest and
faultiest in short time. 1236 Market st., r. 121.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculations. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1226 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. ISC4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
A— SINGING, piano, French, Spanish: Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. C3O G. G. aye.. r. 6; hr. 2-S.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merki, success-
ful teacher, 1008 Mission; best methods, results.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof.De Fillppe's Acad-
emy of languages, S2oPost;est. lS7l;ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market et. ; life
scholarship, $50; Fend for catalogue.
LAW schools, 527 Market, S. F., and 905 Brpad-
way Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CLASSES in German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Mice M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 210 CFarrell Bt.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bust-
ness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. k City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or Etage, quickly taught:
priv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
ESIPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce.
No. 30 Geary St.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post St.. near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
he?t help. 414^ O'Fnrrell «t.: tnl. East 426.
EMPLOY3IEXT AY ANTED FEMA_E.
A— COMPETENT mother and daughter <3es!re
sltuntlonn; understand all kinds of work; city
or country. MiSS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
A— FIRST-CLASS German cook. Z\i years last
place. dPsiios pitUEtlon; Jewish family pre-
ferred. MIPS CULLEN. 325 Putter ut.
A— LADIES' desiring first-class help of all na-
tionalities tan secure same by calling on or
addressing MISS CULLEN, 525 Sutter St.,
Ihone Grar.t 120.
; A— FIRST-CLASS ccok desires situation: board-
ing house, hotel or restaurant; country; good
ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN nurse and lady's maid, can teach
kindergarten work, best of references, also
fancy tewer, wishes situation. Call for D.
S.. at J. F. CROSETT & CO.'S. 316 Sutter at
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 418 Powell, tel. Main
5332—2 competent second girls await positions.
COMPETENT German chambermaid and seam-
• strets awaits position. MRS. LAMBERT 41S
Powell «t.. tel. Main E332.
WIDOW with daughter (12) wants respectable
situation as housekeeper; any part of South-
ern California: good references. Address box
ISO 7. Call offlce.
FIRST and second ccok. German, English,
French and Hungarian style; first-class pas-
try: city and country hotel; references. 242
Natoma »t.. basement.
COMPETENT woman wants general housework
and plain cooking; not afraid of work; wages
$20 to $25 month; sleep home. 158 Fifth st. ; no
postal cards.
COOK — Experienced German lady desires posi-
tion; German and American cooking; no
washing. Address MRS. SCHMITS, 675
Twenty-second St., Oakland.
COMPETENT cook would do downstairs work
and some washing or general housework;
willing and obliging; wages $25; no postals.
Inquire at 2223 Post st. >
YOUNG girl would like situation as chamber-
maid or seamstress; hotel preferred. Box
2076, Call offlce.
COMPETENT reliable German woman wishes
housework by the day; no heavy washing; $1
per day and car fare. 114 Fourth street.
REFINED young lady, good sewer, would like
position as companion for a lady. Box 1104.
Call offlce.
YOUNG colored woman would like position as
lady's maid; is willing and neat sewer. Box
1116. Call offlce.
ALL around cook wants place in restaurant
or hotel; can take chefs place In kitchen;
good par.tr>* cook. MRS. H.. 804 Vallejo st.
FIRST-CLASS woman wants position as cook
or housework in a small family. Call for 2
days at 900 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress; work by the day or
would do cleaning or any kind of housework
in private family. J209 Lyon st.
NKAT. willing girl wishes to Jo general house-
work and plain cooking in a small family;
can give reference. Box 1413. Call offlce.
GERMAN woman wishes to do work by the
day washing, Ironing and housecleanlng. 1651
Howard Ft. "
YOUNG woman wants situation to assist in
light housework; good home; $10 to $12. Box
1501. Call offlce.
GERMAN girl desires a few more engagements
for washing. and ironing. 41S Powell st. Tel
Main £332. . ¦
GERMAN girl wishes position as cook In
American family. Call after 10 a. m., 2
Chatham place, off Bueh, below Stockton.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a position
to . do chamberwork a-nd waiting at table.
Please call at 1612 Baker St.
WOMAN wants housework by the day; refer-
ences. Address C. 11.. 811 Taylor »t •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALB.
YOUNG girl would like position to do general
housework in nice family; wages $20 to $25;
no postals. Address 434 Hickory- aye.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants wash-
ing, iror 'ng or housecleanlng by the day.
Call zm Lily aye., near Franklin st.
GERMAN woman wishes few steady places to
wash ; $1 per day and carfare; good references.
Address box A. Call branch. 300 Hayes st.
NEAT young German girl wishes situation as
nurseglrl. Call at 1340% Howard Bt.
YOUNG German girl wishes place to do light
housework. 158 Silver, bet. Third and Fourth.
YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
day or take care of sick person. 136 Hayes.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist in light
housework or mind child. 951 Mission st.
WANTED— Position as wrapper or cashier In
- store or restaurant. 1949 Fifteenth st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position of any
kind; sleep home. Address 1108 Stevenson st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes work by
the day or take work home. 6 Belmont place.
off Seventh St.. near Bryant.
GOOD dressmaker ' would like engagements by
the day at 60c and car fare.' Address box
1108. Call. __•
A YOUNG Swedish elrl wants a place In a
small family; cannot speak very much Eng-
lish, but Is a good worker; $15. Please write
to 1029 De Haro st.. city.
STRONG and competent woman wishes to work
by the day. Apply 60 Third nt.
MOTHER and daughter would like places to-
gether as cook and waitress or cook and
chambermaid; city or country. Call or ad-
dress MISS L. POWERS, ISO Second st.
A YOUNG lady wishes work by the day or to
take care of the sick. Address 957 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, wishes situation to go out by
the day. 1522 Polk St., near Sacramento.
BORROW money of the resoectable and rel'.a-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Graut aye.
REFINED girl wishes to teach children
French or German, or both, and take care of
them; references. Address DICTION, 417V4
Fifth st. -iv*r::
A YOUNG girl would like to learn hairdress-
lng and manicuring. Call S34# Harrlaon st.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class cook; good
references. 266 Tenth st.
NEAT young girl wishes a place to assist in
light housework. Call at 393 Sixth st.
STRONG healthy young woman would like
situation as wetnurse; references given. Call
at «0 Clara st.. In the rear.
SINGLE ladles wishing to Join a social club
eend address to MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 SO to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha* been established at 1086 Va-
lencla st. : ->-¦-¦
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »ts. : open until 9 p. m. '
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man. steady and sober, wants posi-
tion attending horse, garden, lawn or any
other outdoor work; is trustworthy and
very handy; speaks German and English; $20
month; references given; city or surrcund-
lnge. Box 4218. Call office.
COACHMAN, competent man. thoroughly un-
derstands his business in all branches, desires
permanent' situation. As to references and
qualifications address C. S.. 1022 Jackson- et.
ACTIVE and Industrious elderly man wants
work around a place; understands care of
horses and driving; can milk and do garden
work; reference. Box 1504. Call office.^
A GOOD and reliable man wants a dace as
cook; hotel or restaurant: first-class refer-
ences. P. PETERSON. 119 Sixth St.. care of
Jewelry store.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer and carpenter will
do work: hotel, lodging or private house. Box
2073. Call offlce.
SOBF.R young man wants work of any kind:
used to handling horses and not afraid of
hard work. Box ICSI, Call offlce.
YOUNG Japanese boy want ( s situation as offlce
boy; speaks English well. TSU.VEOKA, 1606
Jones et.
SITUATION wanted by a bright, honest boy
of 17: willing to work for small wages and
home comforta. 846 Third st.
PAPER-HANGER and painter wants houses to
paper or paint; cheap-; has tools. Addres3
box ICS2. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as assistant
bookkeeper or stenographer. Box 1105. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young single man,
age 30 years; first-class grower of roses,
carnations and chrysanthemums and good
propagator; ten years In last position;
from the East; could fill a private place;
best reference. CHAS A. BRUNGER. Bell
Conservatory Company. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED to rent or work on shares, black-
emlth or plumber shop In the country, by
competent all-around mechanic. Address A.
8., Clay-st. wharf, care of steamer General
McDowell.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and bookkeeper
wants position; has acted as secretary for
two years. Address box 1099, Call offlce.
HANDY man, carpenter, wants steady work at
anything; factory, wholesale house or ranch;
reliable. Box 1113. Call office.
EXPERIENCED hotel man. clerk, bookkeeper
or caterer desires position; moderate salary.
Box 1103. Call office. ¦
EXPERT bookkeeper; opening and closing of
books, or permanent position desired. Box
1109, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, typewriter and
general office man: Al references furnished.
Address box 284. Call office.
RESPECTABLE young colored man from the
East would like a situation as butler In a
private family. Call or address Butler, 28
Stone st., between Washington and Jackson,
below Powell. ''.v'. I .' ¦ -^~-.V--~;
MAN, understands thoroughly the wine and
liquor business, wishes position: best refer-
ences. Address box 352. Call offlce.
STEADY, sober young man wants work on a
farm: Is used to farm work: good references;
wages $25. A. P.. 939 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED man. good driver, wishes sit-
uation to care for horses; also a fair gar-
dener; handy with tools. Box 1079, Call offlce.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Position sharpening tools fcr min-
ing company or quarry, by good all-around
blacksmith. Address box 1037, Call office.
STEWARD. Just from the East: would like
position In hotel or club; has had experience
in golf, yacht and city clubs; Al references.
Box 1114. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation; care
of horses and do garden work: small wages;
city references. Address box 1123, Call.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, understands any
style ol cooklnc, wants situation In private
Apply YAMA. 923 Sacramento st.
YOUNG Japanese wants to do any kind of
' work, gardening preferred. Box 1102. Call.
WANTED —By young man who speaks and
writes English, German and Spanish, position
in store or otherwise; business experience and
best references; willing to go to Mexico. Man-
ila or elsewhere. Address 11. 8., Call offlce.
SOBER American cook wants a position as
cook at a mine or lumber mill employing
about 20 men. Box 4SS6, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements ahd
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. '
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements nnd subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.;. open till 9 p. m. <
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till 9 p. m.
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange for something valuable: San
Jose residence property. A. IC. SPERO. 2154
University nve.. Berkeley. Cal.
~~ EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician;
' German eye water by mail. SOc. 1071% Market
Bt.. San Franclfco; examination free.
FLATS TO LET^J
FLATS of 5 and 6 rooms: $12 and $14; cottage
4 rooms. JlO. Key 823 Second st.
FLAT. 4 rooms, bay window and bath. 716
Natomn St., between Eighth and Ninth; $12.
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat, 7 rooms
and bath; elegant view' of bay and city. 3Vi
Scott st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
POST. 625— Upper flat of 4 rooms and bath; $18.
, SACRAMENTO, 1385— Flat of S rooms; $12 EO. ,
PLATS TO LET.
TWO flats; 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; J
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary st.
UPPER flat; 6 rooms and bath. 18 Washing-
ton aye.. near Ninth st.
VALLEY. 310, £ r.. $3; 13H Madison aye., $10:
10 Patton. 3 r $3; Ripley place, 8 r., $10; 30
days free. A. M. SPECK A CO., 667 Market.
$10— SUNNY cottage of 3 rooms. 134 Rose aye..
between Gough and Octavla sts.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant *v.
FKKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 1843. Xjod Angelen. Cal.
FUHMTUIIE FOR SALE. •
ENAMELED Iron bedsteadsT all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs.
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway: open evenings.
TWO carpets, oak bedroom set. lounge and
wardrobe; cheap. 1523 Market, nr. Guerrero.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
V range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUKMTUUK WASTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. R.ed. 33.1 J.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
FIRST-CLASS agent (one who has acquaint-
ances among physicians preferred) to handle
patented article of merit. Address box 1038,
Call.
AGENTS In each county on coast; permanent
work and territory: article a seller. HER-
RICK. 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Solicitors; good commissions paid;
full explanations. Call 207 Exam, bldg. 2 to 4.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
60 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at the Chutes
this (Wednesday) evening at 6 o'clock.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, Coronado Beach (special) $20
10 waitresses. Southern California (special).s2o
2 chambermaids. Southern Cal. (special)... s2o
6 waitresses, city and country $20
chambermaid to watt, first-class hotel $20
fancy Ironers. $25 and $1 50 day. '; •: .
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Annie Harding, cook, please call or send ad-
dreta to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Oeary St.
8 SECOND girls, country. $20, $13; 6 cooks,
country, $20. $25; house girls, city, $25, $10. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A COOK, Palo Alto, $35; Berkeley. $25. 2 In
family; Oakland, $25: Alameda. $23, and other
towns; 20 housework girls, $25 and $20; 10
young girls to assist. $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
A MOTHER and daughter as cook and cham-
bermaid; $25; country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A NURSE, boy 4 years old, and seamstress;
must have references; $20. MISS CULLEN,
225 Sutter St.
A REFINED Irish or American nurse girl; $12;
good place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Protestant cook and laundress for
the country; see lady at 10:30 a. m. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Laundress, $25, private family; 2
waitresses, hotel, $20; chambermaid and wait-
resses, $20, city and country: restaurant cook,
$7 a week; restaurant waitresses, $6. $7 a
week: cook, across the bay, $30; 4 cooks, $25,
German style; German nurse and second girl.
$20; parlor maid and waitress, $25; a number
of girls for housework, city and country, $20,
$25; housework girl for Berkeley. J. F.
CROSETT CO.. 318 Sutter st.
HELP of all nationalities to fill various po-
sitions. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
WANTED— A neat young girl for general
housework; wages $„; apply between 9 and
12 o'clock. 314 Walnut St., between Sacra-
mento and Clay.
GERMAN girl as chambermaid for hotel in
Sacramento. See party between 9 a. m. and 1
p. m. at 545 Fourth st.
SALESLADIES wanted during the sale at A.
CAILLEAU'B, 114-116 Kearny St.
GIRL, light housework, 3 In family; must sleep
home; $7; reference. EO2 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— Willing young girl for light house-
work. 1362 Geary st.
GIRL for general housework; family of 3; $15;
call before 12 Saturday. 3JI4A Sacramento st.
LADY solicitor; big pay. Call room 505. Call
building, between 12 and 1 p. m.
APPRENTICE with some experience on cus-
tom coats; paid while learning. 214 Seventh.
GOOD cook; general housework; i in family;
reference. To-day, 9to 11^ 4 to 6, at 1406 Post.
GIRL for- general housework In foreign fam-
ily. 1527 Mason st.
SCANDINAVIAN servant girl. Call <406 Sutter
street. . '*
WANTED— A girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
GIRL wanted for housework at 117 Bartlett st.
A FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted; also an
apprentice; paid while learning. COS-
GROVE'S 1416 Polk st.
GIRL (German speaking) for housework; one
who steps home preferred. 1053 Market St.,
upstairs.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove- sts.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware: low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED — Experienced apprentice girls on
custom coats; paid while learning. 126 Russ.
WANTED— A good finisher on readymade coats
at 322 Pacific st. ; steady work.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 26% Fremont st. ; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias been established at IOtX Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fits.: open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED SIALE.
At'cTr. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 GEARY ST.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, restaurant, $S0; second cook, city,
$C 0; third cook. $40; third cook, hotel, $30;
wulter. $40
MISCELLANEOUS
10 coal miners for New Mexico, ship Febru-
Garie of teamsters and scraper holders,
Conßt road, free fare.
Blacksmith, country. $32 50; pruners, ranch
teamsters, woodchoppers and others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEAT office boy who lives with his parents
and knows the city for our offlce. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD cook for restaurant, $100, call early this
¦ morning. C. R. HANSEN _ C. I*4 Geary.
MURRAY & READY... PHONE MAIN 5343
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Hoisting engineer for a mine
painter and paperhanger, see boss here
miller for country flcur mill $60 and found
boy to drive delivery wagon $6 a week
stableman, $25 and $40 butchers
butter maker and milker.. pruners, $26 and fd
•woodchoppers, tlemakers, etc.; teamsters,
city and country
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOK and wife for mine boarding house, 12
boarders, $50 and found
waiter, country hotel, see boss here
waiters, city and country: cooks, $35 and $40.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st,
MAN to travel; one handy with carpenter
tools; see boss here. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 CTay st.
WANTED— Farmers, $25 and $26; woodchop-
pers. $1 75 and $2 75 a cord; helper and fin- !
isher on carriage work, $2 25 a day; shirt Iron-
ers. $35 and found; milker, $25; cooks, waiters
end others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. e2S Sac-
ramento st^
A MAN and wife: ranch work: must under-
stand dairy: $30; country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter sty
WANTED— Middle-aged cobbler to repair shoes
in institution near city, $20 per month, board,
room and washing: 3 miners. $2 per day; 6
ranch teamsters, $25 and $26 and board : night
cook, country restaurant near city. $25 and
room, and others. W. D. EWER, 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBEItS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
A SECOND hand on bread and cake. Apply to
11. GOVES, New England Home Bakery, 1007
Guerrero st.
TWO strong boys wanted; not afraid of work.
212 O'Farrell st. ¦¦
GET your shoes half-soled while' waiting; 25c
to 60c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
BOOTBLACK wanted; wages $3 per week. 1007
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
SO TALENTED^ amateurs. Apply at the Chutes
this (Wednesday) evening at 6 o'clock.
WANTED— A registered druggist for country
store. Address JAMESTOWN DRUG STORE.
Jamestown. Cal.
STEADY man and wife can have free rent in
exchange for housekeeping service; give ref-
erence. Address box 1106. Call.
AN experienced young man (German preferred)
for delicatessen store. Jl. 81. Flood building.
A FIRST-CLASS harness maker wanted at
Splro Harness Company. 305 Market st.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay tt.
WANTED— An experienced Al fancy goods
man by large retail house; state age. expe-
rience, salary, references. Apply box 1412,
Call office.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper on wagon and
truck work. 537 Verr.on st.
BARBER wanted Wednesday afternoon, Satur-
day and Sunday. 416 Turk st.
AGENTS— Good terms. Call afternoons at 1057H
Market st.
WANTED— Operator at ladies' tailoring that
understands hand sewing. IS Turk st.
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted. 535
Kearny st. ; rail early.
GOOD dishwasher at 128 Ninth st.
WANTED— FImt-class marker and distributor
at the Oakland Laundry Co., 690 Twenty-ninth
st. Oakland. '
WANTED— Men who can leave the city; no
goods to sell; no experience required; about $25
to $30 needed, but you retain control of it;
send this ad. Address Drawer 146. Chicago.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
CUSTOM pants maker who understands run-
ning factory; first-class and medium grades
of work; no attention to answers unless ref-
ences and former places of employment
given. Box £65. Call office.
SALESMAN wanted— Successful subscription
book salesmen will learn of rare opportunity
by addressing or calling at 927 Market at ,
room 622.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening class; special inducement
this season; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution In the
world teeching the barber and hairtresslnjc
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches — San Francisco. New York.
St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver Houee. 317 Third St.; ISO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BOY about 1« years of age for men's furnlsh-
lng store. Address box 1095. Call office.
JEWELERS wanted. Apply 328 Bush •_. third
floor, room 4.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. between Ist and !d sts.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters for
ships at HERMAN'S. 2« Steuart st. •
BARBER shop for sale cheap; living rooms in
rear. Call at 1743 Market st ¦
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfaat.
dinner or supper: best In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD _ CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 13c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at
B. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard rt.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts-: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
MORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth rt.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draught ar.d driving horses at
IC2I and 1623 Market St.. hit. Twelfth and j
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale — Cheap, brown team, 16-»: 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. aye.
18-QUART cow, cheap. 1402 Valencia st.
HOUSES— LODGING FOU SALE.
10 ROOMS; on O'Farrell st $323
10 too"-**: on Taylor St.: worth $SOO 430
S2 rooms: corner; clears $130 1600
10- room flat; clears $130 500
Corner on Market; clears $100; 104 rooms.. 4SOO
Near Call offlce; worth $2000; 29 r00m5.... 1200
Mod. house: elev. ; clears $500: 84 rooms.. 6300
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 5L
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
22 rooms; rent $75; clears $73: only $R5O
32 rooms, offices: cheaD rent 1030
66 rooms; fine corner: offices; part ca5h. ...3300
40 rooms; rent $120: good location 2000
Money to loan at 2 por cent on furniture.
$300—21 ROOMS; good location: all rented.
$423 — 22 rooms; all rented; rent $23 a month.
$830 — 2S rooms: north of Market st: low rent.
$930—40 rooms; all rented; rent $75 a month.
$1200—65 rooms; rent $100. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
13 ROOMS— Fine location: cheap $423
IS rooms— Clean and neat $900
30 rooms— Clears $150 monthly JISOO
12 rooms — Fine transient $3aO
Pacific States Realty Co., 320 Parrott bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn the.
United States cr Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. IL UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1J33. between Laguna and Bu-
chanan sts. — Elegant house of 12 rooms: bath,
servants' -com, etc. : newly renovated. For
further particulars appfy to O. H. UMBSEN
& CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
TO let— Furnished or unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable In rear; 817
Union st. Inquire A. DECOURTEUX. V£»
Merchant st.
MASON. 2319— Simny 6 rooms, bath, stationary
tubs; large lower part with four stalls; rent
. $25. or will sell cheap.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. 423 Fremont st.. near Harrison.
REED. 14— House of S rooms, bath and base-
ment; $18. Apply 1325 Washington st.
BUSH. 1224 — Sunny house of !> rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 SO.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; polite at-
tentlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOST AND FOUND.
STRAYED from 717 Cole St., Irish setter.
LOST— Sunday afternoon in transferring from
Eighth-street cars from East Oakland to the
Piedmont cars,* a Mexican hand-carved
leather purse, containing small change.
Finder please return to 1515 Franklin st.
Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EDWARD M. CARR, No. 210-078.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A bunch of keys; finder will please re-
turn to 415 Kearny, st.
BORROW en diamonds: perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
LOST— Greyhound bitch; white, with fawn
ears; reward. FRANK MORAN. 321 Davis.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at offlce. $S: safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market st., between Ma-
son and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
cialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness. 13C2 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge- cure at
offlce. $5; warranted: 15 years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office. 118 Eddy st.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles* physician
and specialist: home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at offlce $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. CDONNE_L. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023H Market st.
t>R. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
Bt; every case guaranteed; $.3 up
aCEOICA-.
WE guarantee to cure »ny female trouble for
$3; male and feir.ale physicians In attendance;
confidential consultation free. WOMEN'S
MEDICAL INSTITUTE. _3S Market. T.U7-12S.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 10" Market, ladles' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at office, $3; sefa
and reliable; consultation fre«; hours 10 to S.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 519 Eddy St.. bet. Ryde>
and Larkin; hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and : to J.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dl*.
eases of the human bogy. 115 Mason st.
MKTAp|ITSICS
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutic*, telepathy.
occultism: fre« cllr.lc Tue*. e~r KW T^nrkta.
MISKS _ AXX » MI ->V?'. < f:
CARTE its 'uold lilnT^shares ; fortune makers;
dividend payers; Quoted en Pacific Stock Ex-
change; (2 cent- per share or monthly Install-
mentk; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 2^» California St.. rooms 5-T.
-IIIMNG AND ASSAYING.
FOURTH interest In rich claim at Nome for
sale; can prospect before buytng. Box 1107.
Call office.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. M>
INTOSH _ WOL.FMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors. • showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; rew and second-
hand. J. NOONAX, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Fixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 10*3 Mission st.
FOR SALE— Schooner Prosper; 23 tons: suitable
for Alaska trad* or Cane Nome: schooner at
Mission 3. Apply immediately to H. LIEDE3
& CO.
A PRETTY pair of diamond sleeve buttons for
$16; worth $33; a nice present for your sweet-
heart. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The.
Waltz Safe Co.. 103-111 Market St.. S. F-. Cat
EDISON concert phoftograph. price reduced to
$1CO; concert records, $2 50. BACIOALUPI.
933 Market St., San Francisco.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, tollers, water pipe, shafting, pullays,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. S3O Kearny st.. nr. Plna.
LARGE meeting or show tent: «Thcs> feet; wIU
seat 1500 to $2000 people. 1549- Mission •!.
FOX-TERRIER pups, thoroughbred, nicely
marked, for sale: reasonable. 2721 Sutter •„
ANTONIO STRADIVARIUS violin at a bar-
galn. Plaza Loan Office. 702 Kearny •_
TWO Spttz pups for sale, reasonable; also 13
laying hens. 307 Third st.
STEINWAY piano and household furniture;
private sale. Box 73, Call office, Oakland.
DR. CRE_LY"S C. P. mange cure: by all _ru»-
gtsts. or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: t
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 120 Fremont.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit. $19. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathe*.
Iron &. wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Be_«.
NEW and recond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTIIAM. 1532 Market st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: 5 drawerst
oak; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. 9. White. BIS Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HSR-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
IB patres. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCKLLA.MSOtS WANTS.
GOOD second-hand piano; must be cheap; cash;
no dealers. Box 1302. Call.
BUGGY horse, for a collector: must be a bar-
gain. Address Boy. 1303 Call Office.
WANTED— Delivery wagon: second hand. H.
G. THOMPSON. 603 California st.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry; $^ per o«- for
gold in tt. 323 Bush st.. 3d floor, room 4.
MOXEY~TO~LOAJN
I AVOID delay: try all others, then se« me: $30
to $100. OCO; C per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided Interests in
estates. legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 632 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2J and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no •!•»-
lay; get my terms before doing business elsw-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain,
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 8U Market
st. ; tel. Main IW4. Branch _ Third rt.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages: confidential: advice free. G. B.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldff.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 13 Sixth;
highest price for eld gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal;" low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT _6 Kearny st.. room 9, respectable private,
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 63. Donohoe building 1 , 1170 Market st.
ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
AT IVi per cent per month, on furniture. 1393
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 433 Par-
rott bulldlnr.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner bulldln*.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
$c 0 TO $30,000; lowest rates: Ist and Id mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, US McAllister.
If your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MUSICAL ISSritI'MK.VTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced planes
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selllns new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good piano*
for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY — CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kean »y
and Sutter its.. San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and Oakland.
AbSPLUTELY the oldest and largest house
wtst of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
«. !S and 10 OFarrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms eaay; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleasa and satisfy t_»
customer.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LEh - CHA3E. 30 O'Farrell st.
TO-DAY we offer a fine Olbson for $200. Decker
_ Son for $250 and other bargains equally
good. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
DECKER — SON and Packard are the names
to remember when you look for a flrst-claM
piano. Agency MAUVAIS'. 769 Market ¦_
LVRGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos, prices reduced to insure proapt tales.
W* C. HAMILTON. 124 Post st.
CO SLIGHTLY used high and medium grad*
pianos; special discounts for cash; open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 13C Ellis »t.
A FEW more pianos will be sold this week for
storage, cheap for cash; correspondence solic-
ited
BARGAIN— An upright, elegant, old English,
antique design. $100. Room 10. Flood building.
W_ are still renting new planoa at $3 per
month. Scott-' 'tirtas Pt-oo Co.. SCO Hayes at.
_V. O. BADGEa. 412 Sacramento St.. agtnt for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis piano*.
CONOVEK. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
wareroo— ». 1818 Market st.
FINE Fischer A Steinway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary •_
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cUeap.
HORNUNO'S. 216 McAM:_t-r St.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. II
rtcAlllster st. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'TXFR. mnker. repairer. 2 Lnthnm pla«e.
. OFFICES AXD STORES— TO LET.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City c*
Paris. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant „•—
offices an<] stores. • •
LARGE store. 25 feet deep. 14 feet high; busl-
ne«s location: 2 living rooms. 151 Second st.
$20— STORE; 2 show windows and S largs room*;
adapted to any bnslneiw. AZ2 Sixth st.
_>A_*HSTKY.
ST. GERMAIN College of Palmistry. MM~.
NEERGAARD. president, readings from l to
tp. m.; by mall »_ lIS Geary v.
THE SAiN" FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JAISTJARY 31, 1900.
10a Dr. Gibbon >s Dispensary,
025 KEAB? V XT. Establish*!
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. -Debility or
disease rearing on bod rand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorenres when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
CnmrasriDtfrd. Callorwrite.
Or. J. *•- tiIBBOJi, Box 1937.5 an Fraociaco,
DIVIDB.M). .\O'lia;s.
DIVIDKXD Notice— Dividend No. 101 <60c per
t-hare) of the OCKANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market St., on and after Thurs-
day, February 1, 1900. Transfer book* will
close on Friday. January 26.' 1900. at S o'clock
P. tn. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
HEAL IiSTATE COL.MXV — For Sale
12.18 ACRES rev«l candy loam noil: 24 acres
vineyard: 5 acres choice bearing orchard:
ZUld ctrawberry plants: half an acre in small
fruits and vine*; rmall old bouoe and barn:
obundant natural rprtnjr water; an Ideal fruit
and Doultry ranch for 1 1200. • J. W. HORN.
£12 Main St., IVtaluma.
EAKTA CLARA Valley fruit, fannln* and
rtock lands; owner's eale In tracts of 5 to LOO
im; ratjr terms, or will exchange for Ban
FranOco property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and O. C. VACHELL. 20 Montcomery
•t.. between 11 a. m. and i p. m. dally.
KOOTTTILL ranch to leas* or for «ale: »lx
• mll«w fr~im - Nap*: 240 wer**: ¦ houn«, barn.
*tc. Apply to C. 6. CAPP & CO., real estate
ajs^rit*. 630 Market st.
OAKUM) UTiMTIKU FOll BALU.
AN* Introduction to you from 11. Schellhaas. th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
Leave '."I I Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. October 15, 1 — —
Week I Sun- 1599. Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. | Destination, days. | Days.
7:3") am 8:C0 am Novato, 10:40 am| 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm110:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! 6:23 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lyttcn.
Geyserville.
S:SO pm 8:00 am C'loverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 prn
730 ami I Hopland andl
( 8:00 am! fklah. f 7:35 pmf 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm «:22 pm
7-30 am 8:00 am| Sonoma 110:40 ami S:±o am
I and
6:19 pm 5:00 pm| Gltn KUen. f 8:05 pm! Irtf pm
7-30 am! S:00 ami SebastopoU (10:40 am'lo:2s am
3:30 pmi 5:00 pm| | 7:3T> pml 6:22 pm
Stages connect at >ania i;o?a iur .uaiiw "m
Springs and White Sulphur Syrinsra; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at GeyaervU!^ for Skassa
Fprinjrs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
lan.l for Duncan Springrs. Htcßtaad Springs.
Kelseyvlll*. Carlsbad Springs. tu..ia Ray. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at I'kiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. F.lue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Fprinßs. Upper Lake. Foir.o.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley 9.
Itucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, liullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendnctnu City. Kort Bras*.
Westport, T'sal, WiMits, Laytonville. rum-
mlnKs's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen'3, Dyer.
Scrtla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half ratea
Ticket office?. 6T,0 Market st.. Chronirl- bids.
11. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General llanacer. Gen. Pass. Ai?ent.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2CMICACO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Traix Leaves San Fkanuscoi
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
f YnnFtc p- tn. with Palace and Tonrist
Vw •• v car * for Kansas Citj, St. Lonia,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Hartford, Visalia, Tulare DftAn
and Bakersaeid. KOAO
SEC YOU IN Saa Francisco office. 628
•ft>KCf\ Market Street, Phone Main
way; Sacramento. 2ol J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commenclnc October 1. 1539.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •7:00, •9:30. 11:UO a. in.; *1:45.
•3:40. 5:11. «:00. 6:30 v. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesday* and Saturdays.
at '..in and 11:20 D. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:O<>. 10:00. *ll:20 a. m. ; 1:U.
•3:15. *4:43. 6:30. 9:ifi p. m.
Trains marked: <•> run to San Quentln.
.FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:r... •6:03. 7:45. *0:40 a. m.;
•12:30. M 3, •1:40. «5:15 p. m.
EXTKA TKIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at «:4<> and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— i-y. •X:00. "10:00. »11:43 a. m.;
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. *«:30 D. m.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:4.">. «:43. 7:53. 9:i5 a. ra.;
12:33. 2:35. 3:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:CS. 10:05 a, m.; 12:05. 2:13. 3:30,
6:00 C:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Caz*rlero and way statlona.
3:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way »tat!ons.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tcmalea and way sta.ti<»»«.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCSO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:CO. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:50. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa at 1:5*)
and 11:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. »:30, 11 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30.
S:UO, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO 9 AN FRANCISCBO.
WEEK DAYS— «:I«. 7:30. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 13:45.
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:ii
and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a, m.; 1:40. 3:40. 5:05.
C:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule aa above.
|tJ:ii>v ocean View, South Man i'nncbcn.. i*i:li»r
*7:OWA San Joca ami W.iy Stuti. i:* (.Netr
Aluiatlcn Wf.lrr-Hiajsouir) •!:»<•*
•VtAOA Han Jo»e, Trea Plnos. Halite Cms;
Tacillc »!ro»o. l'aso ltij>le*. .San
,«¦' l,i:i>t Cliiapo. Surf, Ijoupoc ami
Principal Way St.iti.ms M:I0r
•lOiIO* SauJoeosu.t Way Stations '«:M»
•I!i3oa San Jose *n.l Way .Station* *5:;; or
43:4 3 r Ban Mateo, ltedvooii, Monlo Park.
' --, Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San. l< *c.
Tres Finos. Santa Cruz. Svuia*.
Monterey hikl I'acitta Gr0ve...... tlO:3a&
fUsitftr Ban 3om> ami Way Stations ••;:3l»»
jtittir Pan Jose and Principal Way Stations «1I: ••">.*
*S:OUp San Jose and Principal Wa7 Stations »»:«»»4
*3:30p San Joso and Principal Way Stations *3»:S:**
•U:SOp Ban Jose ami WaySurious t*»:O«*
>11;43p San Josa ami Way Stations
A for Morning- T far Afternoon.
• Daily. t Sunday etrei>ted. 1 Sunday only.
b "Saturday only.
•AXaeadavm and Fii J:.i » « Thursday* aod 8un.!»»«.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
COAST DIVISION (j:i-i>ail<;:inae>.
(Third :itid Towrraenil Sta.)
PHYSICIANS AND SI'HGUO.Mf.
C94ST DIVISION (Narrow (iaoge).
(Foot f f M:>r!cct SSrcnt.)
TI'RK. 545— Nice sunny furnished room; grate,
gas and bath: ?8; private family:
MISSION. 1119— Housekeeping rooms; front, $10;
side, %t monthly.
A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $3 75; our
specialty In remnants rJlows us to sell
clearer than ready made. L. LEMOS.
1117 Market «t.. bet. "th and Bth, prep. One-
price Tailor.ng Co.; IZi Kearny. near fiacto;
aleo 1644 Market st.. under Et. Nicholas.
THERE Is being organized at Heald's Business
College Night School a »tenoßTaphle Speed
Club for stenographers and others who wifh
to increase tht-lr Kpeed in shorthand.
A GOOD speaking knowledge of the Spanish
language can be acquired in a few weeks by
the conversational method at He«ld'« Busi-
ness College Xlirht School; terms reasonable.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experleno*. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie ft.
LEADING theatrical and masqnerad* oos-
tumers; make-up and wig*: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN &. CO.. 72J Market st.
BELLE— OUDRT"
IS NOT A LADT.
PKKSO\ALS.
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-ytar-olda;
handicap.
667 Cor.stellator ....100 705 Bathos I<U
639 Mission 80 («95)Diomed 110
705 Anjou 11« (706) F. W. 8r0de....121
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Wyoming, Revanna. Rosalbra.
Second race — Boundlee; Ella Boland. Asian.
Third race— St. Cuthbert, Horton, Tiburon.
Fourth race— Dr. Nembula, Ollnthus, Red
Pirate.
Fifth race — Potente. Catastrophe, Malay.
Sixth race— F. W. Erode. Conatellator. Anlcra.
PARALYSIS ;
ALL KEP.VOUB DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
BCROFULA. ECZEMA; SKIN DISLASEB,
CONSUMPTION ;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES,
Cured where all other have failed.
NO DRUG 6! NO KNIFE.
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation fre«.
DR. L. J. ETRATTON, 607. 60S and 5C9, Tar-
rott buildics. (Over the Emporium.)
ZJISTOS. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street.
FORECLOSURE 6ALE.
PRICE REDUCED.
MUST BE SOLD— MAKE OFFER.
Rests US per month; 3 elegant modern flats of
6. * and 7 rooms and bath; all modern
improvements; lot 26x130; near Seven-
teenth and Market sts.
OPPOSITE PROPOSED PARK PANHANDLE.
, PAYS t PER CENT.
112.500— Rents l? 68; Oak st.. near Octarla; I new
modern flats of € and 7 rooms an-i bath
and 2 flats rear street ; lot 27 :6x120.
PATS 9* PER CENT.
SSOOO— Rents 5578: 2 flats, 7 rooma and bath;
north tide Fell «., near W«beter; lot 2ox
~.Z~ i feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
PATP 12** PER CENT.
Jl3. ooo— Rents $1625: tfteiner St.. near EIIIf; let
6ox»0; « mcredn flats, t and 7 rooms and
bath.
PATS 11 PER CENT.
$10.500— Rents $1125; Eddy tt.. near Buchanan; 3
eiejrant modern fiats, * and 8 rooms and
bath; lot 18:11x120.
PATS 11 PER CENT.
$4750— Rents y.in; 2 modern corner flats of E
rooms and bath; on Steiner Et; lot 25x51:3.
PATS 13 PER CENT.
§1000— Rents $122: near Mason and Pacific sts.;
lot 20x60; 2 frontages; cottage each street.
SOUTH OF MARKET FLATS.
PAYS 15 PER CENT.
fTWO— Every flat rented; lot 40x75; 2 store* and
19 flats; near Third and Bryant sts.
PAIB « PER CENT.
tSSCO— Rents t^f.4; « flat?. 4 and 7 rooms; in good
condition; lot RmTo; near Sixth and Fol-
eom eU.
PATS 17 PER CENT.
f2EOO — Rents $438 per annum: l'-j blocks from
Third end Market; on Natoma ft. ; lot 30x
78; ground alone worth the money.
WE.STERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
17500— Largp. elegant modern residence; 11 rooms
and bath; attic, basement, Ftable; on
Pine «.. near Pierce, tunny side of street;
large lot, 42:4x157:6; $"---¦ bank mortgage
can yeiuflln
tIOG — A HOME FOR — $100.
Uoo— Move Jn, and balance same as rent: new,
N. . :.: modern house cf 5 rooms and bath;
porcelain tubs, tile mantels, open nickel-
pi U« unitary plumbing, etc; 1 block from
cal *
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
€2S Market street.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
«73« 7 37 M m ketßt -° PP - Keanly -
Ftores aad offices; near White House; 2
Irontages; rents JS2S net.
$104,000.
Ellls-et. corner; €0x127; stores and TO rooms;
will pay 7 per cent net.
$55,000.
Near Ftockton and O'Farrell; S6-foot front;
4-ftory brick: stores and 36 rooms above.
$17,500.
Near Eddy and Jones; Ftore and 28 rooms
fcbove; modern: rays 7 per cent net.
$24,000.
Flxth at.; 75 feet fmnt: 4 etores; rents $200.
$22.6^0.
Tfclrd rt.: about 225 ft. from Market; store
end lodging-house above.
$21,000.
Mission rt., near Third; lot 40x82; best bar-
grain on Mission Ft. to-day.
$7dO.
«.fine flats: rent $I*6o yearly; downtown; k>t
6C ft. frontage.
16000.
Port et. : 2 rood flat«: rents $40; lot 17x110 ft.
$5500.
Lot 100x100 feet, and cory modern residence;
fine etabie; warm belt of the Mission.
A. M. SPECK ft CO., 067 Market st.
|;£OO— BARGAIN; large IH-story. high stoop,
bay-window cottage: vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate glass double doors: handsomely
paneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding rtair-
case and 6H-foot newel post: parlor 14x17,
wainscoted dining room 12x14; sitting room
t-. x'.i: wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13;
ceilings 12 feet high; ventilators; plaster cor-
nices; pantry, class closet, etc.; 2 bedrooms
and bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all, with double-door entranea under bay;
let Kxl2o. with a rustic stable 10x20 at end;
magnificent view; all for 11900: no agents. J.
W NEWTON, IE*O 12th aye.. near X St., Bun-
set glstrtct. I blocks from Golden Gate Park.
JICCO— WILL absolutely sacrifice my new bay-
window cottage; 6 large rooms, reception hall,
coved ceilings, tlllfur. china and other clos-
ets: all known lmprovemants and conveni-
ences; built positively by day a work for my
borne, but circumstances compel an Immediate
•ale; small first payment ar.d $10 monthly;
title perfect; not a dollar mortgage or incum-
brance; convenient to 23th and Mission ets
Apply P. A. I HDL AN. 632 Market et.. or
owner. .1233 Con.lan3 aye.
CHE A PTS6T «n<! h**t In Am^Hea— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, nent to any address in th«
United Rtat»» or Canada, on* year for fL
post&cv paid. *
McAVOY «fc CO..
FCNERAL DIRECTORB A EMBALMERS
1235 Market st. between'Sth and 9th.
Telephone South 247. .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as 'follows:
Oscar V. Johansson. 24, 1006 Market street,
and Marie G. Carlsson, 24. 1006 Market street.
Rosers F. Gardner, Jl. Presidio, and Har-
riet li Smith, 22. 62fl Van N«ss avenue.' '
George W. Tlnney, 34, Auburn, and Mary E.
Brady. 34, city.
Frederick W. Redhouse, 25. 418 Powell street.
MODEHN flats-KROO: containing 5 and 8 rooms
each; highly decorated and finished with
all modt-rn convenience*; C 26 Waller St.. on«
hlork from Kalirht and I'lcrce; easy terms.
F. NELSON, builder.
{&OG— TWO havp-n. 4 lots, barn, granary, exist
rrl'l and oth*r busings paying large for In-
rv«"tnwnt: this in a prwjxrous country town
near the city end i* a bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN A CO.. 777H Market et.
KOIt eale. ch'^ap — New 2-story houses, 7 rooms:
latf»st Improvements; Nc» and Hill sts.; pear
CuMrn-rt. cars; patent rldewnlk.
A WEEK'S new* for S cents. The Weekly Call,
parr*, in wrapper, for mailing, H per year.
FIFTEENTH. 1550. bet. Mission and Howard—
Nicely furnished front room; private; Jo.
FOLSOM. 965, comer 81xth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or single; new mgt.
ELEGANT sunny room In exchange for the
coaching of 2 children with their school les-
fone. Box 1142. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
VQa,^. For Alaskan ports. 10 a.
ls*JB3felv m " an - 26> 31. Ffb o.
|&LPf£L3T*^. Change to company's steam-
AsacSvtn " s at Spa "le.
Brak^SßS Xra3 For Victoria. Vancouver
fjaglCSsffal (B - C) - Port Townsend.
Soattli*. Taeoma. Everett.
Anacort-s and New What-
¦• com (Wash.), 10 a. m.. Jan.
26. 31, Feb 5 and every Hfth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Taeoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Jan.
29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m., Jan. 27, JL Feb. 4, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Jan. 29. Feb. 2, and every fourth day there-
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10. a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to changs
steamers, salting dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Asrts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
REAL 3STATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
AT 62 • Second — nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms: Jl 50 to {2 50 a week.
DR C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
loan Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; Dollte at-
tention UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
VAN NESS. 402—3 well 'furnished connecting
tunny rooms; (stationary tubs; yard.
VALENiTA. 1232— Tw0 nice sunny rooms; light
housekeeping; furnished; no children.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLTCHROME paper, rich In tone, easy to
work; low price; sample dozen 4x5 and devel-
oper mailed 25c. Cal. Camera Co.. « Geary.
STAMMERING corrected: booLl.-t. J. "WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. ISIS Llnaen. Oakland.
THIRD. 413 — Single front room, front and back
parlor': also housekeeping rooms with kitchen;
modern; sun all day; newly rum.; reasonable.
•WANTED— OId gold for manuTg. O. NOLTE,
Jeweler. !4& O'T -Tfll. bet. Powell ana Mason.
HIKSCTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or bo pay; bock for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
TATLOU, 911— UnfurnlBhed double parlors;
r.lar.o: gas; range; Jl5; also large bay-win-
dow rexm: closet; water; kitchen adjoining;
cas ranee; Jl3.
SOUTH PARK. IS4— Two sunny front rooms;
convenient for housekeeping.
LSEST rrice for cast-off clothing and brle-a-
brsc. H. MARKS. 2CJ Third St.; send postal.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac tools,
carpet*. old cold: send for him. 606 Kearny.
MARKET, 10TS— Two roomß. partly furnished
for housekeeping. »6; single rooms J3.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third «t.. near Market; 100 rooms;
16c to Jl 50 r-er night; Jl M to $6 ptr week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— Newly fur-
n!fhed bedroom and kitchen; 111; with a
etove.
HOWARD 1324— Large front room and kitchen,
furnished complete for housekeeping^
HARRISON. 731— Front, back parlor; furnished
complete for housekeeping: large yard: 118.
HARUISOX. 676-Three nice sunny rooms for
liouseki'pptr.g. : .- : . ;
IF vcu wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on C COHEN. 157 Third st.
FIGER'S sweepers are • i best and cheapest.
All kinds repaired end for sale at 342 Butter.
FRANKLIN 21— Newport House; housekeeping
rooms; also single; every convenience.
Chinese Restrained.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MARYSVILLE. Jan. 29.— Because of the
recent troubles In the highbinder quarters
Mayor Brooks has refused the Chinese
the same freedom In New Year festivi
ties as was theirs in past years. The ex
ploding of fireworks Is limited to two
hours on Tuesday and four hours on
Wednesday. Extra officers are on duty
at the expense of the Chinese. It is the
general Impression here that the Hop
Sing— Suey Sinrg feud will break out
afresh after the New Tear celebration la
over.
FIFTH. S4S— Buite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap^
FOLSOM 834— Sunny front room and kitchen;
sink; closets; bath; modern house; private;
JI H a week.
ELLIS 63*. cor. Larkln— Sunny : furnished: bay
window: mantel; double folding-bed; Wels-
hmen litht.
CHESTNUT. 2SS — Furnished housekeeping
rooms r.- lth bath.
ROOMS FOR MOUSBKJrSEPIMG.
BUSH, 633— Two or three furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas stove. .•;.-....*
SOFALA HAD
HER REVENGE
ON DUNFREE
Schreiber's Filly Earns Another
Pair of Brackets— Long
Shots First at Oakland,
Barney Schreiber'i fast filly Sofala
turned the tables on Dunfree In the two
year-old dash at Oakland track yester
day. When the pair met on Thursday of
last week Thorpe astride Dunfree. beat
the barrier, which advantage gained at
the commencement enabled him to win
by a narrow margin. Yesterday, ruling a
7 to 10 favorite, Bullman rushed Schreib
er's young miss to the front . and she
downed the Burns & Waterhouse young
ster with consummate ease, scoring her
fifth victory.
It was "outsiders' day," Gotobed and
Sofala being the only successful favorites.
Antler, at odds of 40 to 1, was the star
long-shot performer. • ,'
A bunch of about six finished heads and
necks apart on the wire In the opening
five and a half furlong scramble. Antler,
a 40 to 1 shot, gained the verdict, with a
dead heat for place between My Dear and
Hunch. Lew Zara went to the post favor
ite, showed speed but tired the last one
hundred yards.
J. F. Fogg's bay horse, Gotobed, fell
in with easy game in the mile and a six
tor-nth run, decided under selling condi
tions. The ring held him a 1 to 2 chance,
and with Jenkins in the saddle won very
cleverly from Glengaber, the third choice.
None Such, a 150 to 1 shot, ran third.
With Satsuma pounds below his real
form the smart ones picked Tempo to win
the mile and three furlong run. Before
half the route had been traversed Henry
on Snips showed first and the Fellow
charm mare held her advantage to the
wire, beating. Tempo out over a length.
Satsuma was third, downed a head for
place honors. The winner ran within a
quarter of a second of the coast record.
"Honest" Dodd's colt, L. B. McWhirter,
furnfshed the surprise In the seven-fur
long event for three-year-olds. A 12 to-1
Bhot, with Vlttitce up, he. came from the
rear, getting up just in time to nip San
Tomas, the favorite, a head on the post.
Saul .of Tarsus took third money from the
evenly ridden Silver Bullion.
No doubt the warmest thing of the
afternoon was Regelong, from Fred Fos
ter's'stable. The half-brother to Sullrosa
went to the post a 7 to 5 favorite for the
closing five and a. half furlong scramble,
played down from 4. After a long delay
he became very fractious, falling to finish
among the first three. Matt Hogan. a
6 to 1 shot, outgamed J. V. Hays, win
ning by a neck.
Track Notes.
Paplnta, with her latest English trap
and handsome bays. Is almost a dally
spectator of the racing at Oakland. The
peerless queen of mirror dancing:, who Is
now filling an engagement at the Or
pheum Theater, Is a great admirer of the
thoroughbred, never missing an oppor
tunity of witnessing the sport. With a
small fortune invested In fashionable
turnouts as well as being the owner of a
ranch In this State the charming little
woman terms California home.
Jockey Logue, when he landed Antler
first, left the maiden class of riders. He
is in the employ of Atkins & Lottridge.
There was no sense or reason in keeping
the horses at the post in the last race so
long. Because Isaline was bet on and
happens to be a bad actor is no reason
for the chances of every other starter be
ing killed off waiting for her.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
6SI Yaruba 117 6&2 Wyoming 117
6K9 Tirade 12S 670 D'ke of York 11. 125
665 Faversham 120 675 High Hoe 115
673 Whitcomb 117 i 675 Amasa 117
(672)Revanna 1281 663 C. H. Harrison. .ll7
660 Rosalbra 120! 605 Rio Chlco 117
Second race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; purse.
105 Pldalla W «91 Asian 1M
657 Baundle* 104| 700 St. Isldor 108
678 St. Anthony 101! 634 Ella Roland 99
Third .race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
573 Dogtown 106 656 Lady Britannic. lol
674 Horton 107 690 Alarla 9S
660 Socialist 107 i 691 Tiburon 104
672 Pompino ...100; 702 Sister Alice 105
6f>2 Mary Klnsella...lol 563 Jennie Reid 102
673 Montallade 103! 689 St. Cuthbert 107
Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward: purse.
707 Tom Cromwell. .lo» 703 Grand Sachem. .lo6
552 Judge Wofford..lol 703 Rod Pirate 104
651 San Venado 109 544 Ringmaster 108
697 Dr. Nembula.... 97 661 Ollnthus 94
Fifth race — One mile and an eighth; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
669 Catastrophe 104 1 614 Malay 104
(690) Perseus 96 1 679 Formero 105
679 Potente 103 1
and Marruerlte Boucher, », 823 OTarrell
street.
Thomas Houlihan, 31, 4 Simpson plafie. and
Llzsie McKay, 22, 4 Simpson place.
Denis Crowley. 26. 141 Welsh street, and The-
resa M. Reid. Zl, 3222 Eighteenth street.
Henry Munster. 41. 158 Hawthorne street, and
Helene Hoist. 27. 4153 Twentieth street.
Lesser Davis. 8«. 132 Rubs street, and Au-
gusta Davis, 35, 132 Russ street.
MILLER— In San Rafa«l, January 2», 1900,
Mrs. Sarah Miller, mother of Mrs. J. O. B.
Short and Mrs. Margaret O'Toole of Gllroy,
a native of County Wexford. Ireland, aged
S3 years and 10 months. ¦
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend .the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from the residence of J. O. B.
Shott, E. street, thence to St.. Raphael's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
MORRIS— In this city. January 29. 1900. Martin
Henry, dearly beloved husband of Alice h.
Morris, father of Maude Ethel Morris, and
brother of John W. Morris, a native of Beni-
cia. Cal., aged 32 years 9 months and 25 days.
(Benicla, Cal., papers please copy.)
|C7FYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of California Lodge No. 1,
I O O. F. -Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the funeTal parlors of Bunker &
Lunt. 2666 Mission street. Mission Masonic
MOW— lti the City and County Hospital. Janu-
ary SO, 1900, Wong Chung Mow, a native of
China, aged 60 years.
MAHONY —In Oakland. January 28. 1900.
Thomas Mahony. beloved father of Mrs.
Laura J. Bassett and Louise H., Emma E.
and George T. Mahony, a native of Ireland,
aged 73 years 2 months and 9 days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at U o'clock, at St.
John' 8 Episcopal Church, corner Eighth and
Grove streets, Oakland. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
NOEL— In this city. January 29, 1900, Eliza-
beth, wife of Lewis Noel, and mother of Mrs.
Fannlfe Hughes and Lewis, Samuel, Marcel-
la and Nellie Noel, a native of County Kil-
dare, Ireland, aged 67 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-moVow
(Thursday), from her late residence. 647 First
street, thence to St. Brendan's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NEWELL— In this city. January 29. 1900, Mar-
garet, dearly beloved mother of Daniel J.
and Sablna Newell and Mrs. J. J. Maline. a
native of County Galway. Ireland.
[cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 731 Valencia street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, Sixteenth and Dolores, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock, thence by electric funeral car from
Sixteenth and Guerrero streets. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In thU city, January 29, 1900, Mrs.
Margaret O'Brien, beloved mother of Katie
O'Brien, and aunt of Mrs. Thomas Devlne,
Mrs Cornelius Coakley and David and Nel-
lie Quirk, a native of Castlelyona, County
Cork. ¦ Ireland, aged 70 years.
[CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, fromvher late
residence. 112% Morris avenue, thence to St.
Rose's Church, whera a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. :.
OLSSON— In this city, January 28. 1900. Clara,
beloved daughter of John H. and Mary A.
Olsson. and sister of Mary. Charlie and Harry
' Olsson, a native of Philadelphia, Pa,, aged 16
years and 11 months.
irj" Friends and acquaintances are jespect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, corner of Fremont and Harri-
son streets, where a requiem' high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage.
O'CONNOR— In this city, January 30. 1900,
Maggie J., beloved daughter of William and
Catherine O'Connor, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged 13 years 11 months and 17 days.
REGAN— In this city, January 30. 1900, Jere-
miah H., beloved husband of M. A. Regan,
and father of Agnes. Clarence. Walter and
Alice Resan. a native of New Tork.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 235 Langton street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for tha repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
RADANOVICH— In this city. January 30. 1900.
John Radanovich, a native of Boche dl Cat-
taro, Mokrlne, Austria, aged 26 years. A
member of Magnolia Lodge No. 29, I. O. O.
F., and Servian-Montenegrin Literary and
Benevolent Society.
{CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, Seventh and Market streets, under the
auspices of Magnolia Lodge No. 29, I. O. O.
F. Interment Jackson, Amador County, Cal.
Remains at the parlors of the California
Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street, near
Post.
SPITTAL— In the City and County Hospital.
January 29, 1&00. William Spittal, a native of
New York, aged 22 years.
SNYDJER— In this city, January 28, 1900,
Charles Snyder, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged £1 years. .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment National Cemetery.
WISSEL— In South San Francisco, January 30,
1900, August J., dearly beloved husband of
Maggie Wissel, beloved father of Emily. Ltl-
lle, Katie, Rosie, Georgie and Gussie Wlssel,
and son of Henry and Caroline Wlsael, a na-
tive of Edwardsville, 111., aged 40 years 1
month and 5 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 16159 Twelfth avenue south, between
Rallrcad avenue and N street south. South
San Francisco. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
THE monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association and for parents and
relatives of living members will be sung in
St. Domlnic'B Church to-morrow (Thursday),
at 9 o'clock. .. ; .: :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, -WEDNESDAY, JAISTCTARY 31, 1900.
MDTHER3I ftlll'H: (O3lr*Xl.
(rAciric svs-.-km->
TralsM IfMir nml nr« «ln«> !• r.rrl** ••
s*> mAHCKMK*.
(3lain Line. Foot of Unrkct Street.)
CLAS'aiP'IKD advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmora st.
lsave — Wtxtu Dkcxuszb li 1329. — Annnrt
•T:OOa Benic!», Soisun, Elmira. VicaTiUe.
Rnicsoy f.nd .NicrTi:t7:to •7:1.1 1»
•7:OOa Shut* Express- Datis. Wi'lows.
Red BluflC Pcrtla^d "TMSr
•7:30 a Martinez, Hsu 1: ua.m, VV.: >jo. Xapa,
C*U3tcgaar.cl.Sai:U T.osa 'OjlSf
•«:3O» The Ov-Ttirnl LI ri-*<l— Ogdnn. Den.
fer. Omaha, Cliicaco *3<l3y
•S:2»* jjan Jos<>, LiTciacore. Stockton,
lone, Saerameuttt. Placertille,
M»rj»»!il.\ riiif >. Ke.l Bind MilSr
•"»«3»» •MiiK>n.«>ak<l:iii:an I Sonora MitS*
•0:00 \ Hijyvran:s. KZttaaM *Vay Stations. '11:13 a
•»s«»a Da»!i, Wcoulard. Knight* Landing.
MarjJTille, Oro?iil<\ •T:l3f
•0:00* AUa-.r: ¦ Vlxprcsa-Osiieu and East '»:43*
•950©\\Martiue*, Tncy. I.»ti;rop, fatociton.
Mcrc-daad b'rsfton *!3slSy
•BiO«* Port Costa, t'r*SDO. MoJaTo aw! Los
Amnsm! -OilSf
•in:Ot>\ Vail, jo, Martinez and Way Stations »ti: ISr
•1 l:OOv Ilartrarls. Nilcs ar<l Way Stations. *2313»>
•1S:««V Nilts, Livj-rmorc. StocWton. Sam-
ssento, M^ndota, Uauford, Viaalia,
PciteiTiUo MHIf
tl:oorB.icr.inienfo ICfmStmnMia fS:O©»
•3:OOp Hirwards. NUcs ami Way Btations. •3«13»
•4:oar Marline*. San Jt.iinou. Vallejn.
Nap*. <•»!;»•<>.;•». Saiita Uosa »!»tis»
••ttOOr Benlcia, Vac&Tille. Harriuuenlo.
Woodland. ICuijlits Landing,
Marys¥ilt<\ Oro»li:<> •l«s4H*
Mt»O*Ntles,Han.?osoauafcto<kton «7>ia»
•3:O9rTba Owl I.lsiitcd-Tracy. Fresno.
BatcrsQelii. Har.jiia fur Santa Bar-
bara, Ia s Angelcsi Ml»t43*.
«5:00p Sussct Licited-El Ptso, Nerr O>
- . l^ar.ssn'l t.rt ein:l.l*
•3s»<»r Stockton. Mi rce<l. Fresno M2il3»
*.t:3*r Vrr-siio. Uakeraliel.l. ManU r.nr'.ir*.
I.os Angeles. Drmicg. El Paso,
New Orleans ami East »«i4S4
•si3op H.ti.t.i K<> X.mi — At ?,,!:,; Express
fof Molam im.l tni •WJt
•OiOOp naTiraTifa, NilcaandSan Jose •7s-t.'»»
tOtttOi' Vallejo # 12tltp
•os3«p Oriental Mail-Ogden and East *H:sop
17:0 Or Vallojo. Foit Costa and Way nu-
tlons _ :»:53r
•StttSr OrcKOii and California I m ¦>• -.--i. Vu-
* . ¦¦¦ , mi.it'iit.'. Murjr.Tilk-. RoMlug;
povthnxf, I'M..-! So \ ii..l (M •Atl.'lA
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at IMS Polk st.: open til! 9 p. m. •
•»zi- \ Jfnrarlr.Crntfri iile,.San.!o*e, tVlhin,
' . Ucii'dcrCreek.SantaCruzaiul Way
. Statioas •3irt«#
t2: l ."»*• Newark. CenterTtlltr, .San Jose, New
Almatlen, Felton, lloulJer Umk.
Santa Ciuz aod I'riaclpal V.aj
Btatious t !•:••»•»•
MtlSr Netrari. San JO3O. Los Gatos. M»:«Oa
tllil.tr Hunters' Excnrsiso. tiac Jose and
WayataMors {TigOT
KOOMS TO LET Porn, and Unfnrn.
X^¥m?N¥vOClC~HoFsE. Hg Sixth— Rooms
I6c to $1 per night: SI 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern tervlce; elevator;
bath: rooms 60c to tl 68 day. MRS. J. KINO.
r .-CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From Si» miJCISCO— foot at Miriut Jirft ;:":i *) —
•7:15 !M» 11:0OA. H. tI:CS '2:03 13:C3
•i:C3 15:03 •6:COr.». •
rr«aioAlU!O— root ef Croud ••.«». — "CO 8:00 !o:o3*.tf.
112:53 # l:03 t2:C3 «3:C3 M-Zi -3:C3r.M.
BIRCH AYE., 22. near City Hall— Nice sunny
furnished front room for gentleman.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
pelr.tlngs; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. January 30.
Stmr Senator. Patterson, 27 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 20 days, via Kobe IS days.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT " TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 30— Schr
Endeavor, from San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Jan 26— Br ship Ardna
murchan. for Santa Rosalia.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Jan SO— Br ship
Kensington, for San Francisco.
HARWlCK— Arrived Jan 2S— Br ship Cypro
mene, hence Aux 16.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Jan JO-Schr Olga.
from Eureka; Br stmr Aorangi, from Van
couver.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jan 30— Br
stmr Belgian King, from San Diego.
CALCUTTA— SaiIed Jan 2»— Br ship Wendur.
for Oregon.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Newport,
for Panama.
OCEAN STEAMERS. .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 30 — Stmr
Oceanic, from New York for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Victo
ria, from New York for Genoa.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Jan 30— Str Lahn.
from Ne-w York for Bremen.
BTD.NEt, NSW— Arrived Jan 30— Str Aoran
gi, from Vancouver.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New York for Hamburg.
• Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Waldersee, from Ham
burg for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan JO— Stmr Maas
dam. from Rotterdam.
Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Rotterdam, for Rotter
dam; stmr Aller. for Bremen, via Southampton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlehed rms,. EUites. single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 12M Market, cor. Golden Qat«
•ye.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle: ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: II 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, S29— Clean, respectable; 25c-ll per
night; Jl-J3 per week; Howard cars to door.
JESSIE, S7J, near Emporium — Two furnished
frfint rooms in private family; X and $6.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. 51 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL.. JO— Suany furnished rooms and
cfSces; ':*.•••¦">;•• rl»ctric lights: day. wk.. mo.
POLK, l r 'l2— Sunny alcove room, $9; pleasant
room. t".
ROSEDALE. «1 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
2Se a night: SI a week: transient.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st— lncandescent light.
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lcr; rooms, per night, SSc to Jl 60; week, 12 to
%'; me nth. IS to $30; elevator on of flea floor;
rooms with hct and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and -unfurnished.
TCHAMA. 69— Furnished rooms to let; by the
week or month.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TI'RK. 127— Nice sunny furnished rooms, {6 to
$*: also a front room: quiet house.
TI'RK. 142S — Elegant lar*e front room; sun all
day: large closet: gent only.
WEBSTER, 1560— Elegant sunny alcove; every
home comfort; strictly prlv. fam.; reasonable.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From £p*ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE Sl2 F |rst c '°ss Including Berth
I MliC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 2S; Feb. 7, 17, Zl
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.... Feb. 2, 12, 23
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from.J3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mada;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montromery *t.. room* *-10: tel. 6550.
fcEWIXG MACHINES AND SUITLII3S.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency.l4s 6th: phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth Bt.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and M<rtrlng Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 571 J.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOBS. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PABI3.
"Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Jan. 31 St. Louis Feb. 21
St Paul Feb. 7 Friesland Feb. 2S
New York Feb. 14 New York March 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York, aod Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 1J noon.
Southwark ..Jan. 31 Noordland Feb. 21
Westernland ...Feb. 7 Friesland Feb. 2S
Kensington Feb. 14 Southwark ....March. 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES.
A HOME — Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DENKE Sr..
1400 Webster st.. Alameda. I *»'>«JB
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Htogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Bailing.
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 31
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
hi:hki:i.i:v real estate.
NEW cottage Of € large rooms, bath, pantry,
hot and cold water;- also good well-water;
high basement; brick foundation; large lot;
nr.-rt sewered and macadamized; one block
from railroad station; two electric car lines;
close to schools and churches; price $1600, SlOO
cash, balance Jli per month. Take Berkeley
train, get off at Lorin. ask for RUDOLPH &
PERKINS; office open Sundays.
TWO new cottages of 6 rooms, pantry and bath
in each; large lot; street work all done; close
to school and churches.
Price 11400 each, $100 cash, balance {15 per
month.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln, ask
for RUDOLPH St PERKINS; office open Sun-
days. . '. r>r4s».]£*'3SM<
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
@59HM8f The s - s - Australia
JVaA'Siai " ails { °r H-molulu
•t ¦«¦¦•*» Wednesday, Feb. 7.
X ™"; 13C0. at i p. m.
Ci^rv\ The s - s - Alameda
/SfPnlflSnilH' ialls vla Honolulu and
CXCCIIOH^ Auc ki an d for Sydney
*.->— -v» i ¦••¦'•« it 3 p. m.
Favorite ltn» around the world via Hawaii
Ean-oa N«w Zealand. Australia, India, Suea.
England, etc.: »«10 first class.
1 D. SPKECKELS & BKOS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomtr)
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market Si
OFFICE— 9OS' BROADWAY
COMPAQNIE 6ENERALE TRANSATLAHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _ -ft-rsw
Salllng every Thursday instead of <5253
Saturday, from November 2. 1899. at ~3*«»«E»
10 a m- from Vler 42, North River, f.^oi of
Morton' St.: LA NORMANDIE. Feb. 1; LA
BRETAGNE. Feb. 8; L'AQUITAINE. Feb. 15;
LA GASCOGN'E. Feb. 22. First-class to Havre.
itiO and upward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trlD Second class to Havre. $45; 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson bulldlnjr). New York. J.
F FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, a
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
OAKUM) REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale In Oakland— night-room residence,
modernized and complete In every detail: lot
50x109: Alice St., near 13th; b»st residence
neighborhood in Oakland: 3 minutes from
Narrow Gauge depot: attractive price; month-
ly payments if desired. . - .¦ i
HERON' & HOLCOMB,
10W) Broadway, Oakland.
77-78 Crocker building. San Francisco.
PAYINO grocery store; doing a fine business;
trrain and coal: go«vl reason for selling. E. E.
BUNCE. m Broadway. Oakland^
LOT In San Francisco trade for carpenter
work. E. EC. BUNCE, tt)B' Broadway. Oakland.
OAituxi) Fi'RMgiiEn nooais.
FRANKLIN. 1427— Sunny rooms; newly fur-
nished; n**r to narrow gauge.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
Steamer "Monticello."
MOX.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Bat. at »:41
a m. ; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. lex. Thura. night); Fri-
days, 1 P- m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p in. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
PARE • • 60c
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900,
by H. H. Egbert
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Tuesday. January 30, 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast
7OC. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; maidens; 3-year-olds and up:purse, $300.
Tlme-3-16. :19; .-16. :43'i; s*4f. 1:09. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner Altmoda
Stablo'B b. g., by imp. Bassetlaw-Doe. Antler came very fast at the end, interfering with
>My Pear and Free Pass at the same time. With a good ride Mildred Hughes could have won.
St. Germain not ready. Lew Zara quit. *D^arl heat for place.
707. SECOND RACE— MiIe and a sixteenth; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, 1400.
Time— l-16, :07; 5-16. :32; 9-16, :67; 13-16, 1:22%: mile, 1:41%; 1 l-16m, 1:47\. Good ft*rt. Won
easily, second and third driving. Winner, J. F. Fogg's b. h., by Imp. St. Andrew-Termagent
Gotobed much the best. Glengaber ran an Improved race. None Such a surprise. Cromwell
has bad legs. • ¦ ...
70S. THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlongs; two-yeaa-olds; purse. $400.
Time — 3-16, :18; 7-16, :42U. Good start.- 'Won easily, second and third driving. Winner B.
Sehreiber'B eh. f., bj" Balgowan-Spozla. Sofala was beet. Dunfree cut off once ¦ Count Hubert
a "'racy looker." • Girly Ducat has speed. Scratched— Slg Levy us, st. Rica 107.
7OJ>. FOURTH RACE— One mile and three-eighths; selling; 4-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Tlme-U. :14; %, :39; j,. 1:04: -j 1:50; mile. 1:43: l>4m. l:s6ii; lHm, 2:21%. Good start. Wo"n
cleverly, second' and.thhO driving.- Winner. J. S. Gibson's b. m., by Feilowcharm-Czar-
Iha. Winner can ran some With light weight up. Tempo the supposed rood thing Dr
Marks badly handled. Scratehed-Davld Tenny 100. - 7. vr '
710. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; 'selling: three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Time— Vi.; "-12%; %• '¦**'- H. 1:01: 7i. 1:27\. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner g"
J Dodd's br. c, by Imp. Brutus-TounK Yule. Too much early use made of San Tomas'
McWhlrter came from the far rear. Silver Bullion will do better. T6o much weight for
711. SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; maidens; 3-year-olds & up; purse, S3OO.
Time— S-l«. :19U: 7-18. M 4; 6Hf. 1:09. Poor start. Won first three drivln*. Winner, C. E.
Durnell's b. g., by Imp. Wagner- Miss Might. Hogan a game finisher. Isallnc delayed tha
start a long time, killing her own chances, besides several others. ' Regelong Is unruly.
Jones „on Chance beat the gate. Scratched— Miss Soak 106.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to hava the same published.
Brandee.'Anna W. C. La*ar. Marcus •
Best. John '".-•- McXamara, Cather-
Chllds. Mary A. Ine
Condon. John D. Miller, Mrs. Sarah
Casey, Benjamin Morris. Maxtln H.
Daley. Mrs. ¦ Mary Mow, WonK Chung"
Eggers. Minna F. Mahony. Thomas
Gleeson, Joseph N. Noel. Elizabeth
Caspar. Au«-ustus Newell, Margaret
GilllES. Georce P. O'Brien. Mrs. Mar-
HarreUon. Claude E. garet
Hurley. Lawrence Olason, CJara
Horan. Gcorpe G. O'Connor. Maggi* J.
HUKheton. George J. Regan, Jeremiah
Jones. William P. Radanovlch. John
Lem. John H. Spittal, William
Lever. Charles Snyder. Charles
Lafferty, Mary Wised, August J.
BRANDES— In this city, January 28, 1900, Miss
Anna W. C. Brandes. beloved daughter of
Mrs. Johanna Brandes. and sister of August
R. F. and Charles Brandes of Oakland, a
native of Germany, aged 23 years 7 " months
and 5 days. A member of Alcatraz Circle.
lE^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 439 Minna street, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to the German Lutheran St.
Paulus Church. Howard street, near Tenth,
where services will be held, thence to Elev-
enth and Harrison streets to electric car at
2:30 o'clock to- Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BEST— In this city. January 29, 1900. John, be-
loved husband of Margaret Best, and brother-
in-law .of Edward. Lawrence and William
Murphy and Mrs. William O. Smith of San
Rafael, a native of Ohio, aged 33 years and
I month.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday).' at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 118 Albion avenue, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery .
CHILDS— In this' city. January 29. 1900, Mary
Ann. beloved wife of Charles W. Childs. a
native of Boston. Mass., aged 65 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co. : . 318 Mason
street, between Geary and O'Farrell. Inter-
ment private. .
CONDON— In this city. January SO. 1900, John
D . beloved son of John D. and Agnes Con-
don, a native of San Francisco, aged 6 months
and 4 days.
ICT-The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resl-
' dence of the parents, 1523^ Dolores street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASEY— In Wadsworth. Nev.. January 28. 1900.
Benjamin Casey of Tiburon. Marln County,
beloved husband of Annie Casey, and father
of Benjamin H. Casey, a native of Kalama-
zoo, Mich., aged 83 years.
CTFriends and . acquaintances are invited
to attend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday),
at 10:15 o'clock, from the undertaking par-
lors of Edward Eden. San Rafael, thence to
St Raphael's Church, where a requiem mass
will be said for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
DALEY— In this city, January 28, 1900, at her
residence, 1220 Powell street, Mrs. Mary Da-
ley, beloved mother of Mrs. M. J. Lyncn,
Dennis J.. Daley, Mrs. J. Gavin. May and
Lawrence Daley and the late Mrs. A. Pur-
cell, a native of Ireland.
ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the solemn requlom
mass, which will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul to-morrow (Thursday), at bt.
Francis Church, commencing at 10 o clock.
Interment private in Holy Cross Cemetery.
EGGERS— In thU city, January 29, 1900. Minna
F. E«ers, beloved wife of Ferdinand Eggers.
a native of Berlin. Germany, aged 67 years 8
months and 13 days. A member of St. Mar-
kus Frauen Vereln.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
reFldence. ISO 7 Steiner street, thence i to bt.
MarkUß Church. O'Farrell street. bet we «"
Franklin and GouKh. where services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Cremation
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GLEESON— In this city. January 28, 1900, Jo-
seph N.. beloved son of Mary and the late
James Gleeson. and brother of James and
Frank Gleeson, Mrs. I. W Stanley and Mrs.
J G. Newsom. a native of Mokelumne Hill.
Calaveras County. Cal.. aged 31 years 9
months and 24 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St.
Charles Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private, in Holy Cross Cemetery.
GASPAR— In East Oakland. January 29. 1900.
Augustus beloved husband of Anna Gaspar,
and father of Joseph M.. August F. and Peter
Caspar, a native of Fayal. Azores, aged -50
years. A member of Bay District Lodge No.
226 A. O. V. W.. and U. P. E. C. No. 7.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 916 East Sixteenth street, thence to
St. Anthony's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
GILLISS— In this city. January 30, 1900, George
P beloved husband of Kate GIIUbs. and
father of Laura Gilllss. a native of Wash-
ington, D. C, aged 74 years 4 months and 1
day.
HARRELSON— In Burllngame. January 29,
1&00. Claude Edmund, beloved son of D. O.
and Mary E. Harrelson, and brother of Wil-
liam H. and D. O. Harrelson Jr., a native of
Btockton. aged 29 years 6 months and 25 days.
(Stockton and Vlsalia papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from Cypress Lawn Chapel.
Take 10:40 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
HURLEY— In the City and County Hospital,
January 30, 1900, Lawrence Hurley, a native
of New York, aged 45 years.
HORAN— In this city. January 30, 1900, George
¦Guthrie, beloved t. n of Frances and the late
J. C. Horan. and brother of Francis W. and
Frances F. Horan. a native of San Fran-
cisco. a»red 38 yearn. .
(E7"Notice< of funeral hereafter.
HUGHSTON— In this city, January 30, 1900,
George J. Ilughston, a native of the State of
New York, aged 60 years.
(£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend th<> funeral to-morrow
(Thursday).- at 1:30 o'clock, from- the parlors
of Craig. Cochran & Co.. 52 Mint avenue. In-
terment Cynreps Lawn Cemetery via 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
JONES— In Alameda. January 29, 1900, Wil-
liam Price Jones, a native of Wales, aged 77
years 6 months and 10 days.
(OTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ?23 Pacific avenue. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland.
LEM— In this City. January 28. 1900. John H.
Lem, dearly beloved husband of Anna Lem.
and brother-in-law of William Hoffschnelder
and P. H. Reese, a native of Amsterdam,
Holland, aged 70 yearf and S days.
(nJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Crocker's
Old People's Home, corner Pierce and Pine
streets. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LEVER— In Alanieda, January 29. 1900, Charles
Lever, a native of England, aged 74 years 2
months and 18 days. ¦ '
inrFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
II o'clock, from his late residence, 2131 Santa
Clara avenue. Interment Tamalpals Ceme-
tery, Pan Rafael. Please omit ; flowers. In-
terment private. -.-£*¦
LAFFERTY— In this city, January SO. .1900.
Man', relict of the late Owen Lafferty, and
mother of Mrs. George McDonald, Mrs. Wal-
ter McCoy and Daniel, Alexander, May and
Lizzie Lafferty and the late Patrick, Eugene,
James and John Lafferty, a native' of County
Donegal. Ireland, aged 55. years.
LAPAR — January 30, 1900. Marcus, beloved hus-
band of Hannah Lasar. father • of Harolde
I.afar, son of Emairuel Lasar.. and brother of
¦ Mrs. Henry fuseklnd, Mrs. .Maurice Geti.
Mrs. Nathan Coblentz -and Isaac Lasar of
Pan Luis Oblsoo.
(n^JFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of h!» sister. 1718 Pest street. Interment
Home of P»ace Cemetery, by' 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
McNAMARA— In this city, January 29. 1900,
Catherine, beloved wife of Patrick ' McNa-
niata. and mother of Sister Mary Llguorl and
Joseph, Charles, George. William. Edward
Vincent and the late Jqhn- H. Mc.Vamara a
•native of Kll^ee.- County Claw. Ireland, aged
48 years. (Chlcaeo papers please copy.)
C7FHends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
• retldence, 811 Folsom street, thence to fit
Patrick's Church, wh^re a solemn requiem
Jilgh • mass will be celebrated for the repose,
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EAIX.RO AD TRA VEI*.
MOUNT TAMALPfJIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days— 9:30/ a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Sundays 8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trains. .
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return,
11 40. . '
HENRY J GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan * Gallagher). -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRS,
20 Fifth st.. - opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. .
11
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
690 Antler, 3 91 9 »
653 My Dear. 4 104 4
6SS Hunch. 4. 104 1
... Mildred Hughes, 3.. 90 5
678 Free Pass. 3 89 3
... St. Germain,' 3 93 10
671 Caesar Young, 3.... 96 7
\.. Lew Zara, 3 89 2
532 La Amiga, 3 89 «
... Ltzzella, 4... 105 8
... Jenjchl, 3 91 12
... Egrita, 3 89|11
Vtm.
Hm. «jm. Str.
7~>£ 5 1 ...
5 h 3 1 ...
42 2 4
9 " 8 H '.'.'.
8» 7 *
11 9 1
Stt 6*
10 10
11 ' 11 ¦ • *
I . I Betting.
Fin. I Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
1 h Logue W 25
2 • E. Ross 5 12
3 h* Bullraan 15 23
4 h Buchanan 6 4
5 h Ranch 4 6
6 \i, T. Walsh S 10
7 2 Henry S 12
8 1 J. Martin 3 3
9 1 H.Stuart 4-10
10 Y2Y 2 K. Jones 6 S
11 . Phelan 10 20
12 C. G01den...... 20 60
index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
516 Gotobed, 5 104 4
642 Qlengaber. 4 109 3
633 None Such. 6 104 5
668 Twinkle Twlnk, «... 99 2
(665) Tom Cromwell, a... 114 1
639 Los Prietos. 6 101 6
Vim.
6 "
1H
2 H
8 h
4 h
5 1
* Yam- **m.
6 4 1
3h 3 h
In 1 J
4 h 51
6 2 6
23 2 h
Str.
1 h
3 1
2 h
4 2
5 h
6
Fin. | Jockeyg. [Op. Cl.
1 n Jenkins 8-5 1-2
2*k Spencer 7 7
3 2 E. Ross 60 HO
I 4 2 Henry 20 60
SI K. Jones 5-2 19-5
6 Helneon 30 60
Index. .Horae. Welght.|St. %m. Hm,
686 SofaJa 115 S
(486) Dunfree 115 1 ...
... Count Hubert .115 2 .;.
68S Glrly Ducat 115 4
... Corn Cake 118 7
685 Tfcornwlld 118 5 ' ;...
69« Parsifal .....118 «
... Pat Foley 115 9
696 Petit Etre ....118 8 ... ¦ ...
%m. Str. Fin. | Jockey. "JQp! cT
1 2 Tl T8 Bullman 7-10 7-10
3 % t H 2 * Spencer 9-6 8-5
2 2 J 1 8 4 Jenkins 10 10
4 6 4« 4 8 L. Turner X 100
6 1 6 2 5H Vlttltoe 30 30
7 1 5 H 6 4 Hennessey .... 60 160
&hi 7 5 7 6 Buchanan .... 60 300
9 9 .• ¦ I 1 Morse 10 *W
8 1 8 1 » • Helnson 100 300
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St, Std. • Hot.
«76 Snip*. 5 ...98 4' ,4! 2 1
««6 Tempo. 6 -....-. 103 1 21- 43-
«S« Satauma, a 105 2 8 V 4 3h
673 Dr. Mark*. 5 ?.. 97 6 6 6 1
677 Billy McCloskey. a. IOC 5 5h «
>« Grady. t »». 104 1 3 - 1 h ; 1 h
%m. Str. . Fin. | Jookeya. |bp. cC
11 11 fIH Henry i 7
5 h 2 H J h Jenkins J 2
** 8 2 3 5 E. J0ne5. ...... 2 6-2
6 2 5 4 412 J. Martin « 3
6 6 61 H. Stuart W «c
*n - -4 H • 6 E. Roas ¦12 25
Index. Horse. W>teht.|St. • Km.
~695 L. b. -McWhlrter...lo2 1 . 6 1
(455) Sail Tomas ..112 3 12
6?9 Raul of Tarsus 109 4 U
680 Silver Bullion 107 6 4 3 \
690 AUenna .' 107 6 3 h
694 Antolnetta : 107 » 6
\jm. ¦ %m. St r.
6 4 6 6 *~h
13 It- 14
14 21H S 2
3h3 1 S 5
4» 41 4H
t 6 6
' a 't y>M> '?! Jockey. |Op. en.
1 h Vlttltoe i 12
| 1 Bullman 5-2 12-5
3 5 Spenojr 4 j. 2
IJi f ' , Jone8 ••••••• 3-2 13-5
512 Jenkins ....;.. 6 9-2
6 Helnson 10 • 20
ntlex. Home. Age. Weight. |St. Urn, %m. %m:"' Btr. Fin. [ Jockeys. |Q^ ci*.
678 Matt Hoi?an. 3 93 7 ... 9Vf 3h ... In T. Walsh 4~i
671 J. V. Hays. 3....... 98 5 ...8 1 « 1 ... 2 5 Devln :.. 5 '7
fi7l Beautiful Bill, 3.... 9« 3 ... 83 71 .... 31 Henry 5 g
698 Isaline. 3 <*< 4 ... 3h 2h ... 4 H J. Martin 3 4
CS3 Red Cherry. 3 .89 » ..; i % 6»i ... . 6 1 J. T. Woods... 29 .50
473 - Bloom* Chance, 4..105 1 ... -1H X 2 ... 6 1 E. .Tones 8- 15
... ReselonE. 4 .10« 6 ... 72 9 ... 7H Jenkins 3 8-S
«78 Baßdad. 3 9110 ... 10 10 ... 8 1 Ranch « 7 10
•678 Naples, 4 105 2 ... 2 1 4 M ... 9 1 Vlttltoe ¦ 8 IS
653 Cyraona, 4 101 3 .... •. 52 8 1 .... 10 Helnson' 12 jo
... Washoe Ban, 3 9« Excused ?. ... .... ... IPhelan .'lO 50
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
690 Antler, 3 91 9 »
653 My Dear. 4 104 4
6SS Hunch. 4. 104 1
... Mildred Hughes, 3.. 90 5
678 Free Pass. 3 89 3
... St. Germain,' 3 93 10
671 Caesar Young, 3.... 96 7
\.. Lew Zara, 3 89 2
532 La Amiga, 3 89 «
... Ltzzella, 4... 105 8
... Jenjchl, 3 91 12
... Egrita, 3 89|11
Vtm.
Hm. «jm. Str.
7~>£ 5 1 ...
5 h 3 1 ...
42 2 4
9 " 8 H '.'.'.
8» 7 *
11 9 1
Stt 6*
10 10
11 ' 11 ¦ • *
I . I Betting.
Fin. I Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
1 h Logue W 25
2 • E. Ross 5 12
3 h* Bullraan 15 23
4 h Buchanan 6 4
5 h Ranch 4 6
6 \i, T. Walsh S 10
7 2 Henry S 12
8 1 J. Martin 3 3
9 1 H.Stuart 4-10
10 Y2Y 2 K. Jones 6 S
11 . Phelan 10 20
12 C. G01den...... 20 60
index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
516 Gotobed, 5 104 4
642 Qlengaber. 4 109 3
633 None Such. 6 104 5
668 Twinkle Twlnk, «... 99 2
(665) Tom Cromwell, a... 114 1
639 Los Prietos. 6 101 6
Vim.
6 "
1H
2 H
8 h
4 h
5 1
* Yam- **m.
6 4 1
3h 3 h
In 1 J
4 h 51
6 2 6
23 2 h
Str.
1 h
3 1
2 h
4 2
5 h
6
Fin. | Jockeyg. [Op. Cl.
1 n Jenkins 8-5 1-2
2*k Spencer 7 7
3 2 E. Ross 60 HO
I 4 2 Henry 20 60
SI K. Jones 5-2 19-5
6 Helneon 30 60
Index. .Horae. Welght.|St. %m. Hm,
686 SofaJa 115 S
(486) Dunfree 115 1 ...
... Count Hubert .115 2 .;.
68S Glrly Ducat 115 4
... Corn Cake 118 7
685 Tfcornwlld 118 5 ' ;...
69« Parsifal .....118 «
... Pat Foley 115 9
696 Petit Etre ....118 8 ... ¦ ...
%m. Str. Fin. | Jockey. "JQp! cT
1 2 Tl T8 Bullman 7-10 7-10
3 % t H 2 * Spencer 9-6 8-5
2 2 J 1 8 4 Jenkins 10 10
4 6 4« 4 8 L. Turner X 100
6 1 6 2 5H Vlttltoe 30 30
7 1 5 H 6 4 Hennessey .... 60 160
&hi 7 5 7 6 Buchanan .... 60 300
9 9 .• ¦ I 1 Morse 10 *W
8 1 8 1 » • Helnson 100 300
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St, Std. • Hot.
«76 Snip*. 5 ...98 4' ,4! 2 1
««6 Tempo. 6 -....-. 103 1 21- 43-
«S« Satauma, a 105 2 8 V 4 3h
673 Dr. Mark*. 5 ?.. 97 6 6 6 1
677 Billy McCloskey. a. IOC 5 5h «
>« Grady. t »». 104 1 3 - 1 h ; 1 h
%m. Str. . Fin. | Jookeya. |bp. cC
11 11 fIH Henry i 7
5 h 2 H J h Jenkins J 2
** 8 2 3 5 E. J0ne5. ...... 2 6-2
6 2 5 4 412 J. Martin « 3
6 6 61 H. Stuart W «c
*n - -4 H • 6 E. Roas ¦12 25
Index. Horse. W>teht.|St. • Km.
~695 L. b. -McWhlrter...lo2 1 . 6 1
(455) Sail Tomas ..112 3 12
6?9 Raul of Tarsus 109 4 U
680 Silver Bullion 107 6 4 3 \
690 AUenna .' 107 6 3 h
694 Antolnetta : 107 » 6
\jm. ¦ %m. St r.
6 4 6 6 *~h
13 It- 14
14 21H S 2
3h3 1 S 5
4» 41 4H
t 6 6
' a 't y>M> '?! Jockey. |Op. en.
1 h Vlttltoe i 12
| 1 Bullman 5-2 12-5
3 5 Spenojr 4 j. 2
IJi f ' , Jone8 ••••••• 3-2 13-5
512 Jenkins ....;.. 6 9-2
6 Helnson 10 • 20
ntlex. Home. Age. Weight. |St. Urn, %m. %m:"' Btr. Fin. [ Jockeys. |Q^ ci*.
678 Matt Hoi?an. 3 93 7 ... 9Vf 3h ... In T. Walsh 4~i
671 J. V. Hays. 3....... 98 5 ...8 1 « 1 ... 2 5 Devln :.. 5 '7
fi7l Beautiful Bill, 3.... 9« 3 ... 83 71 .... 31 Henry 5 g
698 Isaline. 3 <*< 4 ... 3h 2h ... 4 H J. Martin 3 4
CS3 Red Cherry. 3 .89 » ..; i % 6»i ... . 6 1 J. T. Woods... 29 .50
473 - Bloom* Chance, 4..105 1 ... -1H X 2 ... 6 1 E. .Tones 8- 15
... ReselonE. 4 .10« 6 ... 72 9 ... 7H Jenkins 3 8-S
«78 Baßdad. 3 9110 ... 10 10 ... 8 1 Ranch « 7 10
•678 Naples, 4 105 2 ... 2 1 4 M ... 9 1 Vlttltoe ¦ 8 IS
653 Cyraona, 4 101 3 .... •. 52 8 1 .... 10 Helnson' 12 jo
... Washoe Ban, 3 9« Excused ?. ... .... ... IPhelan .'lO 50Wedding invitations, visiting cards, fine
writing papers, tablets and paputeries at
reasonable prices In our stationery de-
partment. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street. •
he will earn $30 more for recapturing him.
The Shanahan Florist Company sent a
communication to the Commissioners pro
testing against the flower vendors who
take up their stand at the corner of Geary
and Market streets, on the ground that
they Injured the business of retail flower
dealers The communication was placed
on file. Charles Nelson waa appointed a
special officer and will take up his sta
tion in the Western Addition.
Another application for the position of
Chief of Police was received and placed
on file. The latest applicant for the po
sition is Edward Gambler Wade, an ex
newspaper man. whose age would put him
on the retired list. Mr. Wade thinks him
self qualified for the position and stated
that Senators. Assemblymen, professional
men and business men would vouch for
him. When Secretary Beatty read the
communication Commissioner Thomas
moved that he be appointed, and amid
the laughter was heard Chief Biggy'a
voice, asking that a vote be immediately
taken on it. President Newhall said he
declined to vote and Dr. McNutt aroused
himself out of his sleep long enough to
a«k that the application be placed on file.
The charges against Officer B. J. Rooker
wc-re dismissed.
The trial of Officer Conley, accused of
being Inebriated while on duty, was put
over one week.
Mock Woh, who applied for /a permit to
act as a Chinese guide, was turned down.
Chief Btggy asserted that he was strongly
opposed to the Chinese acting as guides
as they were unreliable.
After transacting a large amount of
minor business the board went into execu
tive Reeßion and when it adjourned Com
missioner Newhall stated that another at
tempt to elect a chief had signally failed.
SFX SPECIALS.
Fine SILKOLINE BED COMFORTERS, pure
snownake filling, full size and. Handsome Q| en
designs $}**»
Each.
FRENCH PRINTED SATEEN BED COMFORTERS,
three-auarter Ded size, snowflake filling 00 cfl
anddoselu tiuilted Ql*\)\J
Each.
WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, full Size and QQ 7C
extra weight OJil J
Pair.
Extra Qualltu WHITE WOOL BLANKETS (pure oo nn
Australian wool), handsome horders OuiUU
Pair.
COLORED MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, extra PO Cf|
size and hemmed, patterns well assorted. .. OZi JU
Each.
WHITE ENGLISH*MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, QQ Crt
extra fine aualltu, 15 different designs 00i JU
Each.
This week we will also continue our SPECIAL
SALE OF TOWELS, NAPKINS AND TABLE
CLOTHS.
_
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Buildings Other Than Prison Bulldlnsrs.
which was appointed to visit the State Nor
mal Schools at San Diego, the Insane Asy
lum at Highlands and the proposed sites for
a normal school in San Diego County, hav
ing performed that duty and reported back
the result of their Investigations to the Sen
ate, now present this, their account for
mileage, as follows: Senator Androus, 1190
miles, Ul9; Senator Biggy, 1248 miles,
$128 40; Senator Gesford. 1240 miles, $124; J.
F. Carrere, clerk, 1240 miles, $124. Total,
$49S 40.
Therefore, resolved. That the Controller
be and is hereby directed to draw his war
rant In favor of S. N. Androus, chairman of
said sub-committee, for the sum of $435 40,
as per above statement, said warrant to be
so drawn upon the fund for the contingent
expenses of the Senate, and the Treasurer Is
directed to pay the same.
S. N. ANDROUS,
Chairman Sub-Committee.
In addition Mr. Biggy offers two
receipts from the Southern Paciilc
Railroad Company's agents show
ing that for his trip from Sac
ramento to Los Angeles he paid $15 fare,'
and for his trip from Los Angeles to Sac
ramento, on the return, he paid $15. The
Call reproduces with this article fac sim
iles of the two receipts, together with tho
Southern Pacific agent's stamp on the
back, showing that the return ticket was
purchased at Los Angeles February 5, 1595.
This date fits perfectly the date, Febru
ary 7, 1895, of the report of Chairman
Androus on the return to Sacramento of
the sub-committee.
No further evidence would be necessary
in a court of law to run out of court such
preposterous charges as are sought to be
backed up, for whatever reason, by Mr.
Isidore Jacobs. His memory Is not corrob
orated by that of Senator Fay, whom he
cites as a witness, and it is absolutely
contradicted by the evidence of the Sen
ate Journal and the receipts held by Mr.
Biggy for fares paid on the trip In ques
tion.
In the face of this proof no one
would think that Mayor Phelan,
unblushing breaker of ante-election
promises as he is, will dare to bury
his official knife in the back of Biggy. In
the face of such proof Esola, alias Har
rington, and his backers will again have
to hunt the holes into which they were
driven by the absent-minded lieutenant's
testimony on the witness stand before the
Police Commissioners. In the face of Mich
proof Commissioner Biggy comes forth ra
diant, an honest man, that had foresight
enough to pay his fare and get receipts
and keep them to refute just such charges.
Commissioner Biggy's attitude through
out this trying ordeal has been consist
ently that of the honest man. the Exam
iner professed at one time to think him.
He did not rush into print to deny the
charges. He would only say, "The re
ceipts will sho«w." ¦• - y
Dr. Parker's Couch Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Merer falls. Try It. Ail druggists. *
denounce the shooting In the most un
measured terms. Governor Taylor imme
diately caused a email address to be
issued, in which he declared the affair
to be a disgrace and an outrage and call
ing for the most sober condemnation. He
cent orders at once to Adjutant General
Collier, directing him to take steps for
the preservation of order. General Col
lier is a Republican and Is opposed to
Goebel. He declared the shooting to be
a most cowardly affair and one that upon
every consideration was to be regretted.
He lost no time in making speeches, how
ever. Before Goebel had been lifted from
the ground to be carried to the hotel. Gen
eral Collier had telephoned to the armory,
a half-miie distant, directing the local in
fantry company which was stationed there
under command of Captain Walcott to
proceed at once to the Capitol grounds,
take possession of them and the ap
proaches, allowing nobody to enter the
gates. Twenty minutes after the shooting
Captain Walcott and his men marched
across the front of the Capitol building
and halted at the foot of the stops. Or
ders were Issued to outside companies
throughout the State to make ready at
once to come to Frankfort, the entire
State Guard being called into service. It
was feared that the»news of the shooting
would so inflame the Democrats that they
would come to Frankfort in swarms,
while the mountaineers would lose no time
in coming to the capltol for the purpose
of upholding their party principles. .
"It mokeß no difference" to me," said
General Collier, "who- starts anything;
we will preserve order on both sides."
The excitement among the followers of
Goebel was great, and for a short time
Immediately following the shooting of
their leader there was more than the pos
sibility that some of the hotheads would
seek vengeance upon their political ene
mies. Threats were made against Repub
licans and attorneys during the excite
ment, but the leading members of the
Legislature soon brought them to calmer
talk. As the news spread through the
streets that Goc" el bad been shot men
Your Last
Chance
TA FIAV WEDNESDAY.
1 KJ "LJ r\ I * At 11 * ». »ai 2?. a.
Cor, Geary and Stockton.
Grand Wlndingr-Up
AUCTION
OP OENUINB F/JVS
TURKISH DIIPO
PERSIAN nUud
THIS MS
Turkish Rag Co.'s Stock.
Will Be Wound Up To-Day.
This Company has been Ih business In thi»
City for 12 years. Every RUG is guaranteed
Genuine. Xo Aniline dyed, no Acid Washed,
antiquated Rues In this stock.
Every RUG will be started at JLOO and sold
WITHOUT RESERVE.
YOU WILL BUY~6ENUINE RUGS
AT THIS SALE
IN BROAD DAYLIGHT,
AJTT» NOT t^TDER DECEPTIVE QA3UGHT.
Spices
10, 15. 25c per Can,
Useful Premiums Glren
with Each Purchase.
Come Just to See.
Great American Importliis Tea Gol
Stores Everjrwliexc
zoo Stores.
— ¦^—^—— — - —
:: Palace and :
: Grand Hotels I
" For nearly a quarter of a century U>« "
<• leading: hotels on tba Paciflo Coast. "
< > With added lmDroTcments and coa* < >
f ventances they continue to b« the head- < >
1 ¦ quarters for tourists and traveler* vl*- < .
7. Uia* San Francisco. ?
? JOHN a KIRKPATRICTC
? Maugtr. ?
ittttttt in ¦ t t ttniminti
13 1? TT C U l7 C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JjlLUOXlijO '"»• bootblacks, batn-
buuses. billia.u tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannersl
dyers, fleur, mills, foundries, laundries. pap«r-
hanKers. printers, painters, shoe factories, sta.
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS^
Brush Manufacturers. 6OQ Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-Rff^
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. Euro Dean plan. Rooms. 50c to 11 50 day
jr. to $,-< week; $s to J2O month. Free baths- hot
and cold water every room: fire grates in every
I room; elevator runs all night.
STRICTLY CASH.
All This Season's Stock of Stylish
\
--¦'¦-' : Xt
Jackets, Suits,
Silk Waists, Skirts,
¦ ¦ 111
Feather Boas, Etci;
WILL BE SOLD AT PRICES WHICH
WILL ASTONISH EVERYBODY.
SALE COMMENCES
THURSDAY, FEB. Ist,
Daily from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Store Will Be Closed To-Day (Wednesday.)
114-116 KEARNY ST.
And now. in fac simile. The Call offers
the receipts, repeating Mr. Biggy's re-
mark. "The receipts will show."
IT has been charged by an afternoon
newspaper, which is given away with
the drinks, that Acting Chief of Po- ]
lice and Commissioner William J.
Biggy, after having ridden on a
Southern Pacific pass on State
business, while Senator from San Fran
cisco, afterward collected mileage for the
Journey. The charge was based on an
interview with Isidore Jacobs of the Cali
fornia Canneries ' Company, during the
course of which he is quoted as saying
that some time during the legislative ses
sion of 1595, at a restaurant at.
Sacramento, Biggy told Jacobs that he
had ridden on a Southern Pacific pass as
a member of the Senate Sub-Committe*
on Public Buildings on a visit of inspec.
tion from Sacramento to the Whlttier Re
form School.
Supplemental to this Interview was
quoted that paragraph of the constitution
of the State, which frowns on and pro
vides penalties for any such proceeding.
Following, too, was an Interview headed
"Biggy Is Evasive," In which the ac
cused, questioned as to the truth of Mr.
Jacobs' charges, replied that "the re
ceipts would speak for themselves." To
a reporter for The Call, on the evening
of the publication, Mr. Biggy denied the
charges absolutely, remarking that he did
not care to notice the paper making them.
The kind-hearted Examiner, which does
not like Blggy any more since he refused
to be made a catspaw to serve the ambi
tions of the absent-minded Frederick
Esola; alias Harrington, saw yesterday
morning, or pretended to see, something
serious in the charges made by the even
ing paper against Commissioner Biggy.
It suddenly discovered that the evening
paper, which it has more than once ac
cused of venality, had suddenly become
the recording angel of righteousness. In
big, black type it rehashed the charges,
while in very small type it printed, "The
Examiner has no knowledge of the truth
of this particular charge." Incidentally,
and In the full face of this Innocent ac
knowledgment, it worked off a three-col
umn cartoon, representing Biggy making
ready to stick a knife into the back of
Mayor Phelan, labeling It, "Whose Hired
Stabber Is This?"
It became evident to the friends of Com
missioner Biggy that a well-laid plan was
in full swing against him. More than one
surmised that the attack had originated
wiJi the backers of Esola and, for pur
poses which are apparent, was first de
livered through the afternoon paper that
is given away with the drinks, so that
the immaculate Examiner could not be
accused of having made it for the purpose
of getting back at Biggy by reason of his
opposition to itß perjured candidate for
Chief of Police.
It was a boldly c6nceived and well con
sidered scheme, especially ! the cartoon
afterthought. Biggy's friends, sure of the
honesty of the man whom the Examiner
has lain awake nights to exclaim is hon
est, liked it, only they could not help re
marking that it would have been truer
to life had the figures been reversed. Some
of them went further, and stated plainly
that the truth was that the pure Mayor
Phelan was preparing to knife Biggy and
that the attacks on the Commissioner's
honvsty were made solely and only to give
Political Purity Phelan a chance to oust
Biggy from ottice and put in some servile
tool to deliver the goods the little Mayor
of this big city had sold prior to election.
In this connection. The Call does not
mean to charge that Isidore Jacobs Is a
party to the plot. It would rather believe
otherwise and— in the face of absolute
proofs in its possession that Commissioner
Biggy is innocent of the charges in the
interview— this paper will take the char
itable view that Mr. Jacobs is simply mis
taken. However that may be, it seems
that Mr. Jacobs is taking a very lively in
terest against Mr. Biggy, coming out yes
terday afternoon in the paper that is
given away with the drinks, to back his
assertions with living witnesses. He is
quoted as saying: "To substantiate my
statement, 1 am compelled to mention the
name of 'Honest* John Fay, who was ai
that time a Senator from this city. ¦ Sen
ator Fay was present at that dinner when
Mr. Biggy made the confession."
Senator Fay was seen immediately af
terward at his residence, 2114 Powell
street, by a reporter of the same evening
papei and asked whether he remembered
Biggy's alleged confession to Jacobs. His
answer was: "Well, such a thing may
have occurred, but I cannot recall It at
this time." In spite of other questions
the reporter could get nothing further
from 'Honest" John Fay.
So much for the proof of Mr. Jacobs'
statement.
Now for the refutation. . Commissioner
Biggy denies it In toto. He says, to begin
vrith, that he never dined with Jacobs and
never confessed to him or anybody else in
a French restaurant at Sacramento or
anywhere else that he had ridden on a
Southern Pacific pass. He admits, as the
records of the State Senate show, that
he did travel from Sacramento to Los
Angeles and from there to other points
included in the investigation, for . which
the Senate Journal shows he was allowed
mileage. ' He offers also— what the lovely
Examiner offered against him— the Senate
Journal record of the Junket of the sub
committee. It reads:
SENATE CHAMBER. Sacramento, Feb
ruary 7, 1895. Mr. President: The Special
Sub-committee of the Committee on Public
began to pour toward the Capitol on all
sides, one throng being led by two fire
men, one of whom carried a Winchester
rifle, which the other finally prevailed
upon him to lay asldo.
A shooting affray occurred In a saloon
about this time, Craig Ireland, a sporting
man, fatally wounding Ike Williams, a
negro. The men were in an altercation
when Williams struck" Ireland, who
promtly sent a bullet through the negro's
stomach. Ireland was locked up. This
second shooting caused great excitement
for a time, and it was thought the long
threatened political shooting in general
all along the line had been inaugurated.
This affair had nothing to do with the
political situation.
Senator-elect Blackburn, who was in
Washington, was Informed of the shoot
ing through the long-distance telephone,
and sent back a message urging the
Democrats to remain quiet and take no
rash action of any sort.
It was reported through the city this
afternoon that It was the intention of
Lieutenant Governor John Marshall to re
sign his position because of the shooting
of Goebel. Marshall left toj his home In
Louisville this afternoon.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Jan. 30.— The Ohio
House of Representatives passed a reso
lution of sympathy with the State of Ken
tucky immediately on hearing of the
tragedy at Frankfort to-day.
Continued on Page Nine.
HE DECLARES WAR ON
COMMISSIONER BIGGY
Says He Will Oust Him Before Next
Monday.
Excited Session of the Board, at Which Thomas
Tries to Have the Present Acting Chief
Removed From Office.
/I r3 ATOR PHELAN has an
\\ /AY nounced that before next
W\\ Monday he v.lll remove Wil
)( \\ liam J/Biggy from the Board
Jf\ \> of Police Commissioners. As
the first step in that direction
h* nought last night at the executive ses
sion to cause the rescission of the order of
the hoard appointing Blgiry acting t hier.
The resolution failed of adoption.
This determination of the Mayor is not
became, as acting Chief of Police, Blergy
raid«d the Chinese slave dens In Sullivan
ailev own<*'. by the Mayor's brother-in
law- it I? not because Biggy has n *
anything he should not have done Flnce
he has been a Commissioner; but It s
because BIPPV ha* refused to deba-ne his
manhood, trample under foot his sense of
right and the public good and appoint at
the behest of a diminutive Mayor manip
ulated by a gang of conspirators a man
with an alia* to the high office of Chief
Cf M^vor*"Phelan ha. done many /^>" sh
things since he ha* been in office. He has
assumed the air* as w*ll as the cut of
whiskers of a cznr. but never until last
nipht ras he attempted directly to exer
cise the despotic power of a eza.r. Ana
Police Commissioner Thomas, whose rm-
Igr.ation is even now in the hands of the
head^of the city, acted a. bearer of the
U ifr^lelivered it at the executive fiMna
of the Commissioners, following the open
Pesslon. As soon as the doors vere closed
on press and public, he offered a resolu
tion instigated by Phelan. asking that tin*
board rescind the res-olution making Higgy
acting Chief of Police, and that it appoint
la his stead, as acting Chief, the president
of the commission. George A. Newhail.
In presenting tne resolution. Commis
sioner Thomas said the Mayor had an
nounced to him hi? determination to re
move Dipgy from the offiVe of Police Com
missioner before next Monday.
Commissioner Hipgy at once asked^ for
the charges against him as Acting Chief
who applied for licenses to sell liquor.
One of the applications was denied out
right and action on the other was post
poned a week until an Investigation into
th*> character of the place can be made.
The cape of Otto Heynemann, the sten
ographer to the Chief of Police charged
with having divulged upper office secrets,
was postponed a week so that the District
Attorney c >uld be Instructed to draw up
a more specific complaint and verify It.
Mr. Heynemann was represented before
the Commissioners by William S. Wood of
th«? firm of Lloyd & Wood, and his broth
er. Attorney Alexander Heynemann. The
accused was prepared to go on with the
hearing and had a number of witnesses
ready to take the stand.
Attorney Wood raised a technical ob
jection at the outset, however, by read
ir.sr a section of the charter which was in
effect that an officer charged with an
offense was entitled to a knowledge of
the off.nse he is accused of and the name
of the person making the charges. At
torney llevnemann stated that he was
anxious to proceed as he was desirous
of removing the stigma hanging over his
brother. He asked that the name of the
man to whom the secret was revealed be
given to him. and also wanted to know if
he was present to give testimony. Presi
dent Newhall turned to Acting Chief
Ittjggy and aske.l him if ..c was ready to
proceed with the trial, and the latter
ivissM-l the "buck" by saying that he had
rI.K-ed the •¦ntlre matter in the hands of
«'.iptain Wittman. The latter cleared
himself by saying that he had not been
notified that the < *se would be heard last
r.ijiht. The trial was. therefore, postponed
A number of applications for permits to
sell linu'T in resorts with back rooms
were heard by the Commissioners, and a
majority were granted on condition that
the proprietors complied with the provi
sions of the new charter. Officer T. J.
Connell who captured i deserter from the
United States army, was permitted to ac
cept «» reward for his efforts. Connell
turned his runaway soldier over to the
military authorities a few days ago,
and yesterday he learned that the fio> in
blue'ha.l apain skipped out As he has
a clew to his whereabouts it Is probable
._ . — ¦„__..-.-¦ ..... .
of Police upon which was based the reso
lution for his removal. Commissioner
Thomas said that he had no charges.
"My resignation is in the hands of the
Mayor." he said. "I offer that resolution.
If it is r.ot adopted I will go out of that
door and never come back again."
Chairman Thomas' voice and gesture in
dicated as plainly as his words that he
would not play in the Commissioners'
back yard if it did not play his and the
little Mayors way.
Comir.ipsioner Newhall paid he would
Fupport no such resolution. Commissioner
Binary refused to vote or. it and it was left
in the air, a majority oi the board being
necessary to adopt.
Just v.hat followed for a few minutes
afterward is not exactly known beyond
the fact that the Commissioner? were
hnvinp a very warm session. Voices
pitched in a high key floated out into the
erto-rooir.s. where a waiting crowd was
amezstledj ar.d "It's a falsehood!" and a
few otber phrases to th<- same effect could
te hoard. O^mmSssloner Th^nifl^. us* m<?s
sergcr boy from the czar, used hi? voice
more than the other*. He became po sul
try under his piccadJlly that he sizzled
passing out alone at 11:30 o'clock, when
the board adjourned.
The other members of the board were
more leisurely adjourning. Mr. Newhall
imparting the information that they had
been unable to apree. I; <p known, how
ever, that durir.g: the course of the execu
tive srssion he stated positively that he
would never vote for Esola. Mr. Eljfgy
was plainly excited at .the turn of af
fa'rs.
•'The Mayor, he fsaij Jn answer to a
question a« to what the commission had
done, "announced through Commissioner
Thomas that I would be ousted as Com
missioner before Monday; and, on his be
half. Mr. Thomas offered a resolution re
moving me as Acting Chief of Police. It
failed of adoption."
The Fosslon was a short one, but in lt«
brief duration the hand of Phelan and the
Esola conspirators was Fhown in all its
ugliness. The little City Hall Czar would.
If he could, rule with a rod of iron. He
SILENT EVIDENCE THAT REFUTES JACOBS' CHARGES.
Isidore Jacobs, innocent or otherwise, author of charges that William J. Big
cy while Senator at Sacramento in 1895 traveled on Southern Pacific passes while
investigating State institutions In the southern part of the State and afterward
charged mileage, fails totally to support his statement.
On the contrary. Mr. Blggry denies It and produces documentary evidence in
conclusive proof that Mr. Jacobs is mistaken. The above fac similes are South
ern Pacific receipts for railroad fares paid from Sacramento to Los Angeles and
return on that occasion. They speak for themselves.
lias best' to his will a prominent lawyer
n.n<i an prominent doctor. He has
failed to waver Commissioners Newhall
and B : GTKy. In his desperation and in the
<3»spfiratlon of the incarnate wretches
to whom he has sold his little political
soul, he will go further. He will be true
to his announcement and. undoubtedly,
before Monday will take eteps to oust Mr.
, When he do** he will be dragged into
court to answer why. under a charter
that provides for removals of appointed
officers only for cause, he should *um
marily attempt to remove a Police Com
missioner without cause. He will be forced
on the stand, and with him the men with
whom he has bargained to betray the city,
and the foulness they eeek to conceal un
der the cloak of the charter will be ex
posed. Even the whiskers of a czar vrlll
not gruard the eoul of & puny imitator
from the storm ahead.
DIVES WILL BE CLOSED
Police Commissioners Take
Action Against Clieap Music
Halls— Other Business
Transacted.
At their meeting laet night the Police
Commissioners decided to clos« up the
<Slx-es on Grant avenue, between Market
ana Sutler streets. It was the unanimous
opinion of the members of the board that
the cheap variety theaters on that thor
oughfare decreased tho property values
end had a tendency of keeping the re
epoctatle element off the street. This de
jlsion v.a* reached when applications were
i»celved from a number of diva-keepers.
GROUNDLESS CHARGES
OF ISIDORE JACOBS
Another Plot of Esola's Backers Falls
Through.
William J. Biggy Produces Documentary Evi
dence to Destroy a Malicious Attack
on His Integrity.
JOSEPH BRITTON
COMMENDS BIGGY
In view of the expressed deter
mination of Mayor Phelan to re
move William J. Biggy from the
Police Commission In order that
the way might be cleared for the
election of Lieutenant Esola as
Chief of Police, The Call sought
an interview last night with Mr.
Joseph Brltton. one of Mr. Fhe
lan's stanchest supporters at the
polls, to gain his views with regard
to the acting Chief. He said:
Do I believe that Mr. Biggy
has pursued the proper course
with regard to Lieutenant
Esola P Certainly. I do not see
how he could have done other
wise.
I wish to be understood as
backing up Mr. Biggy's ac
tion in every respect since he
has been a Commissioner of
Police. He has been true to his
manhood, to his honesty and
to the trust which the public
places in him on account of his
former record as a fearless offi
cial and man of integrity and
honesty generally.
In the matter of Lieutenant
Esola, Mr. Biggy could not
have taken any other course
than the one he pursued, not
only on account of the evi
dence against Esola at the in
vestigation held by the com
mission, but on account of the
man's own testimony. I re
gard Esola's own testimony as
the most damaging to himself
of any heard at that investi
gation.
In view of this testimony
furnished by Esola and his
denial under oath of the meet
ing in reference to his candi
dacy for Chief of Police at
which the Police Commission
ers themselves were present, I
say again that I do not see
how Mr. Biggy could have
pursued any other course
without violating every prin
ciple of honesty and fair play.
GOEBEL ASSASSINATED
AND LATER DECLARED
GOVERNOR Of KENTUCKY
Continued From First Page.
PHELAN PLOTS FOP THE MAN WITH AN ALIAS
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1900.
have been sleeping in the upper part of
the State House. It is not known, however,
that any of these men did the work or
that they had any knowledge of the pre
meditated crime. There has not. so far.
been discovered the slightest direct evi
dence pointing to any man. and it is not
likely now that any will ever be found.
The man who fired the shots took the
precaution to conceal his location by using
smokeless powder cartridges. A score of
people were where they nad a full view
of the side of the building from which the
firing was done and all of them declare
that not a sign of smoke was visible. Both
Chlnn and Killard are men of experience
in affairs in which powder smoke is a
more or less prominent feature and both
declare that while they could tell the gen
eral direction from which the bullets
came, they could not guess the spot from
which they were fired.
"I tried hard to get a sight of the fel
low " said Lillard. ."He kept pouring the
lead down at us, and Til swear there was
not a sign of anything to indicate from
where he was shooting. As many shots as
he fired would make considerable powder
smoke if ordinary cartridges were used,
but never a sign of smoke could 1 see. *
"I looked around a mighty brief *pell,
said Colonel Chirm. "but there was noth
inK for me to look at. so I paid attention
to Goebel. The fellow used smokeless
powder all right, and I guess he was pret
ty wise to do it. Somebody might have
got him if they had known where to look
for him." ¦.-¦':¦¦<¦'¦ -¦*• , ¦.'¦
The Republican State officials and mem
bers of the Legislature, without exception,
12